
VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, AUGUSr 17, 1872. 



NO. 17. 



ST. BBD:^i<r^K.nD j^nsriD its idogs. 



ALBIOST every boy or girl who has a taste for readiug has 
read something about the monks and dogs of St. Bernard, 
for they have giined a reputation wide as the civilized ■world. 



world, who have money enough to gratify a taste for travel, go 
and see the Alps, and travelers from almost every country make 
it a point to ascend some of their loftiest peaks ; and on account 



because of the deeds of mercy they have performed — because of : of the great dangers of this undertaking, scarcely a year passes 
the lives they have saved ; and you can not write about either i without some persons losing their lives, by being overtaken in 



r^j 



monks or dogs without having something to say of the other. 
In this article we want to tell you something about the dogs of 
St. Bernard, of which the accompanying engraving is a repre- 
sentation, engaged in the labor for which they are so famous, 
namely saving human life by rescuing from the snow, travelers 
when overcome by cold, or overwhelmed by the fearful aval- 
anche. 

There is no need to write anything here regarding the friend- 
ship that exists 
between the ca- 
nine and the hu- 
man race, that 
is, between dogs 
and men. You 
all know how 
true and affec- 
tionate the dog 
is to his master, 
he has a reputa- 
tion for that, 
which nothing 
can rob him of, it 
is too well estab- 
lished. Of all the 
members of the 
brute creation 
there is not one 
which possesses 
the intelligence 
of the dog, and 
not one between 
which and man there exist so much affection and sympathy. 

Intelligence and fidelity are characteristic of all the varieties 
of dogs in existence, but none display them to such a remarkable 
extent, and to so good purpose as the dog of St. Bernard. 
This is no doubt owing, a good deal, to the training he receives, 
for he is reared and trained with a special object in view, that 
object being to save human life. 

You have all heard of the Alps — the highest range of moun- 
tains in Europe. They are situated principally in Switzerland, 
and separate that country from Italy ; but they extend also into 
France and Austria. People from all parts of the civilized 




snow storms, or being dashed to pieces by falling down the 
steep sides of the mountains and into the deep chasms for 
which the Alps have such a notoriety. 

There are several noted passes for crossing the Alps, just as 
there are in crossing the Eocky and Sierra Nevada mountains ; 
and there, as liere, some of these passes are more dangerous 
than others. Among the passes of the Alps is one called the 
Pass of St. Bernardin, and somewhere on this pass is a mon- 
astery — a place 
in which a body 
of men spend 
their days chief- 
ly, in religious 
exercises. They 
are called the 
Monks of St. 
Bernard. Be- 
sides devoting a 
large portion of 
their time to 
praise and pray- 
er they have, 
from time im- 
memorial, been 
noted for their 
acts of mercy in 
rescuing perish- 
ing travelers 
overtaken by the 
snow storms or 
avalanches so 
common in the higher altitudes of the Alpine mountains. To 
aid them in these arduous and merciful labors the monks of St. 
Bernard have long since adopted the custom of training a large, 
hardy race of dogs, which were originally brought from Spain, 
which can not only endure the cold and toil which are neces- 
sarily involved in such perilous labors, but they can also, by 
scent, find the places where unfortunate travelers lie buried in 
the snow, and thus laboring together these charitable monks 
and their intelligcrit dogs have saved scores of lives. 

The number of monks in the monastery is about twenty-five, 
and one of the rules of their establishment is to furnish food 




ISO 



vJ *0" 'ST E! InT I L E I ZST STI2/TJOT O I?/. 



M^«> 



lodgings and guides to all travelers ; and in the Winter season 
they have men ■who, accompanied by the dogs, are constantly 
employed in hunting for distressed travelers and in keeping 
the path clear on both the Italian and Swiss sides of the 
pass. If any human beings are found, overtaken either by 
snow storm or avalanche, the monks render every assistance 
possible, and do all that can be done to rescue and restore 
them. 

Two of this celebrated race of dogs, one called "Barry," 
the other "Jupiter," have gained great fame for their sagacity, 
in rescuing perishing travelers. "Barry" saved a great num- 
ber of lives; and the following anecdote, among many others, is 
recorded of "Jupiter :" One morning he noticed a woman and 
child, without guide, passing the monastery, and, as if conscious 
that danger was in their path, "Jupiter" shortly afterwards 
followed them. The absence of the noble animal was soon 
noticed, and parties from the monastery tracked him, and found 
him a considerable distance oif working away with his feet at a 
suow drift, in which the woman and child were perishing and 
would soon have been dead but for the assistance which his 
absence brought them. 

There is every reason to believe that many lives are saved 
every year by means of these self-denying labors of mercy and 
love ; and though no monuments are erected in honor, and few 
tongues sing the praise, of these obscure but noble toilers 
of the inhospitable mountain passes, their labors will be 
remembered, and their names honored by those indebted to 
their charity for succor and life, when the names of 
some of the prominent among earth's great and mighty ones 
will be forgotten, or if remembered, remembered only to be 
execrv.ted. 



[For the Ju,cenile Instruclor, 

1 ■■' f^ If 



-A.ITTia:K.^OITEl. 



/"<EOLOJISTS are not as yet agreed as to the precise condi- 
IjT tious of this planet when the immense deposits of carbon- 
iferous, or coal-making vegetation were formed. Lyell, in 
speaking of the vast bed of Pennsylvania anthracite, the nature 
of which substance will be explained below, says: "The 
accumulation of vegetable matter now constituting this bed, 
may perhaps, before it was condensed by pressure and the dis- 
charge of its hydrogen, oxygen, and other volatile ingredients, 
have been between 200 or 300 feet thick;" and, he goes on to 
say that, "The origin of such a vast thickness of vegetable 
remains, so unmixed with earthy ingredients, can, I think, be 
accounted for in no other way, than by the growth, during 
thousands of years, of trees and ferns, m the manner of peat" 
This seems reasonable. As to the conversion of vegetable 
masses into coal, chemical considerations alone are necessary to 
account for that : the elements of both wood and coal are alike, 
only in different proportions ; take away a proper proportion of 
hydrogen and oxygen from the constituents of wood and either 
anthracite, coal, or lignite may reniain. 

But, to account for coal deposits, it is not necessary for the 
growth of vegetation to be precisely like that of i)cat, as 
described in the last article on fossil fuel, there are -mw vegeta- 
ble accumulations being made that only require time, and 
similar conditions to those of former epochs, to provide coal for 
future generations. In the same way that peat grows, but in a 
different situation, vlz.^ at the entrance of largo rivers into the 
sea, there are furest-covered swamps where reeds, aquatic 



9'^'. 



plants, and other vegetable matter are accumulating, and have 
been for unknown centuries, forming compact carbonaceous 
material in which no earthy deposit, such as gravel, ever takes 
place. Around these swamps, or morasses, which are gener- 
ally called "deltas," on account of their shape, resembling, as 
they do the triangular Greek letter D, there are banks that are 
covered with a luxuriant growth of reeds and brushwood that 
prevent the entrance of any sedimentary matter. In such 
places the peat will be entirely free from inorganic matter 
except that that ordinarily enters into the constituents of plants; 
and, when it has become compact and undergone the necessary 
chemical changes it may be converted into pitch-peat, lignite, 
or coal. 

From the researches of Liebig and other eminent chemists, 
it appears that "when wood and vegetable matter are buried in 
the earth, exposed to moisture, and partially or entirely exclud- 
ed from the air, they decompose ' slowly and evolve carbonic 
acid gas, thus parting with a portion of their original oxygen." 
By this means they lose their bulk and increase in hydrogen; 
this means that they become more compact and heavy, and 
more inflammable. Lignite, or wood-coal, retains the structure 
of the wood, more or less, according to the amount of decom- 
position it has undergone. For, a continuance of decomposi- 
tion changes this lignite into common, or bituminous coal, 
chiefly by the discharge of ca"rburretted hydrogen," a gas com- 
posed of carbon and hydrogen. 

Perhaps the student has read about the terrible explosions 
that occur from time to time in coal mines, these are caused by 
those decompositions that are still going on, in places. Bis- 
choff states that "inflammable gases are constantly being gener- 
ated and given off by mineral coal." The gases he enumerates 
are "carbonic acid, carburretted hydrogen, nitrogen and olefiant 
gas." He accounts for the formation of anthracite, a hard, 
shining, heavy kind of fuel, found in Pennsylvania and other 
places, by the escape of these gases from bituminous coal. 
5Ir. Frink, a gentleman who lectured on chemistry in this 
city lately, suggests that "the elements themselves have 
combined diiectly to form coal." Th»ro is no difficulty in 
their doing so under certain circumstances, for instance when 
there is adequate pressure of inflammable gases at a high tem- 
perature. 

Any way wo may safely conclude that anthracite is bitumin- 
ous coal deprived of a portion of its hydrogen ; according to 
Rignault, Pennsylvania anthracite is ninety-two per cent, car- 
bon to about two and a half per cent, hydrogen ; that of 
Swansea, South Wales, is ninety-two of carbon with less hydro- 
gen ; all the anthracites enumerated are low in the proportion 
of hydrogen to carbon, with less oxygen and nitrogen than 
bituminous coal or lignite. 

Anthracite docs not contain impressions of plant, as coal 
often does, it is glossy-black, often with a play of colors, it 
breaks with a fracture different to coal, conchoidal, or shell 
shaped ; it is considered by geologists as the earliest of the 
formations of fossil fuel. Betii. 

Ax old writer has said:— "God looks not at the oratory 
of our prayers, how eloquent they are ; nor at their geometiy, 
how long they are ; nor at their arithmetic, how many they 
arc , nor at their logic, how methodical they are ; but he looks at 
their sincerity, how spiritual they are." 



pKiisCAfjiON and conviction are the ends which a public 
speaker should aim at. A good speech is stamped with 
simplicity, directness, and vigor of thought and expression. 
The discourse that moves a man to a pure life and noblo 
deeds is rhetorically correct. If a man would do, he must 
first le. 



h^^- 



h 




CrTJ^EILTILEI IlsTSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



131 



ET'^1^0XjOC3-ir 



^ 



THERE are few boys and girls who like to study grammar, 
there is something dry and uninteresting about it to most 
young minds, and when a pupil has "gone through" his gram- 
mar course, though he may be able to give the definitions of 
the various classes of words, and parse ordinary sentences with 
tolerable ease, his knowledge of the science of grammar is gen- 
erally very superficial ; and the fact is, an extensive acquaintance 
with language and the laws which govern it can not be acquired 
without long and very close study. 

You all know that grammar books contain four divisions 
or sections — orthography, etymology, syntax and prosody. 
Orthography, however, which simply means the correct spell- 
ing of words, is never taught in grammars, and etymology only 
very superficially ; the chief point with the small grammar 
book-makers seems to be to make the rules of syntax clear, that 
being the part of grammar which explains the relations which 
the several classes of words bear to each other and teaches the 
learner to parse etc. But after all, to acquire any very extend- 
ed knowledge of his native tongue, the English or American 
pupil must study etymology. 

The word Etymology is from the two Greek words etymon^ 
meaning root or primitive word, and logos^ a speech or discourse, 
so that etymology, in its extended signification, is that branch 
of the science of language which explains the roots or founda- 
tion of words themselves, and hence you see that, to have a 
good knowledge of the signification of words, an understanding 
of etymology is indispensable. 

In this article we intend to furnish you with the etymology 
of several words with which most of you are familiar, which 
will illustrate to you in a simple manner the value of etymologi- 
cal studies, and to begin we will take the word electric telerj-rapli. 
You all know that this is the name applied to an invention, by 
which with the use of certain signs or signals — a kind of 
abbreviated writing — messages can be instantly sent to or 
received from a place a long distance off. Well, the etymology 
of the word explains this, for electricity, from which electric is 
derived, is but another came for lightning; while telegraph is 
derived from the two Greek words tele^ meaning "afar" and 
grapho to write, hence, electric telegraph, as you now see by 
the root words from which it is derived, means to write or send 
words from a distance by lightning. There are many other 
words in which the root grapho enters, among which we may 
call your attention to photography, phonography, stenography, 
biography, lithography and autobiography. Graplto^ you see, 
enters into all these and means writing, or something equiv- 
alent to it. For instance you all know that a photograph is a 
picture produced by the action of light on a chemically prepar- 
ed plate or card. Now, the first portion of the word photo- 
graph — photo — is from the Greek photos, meaning light, and a 
photograph is the impression of something produced or written 
by light. 

In the word pronography, you again see the same root grapho 
— to write, and the entire word is composed of that, and the 
Greek word phone, meaning sound, and phonography is the 
name given to a system of shorthand writing, in which signs 
are used to represent the sounds uttered by a speaker. Steno- 
graphy is another name given to systems of shorthand not having 
sound for their basis, but which, by a series of abbreviations 
and arbitrary signs, represent the principal letters or combina- 
tion of letters in the words spoken. Here again, the etymology 
of the word fully explains its meaning, for it is derived from 
steiwSj short, and grapho, to write, and means, literally, a system 
of short writing. 

Biography means a written account of the life of an individ- 
ual, and the word is derived from hios life, and grapho. The 
word autobiography has the saiue derivation as the above, with 



the addition of atitos — one's self, and the word means an account 
of a person's life written by himself. 

You have all heard the word polygamy very often, and with- 
out going to its root words you know what it means. But its 
etymology is po?y, meaning several or many, and gamos, mar- 
riage. Monogamy, is the term applied to the one-wife system; 
and the word is derived from the root monon^ one or single, and 
gamos. 

The word neuralgia is another word in common use, the ety- 
mology of which forcibly explains its meaning. It comes from 
the two words neuron, a nerve, and algos, pain, and the word, 
as some of you perhaps know by painful experience, means a 
pain in the nerves. 

Microscope and telescope are two words whose etymology is 
worth remembering. You probably know that a microscope is an 
instrument used to examine objects that are far too small to be 
seen by the unassisted eye ; and microscope is derived from the 
two Greek words micros, small, and scopeo^ I see. A telescope is 
an instrument used to examine objects that are too distant to be 
seen distinctly by the unassisted eye ; and if you remember 
the derivation of the first part of the word telegraph, and com- 
bine with that the derivation of the latter part of the word 
microscope, you will know why the name tebscope was given 
to the instrument. 

You have all heard about, and some of you have sufl'ered 
from the power of, mobocrats, or mobocracy. The first part of 
this word — mob — a name now given to an assemblage of dis- 
orderly persons, is derived from the Latin language ; the latter 
part — "cracy," is from the Greek word krafeo^ to hold or 
govern, and mobocracy means mob power, or mob rule. The 
word ''theocracy" is from krateo^ and theos — ^God, and means, 
as you see by its roots, the rule or government of God. 
Democracy, is another English word in which the root hrateo 
enters ; the first part of the word is from the Greek demos — the 
people, and democracy means the government of the people. 
One word more in which this same root appears, that is aristo- 
cracy. This is derived from aristos, meaning best, and hrateo^ 
and means the government of the best. In the various national- 
ities of Europe the governing classes are called the aristocracy. 

All the preceding examples are from the Greek. Thousands 
more might be given from the same language, and as many 
might be furnished from the Latin, large numbers also from the 
German, Dutch, Anglo-Saxon, and other languages; but for 
fear of wearying you, we will conclude with just one or two 
from the Latin. 

ScriLo is a Latin word, meaning I write, and the Latin verb 
to write enters into a large number of English words, such as 
inscribe, to write in; subscribe, to write under. Also pre- 
scribe, describe, scribe and others. 

Just one example more and we have done, that is, "biscuit" 
— a word which all of you know the meaning of. In this coun- 
try the name biscuit is given to ordinary, soft bread, or rather 
cakes ; but in England the name biscuit is applied only to what, 
in this country, are called "crackers," that is hard-baked 
bread or bread in which there is no crumb. Now, if we allow 
the roots of the word biscuit to determine its meaning, we shall 
find that it is improperly used in this country, for it is derived 
from ii's', meaning twice, and ciiirc^ to cook, meaning, literally, 
bread that is twice cooked, or baked ; that is to say, if the 
ordinary soft bread be cooked, the biscuit or "cracker" has to 
be double or twice cooked. 

If this rough sketch, in illustration of the utility of etymo- 
logical studies, should induce you to pay more attention to them 
than you have hitherto done, it will, indirectly, be the means 
of making you more extensively acquainted with the true mean- 
ing of words and the correct use of language than you could 
ever hope to be in any other way ; and without this no man 
has the least claim to be considered an educated English 
scholar. 



^«l^- 



jr« 



'4^^' 



M' 13P- 

2^ 



JTJ'VEn^ILE IlsTSTI^/TJOTOiey, 



f 



]|e fu.6«tiil6 ittslfuc^oit. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, AUGUST 17, 1872. 

EiDiToi^i^L ts:otjc3-h:ts. 




HE T-wenty-fouitli of July is a day that, 

we hope, 'will always be remembered and 

commemorated by the people who dwell 

in these valleys. It was on that day, in 

the year 1847, that the Pioneers, led by 

President Brigham Young, emerged from 

Emigration Canyon and behold the waters 

of Great Salt Lake in the distance, and the 

valley stretching out before them. Well 

they sing in the words of the poet, Brother 

illiam Clayton, himself one of the Pioneers . 

i've found the place which God forus ].reparcd, 
I'ar away in the West; 
Hierc none shall come to hurt, nor make afraid : 
^iU^^' There the Saints will be lilest." 

ffivS—' Thoy were weary pilgrims, fleeing from persecution, 
and seeking amid these then desolate wilds that peace 
and freedom from attacks, which they could not have 
among so-called "Christians." From the month of 
February, 1840, about eighteen months previous, the leaders of 
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and many of 
the people had been wanderers without a fixed home. On this 
day they had, at last, found a place which God told them was 
the spot of which they were in search. Here, they were told 
was their future home to bo ; and here they have lived since 
that time, and the Saints from many lands have gathered and 
also found homes. It is most proper, therefore, that the day 
should always be honored by the children of the men who were 
thus led here. 

But this Twenty-fourth has been a sad one to the Saints in 
this city because of an accident. One of President I). H. Wells' 
.sons — George A. Wells — aged 12 years, was awakened early in 
the morning by some of his playmates, and went off with them 
to celebrate the day by burning powder. He had a pistol 
which he had borrowed of one of them, and which he had load- 
ed with powder and gravel. As he was a httle boy, his mother 
had always been careful to not let him have fire-arms for fear of 
accident. He did not, therefore, know much about handling a 
pistol. He had pointed it at some pigeons ; but thought it was 
only half-cock.^d, and while trying to put the hammer down on 
the cap, he turned the muzzle towards his person and it went 
off, the gravel entering his bowels. The pistol was doubtless 
full-cocked, and not half-cocked as he supposed, and he proba- 
bly touched the trigger in trying to put the hammer down. 
lie lived only a few hours after being shot. 

By this terrible accident one of the most promising boys of 
his age in the city was suddenly cut down, to the great grief of 
his parents and other relatives and friends. All who knew 
him loved him, and they would have done anything in their 
ix)wer to have saved him. But death hsd marked him for his 
prey, and he could not be kept here. 

The death of this youth conveys a lesson full of waniing to 
the living. Wby must we celebrate our holidays, such as the 
Fourth and the Twenty-fourth of July and Christmas and New 
Year's days, by burning powder, firing pistols, guns and fire- 
crackers? If we were the most barbarous people in the world, 
we coidd Dot celebrate them in a more .senseless way. On the 



*9. 



morning of such days no one cin sleep, for from daybreak and 
sometimes long before, the firing of guns and pistols is loud and 
constant. Such a way of keeping up a holiday is a nuisance, 
and we heartily wish that some other method of expressing joy 
could be adopted. In many large cities the authorities have 
passed laws against burning powder in this manner on such 
occasions. It is dangerous to property and life, many fii-es hav- 
ing been cau.sed by fire-crackers. 

We have no objection to the Juveniles learning to shoot guns 
and pistols when they have some careful person to teach them 
how to do so. Every young man should learn to handle weap- 
ons and to become skilled in their use ; for he may be called 
upon to defend himself and his country against foes. But 
shooting at random on a holiday will not give him this skill. 
WhOe the present practice prevails, little boys are apt to meet 
with accidents, because they will irequently get powder un- 
known to their parents and are liable to injure themselves or 
somebody else. A little boy of our acquaintance had a narrow 
escape from blindness by the explosion of powder on the Fourth 
of July. He was playing with some other boys, firing crackers 
and touching off powder, and while busy with his face near the 
ground blowing the end of a cracker to have it go off, one of 
his companions threw some fire in a pile of powder that was on 
the ground. It exploded in Johnny's face; very fortunately 
he shut his eyes in time to save the balls from being burned ; 
but his face was badly bUstered and he had a very sorry time of 
it for many days. 

Little readers, be careful in handling fire-arms and in using 
powder. They are made to destroy people. If you have occa- 
sion to use a weapon, even if it is not loaded, never point the 
muzzle towards yourself or any other person. Many persons 
have been killed by guns being pointed at them which were 
thought to be empty. Instead of disturbing the sick and 
annoying those who are well on holidays by the racket which 
guns, pistols and fire-crackers make, adopt some other method 
of celebration which is not so noisy and dangerous. If you do 
so you will enjoy yourselves quite as well. 



IN looking over the contents of this number of the L»^sxEUC- 
TOR, .vou will find one article headed "Talleyrand and 
Arnold." Do not fail to read that, boys and girls, for it shows 
the fate that awaits traitors — a fate from which not one of them 
can escape, and hence the lesson taught by this short extract 
can not be other than salutary. 

Talleyrand is a name famous in modern French history, for 
he was created a jjrince by the first Napoleon and for a number 
of years was one of his chief ministers of State. Before that 
time, however — during the Reign of Terror in France, Talley- 
rand, while Bishop of Autun, was proscribed by the authorities 
and, to save his life, had to leave his native country ; and 
before embarking at Havre, the singular interview between him 
and Arnold, the history of which you have in this number, 
took place. Having exjilained this much about Talleyrand, we 
will give a few words to Arnold. 

Benedict Arnold is a name that its owner will be ashamed of, 
perhaps for ever, for he was the man who, during the war of 
independence waged by the American colonies against Great 
Britain, sought to betray his country by delivering into the 
hands of the British, West Point, on the Hudson — one of the 
strongest military posts in the colonics, which, it was expect- 
ed, would have been a deathblow to the hopes of the revolu- 
tionists. Tiie plot was discovered and the agent of the British 
in the transaction — Major Andre, was put to death b.v Wash- 
ington ; but Anjold made his escape to England and, for his 
treachery to his country, was well rewarded by his country's 
foes; but although wealth.?, and a man of great ability and 
high rank in the military profession, he was scorned by all. 
His name became a hiss and a byeword among his countrymen, 



:^2^ 



'ir 



CrTJ^E3iTILE IlsTSTI^/TJOTOie/, 



IS 3 



and in England ke was thoroughly despised and never admitted 
into honorable society on account of his treachery. Such was 
the fate of the traitor Benedict Arnold, and when found by 
Talleyrand, he was as he represented, and even worse than 
that, for he was a man without a "single friend," not only in 
" all America," but, probably in all the world. 

This is the doom of all traitors. There have been numbers 
of them in this Church, from the days of the Prophet Joseph 
until to-day. What has become of those of the past ? They 
are forgotten, or if remembered at all, their names are covered 
with shame that time, in all the ages of its flight, will never 
obliterate or eradicate. However bright the prospects before 
them when, Judas-like, they deserted the cause of truth and 
sought to destroy their former friends, those prospects faded, 
and they soon found themselves without a friend in the world. 
No person can respect traitors to any cause ; they arc despised 
and scorned by all men. They can not trust one another, and 
go where they may, the evidence of their infamy cleaves to 
them like the mark placed by the finger of Omnipotence upon 
Cain the murderer. 

Look at the traitors in our midst to-day — the men who have 
apostatized from the kingdom, and are now seeking its over- 
throw and the destruction of those whom they formerly called 
brethren. Where can you find a more despicable set? No- 
where on earth. They cling together, but they have neither 
faith in nor friendship for each other. Good men, here and 
everywhere else, "Mormons" or outsiders, despise them. Like 
Arnold they have not a true friend anywhere in the world, and 
like him and Judas Iscariot their names will be handed down 
to everlasting shame and disgrace ; and this being the inevit- 
able doom of traitors, we therefore say that the lesson taught 
in the sketch of the two notables published in this numbei', is 
worth remembering. 



TSIE K.OBI3sr 



IN the middle of the last number of the "Juvenile" there 
was, as you remember, a beautiful little engraving of children 
gathering flowers. This week you have one quite as attractive, 
and one which you will all admire, for Kobin Kedbreast is a 
great favorite wherever he is found. You know how general 
is the love of flowers, and it is about the same with birds. 
They are all so fragile and innocent, you can not help loving 
them, and we never knew a boy or girl who did not like them. 
When you hear the song of a bird, no matter whether it be a 
single chirp, or a glorious warble and trill, such as the nightin- 
gale, lark or canary pours forth, you can not help loving it. 
There is a great variety of birds, but they are all graceful, and 
no matter whether their feathers are gaudy as the tiny hum- 
ming bird, or plain as the sparrow, thay have a power to win 
the love and kindness of those who behold them that few other 
things in the WQrld possess. What a beautiful little creature 
the canary isl His feathers are as yellow and brilliant as l)urn- 
ished gold, and his song is delightful to listen to. He is the 
pet of and is admired by all. 

In this country the small native birds are more noted for the 
beauty of their plumage than for the sweetness of their song. 
In Europe it is just the opposite — their sweet song and nut the 
beauty of their plumage is the great attraction there. You can not 
find any native bird there that, for a beautiful appearance, can 
compare with the humming bird, numbers of which you may 
see almost any day by taking a stroll on the hills ; and you 
would hunt in vain here for a bird with a song that, for sweet- 
ness, can compare with the nightingale or lark, both common 
in England. But of all the song birds of Great Britain none is 
such a general favorite as the one represented by the above 
engraving — the Ilobiu, his pet name being Robin Redbreast. 
This is not because of his fine song, for that, though sweet, is 



nothing to that of the lark, thrush, blackbird, nightingale and 
others. 

There are several reasons why the Robin has such a firm 
friend in man. Many other birds are migratory, that is, they 
fly ofi' to warm climates when Winter comes. Not so with the 
redbreast. In the Winter season, with its cold and snow, and 
leafless trees, Robin very often seeks shelter in the farm- 
houses. He makes his wants known by pecking at the win- 
dows, and he sometimes flies in, and gladly picks up the crumbs 
that are strewn on the floor for him. Quite frequently, too, in 
the fields and gardens, he will hop and chirp around the work- 
men, and so shows his friendship and love for his human fellow- 
creatures. Robin has some other curious features in his 
character, that seem very much at variance with what has been 
said of him, for while many other kinds of the small birds live 
together harmoniously in large numbers, and show no disposi- 
tion for human society and friendship, Robin lives alone, 
always quarrels and fights with his own kind, never leaves the 
country for warmer climates, and in the cold season, as we have 
already said, acknowledges his helplessness by seeking the aid 
of human friends. You may be sure that he never seeks help 
in vain, and it is this very characteristic that makes everybody 
his friend. 

Nearly all tLe poets of Britain have had something to say 
about Robin, and so much is he loved by the people, that a 




common saying among them is that misfortune or bad luck of 
some kind is sure to overtake him who kills or harms a Robin. 
This of course, is nonsense, but it shows what a favorite this 
bird is. He is quite a handsome little fellow too, so far as 
plumage is concerned, nothing, however, like the beauties to 
be found in some parts of this country. His throat and lireast 
are of a deep reddish orange color; his belly is white, his head 
and the upper parts of his body are brown, tinged with olive ; 
his eyes are large, black and sparkling ; his bill slender. Robin 
builds his nest near the ground, by the roots of trees, and 
sometimes in old buildings, and always conceals it from view as 
artfully as possible. His song consists of only one or two notes, 
but they are very pleasing, and are most commonly heard when 
the shades of evening are advancing. 

Alluding to the Robin's habit of seeking shelter and food 
from and with human kind, in the cold season of the year, one 
of the poets says : 

"Half afraid, he first 
Against tlie wiudow licala, tlicu brisli uli^Mils 
()u tliewanii licartli; tlicn, lioprini; o'er tlu' tloor 
KyoB all the smiling family askance, 
And pieks, and etarlB, and wonders where he is : 
Till, more familiar grown, llic table eniralis 
Attract his slender feet." 

In this cfiuntrv there is a benutiiiil little liird called the 



^ 



f 



-^^fi 



134 



j"TJ^EivriiL.E insrsT^e/TjoTOi^. 



"Blue Kedbreast," but he lacks those traits of character •which 
make the English Kobiu such a very general fiivorite. 



{Conduded.) 



WE shall now relate to you, very briefly, the particulars of a 
siogular case of circumstantial evidence, which occurred iu 
the City of York, England. A Mrs. Hannah ^Yhite, -who kept 
a public house, had a waiter named Thomas Geddeley. One 
morning this mau was missing, and at the same time the money 
safe of Mrs. White was found brokea open and robbed. In 
those days raUways and telegraphs were not invented, and it 
wag not so easy to track and discover criminals as it is now, and 
efforts to discover Geddeley were fruitless. About a year 
after, a man calling himself James Crow made his appearance 
in York, and he so closely resembled the missing Geddeley that 
people who had known the latter, believed Crow to be Geddeley 
under another name. Under this impression Crow was 
arrested, and Mrs. White and the servant maid at the public 
house both swore that he was Geddeley ; and, to cut the matter 
short, although the man declared that he was not Geddeley and 
that he had never been in I'ork before, ho was tried and hang- 
ed for the robbery. 

A short time after, the real Thomas Geddeley was arrest- 
ed for robbery in Dublin, and was condemned to death, 
and before his execution he confessed that he had robbed Mrs. 
White, at York, thus, when too late, proving the innocence of 
the unfortunate man who had been executed on circumstantial 
evidence only. 

Another most extraordinary case was that which led to the 
death of a man named Jonathan Bradford, an innkeeper in 
Oxfordshire, England, the main particulars of which are as 
follows : 

One night three gentlemen stayed at Bradford's inn, one of 
whom, named Hayes, happened, during conversation, to say 
that he was traveling with a large sum of money on liim. Mr. 
Hayes slept in a room by himself, and the other two gentlemen, 
in an adjoining room. Shortly after going to bed, these two 
were disturbed by hearing moans and groans in the room 
adjoining theirs, as if some person were in great pain and suf- 
fering. As the groans continued, they got out of their beds, 
got a light and went to the room from which the groans issued, 
and there found Mr. Hayes, dripping with blood, in the agonies 
of death, the landlord of the inn, Bradford, standing over him, 
with a bloody knife in his hand, as if he had just done the 
murder. Mr. Hayes died, ani Bradford was arrested and 
tried for the murder. He declared his innocence to the last, 
saying in his defence that, having heard jrroaus in the room, he 
had gone there to see what was the matter, and he found Mr. 
Hayes in the condition already described. This story did not 
help him, for circumstances seemed to point so strongly to his 
guilt, that he was condemned and executed. 

Eight mouths after, the innocence of Bradford was proved, 
for the valet of Mr. Mayes, who was with him at the inn in 
Oxfordshire, confessed, while on his death-bed, that he mur- 
dered and robbed his master. 

One of the most remarkable cases of the death of an innocent 
party through circumstantial evidence, occurred in France, near 
the close of the last century, the victim being a man of moder- 
ate fortune name Joseph Lesurques, who, with his wife and 
three children, arrived in the city of Paris, with the intention 
of residing there, on the 23d of April, 1796. Four days later 
— on the 27th — four mounted wen, dressed in long cloaks and 
wearing sabre, were seen to leave Paris, as if on a party of 
pleasure, going iu the diroolion of the forest of Leuart— the 



COL 



road taken by the coach from Paris to Lyons. At several 
places between Paris and the forest of Lenart these four horse- 
men stopped to drink liquor and partake of refreshments, at 
one of which, one of them got his spur mended, and at another, 
one of them left his sabre, forgetting it, and about an hour 
after galloped back for it. These circumstances, trivial and un- 
important in themselves, afterwards became important, and led 
to the conviction of the perpetrators of a terrible crime. 

On the morning after the above the mail coach to Lyons was 
found robbed of its contents, the courier dead, from a wound 
through his heart ; the driver also dead, his head cut open, his 
right hand split in two, and three wounds in his breast. Some 
of the wounds had evidently been made with sabres. 

The committal of such a dreadful crime caused intense indig- 
nation, and the officers of justice made every effort to discover 
the guilty parties, and they quickly learned that five persons had 
passed the barrier of Eambouillet, proceeding to Paris, at an 
early hour of the morning on which the murder and robbery 
were discovered. They also learned that, on the same morning, 
four horses, quite tired and covered with foam, had been 
returned by two persons to a livery stable, where they had been 
hired the evening before. The names of the men who deliver- 
ed the horses were Bernard and Couriol, the former of whom 
was promptly arrested, Couriol escaped, but was afterwards 
traced to a distant town, and arrested, a sum of money being 
found on him equal to about a third of that taken from the 
coach. At the house in which Couriol was staying when 
arrested, was a man named Guesno, a carrier, who was also 
taken in charge by the officers on suspicion of being connected 
with the murder; but when taken before the justice at Paris, 
Guesno fully satisfied him of his innocence, and he was dis- 
charged, but he had to wait until next morning for certain 
papers which had been seized when he was arrested, and for 
which he was directed to apply on the following morning to the 
magistrate who discharged him. And now commences the 
singular part of this most singular case of circumstantial evi- 
dence. 

This man Guesno was a friend of Mr. Lesurques, and it hap- 
pened that, while he was on the way to the police office to 
obtain his papers, on the morning following his discharge, he 
met Lesurques, and they walked to the office together; and 
whUe conversing together there, awaiting the arrival of the 
magistrate, they were noticed by two women waiting in the 
office, summoned as witnesses in the same murder case for 
which Guesno had been arrested. 

Y'ou will remember, it was stated above, that the four horse- 
men while traveling in the direction of the forest of Lenart, 
stayed at several places for refreshments. Well, these women 
were servants at two of those places, and when they saw Guesno 
and Lesurques together in the police office, they both declared 
to the magis rate that in them they recognized two of these 
horsemen. Guesno and Lesurques were forthwith arrested and 
they, Couriol, and two others subsequently arrested, were all 
brought to trial, during the course of which most of them 
were sworn to by the witnesses; but Guesno proved his 
innocence and was discharged. Lesurques produced about 
fifteen witnesses, respectable citizens of Paris, who swore that 
on the day of the murder, they were in his company at his 
house, or theirs, a:!d that it was impossible for him to have 
been at the scene of murder. At the close of the trial one of 
the prisoners, Couriol, confessed his own euilt, and declared 
that Lesurques was not guilty, but that he very much re- 
sembled one who took part in the crime, named Dubosq, who 
had made his escape. Similar evidence was also afforded by 
one of the witnesses, but it was not believed, and they were 
all five condemned, Lesurques and two of the others to death, 
the other two to imprisonment. 

Some J ears alter, the man Pubosq was captured, charged with 
being one of the murderers of the courier and coachman, and 



^W' 



a-TJ"VESlsrZLS IlNTSTK^TJOTOie/. 




was identified by one of the principal •witnesses against 
Lesurques, who then declared that she had been mistaken when 
she testified against Lesurques. Dubosq was fried and con- 
demned and, seeing no hope of escape, he confessed that he 
was guilty, and that Lesurques had had no hand in committing 
the crime. 

Our young readers will have seen, by these hasty sketches of 
the most noted cases of circumstantial evidence on record, how 
serious a responsibility rests upon ihose who take part in crim- 
inal trials, whether as witnesses, jurymen, or judges; and that 
however strong and conclusive circumstantial evidence may 
seem, there is often imminent danger of inflicting irreparable 
injury and wrong on our fellow creatures, by condemning them 
to death, or life-long misery and punishment, for crimes of 
which they are innocent. 



h: X s 



T O IR "Z" O IF 
O HITJ IR. O HI. 

{Continued.) 



T BE E] 



THE plan which President Young proposed was that the 
Camp of Israel proceed to a point on Grand River, and 
fence in a large field, build a number of log cabins, plow some 
land and put in Spring crops, and thus spend the time till the 
weather settled, then select men and families to take care of the 
improvements while the rest of the camp should proceed west- 
ward. He also proposed to send men back from Grand River 
to look out a new and better road, so that the companies which 
were coming out from Nauvoo might avoid the bad roads, 
creeks and settlements through which the leading camp had 
passed. The settlement on Grand River could be made a stop- 
ping place for those who had not sufficient means to proceed on 
their journey. 

I'he Saints, as you know, left Nauvoo in February; from 
that time until the 19th of April no out-door meeting had been 
held. The weather had been too severe to hold such meetings. 
That day was Sunday, and it was fine. A meeting was called 
and the Saints felt that it was a great privilege to assemble 
together once more. But do you not think that when the 
weather was so inclement, President Young had good reasons 
to propose spending the time at Grand River untU the weather 
settled? But, though they held an out-door meeting on the 
19th of April, the day was not altogether fine. The 10th of 
May was the first Sunday which they had from the time of 
leaving Nauvoo, that was entirely free from storms. 

On the 24th of April a place for a settlement was selected on 
Grand River, to which the name of Garden Grove was given. 
At the council, which was held two days after, three hundred 
and fifty-nine laboring men were reported in camp, besides 
trading commissaries and herdsmen. From these one hundred 
were selected to make rails under the superintendence of C. C. 
Rich, James Pace, Lewis D. Wilson and Stephen Markham. 
Ten, under James Allred, were appointed to build fences. 
Forty-eight, under Father John Smith, to build houses. 
Twelve, under Jacob Peart, to dig wells. Ten, under A. P. 
Rockwood, to build bridges. The remainder, under the direc- 
tion of Daniel Spencer, to be employed in clearing land, plow- 
ing and planting. There was no room for idlers there. The 
camp was like a hive of bees, every one was busy. And 
withal, the people felt well and were happy. President Young 
was full of zeal and courage himself, and his example had a good 
effect upon the rest. When the weather became favorable, 
meetings were often held, and the people were instructed and 
encouraged. At a meeting at Garden Grove he told the Saints 
fh;i! -lime had turned back, and perhaps more would, but he 
hoiJ-J better things of them. Said he : 

" We have set out to find a land and a resting place, where 



we can serve the Lord in peace. We will leave somo here, 
because they cannot go farther at present. They can stay here 
and recruit, and by and by pack up and come on, while we go a 
little farther and lengthen out the cords and build a few more 
stakes ; and so continue on until we can gather all the Saints, 
and plant them in a place where we can build the house of the 
Lord in the tops of the mountains." 

At the same meeting he said : 

" I know that if this people will be united and will hearken 
to counsel, the Lord will give them every desire of their hearts. 
The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof, and He 
intends that the Saints shall possess it as soon as they are able 
to bear prosperity." 

These words have been strictly fulfilled thus far. Notwith- 
standing the many weaknesses of which the people have been 
guilty, when they have repented Ho has forgiven them, and He 
has granted unto them, thus far, every righteous desire of their 
hearts. He has also prospered and enriched them, and given 
them a foretaste of the blessings He has in store for them if 
they will be faithful to Him. 

While founding a settlement and providing a stopping place 
for the Saints who could not, for the want of means, proceed 
farther on their journey, President Young and his brethren of 
the Twelve Apostles were not forgetful of what they had to do 
towards finding a final resting place. At Garden Grove Presi- 
dent Young had an examination made to learn what available 
means there was in camp to furnish an outfit for one hundred 
young men to go over the Rocky Mountains to put in crops. 
This appeared to rest constantly on his mind, and though this 
company of pioneers was not fitted out that year, for various rea- 
son which we will explain as we proceed with thia history, yet 
President Young never lost sight of it for an hour ; but all his 
plans and movements shaped to that end. At Garden Grove 
he had a list of articles made out which would be required for 
an outfit. Each man was to have two hundred and fifty pounds 
of flour, with other necessary articles in proportion ; and every 
four persons were to have one wagon, four oxen or mules and 
one cow. 

Speaking upon this subject of a company going ahead. Presi- 
dent Young told the Saints in public meeting that : 

"When the removal westward was in contemplation at 
Nauvoo, had the brethren submitted to our [the Twelve 
Apostles'] counsel, and brought their teams and means and 
authorized me to do with them as the Spirit and wisdom of the 
Lord directed, then we could have fitted out a company of men, 
who were not encumbered with large families, and sent them 
over the mountains to put in crops and build houses, and the 
residue could have gathered, beginning with the Priesthood, 
and the gathering continued from j'ear to year, building and 
planting at the same time. Were matters to be so conduct- 
ed, none would be found crying for bread, or destitute of 
clothing; but all would be provided for, as designed by the 
Almighty. But instead of taking this course the Saints have 
crowded on us all the while, and have completely tied our hands 
by importuning and saying, ' Do not leave us behind. Wher- 
ever you go we want to go, and be with you;' and thus our 
hands and feet have been bound, which has caused our delay 
to the present time ; and now hundreds at Nauvoo are contin- 
ually praying and importuning with the Lord that they may 
overtake us, and be with us. And just so it is with the Saints 
here. They are afraid to let us go on and leave them behind ; 
forgetting that they have covenanted to help the poor away at 
the sacrifice of all their property." 

Elder Samuel Bent was appointed to preside at Garden 
Grove, and Elders Aaron Johnson and David Fullmer were 
appointed as his counsellors. It was also voted that each man 
who remained there should have his land assigned to him by 
the Presidency in proportion to the number of his family. 
{To he continued.) 




1^ 






136 



cttj^eiltiIjE insrsTie/TJOTOiL. 



-A. IR. IsT O Xj ID . 



j^nsrx) 



THEKE was a day when Talleyrand arrived in Havre, hot 
foot from Paris. It was the darkest hour of the French 
Kevolution. Pui-sued by the bloodhounds of the Eeign of 
Terror, stripped of every vestige of power or property, he 
secured a passage to America in a ship about to sail. He was 
going, a wanderer in a strange land, to earn his bread by 
labor. 

"Is there an American staying at your house?" he asked 
the landlord of the hotel. "I am bound across the water, and 
would like a letter to a person of influence in the New World," 

The landlord hesitated a moment, and then replied; 

"There is a gentleman up-stairs who is either an American 
or an Englishman, but which I cannot tell." 

He pointed the way, and Talleyracd — who in his life was 
Bishop, Prince and Prime jMinister — ascended the stairs. A 
miserable suppUant, he stood at the stranger's door — knocked 
and entered. 

"In the far comer of a dimly-lighted room sat a man of some 
fifty years, his arms folded and his head bowed on his breast. 
From a window directly opposite a flood of light poured over 
his forehead. He gazed in Talleyrand's face from beneath his 
downcast brows with a peculiar and searching expression. Ilis 
fane was striking in its outline ; the mouth and chin indicative 
of an iron will ; his form, vigorous even with the snows of fifty 
winters, was clad in a rich and distinguished costume. 

Talleyrand advanced — confessed that he was a fugitive — and 
that, under the impression that the gentleman before him was 
an American, he solicited his kind and feeling offices. He 
poured forth his history in eloquent French and broken English; 

" I am a wanderer — an exile. I am forced to fly to the New 
World without a friend or hope. You are an American. 
Give me, then, I beseech you, a letter, that I may be able to 
cam my bread. I am willing to toil in any manner — the scenes 
in Paris have filled me with such horror that a life of labor 
would be paradise to a career of luxury in France. You will 
give me a letter to one of your friends. A gentleman like you 
has, doubtless, many friends." 

The strange gentleman rose. With a look that Talleyrand 
never forgot, he retreated towards the door of the next cham- 
ber, his head still downcast, his eyes still looking from behind 
his darkened brow. Ho spoke as he retreated backward, and 
his voice was full of meaning, 

" I am the only man bora in the New World who can raise 
his hands to God and say ; ' I have not a single friend, not 
one, in all America." 

Talleyrand never forgot the overwhelming sadness of the look 
which accompanied these words. 

"Who are you?" he cried, as the strange man retreated 
towards the next room. " Your name?" 

"My name," he said, with a smile which had more of 
mockery than of joy in its convulsive expression, "my name is 
Benedict Arnold!" 

He had gone. Talleyrand sank in a chair, gasping the 
words : 

"Arnold, the traitorl" 

Thus he wandered over the earth — another Cain, with a mur- 
derer's mark upon his brow. The last twenty years of his life 
are covered with a cloud, from whose darkness but a few 
gleams of light flash out ujinn the page of history. 

.Selected. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 1.3 i.s POECUPINE. 
Correct solutions have been received from Josei)h. H. Pari-y, 
John Q. Cannon, Franklin J. Cannon, Henry C. Ban-cll 
and James H. Anderson, Salt liake City. 



SeUcl^J Podcg* 



Mother, watch the little feet 
Climbing o'er the garden wall, 

Bounding through the busy street, 
Ranging cellar, shed and hall; 

Never mind the moments lost; 

Never mind the time it costs; 

Little feet will go astray: 

Guide them, mother, while yon may. 

Jlother! watch the little hand 

Picking berries by the way, 
Making houses in the sand, 

Tossing up the fragrant hay ; 
Never dare the question ask, 
"Why to me the weary task V" 
These same little hands may prove 
Messengers of light and love. 

Mother! watch the little tongue, 

I'ratmg eloquent and wild ; 
What is said and what is sunt; 

By the joyous, happy child. 
Catch the word while yet unspoken, 
.Stop the vow before 'tis broken -, 
This same tongue may yet proclaim 
Blessings in the Savior's name. 

.Mother! watch the little heart. 
Beating soft and warm for you ; 

Wholesome lessons now impart; 
Keep, O keep that young heart true! 

Extricating every weed, 

Sowing good and precious seed ; 

Harvest rich you then may see 

Ripen for eternity. 



Hold not thy head too high, my friend, 

For surely you must know. 
The heaviest heads of wheat will bend 

The cock on which they grow ; 
And everywhere the loveliest flowers 

Bloom nearest to the ground — 
The sweetest songsters "of the wood 

In lowly shades abound. 

Hold not thy head too hinli, my friend. 

Though rich in land or sold;" 
The throngs that on thy steps attend 

Speak not the thoughts they hold ; 
Their tnie respect is only paid 

Where worthiness they see — 
Whose deferential bows are made 

I uto thy wealth, not thee! 

Hold not thy head too high, my friend, 

What'er thy station here ; 
Kor brain will triumph in the end— 

What then will be thy sphere! 
We envy not the lordly tread, 

Nor at thy lot repine; 
Who could not hoUl erect a head 

That weighs so light as thine ? 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVEKY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CcORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A. PUSLISHEFF. 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 HO. 

»»- Crain brouRlit to thin City for tlic .IiivKNir.E In.structor will bo 
ii-wivcd at the olTlcc of our paper— Deskhkt Nkws Buildings. 



^^-c%^- 




