aoLiNBsa wo 3?EBL0BD, 



r 




u^ ^-c^e^~ 






\\\\ 



TM 



'_>r-^}' 



"^^^. 



NJG t \ 






% 



QL^ 



"^J 



VOL XII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1877. 



NO. 6. 



EL^s^iNrnsi^A-H: ipi^jlyzzstcb- iisr the TEnvTZPLE. 



IHE reader-* nf tlie IxsTurnoR 1i;ive often lie.-n told in o'lr I it is to appeal to God in iirayer for anj'thing that tlie3' really 
. pages as well as by iheir parents aud tea/hers how necessary I desire to have granted unto them. No doubt, too, many of 





-1^\ 




vJTJ'VElSriIL.E! in^STI^TJOTOI^, 




them have had proofs that God hears and answers jirayer, ia 
having their petitions granted. The Bible affords us many 
examples of the efficacy of prayer, one of which we will here 
give. 

There was a certain worthy and devout man named Elkanah, 
who had two wives, one ot whom was named Hannah and the 
other Peniunah. Hannah for many years was childless, 
although the dearest wish of her heart was that she might be 
permitted to bear a son. She felt very sorrowful on account 
of this privilege being denied her, and at times fretted and 
wept and even refused to eat when thinking of it. Her sorrow 
was probably increased by the fact that Peninnah, her hus- 
band's other wife, had a number of children, and in this 
respect, at least appeared to be the more favored of the two. 
Elkanah, however, did all he could to comfort Plannah, and 
manifest his love towards her, and when making presents to 
his children, he gave to her a double portion. He also reproved 
her in the mo.-t gentle and loving manner for weeping and 
going without food, and asked her if he was not better to her 
than ten sons; but still she refused to be pacified. 

Elkanah made a practice of going to Shiloh with his family 
every year to worship in the temple at that place. On one 
occasion when they were in Shiloh, Hannah entered the 
temple and prayed to the Lord in secret, and with great 
earnestness for the desire of her heart to be granted. And 
she made a vow to the Lord that if He would look upon her 
affliction and give her a son, she would give him unto the 
Lord all the days of his life. A priest named Eli, who was in 
the temjde, saw her in the attitude of prayer, and noticed her 
lips moving, and, not knowing who she was, suspected that 
she was dnmk, and so accused her. But Hannah assured him 
that .'^he had not tasted strong drink, but was pouring out her 
soul before the Lord. Then Eli said, "Go in peace: and the 
God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked of 
him.'" After Hannah had thus iirayed to the Lord in fivith 
and received the assurance from the man of God that her 
prayer would be answered, she felt no more sorrow, but went 
away cheerfully, and could partake of her food as well as 
ever, not doubting but her petition would be granted. And 
so it was. In due time she had a son born to her, whom she 
called Samuel, which means ''Asked of God." 

After that when Elkanah and his family made their annual 
journey to Shiloh to offer sacrifice, Hannah refused to go, 
until her .son was old enough to wean, when she was deter- 
mined that she would fulfill her vow by giving him unto the 
Lord. Accordingly, when young Samuel was weaned, she 
took him to Shiloh and presented him to the Lord, that he 
miglit be used in ll's service; and her joy was .so great that she 
prayed and sang, instead of weeping as she had done when 
there before. The boy Samuel was left at the temple at 
Shiloh, under the care of the priest Eli, and his parents 
returned home. Hannah was a''terwards blessed with other 
children — three sons and two daughters — but her affection for 
Samuel did not diminish, and each year when .she visited him 
at the temple, she took him a little coat that she made for 
him. Samuel was a good boy, and, no doubt, his mother's 
joy at seeing him grow up .serving God was far greater than her 
sorrow had been when she despaired of having any children. 
Samuel aftorwards became a great prophet, and his history, 
as we find it in the Bible, is quite interesting to read. 

Our engraving represents Hannah in the act of praying to 
the Lord in the Temple, the expression of her face indica- 
ting the earnestness and sincerity of her appeal; while the 
priest, Eli, is also to be seen watching her. 



t0iir 



anhg. 



IP K. o 1= h: E T . 



THE 



(^Continued.) 



rPHE report opens with a statement of the circumstances 



under which the Saints had settled in Clay County, and 



that a crisis had come, and that duty to the old settlers, their 
families and the best interests of the County demanded the 
removal of the Saints from the County. Among other things 
set forth as reasons why they should leave, we find the following: 
"They are eastern men, whose manners, habits, customs and 
even dialect, are essentially different from our own. They 
are non slaveholders, and opposed to slavery, which in this 
peculiar period, when abolitionism has reared its deformed and 
haggard visage in our land, is well ealcvdated to excite deep 
and abiding prejudices in any community where slavery is tol- 
erated and protected. In addition to all this, they are charged^ 
as they have heretofore been, wjth keeping u|i a constant com- 
munication with the Indian tribes on our frontier; with declar- 
ing, even from the pulpit, that the Indians are a part of God's 
chosen people, and are destined by heaven to inherit this land 
in common with themselves." 

These charges were the only ones made against the Saints; 
if we may except that they were charged with having encour- 
aged tlie rapid emigration of their brethren and sisters, and 
having purchased lands and offered to purchase in the County, 
and given evidence of a desire to settle there permanently. 

The Saints were compelled to leave the County because they 
were eastern men and non-slaveholders. Since then armies 
led by eastern generals have traversed the State, freeing the 
slaves and inflicting all the horrors of civil war upon the peo- 
ple. By compelling the Saints to leave, they hoped to escape 
civil war and to be able to live in peace and to be unmolested 
in their enslavement of the blacks; but how cruelly they 
deceived themselves, or .suffered the devil to deceive them, 
the events of the past few years have jiroved! 

They .suggested the Territory of Wisconsin, as a suitable 
place for the Saints to move to; Wisconsin not being a State at 
that time, and having but few inhabitants; but they said: "We 
do not contend that we have the least right, under the consti- 
tution and laws of the country, to expel them by force." 

The report and resolutions were submitted to our people, and 
a meeting of the Elders was called on the 1st of July. A pre- 
amble and resolutions were drawn up and submitted to the 
meeting. These wore mild and kind in their tone, and defend- 
ed the people against the cruel charges which were made 
against the Saints. The brethren resolved to leave the County 
as soon as they could, and to use their exertions to have the 
Church do the same. The citizensof Clay County held another 
meeting, at which thev accepted the preamble and resolutions 
adopted by the Eiders at their meeting, as perfectly satis- 
factory. 

During the months of September and October following, the 
Saints commenced moving from Clay County to Shoal Creek. 
AVhen they first moved there, that country was attached to Kay 
County. There were only about seven men in that County at 
the time the Saints concluded to settle there. These men 





CTTJ'VEn^ILE! I:N"ST I?.TJOT OK. 



63 





were bee-hunters, and lived at various points on Shoal Creek 
and its branches. Honey-bees were wild in that countrj', and 
thej' made their hives in hollow trees in the woods. These men 
followed the business of tracking them and gathering the honey. 
They were ready to sell out to the Saints, as, they said, they 
had found all the honey there was there, the timber not being 
very plentiful. Before the Saints moved there, they bought 
out these men, which left the whole country unoccupied. 
This country was not thought to be worth much by the people 
of jNIissouri, because there was but little timber there, and it 
was scattered along the banks of the creeks. To the Saints, 
however, it was a home, which after their wanderings and per- 
secutions, they could enjoy- They gathered there in consider- 
able numbers, and in December they petitioned the Legislature 
of the State of Jlissouri to liave it incorporated as a new County. 
This was granted during that month, and the Cnunty was named 
Caldwell.' The brethren commenced entering V. S. land, with 
a view to preemption, aodbu'^ied themselves during the Fall 
and Winter in building houses and preparing to put in crops in 
the Spring. The city of Far West was laid out, and in the 
Spring of 1807 some preparations were made for the building 
of a House of the Lord in that city. The ground for this 
edifice was broken, and the cellar nearly finished, on the .Ord ot 
July. 

On the 2nth of July. 18:16, Joseph, accompanied by his 
brother Hyrum and Sidney Rigdou and Oliver Cowdery, lefc 
Kirtland fortheEast. They stopped at Salem, Massachusetts, 
about a month, teaching the people from house to house, and 
]>reacliing publicly as opportunity offered. While they were ai 
this city, they were visited by President Brigham Young, who 
had been through New York, Yermont and 3[assachusetts, in 
company with his brother Joseph. They had visited their 
relatives in that country, and had baptized a good number. 

In the beginning of 1837 the "Kirtland Safety Society" was 
organized as a Banking Institution, and commenced the issue 
of notes. Joseph afterwards resigned his position in the 
"Safety Society," and withdrew from the institution, being 
fully convinced, as he said, after so long an experiment, that no 
institution of the kind, established upon just and righteous 
principles, for a blessing not only to the Church but the whole 
nation, would be suffered to continue its operations in such an 
age of darkness, speculation and wickedness. 

During this winter ( 18or]-7) the House of the Lord at Kirt- 
land was filled to overflowing on .'Sundays with attentive hear- 
ers, mostly members of the Church. On Sunday evenings the 
singers met in the Hou.se. Oq Monday evenings the quorum of 
High Priests met in one of the rooms of the upper story. On 
Tuesday evenings the Seventies occupied the same room. 
The Elders met there on Wednesday evenings, and on Thurs- 
day evenings a prayer meeting was held in the lower part of 
the House. Besides these meetings, the Twelve, the High 
Council and other quorums generally held their meeting once 
each week to transact business. 

In the early jiarr of the summer of 1S:;7, the sjjirit of si)ec- 
ulation in lands and ))roi>erty of all kinds took possession of 
many men in the Church at Kiitland. It was the beginning 
of a season of trial which stands unequalled in the history of 
the Church, and which those who passed through it will never 
forget. Evil surmisings, fault-finding, disunion, di.ssension 
and apostasy following in quick succession, as the fruits of the 
spirit which prevailed. It seemed as though all the iiowersot 
earth and hell were combining their influence to an itxtraordi- 
nary extent to overthrow the Church at once and to make a final 
1 of the work of (Jod. No quorum in the Church was 



entirely exempt from the influence of those false spirits who 
were striving against Joseph for the mastery. The enemy 
abroad, and apostates in the midst of the Saints, were united 
together in their schemes. I>isobedience to counsel brought 
many evils upon the people, but instead of their ascribing 
them to the true cause, they became di.saffected towards Joseph, 
and looked upon him as the man who had brought all their 
trouble upon them 1 Even some of the Twelve Ajiostles were 
so far lost to their high and responsible cn.Uing that they began 
to take sides secretly with the enemy. They had turned spec- 
ulators, and had lost the spirit of their calling and of the work. 
( To be Confinued. ) 



^jYiivtln hi |(iu!ia. 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 



( ijontimied. ) 



AN obelisk is erected on the site of the ''black hole" of 
Calcutta, where one hundred and twenty-three English 
men were .suffocated in nne night. 

As many of the children may be unacquainted with the 
history of thi? event, I shall briefly narrate the circumstances 
which led to this unfortuTiate aflfair. On the 0th day of April, 
A. V>. 17.')(i, Aliverdi, the "hdjahdar." oi governor, of Bengal, 
died at the age of eighty years. He had three daughters 
whom he gave in marriage to the three sons of his brother. 
The youngest nephew was killed by the Afghan lords, the 
other two died shortly before the decease of Ali^'erdi. The 
eldest son of his ijoungest nephew, was brought up at the 
court of Aliverdi, and was named Suraj-ad-dowla. He was 
trained up as a prince, and like many other princes, the best 
pan of his education was neglected, for he was cruel, ignorant 
and voluptuous. At the death of Aliverdi, Suraj-ad-dowla 
took the reins of government without any opposition. His 
first act was to arrange to plunder his aunt, the relict of his 
senior uncle, and eldest daughter of Aliverdi, who was reputed 
to be very rich. Her husband, while living, was governor ot 
the province of Dacca. The .shibahdar gave orders to secure 
his aunt's receivers and trea^'urers, the principal of whom 
evaded the guard and escaped to Calcutta, where he took 
refuge. Suraj-ad-dowla had marched as far as Baj uiahl when 
the intelligence reached him of the escape of this officer. He 
became exasperated, supposing he had a large treasure with 
him. The luliahdar was no friend to the I'Inglish, being 
jealous of their foothold in Bengal, and he ordered his aruiv to 
march towards Calcutta. In the meantime he sent a messenger 
to remonstrate with the governor of Calcutta. This oflicer 
entered the town in disgui.se, the governor viewed him as an 
impostor, and ejected him from the Mast India Company 
Territory. On the isihof June, 17.'it',, the outposts of Cal- 
cutta were attacked; the fortifications rendered a very poor 
protection, and the men who were the defenders had but little 
militari .skill. After a short trial in resisting the lubahdar's 
troops, the English held a consultation among themselves, and 
decided to retreat. They had a favorable (qqiortunity to 
accomplish this, as the natives retired from their operations 
at the close of each day. It wa-" agreed that they should put the 
women on board of the shiits which lay in the river, and those 
who were defetiding the place were to make their escape 





64r 



JTJ'^En^ILE I3SrSTI?.UOTOT?. 




the ships the nest night. However, through some singular 
inadvertence, the necessary concert of action was omitted tn 
be properly impressed on the minds of the party besieged, 
regarding the mode by which thej' were to have the retrea*", 
carried into effect; hence, the next morning, instead of cool, 
calm, deliberate action, confusion ensued. A portion of the 
party got on to the vessels, and the general feeling prevailed 
that every one must look out for himself, consequently many 
stampeded to the ship?, getting on board as best they could. 
"While in the midst of this confusion and fearful forebodings, 
they became alarmed regarding their safety on board the ships, 
and in order to better secure it, they dropped down to Fulta, 
a town a short distance down the Hoogly, leaving their coun- 
trymen, one hundred and forty-six in number, in the fort, 
without any means left them to make good their retreat. The 
governor and a few other official dignitJTies were among tbe 
number who retreated in this panic-stricken manner. How 
great must have been the consternation of those who were 
left, when they found their only hope cut off and themselves 
deserted by their friends! Mr. Holwell was chosen by his 
comrades to assume the command, and he did all in his powe: 
to preserve order and defend their position. John Cuoke, who 
was secretary to the governor and counsel of Calcutta, in his 
report to the committee in the House of Commons, says: 
"Signals were now thrown out from every part of the tort 
for the ships to come up again to their stations, in hopes they 
would have reflected (after the first impulse of the panic was 
over) how cruel, as well as shameful, it was to leave their 
countrymen to the mercy of a barbarous enemy, and for that 
reason wc made no doubt they would have attempted to cover 
the retreat of those left behind, now they had secured their 
own; but we deceived ourselves, and there was never a single 
effort made in the two days the fort held out after the deser- 
tion, to send a boat or ve.ssel to bring off any part of the 
garrison." "Never," says Mr. Orme, "was such an oppor- 
tunity of performing an heroic action so ignominiously neg- 
lected, for a single sloop with fifteen brave men on board 
mieht, in spite of all the efforts of the enemy, have come up, 
and, anchoring under the fort, have c:irried away all who suf- 
fered in the dungeon. ' ' While the English were thus invested, 
Mr. Holwell made several attempts, by throwing letters over 
the wall, to signify his desire to surrender. This manceuving 
caused a temporary suspension of the fire of the fort. While 
he was expecting an answer, the enemy neared the wall in 
great numbers, and carried the fort by storm. Mr. Holwell 
was carried before the lubahdar with his hands tied, but not- 
withstanding the cruel disposition of the lubahdar, he ordered 
the hands of Mr. Holwell to be untied, and pledged his honor 
that not one of the party should be hurt. When night 
arrived, the guard having the prisoners in charge, were at a 
loss to know how to secure them. After searching for a suit- 
able place, it was suggested to them to put their prisoners in 
the place used by the Engli.sh as a prison, called the "black 
hole," which wa.s a small room eighteen feet square, poorly 
ventilated, and in the hot, sultry, unsalubrious climate of 
Bengal. Into this place they thrust the prisoners, and out of 
the one hundred and forty-.'^ix individuals who were lodged in 
the "black hole," only twenty-three were taken out alive in 
the morning. Mr. Cooke says, "Some of ourcompany expired 
soon after being put in; others grew ma<l, and, having lost 
their senses, died in a high delirium." In less than a year 
from this event. Colonel, afterwards Lord CHve, with a very 
small force, re-took Calcutta, and at the battle of Plassey, 
mpletely broke up the power of Suraj-ad-dowia, and success- 



fully established British rule in Bengal. Colonel Clive made 
the lulahdar's government paj' a compensation of £2,700,000, 
with other donations, which laid a foundation for several 
fortunes to help defray the expenses incured. Through the 
emptiness of ihe Bengal treasury at this particular time, this 
amount was taken by installments, and a portion of it had to 
be taken in jewels, plates and other effects at a valu- ■ 
ation. 

You can see from the foregoing that in the .vear 1757, British 
influence and rule were completely cru-hed in Bengal; to-day, 
after the lapse of one hundred and twenty years, Calcutta is 
the capital of an empire of which the queen of Eng- 
land is the empress; which, from Alden to Hong Kong, 
and from Cashmere to Singapore, includes more inhabitants 
than five times the population of the United States, and 
embraces more territorv than the whole of Europe. 
(Tn he Continued.) 



i3srGii:E2srTS o:p 
nviissTonsr. 



BY ELPER C. 



E 



tConfinued.) 
LDER C. reached the town of C— 



-late in the evening, 
and after some difficulty, found the residence of a cousin, 
who received him very kindly. This cousin was an infidel, 
aa iovaterits skeptic, aal it give him great pleasure to 
discuss religious subjects. He was very fair and polite, 
however, in his conversation, and ho had read infidel works 
so much that he was well posted in all their logic and argu- 
ments. 

During the next few days Elder C. and his cousin talked 
frequently about religion and religious topics. Elder C. had 
never had any lengthy discussions with an infidel, and he 
would, undoubtedly, have been puzzled to answer some of his 
cousin's questions and arguments, but for the Spirit. A man 
of God once wrote, "whosoever putteth his trust in God 
shall not be confounded," and notwithstanding his cou.sin's 
cunning, hard questions and arguments. Elder C. always 
was enabled, by the help of the Ho'y Ghost, to answer thsm 
promptly and succes.sfull.T. He was often surprised at his 
own answers, because they did not seem to come from his 
store of wisdom, and they did not, for they were prompted 
by the Spirit of the Lord. 

Two or three days after his arrival in C , Elder C. 

was waited upon Ijy two Elders of an apostate organization, 

a branch of which was in C , who were extremely 

polite and oily in their talk and conduct. They said they 
had never heard an Elder from Utah, and they would jike 
very much to hear him preach, and if he would only consent 
to preach, they would hire the largest hall in town, pay for a 
quantity of handbills and have them distributed immediately. 
They seemed so fair and honest and so anxious to hear the 
truth, that Elder C. w is quite pleased with them, but .some- 
thing seemed to whisper, "don't be in a hurry, but take time 
to consider this matter." So he told them he would like a 
day or so to think about it. But they redoubled their 
importunities and said it must be settled now, as one of them 
would have to leave town unless the meeting was held that 
evening. He could not wait a .single day, and urged Elder 
C. to write the copy for the handbills and he would have 
them printed and circulated at once, and they would also 



^ 





JTJ^EIsriLE insrSTI^/TJOTOI^. 



"^ 




immediately and engage a very large hall. Being thus 
I^ressed, Elder C. sat down and wrote what he wanted to be 
printed, but the wording did not suit his visitors, and they 
insisted that it should read diiferently, and more sensationally. 
At length it was arranged to suit them, and Elder C. arose 
from the table and was in the very act of stretching forth 
his hand to give the writing to them, when he was impelled 
to draw it back and go no further in the matter. He did so, 
and told the men that he felt constrained to decline their 
offer, at least for the present. One of them commenced to 
protest, but in his replj' inadvertently revealed the trap they 
had set to catch Elder C. , and he saw at once that they 
were wicked hypocrites. They wanted the handbill to 
announce among other things, that Elder C. would speak on 
polygamy. They knew such an announcement would fill the 
house. Then it was their intention to rise in the meeting, 
when Elder C. had finished his remarks, and contradict 
them, denounce pol.vgamy, abuse Elder C., President Young 
and the people of Utah, and then grind the ax of their 
organization by saying that they believed Joseph Smith to be 
a prophet, but that neither he nor they believed in polygamy. 
Thus thej hoped to kill Elder C. 's influence, and create a 
public opinion or incite a mob that would force him to leave 
town. But, thanks to the promptings of the Spirit, Elder 
C. was not caught in the trap. He learned more of their 
motives afterwards, but saw enough at once, to show him 
their cunning and wickedness. Now suppose Elder C. had 
not been blessed and led by the Spirit, what would have been 
the consequence? He would most likely have been insulted 
and abused in public, his influence for good greatly injured, 
his religion ridiculed and denounced, and peihaps a mob 
might have been raised by those bad men, and a disturbance 
created. Apostates often take delight in such works. Elder 
C. felt very thankful to the Lord for the promptings of His 
Spirit which kept him from this danger. 

About the time of this occurrence, as Elder C. and his 
cousin were walking along a business street, they met Mr. M. , 
a merchant, to whom Elder C. was introduced by his cousin, 
as "a young ma'i from Salt Lake." "Are you an Elder?' 
asked the merchant. "lam," replied Elder (J. "Are you 
on a mission?" he again asked. "I am," said Elder C. 
"I would like to have you call on me," said the merchant. 
"I have been wanting to see an Elder from Utah for a long 
time. Can you not come home with me now?" Elder C. 
said he would call at his office after dinner, and then, with 
his cousin, he proceeded to the latter's home and sat down 
to dinner. But before the meal was finished, the merchant 
came, and desired Elder C. to come home with him 
immediately. He arose and accompanied Mr. M. to his 
house, and was introduced to his wife, who seemed to be a 
very good woman, and both insisted on having Elder C. 
make his home with them. 

They stated that some thirty years ago thoy had joined the 
Church in their native countiy, and ton years after had 
removed to this, intending to gather with the Saints, but for 
certain reasons had not done so, and for many years they had 
not seen the face of an Eider, but had been beguiled into 
joining a counterfeit organization which called itself the true 
Church. Mr. M. had some time since found out the impo.s- 
ition, and was now ready to correct his error. The merchant's 
family all treated Elder C. with great kindness, and he 
made his homo witli them for some weeks while he labored 
in the vicinity. 

(To he Continued.) 



ucstion^ and Jlnswer^ 



03Sr THIIE 

book: of n^L o i?^ ivi o i<r , 



XESSON CXXIII. 

Q.— How long were Jared and his people in crossing the water 
to come to the promised land? 

A.— Three hundred and forty-four days. 

Q.— What was their first act on landing? 

A.— They bowed to the earth, and shed tears of joy before tlie 
Lord. 

Q. — How many were there in the company besides the families 
of Jared and his brother? 

A. — Twenty -two souls. 

Q.— How many children did Jared have? 

A.— Twelve, four of whom were sons. 

Q —How many children did the brother of Jared have? 

A. — Twenty-two. 

Q.— Previous to his death what did the people desire of the 
brother of Jared? 

A.— That he would appoint one of his sons to act as king. 

Q.— How did he feel about this request? 

A.— It grieved him, and he said "surely this thing leadeth into 
captivity.'' 

Q. — Did he do as the people desired? 

A.— Yes; he offered the position to his sons, but not one of them 
would accept it; he then offered it to the sons of Jared, and Orihah 
took the position. 

Q. — How did he reign? 

A.— He walked humbly before the Lord and ruled in righteous- 
ness. 

Q. — How many children had he? 

A. — Thirty-one, of whom twenty-three were sons. _ 

Q. — Who was his successor? 

A. — His youngest son, Kib. 

Q. — What was th3 name of his son? 

A.— Corihor. 

OZSr TUB BIBLE. 



Q._Why did David thus destroy the inhabitants of the lan^ 
which he invaded? 

A.— That they should not bring tidings to Gath. 

Q._What did David take away from the places he destroyed? 

A._"The sheep, and the oxen, and the asses, and the camels, 
and the apparel." 

Q —What did Achish say after David had deceived him as to 
the peojde he had invaded? 

A.— "He hath made his people Israel utterly to abhor him; 
therefore he shall be my servant forever." 

Q. — What then came to pass? 

A —"The Philistines gathered their armies together for warfare 
to fight with Israel." 

Q. — What then did Achish say unto David? 

A.. — "Know thou assuredly, that thou shalt go out with me lo 
battle, thou and thy men." 

Q.— What was David's reply to Achish? 

A.— "Surely thou »halt know what thy servant can do." 

Q._Whom did Saul put away out of the land since the death 
of Samuel? 

A.— "Those that had familiar spirits, and the wizards." 

Q —What was the name of the place where the Philistines 
pitched their tents? 

A. — Shunem. 

Q.— Where did Saul gather the hosts of Israel? 

A.— In (iillioft. 

O.— How did Saul feel when he saw the host of the Philis- 
tines? 

A.— "He was afraid, and his heart greatly trembled." 




f9^' 



ee 



CTTJ^EnsriLE Ilsr STI^TJOTOI?;. 





GEORGE Q. CANNON. 


- - - - EOITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


MARCH 15 1877. 





Br)ITOI?.XA.Xj THZOXJO-HITS. 

N our last number we quoted from Oliver, 
a New Eng'and historian, respecting the 
treatment of the Indians in 3Iassachufe(ts 
in early days. The same author expresses 
himself in the following severe language 
concerning the treatment of the Indians in 
that day: "It was a kindly benevolence, 
which led Las Casas to substitute negro 
for native slavery in the West Indies; it 
was the sordid love of riches which induced 
Hawkins to introduce the slave trade into 
English commerce; and it was the spirit of a 
false faith, which taught the Puritan Pilgrims 
that heathen blood and lands are lawful motives, 
as well as lawful spoils of Christian warfare. There 
was no inborn love of cruelty among them; and 
frequently, when about to start upon one of their 
bloody excursions, they found it necessary to woik 
themselves up to the necessary pitch, by communion, fasting, 
and prayer. To slaughter an Indian was a painful religious 
exercise, as much as to spend a day in bodily abstinence. For 
this reason the Puritan soldiers were pitiless. The negation 
of works in.their religion also co-operated to promote injustice 
in their policy; and where violence was not a Puritan rite, it 
was but too often a right of Puritanism. Thus, between the 
two, the aborigines were wholly sacrificed; and a system of 
religion, which confessedly had an eye to the things of Cfesar 
as well as to those of lieaven, in the short space of fifty years 
swept from New England one hundred thousand human beings. 
For these unhappy heathen fouIs, no Puritan historian, m:ig- 
istrate, or elder, then, or since, has expressed a word of [lity, 
or breathed a penitential prayer. Unregenerate, they were 
sent into the presence of their dread judge, owing nothing to 
Christianity but steel, gunjiowder and gin. 

"And how did Puritanism find these red men' T>i<l they 
drink? Did they lie? Bid they gamble? Did they thieve? 
Were they licentious in morals or depraved in habits? On the 
contrary, the siiniilicity of their habits attracted the notice of 
all Europeans; and Gorges does not hesitate to say. that he 
'observed in them an inclination to follow the examjjle of the 
better sort, and in all their carriages to manife.st shows of 
great civility, far from the rudeness of our common people.' 
Their drink was water, their pastime the chase, their property 
was enjoyed in common, and their fidelity was proverbial. 
Disease visited them only in old age; and when death released 
the hoary warrior, his treasures were buried with him in a 
common grave. Darkened as he was by Pagani.sm, the great 
vice charged against the Indian by Puritanism was only his 
cruelty in war. This cruelty was anijily. retaliated by his 
Christian adversary; and what the savage intended as a test 
of the heroism of his captive, was too often infliitc<l by the 
English from motives of revenge. Whatever were his rela- 
tions to his oppressors, his condition was truly deplorable. If 
he was converted by the Puritan missionaries, he became not 
'hristian. but a iiraying Indian, despised by his countrymen, 



and enslaved by his teachers. If he continued faithful to the 
religion of the forest, the mountain, and the waters, or what- 
ever was the abode of the Great Spirit whom he ignorantly 
worshipped, he was counted no better than a Canaanite, and 
a fit prey for the 'poor servants of Christ.' " 



I?.TJB3±liTS, THE ZP^HsTTEE.. 

NEARLY three centuries ago there was living in the city 
of Cologne a little boj , named Peter Paul Rubens. His 
parents were natives of Antwerp; but some years previously 
a fierce revolution had raged throughout Belgium, and, to 
preserve their children from danger, they had been compelled 
to flee from the country. 

When Paul was very young he was sent to the school in 
the city, and there he soon distinguished himself so much by 
his diligence and progress, that every promise seemed to be 
given that a brilliant future awaited him. For it must be 
borne in mind that there were fewer men of learning in those 
daj's than at the present time, and a good education was not 
then so easily acquired as it is now. 

Until the year in which he was ten years old, Paul's indus- 
try and attention were greatly encouraged by his father, whose 
love for his childern seemed to be unbounded; but at this 
period, just when the little fellow seemed specially to need a 
father's loving advice and careful guidance, Paul, to his great 
grief, lost his kind parent. 

By this time the revolution that had swept through Belgium 
was at an end — it was well, indeed, that it was so; for already 
it had been the means of causing destruction to be carried 
from one end of the country to the other— and Paul's mother 
and her family returned to Antwerp. 

Paul continued his studies in that city until it was considered 
that he had made suflieieut progress to leave school. It was 
intended by his friends that he should now study for the law 
(to which profession his father had belonged); but an oppor- 
tunity at this time presented itself of introducing him as a 
page to the Countess de Lelain, and in that capacity he 
accordingly joined her establishment in Antwerp. 

When Paul first left home he did not appear to be in any 
way unwilling to enter the service of the countess. He knew 
that it was his mother's wi-h that he should do so; he knew, 
too, that he was only doing as many others in his own position 
did at that time. But 't must be confessed that in reality 
Paul did uot at all like the prospect of beginnine life in this 
manner. No; he had an ambition which lay in a far different 
direction, and of this ho did not attempt to rid himself This 
was nothing less than to become a great painter. Year by 
year, ever since he was at Cologne, he had inwardly cherished 
the desire; year by year it had increased; and now it seemed 
to have become the "Uf aim of his existence. 

It is not difficult to understand, therefore, that Paul soon 
began to find his strange life distasteful to him. Try how he 
might, he somehow could not bring himself to like his new 
occupation, nor could he help feeling that he was fitted, even 
then, for something more than a mere page. And .so it was 
that, after a .short time, finding his position had become very 
disagreeable, he resolved to ask his niother to assist him in 
attaining his object. 

We can well imagine the surprise of Paul's mother when 
.she was told by her son of his desire to leave the .service of 
the countess. Truth to tell, though for years he had secretly 
longed for a time to arrive when he could really devote him- 
self to the art which he now loved .so much, he had nev 





j-tj^e:ltiil.ei j ]sr s t is, tj o t o i^; , 




ventured to take his mother into his confidence. At first, 
therefore, it was very natural that she should be unwillins; to 
sanction such a step as Paul proposed to take, the more so 
because she considered that his unusual ability fully qualified 
him to gain greater distinction in other pursuits that were 
worthier of his birth. 

After a time, however, he succeeded in overcoming his 
mother's objection, and, at length, though very reluctantly, 
her consent was given; and a happy day it must have been for 
Paul when he was able to feel that he could give up forever 



pride to feel that he was to be placed under the tuition of 
so accomplished a master. 

After he had been with Van Oordt a short time, however, 
he began to discover that the new life which he had chosen 
was not so pleasant, after all, as ho had anticipated. He soon 
saw that the famous painter, whom in the enthusiasm for his 
art he had hitherto regarded with feelings of reverence and 
admiration, was, in his studio, not only a very ill-tempered, but 
a harsh and unreasonalile master; and Paul quickly perceived, 
too, that his owa aptitude for paiuting, and his great desire 





tis distasteful duties, and could really devote himself to that 
profession in which ho aftcMward-. gained so illustrious a name. 
At this time there was living at .Vntwerp an artist named 
Auaui Van Oordt, who wa> nmDwned throuijhoiit ]{eli;iiim, 
and an opportunity was afforded Paul of studying under him. 
Van Oordt's offer was readily accepted; and, buoyant with 
hope and ext)eetatioii, and eagerly thirsting to gain the know- 
ledge which he so much coveted, I'aul entered the studio of 
he great painter, as one of lii" pupils; and great was his 



to make progress, cau^^cd joalou-'y to rise between his fellow- 
jiupils and liiiuself, and produced an uutVicridly feeling, which 
they did not fiil to exhibit towards biiii. 

.VII this was very disli(\irtcning to I'aul; and as he himself 
was of a most gentle and aniiablc (lisjiosilion, he secniod to feel 
the unkind treatment the more. However, in spite of these 
obstacles, he was determined to persevere, and so he went on, 
and week after we dc endeavored to do his best to give satis 
Cuctioii to liis master. 





GTTJ'VEn^IXjE I3SrSTI?.TJOTOI^, 




A clever painter like Van Oordt had naturally very little 
ditSeulty in detecting the genius that now began lo be dis- 
played by Paul. But he was not the man to push forward 
such a talented pupil. Of a rough and surly disposition, the 
truth was that "\"an Oordt was secretly annoyed that Paul 
should make such advancement as he did, and he determined 
neither to encouraire nor to assist him in any way. 

Not many months passed before Paul succeeded in learning 
as much as his fellow pupils knew. It was at this time that 
he began to meet with fresh difficulties, for his master appeared 
now more than ever disagreeable towards him, and seemed 
as if he were determined that he would even hinder him from 
getting on so rapidly. 

One waj in which he hoped to do this was by forbidding his 
puiiils to paint or to enter the studio, except during certain 
stated hours of the day. This was Paul's greatest trouble, 
for his one thought was the speedy acquirement of the know- 
ledge that he was so anxious to pos.sess; and he was now, of 
course, compelled to waste hours that might have been .so 
profitably emploved by him. Can we wonder, then, that Paul 
chafed under this treatment, and that he soon resolved to 
devise some means by which he could help himself for- 
ward? 

For some time he could not think of any way by which he 
could gain what he wanted. At length, however, he hit upon 
a plan which, although involving great risk, seemed to him to 
be the only means by which he could accomplish his object; 
this he determined, therefore, to attempt to carry out. What 
do you think it was? 

Let us imagine ourselves to be in Van Oordt's house on a 
certain evening soon after the time of which we have been 
speaking; let us, at a very late hour, when every one is appa- 
rently asleep, noiselessly ascend the old oak stairs; and then 
let us take a peep into an uninviting-looking room on the top- 
most story; we shall not need then to tell you what it was that 
Paul had determined to do, for one glance at the grim studio 
of the great Antwerp painter (for such the chamber is) will 
reveal everything. Seated on a box, before a chair, on which 
is resting his canva.s — for easel he has none— intent on but one 
object, the pursuit of his much loved art, is Paul Piubens! 

\ es, this was what it was that Paul determined to do when 
he found that A'an Oordt so persistently discouraged him. 
Stung almost to desperation, he had resolved that he would 
cautiously wait each night until all the inmates of the house 
were asleei), and that he would betake himself to his master's 
studio; there he would wield his brush to his heart's coutent. 
And so it was that night after night the brave young artist 
found his way to the forbidden room, and for some time there 
appeared to be every hope that Paul would be able to continue 
his visits without being detected. 

But it happened one evening, just at a time when he was 
most particularly engaged with his work— for he was painting 
a portrait on which he had for some weeks been engaged — 
that through some cause his master did not, after retiring to his 
bed-room, go to rest as usual; and, unfortunately for Paul— 
who, of course, all the time imagined that he was asleep — he 
had need at a late hour that night to go to the very place in 
which ho was .lifting, and thus it was that \'an Oordt, as he 
entered his studio, in amazement and anger, found out his 
youthful pupil. 

Let us pass over what hajipened after this discoveo' had 
been made; suffice it to say that, though Van Oort must have 
inwardly acknowledged the great genius that had inspired the 
portrait iiainted by his pupil, he did mt, apparently, forgive 




the little fellow for his disobedience; and it was not long, 
therefore, before Paul left this surly master. 

Shortly afterwards he placed himself under a celebrated 
puinter named Otto Venius, who was a very different man to 
Van Oordt. From him he received nothing but kindness and 
consideration, and so well did he progress under his new 
instructor, that within four years he knew as much as his 
teacher. 

Then he continued for many years to persevere in his studies, 
until at length he became, through his skill and untiring indus- 
try, one of the greatest and cleverest painters that the world 
has ever known. H's works are now found in churches, gal- 
leries and palaces throughout Europe; and it has been said 
that the number of his paintings is so great, and their size so 
large, that, if they were all joined together, they would be 
sufficient to decorate the largest street of any large city. 



STJl<TlDJ^ir SCHOOL 
STJ^TISTIGS. 



Edltnr Juvenile Instructor: 

In arcordnnce with the desire of the Deseret 
Sunday School Union to publish an annual statistical report, I 
present a summary for the yoar ending Dec. 31, 1875; observing 
that the original design of giving a complete report in tabular 
form has not, up to this time, been practicable. 

The general officers of the Union were as follows: George Q. 
Cannon, Superintendent, George Goddard, Assistant Superintend- 
ent, John B. Maiben, Secretary, and William McLachlan, Treas- 
urer. During the year. Elder Maiben was called to preside as 
Bishop at Manti, Sanpete Co., and resigned the office of secre- 
tary, which he had filled with energy and ability from the com- 
mencement. Treasurer McLachlan was appointed his successor, 
but being called on a mission to New Zealand, left in company 
with other Elders, before the close of the year. The vacancies 
thus caused were filled by electing Elder Levi W. Richards, 
Secretary, and Elder George Reynolds, Treasurer of the Union. 

The number of Sunday schools from which reports were 
received for the said year, and names of the County Sunday 
School Superintendents, who, with one or two exceptions, are 
still acting in that capacity, were as follows: 

Counties. No. of S. Schools. Co. S. S. Supts. 

Oneida, Idaho, 3, George Stuart. 

Bear Lake, Idaho, <i, George Osmond. 

Uintah, Wy., 1, " 

Rich, Utah, 3. 

Cache, 19, Moses Thatcher. 

Box Elder, . 11, A. Christensen. 

Weber, 17, R. Ballantyne. 

Davis, 0, Nathan T. Porter. 

Morgan, 8, E. G. Nielson. 

Wasatch, 3, S. J. Wing. 

Summit, 5, H. W. Brizzee. 

Tooele, 3, F. J. Hammerlund. 

Salt Lake, 22, * George Goddard. 

Utah, 14, David John. 

Juab, 3, Samuel Pitch forth. 

Sanpete, 10, Wil.iam T. Reid. 

Millard, — 

Beaver, 4, W. Fotheringham. 

Iron, 4, John A. West. 

Washington, 6. Miles P. Romney. 

Kane, 8, George Spilsbury. 

Sevier, 6, H. P. Miller. 

Piute, — • 

Lincoln, Nov., 1, Samuel M. Lee. 

Making a total of 102 Sunday schools, which reported their 
number of male teachers to be 1,413, number of female teachers, 
l.n'i, total number of teachers, 2,588, average attendance of 
touchers, 2,007. Total number of male pupils, 9,078, femalepupils, 
]0,7:a, total number of pupils, 20,411, average attendance, 15,728. 
Number of Bible classes, 223, Testament classes, 498, Book of 
Mormon classes, 3iU, Doctrine and Covenants classes, 79, Th 




j"xj'vei:dtii_,e] ii>rsTi?.uGTOi^.. 



69 




logical classes, 111, Juvenile Instructor classes, 144, catechism 
classes, 120, miscellaneous classes, (Primer, First Header, etc.) 
868, total number of classes, 2,282. Number ot books in libraries, 
13,041. Amount of funds on hand at the end o'' the previous 
year, 5~20,98, amount c illected, §G,Oo7,76, amount disbursed, 
So,28o,04; leaving a balance of §1,493,70 on hand at the close of 
the year. 

The foregoing does not include the Sunday schools in Millard, 
nor quite a number scattered in other Counties, no regular 
reports having been received from them for 1875. 

Information received from different quarters indicates that the 
Sunday school cause is rapidly extending, growing in interest and 
influence, and fulfilling its noble mission of improving the youth 
and leading them to a knowledge of the truths of heaven. 

Kcsj:ec'tfullj, 

Levi W. Eicharus, 

Sec'v D. S. S. Union. 



j-oTTinsrc3-s onsr thie sus- 



BY A. jriLTON MUSSER. 




BY the kind permission of the Editor, I will commence my 
talk with the readers of the Instructor about the great 
Susquehanna river. Columbia, Lancaster Co., Pennsylvania, 
from which place I now write — a cosy little town of 9,000 • 
inhabitants — is located on its eastern hank. The river at this 
point is about one and a quarter miles wide — the distance of 
ten Salt Lake City blocks, not counting the streets. It is a 
shallow stream, and at present is clearing itself of ice. I 
have crossed it here on the ice six times within the last two 
weeks. In the writings of the Prophet, Joseph Smith, in 
the book of Doctrine and Covenants, where he alludes to the 
glorious subject of baptism for the dead, he makes reference 
to hearing the voice of Crod on its banks. It is a stream that 
will always be remembered by the writer, who has fallen into 
it a number of times, and several times came very nearly 
being drowned (Don't pronounce this word as if spelled 
'"drownt/ec?," as many do). 

When but a boy, I lived at a small place some three miles 
below this, called Washington. There is a large rock a few 
rods from the shore at that point, which is called "Pot Rock," 
because it has a perpendicular hole through it, through which 
men and boys used to dive when out swimming. The country 
hereabouts is hilly and woody, not like "our lovely Dcseret," 
which is formed of a .succession of mountains and valleys. 
Here we can see but a short distance, because of the hills and 
woods; in our mountain home we can see the whole length of 
a valley. 

I was amused some time ago while talking to an old gentle- 
man about my ancestors, v:ho came from Germany and settled 
in this county, where they lived and died. In referring to 
his parents, he called his father "pap" and "pappay," and 
his mother "mam" and "mammay." It sounded very funny 
to me, but this is the way these terms are used by old and 
young. 

I almost forgot to tell you about the small houses built of 
ice on the Susquehanna river. They are built as forts, or 
rather blinds, for duck-hunters to conceal themselves behind. 
They build them near an opening in the river, where there is 
no ice, and where the ducks gather in large numbers, being 
debarred of a general privilege of this kind by the river in 
most places freezing over. The hunters have what are called 
"decoy duck.s," made of wood. These they fasten with a 



string, and allow them to float around in the water, as they 
may be influenced by wind or current, when the genuine 
ducks, seeing them and supposing them to be genuine, alight 
near and around them; and pretty soon they are thotgunned. 

The other day an ice yacht was sailing over the ice opposite 
here, with five or six persons in it. It had three short run- 
ners, and was sloop-rigged. It was built somewhat in the shape 
of the letter V, and the hind runner was used as a rudder 

In this country Santa Claus — who, by the way, is a myth — 
(when you meet with a word you don't understand, don't rest 
satisfied till you turn to a dictionary and learn its meaning) 
is very lavish with his Christmas gifts. In the first place, the 
people put up very expensive Christinas trees, from which 
the gifts, etc. , are suspended in great profusion and variety, 
and with excellent taste. Some of these exhibitions in Lan- 
caster City, some ten miles from here, on last Christmas, cost 
about $')0(). Of course, the rich only can indulge in such 
extravagance. Don't you thiuk it is very wrong, and even 
wicked, to be so unnecessarily extravagant in view of the fact 
that thousands, j'ea millions, of people — mostly women and 
children and old persons — are suffering, and even dying, for 
want of bread? I do. 

The "new light" Memnonites of this country are a religious 
body who believe that it is wrong to resist even burglars, 
thieves, incendiaries and the like, and if smitten upon one 
cheek they are in duty bound to turn the other. They are 
very devotional, and aim to live primitive lives. I asked one 
some time ago — Dr. Musser by name — with whom I dined and 
had a three hours' talk, on the subject of the gospel, if he 
was attacked by a murderer, or if Jie should see an incendiary 
attempt to burn his house, if he would not resist them to the 
death. He said his duty was not to resist them, but very 
jirobably he would do it. Then, said I, your theory is non- 
resistance while your practice is resistance. Of what avail is 
your faith, and in what do you difl['er from other professed 
Christians? He couldn't make a satisfactory answer. 

At meals they "say grace" both before and after eating, 
and always silentlj'; not an audible word is heard. 

Last Sabbath I attended two Dunkard meetings, held in 
private houses, a few miles from Marietta. A Mr. J. H. 
JMusser conve)'ed me to them in his buggy. When two male 
members meet oil such occasions they salute each other with 
a "holy kiss" on the mouth. The ladies do likewi.se when 
they meet. Now, if the tw-n were right cleanly, having sweet 
breath and sound teeth in their mouths, and no leaky noses, 
nor tobacco essence or other filthy element lodged on their 
moustache and beard immediately fringing the mouth, the 
practice to me would not be so objectionable; but where the 
above sickening conditions exist, as they so in many cases, .so 
far as I am concerned 1 would rather sub-let the job to others, 
and nianilest my devotion in sonic other manner. I was 
amused at seeing two old gentlemen lay their hands iijion 
each others shoulders and gently impress a kiss; and in another 
instance to see an old gentleman kiss a young one, and vice tersn. 
To be Continued. 



CllAUACTKK. — "I owe my success in business chiefly to 
you," said a stationer to a |iaper-niakcr, as they were settlinj; 
a large account; "but let ine ask how a man of your caution 
came to give credit so freely to a beginner with my slender 
means?" "Ik'cause," replied the pa per- maker, "at whatcrer 
hour in the morning I passed to my business, 1 always observed 
you without your coat at yours." 





jTj^EisriXjE 'insrsTi^/TJOTOie.. 




IFJ^XjSE K^ELTG-IOlSr. 




No .sooner were the apostles of Jesus destroyed and the 
priesthood driven away from the earth, than men fell 
into the wildest errors. The light of revelation from (rod 
being withdrawn, mtn followed the imaginations of their own 
hearts and indulged in many excesses and follies. The Savior 
of mankind mixed with the world and honored a marriage 
feast with His presence. lie r-elected from the female sex 
His companions, some of whom were His most devoted fol- 
lowers. The Apostle Peter was a married man as the Testament 
informs us, and Saint Paul claimed the right to lead about a 
sister, or wife, as well as the other apostles; hut notwithstand- 
ing this example, thousands of men, in the 4th century, who 
called themselves Christians, took up their abode in the 
deserts and in retired places away fi'Otu the rest of mankind, 
and were especially careful to keep out of sight of women. 
They became monks and hermits, and so numerous did they 
become in Egypt that the monastic population was said to be 
nearly equal to the ])opulation of the cities. It is said that 
in the days of a man called St. Jerome, who himself was one 
of these hermits, nearly fifty thousand monks were sometimes 
assembled at the Easter festivals. But not only in Egypt 
was this class numerou.s — there wa.s .scarcely any Christian 
country in which they were not found in great numbers. 

For about two centuries the hideous punishment of the 
body was regarded as the highest proof of excellence. One 
of these so-called saints (St. Jerome) declared how he had 
seen a monk who for thirty years had lived exclusively on a 
small portion of barley bread and muddy water; another who 
lived in a hole and never ate more than five figs for his daily 
repast: a third who cut his hair only on Easter Sunday, who 
never washed his clothes, who never changed his tunic till it 
fell to pieces, who starved him.self till his eyes grew dim and 
his skin like a "i)umi.e stone," and whose merits, as shown 
by these acts, the best writers arc unable to describe. For 
six months it is said another .so called saint (St. Macarius, 
of Alexandria) sleiU in a mar.-h ami exposed his body naked 
to the stings of venomous flies. Ke was accustomed to 
carry about with him eighty pounds of iron. One of his 
disciples, also called a .'aint for practising these acts (St. 
]-]u.sebius), carried one hundred and fifty pounds of iron, and 
lived for three years in a dried up well. St. Sabinu'- would 
only eat corn that had become rotten by remaining for a 
month in water. St. Besarion sjicnt forty days and nights in 
the middle of thorn bvishes and for forty years never lay down 
when he slept. St. J'achomius practised sleeping standing 
during fifteen years. 

Some of these people, like St. ^larcian, restricted them- 
selves to one meal a day, so small that they continually 
suffered the pangs of hunser. Of one of them it is related 
that his daily food was six ounces of broad and a few herbs, 
that he was never seen to recline on a mat or bed, or even to 
place his limbs easily for sleep; bnt that sometimes, through 
excess of weariness, his eyes would dose at his meal ; and the 
food would drop from his mouth. Others of tlie.se i)eople, 
however, ate only every second day, while many, if we may 
believe the monkish historian, abstained for whole weeks 
from all nourishment. St. Macarius, of Alexandria, is said 
during an entire week to have never lain down or eaten any- 
thing hut a few uncooked herbs on Sunday. Of another 
monk who became famous, named John, it is asserted that 
for three whole years he stood in prayer leaning upon a rock, 
that during all that time he never sat or lay down. Some of 



the hermits lived in deserted dens of wild beasts, others in 
dried up wells, while others found a congenial resting place 
among the tombs. Some disdained all clothes, and crawled 
about like wild beasts, covered only by their matted hair. In 
Mesopotamia and part of Syria, there existed a sect known 
by the name of '"grazers," who never lived under a roof, who 
ate neither flesh nor bread, and who spent their time forever 
on the mountain sides and ate grass like cattle. 

The cleanliness of the body was regarded by these people 
as a pollution of the soul, and they who were most admired 
had become one hideous mass of clotted filth. St. Athanasius 
relates how St. Antony, the patriarch of this system, had 
never, in extreme old age been guilty of washing his feet. 
Another hermit, who lived for fifty years after his conversion, 
rigidly refused from that date to wash either his face or his 
feet. A famous \irgin, named Sylvia, though she was sixty 
years old, and though bodily .sickness was a consequence of 
her habits, resolutely refu.sed on religious principles to wash 
any part of her body except her fingers. St. Euphraxia 
joined a convent of one hundred and thirty nuns who never 
washed their feet and who shuddered at the mention of a 
bath. One of these hermits once imagined that he was 
mocked by an illusion of the devil, as he saw gliding before 
him through the desert a naked creature black with filth and 
years of exposure, and with white hair floating to the wind. 
• It was a once beautiful woman, St. Mary, of Egypt, who had 
thus during forty years been trying to atone lor her sins. 

When the monks occasionally fell into habits of decency, 
it was a .subject of much reproach. "Our fathers," said the 
abbot of Alexandria, looking mournfully back to the past, 
"never washed their faces, but we frequent the public baths." 
But of all the evidences of loatli.some excesses to which this 
spirit was carried, the life of St. Simeon Stylites is probably 
the most remarkable. It will be difficult to conceive a more 
horrible or disgusting picture than is given of the punish- 
ment by which that saint commenced his self-denying career. 
He had bound a rope around him so that it became imbedded 
in his flesh which putrefied around it. A horrible stench, 
intolerable to the by-standers, exhaled from his body, and 
worms dropped from him whenever he moved, and they filled 
his body. Sometimes he left the monastery, and slept in a 
dry well. He built .successively three pillars, the last being 
■sixty feet high and scarcely two cubits in circumference, and 
on this pillar during thirty years he remained exposed to 
every change of climate, ceaselessly and rapidly bending his 
body in prayer almost to the level of his feet. Once a man 
tried to count these rapid motions, but desisted from weariness 
when he had reached 1,244. For a whole year we are told 
St. Simeon stood upon one leg, the other being covered with 
hideous ulcers. From every quarter pilgrims of every degree 
tlironged to do him homage, and a crowd of church dignitaries 
followed him to the grave. He was pronounced to be the 
highest model of a Christian saint, and several others imitated 
his conduct. 

It was by such self-torture as this that for two centuries 
human excellen,;e was measured. Tens of thousands of 
devoted men fled to the desert to reduce themselves by such 
self punishment nearly to the condition of the brute. These 
monks commonly lived in separate cells. They kept silence 
at their repasts, and each one tried to outdo the other in the 
extravagance of his conduct. Some passed the long hours 
in .sleep or In the mechanical routine of prayer. Others 
made their cells by the clear fountains and clustering palm 
trees of some oasis in the de.sert, and a blooming garden arose 



:?^1S^ 




CTTJ^EID^inLE! IlsTSTI^TJOTOIEe/. 





beneath their toil. A'^ery commonly, however, the places 
where they rested were the scenes of perpetual mournings. 
Tears and sobs and the frantic struggling of religous despair 
were constantly heard. 

Good humor, frank conduct, generosity active courage, 
sanguine energy, buoyancy of temper were rarely, if ever, 
found among this people. They considered it sinful to be 
cheerful and to indulge in any pursuit that wo\dd produce 
happiness. All the domestic virtues were thrown into dis- 
credit.* Many of them deemed it sinful to indulge in natural 
affection. To break the heart of a mother who had borne 
him, to persuade a wife who loved him that it was her duty 
to separate from him forever, to abandon his children iincared 
for and beggars to the mercies of the world, was regarded by 
the true hermit as the most acceptable offering to his God. 
His business was to save his own soul, so he thought. If he 
were to discharge the simplest duties to his family he imagined 
his devotion would be impaired thereby. 

One hermit, after being in the desert a long time, received 
letters from his father and mother. He covdd not bear that 
his thoughts should be disturbed by the recollections of tho^e 
who loved him, so he cast the letters, unopened, into the 
fire. To outrage the affections of the nearest and dearest 
relations was not only regarded as innocent, but thought to 
be the highest virtue. "A young man," it was said by one 
of these people, "who has learned to despise a mother's 
grief, will easily bear any other labor that is imposed upon 
him." St. Piemen and his sis brothers had all deserted 
their mother to live this life in the desert. But the love of 
the mother's heart was not quenched, and the old woman, 
when bent by infirmities, went alone into the desert to see 
once more the children she had so dearly loved. She caught 
sight of them as they were about leaving their cell for the 
church, but they immediately ran back into the cell, and 
before her tottering steps could itach it, one of her son 
rushed forward and flung the door to in her face. She 
remained outside weeping bitterly. St. Ptemen then came 
near to the door- but without opening it, and said, "Why do 
you, who are already stricken with age, pour forth such cries 
and lamentations?" But she, recognizing the voice of her 
son, answered, "It is because I long to see you, my sons. 
What harm could it do you that I should see you? Am I not 
your mother? Did I not give you suck? I am now an old 
and wrinkled woman and my heart is troubled at the sound of 
your voices." The brothers, however, refused to open the 
door. They told their mother that she would see them after 
death, and she had to go away as contented as she could be 
with that prospect. 

St. Simeon Stylites, of whom we have already spoken, had 
been passionately loved by his parents. He began his career 
by breaking the heart of his father, who died of grief at his 
flight. His mother, however, lingered on twenty-seven years 
after his disappearance. When his self-torure had made 
him famous, she heard for ihe first time where he was. She 
hastened to visit him, but all her labor was in vain. No 
woman was admitted within his dwelling, and he refused to 
permit her even to look upon his face. Her entreaties and 
tears were mingled with words of bitter and elor|ucnt reproach. 
"My son," she is reported to have said, "why have you done 
this? I bore you and you have wrung my soul with grief. 
I gave you milk from my breast, you have filled my eyes with 
tears. For the kisses I gave you, you have given me the 
anguish of a broken heart. For all that I have done and 

ft'ered for you, you have repaid me by the most terrible 



wrongs." At last he sent a message to tell her that she 
would soon .see him. Three days and three nights she had 
wept and entreated in vain, and now, exhausted with grief 
and age and privation, she Sank feebly to the ground and 
breathed her last before that inhospitable door. Then for 
the first time he, accompanied by his followers, came out. 
He shed some "pious tears" over the corpse of his murdered 
mother, and offered up a prayer consigning her soul to 
heaven ! 

By such conduct as this these people hoped to merit 
heaven, and could they have had their way they would have 
made the earth a wilderness. The voices of children would 
not have been heard in the land and desolation would have 
reigned supreme. It was by living such lives as this that 
they were called and regarded as saints, but judged by- the 
light of the gospel they were the very opposite of saints. 
Their teachings and practices were in every respect o]iposed 
to the teachings laid example of the Savior and of His 
apostles. Can you wonder, when you read of people who 
call themselves the disciples of Jesus taking such a course as 
this, that the true principles of the gospel disappeared from 
among men? Can you wonder that darkness covered the 
earth and gross darkness the minds of the people, and that 
man wandered far from God? How could a pure stream 
come from such a fountain? How could truth be preserved 
in the earth coming down through such generations? When 
we read of such practices in the so-called church of Christ, 
does it not make plain the necessity of God speaking again 
from th'5 heavens, revealing the evei'lasting gospel and restor- 
ing the priesthood? Such chapters of history as this teach 
us how little men know about God and His ways when they 
are destitute of His holy spirit to guide and the priesthood 
to govern the church. 



THZIB G-OOID BOYD'S 



Tune "I?osa Mmj." 



r,\ W. WlLl.KS. 



I will nut drink the drunkard's drink, nor quaff' the flowing bowl, 

To drown the feast of reason and prevent the flow of soul; 

But I will choose the sparkling draught fresh from the bubbling 

spring; 
'Twill health impart, long life secure, and never leave a sting. 

I will not taint the mountain iiir, so pure and so serene, 
With fumes of vile tobacco-smoke, so filthy and unclean; 
Nor yet a word that's mean or low% or one to wound a friend 
Shall from my parting lips o'er flow, God's children to offend. 

The rattling of the dice-box presents no charms for mo, 
iS'or any kind of gambling, of high oi' low degree; 
And playing cards I'll let alone, and shutRing I'll ignore, 
Sustaining with my might and main objections to nil four. 

I will not quarrel, fight or swear, nor yet the Sabbath break, 
Nor wander from the Sabbath school, nor evil ways partake; 
15ut try with heart and soul and might to live a life that's pure, 
In truth and virtue take delight, God's favor to secure. 

I shall not always he a a child— to manhood I shall grow; 
(), may I never bo defiled while living here below; 
]!ut, as I shall in stature rise, may I true wisdom gain, 
For God my talents exercise, while I on earth renuiin. 




7S 



J- u ^ E nsTi L E insrsTi^TJoa?oi^. 




AATE is<^EET .^C3-A.insr i2<r C3-XjA.iDnsrEss. 



z3E~ 



—I ^— r — m • 5 ::J ' S — • 1 »-t — • g* ' 

•— c — f-f-f « « — c — ^ ^ *_.»^::i_g_^_, 9 — .g_ 



a 5 « »— i — « 



meet a a.sain in glad-nes;;. 

thank Him for the Sab-batli. 

m-^—m • ! — , m •-. 



p: 



And 
This 

m— 



*— pj — — ^^i^ — I ^' — ^ — g — gi -g- 1 



==i= 

--^'^- 



:=l- 



T 



":T=3: 



thank-ful voie - es 
day of ho - Ij- 



-W MP \- 



To 
And 

— 1«- 



raise: 
rest, 



:t 



"I — 



1 






— I ^ 3»i —I — ■ ---i -V — r- 

, ^ ^ -«»- -•- -=*- -«- -^ I . 

1 Gud our heav'ulj' Fa-ther, We 11 tune our graceful praise. 'Tis 

.'1 for the bless-ed Bi - ble, The book that we love best; — For 



His kind hand that kept us Thro' 
Snji - bathfchool and teach-ers, To 















-»--» — — m — |— 






It 






1 



all 
us 



the changing year: His love it is 
>o kiud-ly giv'n, To guide us in 



P2— W 4 



-J- 

— I- 



idi 



I*; 



i 



.r: 



I 



that brings us A - gain to wor - ship here. 
tV^ path-way That leads to joys in heav'n. 

J. ft 



-3 — I- 






JM— 



Z*.^Tt- 



=;t— tizz:t=t 



:_.._-3_t. 



— , [-^^ 1 ^^ — , ;— : 1- 




We'll thank Him for our country, 


Sonn may Thy gracious sceptre 


The land our futliers trod; — 


Extend to every land, 


For liberty of conscience, 


And all, as willing subjects, 


And right to worship God. 


Submit to Thy command. 


Lord, our heavenly father! 


Send forth the gospel-tidings. 


Accept the praise we bring, 


And hasten on the day, 


And tune our hearts and voices 


When every isle and nation 


Thy glorious name to sing. 


Shall own Messiah's sway. 



S TJ IST ID J5s. "Y XjESSOISTS. 
FOK LITILE LEARNERS. 



HISTORY OK JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XLIX 



Q.— What followed' 

A, — At a general conference held Sept. 
was reorganized. 

^< ^ »» 



1837, the Church 




Q. — Who next appeared to .loseph Smith? 

A.— Elias. 

Q. — Whcm else did he see? 

A. — He saw Elijah ihe prophet. 

Q. — Did these heavenly beings speak to liim? 

A. — Ye.j; they all spoke to hini and told him what to do. 

Q. — Who were the llrst Elders called upon to take a foreign 
mission? 

A. — Heber C. Kimball, Orson Hyde, Willanl Kiohards, and 
Joseph Fielding. 

Q. — What country were they sent to? 

A.— England. 

Q. — When did they leave Kirtland to start on their journej-? 

A.— On Tuesday, June ]:!, 18:57. 

Q. — Wliere did Joseph the prophet go to a few weeks after this? 

A. — He went to visit the Saints in Canada. 

Q. — Who were with Joseph on this short mission? 

A. — Sidney Kigdon and Thomas B. Marsh. 

Q.— Who presided over the Saints in Canada at that time? 

A.— Elder John Taylor. 

Q. — When did .Joseph and his brethren return to Kirtland? 

A. — About the last of August. 

Q.— What took place soon after this? 

A.— Some of the Apostles, and many others wore cut off the 
Church for apostasy. 



There is an enduring tenderness in the love of a mother to 
a son, that transcends all other affections of the heart. It is 
neithei to be chilled by selfishness, nor daunted by danger, 
nor weakened by worthlessness, nor stifled by ingratitude. 
She will sacrifice every comfort to his convenience; she will 
surrender every pleasure to his enjoyment; .she will glory in 
his fame, and e.xult in his prosperity; and if adversity over- 
fake him, he will be the dearer to her by misfortune; and if 
di.=grace .settle upon his name, she will still love and cherish him; 
and if all the world beside east him off, she will be all the 
world to him. 



crxjvEisriLE iisrsTE.xjoToi?y 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST A FIFTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 
^^-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
1 Salt Lake City, Utih. 




