
t^* 



VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1870. 



NO. 3. 



[For the Juvenile Insfnictor. 



^>,. 



THE engraving we present to our readers to-day, repre- 
sents a Hiidoo woman in the act of consigning her 
babe to a watery grave. 

Tlie Hindoos oceuiiy a portion of India, and are a veiy 
superstitious and beniglited people. In number 20, Vol. 
4, we gave you an account of the Fakirs, a certain class of 
Hindoos, and also a short sketch of the ceremony, or sac- 
rifice prac- 
tice d a- 
mong the 
H i n doos, 
and called 
theSuttee. 
The Suttee 
is the vol- 
u n t a r y 
s u b m i s- 
sion of a 
woman to 
be burned 
alive, with 
the dead 
body of 
her hus- 
band, hop- 
ing there- 
by, accord- 
ing to her 
tradition, 
to have 
the privi- 
lege of fol- 
lowing his 
de parti n g 
spirit. 

T li e s e 
people are 
idolatrous; 
in other 

words, they worship images, animals of various kinds, 
and often a mytli — a souietliing, they know not wliat — 
which exists merely in their imagination. Their ideas of 
religion are very vague and extremely absurd. 

Some years ago it was customary for tliousands of peo- 
ple to visit this river annuuliy to worship and bathe 
in the sacred waters. Numerous victims of both sexes, in 
their excess of zeal and ignorance, were wont to cast 




themselves from the cliffs above into its waters to drown, 
and be devoured by the alligators abounding there; sup- 
posing thereby to expiate their sins, and appease the 
wrath of their god. Women too, were in the habit of 
throwing their children into the river for a like purpose. 
Our engraving, although it illustrates the suliject, and 
serves to show our young readers the ignorance, sin 

and degra- 
dation of 
this peo- 
ple, is not 
a corr e c t 
one, in 
that it re- 
presents 
t li e wo- 
man as be- 
ing alone. 
They were 
in theliab- 
it of going 
in i m- 
m e n s e 
crowds, 
and not 
singly. 
For in- 
stance, 
that class 
or caste of 
Hindoos 
calledBra- 
h m i n s 
have a tra- 
dition con- 
cern i n g 
tlie c rea- 
tion which 
leads them 

to believe that it commenced by a seed being planted in the 
waters, whicli afterwards l)ecame an egg, and from which 
Brahma, the creator, liurst forth or was born. Another tradi- 
tion tliey liave, e(iuall y at)surd, is that India, the country in 
wliich they dwell, is a planet of itself, separate and apart 
from the rest of the world. According to their Ix'lief every 
river, fountain or stream is a diety itself, or has a divinity 
presiding over it, and their superstition is so strong as to 



!$^^- 



t^i 




18 



Cr U -V E! 3Sr I L El IltTSTI^TJOTOI^ 






r^^ 



lead them tx) make long pilgrimages to worship or do 
homage to these different gods. One of the most cele- 
brated of these is the river Ganges, the one, we presume, 
that is represented in our engraving. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






SOIDITJn^- - ISrj^TT^TUl^, 



THERE is great similarity between this element and 
Potassium; so much so that many suppose they are of 
common origin. When tlie metal sodium (Na.) is placed 
upon water it does not behave precisely like potassium; 
as an experiment it is not so brilliant, but the results are 
almost the same. Both produce a like alkaline body, 
which produce by their combinations similar salts. Look 
at the formula and compare it with K.O.H. (potassa) Na. 
O.H. is soda. The metal sodium separates oxygen from 
water forming an oxide (protoxide) retaining an atom of 
hydrogen, forming a hydrate, setting one atom of hydro- 
gen free. Again, both these alkaline bodies have like 
affinities, for C. 2 O. carbonic acid, forming carbonates. 
K.O., C-2.0. is a carbonate of potash Na.O., C2.0. is 
a carbonate of soda. And there is a like affinity for other 
bodies. But there is a difference in the history of these 
bodies: potash is of vegetable, soda of animal origin; both, 
however, have relation to organic existence. Soda is 
obtained from the ashes of sea-weed, potash from land 
plants. Potash is necessary to the juices (sap) of vege- 
tables, soda is indispensible to the existence of animals — 
human blood, for instance, could not be blood unless salt 
was iti it. Salt is this very element sodium, in union 
with the element chlorine, Na. CI. There are also potash, 
as well as soda salts in the blood. We have vast supplies 
of excellent salt in the Lake close by, and there are im- 
mense depositories of this necessary substance in some of 
our rocks. If any one is curious to see a .specimen of the 
pure "rock salt," they may see a fine piece, clear as crys- 
tal, at our excellent mu.-»eum. 

Soda is of great value also, in the arts; combined with 
fatty acids, it forms hard soaps. If the student will read 
the article "soap," he will see its mode of combination. 
Tliere is one process alluded to there which may be better 
understood now that the "law of substitution" has been 
explained, viz., the conversion of soft soaps (potash soaps), 
into hard soaps (soda soaps). When a caustic solution of 
pota.sh K.O.H. receives fatty matter, decomposition takes 
place. The stearic acid; or, if oil is used, the oleic acid is 
se|)arat('il from the glycerine, and united to the potash, 
forming a stearate or oleate of potash. Tliis soap remains 
soft, the glycerine being mechanically mixed with it. To 
convert this into a hard soap (soda soap), if a handful of 
salt iNa. CI.) is adiled, a doulile decomposition takes place 
by substitution. The sodium of the common salt leaves 
the chlorine and takes up the fatty aci 1, and the potash 
takes up the chlorine, forming a chloride of potassium. 
It will be noticed in this experiment that the soap forms 
a curd, and an underlye is .separated. This contains the 
chloride of potash and the glycerine, mixed, not combined. 
Now this is of great importance in the arts, for lye can be 
prepared from wood ashes and made caustic by (piieklime; 
and, to obtain the more valuable hard soap, salt, of which 
we have abundance, can be used. And, as many may 
suppose, some definite quantity of salt is to be added, it 



will be well to explain the mode of action. However 
much salt is used chemical combinations can only take 
jilace in definite proportions, the surplus salt, if any, will 
be found in the underlye. Still too much has a tendency 
to make the curd soap friable; practice will soon make 
perfect in this useful art. The reason why the soap 
separates from the underlye is: soap is insoluble in salt 
water. 

Then we find that this metal sodium in combina- 
tion finds its way into the blood by our food; soda salts 
are found in nearly every article prepared for our use. 
The carbonate of soda and tartaric acid form our 
"baking powders." SoJa is added to our cakes to make 
them "light." Sometimes this is overdone. When fatty 
matte#is used, a little soda may combine with it advan- 
tageously. But, when free soda is taken into the stomach, 
mischief may be done The digestion of food is effected 
by acid juices; alkalies neutralize acids. This is why 
indigestion occurs sometimes, when pastry in which soda 
is too freely used is eaten. Salt is put in bread, iu this 
way we receive this necessary substance. And, we take 
it into the system with impunity, it is on every table as a 
condiment. Suppose now, as philosophers, we try to find 
out some of the uses of salt in the blood. Salt increases 
the specific gravity of fluids, a pint of salt water is 
heavier than a pint of fresh. Blood is a saline fluid; water 
would permeate through the delicate coats of the contain- 
ing vessels, the veins and arteries; blood will not, it is too 
viscid. This quality is owing to the presence of .salt. Salt 
also acts as a separator, just as it produces an exchange of 
elements iu soap making. When chlorine is wanted in 
the gastric juices to dissolve the food, salt helps to supply 
it. And it helps tm carry off effete and worn-out matter 
by the secretions. 

Tills element is very abundant, the sea, the air, the 
watei'S, and the rocks contain it. It is of the highest im- 
portance to man in its uses, apart from its use as food. A 
large number of compounds are prepared from the com- 
mon carbonate for bleaching, soap-making, glass-making, 
for sulphate of soda, and the bi-carbonate of soda for 
bread-making. In its combinations it will again be 
brought prominently forward, as it plays a part iu a large 
number of changes iu experimental chemistry. Besides 
the elements kalium and natrium, there are four others, 
which form alkalies, they may be noticed as such, and the 
nature of those bodies explained. 

Beth, 



All, of us, however small or obscure we may be, 
possess more or less influence. And we are at liberty to 
use our influence for good or evil. The boy, who always 
takes a bold stand for the right, and sets a good example 
for others, is using his influence for good, and will, if he 
lives to become a man, see the good results of his course in 
hiniself and others; which to him will be an anii)le re- 
ward, while the boy who has not suflicient moral courage 
or stamina to take a course of this kind, but chooses to 
take the opposite and listen to the tcmptings of evil dis- 
posed persons, exerts his influence for evil; and will in 
after years experience the results, in sorrow to liimself 
and others. God requires us not only U) do right our- 
selves, but to iufliience others to do right. 



INIastku Charlie, aged 4 years, was not pleased on 
being reproved by his mother for some mischievous 
prank, and showed his displeasure in his face, when his 
mother remarked: "Why, Charlie, I am astonished to 
see you making faces at your mother!" Charlie bright- 
ened u]) at once and replied: "Why, I calculated to 
laugh, but, mamma, my face slipped." 



.1 



^1 




4jk^ 



j4 



0" TJ ^ E IsT I L E II<rSTI?.TJCTOI^, 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



THE Itnamn of Muscat, was bound for the East Indies; 
but was to touch at the Sandwich Islands. We were 
glad that we had to go no fartlier, so il was with positive 
delight that we learned, after being nearly four weeks on 
board, that we would soon be at the end of our voyage. 
The sight of land is most welcome to those who have 
been weeks at sea, especially if tliey suttered from sea- 
sickness. To our eyes, therefore, the rough, mountainous 
isles of the Hawaiian group were very beautiful. We 
longed to tread upon them. 

For myself I was scarcely intended for a sailor. lam very 
easily made sick by the motion of a vessel ou the water, 
and no amount of going to sea prevents this. Some years 
since, while crossing the Atlantic, I lay sea-sicK in my 
berth, and, to divert my mind, I tried to recall the number 
of difterent times I had been in that condition. I counted 
upwards of fifty distinct occasions that I had suflered 
from this sensation, and I have been sea-sick a number of 
times since. 

During the night we passed the island of Hawaii, the 
largest of the group, and the one on which Captain Cook, 
the tii-st white man whom we know who discovered these 
islands, was killed. The next morning the island of 
Maui was seen in the distance. Then Molokai and 
Lanai; and the morning following, when we arose, we 
were sailing alongside of Oahu, the island on which "the 
town of Honolulu, the capital of the kingdom is 
situate. 

The town of Honolulu is built on an extensive flat of 
great fertility. The town is pretty, and wears a tropical 
look; but, since the time of which I write, its buildings 
and surroundings have been greatly improved. Groves of 
cocoa-nut trees, with their long feathery leaves, and tall 
graceful trunlcs, were growing liere and there in the 
vicinity of the town, and trees of other kinds were also 
abundant in and around it. Beliind Honolulu stretelies 
Avhat is called the Nuuunu valley, a beautiful country, 
which, even when we first visited it, was selected as a 
jjroper locality for the villas and country residences and 
gardens of the officers of the government, tlie missionaries 
and mercliants. On the right of tlie harbor of Honolulu 
is "Punch Bowl Hill," a large hill where once a volcano 
burned, but which is now extinct. Tlie name is very 
suitable, for the volcano has left it more like a Punch- 
Bowl than anything else. While yet some miles from 
the mouth of the harbor we met several canoes; containing 
natives of the islands, \ylio were out fishing. These 
canoes were merely logs hollowed out; but they were 
easily managed, and, with the aid of sails, their progress 
through the water was very rapid. To prevent their 
turning over, they had outriggers fastened to their sides. 

A coral reef, over which the sea breaks with a tremen- 
dous roar, even in calm weather, extends nearly around 
the harbor of Honolulu. The entrance is very narrow, 
and seemed difficult of access, and as we entered, guided by 
a skillful pilot, a man was kept busy throwing the lead to 
learn the depth of water. On the reef were the wrecks of 
several vessels. The water was beautifully clear, and it 
was easy to distinguish the bottom as we sailed along. 
No sooner was the anchor dropped than the decks were 
crowded with natives; some trying to sell bananas, 
oranges, cocoa nuts, melons and other fruits (this was in 
the month of December;) and others anxious to take us 
ashore. The monotoneus character of tlieir language, 
their rapid utterance, their numerous gestures, caused us 
to watch them with interest. We thought them a strange 



^'yx 




people. I little thought at that time that I would ever 
learn their language, or become as familiar with their 
customs as I afterwards did; for though we had been sent 
on missions to the Islands, we supposed our time would be 
occupied in preaching to the whi.es. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



TO THIE SXJiTBE^nVvd:. 



For your present example — 

Your future one, too, 
"To the ''sunbeam,'' waa written 

Expressly for you. 

Reflect on the sunbeam, 

Auil each aim to be 
A sunbeam of virtue, 

And nobility. 

Be ever like sunbeams, 

To make all hearts glad- 
To warm the cold bosom. 
And cheer up the sad. 

Like the sunbeam, De sportiye 

In innocent glee; 
And trv to be happy 

Wherever you be. 

As sunbeams of beauty. 
Let God's spirit shine 

In your hearts and your faces. 
With beauty divine. 

Be upright and honest. 

In work and in play; 
Do good to Bich other 

Whenever you may. 

Be firm to your purpose. 

In what you pursue; 
Be sunbeams of honor 

And excellence too. 

As SODS and as daughters 

Of ZioD, prepare, 
lu the work of rederaptioOj 

To do a great share. 

As sunbeams, be useful. 

And goodness distil; 
That high posts of honor 

And trust, you may fill. 

Be sunbeams of truth, and 

Be sunbeams of love; 
And exhibit the wisdom 

That comes from above. 



Ji. R. S. 



To be thoughtful for others, on the way of life, is one 
of the most essential elements in good manners; and, like 
all accomphshments, this can be learned. 

It is much easier to think right without doing right, 
than to do right without thinking right. Just thoughts 
may, and often do, fail of producing just deeds, but just 
deeds are sure to beget just thoughts. 




^^" so 



0" TJ 'V' E ItTI H. E IlSrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



®Ti0 itt&^nil^ Itt^ftmclop, 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

S A f U i D A Y " "f EB RU A R Y "5 ' TsTo. 



H E Theatre iu this city can be made one 
of the finest ball-rooms in the countiy, 
there not being many as fine in any of the 
large cities of the East. There is a floor 
all fastened together in sections, which is 
prejiared, so that when it is desired to 
make it a ball-room, it can be laid down 
over the parquette; and this with the stage 
gives I'oom enough for twenty-five sets for 
■otillion dance, or one hundred couple. There 
lave been some very grand parties held there this 
rinter, where the grown-up people enjoyed theni- 
elves very much; but the most pleasing and 
iiteresting parties we have seen have been 
which the managers got up for the juveniles. 
"What innocent joy and pleasure the little folks did 
^^^^^i" manifest at those parties! They danced and frolicked 
-c^7\ to their hearts' content. The dancing commenced in 
the afternoon, and afterwards there was an intermis- 
sion to allow the juveniles either to go home to supjier, or, if 
they had brought it with them, to eat it there. Then dancing 
was resumed, and kept up till about 10 o'clock, when the par- 
ties were closed. Numbers of persons paid to get into the 
galleiy of the Theatre to witness the dancing, and to enjoy the 
sight of the children and their happiness. It is not often such 
a scene is witnessed, and in looking upon it we thought that 
the angels would view it with plea.sure. We neither .saw nor 
heard of any quarreling or unijleasantncss of auj' kind; but all 
was peace and harmony and innocent glee. A'isitors who 
entered the Theatre on those occa.sions must have been struck 
with the number of children present, their healthy appearance 
and their vivacity. This Ls a great country for children. 




Tl71lITIN(r about the number of children there are in this 
'" countr)', brings to mind the reports which we hear from 
our Elders who are now on mi.ssions in the East. In traveling 
aromid they are struck with the fewness of the children in that 
country. Quite a contrast in this respect with Utah. It is 
but seldom, they say, in families which think themselves fash- 
ionable, that they have more than two children, and in many 
Cii.ses they have none! Many peoi)le think it vcrj' vulgar to 
have a large number of children. People who are low and 
poor may have the trouble of caring for them and bi-inging 
theui up; but, in many persons' opinion.s, it is altogether im- 
proper for respectable families to have a brood of children. 
Instead of looking upon them as a blessing, they \ncw them as 
a burden! How different is this feeling to that which men and 
women have in this Territory! Here they think their children 
a iirceious gilt from the Lord, and ever\' child they have gi\en 
luito them is received with gladness. And how much it ad<ls 
to the happiness of chiitlren to have brothers and sisters for 
companions. The writer win recollect Ikjw delighted h(! was 
when his first brother was born; he was very young at the 
time; but the birth of a brother added very much to his 
hajipiness; so with the brothers and sisters bora afterwards. 



Children, so far as we know, are always overjoyed when a 
baby brother or sister is born, and it is right they should be. 
The feeling is from the Lord; and the people who look upon 
children as a burden, or who think it vulgar to have them, get 
such thoughts from the evil one. 



\irE have often told our readers that they ought to be 
'' carefiJ about the kind of books they read. Better to 
not read at all than to read improper books; but children need 
not go without reading, for good books can be got in any 
number. We lately read of the evil which the reading of bad 
books produces. It was in England. Books which give a 
.short history of noted thieves, are sold there veiy cheap. They 
describe those rascals as great heroes, and an ignorant boy in 
reading them might think that to be a robber would be quite a 
fine life to lead. A gang of boys, between the ages of fourteen 
and eighteen, had read these books, and they thought they 
would turn robbers and have a ' 'robbers' cave. ' ' So they picked 
out an old railroad arch, and commenced the bu.siness of steal- 
ing. They stole chickens and other things, and carried them 
there and cooked them. One daj' a servant girl found one of 
them in her master's garden, and he drew a pistol, like some 
of the robbers he had been reading about, and pointed it at 
her. He was caught, and this led to the finding of the others. 
They were taken before the judge, who sent them to prison, 
where they had to work at hard labor for one month. This 
broke up the gang. 

Here is a direct instance of the effect of bad reading upon 
young people. These boys became thieves, were di-sgraced, 
sent to prison to work at hard labor, and when their time in 
prison will be ended they will come out disgraced. Probably 
sending them to prison will not check them; they may come 
out and be as bad or worse than ever. And all this from 
readir.g improper books! Children, do not read them. Do 
not read novels, and fancy tales; they will injure j'ou. 



oicrxj^s" j^ Boir. 



On'y a boy, with his noise and fun, 

The veriest mystery under the sun. 

As brimful of mischief, and twitch and glee, 

As ever a human frame can be; 

And as hard to manage as — what? ah, me! 

'Tis hard to tell, 

Yet we love him well. 

Only a boy, with his fearless tread, 
Who cannot be driven, but must be led; 
Who troubles the neighbor? dogs and cats. 
And tears more clothes and spoils more hats, 
Loses more tops, and kites and bats, 

Thau would stock a store 

For a year or more. 

Only a boy, with his wild, strange ways. 
With his idle hours or his busy days; 
With his queer remarks, and odd replies, 
Sometimes foolish, and sometimes wise. 
Often brilliant for one of his size. 

As H meteor hurled 

From the planet world. 

Only a boy, who will be a man, 
If Nature goes on with her first great plan — 
If water, or fire, or some fatal snare. 
Conspire not to rob us of this our heir, 
Our blessing, our trouble, our rest, our care, 
Our torment, our joy! 
• ''Only a boy." 



!5 





CrTJ^E]3^IIl.E! IIsrSTI?.TJCTOI^. 




SI 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 




^f^l 



"VrONE of us ciin read far iu the Old or New Testament 
-L" without noticing the importance of water to the 
Israelites in Palestine; and, indeed, in. every country in 
which they or their forefathers journeyed or dwelt; but 
more particularly in the deserts in which they wandered 
when they left Egypt under the guidance of Moses. We 
who dwell in Utah can readily realize the value of water 
to ancient Israel, without a niullltude of reasons being 
given; most of us understand it too well from the experi- 
ence of our own lives. 

To dig a 
well in almost 
rainless Pal- 
estine, Ara- 
bia, and other 
oriental lands 
was, in an- 
cient times 
considered a 
labor of suffi- 
cient import- 
ance to give 
the person 
who perform- 
ed the work 
a right to the 
land that was 
brought into 

cultivation thereby. Indeed, to-day, in those climes, to 
dig a well at a spot remote from a supply of water, is the 
most difficult task which the chief of a tribe undertakes; 
and the benefit of such a work is so highly esteemed, that 
"the property in the well becomes vested in him and in 
his hell's forever." While his tribe is encamped near the 
well, no person, not belonging to it, can draw water there- 
from without leave. However, if the well gets out of 
repair, or is choked up, and so remains for any length of 
time, the property in it lapses to the tribe or person who 
restores it to a serviceable condition. This is the law of 
the desert in our times. 

It is probable that the existence of such a law as this in 
the days of the Patriarchs caused the trouble that arose 
between the servants of Abraham and Isaac and those of 
Abimelech, as to the right of the former to dig weils, and 
use the water within the territory of the Philistines. 
These latter, no doubt, dreaded to have the warlike fol- 
lowers of Abraham and his son for near neighbors. 

It was the custom in older times, and it is the same to- 
day, for the young maidens of the cities of Palestine and 
the neighboring countries to go iu parties, to draw water 
from the wells, at stated hours of the day. The well or 
fountain of a city thus becomes the rendezvous, where the 
news of the day is talked over, and the chit-chat and 
gossip of the i^opulation is circulated. It was, no doubt, 
on an occasion such as this that Rebekah met the servant 
of Abraham, when he went to seek a wife for Isaac, and 
to such a custom he referred in his prayer to the Lord: 

"Beliold, I stand here by the well of water; and the daughters 
of the men of the city come out to draw water: and let it come 
to pass, that tbe damsel to whom I shall say letdown thy 
pitcher, I pray thee, that I may drink; and she shall say, 
drink, and I will pive thy camels drink also; lettbesamebe 
she that thou hast appointed for thy servant I^stac; and there- 
by shall 1 know that thou hast shewed kindness unto my 
master." 

It must be remembered that it would be a very unlikely 
thing for any one of the maidens of the city to make such 



an answer did not the Lord direct her, as it was a work of 
no small labor to draw water for a man and his ten 
camels, these animals being by uo means small drinkers. 
Such a fountain as is seen in our engraving, may be 
found near Nazareth and u\:^ny other cities of the Holy 
Land. In fact the scene here represented has its counter- 
part in almost every e;istern city. Here also we see the 
form of water bottles, that have lieen used in those lands 
from the days of Shem until now; the peculiar style of 
dress, the veiled woman, the ever present camel and the 
general ct cfctera's that go to make up an oriental scene, 
altogether giving us an excellent idea of life in the far 

east. 

G. R. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



IP I?, o IP h: E T . 



THIB 




E can imagine how Joseph would have 
enjoyed himself had he ever reached 
these mountains. How he would have 
rejoiced iu the freedom he would 
have had here! From his youth 
he was a persecuted and hunted 
man; he scarcely ever saw a day's 
peace. Mobs and wicked men were 
continually forming plans to destroy 
him. But could he have reached here, 
he would have enjoyed liberty without 
being molested. He knew this, and it was 
his desire to come here, and to have the 
people established here; for he knew and 
predicted that the Saints would become 
ghty people in the Rocky Mountains. But 
all his plans and hopes were overturned by the 
persuasions and remonstrances of cowardly, 
selfish persons, who ought to have been his 
friends, and who, instead of entreating him to 
go back, should have helped him to carry out that 
which God revealed to him. When men whom 
God has chosen to act in authority are led to give 
certain counsel, or to take a certain course, the person 
who seeks to change that counsel, or to divert them 
from that course, incurs a fearful responsibility. Yet it 
is frequently done. There are many people who are not 
willing to have the man who has the authority dictate 
what shall be done; they can not trust him; they have 
some better plan to suggest. In this way counsel is 
darkened, the spirit of God is grieved and trouble follows. 
We have noticed, from the days of which we write until 
the present, that whenever men were reluctant to adopt 
the plans and counsel of those in authority, and urged 
their own iu the stead, that God's blessing did not rest 
upon them. When a man has the right to counsel and 
to decide what shall be done, and his mind is clear on the 
point, there should be no division on the subject, and 
men who do not have the authority should never presume 
to suggest other plans, as superior to that of the man who 
presides. 

The instructions of Joseph's wife, Emma, to the men 
whom she requested to cross the river and intreat him to 
return to Nauvoo were well carried out. She had sent 
the same message by Bro. O. P. Rockwell; hut he knew 




I 



ss 



0" TJ 'ST E IN" I 31. E IltTSTI^TJOTOIR;. 




his duty too well to attempt to use any influence of that 
kind with Joseph. Not so with the others, they felt as 
Emma did about Joseph's return, and were earnest ad- 
vocates of her suggestion. When it was decided to return, 
Joseph and Hyrum wrote a letter to Governor Ford. In 
this Joseph stated that his only objection to a trial at 
Carthage was on account of assassins and the fear of 
deathly consequences from their hands. But now he 
and Hyrum otTered to go out to Carthage as early as it 
would be convenient for him to send a posse ,to escort 
them to head-quarters; provided they could have a fair 
trial, not be abused, and have all things done in due 
form of law and without partiality. They told him when 
and where they would meet the posse, if the letter should 
be satisfactory. He also wrote other letters, one to an 
attorney and one to a witness whom he wished to meet 
at Carthage. 

He then, accompanied by Hyrum, Dr. Richards, O. P. 
Rockwell, and others, started back with the intention of 
crossing the river to Nauvoo. As they walked towards 
the river he fell behind with O. P. Rockwell. The 
others shouted to him to come on. Joseph replied: 

"It is of no use to hurry, for we are going back to be slaugh- 
tered." 

This thought was evidently uppermost in his mind. He 
continually expressed the wish to get the people together 
that night to talk to them once more. O. Porter Rock- 
well said, if that was his wish he would collect the people, 
and he could talk to them by starlight. But when they 
arrived at his mansion, and his family surrounded him, 
he tarried there all night and gave up the idea of preach- 
hig to the saints by starlight. 

Colonel Theodore Turley and Elder Jedediah M. Grant 
were the bearers of his letter to Governor Ford, at Carth- 
age. Upon reading it the Governor agreed to send a posse 
to escort Joseph in safety to Carthage. But, immediately 
afterwards, a lawyer by the name of Skinner came in and 
made a very bitter speech to the Governor about Joseph; 
he was joined in this by Wilson Law, the apostate, and 
Joseph H. Jackson, a man who had been guilty of almost 
every crime. They told him naught but lies. This con- 
duct caused Elder Grant to ask if messengers to him were 
to be insulted in that manner. The poor, pitiful creature 
of a Governor was so easily influenced by what those 
enemies said to him, that he treated the brethren coldly, 
and took back the promise he had made about sending an 
escort to accompany Joseph. It was an honor, he said, 
not given to any other citizen. Neither would he suffer 
the brethren to stay in Carthage through the night; but 
ordered them to start for Nauvoo at 10 o'clock, and carry 
ordora to Joseph to be at Carthage by 10 o'clock the next 
morning without an escort. He threatened that if Joseph 
did not give himself up at that time, Nauvoo would be 
destroyed, and all the men, women and children that were 
in it. The horses of the brethren were so tired that they 
did not reach Nauvoo until 4 o'clock on the morning of 
the 24th. They reported to Joseph the excitement which 
jirevailed in Carthage; but he had promised to go there, 
and he wa.s determined to go and give himself up to the 
Governor. No warning of the trouble likely to occur at 
Carthage hail any tflcct upon him then; he had made up 
his mind. 

On the morning of tlie 24th, .Toseph, accompanied by 
tlie eighteen brethren, whom Francis M. Higbee, under 
oath, had accused of a riot in destroying the Xanvoo 
JCrpositor press, and several other brethren, started for 
Carthage. When they got to tlie Temple, Joseph paused 
and looked with admiration upon that building, and then 
upon the city, and remarked: 



^'>^ 



"This is the loveliest place and the best people under the 
heavens; little do they know the trials that await them." 

As he passed out of the city, he called on Bro. Daniel 
H. Wells, who was unwell, and who was not at that time 
in the church; and on parting he said: 

"Squire Wells, I wish you to cherish my memory, and not 
think me the worst man in the world either." 

Four miles from" Carthage they met a company of about 
sixty mounted militia, under the command of a Captain 
Dunn. On seeing them Joseph said to the brethren: 

"Do not be alarmed, brethren, for they cannot do more to 
you than the enemies of the truth did to the ancient Saints — 
they can only kill the body." 

{To be continued.) 



THE potter's art, one of the oldest in the world, after 
having been carried to a high pitch of excellence by 
the ancients, fell into decay during the middle ages, and 
the knowledge of many of the most important processes 
died out. Vases and other articles of earthernware, 
painted or enameled, remained as relics of the past, but 
the secret of their manufacture had passed away with 
those who made them, and had to be rediscovered by the 
moderns. 

Among the first of those who applied themselves to the 
revival of the art in Europe was Luca della Robbia, a 
sculptor of some eminence at Florence. He had been 
bred to the trade of goldsmith, but abandoned it to be- 
come a sculptor. A man of a singularly enthusiastic and 
earnest nature, he applied himself arduously to his pro- 
fession. He worked all day with his chisel, and sat up, 
even through the night, to study. "Often," says Vasari, 
"when his feet were frozen with cold in the night time, 
he kept them in a basket of shavings to warm them, that 
he might not be compelled to discontinue his drawings." 
Such devotion could hardly fail to secure success. Luca 
was recognized as one of the first sculptors of the day, and 
executed a number of great works in bronze aud marble. 
On the conclusion of some important commissions, he 
was struck with the disproportion between the payment 
he received and the time and labor he had expended; and, 
abandoning marble and bronze, resolved to work in clay. 
Before he could do that, however, it was necessary to 
discover some means of rendering durable the works 
which he executed in that material. Applying himself 
to the task with characteristic zeal and perseverance, he 
at length succeeded in discovering a mode of protecting 
such productions from the injuries of time, by means of a 
glaze or enamel, which conferred not only an almost 
eternal durability, but additional beauty on his works in 
terra cotta. At first this eramel was of a pure white, but 
he afterwaids added the further invention of coloring it 
The fame of these productions si)road over Europe, and 
Luca found abundant and profitable employment during 
the rest of his days, the work being carried on, after his 
death, by brothers and descendants. 

The next great master in the art was Bernard Palissy, — 
a man distinguished not only for his artistic genius, but 
for his philosophical attainments, his noble, manly 
character, and zealous piety. Born of poor parents about 
the beginning of the sixteentli century, Bernard I'aljssy 
was taken as apprentice by a land-surveyor, who hud been 
much struck with the boy's (juickncss and ingenuity. 
Land-surveying, of course, involved seme knowledge of 
drawing; and thus a taste for painting was developed. 



h 





'1^ 



^^K 



J" TJ "V E IsT I Xj E IIsrSTI?.TJOTOI?/, 



!J^ 



S3 



From drawing lines and diagrams he went on to copy 
from the great masters. As this new talent became known 
he obtained employment in painting designs on glass. 
He received commissions in various parts of the country 
and in his travels employed his mind in the study of 
natural objects. He examined the character of the soils 
and minerals upon his route, and the better to grapple 
with the subject, devoted his attention to chemistry. At 
length he settled and married at Staines, and for a time 
lived thriftily as a painter. 

One day he was shown an elegant cup of Italian manu- 
facture, beautifully enameled. The art of enameling was 
then entirely unknown in) France, and Palissy was at 
once seized with the idea, that if he could but discover 
the secret it would enable him to place his wife and 
family in greater comfort. "So, therefore," he writes, 
"regardless of the fact that I had no knowledge of clays, I 
began to seek for these enamels as a man gropes in the 
dark. I reflected that God had gifted me with some 
knowledge of drawing, and I took courage in my heart, 
and besought him to give me wisdom and skill." 

He lost no time in commencing his experiments. He 
bought a quantity of earthen pots, broke them into frag- 
ments, and covering them with various chemical com- 
pounds, baked them in a little furnace of his own con- 
struction, in the hope of discovering the white enamel, 
which he had been told was the key to all the rest. 
Again and again he varied the ingredients of the composi- 
tions, the proportions in which they were mixed, the 
quality of the clay on which they were spread, the heat 
of the furnace to which they were subjected; but the 
white enamel was still as great a mystery as ever. Instead 
of discouraging, each new defeat seemed to confirm his 
hope of ultimate success and to increase his perseverance. 
Painting and surveying he no longer practised, except 
when sheer necessity compelled him to resort to them to 
provide bread for his family. The discovery of the 
enamel had become the great mission of his life, and to 
that all other occupations must be sacrificed. "Thus 
having blundered several times at great expense- and 
through much trouble, with sorrows and sighs, I was 
every day pounding and grinding new materials and 
constructing new furnaces, which cost much money, and 
consumed my wood and my time." Two years had passed 
now in fruitless efTort. Food was becoming scarce in the 
little household, his wife worn and shrewish, the children 
thin and siclily. But then came the thought to cheer 
him — when the enamel was fouud his fortune would be 
made, there would then be an end to all his privations, 
anxieties, and domestic unhappiness, Lisett« would live 
at ease, and his children lack no comfort. No, the work 
must not be given up yet. His own furnace was clumsy 
and imperfect, — perhaps his compositions would turn out 
better in a regular kiln. So more pots were bought and 
broken into fragments, which, covered with chemical 
preparations, were fired at a pottery in the neighborhood. 
Batch after batch was prepared and despatched to the 
kiln, but all proved disheartening failures. Still with 
"great cost, loss of time, confusion, and sorrow," he perse- 
vered, the wife growing more shrewish, the children 
more pinched and haggard. By good luck at this time 
came the royal commissioueis to establish the gabelle or 
tax in the district of Saintonge, and Palissy was employed 
to survey the salt marshes. It was a very profitable job, 
and Palissy's affairs began to look more flourishing. But 
the work was no sooner concluded, than the "will o' the 
wisp," as his wife and neighbors held it, was dancing 



again before his eyes, and he was back, with redoubled 
enei-gy, to his favorite occupation, "diving into the 



secret of enamels." 



Two years of unremitting, anxious toil, of grinding and 
mixing, of innumerable visits to the kiln, sanguine of 
success, with ever new preparations; of invariable journeys 
home again, sad and weary, for the moment utterly dis- 
couraged; of domestic bickerings; of mockery and censure 
among neighbors, and still the enamel was a mystery — 
still Palissy, seemingly as far from the end as ever, was 
eager to prosecute the search. He appeared to have an 
inward conviction that he would succeed; but meanwhile 
the remonstrances of his wife, the pale, thin faces of his 
bairns, warned him he must desist, and resume the 
employments that at least brought food and clothing. 
There should be one more trial on a grand scale, — if that 
failed, then there should be an end of his experiments. 
"God willed," he says, "that when I had begun to lose 
my courage, and wiia gone for the last time to a glass-fur- 
nace, having a man with me carrying more than three 
hundred pieces, there was one among those pieces which 
was melted within four hours after it had been placed in 
the furnace, which trial turned out white and polished, in 
a way that caused me such joy as made me think I was 
become a new creature." He rushed home and burst into 
his wife's chamber, shouting, "I have found it!" 



"■w-^TOti, ^ynoTHEi^," 



Mother, watch the little feet, 
CUmbing o'er the garden wall, 

Bounding through the busy street, 
Ranging cellar, shed and ball. 

Never count the momenta lost. 

Never count the time it costs; 

Guide them, mother, while you may, 

In the safe and narrow way. 

Mother, watch the little hand, 
Picking berries by the way; 
Making houses in the sand. 

Tossing up the fragrant hay. 
Never dare the question ask — 
"Why to me the weary task?" 
The same litt'e hands may prove 
Messengers of liglit and love. 

Mother, watch the little tongue, 
(Prattling, eloquent and wild), 
What is said and what is sung 
By the joyous, happy child. 
Catch the word while yet unspoken. 
Stop the vow before 'tis broken ; 
This same tongue may yet proclaim 
Blessings in a Savior's name. 

Mother, watch the little heart, 

Beating soft and warm for you; 
Wholesome lessons now impart; 
Keep, O keep that young heart true. 
Extricating every weed. 
Sowing good and precious seed: 
Harvest rich you then may see, 
Ripeu for eternity. 



A BLUFF old farmer says: "If a man professes to serve the 
Lord, I like to see him do it when he measures onions, as 
well as when he hollers glory, halleluyar." This remark 
will apply to more transactions than measuring onions. 



Evil thoughts are worse enemies than lions and tigers; 
for we can keep out of their way, but bad thoughts 
win their way everywhere. The cup that is full will 
hold no more: keep your head and heart full of good 
thoughts, thatbad ones may find no room to enter. 







^^ S4r 



J'TJ^EItTILEl IIvrSTi^TJOTOI^/. 



IG^ 






THIE 



[For the Juvenile Iiisfructor. 



AliATE writer in giving a general idea of animals, 
says: 

"Animals are living beings whieh feed upon plants,— or, 
in many cases, upon animals whose food is plants— and which 
have the sense of feeling and the power of motion." 

The various kinds of animals are very numerous, from 
those so small that a thousand can sport in a drop of 
water, to the immense elephant, or huge whale; and their 
forms are as various as their sizes and kinds. But the 
name of animal is applied to all, whether they live on the 
earth, in the water, or amongst the clouds; or whether 
they walk, run, jump, crawl, swim or tly. 

The diflerent kinds of animals are divided into various 
classes or orders according to their sliape, habits or other 
distinguishing mark or trait. Thus: those animals having 
"a backbone, containing a spinal cord, which is enhirged 
at the forward end into an organ called the brain," the 
backbone being made up of various parts called vertebra', 
have been named vertebrates. To this grand division be- 
long men, elei^hants, horses, oxen, camels, tigers, wolves' 
dogs, birds, turtles, lizards, snakes, frogs, whales, and 
most kinds of tishes; in fact, nearly everything we, in our 
common language, term animals. 




Now, bees, butterflies, flies and all other insects; together 
witli crabs, lobsters, shrimps and worms, belong to another 
division of animal life called articulates, which means 
jointed, from the fact of their bodies being formed of a 
number of rings or joints. 

Theii there are oysters, mussels, clams, snails, &c., wliich 
have neither a backbone nor a jointed body, but which 
have soft Ijodics, sometimes with a shell and sometimes 
without one. Tiiese are called radiates, from the fact of 
their parts radiating, or jutting out from a centre, like a 
star or flower; to tliis division belong the sea-urchins, sea- 
stars, jelly lishes and many others. 

Now, these four grand divisions are again divided into 
orders, classes, families, &c.; but we will only refer to the 
vertebrates to-day, as they are apparently to us the most 
important portion of the animal creation. 

The vertebrates are divided into mammals^ bii-ds, rep- 
tiles, batrachians and fishes. 

The mammals are those animals that bring forth living 
young and nou.ish them with milk. Tluy all breiithe the 
air by means of lungs, and have warm blood, which is 
sent throughout the body by means of a heart, like that 
of man. Mankind, monktys, cattle, beasts of prey, bats, 
rats, moles, opossums, sloths and whales belong to this 
portion of animal life. 

Now the mammals are again divided into a number of 
ordere known as man; monkeys or ijuadrumancs; flesli- 
eatcrs or carnivores; plunt-eateis or herbivores; whales or 



cetaceans; bats or cheiroi^ters; insect-eaters or insectivores; 
rodents or gnawers; edentates or toothless animals; mar- 
supials or pouched animals; duckbills or monotremes. 

Next to man, the most prominent class belonging to 
the mammals are the carnivores or flesh-eaters, most of 
whom are known as beasts of prey, from their living on 
the flash of smaller or weaker animals, which they cap- 
ture and devour. Their teeth and claws are very sharp. 
Their molars, or back teeth have sharp edges, and shut by 
each other like the blades of scissors, which enable them 
to cut the flesh they are eating into pieces tit for swal- 
lowing. 

The principal tribes or families belonging to the flesh- 
eating animals are cats, hyenas, dogs, wolves, foxes, 
civets, bears, raccoons, seals and the walrus. Of which 
the cat tribe stands at the head, they having "the keenest 
senses and the quickest moyements; they are also the 
most rapacious. Tlieir tread is noiseless, — the bottoms 
of their feet being like a cushion, they stealthily approach 
their prey, and when near enough, seize it with a sudden 
spring." To this family belong our well known friend the 
common cat, the wild cat, jaguar, lynx, puma, leopard, 
panther and tiger. 

Here we have the picture of a beautiful animal. It is 
a lion. Can you tell to which of these divisions, orders 
and families it belongs! Is it a vertebrate, an articulate, 
a mollusk or a radiate? It is a vertebrate, of course, be- 
cause it has a brain and back bone, and a mammal 
because it has warm blood, lungs and a heart, and the 
female suckles her young. What next? Is it an insect- 
eater, gnawer or plant eater? It belongs to none of them; 
but to the carnivores or flesh-eaters, as it lives on the flesh of 
antelopes, oxen, deer and other animals which it captures 
and kills. Now of what family of the carnivores does it 
belong? To the cats, dogs, seals, bears or hyenas? To 
the cats; for the description we have given above of the 
animals of the eat tribe, e.\actly answers the description 
of the lion. Its senses are keen, its movements quick, 
and it is very rapacious. It noiselessly approaches ita 
prey' and with a sudden spring seizes it and carries it 
off. 

Now you understand something about the way that 
naturalists have divided the animal creation so as to be 
better able to exjjlain and distinguish the form, habits 
and traits of character of the birds, beasts and tishes 
created by God. 

G. B. 



A COLLEGK-PROFESSOR encouraged his geology-class to 
collect specimens, and one day they deposited a piece of 
brick, streaked antl stained, with their collection, think- 
ing to impose ujjon the doctor. Taking up the sijeclmens, 
the i)rofessor remarked: "This is a piece of baryta from 
the Cheshire mines;" holding up another, "This is a piece 
of feldspar from the Portlanil ((Uarries; and this," coming 
to the brick, "is a piece of impudence from some member 
of this class." 



crxj'^rEisriLiE] i3srsTi?.TJGTo:E^ 

Is imblished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territuri', 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Si)if/le Cop;/, per A7muM $'i <)0. 

Sinyle Oipij, for Six MoiUhs 1 50. 

C»~(iriiiii hronijlit to IliiN City for the .Invi-xii.K TNsrRccrou will bo 
rcw.'ivcil at lliu ollice otour impcr— iJtsElifc,'!" ^^t^vs BulLltlxus. 



[■a 




