r 




VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 23, 1875. 



NO. 2. 




THE beautiful 
picture we 
here present to 
our readers il- 
lustrates one of 
the most im- 
pressive para- 
bles of our Sar- 
ior. This par- 
able was spo- 
ken to reprove 
the folly of the 
self- righteous, 
who boasted of 
their own good- 
ness and de- 
spised that of 
others. 

Jesus said: 
"T wo men 
went up into 
the temple to 
pray; the one a 
Pharisee, and 
the other a 
publican. The 
Pharisee stood 
and prayed 
thus with him- 
self, God, I 
thank thee that 
lam not as oth- 
er men are, ex- 
tortioners, un- 
just, adulter- 
ers, or even a.s 
this publican. 
I fast twice in 
the week, I 
give tithes of 
all that I pos- 
ses.?. 

"And the 
publican, stand- 
ing afar off, 
would not lift 
so much as 




his eyes unto 
, heaven, but 
smote upon his 
breast, saying, 
God be merci- 
ful to me a sin- 
ner. 

"I tell you, 
this man went 
down to his 
house justified 
rather than the 
other: for every 
one tliat exalt- 
eth himself 
shall tie abased; 
and he that 
humbleth him- 
self sliall be 
exalted. ' ' 

How foolish 
and how sinful 
do the words of 
the Pharisee 
sound in our 
ears. What 
need had he to 
praise himself 
before God? 
If he were as 
good as he 
claimed to be, 
God knew it 
all, and did not 
need telling of 
it. But, could 
that self-justi- 
fied Pharisee 
have seen his 
own heart as 
God could see 
it, he would 
have k n o w n 
that it was full 
of malice, con- 
tempt and un 
charitaLlenesi 





l-i 



>JTJ^E35riILE in^STI?>TJOTOI^. 




towards his fellow men. Then, still worse, he does not only 
speak his own praise, but also accuses his neighbors of all sorts 
ot crimes. "I thank thee," he exclaims, "that I am not as 
other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers," etc. But, 
although he thus differed from others, and fasted and 
paid his tithes, which the Savior does not deny, yet the poor 
publican, who was conscious of his own weakne.ss and the 
goodness of God, was the more justified of the two; and his 
simple cry of "God be merciful to me a sinner." was more 
acceptable before the Lord that the boastful vaunting of the 
man who despised Him. 

This simple yet most beautiful parable teaches us that while 
it is acceptable to God for us to keep His laws, it is not well 
for us to glory in our goodness. Jesus once said there are 
none good but God; and the apostle Paul says that our self- 
righteousness is as filthy rags. We must work out our salva- 
tion before God with fear and trembling, and rely on the 
strength given by the Spirit of God, and not in the strength 
,of our own good actions, or we may, like the Pharisee, go 
from our prayers without the blessing and justification of God. 



^tnericn* 



BY G. M. O. 



JARED. 




( Continued. ) 

THE Zapotekas, of South America, boast ot being antedilu- 
vian in America, and to have built the city of Coatlan, so 
called because it was founded at a place which swarmed with 
serpents, Coat-Ian meaning .snake-city. It was built, according 
to their tradition, three hundred and twenty-seven years before 
the flood. At the time of the flood a remnant of their people, 
together with their king, named Petela, saved themselves on 
a mountain. 

The Aztec tradition, in fact, their laws and religion, were 
received from the Toltecs, whom they supplanted. They 
begin by telling us that Noah, whom they call Tezpi, saved 
himself and his wife, whom they call Xochiquetzal. on a raft 
or canoe. The raft or canoe rested at the foot of a mountain 
called Colhuacan after the flood. They say that on this raft, 
besides Tezpi and his wife, there were several children and 
animals, with grain, the preservation of which was of great 
importance to mankind. When the Great Spirit, Tezeatipoea, 
ordered the waters to withdraw, Tezpi sent from his raft a 
vulture, which never returned, on account of the great num- 
ber of dead carcasses found to feed upon. He then sent other 
birds, one of which was a humming-bird, which alone returned, 
holding in its beak a branch covered with leaves. Tezpi, 
seeing that fresh verdure covered the earth, quitted the raft 
near the mountain. They .say that the men born after this 
deluge were born dumb, but a dove distributed the languages 
to them. 

Professor Schoolcraft, in his elaborate report to the Smith- 
sonian Institute, and Catlin, in his history of the North 
American Indians, describe a very interesting ceremony, com- 
memorative of the deluge and releasing of the birds, as annu- 
ally performed by the Mandans, a nation now extinct, but who 
formerly inhabited the country between the- Little 3Iissouri 
and Yellowstone rivers. They are described as being of a 

uch fairer complexion than the Indians of other nations, it 



being no unusual thing to find i)ersons with blue eyes and 
fine reddish colored hair among them. They were domestic 
in their habits, resided in villages and engaged in agricultural 
pursuits. Among the painted pictures or books made of 
animals' skins (parchment) and of leaves (the aloe), examined 
by Humboldt were not only delineated pictures of the deluge, 
but of all the leading circum.stances in the history of the fall 
of man, and of the seduction of the woman by means of the 
serpent; also of the first murder, perpetrated by Cain on the 
person of his brother Abel. 

These traditions and paintings go far to prove the truthful- 
ness of the book of Genesis, and sustain and verify the record 
of Ether. No one can charge the aboriginal inhabitants, as 
found b}' Columbus and his followers, with priestcraft, their 
religion at that time not being of a Christian character. It is 
a link that connects them with Asia and their ancestor Noah, 
and all the circumstances connected with the stranding of the 
ark on Ararat, and the confounding and separation at Babel. 

Here, for some fifteen hundred years, the Jaredites flourished 
and grew into a great nation, building cities, cultivating the 
land and drifting into wickedness, until they were destro3'ed 
by the Lord, some six hundred years before Christ. Their 
historian lived to see and record this destruction, and his 
records were found by a colony of Israelites who came from 
Jerusalem about that time under the leadership of Nephi. 
This colony grew and multiplied in(o two mighty nations, 
called the Nephites and Lamanites. The latter nation, falling 
into idolatry, was cursed by God, and became dark and 
benighted. The American Indians are the descendants of 
this nation. The Nephites remained a civilized and enlight- 
ened nation, and had many blessings and privileges conferred 
upon them, but fiilling into wickedness in their turn, some 
time during the third or fourth century of the Christian era, 
they were finally destroyed by the Lamanites. The history of 
these two nations is found systematically recorded in the Book 
of Mormon, only, and it is impossible to separate the mass of 
secular evidence of the enlightenment and high cultivation of 
those ancient people that I shall give, or definitely ascribe a 
tradition, a record or a ruin to the people of Jared, or to the 
people of Nephi. The Jaredites undoubtedly left records, 
and monuments, and cities scattered over the land. These 
same cities were re-occupied by the Nephites, and their records 
and traditions were amalgamated. The Nephites in turn were 
destroyed, and the uncivilized Lamanites had .so entangled and 
interwoven and lost the connecting links of the several and 
distinct histories of the two great nations they supplanted, 
and so confounded and mixed the records with their own tradi- 
tions by the time of the European oceuiaancy, that it is beyond 
the power of man to fix data or determine as to what portion 
is of Jaredite and what of Nephite origin. 

Herrera, a Spanish historian of the sixteenth century, in 
his history of America (vol. 4, page 172), .says, '^Baptism 
was known in Yucatan; the name they gave it signified 
io he horn again." Here is a ceremony undoubtedly of 
Nephite origin. 

An important manuscript work, written two hundred years 
ago by Francisco Ximenes, is preserved in Guatemala. It is 
a translation from some of the "old books" of the natives; 
one of them, known as the ■'Popol-Vuh," in the native tongue 
(Quiche), has the Spanish translation annexed. This transla- 
tion remained in Guatemala, unprintcd and unknown, unti 
discovered in our time by Brasseur de Bourbourg, who has 
translated the work into French. The "Popol-Vuh" was 
■\7ritten in 1.5:iS, as an abridged reproduction of a very ancien 





CTTJ^EISriLE IIsrSTI^TJCTOI?.. 



15 




Quiche book, containing the history, traditions, religion and 
cosmogony of the Quiches. Professor Baldwin, speaking of 
this book, says: "It shows us their conceptions of the Supreme 
Being, and His relation to the world; it enables us to see what 
the3' admired in character, as virtue, heroism, nobleness, and 
beauty; it discloses their mythology, and their notions of 
religious worship; in a ' word; it bears witness to the fact 
that the various families of mankind are all of "one blood," 
so far, at least, as to be precisely alike in nature. ' ' The cos- 
mogony of the Quiches is undoubtedly far more ancient than 
the beginning of this people as a nation. According to the 
"Popol-vuh," the world had a beginning; there was a time 
when it did not exist; only "heaven" existed; below all was 
emptiness. Nothing existed in this space; neither man, 
animal, earth ■ or tree. Then appeare^i water, over which 
divine beings moved in brightness. They created earth; it 
came into being like vapor, and mountains rose above the 
waters. Thus was earth ci'feated by the Heart of Heaven. 
Next came the creation of animals; but the gods were disap- 
pointed. They could not tell their names, nor worship the 
Heart of Heaven. It was then resolved that man should be 
created. First he was made of earth, but the flesh had no 
■cohesion; he was inert; he could speak, but could not move, 
and had no mind; therefore he was consumed in the water. 
Next, man was made of wood; they multiplied, but had 
neither heart nor intelltct, and could not worship, so they 
withered up. IMan was then made of a tree called tzite, and 
woman of the pith of a reed, but thej' could not think, speak 
or worship, and were destroyed, all save a small remnant, 
which still exists as a race of small monkeys, found in forests. 
A fourth attempt was successful, but the circumstances attend- 
ing this creation remain veiled in mystery. It took place 
before the heginnhiQ of dmcn, before the sun or moon; it was a 
wonder work of the Heart of Heaven. Four men were cre- 
ated;_ they could reason, speak and see in such a manner as to 
know all things at once. They worshiped the creator, giving 
Him thanks for their existence and the manifold blessings 
they enjoj-ed; but the gods, frightened and di-smayed, breathed 
clouds or mist over their eyes, to limit their vision, and caused 
them to be men, not gods. While the four men were asleep, 
the gods, made them beautiful wives, and from these came all 
the inhabitants of the earth. 

Whether the origin of this interesting tradition comes from 
Jared or from Nephi, it is impossible to say. We only know 
that it bears witness to the fact that ages long past a race of 
people inhabited our continent, far advanced morally and 
religiously above the nations discovered by the Europeans of 
the sixteenth century; and it also bears witness of the fact 
that ages long jiast a race of men worshiped and adored the 
true God, and undoubtedly had prophets and seers among 
them. 

Some speculators have repiesented the human race as a race 
of savages, until a comparatively modern date. Such an idea 
is most preposterous, and not worthy of the time or thought of 
a sensible man, and merely shows the dreaminess of unbridled 
fancy. The Quiche manuscript was certainly not written by a 
barbarian. 



Prefer diligence before idleness, unless you esteem rust 
above brightness. — 




Those who have not suffered, know not what they have to 
gain. 



"V"E3SrTK.ILOQ,TJIS2s<3:, 
OR AN OLD MAID'S ADVENTURE. 



BY CHAS. W. STAYNER. 



I SUPPOSE our young friends have heard of ventriloquists. 
If not I will explain. A ventriloquist is one who can 
throw his voice into a distant corner of a room or under the 
floor so that it appears to come from either of those places 
instead of from where the ventriloquist is standing. A person 
having this gift, can imitate the voice of another person, or of 
an animal or bird, causing the sound to issue from the place 
where the owner of the assumed voice is supposed to be; 
hence a great many practical jokes have been played upon 
people, by ventriloquists creating much amu.sement for those 
who understood the nature of the gift. I am reminded of 
one of these funny incidents which occurred some time ago. 

A very nervous maiden lady, Miss Sophia Crimp, a person 
noted alike for her timid nature and cross temper, was taking a 
walk, attired in the oddest ofthe queer fashions which such ladies 
adopt, including an immense pannier, high heeled shoes and 
long trailed dress. Now if there was any creature that Jliss 
Crimji hated worse than she did a child it was a strange dog. 
She would walk several blocks out of her way, to avoid the 
crj'ing of an infant; and the barking of a dog would almost 
send her into fits. A gentleman who was acquainted with 
Miss Crimp and her failings determined to play a practical 
joke, so, as she was passing a gate in haste one evening, 
a sudden snap and growl like that of a vicious dog, right at 
her heels caused her to spring straight up in the air a matter 
of two or three feet. The movement was of necessity so 
sudden, and the lady made such a violent effort to face her 
tormentor that she did not land fairly again on her feet, the 
high heels caused her to loose her balance, and in trying to 
catch herself she stepi^d on the long trail of her dress; this 
together with a natural desire to escape the dog's teeth gave 
her a backward tendency, and with a shriek of despair Miss 
Crimp sat violently upon the ground. She was so jarred with 
the fall, and so entangled in her costume, that she could not 
regain her footing but sat screaming for help, while the 
growling and barking which had been kept up all the time from 
behind, now appeared to issue from the very pannier itself, which 
she sujiposed would become an easy prey to the dog's ferocity, 
especially as the sound of rending and tearing garments, 
accompanied the spasmodic eff'orts of the dog. 

At last a man's voice approaching the si)Ot, commanding the 
dog to desist, and the whining of the brute as he retreated 
under a supposed shower of rocks gave her sufficient presence 
of mind to rise, and look around her. On rising she very 
naturally expected to .see her protector, but, although a man's 
voice had enquired whether she was hurt, no person was 
visible. This proceeding alarmed the lady more, if anything, 
than the angry dog, as she now feared something supernatural, 
and although she had never seen a ghost nor any one who had, 
she was always expecting to see one, so the condition of the 
lady's mind was well nigh distraction. But there is an end to 
all mortal sorrows, and Miss Crimp was soon relieved by seeing 
an old friend emerge from a neighboring lot. She was 
escorted to her home with great kindness, and it was not till 
the lady had become a matronly wife that her hu.sband dared 
to reveal how his powers of ventriloquism had been the cause 
of that evening's adventure, and the amount of satisfaction he 
had derived from the joke. 





16 



JU^En^IHiE IlSrSTI^TJOTOI?. 




^h^ jfttucnil^ Instructor, 









F.T>?rOR. 






SATURDAY, 


JANUARY 


23, 


187 5. 





liR young friends who carefully read the 
sacred pages of the Book of Mormon 
cannot but remai-k the great plainness 
with which the truths of the gospel are 
taught therein, and with what precision 
the ancisnt prophets of this continent 
loreto'd the history of ages and genera- 
tions to them unborn. This is especially 
noticeable in the prophecies uttered with 
regard to the life and min's*ry of our 
Savior, which stand out in remarkable contrast 
to the vague and ambiguous lan£Uige in which 
many of the utterances of the prophets of 
Judea are clothed in our present translation of 
the Bible. 
This difference does not arise from the fact that 
Israel's prophets were ignorant of the glorious 
coming of the Messiah. The whole tenor of their 
creed, the sum of all their rites and ceremonies 
pointed directly to His advent. But it must be attributed to 
the fact that many precious truths have been withheld from 
mankind through the ignorance or wilfulness of translators, and 
that the Bible we have to-day, precious as it is, would be far 
more so had it been translated but once, and that once by the 
power of God, as was the Book of Mormon. 

The Book of Mormon itself bears record that ancient Israel 
in the land of promise, were wellac^iuainted with many details 
that would mark the sojourn of the Redeemer here on the 
earth. Jacob, the son of Lehi, writes: 

"For, for this intent have we written these things, that they 
may know that we knew of Christ, and we had a hope of his 
glory many hundred .years before his coming; and not only we 
ourselves had a hope of his glory, but also all the holy 
prophets which were before us. Behold they believed in 
Christ, and worshijicd the Father in his name, and also we 
worship the Father in his name. And for this intent we keep 
the law of Moses, it pointing our souls to him; and for this 
cause it is sanctified unto us for righteousness, even as it 
was accounted unto Abraham in the wilderness, to be obedient 
unto the commands of God in offering up his son Isaac, 
which is a similitude of God and his only begotten Son. 
Wherefore, we search the prophets, and we have many rev- 
elations, and the spirit of prophecy; and having all the.se 
witnesses we obtain a hope, and our faith becomethun.shaken, 
insomuch that we truly can command in the name of Jesus, 
and the very trees obey us, or the mountains, or the waves of 
the sea." 

Nephi, speaking of Isaiah, .says, ''Jly soul delightoth in his 
words. For I will liken his words unto my people and I will 
send them forth unto all my children for he verily saw my 
Redeemer as I have seen him." 

None of us can doubt but that Abraham had thf gospel 
preached to him, for the Bible tells us so. Jacob, his grand- 
son, prophesied of the coming of Shiloh, the Messiah. Tlie 
Israelites, in the wilderness, had the doctrine of the redemp- 



tion taught to them, but it did hot profit them, not being 
mixed with faith in them that heard it. We might ask what 
would be the use of Solomon building his beautiful temple, if 
the gospel were not understood at that time? AVhat could be 
done therein towards the salvation of the world if the laws by 
which the world is saved were not then comprehended, and 
the name unkn^^wn which is the only name given under heaven 
by which mankind can be saved. But listen to the detail with 
which the ancient servants of God on this land taught the 
people of the coming and work of Christ. Nephi says: "And 
my soul delighteth in proving unto my people, that save 
Christ should come, all men must perish. For if there be no 
Christ, there be no God, and if there be no God, we are not; 
for there could be no creation. But there is a God, and he 
Is Christ, and he cometh in the fullness of his ewn time." 

Again, he records that his father prophesied that "even sis 
hundred j-ears from the time that my father left Jerusalem, 
a prophet would the Lord God r9,ise up among the Jews, 
even a Messiah; or in other words, a Savior of the world. And 
he a'so spake concerning the prophets, how great a number had 
testifieJ of these things concerning this Messiah of whom he 
had spoken, or this Redeemer of the world. AVherefore, all 
mankind were in a lost and in a fallen state, and ever would be, 
save they should rely on this Redeemer." 

Still more minutely did King Benjamin narrate the incidents 
of the life of Christ, to the assembled thousands of his people, 
whom he tiad called together before his death to listen to the 
word of the Lord. He declared: 

"For behold, the time cometh. and is not far distant, that 
with power, the Lord Omnipotent who reigneth, who wa.s, and 
is from all eternity to all eternity, shall come down from 
heaven, among the children of men, and shall dwell in a taber- 
nacle of clay, and shall go forth amongst men, working mighty 
miracles, such as healing the sick, raising the dead, causing the 
lame to walk, the blind to receive their sight, and the deaf to 
hear, and curing all manner of diseases; and he shall cast out 
devils, or the evil spirits which dwell in the hearts of the 
children of men. And la„ he shall suffer temptations, and 
pain of body, hunger, thirst, and fatigue, even more than man 
can suffer, except it be unto death; for behold, blood cometh 
from every pore, so great shall be his anguish for the wickedness 
and the abomination of his people. 

"And he shall be called Jesus Christ, the Son of God, the 
Father of heaven and earth, the creator of all things, from 
the beginning; and his mother shall be called Mary. And lo, 
he cometh unto his own, that salvation might come unto the 
children of men, even through faith on his name; and even 
after all this, they shall consider him a man, and .say that he 
hath a devil, and shall scourge him, and shall crucify him. 
And he shall rise the third day from the dead"; and behold, he 
standeth to judge the world; and behold, all these things are 
done, that a righteous judgment might come upon the children 
of men. For behold, and also his blood atoneth for the sins 
of those who have fallen by the transgression of Adam, who 
have died, not knowing the will of God concerning them, or 
who have iguorautly sinned. But wo, wo unto him who know- 
eth that he rebelleth against God; for salvation cometh to none 
such, except it be through rei)entance and faith on the Lord 
Jesus Christ. And the Lord God hath sent his holy prophets 
among all the children of men, to declare these things to every 
kindred, nation, and tongue, that thereby whosoever should 
believe that Christ .should come, the same might receive remis- 
ion of their sins, and rejoice with exceeding great joy, even as 
though he had already come among them." 





JTJ^EnsriXjE IliTSTIE^/UOTOie. 




With what minuteness must God have revealed the future 
hbtory of his Son, to have enabled King Benjamin to tell his 
people almost as much of the life of our Savior as we know, 
after he has accomplished the mis;hty work that the righteous 
Nephites then looked forward to with such sweet anticipations. 







IT has been always the fashion with storj'-tellers and ballad- 
makers to represent favorite kings as putting on various 
disguises, and playing clever, good-humored jokes on the 
humblest of their subjects. Nearly all of the English kings 
are so represented, and there were no stories that the people 
loved to tell better than these. They were the old Christmas 
stories, told by the Yule-log in the bleak old days of the English 
barons, when swords and hemlels were thick and books were 
few. Thus we have the tales of King Henry VIII. and the 
Miller of Dec; of good Duke Philip of Burgundy and Sly the 
Tinker; of James I. and the Tinker; of William III. and the 
Forester, and so on all through the reigns of the Scottish 
James and English Georges. Some of the stories were fiction, 
like that of 

"Old King Cole. 
That jolly old soul." 
But most of them were true. The wandering harpers u.sed to 
relate them in verse; and as delightful as the bringing in of 
the Yule-log and the mistletoe, the fiery sport of the "snap- 
dragon," or the rollicking play of "blind man's buif," were 
the holiday tales of the funny doings of these men-y old Eng- 
lish kings. 

One of the oldest of these ballads relates to King Henry 
and the Miller, and .starts off brisky with: 

"Henry, our royal king, would ride a hunting 
To the green forests so pleasant and fair." 

The forest was Sherwood, where once lived Kobin Hood 
and his merry men. King Henry (Plantagenet) was young 
then, and he took with him a great retinue of young princes 
and nobles. So the horses cantered over the hills of Notting- 
ham, and plume after plume danced out of sight among the 
green leaves. The king separated himself from the gay party, 
and dashed off into the heart of the forest. 

At last the day began to decline, and shadows grew long 
and thick in all the forest. The king blew his liorn. There 
was no answer. He was lost. 

He rode on. As the forest grew dark, he heard the flow of 
water, and discovered a cool stream just reflecting the light of 
the rising moon. Present^' he heard a mill-wheel. Then his 
heart took courage. He soon reined his horse before the 
door of the mill. 

"Good miller," said the king, "is this the ro'id to Xotting- 
ham?" 

"I guess you know as well as I," answered the miller. 
"You look as though j'ou had been there before." 

"What do you take me for?" asked the king in astonish- 
ment. 

"For some gentleman thiet or other; no honest man, sure." 

' 'But I must lodge with you to-night. I have gold at hand. ' ' 

At the word "gold" the miller began to prick up his ears. 
Just then the miller's wife, a large, fat, brawling woman, looked 
over her hu.sband's .shoulder. She, too, had heard the word 
"gold," but was still cautious. 

She delighted in the sweet name of Bymytroth. No one 
delights in that name now. 



"Aie you sure you are no runaway?" piped Bymytroth. 

"I am no runaway," said the king. 

"Then show us your passport," said Bymytroth, who had a 
very logical turn of mind. 

"From whom?" 

"From the king." 

The king had no passport, and still finding Bymytroth 
suspicious and defiant, he began to flatter her, and he bowed 
so politely that she was at last induced to say: 

"You may come in." 

Bymytroth became very much plea.sed with the king, so 
much so, that she told him that, if he was tidy enough, he 
might sleep with her own son. 

"If the king would never hear of it, I would get you some 
venison for supper," said Bymytroth. "We do rob the 
king's forest of venison sometimes. Will you promise?" 

"Yes, on my word," .said the king; "the king shall never 
know any more about it than he knows now." 

The king was very hungry after his anxiety and long ride, 
and as his poor, weak human nature was quit* like that of 
some other men who.se heads were never topped with a crown, 
he made a large supper off the unlawful vension. 

"You will never tell about this?" said the cautious Bymy- 
troth, looking keenly at her guest. 

"The king shall be none the wi.ser for this from me," said 
the king, looking very profound. 

With this strong assurance, Bymytroth slept very comfortably 
that night, but was awakened in the morning by a right royal 
retinue at the door. The millerand his wife then began "shaking 
and quaking," tou.se the graphic language of the'[[old song» 
and the poor miller kneeled down and shut his eyes, we sup- 
pose, in order to decently make his last prayer. But — ^how 
charmingly it all ends! — the king, 

"His kind courtesy for to requite. 
Gave him a living and dubbed him a knight." 

The above story was in its day very popular, becau.se the 
game laws of England at that time were very severe and very 
hard on the poor. It showed what the king himself would do 
when he was hungry, and it seemed a concession to the 
cause of the suffering poor. — St. Aicholas. 



Idleness.— Many young people think an idle life must be a 
pleasant one, but there are none who enjoy it so little and are 
such burdens to themselves as those who have nothing to do. 
Those who are obliged to work hard all day enjoy their short 
periods of rest and recreation so much that they are apt to 
think that if their whole life were spent in rest and recreation it 
would be the most pleasant of all. But this is a sad mistake, 
as they would soon find out if they made a trial of the life 
they think so agreeable. One who is never busy can never 
enjoy rest, for rest implies relief from previous labors; and if 
our whole time were spent in amusing ourselves, we should 
find it more wearisome, than the hardest day's work. Ilecrca- 
tion is only valuable as it unbends us; the idle can know noth- 
ing of it. Many people leave off business and settle down to a 
life of enjoyment, but they generallv find that they are not nearly 
so hajijiy as they were before, and are often glad to return 
to their old occupation to escape the miseries of idle. 



Soi'.ND Advice. — Never owe any man more than you are able 
to pay, and allow no man to owe you more than you are able 
to lose. 





18 



J-TJ^EItTILE I3^STI?/TJOTOI?>. 




SJ^LT L^KZE CXT-YT. 

STRANGERS who HOW visit Salt Lake City for the first time 
are wont to express great surprise and pleasure at its 
appearance and the wonderful improvements that have been 
made, considering the short time that has elapsed since the 
whole country surrounding it was a barren wilderness. If one 
half of the difficulties the people have had to contend with in 
establishing the settlement and producing these improvements 
were generallv known the surprise would be still greater. 

Just at this season of the year it is seen in its worst aspect, 
but in the spring, when the fruit trees are in bloom, or later, 
when they are bedecked with green foliage and clustering fruit, 
there is certainly no apology needed for its appearance. 



day Saints determined to seek a home so .far removed from 
their enemies that they might be enabled to worship God and 
enjoj' their religion unmolested. Leaving their families on the 
banks of the Missouri those hardy pioneers performed a 
journey of over a thousand miles through a country inh.abited 
only by hostile Lidians. breaking the road most of the way till 
they reached fliis vallej', where on their arrival they were 
informed by President Young that their journey was at an end, 
as this was the place designed by God for His people to occupy. 

The appearance of the vaJley was most forbidding, as the 
ground was parched hy the drouth, and the vegetation very 
scant; still ev( n a resting place was desirable, and as such it 
was hailed with joy. 

The very day of their arrival found them plowing and 





\1KW FRO.M AHSK.\.\L HILL, 
To write a truthful history of the early settlement of Salt 
Lake \'alley wmild be to make a record of suffering, privation 
and hardships, endured uncomplainingly, and a devotion to 
religion and a reliance upon God in the midst of all, which 
are without a parallel in the history of any other people. 

Twenty seven and a half years ago— on the 24th of July 
1^-1" — a party of weary but determined pioneers numbering 
one hundred and forty-three men, under the leadership of 
President Brigham Young, entered Great Salt Lake Valley 
and .settled upon the site now occupied by Salt Lake City. 

The circumstances attending the establishment of this colony 
are perhaps familiar to most of our readers. After being 
driven from their homes time after time, and mobbed and 
persecuted and jilundered for their religions belief the Latter- 



LOOKIXd SOI'TII AM) WEST. 
jilanting. Though the sea.'on was .so far advanced, they werC 
determined if possible to raise a crop, and ere long eighty 
four acres of land was planted with potatoes, beans, buck- 
wheat, turnips, etc. 

One week after their arrival the work of .surveying the city 
plat was commenced, and within a short time (juite a number 
of rude cabins were erected in the form of a fort in what is 
now known as the Sixth Ward of the city. 

Owing to the great disadvantages under which they labored 
the work of building up the city was necessarily very slow for 
the first few years. To provide food was the first consideration, 
and to this end they went bravely and hopefully to work, 
although they were informed by those best acquainted, from 
experience, wnth the climate of the valley that it would 





O'TJ^EIsril-.E I3^STI?.TJOTOie/. 



19 




inlpossible to raise evea an ear of corn. Their faith buoj'ed 
them up, and although they were reduced to great straits for 
want of food before their first crop was harvested, they 
managed by utilizing everything as food that could be eaten — 
and some things not very palatable— to live through, and on the 
9th of August, 1848, a feast was made to celebrate the first har- 
vest. At that tjme there were four hundred and fifty houses 
jn the fort, also three saw mills and a flouring mill in the 
city. 

A diiferent mode of farming to that which the settlers had 
been used to in the States had to be adopted here, for it was 
found that the soil had to be irrigated to keep the vegetation 
growing, but this did not con.stitute the greatest difficulty; 
visitations from crickets and grasshoppers more than once made 
famine imminent, and Indian wars retarded the improvements 



On the 11th of January, 18.51, Great Salt Sake City was 
incorporated, with Jedediah M. Grant as Mayor. 

In 1857 our citizens were threatened with a new species of 
trouble. General Harney was orderiid to T'tah with a large 
army, for the purpose, as currently reported, of destroying or 
driving the "Mormons" from their homes. In the spring of 
1858, after enduring a wint«r of suspense, with the menacing 
army encamped on the eastern border of the Territory, the 
people of Salt Lake City, as also those of the settlement^ 
farther north, concluded to abandon their homes and remove 
southward, as they could not hope to defend them against such 
a formidable army as was expected to arrive. No stronger 
evidence of the people's faith in God and their religion could 
be given than was afforded by their cheerful willingness to give 
up the comfortable homes which they had toiled so hard to 





, VIEW FltO.M NEAR CITV CKKEK, 

not a litttle. The people were left to their own resources to 
protect and i)rovide for themselves. Theirs was the only settle- 
ment between the Miss( mri and Californi m, and they enjoyed the 
privilege of making and executing tlieir own laws, ami a more 
peaceable law-abiding community could not be found anywhere 
than in Salt Lake City. 

Utah, which at the time of its settlement was a part of 
Mexico, was ceded to the United States in 1848. March 9th, 
1849, a petition was sent to Congre.ss asking for a State Govern- 
ment; and the following day a Provisional State (Jovernment 
was estalilished by the settlers, which continued in force until 
the 12th of July, 1S51, when a proelamation was issued to 
organize a Territorial (iovernnient, under a law of Congress 
passed Sep. 9, 1S.50. 



LOOKlXG SOUTH AND EAST. 

make, their line young orchards, their beautiful gardens an 1 
fruitful fields, and again seek new homes, they knew not where. 
But they determined if jiossible to prevent their enemies from 
enjoying the fruits of their labors, by setting fire to everything 
that would luirn, in the last extremity. They had in former 
instances abandoned their pleasant and dearly-earned homes, 
to be driven oflF in a destitute condition, while their enemies 
enjoyed the plunder, but on this occasion they were determined 
to immolate everything connected with their homes that could 
possibly make their possession desirable to others, if they 
could not be allowed to enjoy them. However, that extremity 
was not reached, as an amicable arangement was elTected, the 
army passed peaceably through the deserted city, and the 
l)eople in a short time returned to their homes. 





so 



J" XJ "^ E isr I !_. E XlSrSTTtTJCiTCDTt. 




Even in their poorer days the erection of public buildings 
and other works with a view to the general good was not 
neglected by the people. In ]S5() a Tabernacle was built, now 
called the ''Old Tabernacle." The large building of elliptieaj 
form represented in one of the pictures is the New Tabernacle, 
which was opened for the semi-annual Conference, Oct. 0, 1867. 
On the 10th of January, 1870, the T7tah Central Railway was 
completed, connecting this citv with the grand trans-continental 
railways. The last rail was laid and the last spike was driven 
at the city depot in the presence of fifteen thousand people^ 
Prest. Brigham Young driving the last spike. Since then the 
City has increased in population and great improvements have 
been made in public buildings, etc. A .street railway has been 
made; the Utah Southern and other railways completed; gas 
works have also been completed. 

It is generally conceded that Salt Lake is one of the best 
governed cities in the world. It is free from debt, not over- 
burdened with taxation, and affords a quiet, safe and peaceful 
home to many people of different creeds. Up to a few years 
ago, liquor saloons, and their accompanying vices were almost 
unknown; but the recent di.scovery and developments of mines 
in the adjacent mountains has brought a very different and not 
so desirable a class of citizens to our midst. The Territorial 
officers sent here by the Government, have also opposed and 
obstructed the enforcement of the City ordinances. These 
causes combined have had a very bad effect on the morals of our 
City; and yet Salt Lake City to-day will compare very favor- 
ably in point of morality and good order with any city of like 
size in the Union. 






iisriDi^^isr 



BY .7. N. S. 




DURING the summer of 1806 the Indian war raged along the 
line of the settlements on the upper part the Sevier river, 
including the towns of Salina, Glenwood, Richfield, Alma 
(since called Monroe), Mary.svale, Circleville and Panguitch, 
all of which settlements were broken up before the close of 
the war. Besides these, a military- post was established and 
kept uj) for about four months by volunteers from Parowan 
and Beaver. This post consisted of a fortified camp, called 
Fort Sanford, situated on the river bottom, about eight miles 
below Panguitch, and oppo.site the Bear Creek Pass, leading 
through the mountains to the chain of valleys on the west. 

It fell to tl)p lot of the writer to make, during the season, 
no less than seven journeys through the part of the country 
infested by the predatory Utahs under the leadership of their 
fierce and uncompromising chieftain, Blackhawk. Sometimes 
the writer rode express accompanied by a sinnle companion, 
sometimes by an armed escort. 

Many opportunities were thus afforded to witness the priva- 
tions, sufferings, heroism and fortitude ol the hardy .settlers 
who were jiioneers of this region. With no aid from the 
general government, and supported only by a small and totally 
inadequate volunteer force from the northern and middle 
counties of the Territory, it was not possible for the set- 
tlers to as.sume offensive operations with any prospect of 
success. 

The wily eneuiy would invariably .swoop down upon some 
scantily guarded sjiot, where his presence was least expected. 
A band of sjilendidly mounted savaces would suddenly appear 
some quiet valley, tlie cattle herd on the bottom being 



generally their first point of attack. The cattle guard, few in 
number, could make slim defense against the overwhelming 
numbers of the enemy, and it frequently happened that they 
were shot down while vainly seeking cover in the open valley; 
when a few whoops from the Indians would set the cattle and 
what horses were within reach upon a wild stampede to the 
mountains, long ere the minute-men from the settlement, rifle 
in hand, appeared upon the scene. Then woe to the hapless 
man returning from the canyon with his load of wood, or the 
unlucky wayfarer journeying upon the road near where the 
marauders passed. 

Under these circumstances the people of nearly every settle- 
ment moved their houses into line and built a solid block or 
square called a fort, for their protection. But even this would 
not suffice. Unable to cope with the enemy in the open field; 
unable to properly till their fields, as their lives were exposed 
outside of their forts; unable to keep their cattle and horses 
from falling into the hands of the Indians; unable to school 
their children; unable to provide for their families; unable 
much longei to endure the strain upon the nervous system 
caused by continual guarding and frequent alarms — what course 
should be jnirsued? 

The line of retreat seemed safe and inviting; retreat from 
the pleasant valleys that had lured them with their sunshine, 
from the fair fields endeared by months of toil, from the 
humble fireside made holy by many household memories, from 
the rude house of worship sanctified by the voice of prayer. 

The thought of breaking up the settlement was at first only 
whispered, but it soon got abroad. The plan was to concentrate 
upon the larger settlements hoping to hold some of them, and 
the beautiful Mary.svale was the first to give up. Next in 
order Panguitch yielded, with orders to strengthen Circleville- 
The river above the last named place passed through a danger- 
ous canyon some ten miles in length, the course of which the 
road crosses the stream some six or eight times. At this time 
the river was high and the crossing very un.?afe. In this 
exigency a route was looked out among the mountains west of 
the river by which all the crossings were avoided. But it was 
one of the wildest, steepest, rockiest, and most imprac- 
ticable roads ever traveled by families. It became the 
writer's fortune to superintend the removal from Panguitch. 
A few of the infirm and defenseless were advised to fall back 
at once to Parowan or Beaver but the majority reached Circle- 
ville in safety after an awful journo}' of some thirty-five mileS 
across the mountains. 

It was interesting to note the changing emotion of the people 
as they left their homes and commenced the difficult and danger- 
ous march. The young mother turned involuntarily to seek out 
with tearful eyes the roof that had sheltered her infant's cradle. 
Nor could the husband jiass unmoved by the broad acres 
redeemed from the desert by his toil, now putting forth the 
young crop, a crop that should never know a hanest. But 
these expressions of feeling were indulged unobtrusively. The 
lot of these settlers had been one of iieculiar hardship. They 
came out here that they might farm their own lands and no 
longer work land in shares for their more fortunate brethren. 
Many had expended nearly all their little property in opening 
their farms; they had hauled their grain from forty to one 
hundred miles to mill, over mountain passes and through diffi- 
cult canyons, and when the snow of winter shut up the roads 
they had lived for weeks, with their little children, upon boiled 
wheat, as the best substitute for bread they could procure- 

It was hard to thus give up all for which they had toiled and 
suffered. What wonder the women wept at the partin. 





sTTJ^EH^ILE IlSrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



SI 




What wonder strong men turned away to hide their swimming 
eyes. ^\'ho can estimate their sacrifices. 

After the fall of Panguitch, Circle\ille, Alma, and Glenwood 
concentrated at Richfield, and the people at Salina returned to 
Sanpete. Last in the list, Richfield also succumbed. 

Some years later these places were all re-settled, excepting 
Circleville, but not always by the original settlers. 

One who returned to Richfield told the writer that during 
all his sojourn away he had never found a horue and that he 
returned to his deserted home with a glad and hopeful heart. 



Felt op his eye. — A young man had for man}' days 
sufiered with the toothache, and, as a last resort, decided to 
go to a dentist and have the oflFending bicuspid taken out. 
With that resolution well fixed in his mind, and one dollar in 
his pocket, he sought a well-known tooth-nuUer. The dentist 
at once decided that two teeth would have to be drawn. The 
young man had not the nerve to stand the double pain, so he 
told the dentist he would take "nitrous oxide." 

He took the mouthpiece, and drank away at the gas. The 
dentist at last thought he had enough. He spoke to him. A 
rational answer was returned. He must have more gas, and 
the mouthpiece was again insented between his lips. When 
he had taken gas enough to render two men insensible to pain, 
the dentist thought he would apply a well-known dental test 
to see if he were "gone." 

"Billy!" 

No answer. He then touched the patient's eyelid to see if 
there were any muscular contraction, and, in so doing, acciden- 
tally touched the eye itself. No twitching of any kind. He 
must be insensible. The forceps at once brought out a tooth 
with tremendous roots, and at the same time brought the 
young man to his feet with a yell. 

"Why — why — why — doc, didn't you wait till I had sucked 
some more gas?' ' 

"More gas? You took enough to put two men to sleep, 
and, besides, I touched your eyelid, and even put my hand in 
your eye. You never showed a twinge, and that is considered 
an infallible test. ' ' 

"That's good, anyhow! I wondered what under the sun 
you were fooling around my glass eye for." 

The valve, which was found to be out of order, was repaired, 
the man's second tooth drawn, and he soon went away, chuck- 
ling to himself "That's good, feeling of my glass eye to see if 
I'd twitch!" 



The answer to the Charade published in No. 26, Vol. 9, is 
The Use of Tf)B.\cco. We have received correct solutions 
from J. M. Ballinger, Pleasant Grove; J. W. Radford, Kanosh; 
E. R. Miles, Jr., Smithfield; Annie ]M. Mantle, Taylorsville; 
Orissa A. AUred, Lydia L. Allred, Luanna A. Booth. St. 
Charles; Cha.s. Lindholm, Tooele; Sally Rogers, Sugar House 
Ward; G. K. Reese, E. H. Brooks, Sarah E. '\'incent, D. 
Evans, Beckey J. Noall, Nellie T. Cooper, C. W. Peck, 
Catherine K. Palmer, Sarah 0. Peck, W. T. Cooper, Salt 
Lake City. 



Despise not little temptations; for, rightly met, they have 
often nerved the character for some fiery trial. 




Those who have not suffered, know not what they have to 
gain. 



BIC3- "VSTOIE^ylDS 



How very many public speakers and writers have a weak- 
ness for using big words. The English language 
abounds in synonyms — words of a similar meaning — which is 
really a very beautiful feature, as it gives us .scope for express- 
ing our ideas without marring the euphony or pleasing sound, 
by the too frequent repetition of the same word. But from 
the midst of all these terms some people seem bent on choos- 
ing the longest and most uncommon, thinking that by so doing 
they add force to what they say. In reality, if they were to 
choose the simplest words, as a rule, their language would be 
quit* as forcible, if not more so, because better understood and 
appreciated. Especially is this the case where a speaker has 
to hesitate and study as if ransacking the vocabulary of his mind 
in search of the most high sounding words. The result is his 
words fall without effect, when, if simple words, which are 
generally ready at hand, were used, and spoken without 
hesitancy, every one might be made to count like the hammer 
strokes of a well trained artisan. 

A toothless old lady, not overstocked with learning, once 
applied at a dentist's shop for a set of aitificial teeth. Being 
shown a specimen of the dentist's work in the shape of a full 
set of molars, she examined them carefully for some time 
and asked dubiously, "Can a body eat with 'em? " "Why, my 
dear madam," replied the pompous tooth-puller, "the mastica- 
tion of tough and insoluble substances may be performed by 
them with a facility scarcely excelled by nature herself" 
"Yes, I know," said the old lady, "but can a body eat 
with 'em?" 

The mistake that many speakers make is that their hearers 
will not be .sufficiently impressed with their learning if they 
• use commonplace language, even though the subject spoken 
upon be ever .so commonplace. It happens too that such 
persons are seldom content with making such an extravagant 
use of their mother tongue, but they also have a mania for 
using foreign words and phrases; and a Latin or French phrase 
once in their possession is never relinquished until they have 
fairly worn it out. It is brought into use on every po;sible 
occasion, regardle.ss of the fact that their hearers may not le 
versed in such language, and that the phrase does not exactly 
fit or illustrate the subject at i.ssue. It is no wonder that the 
anxiet}' and constant straining of such persons to use these 
foreign words and phrases lead them to commit many gross 
and sometimes really laughable blunders, which ar3 very 
apparent to persons of better education, if not to them- 
selves. 

A story is told of a person who was once selected to deliver 
a Fourth of July oration, who, though rather deficient in 
education was not wanting in assurance and conceit, and who, 
considering the occasion as an era in his life, from which his 
future celebrity as an orator would be dated, determined to 
make the most of it. He indulged at some length in the usual 
harangue about how "our patriot fathers fought, and bled, and 
died for the glorious and inestimable liberty which we now 
enjoy," and eulogized Creneral George Washington in glow- 
ing terms for maintaining our rights of independence, etc. 
Finally he reached the apex of his ortorical flight by shriek- 
ing, "If there ever lived a man who was non comjxjs menfis^ 
that man was George Washington!" It was farthest from his 
intention to say that the "father of his country" was an idiot, 
or not of sound mind, but he might as well have said so in so 
many Anglo Saxon words as to have done so in Latin, as he 
really did. 





22 



J U "V^ E n^ I L E in^STI^TJOTOI?. 




AATHZEK/E TOYS J^I^E JVC^IDE. 

[Concluded .) 

SONNEBERG exports, as I said, veiy different articles from what 
it formerly did. Perhajis no better idea can be given of the 
cliaraeter of the Sonneberjr industries than hy visiting one of 
tlie showrooms of the place. They are paradises where chil- 
dren would go into ecstacies over the wonderful and beautiful 
things exhibited. Where to begin in my description is difficult. 
There are toy men of all races, zones and ages, from the 
little Savoyard up to the Prince Bismarck and Kaiser William 
of Germany, in wood, porcelain, papier-mache and terra cotta. 
There are Russians and Poles, Germans and French, tourist 
Englishmen and Brahmin priests, living far more peaceably 
together on the long shelves than they generally do in the big 
world. Then there are figures of dogs and monkeys, drummer 
boys, jumping jacks, clowns, little ladies at miniature pianos, 
l)laying a Strauss waltz or "God save the Queen;" juggers 
and mountebanks, and '-maidens, all forlorn, a milking the 
cow with a crumpled horn." all in various materials, and all 
very beautifully exceute<l. 

There are a thousand other things that attract one's atten- 
tion. Some are exceedingly quaint. There are long rows of good 
old Santa Clauses, warmly clad in fur and covered with hoar 
frost, ready to go out at Christmas with their sacks filled with 
toys and dolls and sweets. There are the mangers of Beth- 
lehem, with little wooden figures of wi-e men and shepherds and 
sheep and the infant J csusin the manger, in dangerous proximity 
to the cows. Chicken groups of the quaintest character— two 
have just escaped from the shell, and stare at each other with 
mutual admiration and surprise. There are cats that squall, 
dogs that bark, and horses that whinny, and cows that give 
milk, provided it be previously supplied through a hole in the 
back; elephants with trunks that suck up water and spurt it out 
again iu a very natural manner, and birds that sit in delight- 
fully green trees and chirp away until they get short of breath. 
There are the many toy musical instruments which boys generally 
delight to torment older people with — flutes and fiddles, fifes 
and trumpets, drums and tiny pianos, and again needle guns, 
swords, pistols and cannon enough to supply the German army, 
Landsturm and all. And dolls! they are there by the thous- 
and; of all sizes and prices, plebeian and noble; some of wood, 
some oP porcelain, some of papier-mache. .«ome of wax; some 
lying a hundred in a row; others beautifully dressed in silks 
and furs and bonnets, and sleeping quietly in their doll beds or 
in beautifidly padded drawers; some sleeping with their eyes 
clo.sed and some with them open. And some capable of crying 
for maiuuia or pajia when occasion requires. 

A visit to a Sonnebcrg doll manufactory is an exceedingly 
pleasant and .surprising afi'air. I visited one manufactory 
where eighty per.sons were employed, besides one hundred and 
fifty others who do work at their own homes. The manager 
informed me that on his trade li.st he had si.x hundred and 
ninty-five sorts of dolls, each sort having again six varieties, 
so we come to the fact of the existence of over five thousand; 
varieties of doll.s. There are wxioden dolls, pot-faced dolls, 
papier-mache dolls, was dolls, in the making of which are 
engaged not only the modellers, wax varnishers, etc., but 
hundreds of children and girls to make boots, dresses, to cur] 
the hair and other imimrtant operations on these fearfully and 
wonderfully made creatures. The dolls with wooden heads 
and wooden limbs and jioreelain heads are the lowest germs 
of the Sonncberg doll. The heads are imported, but the 
vable limbs and bodies are cut, carved and put together by 




the dwellers of the mountains, many of whom follow other 
occupations. Thus, in Judenbach, I saw whole families, old 
and young, male and female, engaged in the interesting occupa- 
tion of making wooden doll.s. The smallest children would 
have some simple operation to do, such as cutting or sawing 
the wood into the proper length, an older child would be able to 
cut out the limbs in the rough, the older members would do the 
finer work and fix all the anatomical parts together. When the 
children are .sent out to guard the cows or the sheep they take 
wood with them and a simple knife and return home at night 
with quite a stock of legs and arms. The curious Papagenos 
of the Thuringian Forest, the bird-catchers, are likewise armed 
with a khife and a peculiar little piece of wood affixed iu front 
of them, and carve the limbs or other pieces of toys, when 
they have set their snares and are yet waiting for the little 
feathered victims. 

To make a real wax doll or one of papier-mache is quite a 
long process. First of all the limbs have to be made. The 
legs, either of pot or cotton, have to be filled with moss and 
•sawdust, and the satue process is gone through with the body 
and arms, the task being entrusted to a number of young 
women. The head is more difficult to make. First comes the 
moulding, from a kind of whity-brown paste, which when hard 
is almost indestructible. The head is moulded in two halves, 
the back and the front, and then the two parts are joined 
together with the same kind of paste. The heads are made by 
the thoiLsand, of all shapes and sizes, and left for the moment 
unpolished and sickly looking. Then these frame pasteboard 
heads are can'ied to the wax room, where they are passed 
through some severe ordeals. The papier-mache model heads 
are dipped into boiling wax and thus have the appearance of 
real wax dolls. But the genuine article, the real dolls of wax. 
are made thus: — The boiling wax is poured into a pla.ster 
mould; it adheres to the sides as it becomes cold, and when' 
the mould is taken apart there is the beautiful wax head, but 
simply a shell and of course very weak. The head is cast com- 
plete, and only a small opening is left in the crown of the 
head. Then a workman takes the wax shell and lines it 
throughout with a kind of soft paste about the thickness of 
cardboard, which soon hardens and gives the head its strength 
and durability. After this process the head is placed over a 
hot furnace, the wax is jiermitted to melt to a very slight 
degree, whereujion it is dusted with jinwder made of potato 
meal and alabaster, to give it a delicate flesh tint. In another 
room the head is provided with a pair of eyes. And it is no 
easy thing for the workman to select two exactly alike. 

Sometimes, as the children know, dolls squint, and this 
proves that the workman who put them in was not very earful 
in his work. Another very skillful workman then receives the 
head, and finishes oif the front appearance of the eyes, scooping 
off' all the wax and affixing the lids in a charming manner. 
Then eyelashes have to to be affixed, and then the little lady 
has to be provided with teeth, which are ]iut in by a skillftil 
workman one by one. A still more interesting stuly is in the 
hair dressing room of a doll manufactory. All the dolls that 
come into this room are complete as far as their heads, which, 
of course, are quite bald. Here they are provided with hair, 
which by the use of combs, brushes, curling-tongs, etc., is 
made to look quite natural. After this they go to the doll 
milliner, who supphes them with costumes and fits them to 
appear in the great world. This will only give you a faint 
idea of how wax dolls are made. — K. Y. Herald 



A CLEAR conscience is a good armor. 




a"TJ"\r2±]n^i:LjE iiststi^tj otoi?. 



S3 




'ltl^Stl0ttS 



nnd ^ 



nsiiTcrs 



03Sr THIE 

book: OIF n^E o K. i^r o IT . 



KEIGN OF THE JUDGES. 




LESSON LXXX. 

Q. — After the curse of God had come upon Korihor, what did 
the chief judffe declare unto the people who had heeii led estray? 

A. — He said unless they repented of their folly they also would 
be cursed. 

Q. — "What was the result of this declaration? 

A. — The people were convinced of their error and repented. 

Q. — What did Korihor do to get food.' 

A. — He went from house to house begging. 

Q. — To what people did he afterwards go? 

A. — To the Zoraniites. 

Q. — ^Who were the Zoraniites? 

A.— They had separated themselves from the Kephites, and 
were led Dy Zoram. 

Q. — How did Korihor die? 

A.— He was trodden to death by the Zoraniites. 

Q. — After the death of Korihor what news did Alma receive 
concerning the Zoramites? 

A. — He heard they were perverting the waj's of the Lord. 

Q.— What did Zoram try to do? 

A. — He endeavored to make his p»ople worship idols. 

Q. — When Alma heard of these things how did he feel? 

A. — His heart was exceedingly sorry because of the iniquity 
of the people. 

Q. — What land did the Zoramites occupy? 

A. — The land of Antionum. 

Q. — Where was this land situated? 

A.— East of Zarahemla and south of Jershon. 

Q. — Upon what wilderness was it bordering? 

A. — Upon the wilderness into which the Lamanites fled. 

Q. — What did the Nephites fear at this time? 

A. — They feared the Zoramites and La,manites would unite in 
making trouble for them. 

Q. — What did Alma think would be best to do in this case? 

A. — He thought it best to go and preach to the Zoramites. 

Q.— Who did he take with him? 

A. — Ammon, Aaron, Omner, Amulek, Zeezrom, Shiblon and 
Corianton. 

Q. — Who were the two latter persons? 

A. — His sons. 

Q. — Who was his oldest son? 

A. — Heleman. 

Q. — When they had entered the land of the Zoramites what 
did they behold? 

A. — They saw synagogues in which the people assembled. 

Q. — How is the inside of these synagogues described? 

A. — There was a kind of pulpit in the centre, on the top of 
which the people would go and pray. 

Q. — How many would this pulpit hold? 

A. — Only one at a time. 

Q.- -What was a feature in their praj'ers? 

A. — Thej- stated in their prayers that they did not believe in 
the traditions of the Nophites, and that it was made known to 
them that Christ would not come. 

Q. — When Alma and his party saw these things how did they 
feel? 

A.— They were greatly astonished. 

Q. — How many of the people assembled there ascended this 
pulpit to pray? 

A. — Every man, and each offered the same prayer. 

Q.— What was this pulpit called? 

A. — Rarneumptom. 

Q. — What is the meaning of this? 

A. — "Holy stand." 



^«es!i0n^ and J^nstircr^ 

Onsr THE BIBLE. 



BOOK OF JUDGE. S. 



LESSON LXXX 

Q. — Into whose hands did the Lord deliver the children of 
Isiael? 

A.— The Philistines'. 

Q. — For how long? 

A. — Forty 3'ears. 

Q. — To whom did an angel of the Lord appear/ 

A. — To the wife of Manoah, a Danite. 

y-— What did the angel promise her? 

A — That she should have a son. 

Q. — What did the angel say concerning the son that was 
promised? 

A. — That no razor should come upon his head, for he should be 
a Xazarite to the day of his death. 

Q. — What else did the angel promise? 

A. — That he should begin to deliver Israel from the Philistines. 

Q. — What instruction did the Angel give to the wife af Manoah? 

A. — That she should drink no wine nor strong drink, neither 
eat any unclean thing. 

Q. — What name did she give her son? 

A. — Samson. 

y. — What is .said concerning him? 

A. — That the Lord blessed him and His spirit moved upon him. 

Q- — What did Samson see when he went down to Timnath? 

A. — A woman of the daughters of the Philistines. 

Q. —What did Samson ask his father and mother? 

A. — To get her for him, to be his wife. 

Q.— Did his father and mother like this? 

A. — Xo; they wanted him to marry among his own people. 

Q. — Had the Lord anything to do with Samson's preference? 

A. — Yes; so that an occasion might be found against the 
Philistines. 

Q. — What happened to Samson as he went down to Timnath? 

A.- — A young lion roared against him. 

Q.— What did Samson do? 

A. — "He rent him as he would have rent a kid." 

Q. — What did .Samson have in his hand when he slew the lion? 

A. — "He had nothing in his hand." 

Q. — How then was Samson enabled to do it? 

A. — The spirit of the Lord came mightily upon him. 

Q. — When Samson returned again that way what did he 
discover in the carcass of the lion? 

A. — A swarm of bees and honey. 

Q. — What did Samson make when his fattier w'ent down to 
Timnath? 

A.— A feast. 

Q. — Why did he make a feast? 

A. — Because it was the custom for young men to do so. 

Q.— How many companions were brought to be with him? 

A.— Thirty. 

Q. — What did Samson do? 

A. — He nut forth a riddle unto them. 

Q. — What did he promise them if they should declare it.' 

A. — Thirty sheets and thirty change of garments. 

Q. — How long did he give them to And it out? 

A. — .Seven days. 

Q. — What were they to do if they could not declare it? 

A. — They were to eive Samson the thirty sheets and thirty 
change of garments 
Q. — What answer did the thirtj' companions of Samson ■■ uke? 
A. — "Put forth thy riddle that wo may hear it." 

Q. — What was the riddle Samson gave them? 

A. — "Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong 
came forth sweetness." 





T U "V E ZSr I Xj E Il^STie^TJOTOI?.. 







THE J^ "^ .A. Xj .^ IsT O HC E . 



BY (1. J. T. 




'Twns ill Alta City, tliiU mountain town, 
That the heaviest slide, they say, came down- 
In January— the present year— 
And tliose who escaped were sick with fear! 
Sicli with a terrible, mortal dread, 
Of impending mountains still overhead — 
Mountains of snow, that might come down, 
To bury the wreck of that stricken town. 
And the consternation so grew and spread. 
That the few survivors arose and fled — 
Fled over the snow, piled firm and deep, 
And down the canon like frightened sheep; 
Leaving their comrades so cold and still, 
To their dreamless slee]i 'neath the Emma Hill. 

'Tis declared by the wise in mystical lore. 

That coming events cast their shadows before; 

But whj- no shadow that day befel 

We must leave for the sage "savants'' to tell. 

The weather was rather mild, they say, 

And people who met exclaimed "Good day!" 

And said ' though the weather has been quite raw, 

I think we are going to have a thaw." 

In fact, though the snow lay deep and grey, 

Things moved on much in the usual way; 

Xo warning came to the fated band. 

Of the terrible evil so near at hand — 

Xo jiassing thought of impending ill. 

But all serenely calm and still. 

Till it swooped upon them that winter day 

As swift as the doom that whelmed Pompeii. 

The miners were picking and driving the drill. 

In many a mine on the Emma Hill; 

And others were sacking the precious ore, 

"When they fancied they heard a sort of a roar — 

Or rather an echo, so faint and fine, 

Of the feeble blast of a far off mine — 

And each turned again to his wonted place. 

Tunneling deep in the mountain face. 

But now there's a shock that sounds more neiir. 

And a tremulous murmur salutes the ear; 

Which swells and grows as it gathers form, 

Like the mighty burst of a mountain storm. 

And the heart stands still, as it heaves in sight. 

While the boldest face is blanched wit.i fright. 

As the terrible snow slide, gathering force, 

Advances resistlesslj' on its course. 

Sweeping, crushing and grinding along. 

To the thunderous tone of its awful song; 

Fiir the mountain side is plunging down 

With resistless force on the fated town! 

While the forest monarchs in giant line. 

Are wrenched and snapped like paper twine, 

And the rugged rocks that rear their heads, 

Are swejit like chaft" from their ancient beds; 

Till it strikes the canon with such a shock, 

That the firm set mountains seem to rock 

And ipiiver beneath that dcadlj' blow. 

Which is dealt by the terrible wave of snow. 

As it surges far up the mountain side. 

Spreading death and destruction far and wide. 

To some it has given a lasting peace; 

But who shall say where its quiverings cease'' 



It smites the mountain and smites the plain, 
And its ghastly shadow strides over the main. 
Striking the widow and orphan dumb — 
Who are waiting for those who will never come — 
Those who are sleeping so cold and still, 
'Xeath tlie beautiful snow of the Emma hill. 
Sparing neither the host nor the transient guest, 
Nor even the babe at the mother's breast 
All stricken down— with no warning breath. 
Hurled headlong into the jaws of death! 

Or perhaps they struggled— fjr who may know 
How they fought with the deadly blinding snow? 
How they strove with the ice of their living tomb. 
And wrestled in vain for a little room — 
Koom to breathe, and a breath of air — 
With the giant strength of a grim despair. 
Till compelled at length to yield their breath 
'Neath the icy grip of the hand of death? 
With no sound of prayer and no requiem hymn, 
No hand to grasp when the sight grew dim — 
With no funeral pomp nor unseemly show — 
They're resting in peace 'neath the beautiful snow! 



SU ISTTD J^IT XjESSOHNTS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ON THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON II. 



Q. 

A. 

Q' 

A. 

Q.- 
A. 

Q- 
A. 
Q.- 
A. 
Q 

A. 

Q.- 

A.- 

school 

Q- 

A 

Q- 

A. 
Q. 

A. 

Q- 

A. 



Were his parents rich? 

■No; they were poor. 

How did his father get a living? 

•He had a small farm. 

How long did they live in the State of Vermont? 

-Till Joseph was about ten years old. 

■Where did they remove to then? 

-To the State of New York. 

What town? 

-'J'o the town of Palmyra. 

■Was Joseph much of a scholar when he was a boy? 

-No. 

How was that? 

■Because his father was too poor to send him to a good 

What did he learn at school? 

Only to read, write, and spell a little. 

What did his father and mother teach him? 

■They taught him not to swear nor steal. 

Bid they teach him much about God.' 

■No; not a great deal. 

How was that? 

Because they did not know much about Him. 



The chains of ha\ it are generally too small to be felt till they 
are to .strong too be broken. 

CrXJ"V-ElNriIjE IISrSTIE^TJOTOIE^ 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUSLtSHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

,^»-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor J rvENiLE Instructor." 




