?Sl 



almss to tlje %ax)s\ 





VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1871. 



NO. 9. 



IFI^EIsrOII HD E G I-. .A. I?. 7^ T I O I^r OIF AATJ^K,. 



rplIE incturo 'wliidi wc give hcrewitli is thut of scenes whieli 
_L wore witnessed in the streets of I'aris on tlic evening and 
night of the day on whieli the declaration of war was made by 
France against rrussia. This declaration was made on the l:jth 
of July, 1870. When the declaration was proclaimed in the 
Senate, the utmost enthusiasm prevailed in the C'handier. The 
■'grave and reverend'' senators rose to their feet^ and shouted 
ior France and the Empire. They rejoiced over the certain 
defeat of the Prussians as though the work had been accom- 
jilished. AH that day and the night succeeding^ the Parisians 
— men and boys — jiaraded the streets, singing with great 
force and enthusiasm the JMarseillaise — the national war song — 
and crving "Death 



stead of jiarading the streets with torches, as we see in the 
engraving they did, they had greater reason to go forth with 
cries and lamentations at the prospect of the bloody and fatal 
war ujion which they were cntorhig. Coidd they have foreseen 
the terrible scenes through which they would be called to pass, 
in conseciuenee of this war, the loss of life, the bloodshed, the 
misei-y and sorrow and the dreadfid train of evils which followed 
its declaration, insteail of rejoicing, they woidd hav(_' mourned; 
mstead of being proud, they would have been humble ; instead 
of thinking of what they would do to the Prussians, they would 
have been filled with fear and dread of what the Prussians 
would do to them. But from the Emiieror down the nation 

was druidvcn with 




)) ride. T h e y 
thou gh t t h ei r 
armies could nut be 
conriuered. They 
had thi' hi st and 
most skillful gen- 
erals, the bravest 
;ind liesl drill ed 
troops, ihe fi n e st 
artillei'y and the 
most tbiu-o ug hi y 
■ijuippi'il arm i es. 
'rilese were their 
iipin io M s a. bo u I 
them.sc Ives a n d 
their nation. Their 
haughline ss an d 
|ii-iile w e re ve ry 
'_'reat. I t w a s a 
tcrrilil'' liii'W III 
tllrlli, ihi'li- I'll I- e. 
when they fiiuiid 
that in all these respects they were fir iiiferi ir to the i'nissians. 
It almost crushed them. 

The Emi>eror Na|iiiIeon nnist either have lieen terribly igiioi-- 
w short weeks | ant of the condition of his emjiire and armies and of the strength 
liad onl.v passed when their Emperor and some ol' bis principal ' and jierfection of the Prussians' preparations, or reckless of all 
oHiicrs and arnjies were prisnncrs in the hands of those sanje ' eonse(|U(Mic<'S. Somi' have thought that he was forceil mto this 
I'mssians, whom they hojied to whip so easily! hVance itself | war by his knuwledgi^ of tlii^ jilans of Ihe i'msslaiis. These 
lay almost helpless at the imTcv of the hated Prussian. In vain ' persons think llial llic^ Prussians were getting ready all the tnui^ 
(heir fninlic stnigt'lcs. The I'nissians were too stning for Ibr war, that tlir.\' were only wailing firaii nppoilnnity to eom- 



to the Prussians !" 
The streets were 
lighted with tor- 
ches e a r r i e d b y 
thiiusands in aliuost 
endless processions, 
ami J'aris .seemei 
almost mad w i t h 
jii.v. Tlii-y dream- 
ed of niiihiiig but 
conijuest. J II im- 
agination the.v s;iw 
the Pmssians eon- 
(luered and pros- 
trate at their feet, 
and full.V expected 
that their armii's 
wiiuld soon bring 
the iiroud King of 
Prussia t<i t e r iii s 
and compel him In 
sue fir jieaee. If 
their armies did rot reach Berlin, they would, at least, they 
expected, reclaim the jirovinees on the Rhine and extend the 
I'lontiers of France in that direction. 
l'.ut how dreadfully were they mistaken ! A f 



tbeiii. 1'liey whipped tlieiii in one b.ittle atU'r another, until 
the whole nation was in despair. Wlieii theses events traiis- 
piivd then they siw what fijoli.'-h iieople they had been. Iii- 



menceit, and that Napoleun bail i\i\un\ ibis nut, and hoped, by 
declaring war, to get the start of them. Whether this was so 
or not one thing is now plain— the Prussians weri! well prepared 



^?3e* 



■lee^ti 



l1» 



■^ 



g5^ es 



JTJ ^ E IsT I Xj E I3^STI?.TJOTOI^. 



I 



for the contest. Tliey ■wore in the best fighting trim, and they 
I" must have a.st<jni,slied Najxileon and his generals with the terri- 
]>h blows whiih tlu y gave them. The Freneh ha\'e jiro\ed 
that 
"Fride Lan'tli licfiiro (k>l ruction, iiiiil iiu l]:iiii;lily fiiirit ln'T'iiv u full." 



li TJ IvI B L E S T, IS IsTE'VEI^ 
LOST. 



ELTHU l)nril( illu.--lrai"S this niaxini with (lie following 
storj- : 

A [Mior, i-oarse-featuml nil woman lived on the line of the 
Baltimore and Ohio niilwa.v, where it passes thrmigh a wild, 
uiipeojilril distriet of Western A irginia. She was a widow, 
with only one daughter, living with her in a log hut, near a 
deej) preeipitous gorge, onissed by the railway Ijridge. Here 
she eontrived to support thenjselves b.v raishig and selling 
poultry and eggs, adding berries iu their season, and other little 
articles for the market. 8he had to make a long wear.v walk 
of many miles to a town where she coidd sell her basket of 
liroduee. The railwa.v jiassed h.v her cabin to this town ; but 
the ride Would cost too much of the pi-ofits of her small sales, 
so she trudged on genendl.v to the market on foot. The con- 
ductor came finall.v to notice her walking by the side of the line 
or between tlie rails; ami, being a good-natured, benevolent 
man, he would ot\en give her a ride to and fro without charge. 
Tlie enginenien and brakesmen were also good to tin; old 
Woman, and felt they were not wronging the hiterests of the 
niilwa.v cvnipan.v ]>.v giving her these free rides. And soon an 
accident occurred thai l)rovcd that they were ijuite riglit in this 
view of the matter. 

In the wild month of 3Iarch, the rain descended and the 
mountains sent down their nilling, mariiig torrents of melted 
snow and ice into this gorge, near the old woman's hut. The 
fliK)d arose with the darkness of the night, until she heard the 
crush of till' railway bridge, as it was swept fnini its abutnjents, 
and cla.«hcd its innki-n timbers against tin' < raggy sides of the 
preeii'lir on either side. It was nearly midnight. The rain 
fi'li in a flriod. and thi' darkness was di'cp aii<l howling with thc^ 
stiM'm. In another hall-hour the e.\press tniin would l)e iliie. 
What could she do to warn it against the awful destruction it 
was appmacliiiig? She iiad hanllv a whole lallow-candle in 
her house; and no light she umld make of tallow or oil, if she 
had it, would live a moment in that teujpest of wind and rain. 
Not a moment was to he lo.st ; and her thonght was cijuid to the 
iiioment. Slie cut tlio cord of her only bedstcjid, and shoulilered 
the dr>' post-s, side-piirew, and he.id-jiieces. Her ilaughter fol- 
lowed her with thcii' two wcHidi^n chairs. l'\> the stii'p em- 
liankmcnl tln-.v climlHil, and piled all their household furniture 
U|>oii the line a fiw roils liilon^ the black, awful chasm, gurgling 
with the niaring flood. The distant rumliling of the train came 
n|><>n tli''m .just astlic.vhad finil the Wtll-dricd combustibles. 
Tlic pile bla/.ed up into the ni'.dil, throwing its red, swelling. 
iMxniiing li'-'ht a long way up the track. In fifli'en miinites it 
would lii'gin to wiini-. and she could not revive it with green. 
Wet W(K(d. The thunder (d' the train grew louder. It was 
within five miles of llie fire. Wr)uld tliey .see it in time? They 
iiii.cht not put on tiie bnikes nthiu enough. Awful thought ! 
She tore her n'll flannel gown fnmi her in a moment, and, t.ving 
it to the end of a .stick, nin up the track, waving it in both 
hands, wliili' her daughter swung round her head a blazing 
chair-|Ki.st a little bef ire. The lives of a hundred unconcious 
pas.scngers hung on the is.sue of the next minute. The ground 
trendilcd at the old Woman's feet. Tlie great, re<l eye of the 
engine burst U|»in her as it came round a curve. J^ike a 
Inige, .Hharp-sighled lion coming .suddenly u|Kin a firi^, it si?nt 
forth a thrilling mar, that filleil all the wild heiglits and ravuics 



around. The train was at full speed ; but the brakesmen 
wrestled at their leverage with all the strength of desperation, 

Tlie wheels gmund along on the heated rails slower and 
slower, until the engine sfcpjied at the doca.vuig fire. It still 
blazed enough to show them the beetling edge of the black 
abyss into which the train and all its iiassengers would have 
plunged, and into a death and destruction too horrible to think 
of, had it not been for the old woman's signal. They did not 
stop to thank her first for the deliverance. The eonduetor 
knelt down b.v the side of the engine ; the engine driver and 
the hrakemen came and knelt down by him ; all the iiassengers 
cume and knelt down by them ; and there, in the expiring light of 
the burnt-out jiile, in them in and wind, they thanked (rod for the 
salvation of their lives. All in a line the kncelers and jira.vers 
sent up into the dark heavens such a midnight voice of thanks- 
giving as never ascended from them before to llim who seeth 
iu darkness as well as in secret. 

Kindness is in the music of good-will to men ; and on this 
harp the smallest fingers may play heaven's sweetest tunes on 
earth. 

TTIE ■ViTCDJEi.JD OIF -WISIDOIM:. 



Read before it ituctliig of the \,jth Ward Young Ladles' Co- 
operative lietrencliiHCiit Assoc till to a. 

I recollect reading au article in the IMilleniiial Sl^ir which 
commences as follows, "The Word of Wisdom — was it given 
to be observi'd or not'/" I have often thought ujion this suh- 
.jeet and marvelled that so nian.v of the Saints did not <ibey it. 
Some seem to think that the Lord is not iu earnest when he 
declares such and such things are not good Iiu- man, 1 believe 
that our heavenly Father knows better than an}' human behig, 
what is best for us, and that the Word of Wisdom is, as He 
sa.vs, ''ada])ted to the eajiaeity of the Saints." 

Some sa.v the.v cannot wink without tea. The.y seem to for- 
get that strength is jinunist^d those who will resi)cct the Word 
of Wisdom, Others say they think if they do nothing worse 
than drink tea, coffee &c., they are sjife, Perhajis the.v are; 
yet it seems to me, if we keep all other reiiuirements and neg- 
lect this one, we shall lack ,jnst so invich of living "by ever.v 
rford which proeecdeth from the mouth of (iod," 1 ma.v be 
called enthusiastic on this snh.ject, but I feel .justified by the 
leachings ol' those in authority. 

Some arc in the habit of excusing themselves for not keeping 
certain commandnients because others violate them ; but cu'r- 
tainly, the wiinig doin.u's of others can never .justify us in doing 
wrong, J{y our own deeds we shall be .jud.ged, O that we 
could , ill realize this 1 If we look at home — within ourselves, 
and purify our own thoughts and feelings, our time may be well 
cmplo.ved, 

I ill) wish 1 could impress upon the mind of each of m.y 
,vonng sisters, as 1 feel it, the iniporUince of keeping the Word 
of Wisdom, It ,i;rieves me to .see those who have rclini|uishcd 
the u.se of "hot drinks," yielding again to their appetite's. To 
simie it ma.v seem a tiilling matter, hut in my estimation it is 
quite the reverse, Onr I'residcnt, in one of his .sermons, .sjiid 
that those will) would not observe this Word, woiilil eventually 
lose the s|iirit, .and ai)oslatize. Wc; would hardly think this 
credible, but We must remember that it is alwaj's a neglect of 
some duty that leads to apostasy. If we always .strive to keep 
the eommanilments of Ciod as far us made known to us, we 
sli.ill ever be happy, and feel that we liave claim on the Ijord 
liir His blessings. Let us prove to God that to us, the Word 
of Wisdom was not given in vain. 

M\n\ FHKKZK. 



( )NK of the most important rules of tlu^ science of manners is 
an almost absolute silence; iu regard to .vonrself. 



if 







Cr TJ "V^ El ITI H. E IISTSTIS^TJOTOI^/. 



S7 



i^xssxoi>rjL.:Ei,ir sicetghes. 



I 



(Continued.) 

WE found the opposition to the gospel was very great in 
this jilace, so I stiirted in company with another young 
Elder to go to tlie interior of the Island to commence our labors 
preaching the gospel. Wlien we came to a city called Camden, 
forty miles from Sidney, we concluded to try to get a place to 
preacli in. We were refused all public houses that wc asked 
for. Finally we tried to get the privilege of stopping at a pub- 
lic house or tavern all night. We told the landlord that we were 
missionaries of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints, and we were traveling without purse or scrip, according 
to the pattern that Jesus had loft on record in the Bible. The 
landlord asked us if we were Mormons. We said that we were 
called that name by the world. After talking some time with 
hini he ordered us out of liis house, and told some drunken 
Irishmen to run us out of the town and he would give them a 
gallon of rum each. It was now after dark, and we went down 
one of the streets and called at a large boot and shoe shop. The 
owner said that he would keep us, and we were having a good 
discussion on the principles of the gospel when a rough voice 
called to the master of the jilace, and said, 

" Are you going to keep them d d Mormons here all night." 

We looked towards the door and saw there a uifib of drunken 
men, armed with native war clubs, spears, and the boomerang. 
The boomerang is a weapon that the natives formerly fought 
with. 

I said to my companion we mu.st get out of here. 

He replied, "how shall we do it without getting hurt?" 

I said to him that God had not sent us here to be killed in 
this manner, and if we will now trust wholly on the Lord, he 
will deliver us. 

I had not more than got these words out of my mouth when 
the owner of the house KUight the same sjiirit as the mob, and 
.s;iid to us, "get out of my house, or I will kill .vou," and at the 
same time struck at my ijartner with a hammer, but missed 
him as he sprang to one side. 

The mob said, "drive them out, and we will use them up in 
a hurry." 

I i)icked u]) my carpet bag and umbrella and went to the 
door with a jn-iij-erfnl heart to trod that he would jn-ott-ct us, 
and I walked out between manj' of them, It ajijieared that 
thej' did not see me, or they did not notice me. The nmlj was 
arranged on both sides of the door, with their weajions dniwn 
ready to strike at the first sight of us, and as m.v partner came 
out the leader of the band called the attention of his men to 
give some instructions how to deal with us and thus he slipped 
past them unseen. I took him b.v the arm and we started down 
the street. In the darkness cjf the night they could not .see us. 
About tliis time the owner of the house came to the door, and 
they asked him where the Mormons were. He rei>lied that 
they had gone out just that miimto>. They s;iid they knew bet^ 
ter, for, s;iid they, they have not i)as.sed us, and .you had better 
bring them out or we will knock your house down. At that 
they broke into the house, and, not finding us, they took the 
njaster and journeymen out, and beat them almost to death. 

In this diliverance we see the prediction of President Ileber 
i'. Kimball fullilled ; for he .said that I should be brought into 
many close i)laces, and it would seem tiiat death st;ired us in 
the fiice ; but if 1 would be faithful to my mission, tlu' angels 
of God would deliver me in all trials, and I should return in 
siifety to the Church and to my home. In all of my travels on 
tliat Island fiir two years and a half I found that when tUei"e 
was a giKjd work to be done in a city, we met with the greatest 
opposition ; for in this wime city, in which we received such 
cruel treatment, we afterwards ])reached and baptized and 
organized a branch of the Church with many members. 

Wc next Went to a city called I'icton, and by this time the 



Lord had made us bold to declare His gospel, fjr such light had 
burst upon our minds as we had never thought of before ; and 
by this time I had learned to read and write, and had learned 
arithmetic very well. We apijlied fir the Court house and 
obtiiined it from the judge of the district. We appointed a 
meeting for Friday evening, and we then put up some cards 
stilting the time of meeting. At the tiuie appointed the people 
assembled and filled the house. For two days my comjianion 
had been marking passages in the Bible, and on this occasion 
he was intending to deliver a fine discourse. The meeting was 
opened and he arose, took his text and commenced with great 
importance. He had not spoken more than five minutes when 
he got to the end of his sermon, for he could not .say more than 
amen. Then I was introduced to the congregation as Elder 
Potter, with the remark that I would continue the subject of 
the gosi)ol. I arose with fear and trembling, for it was the 
first time in my life that I had stood in a pulpit. Before me 
laid a large marginal Bible and prayer book. I nmst say that 
my mind was confused, but I took a text from the Bible that 
lay open before me. It was from the Prophet Amos : 
"Surel3' the Lord God will do iinthhig, but lie rcvoaloth his secret 
inito his scn'ants the in'opliets." 

After reading it I spoke a few more words and 
became dumb that I could not speak. I stood there without 
speaking about two minutes when the words of I'residiMit 
Heber C. Kimball came to me. He said that the time would 
come when I should be at a loss to know what to say to the; 
people, and at that time, he said, if you will conuuence to 
declare the divine mission of Joseph Smith in this our day, and 
the divine authenticity of the Book of Mormon, the Lord will 
loose your tongue and you .shall say the very things that is need- 
ful to be said to the people. When this came to my mind I 
commenced declaring these things to the congregation, I had 
spoken but a few miiuites when I thought I saw several lines 
of large letters printed on the walls of the house, and I com- 
menced to read them, and spoke about one hour. When the 
letters fadc^d from my sight I then stojiped speaking. I could 
not te^ll all that I had siiid, but my companion told me it was an 
excellent disamrse. When meeting was dismissed the judge 
came to us and s;iid if we wanted the court house again we 
could h:ive it ; so we gave notice that we would )ireach at that 
place on Sunday evening next. The next day we went through 
the city and talked with many of the people, and when Sundiiy 
evening came wc lighted the chandeliers in the house, went u]i 
into the pulpit and sat and read the scrii)tun^s. The time 
arrived fiir the jieople to gather but not a soul came. We 
waited half an hour, sung a hynni, and iledicated the Imuse for 
meeting. We still waited; but as no one came we locked up 
the house and went to our lodgings. 
Payson, AMASA POTTER. 

{To be eonthiurfl.) 

COOL BRAVERY.— CHARLES XII., King of Sweden, 
was a remarkably brave man. One day when he was dictating 
letters to his .secretjiry, a bomb fell through the roof, and into 
the next room of the house whi're they were sitting. The 
secretary, terrified lest the hciuse should l)e blown down upon 
them, droiiped his pen nut of his hand. 

"What is the matter?" aski^d the king calmly. " Ah ! sire, 
the boml>, " st^unmered the secretary. " And what has the 
bomb got to do with what I am dictating to you?" s;iid tin; 
kiug, "Continue." 



"MIND your own busine.s.s. " IX) .Vou know what this 
business is, each day and hour? It is to " keej) the heart with 
all diligence." It is to "do good as we have opi)ortunity." 
It is to grow in true knowledge and grace. It is t*i endeavor to 
make the most of our.selves, and of this brief life that God has 
given U.S. It is to iiut just as nmcli of the truly good and use- 
iul into this life as we can. This is business we must all mind. 



I^u^- 



'It^l 



^ 



^9 



W 6S 



■W 



O'TJ'VElsriLE IliTSTI^/TJCTOI^. 



« 



®|$ 5a&^nil$ ittslttaclap 



^ 






CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, APRIL 29, 1871. 




IIKN iiien for.s;iko Gud and wok fiir no 
rovi'lation from him, there is no telling to 
■wliat deiiths of folly they will reaeh. They 
will iiidiilire in the most absurd fancies, 
and imagine they are eorreet. You ean- 
'jXj-i'|^^^r^?a^ not imagine, children, how much valuahle 
"*>;^5N)'*f^'i7i^ (i,„(, i^ spent, by what are called in the 
world wise men, advancing their the<iries 
and other so called wise men disputing them. 
Thousjinds of books are writtou lc)r and 
against theories of this kind, after reading 
which many peojile have less idea of the truth 
than they had before they read them. This is 
vain philnsii])hy ; and yet it is the |ihilnsiiphy 
the World has always indulged in when they 
reject God. Iliiw much easier it would be for a man 
to seek unto ( IimI, who is the fountain of all knnwledge, 
and obtain n-vi'latinu from him. A few words from 
him, throrigh His Holy Spirit, Would set at rest many 
of the disputes in which they indulge ; but (his does 
not sniit them and they go on grojjing in darkness and s]iend- 
ing their lives in doubt. 

Two volumes have just been published in the East which 
■were -written by an English i)liilosoi)her named Darwin. He 
tries to j)rove in these books that men are descended from mon- 
keys and he has got many learned 'men to lielieve that this is 
the uise. Did you ever hear of such fi>lly 1 What an idea men 
must have of themselves whi'U they think of their forefathers 
being such creatures as we see in our IMenagerii! ! Yet this is 
the wi.-olom of the world ! Any man who thinks that he would 
like to have a monkey for an ancestor is welcome to the thought; 
but to us, .such au idea is revolting. It is a great comfort fir 
I.^itter-day Saints U> know that they arc descendiul from (iod. 
that lie is their Father, and tliat if they arc faithfid, they will 
be like lliin, .and dwell with Ilim eternally. It is a great con- 
.solation also to know that we can be baptized for our dead 
friends, wlio died in ignorance of the go.spcl, and that they can 
be saved with us, until thi; whole race, from the i)resent gener- 
ation back to the days of our father Adam, will be unit<(I. 
There is .something godlike in this reflection; a very diffiicMil 
thought to what it would be if we imagined that after we had 
gone back a cerUiin number of generations, we would gradually 
reach a tribe of monkeys. 

We .should be verj' thankful to the Lord for the knowledge 
which he has revcided unto u.s. We are not left in doubt or 
uncertainty, but everything ncces.sary for our happiness and 
eternal .salvation i.s revealed unto u.s, and we can obtain know- 
ledge through the means which God has ai)])ointed. In n-la- 
tlon to vain jihilo.sophy, J'aul warned the Saints when he was 
upon the earth, to 

" Reware, lest any nian sjMiil you through |ihilnso]ihy 
and vain deceit, afa-r the traditions of men, after the rudinniits 
of tlie World." 
The .siime Warning is ncccs.sar}' in these day.s. 



ONE of our youthful friends, who resides at Ilarrisburg, in 
"Dixie," lias forwarded us a nice colored picture of a man, in 
military uninirni, on horse-back. With the exception of a want 



i^2^ 



of proi>ortioii in some parts of the animal, it is exceedingly -well 
executed, and we think that a boy v^ho can draw such a 



^lainting and .sending to us the jiicture. We thank 
him for it; and hojie he will continue to cidliA'ate his gift. 



THE use of Tobacco is largely on the increase in the United 
States. Statistics show that it is consumed at the rate of 
about seven and a half pounds per annum for every man, 
woman and child. This is a very large amount. DocUirs who 
have examined the causes of insanity .say, tliat it is freciuently 
liroduced by the influence of tobacco. They have made care- 
ful investigations and have come to the conclusion that with the 
increa.se of the use of tobacco^ there is an increase of insane 
persons, and the increase of insanity is progressing in the same 
jiroportion as the increase of the use of tobacco. You might 
imagine that in countries where this is known its use would be 
checked ; but this is not .so. Even where these statements are 
most widely )iublished tlie use of tobacco has increased at an 
alarming rate, and it is hard t<j tell where it will stop. We 
hope that in Utah IVrii lory there will be a pcojile found who 
will never use tliis vile slutT, and that our boys and yoiuig men 
e.S])ecially will shun it as they would ])oi.son. There is not a 
doubt but that it injures the brain. No man who uses it has 
the .sime i>ower (o think and c'xercise his brain as those do who 
are free from the habit of chewing and smoking it. 






Fallior .iIhivc, 
Tlion (iod of love, 
To tlice f give 
TliankR Unit I live. 
All tln-ouuh (lieniuht 
'I'illl.nind (l;iy liylit, 
Tlioii lm>t me liejit 
Wliile I li:iv.- slept. 

Oil this now diiy, 
'I'd lliee I pniy ; 
)ii' tlioii my i;uiilo, 
Walk liy my siile, 
M}' eyes direct, 
My curs protect, 
From words mid soeiios 
Tliy word coiidcnins. 

My toiignc restrain 
l'"riiiii words profane; 
:SIy liiiiuls loid feet 
lioMi guide and keep. 
And lit fiiiiiset, 
l.el no regret 
or iiiiKspeiit time 
O, Lord lie iiiiiie. 

Still lei me kIiuiv 
'I'li.v tender rnre, 
And at life's end 
To TIk'c iisoiMid. 
For tliiK I plead 
And nil I need 
'lliro' Clirisl, my Lord, 
Till' Son of (Joil. 

Amen. 



G. i:. 



The Rlble allows no slovenliness in business. Tlu? gosjiel 
encourages invention. promot<^s reUnement, suggests melliod, 
insist.s upon order, promiitnesH, regularity, good humor, good 
manners and good living. 



.r* 




G'TJ^STEISriljE in^STIE^TJOTOI?/, 



J^ SEJ^ Ivd: O InT ST E I?. 



ON tho 12tli of Blarch, of last year, Captain Slocom, of the 
sclioonor Salarlin, (which vessel he had cleared on the 9th, 
at Jacniel, Hayti, laden with copper), whDe in latitude 36.04 
N., and longitude 75.01 W., descried, to the eastward, an 
object which he at fii'st s-upposed was the wreck of a small 
vessel. Altering his course, which was N. N. W., he ran down 
to the assumed wreck. It lay about five miles distant. 

"At 7.30 a. ra." — at 6 a. m. the object was first seen, the 
weather at the time being murk}' — he writes in his log-book, '"I 
came up with it, and, to my astonishment, it proved to be a 
large and vicious-looking sea-monster, such as I had never seen 
or heard of at any time. The body appeared to be about forty 
feet long, and the tail about sixty feet, with forked ends — each 
fork about four feet long. It had two feet, or fins, not unlike 
those of a sea-turtle. The creature stood about twelve feet out 




I in length, and a tail of sixty feet. But the most curious feature 
! of the monster was an immense body of hard gristle matter 
twelve feet in height, forty feet in width, with the same length, 
which was entirely void within, forming a large bladder-shaped 
j balloon, which, filled with air, buo.yed the serpent on the water, 
and seemed to be an agent whereby it could keep the surface. 
This oval buoy had regular ridges, running from the apex head 
— for this bladder preceded the body of the fish — to where it 
joined the main bod.v. These ridges extended fore and aft, at 
intervals of four inches, with a regular height of two inches, 
and gave to the surface the appearance of the network of a 
balloon. The bladder portion was elastic, and yielded to the 
movements of the sea, and was two inches thick, but of a hard, 
dense, impenetrable character that would resist knife or bullet. 
On each side of this floating dome were two heavy paddles 




m 



of water, and was fully forty feet in breadth. Its shape was 
oval, and it hud ridges running ffjre and aft, of about four inches 
wide, and, I shuuld judge, two iuches deep. It had a white 
back and Ijrown sides, and, at the time I neared it, was moving 
through the water at the rate of two mik's an hour. The body 
seemed to have been inflated with air, and looked very much 
like a balloon half subnicrgi-d. The crew, which I had called 
from their bunks, stood, with myself, on the starboard side of 
the ve.s.sel, tho .seeoiid njate going alol't, and witnessed tin; mon- 
ster fir ujiward of an feour, or until she iierniitted the balloon 
to gradually collajise and then .sink in the depths." 

G'lie New York Herald, a few days subsequent to the arrival 
at that port of the Saladin, gave an account furnished l)y Caj)- 
tain Slocom of the strange fish, from whieli we take the ,sub- 
joirieil: 

''It was now in plain sight, with every jinrlinn clearly visi- 
lili'. Its size was very accurately measured, and the .serjient 
Was fnund 111 be line Innidred feet lung, wilh a IkhIv lurly feet 




each five feet long, liy which the monster made progress. This 
part described may all be consiilered as one of the most 
suriirising wiinders of the fi.sh world. The fish ]iroi)er, which 
was but an appendage tailed on to this blii\vn-u]i bladder, con- 
sisted of a heavy fishy substani-e, with brown sides, and about 
ten feet from tlu^ dome were two e.ves one on either side of a 
large horn. From this jmint the fish tapered ott' to a forked 
tail. Captain Slocom .says the forks nf the tail stood horizontally 
in the water, but submerged tiiur I'eet, the rest of thi' monster 
sitting lightly on the ocean wave. 

The engraving gives a very excellent iilea of the appearance 
of this monster. Some day we may have it in our power to 
give a description, and probahly an engraving, of the monsters 
which are said to lie in IJear I^ake. IJn^tiiren and sist<'rs, 
\vho,><e Word we would lielievo ujion any other subject, 
an,' confidi'nt that they have seen monsters there. We have not 
lieard of Lite of their being seen. i?ul it ma.\' lie that .some pi'r- 
sou will \'el Miei-eed in eapl oriiig one of them, if they re;illy e.xi.sl. 



*^t^ 



1 



70 «J"U""V"En^II_.E I2iTSTT^TJOTOI5/. 



'S\^ 



'^-J> 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



GiisrisrjLB^i^ nsro2. 



SOMI'^TI^IES uiitmte glo1)ules of quicksilver arc soeii liy the 
lens, tlisjxTsed through the sulphide of that niet;il (C'iiiiia- 
bar); this is ealled ''native ciuieksilver." This metal is called 
"Hydrargyrum" ' hence the symbol llg, f(ir uiercury. This word 
signifies "linuid fiuicksilver," or, more literally water-silver. 
This metal has been known fi-oni the remotest ages, and the 
mode of reducing the ores of the metal was understood. The 
brilliance and bcjiuty of vermilion caused it to find a jJaee 
among the most valued jngments, and, to this day "Chinese 
vermilion" is greatly ])rized. But now-a-days. chemistry has 
bri)Ught about changes of the most extiiKirdiuary character in 
jiiiiduciiig colors, refuse material from the gas factories of 
large cities has bi^on utilized ; and even guano, a siiecies of 
manure, has been i>ressed into the service of man, to give uj) 
its coloring jiriticiples, which rival in beauty and traMS]>areney 
the tints of the raintiow ! It may be mentioned that generally 
those colors manufactured from gas-tar refuse, are called "coal 
tar colors," although they have sitecilie names, which fre(iuent- 
ly ciinvey no idea of the color. Thus there is the 'Magenta ' so 
named in honor of a celebrated battle, is a well known "crim- 
son" dye, which a battle may well be suggestive of Then there 
is a ven- tine rose purjile color, tliat may be toned down to the 
most lovely violet hue, which is known as "Mauve," and ano- 
ther named "^Vzuline", that gives an intense s;ipphire blui'. 
These, and a ver>' large number of colors, all useiul for dying 
wiMilen and other textile fabrics, are i)reiiared i'mm the tarry 
oils produced li.v the destructive distillation of coal. 

But Cinnabar is not now injportant merely as a i)igment to a 
great extent, although it is .still used fjr that purpose in large 
<iu:iiitities. It is certain that the ancient Indians of this conti- 
nent u.sed this ore for that i)uri)ose. A gentleman connected 
with tlie celebrated "Almaden" mine of California states that 
a Lirge hole sfime thirty feet deep, had been worked in ancient 
times, undoubtedly to ]>rocure the jiigment. Some of the robes 
iiLide by the Sioux Indians were embellished with vermilion 
procured in this manner, or from other deposits of Cinnabar. 

Tliere is likely to be a .greater demand lor (pucksilvi-r than 
ever, not merely to .silver our mirrors, for medical and jihiloso- 
l>hie:d puriwise.s, but ll.r working the i>recious metals. .Sh<iuld 
large mines 1k! found and the busiiics.s of manufacturing (juiek- 
silver from the (pre be carried on exten.sively it will greatly add 
to our Wialth, fir industn- is a.s.sociated with the mining of this 
metal. The very minute iiarticles of gold that are di.s.seminated 
through our rocks cannot be recovered without quicksilver. The 
proccs.scs of umalgaination cannot be described here at length • 
the principle of all of them is to dis.solve out the precious 
metals in mercury f;)r which they have gre^t aflinily. In this 
■way an amalgam, or alloy is formed from which the goM is 
recovered. 

It i.s to l>c hf(ped that tljos,. who may bo engaged in mining 
f.r the ores of men urj- will be guarded against the ellluvia 
wliieh so genr-rdly aris<:s from mercun,-. It is .so ea.sy to be 
dec*;ived in the belief that mj such noxious vai^r ari.s<.'S because 
th(> .senses do not lake eogni/anee of it. Should any indications 
of 'Salivation' he pi;rceived it may be considered certain that 
the vapor of mercury is doing its diadly work. By .s;divation 
i.s meant a state in which the mouth is affected in such a nian- 
iior that the teeth become liK>.sened, the gums s-wollen, violent 
pains in the flice and jaws with nervous tremblings. This does 
not ari.s<.' from the cinnabar, but from the presence of "Iree" 
mereuo', di-'pens-.d thn^ugh the ore. It is SJiid that to prevent 



the vapor of the metal from jiassing into the stomaeh, the 
miners oi S])ain keep a i^iece of gold in the mouth, this may to 
a limited extent serve the jnu'pose, but it will not ]irevent the 
absorption of the vapors by the myriad pores of the skin. It 
will be well therefore, to correctly imderstaud the action of 
mercury, for it is said, free metal is seen in some of our ores. 

BETH. 



h:tstok>"Z" OIF 

O H TJ I^ O HE. 

(^Cuntinncd.) 



THE 



AFTRTi landing at Liveri)ool, President Young and the other 
]-]lders, bis companions, tt)ok rail to I'reston, the town in 
England where the gospel had been first ]iroclaimed b.v the ser- 
vants of God in this disiiensation. On the 14th he met in 
Council with six of the Twelve, namely, Ileber C. Kimball, 1'. 
P. I'ratt, Orson I'ratt, John Taylor, Wilf;ird Woodrutf, and 
George A. Smith. This was the first C'ouneil held by a ma.jori(y 
of the (luorum of the Twelve in a foreign land. After the 
apost;isy of .some of the Ajiostles, at Kirtlaiid, several J'llders 
were designated in a revelation given to the I'rojjhet Joseith at 
Far West, July 8, 1S.;8, to be ordained to that oHice, among 
others named was Elder \Yil!ard ]{ichards. He was one of the 
I^lders who acconijianied Brother Ileber C. Kimball to England 
when the gospel was first carried there. He remained in that 
country when Brothers Kimbidl and Hyde returned home. At 
this council of which we sjieak he was ordained to the oflice of 
an Apostle, and received into the quorum of the Twelve by 
un.-uiimous vote. At the same council Brother Bri!j:ham was 
chosen standing President of the Twelve by unanimous vote. 

On June 1st, ISIO, Brother Brigham and Brother Ilvber C. 
Kimball met with .somi^ Saints at Liverjiool, who were about to 
sail for America, and orL'anized the company; and on the sixth 
of that month that com])any sailecl for the land of Zion. There 
were furt.v-oiK^ souls in all, and they were the first fruits from a 
foreign land — the ))ioneers of a mighty host which shall be 
gatlu^red from all nations to swell the ranks of the rede(nned. 
The United States and Canada had contributed souls to 
.strengthen and build uji the work of God ; but now the Apostles, 
having the ke.vs and authority t<i ojien the gos])el to foreign 
nations, had cros.sed the ocean, and Eurojie had commenced to 
yield her sons and daughters in resixaise to the ,i;lail tidin.gs of 
.s:dvati(]n which were proclaimed on her shores. Elder John 
3Ioon was appointed President of the coU]]ian.V. 

To show how much advantage it is to the Elders in building 
u]) the Church of (iod to have the sjiiritof revelation, we will 
relate an incident which occurred at Manchester. J 'resident 
Idung had or.ganized the priesthood in Manchester to meet 
every Sabbath morning and distribute them.selves throu.uhout 
the city to i)reach in the streets. In this way they oeeujiied 
about forty preaching stations, at each one of which the i)eo|)le 
were notified of iIk; re.eular mi'etings which were held in Car- 
penters Hall. This so annoyed the secUirians, jiarticularly the 
Methodists, that they made comj)laints to tin; Ma.vor, who 
issui'd an order to have all street preachers arrested. J 'resident 
Voung went to the ]iriesthiiod meeting the next Sunda.v morn- 
ing, and felt iinl)re.s.sed to t<'ll the brethren to go home. 'The 
police, obedient to their instructions, arrested all the street 
preachers they could find that morning*about twi^nt.v in num- 
ber, who, howevcT, all proved to be Methodist.s. When the 
magistrate learned they were not "Mormons" they were dis- 
mis.sed. The trap was set for the Elders, but through the 
si)irit of revelation in I'resident Young, they escajied, while 
tho.se who had been in.strumental in i)rei>aring it were c;iught 
in it. This incident clearly exhibits the value of revelatioti 
from the liord to guide His sen'ants and to enable them to 
escape the snares of the wicked. 



1^ 




cr Tj ^ E :]sr I Hi E ii^tsti^tjotoK/ 



The following extract from a sermon delivered by President 
Young at the recent conference in this city, gives a full and 
very clear summary of the work which he and his brethren the 
Apostles accomi)lished whUe on this English mission. The 
facts are stated in so concise and forcible a manner that the 
extract will be read with interest. He said: 

"I will give you a little of my experience when on my English 
mission. When I landed in Livorjiool I had siwenty-five cents, 
and with that I bought me a hat. I had worn, on my journey 
to England, a little c;ip that my wife had made me f)ut of a 
jiair of i)antaloons that I could not wear an.v longer. ^^^' stnyed 
in Liverjjool one year and sixteen da.vs, and during that time 
we baptized between eight and nine thousand iiorsons, printed 
five thousand Books of Mormon, three thousand hymn Ijooks, 
over sixty thousand tracts that we gave to the people and the 
'Millennial Star;' established a mission in London, Edinburgh, 
and I do not know but in a hundred other places, and we sus- 
tained ourselves. Who was there on that mission I mean 
among the missionaries, that had a coat or cl(.)ak that I did not 
pay for? I transiictcd the business myself, and wc paid every 
dime. We got money from the brethren and sisters and paid 
them up. Besides doing this, we fed family after family ; and 
I never allowed myself to go down to the printing office without 
putting m.v hand in the drawer and taking out as man}' coppers 
as I could hold, so that I might throw them to beggars without 
beuig stopped by them on the wad. Did we borrow that which 
we did not pay? No. Did we beg? No. The brethren and 
sisters, and especially the sisters, would urge us to come and 
cat with them. I would try to beg ofiF; but that would not do, 
it woiUd hurt their feelings, we must go and oat their food, 
while they would starve to procure it. I was always ashamed 
of this ; but I invariably had a sixpence to give them. How 
much had I given to me? One sister, who now lives in I'ay- 
son, gave me a sovereign and a pair of stockings; and when I 
came away, a hatter, by the name of JMiller, sent two hats by 
me t» ni.y little bo.ys. The sisti^rs, when I first went to Liver- 
pool, made up a little eontrilnition and got me a pair of panta- 
loons. I was not in the habit of begging, but I said to them 
'when my tniw.sers are a little ridiculous, I guess .vou wUl know 
it, won't you'? and they gave me a pair of pantaloons, other- 
wise I do not think I received one farthing. I might have 
received a shilling or two from othc^rs, but I do not recuUect. 
When we left we sent over a shipload of the brethren and sis- 
ters, a good many of whose fares we paid. When I went into 
Liveri>ool I do not think I could have got trusted a sixpence if 
I had gone into every st/jre and shop in the place. When we 
came away a certiiin Captain wanted to bring us over, and said 
he 'Are .vou ready'? 'No.' 'How long nmst I wait tor 
.vou'? 'Plight days;' and they tied up one of the finest ves- 
sels in the harbor of Liverpool in order t» bring us over. I 
thought this was a miracle, don't you? I am sure there are 
.some sistors now here who came with us in that vessel. I 
received that as a miracle. It was the hand of Clod." 

[To be conlinued.] 

AS the oak, growing Iti the open field, cjinlimially beaten by 
the tempest, fits and fortifies itself for the c<iniirig blasts by 
growing near the earth and striking di'cp its roots, b(^conies its 
own jn'otector, so th(! man wlio is compelled to rely on his own 
resources Conns an independence (jf char.teli'r to wliieli he c<iald 
not otherwise have atUiined. 



.\ liopiilar writrr says : Tt is as ahsnnl to spend one's life 
M hoiirding nji niijlifiiis id' wealth, whieh the [jossessor can 
nev<'r enjoy, as it would \ii', to collect and la.v up in a storehousi^ 
("10,(11(0 mahogany chairs whi<h w<'re never intended to Im' used 
for the furniture of aji;irtment.s, or KO,(l(J() pairs of Irowsers 
whieh were never intended t<j be worn. 




BBisrcr^iyci isT iFi^.^isriCLiiT. 



T 0-day we have a few words to say touching the life and 
character of one of the greatest men America has produced; 
great as a patriot, great as a statesman, great as a philosopher, 
anil great as a virtuous, good and wise man iu his every day 
life. We refer to Benjamin Franklin, once the printer's ap- 
l)rentice, then the philosopher whose fame spread to the ends 
of the earth ; at first the associate of the poor and humble, 
afterwards the honored companion of Kings. A man who rose 
step by step from the lowliest beginnings through his own 
untiring exertions, to be the arbiter of nations and the friend of 
the greatest and noblest of the ago in which he lived. 

Benjamin Franklin was liorn in Boston on the 17th of Jan- 
uary, 1700. He was the .youngest of sevent<_^en children, and 
was at first designed for a minister, but his father was not rich 
enough to provide him with what was considered the necessary 
education to enal ile him to i>reach to the jioople, s<j he went to 
work with his fiither, who was a tallow chandler. But cutting 
wicks for caniUcs, filling moidds, running errands and similar 
drudgery did not suit young Benjamin, and after one or two 
changes he was ajiprcnticcd to his brother James, a printer. 
This suited his tastes exactl.y. He borrowed all the books he 
could get hold of, and denied himself all luxuries, many plea- 
sures, and even some of what others esteemed the necessities of 




%^&^ 



life, so that he might purchase books with which to appease his 
uncontrolable desire for kriowledge. From reading he t«xik to 
writing; his first composition being a few ver.ses of poetry. He 
soon, however, turned his attention to writing on )iolitical sub- 
jects, and as his brother published a newspaper, his first lifFort 
in that direction was addressed to him as the editor. He, how- 
ever, wrote in a disguised hand, and without informing any one 
of its authorship, and was highly delighted to bear his efforts 
ascribed t^i the leading writers of the city. ]'>ut Benjamin could 
not keep his secret, and at last told his lirolher. 'J'his had the 
urifcn-tUMatc effect of making his brother jealous, a good deal of 
unhappiness resulted, James treated him with great UMkiudness, 
and the two brothers ceased to be friends. At last, young 
Franklin's situation became unbearable, and he abruptly left 
lioston and started secretly for New Y(u-k, He was unable to 
olitain employment in that city, so he passed on to riiiladel- 
phia, where he arrived hungry, sore-footed and travel-stained. 
Oiie'of the first things he did on his arrival was to imivhase 
tlu-eiM-olls, one of which he placed mi<ler each arm while he 
al(^ the third. He madi- this meal wliile walking through tlie 
stri^'ts of the ci(,v, and washed the hivad down with a draught 
of water from the river. Noticing many Wi'll-dresscd people 
all going in one direction, he followed them, and was led into 



<^f 



!J^^^ 



7S 



CTTJ^EH^ILE IITSTI^,TJCTOI^ 



a Quaker meeting-house. He svt down. Imt feeling so tiretl 
and -wearv he fell asleep until the meeting being over some one 
awoke him. 

^Vfter .some difficulty he obtained work at a jninter's, and was 
s<x>n brought to the favorable iiotiee of the (iovernor of the pai- 
vince, under whose i>atninage he went to England with the in- 
tention of there obtaining aid to start a newsjiaper in I'hiladol- 
phia. On amving in London he Ibund t^i his hon-or and dis- 
may that the letters of credit given him by the (Iovernor were 
worthless. He had again to search for employment, which he 
soon obtained, still he did not remain long in England, but re- 
turned to Philadelphia, where soon afterwards he luidertook the 
management of a news])a]ier. 

We will here relate an anecdote charadcristic fif the m;ui. 
Whilst jmblishing this newspai>er he stnmgly censured certain 
modes of trans;ieting business practised by some of the merchants 
of Philadelphia. He handled the knaves in such a manner as t<i 
arouse their wrath, and callii g a meeting among themselves, 
tliey waited upon the sturdy printer, demanding Ui know what 
he meant. "Here," Siiid they, '"we have been patronizing you, 
and this is our reward. You must change this course or we'll 
show you that the merchants are a power you cannot trifle with. 
Without our patn>nage where would you stand?' 

''Gentlemen of the merchant.s' committee," rejilied the ur- 
bane printer, '."I am, as ymi may see, very bu.sy now, but call 
at my hou.se this evening for diimer, and we will consider the 
matter in a friendly manner." Tlie connniftee c-ongratulated 
themselves that they were evidently "one too many ' for Ben 
and were at his house at the hour aiipointcil. To their sur- 
prise they founil nothing on the table but ninsli and a large 
pitcher of milk. The gentlemen of the eoniniitfcc could not 
touch siich cuarse food, .so had to watch the healtby jirinter 
make a hearty meal. Having tini.shcd, he ro.se from the table 
and .siiid: "Now, gentlemen, he who i-M\ live comfortably on 
such food, can live without your i)atronage. I .shall cease to 
attack your practices when you cease to ]M-dctice them, not l)e- 
fore. Gentlemen, .good night." 

It is said that fiir many a year the I'hilad 'Iphia merchants 
were better and more honest owing to this iru idcni. 

Prauklin soon after this received the aiii)ointment of iirintci- 
to the Hou.se of A.ssiMnbly, and, in ITi'.O was elected its clerk. 
Ne.xt he was cho.sijn one of the Common Council, then Alder 
man and al'tcrwanls Representative in the .\ssenibly. 

In the year 17 I'l Franklin's attention was drawn (o the study 
of elix-tricity, which led to the discovery of the identity of this 
fluid with lightning. Being convinced that the two were 
identical he t(x>k -steps tn pmvc it. At first he thought he 
might make some cxiierimonts from a high steei)le, or spire, 
but there was no .such thing in the city. One day while medit- 
ating upon the tbcmn, he ol).s<Tved a little boy watching the 
movements of his kite fir up in the sky. In an instant the idea 
struek him that here was a method ol reaehing the clouds. He 
at once constructed a kite of silk, and awaited the next thunder 
storm. This was in June, ITo'J. At the Hrst signs of a storm, 
he went into the fields and raised liis kite. To the lower en<l of 
the string he fastened a key, .-ind insulated it liy attaching it to 
a p<ist with silk threads, .\fter some time, be ob.servcd, to his 
joy some loo.si' ends of the iieinpen strings rise and stand erccl. 
a sign of the [iresence of elect ricit.v. He olTiTed his knm kics (o 
the key and dn'W flirtli a spark, wliiih demonstrat<>d to liini the 
iilentity of lightning and elii'trieily. As the rain inen!a.s<'d 
and the string Ini'anie a iM'tter eonduetor, the ki^y gave out 
ctipiou.s .strtaim.s of (.•lectricity. His disi-overy was at first ridi- 
culed and denoinic<-d by many. His p.iper on the sidijeet to 
tlic Knglisli ]{oyal Socii'ty was n'ad aniidst di risive langliler ; 
but the memljors .shortly after n'l-onsidend the matter and 
made the best amends they could b.v electiiii.' him a mendier of 
tle'ir honoraVile l>o<ly and presenting him with a medal. 

We have not tiirie now t/i follow Franklin tlimugh the riper 



years of his life, nor recount in detail the story of his wisdom 
aud his jiatriotism during the trying years of the great revolu- 
tion. While Washington was fighting his country's battles at 
home, Franklin was abn)ad .securing funds, negotiating treaties, 
obtainuig loans, and doing all iH)ssible for man to do to advance 
the cause of American Independence. In 178:>, he had the 
gratification of signing the Treaty of Peace between this eoun- 
Irv and (Jreat Britain, he having been aiipointed a connnissioner 
for that pur])ose. On the 17th of Aju-il, 17'.)0, this remarkable 
man ]iassed away from tliis world full of years and honors, a 
strikhig exam])le of what diligi^nce, integrity, (meriry and cour- 
age will acconii>lish in advancing the fortunes of their [xis- 
sessor. 



pFtijinai 3?ii(li*y» 



soisTG- OIF" .A. i^j^ic :pa.:e?.t"y. 



TUNE, "Annie Laura." 
Dear U tali's scenes nrc rheerv, 

Wlicn h:i]iin" oliiUIren bring 
A sweet and smiling weloumo 

To greet tlic li'j:lit of spring; 
And merry lanilikin's pla.v, 
And Midlines hri:;lit and ga.v, 

N;ilui'e's free, nnliurdeneil ciealinvs, 
Hail llio "Ixiiiiiv" lii^t ufMiiy. 

Ni)W yitntlis and niaitlens niiiiirle, 
And gnilelcss lieurts urestir'd, 

Will) pure and lender feelings, 
I'ntold by gliincc or «-ord ; 

Vet some iniisl needs ln-.tni.v, 

In Kind and modest wav, 

Clierislied liopes loo dear to prison, 

On the l>onn3' lirst of Ma.^'. 

Oft w ill fane.v In the future 
Look on lliese iro<jdl.v sei'iies, 

And in niemor.v wU] be iirosent, 
Vipinii; knights and gentle ipieens, 

.\nd fervinlly \vi''ll [iray, 

Not one be led ustra.v, 

lint uacli life be calm ami lovely, 

And as jiure as boiniy .Ma.v. 



i.ur.A. 



Whali ver work we liavi' lo do, 
Slmnl I never 1k' delayed ; 

Jieranse the siune exenscs, too, 
To-iin»rrow will be made. 



There is nothing so lienelii'iaily edne.-ilini,' to a ,\diin'.' man as 
the companionship of sist<'rs. Tlie.v lanLrli liim out of tlio.se 
little awkwanliie.s.sesof manner wliieli oljieiwise niiglil beemne 
habilnal. They reliiie liini n'ii'onseionsi.\- in ail mailers of taste 
and politeness. 

Is pulillslied in Salt l,ake Cit.V, Utah 'I'erriloiy, 

i:vi;uv (iriir.H s.vi'I'Iihay. 

CEORCE CANNON, EDITOR .St. PUBLISHER. 



Siittjtc (\ijit/^ jirr Auvnin 

Hiiigle Oip'l, for Nu: ildndis.. 



.?'.; .'Ml. 

. 1 M. 



n- 'Jrnin tiroii''ht to tlii" <'lty for tlie .Icvknii.k Instiuktok will be 
riceiviHl ut the olliie of uur iihiht-Krsi'.kkt Niiws lUiii.ni.vos. 



r^^ 




