
VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUAKY 20, 1875, 



NO. 4. 



^vATJ^TT'S IFTK. ST EX:i=>EI?.I3ynEIsrT. 



rjlHE -story of Watt's boyish days, which lias been made the 
i subject of our iiicture, is only one of a thousand ilhistrations 
that misht be adduced to prove the truth of tlie well-icnown 

line, — 

"Whiit great events fmni liule causes rise!" 

Who could have imagined that the ((ontemplation, by a 
young boy, of the family tea-kettle "on the boil," would in 



toll how, turn to profitable account; for he constantly employed 
his time in making experiments of various kinds, but alwaj's of 
a .scientific or mechanical nature. His aunt, Mrs. Muirhead, 
entertained a different opinion of his powers, and one evening 
reproached him for what seemed to her to be listless idlene.ss — 
taking off the lid of the tea-kettle, and putting it on again; 
holding sometimes a cup, and sometimes a spoon, over the 





process of time work out a comiilete revdiutidn in the .•.^ocial 
condition of a great part of the whole world? And yet ruch 
has been the result of '"Watt's first experiment." The 
anecdote is given by Arago, who received it, it i> .-aid, from 
some member of Watt's family. The lather oi' the boy had 
the penetration to perceive that hi.s son possessed a genius 
which would in some way or other, thciugh he could not then 



steam; watching the exit of steam from the spout; and counting 
the drops of water into which it was condensed. Here we 
have the germ, so to speak, ot the steam-engine and loco- 
motive. 

Simple as is the incident related by Arago, it is one (juite 
worthy of being illustrated by the art of the paiutw; and the 
artist has succeeded in producing from it a graphic and pleasi 





38 



CTTJ^EIsriLE in^STI^TJCTOI^, 




picture. In such an ordinary domestic scene, there is no 
ojiportuuity for the display of great powers, but the most is 
made of what there is to call them forth. The interest of the 
composition centers in the young experimentalist, who, neglect- 
ful of the meal spread out before him, intently watches the 
effects of his operations; so also do the father and aunt, the 
latter with a degree of kindness that evinces regard for the 
boy, however much she may chide him for "listless idleness." 

The world glories in men who, like Watt and Stephenson, 
work out immortal names for themselves by their own genius 
and indomitable energy, though it too often neglects to pay 
them homage till the fire of their intellect has gone down 
forever, and the grave has closed over their remains. 

No star glittered on the breast of the Greenock mechanician, 
Watt; no royal sword was laid on the broad shoulder of the 
Newcastle pitman, Stephenson. But they will live forever in 
the honor and reverential respect of mankind at large. 



SL^nsra- ^wo:e^jd3. 



BY HOLLO. 




ARE what we hear every day by the score, upon our streets, 
in our lecture rooms, concerts and theatres; in fact, a 
person cannot go anywhere without hearing some persons use 
them. But what good are they? Does it sound nice, gentle- 
manly or ladylike to use them? The writer of this answers 
decidedly in the negative. But, you may ask, if it is so 
bad, why do so many people use them? I will answer, simply 
because they have acquired the habit, and, like many other 
habits, it is easily acquired, but hard to cast aside. It is not 
the boys alone that use them, but the girls also; and though 
the girls may not use such rough expletives as the boys, still 
it is .slang. I myself have noticed young ladies whose behavior 
would be faultless were it not for the use of slang words, make 
themselves appear very silly by such indulgence. I'ou will 
hear, when girls get together, even in a ball room or private 
gathering, such conversation as the following: 

"Say, Minnie, have you heard that Hannah's 'feller' has 
'played off' on her?" 

" 'You don't say!' 'Well I never!' 'I'll bet' .she's 'piling up 
the agony!' " 

■"I guess she is too. She's a 'stiff.' Do you think that I'd 
'.snivel' over a 'muff' like him? 'Not much.' " 

''No, nor I wouldn't. "Not for Joe.' I'd have 'another 
string to my bow' in 'half a jiffy.' " 

"So somebody told you that a certain person went home 
with me Sunday night? 'A little bird whispered it?' 'That's 
too thin!' 'It won't wash!' I can 'see through a millstone." 

"I'll bet you can't. But I've a 'big thing on ice!" But 
now we'll go, eh girls? 

" 'Ke-rect' " 

This is but a specimen, and a small one at that. There are 
some persons, undoubtedly, who will say that they uo not 
belitfve that girls use slang to that extent; but if any of them 
wish to find out let them listen attentively to conversations 
that are continually going on about them, and I am satisfied 
that they will find my statements correct. But, as a few 
specimens of slang words, I clip the following from a well- 
known paper, just as an e.xamiile of "Young America" at the 
present time: 

"'How is that for high?' 'Does your mother know you're 
out?' 'There's a nigger in the fence.' 'Let 'er slide.' 'Keep 
1.' 'Draw it mild.' 'Why is this thu.s?' 'How does the land 



lay?' 'You can't most always tell.' 'Cheese it!' 'It's no go!' 
'That's all gammon.' 'Cxoing to .see the elephant.' 'Simmer 
down.' 'That's nobby. ' 'You'll laugh out of the other side of 
your mouth!' 'Both in the same boat.' 'Dressed to kill.' 'Got 
a brick in his hat.' 'Anything green in my eye?' 'Go in Lem- 
ons!' 'Keep a stiff upper lip.' 'That's 0. K.' 'It's all the go.' 
'Mind your eye.' 'You know how it is yourself 'What a 
cheek!' 'That's what's the matter.' 'You're too fresh.' 
You know what's what. ' 'AVhat's your hand?' 'Go it Mind.' 
'Two can play at that game.' 'Go it while you're yotuig. ' 
'He's got the stamps.' 'You bet.' 'Put a head on him.' 
'What's his racket?' 'Give us a rest.' " 

This last quotation I am decidedly in favor with, ind 
heartily subscribe to it. "So wide and prevalent has become 
this practice of idiomatic expression, the use of the.se can't 
and vulgar phrases, that it is seldom, except when thrown in 
contact with jieople of really superior culture, that the habit 
strikes us in its peculiarly ludicrous and humiliating sight." 

I read in the papers not long ago of a society of young men, 
which had for a rule that the members should pay a forfeit of 
one cent for eveiy slang word they uttered. If some of the 
youths would adopt that rule here, I have no doubt that it 
would prove highly beneficial; but at the same time I wouM 
hardly advise them to do so, as there is danger of their 
fathers becoming bankrupts. 

It is said the tongue is an unruly member; but let us try 
each and all, to begin and continue an effort toward casting 
aside these gross vulgarisms, and use a little more common 
sense in our conversation. 



1^* -«g>-* 



J"^ GHnnLiD'S :pei?.ii_,. 



'Hheis: 

O Such was the startling cry heard one morning aboard the 
Whaleship Springfield^ anchored off Icy Cape, Arc:ic Ocean. 

Hither and thither ran the distracte.' mother — the captain's 
wife, searching vainly for her little Mary, a girl of six. who 
had been missed soon after daylight. 

What had become of her? 

Just at dawn she had ri.sen, dressed herself, put on her 
cloak, and gone on deck, as she had been in the habit of doing, 
to see the seals, which, at that early hour, were wont to come 
up in .swarms about the ship. 

An hour later her mother went on deck, to discover that 
her little girl was gone! All the crew were below at that time. 
So when they came up, on hearing the woman's wild cry, and 
she questioned theiu, they could only an.swer that not one 
of them had seen the child that morning. 

"I'm afraid she has fallen overboard and been drowned," 
said the mate to the captain. 

Just then, however, an old sailor named Will Block, pointed 
over the rail toward a long line of bergs compactly frozen 
together, extending from land, distant about a hundred yards, 
to within half a foot of the ship's side. 

Some snow having fallen the day before, the marks of little 
shoes could now be seen fsiintly impressed on it, in places 
where it had not become very hard. 

The captain's eyes lighted up. His wife uttered a cry of joy. 

'They are the marks of her feet!' she exclaimed. 

Then her countenance fell as she eagerly scanned the shore. 

' 'But where is she? I cannot see her. She could not have 
gone far in so short a time! Oh, if .she should have slipped off 
the ice and been drowned!' 





crTJ^EnsriLE ii^sti^tjctoi^. 





"There are plenty of hollows ashore," said the captain, hope" 
fully. "She may have merely fallen into one of them.' 

With several men, among them old Will Block, bearing a 
coil of rope, as a means to easily get the little girl out of any 
deep, slippery hollow into which she might have fallen, the 
captain now proceeded shoreward, eaeerly watched by his wife, 
who had been persuaded to stay behind when told that, the 
snow and ice making bad walking, the assistance she would 
require from the party if she went, would only retard the 
search for the child. 

Ashore the snow was so hard that the tracks of the girl 
were there lost. 

At length, however, a feeble wail was heard, in the direction 
of which the men hurried, and soon arrived on the verge of a 
hollow or valley about fifteen feet deep, in the bottom of 
whicli they beheld little ]\Iary! 

Looking uji, on hearing the ioyful cry now breaking from the 
sailors, the child extended her half- frozen hands toward them 

"0, pep I, I'm so glad you Lave come!"' the said. 

"All very well," answered the captain, laughing; "but how 
came you so for away from the ship; that's what I would like 
to know?' 

''I saw something bright on the land," was the reply, "and so 
I went to see what it was, but it was only ice, and then I 
slipped and fell in here. ' 

The captain pulling forth a handkerchief, now waved it 
high in air toward the ship, and uttered a loud shout to let 
his wife know that the child was found. 

But hardly had that cry escaped him when, emerging from 
a rocky cleft in the hollow, appeared an object that blanched 
the weather-beaten cheeks of the sailors with dismay. A 
huge white bear, probably just roused from its sleep by the 
loud voices, was approaching the little girl, its small, lurid 
eyes, gleaming with a hungry expression, its head slightly 
bent, its jaws open, disclosing its sharp fangs, from between 
whif^h protruded its fierj'-red tongue. 

The animal was as long as an ox, but evidently haif-fomished, 
as the enormous bulk of his body, having been greatly reduced, 
contrasted singularly in its lean, sunken appearance, with its 
great legs and paws, thus adding to the uncouth and horribly 
grotesque look of the savage beast. 

Already, within fifteen yards of the child, the bear was fast 
approaching her, leaping awkwardly, with that hideous, side- 
Jong swaying of the bent head and leering of the bloodshot 
eyes Dcculiar to this monster when making an attack. — What 
was to be done? 

None of the party had arms; not one had even brought with 
him the sheath or the pocket-knife usually eaiTied by seamen. 
■ "Into the hollow with me, all of you." shouted the captain. 
"1 will throw myself on the bear and die if I must. The re.st 
of you pick up my little girl and save her." 

Will Block seized him with an iron grip hurling him down. 

"Stand back. Cap. You have a wife and child to live for. 
I am an old hulk without anybody, and .so, bL-i.-^t me! l"m the 
one that ought to make the sacrifice." 

With these words the old tar allowed himself to slide down 
the snow into the hollow. 

But the rapidity of his descent caused his feet to slip under 
him, and he was hurled sideways, striking his head against a 
rocky column with a force, that for the moment, stunned him. 

The bear not noticing him— as he had been thrown away 
from the beast — was now almost within reach of the child, 
who, white and trembling, paralyzed with fear, cowered before 
it on the frozen snow! 



Will Block regained his senses in an insbmt, sprang up, and 
saw the bear about raising itself on its hind paws to clasp the 
little girl and devour her! 

To interpose his own person between her and the ferocious 
beast, to save her was now impossible, for the tender head of 
the little one would disappear in the animal's hungry jaws ere 
he could reach her, while the efibrts Df the captain and the 
other man, who were now sliding down into the hollow, must 
all prove unavailing, as they would not arrive in time to shield 
the imperiled girl. 

It was at this juncture that a sudden thought flashed on the 
mind of the old sailor. 

With the ra])idity of an expert, he made a large bowline 
hitch at one end of the rope which he had brought with him, 
and in a moment stood ready to hurl it in the manner he 
intended. 

There was now a wild cry of despair from the captain, as 
the bear, lifting itself on its hind legs, opened its fore paws to 
clasp the child, at the same time uttering a growl as of savage 
pleasure, at the prospect of the tender repast, right under its 
bristling jaws. 

All hope for the little girl seemed lost: the teeth and the 
claws ot the monster were ready to commence their work — 
what could save her? 

There was a whistling sound, as, with unerring aim, the 
skilled old sailor sent the slack of his rope flying from his 
hand. The noose he had made caught round the bear's 
middle, and, as Block then pulled, the rope closed tight 
around it. 

With one quick, powerful jerk, the brave seaman brought 
the huge animal, growling with rage and pain, down on his 
side; then he quickly secured the other end of the rope, by 
several turns, round the rocky column near which he stood. 

"All right. Cap. Now for the skip before the bear bites 
the rope in two!" 

The captain had already snatched up his child, and now, 
followed by the rest, he scrambled up the left side of the 
hollow, which was not as steep as the opposite slope. 

The three soon regained the ship, when the captain, to the 
shuddering mother, described, little iMary's late peril, and the 
gallant manner in which she had been rescued by Will Block. 

Accomanied by half a dozen of his crew well armed with 
guns and lances, the captain returned to the hollow to attact 
the bear; but he found that bruin had bitten the rope in 
twriu and made off" to parts unknown. Years afterwards, 
when too old to work as a sailor, Will Block received from the 
little Mary, whose life he had saved, and who was ^now the 
wife of a young New Bedfold merchant, jthe present of a 
small, comfortable house, and a piece of ground on her 
husband's estate. 

— < » -^- » »i 

AVhat a Spider did. — A gentleman once boasted to a friend 
that he could introduce to him an engineer of more wonderful 
,«kill than Robert Stephenson. In fulfillment of the boast, he 
brought a glass tumbler containing a little scarlet- colored 
spider, whose beautv, with its nest on a sprig of laurustinus, 
had induced a young lady to pluck the si)rig from the bush 
where it was growing. When brought into the house it was 
placed on the mantel-piece, and .secured by placing a glass over 
it. In a very short time this wonderful little engineer contri- 
ved to accomplish the herculean task of rising the sju'lg of 
laurustinus a weight .several hundre<l times greater than him- 
self to the ui)per jiart of the gla.ss, and attached it there so 
firndy that itremained for years where it was hung by the sjiide 





4:0 



cr TJ "V' E n^ I L E IISrSTI^TJGTOie.. 




#lll$ 



m erica.. 



BY G. M. 0. 



THE AZTECS. 



IT was in the month of April, A. J). 1519, that the renowned 
fillibusler, Hernando Cortez, anchored his fleet in the 
beautiful bay since known as the Ba.y of Vera Cruz. Previous 
to this — in the year 1517 — a number of roving spirits, under 
the command of Francisco Hernandez, of Cordova, discovered 
the island of Cozumel and the vast i-romontoiy Yucatan. 
This expedition, however, meeting with many disasters, and 
being opposed in landing so fiercely and .successfully by the 
natives, returned to their last conquest, the island of Cuba. 
Another expedition, under Juan de Grijalva, sailed during the 
spring of 1518, following the same course to Yucatan, then 
north and west along the coast to the point St. Juan de Ulna, 
or Vera Cruz, on the coa.st of ^Mexico. Here they exchanged 
their glass heads for gold with the kindly disposed natives. 
They also obtained information of a vast empire, ruled by a 
great monarch — Montezuma — whose wealth and power was 
fabulous. The tidings of this di.scovery led to the organizing 
of the expedition under Cortez, who hoisted his black velvet 
banner, embroidered with gold, and emblazoned with a cro.ss, 
and the characteristic device: ' 'Let us follow the cro.ss. Under 
this sign, with faith, we conquer." Cortez followed the rou'^ 
of his predecessors. Visiting Cozumel, they found the island 
not very fertile and thinly inhabited, but containing large and 
commodious buildings of stone, cemented with mortar. Sev- 
eral of these buildings were spacious temples with lofty towers^ 
all constructed of the same material. One of the greatest 
surprises to the adventurers was the discovery in one of the 
courts of a temple the same emblem as that embroidered on 
their banner: a massive stone cross. This cross was worshiped 
by the natives. The Spaniards say it was in honor of the god 
of rain. Historians have never properly explained how the 
natives of this new world obtained this emblem of Christianity. 
The natives also believed in original sin, which was removed 
by performing the baptismal rite. 

Sailing from the island, the squadron cros-sed the narrow 
strait, and sighted the mainland. Following the contour of 
the coast northward, tl"ey anchored at the mouth of the river 
Tabasco. Here aL^^o was found a well cultivated country, with 
vast temples and commodious hou.scs. Here our adventurere 
fought a fierce battle, during which the bullets from the guns 
of the invaders swept through the crowded ranks of the 
natives with terrible destruction, covering the ground with 
their slain and apiialling them with the noi.se and fla.^h, which 
they imagined to be thunder and lightning. Taking posses.-iion 
of the capital. Tabasco, in a lofty and massive pyramidal 
temple, one of the chief ornaments of the city, he erected an 
altar, with images of the Savior and Mrgin, took possession 
of the country in the name of the king of Spain, and changed 
the name of Tabasco to St. Mary of Victory. 

As the ships of Cortez anchcired in the placid waters of the 
Mexican bay, thej' observed that the shores were covered with 
a wonder-stricken multitude, who came eagerly to contemplate 
with awe the unusual spectacle, while grassy slopes, luxuriant 
groves, villages and rural dwellings charmed the eyes of the 
Spaniards. It is not necessary to relate the number of bloody 
battles, or describe the wreck and ruin that marked the route 
of the Spanish army, from the sea coast to Tenochtitlan (City 



1<V 



of Mexico), they are facts well known to the general reader; 
but a description of the principal cities, as found by the 
mvaders is more to our purpose. 

When they entered the city of Zemjjoalla they found the 
streets perfectly clean, and nicely paved, while ornamental 
trees shaded them and .spacious stone houses lined either 
side. They were thronged, too, with a bu.sy, happy and 
refined people. A spacious court yard surrounded a pyramidal 
temple, grand and imposing. The soil of the surrounding 
country was of astonishing fertility, supplying food abundantly. 
The Spaniards were never weary of expressing their delight 
while marching through this earthly Paradise two days. After 
leaving this city they moved through a country of luxuriant 
foliage, flowers and waving grain. Villages were thickly 
scattered around, and one of them— Jalapa — was filled with 
rural residences of the wealthy natives, of .surpassing mag- 
nificence. 

On the fourth day of their march they arrived at Naulinco, 
a large and populous town, containing many ma.s.sive temples. 
Here Cortez rested for five days, after which he continued his 
march, following along the banks of a broad and picturesque 
stream, skirted by an unbroken hue of neat and populous 
villages. After traveling some sixty miles they entered a 
large town, called Xalacingo. They were now on the borders 
of a very powerful nation of republicans, called the Tlascalans, 
who had thus far succeeded in resisting the aggrcs.sions of the 
Aztecs. The entrance to this territory was guarded with an 
extensive wall of solid masonry, built like the great wall of 
China, to protect the country from invasion. This wall was 
some six miles long, and the only entrance gate was so con- 
structed that a small army stationed there could make a very 
determined resistance. After many bloody and hard-fought 
battles, the Spanish adventurers entered Tlaseala, the capital 
of the republic. Historians say it was indeed a large and 
magnificent city, more populous and more imposing in its 
architecture than the Moorish capital, Granada, in old Spain. 
Among the many wonderful things found, the invaders were 
astonished at the effective police regulations, the well-kept 
baths, both hot and cold, and the barber shops attached. 
Cortez, in his letter to the emperor, Charles, of Spain, stated 
that so populous was Tlaseala, that he presumed thirty 
thousand persons appeared daily in the market-place, buying 
and selling. 

Cortez remained in the conquered republic for twenty days, 
to refresh his troops and gain all the information he possibly 
could respecting the Aztec empire. The Tlasalcans, hating 
their ancient foes, the Mexicans, forgot in a few days their 
own subjugation, and joined the Spaniards in their proposed 
expedition against Montezuma. All the forces of the republic 
were raised and placed at the dispo.sal of Cortez. 

About eighteen miles from Tlaseala was situated the city of 
Cholula, the population of which at that time was over one 
hundred thousand. It was in Aztec or Mexican territory. 
Cortez found it a beautiful city, with wide, neatly arranged 
streets, and handsome dwellings. It was a sacred city, and 
contained many costly and grand temples; it was in this city 
that the great and grand pyramid of adobies, or sun-burnt 
brick, reared its towering head. Nothing of this beautiful 
city now remains but the ruins of this great pyramid. A 
Catholic chapel now crowns the summit, and it is covered 
with trees and grass. Humboldt gives its dimensions as fol- 
lows: base, 1440 feet; present bight, 177; area on the summit, 
45,210 square feet. Originally, it was in four stages, and 
dedicated to Quetzaeotl (the fiiir god), of whom we shall 





JTJ^EiTirjE I2SrSTK.TJOTOIS/. 



41 




speak in a future article. It was called in the Aztec language a 
Teocallij from tea — god, and mlli — house or houses: "God's 
house." By order of Cortez, the inhabitants of Cholula were 
massacred most inhumanly, and the beautiful city was reduced 
by fire to a heap of ruins. Delaying for a fortnight, to rest his 
army, he resumed his march towards the capital of the Aztec 
empire, sixty-five miles distant, and, after several days' toil, 
they reached the hights of Ithualco, and the great valley of 
Mexico greeted their eyes. Forests, orchards, rivers, lakes, 
cultivated fields, gardens, and beautiful cities and towns com- 
posed the landscape. Resting upon islands, in the bosom of 
a great lake, was the queenly city, Tenochtitlan, or Mexico. 
A series of smaller lakes, with innumerable towns, with lofty 
temples and white dwellings, fringing their margins, pic- 
turesijuely reflected their forms in the crystal waters. The 
circumference of this valley, surrounded with a line of pale 
blue mountains, was some two hundred miles. Over forty 
large cities, and towns and villages without number, covered its 
space. The Spaniards gazed upon the scene with amazement 
and wonder. The indications of power and civilization were 
far beyond their anticipation. Resting two days at the city of 
Amaquemecan, where two large stone buildings were provided 
for their accommodation, they proceeded to Ayotzingo, their 
path to which place led through smiling villages, fields of 
maize, gardens of beautiful flowers and groves of Arcadian 
splendor. The city was built on wooden piles, in the waters of 
Lake Chalco. Boats of every variety of color, and graceful 
design, glided through the streets. One historian says, "This 
city was the Venice of the new world. 

( To he Continued. ) 



PAINTS. 



BY BETH. 




THERE has been some talk lately about preparing the various 
pigments that are found in the earth, so as to make them 
useful as paints. Many substances sold here for jiaints are 
largely adulterated with natural ochre, and we pay a large 
price for them, too, compared with the same class of goods if 
made here. The processes of making white lead have been 
described in the last volume of the Juvenile Instructor; it 
would "pay well" now to begin this manufacture u])on a large 
scale. But there are other prei)arations of lead that we could 
make that could be used as substitutes for much of the white 
lead of commerce. To this there would probably be some 
objection off'ered by those interested in present practices; for 
it must be admitted that jnire white lead, when you can get 
it, is preferable to use, as it "spreads better" and goes farther. 
Suppose, however, we have a good substitute for this article at 
half the price; that would make a very material difference; 
and, in addition, if made of our own materials, this should 
make a greater difference in its fevor. 

It happens now that the crude oxyd of lead can be obtained 
in abundance. This substance finds a market in the east for 
manufacture; nmch of it is reduced here to lead again for 
"cupellation," or separating silver from the baser metals. 
From this crude oxyd not only can litharge be made suitable 
for painting and for manufacture into "red lead," but it also 
can be prepared as an oxy-chloride of lead, white as white 
lead, .soft and usable as a substitute for that paint. 

This would also have the advantage of being cheap, and its 
manufacture on a large scale would obtain for us another very 



important article — soda. It is only necessary to bring together 
common salt (chloride of sodium) aud oxyd of lead, when an 
interchange of elements takes place; the metal sodium goes 
over to the oxygen of the lead forming soda, and the chlorine 
of the salt unites with the lead, forming chloride of lead. By 
using proper proportions a bleached oxyd of lead may be also 
obtained, and, by further processes, even carbonate of lead, if 
required. 

It is now customary in large cities to almost discard the use 
of white lead and lead preparations generally, on account of 
their ]wisonous properties; besides which, jwints prepared in 
oil are inflammable. It so happens that a white substitute is 
found in certain white pigments, prepared in "water-glass," 
a silicate of soda. This will not burn; and, it also has the 
property of being made water-proof. We may see what 
advantage it would be to make soda, in preparing our lead — 
white paint: the soda could be fused with our glass-making 
sand in that proportion which makes soluble glass, or silicate 
of soda (water-glass). This would be available for many pur- 
poses: fire-proof paint, wat«r-proof paint, for making soft 
sand stones hard and enduring, or water-proof (hydraulic) 
cement, etc. And there is nothing new, uncertain or specula- 
tive in these things: they are being done, profitably, extensively 
and satisfactorily, in all our large cities. 



A TERRIFIC combat has taken place, says the Pall Mall 
Gazette, on the shores of Lake Tantalus, in the vicinity 
of Bournabat, Asia Blinor, between a professional sports- 
man, named Caramouchi, and a leopard which had for some time 
been devastating the neighborhood. So heavy were the 
los.ses of the inhabitants of .fhe district owing to the ravages 
of this animal that they agreed to have a battue for him, 
but in the meantime Caramouchi determined to attack the 
leopard alone. Sallying forth one morning, accompanied by 
two friends, he found the tracks of the animal in the snow, 
and followed it up to a cavern in tlie rock. The three men 
fired their guns simultaneously into the entrance of the cavern, 
and were rewarded by the sudden appearence of the leopard, 
who, bounding forward, seized Caramouchi, lacerating him 
severely in the arms and legs. 

After a desperate struggle, the leopard, which had been 
wounded by the discharge of guns into the cavern, quitted its 
prey and withdrew to the brink of a ravine a few yards off. 
Caramouchi' s friends at this juncture prudently proposed to 
retreat, but Caramouchi signified his intention of pursuing the 
sport, and, reloading his gun, fired another shot at the object 
of his pursuit. The leiipard was now thoroughly out of tem- 
per, and bounding again at its assailant, the fight commenced 
in earnest. Caramouchi was horribly mangled, but just as his 
strength was giving way he drew out a knife, and. stabbing 
the beast in the stomach, by a vigorous effort he shook it off" 
and chucked it down the ravine. The leopard was killed by 
the fall. Caramouchi fainted, but, partially reviving, was 
carried with the dead leopard in triumph to the village. He 
was then put to bed, where he is likely by latest accounts, to 
remain for several weeks, and a subseripticm has been opened 
f )r him by his grateful neighbors. 

^ > -^»-. t ^ 

There is nothing which wings its flight so .swifily as cal- 
umny, nothing which is uttered with more ease; nothing is 
listened to with more readiness, nothing dispersed more 
widely. — 





4:S 



CrTJ"v^:H]:LTIIL.El I3SrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 





uvtiu 




GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 





SATURDAY, FEBEUARY 6, 1875. 

Er)iToi?.ij^nij TuoTja-HTS. 

some of our young readers who look 

at things as they appear on the surface, 

it may seem as though the kingdom of 

God was growing but very slowly, and 

they may be apt to feel, if they do not so 

express themselves, that the coming of 

the Lord in His glory is far, far away. 

Perhaps, if they were asked when they 

expected the destruction of the wicked, 

which the Savior declares is the end of the 

world, they would place that event at some 

very distant date, which neither they nor their 

children would ever live to see. Yet it has 

, been declared by revelation that this generation 

7f-rS^ shall not pass away until these things shall be 

H\:^ fulfilled. 

Though a passing glance at the world might cause 
many of us to fancy that things are not very different 
to what they were twenty years ago, yet those who look 
beneath the surface, and whose minds are lit up by the spirit 
of God can perceive that the nations are rapidly hastening 
towards great upheavals and overturnings in which the powers 
that now are will become as naught, and other powers, 
controlled by new ideas and aims will take the place of the old. 
All of which will tend to the bringing about of the end and 
purposes of the Great Creator. 

But we need not go beyond the borders of T^tah to learn 
that the word of God is hastening on. There are many things 
that are taking place around us ( hat speak in no uncertain 
voice of the near approach of a day when the power of God 
will be made more abundantly manifest to roll on with greater 
speed the work He has commenced on the earth. 

Among the.se signs we will mention, first: the energy and 
zeal displayed by the servant* of God in pushing to a ra])id 
completion the Temple of our God at St. George. Since the 
day when the Saints were ruthlessly driven from their homes 
in Nauvoo, they have had no Temple in which ordinances which 
can alone be performed in such a house, could be administered 
to them, for the salvation of themselves and their dead. But 
we now have every prospect that in a few short months by the 
united efforts of the Saints, this Temple will be so nearly 
finished that the rites and ordinances, the power and gifts of 
the Holy Priesthood will be administered to men within its 
sacred portals. 

Another noteworthy sign of the near ajiproach of a brighter 
day, is the visitation of the .scattered remnants of the house 
of Israel on this land, by holy beings, who have told them the 
story of their descent and hi.story, who have urged them to 
forsake the sins and'idleuess of their lives, and commence to 
be useful and industrious; who have taught them the principles 
of the Gospel, and have sent them to the Elders of the Church 
of Jesus Christ to receive baptism and the remission of sins. 
When we remember that these messengers of salvation have 
appeared to many tribes and in widely separate regions of 
this vast continent, and that many of the Lamanites have 



received their teachings and obeyed the heavenly warning we 
must be blind if we cannot i)erceive that we are at the thresh- 
old of a new era in the world's history and that the times 
of the gentiles are nearly fulfilled. 

Still another harbinger of the near advent of the reign of 
righteousness and peace is the preaching by the Presidency 
and Elders of the Church, of that United Order, outside of 
which the kingdom of God can never be established in its 
fullness upon the earth. Some may ridicule, some may oppose 
the establishment of the order of heaven, but the day must 
and will come, when it will take the place of our present crude 
and jarring state of society, and the unity of the saints not be 
a thing to be sung about and prayed for, but will be a wide- 
spread reality and the will of God will be done on earth as it 
is done in heaven. 



.A. 






When a King of Unyon dies, it is not the custom to put 
him in the grave until the succession to the vacant tbroae 
has been decided. His sons must fight for the royal power, 
and the civil war entailed sometimes last for years. 
Meantime the deceased king lies unburied. Iramediatly upon 
his death, his body is laid out upon a frame-work of green 
wood constructed like a huge gridiron, and is dried o\cr a 
slow fire. When reduced to the condition of a mummy, the 
body is wrapped in new bark clothes and laid in state in a 
large house erected esnecially for the purpose. Here it reposes 
while the contestants are fighting for the succession. 

As soon as victory has decided in favor of one of the parties, 
the fortunate son visits the hut where his father's body awaits 
sepulchre, and, approaching the corpse, sticks his spear up- 
right in the ground, and leaves it thus near the right hand of 
the body. The son now assumes the regal state, and, as his 
first duty, superintends the funeral of his father. 

An immense trench is now excavated capable of containing 
several hundred people, and is neatly lined with fresh bark 
cloths. A number of the wives of the king are then seated 
together at the bottom of the pit, so as to bear upon their 
knees the body of the defunct. The night before the funeral 
the king's own regiment, or body-guard, surround dwellings 
and villages, and seize their inmates as they leave their doors 
in the morning. These cai)tives, consisting of men and 
women indiscriminately, are conveyed to the brink of the pit, 
where their legs and arms are broken with clubs. Thus dis- 
abled they are pushed into the pit. on the top of the dead king 
and his living wives. 

A horible din of drums, horns, flageolets, whistles, mingled 
with the yells of the frantic bystanders, drowns the shrieks 
01 the miserable wretches "upon whom the earth is shovelled 
and stamped down by thousands of cruel fanatics, who dance 
and jump upon the loose! mold." so as to compress it into a 
compact mass. Through this it is impossible for the entombed 
victims to force their way, as their limbs have been broken to 
render them helpless and prevent their escape. At length a 
mangled mass ' of human beings "is buried and trampled 
down beneath a tumulus of earth, and all is still. The funeral 
is over. ' ' 

With how much heart-felt fervor must the inhabitants of 
Unyon continually pray, "Long live the King!" Selected. 



Slander is the revenge of a coward, dissimulation his 
defense. 





CTTJ ^ E 3Sr I L E I IDT S T I^ TJO T O I^. 



43 




TJI^ THE HDEZsTT JDTJ 3VCIIDZ. 




THE Dent du Midi is a magnificent mountain not far from 
the Lake of Geneva, so called from its being shaped like a 
tooth. It is a very conspicuous object in that lovely region, 
and, owing to its situation, commands from its summit an 
extensive view. The place from whence the ascent is made is 
Champery, a small village at the head of the Val d'lllier, one 
of the most lovely spots m Switzerland. Here I arrived one 
beautiful morning last September, with the intention of ascend- 
ing the Dent du Midi before the fine weather passed away. 

The first thing to do was to find a guide, and I had no diffi- 
culty, as mountaineering friends had recommended to me 
Antoine Clement, a young man who combines the profession 
of a guide with that of blacksmith 

After passing through the village, and crossing the river, we 
began at once to a.?cend by a steep, rou^jh path among pine- 
trees. It soon became quite dark, and I stumbled along over 
stones and the roots of trees, till at last, after nearly two hours 
walking, Antoine announced that we were out of the wood 
and close to the chalet, which we soon afterward reached about 
eight p. m. On our knocking, the door was opened by a 
woman, and we entered. It 
was a strange-looking place; in 
the center of it, suspended 
from the roof, hung a huge 
boiler for making cheese, and 
all round the room, as far as 
the light of the fire and of a 
tallow candle allowed us to see. 
were large wooden tubs full of 
milk. Above was an open loft 
filled ■^^^th hay and corn; here, 
too, several domestic animals 
had their abode. Two wild- 
Inoking men were crouchina 
down over the fire. The wo- 
man, who was hospitable and 
civil, opened a door at the fui- 
ther end into an apartment 
which contained two very high 
beds, in one of which I feared it 
was to be my lot to sleep, while the rest of the family would 
probably occupy the other, or be scattered in picturesque attitudes 
of repose over the floor. However, this was not my lot. After 
some parley with Antoine in a dialect which I did not under- 
i^tuid, a door was opened which led from this apartment into 
another very small room, in which was a bed, a window, a 
bench with a jug and basin in it, while round the room were 
hung on large pegs all the clothes of the entire family, the 
Sunday hats and bonnets of the females, as well as the coats 
and vests, etc., of the men, together with the household linen, 
.some clean, some doubtful. 

As to the bod — well, not nuiny persons had gone up the 
Dent du Midi this year, and fewer still slept at the chalet, so 
perhaps the sheets had only served for those few. The sheet 
was merely laid over some straw; the bolster, covered Ijy some 
dirty pink material, was hard as wood. Antoine obtained for 
me the luxury of a large pailful of cold water for a morning 
bath. The window I insisted upon being left open, and a 
delicious smell of cows, mingled with the faint odor of a stable, 
was occasionally watted in by the cool night-air. I looked 
round the room, and the bed; it was not tempting, certainly; 
out there was no help for it, so to bed I went. 




In about half an hour, nine o'clock struck. I tried in vain 
to go to sleep; I was tired, but not sleepy. The bells of the 
cows and sheep kept up a continual jingle outside. At ten 
o'clock I felt more lively than ever. I heard voices overhead, 
and the floor above me cracked when any of the family turned 
in their beds. At eleven o'clock I began to get desperate; 
what was to be done? here were nine or ten hours' hard 
walking and scrambling before me on the moiTOw, with only 
four hours' chance of sleep. At half past eleven I got up, 
looked out of the window — sky cloudless, air delicious, stars 
bright. I drank some water, tried to compose myself to sleep, 
but all in vain. The bells of the cows jingled away, a horse 
bigan to neiah, chickens to cackle, and the people above to 
turn more vigorously in their beds. At twelve I was wide 
awake; at one there was no change in my feelings or condition. 
At two I heard a stir in the next room, and a light was struck 
and then extinguishe<l. This I pej-ceived, because my door 
was ajar, there being no means of shutting, much less of 
locking it; as I rightly imagined, that was Antoine striking a 
light to see what time it was. Soon after came a tremendous 
noise overhead as if .some very heavy person had fallen out of 
bed, and the wooden house cracked and groaned; this, Antoine 

afterwards assured me, was 

■'only the servant of the house 
dreaming a little." But at 
half-past two alight was again 
struck, and Antoine came to 
tell me that it was time to get 
up. I had a head-ache, felt 
very tired, and not the least 
up to such an expedition after 
so bad a night, but I bathed 
myself in a jiail of water, 
which was doliciousl.v cool, 
and made a speedy toilet by 
the fiiint light of the tallow 
candle. I now heard the 
cracking of a fire, and the 
boiling of water — preparing 
for the coffee which we were 
to take before our departure, 
and to which early breakfast 
Antoine and I sat down at a quarter to three. The coffee and 
milk were excellent, the bread as sour as it always is in these 
regions. At three a. m. we started. Antoine carrying a small 
lantern, for, thtiugh fine and cloudless, it was jierfectly dark, 
and he had to hold it close before me down to the ground that 
I might see where to place my feet. It was rough walking- 
enough, now over large stones, then through bushes, scrambling 
up and down the sides of streams and torrents. 

On, on, we went in the darkness, till we came to a place 
where we had to jiass a narrow ridge at the side of a precipice 
over a ledge of rock scarcely wide enough to place our feet on, 
holding on by an iron bar fastened into the rock for the purpose; 
close by I heard the roar of a waterfall. Then came a descent 
to the banks of a wide mountain-torrent, where Antoine left 
me while he went in search of the jilank which served as a 
bridge, and which they had to c(inceal, or the iieasants would 
use it for firewood. The day now began to dawn; we were in 
a wide, desolate valley, .surrounded on all .sides by bare, bleak 
rocks, over which we saw several snowy mountain-peaks, which 
soon began to glow with the red light of the rising sun. 
There were a few clouds, but Antoine a.ssured me the weather 
wovdd lie fine: he now jiut (int his lantern and hid it anio 





44 



or TJ -^ E ItTI 3_i E! IITSTI^TJOTOI^. 





some rocks till our return. We continued our march by day- 
liiiht; it was a dreary walk enough, for we soon left the green grass 
and bright li'ue Al|)ine flowers behind us, and had to go over 
rough stones and barren roeks; but the mountiins looked 
grander as we approached them, and numerous glaciers were seen 
around us. There was no longer any path, and we had to 
make our way up the steep mountain-side. The summit of 
the Dent du Midi looked close to us, as if we should be there 
in a few minutes, but it was a good three hours' tug before we 
reached it. The climb we now had was quite as tiring to one's 
jiatience as to one's legs. It was up a mass of loose shale, 
something like slate, only thicker and softer; wc seemed to 
make no jirogress, sinking back two steps in every three we 
made; this fatiguing walk lasted for a long time; then we had 
some very steep climbing \\p rocks, where hands and knees had 
to be used as well as feet; next we went through a snow-field, 
then over a sloping piece of glacier, in which Antoine cut stejis 
for me with his ax; then more climbing through the fatiguing 
shale, and we came to a hard ridge of rock on which walking 
was comparatively easy, and from whence we had a grand view 
down into the valley below. 

Here we had a rest, to prepare for the final jjuU up to the 
summit, and a terrible pull it was: for so exhausted was I that 
Antoine had quite to di-ag me up for the last quarter of an 
hour; however, the cross on the summit was plainly before us, 
and so it was easy to measure the shoit distance which we had 
now to climb, for a regular climbing and scrambling it now was, 
requiring hands, feet, knees, and alpenstock, as well as holding 
tightly on by a strap attached to a belt which the guide wore 
around his waist. 

At last, however, the .summit was attained, and hei-e, indeed, 
I was well rewarded for all my fatigue by the glorious view 
which burst upon me. 

A large wooden cross is erected on the highest peak of the 
Dent du Midi. Immediately we appeared standing beside this, 
guns fired at Champery greeted our arrival, and announced to 
our friends below that we had successfully accomplished our 
expedition. The weather was everything that could be desired; 
the sun shone brilliantly, there were scarcely any clouds, and 
those of the brightest character. Almost straight below us 
lay the green valley of Champery, with its pretty little village 
and church, beyond which lay the deep-blue lake of Geneva, 
with its vine-clad .shores and busy towns, above which rose a 
chain of mountains backed by the Bernese Alps. But the 
grandest sight was toward the south, where Mont Blanc, the 
monarch of mountains, a huge m-Lss of glittering snow and 
glaciers, formed the central point of the picture. The top of 
the Dent du Midi is very small; we had just room to sit down 
comfortably in a little hollow under the cross and eat our 
breakfast of very tough mutton, some bread, and tolerable 
wine, which the landlord of the hotel had provided for us at a 
verj' exorbitant price. We sat here nearly an hour and a 
half to rest ourselves and enjoy the magnificent view. I]ven 
with the warm sun shininar on us, it was rather chil'y, the 
summit of the Dent du Midi being 10,500 feet high. It was 
hard work enough coming down, but not so bad as the a.scent. 
We made several long .slides over snow-fields; we ran quickly 
down through the shale, which sank with us and helped us on, 
and after frequent rests, for the sun was now hot, we reached 
the chalet at half-past one; here we had some milk, and then 
pushed on to Chamrery, where we arrived about three p. m. 
in a heavy rain, the fine weather having now for.saken us. My 
next night at the hotel was not such a sleetiless one as that 
hlch I had passed in the chalet, which is much less romantic 



and desirable than many people who have never visited it are 

apt to suppose. — Selected. 



BoY.s, suppose Johnny Smith were to walk across the school- 
room floor to-day. right against the teacher's table, and 
upset it, smashing her inkstand and flower-vase, and then 
excuse himself by saying he didn't see the table — wouldn't 
that be a lame excuse, when he has two eyes in his head as 
good as yours or mine'? 

Or supjiose Tommy Jones were to walk into the blacksmith's 
shop, and lay his hand upon the anvil, when the smith was 
pounding with all his might upon a piece of iron, and get his 
hand pounded instead. You would almost feel like laughing 
at him, instead of pitying him, if he said he did not hear the 
blacksmith pounding, for Tommy is not deaf at all. 

Yet you boys will give just as lame an excuse for carelessness, 
and think it all right. How common that excuse Is — "I 
didn't think!" 

Didn't think'? And pray, why didn't you? Haven't you 
anything to think with? Ah! boys, you have just as good 
organs to think with, as Johnny Smith has to see with, or 
Tommy Jones to hear with, and are just as much to blame for 
not using them. God has given you tlie power of thinking, 
and you can think, if you only try to. There's the grand 
secret: you don't care to remember, and so don't try to, as 
you ought. 

I'll tell you a story of what once happened to a little child 
by reason of .some boys not thinking. There was a bridge over 
the river at the foot of the street, and the boys had a way of 
pulling up some short planks at the sides of the bridge, in 
order to fish down through. It would have been just as easy, 
and just as well, for aught I know, t? have gone down aside 
of the bridge to do their fishing; but I believe boys always 
like their fun as much better for having a spice of mischief 
in it, as I like cookies better for being spiced with caraway 
seed. 

Once in a while, as they were fishing, some man would come 
along and scold the boys for doing so. "Somel.ody will tumble 
down through those holes some day. 

'"Oh! we'll cover them up again when we get through," the 
boys would answer. 

Once or twice somebody or other made some feeble attempt 
at nailing down the planks, but the boys easily pulled them 
up again. "What is everj-body's business is nobody's busi- 
ness," the world over; and so, though it was everybody's 
business to put a stop to such things, nobody did it. The 
planks, being loose, would often get kicked aside, but the 
holes were hardly large enough to let anyljody through. 

It was a fine Saturday afternoon, and there being no school, 
the boys were fishing through the bridge as usual. When 
they got through, no one of them thought to put down the 
plank again: so a hole was left open. In a pretty white house 
near the bridge lived a little three-year-old boy, named Georgie 
A'ose. The hired girl was mopping the floor that afternoon; 
so Mrs. '\^ose tied Georgie in his high chair, that he might 
not get into the pail of hot water. But, by and by, he was 
tired of sitting still; so Bridget handed him down his little 
straw hat from the nail where it hung, and he ran out to draw 
his little cart. It was a new cart, whioli he had not had long 
enough to get the "new" off, and he liked to walk backward as 
he drew it, and watch the wheels go around. So out into the 
sh-eet he went, and down towards the bridge, where those 





CTTJ^En^IHiE] in^STI^-TJOTOI?.. 



45 




careless boj's — who "didn't think," j'ou know — had left up a 
plank. Walking along backward, he stepped into the hole, 
and being so small, down he went into the river. It was just 
about supper time, so no one chanced to be near; no one .saw 
him fall; and his mother never dreamed but he was pla3'ing 
about the yard. 

When Bridget had finished mjpping, auJ .set the table, she 
went out tj call Georgie, but could not find him. She went 
about to the neighbors to inquire for him. Going down to 
the bridge, there stood his little cart, clo.se bj' the open hole, 
and then the sad truth flashed upon her. Back she ran, and 
told Mrs. Vose. Oh! think what a message to carry to that 
mother who loved her little boy as only mothers know how to 
love their little children. 

Directly the whole village was aroused. It was a wild, 
.exciting time, and all the more sad because carelessness and 
"didn't think " had been the cause of the trouble. One indig- 
nant man went straight for a hammer .and some spikes, and 
fastened down the planks so tight that I'll warrant no boy 
ever pulled them up again. No doubt the boys all felt sorry 
enough for their carelessness, but that would not mend the 
matter now. 

The search for the little drowne 1 boy lasted all the evening, 
and till near midnight. I well remember seeing from a neigh- 
boring hill the flash of the lanterns and torches they carried, 
lighting up the darkness with a wild glare, for the night was 
dark and cloudy. They found his little apron^caught npon 
fome bu.she^a short distance down the stream, and at last they 
found the poor little body, all bruised and swol'en. (_)h, how 
his poor mother wept over it! 

They buried him in a grave -yard not far from where I now 
live. Had he lived he would have been a young man by this 
time, for all this happened over twenty years ago. 

Now, boys, and girls too, for girls do careless things as well 
as boys, don't say ''I didn't think" any more, but u.-^e the 
powers God has given you, and — tliinJc. 




What Are Fossils? — Fos,sils are the actual remains of 
animals and vegetables, or other certain indications of their 
existence, found on examining the rocks of which the earth's 
cru.st is made up. The time has been in the history of science 
when the presence of the shells of marine animals, or the teeth 
or bones of quadrupeds or fishes in rocks, has been actually 
denied, despised, or explained away. When, indeed, the 
number of recorded examples of such fragments was few, and 
the places where they were found distant, this mode of escap- 
ing from a great difficulty in natural history was thought fair 
and reasonable; but now that almost every limestone, and a 
large ijrojiortion of all sandstones, clays, and gravels, are found 
to multiply evidence on the subject; when the microscope is 
daily discovering fresh proof of the former existence of life in 
every direction; and when uo country is without large and 
remarkaVjle collections of strange and mifamiliar forms of 
various animals, obtained, not from the species actually living 
now in the country, but from the soil and rock beneath man's 
feet, it would be folly to waste time in iiroving the interest and 
importance of a subject so brought home to the senses, ^^'e 
now regard it as an admitted f;ict that almost every rock 
contains some fossils, and it remains only to consider what are 
the conditions in which these occur, the kind of animals or 
vegetables to which they belong, the nature of the group which 
the species found in certain localities or certain similar rocks may 
aff'ord, and the circumstances under which the organic beings in 
question have lived, died, and been preserved for future study. 



THE word great may indeed be applied, with all justice, to 
this giant of the deep, vrhich has been known to reach 
between ninety and one hundred feet in length. I was a boy 
when I saw one for the first time, and the sight is still fresh 
to my memory. Imagine a garden a hundred feet in length, 
and then realize a whale stretched out to the extent. 

There are many diff'erent species of the whale; but as in 
their general features thej' are alike, we will confine ourselves 
to the ?ommon and sperm whale. 

The whale is, to look at. of an unwieldy shajie, the head 
being one third the size of the whole body; the color is dark 
and dingy; the eyes are ver}' small in proportion to its size, not 
being much larger than those of an ox; but they are placed far 
back in the head so that the animal enjoys a wide range of 
vision; in the middle of the head there are two orifices or 
holes, through wb.ich it sjiouts out the water which jiasses 
into its mouth as it feeds. The substance called whalebone is 
found hanging from the upper jaw, and is composed of thin 
parallel layers, some of them twelve feet in length. Its use is 
to strain the water from the minute animals on which the 
whale subsists. 

The food of the whale is a small molluscous animal about an 
inch lontr, called the Clio Borealis. 




Though the whale is itself peaceable, yet he has two enemies 
— the sword fish, who darts his fearful weapon through and 
through the skin and blubber, to the very flesh, and reddens 
the sea with the blood of its victim; the other, the whale louse, 
a little animal that fastens upon the whale's very body, and sub- 
sists upon its .substance. Bu; these two are insignificant 
enemies when compared with the attacks of man, who pursues, 
and overtakes, and conquers this animal, a thoirsand times 
larger than himself. 

The method of taking the whale in extraordinary, and 
a few remarks concerning it will, T am sure, interest you. 

The vessels which are occupied in the whale fishery are called 
"whalers;'' they are vessels of several hundred tons burden, 
well appointed and fitted for this jiurpose. Their boats, usually 
six in luimber, are called whale-boats; they are of a peculiar 
form — the head and stern both sharp. Six oarsmen, besides 
the steersman and the man with the harpoon, constitute the 
crew of each boat; and, thus e(iuipiied, they go to the Arctic 
seas, and some to the Southern Ocean, for fish; for though 
naturalists do not allow whales to be fish, yet sailors think that 
everything that .swims is fish; and he enumerates his success by 
having"taken so many Fish." 

To he Continued. 



One to-dav is worth two to-morrows. 





4.G 



JTTJ'VEIsriLEl Il^STI^TJOTOI?. 




Inestion^ ami ^nswer^ 

OlSr THE BIBHiEl. 



BOOK OF JUD'GES. 




LESSON LXXXII. 

Q._Froiu what place did Samson carry the gates of the cit}'? 

A.— Gaza. 

Q. — What else did Me carry besides the doors of the gate? 

A. — The two posts, bar and all. 

Q. — What was the name of the woman whom Samson afterwards 
loved in the valley of Sorek? 

A.-Delilah. 

Q. — Who asked her to entice Somson to tell where his great 
strength lay? 

A.— The lords of the Philistines. 

Q. — What reward did they otfer her? 

A. — Eleven hundred pieces of silver. 

Q. — What answer did Samson make Delilah when she asked 
him? 

A. — That if he was bound with seven green withes he should be 
weak as another man. 

Q.- -What did Delilah say when she had bound him? 

A.— "The Philistines be upon thee, Samson.'' 

Q. — How- did Samson act? 

A.— "He broke the witlies is a thread of tow is broken when it 
toucheth the lire.'' 

Q.— What next did Samson tell Delilah'' 

A. — That if he were bi>uii<l witli new ro]ies he would be weak 
as another man. 

Q. — What was the result of Samson being thus bound? 

A. — "He brake them from olf his arms like a thread." 

Q.— Wliat next did Samson tell Delilah? 

A. — "If thou weavest the seven locks of mj' head with the 
web." 

Q. — After this was done what did Samson do? 

A. — "He went away with the pin of the beam, and with the 
web." 

Q. — What did Delilah then say to Samson? 

A. — That he had mocked her three times. 

Q. — What did Samson tell iiur after he was wearied with her 
daily solicitations? 

A. — That if he were shaven he would become weak as another 
man. 

Q.— What wuvd did Delilah then send to the lords of the Philis- 
tines? 

A. — "Come up this once, for he hath shewed me all his heart." 

Q. — When the hjrds of the Philistines came, what did they 
bring- 

A. — "Money in their hand." 

Q.— When Samson was shaved of his seven locks what ett'ect 
did it have? 

A. — "His strength went from him." 

Q. — When Samson awoke did he realize his situation? 

A. — "He wist not that the Lord was departed from him." 

Q. — What did the Philistines do to Samson? 

A.— They put out his eyes and brought him down to Gaza. 

Q. — How did they bind him? 

A— With fetters of brass. 

Q. — Wliat hajipened while Samson was in the prison house? 

A.— His hair began to grow again. 

Q-— I'pon what occasion did the lords of the Philistines gather 
themselves together? 

A.— To ort'er a great sacrifice unto Dagon their god and to 
rejoice. 

Q — What did they say'' 

* — "Our God hath delivered Sauison our enemy into oui" 
hands." 



tiestions anil %nnwtYn 

onsr THIS 
book: o f 1^ o:Ri^c>i>r . 

REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXXII. 

Q. — Where did Alma and Ammon and their brethern go when 
this war broke out between the Nephites and Lamanites? 

A. — They returned home to Zarahemla. 

Q. — What did Alma do when he arrived? 

A. — He gave commandments to his sons who were going forth 
to preach. 

Q. — What were the names of his sons? 

A. — Heleman, Shiblon and Corianton. 

Q. — After this what did his sons do? 

A.— They went forth to declare the word]of the Lord. 

Q. — When the Nepliites saw the Lamanites coming up to make 
war upon them what did they do? 

A.— They made great preparations to meet the enemy. 

Q.— Where did they post their armies'" 

A. — In the land o' Jershon 

Q. — Where did the Lamanites come first? 

A. — Into the land of Antionum. 

Q. — Who were the possessors of this land? 

A. — The Zoramites. 

Q.— Who was the leader of the Lamanites? 

A. — Zerehemnah. 

Q. — AVhat did he do in order to preserve the hatred against the 
Nephites? 

A. — He appointed all the captains from among the Amalekites 
and Zoramites. 

y. — 'Why were these better qualified for the position of chief 
captains? 

A. — Because they had a very great hatred against the Neph- 
ites. 

Q. — What was the object of the war among the Lamanites? 

A. — They hoped to bring the Nephites into bondage. 

Q. — What was the object of the Nephites? 

A.— They wan ted to protect themselves, their families and posses- 
sions from their enemies. 

Q. — What else induced the Nephites to take up arms? 

A.— They wanted to save the people of Ammon, who |would 
not tight. 

Q.— Who was the cliicf in command among the Nephites? 

A. — Moroni. 

Q. — How old was he when he tirst took command? 

A. — Twenty-five years. 

Q. — Where did the two armies first meet? 

A. — In the borders of the land of Jershon. 

Q — How were the Nephites protected? 

A. — Thej' had shields and breastplates. 

Q. — Were t leir enemies so protected? 

A. — No; they were almost naked. 

Q. — When the latter saw their disadvantage, how did they feel? 

A. — The^- were afraid of the Nephites and durst not come to 
fight with them. 

Q. — Which army had the greater number of men? 

A. — The allied army of the Zoramites, Amalekites and Lam- 
anites far out numbered the Nephites. 

Q. — What did the Lamanites do? 

A. — They retreated into the wilderness and took a journey 
around the river Sidon to attack the land of Manti. 

Q. — What did tliey think about this trip? 

A. — They thought Moroni would know nothing of their plan. 

0- — What did Moroni do as soon as they had departed'' 

A. — He sent spies after them to watch them. 

Q. — W'here did he send men besides? 

A. — To Ahna. 





crTJ^i±]:N-i:LjE] insrsTK.TjCTOK.. 



4:7 




THE a-K.EJ^T lyUTTTTlSrY. 




DriiiNCx the j'ear 1796, and the early part of 179", the 
English sailors had been petitioning Parliament for 
certain reforms in pnnnection with the naval service. The 
action of the authorities had been tardj', and the petitioners 
lost patience. The financial embarrassments of the nation 
led to great irregularities of pa.v, and still further increased 
the discontent. Very little attention, however, was paid to 
the throats of the indignant sailors; and it was thought that 
the prompt punishment of the boldest growlers would quell 
the whole discontent. However, one fine day in May, 
1797, the British nation was startled by a report that Admiral 
Buckner's fleet, off the Nore, had mutinied, and that twenty- 
five ships of war were in full possession of the mutineers. 
The movement was so sudden, and success so complete, that 
for a time the Government was completely paralyzed. There 
was no force at hand sufficient to quell the revolt, and for 
several days not even a show of resistance was attempted. 

3IoanwliiIe the mutineers grew bolder, and proceeded to 
perfect the organization. For the proper government of 
the captured fleet, a congress was formed, composed of two 
delegates from each man-of-war, and one from each gun-lioat. 
The affairs of each vessel were controled by a commitee of 
twelve, chosen by the crew. 

The congress selected a young sailor from Admiral Buckner' s 
flag-ship, the ISandwkh, for President, and then drew u]) an 
address to the government, which the deposed Admiral agreed 
to transmit to the British Admiralty. Tjiis document set forth 
that the petitioners were not disloyai, but acknowledged then, 
as ever, their allegiance to the king; that rheir attitude of 
apparent hostility was only an earnest effort on their part to 
obtain justice, which being granted, they would instantly return 
to duty, and his IMajesty would have no more loyal or faithful 
subjects. The reforms they asked were as follows: 

1. An increase of pay and an increase of rations, both of 
which they claimed to be inadeciuate. 

2. A more equal division of prize money, giving the com- 
mon sailor a reasonable share of the spoils of war. 

.>. A speedy adjustment of all arrears and more prompt 
payment in the future. 

4. Liberty to go more fre(iuently on shore when not on 
duty, and less petty tyranny on shipboard. 

This paper was laid before the British Admiralty, and a 
brief note sent in reply, stating that no intercourse whatever 
would be held with them so long as they maintained their 
present insurgent attitude, and that unconditional submission 
must precede negotiations. 

While all this was transpiring the fleet lay off Sheerness. 
and the crews were daily on shore, where they paraded with 
much show and stirring music, carrying a red flag, the usual 
hue of insubordination. On the 22d of May, however, troops 
were .sent to Sheerness, and the mutineers were confined to 
their vessels; here they -soon grew restless, and the government 
still refusing to enter into any negotiations with them, they 
resolved to enforce their demands. Accordingly the mutinous 
fleet was put in fighting trim, Richard Parker, President of 
the congress, called to the command, when they moved down 
to the mouth of the Thames, formed in line across the channel, 
and announced the blockade of London. 

Not a British vcs.sel was permitted to enter ths city or depart 
from it, but all attempting it were seized and held in the name 
of Parker, to whom his followers had given the title of "Admi- 
ral;" the foreign vessels were given a pass, siened by the insur- 
gent commander, and thus protected, proceeded on their way. 



It was not long before the vessels held by Parker were 
enumerated by hundreds, and the metropolis was in a perfect 
frenzy of alarm. It was a new sensation for the British capital 
to be in a state of siege. But the government was still with- 
out the force necessary to compel respect for its authority; it, 
however, refused to hold any intercourse with the insurgents, 
leaving them to reflect during their inaction on the terrible 
nature of the offense, and the attitude of hostility they had 
assumed against their country, the ])arliament and the king. 

At this time the force of the insurgents was truly formidalile, 
cimprising notless than twenty-four ships of war. carrying, in 
the aggregate, nearly 1,000 guns, manned by fully 1.5,000 men; 
and a short time after this they were joined by six frigates from 
the Texal, which had been sent home by Admiral Duncan for 
repairs. As soon as they became aware of the reforms their 
shipmates were struggling for, they, too, hoisted the red flag 
and sent their officers on shore, with an address demanding 
similar concessions. 

The London vessels which were detained, soon formed a vast 
fleet, representing millions upon millions of wealth. No vio- 
ence was done to the ]n-op?rty. but the determination was 
announced to hold the prizes until the government should 
accede to their demands. 

To make sure that none should escape, the war vessels were 
formed into a hollow square, within which the prizes were 
taken, and the liroad-sides of the men-of-war turned upon 
them. Over five hundred ships were thus guarded. 

Though the government had not the means at hand to 
instantly crush out the mutiny, it was not entirely idle. Every 
buoy at the mouth of the Thames, and along the coast, was 
removed, and the insurgent vessels dared scarcely move a league 
from their anchorage for fear of grouncing. This compelled 
them to inaction, and had a most depres.sing effect upon their 
spirits. Having nothing to do but to reflect, they soon became 
exceedingly nervous over the situation; they knew that the 
public opinion, the law, and the power of the nation was 
against them, and that submission and punishment must inevit- 
ably come; even the boldest commenced to weaken, and cast 
about for some avenue whereby they might return to duty. 

The officers, who, though deprived of their arms and all 
command, had been retained on board their respective .ships, 
wore not slow in discovering this feeling and gave it every 
possible encouragement. The officers of the frigate Clyde 
were particularly zealous in this, and per'ected a plot with 
part of the crew by which the vessel was seized on the 30th 
of May, the red flag of the insurgents hauled down, and the 
i n5urg.''nt fleet deserted. The vessel was fired upon and pursued 
some distance, Imt finally escaped up the river. A few days 
after the St. / loreiizo was also carried off by a combination of 
officers with a jiortion of the crew, and was brought safely up 
to the London dock. 

The 4th of June was the king's birthday, and the insurgents 
showed their loyalty by firing salutes and giving repeated cheers 
f ir his majesty. 

On the .")th of Juno another vessel withdrew, and on the Cith 
Lord Northcsk canjc on board the StinihcicJi, in response to an 
invitation from the insurgents, and Parker juesentcd him a 
paper drawn up by the mutineers' congress, sotting forth the 
grievancesot' the sailors and demanding redress. His lordship 
kindly but firmly refused to receive the paper, telling them 
that he had come hojiing to carry back to his government the 
news of their .«;ubmi.ssion, but on no account could he treat 
with men in mutiny against the laws, the country, and the king. 
{ 7 o he Continued. ) 





48 



cruvEi^irjE in^sTi^TJOTOi^ 




[Tune:— "i/oM tht Forty] 



Words by C. AVai.kbr. 
Moderato: 



Music Arrangid by Pbof. C. J. Thomas. 



iJp 



=P5=*=P= 



:t=t2:=t: 



i=1--=^^r:1- 



-^ — fi-^ — 



=ii^=ji 






Tenor 



Al,T(1 



Treble 



Ijo! a temple, long expected, in St. George .shall stand; ByGod'sfaithful saints ereetod here in Dixie Land 

^zrlr^iqzqzqzrjr— 1=— —T -^: 




CHORUS: 



gizi^Sziji 



iiiiiiiii-i3j|HgijrE 



#Halle-hiiah! 






Halle - lujah ! let hosannahs ring; Heav'nshallechobaokourpraises.Christshallbeour King. 



:t=t!=±: 



Wm. 



Ba.s 



=1= 
f Halle - lujah! Halle - lujah 



:=!= 



:]^=«: 



^i:-*r:«t*J 






:^=*: 



"^sSeSsF 




let hosannahs 



111 



c=»:=i 






ring; Heav'n,shall echo back our praises, Christ shallbe our King' 



-1=2L 






Th' nobli' task we hail with pleasure, coming from our head, 
Brings salvation, life eternal, for our kindred dead. 

Holy and eterniil Father, give us strength, we praj'. 
To Thj- name to build this Temple in the latter day. 

Oh ! how anxious friends are waiting, watching every move 
Made hy us for their redemption, with a huh* love. 



Long thej''ve hoped through wearj- ages for the present time. 
For the everlasting gospel, with its truths sublime. 

Lo ! the prison doors are open, millions hail the day, 
Praying, hoping for baptism, in th' appointed way. 

Glory! glory! hallelujah, lei the structure rise, 
Kear aloft those noble towers, pointing to the skies. 



Hell may rage and Satan tremble, still that house we'll rear, 
Heaven will aid us, angels guard us, we've no need to fear. 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



OOIsrXJITIDI^ U-IMIS. 



O'S THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON IV. 



Q. — Who said the ditt'erent sects were ttuight of the evil one? 

A.— The Lord tuld Joseph Smith so. 

Q.— "When did he tell him/ 

A. — He told him when Joseph was about fourteen j'ears old. 

Q. — Did Joseph ever join the Methodists or Bajitists? 

A.— Xo. 

Q. — What took ])lace when Josejih was a little over fourteen 
years old'.' 

A — There was a levival of religion. 

t^— What is that? 

A. — Uift'crent ministers go a little way out of town and hold 
camp meetings. 

Q.— What do tliey do there? 

A. — They preach to the people and prav for thein. 

Q. — Did Joseph .Smith go to any of those nieetings? 

A.— Yes. 

Q. — "What ettect did it have upon him? 

A.— It made him think a good deal about religion. 

Q.— Did he join any of those religious people? 

A. — Xo, because he did not know which was right. 

y. — How did ho try to lind out? 

A. — He prayed to the Lord. 

Q. -'Where did he go to pray? 

A. — In the wood.s by himself. 

Q.— What did he ask the Lord for? 

A. — For wisdom. 



Perfect love castcth out fear — not reverence, Some 
believer* address (Jod as if He were little more than their equal. 




'The .-miallcr the mind the greater the conceit." 



OJhat is it has a uiouth, but eats not? A river. 
V T What is it has a nose, but smells not? A bottle. 

What is it has ears, but hears not? Corn. 

What is it has a tongue, but talks not? A wagon. 

What is it has teeth, but chews not? A rake. 

What is it has ej-es, but sees not? A potato. 

What things increase the more you contract them? Debts. 

AA'hat is it that is round at both ends and high in the 
middle? 0-hi-o. 

What money is current all over the world? Matri-mony. 

Why is a painter stronger than a thousand men? Because 
he can draw a mountain. 

Why is a school-mistress like the letter C? Because she 
forms lasses into classes. 

What word contains all the vowels, and in their proper 
order? Facetious. 
Why is the letter D like a sailor? Because it follows the C (sea). 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

C£Of<C£ O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per AHnum - - $2 00. 

.^B^OflBce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communication.? to this OiEce should be directed, 
"Editor J uvenile Instructor. ' ' 




