SQMliBBa T9 VMBLQEO, 




VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, AUGUST 7, 1875. 



NO. 16. 



G-I^JLOE ID .i^ I?. L I IsT C3- J^ 1ST ID HI E I?. ^.AuTHIEK.. 




GRACE Darling was a fair-haired simple lass, who lived with 
her father and mother on a lonely rock called the "Long- 
stone," one of a group of bare and desolate islands off the 
coast of Northumberland, where her frther had been light- 
house keeper for many years. He was an active, intelligent 
old man, knowing many a tale of storm and peril; and would 
sit for hours trimming his lamps and chatting to his daughter 
about the 
stormy nigh's l^^^^^a 
when the si a 
had da!>h( d 
some good 
ships all 10 
pieces, and 
scattered the 
rocks with 
spars and 
ropes; telling 
the tp.le o! 
terrible mid- 
. night wrecks, 
when perhajts 
even the dead 
bodies of wo- 
men and chil- 
dren had been 
washed there, 
stark and still, 
until, at these 
pitiful tales, 
the girl's blue 
eyes would fill 
with tears, 
and the old 
man would 
rub and ])olisli 
the lantern 
more than 

6ver, determined that no care of his should be wanting to pre- 
vent such a disaster. 

It had been a fine summer; but September had begun with 
rough and stormy weather, when one night, as the wind was 
howling and the storm raging, the good ship Forfarshire 
was passing through the "Fairway," between the Fame 
Islands and the coa-st. She cut her way bravely at first, but 




presently she sprang a leak, and, try as he would, the ship's 
carpenter could not stop it. All hands were at the pumps, 
working for dear life, but still the water rose, the vessel rolled 
and pitched about, the engine fires were washed out, sleet and 
mist and log closed around them, and the crippled vessel 
drifted about helplessly, rolling and tossing at the mercy of 
the waves, with the rocky coast on one side, and far away 

through the 
haze and dark- 
ness, the dis- 
tant glimmer 
of light from 
the Longstone 
lighthouse. 
Before morn- 
ing the For- 
farsMrt had 
struck. One 
half dashed at 
once to pieces, 
the other left 
impaled upon 
the cruel rock, 
the cactain 
and many of 
the passen- 
gers disap- 
peared forever 
in the waves, 
while around 
the windlass 
clung about a 
dozen poor 
fellows, hold- 
ing on in their 
wild despair, 
calling for 
help where it 

seemed no help could possibly come; where every wave threat- 
ened to wash them away as it broke over them, seeming to 
triumph in their horror. In the fore-cabin lay a poor mother, 
with her two little children clutched tightly in her arms. 
Even in death they would not be .separated. She called upon 
God to spare them, if such should be His will; if not, to take 
them soon from this scene of horror. 





las 



cr TJ ^r E im L E] i:n"sti^tjgtoi^. 



1 1 




The light-house keeper and his family had slept little 
through that rough and stormy night, and with the grey dawn 
they stood upon the rock. Even now the sea was raging 
fiercely, and a heavj' mist almost hid all the islands from 
sight. Grace, looking through a telescope, saw a dark mass 
looming through the mist, and with some difBeulty made out 
that it was a wreck. She even saw a few figures clinging to 
its bows. 
In one moment she was at her father's side. 
''Oh, father, see, there is a wi-eck about a mile from here, 
and some poor creatures are clinging to it. What shall we do 
to save them?" 

"Grod help them !" answered the old man, sadly, "for no 
human help can reach them there, the sea will soon .swallow 
them, wreck and all. We can do nothing; it is too rough." 
"Oh, father! lather! we cannot see the poor creatures lost 
before our eyes!" cried Grace, "let us try and save them. 
God will help them through us, perhaps. Pray come, we 
cannot stay here and see them perLsli without making an 
effort to save them." And though the stout old .seaman 
shook his head, declaring that it was throwing away their 
lives, the brave drl persuaded him to launch the loat and 
put to .sea with her. No slight peril, little f:ilk'~, I cnn assuro 
you, for these rocks are rucg-^d and the coi t 'l::ng;r:us, at 
the best of times. 

And a fearful journey it was, as Grace and her father made 
their way, often in danger of foundering on the rocks, or of 
being dashed to pieces, boat and all. But still they toiled on, 
and never thought of turning back. Our delicate Grace knew 
little about rowing, for she had only been a little way out 
sometimes, when the sea was very calm, but now she worked 
like any man, straining everj^ nerve to rescue those poor 
suifering people from their awful po.sltion. With streaming 
hair and tearful eyes she worked, cheering on her fother, and 
]iraying aloud for strength. I wonder how those poor people 
on the wreck felt when they first beheld the little boat, and 
beard the kindly voices calling to them across the waters! 
How anxiously they must have watched its approach, and how 
surprised they must have felt, when at last it came near 
enough through the angry beating waves for them to distinguish 
that their preservers were only a grizzled old man and a fair 
slight girl. 

At length the wliole nine of the survivors were rescued. 
Half dead and cold with despair, they were dragged ofi' from 
the broken spars, and soon ''ound themselves in the little boat 
■ — saved ! some weeping, some pinching themselves, believing 
that they must be dreaming; some, we hope, thanking God in 
bumble gratitude, but all ble.ssing the calm and earnest ]iair 
who had ventured so much to save them. 
And the mother and her two children ? 
The mother was still alive; but the two little ones were dead 
on her bosom. 

It was ebb tide, and had not some of the wrecked iiarty 
been able to row, I do not know how they would ever have got 
back to Longstone. As it was they did return in safety, but 
it was some days before they could again leave it, for the 
sea dashed about the i.slaud as though angry at having lost its 
prey. 

Don't you think, children, that Grace Darling was a true 
heroine? I do. 



YANT-n- makes men ridiculous, pride odious, and ambition 
'\ terrible. 



menca. 



BY a. M. o. 



ANCIENT RUINS. 



( Continued. ) 



IX Yucatan, a ponin.sula which lies north of the great forest, 
the remains of ancient cities are abundant. M. Charnay 
found "the country covered with them from north to south." 
3Ii'. Stephens states in his work on Yucatan that he visited 
"fort}"-four ruined cities and I'laces," most of which were 
unknown to white men, even those inhabiting the country. 
Previous to the Spanish conquest Yucatan was called Maya. 
The natives still use this as the true name of the country. 

When Cordova landed on the coast in 1517 Yucatan was 
much more populous than at present. The people had more 
civilization, more industiy and more wealth; they had cities 
and large towns, and dwelling houses built of timber. They 
were much more highly skilled in the arts of civilized life. 
The Maya kingdom was broken up by a rebellion about one 
hundred years previous to the arrival of the Spaniards. 
According to the IMaya chronicles the downfall occuiTcd in the 
.vear 1420, when the capital city, Mayapan, was destroyed, and 
never afterwards inhabited. Merida, the present capital, was 
built on the site of an ancient Maya city called Titoo. Old 
Spanish records state that it was built on that site because 
tliere was in the ruins an abundance of building material. Mr. 
Stephens noticed in some of the buildings "sculptured figures 
from the ruins of ancient buildings." Tlie remams of the 
ancient city of Ma3-apau are spread over an extensive plain, 
overgromi bj' trees and other vegetation. The most promi- 
nent object seen is a great mound sixty feet high and one 
hundred feet scpiare at the base. Four stairways twenty-five 
feet wide, in a ruined condition, lead up to an esplanade withiti 
six feet of the top, which is reached by a smaller stairway. The 
summit is a plain stone platform fifteen feet square. Sculp- 
tured stones are scattered over the mound and at its base, and 
subterranean chambers have been discovered in the mound. 
Another remarkable edifice, a circular stone building, twenty- 
five feet in diameter, stands on a foundation of a pyramidal 
form, thirfy-Sve feet high. On a terrace projecting f;om this 
mound was a double row of columns eight feet apart. 

Mr. Baldwin says: "Bras.seur de Bourbourg classes some of 
the foundations at Mayapan with t'-e oldest seen at Palenque 
and Copan. This point, however, cannot be determined with 
sufficient accuracy to remove ail doubt. Mayapan may have 
stood upon the foundations of a verj' ancient city, which was 
several times rebuilt, but the city de.stroj-ed in 1420 could not 
have been as old as either Palenque or Copan." 

About seventeen leagues south of the city of Jlerida are the 
ruins of Uxmal. They have been regarded as the most impor- 
tant in Yucatan, chiefiy because they have been more visited 
and more explored than the others. Circumstantial evidence 
appears to warrant the supposition that this city had not been 
wholly deserted at the time of the conquest, although it had 
Ijreviou.sly begun to go 'to ruin. However, it was wholly 
deserted and in ruins in 1673. The area covered by its 
remains is a league or more in diameter. The most important 
of the ruined buildings was named by the Spaniards "Ca.sa 
del Goberuaior" (House of the Governor.) It is, lilie all th' 





0" TJ "V^ E isr I L E IISrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



183 





other important buildings, situated on an artificial elevation, 
■which rises in three terraces from the level plain. The first 
terrace is 575 feet long, 3 feet high and 15 feet broad; the 
second is 20 feet high, 250 feet wide and 545 feet long; the 
third, on which stands the stately edifice, is 19 feet high, 30 
feet broad and 360 feet long. The sides of all are supported 
by substantial stone walls, rounded at the angles. In the 
centre of the platform of the second terrace commences a 
stairway 130 feet wide, and leading up to the third terrace in 
front of the building, the facade of which is 322 feet long. 
The walls of the palace are constructed entirely of stone. 
From the base to the cornice, which runs around the building 
immediately above the doorways and about half the hight of 
the building, is presented a smooth surface; but above the 
cornice, the four sides of the building present one solid mass 
of rich, complicated and elaborately sculptured series of orna- 
ments. Eleven doorways are in the front of the building, and 
one at each end, while the back is one solid mass of masonry, 
nine feet thick, without doorways or openings of any kind. 
Above the doorways the ornamentation is very rich and elabo- 
rate, representing small human figures with head dresses of 
plumes, that above the centre door being larger than the 
others. The roof of this building is flat, and was originally 
covered with cement. The two principal rooms are sixtj- feet 
long and thirteen feet wide. The lintels of the doorwaj's have 
all been of wcol; some were still in their places, and in very 
good condition, when examined by Mr. Stephens. This is no 
proof against the antiquity of the building, as tlie.«e beams 
are of a very hard wood, which does not grow in the neigh- 
boring forests, but must have been transported from forests 
three hundred miles distant. On one of these lintels were 
carved hieroglyphics, similar to those of Copan and Pa'en (ue. 
No stucco figures or carved monoliths, like those found at those 
two cities, have been found at Uxmal. On the second terrace 
stands the dilapidated walls of an edifice 94 feet long and 34 
feet wide; it is finished in a still more simple style than the 
great building on the upper terrace. The figures of turtles 
sculptured along the upper edge of the cornice have given it 
the name of "Casa de la Tortugas" (House of the Turtles. ) 
The rectangular court enclosed by the walls of this building 
was paved with stones, each six inches square and exquisitely 
cut in demi-relief with the accurate figure of a tortoise, and 
arranged in groups of four, with the heads of the tortoises 
together. The number required to cover the court is said to 
have been- 40,660. On the same terrace are other remains, 
but in so ruinous a condition as to be indescribable. Such is, 
for instance, an oblong structure 200 feet long, by 15 feet wide, 
and about three feet high, along the foot of which runs a 
range of pedestals and broken columns. Near the "House of 
the Governor" are two buildings, each 128 feet long and 30 
feet deep; they stand opposite each other, 70 feet apart; they 
are precisely similar in plan and ornaments, of which the coils 
of serpents have formed the principal part. These edifices 
have no doorways or openings of any kind, and when broken 
into, proved to be nothing but solid walls. In the centre of 
each wall, and exactly opposite to each other, are the remains 
of two large stone rings. 

Another important edifice is situated 240 feet south of these 
structures; it has been named the "Casa de las Monjas" (Hou.se 
of the Nuns. ) It stands on' a terraced foundation, and is 
arranged around a quadrangular courtyard 258 feet one way, 
and 214 feet the other. The front building is 279 feet long, 
and has a gateway ten feet eight inches wide, with four doors 
each side of it, leading into the court. These buildings 



are more richly ornamented than the "House of the Governor," 
"surpassing any other now seen in the ruins." On the side 
facing the entrance of the main building high turret-like 
towers crowned the doorways, all covered with sculptured orna- 
ments. 

The next building stands on an artificial mound, oblong in 
form, but not cut into terraces, rising very steep from the 
plain, and accessible by a range of uncommonly steep steps. 
This building is of stone, exceedingly plain from the base to 
the cornice over the doorwaj's, and from this to the roof elab- 
orately sculptured. From the front of this building runs an 
incline 22 feet long, paved with cement, and leading to the 
roof of a building occupying a lower position, and the walls of 
which are likewise richly sculptured. This group of buildings 
goes under the name of the "House of the Dwarf" Another 
group of buildings, built of stone and covered with stucco 
ornaments, has been called the "Casa de las Palamos" (House 
of the Pigeons), from the peculiar appearance of the gables, 
which are perforated with small oblong holes, having some 
resemblance to pigeon houses. Other less important buildings 
have been described by explorers, some of which .stand on 
high, pyramidal mounds. And inscriptions are found here, 
but they are not so numerous as at Paleiicpie and Copan. 

It must be remembered that the diflerent names given to 
these buildings are entirely unconnected with their past history, 
or with the edifices themselves, and have only been applied by 
writers in consequence of some fancied re.semblance. 

Our space will not permit us to de.scribe the many other 
buildings crowning terraces .id pyramids and hidden in the 
dense mass of foliage that co . i- the site of Uxmal. 
[To he I 'riiifimied.) 



j^ XjIIF-e skietch:. 



DR. Silas Walsh one day sat in his ofiice reading a very inter 
esting book. It was a part of his business, this reading, 
for the book was of a science within the scope of his profession. 
He was comparatively a young man, and had the reputation of 
being an excellent physician. While he read, some one rang 
his ofiice bell. He laid aside the book and went to the door, 
and when he saw what was on the stepping stone he was 
indignant. 

He was a ragged, dirty boy, known in Ernsworth as "Ham- 
mer Jim" — ragged and dirty, and with all the vileness of the 
slum about him — a boy vicious and profane, against whom 
every other boy in town was warned — a boy who was called a 
thief and a villain, whom no effort of the overseers had been 
able to reclaim, and who seemed to care for nothing but to 
make people afraid of him. His true name, as the over-seers 
had it, was James Ammerton. About his father nobody in 
Ernsworth had ever known. His mother had died an inmate 
of the i50or-house. 

Ou the present occasion, Jim's face was not only dirty, but 
it was bloody; and there was blood upon his grimed and tattered 
garments. 

"Piease, sir, won't you fix my head? I've got a hurt." 

"What kind of a hurt?" asked the doctor. 

"I'm afeard its bad, sir," said the boy, sobbingly. "One 
of Mr. Dunn's men hit me with a rock — Oh!" 

"What did he hit you for?" 

"I dono, sir." 

"Yes, you do know. What did he throw the stoiie at you 
for?" 





184 



JTJ'VED^IXjE I3^STI^'~C'3:0T?. 





"Why, sir, Iwasapick'n up an apple under one of his trees." 

Dr. Walsh would not touch the boy's head with his fingers. 
There was no need of it. He could see that there was only a 
scalp-wound, and th!>.t the blood had ceased to flow. 

"Go home," he said, "and let your folks wash your head, 
and put on a clean bandage." 

"Please, sir, I hain't got no home, and I hain't got no 
folks." 

"You stop somewhere, don't you?" 

"I stop at the poor-'us when they don't kick nie out." 

"Well, my boy you are not going to die from tliis. Go and 
get somebody to wash your head; or, go and wash it yourself — 
and then tie your handkerchief on." 

"Please, sir, I hain't got no — " 

"Hold up, my boy. I haven't sot time to waste. You 
won't suffer if you go as you are.". 

And with this Dr. Silas Wal.sh closed the door, and returned 
to his book. He had not meant to be unkind; but, really he 
had not thought there was any need of professional service on 
his part; and, certainly he did not want that bad boy in his 
office. 

But Dr. Walsh had not been alone cognizant of the hoy's 
visit. There had been a witness at an upper window. The 
doctor's wife had seen and heard. She was a woman. She 
was not strong, and resolute, and dignified, like her husliand. 
Her heart was not only tender, but it was used to aching. She 
had no children living; but there were two little mounds in the 
churchyard that told her of angels in heaven that could call 
her mother! Acting upon her impulse, as .she was very apt to 
act, she slipped down, and called the boy, by the back way 
into the wash-room. He came in, rags, dirt, and all, wondering 
what was wanted. The swct voice that had called him had 
not frightened hira. He came in, and stood looking at Mary 
Walsh, and as he looked his sobbing ceased. 

"Sit down, my boy." 

He sat down. 

"If I will help you, will you try to lie good?" 

"I can't be good." 

"Why not?" 

"Cause I can't. Taint in me. Everybody says so.'' 

"But you can try." 

"I dono. " 

"If I should help you, would you be willing to try, to plea-e 
me?" 

"Yes, 'm, I should, certain." 

Mrs. Walsh brought a basin of water, and a soft sponge, 
and with tender hand she washed the boy's head and face. 
Then, with a pair of scissors, she clipped away the hair from 
the wound— curling, handsome hair— and found it not a bad 
one. She brought a piece of sticking plaster, which she fixed 
upon it, and then brushed the hair back from the broad brow 
and looked into the boy's face— not a bad face— not an evil 
face. Shutting out the rags and the dirt, it was really a hand- 
some face. 

"What's your name, my boy?" 

"Hammer Jim, ma'am; and sometimes ragged Jim." 

"I mean, how were vou christened?'' 

"Wich, 'm?" 

"Don't you know what name your parents gave you?" 

"0— ye-es. It's down on the '.seers' books, mum, as James 
Ammerton. " 

"Well, James, the hurt on your head is not a bad one, and 
if you are careful not to rub off the plaster it will soon heal up. 
Are you hungry?" 



"Please, ma'am. I haven't eat nothing to-day." 

Mrs. Walsh brought out some bread and butter, and a cup 
of milk, and allowed the boy to sit there in the washroom and 
eat, an! while he ate she watche 1 him narrowly, .scanning 
every feature. Surely, if the science of ijhysiognomy, which 
her husband studied .so much, and with such faith, was reliable 
this boy ought to have grand capacities. Once more, shutting 
out the rags and the filth, and only ob^erving the hair, now 
glossy and waving, frinn her dextrous manipulations, over 
a shapely head, and marking the face, with its eyes of lustrous 
gray, and a perfect nose, and the mouth like a cupid's bow, 
and the chin strong, without being unseemly — -eeing this 
without the dregs, and the boy was hand.some. Mrs. Walsh, 
thinking of the 1 ttle mounds in the churchyard, prayed to 
God that .-he might yet be a happy mother; and if a boy was 
to bless her maternity, .-.he could not a>k that he should 
bo hand'^omer than she believed she could make this bc\'. 

Jim fini.-hed eating, and stood up. 

"James." saidthelittle woman — for .-he was a little woman, 
and a perfect picture of a loving and lovable little woman — 
"James, when j-ou are hungry 'and have nothing to eat, if you 
will come to this doo'.', I will feed you. I don't want you to 
go hungry." 

"I should like to come, ma'am." 

"And if I should feed you when you are hungry, will you 
try. to be good for my sal;e?" 

The boy bun: his hMj au'l considered. Some might have 
wonder dtbat he did not answer tit once, as a grate.ftil boy 
ought; but Mr-i. W.i'-h saw deeper thin that. The bov was 
considering how he might an.swer sak-ly and truthfully. 

"If they'd let me be good, lua'aui; but they won't," he said, 
at length. 

"Will you try all you can?" 

"Yes, 'ra — I'll try all I can." 

Mrs. Walsh gave the lad a .small parcel of food in a paper, 
and patted his curly head. The b>>y had not yet shed a tear 
since the pain of the wjund hui be -n a-ssunged. Some might 
have thought that he was not grateful; but the little woman 
could see gratitu le in the deeper look of the eye. The old 
crust was not broken enough yet for tears. 

Afterwards Mrs. Walsh told hi.i- husbaud what she had done, 
and he laughed at her. 

"Do you think, 31 iry, tliit your kin "I'l.'is can help that 
ragged waif?" 

"I do not think it will hurt him, Silas." 

It was not the first tim- that JIi-s. Wa'-b had delivered 
answers to the erudite doctor which ef'ctually stopped 
discussion. 

After that Jim came often to the washroom door, and was 
fed; and he came cleaner an 1 more orderly with each succeeding 
visit. At length Mrs. Walsh was informed that a friend was 
going away into a fav distant Western country, to take up land, 
and make a frontier farm. The thought occurred to her thrt 
this might be a good opportunity for James Ammerton. She 
saw her friend, and brought Jim to his notice, and the result 
was, that the boy went away with the emigrant adventurers. 
She heard from her friend a year later that he liked the boy 
very much. Two years later the emigrant wrote that Jim was 
a treasure. " And Mrs. Walsh showed the letter to her husband; 
and he smiled and kissed his little wife, and said he was glad. 

And he had another source of gladness. Upon her bosom 
his little wife bore a robust, healthv bo.v — their ovni son — who 
gave promise of life and happiness in the time to come. 
( To be Contimied. ) 





J'TJ'VEn^IXjE] insrSTI^XJCTOI^/. 



185 ^ 



TJ2sriD:BI^ THIE S2srO"W". 



From ''All the Year Round.' 



{ Continued. ) 




DECEMBER 25, CuRiSTMAs-nAV.— We devoted the daj' to 
meditation and prayer. We must be suffering under mis- 
fortunes to appreciate properly what the Savior has done for 
men. Before His advent, how bitter adversity must have 
been ! How easily it must have led to complainings and 
despair! The reflection is not mine, but my grandfather's. 

If I am spared to descend from the mountain, 1 .shall be able 
to sny to my friends, "If you had known, as I have, how need- 
ful society is to every individual, you would feel towards one 
another uo other sentiments than those of love and charity. 
Let us bani-sh into temporary solitude all those who will not 
understand these things, and who stir up amongst us troubles 
and war. They will soon understand their folly; they will leam 
from experience that it is not good for man to be alone ; they 
will love, as they love them.selves, that neighbor without 
whom life would no longer bo a blessing, but a chastLsement of 
Providence." 

December 2S. — Yesterday ray grandfather had no appetite; 
but he did not complain of pain. In the evening, after supper, 
as he was sitting by the corner of the fire, he suddenly turned 
pale, tottered, and sank down. Without my assistance, he 
would have fallen into the fire. 

I took him in ray arras, and with an effort of which I did not 
believe myself capable, I transported liini to his bed, where I 
first seated him and then laid him at full length. His head 
and his hands were cold; the blood had rushed towards the 
heart. I took care not to raise the patient's head, but left 
it low, and the blood soon flowed back to it. Consciousness 
returned at the same time. 

"Wiierc am I? On the bed?" asked my grandfather. 

"Certainly; j'ou turned faint, and I thought it best to lay you 
there. ' ' 

!!t,"He brought mo here! Heaven be praised for it ! As I 
become weaker, he grows stronger," he said. I knelt by the 
bed.side for awhile. At last he consented to drink a little 
wine, and f It the hotter for it. 

Janij.\.ry 1. — We have been keeping Now Year's-day as well 
as we could; my grandTather exerted hiraself to cheer up my 
spiiits. Ho tr!;.'d to amuse me with conundrums and riddles. 
We feasted at supper on potatoes cooked in the ashes, toasted 
cheese and toasled bread sopped in wine. The goat was not 
forgotten; I picked out the sweetest hav for her provender: 
.she had a clean bed, a double ration of salt, and a triple allow- 
ance of cares.ses. 

My grandfather svlshe; to all a few words in his own 
handwriting : 

"In the name of God, Amen ! 

"It is possible that I may betaken from my friends, before 
1 can aquaint them with my last wishes. I have no general 
directiims to give respecting the disposal of my property; that 
duty has been performed long ago; but I wi.sh to acknowledge 
the care and devotion of my dear grandson, Louis Lopraz, 
here present. And as it is impossible for me to make him the 
slightest new year's offering to-day, I beg my heirs to supply 
the omi.ssion by giving him, on my part, my repeater watch; 
my carabine; my bible, which belonged to my father; and 
lastly, my steel seal, on which are engraved my initials, which 
are the same as those of my godson and grandson. 



"I am convinced that he will value these slight tokens, for 
the sake of the affectionate friend.ship which unites us, and 
which death itself will not cause to cease. 

"Such is my will. 

"Signed at the Chalet of Anzindes, the 1st of January. 

"Louis Lopraz." 

January .5. — My grandfather spoke to me this morning 
about the state of his health without di,sguisiug anything. 
Every word he said is still ringing in my ears. 

"My dear boy," he said, after making me sit down by his 
side, "I can no longer conceal from myself that the close of 
ray life is not far distant. Whether we .shall be able to keep 
united my soul and the portion of dust which is called my body 
until I can witness .your deliverance, is more than I can tell; 
but I .scarcely dare to hope it. My weakness increases with a 
rapidity which astonishes me; and it is to be presumed that I 
shall leave you to finish our sad winter quarters alone. 

"You will be, I doubt not, more grieved at our separation 
than alarmed at your loneliness; you will feel more sorrow than 
fear. But I have suflicient confidence in j'our pious feelings 
and your strength of mind to be persuaded that you will not 
fall into a culpable degree of depression; you will think of your 
father, whom you will assuredly see again, and that will keep 
up }-our courage. A little reflection will convince }'ou that, 
after my death, ycu will be exposed to no greater danger in 
the chaletthanyou were before. On the contrary, I have rather 
been a burden to you; you will no longer have famine staring 
you in the face. I strongly advise you to wait patiently. Do 
not expose yourself too soon. A few days more or less are not 
worth reckoning in so long a captivity; and you may risk all 
bj' forestalling the favorable moment. 

"My dear Louis, I am only uneasy on one account, if I must 
tell you .so: I fear the effect of my death upon your imagina- 
tion. When you behold this body deprived of life, it will 
strike you with a feeling of terror, perhaps of horror and 
disgust, which is very unreasonable, but which manj' people 
cannot overcome. 

"And wh.y should vou be afraid of the remains of your aged 
friend? Are you afraid of me when I am asleej:!? The other 
day, when I fainted, you did not believe me capable of harm- 
ing you; you saw nothing but the necessity of a.ssisting me, 
and you did your duly like a courageous man. Well, then, if 
you should see me f^dl into that final swoon which is called 
death, behave with equal presence of mind. My body will 
require from you only one last service : dare to render it, when 
nature has warned j-ou tliat the moraent is come. Yoiu" 
strength will be quite .sufficient; you gave proof of it the other 
evening, when you carried me and laid me upon this bed. 

"You see that door; it leads to the dairy, where we never 
go now, because it is useless to us. You will there dig a 
grave as deep as j'ou can make it, to receive my body, until 
you return to fetch it in the spring and give it a regular 
funeral in the village cemetery. 

"After those sad moments, you will find this dwelling very 
lonely; you will shed many tears; you will perhaps call me, and 
I shall not answer. Do not waste your strength in useless 
rez:e's. Address your tboushts .solely to Him who never fails 
to answer when we invoke Hira with confidence." 
( To lie Continued ) 



Sr.ANDEU is a voice that striken a double blow, wounding 
both him that commits and him against whom it is com- 
mitted. 



y^ 186 



J-TJ^SISriLE I3SrSTI?.TJGTOI^' 





GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


EBITOR. 


SATURDAY, AUGUST 7, 


1875. 





BXDITOI^IJ^Xj tszotjo-xits. 

P:FERRING to the last number of the 
Jltenile Instructoe our readers will 
remember that we mentioned the Spartans 
and some of the customs which prevailed 
among them. The Spartans were a very 
peculiar people, and a few more references 
to them may not be without profit. One 
of their law givers was Lycurgus, who was 
a very remarkable man among even that 
remarkable people. He made great reforms 
among them and in many of his acts displayed 
great wisdom. How he managed to obtain 
.sufficient influence over the people to get them 
to accept his reforms, i.s not very clear from 
history. It is not an easy matter to persuade rich 
pie to divide their substance with the poor and 
become their equals; but if history can be relied upon, 
Lycurgus did this. The greater portion of the 
people of Sparta were so poor that they had not one inch of 
land of their own, whilst a small number of individuals were 
possessed of all the lands and wealth of the country. Lycurgus 
saw that peace and good order and prosperity could not prevail 
among a people who were in that condition. Extreme poverty 
and excessive wealth are great evils in all lands and among all 
people where they exist. The poor are ajit to bo ignorant, 
servile and envious; they cannot come up to the dignity of true 
manhood. The rich are apt to be insolent, tyrannical and 
luxurious; their riches frequently debase them. Lycurgus 
appealed to the rich and persuaded them to give up all their 
lands to the commonwealth, and to make a new division of 
them. His object was to have all the people live together in 
a perfect equality, and that no pre-eminence or honors should 
be given to one more than another, unless it were merited l)y 
virtue or honor. It Avas a most extraordinary thing to propose 
and to have executed, yet so it was. The lands wore divided. 
But this was not all. He determined to give avarice a blow. 
He saw that the love of money was a great evil, and he took 
steps to take from money its value and to make it unde.siraljle. 
He cried down all gold and silver money, and ordained that 
iron money should take their place. He made this so very 
heavy and fixed it at so low a rate, that it re(iuirod a yoke of 
oxen and a cart to carry home an amount equal to about one 
hundreil dollars of our money. By this means he hoped to 
succeed in destroying the love of riches. 

Another measure he thought necessar,- was to suppiess the 
extravagance of expensive meals for private individuals and 
families. He, therefore, ordained that all the citizens should 
eat together of the same common victuals, which were pre- 
scribed by law. He expressly forbade all private eating at the 
people's own houses. He arranged for the jiublic meals to be 
frugal and simple. The poor and rich ate together at the same 
place, and non" were allowed to appear at the public eating 
rooms who had filled themselves with other diet; because every- 
body present took particular notice of anyone who did not eat 
and drink, and the whole company would reproach him for 



despising the common food and public table. The best cf all 
their dishes was what they called ;heir "black broth;" and the 
old men preferred it to everything that was set upon the table. 
A certain king by the name of Kionysius, who was at one of 
their meals, was not of the same opinion. He declared that 
the "black broth" was very in.sipid. The cook told him that 
he did not wonder at it, "for," said he, "the seasoning is 
wanting." "What seasoning?" asked the king. "Running, 
sweating, fatigue, hunger and thirst; these are the ingredi- 
ents," said the cook, "with which we season all our food." 

The taljles consisted of ahout fifteen persons each, and none 
could be admitted without the consent of the whole company. 
Each i)erson furnished his share of the food and a small sum 
of money for preparing and cooking the victuals. None of 
them, not even the kings, were allowed to neglect the common 
meal. One of their kings, a long time after the death of 
Lycurgus, at his return from a glorious expedition, took the 
liberty of eating with the queen, his wife; but he was repri- 
manded and puni.shed therefor. 

The children were present at these public tables, in order 
that they might observe the temperance and listen to the wis- 
dom which were exhibited there. It is said they neither 
heard nor saw anything that did not tend to their instruction 
and improvement. No vulgarity was ever indulged in, and if 
their jesting seemed to make a'ly person uneasy, they never 
proceeded any farther. 

Under such a system as this wealth was not particularly 
desirable; tho.'-e who posses,=ed it were not enriched thereby, 
and there was but little temptation to steal, to detraud one 
another, or to have law.suits or dissensions. You may be sure 
that the rich were not pleased to have to submit to such regu- 
lations a- these. They naturally liked to display their riches; 
they woidd like to eat better food, wear finer clothes and have 
more luxurious surroundings than 'he poor. They wanted 
distinctions to remain, and so enraged were thej' at the attempt 
of livcurgus to destroy inequality that they made considerable 
trouble. On one occa,sion there was a tumult of the people, 
and Lycui'gus had one of his e^'es knocked out. But he pre- 
vails, and his laws were observed in Sparta about five hun- 
dred years. The result of the observance of these laws was 
that the Spartans became a nation of philosophers. Everj'- 
thing among them tended to inspire the love of virtue and the 
hatred of vice. The love of their country and of the public 
good was their chief delight; they did not imagine they 
Ijclongeil to themselves, but to their country. This was an 
admirable feeling, and led to great results. One anecdote 
exhibits this feeling. A certain citizen of Sparta, having 
missed the honor of being chosen one of the three hundred 
who had a certain rank of distinction in the city, went home 
extremely jileased and satisfied, saying, "He was overjoyed 
there were tliree hundred men in Sparta more worthy than 
himself" 

If a nation whom we call heathens could be so self-denying 
and devoted to their country, how much more should the 
children of Zion be full of love for Zion and its institutions, 
knowing as they do that God has founded Zion ! 



H.VRD, horny hands, embrowned by the sun and roughened 
liy labor, are more honorable than white ones that never reached 
out to help a fellow creature, or added a dollar to the world's 
wealth. 



Il.L manners are evidence of low breeding. 




cttj^eiitiijEI j:n"str;TJCToe^. 



187 




SJEJLJ^l^ I^I?.03DU0TI0ISrS. 



.i^ E. T H XJ K. . 



FEW people have auy idea of the extent to which the manu- 
facture of bogai articles of ever.v-day use is carried on in 
this and other countries, and the perfestion reached by those 
who are engaged in this business in imitating the genuine. 

There is in Paris a vast establishment — the most extensive of 
its kind in the world — where the imitation of pearls, diamonds, 
and precious stones generally, is carried on with all the skill 
which modern 
ingenuity ren- 
ders possible, 
and these pro- 
ductions are 
sent to the 
shops of almost 
every land. 
Here the proc- 
ess of trans- 
forming grains 
of dirty, heavy- 
looking sand in- 
to diamonds of 
sparkling hue 
is constantly go- 
ing on. The 
sand thus cm- 
ployed, and up- 
on which the 
whole art de- 
pends, is found 
in the forests of 
Fontainbloau, 
it appears to 
possess some 
jieculiar quali- 
ties of adapta- 
tion to this ))ur- 
pose. The col- 
oring of stones 
in imitation of 
emeralds and 
sapphires has 
been brought 
to high perfec- 
tion. There 
are hundreds of 
operatives em- 
ployed at pol- 
ishing the col- 
ored stones and 
lining the lalse 
pearls with fish 
scales and wax. 
The scale.? of 
roach and dace 

are chiefly employed for this purpo5e; they have to be stripped 
from the fish while living, or the glistening linos so much 
admired in the real pjarl will not be imitated. Those Paris 
pearls have been of late years so perfect that Roman pearls 
have to a great extent been superseded. Nor is the manufac- 
ture of sham articles confined to j^iwelry; we have .shoddy cloth 
that looks as good as tho genuine, pai)er leather that requires 
an expert to detect it, in fact, we might say that ahnost every 
genuine article of manufacture has its sham dui)licate. 




ANT of our younir readers hive no doubt heard of King 
John of England: how heu-^ui-pjd thi throne and murdered 
his nephew, Prince Arthur of IJretagno, the rightful heir. 
When this prince was only fifteen he married a daughter of 
Philip of France. This monarch undertook his cause, and 
sent him, with a great many troops, into Normandy; but here, 

while besieging 
the Castle of 
Mirabel, he 
was taken 
prisoner by his 
uncle, and with 
his sister, the 
damsel of 
Brittany, car- 
ried off prison- 
er to England. 
Tie was at fir§t 
siven in charge 
iif Hubert de 
Hurgh, Gov- 
ernor of the 
Castle of Fa- 
lai.se, who also 
received strong 
bints to destroy 
Ills prisoner, 
nut, though a 
t'luicral service 
was ]ierformed 
tor him, the 
> ouiig prince 
w a s L'aref ully 
ciineealed; but 
tiie cruel uncle 
found liim and 
carried him 
away to Rouen, 
fhis raised such 
an outcry, that 
King John, 
t h i n k i n g h e 
.should have no 
peace while Ar- 
liuir lived, re- 
Miived to de- 
stroy him; and 
went himself 
ill a I oat to the 
Tower of Rou- 
en; anil, having 
r in the boy 
tino'jgli with 

his dagger, carriel the body some miles dovi the Seine, and 
flung it in. There is .some .satisf lotion in l.no'ving that this 
cruel deed lo-it. him the whole of Niruiandy. Tlic following 



ver.v' 
readu 




il'l b.ili.i 1, written o i th ; tragic event, i.iav iiitere.«t our 



'Mong hill.-; anil wooillnii 1< many a niili 
Seine roH'd his ninrni'rinsr tl<MKle; 

A:;d winding, wa-ihed Ui ' stately town 
AVhere lljuiiis castle .stood. 




^^ 18S 



O'TJATEXq-IXjE i:tTSTI?.TJCTOI^. 




Frnm an old tower of drearie height, 
Forlorn, through Gothic grate. 

The hapless prince looked o'er the flood, 
And mourned his hapless fate. 

■'Te winds that rove the forests free, 

Why roar ye as ye blow? 
Ye waves, that dash against the towers, 

Why murmur as ye flowe? 

"How blest were I, ye winds and waves, 

If I like you could rove: 
Like you could w:nd my cheerful way, 

Through forest, hill, and grove. 

"Full many a day hath told its hours 

Since I have sighed lor peace; 
And many a day must still roll on 

Ere my misfortune cease. 

'Oly sole employ to count the woes. 

That fill up my despair — 
A mother's tears I cannot wipe; 

A crown 1 cannot wear. 

"A lovely sister in my cause 

Debarr'd of liberty; 
A thousand friends, or captives made, 

Or slain in fight for me. 

"Oh, would I were a peasant swainl 

Of humble lineage born; 
Contented would I tend my flock, 

jSTor heed the proud man's scorn. 

"Contented, by our humble cot. 

From mcji-n to eve I'd toil; 
And think right bounteous my reward. 

Dear mother, in thy smile." 

The hollow towers and windy walls. 

His sighs re-echoed round; 
The distant hills in dying moans, 

Keturn'd the plaintive sound. 

And now, though all around was dark. 

The stormy rain did fall, 
A bi.iat came rowing down the stream, 

Beneath the castle wall. 

The night birds screamed a cry of dread, 

The death bell thrice did ring; 
And thrice at Arthur's window bars, 

A raven fiapp'd its wings. 

And soon was heard the voice of men, 

Low whispering at the walle; 
Unhappy Arthur, struck with dread. 

To heaven for help did call. 

He heard the gate creak on the hinge. 

That led to his abode; 
"Xow Heaven befriend me!" Arthur cried, 

"For this bodes me no good." 

And now came in the tyrant John, 

With ruffians all arowe; 
A bloody sword was in his hand, 

A frown upon his browe. 

As dreads the lambe, when suddenly 

He sees the wolf appear; 
So hapless Arthur waxed pale. 

To find his fate so near. 

Then kneeling quick upon his knee 

And dropping many a tear. 
He strove to soothe thetyrant's rage 

With many a piteous prayer. 



"Oh, uncle 1 change thatjcruel frown, 

That dark, determined browe; 
See, see me, though unused to kneel. 

Lay at thy feet thus lowe. 

"And canst thou kill me, uncle dear? 

And canst thou make me bleed? 
And canst thou slay thy brother's child. 

Who at thy feet doth plead?" 

"Yes, Arthur, yes! thou now must die!" 

'J'he ruthless tyrant cried; 
"Thy boasted title to my crown 

Shall no more wound my pride." 

"Ah, cruel uncle! stay thy hand; 

The deed too late thou'lt mourn: 
For well I know its dread efiects 

Shall shake thee from thy throne." 

"Enough!" the angry tyrant cries, 

The night wears fast away; 
Turn thee to God, for thou must die 

Before the dawn of day." 

Well may ye scream ye birds of night. 

As round the tower ye stray; 
For they have slain the hapless prince 

Before the dawn of day. 

Yes, they have slain the hapless prince, 

Ere he had time to pray; 
And thrown his body m the Seine, 

Before the dawn of day. 

Tney've buried the prince in a watery grave, 

With all the speed they may; 
And tyrant John, with the curse of Heaven, 

Hath hied him on his way. 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ON THE HISTORV OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XV. 



Q- 

A. 

Q- 

A. 

Q. 

A. 

Q.- 

A. 

Q. 

A 

Q. 

A. 

Q.- 
A. 

Q.- 
A. 

Q-- 

A. 
Q.- 
A. 
Q.- 
A. 

Q.- 

A. 



—Why did not Joseph translate all that was on the plates? 

— Because part of them were sealed. 

—Will that part ever be translated? 

— Yes, in the due time of the Lord. 

—When Joseph was taking the plates home, what happened? 

— Two men attacked him. 

-What for? 

To try and get the plates from him. 
—What did they do? 
—One of them struck him with a cluh. 
— Did they get them from him? 

—No; he being a strong man, got away from them. 

-Did they follow him? 

-Yes, they chased him till he came near his father's house. 

-Did anj'hody else try to get them? 

—Yes; mobs often surrounded the house. 

-Did they succeed in either injuring him or getting the plates? 

-No. 

-Did any body ever try to shoot him. 

—Yes, several times. 

-In what other manner did his eneniies try to injure him? 

-By circulating lies about him. 

-Who preserved him from those wicked people? 

-God. 



True glory consi.sts in doing what deserves to be written, in 
writing what deserves to be read, and in so living as to make 
the world happier and better for our living in it. 





a"cr^E]:tTiLE iisrsTi?.x" ctoi^ 



3 89 




n o i^n E. 



BY ROLLO. 




"TTome is not merely four square walls, with pictures hung 

XI and gilded." No; home is something higher, nobler 
and purer than all this. It is at home that we always find a 
welcome when sorrow or oppression overtakes us. Lucky is 
the man who has a hjme; for even though it may be the veriest 
hovel, when a man is out in the world, there is nothing that 
will affect him .so much as a conversation about home. It will 
bring to his miud scenes and incidents that occurred many 
years past. He will see his brothers and sisters gamboling 
around the same places where he was wont to mingle with 
them. Many a strong-hearted man, as brave as a, lion, away 
from home and friends, has wept when the remembrances of 
home have been brought up before him. It is at home that 
the most pleasant scenes of life have been passed; and go 
where you will, you will scarcely ever receive that kind love 
and attention that you have experienced at home, even though 
you have countless wealth at your command. 

The remembrance of home has made many a criminal 
shudder and contemplate his present state of existence, and 
compare it with that of the past. He will see in himi^elf a 
hard-hearted man, old in sin and wickedness, but still, perhaps, 
young in years. He will also see in his mind a young child, 
all love and innocence, playing with others in front of the old 
homestead. Can it be possible that he is that child, grown in 
years, developed in stature, and matured in sin? Alas! it is 
only too true. How harrowing to him must be the contrast 
between the two pictures! Then it is that the full weight of 
his prodigality comes home to hiiu, and the evils of his lite 
stand out in bold relief before him. 

And yet how many boys and girls have been diiven to des- 
peration by the manner in which they are treateil at home ! 
Said a boy to me, not long since, when remonstrated with 
about the company he was keeping and his general bad habits: 
"I know I shouldn't do it; but, then, I don't get any encour^ 
agement to do better. When I'm at home father does nothing 
but growl from morning till night. I can't do anything to 
]ilease him; and if I do try hard to do the work well that 
he gives me, I get nothing but growls for my pains, whether 
it's done good or bad. I feel completely tired of life, and 
don't care what becomes of me!" He may have overrated it 
somewhat, but there are many youths who are in that same 
predicament. 

Parents .should remember that they themselves were once 
young, and should treat their oft'spring accordingly. They 
should remember that' hey did not know anything until it was 
taught to them, and t \ '.heir children have got to be taught 
as well as they. Som- o .nem say, "You have got a better 
education than I ever had, and what more do you want?" I 
answer, a great deal more. Remember thit the future of 
your children is in your hands. It is destined to be either 
happy or miserable; and who is to make it happy or miserable? 
You; the parents. You, who gave children birth, are as much 
responsible for their future as you are for their existence. 
Their character is yet undecided, and their destiny is placed in 
your hands. Should the child prove a liar, you might have 
prevented it. Should it prove a drunkard, you might have 
prevented it. Should it lead a life of misery to itself and 
mischief to others, you might have prevented it. Should it 
descend into the grave with an evil memory behind, and dread 
before, you might have prevented it. Y'^es, you, the parents, 



might have prevented all this. Will you. or will you not? 
Or will 5'ou in your search for pleasure, fashion or folly, or 
even in your household eaves, neslect the .soul of your child, 
and leave your little innocent to be pifiiosed to '-vil, temptation 
and ruin? Snch di^a^trous re'Jults ciin be avoided, and it is 
the duty of parent-: to take a course to avoid them. Make 
home so pleasant t at your children will not go away to find 
pleasure and amusement; and in the end you will be rewarded 
for your trouble. 



BII?.IDS. 



(Continued.) 



TIEE King bird of Paradise is as beautiful as it is rare. The 
whole upper parts of the bod^' are rich che^nut with a 
wash of purple, and the under portions of the body are pure 
■ndiite. Am-ojs the ch3?t is di-awn a band of light golden - 
green, an i from ths sides an 1 belo's' the shoulders spring a 
series of feathers disposed so as to form a plums, their color 
being dusk.v brown tipped with vivid green. 





THE BIRD OF P.VRAmS?:. THE PEACOCK. 

Thb Peacock may safely be termed one of the most magnifi- 
cent of the feathered tribe; and may even lay a well fV urided 
claim to the chief rank among birds, in spl'-oilor of iiluoiage 
and effulgence of coloring. 

The Peacock is an Asiatic b rd. the oidliiary species being 
foimd chiefly in India; and Javanese IVacjc'iv^ aie e^.tremely 
common, flocking together in bauds of :'a!;ty or forty in 
number, covering the trees with their nilenilid jilnmage, and 
filling the air with their horribly dissonant voices. 

Boys, PiEAD and Heed Tuts. — CharactL-r -rows; it is not 
something to put on, ready made, with Wi:i.iui,hood or man- 
hood; but, day by day, here a little, and there a little, it grows 
with the growth and strengthens with the strength. 

Look at a man of business — prompt, reliable couicicntious, 
yet clear-headed and energe:i'.\ When do you suppose ho 
developed all these admirable qiui'ities? When he was a \>oy. 
Let us see the way in which a boy of ten years gets up in the 
morning, works, plays, studies, and we will tell you -ndiat kind 
of a man he will make. The boy who is late at breakfast and 
late at school, stands a poor chance to be a promjit man. The 
boy who neglects his duties, be they ever so .-mall, and then 
excuses himself by saying: "I forgot! I didn't think!" will 
never be a noble, generous, kindly man — a gentleman in the 
same way. 



Men make themselves ridiculous, not so much by the 
qualities they have as by the affectation of those which they 
have not. — 





190 



EH^ILE IIsrSTI^/TJOTOI^/. 




FIRST BOOK OF SAMUEL. 




LESSON XCIII. 
Q — What did the penplp then sii.v unto Samuel? 
A.— "Who is he thiit said, Shall Saul reiun over us? lind the 
men, that we may put them to death." 
Q.— What did Saul my' 

A.— "There shall not a man be put to death this day: for to-day 
the Lord hath wrought salvation in L-rael." 
O. — "What then did Samuel .-.iv to the people? 
A.— "Coine, and let us go to Gilf;al, and renew the kingdom 
there." 

Q. — When the people went to Gilgal what -was done there? 
A. — "They madeSauT king before the Lord." 
Q.— What else did they do' 

A. — "They sacrificed sacrifices of pe' ce before the Lord." 
Q. — What also is said' 

A. — "And tliere Saul and all the men of Israel rejoiced 
greatly." 

Q.— What did Samuel then say unto all I.-rael? 
A. — "Behold, I have luarkened unto your voice in all thati'e 
said unto me, and have made a king over you." 

Q. — What was ihe people's reply when Samuel emiuired con- 
cerning his integrity'' 

A. — "Thou liast not di-lrauded us, neither hast thou taken 
aught of any man's hand." 

y. — What did the people acknowledge alter Samuel rehearsed 
to them the dealings of tlie Lord' 

A. — That they had greatly sinned against him. 
y. — What sign did the Lord give to the jieople in answer to 
Samuel's praj'er.' 

A. — He sent thun^ler and rain during wheat harvest. 
Q. — AVhat efl'tetdid this have upon the people? 
A. — They greatly feared tiie Lord and Sanuiel. 
Q. — What did the people then say unto Samuel? 
A. — "Pray for thy servants unto the Lord thy God that we die 
not: for wo have added unto all our sins this evil, to ask us a 
king." 
y. — What was Samuel's reply to them? 

A.— -"Fear not: ye have done all this wickedness: yet turn not 
aside from following the Loid, but serve the Lord with all your 
heart." 
Q.- -What did he say concerning the Lord'' 
A. — "Fcjr tho Lord will not forsake his people for his great 
iiaiiie's sake; because it haih pleased the Lord to make you his 
people." 

y. — What did he say concerning niiMself 

A.— "God forbid that I should sill against the Lord in ceasing 
to pray for you: but I will teach you the good and r'ght way." 
Q.— What did he say to th. m, if they still did wickedly? 
A. — "Ye shall be consuimd, ye and your king." 
Q. — What did Saul do when he had reigntd two years over 
Israel? 

A. — He chose three thou^aiid mm. 

Q. — How many were with iiim.' 

A. — Two thousand. 

Q. — Who had the other thou-ai.d men? 

A. — Jonathan. 

Q —What did Saul elo with the rest of the people? 

A. — He sent every man to his tent. 

y- — What did Jonathan do with his thousand men? 

A.— He smote the gan i>on of the Philistines that was in Geba. 

Q. — What did Saul tln^n cau.ie to he dune/ 

A.— Thai i; should be known ihnughout the land. 

y. — What WHS the result.' 

A.— The people came to Saul at Gilgal. 



Mentions and ^nsirtrs 

BOOIC OIF Ivl O K. I^^ O iT . 



EEIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON ICIII. 

Q. — After Moroni had sutficiently fortified the city of Bountiful, 
what did he cause the prisoners to do? 

A. — He caused them to build a wall, surrounding the place 
where they were kept. 

Q.— How did Moroni employ his troops during the remainder 
of the year? 

A. — He ordered them to make every preparation and to collect 
food for the armies. 

Q.— By reason of dissensions among the Nephites what were 
theLiinianites on the west enabled to do? 

A.— They succeeded in getting possession of a number of cities 
in that part of the land. 

y. — Who occupied the land of Zarahemla? 

A. — The Ammonites. 

Q. — When they saw the Nephites in danger of being overpow- 
ered, what did thej' want to do? 

A. — They desired to take up arms and assist them. 

12 — What restrained them from doing this? 

A. — Helaman reminded them of the vow they had made — never 
to take up arms for war. 

i,|. — Were the Nephites then left without anj- assistance? 

A.— T- ■>; the young men of the Ammonites, who had not made 
any sui o^ith, covenanted to assist their friends. 

Q. — li iv many of them were there? 

A. — T-v thousand. 

y. — W'lo was chosen for leader? 

A. — IL aiiian. 

Q. — In I he beginning of the twent3'-ninth year of the Judges' 
reiffn, what did Ammoron do' 

A. — He sent to Moroni, asking an exchange of prisoners. 

Q —Did Moroni feel pleased at receiving this request? 

A. — Yes; he wanted to strengthen his armies, and he wanted 
the food for his own people which was being consumed by his 
Lamanite )>risoners. 

y — Had Moroni taken many women and children prisoners? 

A. — Ko; his prisoner? were all men. 

Q. — 'Was this the case with the prisoners taken by the 
enemy? 

A. — No; manj' were women and children. 

y. — In order to obtain as many JSTephitos as possible from the 
Lamaniles, what did Moroni offer to do? 

A. — He replied to Ammoron that he would exchange prisoners 
onlj- on condition that for every Lamanite prisoner given up, a, 
man and his family of the Nephite captives should be ex- 
changed. 

Q. — What did Moroni threaten to do unless Ammoron withdrew 
bis troops? 

A. — To attack them and destroy them all. 

Q — What was Ammoron's reply? 

A. — He consented to exchange on such a condition, but said ne 
did not fear the Nephites. 

Q. — What reason did Ammoron givefor wishingan exchange of 
prisoners'' 

A. — That he might get his fighting men back, and would then 
wage an eternal war. 

Q.— Was Moroni willing to exchange when he learned of 
Ammoron's intention. 

A.— No; but he determined u])on a stratagem. 

(■}. — What did he first require? 

A. — A descendant of Laman. 

Q.— Did he find such a one.' 

A. — Yes, and his name was Laman. 





a"TJ ^ i±] isr I iLj E I n^ s T le. Tj G T o :s 




s j^ 3sr 3D "w- 1 o h: isl^h^ids. 



EXTRACTS FROM THE EDITOR S JOURNAL. 
( Concluded. ) 




The upper crust of the lava is cellular, something like honey- 
comb, and very light and porous, and crackled under the feet 
like coal cinders. We felt our way carefully with our iinlos, 
like men passing over a frozen lake. There were several ridges 
of rock thrown up, and as we a])proached the vicinity of the 
tire, we came to a hill resembling a limekiln, which emitted a 
thick, large body of smoke and steam. It was composed of a 
variety of earth and rock, and seemed to be the chimney stack 
of the crater. I climbed up, and looked down a hole from 
which a sulphurous smoke and vapor arose, the inhalation 
of which involved considerable danger. The sides of this 
chimney, like those we visited at the Kiona close to the brink 
of (he precipice the previous evening, were covered with 
crystals of a yellow color. We tried to ascerta'n its depth by 
throwing stones down, but we could not hear them strike the 
bottom. Within a few feet of this was another very large 
chimney, out of which a dense smoke issued, so dense as to 
preclude a view of the interior; it was a dangerous experiment 
peeping into this chimney, owing to the precarious nature of 
the looting; one false step would have proved fatal to the ex- 
plorer. This, we were told by the guide, was all included, a 
few years ago, in the pit or crater that was constantly active; 
of late years it has decreased to its present .size, and only oc- 
casionally breaks forth in any other place. 

Leaving this, the guide led us over places that looked danger- 
ous and very risky, and I felt that we were indeed treading on 
a volcano, and we had to be careful where we stepped. A 
feeling of awe very naturally cre|)tover me, and I felt howver.y 
insignificant man is, and how little ho knows of the works aud 
operations of his Maker. 

While going from, what I call, the chimney stack of the 
crater towards the pit or caldron, we had great diiSculty in 
breathing, on account of the strong sulphurous; smoke which 
the former emitted and which the wind carried in the direction we 
were going. When we came to the edge of the pit, a sight 
met my eyes which I think I shall never forget, and which 
surpassed, in sublimity and grandeur, anything I had ever 
witnessed or imagined; language is too faint to convey any oi 
my feelings; I could not repress my exclamations of delight 
and admiration, it so far exceeded what I had read in written 
descriptions, or what I expected to see. I felt amply repaid 
for all my toil in beholding this awfully grand and stupendous 
work of the Creator. 

The pit w:^ i ulgedto be about fifty or .sixty feet deep, with 
perpendicular .^ides. nearly round, and about, as near as we 
could jud';>-. " le hundred yar.ls ai'.i'o-is. The strongest heat 
seemed b< \\'- round the edges; and in one side there were two 
large hole-, v 'ry clo^e together, which looked more like the 
mouths ol' t V 1 very large furnaces than anything else I ever 
saw. Hei'' the luelted lava or matter was in con^itant motion. 
a perfect mi ; i of liiiuid fire, surging and heaving like the waves 
of the sea, M'.thanoise which the ]iaddles of a steam vessel 
sailing in the ocean .slightly resembled — It was truly a magni- 
ficent sight. Bjfore we reached the caldron, the .sound of the 
spoiitinx and surging matter resembled the booming of heavy 
artillery at a distance. 

Tlie surface of the matter while quiescent, w.is black, with 
beautiful red veins here and there througli it; it had a move- 
lueut — sometimes flowing quickly, other times slowly — from the 



north-east to south-west, to the places where it was raging so 
^ violently. It was surprising to see with what ease it would 
melt this stony mass and convert it again into a fluid, throwing 
it out sometimes with great force. Occasionally it would roll 
up in other parts of this vast caldron, red and fiery, with a 
slow, heavy movement, twisting and curling in all manner of 
shapes, and again relapsing into its former position. Where 
it was black, a stone would indent it, but not .sink out of sight. 

We f Hind great quantities of capillary glass; or as the natives 
call it Pele's hair, believing it to be th'> goddess' hair — but, 
owing to the want of ficilities for pre^ervi^g it, we brought but 
little away. 

A party of natives liad been here, so we were told, a few 
days before, throwing the bones of a relative into the volcano, 
with hogs, fowls, &c. — f scrificrs to propitiate Madam "Pele". 
Thepit iscalledby thenativesZa hm o 7 Wp. (the pit of Pele.) 
'Pele'' was formerly, and is now by many, believed to be a 
goddess, younger sister of Papa , the woman that brought 
forth the islands, according to the old legend; the first-born 
being Hawaii, and the last Kauai and Niihau. 

Pele, it is said, came from Kahiki\ (foreign lands,) with her 
brothers and sisters, and lived first at Kauai, from thence to 
Oahu, thence to Jlolokai. thence to J.'^aui, and finallj-, took up 
her residence on this island. Hawaii, where she still continues to 
maintain it. The quiescent erpicrs on all these islands give 
evidence of the existence of activo volcanoes on thom in ages 
past. 

The Ilawaiian.s biiicvcii in a phi-allty of gods, and "Pole" 
was worshiped in conjunction with the rest; her place of 
re.sidence or Jim, was believed to be the iilace where all the 
spirits of good chiefs and men went to dwell; the bad ones 
going to the pn or pbice of darkness in the centre of the earth 
— the dominions of Milu, the Pluto of the Hawaiians. 

The practice of throwing the bones of dead relatives into the 
volcano, used to be, and is quite common among the worship- 
ers of this goddess. Their idea is, that if "Pele" is pleased 
with the sacrifice .she will consume the bones, and the spirit of 
the deceased will be permitted to return as a familiar spirit, and 
be with one of the family; if the sacrifice is not acceptable the 
bones are thrown out of the caldron. 

We stood on the brink of the caldron wa'diing it bubbling 
and hissing, and it seemed, in looking at the liquid mass, as 
though the popular theory of a central fire was somewhat 
plausible. I thought I should never be tired looking at it, 
but as we had a journey of eighteen miles before us, we were 
reminded to be stirring. 

In returning, the guide led us back another way over a lower 
portion of the pit or sea of lava; it seemed to be very little 
above the level of the burning mat.er in the caldron. He 
pointed out to us several places where there had been recent 
eruptions, leaving large craters or pits, the bottoms of which 
presented a similar appearance to that portion of the field over 
wdiich we were walking, having cooled and lirc-^erved its wave- 
like appearance. 

On our return from Waiakea towai-ds Upolu we had a meeting 
house to dedicate at a place called Pololu, and the Saints here 
bad preiiarcd a feast on the occasion. As an account of a Hawai- 
ian feast may be interesting to our juveniles we will describe this 
one. The vegetable V'f'i'tiiJ'i "^ tlie feast consisted of poi. 
This, as we have before described to you, is made out of the 
Icnio a root somewhat in shape resembling the ruta baga 
turniji. It is made about as thick as paste, and is allowed to 
ferment and become sour before it is eaten. It is not kept in 
di.shes of earthenware but in a calabash, some of which are 





19S 



cru-^EiTiLE] insrsTi?."croTOi^ 




very large and will hold several gallons of the food. On this 
ooeasiou tha people sat on the grouu.1 on mats. For table cloths 
there were large green leaves of the plant called hi. On those 
were placed packages of beef, pork, fowls, dog, goat, done up 
in the leaves in which they had been cooked. Fish also was 
served up in this manner. As soon as the blessing was asked 
every one dipped his or her two forefingers into the pot, and 
lifting as much as the fingers would hold, they passed them 
into their mouths, throwing their heals back as they did ,so, to 
get a good niouthfnl. The h.,gs, chickens and little dogs were 
speedily dissected, the fingers being the only knives, forks and 
spoons used among them. The scene was one of true enjoy- 
ment. The Sandwich islander is never so happy, so musical, 
so full of pleasant talk as when seated at a good meal; and the 
quantity one eats on such occasions would astonish an American 
who had never seen them. They are very particular about 
having their hands clean, and eating with due respect to each 
other's rights. One waits for the other to put his fingers in 
the poi, and their ideas of decorum and manners such as they 
are, are as strict as ours. We eiders who ate with them were 
also seated on mats and ate the same kind of food that they 
did, only in place of using our fingers we either used sjioons or 
.small paddles which we whittled out of wood to conve}' the food 
to our mouths, thinking it would be better to set them an 
example in this respect. I scarcely think though that any of 
our party would prefer dog meat to beef, goat or chicken, 
though I must say that if it were not for prejudice I think the 
di)g meat as vrholesouK' niid as clean as the [xirk; fur the dogs 
which they eat lu that country are a peculiar bred, the flesh 
of which is very sweet and tender. They are very particular 
in feeding them; they keep thoni cleaner and do not give them 
such disagreeable f bo 1 as they do to their hog-;. But there 
is sjniething repugnimt ti people raised as we have been, in 
the idia oPeating dug niuit. A story was told me by Brother 
Xapela of a trick which he and some other natives played off 
on some white men at a feast which they partook of at a place 
called Waikapu on the islan 1 of M uii. The white men were 
merchants from L ihaina, and had been invited over to this 
feast. They had meats and fi>h of every kind nearly, and 
among the rest had a number of roasted pigs and roasted dogs. 
One of the nat.ves suggested as a good trick to play on the 
white men that they sever the heads of the pigs and put them 
with the dogs and take the dogs' heads and put them with the 
pigs. Thiy did so. Of course the merchants did not want to 
eat dog meat and would not touch any of the meat where the 
dogs heads were, but at; heartily of what they suppo.sed were 
jiigs. The natives tried to persuade them to eat the other 
moat. "(_)!i, no," they saiil. "the.se delicious pigs are good 
enough for us" and they wiuld mt touch the other. 1 may 
say here that the native method of cooking meat is far ahead 
of ours. Tiioy contrive to preserve all the juices of the meat 
in it while it is being cooked. Nothing was said to the mer- 
chants about the trick that had been played upon them until 
after the feast was ended, and they could not be persuaded 
that they had eaten dogs until the bones were .shown to them, 
which they knew not to be tho.se of pigs. They tried hard to 
be sick at the thought of having oaten dog meat, but had to 
confe.s3 that it wa.s as good meat as they ever ate. An unsus- 
pecting person, if served with dog meat, would never dream that 
it was anything but sucking pig. 



%^. 



REME.MBEB. when incited to slander, that it is only 
he among you who is without sin that can cast the first 



nyc I L I T 7L i^ Y .A.isrTS. 



A GENTLEMAN of this city, one morning recently, while 
walking in his garden, observed two columns of ants 
crossing the path in opposite directions. Upon noticing the 
curious moyements closely, he saw that those going in one 
direction carried the bodies of ants which he supposed to be 
dead, while those going the other way seemed to have depos- 
ited their burdens, and were returning to get new loads. It 
was his first impression that ihe ants were engaged in stocking 
a new cemetery with their illustrious dead. In order to note 
what effect a disturbance of their line would create, he dropped 
a little sand upon the column. Instantly the apparently 
inanimate ants sprang to the ground and became vigorously 
alive, while the carriers retreated in a pusillanimous fashion. 
As more grains were dropped the ants became very pugna- 
cious, rearing up and attacking each grain furiously. From 
this singular conduct the gentleman concluded that the ants 
were the fighting members of the tribe, a sort of mounted 
infantry that was being transported across the country to guard 
.some now frontier settlement, and that, as soon as the grains 
began to fall upon the column, the ants, thinking enemies had 
opened a fire from their catapults, allowed the warriors to 
dismount and pitch into action, while the carriers beat a 
retreat out of danger. In view of the circumstances, such a 
conclusion seems warranted. At any rate, antkind has been 
regarded since Solomon's time as exceedingly clever in all 
matters of domestic and .social economy, and there is no telling 
to what degree of intelligence it has attained in the progres- 
.sivc age. Who knows but what we daily tread under our 
feet ant republics and insect empires, among which civil wars 
are progressing that necessitate the maintenance of standing 
armies at the i>ublic expense? — Selected. 



E nsr I G- ivdi j^ . 



BY ED. K. BR.\IN. 



I AM composed of 7 letters: 

My 5, 1, 2, 7 is an apartment of a house; 

My .3, 6, ?., 4, 1 is a beverage; 

Sly 3, 4, 1, 2 is something that is used by blacksmiths; 

My 3, 6, 4, 7 is just what's the matter with ice; 

My whole is a great king that governs many thousands. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 13 is "Ganges." 
We have received correct solutions from Lydia L. Allred and 
Luanna A. Booth, St. Charles; Edith M. Thurston and Wm. 
Moroni Daines, Hyde Park; Enos L. Stookey, Shambip; M. A. 
Burnham, Richmond; Z. W. Derrick, J. D. Irvine, W. T. 
Cooper, Nellie T. Cooper, Louie Snelgrove, Daniel Spencer, 
''Rollo" and E. H. Brooks, Salt Lake City. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATUKDAY. 



GEORGE O. CANNJN. EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Singh Copy, per Annum - - $2 00. 

.^B~Offioe, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor J uvenile Instructor. ' ' 




