
VOL. XVIII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1883. 



NO. 9. 



ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL. 



ST. PAULS CATHEDKAL, London, is the fifth in size of occupied from about A. D. 597 till 610. In A. D. loSG it was 

the great churches in Europe. destroyed in a great conflagration ; but Muritiaus, then bishop 

The first church erected on this spot, took the place of a of London, determined to erect on its site a magnificent 

heathen temple dedicated to the goddess Diana. It is supposed edifice with the highest spire in the world. This new build- 




to have bfien dcHtroyed durini; one of the great persecutions 
of the Christiann, about A. D. 3iiL'. It was rebuilt in the reign 
of the Knipcror Constantino from A. I). '.','1'.\ to .i.'i". It was 
again dtnioli.shcd by the heathen, this time by the unconverted 
SaxoDH,! but was restored by Kthclbert and Scbert, Thi.s 



^-: 



ing was commenced in A. D. lilST and completed in VIU). It 
was again nearly do.stroycd by lire in UII, and tlie spire was 
burned in l.'iiil. And in the great lire ut Loiuloii (A. U. Kliiti) 
it was onye inure totally destrii}'(!d. » 

The present St. I'unl's is distinguished from other Ktigli.sh 




130 



CrTJ"^E]lsriLE IIsTSTIE^TJOTOI?.. 




cathedrals by the fact that it was not built bit by bit, but is 
the work of one man, Sir Christopher Wren. He created, 
designed and decorated the immense building. Three years 
after old St. Paul's cathedral perished in the great fire of 
Ijondon, Wren prepared a design for a new cathedral. This 
was not accepted. It was not in the orthodox cross shape, so 
he had to make another design. This second one was finished 
in 1672 and was approved. 

Three years were spent in removing the ruins of the old 
cathedral and in clearing the ground. In 1675 the first stone 
was laid by Thomas Strong, the master-mason, while the high- 
est stone of the building was placed in position by the archi- 
tect's son, in 1710. 

The taste of the time when the building was erected left its ■ 
interior cold and colorless, but steps are now being taken to 
adorn the vaulted roof with frescoes. St. Paul's contains the 
monuments of many notable Enslishmen ; among others are 
those of John Howard, the philanthropist; Dr. Johnson, Sir 
Charles Napier, Lord Nelson and the Duke of Wellington. 
Reynolds, Turner and other illustrious painters are buried 
there. Under the dome is the "whispering gallery," com- 
municating with the stone gallery on the outside of the dome, 
whence the outer golden gallery at the apex is reached, which 
affords a magnificent view of the great metropolis and vicinity. 
The whole ascent is by 616 steps. The dome is 365 feet from 
the ground, 355 feet from the floor of the church and 145 feet 
in diameter. The dome of St. Peter's at Rome is 448 feet 
high and 193 feet in diameter. The length of St. Paul's from 
east to west is 500 feet; (of St. Peter's, 613} feet interior.) 
And the width of the nave is 125 feet. 

The annual singing by 5,000 charity children, on the first 
Thursday of June, was characterized by the great Hayden as 
the most powerful effect he had ever experienced from 
music. 

St. Paul's is the cathedral church of the see of London and 
the bishop of London ranks first of all the bishops of the 
English church, immediately after the two metropolitans, 
that is, after the archbishops of Canterbury and York. 

Our picture represents the edifice as seen from the north- 
east, say from the corner of Cheapside not far from the 
General Post Oflice ; this does not show its beautiful front, 
which faces west, and which can be seen to such advantage 
from the top of Ludgate Hill. G. R. 



SOWING AND REAPING. 



BY W. J. 



PAUL, in writing to the Galatians, tells them these plain 
and pointed truths: "Be not deceived; God is not 
mocked : for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. 
For he that soweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corrup- 
tion; but he that soweth to the spirit shall of the spirit reap 
life everlasting. And let us not be weary in well doing: for 
in due season we shall reap, if we faint not." 

In the physical world, "whatsoever a man soweth, that shall 
he also reap." If a man sows wheat, he will reap wheat. True, 
he may reap that which he does not sow — he may reap wild 
oats and sundry other products ; but he, or some one else, has 
sown them heretofore, or the seed has been placed in or on the 
soil by the birds of the air, by the beasts of the field, by the 
wind, by the irrigating stream, or by some other means ; and 



l?*^- 



the proposition is still true : "Whatsoever a man soweth, that 
shall he also reap." 

In the moral world also: "Whatsoever a man soweth, that 
shall he also reap." But, there is a slight difference between 
the reaping of the physical or wheat crop, and the reaping of 
the moral crop. The wheat crop can be secured in this life; 
and, if well cleaned up, this ends its products from the .soil, 
without a resowing ; but the moral crop is only partly gathered 
in this life. The seeds of good or evil produce their fruits in 
this life and in that which is to come. And who can tell — who 
shall dare to say — when their effects shall cease on those who 
are cast into outer darkness, or on those who are exalted and 
crowned in the celestial worlds? 

There are many kinds of seeds, and all are sown by the 
human family — 

"Some are sowing the seed of pleasant thought; 
In the spring's green light they have blithely wrought; 
They have brought their fancies from wood and dell, 
Where the mosses creep, and the flower-beds swell: 
Rare shall the harvest be. 

"Some are sowing the seeds of word and deed. 
Which the cold know not, nor the careless heed — 
Of thn gentle word and the kindest deed 
That have blessed the heart in its sorest need: 
Sweet shall the harvest be. 

"And some are sowing the seed of pain. 
Of late remorse, and in maddened brain ; 
And the stars shall fall, and the sun shall wane, 
Ere they root the weeds from the soil again: 
Dark will the harvest be. 

"And some are standing with idle band, 
Tet they scatter seeds on their native land; 
And some are sowing the seeds of care, 
Which their soil has borne and still must bear: 
Sad will the harvest be. 

"And each, in his way, is sowing the seed 
Of good or evil, in word or deed . 
With a careless hand o'er the earth they sow, 
And the fields are ripening where'er they go: 
What shall the harvest be? 

"Sown in darkness, or sown in light; 
Sown in weakness, or sown in might; 
Sown in meekness, or sown in wrath — 
In the broad work-field, or the shadowy path — 
Sure will the harvest be." 

This brief article is addressed to the young. The object of 
it is to benefit them. They exist in a world of good and evil. 
Satan holds out to them many inducements to do wrong. The 
power of temptation is strong, and almost ever present. But 
he cannot possibly offer such great inducements to do wrong 
as the Lord offers to do right. Neither is the power of evil 
as strong as the power of good, which is almost ever-present; 
but the children of men seem more prone to do wrong than to 
do right. It is far easier for the swimmer to float with the 
current, than it is for him to stem it, to struggle with 
it, to overcome it, to make headway, and to reach 
his goal. Boys are frequently found in bad company. 
They sometimes seek it, as being more congenial to their 
habits and tastes — and they often make bad company. They 
associate together for mischief, and sometimes they make 
plenty of it. They lie to one another, and about one another, 
and about others. They cheat one another in their games, and 
delight in it — it is smart. If a new play-mate — a green one 




^ 



a"U"VElI5riI_>E UtTSTI^TJOTOIE?.. 



131 





—joins them, be is a special object of tbeir careful study. In 
such a case their individual shrewdness and combined trickery 
are brought into lively action, for he mu?t be fleeced of his 
marbles, and fleeced he is, generally; for very few boys, 
single-handed, are a match for a dozen young rogues, united 
and determined on a special object. They play at sundry 
games to win poperty or money. This is gambling. In this they 
feed and nurture a disposition to "covet and desire other men's 
goods." They want something without furnishing an equiva- 
lent for it. This encourages idleness. They are sometimes 
disappointed and filled with wrath, then comes profanity. In 
such crowds of boys chewing and smoking tobacco are prac- 
ticed, which are soon varied by drinking beer and liquor. 
Means are required to purchase these. Father's granary and 
mother's hen's nests are visited on the sly to get the necessary 
means. If these fail, other people's grain, eggs, and chickens 
are stolen to procure supplies : for tobacco, beer and liquor 
cost money ; and the appetite for these is growing, and its 
demands must be supplied honestly or otherwi.se. 

Many other evils might be added to these, but enough. 
Now, what kind of seed are these boys sowing? What kind 
of crop will they reap in this life, leaving the eternal future, 
after mortality, out of the question? What kind of men will 
they become ? If they do not repent, they will steal cattle, 
they will steal horses, they are likely to become burglars or 
highwaymen, stage plunderers and train robbers ; and if 
human beings are in their way, they will take their lives to get 
them out of the way, and thus imbrue their hands and stain 
their souls with human blood, and end their wicked career by 
being shot down like wolves, or die the ignominious death of 
murderers, by due process of law. 

What a horrible conclusion to a life which might have been 
an honorable and a useful one ! What sorrow such a tragic 
end brings to the fond hearts of loving parents ! And what a 
hojieless and gloomy future awaits such thieves and mur- 
deres! Can they ever make restitution? Can they restore 
the life they have taken? Can the friends of the murdered 
forgive them? Can they who are murdered forgive them? 
Can they forgive themselves? Can the Lord forgive them? 
And is their any redemption for their blood-stained souls? 

But we will turn from this ghastly, indescribable picture. 
Boy.s, there is a pleasanter one. Do not cheat your play- 
fellows. Do not gamble. If the property of other boys should 
come into your possession through any of your games or 
arrangements, restore it to them. Do not retain it without 
furnishing an equivalent for it. Re honest. Be conscientious. 
Bi- just. Be virtuous. Be sobir. Be obedient to the Priest- 
hoodofGod. Be God-fearing and pure in hand and heart. Benot 
guilty of bad habits or .secret vices. Sow the .seed of health, 
strength, vigor, and, if God will, long life on the earth. Sow 
the seeds of kindness, peace, truth and righteousness, and 
their fruits will be peace, kindness, truth, righteousness and 
eternal lives — they will bloom with immortality, and blossom 
with all that constitutes the glories, the honors, the dominions, 
the thrones, the principalities, the eternal riches, and the 
eternal increase of the celestial worlds. 

"We are sowing, daily sowing, 

CountloKS seeds of good iiml 111, 
Sratlor'^d on tlie Ir-vi'l low-land, 

Cast upon tlic windy hill; 
Seeds thiit sink In rich, hrown furrow!', 

Kofi with litMiVf^n's gnicious raiTi; 
Seeds that rest upon the surfiK'o 

Of the dry, UhyieldiiiK pluiri. 



"Seeds that fall amid the stillness 

Of the lonely mountain glen ; 
Seeds cast out in crowded places, 

Trodden under foot of men; 
Seeds by idle hearts forgotten, 

Flung at random on the air; 
Seeds by faithful souls remembered, 

Sown in tears and love and prayer. 

"Seeds that lie unchanged, unquickened, 

Lifeless on the teeming mould ; 
Seeds that live and grow and flourish 

When the sower's hand is cold : 
By a whisper sow we blessings, 

By a breath we scatter strife; 
In our words and looks and actions 

Lie seeds of death and life. 

"Thou who knowest all our weakness. 

Leave us not to .sow alone! 
Bid thine angels guard the furrows 

Where the precious grain is sown. 
Till the fields are crowned with glory, 

Filled with mellow ripened ears, 
Filled with fruit of life eternal 

From the seed we sowed in tears. 

"Check the forward thoughts and passions. 

Stay the hasty, heedless hands; 
Lest the germs of sin and sorrow 

Mar our fair and pleasant lands. 
Father help each weak endeavor. 

Make each faithful effort blest, 
Till the harvest shall be garnered, . 

And we enter into rest." 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



{Continned from page 119.) 

TOURING the time when the Saints were suffering privation 
■1-^ and exposure after their final expulsion from Nauvoo they 
were visited by Colonel (now General) Thomas L. Kane, who 
was impressed with the condition of the Saints and the 
injustice of the acts of their enemies. A more true and 
striking picture in language could not be drawn than that given 
by him in a historical address some j'ears afterwards, of the 
scenes he there witnessed. Wc quote a portion of it : 

"A few years ago, ascending the upper Mississippi in the 
autumn, when its waters were low, I was compelled to travel 
by land past the region of the Rapids. My road lay through 
the Half-breed Tract, a fine section of Iowa, which the 
unsettled state of its land- titles had appropriated as a sanc- 
tuary for coiners, horse-thieves, and other outlaws. 1 had left 
my steamer at Kenkuk, at the foot of the Ijower Kail, to hire 
a carriage, and to contend for some fragments of a dirty meal 
with the smarming flies, the only scavengers of the locality. 

" From this place to where the deep water of the river 
returns, my eye wearied to see everywhere sordid, vagabond 
and idle settlers; and a country marred, without being 
improved, by their careless hands. I was descending the last 
hill-.-iile upon my journey, when a landscape in delightful 
contrast broke upon my view. Half encircled by a bend of 
the river, a beautiful city lay glittering in the fresh roorniog 
sun; its bright, now dwellings, set in cool, green gardens, 
ranging up around a stately dome-shaped hill, which was 
crowned by a noble marble ('(lifice, whose high tapering spire 
was radiant with white and gold. The city appeared to cover 




13S 



J-TJ'\^E1:N-ILE in^STI^TJGTOE.. 




several miles; and beyond it, in the background, there rolled 
off a fair country, chequered by the careful hands of fruitful 
husbandry. The unmistakeable marks of industry, enterprise, 
and educated wealth everywhere, made the scene one of sin- 
gular and most striking beauty. It was a natural impulse to 
visit this inviting region. I procured a skiff, and rowing 
across the river, landed at the chief wharf of the city. No 
one met me there. I looked, and saw no one. I could hear 
no one move ; though the quiet everywhere was such that I 
heard the flies buzz, and the water-ripples break against the 
shallow of the beach. 1 walked through the solitary streets. 
The town lay as in a dream, under some deadening spell of 
loneliness, from which I almost feared to wake it ; for plainly 
it had not slept long. There was no grass growing up in the 
paved ways; rains had not entirely washed away the prints of 
dusty footsteps. 

"Yet I went about unchecked. I went into empty work- 
shops, rope-walks and smithies. The spinner's wheel was idle, 
the carpenter had gone from his work-bench and shavings, his 
unfinished sash and casing. Fresh bark was in the tanner's 
vat, and the fresh-chopped lightwood stood piled against the 
baker's oven. The blacksmith's shop was cold, but his coal 
heap and ladling pool and crooked water horn were all there, 
as if he had just gone off for a holiday. No work-people 
anywhere looked to know my errand. 

"If I went into the gardens, clinking the wicket-latch loudly 
after me, to pull the marigolds, heartsease, and lady-slippers, 
and draw a drink with the water-sodden well- bucket and its 
noisy chain; or, knocking off with my stick the tall, heavy- 
headed dahlias and sunflowers, hunted over the beds for 
cucumbers and love-apple.s — no one called out to me from any 
opened window, or dog sprang forward to bark an alarm. 

"I could have supposed the people hidden in the houses, 
but the doors were unfastened ; and when, at last, I timidly 
entered thorn, I found dead ashes white upon the hearths, and 
had to tread a-tiptoe, as if walking down the aisle of a country 
church, to avoid arousing irreverent echoes from the naked 
floors. On the outskirts of the town was the city graveyard ; 
but there was no record of plague there, nor did it in anywise 
differ much from other Protestant American cemeteries. Some 
of the mounds were not long sodded ; some of the stones were 
newly set, their dates recent, and their black in.scriptions glossy 
in the mason's hardly dried lettering ink. Beyond the grave- 
yard, out in the fields, I saw, in one spot hard by where the 
fruited boughs of a young orchard had been roughly torn 
down, the still smouldering embers of a barbecue fire, that had 
been constructed of rails from the fencing around it. It was 
the latest siga of life there. Fields upon fields of heavy- 
headed, yellow grain lay rotting, ungathered, upon the ground. 
No one was at hand to take in their rich harvest. 

"As far as the eye could reach, they stretched away — they, 
sleeping too, in the hazy air of autumn. Only two portions 
of the city seemed to suggest the import of this mysterious 
solitude. Oq the the eastern suburb the houses looking out 
upon the country showed, by their splintered wood-work and 
walls battered to the foundation, that they had lately been the 
mark of a destructive cannonade. And in and around the 
splendid temple, which had -been the chief object of my 
admiration, armed men were barracked, surrounded by their 
stacks of musketry, and pieces of heavy ordnance. These 
challenged me to render an account of myself and why I had 
had the temerity to cross the water without a written permit 
from a leader of their band. 



"Though these men were generally, more or less, under the 
influence of ardent spirits, after I had explained myself as a 
passing stranger, they seemed anxious to gain my good opinion. 
They told the story of the dead city; that it had been a nota- 
ble manufacturing and commercial mart, sheltering over 20,000 
persons; that they had waged war with its inhabitants for 
several years, and had finally been successful only a few days 
before my visit, in an action fought in front of the ruined 
suburb ; after which, they had driven them forth at the point 
of the sword. The defense, they said, had been obstinate, but 
gave way on the third day's bombardment. They boasted 
greatly of their prowess, especially in this battle as they called 
it ; but I discovered they were not of one mind as to certain 
of the exploits that had distinguished it, one of which, as I 
remember, was, that they had slain a fiither and his son, a boy 
of fifteen, not long residents of the fated city, whom they 
admitted to have born a character without reproach. 

"They also conducted me inside the massive sculptured walls 
of the curious temple, in which they said the banished inhab- 
itants were accustomed to celebrate the mystic rites of an 
unhallowed worship. They particularly pointed out to me 
certain features of the building, which, having been the pecu- 
liar objects of a former superstitious regard, they had, as a 
matter of duty, sedulously defiled and defaced. The reputed 
sites of certain shrines they had thus particularly noticed, and 
various sheltered, chambers, in one of which was a deep well, 
constructed, they believed, with a dreadful design. Besides 
these, they led me to see a large and deep-chiselled marble 
vase or basin, supported upon twelve oxen, also of marble, 
and of the size of life, of which they told some romantic 
stories. They said the deluded persons, most of whom were 
emigrants from a great distance, believed their Deity coun- 
tenanced their reception here of a baptism of regeneration, as 
proxies for whomsoever they held in warm affection in the 
countries from which they had come. That here parents 'went 
into the water' for their lost children, children for their 
parents, widows for their spouses, and young persons for their 
lovers ; that thus the great vase came to be for them associ- 
ated with all dear and distant memories, and was therefore 
the object, of all others in the building, to which they attached 
the greatest degree of idolatrous affection. On this account 
the victors had so diligently desecrated it, as to render the 
apartment in which it was contained too noisome to abide in. 

"They permitted me also to ascend into the steeple, to see 
where it had been lightning-struck on the Sabbath before ; and 
to look out, east and south, on wasted farms like those I had 
seen near the city, extending till they were lost in the distance. 
Here, in the face of pure day, close to the scar of the divine 
wrath left by the thunderbolt, were fragments of food, cruses 
of liquor, and broken drinking vessels, with a bass drum and 
a steamboat signal bell, of which I afterwards learned the use 
with pain. 

"It was after nishtfall, when I was ready to cross the river 
on my return. The wind had freshened since the sunset, and 
the water beating roughly into my little boat, I headed higher 
up the stream than the point I had left in the morning, and 
landed where a faint glimmering light invited me to steer. 

"Here, among the dock and ru.shes, sheltered only by the 
darkness, without roof between them and the sky, I came 
upon a crowd of several hundred human creatures, whom my 
movements roused from an uneasy slumber on the ground. 

"Passing these on my way to the light, I found it came from 
a tallow candle, in a paper funnel shade, such as is used by 
street vendors of apples and peanuts, and which, flaring and 



3\ 




^ 



J"TJ'V"ElI^II_iE IIvTSTILTJOTOie/. 



133 




fluttering away in the bleak air of the water, shone flicker- 
in.gly on the emaciated features of a man in the last stage of a 
billious, remittent fever. They had done their best for him. 
Over his head was something like a tent, made of a sheet or 
two, and he rested on a but partially ripped open old straw 
mattress, with a hair sofa cushion under hi.s head for a pillow. 
His gaping jaw and glazing eye told howbhorta time he would 
monopolize these luxuries; though a seemingly bewildered 
and excited person, who might have been his wife, seemed to 
find hope in occasionally forcing him to swallow, awkwardly- 
measured sips of the tepid river water, from a burned and 
battered bitter-smelling tin coffee-pot. Those who knew better 
had furnished the apothecary he needed, a toothless old 
bald-head, whose manner had a repulsive dullness of a man 
familiar with death scenes. He, so long as I remained, 
mumbled in his patient's ear a monotonous and melancholy 
prayer, between the pauses of which I heard the hiccup and 
sobbing of two little girls, who were sitting upon a piece of 
drift wood outside. 

"Dreadful, indeed, -was the suffering of these forsaken 
beings; bowed and cramped by cold and sunburn; alternating 
as each weary day and night dragged on, they were, almost all 
of them, the crippled victims of disease. They were there 
because they had no homes, nor hospital, nor poor-house, nor 
friends to offer them any. They could not satisfy the feeble 
. cravings of their sick ; they had not bread to quiet the frac- 
tious hunger-cries of their children. Mothers and babes, 
daughters and grand-parents, all of them alike, were bivou- 
acked in tatters, wantiog even covering to comfort those whom 
the sick shiver of fijver was searching to the marrow. 
[To he Continued.) 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



THK gospel of dynamite is now being preached with a free- 
dom and boldnes.s that is appalling. From the czar of 
Russia, who is the autocrat of his dominions, to the weakest 
ruler in Chri.-tendom, every one is trembling in the face of the 
new agencies that are being brought to bear against the 
occupant.s of thrones. Surrounded by bayonets, hedged in by 
the power of a great empire, guarded with the greatest 
possible care, the czar of Russia is still unsafe. He 
trembles before a power which is the more terrible 
because it is unseen and operates in the dark. Mines are dug, 
trains arc laid into palaces which are guarded by the best and 
most trusted soldiers of the empire, and yet they who plan 
the method of destruction arc undiscovered. Placards are 
printed and po.sted threatening hi.s life, and their authors 
efccape the vigilence of the .secret police. 

But it is not alone in Russia that these conspiracies exist. 
They are felt in (icrniany, in France, and even in Kngland. 
Secret combinations, of various forms, exist in all these 
nations under the namcH of Nihilism, Socialism, Com- 
Diunisni, Land Leagues, InviociblcH. Organizations in these 
various lands have for their object the overthrow of exist- 
ing institutions and governments. Men now openly prochiiiu 
their right to use every means in their power or within their 
reach to destroy rulers They justify the most atrocious 
methodN, cluiiuiog that the end justifies the means. Tiiey do 



not care how many innocent people may perish so that they 
can reach ruling men and officials. 

The Book of Mormon is full of illustrations of the danger 
in which all people are placed who permit secret combinations 
such as now exist in Europe and in the United States to pre- 
vail among them. Numerous predictions are given concerning 
what the fate of a people will be where these combinations are 
permitted to operate unchecked. Speaking of the secret combi- 
nations that were formed among the .Jaredites, Moroni says: 

"And it came to pass that they formed a secret combina- 
tion, even as they of old ; which combination is most abomin- 
able and wicked above all, in the sight of God; 

"For the Lord worketh not in secret combinations, neither 
doth He will that man should shed blood, but in all things 
hath forbidden it, from the beginning of man. 

"And now I, Moroni, do not write the manner of their 
oaths, and combinations, for it hath been made known unto me 
that they are had among all people, and they are had among 
the Lamanites ; 

"And they have caused the destruction of this people of 
whom I am now speaking, and also the destruction of the 
people of Nephi ; 

"And whatsoever nation shall uphold such secret combina- 
tions, to get power and gain, until they shall spread over the 
nation, behold, they shall be destroyed, for the Lord will not 
suffer that the blood of His saints, which shall be shed 
by them, shall always cry unto Him from the ground for ven- 
geance upon them, and yet He avenge them not ; 

"Wherefore, ye Gentiles, it is wisdom in God that these 
things should be shown unto you, that thereby ye may repent of 
your sins, and suffer not that these murderous combinations shall 
get above you, which are built up to get power and gain, and 
the work, yea, even the work of destruction come upon you, 
yea, even the sword of justice of the eternal God shall fall 
upon you, to your overthrow and destruction, if ye shall suffer 
these things to be ; 

"Wherefore the Lord commandeth you, when ye shall see 
these things come among you, that ye shall awake to a sense 
of your awful situation, because of this secret combination 
which shall be among you, or wo be unto it, because of the 
blood of them who have been slain ; for they cry from the 
dust for vengeance upon it, and also upon those who have 
build it up. 

"For it Cometh to pass that whoso buildeth it up, seeketh 
to overthrow the freedom of all lands, nations, and countries; 
and it bringeth to pass the destruction of all people, for it is 
built up by the devil, who is the father of all lies ; even that 
same liar who beguiled our first parents ; yea, even that same 
liar who hath caused man to eonmiit murder from the begin- 
ning ; who hath hardened the hearts of men, that they have 
murdered the prophets, and stoned theni, and cast them out 
from the beginning. 

"Wherefore, \, Moroni, am commanded to write these 
things, that evil may be done away, and that the time may 
come that Satan may have no power upon the hearts of the 
children of men, but that they may bo persuaded to do good 
continually, that they may come unto the fountain of all 
righteousness and be .saved." 

There arc very many evils in the world — great oppressions 
and terrible wrongs. Rulersoppress their subjects and are guilty 
of tyranny. Th(^ rich oppress the poor, and in many instances 
live upon their earnings. The poor arc grounil to the dus^, 
and their cries ascend unheeded by man to the God of heaven. 
But nGtwith.sianding this condition of things the Lord does 



^^^- 





±34= 



CrTJ"^rEl^ILE IlsTSTI^TJCTOI?/. 




not justify men in forming secret combinations to commit 
murder, and to overthrow existing government, to bring about 
anarchy and ruin. One wrong does not justify another. The 
Lord in these days "hath founded Zion, and the poor of His 
people shall trust in it." 

Our own land is likely to be cursed with secret combinations 
of this character, for the reason that the blood of the pro- 
phets and of the Saints has been shed, and no notice ha? been 
taken of it. Murderers of innocent persons have been allowed 
to go unpunished, both state and national, and the government 
has winked at it and even justified it. That blood cries from the 
groundagainst this generation. This generation is delivering itself 
into the power of Satan ; he has taken possession of it ; and the 
day is not far distant when, through these secret combinations 
in our own land, good government will be overthrown. Men 
will seek power by means such as were used in ancient days ; 
they will band themselves together by secret oaths and will 
seek to obtain possession of offices through the aid of their 
confederates. When that day shall come they will not stop 
at murder, nor hesitate to employ any means, however wicked, 
to gain their unholy ends. In this way they will bring down 
upon themselves everlasting destruction ; for the Lord will 
not suffer that this land shall b'e delivered into the hands of 
such people. He has made promises concerning this con- 
tinent of America, and they will be fulfilled. In olden times 
they had their signs and secret words so as to distinguish their 
confederates, and when guilty of wickedness they were known 
to each other and upheld in it. They committed murder, 
robbery, theft, whoredoms, and all manner of wickedness 
contrary to the laws of their God, and they were upheld by 
their confederates in these acts. And it is to a very 
great extent the same to-day. We can see that spirit growing 
— murder and robbery and adultery and wickedness of every 
kind, go unpunished, especially when committed by certain 
classes, because of their wealth and their influence, and the 
combinations which prevail among them. Hence we hear of 
frequent lynching of offenders by bands of angry men who 
will not trust the courts of justice to punish a wrongdoer, but 
who take the law into their own hands. And this spirit is 
increasing. This is a terrible condition of affairs for any 
nation to be placed in, and unless there is a speedy change, 
terrible consequences will befal a people thus situated. 



GAMBLING 



*^(~^ IVE me a cent, and you may pitch one of these rings, 
vJ and if it catches over a nail I'll give you six cents." 

That seemed fair enough, so the boy handed him a cent and 
took a ring. He stepped back to a stake, tossed his ring, and 
it caught on one of the nails. 

"Will you take six rings to pitch again, or six cents." 

"Six cents," was the answer; and two three-cent pieces 
were put in his hand. He stepped off well .satisfied with 
what he had done, and probably not having an idea that he 
had done wrong. A gentleman standing near had watched 
him, and now, before he had time to look about and rejoin 
his companions, laid his hand on his shoulder. 

"My lad, this is your first lesson in gambling." 

"Gambling, sir?" 

"You staked your penny and won six, did you not?" 

"Yes, I did." 



"You did not earn them, and they were not given you; you 
won them just as gamblers win money. You have taken the 
first step Id the path; and that man has gone through it, and 
you can see the end. Now, .1 advise you to go and give him 
six cents back, and ask him for your penny, and then stand 
with the world an honest boy again." 

He had hung his head down, but raised it quickly, and his 
bright, open lock, as he said "I'll do it," will not scon be for- 
gotten. He ran back and soon emerged from the ring looking 
happier than ever. He touched his hat and bowed pleasantly 
as he ran away to join his comrades. That was an honest 
boy. Selected. 




WHAT CURED CARL. 



Carl Whitney's mother died when he was an 
infant, a'nd, as his father was too Vjusy to attend to 
him, he became a spoiled cliihl. Once Carl was 
sent to stay with his aunt. She knew that it was 
not good for a little boy to do just as he pleased. 

It was school time, but still he played with his 
dog, and so Mrs. Lyle said: 

"Why, Carl, aren't you going to school?" 

"No, aunt; it's to late no\y. Besides, I don't feel 
well enough." 

"Carl," said his aunt, after breakfast the next 
morning, "how do you feel"? Well enough to go to 
school?" 

"Yes, ma'am." 

Carl was reading and soon forgot everything but 
his book. 

"Come, Carl, it's time to go to school." 

Carl looked up. 

"I am not very well this morning. I think I'll 
wait till afternoo])." 

"Oh, I guess you are lazy — you are not sick." ' 

"My head and cliest ache." 

"Come here and let me see your tongue," said 
Mrs. Lyle. "It does look rather bad. Your pulse 
is a little quick, too. Come, you must be got to 
bed as soon as possible." 

Before Carl could remonstrate, Mrs. Lyle had 
commenced undressing him. 

"I— I feel better now," began Carl. "I don't 
want to go to bed." 

"That doesn't make any difference. If you are 
sick, the best place for you is in bed. I'll be back 



M^*^^ - 



>f<&: 



m 




in a few minutes." When she returned she said, 
"I've made a mustard plaster, and I want to put it 
on your chest, where the pain is. This will cure 
it quicker than anything else." 

"It feels better," said Carl, faintly. "It is almost 
well now." 

"The pain may come back. You'd better have 
it on. And here is some Jamaica ginger I've got 
for you. Drink it off." 

"I don't like -Limaica ginger." 

"No, I presume not; but if it makes you well 
you won't care." 

Carl tried to plead off, but Mrs. Lyle was firm, 
and the mi.xture went down. Then she covered 
him up, and told him to lie still. 

"Mayn't I liave my book ? " 

"No, indeed ! Sick people mustn't read." 

"I want to get up," muttered Carl, under the 
bedclothes. 

Carl tumbled and tossed about; the mustard 
plaster began to burn ; it grew hotter and hotter, 
until finally he pulled it off and put it at the foot 
of the bed. At last he quietly slipped out of bed, 
and was almost dressed when the door opened. 

"Carl, my child, jump right into bed! What in 
the wurld are you up for?" And Carl was whisked 
back again before he could say a word. "Where's 
your mustard plaster? Did you pull it oft'?" 

"It was so hot," whined Carl. 

"Hot! that's just what I wanted." 

"I want something to eat, anyhow." 

"You can't have anything till dinner time. I'm 
going to shut the blinds and make it dark ; maybe 
you can go to sleep." 

Sui'e enough he did, and slept until dinner was 
ready. 

"What can I have for dinner? I want some 
j)otatoes." 

"I have brought you some toast and tea; that is 
the best for sick people."- 

"I'm not sick now, I'm well; and I don't want 
tea." 

"Well I presume you are better, am! if you stay 
in bed to-day I think you will be able to go to 
school to-morrow. I was in hopes I could cure 
you." 

"I think I could go to school this afternoon," 

"No, you can't go to school to-day." 

"Can't I get up, either?" 

"Not now. Come, don't cry. Sit uj) an<l i;it 
your dinner." 

"I'm not crying, and I don't want any dinner. 
If I can't have some potatoes I won't have any- 
thing." 



"Very well." And Mrs. Lyle departed. 

That was more than poor Carl expected. He 
actually supposed he should get what he wanted. 
Not get any dinner! Why, he was so hungry it 
seemed as if he could eat anything. Finally, as 
he could think of nothing better to do, he began 
to cry in good earnest. After a while he called — 

"Aunt! aunt!" 

Mrs. Lyle came to the door. 

"What do you wish, Carl? " 

"I'm hungry; I want some dinner." 

"You said you wouldn't have any." 

"I said I wanted some potatoes." 

"And I told you you couldn't have them." 

"Well, what can I have?" said Carl desperately. 

"A biscuit, if you like." 

"Bring it to me, then." 

"That isn't the way to ask for it." 

"I don't care. I want it; I'm hungry." 

"When you ask politely, you can have it." And 
Mrs. Lyle threw open the blinds and sat down by 
the window with her sewing. 

Carl looked at her in amazement. It was a new 
experience for him. He waited awhile. At last 
his appetite began to get the better of his temper. 

"Will you please get me a biscuit?" 

Mrs. Lyle smiled. "Certainlj' I will," she said. 

Slie brought him one, which he devoured in 
haste. Then he was ready to talk. 

"I don't like you as well as I do Aunt Emma." 

"Why not?" 

" 'Cause you keep me in bed, and she never did." 

"But sick little boj^s ought to be kept in bed." 

"I'm not sick." 

"You were this morning." 

"I'm not now; and I wasn't sick enough this 
morning to go to bed." 

"Well, your disease was one that required prompt 
attention, else it might have proved serious." 

Carl's eyes opened very wide as he asked, some- 
what perplexed — 

"What disease? did you really tliink I was 
sick?" adding, as if a little ashamed, "I wasn't." 

"Oh j'cs, my dear; you liad the disease called 
'don't-want-to-go-to-schooll' It's very common 
among ciiildren, and is apt to cause a great deal of 
trouljlc unless it is cured as soon as it. makes its 
a])pearance." 

Carl looked straight out of the wimlow for a few 
minutes; then ho said, "if I'm cured, mayn't I get 
up and read?" 

"Well," said Mrs. Lyle, "perhaps you may, if you 
are cured." 

And Carl never had thai, disease again. 



i 




136 



CTTJ'VElIsril-.E IIsTSTI^TJOTOie/, 



GEORGE a> CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1883. 



EDITORIAL THOUG^HTS. 




ACH conference that we have seems 
better to those who have the Spirit of the 
Lord than any of its predecessors. It 
has been so in the annual conference 
which has just ended. The attendance 
was very large, people being present from 
all parts of the territory, and some even 
from regions outside of the territory, and 
"^ great interest was taken in the instruc- 
tions. No one could be present at those 
meetings who knew anything at all of the Spirit 
of the Lord without feeling its power. The 
Lord poured out His Holy Spirit in abundance 
upon those who spoke and upon the congrega- 
on. Much valuable instruction was given, which, 
remembered and carried into practical effect in 
le lives of the people, will have a beneficial eiFect 
pon Zion. 

The present seems a most favorable time for the 
preaching of the gospel. The madness that reigned about 
twelve months ago has subsided. A re-action has taken place. 
Reason has resumed its sway. Men will now listen with some 
degree of patience to our side of the question. The unreason- 
ing, blood-thirsty spirit that blended their minds and hardened 
their hearts and prompted them to do the most cruel things 
against the people of Utah has disappeared, and in its place 
a more tolerant, kindly feeling has appeared. The reports 
of the Elders from the Southern States show how much the 
feeling in this respect has changed there, and the same feeling 
prevails in other lands and among other nations. The Lord 
has said that He will soften the hearts of our enemies from 
time to time. He has done so at present. If indignation 
and wrath were to continue to burn against us, as was thfe case 
last year, the adversary would gain too much power, and we 
would be likely to fall victims to the blind rage of infuriated 
men. But God interposes and calms the angry elements, and 
we have a breathing time of peace. 

One of the greatest causes of thanksgiving during this 
conference was that this remarkable change has taken place. 
Every Latter-day Saint felt it and gave the glory to Him who 
is the Author of our salvation, and to whom we owe our pro- 
tection and safety. It is very wonderful to witness the growth 
of the Church of Christ in the midst of the opposition with 
which it has to contend. Every year gives it a firmer hold in 
the earth. Every season of persecution makes it more widely 
known. There is no system so widely advertized. There is 
no organization which attracts such attention. 

The efi'ectiveness of an organization depends very much 
upon its power to put its forces into the field. If it he an 
army, it is formidable in proportion to its power in this 
respect. So with an organization for peaceable purposes. In 
this respect we are superior to every other organization known 
among men. It is true that the Catholic priests have no wives 
nor children, and they devote themselves exclusively to the 



ministry. This makes the Catholic church a great power. 
But this feature in their system is confined to the priests 
alone, and they only form a small proportion of the church. 
But how different it is with our Church ! Every man of 
repute holds some portion of the Priesthood, and, if he has 
the right spirit, holds himself subject to call, and deems it a 
ijacred dutj' to do all in his power for the advancement of 
Zion. We have thousands of young men who hold the Priest- 
hood, and who, if called to go on missions, start without 
hesitation ; and they go without purse and scrip. They do not 
depend upon the Church for their support while preaching, 
neither do they ask or expect any salary to pay them for their 
time and trouble. They live upon that which they obtain in 
the countries and among the people to whom they are sent, 
and, if necessary, thousands of active men, ministers of the 
gospel, could be sent out in any direction at a few days' notice 
to accomplish any given mission. It is this feature in our 
organization which creates alarm. Men see its power, and 
believing that we are a wicked people, they dread its exercise, 
and think it dangerous. But this is because they are ignorant 
of our doctrines, of our motives and purposes. 

If the Latter-day Saints were to do wrong, and use the 
power which their system gives them for wrong purposes, 
they would soon fall to pieces. The organization can only 
exist as an effective instrument so long as its members are 
righteous. The world, therefore, have no cause to dread our 
Church. Its mission is to do good, to benefit mankind, to save 
society from the evils under which it groans, and which, if 
allowed to prevail, will destroy tho inhabitants of the earth. 
So far, if our history be traced, the Church has done nothing 
that has not been of benefit to its members and to the world 
at large. If the Church had full power, Utah would be free 
from crime, from vice of every kind, and from disorder. 
Peace, good order, and propriety would prevail in every part 
of the land. Life would be safe. Property would be safe. 
Litigation and strife would not exist. Men would not take 
advantage of their fellow-men. The strong would not prey 
upon the weak, nor the rich upon the poor. But the rights 
of every man, however humble or obscure, would be fully 
respected and maintained. 

This is the spirit of all the teachings of the Elders of this 
Church. This is the spirit which prevailed in our recent con- 
ference. Men who cherish that spirit cannot do serious wrong 
to their fellow-men. They cannot be wicked men. They 
cannot be unvirtuous men. They cannot he dishonest men. 
They cannot be oppressors of their fellow-men, for all these 
things are condemned by the spirit and teachings that the 
Latter-day Saints receive at every conference and every meet- 
ing for worship and instruction. 




Labor. — None so little enjoy life, and are such burdens to 
themselves, as those who have nothing to do. The active 
only have the true relish of life. He who knows not what it 
is to labor, knows not what it i.s to enjoy. Recreation is only 
valuable as it unbends us; the idle know nothing of it. It is 
exertion that renders rest delightful, and sleep sweet and 
undisturbed. That the happiness of life depends on the 
regular prosecution of some laudable purpose, or lawful call- 
iiig, which engages, helps, and enlivens all our powers, let 
those bear witness who, after spending years in active useful- 
ness, retire to enjoy themselves— they are a burden to them- 
selves. 





■•®€T, 



>JTJ^EITILE I:N"STI?.TJGT0I?.. 



137 




THE HUDSON RIVER. 



'T^HE Hudson River has been made memorable by the 
■*- scenes that occurred on its banks during the American 
revolution. Many of the points of interest during the struggle 
for independence are situated near this beautiful river. 

At West Point on its bank, fifty miles north of New York 
city, is located the United States Military Academy. This 
place was selected for a fortress during the revolution. The 
ruins of Fort Putnam, which was erected at that time, are to 
be seen at a little distance from this point. About ten miles 
down tlie river is Stony Point. Here is the site of an old 
fort which was taken by storm on the night of July 16, 1779, 
by General ff^ayne. The capturing of this fortress was con- 
sidered one of the greatest exploits during the war. 

Again, a few miles down the stream, is another place of 
note. Here lies the secluded 

spot where, during the wars '" 

for independence, Majors An- 
dre and Arnold met secretly to 
arrange their plans of treason, 
by which they intended to 
betray West Point into the 
hands of the British troops. 

Besides its historical con- 
nection with the scenes of the 
revolution, the Hudson is 
notable as being the first river 
upon which Robert Fulton 
launched his first practicable 
steam boat. This was in the 
year 1.S07. The vessel made 
its first trip between New York 
and Albany, a distance of one 
hundred and fifty miles. 

Fulton's first sicam-boat 
moved at the slow speed of 
five miles an hour. At that 
time this was considered a 
very rapid rate ; and indeed it 
was when compared to the 
slow movement of the vessels 
used in those days. The 
modern vessels that are in use 
on this river attain a speed of 
from twenty-three to twenty- 
four miles per hour. 

It is a fact worthy of ujetitinii 
that the vessels that now ply u\> and down the Hud.son are 
among the most handsome and the fastest river steamers to be 
found. 

The scenery along the banks of the Hudson is some of the 
finest in the world. The sights which meet the eye while 
going up or down the river are said to be the most beautiful 
and picturesque views that can be fcjund on any river in the 
country. 

At a place about sixty-one miles above New York city the 
river passes through what are called the highlands. Here it 
makes its way between steep blufi's which rise up from the 
shore to a distance of one thousand si.\ liun<lred feet. Below 
. this, and on the west side of the river, is a wall of rock from 
three to five hundred feet high. It statids almost perpen- 
dicular, and extends along the river a di.stauce of sotiic fifteen 




miles. This bluff, or wall, a view of which is given in the 
engraving, is called the palisades. 

The Hudson river receives its name from the first European 
who discovered it — Henry Hudson, an Englishman. 

This explorer, while in the employ of a company of London 
merchants, made two daring attempts to find a north-west 
passage to India. Both of these expeditions, however, proved 
to be unsuccessful. 

But this bold adventurer was not to be discouraged. In 
li'iO'.i he went to Holland and offered his services to the Dutch 
Ea-t India Company. His ofl'er was accepted, and on the 4th 
of April of the same year he set out on his third voyage of 
adventure. 

He reached the North Sea, but, on account of ice, was 
unable to proceed farther. He then duected his course west- 
ward, and finally anchored at the entrance of New York Bay. 
He exjilored the bay and entered the river which bears his 
_^ name. Hudson was delighted 

with the magnificent scenery 
that met his gaze on all sides. 
He described the land as being 
the "most beautiful in the 
world." He proceeded up 
this river as far as Albany and 
then returned and reported 
his discoveries to his employ- 
ers. They refused to con- 
tinue the search for a north- 
west passage any longer, so 
Hudson engaged himself to 
another London company, and 
set out on aoothei- voyage. 

This trip proved to be his 
last. He again reached the 
North Sea, and spent a winter 
of very severe privation. 

On his return the crew 
became mutinous. They put 
the daring navigator, with his 
son and a few sailors into an 
open boat and left them to 
perish. Nothing more was 
ever heard of the explorer or 
his companions. An expedi- 
tion was sent from England in 
search for him ; but no traces 
of his whereabouts or what 
his fate was could be found. 
Thus ended the life of one 
and courageous explorers of 



of the most 
America. 



persevering 



JrsTlPK. — If they which employ their labor and travail 
about the public administration of justice, follow it imly as 
a trade, with uniiuenchablc thirst of gain, being not in heart 
porsinided that ju.stice is (lod's own work, and themselves 
His ngcnt.s in this business — the .sentence, of right, (!od's 
(pwn verdict ; liirmalities of justice do hut serve to smother 
right ; and that whiidi wius necessarily urdaiiied for the com- 
mon good, is, through shameful abu.se, made the cause of 
common misery. 



^ 



'^vS>?),- 



m 




13S 



cr-u^^E^rXLE] iisrsTi^TJOTOie.. 




FORGES OF CIVILIZATION IN 

THE NINETEENTH 

CENTURY. 



BY J. H. W. 



HUMAN historj' should be a record of progress — a record 
of accumulating knowledge and increasing wisdom, of 
continual advancement from a lower to a higher platform of 
intelligence and well-being. Each generation should pass on 
to the next the treasures which it has inherited, beneficially 
modified by its own experience, and enlarged by the acquisi- 
tions which itself has gained. 

Sometimes the stream of human development seems to pause 
and the years seem to roll on without change. Yet this is 
only apparent. All the while there is a silent accumulation of 
forces, which at length burst forth in the violent overthrow of 
evils, which had been endured for generations. 

The nineteenth century, has witnessed progress beyond all 
precedent, for it has beheld the overthrow of the barriers that 
prevented progress. It has vindicated for all succeeding ages, 
the right of man to his own unimpeded development. The 
genius of the age has tended to the abolition of serfdom and 
slavery, and the up-lifting of the poor, the down-trodden and 
oppressed. Jlore than at all previous times it has seen the 
removal of artificial obstacles placed in the path of human 
progress by the selfishness and ignorance of the strong. 

At the opening of the nineteenth century, all Europe was 
occupied with war. From the North to the shores of the 
Mediterranean, from the confines of Asia to the Atlantic, men 
toiled to burn each other's cities, to waste each other's fields, 
and destroy each other's lives. In some places there was heard 
the shout of victory, in some the wail of defeat. The first 
twelve years of the century were spent by America in profound 
trancijuility. She looked from afar with a serene neutrality 
upon the furious efforts which the European nations were 
making to compass the ruin of each other. 

In process of time, England aud France, eagerly bent on 
mutual harm, adopted measures which nearly destroyed trans- 
Atlantic couimerce. American ships lay in unprofitable idle- 
ness ■. grass grew upon the untrodden wharfs of New York 
and Philadelphia. Moreover the high-handed British enforced 
a hateful claim to search American .^hips and take away any 
sailors suspected of being British subjects. 

These grievances might have been peacefully redressed ; but 
America and England were too angry to be reasonable. James 
jMadison was president at that time. He did not want to go to 
war, but. he desired to be elected president a second time. His 
friends who were eager for war informed him that unless he 
declared war he could not be re-elected. With closed doors 
the bill proposing war was discussed. It was passed in secret 
session, and on June 10th, 1812, President Madison affixed 
his signature, and i.«sued a proclamation declaring war against 
Great Britain. The principal Pjuropean powers, including 
England, were then engaged in a mighty struggle against 
Napoleon. England could spare scarcely three thousand men 
for the defense of her colonies. The British forces in Amer- 
ica were principally composed of Canadian V(jlunteers and 
militia. 

Then came a war of mingled success and disaster. The sur- 
render of Detroit, the disaster at Queengton Hights, the 
victory of Perry, the midnight struggle at Lundy's Lane, the 
capture of Washington, the terrible havoc at New Orleans — 
all these are too well known to need repetition here. After 



two years and a half of mutual injuries, a treaty of peace was 
signed in which nothing was said about the imprisonment of 
seamen ; but from that day to the present no American citizen 
has been imprisoned on board a British vessel. 

Then came an era of peaceful industrial progress without 
parallel in the annals of the human family. The forces of 
modern civilization began to work. 

North America was now divided into three great divisions, the 
United States, Canada and Mexico. For obvious reasons the 
United States has developed the most rapidly. The dominion 
of Canada is destined in process of years to become a power- 
ful empire. Its area is more than three million five hundred 
thousand square miles, which is more than that of the United 
States, and nearly equal to the whole of Europe, Most of 
this enormous region proves to be of marvelous fertility, pro- 
ducing in abundance nearly all the grains of temperate regions. 
Millions of acres are added annually to the area under cultiva- 
tion. The vast and magnificent region watered by the 
Saskatchewan and Assiniboine seems destined to become one of 
the granaries of the world. Quietly and peacefully, the 
dominion is growing in power and influence. The area of 
cultivated land is fast extending. Manufactures of all kinds 
are rapidly multiplying, and in ship-building and commerce 
she has already outstripped the great republic. In these 
respects, if considered separate from England, Canada now 
ranks the fourth power in the world. 

Recent developments indicate that Mexico has an important 
work to do in the economy of God. In the last few years she 
has made astonishing progress in the arts, sciences and social 
condition of her people. As an illustration one of her sons, 
the late President Juarez showed himself to be one of the most 
remarkable men that has lived on this continent during the 
present century. The population of North America in 1800, 
was scarcely more than ten millions, now it approaches seventy 
millions and increases in a ratio that defies calculation. Already 
it is the theater of some of the most important events in the 
world's history, and greater events still await the coming 
years. 

At the time that America commenced to be governed by the 
first written constitution that the world had ever seen, one of 
the great questions that was asked by the leading minds of the 
age as well as by the toiling millions of Europe was ; "'What 
will be the future of America, what the forces that will mould 
and fashi.jn it?" One of the.se was the common school. Here 
the future citizens met upon a level. Money and po.^ition in 
society counted nothing; merit won. A boy with a patch on 
each knee, his jacket in rags, who lived in a cabin, whose 
breakfiist was potato and salt, and whose supper was mush 
and milk, quite likely stood at the head of the class ; while 
the boy who wore good clothes and whose father was rich, 
pos.sibly found himself at the foot of the long line of spellers. 

From these schools many of the boys made their way through 
college, became teachers, ministers, lawyers, legislators and 
governors. The lessons there learned together with the 
instructions of honest, God fearing parents, laid the foundation 
of character and made them the pioneers of a new civilization. 

The education of the masses multiplied the number of 
thinkers. As a consequence, mechanical skill and invention is 
the peculiar growth of the present century and the United 
States in this regard ranks among the foremost nations of the 
world. 

From the creation of the world down to the middle of the 
last century, nearly all the work of the world had been done by 
the muscular labor of men or animals. 





-''SXs^ 



OTTJ-VEn^ILE IJ^STE/TJOTOI^. 



139 




But in England and America men were discovering that 
machinery might be made to do work of human hands. It 
was not until ITiU. that James Watt commenced his wonder- 
ful inventions, and ten years more elapsed before his engine 
was of any practical use. 

Meanwhile Hargreaves, Arkwright and Crompton had 
invented machines for the manufocture of cloth. In America 
there were lands well adapted for raising cotton, but owing to 
the difficulty nf extricating the seeds from the cotton, but 
little was used and that little was very expensive. In 1784, 
only eight bagfuls of cotton were exported from Savannah to 
England but when Eli Whitney invented the cotton-gin in 
1792, a great change took place. It was seen immediately 
that the machine would do the work of hundreds of men and 
a new industry and new product was given to the world. 
Inconsiderable as these inventions may seem, they changed the 
clothing mat«rial of the English-speaking people throughout 
the world. In a few years their costume so changed that they 
might be looked upon as belonging to a diiferent race and a 
different civilization. 

On August 27th, 17S7, while the National convention was 
at work at I'hiludelphia framing the constitution they were 
invited to behold a sight that the world had never seen. It 
was John Fitch gliding up stream in the first practical steam- 
boat ever constructed. In July, 1788, the boat made its first 
trip from Philadelphia up the river to Burlington — amid the 
cheering of crowds and the salvos of artillery. It continued 
to make trips during part of two years but never exceeded 
three miles an hour. As the machinery was imperfect and the 
running expensive, it was at length abandoned. 

Genius is far-sighted and prophetic. John Fitch looking 
into the future saw that the time would come when steamships 
would traverse the ocean, and glide to and fro upon the great 
rivers of the West. He went to Ohio to spend his last daj's, 
and when the shadow of death was upon him, he made this 
request, "Bury meon the banks of the ( )hio that I may be where 
the song of the boatmen and the music of the engines shall 
enliven the stillness of my resting place. ' ' Twenty years passed 
away before Fitch's idea was realized. At length Robert Fulton 
built the Clirmont in 18U7 and started up the Hudson river. 
The country ))eople knew not what to make of it. A Dutch- 
man shouted to his wife, "The devil is on his way up the river 
with a sawmill in a boat." Fulton had succeeded where others 
had failed. It was the beginning of a new era in navigation. 
In 1819, the Siivniniiih was the first steamboat to cross the 
Atlantic ocean. John Stevens of Hoboken, New Jersey 
appeared in 1812 before Congress with a plan for a railroad, 
Two years later, July 2.")th, 1814, George Stevenson of Eng- 
land completed and run Ihe Rocket, the first practical locomo- 
tive in the world, 

But it was not till September, Lsl'.'i, that the first railway for 
passengers was opened in England. Six /ears later railway 
trains were running in America. The improved facilities for 
traveling by means of 8t«aiu, have had a wonderful iiiHuenco 
upon society. A century ago human society was composed of 
a multitude of little communities, dwelling apart, mutually 
ignorant, and therefore, cherishing mutual antifialliies. I''acili- 
ties of travel brought together men of dillercnt towns and 
different countries. They learned how little there was, on 
either side, to hate, how much to love. Thus ancient prejudice 
was broken u|i by the fuller knowledge gained by thiscxteii<led 
ac'piaintaiice. I'eculiaritics of diaK;ct and manners grew 
indistiiK't, and errors of opinion were correlated by frieniily cxjm- 
flict of mind. 



^^_ 



In 1832, Samuel F. B. Morse, conceived the idea of the 
electric telegraph, and in 1837, Congress granted him thirty 
thousand dollars to aid his great enterprise. In 1844, Pro- 
fessor Morse sent his first message over the world's first electric 
telegraph. The words were, "What hath God wrought!" 
Thus it was found that the same mysterious and terrible power 
which flashes out in the midnight storm was ready to convey 
across continents and seas the messages of man. This use of 
electricity is of peculiar interest. It is the first invention which 
is apparently final. In the race of improvement all other inven- 
tions and instrumentalities may be superceded. But what 
agency for conveying intelligence can ever excel that which is 
instantaneous'.'' It would seem that here, for the first time, the 
human mind has reached the utmost limits of its progress. 

From the time of its first invention to the year 1814, scarcely 
any improvement had been made on the i^rinting press. A 
rude machine, printing at its best scarcely l.")0 copies per hour, 
was still universally in use. Now we have machines that print 
2.3,000 copies per hour; books and papers have greatly 
cheapened in consequence. Such were some of the forces at 
work upon society during the first half of the nineteenth 
century. 

But while mankind had progressed in science they had 
remained stationary in religion ; and how could it be otherwise'? 
Inventicm and discovery are but the unfolding of the laws, 
attributes and objects of nature to man's limited understanding 
— the action of the divine will on the minds of men. When 
God revealed nature's laws, luan progressed scientifically: until 
God revealed religious truth man groped in spiritual darkness. 
The intellectual light of that age only made to observing 
minds, their spiritual night more palpable ; even as a candle 
shining in the night only intensifies the surrounding gloom. 
Many leading minds perceived somewhat, the errors of the 
times, and sought to bring about reform in various ways. These 
attempts brought forth discussion and division. The disinte- 
gration which had commenced in the days of Luther, now 
worked with unexampled rapidity, until the various so-called 
Christian sects numbered more than six hundred, each tena- 
cious of its own ideas, and bitterly denouncing all the 
others. 

None of these jarring sects ever had divine authority; in 
fact, they denied the possibility of revelation from God. Even 
admitting their claims, their creeds are only the crystalized ideas 
of the leading men of the age that gave them birth. For 
example, Rome depended not upon revelation, nor even upon 
the letter of the scriptures, but upon the tradition 
of the fathers. In other words, the ride of faith, in the church 
of Rome was the conflicting opinions of men — often ill-informed 
and superstitious — who lived between the great apostasy and 
the time of Luther. 

Sii again, the creed of Lutherism is only the best ideas of 
men who lived in Cctitral Muropc three hundred and fifty years 
ago. In like manner, I'rcsbytcrianism is the rclle.\ of the stern 
and rugged character of the Scotch in the 17th century. So 
also .Methodism and Quakerism are the prmlucts of zealous 
English refiirmcrs in the 17th and ISth centuries. All of the 
religions that existed in America at the begimiing of tliis cen- 
tury, were the outgrowth of Funipcan thought. They were 
systems that had been transplanted from foreign lands, by no 
means adapted to the progressive ideas that prevail on this 
continent. 

Humanly speaking, it was time to establish a religiiui. which 
sliiiiiid harmonize with the circumstances and age in which we 
live. Divinely speaking, man liad become so developed and 



H 



m 




©'- 



I 



140 



CTTJATEItTILEl I^rSTI^TJGTOI^. 




disciplined that he could receive the gospel. It was the Lord's 
due time to again reveal His will and set up His kingdom upon 
the earth. 

Not onlj' was the age peculiar, but likewise the land in which 
this work was to be accomplished. The governments of 
European countries were all committed to some particular 
creed, some peculiar form of religious worship. But in Amer- 
ica there was no established religion. All were free to accept 
or reject the truth untrammelled by the arbitrary requirements 
of the civil law. 

The instrumentalities used for the establishment of this work 
were very peculiar. No hoary-headed philosopher, full of 
*' worldly wisdom; no crafty politician, zealous for a party or sect; 
no profound doctor of divinity, deeply versed in antiquarian 
lore, was appointed to do this work. No ! A pure and 
ingenious youth, who had spent the few years of his mortal 
life in the quiet and peaceful avocations of agricultural life — a 
youth who had not yet drunk in the poison of man's theology 
— such was the instrument chosen by the Almighty for the 
execution of His purposes. 

The sublime and tragic history of Joseph Smith is too well 
known to need repetition here. A few leading facts will suffice. 
Joseph Smith was born December 23rd, 18U5, at Sharon, 
Windsor Co. , Vt. He received his first vision on the morning 
of a beautiful, clear day, early in the Spring of 1820. 
Joseph was then a little more than fourteen years of age. Three 
years and a half passed away, when he received his second 
vision. It was September 21st, 182.3; he had retired to rest 
when the divine messenger made his appearance. During the 
night the angel appeared three times to Joseph, and imme- 
diately after, the dawn approached ; so that their interviews 
must have occupied the whole of that night. Thrice had 
the angel descended, and thrice had he ascended, with all 
the circumstances of reality. There is something grand 
in the very simplicity of the narrative of Josejih and all the 
more impressive when we consider his mental and physical 
characteristics— a man of lofty stature and giant mind. He 
dwelt in the very glare and illumination of a spiritual existence, 
and yet was the founder, organizer and leader of a latter-day 
Israel. Not more real was Jacob's angel with whom he wrestled 
all night, than were the angels of our times to Joseph. Then 
he commenced a life of toil and persecution — toil in the service 
of his divine Master, persecution from the enemy of all 

good. 

We can only understand the life and character of Joseph 
Smith, when we consider the peculiar wants of the present age. 
Never was there a time in the history of the race when learning 
and general intelligence were so well diffused as at the present. 
The press is throwing off continually its millions of printed 
pages which are scattered broadcast, as the leaves of 
autumn. 

Never was there a time of more intense activity. Who can 
pass through the crowded streets of our cities, listen to the 
throbbing of the steam engine, the hum of machinery, gaze at 
the vast trains that are driven with fire and vapor along our 
railways, or view those magnificent structures that cross the 
mighty deep without feeling that this is an earnest age? 

Now this earnest, active, thinking age, demands a religion 
that has life and power in it. Not a religion of cold formality 
and narrow sectarianism, but a religion that will sati.sfy the 
intelligent with its truths, and touch the heart with its love, 
and sway the will with its persuasiveness, and gratify the taste 
with its beauties, and fill the imagination with its sublimities. 
A religion is wanted that will enlist upon its side the whole 



nature of man and command his willing and devoted homage; 
a religion, that, bearing the full impress of its Author's image, 
shall carry its own credentials with it, and which, clothed with 
all the elements of truth and righteousness, beauty and 
grandeur, of love and power, shall be revered by all those who 
love the truth, and dreaded by all who love it not. 

It is evident to every thinking mind that the strife and con- 
fusion and babel of the six hundred jarring sects of Christen- 
dom can not do this. Their half-deserted cathedrals'and cold, 
formal ceremonies, as well as the triumphant march of infidelity 
and crime, attest the fact, that they have lost their hold on the 
masses of men. 

As in the days of old the Lord renewed his communications 
with man through the dutiful and obedient Samuel ; so in this 
age he spake to the youthful Joseph. And how did Joseph 
accomplish so much in so short a time'? Simply because he 
entered into his work with his whole heart. He allowed no infer- 
ior object to weaken his interest or divide his attention, and he 
continually sought the inspiration of the Almighty, who came to 
his aid and enabled him to accomplish in the short space of a 
few years the mightiest work that any man has wrought since 
the Savior was upon the earth. After an active and self sacri- 
ficing life of nearly thirty-nine years, he was brutally murdered 
by a mob June 2Tth, 1844. 

Thus lived, suffered, toiled, and died, the martyr-prophet of 
the nineteenth century. Thus flashed athwart the spiritual dark- 
ness of his age, the light of the latter days. Even as in days 
of old the light shone in the darkness and the darkness com- 
prehended it not. Contemplating his death the mind instinc- 
tively reverts to that scene, when the Savior suffered on Cal- 
vary, eighteen hundred years ago. Across the ages stride the 
footprints of the self-same spirit. Unconsciously are associated 
the death of the Reedemer and the matyrdom of His servant. 
Already the principles enunciated by Joseph Smith, have 
shaken the religious world from center to circumference. The 
ignorant may effect to scorn, yet the day is nigh, when America 
will be proud of her prophet son. 



A ORRMAN FUNERAL. 



BY JAQUCEE. 



THE condition, worldly surroundings, customs and observ- 
ances of the citizens of Utah and, more or less, of the 
whole United States, are so different from those of the inhabit- 
ants of the older, yet in some respects less advanced, portions 
of the world, that our children, born and reared in the moun- 
tains, have very little idea of what their fellow-beings on the 
other side of the globe do for their amusement, instruction or 
support. The children, perhaps, of those who have them- 
selves gathered out of the European countries, may have 
heard from the lips of their fiithers and mothers something of 
the manners prevailing and of the daily requirements of them 
when they were boys and girls ; but even this, I often think, 
is infrequent, and I take it as a general rule, that unless the 
children themselves were foreign born and old enough toob.serve 
their earlier lives and compare them with those to which they 
so soon became accustomed in the great west, they know very 
Httle of the difference between the habits prevailing on the 
opposite sides of the Atlantic. 

The young Elders of the Latter-day Saints who go abroad 
to proclaim the gospel, and especially those of American par- 



1-$) 

m 



m 




J'TJ"^ElNriX_,E I3^STI?.TJGTOI?.. 



141 




^ 



entage and who have never seen the outside of the grand old 
mountains which wall in their peaceful homes, are therefore, 
much astonished almost every day during their missionary 
experience at the strange sights and customs which meet their 
attention on every hand, of which, although they may have 
thought themselves pretty well read in the current literature 
of the day, they find themselves to be in total ignorance. 
Such, at least, have been my impressions, and as I have been 
at many of the new scenes, no less interested and instructed 
than amused, I have long had it in mind to present to the 
readers of the Juvenile some of the points which struck me 
as being peculiar, in the hope that a comparison with our own 
mode may not be without value ; that an acquaintance with 
the doings and ways of others will enable our children better 
to understand and appreciate their own, and especially that 
those who may think their life in the valleys of Utah hum- 
drum and monotonous, and are possessed of a longing for 
scenes of greater activity and bustle, such as are only to be 
found in the large and older cities and countries, may see how 
blessed they are in being inhabitants of a land of freedom, 
where no irksome and oppressive laws and no long catalogue 
of taxes, direct and indirect, exist, where no blind obedience 
to the silly whims of those who hold a civil office is required, 
and where plenty and peace smile from every village in the 
land instead of the stare of hollow want and the feverish 
dread that at any moment war with all its attendant horrors 
may be precipitated upon them. 

Yet I realize how usually fruitless is the endeavor to dis- 
suade youth from the following of its own inclinations; for 
even as is said to be the case with love, that the object of affec- 
tion has nothing but charms and grace and virtues in the eyes of 
the adorer, so in the case of the hopes and anticipations of 
travel, no amount of picturing the dark side of life in the 
world will have the effect to change or weaken the desire of 
seeing it for one's self Who, for example, ever heard of a 
boy being frightened out of his desire to go to sea, by stories 
of how high the waves ran in an equinoctial gale, or how hard 
the lot is of a man before the mast? The average boy must 
try the.'e things for him.self, and it seems to be, and undoubtedly 
is, a wise provision of providence which makes us unsatisfied 
to accept for granted all that others tell us, and which causes 
us to desire to make the discovery and pass through the 
experience for ourselves. 

Happy is he who can profit by this experience; who can 
"Prove all things and hold fast to that which is good." So, 
with regard to travel in the world, from many aspects it is 
desirable; it is the greatest educator, usually brings one to a 
realization of blessings which he has never before recognized 
as peculiar to him or his part of the globe, and it impresses 
the prayerful and religious mind with a sense of the power 
and infinitude of the creations and mercies of God. But the 
disposition to fly from those "evils wo have to others which 
we know not of" is a failing in human nature; and it is 
against the growth or oven birth of thai failing that all writers 
for children should seek if possible to do battle. 

But I never thought, when I commenced, that I would be 
led into so much of a moralizing introduction. That I am no 
adept at book-making will be seen from the fact that I only 
make one jump from a f>refac'! to a conclusion, and I iinagino 
I can hear the criticism from HOin(! of the sharp-wilted of my 
readers, "A (Jerman I''uiicral! That is u . inious suljecl with 
which to begin a Hcrics of articles; we would have thought it 
more proper to conclude with." >Jomo other reader, one 
perhaps older and better read, will remark, "u (Jcrmnn funeral 



can't be much different from any other funeral, except that 
what is said is spoken in German ; for when a person is dead 
he is simply buried or burned or embalmed, as the case may 
be, and with these things we have already, through the 
In.<!TRUCTOR, been made acquainted." Still another reader, 
and perhaps this time a timid little girl, will say she don't like 
to read about funerals, it always makes her nervous, and she 
would rather hear an interesting story of some good queen or 
princess, or a nice piece of poetry. Unfortunately it is 
impossible to please all readers with the same article, as much 
so as to please all palates with the same dish ; so, while I 
hope some readers will be amused or interested, the two smart 
ones will have to excuse my inappropriate choice of subject, 
the learned ones will have to pardon my ignorance, and the 
nervous ones will have to patiently look to other contributors 
for the nice stories and poems. 

We will, for purposes of convenience of expression, con- 
sider all the proceedings from the moment of death till the 
return from the interment of the corpse, as funeral services, 
and may, therefore, begin our account where the spirit leaves 
the body. The scene is always a sorrowful one, and the 
heart-broken sobs of the bereaved family and relatives are 
almost enough in the outset to discourage one from the futher 
prosecution of an inquiry or observation into so mournful a 
subject. 

Certain stern regulations have to be at once complied with, 
and if there are no relatives or near friends to attend to the 
necessary business, some member of the immediate family 
must promptly do so. The first thing to be done is to give 
notice of the death, at the police headquarters, where a blank 
form is filled out with the name, employment, age and resi- 
dence of the deceased. This form then has to be taken to 
the doctor who attended the case for his signature, as an 
acknowledgement that death ensued from natural causes. If 
no doctor attended the patient in his last sickness, and none 
can begot afterwards who, fi'om the appearance of the corpse 
and what he can hear from the family, will place his signature 
to this paper, a post mortem examination must be held to 
satisfy the public, and especially the police, that no unfair 
means had been employed. So accommodating a doctor can, 
however, usually be found if the family are in such financial 
circumstances as to be able to pay him well for his trouble. 
Having received his certificate, the jiolicc headquarters are 
again visited, and this time, all beinir satisfactory, the name 
of the deceased is stricken from the lists. From there the 
certificate has to be taken to those civil olVn'crs who attend to 
the state records, that is the recording of the birth, marriage 
and death of every citizen in the empire. 

The ecclesiastical part of the preparations may now begin, 
and the representative of the family bi'takes hinisell', with his 
completely filed and authenticated form, to the warden of the 
particular church of which the deceased was a member, and 
makes application for a burial spot in the churchyard, also 
for a preacher if it is desired to have one. The furtii.shing of 
the cdlfin, hearse and carriages for the mourners is by private 
firms, and one can either have these first, second or third 
class, according to his means. In all cases, though, they 
must be of the same grade as the grave which has been 
ordered. For instance, if the frugal relative wore to order a 
third da.ss grave (and really a thinl class one is the same as a 
first (riasa one, except that in does not cost .so much) and then 
should arrive at the cemetery with first class ciillin and <'arria!;es, 
u controversy would ut oiico arise, and the burial Would in all 



'M 




'''^^sy 



14rS 



J-U'V^EH^ILEl IISrSTI^TJOTOIE^. 




likelihood be prevented until the demands of the injured grave 
digger could be satisfied. 

No corpse is allowed to be interred until three days after 
death, or rather until three nights have passed. This being 
the law, it is not possible in all cases to maintain the body in 
that state of preservation which is desirable, and hence a 
house is provided in each church-yard whither the body can 
be conveyed, indeed immediately after death if the bereaved, 
by reason of their limited room and large family, cannot 
retain it at home. 

In many instances, especially among the poorer classes, as 
soon as sickness enters the family the afflicted one is taken to 
the hospital, where he is eared for at the public expense. In 
case, however, he dies there, and it is the wijh of the family 
to bury him at their own expense, a certain amount must be 
paid the managers of the institution, and they will then send 
the body, all ready coifiaed, either to the home or to this 
morgue in the cemetery. The cynical call this "buying the 
corpses" of their dead friends. 

The funeral proper either takes place from the residence, if 
the body is there, or from the morgue. In the former case, 
the friends assemble at the stated time, take a last look at 
their deceased associate, and then the coffin is closed, carried 
to the hearse, and the mourners in carriages and on foot fol- 
low it to the cemetry, where, if a preacher has been hired for 
the occasion, the religious services are held. When the 
coffio is laid across the open grave, the minister takes his 
stand at the head of it, and delivers a short discourse on the 
merits of the deceased, warning the hearers that they should 
prepare themselves for the same solemn termination of Hfe, 
which is the lot of all mankind. If any of the assemblage 
can sing or if a band has been employed, the coffin is lowered 
into the grave to the sound of music, and then the minister 
with a little implement which the grave digger hands to him, 
throws three spadefuls of dirt upon the coffin with the words, 
"dust thou wert, dust thou art, and todust thou must return." 
The relatives do likewise, and then the filling of the grave is 
proceeded with, and the company disperse. If no preacher 
is present there is no sermon and no prayer, the body is 
merely committed to the earth, and the grave-digger himself 
utters the above words as he throws in the first three shovel- 
fuls of dirt. 

This is the Protestant method. The Catholic is not much 
different except that the priest utters some of his prayers in 
Latin, and the boys who accompany him swing over the grave 
bowls containing certain herbs, which as they burn, give a 
pale blue smoke and a peculiar odor. 

In most of the factories or workshops, and in nearly every 
tradesmen's association, is a fund for the benefit of the family 
of the workmen in case of death. To be entitled to this 
assistance, the employees pay a small amount every month or 
every quarter, from which they receive no assistance as long 
as they live, but at their death the funeral expenses will be 
boroe by the association and their widows will receive a certain 
and sometimes pretty large sum of money. In many families, 
as both the father and the mother are in employment, both, 
it frequently happens, are members of these societies, and, 
therefore, the husband can receive this "insurance" money 
upon the death of hi* wife as well as the wife can upon the 
death of her husband. Indeed an actual instance lately 
occurred where the bereaved father of the family not only had 
the expenses attending the burial of his deceased wife paid 
by her society, but he also reoieved the day after her burial a 
check for one thousand dollars. 



As soon as it is known in the factory that one of the work- 
men is dead, all is expectation and curiosity among his com- 
rades to know when, where and how the funeral is to be con- 
ducted, for, so far from giving away to a paroxysm of grief, 
the most of them appear to contemplate the event with some 
pleasure. A few leading fellow-workmen of the deceased 
take the matter in hand, and a half holiday is usually granted 
them to attend the ceremony. 

A friend of mine, a foreman in a large funiture shop, tells 
me how the preliminaries are conducted in his establishment, 
and one example will suffice for them all. Besides the neces- 
sary expenses which the association will pay, is one item for 
a band of music. This costs ten dollars, and it is a matter for 
the widow to decide whether she will take the money or the 
music. In most instances she shows her contempt for "stingi- 
ness," and a desire to do her trifle to administer to the pleas- 
ure of the mourners, by spurning the profered filthy lucre 
and insisting upon the band. 

The friends all devoutly follow their deceased comrade, 
marching to solemn strains till the cemetery is reached, where 
the usual ceremony takes place. The body is no sooner disposed 
of and the homeward march commenced than a galloping 
air is struck up, and the cortege is scarcely out of the church- 
yard gates before the question is heard, "now where shall we 
go?" 

Such a locality is always well provided with beer gardens, 
restaurants, and dancing halls, where the deeply bowed down 
friends may go and refresh themselves after the trying ordeal 
through which they have just passed, and it is with regard to 
which particular establishment shall be patronized that the 
foregoing question is asked. It must look ridiculous as one 
leaves the gloomy walls of the city of the dead, to see fat 
landlords and pretty waitresses standing in their respective 
doors beckoning him to come to their particular house, with 
the words "here is good beer, cheap and cool, and a fine 
dancing floor which won't cost you a cent," etc. 

After an animated discussion among the mourners upon the 
merits of the respective establishments, one is agreed upon, 
and in front of that the whole procession, with the exception 
perhaps of the widow and children, call a halt, alight from 
the carriages, send the drivers about their business and then, 
led by the gay musicians, file into the saloon or garden where 
festivities begin. The band has been paid for a half day's 
services, so after the usual "wetting of their whistles," the 
performers strike up dancing tunes and the whole party indulge 
in that recreation till far into the night, when few of the so 
lately sorrowing and disconsolate mourners are in so .sober a 
state as to be able to get home alone. 

It would therefore seem that the only points of difi'erence 
between the celebrated Irish "wake" and the customary Ger- 
man funeral is that at the latter beer in tremendous quantities 
is drunk after the burial, while at the former whiskey is pro- 
duced and drunk before it. 

If a policeman dies, the particular squad to which he 
belonged attend the exercises in the body and all of them 
who are happy enough to get free from duty for the after- 
noon, for once think themselves no better than anybody else, 
throw off all their austerity of manner and settle down to real 
enjoyment. The procession which conveys the last remains of 
a fireman or postman to his final resting place, is a very impres- 
sive and spectacular one. Unfortunately the most of them 
have, however, the same inappropriate termination. 

The churchyards, most of them, are really beautiful places. 
The tombstones and monuments of the rich are of magnifi- 



i 



«JTJ'VEnNriI_,E I"2^STI?.TJOTOI?>. 



143 




cent design and costly worknaanship, but the principal feature 
of beauty is in the observance by all, poor as well as rich, of 
the cultivation of flowers, and the decorating of the graves 
with evergreens, wreaths, crosses, anchors and indeed every- 
thing that the floral kingdom can produce to help take away 
the sadness and gloom. I have been in many cemeteries in 
various parts of the empire and I do not remember having seen 
more than two or three graves during the whole time which 
showed any evidences of neglect. Whether the remaining 
relatives endeavor to keep alive the memory of their departed 
ones or not, it cannot be denied that they .spare no eSbrt and 
no trouble and no expense to keep their final resting-places 
green. 



DESERET S. S. UNION MEETINGT. 



nPHE regular meeting of the Union was held on Monday 
-»■ evening, April 2Qd, 1883, in the Salt Lake Assembly 
Hall. Gen. Supt. George Q. Cannon, being too sick to attend, 
the meeting was presided over by Assistant Gen. Supt. 
George Goddard. 

The musical exercises of the evening were excellently ren- 
dered by the ITth Ward Sunday school, led by Brother John 
S. Lewis; and by the martial bands of the fith and lOth 
Wards, combined. Prayer was ofiered by Elder T. E. 
Taylor. 

Minutes of the previous meeting were read and approved. 

Supt. James Dwyer was pleased to represent the ITth Ward 
Sunday school. The school consisted of 26 oflicers and 
teachers, and 237 pupils; total 263, with an average attend- 
ance of over 200. The library contained 381 volumes. There 
were three theological classes ; also a primary class of nearly 
70 young children which was taught in an interesting manner 
by two young ladies. Church works were the only books used 
in the classes. They began imntually at 10, and dismissed at 
half past 11 o'clock a. m. They had no school choir, the 
singing being done in concert by all the children. Instead of 
prizes and rewards being offered as inducements to the chilaren, 
the officers and teachers endeavored to make the school inter- 
esting and attractive, so that the children would love to 
attend. They had adopted the (juestion system with success, 
as it led the scholars to think about and study the subjects 
given them, during the week. The school was increasing in 
numbers and was in as good or better condition than ever 
before. 

Miss Minnie Felt sang, "Let us treat each other kindly," 
the school joining in the chorus. 

Supt. (joddard announced that Stake Supt. David John, 
who had bejn appointed to give the usual lecture was not able 
to be present. 

Elder John Nicliolson, having been requested to do so, gave 
an explanation of his method of teaching a class of young 
men how to acquire a knowledge of and the ability to preach 
the principles of the gospel. He first gave to each pupil a 
list of passages of the scriptures, which ihcy cut out of cheap 
editions of the Bible and pasted in a scrap book under appro- 
priate headings, for ready reference. The pupils were rei|uired 
to carefully study these passages, with others of their own 
finding, ami the doctrines they inculcated. Kliler Nicholson 
then forinulal*^] a number of positioiin generally taken by 
sectarian religionists, that (he pupils might have sonic points 
to which to speak. These proposition.s, to begin with, were 



five in number. The first meeting of the class was occupied by 
the teacher explaining how each sectarian proposition could 
be overturned by scripture and sound reason. Then each 
pupil was given one of these propositions-to speak upon until 
each had spoken on the whole five. After two or three meet- 
ings, the progress was so marked that the teacher had to limit 
the pupils to fifteen minutes upon each point. After each 
pupil had gone through the five propositions the teacher 
reviewed the whole, explaining how, by the aid of the Spirit 
of the Lord, a discourse on the first principles of the gospel 
could be delivered. After thiseach pupil was allowed half au hour 
to speak upon the information he had attained by this process, 
the class being engaged in that part of the programme at pre- 
sent. The result was exceedingly satisfactory. Elder Nichol- 
son stated that he had consented to give the explanation in 
the hope that if the method was meritorious it might be 
adopted by others and good be the result, by the more 
thorough preparation of our young Elders to preach the gospel 
when they were sent to the nations for that purpose. With 
the same view and with some reluctance. Brother James H. 
Anderson, one of the foremost of his pupils, had consented 
to deliver before the meeting an address on the first principles 
of the gospel, as a practical illustration of the efficiency of the 
method. 

Brother Anderson then delivered a ver.v clear and interest- 
ing discourse on the subject already named, occupying about 
half an hour in its delivery. 

Supt. Goddard sang a song, written by Sister H. Cornaby, 
entitled. "Who is on the Lord's side?" 

Elder Chas. B. Felt, of the 17th Ward Sunday .school, with 
his class of boys, gave a practical and interesting illustration 
of his method of teaching. The class in concert and with 
much readiness recited the articles of our faith, as given by 
the Prophet Joseph Smith, and also passages from the Bible 
to show that they were all sustained by .scripture. 

Supt. Goddard announced a concert to be given by Brother 
Stephens' music class, in the Assembly Hall, partly for the 
benefit of the Sunday School LTaion. He &ho acknowledged 
reciept of liberal contributions of Church publications for our 
missions in the States. 

Adjourned till the next Friday evening, April 6th, at the 
same place. 

Benediction by Elder James G. Bleak. 



Good-breeding — Some young people do not sufliiciently 
understand the advantages of natural charms, and how much 
they would gain by trusting to themselves entirely. They 
weaken these gifts of heaven, so rare and fragile, by affected 
manners and an awkward imitation. Their tones and their 
gait are borrowed ; they study their attitudes before the glass 
until they have lost all trace of natural manner, and, with all 
their pains, they iileasc but little. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 7, is Scot. Wo 
have received correct solutions from Nancy H. Hunt, St. 
Charles; Sarah K. Ilydc, Spring City; I'llizaboth A. .Mum. 
ford, llerriuian; Klizabeth Clarke, Newton; .1. F 
Pickering, Nephi Savage, Pay.son ; Elizabeth Hrown, 
Ilarrisvillc ; Alliert ("iirtis, Ijogan ; A. E. Brewer, Lovina 1*1. 
Brewer, llctini'liT ; !^Iartha J. llasleni, .). K. Ilaslcm, Cat] 
l^assett, Salt J^ake City. 






.t^k 




144: 



J-U ATEHtTILE in^STI?.TJOTOI?.. 




THE "MORMON" MISSIONARIES' FAREWELL 



Music by A. C. S. 



Semplke e piano. 






-* — *- 



:3=q==1- 



--^^= 






mm 



Fare - well, our friends and brpth-ren, Here take the part-ing hand; We 



ZSZ.1 



-m—m — «- 






zM—9 fcr 






^ • 



Hi 1 H 









-1V=1~ 



*-*-»! — *- 






If^a—S^ 



W=S« 



:*__^_ 



d: . 1 



:S:SrS^r?-.=^=:?:— S-r 



ifi^=S: 



-m--m- -m- ^ 



«=^^ 



_ -•-•-w w J — « — w — « — ^ — •— • — « » I — H^ ^— ^ — -' — •—•—•-—• — J 




=1^ 



;5n*z 



:S*=i= 



:^=:^= 



:=1t 



:^- 



*i- 



-^ — m- 



::^=S= 



— I- 



:5's 



go to preach the gos - pel In ever - y for-eign land. 



^—^- 



=P=1 



It- 



Fare - well our wives and chil - dren, Who 



$=i;" 



5*^^= 



-« — « — *- 



-^-^—* — * — 



it-^=^r 



-p=i^ 






-9-^-9- 



i^ 



-*—*- 



-=:^_f:z^ 



^^- 






^^ 






««' ^ 






=t32. 



^d^r^Az. 



q=pr-zpi:^e:nB^rzq=?=« ^r^^l^rz-jz::] 
Z" — !• — « — 1^ — I — •- w — • — • — ^ 



^ 






mm. 



_^_„_ 



==1: 



:iS=«: 



-=^ 



ren-der life so sweet; Dry up your tears — be faith - ful Till we -a - gaiu shall meet. 



:p=q=*=ff: 



ll 



— tri 



~qi::22i 



«.=i— 



:E^d^ 









^; 



-»!—*- 



::^ 



-9-&-9- 



Pr^P^^ES:^-j=:^tt=c=i^?itz?^-S=:S:-S:±Sr3=*^»=g- 



-^-»-^- 







Farewell, ye scenes of childhood, 

And fancies of our youth; 
We go to combat error 

With evei-lastiug truth. 
Farewell, all carnal pleasures, 

Which gild the scenes of mirth ; 
Your days are surely num' ered 

To trouble man on earth. 



Farewell, farewell our country ; 

Our home is now abroad. 
To labor in the vineyard. 

In righteousness for God. 
The gallant ships are ready 

To bear us o'er the sea, 
To gather up the blessed, 

That Zion may be free. 






