
VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 6, 1875. 



NO. 5. 



Cr O -i^ ItT OF J^IRO. 




CHARLES VII., surnnmed the "Vict(M-ious," was twent.v 
years old when his father died. He was proclaimed king- 
by the princes who formed his little court, and was crowned at 
Poictiers — Rheims, being in possession of the English. In 
1428, the city of Orleans alone remained to him, and the 
English now laid siege to it. 

Charles considered the loss 
of Orleans as certain, and was 
about to leave the country. 
His fortunes were altered by 
one of the most singular occur- 
rences in history — the ajipear- 
ance of Joan of Arc, called also, 
the Maid of Orleans. 

The girl was the daughter 
of poor peasants, who lived at 
Dom Remy, near the river 
Mouse. From her childhood 
she had been tiiught to hate 
the English ou account of the 
desolation they had spread 
over the country. The terrible 
scenes she heard described 
made a deep impression on 
her, and she dreamed of them 
by night. Before she was 
thirteen she fiincied she saw 
visions, aid talked with angels, 
who assured her that she was 
the appointed deliverer of her 
country. 

She served at a small inn, 
where she took care of the 
horses and performed other 
manual labor. She thus gained 
great bodily strength, could 
ride without a saddle, and was 
expert in many exercises. 

When she was seventeen, she went to the king, and offered 
to deliver Orleans, then besieged by the English, and to 
conduct him to Rheims, to be crowned. 

The courtiers thought her crazy. Charle.s, either because 
there was nothing to lose by the experiment, or because he 
believed her inspired, granted her request to be given armor, 
and sent with an escort of troops to Orleans. 




She was dres.sed in full armor, and mounted upon a charger; 
in her hand she carried a banner, .sent, she said, from heaven. 
Her fame had gone before her. The English soldiers were 
seized with a dread of fighting against Heaven. She and her 
escort were allowed to pass unharmed through the English 
camp, and to enter Orleans. There she was received as a 

celestial deliverer. Things 
were now completel}' changed. 
Wherever she led the attack, 
the enemy threw down their 
arms and fled. So many desert- 
ed from the English army, 
that a proclamation was issued 
offering a reward for the arrest 
of every soldier who deserted 
' 'for fear of the maj'de. " Still 
the panic went on; the EngUsh 
general, Lord Talbot, was 
obliged to raise the siege. The 
regent, Bedford, collected an- 
other army, and sent it, under 
the command of Sir John 
Falstaff, to the assistance of 
Talbot. The French marched 
against the united forces. The 
Engli.sh fled at the first onset. 
Sir John Falstaff", a man of 
tried courage, did not escape 
the general infection. He set 
the example of flight, and ior 
his cowardice was deprived of 
all the honors that a long Hie 
of service had gained for him. 
The maid now offered to per- 
form the second part of her 
mission, the accomplishment of 
which seems to be beyond 
belief. 

Rheims was at a distance, and in the hands of a powerful body 
of the enemy. The way was guarded by several strong 
fortresses, and Charles had few soldiers. But the king, yielding 
to the miportunity ..f Joan of Arc, set out on the journey. 

His progress was a .'iucocss. The towns submitted to him, 
and on reaching Rheims, he was met by a dejiutation of the 
citizens, who presented the keys of the city. Here 





50 



G-TJ^EIsriXjEl in^STI^TJCTOI^, 




eouscei-ation was performed with the holy oil of Clovis, Joan 
stood by, in complete armor, her standard in her hand. When 
the ceremony was over, she begged the king to let her return 
to private life, -now that her promises were accomplished. 

But Charles would not permit this. He ennobled her 
family, giving it the name of "da Lys" in allusion to the 
lilies on her banner, and assigned her an estate in land. But 
he desired her to remain with the army until the English were 
driven out of France. 

The French officers were jealous of her fame, and ashamed 
■that a woman should perform greater exploits than they. In 
a sally from the town of Compeiene she was deserted by her 
comjjanions, who fled into the town at the approach of the 
enemy, and shutting the gates, refused to admit her. 

She fell into the hands of the Duke of Burgundy, who sold 
her to the regent. Bedford, for a large sum. By the laws of 
honor and humanity Joan should have be»n treated as a prisoner 
of war. But Bedford chose to regard her as a sorceress. 

She was tried as such before some clergy in the interest of 
Bedford. During this trial, which lasted tour months, she 
behaved with the greatest firmness and dignity. 8he answered 
all their questions with wonderful propriety. She was pro- 
nounced guilty, and condemned to perpetual imprisonment, 
and to be allowed no other food than bread and water. 

Shs was also forbidden to put on the dress of a man under 
|iain of death. The regent thought her sentence too mild, 
and at once took measures to secure a more severe punishment. 

He had a complete suit of armor hung in her cell, in the 
cruel hojie that she would not be able to resist the temptation 
of putting it on. Poor Joan fell into the snare. Persons 
concealed to watch her rushed in and seized her. She was 
(hen condemned to be burned. The sentence was carried out 
in the market place of Rouen, May 30, 1431. 

The afl'airs of the English now grew worse and worse. One 
town after another surrendered to Charles. Paris opened its 
gates to him. and he entered it, November 4, 1437, after an 
absence of seventeen years. 

The French erected a statue to the Maid of Orleans on the 
spot where she died. It remains to the present day. 

In a short time the city of Calais was the only English 
possession in the territory of France. In 1440 a truce was 
agreed upon between the two nation.s. 



THIE C3-K.E.A.T Is^UTHsT'S". 




[Concluded.] 

THE final rejection of all olfers of accommodation .seems to 
have destroyed the last hope of the malcontents, and from 
that time vessel after vessel withdrew without objection and 
returned to their allegiance. On the Idth of June the 
hundreds of detained merchantmen were allowed to depart, 
and such a fleet never entered port before by the same tide. 

From this moment the disintegration was rapid. On the 
1 2th only seven vessels were flying the red flag, and on the 
1 tith everj- .ship had been restored to the command of its proper 
officers, and the crews were glad to return to duty. 

Thus was this remarkable mutiny inaugurated and main- 
tained for f(uir weeks, almost within sight of the turrets of 
Windsor, and for the first time in her history was the British 
metropolis blockaded. 

Parker returned to his former position on the Sandwkh, 
but on the 20th of June a file of soldiers from the fort at 
Sheerncss came on board, and the insurgent chief was taken 



into custodoy. On the 24th a court-martial was convened, 
Vice Admiral Sir Thomas Paisley presiding. Parkerconducted 
his own defense, and acquitted him.self with much ability. 
The line of argument he adoptedthat was: the situation he held 
was in a measure forced upon him; that he had only consented 
to assume it, in the hope of being able to restrain the men 
from excesses; that he had .so restrained them; owing to his 
stringent orders not a hnndred pounds' worth of property had 
been destroyed by the mutineers; had he been disloyal, he said 
he might have taken the ships to sea, or carried them into the 
enemies' portfi, for which a dazzling reward had been offered. 
He admitted that technically he might be guilty, but the 
purity of his purpo.ses ought to furnish some palliation of his 
offense. But the government showed that he had formally 
issued an order assuming command of the insurgent ships, 
that he had addressed tjie government in that capacltv, and 
that, as he had gone from ship to ship of the fleet, he had 
been attended by his staff' and received with cheers and all 
honors due to exalted rank, and after a brief deliberation he 
was sentenced to die at the yard-arm of the Sandicich in 
presence of the whole fleet. 

"When his doom was announced he stood up and said: 

"I shall submit to your sentence with all due respect, being 
confident of the innocence of my intentions and that God wiil 
receive me with favor. I sincerely hope that my death may be 
the means of restoring tranquility to the navy, and that those 
men who have been implicated in this business may be restored 
to their positions and again become serviceable to their 
country. I wish further to say that the reforms the insurgents 
desired are eminently just, though I, with every other loyal 
citizen, regret the mode selected for their accompli.shmeut. " 

On the morning of the .30th of June the yellow flag, the 
signal of death, was hoisted on the Sandwich. The whole 
fleet was ranged around the death .ship, their crews piped to 
the forecastle, and at nine o'clock the unhappy prisoner was 
brought on deck. He was pale, but composed, and as he 
passed his mess-mates he said: "Good-bye to jou, boj-s; I sin- 
cerely hope my death may be deemed a sufficient atonement for 
you all." Just before the rope was adjusted he handed to an 
officer a letter to his wife and his will conveying to her some 
property in Scotland; after which he was hauled up and died 
almost without a struggle. 

But there is a sad romance connected with this tragedy 
which is more interesting than the tragedy itself Parker's 
young wife resided in Scotland, and when she heard that the 
Sheerness fleet had mutinied under the lead of Eichard Parker, 
she had no doubt that the insurgent chief was her husband, 
and she instantly departed for London, believing his arrest was 
certain, and hoping to save him from the vengeance of the 
law. 

On her arrival in London she heard that her husband had 
been tried and condemned. She hastened to a notary, paid a 
guinea for having a petition for a commutation iiroperly 
prepared, and sought to present it to the king. She was 
obliged to give it to a lord in waiting, who, on learning for 
what purpose it was intended, coolly advised her not to waste 
any more time or money in that effijit, for no power on earth 
could save the bold mutineer. 

She then went with all possible haste to Sheerness, where 
she learned that her husband was to be hung at nine o'clock the 
next morning. At an early hour she began to search for means 
to get on board the Sandwich^ and it was nearly nine before she 
succeeded. Then she was not permitted to 'come within 2o0 
yards, but was near enough to see her husband as he came 





CTTJ^EH^ILEl II<TSTI?.TJCTOI^. 



51 





deck on his way to execution. She became wild with grief 
and stretching out her hands, cried: "Richard! Richard! oh, 
m}' husband!" and fell senseless. 

The doomed man heard the wail, and said to one of th^ 
officers: ''There is my poor wife from Scotland! Can I see 
her, if but for one moment?" No reply was made, but the 
work of death was hurried forward, and in a few moments the 
unhappy man was beyond the reach of worldly sorrow. 

On recovering from her long .swoon the poor woman was 
informed of the sad termination, and also learned that the 
body had just been sent on shore for burial in. the new Naval 
Cemetery. She hastened to the cemetery, but found the cere- 
mony over and the gate locked, and she was refused admittance 
to the inside of the inclosure. 

Moved to desperation by a rumor that the surgeons would 
probably carry the body off that night, for di.ssection, she deter- 
mined to thwart them; she waited around the cemetery until 
dark, when she climbed over the wall, found the newly made 
grave, which proved exceedingly shallow. 

She was not long in scraping away the earth which covered 
the simple coffin, the lid of which was soon removed and she 
had the corpse in her arms. Her first intention was simply to 
stay by the grave and protect it from the threatened desecra- 
tion; but she now determined to remove the body altogether. 
Accordingly she communicated her inirpose to two or three 
women who.se acqaintance the had formed, and with their help 
the b.ody was taken from the grave, carried over the wall, put 
in a cart and started for London. 

She arrived there at eleven o'clock at night, but having no 
acquaintances in the cit.v was compelled to take the body to a 
public hou.se. After much difficulty she succeeded in getting 
it to her room, and wept over it until morning. 

But her .secret could not be kept in such a place, particularly 
as the news of the exhumation had been brought to the city 
by express, and was the talk of the town. The fact was soon 
known, and the house was soon surrounded by an immense 
crowd anxious to look upon the body of the noted mutineer, 
whose boldness and sincerity the populace now began to 
respect. 

The excitement hourly increased, the populace began to 
cheer the late mutineer and deride the authorities, when the 
Lord iNIayor called upon ]Mrs. Parker, who was still watching 
over her dead, and demanded to know what disposition .she 
intended to make of the remains. The poor woman replied 
that she only wanted to give him a decent burial, and his 
lord.ship promised all necessary aid would be given to enable 
her to carry out her wish. All this time the excitement was 
growing, the streets became impassable, the turbulence 
increa.sed, and it began to look as if the dead mutineer might 
cause bloodshed, if not civil war. But the body was soon 
buried, according to the widow's wishes and the crowd 
dispersed. 

Mrs. Parker took up her residence near the place of burial, 
and for some years derived a comfortable support from ■ the 
small property left by her husband. But she was sidjsequently 
deprived of that by a decision of the courts, which for some 
cause declared her title invalid. She was therefore thrown 
uiionher own resources; partial blindness soon followed, incapac- 
itating her for work, and she was ultimately compelled to go 
upon the street and solicit aid from the charitable. 

In ISOO — forty years after her heroic strnggle for the 
possession of her husband's bcdy — a communication in the 
London Times called attention to her necessities, and a fund of 
£.')00 was (piickly raised to render her last years comfortable, 



the British monarch, Williaim IV, himself contributing £.50. 
The brave but unfortunat* woman died in 1842. 



I?>IGE. 



f) ICE forms the chief food of a greater number of persons 
V) than any other substance. The jieople of India, China, 
and part of America live chiefly upon it. 

In the warm parts of Asia rice is found growing wild, and 
the seeds are used for food. Man has carried the rice seeds 
from Asia and planted them in the warm and marshy parts 
of Europe, America and Africa. 

A hundred and fiftj' years ago, rice was not cultivated in 
America. 

Rice re(iuires plenty of water. In this country it is sown 
in the spring, in rows eighteen inches apart, and the ground is 
flooded for several days. ^Vhen the rice plants are four inches 
high, the flooding is repeated and continued for two weeks. 
A short time before the rice ripens, the fields are flooded for 
the third time, and remain so till the rice is ripe. 

Urowing rice is very unhealthy work, as the .soil in which it 
grows is so swampy. 

When the rice is ripe, the water is drained off, and the 
reaping done with a sickle, the negroes who do the work 
sinking deeply into the soft ground in which the plants grow, 

Tke best rice fields are the low swampy lands through which 
large rivers flow. In other places the waters of streams are 
collected in reservoirs, and used for flooding the fields. In 
India two crops a year are raised on the same land. The produce 
of an acre is fi-om thirty to sixty bushels. 

Rice is liglit ami wholesome, but not so nutritious as the 
other grains. 

Rice straw is used for making bonnets, ami in India, a strong 
spirit called arrack is distilled from fermented rice. 

In England large quantities of rice are used in the manu- 
facture of starch. The rice grains are white and shining. 



What Cloves are. — Cloves are the unopened flower of a 
small evergreen tree that resembles in appearence the laurel 
or bay. It is a native of the Molucca, or Spice Islands, but 
has been carried to all the warmer parts of the world, and it is 
now cultivated in the tropical regions of America. Tlie flowers 
are small in size, and grow in large numbers, in clusters, to 
the very end of the branches. The cloves we use are the 
flowers gathered before they are opened and while they ar j 
still green. After being gathered they arc smoked by a wood 
fire, and then dried in the sun. Each clove consists of two 
parts; of a round head, which are the four petals, or leaves, 
or flowers rolled up, inclosing a number of small stalks or 
filaments; the other part of the clove is terminated with 
four points, and is, in fact, the flower-cup of the unripe seed- 
vessel. All these parts may be distinctly seen if a few cloves 
are soaked f<jr a short time in hot water, when the leaves of 
the flower soften and steadily um-oll. Both the taste and the 
smell of cloves depend on the (juantity of oil they contain. 
Sometimes the oil is separated from the cloves befc re they are 
.sold, and the odor and taste is in con.-^eqiwncc nuich weakened 
by such an unfiiir proceeding. 



CoUR-VCiE, when genuine, is never cruel. It is not fierce. 
It foresees evil. Its trepidations come either before or after 
danger. In the midst of peril it is calm and cool. It is 
generous, especially to the fallen. 





52 



J- TJ ^ El n^ I L E IIsrSTI^TJOTOI^ 





BY G. M. 0. 



THE AZTECS. 



(Contimted.) 



REMAlNlNii two days at Ayotzingo, the luareli was .igain 
resumed, foUowiug along the soutliern shore of Lake 
Chalco. Gardens containing flowers of ever.v hue, hixuriant 
foliage, crimson, green and gold, embowered villages, clustered 
under the shade, and lined the edge of the lake whose waters 
were covered with the boats of the natives gliding in every 
direction. Reaching a narrow causeway, so narrow that but 
three horsemen could ride abreast, and some five miles in 
length, stretching to the northward and dividing Lake Chalco 
from Lake Xochicalco, the armj- crossed to the town of Cuit- 
lahuac, built in the middle of the causeway. Cortez described 
it as the most beautiful town he had yet .seen. Temples and 
lofty towers of ma.ssive architecture, beautiful mansions beforo 
which were lawns ornamenied with trees and shrub! lery. Float- 
ing gardens were constructed in the lake, and innumerable 
boats covered the water. 

After crossing this narrow causeway they entered the city of 
Iztapalapan, containing about fifteen hundred houses. In the 
centre of the city was a vast jiublic garden, blooming with 
flowers au'l foliage of gorgeous colors. There was a large 
aviary filled with birds of beautiful plumage, and an immense 
re.servoir, well s;ocked with fish, which contained water to 
irrigate the grounds. 

Resting over night, at early dawn the Spanish army was 
again on the march, and the lofty temjile of Tenochtitlan 
(Mexico) glittered in the sunlight before them. The capital 
was built on an island near the western shore of Lake Tezouco. 
On the east, the island had no connection with the mainland, 
and could only be approached by canoes; on the west, the city 
was entered by an artificial causeway, built of earth and stones; 
it was about thirty feet wide and a mile and a half in length. 
( »n the shore end of this cau.'-eway was the city of Tacuba. 
There was a similar cau.seway on the southwest, and one three 
miles long on the north, connecting with the city of Tepeaca, 
and still another on the south six miles long. It was over this 
la.st one the Spaniards entered the city. Half way between 
the city and the mainland, on this narrow road, was the town 
of Xoloc. "When the army drew near the city a procession of 
the principal inhabitants, adorned with plume.s and clad in 
finely embroidered mantles, met them. They announced that 
the great emjieror. Montezuma, was advancing to welcome the 
strangers. The avenue was thronged with a countless crowd, 
while the lake was darkened with boats. 

When the glittering train of the emjieror appeared Cortez 
dismounted and advanced to meet him. Montezuma was 
seated in a magnificent palanquin, ghttering with gold, and 
gorgeous with waving plumes of many colors. He was borne 
on the shoulders of four noblemen; others held over his head 
a canopy of beautiful workmanship, decorated with green 
feathers (the Aztec insignia of royalty) and gold and precious 
stones. I'pon his head the monarch wore a crown of gold, 
surmounted with plumes. A richly embroidered mantle, with 
co.stly ornaments, was folded gracefully upon his shoulders. 
Buskins, fringed with gold, fitted closely to his legs, and the 
soles (if his shoes were of gold. He was of good stature, well 




formed and peculiarly handsome, with a melancholy and 
anxious expression. His age was fifty-three year.s. When 
Coitez dismounted, he alighted from his palanquin, and, 
leaning upon the arms of two of his nobles, approached the 
Spaniard. His attendants in the meantime spread carpets of 
rich materials upon the ground, that his sacred feet might not 
come in contact with the earth. After an exchange of courte- 
sies, the blended cortege marched into the city. "Who," 
exclaims Bernal Diaz, one of the invaders, "could count the 
number of men, women and children which thronged the 
streets, the canals, and terraces on the tops of houses on that 
day. ' ■ Their route led through the heart of the imperial city 
and the Spaniards gazed with astonishment at the size, archi- 
tecture and beauty of the houses. They were built of a 
porous red sandstone, and faultless in construction. Most of 
the streets were narrow, and contained buildings of a less 
imposing character. The great streets went over numerous 
canals spanned by well built bridges. The" palace of the 
emperor was of stone, covering a large space of ground. But 
among the many interesting features of the Aztec capital the 
great "ceo calli," or temple, stood foremost. It was .situated 
in the centre of a vast square, which was surrounded by a wall 
eight feet high, built of cut stone. This enclosure was entered 
by two gateways, opening on the four princijial streets of the 
city. The temple was a solid structure of earth and cobble, 
faced from top to bottom with hewn stone laid in cement. It 
was five stories or stages high, each receding so as to be 
smaller than that below it. In outline it was a rectangular 
pyramid, three hundred feet square at the base, with a level 
summi; of considerable extent, on which were erected two 
towers and two altars, where "per]ietual fires" were kept 
burning. The ascent was by a flight of one hundred and 
fourteen steps on the outside, which went four times around 
the structure. On the summit of the temjile the religious 
ceremonies were conducted. The Spaniards were quartered 
in an immense palace erected by the father of Montezuma. 
The buildings enclosed a large courtyard, and the whole was 
surrounded by a strong wall, surmounted with towers for 
defense and ornament. The apartment assigned to Cortez 
was tapestried with the finest embroidered cotton. "This 
edifice was ,so large," writes one of the historians of that day, 
"that both the Spaniards and their allies, who, together with 
the women and servants whom they brought with them 
exceeded seven thousand in number, were lodged in it. Every- 
where there was the greatest cleanliness and neatness. Nearly 
all the chambers had for beds mats of rushes, and of palm; 
they had coverlets of fine cotton, and chairs made of single 
pieces of wood. Some of the chambers were also carpeted 
with mats, and the walls were hung with' tapestry beautifully 
colored." 

The water in the lakes was brackish, or salty; the city was 
supplied by means of an aqueduct, which extended to Chapul- 
tepec. There were several market-places or squares in the 
city, with one great square, where an immense concourse 
assembled to engage in peaceful traffic. Three judges sat in 
state at the end of the square, to settle .all difficulties. A 
numerous body of police kept moving through the crowd to 
prevent riot and confusion. The police regulations were 
unsurpassed by those of any city in Europe. ~ Many of the 
streets were lined with shade trees. The houses'of the com- 
mon people were .small but comfortable, built of reeds or 
adobies. The houses of the nobles and , wealthy inhabitants 
were strongly built of stone, generally but'one story high; they 
were enclosed in gardens blooming with'flower.s,'and fountain 





J"TJ^E3^ILE! insrSTI^TJOTOi^ 



53 




of cool water, conveyed tliroush earthen pipes, played in the 
courtyards. A thousand persons were employed continually 
sweeping and watenng the streets. The Spaniards estimated 
the population of the city at five hundred thousand. 

This substantially is the account given of the cities lining the 
route of Cortez by every writer who saw them before the con- 
quest. But during the bloody conflict that followed nearly 
every building was destroyed, the invaders burning what was 
combustible and tearing down the stone edifices, turning over 
the inhabitants to extermination, and but little of the ancient 
city of Mexico was left. Some few relics recovered from the 
ruins of the old temple have been preserved. Among these is 
the great Aztec calendar stone, on which are carved hiero- 
glyphics representing the months of the year. 



livCXJSicj^iLi in^sTK/XjnycEisrTs. 



BY CI1.\S. \V. STAV.NER. 




THERE are few people, whether old or young, who do not 
like to hear good music, and it is a pleasure to notice the 
vast improvement made in this study, during the last twenty 
years, in our settlements. There was a time when a cabinet 
organ, or a piano could not be found in Utah, scarcely any 
person was able to obtain one, principally owing to the 
immence distance between our Territory, and the eastern 
cities, where such articles could be purchased. 

If persons were able to raise the funds necessarv to buy an 
instrument in the east, they perhaps could not afford to pay 
the high rates of transportation, as everything had to be 
freighted with either ox or mule teams, over a thousand 
miles. 

Hence an organ was looked upon as a luxury, beyond the 
reach of the humble citizen, and the taste for music had to be 
gratified by instruments that cost less, especially for carriage; 
a concertina or an accordeon was the highest aspiration of a 
young lady who desired to accompany her voice; and most of 
our choirs were supplied with violins, flutes or bass viols, 
instead of the powerful tones of the church organ as at the 
present. 

Brass and martial bands were also scarce, and those tha* 
were orcanized had to labor under difficulties, owing to the 
scarcity of proper instruments. 

Many plans were adopted to gratify the public taste for 
music, and especially was this visible at our celebrations, 
sometimes a mixture of string and brass instruments was 
infrodued. The writer remembers hearing an eye witness 
give a detailed description of a fourth of July procession, in 
one of the settlements, which was headed by a "band'' con- 
sisting of a cornet and a bass viol. 

Let the reader imagine a procession, comprising the fathers 
of the present young men and women, attired in the best 
apparel that a condition of pioneer isolation would permit, 
and filled with patriotic enthusiasm and veneration for the 
common cause of liberty, marching by companies, represent- 
ing different branches of our religious and civil government, 
while the stars and stripes floated in the breeze, and mottoes 
supported by the tender branches of a well patronized Sunday 
school, denoted the .sentiments of an oppressed but undaunted 
people. Yet this display would be nothing without music, 
and the means at hand were limited; but two performers were 
ju-ovided with the necessary instruments, so they were enlisted 

I marched over the rude and rocky streets of that rural city. 



the one filling the air with the soul-stirring strains of "Hail 
Columbia," on a battered cornopean; the other supporting 
with his left hand a dilapidated bass fiddle, while with the 
right he played an ample and suitable accompaniment, that 
did justice to his calling and the solemnity of the occasion. 

But now how different! Bra,ss bands and martial bands, 
unexcelled for talent or equipments, adorn our processions, 
and cheer the surroundings with the latest musical productions 
from the east and west; and the performance of many pieces 
of home composition show that Utah is second to none in 
musical ability. Our Tabernac'es are furnished with pipe 
organs, one of which has probably cost as much as any in the 
United States. 

Cabinet organs can now be heard discoursing their melodious 
music in the homes of the Saints, even in the remote parts of 
the Territory. The voice of melody, singing praises to the 
God of our deliverance, gladdens the hearts of the people 
eveiywhere; and it is evident to the observer that a refined 
taste for the '"divine art," induced by the facilities for procur- 
ing instruments, is springing up among the young, causing 
them to seek the joys of the home circle, and the pleasures of 
intellectual associations, instead of the wild and uncultivated 
society of the giddy and profane. 



'ISTOBODIT LIKIE nvnOT.£3:EI?.!' 



Now tell me truly, boys and girls, 

As sisters and as brothers, 
Does any one in this wide world 

Come up to our kind motkers? 

Can anybody else be found 

In all this big creation, 
That makes such puddings and such pies 

As this same dear relation. 

And when a fellow bumps his head, 

And hardly can endure it, 
(Don't be ashamed to own the truth,) 

No kiss put hers will cure it! 

When we have disobeyed, she tries 
From punishment to screen us, 

And in our little quarrels, like 
An aneel comes between us. 

Deur mother! Ah, how hard she works 
To keep us dressed with neatness, 

And ever greets us when we come 
From school, with smiles of sweetness. 

Father is splendid, that we own, 
' And so is that big brother; 
Sisters, and aunts, and cousins, but 
There's nobody like mother! 



oonsrxjisriDK. unvcs. 



What is the best thing out? An aching tooth. 

What is it that always stands on its head? A barrel. 

What tree bears the most fruit, when other trees have 
none? A Christmas tree. 

Why is B like a hot fire? Because it makes oil boil. 

Why is a pen maker the most dishonest man in the world? 
Because he makes people steel pens, and says they do write 
(right). 

What is the difference between a barber and a mother? 
One has razors to shave, and the other shavers to raise. 





54: 



CTTJ^isn^ii-iE I nsr S T I?. TJ C T O IE?.. 




5;fij* Jlwucnilf ||nsfrud0t!» 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


- EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, MARCH 6, 


187 5. 





EIDITOI^I^Xj thzotjo-hits. 

NCE more the LorJ has delivered liis peo- 
ple out of the hands of the oppressor, 
and the Saints indulge in gladness and 
thanksgiving. From the year 1830, when 
the Lord commanded liis servant Joseph 
Smith to organize His church, man.y 
lave been the perils through which the 
Latter-day Saints have passed. Men 
have banded tliemselves together as mobs 
and have resorted to violence to destroy 
the church and scatter the Saints. They 
killed the i)rophet and patriarch of the church 
in the most base and brutal manner, and many 
of the Saints also fell victims to their cruel 
rage. They burned houses, barns and fences, 
shot down and drove off cattle and hogs, destroyed 
[iroperty of every kind belonging to the Saints, and 
expelled the members of the church who would not 
euy the faith from their homes and pleasant places. Plots 
without number have been formed for the overthrow and 
destruction of Zion, but they have all signally failed. Just at 
the time when those who formed them thought they were 
about to succeed, something has occurred to disappoint them, 
and the .servants and people of God have e.scaped. ^NLmy 
prominent men have lent themselves to .schemes against the 
Saints, thinking they could strike them a fatal blow and gain 
for themselves great glory. But it is a remarkable fact that 
no man has ever gained )_irofit or fame by attacking the Latter- 
day Saints. All who have attempted it have been disgraced. 
Probalily the history of the Lattei--day Saints does not furnish 
a more striking instance of this than the case of J. B. McKean, 
late Chief Justice of (his Territory. It is nearly five years 
since he came here, and during that period he has never relented 
nor swerved from his determination to destroy the people and 
overthrow the work of God. He has pursued tliose objects 
with a constancy, which if it had been exorcised in a good 
eau.se, would have called forth admiration. Where the law 
has stood in his way he has thrust it aside or trampled upon it, 
resolved, apparently, liy any means however monstrous and 
illegal, to accomplish his purposes. To insvire the success of 
his schemes he determined to make every office-holder a party 
hereto. By liis examjile, not to say his teachings, they were 
made to believe that nothing cuuld be more pleasing to the 
Government than to de.stroy ''Mormonism," and that to hate 
and to do injury to the ''Jlormons was the chief duty of a 
loyal citizen. If an office-holder were disposed to act fairly, 
and to treat the Latter-day Saints as he would other citizens, 
then he was placed under ban, and he was made to feel that if 
he jmrsued that cour.-,e, he was in danger of losing his office. 
Thus tlie '"ring" was formed, compo.sed of Federal officials 
and tho.se who acted with them. I'nder the influence of 
McKean a line was drawn -between the "Mormons'' and the 
non-3Iormons. Every thing was done that could be to make 
the latter hate the former. If a non-Mormon were disjiosed 
le civil and friendly to the ''Mormons," to even stop at a 



hotel kept by a "Mormon," he was called a "Jack Mormon." 
Hundreds of men were frightened at the name, especially men 
who had business and who might have cases to be tried in the 
courts: and they either sided with the "ring" or .said nothing 
and kept aloof from the "Mormons." They dreaded the resent, 
meut of the Chief Justice, and the use of his power against 
them. By such means he has kept the lawyers in abject fear. 
They dare not oifend him, because no one would employ a 
lawyer who was not in favor with the court. For five years 
this man has played the tyrant, acting as if the Territory and 
the ])eoi)le had been delivered over to him to deal with as he 
saw fit. Until he was checked by the decision of the Supreme 
Court, he appeared determined to maintain a judicial reign of 
terror. 

In the midst of his career, when his schemes seemed most 
jirosperous, he was hurled from his position. If death had 
struck him his downfall could not have been more sudden. 
Probably no one was ,so much surprised at that event as him- 
self. Never did he act more haughtily and tyrannically, never 
did he appear to feel more secure than just previous to his 
removal. But who is secure who fights against Zion? Judge 
McKeau is only another in whose person the word of the 
Lord is fulfilled concerning those who array themselves against 
His work. He has been told often enough that he could not 
jnosper in the mission he had laid out for him.self Others as 
smart, as influential, as powerful as he had gone down in their 
attempts to injure the servants of God and to destroy his work, 
and he was advised that his fate would be no better. He did 
not believe this. He heeded no warnings, he respected no 
counsel intended to make him jtause in his mad career. We 
fully believe that if he could have done so, he would have 
taken the life of President Young, and ])erhaps of others, 
under the forms of law. He was not jiermitted to go that far; 
but we give him no credit for not committing judicial murder. 

The Lord has overruled the conduct of this man for the 
good of Zion. His continued and violent action again.st the 
l-ieople has drawn attention to the work of God. He has done 
more to give it publicity than many missionaries could have 
done. But he has served his purpose as Chief Justice, and 
he is now dropped from office. At this all the Saints can 
rejoice. They can praise the Lord for the wonderful manner 
in which he delivers his people from the traps and snares 
prepared by their enemier for tbeir destruction. 



ONE of the noblest actions that has been witnessed in this 
Territory was the calm and dignified submission of Pres- 
ident Young to the unjust and arbitrary order of Judge McKean 
in fining him twenty-five dollars and committing him to the 
lieuitentiary for one day, for alleged contempt. This occurred 
on the 11th of March. A more miserable, mean exhibition of 
spite on the part of an officer was never witnessed. The 
President's years, his elevation of character, the position he 
occupies, the esteem in which he is held by the people of the 
Territory, and his past services in leading them here and 
laying the foundation of and building up this flourishing 
commonwealth, should have protected him from the indignity 
of imj)risonment in the penitentiary. And they would have 
had weight with any judge not actuated b.y low, jealous feelings. 
But McKean could not forego the opportunity of committing 
this despicable outrage upon a man who.se virtues and influence 
were hateful to him. A prominent officer of the Government 
from the East, who came here after the occurrence, remarked 
to us that he had conversed with fifty non-5Iormoiis while in 
this city, every one of whom severely condemned JIcKean fo 





CTTJ^EIsriXjE Il>rSTI^TJOTOI^. 



55 




his treatment of President Young. In the Eiist his conduct 
was looked upon as outrageous. Doubtless, this contributed 
greatly towards his removal. He was greatly mistaken in 
thinking that his tyranny was approved by the nation and its 
leading men. God promised to soften the hearts of the people 
from time to time towards His servants and work, and He has 
done .so in this instance. There may have been times when 
such treatment of President Young might have been applauded 
by some portion of the people, or by even the majority; but 
this did not happen to be the time. So instead of McKean 
getting applause he receives condemnation. 



J^ i=ei^<ixjOTjs nsric3-H:T. 




BROOKLYN is a city across the river from New Yoi-k, where 
tens of thousands of business men of New York have 
their homes. Eighty five years ago, Brooklyn was woods, 
hills, swamps, creeks and cornfields, a cluster of rude houses 
with but one church. This church A\'ashington appointed as 
the rallying spot of his broken army in the darkest night of 
the Revolution. 

The battle of Brooklyn, or the battle of Long Island as it is 
called in history, was one of the hardest fought of the revolu- 
tionary battles, and the most disastrous. Col. Hazlet's 
well-armed and welldisciplined Delaware regiment. Lord Stir- 
ling's brigade of Southrons, Smallwood's gallant Marylanders 
in scarlet and buft', the bold yeomanry of Connecticut in their 
homespun jerkins, all under brave old General Putnam, fought 
side by side, heart and hand with each other in their love of 
country and of treedom. 

Washington's camp was at New York. On the I'Tth of 
August, 1776, the booming of cannon and volleys of mu.sketry 
were heard in the direction of Brooklyn. The enemy had 
landed on Long Island. Five ships of the line hove in sight, 
trying to beat up the bay. Were they to cannonade or capture 
the city'? New York was filled with terror. Hapjiily a head 
wind baffled the ships, and Washington, seeing no immediate 
danger, crossed the ferry and galloped to the scene of action. 
A ten-ible conflict was going on. The little army was attacked 
on three sides, and was fighting desperately. Washington 
gained a rise of land, and saw at a glance the perils of his men. 
Some were trampled down by the English cavalry; others 
bajoneted without mercy by the bloody Hessians; some made 
a stand behind rocks and trees; others were cutting a retreat 
beset by foes. At the sight Washington wrung his hands in 
agon}'. "Good God," he cried, "what brave fellows. I must 
lose this day!" Two thousand were killed and taken jirLsouer.?. 
The wounded and dying were brought within the entrench- 
ments, but they had neither tents nor shelter. 

Night set gloomily in on the American camp. The victorious 
army pitched their tents clo.se by, and their sentries were but 
a stone's throw from the American lines. By dawn, Washing- 
ton went the rounds with words of sympathy and encourage- 
ment. The skies were lowering, and both soldiers and officers 
fatigued and dispirited. A reinforcement crossed from New 
York in the forenoon, among which was a JIassaehvisetts regi- 
ment of ^larblehead sailors and fi.shermen, dressed in their 
blue jackets and trowsers, hardy and weatherproof, fresh and 
full of spirits. There were several skirmishes through the 
day, but a drenching rain drove the English to their tents. 

The next day a dense fog covered the island, and everything 
was wrai)ped in gloomy uneertaintj'. \n ofiioer rode out to 

onnoitre, and the fog lifting an instant, a great stir was 



discovered among the enemy's ships. What did it betoken? 
The little army were in a most perilous position, an ea.sy pre.v 
to the victors. What was to be done? ES'ect a retreat, if 
possible. Washington dispatched a trusty messenger to 
imjiress every boat, water craft of every kind, far and near, 
and have them by evening at the ferry -ways. The utmost 
secresy was necessary, and the fog was their best friend. 

Jleantime orders were issued to prepare for a night attack 
upon the enemy. Many a poor soldier made his will. Sentries 
were posted round the camp as usual. When darkness set in, 
"Retreat," and not "Attack," was sent from line to line. In 
case of discovery, Brooklyn church was to be the rallying spot, 
a stand made, and if attacked, ' 'To arms! to arms! 

A nuiffled tramp, a stifled murmur rose fi'om the camp as 
regiment after regiment moved ofi', which gradually died away 
in the direction of the ferry. The boats were in waiting. 
Boat after boat, loaded to the gunwale, pushed from the shore. 
The JMas.sachusetts fishermen were in their element. They 
manned the boats, plied the oars, unfurled the sails, and made 
the most of every passing breeze. Artillery ammunition, 
l>»'ovisions, cattle, horses, carts, and nine thousand men were 
to be withdrawn from the face of a large and victorious army, 
encam])ed so near that ever}- stroke of the jnekaxe in their 
trenches could be plainly heard, and a river three, quarters of 
a mile wide, swept by rapid tii.les, was to be crossed; the least 

alarm might bring the 
enemy upon them, 
and produce a terrible 
^cene of carnage and 
confusion. 

Every thing was 
staked on a muffled 
and hurried night 
march. Washington 
was at the ferry su- 
per i n t e n d i u g every 
movement. For 
lo ty-eight hours he 
never closed his eves, 
and was most of the time on hor.seback. Night wore away. 
The English army slejit soundly in the fog. At last, every 
picket and sentinel was called iu, and by day-dawn, Wa.shing- 
ton, the last man to enter the boat, crossed the river in 
.=afet.v. 

The astonishment of the English may well be conceived. 
A woman living by the ferry, traitorous to her country, 
determined to alarm the English. Before the first boat-load 
left the landing, she secretly sent off' her negro servant to the 
enemy's lines. Dodging the American sentinels, he reached 
the picket guard of the English. But the guard proved to be 
a Hessian, who. not understanding our language, seized the 
man for a spy. He was kept close till daylircak, when an 
English officer vLsiting the [lOst, was astonished at hearing the 
black man's story. An alarm was instantly given, and the 
troops called to arms. A body of soldiers climbing cautiously 
up the breastworks of the patriot army, found the camp indeed 
deserted. Ailvanced i)arties hurried to the ferry, where the 
friendly fog, having done its service, cleared away, .and showed 
the rear-boats of the retreating patriots already beyond the 
musket .shot of their foes. 




BEr.lKVE nothing against another, but on good authority; 
nor rei)ort what will hurt another; unless it be a greater hurt 
to another to conceal it. 





cr Tj "v E n^ 1 11. E iisrsTi^TJOTOi?.. 



HionycE nvn^nsTTJiPJ^OTTJi^ES- 



IRON. 



BY BETH. 



WE find, liy reference to the columns of the Deseret News, 
the first paper published in tlie Rockj- Mountains, that 
from a very early period after our settlement here the manu- 
facture of iron was considered of the highest importance, and 
creat efforts were made by many of the brethren to make that 
business a success. Among the foremost of these public bene- 
factors the late Nathaniel V. Jones may be named as one who 
made great efforts to acquire the necessary information on the 
subject of iron manufacture with a view to our supply, and 
who did, in fact, produce iron in limited quantities from the 
ores of the south. We may judge of the great estimation in 
whicli that circumstance was held b^' the public notice given 
to the ''first bar of iron made by N. Y. Jones" being used in 
1869 — TO, to make "the last spike of the Utah Central Rail- 
way." This bar was wrought into the form of a spike, 
polished and engraved with our motto, "Holiness to the Lord;" 
and was driven by President Young in the presence of 15,000 
people on the 10th January, 1870; it is now deposited among 
our home manufactures in the Deseret 3Iuseum. 

It is gratifying to see evidences of our material wealth piled 
up in the form of "pig-iron" in front of the oflfice of John W. 
Young, the president of a southern iron company that was 
organized in 187-3, exactly twenty years after the first manu- 
facture of iron in Iron County. We have also the Utah Central 
Iron Company, the object of which is the "manufacture of iron 
in all its branches:" and the Salt Lake City Iron Company for 
"iron founding and machinery." 

It will be well to explain for the information of the young 
reader that iron is a very difficult metal to reduce from its ores. 
This is why so many years have passed away without much iron 
being produced; lead or even silver, which occurs generally in 
this Territory in lead ores, is more easily reduced. It is true 
we have very fine ores, the very kinds that are really wanted 
to be combined together to make the best iron; we have useful 
fluxes and many infusible clays and rocks to build the furnaces, 
but to avail ourselves of these great advantages a large amount 
of money has to be expended and a long time has to pass away 
before any profits are realized. But now that capitalists have 
commenced operations we may reasonably expect results; and 
already we have pleasing evidences of entire success. 

As to the manufacture of iron when made, there will be no 
difficulty here, we have some of the best workmen in the world. 
We have also machinery, and men of ability who can not only 
make the machines we may require but design them as well. 
In our Museum we have a representation of "the first Steam 
Engine made in Utah," and of an engine made for the "Emma" 
silver mining company both of which are from the works of 
William J. Silver of this city: there is al.so one of the first 
revolvers made in Salt Lake City in 18.')7 under the directions 
of Zachariah Derrick, engineer of this city; also specimens of 
handsome turned fancy steel work done by Brother Adams of 
St. George, with other evidences of mechanical skill. 

It is very jileasing to place on record these facts on the pages 
of the Juvenile Instructor, where they will be enduringly 
preserved, and it is to be IioiumI many other evidences of 
intelligence, enterprise, and skill will have to be chronicled in 
relation to the important industries connected with our iron 
manufactures. 



zsteeidxjES j^nsriD i=i3srs 



\iP. 



THE first needle invented, consisted of a thin piece of wood, 
with a sharp pomt, and the hole was made by boring in it. 

The needles used in ancient times were principally of bronze 
and bone. 

Pliny mentions them of this metal. 

Some needles, used by the ancients, are as large as bodkins 
(from two to four inches long), and were made of this metal. 

Steel needles were made in England, in the year 150.5, by a 
German, who settled in London. 

Bronze sewing and netting needles have been found both 
at Herculaneum and Pompeii. 

The principal needle manufactories are now at Redditch, in 
Worcestershire, and at Hathersage, in Derbyshire, Birming- 
ham, England. 

Several needles (sewing and netting) found at Herculaneum and 
Pompeii, are preserved in the Hamiltonian and other collections. 

Steel needles, similar to those now employed, were originally 
manufactured in Spain, and were thus called Spanish needles 
when first used in England, although the art of manufactur- 
ing them was brought into that country from Germany. 

At New Haven, Connecticut, a machine performs the 
whole process of making needles, with the manual labor of one 
person, and turns out thirty to forty thousand of them daily. 
Aaithir tnu'iKi! pisi; them up, and arranges them, heads 
and points together, and the third machine puts them into 
papers. The difficult process of making the eyes is done by 
boys. Besides making the hole, it is necessary to polish it all 
around, so that it will not cut the thread wlien used. When 
the wire which is to form the needle has been pointed, and 
flattened at the other extremity to form the head, it is handed 
to the piercer. This is commonly a boy, who laying the head 
upon a block of steel, and applying the point of a small punch 
to it, pierces the eye with a small tap of a hammer, applied 
first upon one side, and then exactly opposite on the other. 

Another boy trims the eyes, which he does by lajdng the needle 
upon a lump of lead, and driving a punch through its eye; 
then laying it sideways ujjon a flat piece of steel, with the 
punch sticking in it, he gives it a tap on each side with his 
hammer, and causes the eye to take the shape of the punch. 
The next operation makes the groove at the eye, and rounds 
the head. They are polished, and thrown in a confused heap 
into an iron tray. They are afterwards sorted and divided 
into quantities, for packing in papers, by putting into a small 
balance the equivalent weight of one hundred needles, and so, 
measuring them out without the trouble of counting them. 

The best steel needles come from England. 

The construction of a needle requires about one hundred and 
twenty operations. 

Ten pounds and a half of steel wire is required to make one 
hundred and forty-eight thousand needles. 

Pins were manufiictured and used by the ancients. 
In the United States there are eight pin manufactories, 
whose annual production is two millions of packs, each pack 
containing three thousand six hundred and sixty pins; a total 
of six billions, .seven hundred and twenty millions of pins. 

One manufactory turns out eight tons of pins per week. 
The Yankee pins are sold in nearly every city of the world. 
Hair pins are jobbed by the cask. 

There is but one manufactory in this country that produces 
them. They turn out fifty tons per month. 

The machine that cuts and bends the wire, makes three 
hundred and sixty hair-pins per minute, ready for japanning, 





JTJ^EH^ILE in^STE/TJCTOI^. 




THCE -W-HZTk-XjE. 



[Conduded.] > 

IN our last number we referred to the little animal called 
the Clio Borealis, which constitutes the principal food of 
the whale. Herewith we give a representation of it. 

Tho.se who follow the whaling business must nece.s.sarily be 
bold, venturesome men; at the same time they must be cool 
and self-possessed in the hour of danger, as there are few 
l>ursuits so exciting and in which ra-'hness would prove so fetal. 




CLIO BOREALIS. 

But imagine the vessel arrived at her destination, where the 
whales are supposed to be numerous. Just at noon, when the 
sun is bright, the look-out, or man at the mast-head, reports, 
"There she blows!" Instantly all is activity, the boats are 
manned, and pull directly to the whale; all this while, the 
animal seems quite uncon.scious of the fate that awaits it— it 
darts not into its deep home, but lets the enemy come to its 
side. The boats approach as <puetly as possible, the harpooner 
lifts his lance, and, with all his power, plunges "the barbed 
instrument" into this quiet monarch of the sea. The whale 
feels the deadly blow, and plunges with tremendous velocity, 
sometimes, it is said, eight hundred fathoms, in the deep. 
Fastened to the barb is a line, consisting of six lengths, each 
of a hundred and twenty fathoms, which, spliced together, 
make in all a cord four thousand three hundred and twenty 
yards; this coiled-up rope is drawn out of the boat by the 
whale with such violence, that if aught impeded it for a 
moment, all would be destruction. But now the line slackens, 
and the whale rises, panting for breath. The boats again 
approach their victim, who is struck by another barb, and 
again he seeks to escape; but now, twice captive, and weak- 
ened through the loss of blood, he rises in weakness, and 
becomes the easy prey of his enemy. 

The fins and tail are cut off, and the whale tugged to the 
ship, where the blubber, a thick substance from which the oil 
runs, is sliced from the trunk. The whalebone is cut from 
the upper-jaw, and then the carcase is cut adrift, and becomes 
the food of animals that inhabit the ocean. 





THE CACHALOT. 

A large whale will yield seventy barrels of oil, and even 
the tongue itself has been known to produce five or six barrels. 
The value of a large fish is estimated at $5,000. 

The whale fishery is attended with great danger. Some- 
times the whale strikes the boat with its tail, and destruction 
and loss of life follow; at other times the whale has been 
known to choose, as if by instinct, the ship for its opponent, 
and, swimming to some distance, has returned with terrible 
speed, and struck the ve.s.scl, which has foundered. 



The sperm whale, sometimes called the Cachalot, is not so 
large as the Greenland whale, rarely exceeding sixty feet in 
length. It is found in the Southern Ocean; and as the sperm 
oil is more valuable than the common, it is in great demand. 

If the head of the great whale is large, that of the sperm 
whale is still larger, constituting neai-ly one-halt of the whole 
body. In the stomach of the Greenland whale scarcely any- 
thing is found ; not so the Cachalot ; for quantities of fish 
prove that he is as voracious as the whale of the north is ab- 
stenuous. 

The oil of this whale is called sperm oil ; and the cavities of 
its head are filled with what is called spermaceti. A single 
whale will yield sixteen barrels of that substance. Oftentimes 
also ambergris is found in the belly of the Cachalot, sometimes 
in lumi3s of upward of a hundred pounds in weight. 



FOR LITTLE LP]ARNE11S. 



ON THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.— LESSON V. 



Q.- 

A.- 

Q- 
A.- 

Q.- 
A.- 
Q.- 
A.- 
Q.- 
A.- 

Q- 
A.- 

Q.- 
A.- 

Q- 

A.- 
Q.- 
A.- 
Q.- 

A.- 

Q- 

A.- 

Q.- 

whut 

A.- 



■Wliat did he want wisdom from God for? 

-Tliat he might know wliich of all the churches was right. 

-What made him think they were not all riglit? 

-Becau.se they preached different doctrines. 

-Could not they preach different doctrines and yet be right? 

-No. 

-Why not? 

-Because the Bible only teaches one Gospel. 

-And what is that? 

-Tlie Gospel of Jesus Christ. 

-Did Joseph Smith read the Bible when he was a boy? 

-Yes. 

-Which part of it? 

-Tliat which is called the new Testament. 

-What did he tind there? 

-A promise that God made to his children. 

-Where did he find that promise? 

-In the Epi.stle of James. 

-What chapter and verse? 

-In the first chapter and fifth verse. 

-What did God promise? 

-To give wisdom to those who asked him. 

-When Joseph was alone in the woods and began to jiray, 

happened to him? 

-He was seized by a power that he could not sec. 



TiiREE TiiiNiis. — Three things t-D love: courage, gentleness 
and affection. 

Three things to admire; intellect, dignity and gracefulness. 

Three things to hate: cruelty, arrogance and ingratitude. 

Three things to delight in: beauty, frankness and freedom. 

Three things to wish for: health, friends and a contented 
spirit. 

Three things to like: cordiality, good humor and cheerful- 
ness. 

Three things to avoid: idleness, loiiuacity and flippant 
jesting. 

Three things to cultivate: good books, good friends and 
good humor. 

Three things to contend for: honor, country and friends. 

1'hrcc things to govern: temper, tongue and conduct. 



The worthiest peoi)le are the most injured by slander, as we 
usually find that (o be the best fruit which the birds have been 
pecking at. 





5S 



J"TJ^En^II-iE I3^STI?.TJOTOI^ 




;ttesti0n^ ami ^nsiirer^ 

OlSr THIE BIBLE. 



BOOK OF JUDGES. 




LESSON LXXXIII. 

Q. — For -what purpose did they call Samson from the prison? 

A. — To make sport for them. 

Q. — "What did Samson say to the lad that led him into the 
house? 

A. — "Suffer me that I may feel the pillars whereupon the 
house standeth, that I niav lean upon them." 

Q. — Were there many people in the house? 

A. — It was full of men and women, and all the lords of the 
Philistines were there. 

Q. — How many men and women were upon the roof? 

A. — Three thousand. 

Q. — What prayer did Samson otter to tlie Lord? 

A.— That he might secure strength and be avenged upon the 
Philistines. 

Q.— After Samson had made this prayer what did he say, when 
he took hold of the pillars? 

A. — "Let me die with the Philistines." 

Q. — What happened when Samson bowed himself witli all his 
might? 

A.— The house fell upon the lords and all the people that were 
therein. 

Q. — Were there many slain at Samson's death? 

A. — "More than they which he slew in his life." 

Q. — What did his brethren then do? 

A. — Thej' buried him in the burying place of Manoah, his 
father. 

Q. — How long did Sarjison judge Israel? 

A. — Twenty j'ears. 

BOOK OF RUTH. 

Q. — What came to pass when the judges ruled? 

A. — There was a famine in the land 

Q- — What was the name of the country Avhere a certain niiui 
went to sojourn? 

A.— Moab. 

Q. — What was the man's name'' 

A.— Elimelech. 

Q. — Who accompanied him? 

A. — His wife and two sons. 

Q. — What was .lis wife's name? 

A. — Naorjii. 

Q. — AVhoni did the two sons marry.' 

A. — Two of the women of Moab. 

Q. — What were their names'' 

A.— Orpah and Ruth. 

0-— What lia))pened to Elimelech and his two sons. 

A.— They died. 

Q. — What did Xaomi hear about this time? 

A.— "That the Lord had visited his iieo].lc in giving them 
bread." 

Q. — What did Xaomi do when she heard this? 

A.— She arose with her daughters-in-law to return to the land 
of Judah. 

Q.— While they were- on the way. wliat did Xaomi say to her 
daughters-in-law? 

A.— "Go, return each to her m.jther's house: the Lord deal 
kindly with you, as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me. 

Q.— What else did she say? 

A. — "The Lord grant that ye may find rest, each of you, in 
the house of her husband.'' 

Q. — What did Xaomi do to her daughters-in-law after she had 
said these things? 

A. — "Then she kissed them. ' 



'HCSt!OnjJ a 



nil l^n 



Hirers 



onsr THE 
Booic OE ny: o K. im: o 3sr . 



KEIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXXIII. 

y. — What did Moroni send men to Alma for? 

A. — To ask him to inquire of the Lord where the Xephites 
should go to protect the land. 

Q. — Did Alma do as Moroni wished? 

A. — Yes, he immediately inquired of the Lord. 

Q. — What answer did Alma getl 

A. — The Lord told him e.xactly where the Lamanites had gone. 

Q. — When Moroni heard this, what did he do? 

A. — He left part of the armj- in Jershon, and with the rest 
marched to Manti. 

Q. — When he arrived there what did he order? 

A — He commanded the people to assemble together and defend 
their homes. 

Q. — How did Moroni place his army? 

A. — He secreted the army near the banks of the Sidon. 

Q. — When he found out from the spies, which way the Laman- 
ites were coming what did he do? 

A. — He divided his men into several companies and put them 
at diflerent places. 

Q.— When the Lamanites came up where were they first 
attacked? 

A. — In the rear. 

Q. — What then happened? 

A. — The Lamanites were eni;ircled and the slaughter began. 

O. — Which army lost the greater number of men? 

A. — The Lamanites, they being not protected Dy armor. 

Q.--What did the Lamanites do, when they saw their danger? 

A. — They fled towards the river Sidon. 

Q. — When they crossed this river, by whom were they attacked? 

A.— B3- another division of the Xephites under Moroni. 

Q. — How did the Lamanites act in this attack? 

A. — Tliej' fought with great valor. 

Q.— What did the Xephites do? 

A. — They called upon God for His aid. 

Q. — What happened immediatelj'? 

A.— The Lamanites fled back again to the liver. 

Q.— What did the Xephites then do' 

A. — They surrounded the Lamanites. 

Q. — What was the feeling among the Lamanites at this time? 

A. — They were struck with terror. 

Q. — Ween Moroni saw this what did he order? 

A. — He ordered that the slaughter should cease. 

Q. — What proposals did Moroni then make to Zerahemnah? 

A. — Moroni told him if he would give up his weapons and 
promise not to molest the Xephites again he should be set free. 

Q. — What did Zerahemnah reply? 

A. — He said they would give up their weapons but would not 
promise to molest the Xephites no more. 

Q.— What did Moroni then do? 

A. — He refused to allow them to depart e.xcept they agr'^ed to 
what he had said. 

Q.— What did Zarahemnah try to do? 

A. — He ran forward in order to kill Moroni. 

Q. — Did he succeed in this? 

A. — Xo; one of Moroni's soldiers broke his sword. 

Q. — Wliat else happened to Zaraliemnah? 

A. — A soldier cut off his scale. 

Q. — What did the soldier do with the scalp? 
I A. — He took it upon his sword and threatened the Lamanites 
with death unless they agreed to the proposals of Moroni. 

Q. — How did many of the Lamanites feel after this? 

A. — They were afraid and entered into a covenant to keep peace. 



/ 




CTTJ^Iiin^irLjE in^STK.TJCTOI^ 



59 







From tlie Institute Index. 



BV C. R. SAVAGE. 




THV. winter of 1871-2 will be long remembered in connec- 
tion with the snow blockade on the U. P. R. R. 

Many times during the tedious delays caused by the drifting 
snows there was just cause for apprehension as to the fat« of 
many of che jjassengers on trains snow-bound. In many 
instances trains would be buried up a long way from supply 
stations, without fuel and water fir the engines and jiassengers, 
and no roads by which communication could be had with 
stations where a store of necessities had been iirovided by the 
company. 

Thinking to secure scenes of interest foi tlie great public, I 
left Ogden July 17, 1872, for the scene of the great blockade. 
Nothing of any moment occurred until we reached the Bitter 
Creek country, where I found a gentle snow falling, liut offering 
no impediment to our progress. The night j)assed; morning 
found us on the great central plains, still snowing and blowing 
heavily. About ten o'clock the gale increased in fury, the air 
around us was filled with a dense mass of snowy vapor as fine 
as flour, fo thick that everything fifty feet from the track was 
lost to sight. Suddenly the speed slackened, and after a few 
brief moments the engine, panting and puifing came to a 
halt. 

No one seemed troubled about the stoppage, .supposing it to be 
momentary; but as all seemed quiet, we peeped out amidst the 
blinding storm and found the fiery monster buried up to the 
lantern in snow. The cold was intense; none of the passengers 
could remain outside the car longer than ten minutes; it must 
have been twenty degrees below zero. A few brave spirits tried 
to dig out the engine, but before us for nearly a quarter of a mile 
was a den.se bank of snow, that would take several days to 
shovel out with the force of men at our disposal. 

The storm continued, the wind howling with the roar of a 
hurricane, the fine dry powdery snow piling up slowly around 
the train. Night came; and still no abatement of the storm. 

We had to make the most of our situation, the princijile job 
was to keep ourselves warm. As soon as the true cause of our 
stoppage was known, the officers of the train handed round some 
crackers and cheese and half of a dry red herring as a relish. 
This was truly making a dry time for us in a deluge of snow. 
I found on going into the baggage car that the company had 
provided subsistence for fifty persons for one week; but of 
course it was of the dry substantial kind. 

Morning came, still the .same snow storm, and the downy 
moisture drifted up to the toj) of the car, making us almost an 
Esquimaux snow house on the fortieth iiarallel. When I asked 
the conductor where we were, he told me that we were about 
five miles from Wyoming Station, the first stojiping place west 
of Laramie. Some of the passengers began to wonder why 
the company did not send a vast troop of men to dig us out, .so 
as to proceed on our journey; I noticed however that when 
the grumblers did go out of the car, two minutes was as long 
as they cared to stay there, hence if the troop were men like 
ourselves they could not stand the cold much longer tlian 
we could, erffo, we must grni and bear it. 

We .stayed in our snow bank for three days and nights, without 
any change in the intensity of either cold or snow. On the 
fourth morning all was calm, and a bright sun shining. Before 



us was one unbroken snow bank, east, west, north and south. 
Our brave engineer had manfully kept the engine a!ive by 
shoveling snow into the tender which .supplied us with enough 
water for drinking and raising st«am. 

By this time the usual grumblers in all such emergenc'e ; had 
decided tha", the road was badly managed, it was located in 
the wrong place, badly officered, and built u)>on a fine sand 
heap of corruption; why was not this done and that done, the 
road would be a fizzle every winter, this would help the 
Southern Pacific, it was only a .summer road, etc. The most 
sngular tiling. of all was that the "dead-heads" were the 
most blatant grumblers at the bridge that was carrying them 
over— present company excepted, of course. 

But what is this we see eastward, coming towards us? A 
'^double-header," and train of cars behind. Hurrah! it is the 
shovelers' train coming to release us from our snow prison, 
and, sure enough, when they reach the eastern edge of the 
great snow bank, the train stops, and out pour some one hun- 
dred and fifty men, .shovels in hand, and commence their 
attack upon our silent enemy. The brave company of grum- 
blers in our train are invited to help clear the track. Some 
work with a will, others try the eflect of jawbone, which, by 
the way, is the only muscular exertion some men use when 
hard work has to be done. 

Of all the motley crowds I ever saw, commend me for variety 
to these toilers of the desert, with heads muffied up with 
comforters and feet bound up with gunny sacks; add to this a 
hundred different styles of patched up coats, and pants of 
many colors, and you have their picture— a regiment of recruits 
that would have made Falstaff's ragged ones hide their 
diminished heads. Almost every nation upon the earth had 
its rejiresentative in this measly crowd. 

The driving winds had packed the snow so firmly that it 
came out in solid chunks. You might cut around it with the 
spade, and lift out huge masses, in appearance resembling 
blocks of granite. The foot hardly made an impress upon it 
when the bank was walked upon by the men. 

By four o'clock the track was clear, and our hearts beat 
joyfully at the prospect of going ahead. "Toot! toot!" — off 
brakes — and we move for Laramie. 

On reaching Laramie we learned that other trains were in a 
similar fix, both east and west of us. Accepting the invitation 
of Superintendent Fillmore to return west with the snow-plow 
train, I took quart«rs in a caboo.se, which was attached to four 
engines of the most powerful con.struct:on. A number of cars 
with the "shovel brigade" were also attached; and we moved 
forward without interruption to the scene of the first snow 
burial. Beyond lay vast banks of snow that had to be cleared 
off the iron road. 

I know of no more exciting scene than "bucking" snow 
behind four or five ])Owerful engines. Before making a run 
upon the bank, the length, depth and clearance room are 
calculated. Backing down the necessary distance, the valves 
are opened, and a crashing sjieed is attained before reaching 
the snow. With a horrid crunching .sound we dive into the 
bank, the blinding snow flying in every direction, while the 
roar of the safety valves and the dense black columns of smoke 
combine to make the dangerous work jiartly enjoyable. AVe 
drive ahead, a gradual slackening of spc-^d, and the track is 
cleared, amid the .shouts of shovelers and the hurrahs of 
engineers and firemen. This operation is rej eated some 
fifteen times in a run of forty miles, and the road inonounced 
clear. Our return is telegraiihed, and we once more move for 
Laramie. 





so 



cru"V"EnsriLE; iisrsTi?.TJCTOi^. 





A gentle zephyr is blowing. Sun dogs and circles around the 
moon have set the dry land sailors to predicting another storm; 
and it is not long before Tve have tangible evidence that there is 
something in signs. Pense masses of dark clouds are rolling 
and tumbling in the upper deep, and the horizon line is getting 
di.smally smaller as we look off into the grim distance. But 
we do not slacken speed; we drive ahead. The storm beats us, 
it is upon us, more dreadfid in its intensity, more appalling in 
its arctic coldness than before. We are scarcely twenty miles 
from Rock Creek when we are again landed in a snow bank, 
that would require twenty engines to push us out of The 
fierce wind sets the dry, powdery snow in motion, and all hol- 
lows and crevices are soon filled up. A floating cloud of fine 
snow dust is above, around and beneath us, i)cnetrating the 
most minute interstices like the dust of an alkali plain. 

Our superintendent, Mr. Fillmore, is my beau ideal of a 
man born to commaml: never using harsh language, never 
getting fretful or hasty, first with the shovel, first to wake up, 
first to denounce incompetency; even, easy, and self-possessed 
under all circumstances; sharing the lot of those under his 
direction, drinking the black, tasteless coffee slops provided by 
the cook of a construction train with evident relish, in fact, a 
leader of men wherever he goes, and respected as such. 

The storm lattel four days and nights, until we were buried 
up so that the black, stark smoke stacks stood out like sentinels 
in a world of snow. No work could be done, and the shovelers 
spun yarns, smoked their dirty pipes and prayed for meal 
times as the only change in the dreary daily monotony. 

The wind kept up a continuous roar with scarcely a lidl. 
Whenever it stopped the shoveling commenced. It would be 
useless to try and clear out a cut when the drifting snow was 
flj-ing, as it would fill the cut as fast as it could be thrown out; 
hence all work had to be done when it was calm. 

About two o'clock in the morning of the fifth day I heard 
the voice of the superintendent shouting; "Now boys, dig for 
Laramie." The wind had gone down, and all hands were 
routed out in the dark, cold night to dig. The cold was so 
intense that the men took turns, working fifteen minutes, and 
warming up fifteen minutes. By daylight the snow that had 
been shoveled out was piled up on each side of the track from 
ten to fifteen feet high. It had to be picked out of the 
machinery of each engine, so completely were they imbedded. 
It was calcidated that the cold was thirt.v degrees below zero. 
I distinctly remember to have slept alongside of a red-hot stove 
with one side of my body very cold during the night. 

After hard digging, we at length reached Laramie, out of 
provisions, and many of the men frost-bitten. The night wo 
reached there the mercury was thirty-five degrees below zero; 
all the house plants in the town were killed, and the contents of 
cellars frozen. Such cold is not easily forgotten. 

From Laramie we pushed on to Sherman Station, the 
summit of the U. P. R. R. , and the highest railroad station in 
North America. We were five days making this point. The 
snow in some places was sixteen feet deeji. Some of the 
entrances to the snow-sheds were nearly tilled up; the interiors 
were beautiful to behold: every piece of loose bark or hanging 
substance was covered with fine particles of snow, hanging 
like stalactites, which made the dreary snow sheds look like 
fairy cavern scenes upon the stage. 

Sherman was finally reached, and, having had sufficient 
evidence of the character of the blockade, I determined to go 
home. We reached Laramie in safety, and I took passage in 
the first of si.x trains westward bound, following close upon 
each other. The road was clear to Rock Creek. In what is 



called Horse-shoe Bend we were detained five day with more 
storms and deep snow. The poor shovelers were almost used 
up, with working night and day. Many of the pa,ssengers 
worked regularly, others tried to get up indignation meetings! 
others worked hard growling at everybody else, and the com- 
pany in particidar. In my candid opinion everything that 
could be done to facilitate the transit of passengers and freight 
was done. 

After great toil and anxiety, Carbon Station was reached, 
and a regular attack was made upon the stores, and their 
contents secured. The coal miners opened their houses to and 
fed the passengers. There were some cases of actual want on 
the trains, but it was owing to an over-dose of modesty; the 
general disposition was to share equally what there was on 
hand. 

From Carbon, we proceeded to Simpson Hill, where another 
"sou'-wcster" detained us four days longer, the gale being 
quite as furious as the others. Had it not been for the 
promptness of General Ord, we should have suffered for want 
of food; but four or five wagons from Fort Steele drove the 
wolf from the door, and kept us from starvation. 

The same monotony of snow-shoveling and tedious detention 
continued until we reached Creston; once at this place, and the 
weather softened. We were now in the middle of Februarj'; 
with a leap and a bound we sped into Bitter Creek Valley, and 
the next day we were at home, just about one month from the 
time of starting. 



J^ FJJZ'Z,X^:Ei 



OVER the Ten Commandments, on a tablet, in a parish 
church in Wales, as a motto, were the following lines of 
consonants, which could be made into a couplet of poetry, by 
the help of only one vowel: 

"P R S V R Y P R F C T M N 
VRKPTHSPRCPTST N." 



The answer to the Geometrical Charade published in No. 3 
is Tobacco. We have received correct solutions from Luanna 
A. Booth, Lydia L. Allred, St. Charles; John J. Peters, 
American Fork; R. J. Filce, Kaysville; Louisa G. Harris, 
Harrisville; Phoebe M. Perkins, Parowan; Ada E. Farnsworth, 
Beaver; E. H. Brooks, Salt Lake City. We have also received 
under the signature of "Gwilym Ddu" the following poetical 
answer: 

Three fourths of a cross is the letter T; 

A circle complete is O, .is you see; 

A perpendicular and two serai-circles meet 

Will form a B, both plain and neat; 

A triangle upon two feet is A, 

The first of the alphabet as we say; 

Two semi-circles and a circle complete 

Will make C, C, O, the end of the feat. 

CTTJ^v^ElSriljE insrSTiR^TJOTOI?. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERT OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR &, PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Ccpy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

J^'Ot&ce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be direot«d, 
"Editor Jiivenile Instructor." 




