se 




VOL. XVIII 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 1883. 



NO. 8. 



JERUSALEM 



THERE is probably no city of either ancient or modern 
times about which so much has been written and spoken 
of as the subject of this sketch. Nor do we find in the whole 
history of the world a more striking example of the fulfill- 
ment of prophecy, than in the destruction of this renowned 
city. Its beauty and elegance had attracted the gaze of sur- 
rounding nations ; its wealth had been coveted by monarchs, 



which the wisdom and knowledge of Solomon, aided by the 
Almighty, was displayed. A temple within the walls of which 
the sacred rites and ordinances of a God-given religion were 
administered. A structure whieh called forth words of admira- 
tion from the mouths of Jesus' humble apostles. But in the 
carnage and disorder that followed the siege and capture of 
the ''city of Pavid," this marvel of art was razed to the 




and its strength had caused many to believe that it was ground, the words of the Savior in regard to it being literally 



impregnable. Yet, notwithstanding all this, it tell as it had 
been predicted that it should, and its inhabitants experienced 
all the horrors whieh GrOd through Moses said should come 
upon the people, if they rejected llini and His counsels, 

This was the place when- the most magnificent edifioe of 
whiob the world can boMt was erected. A building upon 



fulfilled, that "there shall not be left here one stone upon 
another, thai shall not he thrown down." 

The narrative of that horrible period as written by Josephus, 

the historian, oauses the minds of readers of the present day 
to lie filled with amasement. A oity, oontaining within its 
walls the proud nobles and citizens of the great Jewi sh nation 



■asSSfl 




114 



CTTT^riEIKriLIE] IITSTBTJCTOE, 



reduced to a state of starvation, so much so, in fact, that a 
mother could murder and eat with relish her own child ! Surely 
the curse of an offended God followed the people from the 
day that they turned away from Him until tne present. The 
late of the Jews should be a constant warning to the Latter- 
day Saints and to the whole world, that those who reject the 
Lord will, in turn, be rejected by Him. There is no safety 
except in being true to the commands of our Creator. 

The Savior, after telling His disciples about the downfall of 
Jerusalem and the horrors which should accompany its siege 
and capture, said, "and Jerusalem shall be trodden down of 
the Gentiles, until the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled." 
That what was predicted concerning the capture of this 
famous city has been fulfilled, every reader of history will 
testify. The details of its siege by the Roman general, Titus, 
in the year TO A. D., and the captivity and dispersion of its 
inhabitants are known to many. And that it has been 
trodden down of the Gentiles until the present, no person can 
denj 7 . 

The city, it is true, was rebuilt by Hadrian, but only as a 
heathen and Roman city, and the Jews were forbidden under 
pain of death to enter it. The name of JFAia. Capitolina was 
then given to it. Afterwards, Julian, the apostate, with the 
design, it is stated, of proving that Jesus was a false prophet, 
encouraged and assisted the Jews to return and rebuild their 
ancient capital. They were, however, frustrated in this by an 
earthquake, an eruption, or, as some writers assert, by the 
appearance of balls of fire which shot forth from the earth 
and caused the workmen to cease their labors. 

Since the organization of this Church, Brothers Orson Hyde 
and George A. Smith have been, on separate occasions, dele- 
gated to visit the land of Palestine, and to bless it for the 
gathering of the loag-dispersed remnants of Judah. They 
performed their missions, and the blessings which they 
invoked upon that land are now being realized. The Jews are 
beginning to gather to the home of their forefathers; they 
are beautifying the city by expending upon it vast sums of their 
accumulated wealth ; the Jew in every land instructively turns 
his eye towards the land of Palestine, and we may soon expect 
to see the fulfillment of the prophecy that "out of Zion shall 
go forth the law and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem." 

Our engraving represents the modern Jerusalem. In a pro- 
minent position, discernible by its large dome, stands the 
mosque of Omar, on the very spot where once stood the grand 
temple of Solomon. By looking at this picture we can partly 
imagine how this capital of Palestine is at present, but of 
what it will yet be in the future we can form no true con- 
ception. 



Life has many ills, but the mind that views every object in 
the most cheering aspect and every doubtful dispensation as 
replete with latent good, bears within itself a powerful and 
perpetual antidote. 



As we stand by the sea-shore and watch the huge waves 
come in, we retreat, thinking we will be overwhelmed; soon, 
however, they flow back. So with the waves of trouble in 
the world ; they threaten us. but a firm resistance makes them 
break at our feet. 



PROGRESS OF LIBERTY 
EUROPE. 



IN 




BY J. H. W. 



YX 7"HEN the war of independence was over, La Fayette 
» » returned to France. He was the lightning-rod by 
which the current of republican sentiments flashed from 
America to Europe. He was the hero of the hour. A man 
who had helped to set up a republic in America, 
was a dangerous element for old despotic France to 
receive into her bosom. With the charm of a great name, 
immense wealth and boundless popularity to aid him, he 
everywhere urged that men should be free and self-governing. 
The influence of La Fayette was soon apparent. 

The people of France were living under a government which 
had come down from the feudal ages. They wished to follow 
the example of the United States, but how could this be 
accomplished? The king could do as he pleased — make war, 
build fleets, tax the people, even send men to prison when 
charged with no crime, keeping them in prison till they became 
old and gray-haired, or until death set them free Of all the 
gloomy prisons of France, the Bastile was the most horrible. Its 
dark, deep dungeons were ever dripping with water and alive 
with vermin. No straggling ray of light ever entered them. 
The floor was covered with mud and slime and the bones of 
victims who had died of starvation. 

Louis XV., king of France was accustomed to sign his name 
to blank letters and give them to his friends to fill in as they 
pleased the names of those they wished to punish. One day, 
the king wanted money, and demanded $1 20,000 of M. Massot. 
"I cannot pay it," he replied, "Into the Bastile with him!" 
cried the king, and ordered his goods to be seized. M. Catalan 
was very rich. The king cast him into the Bastile and he did 
not get out till he handed over $1,200,000! Madame de 
Pompadour, the mistress of the king, ruled France, and woe to 
him who provoked her displeasure! M. Latude, twenty years 
old, offended her, and the great door of the Bastile closed upon 
him. The years rolled on, Madame de Pompadour and the king 
went down to the grave, yet M. Latude was still a prisoner in 
the Bastile. Thus for sixty years did Louis XV., plunder and 
imprison the people of France. 

The nobility, the priests and the officers of the government 
paid no taxes, but, on the other hand, received great revenues 
from the people. They had nothing to do except to eat, 
drink, attend balls or hunting parties and play cards. They 
lived in fine castles, and had beautiful parks, gardens and hunt- 
ing-grounds. The tax collectors came several times a year to 
the poor man's home, but never to the castle. Of every six- 
teen dollars produced from the land by the hard-working 
peasants, the king took four, the priests took four, and the 
nobleman who owned the land took five, leaving only three for 
the poor man and his family. Meanwhile Louis XVI. suc- 
ceeded to the throne. 

The church was as corrupt as the king. The priests lived 
luxuriously on the revenue wrung from the toiling people. 
They charged the people enormous fees for every service, for 
baptism, marriage, burial, and masses for the dead. From the 
cradle to the grave it was one continual extortion. 

Such was the condition of the people when La Fayette pre- 
sented to the National Assembly a Declaration of Rights. It 
resembled the Declaration of Independence in many particu- 
lars, and declared that all men are free and equal. It was on 
Saturday, July 11th, 1789, that La Fayette presented the 



H! 



W&m 





1 



J-TJ^TEl^TILE IUSTBTJO'TOE,. 



115 




Declaration ot Eights. Sunday came, and the troops were 
marching. The king had resolved to disperse the National 
Assembly, and if the people resisted to mow them down with 
cannon balls. A great crowd assembled in the Palais Royal 
Garden. They eagerly asked "What is to be done?" A young 
man named Camille Desinoulins, sprang upon a table, with a 
pistol in each hand to defend himself. "To arms ! to arms !" 
he cried, "we must defend ourselves!" He plucked a green 
leaf and put it in his hat-band, for a plume. The people fol- 
lowed his example. They had no arms, but there were 
muskets in the great arsenal, called the Hotel des Iuvalides. 
They broke it open and armed themselves. The cry rung 
through the streets, "Down with the Bastile 1" They rushed 
to the gloomy prison and planted their cannon to batter down 
the gates. The guards in the Bastile were heart and soul with 
the people. They hung out a white flag, and the prison was 
surrendered. Then came forth to the light of day the emaciated 
victims who had been so long immured in its filthy dungeons. 

A duke rode to the king's palace at Versailles to tell the 
news. "It is arevolt," exclaimed the king. The duke replied, 
'Nay, sire, it is a revolution.'' The deluge of blood had come. 
Revengeful men were roaming the streets of Paris murdering 
the nobles and the clergy. The National Assembly ordered 
the Bastile to be torn down, and the people leveled it to the 
ground. 

In Strasburg, was a young man named Rouget de l'Isle. 
One day he was dining with his friend Dietrich, and they talked 
of liberty and equal rights. After dinner, he went to his cham- 
ber, sat down to the clavichord and began to play and sing. 
His soul was on fire for liberty for France. He seemed to be 
wrought upon by a higher power. Words came, and with 
them a strange, wild melody. He did not know which came 
first. He sang and played, and played and sang, and felt a 
strange delight. At length his head fell upon his breast: he 
was asleep. The morning sun was shining in his face when he 
awoke and the song was still stirring in his heart. He called in 
his friend Dietrich to hear it, he liked it well, and other friends 
were called in to hear it. A young lady sat down to the clavichord 
and played while Rouget de lisle sang: 

"Ye sons of freedom, wake to glory] 

Hark I hark! what myriads bid you rise! 

Your children, wives and grand-sire9 hoary, 
Behold their tears and hear their cries! 

"Shull hateful tyrants, mischief breeding, 

With hireling host, a ruffian band, 
While peace and liberty lie bleeding, 

Affright and desolate the land? 

"Do you not hear the prisoners moaning? 

Arise ye brave, the sword unsheath, 
'Neath tyrants yoke no longer groaning, 

Kesolved on liberty or death." 

The peculiar genius of the French language, as well as the 
Btrange versification of the song, will not permit of an exact 
translation. 

For the benefit of those of our readers who understand the 
French language we give one of the stanzas as originally 

written : 

"Quoi ' '1 1 1 eohortei ■ trangi r< 

Feraimi la lot dans nos foyers, 
Quoi ' • phalangi aires 

'/'■ n lent nosfit rs gueru /■■•<. 



"Grand Dieu! par des mains enchainees, 
Nos fronts sous lejoug se plieraient, 
De vils desjyotrs deviendraient, 
Les maitres dc nos destinees." 

In a few hours all Strasburg was singing it. It went from 
village to village, from city to city, from province to province, 
and became known as the Marseillaise, or national song of 
France, which above all other songs ever written has stirred the 
hearts of men. Great events took place. The king of France 
and his beautiful queen, Maria Antoinette, were beheaded. A 
republic was started, but was soon overthrown, and the govern- 
ment seized by blood-thirsty villains. More than a million 
people perished by the guillotine, war, famine and starvation. 

The nation waded through a sea of blood. Old things 
passed away never to return. The internal history of France 
during a period of two years from the fall of the monarchy, is 
perhaps the most appalling record, which the annals of the 
human family present. 

Why did not France succeed in establishing a free govern- 
ment? Because all such must be founded on intelligence, 
virtue, and faith in God and immortality. Out of the revolu- 
tion came the one man who eould restore order to France — 
Napoleon Bonaparte. 

It does not come within the lifuits of this article to relate the 
various wars of Napoleon. The French revolution — abortive 
as it seemed — rendered forever impossible the continuance of 
thedespotism which had heretofore governed Europe. Napoleon, 
though one of the worst despots, sowed revolutionary principles 
broad-cast over Europe. His judicial code taught the equality 
of man before the law. His overthrow of so many princes 
taught the people to place a lower estimate on the sanctity of 
crowned heads. His consolidation of the petty German states, 
awakened the desire for a united Germany and paved the way 
for its accomplishment. He introduced constitutional govern- 
ment to Italy, Westphalia and Spain. He weakend the tem- 
poral power of the pope, and dealt fatal blows at the feudal 
nobility. His rude assaults shook to its foundations the whole 
fabric of European despotism, and led the lower orders of the 
people to entertain new ideas regarding their own rights. 
Never before had influences so powerful been brought so widely 
into operation over vast multitudes of men. 

Napoleon, with the exception of Oliver Cromwell, was the 
first sreat statesman in Europe to engage in designs for the 
advantage of the Jews. In 1806, the world heard with amaze- 
ment that Napoleon had summoned a grand Sanhedrim of the 
Jews to assemble at Paris. The twelve great questions which 
Napoleon submitted to the .Jewish Hubbies thus assembled and 
the answers which they gave to him. did much to dispel popular 
prejudice against that people, and prepare the way Cor their 
Social and material advancement. Some of the8C questions and 
answers were of peculiar importance in a religious point of 
view. From these we learn, that in 1806, among the Jewish 
people, and among some of the advanced thinkers of that age, 
marriage was considered null and void unless the ceremony was 

performed by a person possessing divine authority, further. 

that pol\ gamy is taught in the Jewish scriptures, but had been 
discontinued bj the .lews by virtue id' a decree of (he Synod of 

Worms, in A. D. 1030. [For further particulars see "Journal 
des Debate" pour 1807. Milman's History of th< Jews, 
page 592. ) 

The influence which Napoleon exerted II] the course of 

human affairs is without parallel in history. In comparison 
with these, the conquest of Caesar and Alexander dwindle into 
insignificapoe, Never before had any man inflicted upon his 



SS 




116 



J-TJ^El^riLE IITSTETJOTOE,. 



feliows, miseries so appalliug ; yet did never one man's hand 
scatter seeds destined to produce a harvest of political change, 
so vast and so beneficent. To the despots of Europe he was 
the dreaded apostle of democracy. The amazing events which 
followed each other in so swift succession in France were 
watched with profound interest in other lands. The results 
were quickly apparent. When Napoleon fell, the desire for 
self-government had silently spread over Europe. The anxiety, 
which the dethroned monarchs evinced to please their subjects, 
began to disclose to the people the secret of their own 
strength. 

A congress of delegates from the great powers met in Vienna, 
in 1814, to restore the thrones to the kings who had been exiled 
during the wars of Napoleon. They were blind to the lesson 
which the revolution had taught. They dreamed not of the 
new forces which had been silently growing strong underneath 
the tumult and confusion of universal war. Napoleon was at 
length banished to St. Helena, a rocky island in the South 
Atlantic, far from any other inhabited land, where he died, 
May 5th, 1821. Thus darkly closed a career the most brilliant, 
the most influential, and the most remarkable of modern times. 

The power of the people now began to be everywhere felt. 
In 1820, the American possessions of Spain rose against the 
despotism under which they had long suffered, and successfully 
asserted their independence. Insurrections broke out in Spain, 
Portugal, Naples and Piedmont, and only ended when they 
obtained constitutional government. 

Across the Adriatic, Greece took encouragement from the 
energy of her neighbors to assert the liberty of which Turkish 
oppression defrauded her. Helped by Europe, she succeeded. 
Athens, once the seat of learning and philosophy, the home of 
poets, painters and sculptors, the city that once led the world 
in civilization and art, became the capital of the modern king- 
dom of Greece. 

The influence continued to spread until it affected all the 
states of western Europe. It turned men's minds everywhere 
to political thought and discussion. It quickened the hardy 
mountaineers of Switzerland to reorganize their republican insti- 
tutions, on the basis of equal rights The little republic of the 
mountains founded so long ago, in the days of William Tell, 
started on a new era of prosperity. France, in 1830, once 
more attempted to throw off the yoke of her ancient kings 

These events may be said to mark the complete political 
awakening of Europe Western Europe was now free and 
self-governing. The long and painful transition from despotism 
to responsible government was at length accomplished. One 
hundred and eighty milliofls of Europeans had risen from a 
degraded vassalage to the rank and condition of freemen. 




A Lie Sticks. — A little newsboy, to sell his paper, told a 
lie. The matter came up in Sabbath-school. "Would you tell 
a lie for three cents?" asked a teacher of one of her boys. "No, 
ma'am," answered Dick, very decidedly. "For ten cents?" 
"No, ma'am." "For a dollar?" "No, ma'am." "For a 
thousand dollars? " Dick was staggered. A thousand dollars 
looked big. Oh, would it not buy lots of things? While he 
was thinking, another boy roared out, "No, ma'am," behind 
him. "Why not? " asked the teacher. "Because, when the 
thousand dollars are all gone, and all the things they've got 
with them are gone too, the lie is there all the same," answered 
the boy. It is so. A lie sticks. Everything else may be 
gone, but that is left, and you will have to carry it round with 
you, whether you wish to or not; a hard, heavy load it is. 




THE REFORMERS. 



MARTIN LUTHER. 



(Continued from page 109.) 
nr^ETZEL is said to have been sixty- three years of age at 
*■ the time when Luther attacked him for his disgraceful 
traffic. His appearence would not, however, have indicated 
that he was so aged, for there was no evidence of decay or 
weakness about him. He was the son of a goldsmith at 
Leipzig, and possessed a fine form, imposing manner and 
sonorous voice. 

The first controversy between Luther and Tetzel was of no 
great importance, and could have been easily settled had the 
pope or any leading cardinal possessed the ability and 
inclination to treat it in a prudent manner. It was merely a 
private contest between two monks as to how far the papal 
authorities were empowered to remit the punishment of sins. 
The former maintained that the pope had power to remit the 
penalty for sins on the earth but denied his authority to 
release from punishment in the future world. The latter, on 
the other hand, asserted that the power of the pope was 
unlimited in this or the future existence, as far as the remis- 
sion of sins was concerned. 

Luther had the approval of the better part of Germany 
who had long viewed, with, contempt, the various artifices 
resorted to by the Roman pontiffs for the collection of money. 
But two Dominican monks, friends of Tetzel, soon attacked 
him, and they were afterwards joined by Dr. Eek, the great 
theologian, who subsequently had a very animated dis.cussion 
of several days' duration in Leipzig with Luther, himself. To 
these assailants the reformer replied with spirit, and at the 
same lime addressed modest epistles to the church dignitaries 
in which he explained his views and promised to change 
them if their incorrectness could be proven to him. The 
result of these actions was that Luther was summoned to 
appear at his trial in Rome; but here the elector of Saxony 
interposed and requested that the case be tried in Germany. 
This request was finally granted, and Thomas Cajetan received 
an appointment to try the accused. A more unwise step than 
this could scarcely have been taken, for Cajetan was the 
avowed enemy of Luther, and was resolved to injure him if 
possible. At the termination of the trial the case was 
further from settlement than it ever was previously. The 
arbiter instead of attempting to reason with the innovator and 
to expose the incorrectness of his opinions demanded of him 
an absolute retractation. This was refused and the separation 
took place amid angry words. Shortly afterwards a temporary 
peace was effected through the instrumentality of Miltitz, a 
German and envoy of the pope at the Saxon court. 

The restless spirit of Luther would not, however, permit 
him to view silently the evils which were being committed 
under the garb of religion. He said, "God hurries and drives 
me ; I am not master of myself. I wish to be quiet and am 
hurried into the midst of tumults." Not only did he loudly 
speak against these wrongs, but he also wrote a number of 
works in some of which he attacked the church of Rome with 
more than ordinary vehemence. These writings being widely 
circulated, powerfully influenced many minds. A papal bull 
was issued against him, but he burned it at the Elster Gate of 
Wittenberg before an assembled multitude of doctors, students 
and citizens. Intense excitement prevailed in all parts of the 
land. Eck through whose influence principally, the bull was 



m 



obtained, fled from place to place, glad to escape with his life, 
while Luther was everywhere received with great honors. 

Charles V., a Catholic, had, in the meantime, succeeded to 
the empire. He convened his first diet at Worms, which he 
ordered Luther to attend, after having commanded that his 
books should be burned. The reformer's friends endeavored 
to prevent him from going to the diet, but he heroically 
exclaimed, "I am resolved to enter Worms although as many 
devils should set at me as there are tiles on the house-tops." 
He did enter Worms and there defended himself and his 
principles most nobly. His appearence, demeanor and firm- 
ness before the assembled multitude of nobles and laymen 
make a striking picture. "Unless I be convinced," he said, 
"by scripture and reason, I neither can nor dare retract any- 
thing, for my conscience is a captive to God's word, and it is 
neither safe nor right to go against conscience. There I take 
my stand. I can do no otherwise. So help me, God. 
Amen." 

As Luther was returning from the diet and was passing 
through a thickly wooded region he was suddenly attacked, 
and on being overcome, was carried to the castle of Wartburg, 
where he was safely lodged. This affair assumed the aspect 
of violence, but it was in reality a well-arranged plan to rescue 
the bold representative of a new creed from the destruction, 
which his conduct at Worms would have provoked. He 
remained about a year at the castle, disguised as a knight, 
and engaged in the labor of translating the Bible from the. 
original tongue into the German. This holy book was pub- 
lished in separate parts, and appeared in its complete form for 
the first time in the year 1 534. 

It was at this castle that the following incident is said to 
have occured : Luther's imagination had become excited 
through diligent and excessive study. He often imagined 
that demons were in his room and striving to prevent him 
from accomplishing his task. One day, while engaged at his 
literary work, he thought he perceived Satan himself stand- 
ing near and mocking him. He instantly seized his inkstand 
and hurled it at the intruder, thus causing him to beat a hasty 
retreat. 

In the year 1525, Luther married Catharine von Bora, one 
of nine DUDS, who through his teachings, had renounced the 
VOWS of the Catholic church. This act greatly pleased his 
enemies and caused his friends great alarm, for it was believed 
that on account of this he could more easily be injured. His 
matrimonial life was an exceedingly agreeable one. In this 
same year an estrangement sprang up between himself and 
the Hutch reformer, Erasmus. They had hitherto been very 
warm friends. The controversy raged loudly between them 
and in his vehemence. Luther made many assertions of a 
questionable nature in regard to points of doctrine. lie also 
made remarks derogatory to the character of his opponent, 
for which he is censurable. The quarrel was an unhappy one 
for both parties, and Luther is especially to blame for cherish- 
ing the hatred which grew out of it. 

In 1529, this great man held his memorable discussion with 
the Swiss divines at Marburg, and the following year he was 
at Cobery, where he acted as counselor to fifelanohthon, who 
was defending the intercuts of the I'loto-iant cause before the 
diet of Augsbury. The establishment of the new creed at 
this diet mark- the culmination hi the German Reformation. 
The life of it-, leader from that time possesses rerj lew things 
of general interest. He lived in tranquility until the end of 
February, 1546, when he peacefully passed to another sphere 
of action. 



This man, a sketch of whose life we have given, possessed 
extraordinary talents. Through his earnestness and eloquence 
he kindled other souls with the fire of his own convictions. 
His moral strength and courage are seldom equalled. It was 
these qualities which caused him to undertake the labor of 
cleansing religion of the pernicious errors with which it had 
been disfigured. Reckoned as a mere theologian, there are 
others who take a higher rank, but as a man and a leader of a 
great movement, history presents few greater characters. He 
was a man, who, although unendowed with the holy priest- 
hood, was an instrument in the hands of God of preparing 
the way for the introduction of the gospel into European 
countries, and for the great work which he performed, "he 
shall in no wise lose his reward." 



DESERET S. S. UNION MEETING. 




THE regular meeting of the Union was held on Monday 
March 5th, 18S3. Assistant General Superintendent 
George Goddard presiding. 

Meeting opened with music from the 16th Ward brass band 
followed with singing by the choir of the same Ward, con- 
ducted by Brother John Vincent, Bishop F. Kesler offered 
the opening prayer. 

Minutes of February meeting were read and approved. 

Elder George Reynolds delivered an instructive and enter- 
taining lecture on the "Geography of the Book of Mormon." 
In the course of his remarks, he commended the last book of 
the "Faith-Promoting Series," entitled "The Life of Nephi," 
as well worthy the perusal of those wishing further informa- 
tion on this subject. 

Music by the band. 

Assistant Superintendent Peter Reid, represented the 16th 
Ward Sunday school, by request of Superintendent Peter 
Gillespie, who was afflicted with a severe cold. Superintend- 
ent Reid reported the school in a very satisfactory condition 
and making excellent progress. He described the usua 
exercises, which were in accordance with the instructions of 
the general superintendeney. The school numbered 20 officers 
and teachers, and 302 scholars making a total of 33] ; the 
total average attendance was 250. The library contained 308 
books. After the opening exercises the school was divided 
into three departments, theological, intermediate and primary, 
each taught in a seperate part of the house, by competent 
teachers. The text books used were all Church works, includ- 
ing the Bible and Testament. They held their teachers' meet- 
ings on the Sunday following the general monthly meet- 
ing of the Union. The scholars were taught to close their 
eyes during the blessing of the sacrament. In concluding his 
report, he took pleasure in remarking that besides the brass 
band which was present, a martial band was organized in their 
Ward. 

Interesting items from several stake reports lor 1882, were 
read. 

Superintendent. Goddard made some appropriate closing 
remarks in which he referred to the call made at the last meet- 
ing for publications suitable for our missionaries in the South 
em States, 'flu- request bad met with suob a hearty response 
that they felt encouraged to again call upon the Sunday 
Schools in the different stakes to continue the good work, DJ 
collecting all the Church literal ure t hat could be spare 1 I'm 

thai purpose and sending it to Assistant Secretary, John C. 



Jl 



m 




IIS 



JIT VEIN" I LIE I1TSTEUCTOB. 




HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



[Continued from page 92.) 



THE condition of the Saints in Nauvoo strongly excited 
the sympathies of the people in the camp of Israel, at 
Winter Quarters. The teams and means were freely contribu- 
ted, and sent back to aid them. A good many of the people 
scattered up and down the river, some going to St. Louis and 
others to Burlington, but all who wished to move westward 
had the opportunity offered them, and they were brought on 
to the main camp by the teams which had been sent back. 

While these things were passing in Nauvoo, the Saints in 
the camp of Israel were laboring diligently to prepare them- 
selves for the winter. A committee of twelve was appointed 
to arrange the city into wards, over each of which a bishop 
was appointed to preside, whose duty it was to relieve the poor 
and sick, help the families of those in need, and to see that 
the Saints attended to their duties. The following is the list : 

First ward, Levi E. Riter; second, William Fosset ; third 
and fourth, Benjamin Brown; fifth and sixth, John Vance; 
seventh, Edward Hunter; eighth, David Fairbanks; ninth, 
Daniel Spencer ; tenth, Joseph Mathews ; eleventh, Abraham 
Hoagland; twelfth, David l>. Yearsley ; thirteenth, Joseph 
B. Nobles. 

Every family labored diligently to construct some kind of a 
house, in which they could be sheltered for the winter. The 
houses were built chiefly of logs, and covered with clapboards, 
or with willows and dirt. Many dug caves in the side of the 
hill, and made very comfortable dwelling places of them. 



Cutler, of this city. Such contributions were a great help to 
the Elders in the missionary field and might be productive of 
much good. Such interest was felt that in some places even 
a small tract left by the Elders would be read and then kept 
in a convenient place for friends and neighbors to read, until 
it would be worn out. Superintendent Goddard was very 
much gratified with a recent visit to the excellent Sunday 
school of East Bountiful. He was surprised to find so large a 
number of young men, some 50 or 60, in the theological class. 
On inquiry, he learned this was the result of thorough mission- 
ary labor, in accordance with instructions given at these meet- 
ings. Some, having been appointed to act as teachers or 
visitors for this purpose had visited every house in the Ward, 
and taken down the names of the young people and invited 
them, with very good effect, to attend school. He earnestly 
desired superintendents to examine their statistical reports to 
see if they were neat and correct according to the printed 
"directions," before seeding them in. Quite a large number 
of musical compositions had been received in competition for 
the prizes offered by the Union, and he hoped that soon 
another book of songs and music would be published. 

It was announced that Elder David John, Sunday school 
superintendent of Utah stake, had been appointed to give the 
u<ual lecture at the next meeting. 

The 17th Ward Sunday school was requested to furnish music 
and doorkeepers. The 6th and 16th wards martial bands, com- 
bined, are expected to be present. 

Adjourned to the first Monday in April, at 7 p. m., at the 
same place. 

Closed with benediction by President William Paxman, of 
Juab Stake. 



Winter Quarters was laid out regularly into streets, and 
occupied a fine location. The Indians gave considerable trou- 
ble, stealing cattle and pilfering. They looked upon the 
Saints as intruders upon their lands, and they said that if 
their land was occupied, their grass used, their timber cut 
down, and their game shot, they had a right to something in 
return, and therefore being in want of food they helped them- 
selves to cattle belonging to the Saints. The chief, Big Elk, 
said he would do all he could to restrain his people, but he 
had bad young men among them who would not be controlled, 
and he could not prevent them stealing when the cattle were 
all around them. They did not like white people, and they 
did not like him very well, because; he told them that the 
white men would do them good. The conduct of the Indians 
prompted President Young to counsel the people to build a 
stockade around Winter Quarters. This was a great protec- 
tion, and kept the Indians out to a very great extent. A 
large portion of the stock was sent north, on to what was 
called the Rush Bottoms — a place where rushes grew in great 
profusion, and furnished excellent feed for animals, if given 
to them carefully. If eaten too freely, or if eaten when the 
weather was cold enough to freeze the water contained in the 
top part of the rush, they were dangerous, aud sometimes 
killed the animals that ate them. 

Bishop Miller's camp, as he himself reported to the Twelve 
at Winter Quarters, was at the junction of the Running 
Water and Missouri rivers, a hundred and fifty-three miles 
north of Winter Quarters. He reported his camp in good 
health, and occupying a good situation, with plenty of feed 
for their stock, in the rushes of the Running Water. 

Language can scarcely convey a correct idea of the suffer- 
ings endured by the fugitives from Nauvoo in their hurried 
flight to escape the tortures of the mob, who seemed so bent 
on disregarding the stipulations of the very unjust treaty they 
had forced from them. Boys raised in this territory think it 
no hardship to be obliged to sleep on the ground in the open 
air in the month of October, nor indeed to go into the canyons 
almost any time of the year and spend the night thus, with- 
out other shelter than their bed clothes, but in Illinois and 
Iowa the climate is not so favorable to health as is that of this 
territory. It is more damp. Even many who took the great- 
est care of their health and had jomfortable houses to live in 
suffered a great portion of the year from the ague, and chills 
and fever, caused in great part by the malaria arising from 
the decaying vegetation in the swamps and low lands. The 
condition of the Saints, exposed as they were, was truly 
deplorable. Many moved across the river to the opposite 
bank of Nauvoo and others scattered off in different direc- 
tions, sheltering themselves as best they could ; some forming 
rude tents with quilts or blankets, and others being only able 
to cover themselves with a bower made of brush. To add to 
their misery what little clothing they possessed was, for a 
great portion of the time, drenched with rain, and instances 
are now related by persons living who passed through those 
scenes of their having for days watched at the bedside of the 
dying while they could only afford a partial shelter to the pro- 
strate form by holding milkpans over it, to catch the falling 
rain as it dripped through the thin wagon cover. Some of 
the most influential men among them visited cities in the 
adjoining states and asked aid from the able and generous for 
those of their brethren and sisters whose sufferings they tried 
to depict. By this means partial relief was obtained for some, 
but the majority of the sufferers were unable to better their 
condition until they had slowly worked their way into Iowa or 



$£ 




a-TJ^T^Il^TILEl IFSTEUOTOR, 



119 




Missouri and obtained employment of some kind, or were 
helped by teams seDt back by those who had previously left 
Nauvoo. 

{To be Continued.) 



THE MEMORY 



HOW THURLOW WEED DRILLED HIS MIND SO THAT IT 
BECAME OF USE TO HIM. 



THURLOW WEED could recall with great facility and 
accuracy long lists of names of men who were politicians in 
the various counties when Monroe ran for president — sixty 
years ago. 

"You seem to remember as well as ever," a friend said to 
him one day. 

"Better than I did once, I hope," he answered with a smile. 
"If I had not cultivated my memory I should have been a 
dismal failure." 

"Did you make a systematic effort to improve in the regular 
course of affairs?" 

"I had to adopt a regular method, and I hit on one that 
was very effective. I will tell you about it for the benefit of 
other young men. I got married in 1818, when I was working 
in Albany as a journeyman printer. In a few months I went 
into business, establishing a newspaper for myself, and some 
of my friends thought I was cut out for a politician — that is, I 
probably impressed my views strongly on those about me. But 
I saw at once a fatal weakness. My memory was a sieve. I 
could remember nothing. Dates, names, appointments faces, 
everything escaped me. I said to my wife, 'Catherine, I shall 
never make a successful politician, for 1 cannot remember, and 
that is a prime necessity of politicians. A politician who sees 
a man once should remember him forever.' 

"I recalled what had .been said of Henry"] Clay ; that he 
could go round a room and be introduced to fifty persons, and 
then on mingling with the company call every man by his 
right name. And I thought also about the colored man who 
officiated at a grand hat-rack in the United States Hotel at 
Saratoga, and who, as the hundreds of guests flock out from 
the dining-room, hands to each one instantly the hat, shawl, 
fan, or whatever has been deposited there an hour or two 
before. 

"My wife told me," continued Mr. Weed, "that I must 
train my memory." 

"So when I came home that night I sat' down alone and 
spent fifteen minutes trying silently to recall the events of the 
day. I remembered a little at first;, now I remember that I 
could not then recollect what T had for breakfast. Finally I 
found that I could recall more. Kvents came back to me more 
minutely and more accurately. After a fortnight or so of this, 
Catherine said: 'Why do you not tell it to me? It would be 
interesting, and my interest in it would stimulate you.' Then 
I In •'/.•in a habit of oral confessions, as it were, which I fol- 
lowed for almost fifty years. Every night, then, before retir- 
ing, [ told my wife everything \ could recall that had hap- 
pened to me or about me during the day ; I generally recalled 
the very dishes I had for breakfast,' dinner, and tea; the 
people I had seen and what they said; the editorials I had 
written and an abstract of them; the" letters I had sent and 
received, and the very language used 'as* near as possible; 
whin I had walked or ridden -everything in short that had 



come within my knowledge. I found I could say my lessons 
better and better every year, and instead of growing irksome, 
it grew to be a pleasure to run the events of the day in review. 
I am indebted to this discipline for a memory of somewhat 
unusual tenacity, and I recommend the practice to all who 
expect to have much to do with influencing men." 

Selected. 



EMPLOY WELL YOUR LEISURE. 



npHERE are many boys and girls who give as an excuse for 
-*■ not accumulating useful knowledge that they have no 
time. They blame their parents for not having sent them to 
school, but if they had really wanted to learn they could have 
done so in their spare moments. To prove this, look at the 
case of Samuel Drew, who was born in Cornwall, England, in 
1765. When ten years of age he was sent to learn the shoe- 
maker's trade. He somehow learned to read, but that was all; 
bis companions were idle and depraved boys and men. He 
fell in with smugglers and nearly lost his life at one time by 
the upsetting of a boat. Thus his youth was wasted. 

When twenty years old he was employed by a saddler whose 
shop was frequented by some men of cultivation; he listened 
to their debates and sometimes was appealed to as if he was 
as wise as they. This stimulated him to read that he might 
know what was debated, but his only opportunity to do this 
was at his meals; at every repast he made it a rule to read five 
or six pages. Some books were brought in to be bound, and 
among them Locke's "Essay on the Mind." This volume 
interested the young man very much and he read it with care. 
It is tough reading and requires much thought. It counseled 
self-culture and he was aroused ; he felt a desire to be able to 
think like the author. His great difficulty was to know the 
meaning of words; he was obliged to keep a dictionary con- 
stantly by him. But after a time he overcame this obstacle 
and went on faster. To own a book was now his great desire, 
and by economy he at last accomplished it, purchasing " Pil- 
grim's Progress." From this time he went rapidly forward 
as a reader. He went into the business of making shoes for 
himself and devoted his leisure to acquiring knowledge. He 
read the works of Milton, Young, Cowper, Goldsmith and 
many others. The desire to write now took hold of him and 
after his day's work was over he got pen and paper and sat 
down by the kitchen fire, amid the cries of children, with 
the bellows for a desk, to compose poetry himself. But he 
soon left poetry and took up metaphysics: hi* "Essay on the 
Soul" was much admired. From this time he was recognized 
as a writer. He was made editor of the "Imperial Magazine," 
at Liverpool. The Loudon University wanted him to become a 
professor of moral philosophy and many marks of apprecia- 
tion were bestowed on him. 

Now notice, all of his knowledge he had accumulated in the 
leisure he had as a workman ; and he was accustomed to say 
that auy man who would read an hour a day could learn as 
much as he had. It is not the opportunity that is wanted, 
but the determination. 



<i » ii 



The perfection of conversation is not to play a regular 
sonata, but, like the nolian. harp, to await the inspiration of 
the passing breeze. 



-^yw», 



. .f< 



T/ 




120 



J- TT "VIE IN-! Hi IE IUSTRTJOTOB 




GEORGE! Q,. CANNON, 



KDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1883. 
EDITORIAL THOUGHTS 





ETHODS of praying are as various as the 
different forms of religious belief among 
men. There are probably no people who 
have any idea of a Supreme Being who 
do not in some form seek to gain his favor 
and protection. Wallace, an English 
traveler in Russia, gives a specimen of 
the manner in which some of the peas- 
antry of the northern part of that 
empire pray. They were formally 
heathens, and they have been known recently 
to pray first to their own heathen gods and 
then to St. Nicholas, the miracle worker, who 
is the favorite saint of the Russian peasantry. 

r Their prayers are couched in the most familiar 
terms. A Russian who has specially studied the 
language and customs of the people referred to 
q~ gives a specimen of their prayer: 

"Look here, Nicholas— God ! Perhaps my neighbor, 
Little Michael, has been slandering me to you, or perhaps he 
will do so. If he dose don't believe him. I have done him 
no ill, and wish him none. He is a worthless boaster and a 
babbler. He dose not really honor you and merly plays the 
hypocrite; but I honor you from my heart, and behold I 
place a taper before you!" 

In some parts of India, Thibet, they pray by machine and 
probably are as sincere as many people who are nearer home 
than they. 

There are many religious sects r in Christendom who never 
use their own words in prayer, but have written or printed 
prayers which are prepared for them. Among many of the 
principal sects, praying has been reduced to an almost empty 
form. Preachers and people address the Lord in a voice and 
tone which they would have those who listen to them believe 
are expressive of their ideas of His sacred majesty. This is 
sometimes carried to a ridiculous extent. Instead, however, 
of inspiring respect their tone and manner more frequently 
provoke ridicule, and expose them to the charge of hypoc- 
rasy. 

One of the evils which has become very prevalent is that 
men have ceased, as a general thing, to have any faith in their 
own prayers or the Being to whom they are addressed. When 
a man believes that the God to whom he offers his petitions 
does not answer them, he naturally thinks more of the ears 
which listen to them than he does of the earsof the Lord. The 
result is that he seeks to please the ears of his auditors. He says 
pretty things to them. It was only the other day that a noted 
preacher in the city of Washington quoted some very nice 
poetry in his prayer. We are told that he often does this. 
Theracare other preachers who are in the habit of using the 
finest language to the Lord in the presence of their congrega- 
tion. They extol Him in the most flattering manner, and 
describe His qualities as though He did not know Himself 
how exalted, great glorious and powerful He is. They also 
seem to think Him unacquainted with affairs here below; for 



they inform Him of many things in their prayers as though 
He were a stranger to them and needed to be told of what 
occurs here. 

An amusing story is told of a chaplain of the Senate. 
When the funeral ceremonies of Charles Sumner, Senator 
from Massachusetts, were being conducted in the Senate 
chamber he made a very elaborate prayer. He mentioned by 
name a large number of the officers of the government; but, 
while on his way afterwards to Massachusetts with the body, 
he recalled the fact that he had not prayed for the vice- 
president, and telegraphed back to have his name inserted in 
the prayer when it was published. This was a prayer to be 
heard of men ; and he was enough of a courtier not to have 
the president of the Senate, for which he did the praying, 
think that he had forgotten him. 

We should in praying express in simplicity the real feelings 
of our heart, avoiding vain repetitions, and not seek to tickle 
the ears of those who listen to our prayers. How beautiful 
and simple is the prayer of our Lord which He taught His 
disciples! Every child in praying to the Lord should believe 
in Him, and believe, too, that He will hear and answer their 
righteous desires, and they should approach Him with broken 
hearts and contrite spirits, confessing their sins and acknowl- 
edging their unworthiness before Him. This is the offering 
which the Lord delights in. People can pray when they are 
in the midst of multitudes, or in the midst of business. They can 
pray in their hearts. They can ask the Lord in that way for bless- 
ings which He will be pleased to bestow; and the Latter-day 
Saints should not only observe their prayers in secret and in family 
worship and in public worship, but they should also pray constant- 
ly in their hearts for the blessings which they need, and the Lord 
will hear and answer them openly as He has promised. No 
person in this Church can pray faithfully and properly unto 
the Lord without receiving from Him precious testimonies 
concerning His work. 

We have just read a letter in which one of our Elders 
describes a six day's walk in a foreign land to preach the 
gospel, the greater part of the way being through great 
forests where he did not see a soul. In speaking of his 
journey he said : 

"There were such opportunities for pouring out one's soul 
in prayer, and for reading the precious words of truth, and 
for singing the hymns of Zion, that 1 conducted two or three 
times every day whole meetings in which I was chaplain, 
choir, speaker and audience. Yet the peace which I enjoyed, 
the new cause for thanksgiving which I found in every hour's 
meditations, and the hundred-fold strengthening which my 
testimony to the truth of this work received during those 
hours of prayer and rejoicing, were sufficiently impressive and 
heavenly to mark those six days as among the happiest, if not 
the happiest, of my whole life time. If when I left home I 
felt pretty sure that the Lord had set up His kingdom in the 
last days, and that I was enrolled, by name at least, as a 
citizen therein, it had become a matter of knowledge to me 
before I left England for the continent; and if when I left the 
city in which I have been laboring, to take this journey, I felt 
that this testimony was so strong that nothing could shake it 
or tear it out, I return with it written in my bones, as much 
stronger than it was six days previously as it was, when I 
left England, stronger than when I arrived there." 

These feelings were the result of prayer. 



With time and patience the mulberry leaf becoms silk. 



m. 



i 



CTTT'XTIEIDTILIE IITSTRTJCTOR, 



121 




PETERBOROUGH CATHEDRAL. 



BY a. R. 



A CATHEDRAL is the principal or head church of a 
■£*■ diocese, in which is the seat or throne of a bishop in a 
sectarian church, called the cathedra. It first received this 
name in the tenth century. 

. A diocese is a bishopric, or ward, as we should call it, in the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints; that is, the 
territorial extent of a bishop's jurisdiction. In England the 
principal dioceses are coeval with the establishment of the 
Roman Catholic church in that land. 



the term Protestants was given to the followers of Luther; 
and it afterwards grew to include other sects that separated 
from the Roman Catholic church. The six protesting princes 
were; John, elector of Saxony; George, margrave of Bran- 
denburg ; Ernest and Francis, the dukes of Sanenberg ; the 
landgrave of Hesse and the prince of Ambolt. These were 
joined by the citizens of Strasburg, Nuremberg, Ulm, Con- 
stance, ,Heilbron, and seven other cities. 

But our little readers may say: "We know nothing of diets, 
electors, margraves and landgraves. What are they?" We 
will try to explain. 

The diet of the German empire (in which the supreme 
court of authority of the empire may be said to have existed) 







To-day we give a view of the Protestant cathedral at 
Peterborough, England. 

The word protestant is generally applied to those sects that 
protest against the supposed errors of the Boman church. 
History gives the following account of the way in which this 
term originated: The emperor Charles V., of Germany 
oaDed a diet at the city of Spires in 1529, to request aid from 
the German princes again.-t the Turks, and to devise, means 
for allaying the religions disputes which then raged in that 
country, owing to the opposition of Martin Lather to the 
Roman Catholic clergy. Against a decree of this diet, to 
support the doctrines of theohurohoi Rome, ail Lutheran 
princes, with the deputies of thirteen imperial towns, formally 
and solemnly profartai.on the 1 9th of April, 1629. Henoe 



--. 



was somewhat after the nature of a parliament or congress. 
It was composed of three divisions generally known as 
colleges, or we might say, councils; one of electors, one of 
princes, and one of imperial towns. The diet originated with 
an edict of Emperor Charles IV., of Germany, in 1356. 
Other nations of modern Kurope besides Germany denomi- 
nated their principal national assemblies diets. 

An elector was a prince of the old German empire, who 

had a voice in the choice of tl mperor. In the reign of 

Conrad I., king of Germany ('.tll'-'.tls), the dukes and counts, 
from being merely officers, became gradually independent of 
the sovereign, atid subsequently elected him. In 919 they 
confirmed the nomination of Henry I., duko of Saxony, by 
Conrad as the hitter's successor. In the thirteenth century 





123 



J"U"V7EMST XlLi'El HTSTRTJOTOR. 




seven princes, of whom one was a kins, three were arch- 
bishops, and three electors, assumed the exclusive privilege 
of nominating the emperor. An eighth elector, that of 
Bavaria, was made in K'i4S, and a ninth (Hanover) in 1592. 
On the dissolution of the German empire in 1806 the title of 
elector was merged in that of king, grand duke, etc., by all 
the German states except Hesse Cassel. 

Landgrave was a title assumed by some German counts in 
the twelfth century, to distinguish themselves from the 
inferior counts under their jurisdiction. 

Margrave is a title of rank formerly used in Germany, 
and equivalent to the Eoglish marquis. It means a count, or 
keeper of the borders. 

We must now return to our subject. Peterborough is a 
city of Northamptonshire, England, situated on the left bank 
of the river Nene. The cathedral is a fine specimen of Nor- 
man and early English architecture. It was founded in the 
year 655, by Peada, king of Mercia,* but was destroyed by the 
Danes, and afterwards rebuilt. It is in the form of a cross, 
476 feet long, with transepts 203 feet broad, and a tower 150 
feet high. Catherine of Aragon, first wife of Henry VIII. , 
ana Mary, queen of Scots, were both buried in this cathe- 
dral; but the remains of the latter were removed by her son 
James I., to Westminster Abbey. The Bishopric of Peter- 
borough was erected by Henry VIII. , out of the lands of 
dissolved monasteiies in the diocese of Lincoln. Before that 
time this church was called an abbey, and was dedicated by 
its builder to Peter the apostle, and this is the reason why 
the town is called Peterborough. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



c< 



^ONGRESS has adjourned and Judge Edmunds has failed 
^ to get the additional legislation he desired. We have 
another breathing spell. Thus it has always been — storms fol- 
lowed by calms and calms by storms. There have been times 
when it has seemed as though all the elements were so aroused 
against us that we could not escape. But the Lord has inter- 
posed, the disturbance has ceased, peace has prevailed and we 
have been allowed a short time of quiet. Twelve months ago 
a dreadful excitement prevailed concerning us. It seemed as 
though nothing but our destruction would appease the anger 
that existed. But the Lord has brought about a reaction. 

We had very interesting times in Washington the last days 
of the session of Congress. Senator Edmunds was determined 
to push his bill through and have it become law. Some of the 
Democrats appeared willing to help him. If they had been 
united they could scarcely have brought it up. One of the 
senators from Arkansas is a strong lawyer, is a member of the 
Judiciary Committee with Edmunds, and is a Democrat. He 
appeared to favor the bill, at least I thought so from the 
manner in which he acted respecting the other Edmunds bill, 
and the aid he was willing to render those who seemed to favor 
it. Senator Joseph Brown, of Georgia, is a Baptist, but he 
is greatly interested in Utah and her people, and though he 
does not believe in some of our views, still he is opposed to 



Mercia was one of the amient Saxon divisions of England compris- 
ing a large portion of the middle of that coantry, or including about eighteen 
of its modern c ttii 9, 



all kinds of persecution, and is willing to contend for our 
rights under the constitution. In a letter to us he used the 
following language: 

"Senator Edmunds' motion to take up thebill in hothaste the 
other morning was voted down. I desire further time to con- 
sider it before it is taken up for action and I think the others 
do. I should be very glad to do anything I can to keep it off 
till there is such an investigation as will enable us to give it a 
calm and dispassionate consideration. I think there is some 
mischievous features in it. While I do not approve of poly- 
gamy, I cannot afford to strike down our personal rights and 
liberties with a view to punish your people. There are cer- 
tain principles of government that we cannot afford to sacrifice 
for any consideration. I trust you will all find it compatible 
with your sense of duty to get rid of the plurality of wives 
within a reasonable time, and laws not violating fundamental 
principles, that look to that end would meet my approval. But 
I cannot tear down the pillars of the temple of liberty to 
reach your people, when there is danger that I will cause the 
whole structure to fall down upon the heads of the entire 
American people. However, the object of this is simply to 
say that I want justice done in the premises and right to 
prevail ; but I do not wish to act in unreasonable haste." 

This gives a correct idea of the man. He had prepared 
himself to mike a strong argument against this new Edmunds 
bill, but he did not get the opportunity. Senator Call, of 
Florida, also felt warmly on the subject, and made a very 
strong argument against the bill when Senator Edmunds 
brought it up. As we watched the progress of the debate we 
exercised all the faith we could against the passage of the 
bill; but it seemed that it must pass. Everybody appeared 
to think it would, because there were not enough Democrats 
to defeat it, and Senator Edmunds had such control of the 
Republicans that they would all vote for it. But here a sin- 
gular providence interposed. One of the Cabinet, Secretary 
Chandler, of the Navy Department, had made a dinner party, 
and some of the senators were invited to it. They left the 
chamber, and the consequence was the Senate was soon 
without a quorum. When the Democrats found this out they 
raised the point of order that there was no quorum, and for 
four hours they continued to baffle Mr. Edmunds, much to 
his anger and disgust. By means of this little incident his 
plan was defeated, for he saw no time after this when he could 
get the bill up again. 

Of course we were compelled to be very watchful, and when 
twelve o'clock came on the 4th of March, Brother Caine and 
myself felt exceedingly happy, because the effort to get this 
wicked legislation enacted had signally Tailed. 

We shall have a new House of Representatives next Con- 
gress, and it will be Democratic. Perhaps it will not be so 
easy to get hostile legislation through that body against Utah, 
for there is a disposition on the part of many, at least, of the 
Democrats, to respect the Constitution, and to hesitate at 
aiming a blow even at us when by so doing they will violate 
its provisions. 

Our enemies at home feel very flat, I am told, about their 
failure to accomplish anything against us this winter. They 
are a miserable lot of people and are really beneath the con- 
tempt of honest folks. Not content to dwell in peace and 
quietness here and enjoy the liberty that abounds, they are 
continually hatching schemes by which to gain possession of 
our country and destroy us and every vestige of our religion. 
Many of them would not hesitate to commit murder or any 
other deed of violence to accomplish this. 



& 




'•-?), 



J~ TT "VIE IsT I LIE IJSTSTBUOTOB, 



123 



as 



One of tLe most notable things in cjnnection with this per- 
secution against us is the attitude of what is called the 
"Josephite" organization. I see by the papers that Joseph 
Smith and one of his companions have been at Washington 
to see Secretary Prelinghuysen respecting a circular that was 
issued by Secretary Evarts when Hayes was president, on the 
subject of our emigration. The object, it seems, of their call 
on the secretary was to impress him with the difference 
between their party and our Church; that they do not believe 
in plural marriage, and therefore were not open to the terms 
of that circular. They would like to make us out to be very 
wicked and to be anything but Latter- day Saints, while they 
represent themselves as the "Simon pure," genuine article. I 
have never entertained any respect for this crowd since the 
attempt which they made, when the Cuilum bill was before 
Congress, to fan the flame of persecution against us and 
have that bill parsed. They played the same part last Winter 
as soon as persecution began to rage against us. They were 
on hand to do their part towards urging on the dogs of war. 
They are as bloodthirsty and murderous as apostates always 
were, and the present Joseph Smith and his associates seem 
to be as eager for our destruction as the howling mob was in 
Missouri or in Illinois for the destruction of his revered and 
martyred father and the faithful Elders who were associated 
with him. Nothing better than this can be expected from 
such an organization. It was apostate in its inception, it was 
built up by apostates, it continues to be fed by apostasy, and 
the accessions to its ranks are principally of the same class. 
It is a sad spectacle, and one that cannot be contemplated 
without pain, to see the son of so noble a prophet and so great 
a seer engaged in fighting and seeking to destroy that work of 
which his father, under the Lord, laid the foundation. 

Yet not one word that the Lord has spoken concerning the 
seed of the Prophet Joseph, nor any of the promises He has 
made to that seed, will fall to the ground unfulfilled. There 
will yet be men of his race and blood who will be mighty in 
the kingdom of God. But it will not be those who are 
engaged in the murderous work of seeking to destroy the 
Church of God and to shed the blood of His servants. 



THE TRUTHFUL INDIAN. 



ONE of the first settlers in central New York was Judge 
White, who established himself at Whitestown, about 
four miles from Utica. He brought his family with him, 
among whom was a widowed daughter with au only, child — a 
fine boy, about four years old. The country around was an 
unbroken forest, and this was the domain of the savage 
tribes. 

Judge White saw the necessity of keeping on good terms 
with the Indians, for as he was nearly alone, he was com- 
pletely at their mercy. Accordingly he took every oppor- 
tunity to assure them of his kindly feelings, and to secure 
their goml will in return. Several of the ohiefe oame to see 
him, and outwardly seemed paeilir. 

One day an aged chief of the Oneida tribe, and one of 
great influence, who resided at a distance of a dozen miles, 
oame ; Judge White received him with marks ill' respect, Mini 
introduced his wife, his daughter, and her little boy. lie 
was exceedingly anxious to make a favorable impression upon 
the distinguished chief. lie expressed his desire tn settle in 



the country, to live on terms of amity and good-fellowship 
with the Indians, and to be useful to them, by introducing 
among them the arts of civilization. 

The chief heard him out, and then said: "Brother, you 
ask much, and you promise much. What pledge can you 
give of your faith? The white man's word may be good to 
the white man, yet it is wind when spoken to the Indian." 

"I have put my life in your hands," replied the judge; "is 
it not evidence of my good intention? I place confidence in 
the Indian, and believe he will not betray it." 

"So much is well," replied the chief: "the Indian will 
repay confidence with confidence ; if you will trust him he will 
trust you. Let this boy go with me to my wigwam — I will 
bring him back in three days with my answer!" 

The mother sprang forward, and running to the boy who 
stood at the side of the sachem, looking into his face with 
pleased wonder and admiration, she encircled him in her 
arms, and pressing him to her bosom was about to fly from 
the room. A gloomy and ominous frown came over the 
sachem's brow, but he did not speak. 

Judge White knew that the success of their enterprise — 
the lives of his family — everything depended on the decision 
of a moment. 

"Stay — stay, my daughter," he said; "bring back the boy, 
I beseech you. He is not more dear to you than to me. I 
would not risk a hair of his head. But, my child, he must 
go with the chief. God will watch over him ! He will be as 
safe in the sachem's wigwam as beneath our own roof." 

The agonized mother hesitated a moment; she then slowly 
returned, placing the boy on the knee of the chief, and kneel- 
ing at his feet burst into a flood of tears. The gloom passed 
away from the sachem's brow, but he said not a word. He 
arose and departed. 

The time wore slowly away, and the third day came. The 
morning waned away, noon arrived, yet the sachem came not. 
There was a gloom over the whole household. The mother 
was pale and silent. Judge White walked the floor to and 
fro, going every few minutes to the door, and looking into the 
forest. 

As the last rays of the setting sun were thrown upon the 
tops of the trees around, the eagle feathers of the chief were 
seen dancing above the bushes in the distance. He advanced 
rapidly, and the little boy was at his side. He was gayly 
attired as a young chief, his feet being dressed in moccasins, a 
fine beaver skin was on his shoulders, and eagle's feathers 
were stuck in his hair. He was in excellent spirits, and so 
proud was he of his honors, that he seemed two inches taller 
than he was before. He was soon in his mother's arms. 

"The white man has conquered," said the sachem; "here- 
after wc are friends. You have trusted an Indian — he will 
repay you with confidence and friendship." 

lie was as good as his word : and Judge White lived for 
many years in peace with the Indian tribes, and succeeded in 
laying the foundation of a flourishing and prosperous com- 
munity. Selected. 




Nil two iliiiiL's differ mure than hurry and dispatch -hurry 
is the mark of a weak mind, dispatch of a strong one. 

A lively imagination is a great gift, provided education 
tutors it. It not, it is nothing but a suil equally luxuriant for 

all kind- of seeds. 



■ 8J 



w 




124 



CTTT^IEILTILIE! I1TSTRUCTOB. 



MAN'S 



WISDOM NOT 
FICIENT. 



SUF- 



BY S. WORTHINGTON. 



MAN, we are informed in holy writ, is made in the image 
of his Maker. Not only does he possess the same general 
outline of form and features as his Creator, but also the same 
attributes. That man has the attributes of Deity is not saying 
that he is equal with God. The mighty oak tree with its large 
trunk and wide-spreading branches, had its germ in the acorn. 
This small acorn, after shooting forth out of the ground, passes 
through a process of gradual development, subject to the 
influences of the sun, the soil and the atmosphere before it 
becomes a tree. Man contains within him in embryo the attri- 
butes which, if properly developed, will make of him a per- 
fect being — a creator like unto his Father. But it is not the 
mere possession of a gift or of power that brings honor or 
reward with it, but the use or application that is made of it. 
"All truth, as well as all intelligence, is independent in that 
sphere in which God has placed it, to act for itself, otherwise 
there is no existence. " Man is an intelligent being, and, as before 
stated, possesses the attributes of God. He is a free agent and 
independent in that sphere in which God has placed him to act 
for himself. But we are also told that, "Every man who 
receiveth not the light is under condemnation." To say that 
man is a free agent and then to say he will be condemned if 
he does so and so, might appear to be a contradiction of terms. 
Both statements, however, are correct and consistent, one with 
the other. It is a natural law that fire burns. Does it inter- 
fere with a man's freedom to tell him that if he puts his hands 
on the hot coals he will be injured by so doing? This is no 
more true of the physical, than it is of the moral or spiritual 
laws of his being. We are free to choose light or darkness; 
truth or falsehood, but our agency does not exempt us from 
the effects o 1 ' our choosing. Joseph Smith tells us there are 
three independent spirits — the Spirit of God, the spirit of man, 
and the spirit of the devil. But does roan's independence of 
action give him the right to break laws without suffering the 
penalty 9 No. He can no more break laws with impunity 
tlian he can receive a blessing without obeying the law upon 
which it is predicated. 

Man. though an intelligent being, yet of himself and by his 
own wi-dom, is insufficient as a guide or instructor to lead 
himself or others to a knowledge of the truth. This is abun- 
dantly testified to by the present condition of mankind. What 
do the religion, and the philosophy, of to-day offer 
to mankind for their acceptance? Any definite system 
of truths or principles? I think not. But rather conclu 
sions drawn from investigations and researches concerning the 
antiquity and origin of man, which are speculative and 
conjectural at the best. Some are trying to prove that, man 
descended from the ape. Others, that in the early history of 
man, the people lived together in tribes, presided over by 
a chief. These chiefs in process of time gained great influence 
over their subjects and were venerated by them until they 
became invested with the title and dignity of gods. This we 
are told is the probable origin of man's idea of a God. I need 
not remind the readers of the Juvenile of the sectarian idea 
of God. and, as it is incomprehensible, I shall not attempt 
to define it. 

I would ask, can man by his own wisdom find out God or 
judge His handiwork? Nay; many men do not consider that he 
is a necessary factor in their investigations. They do not seek 





to prove that man has a divine origin, but by making com- 
parisons between the different classes of apes they try to form 
a connecting link between these and the lowest type of 
humanity and to show that civilized man is the product of a 
series of changes and developments from the ape to his pre- 
sent condition. Others there are who seek to account for the 
scource of all life or existence. Can they do so? No; but 
confess that this is the "unknown quantity in the equation " 
which they are unable to find out or solve. "Man in the 
beginning was with God. Intelligence, or the light of truth, was 
not created or made. " Is it likely that they will be able to trace 
the origin of that which had no commencement? Man is the off- 
spring of Deity— of God, the Father. "The elements are the 
tabernacle of God, yea man is the tabernacle of God, even 
temples." Man the tabernacle of God ! What an important 
being! This "is man's place in nature." God, the Father ; 
man, the child, or son. Is not the relationship a pleasing 
one? But do men acknowledge this? "Behold, here is the 
condemnation of man, because that which was from the begin- 
ning is plainly manifest unto them and they receive not the 
light." Man will not receive the light of truth, but prefers 
being led by his own intelligence. The lesser light seeks to 
account for the greater. The finite trys to solve the infinite. 
Is there a way by which man can come to a knowledge of the 
truth? "He that keepeth His commandments receiveth truth 
and light until he is glorified and knoweth all things." Here 
then is the key by which the "equation" can be solved and 
the "unknown quantity" found. The plan, or condition, is a 
simple one, but leads to great results. But the great majority 
of mankind are like Naaman, the leper. They think the 
means are too simple. What, wash and be cleaned ! And 
they turn away with scorn. But before they can solve the 
question of man's origin and destiny, they will have to turn 
round, like Naaman, and accept the conditions that are offered 
them. The principles of the gospel are not based upon alge- 
braic formulas or equations, but upon obedience. Without 
this mankind can never arrive to a knowledge of God or to a 
true conception of His laws. He may examine the earth's 
crust, read lessons from the sunbeam, gather "sermons from 
stones," and "read books in the running brooks." Or, gazing 
upwards at the shining stars, his mind may be filled with awe 
and admiration as he views the mighty and wonderful crea- 
tions of God; yet, unless he humbleth himself and turns from 
the error of his ways, he cannot receive a fulness of the knowl- 
edge of God, for "every man, who receiveth not the light, is 
under condemnation." In reflecting upon man's self-depen- 
dence for light and knowledge concerning the works of the 
Creator we are reminded of some lines written by Longfellow, 
in which he compares God to a potter, and man to an earthen 
jar. 

"Turn, turn my wheel ! this earthen jar 
A touch can make, a touch can mar; 

And shall it to the Potter say, 
What makest thou? 1 hou hast no hand? 
As men who think to understand 
A world hy their Creator planned, 

Win* wiser is than they." 



Words are nice things, but they strike hard. We wield 
them so easily that we are apt to forget their hidden power. 
Fitly spoken, they fall like the sunshine, the dew, and the 
summer rain; but when unfitly, like the frost, the hail, and 
the desolating tempest. 



m 



J'TJ'VEIsriXjE I2^STBUOTOB, 



125 



SB 



'STICK TO YOUR BUSH." 



BY E. F. P. 



It. 

El 



A MAN, who had accumulated considerable wealth, was 
once asked how he gained his fortune. He replied that 
his success was due to an important lesson which he had learned 
from his father when quite young. 

In company with some boys and girls he was going to gather 
black-berries. After procuring a basket, and when about to 
start from home, his father called him to him, and said : 

"My son, when you find a good bush, stick to it until all the 
berries are picked before going to the next." . 

The young man did as his father advised him. When even- 
ing came he had more berries in his basket than all what the 
others had gathered put together. While the others were 
c&ntinually changing about from one bush to the other, pick- 
ing a few berries here and a few there, he kept at one bush 
until he had cleared it. 

The young man was impressed with this simple lesson. In 
his after life he applied it to his business, and it proved to be 
the main cause of his success. 

Many other young men might profit by this lesson if they 
will only remember it and put it into practice. 

When a boy or young man undertakes to learn a business 
or trade, he should stick to it. Never mind what it is, so long 
as it is honorable and healthful. After once chosing the 
branch of industry you have a taste for, do not give it up. If 
you find you do not like it after working at it a short time, do 
not get discouraged and abandon it for that reason. Work at 
it until you get a liking for it. Make up your mind that you 
will master your work, and go at it with a determination to suc- 
ceed. Take an interest in everything you do. Use your brains 
as well as your body, by keeping your mind on your work, and 
do everything in an intelligent .manner. You should not 
expect to succeed without an earnest effort. Remember it 
takes time and hard labor to excel in anything that is good. 

By laboring with a desire to become proficient in your busi- 
ness you will find that it will become a pleasure to you. It 
will not appear so difficult to master after all. 

Getting a start is the most arduous task with any one who 
undertakes to learn a branch of industry. Most all who have 
become expert in any trade have had difficulties to contend 
with at first. But when these are once overcome their work 
bee noes interesting. They beget a love for it, and become 
anxious to learn it thoroughly. Their minds are continually 
on their work, and it becomes a hobby with them. You will 
observe that the most skillful tradesmen are those who are 
the most interested in their labors. They go at their work 
with their whole souls, and it is a pleasure to them to pursue 
their particular avocation. This is, in fact, the secret of their 
success: for unless a person is interested in his work he will 
never excel in it. 

Bui BOme may find, after starting to learn a business, that it 
is nol a very good one— that it dues not pay well — and for that 
reason they give it up to try something else. This is not a 

wi-e plan. It is always belter to keep at one thiiiL' until you 
have given it a fair trial, to see whether you are adapted for it 

or not. Never take into consideration whether it will pay 
«ili Tr. to excel in it [f it is considered a poor business, so 
n.ii.li i in- better. You will thereby have more scope to exer- 

ingenuity ami energy. You can make your work 

profitable by your own skill, application and economy. By 
acquiring a practical knowledge of your business you can be 



able to make improvements in it that will benefit not only 
yourself, but society as well. 

But this can only be done by persistent labor, and that, too, 
in one direction. No one need expect to thrive well in his 
business without putting his mind to it and continuing at it 
until he has overcome all obstacles that, may be in the way. 
None will succeed by constantly changing about from one 
thing to another. 

There are some people who are never satisfied with the 
branch of labor they are pursuing, whatever it may be. They 
are always wanting to try their hand at something else. They 
imagine that some other kind of employment would suit them 
much better. They fancy they see some bright prospects in 
some other direction than the one they are going. They are 
chasing phantoms of fortune that vanish as they approach 
them. 

Persons of this character lack stability. They are fickle- 
minded. They are of but little benefit to themselves or any- 
one else. There is no demand for such persons. Mankind 
can get along as well, perhaps better, without as with them. 
By taking this course they will never succeed; for that boon 
is only reached by those who have their aims continually in 
one direction. 

Many boys, who have a desire to learn a trade, start at some 
branch of labor and give it up because they get but small 
wages. This is indeed a very poor excuse for not sticking to 
their work. The wages a boy gets by working at common 
labor, during the few years he might be. learning a trade, 
amount to very little. Then compare the wages of a common 
laborer to those of a tradesman and you will find in the long 
run that it pays much better to learn a trade, even if you 
have to work a few years for nothing, than to be without 
one. 

This is not the only advantage of learning a trade. There 
is always a demand for skillful labor in every department. 
Again, a man who learns a trade, or a business that requires 
skill, and does his work in a neat manner is generally orderly 
and economical in all his habits. He is usually more industri- 
ous, and is a more useful man in any community than one who 
follows no particular business. 

I would say to the boys, learn a trade, by all means. When 
you once begin at any branch of labor stick to it until you 
master it thoroughly. 

Even if you do not wish to follow the business you under- 
take to learn, it will be a great benefit to you if you learn it 
well. No one will regret the time spent in acquiring a practi- 
cal understanding of any branch of industry. 



Life. — We read that, in certain climes of the world, the 
gales that spring from the land carry a refreshing smell out to 
sea, and assure thewatohful pilot that he is approaohing to a 
desireable and fruitful coast, when as yet he cannot discern it 
with his eyes. And, to take up once more the comparison of 
life to a voyage, in like manner it tares with those who have 
steadily and religiously pursued the course which heaven 
pointed out to them. We -hall sometimes find, by their con 
versation towards the end of their days, that they are filled 
with peace, and hope, ami joy: which, like those refreshing 
gales and reviving odors to tin; seaman, are breathed forth 
from paradise upon thoir souls; and rive them to understand 
with certainty, that God is bringing them unto their desired 

haven. 



r \S^i 



Z& 



126 



l ®'6hi 



J~ IT "VIE ZEST! LIE IITSTRTJOTOB. 



FALSE RELIGIONS. 



There are now several hundred different sects 
or religions in the world. Each of these, of 
course, claims to be the true church of God. Still, 
they nearly all say that the Lord does not speak 
to His children now as He did in olden times. 
Each preacher, therefore, gives his own opinion of 
what is true and what is false doctrine. By this 
means a great many people are led into error, and 
many wicked deeds are committed in the name of 
religion. 

An incident which occurred several hundred 
years ago in the city of Berne, Switzerland, will 
show how wicked some men, who profess to be fol- 
lowers of the Savior, can become. There were in 
those times two great religious parties called Dom- 
inicans and Franciscans. The former believed 
that the mother of Jesus was born in sin, while 
the latter believed that she was not. To prove 
that they were right, some Dominican priests 
undertook to get up miracles and revelations. A 
simple, honest country boy, named Jetzer, who 
was studying with them for the purpose of becom- 
ing a preacher, was chosen as the tool. 

One night as this youth lay in bed, one of the 
priests dressed in white came to him, and said he 
was the ghost of another priest who had been 
dead some one hundred and sixty years. But 
because of his sins he was detained in a place of 
torment. The ghost wailed and begged Jetzer to 
give him aid. Jetzer promised to do all in his 
power, and, as was the custom in those days, he 
fasted and prayed for the release of his visitor's 
soul from the place of torment. After several 
nights the ghost again came to the boy and said 
In was now released from the bad place for which 
he fell to thank him. This supposed ghost then 
told Jetzer that some persons were now suffering in 
tin- place where he had been because they had, 
while on earth, believed that the Mother of Jesus 
was born without sin. The promise was given 
thai Mary would herself appear to Jetzer and 
teach liiin correctly concerning this thing. 
Accordingly on the next night the priest dressed 
himself in female attire and came to the hoy. Six- 
fold him that she was born in sin but was made 
IVir from it three hours after her birth. She 
seemed quite angry because the Franciscans said 



she was at the time of her birth free from sin. 
She then promised to give Jetzer the honor of 
receiving the five wounds of Christ, which honor 
no person but himself had yet been worthy to 
receive. 

These things were told in all parts of Berne and 
the country around, and the people began to 
believe that the Dominicans were right. Many 
people came to see the youth who was to be hon- 
ored with marks like those of the Savior. 

The next time the supposed Mary visited Jetzer, 
she siezed one of his hands am 1 thrust a nail 
through it. But this gave him so much pain, that he 
became impatient. She, therefore, promised to 
make the other marks without causing him to suf- 
fer. The priests now gave him drugs which made 
him insensible, and while in this conditon, the 
other wounds were impressed. 

The visits of Mary were continued, but one 
evening another priest who had up to this time 
taken no very active part, wanted to act the part 
of Mary. He went into Jetzer's room, and com- 
menced to talk, but Jetzer knew his voice. He 
began to suspect the whole affair, and would 
receive no more visits. The priests being afraid 
that he would tell all about the affair decided to 
poison him; but he was listening at the door when 
they laid their plans, ami thereby escaped death. 
He ran away from the place where he had lived 
with these wicked men, and told about the whole 
scheme. The four priests were arrested, tried for 
blasphemy and sentenced to death. They were 
burned, and the ashes of their bodies were thrown 
into the river Aar which flows around the city of 
Berne. 

Thus do we see how Satan will mislead men, 
and cause them to commit wicked deeds. God's 
spirit never teaches men to deceive, lie, steal or do 
anything wrong, but the spirit of the evil one 
always encourages such things. The former 
brings peace and joy, the latter, sorrow and suffer- 
ing. Thus, children, you can always discern 
In 'tween the true and the false spirit. 



Little rills make wider streamlets; 

Streamlets swell the river's flow; 
Rivers join the ocean billows, 

Onward, onward as they go. 
Life is made of smallest fragments, 

Shade ami sunshine, work and play; 
So may we, with greatest profit, 

Learn a little every day. 



^ 



m 



^r-3^ 



JTT^TIEIDsriLIE IUSTBTJGTOE. 



127 



COLUMBIA'S FAIREST STAR. 



Words by S. C. Watson. 
Moderato. 



MUSIC BY E. Beesley. 



-\ — 4- 



^= 



-J* — I- 



^m 



:^~ «t 



:=|: 



0, "love - ly, love - ly 



-4 » 1 

, r — r — ^- 

Des - er - et, Thou en - sign to 

*z ■* -0- ! i ! -d- 






-s^- 



=^= 



:» 



£=i 



&=£z 



^i= l 1- 



:■!: 

4= 



the world; Thv fume is spreading 

I -m- 



rJ&z. 






r — r 



4 1 



=t 



rjii p ; 



far 

-< 

rt 






*=2= 






-Sir 



and wide, Thy banner is 
- -m- I --- - 



1 — 
un - furled; And 



'-mi # 



man - y 



thousands 






:t: 



:fc 



:t= 



I 



soon shall come To 






r- 



— 1- 



=t=t 



=t 



=* 



_|Sl 



see thee from 



l=S 



T" 
far- 



=1= 



4S=±fJ 



jg- r_ . 



j= 



1= 



Thou 

I 



high - ly favored spot of earth: Co - lum - bia's fair - est 

_ _. _ i 



:t= 



=1= 



3i 



E 



rtz=t_t 



4= 



3=1 fr =j 



—I 

:^r— 
-&7= 



Chorus. / 



PP 



=t- 



=fc 



star. 



-En 



— q- 



Co - lum 



"IS 



:tW: 






Co 



I u y i 

bia's fair - est star, fair - est star, 
I* "I I* ! m m m m 



lum 



it: 



bias fair - est 

■T» |»i p_ 




3=* 



J. r* 2 



:*i=s: 



*=3=== 1 =1 | _J — =j: 

thy might; Shed forth thy light, Co - lum - bia's fair - est 

3E 



-N-. 



star. 



S- 



it: 






l: 



:t: 



*=Epgi || 



lovely, lovely Deseret, 
Home of the rightous free; 

Asylum for the pure in heart — 
Our fond hopes cling to thee. 

And many good truth-loving hearts 
Pray Tor thee from afar; 

Blest home of Saints, abode of peace 
Columbia's fairest star, 



lovely, lovely Deseret, 

Thy blessings shall increase; 

And while o'er earth God's judgments pass, 

Thou shall lie blessed with peace. 

Thy living oracles divine 

Shall spread thy light afar: 
And all shall own I lice then to be 

Columbia's (aires! star. 



m 




J-TJVEISriLE IITSTEVOTOE,. 






OUR FOREION SAINTS. 



THE following extract from a letter written by Elder Ward 
Pack, Jr. , who is now on a mission in Germany, will 
doubtless tend to enlighten the minds of some readers of the 
Instructor in regard to the condition of the Saints in that 
land : 

"It has been nearly a month since I heard a word of English, 
and if I desire to talk I must speak 3-erman, providing I wish 
to be understood by those who are around me. I find the 
customs of the people in many respects very peculiar, but were 
it possible for me to speak the language fluently I would soon 
become accustomed to their ways. Kinder treatment could not 
be desired than that which the Elders receive at the hands of the 
Saints in this country. Instead of lacking food they are asked 
to eat in the house of nearly every member of the Church whose 
home they enter. Our people in this land are, as a rule, very 
poor. They have very plain and even rudely constructed houses 
and a very meagre living. But it is no wonder, for the wages of 
the laborer are very small indeed. One dollar a day is an 
exceptionally high price for a man's labor, and boys from fifteen 
to eighteen years of age seldom earn more than eight or ten 
marks (two or two and one-half dollars) per week. The wealth 
of this nation is in the hands of a very few men, comparatively 
speaking, while millions of people who toil from morningtill night, 
and even on the Sabbath until 2 p. m., never receive more 
than enough to last them from day to day with the bare neces- 
saries of life. Think of it! A man with a family laboring from 
year to year and yet unable to gain a foot of land which he can 
call his own or a roof from the shelter of which a landlord can- 
not drive him ! Let a workman become ever so proficient in his 
business it will avail him nothing excepting perhaps a few cents 
more per week. The people are so bound down that the most of 
them are almost afraid to say that they have a soul of their own. 
Those who have not witnessed these things can scarcely imagine 
how terrible it is in the world. If the Saints in Utah could but see 
for a moment how their brethren and sisters in foreign lands are 
compelled to live, I feel sure that a united and grand effort would 
be made by them to gather in the scattered seed of Israel. I 
never realized until now how favored and blessed Utah is. I 
can truthfully say that no amount of wealth could tempt me to 
live anywhere on the face of the earth except with the people of 
God." 



TIME ENOUGH 



Two little squirrels out in the sun — 
One gathered nuts, the other had none ; 
"Time enough yet," his refrain ; 
"Summer is still only just on the wane." 

Listen, my child, while I tell you his fate; 
He roused him at last, but he roused him too late ; 
Down fell the snow from the pitiless cloud, 
And gave little squirrel a spotless white shroud. 

Two little boys in the schoolroom were placed — 
One always perfect, the other disgraced ; 
"Time enough for my learning," he said; 
"I will climb by and by from the foot to the head. 

Listen, my darling! their locks have turned grey; 

One is a governor sitting to-day; 

The other a pauper, looks out at the door 

Of the almshouse, and idk-3 his days as of yore. 



Two kinds of people we meet every day — 
One is at work, the other at play ; 
Living uncared for, dyingunknown — 
The business-hive hath ever a drone. 

Tell me, my child, if the squirrels have taught 
The lesson I long to impart to your thought? 
Answer me this, and my story is done: 
Which of the two would you be, little one? 

Selected. 



CHARADE 



BY F. H. SMYTH. 



My first is a person 

With great expectations, 
Who depends on the means 

Left by his relations. 

In cloth manufacture 
My second is found — ■ 

Gives employment to hundreds 
All the year around. 

My whole is a relic 

Of friends gone before, 

From one generation 
To a dozen or more. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 6. is Utah. 
It has been correctly solved by Elizabeth A. Mumford, Jane 
Bowen, Elizabeth J. Bowen, Herriman; Adam H. Peterson, 
Wanship; Maria Beazer, Kiysville; Lovina E. Brewer, Hen- 
neferville; J. W. Brown, Kanarra; Fanny E. B. Chapman, 
Margaret L. Jones. Johnson Springs; Geo. H. Crosby, Jr., 
St. George; S. E. Hyde, Spring City; Samantha P. Bawson, 
Harrisville; Nephi Savage, J. F. Pickering, Payson; L. J. 
Holley, Springville; Louis Holther, Ogden; Jno. W. Saun- 
ders, Geo. Haslam, Geo. Harne, Era Stevenson, F. W. Tay- 
lor, F. J. W. Hewlett, J. K. Haslam, Martha J. Haslam, 
Salt Lake City. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q,. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 

Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




