
'r-^^^ P ESERET SUNDAY S 



FROM THE UDr.ARY OF THE 
SALT LAKE CITY I. UTAti. 




M 



JUV[NIL[ INSTRUCTOR 



ll^l,imSAlMB^ l^Al^l 



SI 






^'^ 



(Published Every Vlternate Saturday. 



mmi umm m m iMeiwi lit itifitsti ii tti ttttt 



eloli:n"ess to thie lok.id. 



-_«J256^^5;"5S>-~S_>— 



J?i6t iL'itfe aZi th.1/ getting- get understanding. — "OLQJ/TOJT. 
Ihere is no Sxcellenae without Labor. 



EIJIDEI^ C3-EOx^<3-E Q. c -^ 2sr nsr o 3:T, EiDirroi^. 



Volume Eight. 



For the Year 1873, 




a^UBLISHEQ ^Y aEOIlGE Q. Cjl]^J<fO]<f, 



SALT LAKE; Cl^Y, UWAB TERRIVQRY. 



^ 



i*'iii'i(r«H*itMi 



^-;5==^>P«- 



Ht*'l.Hw»l,Ml«M,Mll»»»*'l('»i( II _ ^^ ^ ^ 




GVV. 




Digitized by tine Internet Arcliive 

in 2011 witli funding from 

Corporation of tine Presiding Bisliop, Tine Cliurcli of Jesus Clirist of Latter-day Saints 



littp://www.arcliive.org/details/juvenileinstruct81geor 



go2^te]:n"ts 



S7, 94, 102, 
179, 186, 194, 



American Idol, A Popular 1 

Anecdotes of Horses, 8,14 

Anecdotes of Wild Animals, 59, t36, 91, 98. 110, 119, 126, 

143, 150, 158 
Arab School, An 93 
Allegory, An 140 
Ascending the Alps, 161 
All Hail my Sabbath Schoolmates, 168 

Buffalo, The 205 
Bell of St. Paul's, 190 
Beacon, The 189 
Butterfly Fish, The 109 
Baby School, A 39 
Beggar at the Gate, The 41 
Boy's Voyage Aiound the World, A 78. 
106, 118, 122, 131, 139, 146, 1.54, 167, 170, 
2(.)2 
Baby learning to read, 72 
Blessings of To-day, The 96 
. Baby's Kights, 96 
Baby's Prayer, 13() 
Beautiful Prayer, A 147 

Christmas, 4 

Corner Loafer Sketched, The 204 

Country Scene in Japan, A 169 

Child, a Panther and a Dog, A 151 

Columbus and the Wise Men ot Spain, 121 

Curious Bridge, A 117 

Chinese Kites, 103 

Crocodile of the Ganges, The 89 

Chicken Stealing,61 

Cork, 54 

Coster Cutting TS'pe, 25 

Crane, The 21 " 

Correspondence, 8, 16, 24 31, 40, 48, 56, 96, 16(1, 187 

Charade, 8, 184 

Child and the Rill, The 88 

Country Children, 128 

Children's Puzzle, The 144 

Christmas is Coming, 207 

Chemistry of Common Thing.s — -Jewelry 2, Elements 14, 
The Earth 22, The Atmosphere 31 , 38, 47, Heat 54, 58, 
71, 74, Gases 86, 93, IlluminatiDg Materials 102, Waste 
Materials 106, 117, 123, Experiment 138, Metalloids and 
Metals, 147, Elements 155 

Do as Near Right as You Can, 40 

Dutch Garden, A 105 

Dishonesty Detected, 174 

Didn't Thinks, The 197 

Daughter Annie, To My 12 

Don't Sit Around Waiting for Luck, 124 

Dick's Watch, 192 

Example, An 204 
Ernest's Twilight Talk, 176 
Enemy Sowing Tares, 17 
East Indian Agriculture, 29 
E.xhibitions in Ancient Rome, 38 
Eagle and the Baby,_ The 77 
Exquimaux and their Dogs, 1 1 3 
Editorial Thoughts, 4, 12, 20, 28, 



92, 100, 156, 164, 172, 180, 188, 196, 204 

Franklin, Anecdote of 1 00 
Flying Fish, The 1 33 
Fishing, 185 
Festal Day, The 192 
First Suit, The 168 

Gideon's Fleece, 137 

Girl-Lesson of Order, A 143 

Giraffe, The 149 

Glass of Wine, One 1 59 

Glissading, 173 

Gutta Percha, 183 

Go Home Birdie, .32 



16, 44, 52, 60, 6S, 76, 84, 



Hindoo Cleanliness, 207 

Happy Family, A 53 

Home Love, 99 

Hiring a Clerk, 171 

Hard Bargain, A 198 

History of the Church, 3, 11, 22, 27, 34, 46. .50, 63. 71, 74, 

82, 90, 114, 125, 134, 142, 150, 1.54, 166, 173, 181, 190, 

195, 203 

Isn't it wor.se for a Man? 37 
Indian Juggler, An 1 1 1 
Incident in African Life, An 129 
Incident of Life on the Plains, 157 
Italian Music Children, 176 
Invocation, 160 

Jealousy, or Kitty's Confession, 30 
Japanese Idol, The 73 
Jefferson's Ten Rules, 172 

Kindergarten, The 9 

Kind Driver, The 1 57 

King Fi.sher Kills his Prey, How the 196 

Kind and Polite, Be 35 

Kind Thoughts. 112 

Little People, The 152 

Learning to Pray, 180 

Little News Boy, The 48 

Learn all You Can, 207 

Lost in the Snow, 69 

Learned Sheep, 140 

Logan Jubilee, The 165 

Little Lessons in Chemistry, Nou-Metal Elements 1 62, 
170, MetalElements 182, Oxides-Oxidation 197, Elemen- 
tary Principles 206, 

^lassacre of the Waldenses, 5 

Murder of Agripjiina, The 33 

Mount Sinai, 57 

Miracle at Nain, The 65 

Mount Vesuvius, 101 

Music, 136, 160. 168, 184, 192, 200, 208 

Mordecai at the Gate, 177 

Men of Few Words, 196 

Mimic Farmer, The 64 

3Ir. No-bod-ee, 84 

Mother Taught Me How to Pray, My 1 58 

Novel Detective, A 206 
Never Give up, 24 
New Bonnet, The 136 

Order, 42 

Oriental Justice, 132 

Ostrich Farms, 139 

Old London Bridge. 181 

Old Story Newly Told, An 120 

Oltening Hymn, 136 

Our Darling, 1 84 

Our own Sunday School, 208 

Palm Tree, 45 

Paul Hampton's Good Fortune, 47,51 

Providence is over All, 200 

Inlaying School, 200 

Puzzle, 208 

Popping Corn, 152 

Questions and Answers, 7, 15, 16, 

62, 63, 70, 79, .80,83, 95, 112, 115, 120 
144, 152, 159, 163, 175, 191, 199 

Rack, The 13 

Reading of the Period, The 49 

Rescued, 105 

Rejoicing of the Jews, 1 93 

Spider can do. What all 
Stealing Apples, .31 
Swallow Tailed Hutterflv, .-.I 



U, 32, 43, 55, 56, 
•, 12.8, 13.5, 



CHURCH LIBRARY 

Urn Owrch o> Imut ChilM ot UtUMay MM! 



Solomon's Temple and the Pj-ramids, 92 

Sea Lions. 97 

Sea-pen. The 111 

Sunday School Gathering at Logan. 116, 124, 132, 140, 148 

Slans Talk by Young Ladies. KU 

Sacred Ibis, The 141 

Scene in India. lo3 

Stick to it, 207 

Sunday School Recitation, 32 

Sabbath School Sous. 52 

Torn Curtain. The 19 
Titus and his Family. 85 
Tom's Lesson. 205 
Three Little Texts, .My 72 
Trades and Definitions, 112 

Unpleasant Predicament, An 125 

Volcanic Eruption in Iceland, 79 

Visit to the Land and Hill of Cumorah, 108 

M'hat to do when AngPi', 142 

Wont of the Lord to Zedckiah, 145 

Whales. Lenirth of 148 

Whirlirii: Dervishes of Plirvpt, The 172 

Wild ( ),-its, I'.iij 



Would it be Humane? 
We are Si.\ Little (lirls. 



201 
104 



Young Missionaries, 80 

Zion is Growing, 184 



Christmas 4, To My daughter Annie 1 2. Never Give Up 
24, Go Home Birdie :!2, Sunday School Recitation 32, 
Be Kind and Polite 35, The Little Newsboy 48. Sabbath 
School Soug 52. The .Mimic Farmer 64, Baby Learning to 
Read 72. My Three Little Texts 72, Young Missionaries 
8(1, Mr. No-'bod-ee 84, The Child and the' Rill 88. The 
Blessinirs of To-dav 96, Baby's Rights 96, We are Six 
Little (xirls 104, Kind Thoughts 112, Trades and Defi- 
nitions 112, An Gld Story newly Told 120, Don't Sit 
Arimnd Waiting for Luck 124, Country Children 128. 
Opening Hyniu 136, Baby's prayer 136, The New 
Bonnet" 136. The Children's Puzzle 144, A Beautiful 
Prayer 147. Popping Corn 152, ^[y ^Mother Taught .^le 
How to Pray 158, Invocation 160, All Hail 3Iy Sabbath 
Schoolmates 168, Ernest's Twilight Talk 176, Learning 
to Pray 180, Zion is Growing 184, Dick's Watch 192. 
The Festal Day 192, Piovidence is Over All 200, Playing 
School 2(10, Christmas is Coming 207, Our own Sunday 
School 20S, Do as Near Right as you Can 40, The Little 
People 152, The First Suit 168, Our Darling 184. 




VOL. 8. 



SALT Lx\KE CITY, SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1873. 



NO. 1. 



J^ ZPOI^UL^IE?. j^.l^:El'U.TCJJ^l<r IIDOL. 



\\JE give herewith the picture of au Idol whieh is very popu- 
V lar in mauy lands, and is becoming exceedingly so in the 
United States. It is a curious Idol, and we would like you to 
examine it well. It is called Tdbacco. Its lower extreuiities 
are hidden by its worshippers and the incense which they are 
otFeriug up; but its body is a tobacco hogshead; and its sides are 
casks ol' tobacco, on which are boxes of various kinds of cigars. 
On these boxes of cigars rest its arms, which are composed of 
day tobacco pipes, aad its outstretched fingers are formed of 
uieerscLaum pipes. 
Cigar holders are 
its neck, while its 
uiouth is a box of 
cigars, its eyes are 
formed of tobacco 
pipe bowls, and 
the halo around 
its head looks 
like tobacco pipes. 
Altogether it is 
a hideous looking 
object for people 
to worship, yet it 
is surrounded by 
great numbers of 
all classes, from 
the Yfretchcd old 
Uiaii in front, who, 
sitting in his chair, 
puts the pipe into 
the littb boy's 
mouth, to the mis- 
erable youth who, 
stretched on the 
ground, has just 
vomited the con- 
tents of his stom- 
ach. They all seeaj 
to praise and extol 
the great idol Tobacco. The house behind is called a 
" Divan." This is a sort of temple for the idol. In "Divans" 
the worshijji)ers of Tobacco assjmljle to smoke, or in other 
words, to burn incense to their idol. You can see a number of 
them in the engraving seated on 'the balcony engaged in their 
worship. 

It is little more than three hundred years since Europeans 
obtained Tobacco fr om America. Now it ha.s spread over 




nearly all the world. It is said that no less than six millions of 
acres of the richest soil upon the face of the earth are annually 
devoted to the cultivation of this plant, and it is calculated that 
about four-fifths of the entire ixipulation of the globe use it in 
some form or other. Its effect upon the people who use it is 
most injurious. Intelligent, well-educated men, sometimes 
stare in astonishment when told that tobacco is one of the most 
powerful poisons known to mankind. Yet this is precisely 
what it is. Leeches, which are sometimes applied to suck the 

blood from bruised 
or inflamed parts 
of the human sys- 
tem, have been 
killed by the blood 
of tobacco smok- 
ers, so suddenly 
that they dropi)ed 
oft' dead immedi- 
ately after thry 
were applied. If 
used freely. To- 
bacco enfeebles 
the mind and 
weakens the pow- 
ers of intelligence 
and of moral en- 
ergy, and that 
vigor of intellect, 
one of the ele- 
ments of which is 
memory. 

The Lord, in the 
Word of Wisdom, 
says it is not good 
for man, yet how 
many L'itter-d;iy 
Haints use it! In 
the engraving 
which we give of 
surrounding it. To the credit 
ladies be it said, they do not u.>-e Tobacco. I'arents 
have no trouble to kei'ii their girls from chewing or sujoking 
Tobacco. Yet it is just as proper for girls or wonjcn to use ii, 
as for boys and men to do so. Diit what young man wiu'.d 
want a Tobacco chewer or smoker for a wife? 3Iany of the 
men thiiik, however, it is very nice for them to chew and smoke, 
as though mau's breath was sweeter under such circumstances 



the idol 
of th 



we see no women 



l-^ 





s 



CTTJ^ElsriLE IlTSTIS/TJOTOISy 



than womcu's •would be ! A young man would be ashamed to 
mirry a woman who used Tobacco. Every young lady among 
the Latter-day Saints should feel equally disgusted at the 
thought of marrying a man who chews or smokes. 

The use of Tobacco is apt to produce laziness. The loafers 
in our streets are generally smokers or chewers of tobacco, fre- 
quently both. Its use, also, makes men irritable and peevish; 
and, when not under its influence, melancholy. The etFect of 
Tobacco upon a man whose employment keeps him in-doors is 
more marked than upon others. His hand begins to shake, his 
mouth feels clammy and he has a bad taste in it; he loses to a 
great extent his flue taste for food; his appetite becomes 
capricious; he feels languid and indolent, and his memory 
becomes confused. In many instances worse results than these 
follow the habit. Tobacco soothes the excited nervous system 
at the time, to render it more irritable and more feeble uitim- 
atehj. 

An experiment was once made with the pupils of the Poly- 
technic School in Paris. They were divided into two groups — 
the smokers and the non-smokers — and it was jiroved that the 
smokers were far inferior to the non-smokers in various eom- 
jietitivc examinations. Not only on entering the school were 
the smokers in a lower rank, but in the various ordeals they 
had. to pass through in a year, the average rank of the smokers 
had constantly fallen. An eminent surgeon in speaking of the 
eft'ect of Tobacco on the human system says, he invariably 
found that palients addicted to Tobacco smoking were deficient 
ill manly fortitude to undergo any surgical operation, however 
trifling, proposed to relieve them from the sufl'ering of other 
complaints. 

No greatjuation, the people of which use Tobacco extensively, 
tan long maintain its greatness. Walk through the cities where 
Tobacco is constantly used, and where the whole breathing 
atmosphere is saturated with the malaria of Tobacco, and you 
will notice the slender form and sharp features of the young 
men. They are an inferior race. The flush of health is not on 
the cheek; Tobacco has driven it away. Excessive smoking 
has liad no small share in producing the degeneration of Spain. 
A Spaniard is scarcely ever seen without a cigar or cigarette in 
his mouth. It was observed during the wars of Napoleon and 
Wellington in Si)ain, that the Spanish ofiicers passed the whole 
d;iy in smoking, in cutting and mincing Tobacco to make 
cigarettes, and in eating and sleeping — and never existed men 
sunk in such idleness, indolence and apathy. Spain was the 
first of all the European nations to adopt the use of Tobacco. 
She was then the foremost nation of Europe. She had the 
I)roudest palaces and the strongest castles, the bravest warriors 
and the boldest navigators. She was once the home of chivalry, 
and the emporium of the arts and sciences. She gave the 
world the first metallic currency that had credit among all 
nations. But now how changed ! Her people have lost their 
phy>ical and intellectual vigor. 

What are the causes of this change? Not Tobacco alone. 
IJut without doubt its use has helped to bring her down. The 
same effects which fallow the continued use of Tobacco in 
i:idividuals and families, are visible in her as a nation. Spain 
is now one vast tobacco shop, and its only consolation is, that 
other nations are fast approaching its level. 

Like the Spaniards, the Turks constantly indulge in the 
vi:;ious habit of smoking Tobacco. And year by year they 
lieconic more degraded piiy.-.ic;Jly and mentally. J)uriug the 
Crimean war the Turkish otricers were found to be ignorant 
lazy and indolent, constantly stupefied with Tobacco. 

In the Liiited States the habits of smoking and chewing are 
bi'comiiig frightfully prevalent. Every time we go to the 
States wc are struck with the spread of these pernicious prac- 
tices. Boys go through the .streets with cigars in their mouths, 
as though it were something to be proud of. I'ut we need not 

go out of this city of Salt Lake to sec such sights. We have 



silly boys and young men here who ape the strangers who come 
from the States, and who seem to think it is a manly accom- 
plishment to smoke and chew filthy Tobacco. They act as if 
they did not btlievo the word of the Lord respecting Tobacco; 
but if they were less ignorant, they would know that the Word 
of Wisdom is literally true and given for their benefit. 

It is only the other day that we heard of the de^th of an old 
acquaintance iu the States. While eating, he accidently cut the 
side of his mouth with a fork. It was a trifling wound ; but 
he was a smoker, and in smoking he poisoned the wound with 
nicotina, the poisonous alkaloid that is in Tobacco. From that 
slight wound he, though a very strong, healthy man, died. A 
short time since the telegraph informed us that a United States 
Senator had had a shock of paralysis, brought on, it was said, 
by excessive smoking. Paralysis has become very prevalent 
of late years in the nation. Many prominent men have been 
carried off by it. Without doubt the excessive use of Tobacco 
contributes to this. 

The Latter-day Saints, with the word of the Lord before 
them, should not use Tobacco. But how is it in regard to its 
use ? It meets us on almost every corner. It defiles the pure 
ait of our city. One cannot walk a block without being 
annoyed by the smoking of some puppy. Ladies are not pro- 
tected from the disgusting smell of Tobacco. There was a time 
when gentlemen thought it very bad manners to smoke in the 
presence of a lady. Now persons who claim to be well-bred 
smoke while riding with ladies, or while walking with them on 
their arms ! Women can have great influence in checking this 
disgusting and unhealthy practice. Let them — young and old 
— set their faces against the use of Tobacco in any form. 
Every mother should teach her sons the Word of Wisdom, and 
the evil results of using Tobacco. Let it be banished from 
society, except for bruises and sick cattle as directed by the 
revelation. The foul odor of the breath of the Tobacco smoker 
and chewer, which is so oflFensive, should never be known in 
our midst. The Idol Tobacco should never be worshipped by 
Saints. Let it, like every other idol, be thrown down and cast 
aside, and the Latter-day Saints become a pure, clean, healthy 
race of people, in whom the Lord will take delight. 




[For the Jucenile Instructor. 



%lmihh% ol €ommaa ®|ittn$« 



CrEAA/^ELI?.3r.-3SrO. 2. 



IT is thought by many that ancient jewelers used gold, silver 
and copper in the state they found those metals iu the earth; 
this is doubtless true of the earliest artificers, but may not 
always apply to those of the great nations of antiquity who, 
undoubtedly, understood the art of alloying metals. Jewelry 
shown at the Great Exhibition of 1851, in London, consisting 
of rings, armlets or bracelets, brooches, and a large number of 
curious ornanjcnts in gold and silver, that were grouped in such 
a way as to determine the state of art in diflcrent ages and 
show the progress that had been gradually made from the 
earliest to modern times, prove that metallurgy was well under- 
stood. There are instances on record of ancient jewelers using 
alloys for fraudulent purposes too, and no doubt cheap orna- 
ments were commonly used then as now. Roman writers tell 
us of the practice of wearing golden ornaments in very early 
times, but the practice seems to have been confined then to the 
I'atricians — the nobility. We read of the "great indignation of 
the noiiles U])on the elevation of a certain poor notary to a dis- 
tinguished ofilcc," in consequence of which "they laid aside 



.■P 



%Jl 




J TJ ^ El nsr I L El IIsTSTI^TJOTOI^ 




their gold rings and bracelets," a mode of showing indignation 
that would be laughed at now; but we may infer from it that 
the ruling classes alone wore golden ornaments. Badges of 
distinction are even now worn by the great, with chains of 
ofiice, stars and jewels of every conceivable form; the mock 
mosaics and tawdry trinkets of modern times ai"e meant to be 
imitations of these coveted "badges." A bit of gilt copper 
with an attachment of some ribbou constitutes one foreign 
decoration, among many, that some are proud to wear; and many 
who can not attain to this distinction are equally proud to 
wear the brilliant fripperies made by the artificial jeweler that 
have no gold in their composition — all imitation, all gewgaw, 
but — pretty. 

However, to enable persons to know golden articles, care has 
been taken to establish institutions that may guard society 
against fraud, articles are stamped with marks which make 
known, and are in fact a guarantee of, the value of the [/old. 
But even these marks are imitated, so that the only reliable 
guarantee is the word of the honest trader. A man of integrity 
will charge a fair price for the article he sells; some jewelers 
give a written guarantee of the quality of the gold. They 
charge for "fashion," that is, making according to style; with 
men of this stamp everybody should deal, not with flaunty 
"fancy fairs" and vendors of trash that is worthless. If a per- 
son buys an article of gold it is Intrimkally valuaUe^ should 
misfortune arise it may bo sold for its value as gold; but a 
uiillion of dollars invested in decorative shoe buckles, agralFes, 
ornamental buttons, fancy watch keys, and other imitation 
jewelry is lost to a conjmunity 1 

The "Hall Mark," in and upon real jewelry shows its value 
by certain figures stamped thereon; in buying a ring marked 18, 
which means that number of carats fine, 18 parts only out of 24 
are tine gold, the remainder, one quarter of the entire wcigltt is 
ailoy^ \'l carats is Italf base metal; 22 carats, the mark of the 
old fashoned wedding ring, only tico parts out of 24 is alloy. 
It the weight is known it is easy to tell, if we know the price of 
gold, how much the metal iu an article is worth. As to the 
appearance of the metal, its color, even its finish, now-a-days 
nothing can be known by it, except by the experienced and by 
testing. 

The art of making artificial jewelry is practiced with great 
sac;;ess in Paris and other cities, millions of dollars being expend- 
ed in this branch of industry. It is well to know how to dis- 
tinguish the real from the false, for we may have to pay dearly 
for our experience without this knowledge; but especially is it 
well to know ?(//// loliom, you deal in buying jewelry I 

BETn. 



h: T 



S T o i^ 3r o ^ 

O S: TJ I?. O HI. 

{Continued.) 



T h: B 




THE volunteers, as soon as the treaty was effected, were dis- 
banded, and they made preparations to vacate the city. 
Some went up the river, others down, while a few crossed over 
to Iowa as fast as they could. About 'i o'clock on the 17th of 
September the mob forces, numbering over fifteen hundred, 
marched into the city. They camped at the foot of the hill 
near Parley Street. Speeches were made to them, and some of 
them .screamed and yelled like savages. The chairman of the 
Quincy committee took possession of the keys of the Temple; 
but the mob paid no attention to the treaty, and the Quincy 
committee, had they been so disposed, had not the force to 
compel them to regard it. No sooner had they encamped than 
a company was dispatched to search the wagons that were on 
the bank of the river, and they took all the guns and pistols 
they could find. The houses of Brothers Fullmer and Hey wood 



were entered, and everything in the shape of arms and ammu- 
nition was seized, and their families threatened. Parties of 
armed men roamed around town ordering families to leave at 
short notice. Even the sick were treated with cruelty, and 
families were molested while burying their dead. Ihe mob 
went through the Temple, up to the dome of the tower, and 
rung the bell, yelling and shouting, some of them inquiring, 
"Who is the keeper of the Lord's House now ?" A preacher, 
who was in the mob, ascended the top of the tower, and pro- 
claimed with a loud voice, " I'eace ! Peace! Peace, to the 
inhabitants of the earth, now the 3Ijrmocs arc driven !" 

The mob forces held their headquarters at the Temple. 
They established a sort of a court at which the right of several 
of the inhabitants, who were not "3Iornions," to citizenship 
was tried. Some of these people, with their families, were 
ordered forth in two hours. This mob company went from 
house to house plundering cow-yards, pig-pens, hen-roosts, bee- 
stands, bursting open trunks and chests, and taking everything 
they wanted without stopjiing to inquire whether the plunder 
belonged to the "Mormons" or not. Several of the Saints were 
seized by the mob and baptized iu the river, those engaged in 
sousing the brethren used the most blasphemous language, 
while their companions stood swearing and yelling on the bank. 
Brothers Charles Lambert, Daniel Davis, Silas L'ondit and some 
others were thus treated. They seized Colonel C. M. Johnson, 
led him to the Temple, tried him by court-martial and passed 
sentence of death uiion him; Init they disagreed about the 
manner of his execution, and, finally ordered him to leave the 
city. 

W. E. Clifford in alluding to what had occurred in Nauvoo 
wrote : " When the mob marched into and took possession of 
.Nauvoo, I proceeded to Burlingtcn. I returned to 3Iontrose 
in ten days, and remained two weeks, not being permitted to 
enter Nauvoo. I find cases of suffering and destitution at 
which I shudder. The poor, the sick and the infirm on the 
banks of the Mississippi; some with nothing but God's canopy 
for a shelter, no food but what they received at the hands of 
charity, and this, too, in a government that is called republic, 
the constitution of which guarantees to every one his just and 
equal rights." 

Several articles appeared in the St. Louis papers describing, 
in eloquent and heart-touching language, the condition of the 
Saints, on the bank of the Mississippi river. The St, Louis 
Reveille said they were literally starving under the open 
heavens, with not even a tent to cover them. Women and 
children, widows and orphans, the bedridden, age-stricken, and 
tbe toilworn and pauper remnant of a large community; and 
that paper called upon the people to h.Jp them. 

Their condition was doubtless truly wretched, and had it 
not been for a providential flight of quails in large flocks, they 
would have endured much greater suffering. But it seemed as 
though the Lord had special compassion for His people in their 
deep distress, and He sent them a supply of food, in the shape 
of quails which settled in such numbers about their tents and 
wagons that many caught them with their hands. The people 
praised God that in their persecutions, and wanderings in the 
wilderness. His goodness and mercy were manifested towards 
them as strikingly and in a similar manner to what they had 
been to the Children of Israel while Moses was leading them on 
their dreary march through the wilderness to the Promised Land. 

The arms which the mob took from the brethren's wagons 
were never returned to them. If there was a good rifle taken, 
some anti-Mormon would be sure to appropriate it to his own 
use, and if anything was left in its place, it would be a poor 
gun, of little or no value to anybody. 

(To lie continued.) 



M.4JNnr praise virtue who do not practice it. 



^i 







« 



J TJ -^r E ITI L E UsTSTie.TJOTOI^, 



^^ 



®B0 Sa&ftiiU lit$ltJuclop» 

v^ ':x3 ^* "A^r* VMS 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1870. 




W 



HAPPY NEW YEAR to all our friends, 
aud esijecially to the readers of the 
Juvenile Ln'structor, in whose welfare 
we leel a deep and abiding interest, for 
they — the youth of the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saijits — are the hope 
of Israel, and we doubt not that many, and 
J wo trust most of theui, will be the pillars 
aud champions of truth and of the Church 
and Kingdom of God in days to come, 
n those now laboring in the vineyard shall 
; passed Death's portals. 
Jell a season as this — the beginning of a new 
is not unfrequently chosen by individuals, to 
resolutions to cease the practice of evils and 
(0 follies of which they may have been guilty in the 
pas'; such resolutions, however, are seldom kept, aud 
we hope that few if any of the readers of the Juvenile 
Ls'STRUCTun have need to form them, but that they 
have done in the past, and mean to do in the future, 
the very best they can, seeking continuallj'' for the 
Holy Spirit to help them to grow in wisdom and virtue as they 
grow in stature and advance in years. 

In reference to the "Juvenile" during the coming year, 
we wish to say to our readers, that, if circumstances favor, we 
intend at an early day, to introduce one or two new features 
into the pages of our unpretending little sheet, which will, we 
think, make it more acceptable to a large proportion of our 
subscribers. AVe have already purchased a number of very 
excellent engravings, and intend to print the present volume on 
paper of a quality superior to any that has been used in the 
I)ast; and we shall do the very best we can to make the 
Juvenile Instructor worthy the perusal and patronage not 
only of the children, but also of the heads of every family in 
tlie Church in this Territory. 

One aim which we shall keep constantly in view, will be to 
make of our little jiaper a journal for the Sunday school, and 
we shall endeavor to shape the length and character of its 
artiiles, and the language in which they are couched, so as to 
bo suitable for Sunday school lessons. The catechisms ah-cady 
commenced, on the Bible and Book of Mormon, will, we trust, 
prove acceptable. It is our intention to contiime them until a 
complete history of every important event contained in both 
books, shall have been placed before the children, in such a 
form as to be easily understood by them. One of our con- 
templated new features will, we have good reason to believe, 
prove spe<-ially acceptable in the Sunday school, and if intro- 
duced, will be greatly conducive to unity in the vocal exercises 
of the Sunday schcwls throughout the whole Territory. 

To benefit the families of the Saints was the only object of 
starting the "JuvilNlLE." IIow far we have .succeeded they 
are the best judges. In a pecuniary point of view it has not 
been a success, for excepting about two years since its com- 
mencement, it has not paid its working expenses. But we are 
satisfied that such a publication is needed among the children of 
the Saints. They must have reading of some kind, and if they 
can not procure that which will develop and strouglheu their 



^ 



mental powers, they will have that that will con-upt and 
weaken them. Reading of the latter class is abundant; of the 
former very scarce. The Ju\'i:nile Instructor is published 
expressly to supply our youth with good and useful reading. 
There is nothing admitted into its pages having the least ten- 
dency to degrade or deprave the minds of the young, but on the 
contrary, while all its articles are simple and plain,- they are of 
a character to elevate and strengthen. 

^Vith the improvements we have iu vievif, we are confident 
that it will be, more than ever, worthy of the support of the 
youth of Utah; but ns those improvements will involve a con- 
siderable additional outlay of means, we trust that our efforts to 
benefit them will meet with a corresponding response on the 
part of our young friends, and that each one of them, as well 
as the Superintendents and Teachers in Sunday schools, will do 
their best to increase the number of our subscribers. 



rPHE beautiful little poem, in this number, entitled " Christ- 
X mas," is from the pen of our talented and esteemed con- 
tributor, Mrs. A. Randall, of Spanish Fork. It is not the first 
contribution that we have received from her pen, and we trust 
it will not be the last of her productions that wilt adorn the 
pages of the Juvenile Instructor. We hope to hear from 
her as often as it will be agreeable and convenient to her to 
afford us that jileasure. We also invite correspondence or 
other suitable contributions, in poetry or prose, for the '"Juven- 
ile," from friends throughout the Territory, reserving, of course, 
the right in every case to use, or refuse the same insertion, in 
its pages. 



Contentment is more satisfying than exhilaration; and 
contentment means simply the sum of small and quiet )>leas- 
ures. 



irigiital ^t\t%m. 



OH:K.isa:n^-A.s, 



"Chrltsmas," and "Now Vi-ar's," where arc words so fraU2:lil with 

fun V 
To pycji hito their Btorkini^s, ecc liow tlic merry children run ! 
I,oiii^ before the day is hrciil<ine;, a host of joyous tongues wo liciir, 
.■HhoiiUiii;- "Tell us, mother darling, has dear old Santa Clans lieen 

here?" 
"Yes," she cries, "and all tood children, will from him a gift receive, 
liut If there is'aiiy nauglity, llieir stockings, empty sure he'll leave." 
Up they scamper, one and nil, in their haste some trip and fall, 
"I've V>een good," cries little .lolnmy, "come and sec niy gift, so 

funny ! 
First, there is some candies nice, next two naughty little niiec, 
A dog that !)arks, hut last of nil, is my beautiful glass ball." 
"My^gift is best," cries lillle Dick, "I have got a horfc and whip, 
Fan, has got n wax doll, too." " I've got a cooking stove," said Sue. 
"Kulh," said her ma, "what liavc you got?" "Oh, of goodies I 

have quite a lot, 
And now I'll just run down the lane, ami share my gifts with JIary 

Jane. 
Her father's sick, and they are poor, and Santa Claus goes by their 

door. 
I'll make her glad, poor little dear, I'll be her Santa Claus this year." 
"That's right my child," her mother saiil, "while you are warmly 

clothed and fed 
IJo not neglect those little ones, who lack life's comforts iu their 

homes." -A. K. 

Spanish Fork, December 27tli, 1873. 







0" TJ "V E ISr I Hi E] IIsrSTT^,TJOTO:R. 




:m:^ss^oi^e! oip tibiib ^at-j^ilidieitses. 



I 



N former numbers of tbe Juvenile Instructor -we gave 
you sketches of the Vaudois a people who inhabited the 



^V 




valley of the Alps, a eliain of high mountains which lie between 
Italy and France. The Vaudois are also widely known as the 

■ Waldenses. The 
engraving which 
we give you this 
week illustrates a 
period in the his- 
tory of this per- 
secuted jieople. 
They were a peo- 
ple who would not 
acknowledge the 
Church of Rome to 
be the true church. 
They would not ac- 
cept its doctrines, 
nor the pope as 
the head of the 
church. For these 
causes they were 
greatly persecut- 
ed. Frequently 
they were com- 
manded by their 
rulers to forsake 
their faith and to 
become members 
of the popular 
church. Armies 
were collected and 
marched against 
them, and they 
were threatened 
with destruction if 
they did not be- 
come apostates to 
their religion. But 
threats of this 
kind had but little 
or no effect upon 
them. "Prove to 
us," they said, 
"that our doc- 
trines are not con- 
formable with the 
Wordof God, (the 
Bible) and we are 
ready to abandon 
them; if not, cease 
to demand from us 
abjuration.'' But 
this did not satis- 
fy their enemies. 
With them "might 
made right." They 
had the power, as 
they supposed, to 
crush the Wal- 
denses and they 
were determined 
to use it. 

IMany were the 
persecutions which 
they endured. 
And in reading 
their history we 
are forcibly re- 



;^ 



,Si 



-^a 




J-TJ^En^ILE i:]srSTI?/TJGTOI^. 



cf] 



minded of the history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- 
day Saints. It is true the Waldcnses did not have the pure 
priesthood in their midst; but they loved and feared God, they 
kept His commandaieiits to the best of their abiUty; they 
endeavored to live pure and holy lives and to walk according to 
the Scriptures, and for these reasons they were hated by the 
wicked and they sought to destroy them. Eead what one of 
their historians writes about the measures which their enemies 
took against them, and they will remind you of measures taken 
against the Saints. A council of ladies was formed and the 
Presidentess was a lady of high rank. 

"These ladies," says the historian, "divided the town into 
districts, and each visits her district twice a week, suborning 
simple girls, female servants, and children, by their cajoleries 
and fair promises; and causing trouble and annoyance to those 
who do not choose to listen to them. They have their spies 
everywhere, who informed them of all Waldensian families in 
which there is any domestic disagreement; and then they profit 
by the occasion to blow the tire of division as much as possible, 
to separate the husband from his wife, and the wife from her 
husbaud, the child from his father and mother, etc., promising 
fhem, and in fact bestowing upon them, great advantages, if they 
engaged to attend their churches. Frequently they impel them 
to institute lawsuits against one another, and if once they have 
a hold of them by this handle, they never let them go until 
they have either apostatised, or are ruined. They know those 
who are unprosperous in business, and in general all families 
which fall into necessitous circumstances. And to seduce them, 
these ladles never fail to propose apostas,y to these persons 
when they are almost desperate. They make their way into 
the very prisons, and accomplish the release of criminals who 
giVi themselves up to them. And as they employ great sums 
of money in keeping all this machinery in motion, and paying 
those who sell their souls to them for bread, they make regular 
collections, and do not fail to visit all families in good circum- 
starcc), shops, taverns, gambling houses, etc., demanding alms 
for the extirpation of heresy. If any person of condition 
arrives at an inn, they lose no time in paying their resjieets to 
him with an empty purse in their hands." 

These missionaiies were not very successful in their attempts 
upon those who had grown up. "This race is incorrigible," cried 
they, "we cannot bend it; v^a must look to the rising generation." 
At one time the Waldenses had one hundred and forty 
places of worship. Their missionaries could go, it is said, 
from Cologne, on the river Pihine, to Florence, in Italy, 
and stay every night at the houses of brethren. JSut by the 
year IGo'), the year in which the massacre took place illustrated 
in our engraving, they were comparatively few in number. 
Ages before, they had penetrated into the lowlands, or Pied- 
mont proper. Now rigid edicts, enforced without mercy, confin- 
ed them to the three valleys of Luccrna, Angrogna, and San 
Martino. Their entire territory might measure twenty-five 
miles from north to south, and eigliteen miles from east to 
west; but the greater part of the surface was taken up by 
rugged mountains, inca|>abie of sustaining human life, and often 
barely accessible to the most daring mountaineer. 

They had suffered many jiersecutions !:>cfore this one of which 
wo write. Time and again they hud driven their eneuiios from 
their valleys, and when they had attacked their mountain fast- 
nesses and sought to overpower them, they had repulsed them 
with great slaughter. At one time when war raged, their 
enemies were so repeatedly defeated that their chiefs thought 
it must be because they were not accustomed to warfare in the 
mountains. They said they would have beaten the Waldenses 
a thousand times on level ground. A few days after, a combat 
t<3ok place on level ground, but the Walden.scs were .'till victori- 
ous. For this the latter gave the glory to God. 

The protest for commencing proceedings against the Wal- 
denses, in 1005, was an accusation that they had gone beyond 



the narrow limits assigned them, and had inhabited forbidden 
territory. But this was not all. A Catholic priest had been 
assassinated. The assassin was seized after committing another 
crime. He had been guilty of three avowed murders. I'ardou 
was promised him upon condition that he should confess plainly 
that he had killed the priest solely at the instigation of the 
Waldenses, but particularly because he had been, told to do so 
by one of their leading men. Berru was the assassin's name. 
He had not shrunk from committing murder, why should he hesi- 
tate at telling a falsehood ? A man who would dare to murder, 
knowing the punishment to be death, would not be likely to 
refuse to tell a lie to save his life. We have recently witnessed an 
incident in our own history by which similar means were used 
to criminate President Young and to make the world believe 
that he counseled murder. 

On the 25th of January, 1055, in the midst of a winter of 
terrible severity, an order was suddenly given, commanding 
every Waldensian living in Lucerna, La Tour, and five or six 
other places that were named, to abandon their homes. The 
penality for remaining was to be death and the taking of all 
goods. The unfortunate Waldenses in vain sent deputies to 
beg their ruler, the Duke of Savoy, to recall this dreadful 
decree. They proved that the places from which they were to 
be expelled had been granted them by former patents. While 
these deputies were still in Turin, an army of fifteen thousand 
men appeared at the .sntrance of the valleys. This was on the 
17th of April. The little body of Waldensian young men were 
not numerous enough to meet this force in the field, and they 
retired to the mountains. These they resolutely and success- 
fully guarded. But in the lowest parts of the vaheysthe old, 
the sick and those who had been surprised in their flight, fell 
into the hands of the savage soldiery. 

The soldiers, when they found that the places where the 
Waldenses had been told they must not live were deserted, did 
not stop. They advanced to the places where safe refuge had 
been promised. Iluin and devastation marked their progress. 
Houses, churches, barns— all were burned. But it was against 
the people that their fury was chiefly directed. No age or sex 
was spared. The men who fell into the soldiers' haijds were 
murdered in every kind of manner. Some were frightfully 
mutilated, and left to perish by a lingering death. Some were 
flayed alive and their" skins preserved as a memorial on a grated 
window at La Tour. Powder was poured into the mouths of 
others, and fired off, blowing the tojjs of their heads ofl". 
Children were torn limb from limb. Upon women the foulest 
indignities were perpetrated, and then they shared in the fate 
of their husbands and fathers. 

Our engraving is an expressive one. In the valley the work 
of destruction is going on, and in the faces of the poor fugitives 
who have fled to the mountain side arc seen the emotions of 
distress and terror with which they are filled at the sight of the 
horrilile outrages to which their friends are subjected. 

Children, how thankful you should be that you live in this 
age and in a land of liberty, where you and your parents and 
li^iends can worship God according to the dictates of your own 
consciences. The enemies of God's kingdom and of IIis 
truth have tried to jirevent this; but God has defeated them, 
and He will defeat them always if we serve and put our trust 
in Ilim. 



In youth you must lay in a stock of knowledge^ which may 
carry you through life, whatever your after pursuits may be, 
with usefulness and honor. But recollect, this is not to be done 
without excnlion, without the frequent sacrifice of momentary 
lileasure and gratification. Self-denial is a virtue of the highest 
<]uality, and he who has it not, and does not strive to acquire it, 
will never excel in anytliing. 



l^ 



"ht 




Cr TJ "V E:^ I LE IIsTSTI^TJOTOI?/, 




o:f i!vd:oK.3yLon:>r, 




CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 
(Continued.) 

LESSON IX. 

Q. — How were they carried over the sea towards the xiromiscd laud f 

A. — They were driven in the ship before tlie wind. 

Q._,\ft,er they had sailed a number of days, how did Lamau and 
Lemuel and the sons of fshmael and their wives behave V 

A. They bcttan to be merry, to dance and siug and to be very rude. 

Q.— What efl'ect did their conduet have on Nephi V 

A.— He bccan to fear exceedingly lest the Lord should smite them. 

Q.— Did he say anything to his brethren ? 

A. Yes; he began to speak to them with much soberness. 

Q.— Did they hearken to him ? 

A. No; they were angry with him, and Lamiin and Lemuel bound 

him with cords, 

Q._What followed this action of thci:s ? 

A. The compass which had been ijrexjared of the Lord did cease to 

work, and a terrible storm arose. 

Q. — How long did this last ? 

A. — Four days. 

Q.— Was Nephi bound all this time? 

A.— Yes. 

Q. — What caused them to loose him '! 

A. — The fear of being swallowed up hi the sea. 

Q.— Did Nephi murmur because of his afflictions '! 

A.— No; he praised the Lord all the day long. 

Q, When Lehi and the rest of ti.e company plead with his sons 

and the sons of Ishmael in Nephi's behalf, did they listen to them V 

A. — No; they threatened anyone who would speak for hiiu. 

Q. Then it was nothing but the fear of being drowned that caused 

them to repent ? 

A.— No; the power of God only could reach them. 

LESSON X. 

y.— What followed the loosing of Nephi? 

A.— He took the eomimss and it worked as he desired it. 

Q.— What else ? 

A.— Hcpraycd unto the Lord, and the winds and the storm ceased 
and there was a great calm. 

Q.— In what direction did the ship then sail ? 

A. — Towards the promised land. 

Q.— Did they reach that land V 

A. — Yes, after sailing many days. 

y. — On what part of this continent did they land V 

A. — In what is now called Chili, South America, near where the 
city of Valparaiso stands. 

Q.— What did they do when they landed ? 

A. — ^Thcy pitched their tents and began to till the earth. 

Q. — Did the seeds which they lirought with them grow '! 

A. — Yes; they were very fruitful. 

Q.— What did they find upou the laud as they journeyed iu the 
wilderness? 

A. — Beasts of every kind. 

CJ. — Can you name them ? 

A. — The cow and the ox; tlic ass and the liorsc; the goat and the 
wild goat, and all manner of wild animals which were for the use of 
man. 

CJ.— What more did they find ? 

A. — All manner of ore, tioth of gold, and silver, and copper. 

y. — What command did the Lord give to Nephi after he landed V 

A. — That he should make plates of ore. 

Q.— What for? 

A. — That he might engrave upon them the record of his people. 

y. — Were these plates preserved ? 

A. Yes; they were handed down from one generation to anotlicr. 

tj._Wliat promise did Lehi receive concerning this laud ? 

A.— If his people would keep the commandments of the Lord, they 
should prosper iu the land and should he kept from all other nations. 

Q.— Was this fuimied? 

A. — Yes, as long as they were faithful, 

(Jo he continued.) 



BIBLE. 



CATECHISM FOB SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 
(Continued.) 



LESSON VII. 

Subject — The Towek of Babel. 

Q. — After the flood were there many languages spoken among the 
descendants cf Noah? 

A. — No; the whole earth was of one language and of one speech. 

CJ. — What place did they Ihid to dwell in ? 

A. — A plain hi the land of Shinar. 

Q. — What did they then eommeuce to build ? 

A. — A city and a tower. 

Q.— What did they make to build it of? 

A.— Brick. 

IJ. — Wtiat did they do to the bricks to make them strong ? 

A. — Burnt them thoroughly. 

CJ.— How high did they propose to build the tower ? 

A. — So that it might reach unto heaven. 

Q.— What was their ot jcct in building this tower ? 

A.— So that they might not be scattered abroad. 

Q. — Who went down to see the tower ? 

A.— The Lord. 

CJ.— What did the Lord say? 

A.— That the people were one, and had one language, and n^jthmg 
would restrain them from doing what they imagined to do. 

Q.— What did the Lord do? 

A.— He confounded their language. 

CJ.— What was the result ? 

A.— They could not understand one another's speech. 

Q.— What then followed ? 

A.— They left olT building the city. 

Q.— What was the name of this place called ? 

A.— Babel. 

Q.— What became of the people after this ? 

A.— They were scattered abroad upon thejace of all the earth. 
LESSON VIII. 

Suhject—'inn Calling of Acuam. 
(j._What was the name of Abram's father ? 
A.— Tcrah. 

Q._What did the Lord say unto Abram ? 

A.— "Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from 
thy father's house, into a land that I well show thee. " 
Q.— What did the Lord piomise Abram if he did this .-■ 
A.— That He would make of him a great nation. 
Q.— Who went with Altrain ? 
A.— Lot. 

Q._Whowas Lot? 
A.— Aliram's brother's son. 
Q._ What land did they go to? 
A.— The land of Canaan. 

Cj._What did Abram build at diflerent places on his journey ? 
A.— Altars unto the Lord, and called on His name. 
Cj._What h!>ppened iu the land that was grievous V 
A. — A famine. 

(2 .--Where did Abram then go ? 
A— To Egypt. 
CJ.— What^vas the name of the King of Egypt? 

A. — Pharaoh. , , , , ,, 

CJ.-After they left Egypt why could not Abram and l-ut uwcll 

together? . , , ,, , 

A.— Becausethcirflocks were so large that their herdsmen riuarrellcil. 

CJ.— Who had the first choice of land ? 
A. — Aliram gave it to Lot. 
Q.— Which did Lot choose? 
A.— All the plain of Jordan. 
CJ. -Where did Abram dwell? 
A.— In the land of Canaan. 

Q.— After Lot had left what did tlie Lord say to Aliraiu ? 
A.— That all the land ho beheld iu every direction slionld he civcu 
him and his seed for ever. . , , 

(lo be mntintied.' 



S 



4. 



J" TJ "V" E IsT I L E IIsTSTI^TJOTOI?/. 




-A-ISTECIDOTES OIF" 
{Continued.) 



I3:OK.SES. 




rpiIE fljllowing is a terrible iiishuice of horse reveno;e, induced 
_L l>y the (rivkery and deceit of his master, who Kvcd near 
15o.ston, Mass. The horse used to run in a field, and when his 
owner wanted to catch hitu he would take a little ujcasure of 
corn as a bait. AVhile the horse was eating this his owner 
would put on the bridle. Several times the horse was 
deceived and cau;jht with tiie eujpfy measure, but the last 
time this was tried it cost the owner his life, for the enraged 
animal reared and, striking his master with his fore feet, 
killed him on the spot. 

Fox hunting is a very favorite aumsement among English 
country gentlemen, and an anecdote is told of a famous hunting 
horse belonging to one of them, strikingly illustrative of the 
power of memory, and of the spirit of revenge in horses. This 
animal had never been known to show signs of being tired lu 
the longest chase, and his fame and value were very high on 
that account. But one day his inhuman master took a notion 
to try his best to tire him out. He had been hunting with him 
all the morning, and then, after dinner, he again mounted this 
animal and rode furiously over hill and dale for several hours, 
so that when the horse was taken to his stable he could scarcely 
walk, he was so badly used up. Some time after the cruel 
'squire wont into the stable whsn his badly used horse jumped 
upon him in a furious manner and, if the groom had not inter- 
fered, he would certainly have killed him. 

A cruel operation was performed by a man upon a horse 
owned by an Irish nobleman, and the horse never forgot it, nor 
(ijr^ot his tormentor; and every time he saw him he wculd 
beojuie furious. Once the man was foolish enough to go so 
near to ihe horse that the latter could reach him, when he 
Seized him wilh his teeth and br^ke his arm; he then threw 
him duwn and lay upon him, and the bystanders were forced to 
shoot him to save the man's life. 

The following strange instance of courage and revenge on the 
part of an ass attacked by a bull dog, shows that every member 
of that patient race does not possess its proverbial stujiidity. 
Bull dogs arc, perhaps, the most savage dogs in existence, and 
no domestic animal, nor even man unless armed, is a match for 
tliem. The pfjor ass, however, used his heels to such good pur- 
pose that the dog did not gain any advantage; and at last turn- 
ing round quickly, the ass caught the dog with his teeth in such 
a manner that the latter was completely helpless. The ass then 
carried him to the nearest river— the river Derwent, the inci- 
dent occurn-d in England— and putting the dog under water, he 
h 11 him thi.rc until he was drowned. 

lIor.ses often form strong atUchments for other animals, such 
as sheep, dogs and cows, as w>.ll as for man. The following is 
told '>{ a horse and greyhounJ, which belonged to a gentleman 
who lived at Bristol, England : They slept in a stable together, 
the hound under the horse's manger. Iti time they became so 
strongly attached that the horse would hardly rest when the dog 
was out of his si^-ht. The gentleman was in the habit of calling 
at the stable for the dog to aecnnipany him on his mcjrning's 
walk.s. <)a leaving, the horse would look after the dog and 
neigh, as if a.-<king to go along; and when the dog returned he 
Would be welcomed witii a iii'i.'h, and then he and the horse 
would fond! ; with each other, as if overjoyed at meeting again. 
( )ne day while the groom had the horse and hound out for 
exercise a largo and powerful dog attacki^d the hound, and got 
him down and was worrying him badly. The horse, seeing 
the fix hii friend was in, s<;iz.jd the back of his assailant 
with his teeth, and gave him a terrible shaking, and the dog 
did not got loose until the piece of skin in the mouth of the 
horse was torn from his back. 

(To be continued.) 



[For the JuveniU InslrucUr, 



9)^ttuiti^nhtntt. 



The following letter is from a member of President tJeorge 
A. Smith's party, now on the way to I'alestine : 

London, Novemlicr SOlli, IS'i'.l. 
Eililor Juvenile Instructor: 

We arrived in London, Thursdny 21st Nov., and after epeuding a 
few days very pleasant!}' siilit-secing, among other things tlic Albert 
Memorial, AVcstmiiistcr Abbey and tlic nouscB of Farliament, I was 
permitted to accompany President George A. Smith, Miss E. 11. Snow 
and Elder J. F. Wells, on a visit to the Rev. Jabez Bums, U.B.L.L.D., 
at his study, Church St., London, N. W. This visit hy President 
Smith was in response to an invitation extended to him by the rev- 
erend gentleman, while the latter was on a visit to Salt Lake City. 

Monday, 25 Nov., at 10 a.m., we presented ourselves at the Imek 
door of Church Street Baptist Chapel, where the reverend gcntlcm.an 
ofllciatcs, and were met most kindly by him, and conducted by a 
narrow back staircase to a small, cold, dingy room, lighted by a win- 
dow in the ceiling, and warmeil by a gas-pipe extending across the 
room, the gas burning very dimly. 

The walls on each side, and one end of the room gave support to 
rows of shelves, which, together with an ancient looking table, quake 
beneath the weight of his seven thousand volumes, collected mostly 
within the last thirt^'-cight years, the time he has oIDciated, without 
intermission, as minister of the chapel. 

On a brief examination I found he had examined into the political 
and social as well as the religious welfare of the human family, "Mov- 
L-.ons" not excluded, for his library consists of books on nearly every 
suVijeet relating to the temporal and spiritual improvement of man- 
kind. 

Dr. Burns intimates that he has cpiit selling books after reading 
them, for the blessing he expects from jihilanthropieally supplying 
colleges and schools, gratis, is greater than the outrageously low 
Ijricc that second-hand literature will now produce. 

Our object was not to view his study and criticise it, but to return 
the compliment he extended while in LTlah, and to glean some inform- 
ation conccrninc our Eastern tour, throu'j,h ralestinc, Egj'pt etc. 

The aflalilc manner in which he supplied ns with all the informa- 
tion a thorough tourist possilily could, called forth our sincere 
th:mks. We were then conducted through a comfortable little chapel, 
capable of holding about seven hundred persons, neatly and com- 
pactly arranged, to our cab at the door, where we bade him good-liye 
and were driven to our comfortable boarding house, 51) Great Russell 
St., opposite the British JIuscum and near to the principal places of 
uitercst in the metropolis, where we met Elders Schettlcr and Little, 
and through them ascertained that arrangements had been made for 
us to leave London and commence our Continental tour on Saturday 
evening, by sailing for Rotterdam. London. 



[for I be .Ji:vav'e Itistniclo : 

G H ..^ I^ -A. ZD E , 



CY MISS CHAKLOTTE SHELLEY. 



I am eom[>oscd of l;-» letters: 

Jly t'l, 2, 1, 1, 7 is a city in Asia; 

My 1, 10, 3, 4, 10 is a river in Europe; 

My 8, 0, 1:5, 11 is the name of a bird;' 

My 12, 2, 5 is the name of a small animal; 

My whole is a river in North America: 



Is pub'isbed in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTIII^R SATURDAY. 

CEORCE O CANNON, EDITOR A PU8LISHEW. 

fiinyle Oopy, per Annum $2 

«r (Jrain broiicht to this City for the Juvenile Insthuctok will be 
icccived at the oDice of our pnpcr— Deskeet News Builuings. 



^1 



y. 



-j~j< 



