' f ^^.^/ryi^. 



y 




TUL 4. 



SALT LAKh CilY. SAIURUAY, NUVtMKER 6, 1869. 



NO. 2.3. 



a?HLE TIG-EI^ 



THE Tiger is one of the most beautiful yet most djstruotive 
of quadiupeds. Next to the lion, it is the most powerful of 
the species to which it belongs. It is a native of the warmer 
parts of Asia; is found in India and the Indian Islands; and 
may be found even in China and Cliinese Tartary. The marks 
of its coat or hide are most beautiful. The ground color is a 
blight orange yellow, the face, throat and the under side of the 
belly being nearly white; the whole is elegantly striped by a 
series of transverse black bars or stripes, which form a bold and 
striking contrast to the ground color. When seen in perA>c- 
tion, it is scarc^dy 
possible to conceive 
of a more e'egant- 
ly variegated an- 
mal than ihu tiger. 
The largest. ti- 
gers are those of 
India, called "Pioy- 
al tigers." They 
have somttiiiies 
been found ta nva- 
sure fifteen i'eet 
from the tip of the 
nose to the end o' 
the tail. Of all 
the grand and ex- 
citing field sjiorts 
of the East, there 
are none, it is .'aid, 
equaling that of a 
tiger-iiunt. Home- 
times as many as 
from ten to forty 
well - trained ele- 
phants, each car- 
rying sportsmen armed with rifles, join in the chase. 




three huge tigers walked out of the jungle. He shot one and 
killed it, and succeeded in wounding the other two. The 
wounded tigers re reated into the jungle and the Colonel sent 
liis 'beaters" to drive them out. Shortly afterwards, he was 
told that one of them had lain down in a thick, bushy clump, 
out of which he could not be forced. The officer concluded to 
march upon him. When he had moved into the jungle about 
two paces, he thought he saw the tiger, and he had hardly 
time to get his hand upon his rifle before the huge and fero- 
ciriivs Vi^'Hst wi ■ alninst uDon him. The colonel was steady, and 

as the'tiger came 



■on, he pulled the 
trigger. His rifle 
was a shell rifle; 
and the shell en- 
tered just over the 
beast's eye, burst- 
ing the brain and 
1 terally shattering 
the tiger's skull to 
pieces. He fell 
dead with his for- 
midable paws not 
four inches from 
the oflicer's feet. 
The blood from the 
animal's face and 
mouth .spattered 
all over his face, 
hands and nock. 

We extract the 
following tiger-ad- 
venture from the 
narrative"' of an 
English ofiicer who 



You can was some years ago iu command of a party in India, 
imagine liow great must be the exeitenient and the danger. "After a long day's marcli of lil'leen miles, across a country 

The tiger's method of seizing on h's prey, i.s liy stealth. He wherewith difficulty a ro.ad could be traced, we arrived at a 
conceals him.self I'rom view, and, with a horrible roar, springs > j„,|f,ie whieli was uiuisiiallv swampy, and which, from its si/,», 
upon his victim, whom he carries triumphantly away and tears ^,,,1 ,i,„ uti^med sta*e of the soldiers', I thought it proper to de- 
to pieces. And such is his strength, that he is able to carry off fer passing until the joUowing niorninir. 



a buffalo with seeming ease. 

The engraving wliich we give this week, is that of a Ptoyal 
tiger which was shut in one of tiio central provinces of India, 
by Colonel Bajot, The Colonel bad a large number of "beat- 
ers;" that is, native men who are engasied to go through the 
bushes and drive the tiirers into a ciicle by making noi.ses, 
tliruwing stones, etc. W bile be was waiting, to his horror, 




i had olwervpd several (locks of wild peacocks and turkeys 
while the tents were pitching, which always frequent the same 
dry hen thy grmind adjucenl to jungle^, that tigeis do; lint tiom 
our nmiibcrs, the c(nnpactiiess of our enemnpnietit, and the 
precaution I had taken to order tires to he kindled in various 
directions, I coneeiv ed we had little to fear from any visitthoso 
gentlemen iniKht think proper to pay us. I had hut just en- 
tered my tent, and wrajiped myself iu uiy boat-cloak, with 4 



^-.fl* 



■.r*-.»»*MM»^.>«*>— ■ 



¥^' 



17S 



J" TJ "V" IB isr I Hi S lJNrST:K.TJOTOJE2. 



<fyx 



view to doze away the remaining bnui- or twu, before we broke 
up for another day's march to join General R — y, when the re- 
portof a musket mused rae. I instantly started lo tlie entrance 
of my tent, and was questioning the sentinel who stood there, 
as to the direction of the sound, when a huge tiger, with mon- 
strous bounds, passed within a few yards of the spot where 1 
■was standing, with one of our brave fellows straggling in his 
jaws. My sentinel immediately fired at him; but tlie agitation 
of the moment prevented his taking a deadly aim. Tlie ba'l, to 
all appearance, struck him, from the enormous bound he im- 
mediately made, but only to increase his spe'd. We were, 
however, enabled to follow him, by some blood that now fell 
from him, or his unhappy pre}', and had already entered the 
jungle several hundred yards, before we began to despair of 
finding the latter alive, and of aiding his rescue. Judge of our 
horror, on hearing on a sudden a kind of sullen growl, or roar, 
which made the hills echo a still more dreadful sound; and the 
£iext moment, of our joy, on being greeted with a lialloo from 
our lost companion, about fifty yards farther in the jungle than 
we had penetrated, which was hearlily returned by those who 
joined me in the pursuit, and in a few moments more we met 
him limping towards us, with as joyous a face as ever I wit- 
nessed, even after the most flittering success. 

"The following account of his escipo he afterwards commit- 
ted to papei: — 'I was just returning, at a good brisk pace, from 
one of the posts down the jungle, where I had h-jen taking 
some victuals to my bed-fellow, when I heard a kind of rust- 
ling noise in some bushes, about six or seven yards behind 
me; and, before 1 could turn roiand to .ascertain the cause, I 
was pounced upon, and knocked down wiih such force as to 
deprive me of my senses, till I arrived opposite j-our tent; 
when the sudden report of a musket, together with a kind of 
twitching in my thigh, l)rought me to myself, and to a sense 
of the great danger in which I was; but, nevertheless, I did 
not despair. I now began to think of some plan of saving my- 
self; and, though carried away very rapidl_v, I felt, as well as 
saw, that j'our sentiners ball had, instead of hitting the tiger, 
struck me, and that I was loosing blood very last. I remem- 
bered that the bayonet was in my belt, and reflected that, if it 
was possible for mo to draw it, I might yet escape the horrible 
death that awaited me. I with difficulty put my arm back, 
and found it, and several times attempted to draw it from its 
sheath; but, from my position, I was unable. To describe the 
fears I now telt would be impossible; I thought it was all over. 
At last, thank Heaven! after another attempt with my utmost 
f irce, I drew it out, and instantly plunged it into his shoulder, 
lie bounded aside, and his eyes dished fiightfully; he let me 
down, but in-tantly seized mo agun above the hip, which at 
tirst prevented me from drawing my breath. I now had, from 
the change of positii-n, a fair opjmrtunily of kiding the mon- 
ster and savirg my life. I stabbed him behind the shoulder 
several times as deeply as the bayonet would enter; lie stag- 
gered, and fell, and i^gain let me go, rolled several yards be- 
yond me. I now thought myself sifc; and wai getting up, 
wdir-n lie rose, and, with a dreadful roar, again attempted to 
seize me, but again fell down, and rolled close to my feet. I 
now had the advantage of a fallen enemy, whicli I forgot not 
to turn to the be-t account, and again plunged my b:i\'onet into 
his side, which I suppose, from his struggles, pierced his heai t. 
I tlien fell upon my knees, and endeavored, but from the full- 
ness of my heirt, I was unable to return thanks aloud 
to Almighty God for his gracious goodness in delivering mo 
from so terrible a death. I rose and hallooed; my halloo was 
returned, and just afterwards I mot j'ou, or perhaps I might 
have been lo^t from my weakness.' 

"It would appear that the I'ger, either from the distance of 
h's leap or the hardness of the soldier's eartouch box, fortun- 
ately missed his hold, and seized him after ho had knocked 
him down, by his clothes, the cartoueh-box saving him from 
being b tten. But I am convinced that never did any man, if 
wo take into consideration the distanco he was carried before 
he released liimseif, and the circ nnstance of his being wound- 
el by the ball intended for the tiger, whicli directed lis what 
road to follow, more provideutiall}' escape to all appearance an 
inevitable death.' 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 






BOI^ OInT 



HEN Boracic aciJ is heated in a retort with PotassiuRi, 
the oxygen of the acid is attracted by the wetal (potas- 
sium); the elcuient Boron is thus set free in the form of a brown 
powder, tasteIo>s, inodorous and 'insoluble. At very high tem- 
peratures. Boron burns with brilliancy, uniting with oxygen, 
forming Boracic acid. 

A subsranoe called BouAX, which the student will use in the 
laboratory as a re-ar/eitt by and by, is deoomposed by sulphu- 
ric acid to obtain Boracic acid. 

Boron unites with metals, forming "Borates," most of whic'i, 
when molted, form a mass resembling glass, the color depend- 
ing on the metal in combination. Boron also unites with chlo- 
rine and fluorine; its compounds are of comparatively little 
interest with the exception of Borax. 

This is used as a. flux, and as a terf^by the chemist, that is to 
assist in biinging substances into a fluid state when submitted 
to heat; and to prorc the presence of elenien's sought after in 
analysis. l''or this reason it is called, in common with tuany 
other things, a re-a'jc,\t. By analjsis is meant the separation 
of the elements ot bodies from each other in such a manner as 
to determine what they are composed of. When this is done 
without estimating the quantities of the component parts, it is 
called a ^''qualitative" analysis, because the quality alone is de- 
termined. When the quintity of the component parts is 
detcruiiiiod, it is called a ^'quinlitatice" analysis. 

Borax is also used by the metal-worker, to assist in uniting 
metals. ^Ve see the tinner use rosin, or "Muriatic" acid (lij'- 
di'ochloiic). The brazier and jeweler use borax. In cither 
case, a mo;al is used for "solder," which melts at a lower tem- 
perature than the substance to be soldered. Now, when great 
heat is applied to metals, they oxidize, that is, the oxygen of 
the air is attracted in such a way as to enter in combination 
wiih the metal. Tkc borax prcrcnts lliix; a clean surface is pre- 
seut'jd to the .solder; besides which a proper flux for the solder 
is found in this useful substance. 

Borax is prepared from a crude substance, called "Tinkal," 
found in Asia and'in a fev/ places on this continent. It is jiroba- 
bly of volcania origin. Tiiikal is purified and sent to market as 
Borax, a semi-transparent crystalized substance resembling 
alum. Chemically, it is NaO, 2(BjO) plus HO; that is, Na- 
trium (sodium) and Oxygen, (or "soda"), with two atoms of 
Boron and three of Oxygen, added to water sufficient to crys- 
talize. It may be well to explain what is nu ant by the "water 
of crystalization." Take a piece of Uorax and submit it to heat 
in a metal spoon, held over a lamp. It will melt. .Vfter a 
time, it will swell, and vapor will pass off. Condense this vapor 
by placing a cold tumbler over it; taste the fiuid; it is water. 
In the spoon, a glassy substance remains. This is called the 
"glass of Borax;" when this is powdered, put it in a bottle; 
label it, keep it as a reagent. It is the "bi-borate of Soda." 
Lot us see its formula now as compared with that given above; 
it is now NaO, 2(B:;0). The 110 (water) is gone. Again- 
dis.solve some of this powdjr in rain water; let it evapor- 
ate; crystals will form; they have taken up a certain quantity of 
water again to form the substance called Borax. Water is 
nceessary to form those ciystals; it is called "the water ol'crys- 
taiizatiou." 






<^^ 



J'TJ^ElNriLE II^STI^XJGTOI^. 



179 



^ 



Borax is also used in medicine; fur a sore nioutli it is invalii 
able. The "glass of'borax" pulverized is prepared with myrrli 
as a dentifrice or tooth-elean ing substance. It is also taken 
internally in certain diseases. 

When the blowpipe is used, it becomes a most important re- 
agent. Many substances, quite infusible in ordinary fires, are 
melted. Then, the different colors of the flame enable the ope- 
rator to decide the nature of substances manipulated, and thus 
to facilitate bis researches in qualitative analysis. Beth. 



JLID^v^E2NrTXJI?.El OU" IPJ^ CJXj IDU 



CONCLUDED. 

I really believe all the snakes had come to bathe in this 
creek on that day; and I did not wonder at it, it was so hot 
and sultry. I had often met with snakes in the river before, 
but never in such great numbers and of so many different spe- 
cies: in little more than one hour and a half, I must have seen 
two hundred of them. I had never seen such a sight before 
and never bavo since." 

There has been some discussion as to whether snakes have 
the power of charming; but Paul Du Chaillu says he has seen 
it proven beyond a doubt that they have this power. As he 
lay ill under a tree, one day, his attention was attracted by the 
cries and chippering of a squirrel; and, upon looking up into 
the tree, he saw an enormous snake charming the poor little 
animal. The tiny fellow seemed delighted; his black eyes were 
bright and shining; his little tail was up; yet he was advancing 
towards certain death. The snake, all this while, was as still as 
death, and did not appear to move at all. Part of his body 
was coiled on a limb of the tree, and he looked intently at the 
squirrel. Nearer and nearer came the squirrel; louder he chip- 
pered. He tried to run awaj', but could not. At last, he had 
got to within a foot of the snake, and then there was a pause; 
with a spring like a flash of lightning, the reptile darted on the 
squirrel and had the little animal in his ugly folds in an in- 
stant; and soon swallowed liim whole. 

That snakes themselves are susceptible of being charmed, he 
says, is beyond all manner of doubt. He t.dls about a native 
whom he knew, and who, he says, had the power of charming 
snakes. Among the most venomous reptiles of Africa is the 
nnjii, a species of watersn-ike, often attaining the length often 
ieot. One day, this snake-charmer maae his appearance with 
a huge naja and much amused the crowd by teasing it. At 
first, lie had the snake around his body, and held it firmly with 
one hand just below the neck, but he had to use great strength 
to keep it in this position. Then, with one hand, he took it by 
the tail, gave it a swing and unfolded it from his body. He 
next threw it on the ground; but no .sooner did the reptile at- 
tempt to crawl away than the negro came in front of it 
with a light stick and instantly had it in his potver again, and 
once more wound it around his body, unlolding it again as be- 
fore. But this time, the horrid creature became so infuriated 
that he erected himself in front of the negro and filled the air 
with loud hissing sounds. The charmer became bolder and 
more careless, and th3 snake more used to his mode of warfare; 
and, in a moment, unexpected to all around, the man was bit- 
ten; but the snake was killed, The man was never well after- 
wards; and, on one occasion, in a moment of insanity, suddenly 
split his own head open with an ax. 

There are many curious i}eoplo and more curious customs 
among the inhabitants of Africa. Our explorer menlion> par- 
ticularly his visit to tl e village of Mebonderno, and the recep- 
tion ho met with from the people. He had reached the village 



and seated himself in the palaver-house— a huge shed built in 
the middle of the street. Soon, his majesty the king appeared, 
followi'd by some of the inferior officers of liis court. In honor 
of their foreign guest, they had donned the European costumes 
or rather, if what they all wore had been worn by one person, 
it would have constituted a complete suit. His majesty was 
first in rank and wore an old red English coat, and no other 
garment He also wore an immense pair of iron ear-rings. 
He was followed b.v the second man, a prime minister, who 
wore an old shirt with only one sleeve and no sign of buttons. 
It appeared to have been white once, but had evidently never 
been washed since it came into his possession. The third man 
had on an old beaver bat. Another that came after him, had 
on an old-fashioned neck-tie buckled so tight around his neck 
that he was obliged to hold his head in a very dignified position. 
Then came a fellow whose costume consisted of a pair of shoes 
only. These were the leading men of the village, and Dii 
Chaillu saj's they marched before him, and he looked at them 
and they looked at him, and asked him to notice how hand- 
some they were each one seaming to be very proud of his par- 
ticular article of wearing apparel. Of course their guest told 
them they were very fine. All the r st of the inhabitants of 
the village had their bodies besmeared with grease and ochre — 
the women having it on a little thicker than their husbands. 

These people have also many curious notions and traditions 
among them. The moon is their emblem of time; and when it 
appears, they think that before it again disappears, it will "eat 
somebody" — that is, some one will die, and to arrest this catas- 
trophe, the inhabi'ants assemble together and paint themselves 
in all sorts of colors and hold a war-dance. 

These are a few of the adventures of Paul Du Chaillu. Per- 
haps, at some future time, we may be able to toll you some- 
thing more about this wonderful explorer. 

RlJITIIA. 



ttl4*clo& ^adt^ii* 



B^sasis^ssss^BEa:s!^si 



j\/l:r. 3sroBOiD'3r. 



I know a funry little man, 

As quiet as a mouse, 
Wlio does the niiscbief that is done 

In everybody's house. 
Tlicre's no one ever sees bis face, 

And yet we all agree 
Tliat every plate we break, was crack'd 

By Mr. No-bcd-ee. 

'Tis be who always fears our books, 

Who 1( aves our doors ajar; 
He pulls the buttons from our shirts, 

And scatters pins afar. 
That squeaking door will always squeak, 

For prithee, don't you see, 
We leave tlie oiling to be douo 

By Mr. No-bod-ee. 

The finger marks upon the doors, 

]5y cone of us aio nindf; 
We never leave the blinds unclosed, 

To let the curtains fade; 
Tiie ink we never s-pill; the boots 

.That lyin.y round you see, 
Are iiot our boots; — they all belong 

To Mr. No-bod-eo. 






i^ ISO 



J-TJ"VE3^II1jE IILTSTI^TJOTOIE^/. 




(? 

*^'. 






f 



GEOKGE Q. CAlVTS'OiV, : 


ET>TTOK. 


SATURDAY, 


NOVEMBER 


fi, 


1 8 fi 9. 



EIDITOI^IJ^Ij thioxjoitts. 




VERY one of our little readers knows by 
experience how hard it is to spell our lan- 
{rua^e correctly. It takes j-ears of drilling 
and constant practice for a boy or a girl to 
loarii to spell properly. Rome do not learn 
to spell words as they should be, though 
they have been to school for years. We 
have acquaintances, who are well educated, 
who can not write a letter as it should be 
printed, their spelling is so incorrect. To write 
all the words correctly, they would have to look 
at the dictionary very frequently. The reason of 
this is our words are not spelled as they are pro- 
nounced. We pronounce them in one way and 
spell them in another. This makes the work of spell- 
ing a very heavy tax on the memorv. 

But you will, perhaps, ask, why we do not spell our 
words as we pronounce them? This is because our 
present method of spelling words has come down to 
us from many generations back, and when people learn it, they 
do not like to change. They have learned it, and they think 
others can learn it too; besides, the books are all printed in 
this style, and they think it would make confusion to have an- 
other method of spelling, however good. Then, again, if the 
spelling were changed, the etymology of the language wculd be 
changed; that is, we could not tell where the words were de- 
rived from — whether from the Greek, the Latin, the French, 
the Saxon, the Danish or the Celtic. So they stick to the old 
style. 

Now, if you will think how much time it has taken each one 
of you, and all your companions, and all tho children who have 
been to school and who have now grown to be men and women, 
to learn to spell, you can perceive how much time has been lost 
to the nations who speak the English tongue by this bad sys- 
tem of spelling. If your words were spelled as they are pro- 
nounced, a child would learn to read and write in a very short 
time. This would be a very great saving of time and labor to 
the whole people, and nhen our brethren and sisters should 
come from nations where the English language is not spoken, 
they could learn to read and write our tongue with but little 
trouble. 

About sixteen years ago, the Chancelor and Board of Re- 
gents of the Univeisity of Deseret, under the direction of Pres- 
ident Young, got up a new alphabet, which was called the 
Deseret Alphabet. Instead of there being only twenty-six let- 
ters, as in our present alphabet, they formed thirty-eight. But 
why, you ask, did the)' place so many letters in this alphabet? 
We will explain. You all knowthatsomeof our present letters 
have several sound.s. You were not able, in learning to spell, 
to tell what sound to give to the letter A until you were taught; 
for it d-^cs not have the same sound in some words that it has 
in others. But, in the Deseret Alphabet, it has only one sound, 
and no matter what word it is in, when you know that sound, 
you can pronounce it. So with every otlier letter in thatalpha- 
bet: it has but one sound. You can see how easy it must be 
to learn to read, and to pronjuso every word aright when it is 



written according to that system. Then, with the Deseret Al- 
phabet, there are no silent letters in words. If you know how 
to pronounce a word, and know the alphabet, you can spell it 
correctly. This will make it easy for every person to read, pro- 
nounce and write their mother tongue correctly. 

Suppose we take the words gate, mat, father, many, fall, 
and want, we find that A denotes six different sounds. How 
ludicrous would it be if we allowed the letter a to keep the 
sound ifs name expresses in the word futher, for instance; we 
should say ihanfinitlirr. Or suppose we gave to the first vowel in 
papi.i the sound which it has iu five of the above examples, it 
wou d never do. It would not do to say paypa, nor pahpa, 
uov pappa, nor paiyja, nor p>opp>a. 

We may take this a sound, and we find it is expressed in 
many other ways and in words in which the o does not appear, as 
in the woods name, pay, pair, great, vail, thfy straight, weighed, 
goal, reign, guage. Here we find no less than eleven different 
modes of writing one sound, and more examples might be given. 
Such irregularity exists to a greater or less degree, with every 
letter of the common alphabet and every sound in the language 
Tbe only guide to the spelling or the pronunciation of any 
word, is usage; and it tak^ s years of patient labor and study to 
as 'ertain with any degree of certainty the correct way to spell. 

There are many words in our language about whose spelling 
and pronunciation usage is divided. Let us take a few more 
examples. The letters E-A-R spell ear, if we prefix the let- 
ter h to tlds word, we do not produce the word heer but bear 
[hare). If we again add the letter d to those we have already 
got, we produce (not bear'd) but heard — the ornament which 
some men are so proud of. It to heard we prefix the letter h, 
we convert the word into heard; but if we leave out the d and 
add t instead, we make Jie.art. 

Now all those words are differently pronounced, and it wi"l 
thus bo seen that the addition of a single letter will often en- 
tirely alter the sound of the other letters in the combination. 
The letter c produces some very amusing changes in words. 
Iu October, for instance, it sounds like k, but like s in Decei?i- 
ber. Again, it makes lose, cJuse, and transports a lover into 
clover. To further illustrate our present absurd way of spelling 
and pronunciation, we give a few more examples. If we take 
the leiters augli, vih'iAx generally spell aw, and place the letter 
I before them, we produce hiu^Ji, not law. If we rub out the 
/ at the beginning of the word and write t at the end, we are 
told that the word does not spell aft but aught. If we then 
place I at the beginning of the word and er at the end, we do 
not read it as liicfer, but la/ ghlcr (lafter); and s added to this 
again makes (not slafter) h-at sliuglder. I' converts one man 
into maul/, and ii gives a crow a crown; p turns lumber into 
phimher, and shows a rovi r to be a pn-ovcr. B throws poor 
Tom into the tomh; and the magical sign e turns Sam into the 
same, makes Jlr. Strang look strange, a star to stare, and 
throws a rag into a rage. 

There are two Readers and the Book of Jlormon now printed 
in the Deseret Alphabet Every child should learn to read 
them. They are easily learned. We got some Headers for 
our little boys, and they learned to read them very quickly and 
now the}' want to get the Book of Mormon to read. When 
I hose readers and Books of Mormon are sold, then the Board 
of Iv'gents will have money to print the Old and New Testa- 
ments; the Bodk of Coven-ints, a Dictionary and other Books. 
This will be of great advantage to every man, woman and child 
in the Church and to the world; for a correct system will be 
established. We have got the true religion, the true Church, 
the true system of government, the true family organization, 
and we should have the true system of reading and writing our 
language. Tiiis, the Dertret Alphabet furnishes, and each one 
should do all in his power to make it universal. We hope that 
every Sunday School Superintendent will introduce these books 
into his school, so that all the children may become familiar 
.with the sysem. 



m> 





J- TJ ^ E ISr I L IE Il^STI?.TJaTOI?/. 



THE aoi^:posE"R. 



181 nL>^ 



ABOUT forty-five miles from Vienna, the chief city of Aus- 
tria, is a little town called Rohrau; and in this little town, 
about one hundred and forty years ago, lived a certain wheel- 
wright named Matthias Haydn, who, like many other j'ounc 
men, very wisely made up his mind to get a wife; and for that 
purpose, courtt d a young woman, who was the cook of the lord 
of the village. In due course they were married, and from 
time to time, were blessed with sons and daughters until their 
children numbered twenty. Their first-born was a son, who 
came into the world on the olst of March, 1732,and they named 
him Francis Joseph. 

The wheelwright had a fine tenor voice, and plas'ed a little 
on the harp; bis wife also was very fond of music On holidays 
he would perform on the harp while slie sang; and litfle Fran- 
cis Joseph, from a very early age, would j liii in the concert in 
his own way, with two pieces of wood, one of which did ser- 
vice as a violin, the other as the hn^ Thus we see hini in our 
picture, though there his 



mother is ropresented as 
playing on the harp, and his 
father on a violin. Perhaps 
his father had taught his 
mother to play on the harp 
at that time. 

One Sunday, when litth 
Haydn was about sixyear.- 
old, a cousin of his fathei 
named Frank, paid a visit 
to the family. He aUo wa- 
a good musician, and joined 
withthe family in their litth- 
concert. He noticed that 
the child beat time with 
great exactness, and propos- 
ed to the father and mother 
to take him to his house aud 
instruct him. This offer 
was joyfully accepted, as his 
parents were anxious for him 
to become a Catholic priest, 
and they thought this was a stop in the right direction. 

When he was eight years old, he entered the choir of the 
grand cathedral at Vienna, called St. Stephens. But in a few 
years, his voice broke and he was dismissed. His parents were 
then too poor to support him, so he took a small garret, which 
had neither .stove nor fire-place, and there he lived no one 
knew how, his only visitors being the snow and the rain, and 
his only comfort, his worm-eaten harpsicord and violin. A 
iriend y wig-maker at this time took pity on the lad and was 
kind to him; which kinlness he never forgot. He fell in love 
w:th one of the good man's daughters, but she foolishly be- 
came a nun; and Haydn, out of gratitude, fiiendship or some 
other sentiment, married her sister. But the latter was far 
from being a goo I wife to him, and before long they separated. 

The great ability of Haydn as a composer of music at length 
attracted the attention of the noble and rich; and, from that 
time, poverty and want were his companions no n:ore for life. 
When twenty-ciglit years old, Prince Nicholas Euterhazy placed 
him at the iiead of his private chapel, which position Haydn 
held fir nearly thirty years. On one ooaasion, the prince took 
it into his head to dismiss his band, when Haydn composed a 
remarkable piece of music, .'-ince known as "Haydn's Farewell." 
In this, one instrument after another becdmes silent, and each 



The 



rolls up his music and departs with his instrument, 
no dismissal after this was played. 

Haydn purchased a small house and garden in the suburbs 
of Vienna, where he resided the greater part of his time. 
Twice he visited London, where he received great attention. 
The English King and people were very anxious he should 
spend the rest of his life in their midst; but he preferred to re- 
main in his native country. This great composer lived until 
May 31st, 1808, when, in the seventy eighth year of his age, 
he departed this life. We do not think it would be of interest 
to our little readers to give the list of the many hundred sym- 
phonies, operas, masses, songs, etc., he composed, but with le- 
gard to them, will simply add the words of one who was well 
acquainted with his compositions. He saj's: "For more than 
half a century, music flowed from his pen in a continuous 
stream, always new, always attractive, always cheerful, always 
beautiful, often grand, sometimes reaching the sublime, 1 ut 
never betraying any touches of really tragic sorrow or grief. 
One of the younger brothers of Haydn, named John Mich- 

also grew up to be a 
c imposer and'jnusician of 
g X at ability. But his woi ks 
li ive not the worldwide rep- 
itation of his brother Fian- 
H Joseph, and are not veiy 
enerally known outsid; of 
lis native count y. G. R. 

Promptkd bv Lovf. — 
One morning found little 
I>ora bu'-y at the irouing-ta- 
Ue, smoothing the towels 
and stockings. 

"Isn't that hard work for 
the litt'o arms?" I asked. 

A look like sunshine came 
uito her face as she glanced 
toward her mother. 

"It isn't haid work when 
I do it for mamma," she 
saiJ. softly. 




The True Sf.cret.— At the house where I was staying, 
there were two little sisters whom nobody could see without 
loving, for they were always so happy together. They had the 
same books and the same playthings, but never a quarrel 
sprang up between them— -no cross words, no pouts, no slaps, 
no running away in a pet. On the green before the door, 
trundling hoop, playing with Rover the dog, or helping mother, 
they were always the same sweet-tempered little girls. 

"You never seem to quarrel," I said to them one day; "how 
is it you are always so happy together?" 

They looked up, and the oldest an.swered, "I s'poso 'tis 
'cause Addie Icfs me and I let Addie." 



FosfUVE AND Forget. ^I heard two little girls talking un- 
der my window. One of them said, in a voice lull ot indigna- 
tion: "If I were in your place, I'd never speak to her again. 
I'd bo angry with her as long as I lived." 

I listened, feeling anxious about the reply. My heart beat 
more lightly when it came.' 

"No, Lou," answered the other, in a sweet and gentle voice, 

I'm going to Ibrgive and 



'I ivouldn't be so for all the world 
musician, as soon as he has finished his i)art, puts cut his ligh t , forget just as soon as I can.' 






4a^- 







CTTJVEn^IILEI UsTSTI^TJCT (D.:H. 



^^1 



GOTTOlNr jyC^iTTJ:F.^OTTJI?.E. 



From "Triumphs of Invention and Disoovehy.' 
Published by T. JYelson d- Sons, London. 



W*^'. 



RICHARD ARKWRIGHT. 

SOIMEWIIERE about the year n52, anj' one passing a'cng 
a certain obfcure alley in Preston, then a mere village 
con] ared with the prosperous town into which it has sinoe ex- 
panded, might have observed projecting from the entrance to 
the underground flat of one of the houses, a blue and white 
pole, witli a battered tin plate dangling at the end of it, the 
oh'pot of which was to indicate that if he wanted his hair cut 
or his chin shaved, he had only to step down stairs, and the 
owner of the sign would be delighted to accommodate him. 
Rill c'ther people in that quarter had little or no superfluous 
hair to get rid of, or they had it taken off cUewhere; for Dicky 
Ai4, wn'ght, the barber in the collar, for whom the pole and 
plate .■-tood sponsor in the upper world, had few oppoitunities 
of dis) laying his talents, and spent most of his time whetting 
his razors on a long piece of leather, one end of which was 
drawn towards him, and keeping the hot water and the soap 
reac'y for the customers who seldom or never came. This fort 
of tliirg did not suit Dick's notions at all, for he was of an 
active temperament; and. besides feeling very dull at being so 
much 1 y himself all daj-, he pulled rather a long fice when he 
coiiiilcd out the .-Jcanfy array of coppers in the till after shut- 
tin': up sliop for the night. As he sat one night, beloro tum- 
biint' into his truckle bed that stood in a recess in one corner ot 
the I'irgy little room, meditating on the hardness of the times, 
a bi'gl.t idea struck him; and the next morning the attractions 
oftlie s-ign-pole were enhanced by a staring placard, bearing 
the urgent invitation:— 

COME TO THE 

SUBTERRANEOUS BARBER! 

HE Sn.WES FOR A PENNY!! 
Now twopence, as we believe all those who have investigated 
the sulject are agreed, was the standard charge for a "clean 
shave at that period; and as soon a? this innovation got wind, 
we can fancy how indignant the frateri:ity were at the unprin- 
cipled ernduct of one of their number, how they denounced the 
reprobate, and prophesied his speedy ruin, over their pipes and 
beer in the parlor ol the "Duke of Mailborough,"' which they 

patronized out of respect for that hero's enormous periwiir, 

in their eyes his chief title to immortality, and a^brighl exam- 
ple for ihe degenerate age, when people had not only taken to 
wenrir g iheir own liair, but were even beginning to leave ofl' 
dusting it with flour! And to make matters worse, here was a 
low fe low off'ering to shave for a penny. A number of people, 
tickled with the originality of the placard, and not unmindful 
of the penny saved, began to patronize the "Subterraneous 
barber," and he soon drew so many customers away from tlie 
higher-priced shops, that they were obliged to come down, 
after a while, to a penny as well. Not to be outdone, Ark- 
wright lowered his charge to a halfpenny, and still retained his 
rank as tl,c chcaiiest barber in the iilaco. 

Arknright's parents l;ad been vc-y poor; and, as he was the 
ynunsc^t oi'the i'amily of thirteen, it may be readily supposed 
Ihnt all the school learning he got was of the most meagre 
kind,— if, indeed, he ever was at school at all, which is very 
doubtful. lie was of a very ardent, enterprising temiierament, 
however, and wlien once he took a thing in hand, ;:tublornly 
1 ersevered in carrying it through to the end. About the year 
ITW), being then about thirty years of age, Arkwright got tired 
of the shaving, whicli brought him but a very scanty and ine- 
carious li.tlihood, and resolved to try his luck in a^busincss 



where there was more scope for his enteipri-se and activitj'. 
He therefore began business as an itinerant dealer in hair, 
traveling up and down the country to collect it, dressing it him- 
self, and then disposing of it in a prepared state to the wig- 
makers. As he was very quick in detecting any improvements 
that might be made in the process of dressing, he soon acquired 
the rcput.ition amongst the wig makers of supplying a better 
article than any of his rivals, arid drove a very good trade. He 
had also picked up or discovered for himself the secret of dying 
the hair in a particular way, by which he not only augmented 
his profits, but enlarged the circle of his customers. He throve 
so well, that he was able to lay by a little money and to marry. 
He was very fond of spending what leisure time lie had in making 
experiments in mechanics; and for a while was very much tak- 
en up with an attempt to solve the attractive problem of perpetual 
motion. No doubt ho soon saw the hopelessness of the efi'oit; 
but althou;,'h he left the question unsolved, the bent thus given 
to his thouj;lits v/as fruitful of most valuable consequences. 

Living in the midst of a manufacturing population, Ark- 
wright wasaccusfcmcd to hear daily complaints of thediiEculty 
of procuring sufficient weft to keep the looms employed; while 
the exportation of cotton goods gave rise to a growing demand 
for the manufactured article'. The weavers generally had the 
weft they used sjiun for them by their wives or daughters, and 
those whose families could not supply the necestary quantity, 
had their spinning done by their neighbors; and even by jiaj'- 
ing, as they had to do, more for the sjiinning than the price 
allowed by their masters, very few could procure weft enough 
to keep themselves constantly at work. Tt was no uncommon 
thing we learn, for a weaver to walk tlirce or four miles 
in a morning, and call on five or six spinners, before lie could 
collect weft to serve him for the rest of the da}'. Arkwright 
must have been constantly heaiing of this difficulty, and of the 
restiictions it placed on the manufacture of cotton gooods; and 
being a mechanical genius, was leil to think how it miglit be 
lessened, if not got rid of altogether. The idea of having an 
automaton spinner, instead of one of flesh and blood, had oc- 
curred before then to more than one speculator; but the thing 
had never answered, and no models or descriptions of the ma- 
chines proposed were preserved. One inventor had, indeed, 
destroyed his owii machine, after having constructed it and 
found it to work, for four that, if it came into use, it would de- 
prive the poor spinners of their livelihood, — in reality its effect 
would have b^en to provide einjiloymcnt and food for thousands 
more than at that time got a miserable living fom their spiu- 
ning-whoels. 

While Arkwright was intent on the discovery of perpetual 
motion, he fell in with a cloekmaker of the name of Kay, who 
assisted him in making wheels and springs for the contrivance 
he was trying to complete. This 
biTtwocn them, and when Arkwrij 

ual motion affiir, and applied his thoughts to the invention of 
some machine for producing cotton weft more rajiidly than by 
the simple wheel, Kay continued to help him in making mod- 
els. Arkwright soon became so engrossed in his new task, and 
so confident of ultimate success, that he began to neglect his 
regular business. All his thoughts, and nearly all his time, 
were given up to the great work he had taken in hand. His 
trade fell off; he spent all his savings in .purchasing materials for 
moaels, and gei ling them put together, and he fell into very 
distressing circumstances. His wife remonstrated with hiiu, 
but in Vain; and one day, in a rage at what she considered the 
cause of all their ])iivaii(uis, she smashed some of his models 
on the floor. Such an outrage was more than Arkwright could 
bear, and they separated. 

In 1708, Arkwright, having completed the model of a ma- 
chine for_ spinning cotton thread, removed lo I'reston, taking 

HMHi ' iiV i » i_ mr-T- K^^^^ 1 '^ 



ed to an intimate connection 
111 had given up the perpet- 



I 



yj^^a=a-;T3^.77-.rs=sgwgaffl 



6^>r^ 



0" TJ ^ Ei I^T" I Xj 313 in^STI^TJOTOI^. 




Kay with him. At this time, he had hardly a penny in the 
world, and was almost in rags. His poverty, indeed, was such 
that soon after his arrival in Preston, a contested election for a 
member of Parliament having taken place, he V7as so tattered 
and miserable in his appearance that the party with whom he 
voted had to give him a decent suit of clothes before he could 
be seen at the polling-booth. Ho had got leave to set up his 
machine in the dweiling-honso attached to the Free Grammar 
School; but, afraid of suiTering from the hostility of the spin- 
ners, as the unfortunate Hargreaves had done some time before, 
lie and Kay thought it Lest to leave Lancashire, and tiy their 
fortune in Nottingham. 

Poor and friendless, it may easily bo supposed that Ark- 
wright found it a hard matter to get any one to back him in a 
speculation wliich people then regarded as hazardous, if not 
illusory. He got a few pounds from one of the bankers in the 
town; but that was soon spent, and further advances were re- 
fused. Nothing daunted, Arkwright tried elsewhere for help, 
and at lengtli succeeded in convincing Messrs. Need and Strutt, 
large stocking-weavers in the pkco, of the value of his inven- 
tion, and inducing them to enter into partnership with him. 
In 1759, he took out a patent for the machine, as its inventor, 
and a mill, worked with horse-power, was erected for spinning 
cotton by the new machine. Two years after, he and his part- 
ner set up another mill in Derbyshire, worked by a water- 
wheel; and, in 1775, he took out another patent for some 
improvements on his original scheme. 

The machinery which he patented consisted of a number of 
different contrivances; but the chief of these, and the one which 
he particularly claimed cntiiely as his own invention, (for he 
frankly admitted that some of the other parts were only devel- 
opments of other inventors), was what is called the watorframe 
throstle for drawing out the cotton from a eoar;:e to a finer and 
harder twisted thre.id, and so rendcning it lit to be used for the 
warp, or longitudal threads of the cloth, which were formed of 
linen, as well as the weft. This apparatus was a combination 
of the carding and spinning machinery; and the principle of 
having two pairs of rollers, one revolving fister than the other, 
was now for the first time applied to machinerj-. 

In a year or two, the success of Arkwright's inventions was 
fairly established. The manufacturers were fully alive to its 
importance; and Arkwright now reaped the reward of all the 
toil and danger he had undergone in the shape of a diligent 
and persistent attempt to rob him of his monopoly, which was 
can-ied on ibr a number of years, and was at length successful. 
Some of the manufacturer-^, who were greedy to prolit by the 
new maebineiy without paying the inventor, got hold of Kay, 
who had quarreled with Arkwright some time bciore, and found 
him a willing in-trument in their bands. It would take too 
long to go over all the law-procasses which Arkwright had now 
to engage in to defend his risihts. Kay got up a story that the 
real inventor was a poor reedniaker named Highs, who had 
once employed him to make a model, the secret of whiL-h he 
had imparted to Arkwright; and this was a capital excuse for 
using the new machinery in defiance of the patent, although 
tb.c evidence at the various trials is now hcM completely to vin- 
dicate Arkwright's title as inventor. ()no law plea was lost to 
liiui, on account of some teclinical omission in the specifi>ati ns; 
another restored to him the enjoyment of his nionn])ly; and a 
tliird trial destroyed the patent, which Arkwright never took 
any steps to recover. 

Besides trying to defraud Arkwright of his patent-rights, 
the rival manufacturerji, with jealous inconsistency, did their 
best to discountenance the use of the yarns he made, although 
much superior in quality to what were then in use. B'.it Ark 
Wright not only surmounted this obstacle, but turned it to £Oid 



account, for it set him to manufacturing the 3'arn into stockings 
and calicoes, the duty on which being soon after lowered, in 
spite of the strenuous opposition of the manufacturers, turnel 
out a very profitable speculation. 

For the first five years, Arkwright's mills yielded little or no 
profit; but after that, the adverse tide against which he ha 1 
struggled so bravely, changed, and he followed a prosperoui 
and honorable career till his death, which happened in 17;13. 
He was knighted, not for b.ing, as he was, a benefactor to hi ■ 
country, but bocau e, in his capacity of high sheriff, bechanced 
to read some trumpery address to the king. He lett behinl a 
fortune of about half a million sterling. 
[To he Continued) 



3c?™=>3t: 



THIS OS'TZE^^IOH:. 



All away in Africa, wdieie there. is a burning sun overhead 
and little more than sand imder foot — in waste and desert; 
places where few animals try to live — is to be found a strange, 
large bird, six or eight feet in height, which looks so much li ce 
a camel that it is sometimes called the "Camel-bird." Thi 
strange, large bird is an ostrich. 

It has a long, narrow neck almost bare of feathers. T^ e 
wings are small, and cannot be used to fly with, but help it t ) 
run. Its legs are long and very strong;,' and its f:;et, whi;h 
have but two toes, are something like a camel's, and enn bea ■ 
great fatigue. Its color is a rusty black, with white wings and 
tail-feathers. 

Tlie feathers of the ostricli are vm-y beautiful, and are pre- 
served carefully by the liunters and sent to Earope and to 
America, where they are dyed and used to trim bonnets and 
hats. All our little readers have seen ostrich feathers, but do 
any of them ever stop to think when they see one of these 
feathers, how it was once growing far away in the greatest des- 
ert in the world, on a real live bird taller than a man? 

The ostrich feeds on the tops of such plants as grow in the 
desert; and it can go a long time without water. Itscry soun U 
at a distance so much like that of the liou that it is often mis- 
taken for it. 

Ostriches go in small flocks of one male with from two to six 
females. The females lay their eggs all in one nest, each lay- 
ing ten or twelve, and then take turns duiing the day at sitting 
upon them to hatch them, while the male sets upon the nest 
at night. This he continues to do after the young birds are 
hatched, to protect them Irom jackals, tiger-cats andotherene- 
mies. These animals are sometimes found lying dead near the 
nest, having been killed by one stroke of the foot of this pow- 
erful bird. 

Ostrich eggs are very good to eat; and one of them is equal 
to twenty-four hens' eggs. They are about six inches in length, 
twelve in circumference, and weigh about three pounds. 

These birds can run faster than the fastest horse; still, the 
Arabs hunt them, and manage to catch them. When the 
hunter lias started the bird, he puts his horse upon a gentle 
gallop, so as to keep the ostrich in sight without coming near 
enough to frighten it and set it running at full speed. Finding 
itself pursued, it begins to run at first slowly. It docs not run 
iii a straight line, but in a circle, while the hunters, crossing 
the circle°or running in a smaller circle, keep near the bird and 
do not tire their horses. This chase is often kept uj) for a il.iy 
or two, hunters taking turns to rest their horses. ^ The ostrieli 
at last becomes tired out and half starved, and finding it impo-s- 
sible to escape, it tries to hide itself in some thicket or buri js 
its head in the sand, foolishly believing, because it eammt sej, 
that it cannot be seen. The hunters then rush at full spec I 
and easily kill the bird, taking earc_that 'lo blood is allowed to 
get on the feathers. 



I 



^ 



;3s#^ 



a~Ju:^Mi.> -jwcjw uttBan-ogasatarhB^yjwgiga^g aTnffrFJBcaBg? 



■ j c -^v^:. - g gg^ tjci Bg v fyTpj«gwTgBPBqgiPac»gjcgyi''gs«'Wfflppae^^ 







riM 



ilw 



•T liTlirh MH |iJirfi'i"'-«*'»g-^l^TTTTiTl*'"'''^'^''''^^*'^^''™~=^™^»*»»*M«q^»^^ 



*w?r 



is^r^ dTUVEi^TirjEi i:n"sti^tjotoi?/. 






■; ypT.^in ■ "^ - .■ '. f^ i t 



IP K. O :E= 131 E! T . 



THE 




|TNCE writing the biography for the last, 
number, we have seen a cop}' of the ^Vcih- 
voo E.ri>os!lor, wliit'h has been preserved 
>y one of tlie Saints. Tliere are very few 
' of theui in existence. This is the first we 
iiave seen since the Cliurcli left Nauvoo, 
There are some points in it which are very 
striking. Among the interesting features 
of the paper are the affidavits of William 
Law and his wife, Jane Jjaw; also of Austin 
Cowles, respecting the revelation on Celestial 
Marriage. Law's affidavit states that the Pa- 
triarch., Hyrum i^mith, read him the revelation 
in Hyrum's office; Laws wife states that she had 
read the revelation also. Austin Cowles affirms 
Il3Tum Smith, the Patriarch, did, in the High 
jncil, of which he was a member, introduce the 
velation given through the Prophet Joseph. He 
goes on to state some points that he recollected 
of the revelation. 

Proba'Jy some of you are aware of the false statements that 
had been made to the effect that the Prophet Joseph Smith 
did not teach this revelation while he was living. His wife 
Kmma and his sons say that it was the Tsvolve who organized 
the revelation; but hero we have the testimony of men who 
sought Joseph's life because of this revelation. They justified 
themselves in killing him because he had taught this doctrine. 
Brother Joseph F. Smith, one of the Twelve Apostles, and 
son of Ilyrum, has been at some pains to obtain the testimonies 
of brethren and sisters to whom Joseph and HjTum taught this 
doctrine in Nauvoo. He has taken the affidavits of several 
members of the High Council of Nauvoo, who testify that Hy- 
rum Smith did read to them this revelation. Strangely enough, 
the testimony of those wicked men to whom we have referred, 
is useful as a matter of history in corroborating this fact. 

The objections which the apostates had in those days, were 
the same in many respects as those which they have against 
the authorities in these days. Though twenty-five years have 
passed away, the spirit of the evil one has not changed, and 
his opposition to the princiiiles of the gospel has not decreased. 
A'must the same language that the apostates used then, is now 
being used by the same class against the measures of the priest- 
hood. In their "Preamble" and "Resolutions," which they 
)iublished in the E.rposll(ir, they stated that they were pronfp- 
ted by the purest of motives, and that they had the salvation of 
themselves and the people at heart. 

To read their writings, a person who did not know them, 
would imagine that they could not be so wicked as they were. 
They h.ad no desire, they said, to bring mobs upon the Saints, 
or to disturb them in any waj-. They professed to love Joseph 
and Flyruni, and were anxious to save them, and hoped they 
would repent and reform. But they differed with Joseph. 
They did nut believe he ought to have anything to do with the 
financial affairs of the Church. They said he had outstepped 
r> ' the bounds of liis priesthood, and did not teach such doctrine 
I * as he ought to do. At the same time, they stated that they 
believed and knew that the religion of the Latter-day Saints, as 
originally taught by Josejih, "was verily true," 




' This paper was published on the 7th of June; twenty days 
afterwards, Joseph and Hyrum were cruelly murdered in Car- 
thage jail, by a mob. It was through the schcmea of those 
wicked men, who made such pious pretentions, that the Prophet 
Joseph and his bi other Hyrum were brought there, and tho-e 
apostates were accessory to their murder. Within three wteks 
after they wrote these jilausable words, their garnieuts were 
dripping with the blood of innocence. 



TtlE 



For the Juvenile Jnalructor. 



CbilJien, a mighty luture 

Is iiearuig up lo you, — ■ 
A tulure lull ol labui', 

(Ji trust and liuuur too. 

Prepare youi selves for meeting 
lis many great tleuiamls— 

Tu till t-> juat requiieuieuts, 
Ul bead aud heart and liauds. 

Like bees lUat gather honey, 

From every liny flower, 
You now should treasure wisdom 
From every passing hour. 

To 'stablish wisdom's habits, 
While iu your early prime, 

Will prove a world ofprotit. 
For all your coming time. 

I;' you preserve your bodies 

In purity and health, 
'I'will be far greater riches 

Thau stores of goldeu wealth. 

E irly to bed at night time, 
' Early iu morn to rise, 
^Vill make you bright aud active 
And healthy, slroug and wise. 

Shun every path of evil; 

Avoid each vulgar word; 
Au.i lei uo iiieau expressiuu 

From you be ever iieard. 

Choke every selfish feeling; 

Keep euvious thoughts suudued; 
To, rise iu houor'd greatness. 

You must be greatly good. 

The path that leads to honor, 

To peace and hapiJiuesS, 
Is that of love and duty, — 

Ol trust and usefnluess. 

Have eye upon the future, 

III all you say and do: 
'lis coming, eoiiiiug, coming, — 

The future comes lo you. 



E. R. S. 



cru"^:BisriLE tisj-stirtjotoi?. 

Ib published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory* 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Hiuf/le Copy, p er A nnum •••• 
Single Copy, for Six Months 



.$3 00 
• 150 



*^ It is expectwl where agents forward n.imos they will be responsible 
for the jiapera IhuK oiilc;icil; and wlun CiiKli payments are made, they will 
pleaseforward tlieni with the letter cuntainiiif,' the naltieb oltlie subscribers. 

49- Grain broii<rht to this City for the JcvKNii.E Instkvctor will be 
icceivcd at the oflico of our p;;per- DesKi.et Mews 11i;ili>i-nos. 




