"BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING p- 
GET UNDERSTANDING." ^' 




THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 1, 18G7. 



NO. 13. 



THE "w I s ID o 1^^ OF s o n. o im: o nsr . 



WHAT crael act is this picture intendeJ to illustrate? The 
niuider of some poor, little, innocent babe by order of the 
king, who, we may notice, sits exalted on his throne, while the 
poor mother in agony and tears, pleads for the life of her child 
to be si)ared? No, not so! The king is one whose wisdom is as 
much talked about, and as much a proverb, as the strength of 
Samson, the faithfulness of Abraham, or the patience of Job. 
He is Solomon, son of DiiVid 
and king of Israe'. 

The Lord loved Solomon as 
he had loved David when Da- 
vid walked in His ways. For 
Solomon, when he first came to 
be the king of Israel, strove to 
keep the commandments of his 
God. In those days the nation 
over which he reigned had 
grown mighty in number, in 
riches, and in the blessings of 
the Lord; but as yet they had 
built no house to the honor of 
His name. Solomon, however, 
offered sacrifices to tlie Lord in 
the high places of Israel, atone 
of which, called Gibeon, he of- 
fered a thou.'^and sacrifices on 
its altar at one time. While 
"in (Jibeon the Ijord ai)l)eared 
to Solomon in a dream by night; 
and tlie Lord said 'ask what 1 
shall give thee.' " Soiomcjn 
asked tiic Lord for wisdom. 
What for? So that he might 
])C able to disct;rn Ijctween good 
and evil, and judge with justice 
and truth the mighty people 
over whom tint ].iord had made 
him king. This .-pci'ch pliascd 

the Lord; and lie l(jld Solomon that as he had do.-iicd niilhcr 
riches, nor long life, nor the lives of his enemies, lie would 
give him the wisdom for which he prayed and add thereiinlo 
riches and honor also. Solomon soon after returned lo .Iciii.-u. 
lein, where in a short time his wisdom was put to the test. 

Oni; day two wcuiicn came into his presence; one carried a 
dead infant in her arms, the other had a living oiii;. The one 
who had the di;a<l child spoke first. My lord, nhe saiil, this 
woman and 1 dwell together by ourselves in one house. A little 
while ago 1 became the mother of a boy; three days after this 




woman had a son also, and there was no one in the house but 
we two. In the night she laid on her child so that it died. At 
midnight, when I was asleep, she came to my bed, and took 
my child which was alive, and laid her dead one by my side. 
When I awoke in the morning, I found the dead child, and 
when I examined it I found it was not mine, but the woman's who 
lived with me. Compel her, king to give me back my child. 

The other woman said, not 
so, my lord, the living child is 
mine, the dead is hers. I did 
not change it as she says; her 
story is not tnie. But the 
woman who first spoke still de- 
clared that her tale was the true 
one, while the other continued 
denying having changed the 
children. 

What was to be done? One 
woman was as worthy of belief 
as the other. Neither had they 
any one to prove their state- 
ments. Who could tell to 
whom the living child belonged? 
The king made no decree; but 
said "fetch me a sword." 
When the sword was brought, 
he ordered one of his attend- 
ants to take the living child 
anil sever it in halves, and give 
half to each woman, as om^ ap- 
jieared to have as much right 
to the child as the other as far 
as he could tell from their 

WotiU. 

This may seem very cruel of 
Solomon, and did no doubt 
appear so to some who .stood 
roiiiid liini who did not know 
his motives in giving such an order. Solomon knew belter 
than to kill the child; he wanted to know what the women 
would say to (he child being cut in halves. Now, mark the dif- 
feienee. Tlu^ one who brought Ihi^ living ihild and who was 
accused of having changed i(, did not ojipose the killing of the 
babe. She said lo the woman who ae<uscd her: very good, do 
as the king says, let it be neither mine nor thine, but divide it. 
The other woman, however, plead b.foiv the king for him not 
to kill it, (Jive her the living child, she said, ami in no wise slay it. 
I would rather that she should have it than it should be killed. 



I) 



^"^i 



..r» 



•^ 9S 



Cr XJ "^T E liTI 3L E IIsrSTIE^/TjaTOI^. 






Give her the child, said the king, she is the mother; her 
stoiT is true, for she has proved by her desire to save the life of 
the Uttle one that it is her son. while the other ■svho brought it 
here, by her williiigness to have it killed, proves shie is not the 
mother of the boy. No mother would thus eonsent to the 
murder of her child. 

^Vhen tlie iicople heard this decree they were filled ■nith jo}'. 
and praised the Lord for the gift he had conferred on their 
ruler for their benefit. 

There are a great many other facts mentioned to prove that 
tlie Lord had fidfiUed his iirouiise; but Solomon did not always 
cleave to the Lord. Though he had the privilege of building 
the temple of the Lord in Jerusalem, though the kings and 
queens of the far-off nations of the earth came to 
honor him and listen to his words of wisdom, though his 
people increased in jiower and in riches and in nmubers also, 
yet in his old age he forgot the God of his fathers, and turned 
to worshipping the gods of his strange wives wh(jm he had 
taken out of many lands. lie was not content with taking the 
daughters of Israel to wife, but he went and made alliances 
with the rulers of the neighboring nations, and married their 
daughter.?, the princesses of those jjcople. This displeased the 
Lord, for he did not wish his covenant people to mix in 
marriage with the gentiles or heathen, but to keep them a 
peculiar peojjle to himself. These wives of Solomon brought 
their go is with them, and iirevailed upon the king to bow down 
and worship them. This, as you may well judge, greatly 
displeased the Lord, and he appeared to Solomon in a vision of 
the night and told him that because of his wickedness, he 
would divide his kingdom in the daj-s of his son. so that the 
greater piart should be rent from the rule of his descendants. 
When Solomon had reigned over Israel forty years he died and 
was buried in the city of David, and Rehoboam, his son, 
reigned in his stead; in whose days ten of the twelve tribes of 
Israel revolted from the rule of the seed of David, according to 
the 'Word of the Lord to Solomon. G. K. 



^^Am^T? AAT XI J^ T IFOI^.? 



I KNOW a little boy who often asks the reason of things. 
This does very well when he is studying his lesson, but, 
unfortunately, that is ju.st the time when we hear it lea.st 
frciiuently. lie lets many things in his lessons i)ass without 
trying to understand them, but when his father or his mother 
tells him to dcj anything, he says "why?" and "what for?" To 
say the least, it is in very bad taste to call in question the 
judgment of his parents. They are much older than he, and 
God has jiut him under their care, to judge for him until he 
shall be old enough'to judge for hini.<elf. It is recorded even of 
Christ, after he was twelve years old, that he Hved with his 
parents and was subject unto them; probably imtil ho was of 
age. This among the Jews is at tbirty. 

I lieard of a buy the other day who would doubtless have lost 
his life if he had stopped to ask "wh}-?' and "what for?" 
before obeying. He was travelling with his jiarcnts in 
England. The ears in that countiT are usually divided off hito 
rooms, with doors opening out on the sides. 

On one portion of the route the view was veiy fine. The 
track lay along the edge of ."^ome liigh cliffs overlooking a 
beautiful bay. Far below were children on the beach at play 
and the water was dotted with white sails of yacht.s and 
]>leasuro boats. In order to get a lietter view, the little man 
jumped off the seat and leaned against the door. 

•"reddy." .said his mother, "do not lean against the door." 

AVithout stopping to ask ivJirj hi.s mother made .such a 




request, he immediately sat down again, though he could not see 
nearly so well. He had hardly done so when the door flew open. 
Freddy looked somewhat alarmed at his narrow escajie, and his 
mother threw her arms around him. "My son," said .she after 
a moment, her eyes beaming with tender love, "j-ou know how 
many times I have made you obey me promptly, even against 
your will. Vou see now that this 2J)rim2Jt obedience has probably 
saved your life." 

Another, a httle fellow in Pnissia, was playing on the railroad 
track just as a train was about to pass. His father saw him, 
but he could not run to save him; it was his duty to move the 
switch, or else the whole train would j)robably be dashed to 
pieces. So he called out to the child "Lie down!" and tlie 
child obe}-ed the strange command without a qucscion. He lay 
i-ight down there on the bare ground, and the whole train 
piassed over him without hurting a hair of his head. 

God bless the brave little fellow! He is worth a whole 
regiment of yom- why-and-what-for boys. — /Selected. 



%ntU ftrcgorft's ^biJs* 



^ 



^ 



w 



For (he Juvenile Inslructor, 



THE LORD AVILL PEOVIDE. 



THE next morning Jlary and I'>llen arose from their beds, 
joyous and kajipj'. Do you know, my little friends, why 
they were joyous and hap])j-? I will tell you. They always 
went to bed early, and arosj early in the morning. They bchev- 
ed in the little verso they learned at Sunday-.school: 

"Kiu-!y tn lied, and early to rise, 
Makes us liealtliy, wealthy and wise.'' 

There are some little girls who do not like to go early to bed, 
but who would rather stay up until their parents go. These 
little folks do not enjoy the good health that those do who go to 
bed in good time. They are not so good looking, but look pale 
and sickly; they are peevish and cross; because they do not 
enjoy good health: and therefore are not so happy, for to be 
hajipy one ought to be healthy and full of life and vigor. Little 
girls recjuire plenty of sleep. They never should be out of bed 
after seven o'clock in the winter, or after eight in the summer; 
and always rise early in the morning. There is nothing more 
injurious or destructive to health, my little friends, than late 
hours. 

Mary and Ellen had a jirctty little bed room, plainly but 
neatly furi.ished; and so clean and tidy that it was a little para- 
dise. A French bedstead stood in the corner of the room, cov- 
ered with a snow-white counterpane or quilt: over their boxes 
two white covers wore spread; and two or three chairs, with 
wash and stand and basin, &c., conii)letcd the furniture. This 
room the girls had to keep clean and tidy themselves, and it 
was a credit to them. When they arose from their beds the}' 
washed and dressed themselves, for they had been taught that 
"cleanliness was akin to godliness," and they would not have 
thought of aiqieariiig at the breakfast table unwashed, with 
hair all entangled. They had been tauglit to act diflciently, 
and they would not have been allowed to sit dcjwn to breakfast 
until they had done so. Mamma had also given them, each a 
nice soft tooth brush and a little box of tooth powder, which 
she had i)repared herself, of equal parts of powdered bayberry. 



x^ 




^ 



CTTJ'VElNriLE I2NrSTS.TJOTOI^ 




white pond HI}' root and prepared charcoal; which kept their 
teeth clean and their gums free from canker. M3- dear children, 
I am thus particular in describing their mode of life to make 
my vixiis not only pleasing but instructive. Preserve your teeth 
by cleanliness. 

This morning as they were seated round the breakfast table, 
the conversation turned upon the Bible story, that mamma had 
told them the previous evening. Mary asked her mamma if 
God provided for them. 

"Yes, my dear child," answered mamma, "it is by the provi- 
dence of God tliat we are all sustained, and he provides for all 
those who put their trust in Him. You remember the hymn 
you learned at Sunday school commencing. 

*God moves in .1 mysterious way. 
His wonders to perform.' 

That hjnnn, my children," said mamma, "is triie, and was 
surely written in a moment of insjiiration, and the greatest 
lesson we have to learn in life is to aclciwideJgc the liaud of the 
Lord in nil things. 

But how does the Lord provide for us, mamma?" a.sked little 
Ellen. 

He blesses papa with health and vigor to work, wisdom and 
prudence in his business, gives him favor in the eyes of his 
employer, and strength to overcome temptation, that he does 
not waste his means and health in drinking fiery liquors or 
smoking tobacco," replied mamma, "and, consequently, we 
have the comforts of life, and enjoy peace and happiness: all 
glory to our heavenly Father, for unto him alone it is due. I 
intend to take you this afternoon to see a number of little girls 
who have neither father nor mother, but who arc oridians, and 
who are entirely provided for by the Lord. Tire gentleman who 
conducts the establishment, has lived by faith, and the Lord 
has blessed him and given him means to provide for hundreds 
of poor children, who, but for him, might be friendless." 

The girls were deliglited at the promised treat, and soon 
learned their lessons, wrote their copies and finished their sums. 
Mamma was very pleased with their application, and after 
dinner they prepared for their walk. The estalilishment they 
were about to visit was situated a few miles out of town; there- 
fore they had to take the cars, which landed them within a half 
mile of the oridians' home. 

It was a lovely afternoon, all nature seemed glad, and the 
girls enjoyed their ride very much; and tlien the delightful 
walk in the country, to breathe the pm'e air, gaze upon the soft 
blue sky, and watch the light fleecy clouds as they seemed to 
chase each other in the azure heavens, to hear the song of the 
lark as he soared upward, thrilling his song of love and praise to 
the Author of liis e.xistcnce; to cull wild flowers and form them 
into fanciful po.sies and feel the freedom of purity and iieace, 
can alone be fully aiijireciatcd by those who dwell in crowded 
cities, when they have the ojiportunity of enjoying such .scenes! 

Do you not think, my little friends, that jMaiy and Kllen 
loved to play and enjoy themselves? Truly they did. Ah! 
wliat is more joyous to see than the innocent play of childhood, 
not loud, rude, romping; but the fri(^ haiijiy enjoyment ol' 
youth in all its purity. If there is anything that gladdens the 
heart of U.vri.K GliEOORY it is to witness a happy well 
conducted childrcn'.s party — the hope, of Israel enjoying them- 
Bclves in the dance. 

At last they reached the gates of the plea.sure grounds 
wherein was the object of their visit. 1'liey passeil llirongli the 
gates into a very pleasant ijleasinc gr<nind, laid out very 
tastily in flower bed.s. Here bloomed ro.ses of every hue, pinks 
carnations, iiaiisy.", and verbeiiia of all colors; the walks were 
nicely kejif, and "order rcigrjed aronnd." They ciitireil the 
building, vi.sited the kitchen and the wash and ironing rooms, 



and there was everything necessary" for cooking and washing, 
and all so nicely clean, polished tins, shining like burnished 
silver; nothing but what was absolutely needed and in use, here 
was a display of economy audjudgment! They passed on to 
the bed rooms; the girls were delighted with the pretty little 
iron bedsteads or cots, with their snow white quilts in the large, 
well ventilated rooms. They were arranged in rows on each 
side of the rooms, and here was again seen neatness and order; 
no estravagance and yet no want of any thing essential. They 
nest visited the chUdrons' play room, where they kept their 
toys, and here every thing was also in order. The children 
were taught to Dut their toys away when they had finished 
playing with them.^ There wore many children in this estabhsh- 
ment, and unless there had been this order, there would have 
been nothing but confusion. Of course. !Mary and Ellen were 
very interested in all they saw, especially in the toys, and 
admired very much the care tliat was taken of everj'thing. 
To be Continued. 



For the Jnvrnite Tnsfritetor. 

j^ o o o ID nyc O T T o . 

A HEATHEN prince said, on a certain occasion, "I write 
benefits on marble, and inj\iries in sand." 

What a beautifid motto; it nuisl have emanated from a noble 
heart. It is a sentiment whicli, if not already possessed, should 
be adopted by every Latter-day Saint. It sliould be loved and 
cherished by the young — it should be printed indelibly on the 
tablet of eveiy heart. 

It is a mark of goodness, to remember benefits, jratitudeis 
a very ennobling virtue, while ingratitude is a very debasing 
vise. By nourishing a feeling of ingratitude, we sin against 
ourselves by .shutting from our hearts a jiortion of the sweetest 
fragrance of social life; and we sin against God by diminishing 
those powers with which He has liberally endowed us, and 
which, if properly cultivated, would make us good and happy. 

To feel that we have been injured is veiy unpleasant, and the 
sooner it is forgotten, the better; unless it is neccssarj', as is 
sometimes the case, that a remembrance should be retained 
merely as a monitor, to prevent us from cxjiosing ourselves to a 
repetition of the same mischief: and then we should tiy to 
cultivate a feeling of pity towards thoJe who have injured us, 
knowing that evil-doers are sure to meet their punishment. 
Those who willfully do wrong, make themselves really objects of 
pity by sinking tliemselves below the noble standard of right 
and honor. But while we jiity the person we must be careful 
and not sympathize with the act. 

When we feel ourselves wrongeil, there is a great deal of 
comfort in thinking that we are not the ones to blame: a feeling 
of injury is not half so hard to bear as a feeling of guilt. 

// ixhetter to suffer irronr/ Ijiini tniln irronr/. Kenienaberthis, 
"I write benefits in ninrble." Iniiiressions ma<le in .sind arc 
veiy soon erased, while those sculptured in marble remain for 
a lung time. How mucli bettor it is to treasure up and 
remember the good that we receive, tlian to let our thoughts 
dwell on that which nuikcs us feel unhappy. The more wc 
cultivate feelings of gratitude, the purer our hearts will grow, 
and the more will our minds be inspired by the Spirit of (lod. 
Gratitude to God for the daily blessings wo receive from Him, 
and for the greater blessings of the gosjicl and eternal life, will 
e.vpand and elevate our tlinnsihls, and make us happy here, and 
Ivrcjiare us to dwell with Mini hereafter, in habitations not 
nuule with corruptible hands. E. H. S. 

Hk. that refusclh instruction di'spiselh his own soul: but he 
that heareth rcinoof gettcth underntanding. 



I 



s?s^ 



lOO 



CTTJ^En^ILE Il^STI^/TJOTOI?. 



-^tl 




%i$ S^n'iitniU ittslruclup* 



¥ 



I 



I 



JULY 1, 18 67. 




ANY cluldren, wlion the\' do sometliing 
tlie.v think is ■wrong, are apt to try and 
oonoeal what they have done. And this i.s 
fre(Hiently the ca.se ^Yitll children who arc 
naturally of a very good disposition. 
Children who fear to oflFcud their parents 
and their teachers, dislike to have any of 
their bad actions come to their knowledge. 
The}' woidd like to have the approbation 
of these persons whom they love; they do 
not want to lose their good opinion. There is 
a motive, therefore, for concealment, and thej- 
are tempted to tell falsehoods and equivocate. 
It is the ignorance of children which makes 
this a temptation. When thej- get understand- 
, they will learn that the frank confession of a 
fault is far better than its concealment, and that in- 
stead of tlieir friends thinking less of them because 
confess their wrongs, they really think more of 
them, and have greater confidence in them. 

You all, doubtless, have read the story of George Washing- 
ton's mining a valuable eheny tree, with a new ax that his 
father had given him. Wlieu questioned he did not attempt to 
conceal what he had done, but frankly owned that he had chop- 
ped the tree. This courage in telling the truth, though it e.x- 
po.sed his wrong doing, endeared him to his father, and made him 
feel thankful that ho had such a son. When children or grown 
people conceal their acts, and trj- to deceive, they destroy the 
confidence of their friends and those with whom they associate. 
There are many grown peoide who do this, and bad efl^eets 
always follow. I'robably they have learned this liabit when 
they were children, ami they ignorantly suppose that they can 
do better by taking such a cour.se than by being candid. If 
these arc their thoughts, they deceive them.selves. 

Whenever ]ieo]ile are led to do or say something which they 
feel inclined to hide from the eyes and knowledge of their 
friends, they .shoidd stop and ask themselves if it is right. 
Angels arc around us; thej- can see and hear all we do and say. 
They arc God's ministers, and though men may not know what 
we say and do; we can not liide from their eye,«. David says 
in his Psalms about the Lord (139, verses 8 — 12) "If I ascend 
ujp into heaven, thou art there; if I make my bed in hell, be- 
hold, thou art there. If I take the wings of the morning, and 
dwell in the uttennost parts of the sea; even there shall tliy 
hand lead me, and thy right hand .shall hold nio. If I say, 
surely the darkness shall cover me; even the night shall be light 
abiiut me." 

Be candid and open with ymir jiarents and friends; bo willing 
to tell them all you say and do, yes, even your very thonght.s. 
Never conceal these things, and if you take this counsel you 
may be saved from many a 11 illy and difficulty. 



SOLOMOX, wliosc great gift was wisdom, has .'aid that ''A 
soft an.swer turncth away wrath." Children, did ynu over 
tiy the effect of a .soft answer upon an angry .school fellow or 
playmate? If you never did, ju.st tr>- it the first time one of 
your friends gets angry with you. We feel sure you will be 



delighted with the result. Oh, how many quan-els would be 
saved if soft answers were given to angry expressions! "But," 
says one of our readers, "suppose one of my jjlaymates is 
angry with me and threatens me, and I have done nothing to 
hmt him, must I bear it and answer him as though he were 
speaking pleasantly to me?" Yes; and if you do so, you will 
gain a greater victory over him than if you were to whip him. 

The Spirit of the Lord is a meek and quiet and lowly Sjiirit. 
Those who are led by it are not quarrelsome and proud. They 
woidd rather suffer wrong than to do wrong. But there are many 
boys, and men too, who think they would be cowardly if they 
were not to resent angrj- expressions when they are made to 
them. They think that if they do not get mad and bristle up 
at such times, they do not show a proper spirit, and their 
friends may think that they are not brave. 

Now, children, this is a wrong idea. It is no sign of courage 
for a person to get angry and indulge in a quarrelsome .spirit 
because another person does so. A person who can return 
good for evil, and not descend to a mean, contemptible spirit 
when imposed upon, has true courage. 

B®° We will not be able to furnish subscribers from this date 
with the back numbers of the present volume. This i.s a matter 
of regret to us, as we would be better pleased to supply every 
call made upon us. In this connection we wish to say to those 
who have sul.iscribed for this volume, and received all the back 
numbers excepting the first four, that we shortly expect to 
reprint those numbers, and will then be able to supply tluin. 

We still have a few comiilcte sets of \'olume One on hand, 
which we would hke to dispose of. 



CJ^TE]GH:isiyi: 

FOK OUR JUVKNILES. 

Re-published from No. 12 with their an.swers: 

f)l. What did tlic Prnplict Joseph and the saints do to have 
their wrong.s redressed? 

Petitioned the Governor of the State, .and the President of 
tlie United States, for redress, and .sent a letter to Tlmnuvs H. 
Benton, United States Senator from Missouri, and in other 
ways sought to bring the facts before tlie authorities. 

{i2. Were they successful in tlieir aiiplications to high author- 
ities? 

No; the State Government would not exert its power to re- 
store the jioople to their homes; and the Parent Government 
said it could not interfere. 

(i.'i. "What did a notorious apostate do about this time, to 
injure Josi'iih? 

lie gathered up all the fal.so and ridiculous stories that ho 
could gather about .Joseph and the Smith family, and sought by 
circulating thcnx to stir up anger against .Joseph and the Church. 

(il. Did he fully succeed in his design.s? 

No; his schemes and wickedness were defeated by the 
brethren's faith and prayers. 

fi."i. When (lid Joseph receive a command to gatlicr up tho 
strength of tho Lord's house, and go up to redeem Zion? 

In February, l.s.'i4. 

nc. When did he start from homo to obtain volunteers for 
that purpose? 

f)n the Liiith of February, 1S:14. 

•17. To what oilic-o was he appointed by a council of cldcr.-j 
before he dc-|iaitril? 

Conmiander-in-Chief of tho Armies of Israel, and leader of 
tlioso who should volunteer to go and assist in the redemption 
of Zion. 

US. Wlien did the company start from Kirtland for Missouri? 

On theotli of M.-iy, 1SH4. 

Ci'.l. V,y what name is tho company known in history? 

Zion's {'amp. 

70. Name .some prominent men, now living, who were in tho 
company. 



7^-sr 




6vJ^ 



JTJ^EIsriXjE IIsrSTI^TJGTOI?. 



loi TiQd 



Presiflent Brigham Young, Heber C. Kiiuball, several of the 
Twelve Apostles, and other leading men. 
The above was coiTCctly answered by George B. Emery. 



BIBLE Q,TJBSTI03SrS 

INSERTED IN NUMBER 12, NOW KE-INSEUTED WITH THEIR 
ANSWERS. 



1. How old was Abram when the Lord called him out of 
Haraii? 

SEVENTY-FrV^E. Genesis xii chap., 4 verse. 

2. What relation was Lot to Abraui. 

ABRAM'S BROTHER'S SON. Genesis xiv chap., 12 verso. 

S. What was the name of that king who blessed Abram and 
brought him bread and wine? 

MKLCHIZEDECIv, KING OF SALEM, who was priest of 
tho Most High God. Genesis xiv eliap., IS verse. 

4. Why was Abram's name changed into Abraliam? 
BECAUSE GOD made him the father of many nations. 

Genesis .A;vii chap., 5 verse. 

5. What was the covenant which God made between him and 
Aljraliani's seed? 

CIRCUMCISION. Genesis xvii chap., 10 verse. 

6. How old were Abraham and Ishmacl when they were cir- 
cumcised? 

ABRAHAM was ninety-nine, and ISHMAEL thirteen. 
Genesis xvii chap., verses 24 — 25. 

7. Who revealed the destruction of Sodom to Abraham? 
THE LORD. Genesis xviii chap., 17 verse. 

S. How many times did Abraham make intercession for the 
men th.ereof? 
SIX TIMES. Genesis xviii chap., verses 24—31. 

9. We find that Ijot entertained two angels; wliat did the 
angels do to the vicious Sodomites wlien tliey tried to get the 
angels out of Lot's house? and what were tiie names of the 
four cities destroyed at this time? 

THE LORD STRUCK THEM WITH BLINDNESS. 
Genesis xix chap., 11 verse; tlie names of tlie four cities were 
SODOM, GOMORRAH, ADMAII and ZEBOIM. Deuter- 
onomy xxix chap., 23 verse. 

The above questions were correctly answered by H. B. Emery 
and Susie A. Young. 



For the Juvenile Inslructor. 

SECOI^T "E3:iSTO:E?.ir OB THIB 
BZnTG-XjISH: IL,J^IsrC3-TJ.i^G-B. 



^^d 



[CONTINUED.] 

IHAA'T} thus briefly traced the rise and progress of our 
language down to a time when it niaj' bo said to be fairly 
formed; but by no means finished. Since those days it has 
undergone greatchanges, both in the manner of spelling and pro- 
nouncing words, also in the form of expression. To show my 
little readers bow our language has changed since its formation, 
1 will produce a few examples: — 

THE I>ORn's I'UAYEU IN THE YEAR A. D. 1380. 

*'Ourp fadir that nrt in houcns 

halwid !)*■ tlii nami-; 

thi kyn;,"Ioin cuiiinu' to; 

bo till wyllr finii as in lifunn and in nartlio: 

pif to vfl tluM day ouro lirrcd ouor otlifr BuhRtnnop; 

and for^;f'UC to vh our*' drttiH afl wc forgeuQ to cure dettour« 

and lic'du vb nat In to tvinptacion, 

but dclyucrc vb fro yucl. Anion.' 

INIy readers will iicrccive that the letter v was then used as 
wo now use the letter u and the letter u wa.s used as we now 



Here is another example of how words were .spcllid in 
year A. 1). VoZi, one hundred and lifty-l'our years later: — 



the 



"O cure father whioh arte in beuen 

Hallowed bo thi name. 

Lot thy kynj^doine oome 

Thy wyll bo fultillod; as woU in earth as it ys in heven, 

Gove vs this dayo our dayly broodo 

And forgovo V8 oure troaspases, even as wc forgevc cure trespaocrs 

And loade vs not in to tompt.icion; 

Hut dolyuor vs from cvoll 

For thyue is tho kyngodomc and the power 

And the gloryc for ever. Amen." 

And here is another example, nearly one hundred years later 
than the above: — 

"Our father which art in hcauen 
Hallowed be thy name. 
Thy kinj^doni come 

Thy will bo done, in earth as it is in hcaueu 
Give vs this day our dayly bread 
And forgive vs our debts, as wo forgive our debtors 
And le.ado vs not into temptation, 
liut deliver vs from ouill: 

For thine is the king-dome, and the power, and the glory for euor. 
Amen." 

During this century great changes have also taken place. 
Many words have gone out of use, some have changed their 
meaning, and many new ones have been introduced. The late 
war in America introduced some new words, and the great 
progress in arts and sciences introduces tlicm also. The Ameri- 
can people use many words diiferently from the people of Eng- 
land, both in meaning and pronunciation. Also many words 
are spelled differently in England; for example, honor is spelled 
honour, labor is spelled labour, plow is s\^c\\aA plough, etc. 

Although there has been a great change in the spelling of 
words, it is doubtful whether the change has been much fbrtho 
better. The method of spelling words two or three centuries 
ago seems very curious to us, still it is because wo are not 
accustomed to it. Our present method of sjielling is very bad 
indeed. Foreigners who study our language find it the greatest 
ban'ier they meet with in learning it, on account of our words 
not being pronounced as they are spelled, or in other wtjids not 
being spelled by sound. There are but very few words in our 
language, which arc pronounced as they are siiclled. It is 
to be hoped that this will be remedied by making more changes 
for the better. By the pressent method it takes several years to 
learn to spell correctly; in fact I scarcely think any one ever 
learned to spell all the words in our language without an 
occasional mistake. If we should learn to spell by sound, on 
the princijile of the Deseret alphabet and as short hand writers 
do, there would be very little time rc(iuired to learn to spell, 
and the great amount of time saved could be ajiplicd to some- 
thing else, and thus we could obtain a nuich better education in 
the same length of time than now. My little readers from tho 
foregoing will sec that our language is still uiilinishcd, yet 
progressing, and its whole history cannot be written; but if 
they want to know more fully about what I have been telling 
them, they can read the history of England, and see for them- 
selves how our language arose, for the history of a i>coplc is tho 
history of its language. W. W . U. 



POLITENESS AT HOME.— Always speak with pdlilcncss 
and deference to your parents anil friends. Stmic cliildrcii are 
l)olite and civil everywhere else, except at home, but there llicy 
arc coarse and rude. Sliamcl'ul! 

Nothing sits so gracefully ujion children, nothing make? 
them look so lovely, as an habitmd rcsjiect and dutiful di^purt- 
ment towards their iriends and superiors. It makes the pl;li^)- 
est iaci^ beaulilnl, and gives to every common action a uamc- 
less, but jicculiar charm. 



r» 



"^^^ 




0" TJ "V E I^ I L E IltTSTI^TJCTOl^ 






^dtttth f oclru* 






w 



nsr o 



IP E. IB s El nsr T . 



THE 



If you're told to do a thini?, 

And mean to do it, really; 
Never let it be done by halves; 

Do it fully, freely! 

Do not make a poor excuse, 

Waitintr, weak, unsteady; 
All obedience worth the name, 

Must be prompt aud ready. 

AVhen father calls, though pleasant be 
The plaj' you are pursuing; 

Do not sa}-, "I'll come when I 
Have tiuished what I'm doing." 

When 'tis said, "j-ou'vo eat enough," 

Don't reply, "O, mother! 
Let me have just one cake more, 

I wou't ask another!" 

If you're told to learn a task, 

And you should begin it; 
Don't tell your teacher; "yes, 

I'm coming in a minute!" 

Something waits, and you should now 
Begin and go riglit through it; 

Don't think, if pnt oft' a day, 
You'll not mind to do it. 

Waste not nioments, nor your words. 
In telling what you could do 

Some other time; the present is 
For doing what you should do. 

Don't do right unwillingly. 
And stoji lo plan and measure; 

'Tis working with the heart and soul. 
That mal-LCS our duty pleasure. 



I'd)- the Juvcidlr Inntnictor, 



CJ^'^IMER ishere in all its beauty, witli the briirlit sun sliinin,!?, 
kj the clear, blue sky over head, the trees covered with green 
foliage, the springing grain, the oiicning roses, the beautiful 
flowers, and all nature rejoicing! Is not summer lovely'? 

Do you ever garden any, at this season of the yeai, my little 
reader'? It is verj' pleasant to cultivate a little piece of ground; 
take care of a nice little bed of strawbenies, and eat them 
wlien they are ripe; pull up the weeds that would soon cover 
the ground which you are cultivating if they were let ulonc'i 
and watch the seeds you have I'ianted springing up fresh and 
green, growing and riiiening. Talking of weeds, do you ever 
notice how much care gardeners have to exercise to keep their 
gardens free from tbcin; and bow fast they grow if they are not 
pulled up wlien small, or cut down with the hoe. 

])o yo\i think j-ou have a garden to watch and t;ike care of 
where bad weeds will grow very readily if it is not kept free 
from them? You have; and it is yourself. 
, '"What, a little boy, or girl a garden!'' you may be ready to 
exclaim. Even so; and I will tell you what the weeds are, and 
how to cultivate that garden, and have the good .seeds grow 
strong aud healthy. 



Every bad thought and every naughty desire is a weed, 
which will grow ftist if it is not plucked out and thrown away; 
so is every feeling of disobedience to your parents, every word 
spoken that is not true, and everything that is wrong, whether 
in word, or act, or thought. These foul weeds would soon 
overrun the garden of your mind, if they were not removed, 
so that nothing good, or lovely, or desirable would grow there. 

Cultivate the good seeds that are planted in j'our garden, 
cultivate truth, and honor, aud honesty, and virtue, obedience 
to parents aud to the holy priesthood, a love of that which is 
holy and pure, a desire to do the -will of God, a spirit of prayer, 
and a firm determination to do right. Then when the han-est 
time of life comes you vnW reap joy, and blessing, and honor, 
and happiness, and the friendship of the Lord and holy beings. 

But if you allow the garden of your mind to be overrun 
in the summer of life, with weeds, or evil tlioughts, which 
produce bad words and. wicked actions, none of these blessings 
will bo yours; you will have vile and noxious things only for 
your crop, and bitterness of soul for misspent time. 

Childhood is the spring-time of life, the time when people jilant 
and sow, and when both seeds and weeds begin to mate their 
ap]iearance. Pluck up the weeds before they can grow strong 
and large, strengthened hy the summer sun of manhood or 
womanhood; and then your mind, like a trim and well kept 
garden, will have nothing growing in it, but good tlioughts, 
good feelings, and good desires, which will produce good 
actions, and make you a blessing to yourself aud to others, aud 
insm-e you the love of the Lord. 



THE HORSE AND STAG.— A horse and stag were grazing 
together on the prairie, when to their terror, they perceived the 
grass to be on fire, ami the flames approaching raiiidly. 

"What shall we do," said the stag, ''to escape being 'roasted 
alive'?" 

''For my part," said the horse, "I know of but one way to 
escape; we must meet the danger boldly. ' ' 

So .saying, he rushed at the top of his speed toward the 
advancing flames, aud a single bound placed him beyond 
danger. 

The stag, in mortal fear, fled in the opjiosito direction, and 
the flames overtaking him, he miserably perished. 

The horse afterwards returning, found the Imdj' of his friend 
stretched out upon the blackened plain, and jiausing beside it, 
thus moralized: 

"Alas! nij- friend, your fleetncss of foot jirovcd your ruin, 
since you had not courage to move in the right direction. How 
much better boldly to face danger, than to flee, panic-stricken 
at its approach. Fear kills, while assmance is safety. — Paul 
Fcrcr/r!ae. 



ALWAYS BT'SY. — The more a man accomjilishes, the 
more he may. An active tool never grows rusty. You always 
lind those men who are the most forward to do good, or to 
improve the limes and manners, alwaj-s busy. ^Vho starts our 
railroads, our steandjoats, om' maehine-shojis, and our manu- 
factories'? Men of industry and enterprise. As long as they 
live they work, doing something to benefit themselves and 
others. It is just so with a man who is benevolent — the more 
he gives the more he feels like giving. We go in for activity — in 
body, in mind, in everything. Let the gold grow not dim, nor 
the thoughts become stale. Kecj) all things in motion. We 
would rather that death should find us scaling a mountain than 
siidiing in a niire — breasting a whirlpool, than sneaking from a 
cloud. 



a-f 



Cr TJ "V" E IsT 1 1_. E Xl<T&TT^TJaTO:R. 



^iogrjtjph- 






THE 




EOTIIER TATTEN and his company 
rode for the ford of Crooked I'iver. When 
near there, they dif^mounted, and marched 
towards the ford. They did not know 
exactly where the moh was encamped; but 
a shot from the picket guard of the mob, 
which inflicted a mortal wound on one of 
the brethren, gave them notice that thej' 
were near. In the fii;ht which ensued, one 
the brethren — Brother Gideon Carter — was 
ed, and several were wounded. Brother Da- 
W. Patten was al-o wounded in the bowels, 
rom this wound he died that night. He was an 
postle of the Lord Jesus Christ and a faithful 
, of God. He fell a victim to mobocracy — slaiu 
O by the wicked. For the ci'imes which they commit- 
ted against the truth and the anointed of the Lord, 
they have already been terribly scourged. The anger 
of the Lord has been poured out upon them. They 
were told that this would be the case; but they ridiculed those 
who made such predictions. Brother David W. I'attcn with liis 
faithful brethren will yet sit as judges of those wicked nun-der- 
ers, and pronounce .sentence upon them! What will then be 
their feelings of hoiTor and remorse when they look upon the 
men wliom they have persecuted! 

There was great excitement through Ray county, the report 
having sjjread tiiat the Saints were intending to sack and burn 
Eichmond, and the people fled from that place in every direc- 
tion. Rejiorts to this effect were spread by Bogart's men. 
The erj- wont up from many of the enemies of the Saints that 
they (the Saints) nmst be exterminated oi all be expelled from 
the State. Boggs, the Governor, listened to every stoiy, however 
absurd, that was told against the Saints. Reports reached him, 
so he said, that the "Mormons" had expeUed the inliabitants 
of Daviess county .from tlieir homes, had pillaged and burnt 
tlieir dwellings, driven off their stock, were destroying their 
crojis, and burned to ashes the towns of Mill Port and Gallatin, 
including in the latter town the clerk's oflice and all the public 
records of the county! He ordered two thousand men to be 
raised. Tiic object that he wished to accomplish, as he stated, 
was to re-instate the people of Daviess county in their homes. 
Not tlie Latter-day Saints. Their cries and sufferings never 
touched his flinty heart, Tliough tlie mob shoidd murder them 
in the most fright fnl and barbarous manner, he would not move 
a fliiger to save tliem. But how rjuickly he exerted hiniscll' 
wlien the lies reached lii.s ears which the Uiobbcrs tuld him 
about the actions of tlic Saints. He lost not a moment in jiut- 
tiiig troop.s in motion to ojicratc against tjiem. The above 
order Governor Boggs issued on the 20th of October, 1838. 

Tlie next day, on the 27tli, lie issued another order to Gener- 
al John B. Clark. Li this order lie told Clark not to go to 
Daviess; but urged him to hasten his operations and enih^avor 
to reach RichiiKjnd, in Ray county, with all possible sjieed. 
He gave liim authority to increase his force to any extent he 
might think necessary, and he was to operate against the "iMnr- 
mon.s." A more atrocious document than (hi;-, to which we now 
refer was never penned. It is known in our iiistory as "(ioMr 
nor Bogg's exterminating order." It covered the writer willi 




everlasting infamy. The name of Lilburn W, Boggs will 
always be held as that of one of the most bloody and cruel 
tjTants which ever held power on the earth. "The Blormons," 
said he, "must be treated as enemies, and must be externiinated 
or driven from the State, if necessary, for the public good. 
Their outrages are beyond all description." Not content with 
saying that they must be exterminated — that is, utterly destroy- 
ed — or driven from the State, he said in this document that he 
had ordered a force of one thousand men to unite at the north- 
ern part of Daviess county, "for the jiurpose of intercepting 
the retreat of the Mormons to the north." He was determined 
that the Saints should not escape him. They were to be sur- 
rounded on all sides. It was in his heart to destroy them root 
and branch, if he could do so. 

Boggs had been engaged in mobbing the Saints when they 
lived in Jackson county. He had become hardened at the 
business of opposing the truth and shedding the blood of inno- 
cence. It was probably his hatred to the truth and his murder- 
ous, blood-thirsty disposition that enabled him to obtain the 
votes necessarj' to make him Governor. 

His exterminating order aroused every mobber in the State. 
Like beasts and birds of prey, they hastened to the feast which 
they thought awaited them. Great excitement prevailed, and 
mobs were heard of in every direction. They seemed to be 
determined on the destruction of the Saints. They burned 
houses, destroyed fields of corn, drove off all the cattle they 
could find, took many inisoners and threatened death to all 
"Mormons." On the 2Sth of October, 1838, David R. Atchi- 
son and Samuel D. Lucas, major generals of the JNiissouri 
militia, in a joint letter to Governor Boggs, stated that "from 
late outrages committed by the IMornions, civil war is inevitable. 
They have set the laws of the country at defiance, and are in 
open rebeUion." They also stated that they had about two 
thousand men to hold them (the Saints) in check, and they 
urged Boggs to come as soon as possible and join them in his 
capacity as commander-in-chief. 

If you have carefully read wdiat we have wiitten, children, 
you will see what black falsehoods these men wrote, and how 
all the men who took an active jjart against the Saints sought 
by circulating lying reports to justify their own base conduct. 

If they had told the truth, they could not have accused 
the Saints of doing anything more than worshipiiing God 
according to the dictates of their own consciences. This every 
man in this republic has a right to do, so long as he does not 
interfere with his neighbor's rights. The Governor and other 
leading men knew that they were false to their oaths when they 
went themselves or permitted others to go against the Saints to 
disturb them. They were traitors to tlieir country, its coiistituion 
and its laws, and merited severe punishment for their conduct. 
They could only excuse thenise!\es for their outrages by circula- 
ting all manner ol' rejiorts about the Saints and calling them bad 
names. But this was a miserable excuse; because, if the 
Saints had done wrong, mobbing them, burning their hou.ses, 
destroying their pmperly and killing tlieiu, were not the proper 
punishments. Slissonri had a i-diistitutinn and law.s. If a man 
f-tole, or committed evil, he cinild be punished for it. The law 
did not say he was to be miibbcd. to bi^ exterminated, or dri\eu 
friim the State for so duing. Hy using viiilence of this kind, 
(idvernor Buggs, aial thdse who acted with liim, cimlessed to the 
world that they could nut do anytliing against the Saints 
legally. The Saints had broken no law. 



Til?; liord is far from the wicked; but he hears the prayers of "i 
the righteous. 

I'lilDK gocth before destruction, and a haughty spirit before Vyv 

a fall. P r* 



b\^ 



7t>' 



0" TJ ^ E JNT 1 1., E in^STI^TJOTOI^ 



^ ^tiQittal ^tatit^. 



B E 



Poi' the Juvenile Instructor. 

-A. O T I "V E - 



Storo j-our iiiiiifls with useful knowledge, 
Search for all tliat savors trutli, 

Let no time pass by ne.ulectoil, 
In tlio sunny days of youth. 

Be, however, oalm and carefnl — 
Measure every stej) you tread, 

Ailopt as yours the odd man's* motto— 
"Know you're right, then go ahead." 

Tl>ere's no royal road to pri'eatness, 
Honor, jiower and endless fame; 

Toung and old, tlie king and beggar, 
Side liy side t-an walk the same. 

As your fithors, yon must labor. 
Heavy burdens must bo borne, 

Thej' have fought in Truth's advaneos, 
You must light and share the seorn. 

On life's densely crowded highway, 
Millions there reqviire your aid; 

Now's tlie time to nerve for action, 
Kro yovith's blossoms on you fade. 

Gotl will bless your every effort 
Souls made glad shall liomago paj'. 

Angels love to see you toiling, 
I'erscvcre, then, day by day. 



Great Salt LaJcc Cilij. 



Al.EXANIlF.n II'ISS. 



• Jifr. David f'rockef, a native of America, noted for his 
hi« eccentric habits and witty sayings. 



THIS ^A^TnyCOSI^HEI^E. 



OUR last talk closoj with the suhject of the weight of the air. 
Wc jiroposc now to show you some of tlie elfects of this 
pressure of fifteen pounds, which the weight of the air makes 
on everj' square inch of the surface of bodies at the level of the 
ocean. If we were to climb to the top of a mountain, or go uj) 
by a balloon, we should find the prcs.surc diminishing very 
rapidly, and the air becoming so light and thin that we could 
scarcely breathe it. 

The air is the nuans by which the earth is watereil, and this 
is greatly inlluciiced by the weight, or pressure of tlic atmos- 
phere. Water dissolves in the air, and in this condition is 
carried from jil.ace to place, and we can not see it. Take a glass 
of clear water and jjut a teaspoonfull of salt into it — now watch 
it till the salt all di.Nip)iears. We cannot see it, yet it is there; 
for if we boil the water away the salt will rijipcar again just as 
it was before it was i)ut int<3 the water. ^\'hen the salt was in 
the water and could not be .seen, we .say it wa.s in suIufwH, and 
when it appears again we .say it \i^ prcci'jit/aled. You will please 
remember these words and their mcaning.s. 

Now, if you jmt more salt into the gla.ss of water, you will 
find, after awhile that it will not di.ssolve any more. Then we 
s.ay, the water is .laliirdlfj/ \\\t.]i .salt. 'J'hc quantity of salt which 
water can dissolve is called the measure of it.s cnpncilij for 
silt. 

^^'(' will apjily all this to the air; for if can hold w.ntcr in 
.solution, and while in this condition the water cau neither be 




seen nor felt. Hang a wet cloth in the air, and in a short time 
all the water has dlsai)peared. and the cloth is dry. It has gone 
oiF in solution in the air, ju.st as the salt disappeared in the 
water. This dissolvingof water in the air is called cvKpnrdtifVi. 
The rapidity of evaporation depends on three conditions, 
to-wit: The heat of the air, its pressure, and its (hyne.ss. 

If the air was as hot as boiling water, our rivers, and lakes, 
and .seas, would soon all be dried uji, for the water would all go 
off in solution in the air. But if the air had no weight, the 
same thing would take place at the common heat of summer. 
If we remove the jiressure of the air from water, it boils at 
about blood heat. So we have rivers and lakes, because tlie 
pressure of the atmosphere keeps them from evaporating 
through the heat of .summer. 

On the tops of mountain.?, and on high table lands, the 
pressure of the air is so much reduced, that it is difficult to make 
water hot enough to cook with; and such table lands are nearly 
always ileserts, on account of the rapid evaporation of the 
water, from the diminished jiressnre of the atniosjihere. 

If the air hail no weight, the blood, and all the fluids of our 
body, would rush through the pores of our skin, and bo 
evaporated IVom the surface. Per.«ons going u]) to the tops of 
very higli mountains have had severe bleeding from the nose, 
ears, an<l even i'rom the .surface of tlie skin, from this cause. 
So the great loail of air we carry about with us is a great 
blessing. — 'Jhe Jjillle /S'^itrr. 



Ji'or the Jnrenile Tiistnictor, 



BY AI.I'UKD (l.\ni)NER. 



I am composed of \''i letters. 

lS\y 1 , 5, .'^, is a part of the body. 

My 2, 1:1, 'J, is the name of a fowl. 

I\Iy 4, .'1, I'i, 7, is a mineral. 

I\[y I, HI, 11, :!, is what we should all jirove to bo. 

My <">, I.;, 4, is a suiniort to man and lieast. 

My whole should guide the conduct of every saint. 



I am comi)oscd of ITi letters. 

i^Iy 4, 1 1, 7, 5, 10, 12, are rather .scarce in Utah. 

i\Iy 1:'), .'), 12, ,3, 12, is a leader in Israel. 

l\!y 'J. S, (), 13, is the n;iine of a (iovernor of Illinois. 

Wv 1.'), II, 1, .H, is an ancient coin. 

My 12, 1(1, 14, r>, \?,, is olten u.sed in liattle. 

Jly whole is a popular doctrine in Uescrct. 

E-sjr" TilF. answers to the ("harades in nnmber 11 arc THE 
DKSKUKT NKWS and PLUKAI.ITY. The following sent 
ns correet answers: — .Iose])li 'I'avev, .John E. Callister, (ieo. ^V. 
(.'allistcr. ^\■. J. Lewis, E. A. Bean, J. II. Parry, Olive Proctor, 
I'errila Ashman, (nles 15. Lang, Alfred G. White, A. II. Mib 
ler, E. .Miller, Annie .^1. Jarvis, M. A. Moms, Arta Young, 
Eli/.a J. Druce, Malsie Winder. 



I I'.ri'ii will never die. 



Is puliUshcd in Great Sntt Lake CUil, Vluh Tnritorv, 
ON THK FIH.ST A FIFTKlCNTIt OF EVKKY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Hlnglp Copy, per Annum ?^ W 

Kinjjlu Copy, for Hl.-c Montlis 1 50 

Unr Tf it rrper-lid iflirrr ai/rnJi f'lyintrd vriinrx thru vilt lie rrrpmxxihte 
for llir paitrrs lliii.i nrdrrril: itnil uhrn Vrls/i liunimnts iirr vuldc, IllrJI 
irilt pirns'- /urwiad lltrm Willi the Inter cuid umii!/ the numcs of tha 

""gji'-'p-ldrr Win. IT. Shr-(irinitn, I.nc/aii, will act (W General yiaetit /or 

"iiir Grid'J'l'jrnuiihl '" this Cdji for tlir .IrvF.Nii.K In.stri'Ctor teitltje 
rs-cncd at the office of our jxijjct-— I^jbsjsket >.'ew» BUlI.lll^GS. 






:-v. 



'3' 




