is^ 



qUxuss U i\t IfijrJjl 




L^i 



VOL. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUEDAY, NOVEaiBEK 11, 1871. 



NO. 23. 



IFJ^LISJ^IDES 03Sr THIE H TJ ID S O IsT , 



rf)2 



rPHE Hudson River is one of the most beautiful and impor- 
JL tant in the United States. Its remote sources are in the 
Adirondao Mountains, in the northeast part of the State of New 
York, more than four thousand feet above the sea. It serves 
as an outlet to a great number of small highland lakes. The 
City of Troy is about one hundred and fifty miles from its 
mouth, and up to that point it is aflfectcd by the tide from the 
Atlantic Ocean. From the 
City of Albany, seven miles 
below Troy, down it is a broad, 
dec]i, sluggish stream; its gen- 
eral width is from three to 
seven hundred yards; but it 
greatly exceeds this in certain 
places. Steamboats proceed 
as far up the Hudson as Troy; 
but sloops, by means of a dam 
and lock, go up much farther. 
The passenger steamers from 
New York to Albany and 
Troy are noted for their ele- 
gance and fine proportions; and 
probably they are the finest 
vessels of this class in the 
world. The banks of this 
river are elevated and pictur- 
esfjuo throughout nearly its 
whole course. The upper part 
of the river is bordered )jy 
gentle eminences covered with 
cultivated fields, interspersed 
with pleasant towns and vil- 
lages. At one part of its 
course it is bounded on tli'' 
west by the Catskill Moun- 
tains, which approacii at some 
points to witiiin seven miles 
of the river. About sixty 
miles from the City of New 

York the river begins its pass- _ 

age through the beautiful hills " 

called the Highlands, which ri.se abruptly from the wad r. in 
some places vessels following the channel pass so near the shore 
that one can almost touch the clifTs from their decks. The 
Highlands cover an area of about sixteen by twiMity-fivo miles, 
and the river flows through them with many windings which 
add greatly U) its beauty. In the uiiJ.st of them on a bold 




promontory, commanding a magnificent view both north and 
south, is West Point, the seat of the U. S. Jlilitary Academy. 
Near this point Fort Putnam, the ruins of which remain, was 
built during the war of Independence by our countrymen, and 
a chain was stretched across the river at this place to prevent 
the passage of British ships. 

Our engraving this week gives a view of the Palisades on the 

Hudson. These Palisades are 
a cons]iicuous feature in the 
scenery of the Hudson Kivcr, 
they extend on the west shore 
from Fort Lee to the north 
lino of the State of New 
Jersey in one unbroken, i)re- 
cipitous wall of more than 
twenty miles in length. Tiiis 
wall rises a considerable i>art 
of the way directly from the 
river to the hight of three 
hundred to five hundred feet ; 
they add very much to the 
beauty of the scenery. It is 
from these Palisades that the 
rock is obtained for paving the 
streets of the City of New 
York. 

The Rhine is the most beau- 
tiful river in Eurojie; and no 
tourist con.siders his visit to 
the continent of Europe com- 
[ilete unless he has sailed on 
the Jvliine. Tiiat river passes 
tlirougii a magnilicent country: 
its sliiiting hills are covered 
with fine vineyards; its banks 
are lined with villages and 
cities which have been (limipns 
in history almost since the 
days of the Savior. Nearly 

every eminence on it.s banks is 

— "" ■" *^ crowned with the ruins of a 

.a.,ll. , iuA i;i .-Jinu- few in.slaiKvs these castles are still kept in 
repair. These were the slninghnlds of old Cerman kni.L'hts and 
barons who formerly ruled that country, and whose exploits are 
han<lcd down in legend and song. Of cour.*; these works 
of art give to the Ifliine a historic and antiiiuarian int<'rest 
which the Hudson does not possess; but for beauty of natural 



1^3^ 



■i^^J^ 



^■s 



'^ 



178 



J- TJ "V^ E JSr I L E IlNrSTI?.TJOTOie/, 



scenery, we think, havfcg sailed on both rivers, the Hudson 
far exceeds the Ehine. 

New York is indebted for much of its prosperity to this 
river. It forms one principal channel of communication between 
the east and west; and is connected with the great lakes by the 
Erie Canal and the New York and Erie and New York Central 
IJailroads ; with Lake Champlain and Canada by canal and rail- 
road ; and with the Delaware River and the Pennsylvania coal 
region by what is called the Delaware and Hudson Canal, It 
has been estimated that the total value of property sent from 
the seaboard to the interior by way of the Hudson Eivcr is 
about one hundred millions a year, while the value of proper'y 
exported through it from the interior is about seventy-five 
millions. It was called North Eiver to distinguish it from the 
Delaware or South Eiver, and at New York City it is stUl 
known as North Eiver. 

A Frenchman by the name of Ycrazzano entered the bay 
of New York in the year 1524, and sailed a short distance up 
this river in a boat ; but it was reserved for an English naviga- 
tor and discoverer to explore it almost its entire length. This 
was Henry Hudson, after whom the river was named. He dis- 
covered it September 11th, 1009 and called it "the Eiver of the 
Mountains." It was this same Hudson who discovered the 
bay that boars his name. He made this latter discovery in the 
next voyage after visiting Hudson Eiver. After entering the 
bay he resolved to winter there and resume explorations in the 
Spring; but a mutiny on the part of his sailors compelled him 
to return and eventually proved fatal to him. On the voyage 
home, while yet in the straits leading to the bay, he was seized, 
with eight who remained faithful to him, and put in an open 
lx)at and abandoned. 

Nothing was afterward heard of this daring navigator. 



O HIXJ I?. O HI. 
(Continued.) 



ON the 10th of 3Iay, 1845, the trialsof someof the murderers 
iif the I'rophet and I'atriarcli, Jo.seph and ll.vruni, com- 
nienccd at Cartilage, Hon. Eichanl 31. Young, of (Juincy, on 
the bench. The mon indicted liy the Grand Jury for these 
munlers were : Col. Lsvi Wiiliam.s, a Baptist preacher, Thomas 
C. Sharp, E<litorof the Wamnw Si//nui^ Jacob C. Davis State 
Senator, Mark Aldrich and William N. f I rover. They were 
held to bail, with themselves as sureties, in the sum of one 
thou.sand dollars each, to make their appearance in the Court 
each day of the term. To .s<icure a .suit;ible jury to answer their 
puriH>.se, the accused had recourse to an extraordinary procecd- 
in,^. They made two alTidavits askiog for the arraj' of jurf)rs to 
be quashed on the ground tliat the County Commissioners, the 
Sheriff and his deputies in impanncling the jury had tin; design 
to hurt and prejudice the trial and thus endanger the lives of the 
accused. The lawyers on IkjIIi sides argued the question ; but 
the Judge ruled that the panel .should be quashed, and that tlie 
County Conmiissioncrs, tiio Sheriff and his deputies be dis- 
charged and fjhsors be appointed for the purpose of choosing 
another jury. Two men were appointed by the Court as Eli-wrs, 
and they s<^lcctcd the jurors. Out fif nincly-six men who were 
summoned to act in this capacity twelve were found who were 
sjitisfactory to the defence. 

The guilt (if till- prisoners was ckarly .shown to the Court and 
by.Mtandcrs by tlic prosecuting attoniey; but despite tlio evi- 
dence brought acain.st thi-iii, tl«^y were " honorably acquitted " 
by the jury. This rcnJt li.id \«-vn anticipated by tlic Saints. 
A vote of the City CV>i«ieil had been taken, in the previous 
montli of July, to the effect that when the law failed to atone 



1^5^ 



for the blood of the Prophet and Patriarch, they would refer 
the case to Grod for a righteous judgment. It woidd be an 
unheard of event for the murderers of prophets to be punished 
by the law for the crime of shedding their blood. A generation 
wliich will suffer ser^'ants of God to be slain in their midst, is 
not the one to pimisli their slayers. One of the lawyers for the 
accused, Calvin A. Warren, stated in his remarks, that, "if the 
prisoners were guilty of nmrder, then he himself was guilty. 
He alleged tluit it was the public opinion that the Smiths ouglit 
to be killed, and public opinion made the laws, consequently, it 
was not murder to kill them 1" 

Strange doctrine this ; but it is the doctrine of the persecutors 
and murderers of the Saints in all ages. What prophet was 
ever murdered whose death was not sanctioned by public 
opinion ? Even the crucifixion of the Lord Jesus was sanctioned 
by public opinion. But that did not lessen the blackness of the 
crime in the sight of the Lord. He did not consider the Jews 
innocent of murder because public opinion was in favor of the 
violent and bloody act. He punished them as murderers. It is 
uself ss to look to eartlJy tribunals to execute the law upon tliis 
class ; they never punish tliis crime ; but the Lord docs. The 
blood of innocence does not cry in vain unto Him from the 
ground, and the State which acquitted the murderers of the 
I'rophet and Patriarch, Joseph and Hymm Smith, will yet have 
a heavy penalty to pay for this great and terrible wrong. 
"Vengeance is mine," saith the Lord, "and I will repay." 
When His vengeance falls upon a people it comes with crushing 
effect ; but, before the weight of His displeasure falls upon them 
to their utter overthrow, they unist fill the cup of their iniquity. 

During these days President Young and others of the Apostles 
had to conceal themselves to avoid being arrested. Constjiblcs 
and other officers from Carthage frequently came to Nauvoo 
with writs, but they were not successfid in serving them. The 
charges on which these writs were issued were groundless. The 
Twelve Apostles were innocent of the wrongs laid to their 
charge ; but the design in issuing legal process against them 
was to harass and annoy them, to get them into the i)ower of 
the mob, that they might be killed as Joseph and Hyrum had 
been. 

An attempt of this kind was made some months after tlie 
time of which we write, when the upper rooms of the Temple 
were finished and endowments were being given. We give the 
account of the transaction in I'resldent Young's own language, 
as he gave it in a public meeting at Logan, Cache Co., Sunday, 
Jidy 2:!, 1871, and though the oocurrencc did not take place at 
the date which we have reached in our history of events, yet it 
is so descriptive of the proceedings of the enemies <if' tlu^ Churcli 
and of the eagerness they manifest*Hi af'tt'r the death (if the 
l'rii|)het Jdscph, to capture President Young, that we lliiiik we 
sliall not find a more appnipriate puint than tliis at whicli 
t<i in.sert it in the history. In describing the occurrence, he 
said : 

" While Brother George A. Siuitli was referring to the cir- 
cumstance of Will. Miller going to Carthage, it bmught to my 
mind reflections of the past. Perhaps to relate the circum- 
stance as it occurred would be interesting. 

" I do not piiifess to be much of a joker, but I do think this 
to be one of the best jokes ever iicrpetratcd. By the time we 
were at work in the Nauvoo Tem|i]e, officiating in the ordin- 
ances, the mob had learned that ' Mdrnidiiisiu' was not dead, 
as they had .supposed. We liad cdiiipletcil the walls of the 
Temple, and tli(' attic sidry fi-diii abdut half way up (if the first 
wiiiildws, in abdiit fifteen iiidnths. It went up like magic, and 
we conimenced nffiiiating in the ordinances. Then the nidb 
commenced to hunt fur otln r viitiiiis ; tiny li;id alriady killiil 
the Prophets .Josci>li and llynini in Carthage j:iil, while under 
tli(! [iledgo of the State for their safely, and tidw they wantt^d 
Brighaiji, the 1 'resident of the Twelve Ajiostlcs, who were then 
acting as the Presidency of tlic Church. 



■^^^4\ 



■-k^ 




0"TJ^ElsriI-.E IlsrSTK;TJOTOI?/. 



179 



" I was in my room iu the Temple ; it was in the south-cast 
corner of the upper story. I learned that a posse was lurking 
around the Temple and that the United States Marshal was 
waiting for mo to come down, whereupon I knelt down and 
asked my Father in Heaven, in the name of Jesus, to guide and 
protect me that I might live to prove advantageous to the Saints. 
I arose from my knees and sat down in my chair, there came a 
rap at my door. I said, ' come in ;' and Bro. George D. Grant, 
who was theu engaged driving my carriage and doing chores for 
me, entered the room. Said he, 'Brother Brigham, do you 
know that a posse and the United States Marshal are here ?' 
I told him I had heard so. On entering the room Brother 
Grant left the door open. Nothing came into my mind what to 
do, until looking directly across the hall I saw Brother William 
Miller leaning against the wall. As I stepped towards the door 
I beckoned to liim ; he came. Said I to him, ' Brother William, 
the Jlarshal is hero for me ; wUl you go and do just as I t^ll 
you? If you will, I will serve them a trick.' I knew that 
Brother JMiller was an excellent man, perfectly reliable and cap- 
able of carrying out my project. Said I, ' here take my cloak ;' 
but it happened to be Brother Heber C. Kimball's; our cloaks 
were alike in color, fasliion and size. I threw it around liis 
shoulders and told him to wear my hat and accompany Brother 
George D. Grant. He did so. I said to Brother Grant, 
' George, you step into the carriage and look towards Brother 
Sliller, and say to liiui, as though you were addressing me, 
' Are you ready to ride ?' You can do tliis and they will sup- 
pose Brother Miller to be me, and proceed accordingly,' wliich 
they did. 

' ' Just as Brother Miller was entering the carriage the Marshal 
stopped up to him and placing liis hand upon his shoulder, said, 
' You are my prisoner.' Brother William entered the carriage 
and said to the Marshal, ' I am going to the Mansion House, 
won't you ride with me?' They both went to the Mansion 
House. There were my sons Joseph A,, Brigham Jr. and Bro. 
Heber C. Kimball's boys, and others who were looking on, and 
all seemed at once to understand and partake of the joke. 
They followed the carriage to the Mansion House and gathered 
around Brother Miller, with tears in their eyes, saying, ' Father, 
or President Young, where are you going?' Brother Miller 
looked at them kindly, but made no reply ; and the Marshal 
really thought he had got ' Brother Brigham.' 

Lawj'er Edmonds, who was then st;iying at the Mansion 
Hoase, appreciating the joke, volunteered to Brother Miller 
to go to Carthage with him and see him safe through. 
When they arrived within two or three miles of Carthage, the 
Jlarslial with his posse stopped. They arose in their carriages, 
buggies and wagons, and, like a tribe of Indians going into 
battle, or as if they were a pack of demons, yelling and shdut- 
iug, they exclaimed, 'We've got him; we've got him 1 we've 
got him r When they reached Carthage the Marshal t<iok the 
supposed Brigliam into an upper room of the hoU'l, and placed 
a guard over bin], at the same time tolling those around that he 
had got him. Brother Miller remained in the room until they 
bid him come to supper. While there, parties came in, one after 
the other, and a.sked for Brigham. Briitlicr Miller was poliitx'd 
out to them. So it continued, until an apostate Mormon, by the 
name of Tliatcher, who had lived in Najvoo, came in, sat down 
and asked the landlord where Brigliam Young wag. The land- 
lord, pointing acro.ss the table to Brother Miller said, 'Tiiat is 
Mr. Young.' Tliatcher replieil, 'Where? I can't see any one 
that looks like Brigham.' — Tlie landlord told him it was that fat, 
fle.shy man eating. 'Oh, h— 11' exclaimed Thatehcrj 'that's 
not Brigliam, that is William .Miller, (jnc of my old neighbors.' 
Upon bearing this the landlord W(^nt and, tapping the .sherifTon 
the shoulder, took him a few steps to one si'le and said, ' Vou 
li.-ive made a niinlak(^, that is not Hrigliam Young, it is William 
Miller, (.f Nauvoo.' The Marshal very nuuh a.stjiiiishe(l, 
exclaimed 'Good heavens 1 and /tc p.-isaud for Brigham.' He 



then took Brother Miller into a room, and tui-ning to him said, 
' What in 1 — .! is the reason you did not tell me your name ? ' 
Brother Miller replied, 'You have not a.sked me my name?' 
'Well,' said the Sheriff, with another oath, 'What is your 
name?' ' My name,' he replied, 'is William MilL.T.' Said the 
Marshal, ' I thought your name was Brigham Young. Do you 
say this for a fact?' 'Certainly I do,' said Brother Miller. 
' Then,' said the Marshal, ' Why did you not tell me this 
before?' 'I was under no obligations to tell you,' replied 
Brother Miller, ' as you did not ask me.' Then the ^larshal, in 
a rage, walked out of the room, followed by Brother Miller, who 
walked off in company with lawyer Edmonds, Sheriff Back- 
enstos and others, who took him across lots to a place of safety; 
and this is thi real pith of the story of 'Bogus' Brigham, as 
far as I can recollect." 

Among the members of the Church who resided at that time at 
Nauvoo Brother William Miller was, in consequence of his thus 
personating President Young, known as 'Bogus Brigham,' and 
by many of them he is still called by that name. 
( To he continued.) 



^woK^iDS o:f :e'tj'z.'zilsbi^. 



THE following funny puzzles in spelling and pronunciation 
may amuse some during the winter evenings : 

There is one word of only five letters, and if you t;ike away 
two of them, ten will remain. What word is that? 

It is often. If you take away o/, ten will remain, 

There is a word of five letters, and if you take away two of 
them, six will remain. What is it? 

Sixty. Take away t y, six will remain. 

Here is a puzzle — 

Take away my first letter, take away my second letter, t;ikc 
away all my letters, and I am always the same. Can you guess 
that ? 

You are right ; it is the mail carrier. 

There is one word which, if you change the place of one of 
its letters, means exactly the opposite from what it did at fii-st. 
What is the word ? 

It is united. Place the i' after the ?, and it becomes untied. 

Can you tell me what letter it is that has never been used but 
twice in America? 

It is a ; it is used only twice in America. 

Can you tell me when there were only two vowc'ls ; 

It was in the days of Noah, before you and I were born — in 
the d.iys of no a before u .and i were born. 

Can you tell me when it is that a blacksmith raises a row in 
the alphabet? 

It is when he makes a poke r and shove ?, (a poker and shovel. ) 

I suppose you know how to si)ell heiress? 

Perhaps you can tell me why a hare is easier to eateli than an 
heiress ; 

It is beeau.se an heire.i.^ lias an ('and a hare has none. 

Now let me hear whether you can sjicll the fate of all earthly 
things in two letters? 

I will tell you— (? k (decay.) 

I suppose you have ofuui heard, or can guess, how to spi'll 
mouse-trap in three letters ? 

You are right. It is c-a-t. 

Can you tell a niiui in one word that he took a lato breakfast? 

This isthe way — att.;nnaU' (at tx'ii you aU-.) 

Can you tell me what word is always pronounced fasltr by 
adding two letters to it? 

It is the word fast ; add <v \x> it, and it is faster. 

What is the Word of one .syllalile, which if .vou tak." away 
two letters from it, will beeoim^ a Word of two syllables? 

You must try and gU(^ss that, for it is my last puzzle. It is 
plague ■ take uwuy ;</, and it becoiuoK ague. Medal. 






^1^^ 



•O)^ ISO 



G" TJ "V E IsT I Xj E IISrSTI2.TJOTOI^, 




CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1871. 



:N the afternoon of the 2Sth of October 
] 'resident P. II. Wells, Hosea Stout and 
William II. Kiuiliall were arrested by the 
Uiiit<.'d States JIarshal on a charge of 
murder, and were taken to Cam)! Pouglas 
and kept in confinement until Monday the 
:;i>th. On that day argument was made 
by the lawyers for them to be released on 
bail. The Judge ruled that in the case of 
I'resident Wells, he being Mayor of the 
> ity, he .sliould be released ; but to the other two 
irethren bail was refused, and they are kept in 
eonfinenienl. On the olst the Court was ad- 
journed until the loth of November. 

This is a grave charge to make against such a 
uian as I'resident Wells and the others who are 
accused. It is the highest crime known tt) the law, 
and the penalty thereof is death. If this cliargc was 
true, it would be a very .serious matter ; but it is not. 
Brother Wells and the other brethren are as iimocent 
of this crime as so many babes. Why, then, are they accused? 
Bccau.sc it is part of the i)lot which lias been arranged fi)r the; 
pnrpo.se of destroying the work of God. A bad man by the 
name of William Uickman who, according to his own confession, 
has amimittcd many murders, was arrcstt^d by the U. S. IVfar- 
shal • and for .some inducement has made a confession of mur- 
ders which, he says, lie has committod. To .screen himself and 
to cover the scr\'ants of God with disgrace, he says he was 
counseled to commit these murders by the First I'residency, and 
if he liad refused to comply, he would have been killed him.self I 
Did you ever hear of such bxse folly? As though any man in 
tliis country has ever been counseled or retjuired to become a 
vill.iiii and a murderer. We feel convinced that this i)lot will 
fail, and that the wicked will be disappointed in accomplishing 
their designs against the lyjrd's anointed. 

Wc understand that I'resident Young and several otlier 
brethren arc also charged with having committed murder, and 
their names are included in the .same writ with that of ]5rothcr 
Wells'. 




1'^IIE Editor of the JirVExn.E I.\sTiircTOR was under the 
ncccwity of going to Califoniia a few days ago to attend to 
bu.sinosfl tlicrc. He left San Erancisco for home, on the nioni- 
ing of the 2''ith of October. Alxmt noon of that day, wln'ii 
within fifty-five miles of Sacramento, a part of the tniin which 
he was on ran off the track. The acx;ident occurred as the tniin 
w.is coming off some trestlework, where there was a curve in 
the rf>ad. Tlie train was running at a high rate of Hi>ecd, and 
it is pnibahle that the rails spread at the curve and the cars ran 
off. Tlic hind wheels of the car in front of the one in which the 
Editor was riding were the first to get off the rails. The ear 
he was in was a sleeping car and very strongly built. It al.so ran 
off and went abfiut twice ita own length on the tics, tearing uj) 
the track, bending the rails as crooked an horsc-shoes and piling 
the ties up in a heap of splinters. After it had proceeded alwut 
that distance, the wheels and the running gf^r imbedded them- 
bcItcs in the ground, and the body of the car went od, pitched 



down an embankment twelve feet high, rolled over once and a 
half, tearing down a fence in its i)assage, and was checked 
bottom side up by coming in contact with a tclegi-aph pole. 
The inside of this car was a complete wreck; seats and 
cushions, metal pillars, bedding, &e., where piled uji on the 
bottom, or on, really what was properly, the top. The sensa- 
tions of those in the car were most terrible. The Editor 
escaped with a good shaking up. All of the passengers were 
injured, and some very seriousl}'. The nest car was a smoking 
car. It was thrown off on the other side of the track, and was 
badly crushed. There were more passengers in this than in the 
other, and every one in it was wounded and some very danger- 
ously. One man had his leg broken, another his skull knocked 
in and the arteries cut, another had his arm broken, a little boy 
had his collar bone broken, and all were dreadfully shocked. 
Although none were killed outright, yet it is not improbable that 
some may die from their injuries. The next car was thrown 
over on its side, and all the c«rs were more or less damaged. 

The Editor felt that his escape was wonderful, and that God's 
Iireserving power was around him. lie has been in many 
places of jieril ; but it seemed to him while that car was bound- 
ing off the track that death and he had never looked each other 
so squarely in the face before. Under .such circumstances a few 
seconds seem like an age, and the mind acta with extraordinary 
rapidity. The first thought which jiresented itself to him, 
when convinced the train was oflF the track, was " Ijord, jirc- 
sen'c me," and then the accounts he had heard of various 
accidents, and the manner in which cars were broken up and 
passengers were mangled and killed, jiassed through his mind 
like a panorama. When he found that he was safe, he recalled 
to mind the blessing which had been i)ronounced upon his liead 
I)y the First I'residency, Brother Brigham being mouth, before 
he started, that he should "return in safety." IIow many times 
in the experience of the Elders have such blessings been ful- 
filled I On the sea, on the land, in the midst of various dan- 
gers, the lives of the servants of God have been .sjiared ; llis 
angels have been near to them to .shield and deliver them. In 
the instance to which we allude, it was visibly so. Hundreds 
who viewed the wreck of the train said the escape was miracu- 
lous. They had never heard of such an accident with so little 
fital injury. On Sunday, the 29tli of (_)e.t., the Editor arrived 
in Salt Lake City. 



\T7E do not like to maki; ai)ologies, and liave endeavored for 
Vt some time to avoiil the necessity of having them to make, 
but we are caught by a delay in the arrival <if a lot of i)ai)er 
that we ordtM-ed from thu I'last. We cx])ected to receive it in 
time for our regular issue, but it did not arrive, and we were 
disapp<iinted. When it arrives we .shall not be long making up 
for the delay, as we shall have the type all up ready for publi- 
cation. In the meantime our sul)seril>ers will, wc trust, bear 
with us. It is a great disappointment to us, and we hope it 
will not occur again. 

P. S. Sin<'c writing lb" above the issue fif the Instiiuctou 
has been delayed several weeks by tin' blockade of snow on the 
IJ. ]'. B, 11. We have finally succeeded in getting sufficient 
))aper from California to use until the eastern road opens and 
wc can obtain the supply now lodged there, which wc orderc'd 
.so long since. 

The non-arrival of the Instrijctou h.as doubtless lieen a 
source of disappointment to our many sub.seribcrs who have 
been looking anxiously fi)r it U> come with every mail. Wo 
trust, however, they an^ not discipuraged. The delay was 
entirely unlooked for by us, and we shall endeavor to profit by 
our late experience, and depend no more on .such a itrecarious 
mode of obtaining material as getting it fnjin thi^ East in the 
Winter season. 



Without a friend, thia world is a wilderness. 



r^^^r^ 



.^1 




^= 



a-TJ^EI^IIL.E! in^STI^TJOTOI?., 



181 



THE xBEx:. 



WE have an animal hero vrhosc k)Jy boars considerable 
resemblance to that of the Jeer, witli a goatee or tuft of 
hair growing under its chin wlueli resembles tliat of the goat, 
but whose horns are unlike those of either species of animals. 
It is the Ibex, a species of wild goat which inhabits the moun- 
tainous regions of Switzerland, the Pyrennces, the Caucasus 
and Abysinnia. In Switzerland the animal is about five feet 
long and two and two thirds feet liigh at the shoulders. The 
horns which you see in the picture grow to the length of 
about thirty inches. They are dark colored and very stout. 
These animals, like our mountain sheep, prefer the highest 
and most inaccessible mountains near the line of perpetual 
snow, and in the mountains where they live they are hunted 
with great difficulty and danger. They are remarkable for 
strength and agility, making immense bounds among the 
most dangerous precipices; and when pressed by the hunter, 
they are s;iid to fall from considerable liights upon their horns 
and apparently receive no injury from the shock. Some species 
of these animals when hard jiressed have been known to turn 
upon the hunter and thrust him and themselves over fearful 
lirecipices. 

In habits the Ibex rescm1)les the goat, in fact, it belongs 
to the same fiimily, aud the domestic goat is thought to be 

descended from a species ._ 

crossed with the Ibex. Like 
the goat it is fearless, caprici- 
ous, gregarious and active. 
They ace over in motion, 
ascending the most giddy 
bights, and springing with 
great precision from rock to 
rock whore there seems hardly 
a pnssiliility of their obtaining 
a foothold. Their sight and 
smell are acute; they are 
robust and are very vigilant 
in their habits. These species 
of animals when tamed, are 
nioxt useful to man. The 
domestic goat has been called 
the jwor man's cow, as it 
.supplies him at small expense 
with milk, <heeso, meat and 
materials for clothes. I n 
man}' countries tlnty form a great portion of the flocks of the 
jimipl*!, and in mountainous nj^ions especially are very valuable, 
( )ri till! early Kgyptian monuments figures of this ncv. are found. 
The skins of sucli animals are largely used as materials for 
clothing among rude people, and in early days they were valued 
highly for this purpose. 




j^nsTEGiDOTES o:f g^ts. 



FnoM CnAMISIIIlS'S MIRCRLLANT. 

(Conlinucd.) 



I 



rpiIK cat's dislike to wet her feet has lonp; been proverbial. 
X The saying, 'hIk! liki'S fish, but won't wt't Iier fiM't for them,' 
is, however, not strictly true: th(! cat has bi'cn known to take 
the water after a fish, just as she will tike (Ik' bnke after a 
young hare or phca.sant. Ilir dislike to soil her feet arises as 
n)Ui;li fn>ni her natural love of cleanlitiess, and the desire U) 
keep her fur ilry, as from any fciar that she has U) (.aki! the 
w.atiT. A friend of I>r. Parwin's »:iw a cat caU^Ii a Irout, liy 

iLirting upon it in a di'rp clear wat<!r, at the mill at Wcaford, ■ ..■.., .,.„^. , - ... 

near Lichfield. The animal belonged to a Mrs. Stanley, who \ his banishment, or wli.ther he has passed through scenes wlucli 



had frequently seen ker catch fLsh in the same manner in the 
Summer, when the mill-pond was drawn so low tliat the fish 
could be seen. Other cats have been known to take fish in 
shallow water as they stood on the bank. This may probably 
be a natural act of taking prey, which ac<iuired delicacy by 
domestication has in general prevent<?d cats from using, though 
their desire of eating fish continues in its original strength. 

INST.VNCES OF JtEMOUY. 

The- attachment of the cat to particular persons and places, 
and the fact of its often returning to its original home after a 
long absence, and over a great distance, prove the possession of 
a pretty accurate memory. All the fclinas seem well endowed 
in this respect, and none more so, perhaps, than the domestic 
eat. Tke following surprising instance we transcribe from the 
Scotsman newspaper for ISl'J : 'A tavorite tabby belonging to 
a shiimiaster was left on shore by accident, while his vessel 
sailed from the harljor of Abcrdour, Fifeshire, which is about 
half a mile from the village. The vessel was about a mouth 
absent, and on her return, to the astonishment of the shiimias- 
ter, I'uss came on board with a fine stout kitten in her mouth, 
apparently about three weeks old, and went directly down into 
the Ciibin. Two others of her young ones wera afterwards 
caught quite wild in a neighboring wood, where she must have 
remained with them till the return of the vessel. The shipmas- 
ter did not allow her again to 
go on shore, otherwise it is 
probable she would have 
brought the whole litter on 
board. What makes this the 
more remarkable is, that ves- 
sels were daily entering and 
leaving the harbor, none of 
which she ever thought of 
visiting till the one she had 
left returned.' IIow wonder- 
fully accurate nmst this ani- 
mal's recollecti(jn of the ship 
have been? The difterenccs, 
however trifling, between it 
aud other ves.sels which put 
in, nmst have been all do.sely 
obser\'cd and remembered ; 
or we must supjiose the crea- 
ture to have had its recollec- 
tions awakened by the voice 
or figure of some of its shipmates passing near to the wood 
where its family was located. 

We have all "heard of cats returning to the homes from whicli 
they have been sent, and this we might readily ctmccivo to bo 
the result of accurate observation and rett^ntive memory ; but 
there are many instances, well autlienticaUd, where tiny could 
hardly have been aided by their facuhies, and where they appear 
to have been guided by .some mysterious instinct. ' W e have a 
cat,' sa.vs our lady correspondent already (pKitcd, ' who was a 
very wild character, often committing deiiredalions in the larder, 
destrf)ying our yoimg pigeons, and making great havoc among 
the birds. He was considered so lawless, that, after a consulta- 
tion on what was best to be done, a decree of banishment was 
i.s.sued against Ikim, and he was s-'iit in a thick linen bag to a 
cottjlgo at about two miles' distjince, where he was ofteRjd 
shelter as lie was an exiiert mou.s.'r. We tliought we hIiouU 
never see Mr. Tib again, but foun.l ourselves ciuite mistak.n ; 
for late (flie evening, alK.ut three wc.^ks after, lie walk.nl into tlie 

kiteli.'ii, and grc^U-d everyone ho kindly, Hiat lie I witli a 

more! favorable reception than his pr.'vious i-onduct i-ould liave 
warninted him in expecting. Wii.ah.r lie ha.s repented of liis 
late misconduct, whether he is eon.wious that it was the cau.s.,'()l 



fAmt 



^3f^ 



-Jv^i^ 



18S 



a--cr"V"Ei<riLE iitsti?.tjotoi^. 



have broken his daring spirit, we cannot say, but all his bad 
habits are actually conquered, and ho is now quite a pattern of 
domestic propriety.' Still more extraordinary is the instance 
related by a gentleman who removed his establishment from the 
county of Sligo to near Dublin, a dist;inc<; of not less than 
ninety miles. When about to change his residence, he and his 
children regretted very much being obliged to leave a favorite 
cat behind them, which had endeared itself to them by its 
docility and aifection. This gentleman had not been many days 
settled in his new abode, when one evening, as the family were 
sitting chatting after tea, the servant came in, followed by a cat 
so precisely like the one left behind, that all the family repeat<,^d 
liis name at once. Tlie creature testified great joy in his own 
way at the meeting. He was closely examined, and no differ- 
ence whatever was discernible between the cat in Sligo and that 
now beside thorn. Still, it was difficult to believe it was their 
poor pot; for how could he have travelled after them, or how 
could he have found them out? And yet the exact resemblance, 
and the satisfaction which the poor animal evinced as he walked 
about, seemingly in aU the confidence of being among his 
friends, with his tail erect, and purring with jjleasure, left but 
Uttle doubt upon their minds that this was indeed their own 
cat. The gentleman took him upon his lap, and examining him 
closely found that his claws were actually worn down, which at 
once convinced him that poor Puss had really travelled the 
whole ninety miles' journey. 

{To be continued.) 

»^^)e'— — r. 



THE children of Israel were carried away captive from their 
own land, on one occasion, and dwelt for many years among 
a foreign people. At the time to which we refer, an interesting 
incident occurred, the relation of which we think will prove 
instructive to the Juveniles. Ahasuerus was reigning monarch 
of the Modes and Persians, and his empire extended from 
India to Ethiopia, at the time the following event transpired. 

A man by the name of Mordecai, who had a cousin named 
Esther, was among the captives dwelling under the jurisdiction 
of Ahasuerus. They were of the tribe of Benjamin. Esther's 
parents were dead and she was brought up by Jlordecai as his 
own daughter. She was a verj' beautiful girl, and was selected 
to be (lueen ; but it was concealed from th j king that she was a 
Jewess. Mordecai's conduct displeased the leading man in the 
kingdom, whose name was Hanian. The former would not bow 
to him nor do him reverence. When Haman saw this conduct 
of Mordecai's he was full of wrath towards him; he was 
ashamed, however, to lay hands on Mordecai alone, but thought 
it would be a suitable revenge for him to destroy him and his 
entire people; that is all the Jews throughout the whole king- 
dom of Ahasuerus. He represented to the king that there was 
a certain race scattered abroad and dispersed among the people 
in the provinces of his kingdom, whose laws were diverse from 
those of the others, and who refused to keep the king's laws. 
On this account he urged that it was not to the king's profit to 
sufiFer them to live. He said that if the king would write that 
they were to be destroyed, he would give ten thousand talents 
of silver into the hands of those who had charge of their 
destruction. The king was persuaded by what Haman said, 
and he told him that he could do as seemed good to him. So 
letters were written and sent into all the provinces to destroy 
and cause to perish all the Jews, both young and uld, lilth; 
children and women, in one day, and to take their jirnjiSrly as a 
spoil. 

So far, Haman thought his plot was succeeding admirably ; 
but he did not cfiunt upon th« Lord intt^rfering U> prevent his 
scheme from being successful. He knew not the promis"s 
which God had made to the Jewish nation ; or If he did, he did 



not believe that they would be fulfilled. To all human appear- 
ance the Jews wore doomed to destruction, for Ahasuerus was 
a mighty monarch, his word was law, and when he issued a 
decree to destroy a captive people, as he did in the case of the 
Jews, there was no earthly power to prevent it being fulfilled. 
There was great wailing and lamentation and fasting among the 
Jews throughout the entire kingdom ; and they rent their 
clothes and many of them lay in sackcloth and ashes. IMordecai 
also humbled himself, and wept bitterly at the thought of the 
destruction of his people. Esther, the queen, heard of his 
mourning and sent raiment to him to clothe him and also order- 
ed his sackcloth to be taken away from him ; but he would not 
be comforted. She then sent one of the chamberlains to him 
to ask what the trouble was ; and Mordecai told him all that 
had happened, and of the decree, and told him to say unto the 
queen, and to charge her, that she should go to the king and 
make supplication to him for her poojjle. The customs of the 
court were such, however, that there was risk of death even for 
the queen to go into the inner court of the palace, where the 
king was, without being invited by him. If the king chose to 
extend his golden scepter to the person intruding without 
invitation, he or she could live ; otherwise the law was that the 
intruder should be killed. She sent word to this effect to 
Mordecai; but ho replied that she must not think that she 
would escape any more than the rest of the Jews ; and he 
added, if she held her peac3 at that time, there would be salva- 
tion extended to the Jews from another quarter, and she and 
her fiither's liouse should be destroyed. 

Esther then sent word to Mordecai to gather all the Jews 
together and fast for her three days and three nights, and she 
and her maidens should fast, and she would go in unto the king, 
which was contrary to the law, and if she perished, she would 
perish. This, however, was not to be her fate. The prayers of 
the people in her behalf were heard. The king's heart was 
turned towards her, and she obtained favor in his sight. Ho 
promised to give her whatever she asked even to the half of his 
kingdom. She did not on that occasion tell him all that was in 
her heart ; but invited him and Haman to a banquet that she 
had prepared. This invitation flattered Haman so much, and 
he became so lifted up with pride, that he resolved on Mor- 
decai's destruction, and after counselling with his wife and 
friends about the matter, ho caused a gallows, fifty cubits high, 
to be built, upon which to hang Mordecai. He concluded to 
ask the king the nest day to allow him to have the privilege of 
hanging IMordecai thereon. 

Again he counted ui)on the success of his plan without taking 
the Almighty into consideration. He did not know that Mor- 
decai had any other power to deliver him but that of man, and 
he rejoiced at the prospect of talking his life. But that night 
the king was very restless and could tiot sleep. He commanded 
that the book of the records of the chronicles of the kingdom 
should be read to him. In that book was found written that 
Mordecai had discovered a consjjiracy against the king, and had 
revealed it, by which the king's life had been saved. The king 
inquired: "What honor and dignity hath been done to Mordecai 
for this? 

His servants replied; "There has nothing been done for 
him." 

The king then asked : " Who is in the court ? " 

Now it happened that Haman had aliout this time come into 
the outward court of the king's house to speak uute the king 
about hanging Mordecai on the gallows that had been prepared 
for him. The servants of the king therefore said; "Behold 
Haman standeth in the court." 

The king ordered him to come in, and said nnlo him : "What 
shall be done unto the man whom the king delighteth to 
honor?" 

Now., Haman thought in his li(!art " To whom would the 
king delight to do honor niore than to my.sclf?" He thought 



frS^ 



^^im 




CTTJ'VEISriLE! XJ<T &TJ^U a t(d:ei. 



183 



he was the favorite, and, full of pride and vanity, he supposed 
that in makiiig this intiuiry of him, the king intended to bestow 
great honor upon him. Therefore he replied : " For the man 
whom the king delighteth to honor, let the royal apparel be 
brought which the king useth to wear, and the horse that the 
king rideth upon, and the crown royal which is set upon his 
head ; and let this apparel and horse be delivered to the hand of 
one of the king's most noble princes, that they may array the 
man withal whom the king delighteth to honor, and bring him 
on horseback through the street of the city, and proclaim 
before him, ' Thus shall it be done to the man whom the king 
delighteth to honor.' " 

Then the king said to Haman : "Make haste, and take the 
apparel and the horse, as thou hast said, and do eveu so to Mor- 
deeai the Jew, that sitteth at the king's gate; let nothing fail 
of all that thou hast spoken." 

Oh, what humiliation there was in this commandment! 
Instead of being honored himself he was required to do honor 
to the man whom he hated, and whose death he had come to 
ask for. But there was no way of avoiding the duty ; he him- 
self had said what the honor should bo that Jlordecai was to 
receive, and he could not do otherwise than carry out the king's 
wishes. He took the apparel and the horse, arrayed I^Iordecai 
and brought him on horseback through the street of the city, 
and proclaimed before him : " Thus shall it be done to the man 
whom the king delighteth to honor." 

The words must almost have choked him. When he had 
performed this command, ho went home to his house mourning, 
and told his wife and friends all that had happened. They, 
however, had but little comfort for him ; for they said unto 
him : "If Mordecai be of the seed of the Jews before whom 
thou hast begun to fall, thou shalt not prevail against him, but 
shalt surely fall before him." 

They seemed to have an idea that there was a power and 
influence connected with the Jews that gave them success and 
victory. While they were talking, the messenger came to sum- 
mon Ilaman to the banquet. Pleased with the feast, fascinated 
with the beauty of the queen, and, more than all, moved upon by 
the Lord, the king requested Esther to tell him what she 
desired, and he would grant it even to the half of his kingdom. 
Then she related to him the plot that had been formed for the 
destruction of herself and people. The king wanted to know 
who it was that dared to presume to do this. She pointed to 
Haman, and said: "The adversary and enemy is this wicked 
Haman." 

The king rose up in his wrath and went out, and Haman also 
rose up to plead with the iiueeii for his life, for he saw that the 
king was angry with him. The king returned immediately, and 
f jund Haman on the ((ueen's bed. This made him still more 
angry. His servants sc:i/,ed Haman. One of them seemed to 
know that Ilaman had prepared a gallows fur Mordecai, so he 
tiild the king fcjr what purpose the gallows had been erected; 
and the king commanded hi.s servants to hang Hainan thereon, 
and it was done even as he commanded. Tlie king placed Mor- 
decai in the ijosition that Hanjan had held, and he sent letters 
to tlie Jews throughout all the provinces to st^ind in their own 
defense and to destroy all the people who .should assail them. 
By this means the Jews were saved, and so convinced were 
many of the people that God was with the Jews, and that it 
was His power alone that saved them, that they became Jews. 

Thus you see, children, that is was iuipossible fiir uii'n, how- 
ever iMiwurfuI, to destpjy the i)eiiple of (Jod, wlien Hi; had said 
that they shnuld live and lie delivered. Little ilid Haman 
think, wiieii h" built the gajjtiWH, tliat Ik,' was pnpaiinj,' a means 
fur his own destrneliun ; lillle did he think, wlien seeking (<> do 
injnry to the pedi.ii,' (jf <iud, that he was laying the (liumlaliun 
fur his (iwn ruin and conipleUt uvirllmiW. 

Th(^ pri'seiit events, whii li are taking place in Ibis 'I'enidiry, 
remind us of Haman and his attempts to destroy l'"-' peuple i>f 






God. There are men here who think, because they have 
power, that they can lay jjlans to destroy the iieople of God and < 
they will he successful. But they know not the Lord, neither 
do they believe in His promises. By persisting in their wick- 
edness they will not hurt the Saints ; but they will pull down 
destruction upon themselves. 



[For the Juveniie Insliuclor, 



s o L xj T I o isr , 



WHEN solids are dissolved in liquids either by water, 
alcohol, ether, chloroform, or mercury, it is sujjposed that 
the solid is comhined with the liciuid. By some chemjsts 
this effect is said to be brought about by an affinity exisSiig 
between the solid and the solvent ; by others it is ascribed to 
a phytical effect of adhesion. Whatever the nature of the 
force may be it is sufficient to overcome that of cohesion. Still 
there is no chemical change of properties, the change is purely 
physical; table salt dissolved in water is still chloride of sodium; 
caoutchouc dissolved in coal-tar naptha, or any hydro-carbon, is 
still India rubber. So with other solids, if only dissolved they 
retain their chemical properties. The solution of a solid is best 
effected by a solvent of the same nature as itself; resins dis- 
solve readily in alcohol ; fats dissolve in oils ; metals in mercury; 
neutral salts and compomids in water, itself a neutral compound. 
Water is the most universal solvent for chemical purposes, 
because there are a wider range of substances of its own nature 
to operate upon ; water, or its elements enter into the composi- 
tion of most things. Those considerations, and others that will 
be named, make it apparent that solution is more of the nature 
of a chemical combination than a mechanical adhesion of the 
particles. A number of operations in the arts are the resiJt of 
changes brought about by a correct understanding of the nature 
of solvents. Each substance has its own specific solubility, 
which varies frequently with the temperature ; heat, with few 
exceptions, increases solubility; this knowledge is also turned 
to account. 

Then there is a difference in the relative solubility of sjlts in 
water that is, some are more soluble than others ; when differ- 
ent salts are in the same solution, that which is the least 
soluble may, by evaporation of the liquid, be deposited the 
lirst. In this way some salts are separated. 

Substances soluble in one solvent may sometimes be separated 
by mixing with a liquid in which they are insoluble : Camphor 
dissolved in alcohol on adding wati^r is separated in floculent 
iiiasses- gum dissolved in water is sejiarated by adding alcohol. 
Some substances that are ehemieally ailapt<'d to each other are 
incapable of union until the force of cohesion among their 
particles is broken up by solution, as with some acids and 
alkalies. Fat(y acids chemically comliine with water in solution 
in the jiresence of alkalies, as in soap making. Some .substances 
do not dissolve in water without the ajiiilication of heat, as in 
starch-making, which is merely a susiiension, or diffusion of the 
starch-particles through the water. 

Solutions of met;ils in mercury (amalgams) are more of thu 
nature of chemical c<inipound.s. As a general thing lu'at hastens 
the jirocess of solution, and the further application of heat 
separates the mercury by volatilization. It is i)robable tliat all 
inelals arc capabh: of passing off in a similar condition at very 
high temperatures. 

Li.inids that are ihemi.aliy different may be brought nito 
soinlion together: alcohol dissolves in water in any proportion; 



; 



^^^ 



5«ev! 




Sj 18-^ 



or TJ -V E 3Sr I L E IliTSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



and thus liquids ■when combined have the singular property of 
occupying less space than when separate, fifty-four parts of 
alcohol to fifty parts of water only produce one hundred parts. 
This phenomenon is thought by some chemists to be a proof of 
a efiemictil combination. 

Solutions of salts in water sometiuies are attended by loss of 
heat, this arises from the salts passing from the solid to the 
liijuid state. Freezing mixtures owe their energy to this cause. 
If one part (proportion) of crystallized nitrate of ammonia is 
dissolved in one part of water, great cold is produced (forty-six 
degrees). This class of phenomena is caused by the rapid 
abstraction of heat from surrounding media : solids passing into 
liquids require heat to become liquid ; liquids passing into the 
solid state give off heat to surrounding media. The conditions 
for forming effective freezing mixtures depend upon these prin- 
ciples. Equal parts of snow (or ice in fine powder) mixed witli 
common salt will lower the temperature thirt\'-two degrees (zero). 
Both solids pass into the liquid state. Liquids that contract in 
volume on being mixed give off heat ; sulphuric acid and water 
will be remembered as au illustration, on being mixed great heat 
is evolved. 

We generally look for visible results as evidence of chemical 
change, chemiciil force may be exerted without this ; it is pro- 
bable that solutions may sometimes be the effect of the adhesion 
of the liquid to the solid particles of substances. On the other 
hand the views of others may be correct that there is a cliemicjd 
union ; undoubtedly the solutions of metals in mercury are so in 
many instances. 

Beth. 



Good Man.vf.us. — Young folks should be mannerly. How 
to be so is the question. Many a good girl and boy feel 
that they can't behave to suit themselves in the presence of 
company. They feel timid, bashful and self-distrustful the 
moment they are addressed by a stranger, or appear in coni- 
l)any. There is but one way to get over this feeling and acquire 
easy and graceful manners ; that is, to do the best they can all 
the time at home, as well as abroad. Good manners are noi 
learned by arbitrary teaching so much as by habit. They grow 
uiwn us by use. Wc must be courteous, agreeable eivO, kind, 
gentlemanly, and womanly at home, and then it wdl become a 
kind of second nature to bo so everywhere. A coarse, rough 
manner at home begets a habit of roughness which wc cannot lay 
off if ^e try, when we go among strang(;r3. The most agree- 
able people we have ever known in companj' are tliose who are 
perfectly agreeable at home. Home is the school for all good 
tilings, especially for good manners. 



?y> 



Uow Mo.VKfTi'S ARE L'acoiit. — In Darfour and Sennaar 
the natives make a fermented beer, of which the inonL'Vs 
are passionately fond. Aware of this, the natives go to the 
parts of the f )rest frequented by the monkeys, and set on the 
ground calabashes full of the enticing liquor. As soon as the 
monkey sees it and tastes it, he utters hmd cries of joy that 
s')on attract his comrades. Then the orgie bcgin.s, and then in 
a .short time they show all degrees of intoxication. Then the 
negroes appear. The few who come too late to got fuddled 
escape. The drinkers are too far gone to distru.st them, but 
apparently take them fijr larger species of their own race. 
When a negro takes one by the hand to lead him off, the near- 
est monkey will cling to the one that thus finds support, and 
endeavor to go off also. Another will gra-np at him, and so on, 
until the negro leads a staggering line of ten or fifteen tipsy 
monkeys. When finally bniuglit to the village, they arc 
securely caged and gradually sobered down; but fur two or 
three days a gradually-diinini.shing .sujiply 6*" liquor is given 
them, so as to reconcile them by degrees U, their state of 
captivity. 



G "EI E "V .A. Xj I E K. . 



While he lic6 nslcop beside mc, 

Shascy head on shaggy paws, 
Bliiikins; just a bit when squirrels 

Kustle by for hips and haws, — 
\Vliilc, with earcless hand, I fondle 

nis crisp hair of mottled irray, — 
I will tell the oft-told story ,- 

Why I call him Chevalier. 

I was but a tiny nrchin, 

Fillinc every hour with play, 
And this dog, asleep beside nic, 

Kept me eompanj' all day, 
Frolieked with me, served me, loved mc, 

In my joy and wantonness ; 
I'aticnt with my small capriees, 

Glad with every slight earess. 

X was waked one night from slumber 

By a eudden cry and rout; 
Many bells with frightening clangor 

I'oured their hasty waniiugs out. 
Everywhere was ruddy radiance 

Brighter llian the l>rightest da3'; 
AH around tlie lofty windows 

Tongues of flame began to play. 

To the door I rushed in terror; 

IlasUl3' I threw it wide ; 
Clouds of smoke with lurid centres 

Barred my way, lieforc, beside! 
81u-inkini; back, I shrieked for succor, 
"Father! Motlier!" None could hear, 
sun I shrieked in wilder accents, 

Accents shrilled by deadly fear. 

Suddenly the dog came plunging 

Throuifh the sea of smoke and llamc, 
I'aused, with one short l«rk, beside me. 

Whimpered when I ericd his name. 
Then there came a dream of terror, 

Burnhig heat and blastini; lii^hl, 
Ifeui and liniit thai liunied and racked me 

Many a day and many a night. 

When at last the fever left me, 

Some one sifting by my bed 
Told me all the dreadful story; 

How the lire had risen and spread ; 
How the inmates, i-oused from slumber, 

Had been rescued as tlie.v lay, 
All hut me. No daring footstep 

To my door could make its way. 

But the doir, unloosed and whining, 

I'rirkcd Ills ears to hear me call, 
Sprani; within the smoke-lilled doorway, 

Leapint; alon^ the blazini; hall. 
Bounded up the shrinkuig staircase, 

Then, while (lanies roared high and higher, 
Stii'^'.rrrrd back, blinded and iianting, 

Through the centre of the lire, — 

Dropped Ills seorchod, nneonseious burden 

.lust Iieyond the line of heat. 
Crept, with mntlled Imir on lire. 

Moaning, to my iinitluT's feet. 
As I wept Ui hear the story, 

T,o, a iiuuh hcJid rose beside, 
Two rough jiaws were planted by me, 

And my sudden tears were dried 

Then the nurse said, while I kissed him 
Welcome in my childish way, 
" He's so brave, and L'rand, and gentle, 
I would call him Chevalier." 



Selected. 



IB publiHhed" In Suit Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVKUY OTIIKK BATIIUDAY. 

CEORCE 0- CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Sinijlc C<>pil,per Anrmm $2 50. 

Hingle Onpy, /or /SVx Months 1 50, 

*a-firnint)rouL'htto thin flty for tlio .IrVFNii.K iNSTruiCTOR will bo 
received at the omco of our paper— Dkskiibt Nitwit Buii.iuNos, 



'b^^ 




