
VANDALISM 




THE Vandals were a race of barbarians, who, many hun- 
dred years ago, lived in Northern Europe. During the 
fifth century of the Christian era they invaded Rome, and 
destroyed all the works of ait and literalure they could lav 
their hands upon. 

"■■■;iiii!iiiHr"^ 



Ages have passed 
since that people 
ceased to exist as a 
nation, having been 
wasted away in war 
or merged into other 
nations, but their 
name has survived 
them, and the term 
Vandal, in our daj'. 
is applied to any per- 
son youns or ol 1 who 
has no regard for 
things of beauty, 
ornament or utility, 
that other people sn 
highly prize, bui 
finds pleasure in de- 
stroying them. 

Here we have tht 
picture of a reckles- 
specimen of this spe- 
cies, who, having 
been left at home to 
"keep house" dur 
ing the temporary 
absence of his pa- 
rents, is indulging in 
his peculiar amuse- 
ment. 

He has taken off' 
one of his .shoes and 
thrown it at the cat 
until he has broken 
a wiiiilow pane. He 
has ki(:kc<l around 
with his stocking on 
until his toe stickii 




through a hole in it. His father's well-made and nicely-painted 
tool-box, which that parent fondly hoped would be secure 
against the attacks of "that terrible bo3'," has, accidently, 
been left unlocked, and the young urchin is making rather 

"free" with its con- 
tents. He has driven 
a chisel through the 
lid, bored a gimlet 
through the ^ide and 
hammered nails here 
and there all over it. 
And now he has se- 
cured his father's fine 
dress hat, and is busy 
driving nails into it. 
It is to be hoped 
his parents will come 
home soon and put 
an end to such do- 
ings, or the nice 
books which we see 
piled up beside him 
may fall a prey to 
his destructive pro- 
pensity next. 

We can pity pa- 
rents who have such 
a boy as this, and we 
can pity a boy who 
has such a disposi- 
tion. No person 
need envy the dis- 
position of one who 
sees nothing in works 
of art to admire or 
venerate, but who is 
constantly temitted 
to break such things 
in pieces and de.-troy 
I he 111. It is such 
I'Kitcrial as this 
ihat "lioodliims" are 
made of Tlio.-e are 



'Jf 



^i-^ 




74r 



crxj"VE!isriXjic iicTSTi^TjaTOE.. 




the kind of persons that prisons and houses of correction get 
their recruits from. 

It is not a good spirit that prompts persons to willfully 
destroy things that are useful or beautiful, but when persons 
are inspired by the evil one they frequently feci like doing so. 
The Lord never inspired any boy with a disposition to dis- 
figiire his neighbors fence, hack his shade trees or destroy his 
property in other ways, as we have heard of vicious boys 
doing. The Lord, is the author of intelligence. All intelligence 
possessed by man comes from Him. But no intelligence is 
required to destroy things. Any fool, with ruthless hand and 
demoniac intent, may destroy in a few minutes what a wise 
man might spend 3-ears of patient and intelligent labor in 
creating or gathering together. It is God-like to build up, to 
beautify, to adorn, to promote happiness and long life. It is 
demon-like to destroy, to waste, to torture, to produce misery 
and to shorten life. 

We would like our young readers to remember this. If 
they are ever tempted to destroy things which are useful or 
ornamental, or to wantonly torture or take the life of any 
animal, they should know that the temptation is from the 
devil; and they should resist it. Yielding to such a tempta- 
tion and indulging such a propensity is apt in time to develop 
an insensiVjility or disregard for the rights ov feelings of others 
and lead to crime. Many a person who has spent the best 
part of his existence behind prison bars or ended his life upon 
the scaflFold might have traced the origin of his vicious career 
back to some act of wanton cruelty or destruction in his boy- 
hood days. 

Boys, remember the words of the poet, Cowper, and never 
needlessly destroy or torture anything; 

"I would not enter on my list of friends 

(Though graced with polish'd mnnner.s and fine sense. 

Yet wanting sensibility) the man 

"Who needlessly sets foot upon a worm. 

An inadvertent step may crush the snail 

That crawls at evening in the public path ; 

But he that has hinnanity, forewarn'd, 

AVill tread aside and let the reptile live." 



JOTTINQS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 



( Continued from pnc/e iVl. ) 

GRINDELWALD is noted on account of its two glaciers, 
which descend far into the valley, and are easy of access. 
These glaciers have decreased considerably in size within the 
last few years, but judging from their size, I should say there 
is enough ice leil to last for .several hundred years yet, if the 
meltiog process is not very much accelerated. 

Throuch one of these glaciers a tunnel has been cut, so that 
those who <lcsire to ascend the mountain will find it both 
easier and more pleasant to go through the tunnel, than to 
pa.ss over the top: this latter way being attended with no 
little danger, as well as being tiresome, on account of having 
to climb over the crags and leap the ruts of the glacier. 

After having viewed (Irindelwald and its surroundings to 
our hearts' content, we went to a little village called Lauter- 
brunnen, which is in a valley only half a mile wide. The 
mountains on ihe east side of this valley are so high that in 
winter the sun docs not show itself until noon. 



This place is noted for the great number of brooks which 
fall from the rocky bights around. The most noted of t'uese 
is the Staubbach (dust brook), the water of which has an 
unbroken fall of 980 feet. The amount of water is never very 
great, and uiion falling such a distance it is converted into 
minute particles of spray, appearing at a little distance like dust. 

In the morning the cascade, when viewed from the side in 
the .sunlight, resembles a transparent, silvery veil, and fre- 
quently the hues of the rainbow are visible. 

We returned to Bern by way of Interlaken, after having 
had a most delightful trip through a part of Bern Oberland. 
Of course we were very tired, as the traveling had mostly 
been done on foot, yet what we had seen fully repaid us for all 
our weariness. 

In our travels around we occasionally meet with an honest 
soul, and one who is trying to serve God according to the best 
knowledge he possesses; but of such there are indeed very 
few. There are also many who have such exalted ideas of 
their own knowledge and goodness, that I hey will not heed 
the counsel of the Apostle Paul to "Prove all things." 

A great numlier of those who are willing to learn something 
will not take the trouble or time to hear anything from a 
"Mormon," for they think they know all about that people, 
because they happen to read a newspaper article occasionally 
about "Utah and its inhabitants;" or else they hear some per- 
son speak who pretends to be able to expose "Mormouism." 

It is in this country as in almost every other place, the 
people prefer darkness to light, and a falsehood to the truth. 
This fact became very apparent to me on one particular occa- 
sion. 

During the summer I would occasionally take a little walk 
outside the city early in the morning, and in my rambles I met 
a man for several mornings successively who was reading the 
Testament. 

Seeing this, I ventured to make his aciiuaintanee, and after 
speaking with him a few minutes about the Bible, gave him 
one of our jiauiiihlets to read, at the same time telling him of 
my telief in the holy scriptures. 

He expressed himself as being very pleased at having met 
one who also believed the words of the ancient prophets and 
apostles, and he proiuised to read the tract which I had given 
him. He also invited me to visit him at his home, the 
address of which he gave me. 

I told him, however, to first read the little book that I had 
given him, and we could then meet the next morning and 
have a talk together. 

For several mornings following I was out as usual, but failed 
to see my new ac(|uaintancc. Finally, some days later, on 
taking another direction for a ramble I unexpectedly met my 
man, who was a little confused at seeing me, and I felt that he 
had purpo.sely gone in another direction for a walk so as to 
avoid me. 

However, I stepped up to him and asked him if he had 
read the pamphlet that I had given him. 

He said he had, and that ho had found out that 1 was a 
".^Io^moIl," and therefore he did not want anything more to 
d.) with me. 

.\ftcr listening for some time to all the evils of which he 
accused the ".Mormons," I asked him if the principles of 
their belief were not in accordance with the Bible; and 
altlioUKh he would not admit that they were, still he could 
not bring any argument against them. 

I could plainly see that his hatied of our ("hurcli was 
ca'i.sed by prejudice, and this was so predominant in him that 



\:P 





CTTJ^EHsriLIE II^TSTI^TJOTOI^. 




lie would not give an impartial hearing to the truth ; and 
there are manj' others who hive feelings similar to those of 
the person here mentioned. 

Towards thejatter part of summer I had the privilege to 
visit my former field of lahor in Mannheim and Ludwigshafen. 
A few Saints from the mission had succeeded in gathering 
enough means together with which to emigrate, and I was 
permitted to accompany them a short distance on their 
journey. 

In the above-named places I found the majority of the 
Saints feeling well, as far as the gospel was concerned, but, as 
I had supposed would be the case, many had become negligent 
in their duties, and some had fallen entirely away from the 
Church. 

Since the regular meetings had to be stopped, Satan had 
worked unceasingly to gain power over the members of the 
tiranch, and some of those who were foimerly considered 
strong in the faith had been overcome by temptation. A 
good branch still remained, however, and the members of the 
same had applied by written petition to the government for 
permission to again hold meetings; but an unfavorable reply 
was the only result, and a stricter watch was kept upon the 
Elders from Utah to see that they held no private meetings. 

No doubt the decision of the government in Baden not to 
permit our people to hold meetings inside of its dominions, 
was strengthened by the action which the authorities in 
Prussia took in relation to our cause; for just about this time 
three of our Elders were arrested in Berlin, imprisoned for 
twenty hoiirs, and then banished from the kingdom. 

Notwithstanding the oppression to wliich the Saints were 
subjected, they felt willing to leave all things in the hands 
of God, knowing that He would overrule all things for their 
good. 

I had a very pleasant though rather short vi.-it with the 
brethren and sisters of the Ludwigshafen branch, and I found' 
that their hospitality had not decreased since I left their midst 
to go to Bern. 

( To Jjc CoKtiiuifd.) 



...^..^•o_ 



LEARN TO 



THINK 
SELVES. 



FOR YOUR- 



BV .J. 11. I'AHRV. 




I^KE great lack of the age, among all cla.s!;es of people, 
• learned and unlearned, is the want of thought. People 
engage in all manner of callings, pursuits and avocations, and 
very few take the trouble to think for themselves. They let 
others think for them, and adojit the ideas of othcns without 
questioning iu their own minds their fitne-s or propriety. 

The human mind is possessed of reasoning powers and 
abilities far above our conception ; and it is held by some that 
it is almost unfathomable, reaching forth like its JIaker, from 
eternity to eternity. 

Yet how few tlicre are who think ! How few try to reason 
the why and the wherefore of tlie events that transpire about 
tliem, of things that exist, and that they are more or less 
familiar with'in the daily intercourse of life! Man was made 
a thinking and reasoning creature, after the pattern of an 
intelligent JIakcr, and he is answerable to Hin) for the use or 
misuse of these divine attributes. 

In the heathen world we are drawn to pity the devotees of 
idol worshij) in the extravagance and hideousne.ss of their 



adoration of an unsightly reptile, or perhaps an image of wood 
or stone. The difficulty with them is, they do not stop to 
think how ridiculous they appear to the intelligent God whom 
they strive to worship through the medium of their images. 
Nor do they stop to consider how ludicrous and foolish their 
acts would appear to themselves and others under any other 
name than that of religion. They do not seek a reason for 
their form of worship, but are content to know that their 
fiithers did the same before them. 

The professed Christian world is but little better in this 
respect than the heathen. The only plausible reason the 
many will give for their being advocates of Chrislianit}', is 
that their fathers were professed believers. 3Iethodists 
are oi'ten Methodists because, forsooth, their parents were 
Methodists. Tbe same with the Baptists and other sects and 
parties. Very few have ever questioned whether there 
might be another sect belter than their own, or possessing 
more truth. Few, indeed, have ever thought of the possibility 
of all having gone astray from the true wor.ship of God, but 
take it for granted that anything in the form of worship, how- 
ever inconsistent it may appear of itself, is equally pleasing 
and acceptable before God. They pay the preachers to think 
for them, instead of reasoning for themselves whether a thing 
is right or wrong; and because they do not think they are led 
to every excess, being tossed to and fro by every wind of doc- 
trine, according to the whim of those they pay to think and 
reason for them in religious matters. 

There are many, however, in the world who do think for 
themselves, and have in consequence to hold themselves aloof 
from religious societies, and are looked upon as infidels and 
uncouvertable sinners. These are often the only ones who are 
earnestly seeking after the ways of God, and who willingly 
receive the light of tJ'uth when presented to them. 

In the political world there seems to be more lack of 
thought in the individual citizen than we have seen among 
reliaious classes. The leaders of the political factions sway 
their followers to vote this, that or the other measure into 
existence, and the individual seldom stips to think whether 
he acts consistently or not, he only cares to know that he 
follows his file leader. 

This accounts in a great measure for the inconsistent legis- 
lation so often enacted, and so often pressed before Congress. 
The few thinking members of Congress are safe, reliable and 
trustworthy men, and seldom act upon any measure before 
thoroughly canvassing the matter in their own minds, and act 
accordingly, irrespective of party leaders. It is to them that 
we, as a people, owe much of our freedom. 

But sufficient. We see the lack of thought in almost every 
avenue and condition of life. In no class is it excusable, 
except it be in the aged, when life's work is done. To see it 
in >uutli, in manhood or in middle age is much to be 
regretted. Some arc inclined to pass lightly upon the 
thoughtlessness of the young, when to much of their future 
hafipiness dei)ends upon the turn they are now making in 
their lives! A youth thoughtlos, when all the success of 
his future life depends ui)oii the ojiportunitics of the present 
moment! A youth thoughtless, when his every action is a 
foundation stone of his life ! Bather excuse thoughtlessness 
at any after time in life, but never in youth. 

The mechanic, artisan, farmer or laborer who does not think 
is but a plodder in the race of life, atiil will always have to play 
second liJdle to somi; one of his fellows who puts his mind and 
heart into his work. 'J'lic thinker is the master of his 
business, but the plodder is its .slave. 





CTTJ'^rElNriLE] IIsrSTIE^TJOTOT^. 




Our enemies are pleased to call us slaves and serfs to those 
who are our leaders in the Church. In truth there is no people 
more free upon the earth. No other people dare think and act 
as freely as we do. Here, every man holdine the priesthood, 
is or should be an authority in hiiu.«elf upon almost all mat- 
ters. This is because they have learned, .'-ince receiving the 
gospel, to think, act and know for themselves; and, knowing 
for themselves they have been able to brave with iirmness the 
opposition of the world. 

Children, think of the sacrifices our parents have made for 
their religion, and the toils and privations they have endured, 
that we, their children, might have a home in these moun- 
tains, where we are reared in health, purity, virtue and 
freedom from the en.slaving influence of the so-called civi iz;d 
world, and where we can become fit to fill the destiny that 
awaits us. 

Think earnestly of these things, and be not content to be 
called Latter-day Saints simply because your parents are suah, 
but try and solve the reason why they became such, and why you 
should be Saints in very deed, by getting a testimony of the truth 
for yourselves. If you do this, your faith will be stronger th-in 
your parents'; you will become useTul members in the Church 
and Kingdom of God, men and women who can be trusted 
and relied upon in every emergency. 

Make Solomon's wise motio your watchword through life, 
that whatsoever your hands find to do, do it with your whole 
heart and strength. 



MISSIOXARY IXCIDENTS. 



BY n. c. 




'T^IIKl'iE are no people on the earth, that we are acquainted 
-•■ with, that exorci.^^e so much faith in God our Heavenly 
Father as do the Latter-day Saints. No other people seek for 
His protecting care as they do. Nor are there any people to 
whom His protection is oltener extended or made manifest 
more visibly than unto this people. 

Especially has this been the case with hundreds of our 
Elders, when traveling and preaching the gospel. A few of 
these instances of divine protection in my own experience I 
wish to relate. 

While on my way to Nauvoo, Illinois, in the month of 
June, lS4r), going down the Ohio River, the steamer I was 
aboard of ran aground on the "Flint Island Bir,' just above 
Evan.sville, Indiana. 

I remained on the boat for thirty-six hiiurs ; and the water 
in the river being very low, and getting lower every day, and, 
seeing no prospect of our getting past tliis bar, I concluded to 
go ashore and work a few days, as [ umlcrslood laborers were 
in demand in Evansville. The captain of the steamer aground, 
accordingly, refunded me a just proportion of the passage 
money I had paid him. 

I procured work for one week, at the end of which time the 
river began to rise. Being very anxious to pursue my journey, 
I went aboard the first boat that landed at I'lvansville, which I 
learned was going as far up the Mississippi River as Galena. I 
made arrangements with thcV.erk for passage to Nauvoo, but 
did not pay him at the time, as he said the boat would nut 
leave for two hours. 

I was never more desirous to pur.--ue my journey than I 
was on this occasion, yet soon after going aboard a feeling of 
aversion to going on that steamer took po.sscssion of me. 



Instead of a sensation of joy, an undefinable dread, or fore" 
boding of coming evil was exercising an influence over me, 
that increased in its power every moment, until I could resist 
DO longer, and, snatching up my trunk, 1 fled with it to shore, 
just as the deck hands stopped to haul in the gangway, and 
the boat moved off' 

I put my trunk down on the bank of the river, and sat down 
on it, too weak to stand on my feet longer. 

This was a new experience to me, then. What did it mean'? 
One thing was certain, I felt as if T had just escaped from 
some great calamity to a place of safety. 

Two days after this I lonk passage on another steamer for 
St. Louis, where in due time T arrived in safetj'. As I walked 
ashore I met a new.'^boy crying his morning paper, and the 
items of new-- it contained, the most prominent of which was 
an account of the ill-fated steamer that I had made my escape 
from at Evansville on the Ohio River. I purchased the paper, 
and found the boat 1 ad been snagged in the Mississippi River, 
below St. Liuis, in the night, and sank, with a loss of nearly 
all that were on board. 

The mysterious feeling that impelled me to leave that boat 
was cleared up to my satisfaction. There remained not the 
shadow ol a doubt that Providence had interposed between 
me and the great danger. 

The thanks, gratitude, and joy that filled my whole being 
on this occasion, I will not try to describe. 

On another occasion, when on a mission in the State of 
California, in the year 1S5T, it became necessary for me to 
make a visit; from the north end to the south end of the San- 
Fi-anoisoo Bay. 

There were two ways open to me to make this trip. One 
was to take the steamer and go by water from Pctaluma to 
San Jose, the place I wished to visit. The other was by land, 
on horseback, around the east side of the bay, by way of 
Vallejo and Benicia. 

I had stayed over Slonday night at the house of a Mr. 

II , who was preparing to move south with his family, and 

who prevailed on me to accompany him around by land. He 
offered to feed both myself and- horse as far south as I desired 
to go, thus relieving me of any expense. ^ 

Mr. H had taken great pains to tell me of a Mr. ■, 

who was verj' favorably inclined to our people and doctrines. 
He thought that I ought, by all means, to visit him, and that 
Tcoulddoso on the coming Friday evening, and join him 

(Mr. H J on Saturday morning at Vallejo, on the proposed 

trip. 

This all appeared to me, to be right enough, as Mr. 

lived nearly in a direct line from Petaluma (thg place I would 
start from on Friday) and Vallejo. 

Mr. O had often invited me to make him a visit, and I 

therefore promised Mr. H that I would accept of his 

kind off'er, and meet liim at Vcllcjo as proposed. 

On the I'riday following, I took dinner at A. J. Mayficld's, 
n°ar Petaluma. Soon afterwards I caught and saddled my 
horse, when I began to feel opposed to going to Mr. U s. 

I remarked to Mr. Mayfield that I was tempted to give up 
my visit, nt which he and wife (who were both great friends 
of ours) b. gan to insist that I must not fail to visit Mr. 

() and family, as they were very anxious for me to do so. 

His acquaintance and friendship, they said, wouhl be a great 
advantage to me, as he was a man of wealth and great influ- 
ence. 

Having nothing to offer as an excuse for not going, I mounted 
my hiir.se an 1 rode away. 





crTJATEisrirjji] ih^sti^tjctoi^. 




The distance was about four miles; and, as I poceeded, the 
same mysterious influence was brought to bear upon me that 
had saved my life on the other occasion just related. 

This aversion grew and increased upon me until I came in 

sight of Mr. 's house, which was located in a beautifu' 

vale, some half a mile away. From this point I could proceed 
no farther, or, to say the le&st, it seemed madness to do so. 

So powerfully was I impressed that some impending evil 
awaited me if I went farther, that I turned my horse about 
and started back on a gallop, which I did not break until I 
arrived at 3Ir. JIayfield's again, feeling all the time as if I 
was fleeing from some great calamity. 

The explanation I gave this family did not seem to satisfy 
them. I could see they thought me a little inclined to lunacy- 
However, next morning all was made plain enough. 

Having given up my trip around the bay, I went, in company 
with Mr. Mayfield, to Petaluma, to take steamer and make my 
trip by water. 

We had been in town but a few minutes when we met with 

Mr. , who had come in to get out a warrant and an oflicer 

to arrest Mr. H , whom I was to have met that same 

morning at Vallejo. 

Mr. had been robbed the night before of eight 

thousand dollars in gold, and he charged H with being 

the guilty party, which afterwards was proved to be true. 

If I had not been prevented by a kind Providence, I 
would doubtless have been arrested at Benicia with him, as 
an accomplice. 

The reader can easily perceive the dilemma this would have 
placed me in. And no doubt this family would have done all 
In their power to fasten the guilt upon me, in order to save 
themselves. 

As soon as Mr. Mayfield and I were alone, he exclaimed, 

"0, I know now why you could not visit Mr. 's last 

evening." 

That family no longer regarded me as being superstitious. 

As in the other case, I considered this a wonderful escape 
from a terrible snare, and was full ^f grati(ude, giving thanks 
to Almighty God for the same. 

Since then I have given more heed to the still small voice of 
the Spirit, and, consequently, have escaped many snares 
and evils that I might otherwise have fallen into. 

Many other incidents I might relate of a similar nature. 
And there are thousands of our people that could testify to 
a great many marvelous deliverances, many of them more 
wonderful than tho.se I have given in this sketch. Therefore, 
I advise the youth of Zion to seek always for the guidance of 
the Holy Spirit, and for our Heavenly Father's kind and pro- 
tecting care to be extended over them. 



■^ * -^> ♦^Js^ 



Haktt. — Habit is a cable. We weave the thread of it every 
day, and at length wo cannot break it. The chains of habit, 
are generally too small to bo felt, until tbey are ton ^trong to 
be broken. To one who murmured because he rebuked him 
for a small matter, Plato replied ; "Custom is no small mat- 
ter. A castom or habit of life docs frequently alter the natural 
inclination for good or evil." After a series of year.'j, wind- 
ing up a watch at a certain liour, becomes so much of a 
routine as to be done in utter unconsciousness: meanwhile the 
mind and body are engageil in soiiiotliing different. 




One great cau.se of failure in life is giving other jieoiile 
credit for more than they know. 



ONLY BELIEVE!' 



BY G. R. 



"q: 



kXLY believe!" Why this "only?" Wherefore thus 
limit the command to believe? 

The weary traveler, tortured with thirst on the arid desert, 
when he reaches the longed-for spring of cooling water must 
drink of it as well as find it, or he perishes of thirst. So also 
the believer in the gospel of the Messiah must obey it as well 
as mentally accept it, or his soul will not be saved. 

The faith that is not shown by actions is worthless. Its very 
existence may be constantly doubted. It neither afiects its 
possessor nor lielps others. 

A true faith is shown by works of love, patience and obedi- 
ence, which do good to all. A pure faith begets a virtuous 
life. 

God created man that he might be happy. Adam fell that 
man might be, and man is that he might have jo}'. 

Virtue is the only source of true and lasting happiness; 
hence it is man's original and normal condition to be virtuous; 
and, as a member of the great family of humanity, it is his 
paramount duty to practice and encourage virtue. 

The love of God, and con.sequently of His creatures, is the 
foundation of real virtue. Virtue is to be tested by the word 
of God ; hence man should live b}' every word that proceedeth 
out of the moflth of God. This being acknowledged, it is 
evident that where God does not reveal His will, there virtue 
is not understood, at any rate in its most complete sense. 

Virtue, to be worthy of that name, must be an active prin- 
ciple. Inoperative virtue, like dormant faith, presents little 
claim for recognition. 

God reveals His word through His inspired servants. This 
word, when written, forms the scriptures. It is the truth. 
God's word is truth. All that is written by divine inspiration 
is truth. But it does not follow that an inspired servant of 
God knows everything. He knows what he has learned as 
other men learn, and that which God has revealed to him. 

It is possible that the entire Council of the Apostles could 
not unitedly send a telegraphic message over the wires as 
accurately or as rapidly as the youngest regular operator ; but 
that does not prove that they are not inspired. 

To possess a knowledge of all things implies infinitude and 
perfection. All men are finite, limited and imperfect. There- 
fore, we must not expect that the scriptures contain all truth. 

The Holy Ghost will lead men into all truth, but all the 
revelations of that Divine Spirit are not written. That is 
impossible, nor would it be proper if ])ossible to man. Some 
of the things of God are not intended for every eye and ear, 
but only for tho.se to whom they are immediately given. 

Faith is necessary for the jicrfcctiun of our characters. Is 
it not written, "The just shall live by fiiith?" If wo had a 
universal, i)erfect knowledge, faith would cease to exist, and 
the work of redemption would be frustrated or hindered. 
Hence we must exerise faith, and make manifest its strength 
by its saving efi'octs on our lives. 



■^» ■ .^^-. . »» ■ 



A SMOOTH sea never made a skillful mariner; neither do 
uninterrujited prosperity and success (|ualif>' for usefulness and 
happiness. The storm" of adversity, like the storms of the 
ocean, arouse the faculties and excite the invention, piudence, 
skill and fortitude of tiie voyager. 





iJTJ^EItTIIljEi IJSrSTI2.TJOTO:^, 




^Jt^ ||ureiul^ |[nstr«ctoti» 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1881, 



EI3ITOK/IJ^Xj THOTJCa-HTS. 




N Uong:Tefs we met, during the last session, 
one of the best illustrations of persever- 
ance and energy that we have found in 
our experience. And as it may be en- 
couraging to the javeniies, and especially 
to those who are entering into j-outh or 
early manhood, we desire to relate it. 

A gentleman who sat next to us during 
the last session was a member from Cali- 
fornia, to which State he had emigrated from 
the South after reaching manhood. After 
residing there some time, he found himself the 
possessor of a little farm, which he had re- 
claimed by persistent industry. 
He worked so hard upon it, endeavoring to get a 
start in life, that his health broke down, and he 
was attacked very seriously with bronchitis. The 
yj'\ doctors told him that if he did not stop work he 
could not live. 

lie knew that to thus refrain he could not remain there, as 
there was so much to be done, that, life or death, he would 
have to work. So he determined to rent his fiirm and move 
down to San Franci.sco. 

He wa.-! then twenty-nine years of age, and hail a wile and 
two children, and up to that time he had had no .schooling. 
He could not even read, much less write. As he could not 
work, he thought that ]ierhaps lie could make his living, as a 
doctor; and when he reached San Francisco he went to school 
with a view of gaining an education. 

His health improved; and though he was very short of 
means and experienced great diffionlty in sustaining liimself, 
yet, with the aid of his wife, who was an excellent helpmeet 
to him, he succeeded in keeping up liis studies. 

Of course his living was very meagre, and his family were 
greatly pinched ; but the love of learning grew upon him. and 
he persevered in his studies. 

After his health was restored he gave up the idea of becom- 
ing a doctor, but determined to acquire a good education. 
He was four years at schuol and college. Ho then returned to 
bis old home and re>umcd the cultivation of his farm. His 
neighbors, thinking that as he had been .so long at school he 
ought to know something, nominated him tor and elected him 
a.i supervisor of the County. 

He was a man of energy and probity, and gave such satis- 
faction (hat they nominated him, without any effort on liis 
part, for the legislature. 

He served in that body several terms, and was the speaker 
of the house. From there he wa.s sent to Congre.s.«, where he 
tervcd his district very creditably and faithfully. He is now a 
man of about 4.') years cf age. 

We think stich a life as this an excellent example for young 
men. He has prov<>d lint though a man may have his early 
education neglected, ho can, by his own perseverance and 
determined effort, acquire a good education and become an 



intelligent and useful citizen, and even fit himself to take 
part in public affairs. 

We have heard boys and young men complain of the want 
of education. But there is no reason why any one should 
complain of this in these days, for books and other facilities 
arc so abundant even in our remote Territory, that if young 
men or young women have a love of learning, and will take the 
proper course to obtain it, they can soon acquire a knowledge of 
all the branches necessary to make them intelligent and capable. 
There is no reason why young people who have good faculties, 
should remain ignorant of the branches taught in the schools, 
for if they would devote a portion of time each day to the 
study of any one branch they would soon master it; and by 
taking branch after branch, in a few years they would become 
1 very respectable scholars. 

It is by saving the fragments of time and not allowing them 
to go to waste, that many men have gained a good education, 
and that such results as we haye described in our friend have 
been accomplished. 

Young people having a purpose in view, and who keep it 
steadily before them, will be astonished how much they can 
accomplish by using the spare moments and hours that might 
otherwise be wasted in idle conversation or in frivolity. 

One hour a day saved for a year makes upwards of fifteen 
days ; and there are but few persons who cannot save more 
than this. If they were to save two hoars a day and devote 
them to study, it would be equal to one month in a year; and 
think bow much a person may learn during one month!' This 
course followed up for several years would result in the 
accumulation of a large amount of useful knowledge. 

We hope our juveniles will think of these things. 




A PROPHECY AND ITS FUL- 
FILLMENT. 



BY R. C. 



AT a time when the Saints were gathering from England 
and the United Stages for Zion. and going to Nauvoo, 

there was one Dr. 11 P. T , who lived there, and who 

wanted to get rich. 

lie would go down the Jlississippi River and meet the 
Saints, and there he would make bargains with them to buy 
his land, charging in son?o cases double price for it, and specu- 
late with them until he had accumulated considerable wealth. 
AVilh this money he undertook to build a large hotel and a 
numlier of other houses not far from the temple block, but 
many of those buildings had scarcely more than tlie walls up. 

One Sunday, while the prophet was preaching near the 
temple, the Spirit of the Lord came upon him. Never shall 
I forget the flashing eye and the fierceness of his countenance 
as he rehear.sed over the treachery and covetousness of this 
man, wlio had robbed the Saints. 

While thus speaking- of bis infaninus course, he raised his 
hand and also his voice, which was like the voice of thunder, 
and pointing to those hou.ses, said: "You .see those .skeletons 
of bouses he is erecting— those dry bones? I say unto you, in 
the name of Israel's God, theie shall no flesh come upon 
them. He shall not finish them !" 

The last time I was in that large building it was not finished, 
but was used as a butcher's .shop, for 1 got some meat there. 

Thai man subsc(iucntly joined the Highee's, and liccame an 
enemy to the Saints, and was partially instrumental in causing 
the death of the prophet, and the driving of the Saints from 
Nauvoo. 





crTJ"\rE]isriXjE] i2srsTi?.TJCTo:R.. 




LITTLE GRANDMOTHER. 



IN the last number of tlie Instructor we had a picture of 
a little girl playing mother to a doll which she held in her 
arms. Here is a mischievous young lady fixed up with cap, 
spectacles, knitting and footstool, in imitation of her grand- 
mother, and unless she is better educated in the art of knitting 
than most children of her years, she is likely to cause her 
ancestor consider- 
able trouble from 
"dropped stitch- 
es." I knew a 
little girl once 
who was very fond 
of dressing her- 
self in old people's 
clothes and then, 
as far as possible, 
mimicking their 
actions. As the 
girl in the picture 
has done, she 
once arrayed her- 
self in her gr.ind- 
ma's skirts and 
cap, and then, to 
more perfectly 
represent the old 
lady, she took a 
pinch of snuff 
from a little box 
which lay on the 
table. 

Her grand- 
mother was very 
old and had 
brought with her 
to this country a 
few of her bad 
habits, and snufF- 
taking was one of 
them. 

Well, the fool- 



er! 





ish child sneez 
and cried and be- 
came very sick ; 
she learned a 
lesson, though 
which she nevei- 
forgot. 

Children who 
read this will 
never, I hope, be 
so silly as to try 
to take snufi' be- 
cause they sec 

some one else do it. The cxiinplc, 
among the Latter-day Saints. 

But, notwithstanding the anmyanco to grown people from 
having their work interfered with by infiui>itive children, it 
is .sometimes quite ainu-ing. We may readily imagine! how 
delighted grandma will be ti li'nl her darling knitting away as 
demurely as though shi wero seventy year.4 old instead ol' 
three, 



I think, is seldom set 



Grandmothers dearly love children, and are usually very 
indulgent to them. Children will do almost anything if they 
can only have a look into that greatest of wonders, grand- 
mother's work-box. Then a promise from her that she will 
tell them a story, will be reward enough for a whole day of 
errands f ir her. It is right that there should be this feeling 
of love and respect towards our seniors in age. They have 
"borne the heat and burden of the day" and in their last 

years upon the 
earth it is proper 
that they should 
be the objects of 
love and care from 
those whose life- 
journey is yet in 
its joyous begin- 
ning. 

The little girl 
in the picture 
looks like one 
■who would be 
happy to do 
everything for 
her aged grand- 
mother, who, I 
think, will not be 
displeased with 
her for fixing up 
Fo strangely to 
have her picture 
taken. 

There is noth- 
ing so very wrong 
ic the spirit of 
playful mischief 
which prompts a 
little girl to thus 
imitate hergrand- 
mother. But 
there is some- 
thing wrong in 
file vanity which 
leads some young 
ladies to pattern 
after the absurd 
nnd sinful fash- 
ions that they see 
others indulge in. 
It is proper that 
they should dress 
tastefully and ap- 
pear and really 
be pleasant and 
attractive, but it 
is improper for 
them to spoil 
islignve their faces by the useof jiaints 
)ther cosmotic-i. If a girl will live in accordance with 
aws (if health, dress neatly, act modestly and be cheerful 
imialile, she will rc(|uire no paint to make her attractive. 

J.\(.JUCK. 



their cDiiiplexions am 

and 

the 

and 



■♦•- 



-«-•- 



A ci.i';.vii conscience is the best aimor you can wear. 




so 



crTJ"\rEiNriLii! uststi^tjoto-E^, 






\^ 



B 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 




( Continued from page G4. ) 

HA\'I>>G given you a brief sketch of the life of President 
Young's father, we will now relate to you a few incidents 
of his own life. We shall, of necessity, for the want of space, 
be compelled to omit many particulars. 

At an early age he labored with his fiither, and assisted him 
to clear off new land and cultivate his farm. Such a life was 
one of privation and toil. Many have thought that Utah was 
a hard country in which to settle ; but the difficulties of open- 
ing up Utah to cultivation and making a living here, have 
been few and light in comparison with those with which 
settlers had to contend in the da\'s of President Young's boy- 
hood. 

Puring the past fifty or sixty years, as we told you in a 
prerious number, comforts have multiplied, money is more 
jilentifnl and labor is worth more and is far better paid now 
than then. 

Even when he reached manhood he labored as few men 
work in these days, and the wages paid were very low. 

New countries are not well supplied with schools. The first 
care of the people is to secure a living, and this must be done 
even if school education be completly neglected. AVhcn 
jilenty abounds then schools receive attention. Time and 
leisure are likely to come with the possession of means, tlien 
children can be sent to school. 

President Young never went to school but eleven days in his 
boyhood. By this you may know that his opportunities for 
obtaining learning were not such as the children of Utah 
enjoy. But still he obtained a valuable education and train- 
ing, which was of infinite service to him in his position 
as leader of the people of God ; for, after all. it is only those 
who learn to exercise their mental and jihysieal facult'es who 
are truly educated. 

Many men who have never had school ijrivileges acquire 
this training ; while very many who have had every advantage 
at .•'ehool, never acquire it, but are helpless, dependent and 
UEeles.s. 

Pre.sident Young acquired industrious habits; he learned 
how to su.stain himself and to su.stain others, and though he 
toiled with his liands he did not suffer his mind to remain 
idle. He thought, and thought dcejily and correctly. His 
eyes were open to jierceive everything valuable; he ])rofited by 
it, and stored it away for future use. 

This habit of clcse observation was most valuable to 
him ; for, pos.scssing a singularly retentive and tenacioiis 
nieniorj-, he was able to draw from the accumulated stores 
which the constant obscrs'ation of his entire life had collected, 
knowledge and experience which witc e.\ceedirii.'ly beneficial 
to hiiii-'clf and tlie people placed umler his watchcare. 

One important le.s.son he learned in early life: it was one 
that circunistances so inipre.s.sed upon him that he never 
forgot, though he aftcrwanls accniircd what may be 
reeardcd as great wealth, and tliat was to be economical and 
careful in his per.-ional liabits and expenses — a very imi>ortant 
quality in any ruler, if he wishes to retain his popularity with 
the people; but especially valuable among the Latter-day 
Saints, whose circumstances have been such as to ilemand the 
wisest and most prudent management to keep them from 
suffering. 

The influence of his personal example in this respect, 
coupled with the judicious and comprehensive counsel which 



he so constantly gave was worth an immense amount to 
the people over whom he presided. They have beeu saved 
from miich suffering, and been enriched to an extent which 
but few can fully appreciate. 

In the school in which he received his training he had to be 
careful of that which he had or go without. He used to say that 
the only hat his father ever bought him was made by an uncle 
of Brother A. Merrill, the late hatter, of Salt Lake City. Not 
many parents could afford to buy store hats for a large family of 
boys in that newly settled country. Their mothers had to 
make them caps, and you may be sure they had to take care 
of them, or they would have to go bare-headed ; so with shoes 
and every other article of dress. 

Though his parents were devoted to the ^Methodist religion, 
and their precepts of morality were sustained by their good 
examples, and he was taught by them to live a .strictly moral 
life, yet he was reluctant to connect himself with any of the 
sects. There were defects in their systems, a lack of knowl- 
edge and jiower of which he was painfully conscious. 

Preachers labored with him to get him to become a member 
of their churches in early life, but it was not until his twenty- 
second year that he became inclined to be religious according 
to the popular idea. He then attached himself to the 
Methodist church. 

But he had sufficient light to understand that the ministers 
of the day knew but little about God and the gospel. If he 
asked them questions u]ion points that he wished to satisfy 
himself about, he found them ignorant, and if pressed for an 
answer, they would take refuge under the remark that "great 
was the mystery of godliness." 

This did not satisfy the yearnings of his nature. He wanted 
to know (Jod, whom to know is life eternal, and he could not 
be contented with the ignorance which prevailed among 
religious teachers respecting Him. 

(To he Continued.) 



LETTER TO THE OIRLS. 



Salt L.ike Cm', 

March 26, 1881. 
Pe.\r Little Girls: 

Everyone of you should be taught how neces- 
sary it is to be modest and unassuming, to respect those 
who are older than you are, and always show by your demsanor 
that you regard them as your superiors. Never set up 
your opinion in opposition to theirs; not even though j'ou 
might think you know best. 

The want of reverence in the young people of the present 
age is very great. It is decidedly wrong to encourages children 
in any ill-behavior or impertinence, even when tlioy are quite 
small, for they are shrewd anil quick to detect from one's look, 
or tone, and to take liberty from one's manner, and especially 
if they are laughed at and not reproved. 

Sometimes little girls are really troublesome. Perhaps 
when mamma is speaking to a friend they will rush up and 
interrupt the talking, by teasing for some trivial thing. The 
thread of the convcr.-ation is broken and mamma feels uncoiu- 
fortable and sorry her little girl is .so forward. Then the lady 
with whom she was talking very likely thinks, "what a disagree- 
able child that is," when in reality the child is not .so bad, but 
has fallen into a had habit. 

Little girls should wait for a good chance, when mamma is 
not so busy, to ask for favors, and, indeed, older persons, 





J"TJ^li]3^II-.E ID^STI^TJOTOI^.. 



81 





grown up young ladies, and even women often do not choose 
the best time and v'ace to ask questions, or make com- 
ments. 

Well-behaved children, amiable in manner, are just about 
the nicest, dearest things in the world, unless it is babies ; 
and whoever heard of a little girl who didn't just abound in 
love for a baby. 

Indeed, most small girls are so fond of babies, that to pacify 
them, one is constrained to tell them that some day or other 
if they are very good, when they are grown, they shall have 
a baby of their own. 

It is quite right that girls should love babies; it is the 
mother's instinct which all girls possess in a greater or less 
degree. Generally dolls are the pets upon which much care 
and attention are bestowed by those "little women." But it 
is not of dolls we will talk now, but perhaps we may some 
other time. 

Girls, never forget to be polite to old people. It is very 
ill-mannered to sit in the best chair, or to take the first or 
best place anywhere when there are older people present. 
Reverence for age is always beautiful. 

I am sure you like stories. I have never seen a little girl 
who did not, and I am going to tell you a true one. 

I once saw a little girl walk into a room and seat herself in 
the only easy rocking- ehair the apartment contained. Eler 
own mother and aunt came in afterwards, and I fully expected 
the child would be sent from the room for her ill-behavior. 
But no ; she was not even reproved for it, though there were 
one or two old ladies in the room sitting on hard, uncomfort- 
able chairs, while this young Miss of ten years occupied the 
only easy chair. 

It was not noticed by the mother apparently, but I saw that 
she thought her child a beauty, and that the little girl was 
vain and spoiled with indulgence. 

I have no excuse to oifer for that mother, but this was a key 
to that girl's character. 

Shall I tell you what kind of a woman she grew up to be? 
Yes, I will, for it may be a warning to some of you, and show 
you how wrong it is to be disrespectful and want the best and 
most of everything. 

I have watched that girl from that time until now. She 
grew up vain and selfish, almost unbearably so. By-and-by, 
she thought she knew more than either father or mother, and 
married against the exjiressed wishes of those who had 
indulged her all her life. 

But this is not all. She was haughty and proud and dis- 
respectful towards the principles she had been taught in her 
childhood. She despi.sed those who had been her best friends, 
and treated them with contempt unless they were stylish and 
well dressed. 

She lives solely for pleasure and is intensely selfish. What 
sort of a mother will .'^he be, and what respect will her chil- 
dren have for one who has no regard for her own parents? 

Is not this a sad picture? But, indeed, it is a real one; 
and if you want to be good and happy, be respectful and 
gentle to those around you, esjiocially those whose years 
entitle them to consideration. 

There is nothing mere beautiful tlian to see a little girl wait 
upon papa and mamma, or her gratidparents, tenderly and lov- 
ingly ; not snarl or look sour when she is asked to do anything, 
but, with a smile, comply readily. 

T know there are .some little girls who, when they are asked, 
will say, "0, let Mary do it, or why can't Willie. You always 
ask me to do everything." 



How very disagreeable it makes them ajjpear. If mamma 
asks you, never bring up any excuse, but do what you are bid- 
den, cheerfully and without grumbling. 

Little girls, there are so many things I want to talk to you 
about that I can scarcely close this letter. I would like to 
have you all together in a large hall to talk to you, and see 
your bright eyes and beautiful fresh faces, and hear the music 
of your sweet, young voices. 

Happy childhood I How well I remember mine ; so full of 
joy and delight! Its sweetness has gladdened my whole life. 
Childish memories! How dear they are still ! 

I have never forgotten how pleasant it was to be caressed, 
and praised for doing things well. 

I believe in loving children tenderly, but not in allowing 
them to become disrespectful and disobedient. 

Obedience is one of the first le.ssons they should learn, and 
learn it well. 

"Honor thy father and thy mother" is the first command- 
ment given with a promise. 

Aunt Em. 



ORiaiN OF THE INDIANS. 



IT is believed, I might say known, by the Latter-day Saints, 
that the Indians are of the house of Israel. 

This idea is ridiculed by a great many who are not of our 
faith, but not by all, for quite a number of the Spanish and 
Mexican historians have been of that opinion. 

I desire to call the attention of the young readers of the 
Instructor to this very important subject, and to set forth a 
few of the many evidences which caused the historians to 
arrive at that conclusion, and leave the reader to form his own 
opinion. 

It is generally conceded that no other historian has made 
greater exertions or exhibited more interest in developing the 
antiquities of America than has Lord Kingsborough. He has 
written by far the most complete work on that subject of 
which we have anj' knowledge, and has seemingly had eveij' 
possible opportunity to make himself familiar with the 
writings of nearly all the historians upon the subject, besides 
having access to the comparativelj' few Indian histories which 
have survived the fanaticism of the Spani.sh priests. 

After all his labors and researches he was convinced that the 
Indians are Israelites, as will appear in his arguments in sup- 
])ort of his convictions. He saj's: 

"The extreme pertinacity which the Indians, both of Pern 
and ^Icxico, displayed in adhering to their old religion, fre- 
quently laying down their lives in its defense, and affirming, 
when reasoned with n|inn the subject, that if Christianity was 
good for the Castilians, their own religion was no less so for 
them, is a convincing proof that the signs and wonders which 
the Mexicans believe that Iluitzilopuehtli had wrought in 
th^ir favor (to which the hand and outstretched arm so often 
occurring in Jlexican jiaintings probably alludes), and the 
oracles of I'achacania, revered in Peru, maintained the great- 
est ascendency over their minds; and in this obstinacy, and 
blindly persisting in a i)crsuasion which the Christians told 
them was false, it must be confessed that the Indians closely 
resembled the Jews. 

"The second reason for believing that .Tndaisni was the 
religion of the Indians is, that they used circumcision. The 
third, that they expected a .Messiah. The fourth, that many 
wurds incorporated in their language and connected with the 





8S 



J"TJ^7"E!TNri3LE in^ST^E^TJGTOZ^. 




celebration of their j'eligious rites, were obviously either of 
Hebrew or (Ireek derivation. The fifth, that Las Casas, the 
bishop of Chiapa, who had the best means of verifvins the 
fact, was of that opinion. The sixth, that the Jews them- 
.selves, including .some of their most eminent rabbis, such as 
^lenasseh. Ben Israel and 3Ionteeinio, wlio tliough not a 
rabbi, was a Jew who had visited America, maintained it both 
by ver])al statement and in writing. The i-eventh is the 
dilemma in which the most learned Sjianish authors, such as 
Acosta and Tonineniada have jilaeed liieir readers by leaving 
them no other alternative than to cuuie to the decision 
whether the Jews had colonized America and established their 
rites among the Indians, or whether the devil had counter- 
feited in the New World the rites and ceremonies which ( Jod 
gave to Ilis chosen peojile. The eighth is the resemblance 
which many of the Indian rites and ceremonies bore to those 
of the Jews. The ninth is tl;e similitude which existed 
between many of the Indian and many of the Hebrew moral 
laws. The tenth is the knowledge which the Mexican and 
Peruvian traditions implied that the Indians jiossessed of the 
history contained in the Pentateuch. The eleventh is the 
Mexican tradition of the Teoamoxtli, or the divine book of the 
Tnltecas The twelfth is the Mexican history of their famous 
migration from Aztlan. The thirteenth is the traces of 
Jewish sui)erstitifpns. history, traditions, laws, manners and 
customs which are fiiund in the ^^lexican jiaintings. The four- 
teenth is the freciuent sacrifices amongst the Indians, and the 
religious consecration of the b'ood and the fat of the victims. 
The fifteenth is the style of architecture of their temjilcs. 
The sixtcentii is the fringes which the Mexicans wore fastened 
to their garinents. The seventeenth is a similarity in tiie 
uiaTuiers aril customs of Indian tribes far removed i'rom the 
central monarchies of Mexico and Peru ibnt still within the 
])ale of religious jiro-selyteism) to those of the Jews, which 
writeis wlm were not Sjjaniards liave noticed, such as Sir 
^Villiam I'enn. wlio recognized a probably fanciful likeness 
between the features of Indian and Jewish children. He 
says: "When you look \i]nin them you would think yourself 
in tlie Jews' qnarter in Jjondon. Their eyes arc little and 
black like the Jews. Moreover they reckcjn by nicKins : they 
offer the first fruits; and have a kind of least of tabernacles. 
It is said their altar stands on twelve .stones. Their monrning 
lasts a year. The customs of their women are like tho.-e of 
the Jews. Jja.stly they were to go i?ito a country which was 
neither jilanled nor known, and He wlio imixised this eon- 
ilition ujMiii theiii, was well able to level their iia.-i.sage thither; 
for we may go from the eastern e.\tipniitics of Asia to the 
western extremities of America.' " [/\'iiii/slii>i-fii:/li'it An/ii/ni- 

llix i,f Anl'linl, V„l. C. I'lljrx II.',, 11 CI. 

I'loiii the abcive "piDtation we see there is good reaxm fur 
.believing tin; Indians to be Jews or Israelites, and I trust that 
even these few evidences may be of service in increasing an 
interest in tlie minds of the young, in the Honk of Mormon, 
wliich is tlie sacred hi>t'>i-v of that Jieojile. 

S. 




(Jlass Hl.owiNd — Glass blowing is a trade that it takes a 
long lime to learn. I'.-ually a man works as lidig as ten years 
before he becomes thoroughly and ndiably skilled. It is also 
laborious, but it pays very well. A pood blower averages 
i?lL'.j per month, a cutter ?=IIO, and a gatherer ii-''>. The 
work is all done by i he piece, and both cutter and gatherer 
arc dependent on the blower for the amount of work which 
they do. 



OLD BOTT1.es and ELE- 
PHANTS. 



BOTTLES are now generally made of glass, china or earthen- 
ware ; but it was not always so. There was a time whan 
people did not know what glass was. The secret of its man- 
ufacture had not been discovered. 

But in those days, as now, something had to be used to 
carry water, wine, milk and other liquids: and if men did not 
know how to make glass they had to use something else. That 
something, in very early times, was the prepared skins of 
animals, in other words, leather; also vessels made of clay. 

The manufacture of earthenware from clay is generally one 
of the first industries undertaken by races rising out of bar- 
barism. 

The skins of animals are still used in many places for bottles. 
Among our southern neighijars, the Mexicans, pig skins are 
very extensively used. 

Nor is this the case on this continent alone. Leathern 
bottles have been used ever since the flood, in the nations of 
the far east. 

Jesus, when upon the earth, .spoke of this kind, when He 
said, ''No man putteth new wine into old bottles." 

Why not'? For fear the new wine would rend the old bot- 
tles, run out and be lost. Now, if the bottles had been glass 

or china it would not matter in 
the least how old the bottles 
were, if they w( re not cracked or 
broken, the new wine would not 
huit tlieni. but it was not so with 
the half worn-out leather ones. 
Then, wi _.. 1 man had new wine 
which I vr;inted to keep, he put 
it in a new b it lie and the wine 
and thr lull lie grew old together. 
Some vrry slrangely-^haped 
old bottli's hive been dug u|i on 
this contiiii nt ; some like animals, 
some like grotesque human faces, and smne that are not found 
in the shape of anything known, but -iin|dy the products of 
the fanciful imaginations of th'! ati • ■■nr inhabitants of this 
country. Some of these earthenware m- pi lery curiosities of 
the ancients are in the shape of eleplri.it-. which shows that 
the men who made them knew what ei.qiliui s were, and were 
used to seeing them. 

This is a proof of the truth of the ^taciiiciif in the Book 
of Mormon that cle|ihants were once pK"iiliil m this country. 
'J here arc none here now except iinpniicci ones, and their 
iKiliies, but in the days of the Jaredite« they were numerous. 
For a lung lime the over-wise jiKijile wlio ridiculed the Book 
of Miirmon, but never read it, said it was all nonsense about 
elephants being natives of Auieiica But the finding of 
vessels of pottery in their image, made by the ancients, vindi- 
c;ites the truth of the Book of Mormon and proves how little 
worldly-wise men know of some things. 

Uiit lhi> is not all. Jjots of elephants' bones have been dug 
up in \arious rcgion^ of this vast land, by men digging foun- 
dations, or cutting through earth for railroads; so all doubt on 
this point is dispelled and (jjd's word is sustained. 

(lod's word always will bo sustained, for His word is truth. 

G. 




0, wii.\T a tangled web we weave when first we ju-actice to 
deceive 1 




•jj-j 



\y~ 



"k 



J-TJ^EX-TXl-iE] IITSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



S3 <^ 



SONG OF TRIUMPH. 



Words and M"sic by E. Stephens. 



uSi 



:± 



3e 



^^^^i=fe 



gJT-g 



I*=t 



;z:3sz 



zi: 



gzzgE^3i 






-^15 — <j,_ 



I«ZZpI 



1 Hark! hark to the swell of that rapturous sons, As - eendin^ to heav - en from yon mighty throng, 

2 Give thanks to Je - ho-vah,our strength and our shield, The foes of His kingdom will soon have to yield; 




z^rlt 



- «^- 



H: 



=1^: 



<5'-g5l- 



--^^^^ 



*-s*— S^ 



=J=:^: 



ii3=^ 



1 Hark ! hark to the swell of that raj^turons song, As - cending to heav - en from yon mighty throng, With 

2 Give thanks to Je - ho - vah,ourstrength and our shield, The foes of His kingdom will soon have to yield; While 



:± 



:^5=fe 



-^^-^- 



s? 



J 1 



-«20^Z 



1 



I^ 



-"ij 



:^r^i 



^: 



-f^ 



Z3tl 



ziz 



1 Hark! hark to the swell of that rapturous song. As - cending to heav - en from j'on mighiy throng, With 

2 Give thanks to Je - ho- vah,ourstrength and our shield, The foes of His kingdom will soon have to yield; While 




tr 



Ho 
Ho 






:=t: 












san - na, 
san - na. 



ho 
ho 



san - na, 
san - na, 



ho 
ho 



i^zzi: 



«-» — e 

^ I I- 



san - na, 
san - na. 



ho 
ho 



T- 



^f^=k 



iCr 



:*iiai 



1; 






:^-_^^Si 



san - na, With 
san - na, While 



shouts of ho - san - na, the children of Zi - on Ex - tol their de - liv - 'rer from bondage and woe, With 
Zi - on, with shouts of ho - san - na, will praise Him. And la - borwith dil - i - gence morning and night. While 



---CTZ- 



zr 



± 



i^fe= 



■^ 



fea^ 






:t= 



-®— 1»- 






:si 



"^^ '^-.^Z^ZfSZ] 



1^ 



-issr- 



-t=; 



55-^; 



-tB^<a — i-w^ m — ^— 1- 



-t=t: 



-t=^ 



1 



t: 



i^M^ 



shouts of ho - san - na, the children of Zi - on Ex - tol their de - liv- 'rer from bondage and woe, With 
Zi - on, with shouts of ho - san - na, will praise Him. And la - bor with dil - i - gence morning and night, While 



-\^ 



W- 



ZJ 



:t?r--^ 



-• — « — ^ 



:*£:»i 






=*=k= 



shouts of ho - san - na, the chil - dren of Zi - on Ex - tol their de - liv'rer from bond - age and woe; The 
Zi - on,with shouts of ho - san - na, will praise Him, And la - bor with dil - i-gence morning and night. To 



^- 









^- 



i 



IBtZtfl 



Ho 
Ho 



san - na, 
san - na, 



ho 
ho 



san - na, 
san - ua. 



^.-^=r==.^-Y=--^^Y^ 



ho - sanna, 
ho - sanna, 



ho - sanna, The 
ho - sanna, We'll 



^zz:^z:zs, 



i=^iiissl 



\tj 



shouts of ho - san - na, the chil - dren of Zi - on Ex - tol their de - liv'rer from bond - ago and woe; The 
Zi - on,with shouts of ho - san - na, will praise Him, And la - bor with dil - i-gcnce morning and niidit, To 




84r 



J"U'V"EIsriLE IlNrSTZ2.TJOTOIo. 



E 



tJ 



mountains and hillst.ow'ring high to the heavens, Re-ech-o the songs from the 
build up the kingdom and spread the glad tidings;That God will soon reign on the 



val - ley 
earth in 



be 
His 



low. 
might. 



-=?- 



:f*=fc 



-•»^-*- 



-6*— *- 



-^g. 



mountains and hills. tow'riug high to the heavens, Re-ech-o the songs from the 
buildup the kingdom and spread the glad tidingsiThat God will soon reign on the 



val - ley 
ecirth in 



be 
His 



low. 

nii;;ht. 




^-- 



z^=^-: 





icimz 



mountains and hills, tow'ring high to the heavens, Re-ech-o the songs from the 
build up the kingdom and spread the glad tidings: That God will soon reign on the 



:t--E?= 



va! - ley 
earili in 

.,±'0 Pz 



Le 
His 



low. 
might. 



-l-iS- 



i^- 



-^ 



ENIGMA 



BY jras. F. A. PASCOE. 



My first is in bought, but not in sold; 
3Iy second is in tin, but not in gold; 
My third is in light, but not in dark; 
3Iy fourth is in vessel, but not in barque; 
My fifth is in pen, but not in ink; 
My >ixth is in rise, but not in sink; 
3Iy seventh is in sand, but not in clay; 
My eighth is in night, but not in day; 
My ninth is in take, but not in hold; 
My tenth is in j'oung, but not in old; 
My whole is a great blessing to many. 



SLATE-PENCILS. 



The answer to the Scriptural Enigma published in No. 5, 
is as follows : 

P oti-pherah Genesis, xli., 45. 

E beil-melech .... Jeremiah, xxxviii., 7-9. 

T abitha Acts, is., 40. 

Esther Esther, ii., 17. 

R euben Genesis, xxxvii., 21-22. 

.^I anas>eh II. Chronicles, xxxiiL, H. 

A bijah II. Chronicles, xiii., 21. 

Uzziah n. Chronicles, xxvi., 1. 

G ideon Judges, vii., 5-6. 

H ezckiah Isaiah, xxxviii., 5. 

A bimclcch Judges, ix., .">3 54. 

N ain Luke, vii., 1 1. 

A typograi'hical error occurred in the first line of the 
Enigma. It .-^liould read, "What was the name of thc/nthir- 
in-linc of Joseph?" instead of "What was the name of the 
mother-in-law of Joseph?" 

We have received correct colutions from Samuel George 
Spencer, Amelia Spencer, I'lea.«ant Green: S. M'ells, E. Newbj', 
Jose|)hCity; ^lary T. Schwartz, ].ieonora Taylor, Salt Lake City. 
^« ••^•"«-»" 

Tin Til is always consi>tcnt wiili it.sulf, and needs nothing 
to help it out; it is always near at hand, sits iipon our lips, 
and is ready to droj) out before we are aware; a lie is trouble- 
some, and .'•els a man's invention upon the rack, and one trick 
needs a great many more tc) make it good. It is like building? 
upon a false foundation, whicli continually stands in need of 
props to shore it up, and proves at least more chargeable than 
to have raistd a substantial building at first upon a true and 

lid foundation. 



IN making slate-pencils, broken slate is put into a mortar 
run by steam, and pounded into small particles. Then it 
goes into a mill and runs into a "bolting-machine," such as is 
used in flouring mills, where it is "bolted," the fine, almost 
impalpable, flour that results being taken to a mixing-tub, 
where a small quanity of steatite flour, similar manufactured, 
is added together with other materials, the whole being made 
into a stiif dough. 

This dough is well kneaded by passing it several time 
between iron rollers. Thence it is conveyed to a table where 
it is made into "charges," or short cylinders, four or five inches 
thick, and containing eight or twelve pounds each. Four of 
these are placed in a strong iron chamber, or "retort," with a 
changeable nozzle so as to regulate the size of the pencil, and 
subjected to tremendous hydraulic pressure, under which 
the composition is pushed through the nozzle in the shape of 
a long cord, and passes over a sloping table slit at right angles 
with the cords to give passage to a knife which cuts them 
into lengths. They are then laid on boards to dry, and after 
a few hours are removed to sheets of corrugated zinc, the 
corrugation serving to prevent the pencils from warping dur- 
ing the process of baking, to which they are next subjected in 
a kiln, into which super-heated steam is introduced in pipes, 
the temperature being regulated according to the requirements 
of the article exposed to its influence. 

From the kiln the articles go to the finishing and packing 
room, where the ends are thrust for a second under rapidly- 
revolving emery wheels, and withdrawn neatly and smoothly 
pointed. They are then packed in pasteboard boxes, each 
containing one hundred pencils, and these boxes are in turn 
packed for shipment iu wooden boxes, containing one hundred, 
or ten thousand pencils in a shiping-box. Nearly all the 
work is done by boys, and the cost therefore is light. 

anT"v-:E3srxXiE xitsti?.tjctok< 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE PIR.ST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GRORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Sirif/h Copy, per Annum, - - - $2.00. 
-OIBce, .South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocks We.-t 
of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




