
VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MAY 22, 18G9. 



NO. 11. 



T H: ^ GEID.A.K.S OIF Xj E B J^ nsr O IsT . 




BIIT little idea can be formed of the resources or cultivation 
of Lebanon by simply looking up from the plains that bor. 
der the "great sea." As the whole range from base almost to 
summit is cultivated in terraces, so that nothing meets the sight, 
when looking upward, but rude, rock walls, and lofty clifts. 
But if the traveler will ascend to some high point, and look 
downwards, the scene is entirely changed; stair-like terraces of 
bright, green corn and clustering vines, intermixed with fig 
trees, olives, mulberries and other beautiful vegetation take the 
place of barren rocks and rugged walls; and even where the 
rocky nature of the land renders it impossible to till it, the oak 
and the pine are to be found, whilst high up on the side of the 
oftiest peak, far apart from other trees, still stands the little 
grove of stately cedars, 
the last remnant of the 
far famed forest, from 
whence Solomon obtained 
the cedar wood used to 
build the House of the 
Lord in Jerusalem. We 
here present our little 
readers with a view of 
this celebrated grove of 
trees as they appeared a 
few years ago. 

The Cedars of Lebanon 
have always been classed 
amongst the grandest am! 
most beautiful production 
of the vegetable king- 
dom, and were olten 
made use of by the an- 
cient servants of the 
Lord as natural images to 
convey ideas of strength, 

power, grandeur and glory. The Psalmist David declares 
"The righteous shall flourish like the palm tree; lie shall grow 
like a cedar in Lebanon;" but wlien comparing it witli the 
utterances of the Almighty he cries out "The voice of the 
Lord is powerful; the voice of the Lord is full of majesty. The 
voice of the Lord breaketh the cedars; yea, the Lord breaketh 
the cedars of Lebanon." 

About four hundred trees are all that now remain of the once 
extensive forests of cedars that years ago clothed this range. 
They stand in a secluded recess, encircled by a region of per- 
petual snow, where "they cover the sides and summits of a pret- 
ty knoll. Some of the trees arc in the vigor of their growth, 




others arc gnarled and venerable. In form they are perfect 
images of grace and majesty. They are tall and straight, with 
fan like branches, contracting like a cone toward the tcp. The 
outside bark is coarse and heavy; the leaves are small, narrow, 
rough, exceedingly green, of a sombre hue, and arranged in 
tufts along the branches; the cones resemble those of the pine. 
On the summit of the knoll are several aged trees 40 feet in 
girth, and on the northern side is one the very image of strength 
and grandeur. In the centre of the group is the patriarch of 
the grove; measuring 48 feet in circumference; the trunk is 
gnailed, the stronger branches have lallen off, and its once 
magestic form bends toward the earth under the weight of 
many years. ' ' 

'^'e are now beyond 
the limits of the land 
possessed by ancient Is- 
rael. We have, in our 
talks with our young 
friends, drawn their at- 
tention to many objects 
of interest, found within 
its borders. We have 
vi.-^ited the spots where 
our Savior and his disci- 
ples wandered, the city 
whsre the temple of the 
Lord was built, the stag- 
nant putrid sea that 
covers the cities of the 
plain, the river where the 
Son of God was baptized 
and many other places 
hallowed in our minds by 
the past labors of the 
servants of God. Some 
of our youthful readers may fancy from these jottings that 
Palestine is a large country, but it is not so. It is about the 
size oi' Scotland; nothing like so large as the Territory in which 
the Latter-day Saints dwell. In other words it is about 180 
miles from north to south, that is from "Dan to Beersheba," 
and on an average, about fifty miles from cast to west, contain- 
ing an area of 14,000 stjuarc miles. But it is not its size or 
situation, its climate or its natural resources that gives it so 
much interest in the eyes of the Saints, but it is because it was 
the land that God Himself consecrated by visiting His servant 
Abraham, the inheritance of His covenant peojile Israel, the 
spot that angels often visited, and where the temple of God 



3^ 






ly^M 



Cr TJ "V' E 3iTI L El I IST S TI^TJa T O i^, 



was built, where also the liedeemer of the world was born, min- 
istered and was crucified. 

These events in the redemption and salvation of the world 
give it an absorbing interest in the minds of all who are toiling 
for the accomplishment of the purposes of The Most High, 
especially when we remember that this land has been again 
dedicated by the command of the Lord for the gathering of 
Israel to their former abiding place, and that the day is not far 
off when the children of Judah will rally to their ancient hills 
and valleys, and rebuild the waste places of Zion. When no 
longer a people scattered and peeled, they will re-assemble at 
their old sacred places and dedicate their wealth, their power 
and their influence to making the Land of Promise their ever- 
lasting inheritance. G. R. 



§,upHh^ 



CrOSEI^H SIMIITH, 



THIE 




OU would naturallly think that when peo- 
ple receive a testimony from the Lord 
that His Church is established upon -the 
earth, and that He has placed a prophet to 
lead and guide it, they would listen to his 
teachings and obey his counsels. But ex- 
perience has taught differently. Man- 
kind are slow to leam, and they cling to 
their old ideas and notions with great tenac- 
ity. The people are backward enough now 
in obeying counsel, but they were far more so 
in the days of Joseph, for they had not had the 
experience and training then which they now 
have. The labor of Joseph in this direction 
was a very arduous one, and he had many ob- 
stacles to contend with. 

In a sermon which he delivered on January 20th, 
]S44, at the south-east corner of the Temple in 
Nauvoo, speaking upon this subject he said: 

"I have tried for a number of years to get the minds of the 
Saints prepared to receive the things of God; but we frequently 
see some of them, after suffering all they have for the work of 
God, will fly to pieces like glass as soon as anything comes 
that is contrary to their traditions: they cannot stand the lire 
at all. How many will be able to abide a celestial law, and go 
through and receive their exaltation, I am unable to say, as 
many are called, bat few are chosen." 

He was taught of the Lord many principles which the world 
did not understand, and it was his duty to teach them to the 
people. But in doing this he had to contend with cDnstant op- 
position, not only from enemies outside of the Church, but 
from many who were its members and professed to be his 
friends. Such persons lacked faith, and were afraid to trust 
Joseph, though they professed to know that ho was a prophet 
of God. Their traditions had more weight with them than his 
counsels and instructions. In reading his biography you will 
notice that the principal opposition he had to meet was from 
those who were members of the Church. They would rise 
against him, join his enemies who were not members of the 
Church, and soon a mob would be raised, or a vexatious law- 
suit be commenced, and he be involved in trout.le. At the 
time of which we write this was the case with William and I 



WUson Law, Dr. Foster, Francis M. and Chauncy Higbee and 
many other men. They were nominal members of the Church; 
but they were apostates at heart, were connected with mobo- 
crats and were giving them aid and encouragement in their at- 
tempts to destroy Joseph. It may surprise you -that they to 
whom the Lord had revealed that Joseph was His servant and 
a prophet, could ever be so wicked as to do these things. Bilt 
you should understand that when men obtain knowledge from 
God, and they afterwards turn to sin, they become more wicked 
than if they had never known the truth. Jesus said when he 
was on the earth, "If the light that is in you become darkness, 
how great is that darkness." This is the case with apostates: 
the light that was in them has fled, and the darkness has taken 
the place thereof, and they become wicked and devilish, and in 
many instances they do all in their power to destroy the work 
of God and to kill His servants. Such men are always the 
most bitter enemies the Saints have to meet. 

On the 29th of January, 1844, a meeting was held to take 
into consideration the proper course for the Latter-day Saints 
to pursue at the ensuing election for President of the United 
States. There were two condidates for the office before the 
people at the time — Martin Van Buren and Henry Clay — 
neither of whom had shown himself worthy of their vote. To 
use Joseph's own language: 

"It is morally impossible for this people, injustice to them- 
selves, to vote for the re-election of President Van Buren — a 
man who criminally neglected his duties as chief magistrate 
in the cold and uublushiug manner which he did, when ap- 
pO'iIed to for aid in the Missouri difiiculties. His heartless 
reply burns like a firebrand in the breast of every true friend 
of liberty' — 'Your cause is just, but I can do nothing for you J! 

"As to Mr. Clay, his seutimeuts and cool contempt of the 
people's rights are manifested in his reply— "Ybjt had better go 
to Oregon for redress," which would prohibit any true lover 
of our constitutional privileges from supporting him at the 
ballot-box." 

It was, therefore, moved by Willard Richards, 

"That we will have an independent electoral ticket, and that 
Joseph Smith be a candidate lor the next Presidency; and that 
wo use all honorable means in our power to secure his 
election." 

tTo be Continued.) 



THiE QTJ2<riNr iisrG - t-e3:k.tjsi3:. 

THERE is much more intelligence in birds than people sup- 
pose. An instance occurr^id the other day at a slate quar- 
ry belonging to a friend, from whom we have the story. A 
thrush had built her nest on the ridge of a quarrj', in the very 
centre of which they were constantly blasting the rock. At 
first she appeared to be much troubled by the fragments flying 
in all directions, but did not go far from her nest. She soon 
observed that a. bell was rung when a blast was about to be 
fired, and that, at the notice, the workmen retired to a safe 
place. In a few days, when she heard the bell ring, she quitted 
her nest and flew down to where the workmen sheltered them- 
selves, dropping near their feet. She would remain there until 
the explosion had taken place and then return to her nest. The 
workmen noticed this and infoimed their employers of it, and 
it was told to visitors who came to view the quarry. The visit- 
ors naturally wished to view this curious act; but, as the rock 
could not always be blasted when visitors came, the bell was 
rung instead, and for a few times answered very well. The 
thiush flew down close to where they stood, but she soon per- 
ceived that she was trifled with; and afterward, when the bell 
was rung, she would peep over the ledge to sec if the work- 
men ran away, and if they did not, she would remain where 
she was, but when they ran she was very sure to go too. — 
Children's IIovx. 




G" TJ 'V' E 1^ I Xj S insrSTI^TJOTOie; 




83 



^. 



THE STOIE^'Y" OIF" 

Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

[CONTINUED.] 



AT lengtb, toward the latter end of August, a fleet was seen 
coming up the bay, but, to Cornwallis's infinite disappoint- 
ment and chagrin, the ships proved to be French instead of 
English. It was a squadron commanded by Count de Grasse, 
and came from the West Indies. General La Fayette sent a 
man out in a boat from Cape Henry, to this fleet, when it first 
appeared, to inform the admiral of the situation of afiairs. 
"We have got Cornwallis hemmed in by land," said he, "and 
if you can send up some thips to the mouth of York River, 
and so shut him up by sea, we can take his whole army pris- 
oners." 

This Count de Grasse resolyed to do. He sent up four ships 
of the line and several frigates. 

In the mean time, when Washington, at his camp on the 
Hudson, found that CHnton had received a large re-enforce- 
ment in New York, so that he could not hope to reconquer that 
city, he determined to leave that region and march south into 
Virginia, and assist, if possible, in capturing Cornwallis. He 
accordingly moved in detachments out of his camp, and com- 
menced his march. Clinton might have come out of New 
York and followed him; and perhaps he might have entirely 
prevented his proceeding, but he did not imagine that Wash- 
ington could be really intending to go to Virginia. He supposed 
that his sending off so many men from his camp was only a 
stratagem to conceal some design he might be forming against 
New York, so he remained in the city, waiting for the expected 
attack. 

From the River Hudson to Virginia is a long distance, and it 
required some time to accomplish the march. An army loaded 
as the soldiers are with their arms and knapsacks, and with so 
much baggage in their train, moves slowly. It was a fortnight 
before Washington arrived. He immediately went on board the 
flag-ship of Count de Grasse, in the bay, and the two com- 
manders settled together their plan of operations. 

The armies of the Americans and the French united, now 
amounted to twelve thousand men, while that of Cornwallis 
consisted ot only seven thousand. Cornwallis, of course, could 
not meet his enemies in the field. His only hope was that he 
might be able to defend himself in Yorktown, and hold out 
there until General Clinton could send him relief from New 
York. There was, however, not much hope of this, for the 
French fleet, which had been increased by a new arrival since 
de Grasse came, was now very strong, and they had full pos- 
session of the harbor and the bay. Had it not been for this 
fleet, Cornwallis might, perhaps, have made his escape by water; 
but with their armies on land, and their fleet on the sea, the 
Americans and the French had shut him in on all sides, and 
they watched him continually with the closest vigilance. 

The Americans all this time knew everything that passed in 
the British camp. They obtained their information through a 
spy who was employed by General La Fayette to go into York- 
town. He was an American soldier from New Jersey, named 
Morgan. He went into Yorktown, pretending to be a deserter, 
and there enlisted in Cornwallis's army. From time to 
time he communicated to La Fayette and to the Americans all 
that it was necessary for them to know in respect to the condition 
of the British army, and to what took place in their camp. If 
he had been detected ho would have been hung. 

As soon as Washington arrived, the American and French 
armies regularly invested the place, and commenced the opera- 
tions of the siege. In the night, strong parties would be formed 



to draw as near as possible to the British lines, and throw ap 
intrenchments there, and place heavy guns behind them, with 
which to cannonade the works the next day. Sometimes these 
batteries were established in one quarter and sometimes in 
another; and all day, and sometimes all night long, bombs and 
red-hot balls were seen marking their fiery track through the 
air, and descending with dreadful effect upon the ill-fated town. 
As the seige proceeded, these works advanced nearer and nearer, 
until, at length, Cornwallis saw that he must either form some 
desperate plan for making his escape from the place, or else he 
must surrender. 

He decided to attempt to escape. His plan was to leave all 
his guns, and ammunition, and baggage, as well as all the sick 
and wounded men, in the camp; and then, with the active and 
able bodied troops, to make his way in boats, in the night, 
across the river to the north side. He would surprise some 
small portion of the American army that were stationed there, 
and seize their horses. By means of these, and such other 
horses as he could capture on the road, he hoped to force his 
way through the country to New York. This was, it is true, 
a very desperate undertaking; btit then, even if only half his 
army should succeed in getting there, whOe the other half were 
killed or taken prisoners on the way, that would be better than 
to remain in Yorktown and lose all. 

Unfortunately for Cornwallis, this scheme was entirely de- 
feated at the very commencement of the attempt to put it into 
execution. The night fixed for the embarkation was the 16th 
of October. The boats were got ready, and all the arrange- 
ments were made, every thing having been done so secretly that 
the Americans did not suspect the design. At ten o'clock one 
detachment of the troops was sent across the river. But then 
there suddenly came on a very violent tempest of wind and 
rain, which made it impossible to proceed with the undertak- 
ing. Cornwallis succeeded in the course of the night in bring- 
ing back the few that had been sent over, but that was all that 
he could do. 

All hope of escape was now necessarily abandoned, and 
Cornwallis saw there was no alternative left but to surrender. 
He spent the following day in an agony of suspense and anx- 
iety. His works were ruined. The enemy was getting every 
hour nearer and nearer. Shot and shells were descending upon 
the wretched town in an incessant storm, and there was nowhere 
any shelter from them or place of refuge. Accordingly, Corn- 
wallis sent out an officer with a flag of truce to ask the Ameri- 
cans to cease firing, and promising to surrender. 

Orders were accordingly given that the firing should cease, 
and a conference was held to agree upon the terms of capitula- 
tion. The terms were settled that day, and on the following 
day the British army were to march out of Yorktown, and lay 
down their arms, 

( To be Continued) 



A CUBIT. — Some of our little friends were unable to un- 
derstand the size of the bedstead of Og, King of Bashan, 
spoken of in the article entitled "the giant cities of Bashan," 
which appeared in No. 9 of the present volume of the Juven- 
ile Instructou. It is there stated with regard to this bed- 
stead that "nine cubits was the length thereof, and four cubits 
the breadth thereof, after the cubit of a man." Now, a cubit 
is very nearly twenty-two inches, or a liltle over a foot and 
three quarters, so this wonderful bedstead must have been 
more than sixteen feet long, and seven feet wide. Goliath, the 
Philistine champion, who was slain by David, is said to have 
been six cubits and a span in height, or about eleven feet; so 
we must suppose he was quite a small man when compared 
with Og, who required a bedstead five feet longer. 



U 



ifi 





a- Tj -V E int I L Ei iisrsTK/TJOTOie. 




GEOKGDB Q. CA-NPfON, : EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MAY 22, 1869. 



TV^EHSTTY YIE.A.'RS J^OrO 



A TRIP TO CALIFORNIA. 



CHAPTER XI. 



«"5^^ 



HAVING given you a little idea in my last chapter of tlie 
result of Captain Smith's attempt to die with his face 
"westward, also the misfortunes which befell those who persisted 
in trying to push through on that route, I now return to our 
party. It was with a great sense of relief that we changed our 
course in leaving Division Spring on the morning of November 
16th, 1849. We had been traveling directly West as nearly as 
■we could; but that morning we started in a south- easterly direction- 
As if to encourage us, we all felt buoyant and cheerful, so 
much so that we spoke of our feelings one to another. Smith's 
men were not the most pleasant company in the world for us. 
They were of the usual type of gold diggers, and their man- 
ners were not improved by the privations to which they had 
been subjected. They had not been careful with their provis- 
ions, and though our supply was small, I think we must have 
had more than they; for some of them said they were nearly 
out. If they could not get food any other waj', however, it 
had been said, so I was told, they would use their rifles to 
obtain it. In other words, they would kill somebody rather 
than go short. There v/ould have been no necessity for them 
to have tried to kill us for any such purpose, for if they had 
behaved themselves, we should have shared with them as long 
as our provisions would have lasted. Had any of them tried 
force they would have found us a most difficult party to man- 
age; we were united and resolute, familiar with the use of aims 
and numbered about as many as they. By our separation we 
were saved from all difficulty with them. 

We had no further trouble about obtaining water on the 
route we had chosen. In the afternoon we passed through a 
narrow kanyon which ran through a mountain, the sides of 
which towered up very steep to the height of several hundred 
feet. We camped about a quarter of a mile from the mouth 
of the kanyon. The next day we continued our journey down 
the bed of the creek, and came to another kanyon, about three 
miles long, with sides of solid rock, which rose abruptly for 
several hundred feet. We found it good traveling down the 
kanyon. Upon emerging from it we came to splendid grass 
and £ome warm springs of water. These springs soon formed 
a creek of considerable size for that country. The traveling 
was bad in consequence of the mire. We camped on the creek 
that night in good feed. 

Brother Peter Fife, who, as I informed you, had traveled on 
the Spanish Trail from California to Salt Lake valley, was still 
with us. We had many questions to ask him about the coun- 
try, and were particularly anxious to know whether he saw 
any points which looked iamiliar to him. He knew of no creek 
so large as this, excepting the Jluddy, and it had every appear- 
ance of that stream. His conjecture proved to be correct; for 
we had not traveled more than about five miles down the creek 
in the morning before we espied some cattle grazing on the 
other .side, and directly afterwards saw .some men. These men 
informed us that Captain Hunt was here with seven wagons, 



all the rest having parted company with him, and followed our 
trail. Our meeting with the Captain and his fellow-travelers, 
Elders Addison Pratt, James S. Brown and Hiram Blackwell 
was a joyful one. We found, them camped near where the 
Spanish Trail crossed the Muddy. 

It was with a feeling of great relief that we reached the 
Spanish Trail. We were tired of traveling on a "cutoff," 
and to say that a certain road was a "cut-off' to any one of the 
company during the remainder of that journey was sufficient to 
prejudice him against it.SSTo this day I have a dishketo "cut- 
offs." I prefer traveling on roads that I know something 
about. We had been traveling for eighteen days in a country 
of which we knew nothing. Our animals were failing every 
day, and our provisions were rapidly disappearing. While in 
this condition we could not divest ourselves of a feeling of anx- 
iety about the result. The fact is I, for one, did not feel at 
ease respecting our position and mode of traveling at no time 
after we took the cut-off until Brother Rich avowed his deter- 
mination to lead; and I felt still better after we left Division 
Spring with the intention of going to the Spanish Trail. 

We remained one day in camp on the Muddy. Captain 
Hunt and the other brethren spared us some provisions, with 
which we hoped to be able to reach the settlements in Califor- 
nia. Between the Muddy and the Los Vegas, there is a stretch 
of fifty miles, which is generally called desert. When about 
half-way across we found feed, and some standing water among 
a patch of bushes, a mile and a half distant from the feed. 
This water had gathered in puddles from the last rain. It 
proved acceptable, as we camped there that night, and occupied 
two days in traveling the fifty miles. 

I shall not attempt to write the details of each day's journey 
from this point to California. Jllany of our horses failed, and 
their owners had to perform the remainder of the distance on 
foot. By walking, and permiting my only animal to run loose, 
I had hoped to save her; but she failed and could not travel 
with us. Brother Francis M. Pomeroy had concluded to stop 
and travel through with Captain Hunt and the ox-teams, and 
kindly profFerred to take charge of her, and drive her through 
with his animals. When we parted with Brother Pomeroy I 
did not expect to ever see her again. But he succeeded in 
bringing her through, and she afterwards did me considerable 
service. 

When we struck the Mojave River we found some men with 
their wives and children encamped in wagons there. They 
were moving to California, and for four or five weeks previous 
to our meeting them, they had been living upon beef only. 
Though we had but little flour ourselves, we let them have 
nearly all we had for the women and children. The next day 
several of the brethren started ahead with the hope of killing 
deer, which we had been told were to be found on this stream; 
but they were unsuccessful. It rained heavily all day. The 
next morning the rain changed to snow. 
(To he Continued.) 



POWER OF KINDNESS.— A poor woman used to give 
an elephant, who often passed her stall in the market, a hand- 
ful of greens, of which he Was very fond. One day he was in 
a great fury, and broke away from liis keeper, and came raging 
down the market-place. Every one fled, and in her haste the 
market-woman forgot her little child. But the furious elephant, 
instead of trampling it to death, picked it up tenderly and laid 
it on one side in a place of safety. Do you think she was sorry 
she gave him his handful of greens as he went by? No. We 
never loose by a kind action, no matter to whom it is done. 




m 



Cr TJ -V^ E 3^ I L E in^STi^/TJGTOie.. 



85 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

FOOXjISH jthioxjohits. 

V[7HY,who have we here? One of our little friends standing by 
I a gate that leads into a pleasant field; I do not think I 
shall tell you his namej that does not matter. I will tell you, 
however, he is a good boy and tries to do right but just now he 
is deep in thought. Though he is a good boy, his ideas are 
not always very \*ise, and he is fond of thinking about faiiies 
and demons, kings and queens, lords and dukes, and while his 
mind is running on these wonderful or grand people, he forgets 
all about what he ought to be doing. Nowj Edwin, — we will 
call him Edwin, for the time beings-has been taught to read by 
his good mother, and is very fond of all kinds of books, but in 
the settlement in which he hves there are not very many vol- 
umes, and he will read all he can get hold of. It does not mat- 
ter to him whether it is a good or a foolish book) if he can 
obtain it, he must read it. It is all the same if it is a history 
or a novel, the Bible or a fairy tale, he is so eager for know- 
ledge. Now, it happens that Edwin has procured some books 
that are not good to read, and he has become very much inter- 
ested in the prinoes and sultans, and fairy godmothers that he 
has found described in their pages. Just now as he stands by 
the gate, he is thinking if he was a king what he would do, 
what beautiful horses he would ride, what delicious fruit he 
would eat, what grand palaces he would build, what army 
he would lead to battle, what thousands of his enemies he would 
kill, and how he would return to his subjects grander and more 
powerful than ever. And be fancies he would have no poor in 
his kingdom, every body should be rich and have all they want- 
ed, none should be obliged to work who did not wish to, nobody 




CHILPI 



should be sent to prison, for all should be good who lived in the 
nation where he was king. So the minutes pass by, and he 
quite forgets who he is, and what he ought to be doing, until 
his eye falls upon his rough, home spun dress afld his coarse- 
clothes, and he tecoUects he is not a king, nor aprinCe, nor a gen- 
eral. Then he feels discontented. He forgets his kind parents 
and his pleasant httle home, he does not think of his loving 
brothers and sisters, nor his merry companions. No; none of 
these enter his mind, and ho frets and feels bad because he is 
not a great hero like some of those he has read of in the novels. 
Is he not a foolish boy to fancy such silly things? indeed is it 
not very wrong for a boy to be so ungrateful to God for the 
many good things he possesses? But this boy is not alone; we 
know quite a number of 'boys and girls who are very much like 
him, for instead of trying to be useful, and doing what good 
they can, they are always imagining what great and good deeds 
they would perform it they were only somebody else. Indeed 
they bring to our minds a silly question that was very often re- 
peated by young folks at one time, it ran thus; 



Supposing I was you, 
Supposing you were me. 
Supposing we were somebody else 
I wonder who we should be? 

Well, we might all WOnder, and what nonsence it would 1)6) 
what good would it do us? 

But Edwin would never have had these notions in his head 
if he had not been reading trashy books, if he had only read 
the works of the Church, the Juvenile Instructor, history, 
geography and other good works, his mind would not have run 
in these channels, but he has got hold of the Arabian Nights, 
the Novelette,a,nd some rdrnatiees, and they have given this tone 
to his reflections. Can any of our little readers tell us what 
good such books as these do if we read them? Are they true? 
No! though some of them pretend to be. Do they teach ua 
how to be better? do more good? be more useful in the kingdoM 
of God? Not One of them. Then do they do us good? No; 
they do not, but they injure us, as they have done our friend 
Edwin, by making him discontented, by filling his mind with 
foolish ideas which Inake him neglect his duties and cause him 
to think the work he has to do is tiresome and annoying. Then 
we had better leave such works alone, and choose only those 
that will make us better, wiser and happier. 

But has Edwin really anything to be discontented about, be- 
cause he is not a prince or an emperor? No, indeed, he has 
not, Were he wise, he v.'ould sing with all his heart in praise 
of the Lord. 

"I praise llis name that he has given 

Ale parentage and birth 
Among the most beloved of heaven 

That dwell upon the earth." 

He woiild feel thankful that his home was with the Saints 
of God, that he has had the privilege of living in the midst of 
the servants of the Lord, that he can listen to their teachings 
and learn the way to Heaven. He would not Want to be a gen- 
eral, an admiral, nor even a king, for he would know that ho 
Can hs thoi'e than any king can be, who does not belong to the 
kngdom ot God. Edwin is an heir to the priesthood of God, 
and that is more than the proudest prince can say; for when 
that prince dies he is no more than other men, but Edwin, if 
he is faithful to God when he grows to be a man, will, when he 
passeSj away, still have the priesthood, and will be honored 
and exalted in the world to come, while the prince he has 
envied will not be known. Children of the Latter-day Saints^ 
never repine, never envy others; yours is the happiest condition 
on this fearth, it is for kings and princes to seek to become like 
you, not you to be as they are. G. K. 



Whei? the Angel of Kindness enters a heart where it can 
take up its abode, it looks through the ej'es of the man, and 
speaks with his voice, and moves with his motions, and guides 
his hands and feet, and stretches out his arras to clasp the 
whole world in charity's warm embrace; and this, every day of 
his life and every hour of his day. 



INFLUENCE.— A man in a WoUse OTice said, "I have no 
more influence than a farthing rushlight." "Well," was the 
reply, "a farthing rushlight can do a great deal: it can set a 
haystack on fire, it can burn down a house; yea, more, it will 
enable a poor creature to read a chapter in God's book. Go 
your way, friend: let your farthing rushlight si shino before 
men that others seeing your good works way glorify your 
Father which is in heaven. ' ' 



Always got up when you first awake in tho morning, 
hour of that time is worth two at night. 



Oil 



il^' 





J- TJ ^ E isr I L E in^STI^tJOTOI^ 



For the Juvenile Inatmctor, 



•6 f^ 



o x: "Z" a- E 3sr 



WE live at the bottom of an ocean of air which is called the 
atmosphere, because it surrounds the sphere as a vapor; 
to reach the surface of this ocean it is calculated we should 
have to ascend 45 miles. This immense body of air is com- 
jios^d of two gases, differing greatly in their properties, Oxy- 
gen and Nitrogen. It is of the first named gas we shall now 
speak. In its pure state it is colerless, tastless and without 
smell; it is permanently elastic, that is, if compressed, it returns 
back to its original volume; by no means with which man is at 
present acquainted can it be reduced into a fluid or solid state. 
It is one of the simple elaments and the most important of 
them all. 

From the moment we begin to breathe, this element enables 
us to continue to live, hence, it is called a supporter of life; all 
animals are dependent ujion it for existence, even those which 
dwell in water, imbibing it tlirough the gills, which are anal- 
agous to the lungs of higher animals. This clement can be 
breathed foralongltime in a state of purity, but it then produces 
great excitement in the system; the form in which it is received 
into the lungs from the air is doubtless best adapted to preserve 
life. In this state it is diluted, by admixture with nitrogen, an 
exceedingly inert substance, as it exists iu the air, of which it 
forms four-fifths by measure. 

Another very important use of this element is to support 
combustion, or burning, which is only another name for rapid 
oxidation. When inflammable bodies are burnedj in the open 
air, there is a dii^play of heat and light, an effect produced by 
the intense action consequent on the chemical union of two ele- 
ments with each other, which no longer continue to be the 
game simple substances, as they are dissolved together, forming 
a compound body. In this kind of burning the oxygen is .sep- 
arated from tlie nitrogen and united to the inflammable substance 
If the burning substance is suddenly plunged into a vessel con- 
taining pure oxygen, the dissolution is much more rapid, and 
the light and heat proportionably increased. Suppose, for in- 
stance, that a suUihur match is lighted, it burns with a pale, 
lambent flame in the air, but immcr.sed in oxj-gen it becomes 
very brilliant, and burns with a beautiful purple color. A piece 
of charcoal fixed to a wire and made red hot, may be immersed, 
when it will burn with great splendor. Phosphorus (only a 
very small piece must be used in this experiment) if kindled 
and p!unged into this gas burns with a most intense light, which 
is painful to look at on account of its brilliancy. Whenever 
bodies are burned, the heat is due to the vivid chemical acti'. n 
and tlie light to the elevated temperature; and, although we 
may not see the products of the combu^tion as thi y pass ofl'in 
vapor or gas, frciiuently leaving only a very small portion of 
incombu-tibie matter called ashes, they may be detained fur 
examination, by burning sub.stances in jjroperly constructed 
vessels. 

In all chemical experiments great accuracy is necessary if 
we would determine exact quantities. Hence we cannot oi)erate 
without proper a|)paratus, where great exactness is required. 
But many very instructive observations may be made by the 
use of a few small jars and bottles; which are accessible to all 
who really desire to experimentalize. The mode of u.>-ing these 
hiniple aids to acquire knowledge will be described as wo 
proceed. 



When substances are burned together, a different substance 
to either is the result of the combustion. Phosphorus and 
oxygen produce phosphoric acid; sulphur and oxygen, sulphu- 
ric acid; carbon and oxygen, carbonic acid. The proportion in 
which oxygen is united to another element determines the 
nature of the resultant substance, which may be either gaseous, 
fluid or sohd. Thus oxygen and hydrogen, combined together 
by burning or oxidation, produce water which is entirely differ- 
ent to either of the invisible gases which combine to produce 
it; oxygen and nitrogen when combined produce in one pro- 
portion the highly corrosive substance nitric acid, entirely dif- 
ferent to the gases which form it, and which, in fact, compose 
the air we breathe. It is the quaUty of imparting aci i qualities 
to substances, which caused the chemists to name this element 
oxj-gen, which means "acid generator;" there are other elements 
now known which produce those qualities. It is also called "an 
incombustible element," which may perhaps be an improper 
name for a jet of oxygen gas passed into an inflammable gas, and 
ignited, bums just as well and in the same way as the inflam- 
mable gas does in oxygen with the same appearances and results. 
The proportions in which oxygen combines, and the nomen- 
dature or system of names, for those combinations we shall nex 
explain. Beth. 

{To be Conthuied.) 



OTJK. SOTJ THIE I^ISr TI?.IF. 

PRESIDENT YOUNa, accompanied by President D. H. 
Wells of his own quorum, and Elders Wilford Woodruff, 
George Q. Cannon and B. Young, Jr., of the Twelve Apostles, 
and Presidents Joseph Young, sen., and H. S. Eldredge, of 
the Seventies, and other Elders, returned to this city, on the 
nth instant, from a visit to Southern Utah. In many places 
disappointment was felt by the children and teachers because 
the weather was so stormy that they could not make any dis. 
play, though they had arranged to do so. The marching of 
Sunday and day school children, with banners and music or 
singing, is now becoming one of the regular features in the 
display which is usually made in a settlement when President 
Young and his brethren visit it On their preaching missions. 
We like to see it, as it is a source of enjoyment to the children, 
and they will be Ukely to remember and think pleasantly of 
such events as long as they live. 

The children in the southern part of the Territory are well- 
provided with friends, who spend a portion of each Sunday in 
teaching them, and we hud much pleasure in visiting their 
sehools and talking to them. An immen.se amount of good 
is being done there, as well as all through the Territory, by 
means of Sunday schools. Children are taught many precious 
truths which they oui;ht to understand, and if they should go 
to school every Sunday until they grow up, they will obtain 
much knowledge. How thankful the juveniles of this Territory 
should be lor the many blessings they ciijoj'. They have schools 
and meetings to go to, where they can be taught iu the ways of 
the Lord, and be prepared for usefulness, and there is no one 
to molest them or to i)revent them from going. There are no 
mobs to burn huu.scs, to destroy grain, to steal or kill cattle, to 
kill the servants of God, or to drag them ofi" to prison on false 
accusations, but peace prevails everywhere in our land. Tlie 
children of the Saints did not have such peace when they lived 
in Mis.>;ouri or Illinois. Wc think of this when we travel 
through the Territory and sec the happy, smiling faces of the 
children. They do not know what want is; they never suffered 
oppression, were never driven from their humcs and jileasant 
places, and have always been surrounded by kind friends. Do 
you tiiiiik of these tilings, childicn, and thank the I-ord for 
His kindness to you? 



bS^- 



'i 



^^ 




vJT7"V"EISriLEi IlSrSTI^TJCTOI^. 



87 



At no place which we visited did the appearance of the chil- 
dren strike us more favorably than at Virgen city. It is a 
small place; but it gives promise of soon being much larger, 
for the chOdren are numerous. Led by brother Jepson, the 
superintendent of the Sunday school, they came on to the hil! 
outside of the town to meet the President and the company, 
and while the latter halted they sung a song composed for the 
occasion. There is scarcely any neccessity to say more about 
the display made at St. George than that it was very fine. 
Everything of that kind is always done in excellent style there. 



»e!^^ac 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



NEXT to reading, writing is the most necessary accomplish- 
ment. Some of our most pleasant feelings are enjoyed 
by receiving letters from friends. By writing we communicate 
with persons at a distance, ask questions, and inform the per- 
son to whom we are writing the current news of the day, or 
any business we wish. 

Every Latter-day Saint should know how to write. Some 
of the parents of children in Utah cannot write their names 
plainly, and some cannot do it at all. They were brought up 
where the opportunities to learn were not as good as they are 
among us, or they could not see the utility of writing when 
they were young, or, through carelessness, they neglected the 
opportunities presented to them. Now children, if you wish 
to be fitted for business in life, you must learn to write, or this 
ignorance will be a bar to your usefulness. 

What pleasure we have in receiving letters from relations; 
from fathers and brothers on missions, informing us of their 
labors and prospects, of letters from the Elders abroad inform- 
ing us of the increase iu members of the Church, and of the 
growing prosperity of the work of God. Next to seeing ab- 
sent friends, the greatest joy is to receive a letter, telling us of 
their happiness and prosperity. 

All the books that are published have to be written before 
they are printed, then how much are we indebted to willing 
for the knowledge we enjoy. 

Good ideas, to be fully enjoyed, should be written down, that 
they may be perused in after life. Writing enters into much 
of the business of life, whether farmer, mechanic, merchant or 
laborer, all should know how to write, that they may keep their 
own accounts, do their own business, or know when it is done 
correctly. The aspirations of the Latter-day Saints are great, 
believing in a great future of usefulness, expecting to see Zion 
grow, and rule the world by right. Every child should desire 
to be useful, and let no opportunity pass of fitting themselves 
for life. Writing is of paramount importance to all, and all 
who have hands and eyes, and are old enough, should learn to 
write. W.ir. 






0' 



NE ol the greatest kings France ever had was Charlemagne, 
the son of Pepin. Ciiarleiaagiic means Cliaiies the 
Great, mar/nus being the Latin for 'groat.' Ilis actions were 
worthy of his n-ime, and in person he was so tall and .strong 
that none could compare with him. Not one of lii.s valiant 
soldiers, and he had many, could match him in battle, and far 
and wide wa.s his fame spread. Nations trembled at the sound 
of his approach, and kings from tlie most distant parts sent 
messengers to beg for his friendship. Tiiese mcssciigera brought 



with them costly gifts and precious jewels. Perhaps you will 
like to hear what one of these presents was. It was a curious 
clock, and came from the Caliph, or Great King, of the far-off 
land of Persia. Each time it struck the hour, twelve little men 
walked out of twelve little boxes, and after taking a short 
round, walked in again. Charlemagne and his lords, who had 
never seen such a thing before, were very nmch amused. 

But though so many courted his friendship, his love of con- 
quest prevented his ever being a peaceful monarch, and there 
were many battles fought during his reign. You shall now hear 
of a sad misfortune which befel his favorite nephew during 
one oi^ these wars. Charlemagne was returning from a success- 
ful war in the neighboring country of Spain, when his nephew 
Roland, and the rear-guard of the army, were suddenlv sur- 
prised by the Saracens- The Saracens were the ruling power 
in Spain at that time. This people, rising by hundreds from 
the sides of the mountains, through the defiles of which Ro- 
land and his small troop were passing, came pouring down upon 
them. Then fierce and long was the struggle between this 
brave little band and their numerous enemies. One by one 
Roland's valiant comrades were cut down, but his courage grew 
greater as his despair increased. 

A noble knight, fighting by his side, begged him'to blow ono 
blast on the wonderful horn which hung from his belt. This 
horn had been given him by Charlemagne, with the injunction 
to use it in his hour of need. Tne knight hoped that Charles 
would hear it now and come to the rescue, but Roland would 
not take his advice. He falsely thought it would be cowardly 
to call for help, and turned a deaf ear to all his comrade's en- 
treaties. 

At length, these two were alone left standing of all that 
gallant troop; then only would Roland consent to blow one loud 
blast on his horn. But it was too late. Though the sound 
was so terrific that the Saracens ran affrighted away, as they 
ran they rolled huge stones and rocks down the mountain-side, 
and Roland fell crushed to the earth. His companion had 
already sunk under his wounds. So that, although Charle- 
magne with the rest of his army si)eedily arrived at the place, 
they found no living soul, only thedead warriors lying stretched 
on the bloodstained plain. Sorely did Charlemagne mourn the 
loss of his beloved nephew, and many were the songs and stories 
written in his honor. Even to this day, the traveler passing 
through the valley of Roncesvalles, is shown the vast cleft in 
the rock which, fables relate, he hewed out with his sword; and 
on the very top of the mountain, you may see the mark of a 
horse's hoof, made, so these same stories say, by Roland's 
horse, as he sprang with his master at one bouud, from France 
into Spain. 

Not long after this the great monarch himself died. His 
last days were spent in acts of charity and the study of the 
Bible. He was buried in a chapel which be had built himself. 
There, in one of the vaults, or underground eliambers, his body 
was laid, dressed in bis grand robes, his head was crowned with 
a golden crown, at his side his long sword, and at his feet the 
Gospels, from which he had been wont to read. The tomb 
itself was lined with iiieees of gold, and the gates of solid brass 
were carefully sealed and fastened. 

There he lay; yet no more glorious in all ijunip tlian was his 
neijhow Ri>l:'nd, sleeping his last sleep on the spot he had made 
famous, in his lifetime, by his valor.— J'o»;i.7 Cniaulir. 



I'EasEVEUE. — Never give up a thing until ynu have tried it 
in every possible way. 

The aim of an honest man's life is not the liappincss whieli 
serves only him.self, but the virtue which is useful to otiicrs. 



^¥^im 




J" TJ "V" E 3Sr I L E ID^STI^TJCTOI?.. 



tilrcl$& ^\^t%v^. 



The clock is ou the stroke of six, 

The father's work is done; 
Sweep up the hearth and mend the fire, 

And put the kettle on: 
The wild night-wind is blowing cold, 
'Tis dreary crossing o'er the wold. 

He's crossing o'er the wold apace, 

He's stronger than the storm; 
He does not feel the cold, not he, 

His heart it is so warm: 
For father's heart is stout and true 
As ever human bosom knew. 

He makes all toil, all hardship light; 

Would all men were the same! 
So ready to be pleased, so kind. 

So very slow to blame! 
Folks need not be unkiud, austere; 
For love hath readier will than fear. 

Nay, do not close the shutters, child; 

For far along the lane 
The little window looks, and he 

Can see It shining plain. 
I've heard him[say he loves to mark 
The cheerful firelight through the dark. 

And we'll do all that father likes; 

His wishes are so few; 
Would they were more, that every hour 

Some wish of his I knew! 
I'm sure it makes a happy day 
When I can please him any way, 

I know he's coming by this sign, 

That baby's almost wild; 
See how he laughs, and crows, and stares — 

Heaven bless the merry child! 
He's father's self in face and limb, 
And father's heart is strong in him. 

Hark! hark! I hear his footsteps now; 

He's through the garden.gate. 
Eun, little Bess, and ope the door. 

And do not let him wait. 
Shout, baby, shout! and clap thy hands, 
For father on the threshold stands. 



% 



with whom they have to do. They destroy the harmony and 
sanctity of home by the confusion their things are always in, 
and the hurry and bustle of looking and hunting for lost 
articles which never had a rightful place. Now is the time, 
my little friends, to form these invaluable habits of system and 
order; and though some of you may find it a little difficult at 
first, you will, by jiaticnce and perseverance, soon learn how 
easy and ho(v beautiful and how blessed it is to have "a place 
for everything, and everything in its place." — Children's 
Hour. 



iciisriDisrESS. 



A rose was faint, and hung its head, 

One sultry summer's day, 
When a zephjT kindly fanned its cheek, 

Then sped upon its way. 

That zephyr now, where'er it roams, 

Delicious perfume brings; 
So kindness gathers, as it goes, 

A fragrance on its wings. 



A SPIRIT of kindness is beautiful in the aged, lovely in the 
young, and indisponsible to the comfort and happiness of a 
family. 



Fo7- the Juvenile Instructor. 

oh: ^A- E. J^ 13 E . 



I am a word of 5 letters. 
My 5, 3, 4, 2, we do not like. 
My 3, 4, 1, we all like to do. 
My 5, 3, 4, we should not like. 
My 1 , 4, 2; 5, we all should like. 
My 4, 2, 1, we should try to like. 
My 5, 4, 2, 1, 4, 2, nobody likes. 
And my whole is hked by everybody. 



MAY all the little folks learn to understand the beauty and 
harmony of order. Ilaye a place for all that belongs to 
you, and be sure that everything is in its place — your playthings, 
your clothing, your little books and papers, and everything 
with wh'ch you have to do. I'eniomber, when you come in 
from meeting, school, or play, to have a special place to put 
the hat, cloak, shawl, mittens, muff, scarf, rubbers, socks and 
booii', and then you will know exactly where to find them, 
which will not only save your time, but j'our strength and your 
temper, and do more toward making you amiable and happy 
tlian you can imagine. 

Disorderly children or grown people are a great discomfort j 
wherievcr they arc; not ouly to themselves, but to eyerj-body ! 



The answer to the Charade in number 8 is THE DESERET 
ALPHABET, and to that in number 9 is HOLY LAND. 
We have received numerous answers, but our little friends 
must excuse us not publishing their names, as we are short of 
room. 



3e<^^s« 



Better is little with the fear of the Lord, than great trea- 

are, and trouble therewith. 



CTTJVElsriljE IIsTSTI^TJaTOI?. 

Is published ia Siilt Lnko City, Utah Territory 
liVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER 



Single Copy, per Annum §3 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

*3- It U pxpeetcd where nsjents forward nnmeR fhey will be rcsponeible 
for the piipers thun ordered; und when ('nsh payments are made, they will 
I)leaBe forward them with tlic letter eontaiuinj; the names of the subseribers. 

0®- Klder Wni. II. Sheurmau, Log.in, will act as General Ag-eut for 
Cache valley. , .,, , 

»- Grain brmitrht to this City for the .Tcvknilf. Instructor will be 
received at the oflfoe of our paper— DEBKKhT Kkws Builuings. 





