
VOL 4. 



SALT LAKK C TY, SATURDAY, JA^UARY 16, 18()9. 



WO. 2. 



vJOSei^h: insrTEi^i=i^.E!Tiisro- th::e] icinsro-'S id:r-^j^i^. 




ONE of the daughters of Lalsan was named Kachel. She 
was herding her father's sheep when Jacob came there. 
He saw a well, near which were some fl">cks of sbeep; and, 
inquiring of some men, he found that he was near his uncle 
Laban's, and Rachel was pointed out to him as his daughter. 
He introduced himself to her as her cousin, the son of her 
father's sister. She ran and told her father of Jacob's arrival, 
and he came and met him and welcomed him to his house. 
Jacob stay- 
ed With La- 
ban about 
a month, at 
the end of 
which La- 
bap talked 
with him 
about wa- 
ges, telling 
him he did 
not want 
h i lu to 
work for 
nothing. 
Jacob loved 
his cousin 
E a c h e 1 , 
who was a 
very beau- 
tiful girl, 
and he told 
his uncle he 
would work 
seven years 
for him if 
he would 
give her to 
him to be 
his wife. 
Laban a- 
greed to 
this; but, 

when the seven years were ended, Laban deceived Jacob. He 
gave him his daughter Leah, who was older than Rachel, and 
who had weak eyes and was not so desirable a woman as Rachel. 
Laban's excuse for doing this was that it was against the 
custom of the country for the younger to marry before the first- 
born. He afterwards gave him Rachel to be his wife, and he 
worked seven years longer for her. For a number of years 



Rachel had no children; but, before they left Laban to return to 
the land of Canaan, she had a son who was called Joseph. 
This son was a great favorite witb his father. He was an 
excellent child, and had the gift of dreaming. Because his 
father loved him so dearly his brethren hated him. They were 
jealous of him. When he told them his dreams, their dislike 
towards him increased. They laid a plan to kill him; but, 
finally, they sold him to a company of Ishmaelites who were 

goingdown 
into Egypt, 
and told 
his father 
a story that 
would lead 
him to be- 
lieve that a 
wild beast 
had killed 
Joseph. 
We pub- 
lished an 
engraving 
of Joseph 
being sold 
by his 
brethren, 
also the 
history of 
thetransao 
tion, in No. 
4, of the 
Second 
A'^olume of 
the Juve- 
nile In- 
structor. 
The Ish- 
maelites 
solJJoicph 
to an Egyp- 
tian by the 

name of Potiphar, who was a captain of the guard. Poliphar 
was so well pleased with him that ho made him overseer of his 
house and all that he had. 

Joseph was a handsome man, and his master's wife fell in 
love with him, and made wicked projiosals to him; but he was 
virtuous and honorable; he loured the Lord, aTid would not, 
knowingly, do wrong. When she saw tUat he would not com- 




'^9 




J- TJ "7" E ISr I L E in^STI^TJCTOI^, 




ply with her wi!<hes, she told lies about him to her husband. 
He believed her story and was angry with Joseph, and threw 
him into prison. 

This part of Joseph's history conveys a great lesson. If he 
had yielded to this wicked woman's desires he would have had 
her good feelings, and would, probably, have retained his hon- 
orable position. But Joseph was a servant of God. He knew 
that it would be base and dishonoiable for him to do what she 
wished, and he would lose the favor of God. It was not pleas- 
ant to have to incur the anger of this wicked woman and to be 
the victim of her lies; but God was more powerful than she. 
Joseph knew that if he kept the commandments of God, He 
would deliver and preserve him. But I'otiphar's wile was a 
poor, frail woman; her anger or her favor were equally short- 
lived and of very little consequence in view of the great eternal 
future which was before Joseph. AVhen niisforti:ne overtakes 
the unvirtuous and impure, they are miserable; they know they 
are sinners, and they cannot seek, with any faith, for comfort 
from the Lord. But Joseph's conscience was clear; he was a 
pure, innocent man; he had kept the commandments of God 
with integrity, and he had a joy and veace that the confinement 
and disgrace of a prison could not take from him. 

Ponder well upon the history of Joseph, children. Let the 
recollection of his truth and virtue snik deep into your hearts. 
AVhen temptations to do wrong are presented to you, and it 
raay appear to be a present advantage to you to yield to them, 
think of Joseph. He preferred to have the anger of his mas- 
ter's wife; to be looked upon by Potiphar as a wicked, ungrateful, 
dishonorable man and to be thrust into prison, rather than 
yield to temptation and defile himself before the Lord. 

The Lord was with Joseph in prison. He gave him favor in 
the .sight of the keeper of the prison; and he put all confidence 
in him. The prison and all the other prisoners were jilaced in 
his charge. Among other prisoners who were in confinement 
and put in Joseph's charge were two of the king's officers— the 
chief of his butlers and the chief of his bakers. The king's 
name was Pharaoh, and these officers of his had oflfended him. 
One morning Joseph went into the place where they were kept 
and he noticed that they looked sad. He asked them why they 
were dejected, and they told him that they had had a dream 
each the night previous; but there was no one to interpret 
them. Joseph's reply exhibited his faith. "Do not interpre- 
tations belong to the Lord?" he asked, "tell me them, I pray 
you." They told them to him and he gave them the interpre- 
tation. The chief butler was to be restored to his place by 
Pharaoh within three days. The chief baker was to be hanged 
within three days. Joseph's interpretation of the dreams 
proved correct. The chief butler was restored to favor; but 
the chief baker the king ordered to bo hanged! 

When he told the chief butler the interpretation of his 
dream he also told him his own history, and that he had done 
nothing that they should put him into a dungeon; he asked 
him to think of him when he should be prospered, and to make 
mention of him to I'baraoh that he might be released from 
prison. But the chief butler forgot all about Joseph. There 
are many people who, when they are prospered and honored, 
forget the friends they had in the days of their humility and 
poverty. A man who forgets his friends, especially if they are 
in humble or adverse circumstances, is a miserably ungrateful 
creature, and cannot be trusted. 

For two years, it seems, the chief butler forgot all about the 
young Hebrew whom he had known in prison. But then a 
circumstance occurred that brought him to his mind. Pharaoh, 
the king, had two remarkable dreams in one night. He 
dreamed that he saw seven fat cows come up out of the river 
and feed in a meadow. Directly afterwards seven other cows, 
so poor and ill-favored that the king never saw.anything like 



them, came up after them and they devoured the first seven. 
Then the king awoke. He slept again, and he dreamed that 
he saw seven ears of wheat come up on one stalk; they were 
fine, full, plump ears. And seven other thin, wthered ears 
sprung up after them. These last ears devoured the first and 
leit nothing of them. These dreams troubled the king. He 
sent for the magicians and wise men of his kingdom to come 
and tell him what they meant. But there was not one of them 
who could interpret the dreams unto him. Then the chief 
butler recollected Joseph's interpreting his and the chief baker's 
dreams, and he told the king about him. Pharaoh immediately 
sent to th€ prison for Joseph. After putting on suitable cloth- 
ing he went in to him. Joseph did not claim the knowle>'ge 
himself. He said to the king: "It is not in me: God shall give 
Pharaoh an answer of peace." 

The engraving is intended to represent him in the presence 
of the king. He is interpreting the dreams. The man at the 
foot of the couch on which Pharaoh is reclining, is doubtless 
the chief butler. Those at the head, with their books and 
papers, look like magicians. They are disagi-eeable looking 
men. They could not, by their magic, their figures and their 
arts, tell the interpretation. But Joseph trusted in God; and 
He gave him the meaning to impart unto the king. 
[To he Coiiiimied.) 



§iopr.jt||t. 






a?m] 



T the time of which we write the Saints 
were living in a land of so called civiliza- 
tion, the proudest boast of whose people 
was that they were a free people with the 
fullest liberty to worship God according 
to the dictates of their own consciences. 
Yet you can understand by what we write 
'^ that the prophet and Saints of God could 
not dwell in peace. Their fathers had 
fought and labored for liberty, and had 
helped to establish this fiee government, and 
they were therefore entitled to all the rights of 
American citizenship; but they were not permit- 
ted to enjoy them, because they chnseto worship 
God according to the plan revealed and taught 
by the Lord Jesus. The same spirit which led the 
Jews, the Piomans, the Greeks and the other peoples 
of the old world to hate, persecute and kill the Sav- 
ior and his disciples prevailed also in free, republican 
America. Their conduct proved the truth of the 
words of Jesus when he said: "Ye shall be hated of all men 
for my name's sake;" and of Paul, also, when he said that "they 
who lived godly in Christ Jesus shall suifer persecution." 

How thankl'ul we all ought to be that God has led us to a 
land where we have been able to dwell in peace and have the 
privilege 'o worship God without any one having the right to 
molest us or make us afraid. There is a great contrast between 
the circumstances which surrounded the Saints at the time of 
which we write and those in which we are now placed. Could 
.Joseph have lived uutil these days how much he would have 
prized them. 




!^3^ 



^i^^tig 




CrTJ^ElsriI-.E IIsrSTi^;UOTOI?., 



=HS*^|; 



11 



As soon as Joseph and the company reached Nauvoo, the 
Municipal Court came together, and Joseph told them that 
"the writ of the Master of Chancery at Dixon was made return- 
able to the nearest court having jurisdiction; and you are that 
court." Reynolds was required in legal form to return the writ, 
but he refused. loseph then drew up a petition to the Munic- 
ipal Court.of the city of Nauvoo, in which he set forth ten rea- 
sons for believing that his arrest was illegal and in violation of 
law, and prayed that a writ of habeas corpuis might be awarded, 
directed to Reynolds, commanding him to bring him (Joseph) 
without delay before the Court that he might be dealt with 
according to law. A writ was issued commanding Reynolds to 
bring Joseph before the Municipal Court, and, in case he should 
refuse, the City Marshal was authorised to arrest him. Rey- 
nolds returned the writ with the cause oi Joseph's detention 
endorsed upon it. He refused to submit to the writ, but sub- 
mitted to the attachment, and Joseph was deliverea into the 
hands of the Marshal of the city. Joseph requested the priv 
ilege from the Court to fill his appointment, which was granted, 
and the Court adjourned until the next morning. A large 
congregation assemt<led in the grove, and Joseph addressed it, 
giving, among other things, a recital "f all that had occurred 
connected with his arrest. While he was speaking Reynolds 
and Wilson started for Carthage. They threatened to raise the 
militia and to come again and take Joseph out of Nauvoo. 

The next day, July 1st, the Municipal Court met, and 
proceeded to investigate the writ ol Jiabeas corpus. Hyrum 
Smith, Parley P. Pratt, President Brigham Young, George W. 
Pitkin, Lyman \\ ight and Sidney Rigdon were examined as 
witnesses. Their testimony was conclusive. They described 
with great minuteness the scenes through which the Saints had 
passed and the cruel and inhuman persecutions they had en- 
dured from the hands of the authorities and people of Missou- 
ri. After listening to their testimony it would have been 
nothing less than consenting to the murder of an innocent man 
to have given Joseph up to Reynolds to be dragged by him into 
Missouri. While he was in that State his life had been sought, 
and it was only by the power of God that he had been enabled 
to escape. He was not guilty of the least oflence against the 
laws; but if his enemies could have carried him to Missouri, 
they would have murdered him. 

After the testimony had been given, the lawyers em2)loyed 
by Joseph — Walker, Patrick, Soulhwick and Rackman — each 
addressed the Court. They exhorted the Saints "to stand for 
their rights — stand or fall, sink or swim, live or die." An order 
was then made out for the discharge of Joseph from arrest and 
imprisonment — that he should be discharged for want ot sub- 
stance in the warrant upon which he was arrested, as well as 
upon the merits of the case. The lawyers named above made 
an affidavit to the efl'ect that no violence or threats had been 
made use of towards Reynolds or Wilson either on the journey 
to or after their arrival at Nauvoo, and that they came to Nau- 
voo voluntarily and were in no danger of violence, etc. This 
affidavit was drawn up to contradict the lies which Reynolds 
and Wilson had told to excite prejudice against Joseph and the 
Saints and to make the public believo that their prisoner had 
been taken from their custody unfairly and with threats of vio- 
lence. In fact, scarcely had this affidavit been signed when 
word came to Nauvoo from Carthage that these villainous men 
were stirring up the people to mobocracy, and were about to 
send a petition to Governor Ford for a^ws.fe (that is, a body of 
men) to retake Joseph. Reynolds and Wilson had tiled their 
affidavits that Col. Markham had, with armed force, taken 
Joseph out of their hands. The citizens of Nauvoo immediate- 
ly made out a petition to the Governor, prajing h m not to issue 
any more writs aga'nst Joseph; also a remonstrance against the 
Carthage proceedii)gs. A transcript of the trial before the 



Municipal Court, and virious other doonments throwing light 
upon Joseph's case, were delivered to his lawyers, with instruc- 
tions to see Governor Ford immediately. 
^ [To be Continued) 



T EE E 



B i^ JL V E 



X) O C3- 



SOME years ago, a ship boand for China, had on board, 
among other passengers, an officer, his wife, their only 
child, a little boy five years old, and a large Newfoundland dog, 
called ' Hobby." 

Everybody in the ship liked "Bobby," he was so good-tem- 
pered and frolicsome; but the little boy was the dog's constant 
play-mate. He was as fond ol Bobby as Bobby was of him. 
One evening, while they were romping together, the ship gave 
a roll, and splash went the child into the sea! 

The little boy's lather, half frantic, leaped with others into 
a boat; but it was too dark to see far before them. All gave 
him up for lost. 
At last they heard a noise on the left side of the ship. 
"Pull on! quick!" cried the father. The boat was turned, 
the men pulled with greater force, and "Bobby," holding up 
the child with his mouth, was soon alongside. The half- 
drowned boy was recovered; the parents were delighted; and 
the noble dog was i)atted and caressed by all. 

At the Cape of Good Hope the passengers were to be landed. 
The officer got into the boat with his wife and child; but he 
told the sailors to hold the Newfoundland dog tight by the 
collar till the boat was some distance from the ship. "You 
will then see," said he, "what a strong swimmer he is." 
"Bobby" pulled and tugged to get loose; but all in vain: they 
held him till the boat was near the shore. But no sooner did 
the officer give the signal than he sprang into the sea. 

Suddenly the poor animal set up a shrill howl, and threw 
himself almost out of the water. At first it was thought he 
had been seized with cramp; but it was worse than that, — a 
shark was pursuing him! "A shark! a shark!" sounded from 
the boat to the ship. "Bobby" swam right and left, dived and 
turned, showed his teeth, and never allowed the shark time to 
turn on his back, without doing which the monster could not 
bite him. 

The officer in the boat soon saw that there was little chance 
of reaching the spot in time to save the dog. Poor "Bobby" 
swam as fast as he could, and was almost tired out. "Stop 
rowing," cried the officer to the men, "and turn the boat 
around." Just at that moment the shark, which had got very 
close to his expected prey, turned on his back and opened his 
terrible mouth. "Bobby," was all but gone! His master rose, 
leveled his gun, and fired. In a moment the water was tinged 
with blood: the shark disappeared. 

The men then rowed to the spot where "Bobby" was swim- 
ming about. The officer pulled the dog into the boat; the child 
threw his little arms around him; and the men in the boat, and 
the sailors in the ship, cried out with joy, "hurrah! hurrah; 
'Bobby' is safe; the shark is killed! Hurrah." — Sehcted. 



GENTLTSNESS.— Gentleness, which belongs to virtue, is 
to bo carefully distinguished from the mean spirit of cowards, 
and the fawning assent of sycophants. It removes no just 
right from fear; it gives up no important tiuth from flattery; 
it is, indeed, not only consistent with a firm mind, but it neces- 
sarily requires a manly spirit and a fixed principle, iu order to 
give it any real value. 




i^ 

i^^^J.2, 



O-TJ-VEnSTZLE I3^STI2.TJOTOI^;. 



■^^^j 




SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 186 9. 



:ejdxto:rxj^Xj thzotjohts. 




Y reading an English paper, which Brother 
Henry W. Naisbitt has kindly handed to 
us, we learn that a noted preacher in Lon- 
don, Spurgeon by name, has got up what 
is called a Children's Revival. By a revi- 
val is Tneant an awakening of the people to 
their spiritual concerns. Many sects, when 
they wish to gain converts to religion, hold 
meetings, and everybody is invited to attend. 
The ministers preach flaming sermons, a great 
excitement is raised, and those who do not belong 
to the sect are prayed with and talked to until 
they are thoroughly frightened and they conclude 
to profess religion. When this is carried on for some 
httle time it is called a revival. 

It is a revival of this kind that Mr. Spurgeon, the 
most famous preacher in England, has been having 
among the children. It is said that he has such 
power of language that he can describe a sinner being shaken 
over hell in such a manner as to fill his grown-up hearers with 
terror; of course when children are his hearers they are fright- 
ened into hysterics. He appeals to their terrors and they are 
maddened into sobbing, shrieking, wailing and fainting. They 
are told that hell is their sure doom unless they speedily repent 
and get their sins forgiven. God is not taught to them as 
a Being to be loved; but to be dreaded. He is described to 
them as a Being who stands ready to hurl them into the midst 
of the most dreadful torments in hell fire, from which they 
can never escape throughout the endless ages of eternity. 
This hell is painted before them in such dreadful colors — its 
misery is said to be so horrible, that the children are almost 
made crazy with fear by the bare thought of it, and little boys 
and girls go home in some cases half-swooning, and in others, 
with their fresh and innocent faces drenched with wei'ping and 
agonized with terror. How must children, preached to in this 
mann.r, feel towards God? To them He must appear as a 
gloomy, cruel, pitiless Being who takes delight in inflicting 
misery upon his children, and has no symathy tor their weak- 
nesses. They must have a great dread of Him; they cannot 
.serve him because they love him; but tor fear of the terrible 
punishments He will inflict upon them if they ofiend him. 
There can be nothing joyous or pleasing to them in religion; it 
must be repulsive and hateful to their leelings. Yet this is the 
way religion is taught to children in London by a man who 
calls himself a servant of Christ. Such a man deserves the 
severest punishment for the tortures he inflicts upon the tender 
hearts of the innocent ones whom he addresses; and if he does 
not repent of his wickedness :ind folly, he will receive it, too. 

Jesus said when he was upon theearth: "Suff'er little children, 
and forbid them not, to come unto me; for of such is the king- 
dom of heaven." At another time he said to the people thit 
unless they became as little children they could not enter into 
the kingdom of heaven. In the revelations which He has 
given to his church in these daj-s. He says: "But, behold, I say 
unto you, that little children are redeemed from the foundation 
of the world through mine Only Begotten; wherefore, they 




cannot sin, for power is not given unto Satan to tempt little 
children, until they begin to become accountable before me; for 
it is given unto them even as I will, according to mine own 
pleasure, that great things may be required at the hand of 
their fathers." 

How very different is this teaching from that of Mr. Spur- 
geonl The Lord views children as types of innocence. Instead 
of saying that they are going to hell to be burned there eter- 
nally. He holds them up as examples for men and women, that 
they may become like children — simple, innocent and guileless. 

The children who live in Utah have many advantages which 
children abroad do not have. They are taught about God and 
his love and the principles of truth in a correct manner. They 
are not frightened by tales about God's wrath and the dreadful 
punishments he has for them; but they are taught to look upon 
Him as a Being full of love and mercy, whose highest delight 
it is to make His children hap)iy, and to whom they can pray 
with confidence that He will hear them and forgive their sins. 

In the eyes of children taught as Mr. Spurgeon is said to 
teach them God is a dreadful being — a monster; in the eyes of 
our JuvjENiLEs we have reasons to think he is the Being he is — 
a loving, merciful, benevolent Father. 

THE Jirv'ENiLE Instructor should be in every household in 
the Territory. It should be placed in the hands of every 
child, capable of reading, in the land. From all quarters we 
hear of the delight with which it is reoeived and the great 
amount of good which it is performing. We are frequently 
told by men and women that they themselves peruse its pages 
with profit and delight, it treats upon so many subjects of inter- 
est to the Latter-day Saints and which are found in no other 
publication iu the Church. A letter, which we have just re- 
ceived, says: 

"The Juvenile Instructob is a valuable mentor and wel- 
come friend to our boys and girls— say from nine to ninety 
j'ears of age." 

Another writes: 

"Tlje third volume of the Juvenile iNSTRUCTORthat liasjust 
closed has been a, source of great satisfaction as well as iustruc- 
tiou to its readers. I would not be without it, and would recom- 
mend every family to subscribe, read and pay for it." 

Canvass for it, friends. If there is a family in your neigh- 
borhood which does not take it, show thera a copy and let them 
see how valuable an aid iu the educating of their children they 
are neglecting by not subscribing for it. 

We are giving two more n jmbers in the volume this year than 
we have published in previous volumes. This will give greater 
satisfaction to our subscribers; they will have their papers on 
every other Saturday instead of on the first and fifteenth of 
each month. They will come to hand more regularly than 
under the old arrangement. 



ONCE more we have a continuation of little george from 
the interesting pen of Uncle George, who has become so 
great a favorite with our readers. The chapter is in type; but 
through a press of other matter we have reluctantly been com- 
pelled to withhold it until the next number 



False happiness is like false money: it passes for a time as 
well as the true, and serves some ordinary occasions; but when 
it is brought to the touch, we find the lightness and alloy, and 
feel the loss. 

False happiness loves to be in a crowd, and to draw the eyes 
of the world upon her. She does not receive any satisfaction 
from the applau.se which she gives herself, but from the ad- 
miration which ohe raises in others. 



r^ 



& 



Cr TJ "V" E 3^ I L E IlsrSTI^TJGTOI^, 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



THE LITTLE C3-IK.L J^IS^ID 
TSIE GHCIGICEn^S. 



THE little girl in the picture is, no doubt, a good and indus- 
trious one. She has risen early, said her prayers, opened 
the window to let in the fresh morning air and the perfume of 
the rose bush on the ivy that clings around it, and taken their 
breakfast to her little brood of chickens, before she has had 
her own. How happy she feels as the rising sun shines so 
pleasantly upon her, hor little pets flock around her so cheer- 
fully, and her young heart is buoyant with thankfulness to God 
for all the good things h ; gives her. How much happier and 
healthier she must feel than those children who lie in bed till 
the sun is a long way up in the sky, and then are so long dress- 
ing, that instead of l» i J 

H 



being able to feed 
the chickens or 
take a nice walk, 
their dear mothers 
have to hurry them 
and even be cross 
with them to get 
them ready for 
breakfast. But see, 
she has let the 
basin fall and 
broken it. Do you 
think her mother 
will be very angry 
with her? No, for 
she is a good girl 
and it was an acci- 
dent. But she will 
try to be more care- 
ful in future. God 
is not angry with 
us when we make 
mistakes or acci- 
dently do wrong; but he wishes us to be sorry for every wrong 
and to pray for His Spirit so that we may become very wise and 
good and careful — and then, by and bye, we shall not do wrong 
either through accident or ignorance. S. 



T^WElSTT-y ITEJ^I^S J^O-O 




A TKIP TO CALIFORNIA. 



CHAPTER II. 



IN my last I gave a brief sketch of affairs in this valley in 
1849. I have thought it would be interesting to uiy readers 
and it would be a proper introduction to what I am about to 
write. The gold discoveries in California, and the events which 
occurred here in 184y, had their influence in prompting the call- 
ing of myself and others to go to Calilbrnia. It was in the Fall 
of that year that we were selected. We formed a company, and 
were joined by some few whose only motive in going was to en- 
rich themselves by digging gold. It is the account of this trip 
that I propose to write for the Juvenile Instructor, and 
though it may not be so exciting as the descriptions of some ad- 
ventures, it has one merit — it is true. The writer kept a jour- 
nal, and therefore, does not trust to memory alone, though every 
event is firmly imprinted there. 

There was no place that I would not rather luive gone to at 
that time than California. I heartily despised the work of dig- 
ging gold. I thought it very poor business for men to bo ruu- 




' ning over the country for gold. I was quite young then, and 
though nearly twenty years have elapsed since that time, I still 
think so. There is no honorable occupation that I would not 
rather follow than hunting and digging gold. My instructions 
were to go to California and be guided by the counsels of Elders 
Amasa M. Lyman and Charles C. Rich, two of the Twelve 
Apostles. The former was already in California, having been 
sent there in the spring of 1849, and the latter was on the point 
of starting there, having been called at the Conl'erence to go on 
a mission to that country. 

It was desided that we should go to California by what w s 
then known as the Spanish TraiL To goby this Trail we had 
to go South as far as Little Salt Lake Valley, then travel in a 
south-westerly direction to the Cajone Pass, in the Sierra Neva- 
da mountains, which was near the part of California that we 
wished to reach first. At the time 3f which I write, this route 
had not been traveled muth by wagons. Captain Davis (after 
whom Davis county in this Territory is named) had brought one 
through from California on that route when he and a number 
of brethren came here in the winter of 1847- S, on their dis- 
charge from the "Mormon Battalion." It could have been 
made a pretty good wagon road; but we were mostly in favor of 
packing. Many of my little readers have seen men with pack 
trains riding through the streets of this city and Ocher settle- 
ments where they live, on their way to the mines. Mules are 
the most suitable for this service, though horses are also often 
used. A pack-sa-ldle, which has horns at each end, is securely 
fastened on the animal that has to carry the pack. On this the 
load is hung and then carefully lashed; for if it should get loose, 
there is danger of the animal getting frightened and running 
away and losing its pack. The men have horses or mules on 
which they ride, and they generally drive the pack animals 
ahead of them. Five of our company, however, thought they 
would rather not pack, so they started with two wagons. My 
Uncle, who procured my outfit, bought two animals for me, 
both of which had been highly recommended to him. The one 
which I selected for my pack horse was a crop-cared, iron grey. 
He was a good-sized, stout-looking animal, and it was tl,o ight 
he would endure the fatigues of the journey very well. As we 
proceed you shall know more about "Croppy," as we learned to 
call him. My riding animal was a ere im-colored mare, with a 
black mane and tail. She was young, and therefore not so 
tough as she would have been had she been two years oldi.r, 
but she proved serviceable. 

Thursday, October 1 Ith, was the day selected for Ftarting. 
The excitement of getting ready preveut^.d me from feeling any 
sorrow at the prospect of leaving, though I dreaded it. I had 
never been absent from home more than a night or two in my 
life, and when 1 had been undar the necessity of staying away 
a night in the kanyon to got a load of logs or timber of any 
kind, I had hastened home the next day with great delight. 
But when the hour of parting came I could not control my fee'- 
ings. For upwards of a year after this I could not think of 
home without being homesick. Our grand mountains and 
beautiful valleys, with the sweet and peaceful spirit that pre- 
vailed here, had such an attraction for me that I could never 
think of them without wishing that the time had come for me 
to return to them. 

We traveled easily for the first few days. There was no ne- 
cessity for hurrying, as the company was notalltogether. There 
was a novelty about packing that, in those days, I liked. But 
I soon found that that mode o* traveling had its inconveniences. 
Before we reached Prove it rained upon us two nights, and we 
felt the want of Water-proof blankets with whioh to cover our 
beds— a want that we seriously felt at many times before wa 
reached California. Wo arrived at Prove on Sunday morning, 
the 14th, and remained there that day. None of the settle- 



\^i 




14: 



Cr TJ "^^ E IT I Xj E IIsrSTI^TJGTOE. 



9'y . 



ments that now dot the road from this city to Prove bad then 
been made. From the Cottonwoods to Piovo the entire coun- 
try was in a state of nature. Not one house of the many flour- 
ishing settlements that are now to be found on the various 
streams south of Cottonwood was in existence when we passed 
along. At Provo a small settlement had been formed, and the 
people lived in a fort; it was then the most distant settlement 
from this city. 

While we were at Provo we found there were twenty of us 
who were prepared tj go through in company. A meeting was 
held anj^ro. James ^i Flake was chosen Captain. On Mon- 
da}', October loth, we left Provo. I felt somewhat as I would 
if I were pushing out to sea. Before us lay a country through 
which we intended to travel of which we knew but very little. 
At that time very few of the Saints had traveled south of 
Provo. Bro. Peter Fi o, who was with us, was the only man 
in our company who had ever been over the ground. He had 
been in the "Mormon Batallion," and after it had been dis- 
charged had traveled by this route from California to Salt Lake 
City. On many occasions we found his knowledge of the coun- 
try of very great use to us, though sometimes his memory 
would fail him. 

{To lie Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Inntructor. 






B o isr E 

[concluded.] 



BONE, in a manufactured state appears very different to the 
rough looking substance we see in every street, thrown 
away as useless. In many cities, such as New York and Lon- 
don, bones are collected with a view to making them useful in 
various ways. They«ire sorted; some are suitable for knife 
handles, tooth and nail brushes, knobs for drawers, umbrella 
and parasol handles; the pen-holder wo use in writing may be 
bone. Small articles, such as buttons, beads, toys and 
trinkets, are made from the waste pieces. Sometimes they are 
stained to resemble coral. Very pretty things are made of 
bone by the Chinese, who excel in this kind of work; they also 
make curious balls, carved one within the other, out of one 
piece of ivory. The .Japanese arc also very clever in these 
things; sometimes wonderful evidences of patience and skil| 
are exhibited by them, such as toy palaces and pagodas, in 
which thousands of minute jiieces of bone are fitted together. 
But it is European nations which excel in manufacturing 
articles of real use, and it would take quite a long list to 
enumerate all that is made from bone. 

Then there is quite a large business done in extracting fat 
and gelatine from the bone, the fat is made into candles, the 
gelatine is boiled to the consistency of a jelly and .sold for size; 
this is used by stencilers, whitewashers, paper staiiiers, gilders, 
and others. Sonic of the gelatine is boiled down to make glue, 
which is used by carpenters, joiners and cabinet makers, to 
cement wood together. The finer kinds of gelatine, such as is 
made from the tendons of animals, is made very transparent 
ami colored so as to resemble glass; this is u.sed to make the 
pretty toys, covers for candies, and other beautiful things whicii 
"Santa Claus" delights in. IVLny of the lozenges which look 
so tempting are made of this kind of gelatine, the coloring 
matter of which is the most objectionable part of them, although 



the less wo know of the substances used in making the gelatin- 
ous part the better we shall like them. Then again such is 
the demand for "isinglass" (a substance which ought to be 
made from fish) that large quantities of "genuine" isinglass is 
prepared from— well it would be impossible to say ichat, such 
is the admixture of animal remains in the yard of a bone boiler. 
This isiniilass is frequently used by confectioners and others to 
make jellies — the "calve's feet jelly" piled up in glasses so 
invitingly may well tremble when we take hold of it, we should 
be apt to do the same if we knew its origin. 

When the bone cutter and turner have done with the "waste" 
material (shavings, turnings, clippings, scrapings and dust) it is 
sold. From the dust certain parts are prepared to go into the 
market as' ivory dust," It is supposed by many persons that 
invalids (sick and delicate people) are greatly strengthened by 
the jelly made from ivory dust; and, as the dust ot ivory is 
scarce and dear, and the dust of bone is plentiful wnd cheap, 
unprinci])led men substitute one for the other to get gain. 
Perhaps one is just as good as the other medicinaUy, for both 
contain phosphate of lime and gelatine, but the fraud is none 
the less. 

After everything has been obtained from the bone that is 
useful to the manufacturer, and for domestic purposes, (knife 
handles, etc., fat, glue, isinglass, etc.,) then the manufacturer 
of animal charcoal gets it. A large quantity of bones is put 
into an iron vessel, on the principle of a retort. The bones are 
shut in air-tight, with the exception of a small tube which 
passes ofl into a receiver in a cool place. The retort is then 
lowered into a furnace, whore it becomes red hot, and the 
bones betonie black (charred;) most of the organic matter con- 
tained in the bones is driven of by the heat into the receiver. 
The charred bone is called "bone black," sometimes "ivory 
black;" it is very useful for making blacking, and for painting, 
but its great value is as a filter for sugar. The sugar is 
poured through a vessel containing this animal charcoal, or 
bone black, and any impurities are thus separated from it. 

Sometimes a very valuable kind of manure is prepared from 
those refuse bones. ^o doubt the juvenile reader has seen 
accounts of it, and of its great feriilizing qua ities. It is called 
"super-phosphate of lime." Mow, it is well to know what is 
meant by a s»jje/'-phosphate; we have seen that bone contains 
phospate of lime. Well, phosphate of lime is phosphoric acid 
and lime entered into a very close partnership; they cannot be 
easily separated because of their poweiful affinity for each 
other. The reason of their powerful attraction is that exactly 
the quantity of lime has entered into combination with the 
phosphoric acid that it is capable of uniting with: one atom of 
acid to three atoms of lime. If we could manage to steal 
away one of these atoms of lime this partnership would be 
dissolved; there would be too 'much phosphorus for the lime, 
it would then be siyjcr-phosiihate, or orer-phosphate of lime. 
This is done in the following manner: first, if all the bones are 
charred, in the way described above, then the whole of the 
organic matter which passed through the tube is put back 
again, so that all the rich elements may be restored to it; a 
quantity of sidphiiric acid is then added to the mass, and 
stirred in till it forms a paste. There is intense chemical action 
at once, during which one of the atoms of the lime steals off 
from the phosjihoric acid and unites itself with the sulphuric 
acid, forming a new comjiound: suljihate of lime. The result 
of this is, the phosjihoric acid has more lime than it requires, 
and it is a sujier-jilmsphale. Now, this is a most important 
change, for the sui)er-iihosphate will dissolve gradually in water, 
which we know a bone will not do; and a bone is a fair sample of 
what phosphate of lime is. Well, in our gardens and fields the 
lilants live and they require phosjihato for food. ^Ve remem- 
ber that, when treating on digestion, it was shown that "uoth- 








•^r^ 



J" TJ "V" E n^TI L E! IlsTSTI^TJOTOie. 




ing insoluble in water is assimilated to the blood;" and it may 
also be said of plants that nothing insoluble in^water is afsimi- 
lated to the sap, or blood, of the plants. Now, we waut the 
plants to receive the phosphate because theyicannot form grain 
without; and we require the grain because we cannot live with- 
out the elements contained therein. Suppose we eat meat, or 
drink milk, or eat eggs, get the phosphates where we may, all 
comes from the earth, and the gi'ain or gras3;,is tlie jiurveyor. 
What then is more natural than to .(/iVe back to the earth what 
we have taken from it? This is the meaning of all the stir 
about super phosphate of lime; and could we reduce to dust 
the boues themselves, and apply the dust directly to the plants, 
there would be no necessity tor the labor described in prej aring 
them. 

Much more could be said about the phosphate of liiue, the 
sulphate of lime, etc., which will be better ui derstood as we 
advance; but it is well to store the memory with facts relating 
to chemistry if we intend to study it. We have seen where 
the bone comes from, some of its uses in the arts, and glanced 
at the destiny of its elements. From the mineral kingt.om to 
the vegetable; from the vegetable kingdom to the animal, and 
back again to the earth. All natural operations; but the more 

.we understand concerning them, the more shall we see our 
dependance upon and admire the wisdom of Hii;; who directs 

all these operations lor the well being of man. Bi th. 



J^ 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE O-OSIPlBill,. 



Our little friends who attend the meetings of the Saints — 
we sincerely hope they all do — often bear the elders talk about 
the gospel, about its laws and ordinances, its gifts and blessings. 
We often ask ourselves do these listening little ones know what 
is meant by the gospel, and do^they understand the importance 
of obeying it? 

To tell i'ou what the gospel is in the fewest words, we should 
say it is God's plan for man's sahatioii. It is not a plan or 
scheme got up or invented by a man or woman or by any num- 
ber of them, but it is from God. He is the author of it, and 
he framed it for the good of mankind, because he loves them 
and desires to see them happy; and the object of the gospel is 
to make men happy, now and forever. 

We have just said that God loves us. Shall we tell j'ou how 
we know that he loves us? In the first jjlace we have to tell 
you we are all his children. He is the great father of us all. 
Every good father on the whole earth loves his own children. 
How much more does our Father in Heaven, whose goodness is 
so great love his? The liedeemer of the world himself said 
when here amongst men, God so loved the world that he gave 
His only begotten son that whosoever believeth on him should 
not perish but have everlasting life. Who is this only begot- 
ten son? It is our Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ, who was slain 
by wicked men, whoso life was given for the redemption of the 
world. Could we know all our Heavenly Father has done for 
us and for our salvation we .should indeed say ho has loved us. 

If we asked you who made the bright sun, the pale moon, 
the myriad twinkling stars; who causes the trees to sjiread and 
their branches to blossom, to leave and to bear fruit; who brings 
forth the flowers, the grain and the tender plants in their sea- 
son; who controls the wind and the waters, the clouds and the 
dews; who made the earth beautiful and variegated it with 
mountains and vales, streamlets and oceans; you would reply 
God. If so, for whom did he make them, for whom did he 
crown his works with beauty and fill them with joy? If it was j 




not for us, for whom was it? It was for man; for no beings who 
dwell on this earth, except men, can understand the grandeur 
of the heavens and the loveliness of the earth. It is for us and 
for our pleasure they are made. God is their maker; do they 
not prove his love? 

If God so loves us, some may wonder why he sends us to 
this eart'h. It is full of trouble and pain. We know the 
youngest have their little troubles, their childish cares. But, 
like all other things, they are for our good. We come here to 
learn those things which we must know, and which we can 
learn nowhere else. Our Heavenly Father will, by *nd by, 
take us to dwell with Him in another, happier and better world 
where all is peace, joy and love. He does not take us now be- 
cause we are not fit to go there. There is no sin there, all are 
pure and good. We are sinful, we do wrong, we break God's 
laws. We cannot do that there. We have not yet learned all 
the lesson we have to learn on this earth. When we have 
masteied it we shall be prepared to meet our Heavenly Father, 
and we shall be saved from the powers of sin and death. 

How can we learn this lesson? By obeying the gospel. That 
and that alone will teach us the ways of God and prepare us 
for His presence. Why? Because it is God's own plan. It is 
His way, and He will receive none others to Himself, except 
those who come to Him by this means. 

Then, if asked why you should obey the gospel, you can give, 
amongst other reasons, that it is God's plan; that, as He is our 
Father, it is our duty to obey Him, and, moreover, that as He 
calls upon us to do nothing but what is for our good, we should 
love the privilege he has given unto us of obeying His laws, and 
show our gratitude to Him by obeying Him in return, and we can 
best prove our love to Him by keeping Ills commandments. 

G. R. 



J^I^IBI^vIOJ^nsr HISTOID "ST, 

Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

[CONTINUED.] 



AS soon as General Howe landed on Staten Island, he sent a 
letter to General Washington, and afterward the Con- 
gress at Philadelphia sent a committee to him to learn what 
were the proposals he had to make. But these negotiations 
led to no result. All the power that Lord Howe had been in- 
vested with was to pardon the Americans if they would admit 
that they were rebellious subjects of the King of England, and 
return to their allegiance. The Americans, in reply, said that 
they were not the subjects of the King of England at all. 
They said, moreover, that they had been guilty of no crime, 
and would accept of no pardon. They were a free and inde- 
pendent people; and if Lord Howe was prepared to treat with 
them as such, they were ready to listen to what he had to say, 
but they would not receive any couimunication whatever that 
was addressed to them as subjects of the king of England in a 
state of rebellion. 

So Lord Howe found that the plan of pardoning the revolu- 
tionary armies would not succeed, and ho began to prepare 
vigorously for war. 

Of course the Americans knew very well that no force which 
they could bring into the field would be strong enough to con- 
quer the English armies. They knew that they must at first 
retreat before them, but they hoped in the end to wear thcni 
out by the stubbornness and pertinacity of their resistance. 
General Washington was a calm and quiet, but very dcteiminod 
man. He was about iorty-Uve years old at the time when he 
was chosen commander of the American armies. He was a 






;if^ 



16 



JIJ-VIEJlNriLSl IITSTI^.TJOT'OE/ 






gentleman of Virginia, living in quiet, retii'onient at the time 
with his wife and family. His fortune was large, and he 
was surrounded with every means of comfort and enjoyment. 
But, though he had thus so much to lose, and, personally, so 
little to gain by undertaking the very dangerous service re- 
quired of him, he accepted the appointment without any 
hesitation, and immediately proceeded to Cambridge, as we 
have already seen, to take command. He said, moreover, that 
he would not receive any compensation for his services, He 
would keep an exact account of his expenses, and that amount 
Congress might pay, but nothing more. 

Washington had riiimense difficulties to encounter in manag- 
ing his armies. Ths^'soldiers Were almost altogether what are 
called raw recruits— '.hat is, they were young men ftom work- 
shops and farm j, who c^me to the camp as volunteers, bringing 
with them any sort of swords or guns that they could obtain. 
They knew nothing about war, and, though at first they were 
full of zeal, they soon became wearied and discouraged when 
things went against them. In the winters they stlffered ex- 
tremely from cold, and sometimes from hunger. Congress was 
unable to furnish them with suitable supplies. The English 
soldiers, on the other hand, were provided with the very best 
of arms and accoutrements, and with abundance of comfort- 
able clothing. 

Then, besides, the English armies, in the course of the war, 
being generally strongest wherever they went, took possession 
of the eities and large towns, where, especially ia the cold and 
stormy seasons of the j-ear, they lived sumptuously in elegant 
mansions, and even the soldiers were well and comfortably 
housed, while the Americans were suffering cold, and hunger, 
and nakedness in such miserable huts as they could build in the 
woods, or under worn-out and leaky tents, which were wholly 
insufficient to exclude either the snow, the wind, or the ram. 
J heir friends at h'ome did all in their power to supi)ly their 
wants and relieve their sufferings. Mothers and sisters worked 
late in the winter nights to make warm clothing for tliem; and 
boys, too young and tender to be exposed to such dangers, were 
sent to carry them to the camp. People made contributions to 
procure *ri*s, and ammunition, and supplies of food, and the 
Legislatures of the different colonies devised the best measures 
they could to provide for the wants of the army, and 
assist them all they possibly could to keep the field against 
the invaders. 

Still, in spite of all that could be done, the American army 
was for a long time too weak to resist its enemies. They were 
first driven out of New York. Then the forts which they had 
built on the Hudson lliver above jMcw York were taken, and 
Washington was forced to retire farther and farther into the 
interior. Sometimes he found some small country house which 
he could make his head-quarters for a time, and thus, for a 
brief period, be under the slie'ter of a roof. All the hou-es 
which he thus occupied are now greatly honored, and are visited 
every year by many strangers, who regard them with feelings 
©f the deepest interest, and love to linger near them, thinking 
of the days when the Father of his Country bore within those 
humble walls his heavy burden of anxiety and care. 

It was not always that Washington could have a roof of any 
kind to shelter him. He lived often in a tent, in the midst of 
his soldiers, and exposed to continual alarms. The tent that 
lie used has b^en preserved to the present day. It is packed 
in two great leather coverings, the same in which it used to be 
packed when it was in service in the war. The poles by which 
it was supported lie in a bundle by the side of it. The cooking 
utensils too, which were used in the camp, are still preserved, 
together with the chest in which they were carried from one 
place to another in the course of the campaigns* 
(To be Continued.) 



.A. livdij^iiDEnsr's bltjsh: 



A blush! 'tis Nature's sweet charm, 

Suffusing cheek and brow; 
Cuuleur derose that comes and goes, 

O, who can tell us how? 
About fair innocRnce's face, 

In fitful mood it plays, 
As fall o'er waving fields of wheat. 

Shadows on Summer days. 

No artist's touch can bring it out. 

No carmine paint it there; 
No bold design or artifice 

The subtle charm declare; 
'Tis modesty's own secret art, 

The pure soul's mystic spell, 
And when we see tlie fairy glow, 

We prize and love it well. 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 
O-A-TEOHZISHS^ 

FOR OUR JUVE.NILES TO ANSWER. 



151. When did the Prophet Joseph leave Kirtland to visit 
the Saints in Canada? 

152. Who accompanied him, having been appointed on a mis- 
sion to the eastern States? 

153. Where were they detained, and for what cause? 

154. Who accompanied the Prophet to Toronto, Upper Can- 
ada? 

155. When did he return to Kirtland? 

15(3. At what date was a Conference held at Kirtland to re- 
organize the Church? 

157. What leading Elders were not sustained by the Confer- 
ence? 

15S. What were the principal reasons for this course? 

159. Who of the Twelve that were thus not sustained after- 
wards made confession and retained their apostleship? 

160. When did they do so? 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

O "EI A- I^ -A. ID E . 



BY C. C. SH.W. 



I am composed of 10 letters. 
My 4, 5, 6, 8, is an herb. 
My 4, 2, 3, 8, 5, 6, is a bird. 
My 1 , 2, 6, is used by ladies. 
My 8, 9 10, is a heavy weight. 
My 7, 6, 2, 8, is an insect. 
My whole is a city in Utah. 



a-TJ"\^:H]nsriiii:Ei h^tstk^tjotoie^ 

Ib published iu Suit Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



OEORCE Q. CAN NON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum §3 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months*- • i 50 

«B- It is expected where agents forward names they will be responsible 
for the papi'rs thus ordeied; and when Cash payments are made, they will 
please forward them with the letter coutainint;' the names of the subscribers. 

flSr Elder Vim. II. Shearman, Logan, wUl act as General Agent for 
Cache Valley. 

«S- Grain brought to this City for the Juvexh.e Instbuctor will be 
received at the oflice of our pjper— Di£si!KliT Xkws Buildixgs. 







