
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL J, 1868. 



NO. 7. 



T£J^J5TJSLAJJEI. JL.1XJD HER SOHST SAJSs/CTJEXj. 



IN the engraving which we give this week you see an old 
man, with a woman and a little boy standing before him. 
This old man is Eli, the priest. He is a descendant of Aaron, 
and wears the breastplate of Aaron. The woman is named 
Hannah, and she is the mother of the little boy, whose name 
is Samuel. 

Hannah's husband was called Elkanah. He had two wives. 
Their names were Hannah and PeninnaL Peninnah had a 



when they were at Shiloh, where they went to worship the 
Lord, she went into the temple, or place where the priest 
offered sacrifices, and wept and prayed unto the Lord. 

She told the Lord that if he would look upon her affliction, 
and give unto her a man child that she would give him unto 
the Lord all the days of his life. As she thus prayed, Eli was 
near by and he watched her. He saw her lips move; but he 
could not hear her voice, and he thought she was drunk. He 





number of sons and daughters; but, for some years, Hannah 
was childless. Because l'ciiinnah had children, and Itann:ih 
had none, the former rejoiced over the latter, and provoked 
her. Hannah fretted about this, and wept and did not eat. 
Her husband, Elkanah, tried to comfort her, for he loved her. 
He asked her if he was not better to her than ten sonH. But 
this did not satisfy Hannah; she wanted a son. So one time 



eiliJed her. But she told him she Was not a wicked woman; 
she had not taken any wine or strong drink; she was a woman 
of a sorrowful spirit, and she had poured out her soul before 
the Lord. "Then Eli answered and said, Go in peace; and 
the God of Israel grant thee thy petition that thou hast asked 
of him." When Hannah heard this she was satisfied. Her 
countenance was no more sad. 





^..-'a^nwagcaasj^ 






JUYEITILE 



IFSTBUCTOE. r>/ _ 



Her prayer and Eli, the priest's, promise were fulfilled. 
The Lord gave her a son, and she called his name Samuel. 
When she had weaned the boy, she started with him to go to 
the house of the Lord at Shiloh. She also took three steers, 
some flour and some wine with her. It is this scene that is 
shown in the picture. Outside they have killed one of the 
steers, and she has come in with her darling boy to Eli. She 
wants to fulfill her vow, and give the child to the Lord. She 
tells Eli who she is, that she is the woman that had stood by 
him praying unto the Lord, and that the Lord had given her 
what she had asked. She leaves little Samuel at the house of 
Lord, and she returns home. After this the Lord gave her 
three more sons and two daughters. But Samuel ministers 
unto the Lord before Eli, the priest. He was a little boy; but 
he was faithful, and the Lord loved him. He grew up to be a 
man, and became a great prophet and the leader of Israel. 

We shall, probably, have something more to write about him 
at some future time. But the Juveniles should copy after 
Samuel, nis example is one that every little boy can follow, 
and though they cannot all expect to stand at the head of the 
people as he did, still they can all be good, faithful men and 
prophets of God. 



LIFE 
S T IE 



O IE G- IE O IR, C3- 

PHENSON. 



IE 



Taken from a little work — The Rocket— published by the 
American Tract Society. 



ROBERT S RETURN — A CURIOUS ENCOUNTER — THE 
PRIZE ENGINE. 



ONE step forward; yes, a great one too, Stephenson thought. 
His beloved locomotive was to have a chance of being 
properly introduced to the great English public; and he felt 
that it needed only to be known to be valued. The building of 
it was a matter of no small moment, and he wanted above all 
things a tried and skilful hand to superintend and put into its 
construction every conceiveable improvement. It must be the 
best engine yet built. 

Where should he find the right man? No one would answer 
like his son Robert, and Robert he determined to send for. 
Robert, you remember, went to South America three years be- 
fore. There he had regained his health, and on receiving his 
father's letter made immediate preparations to return to Eng- 
land. 

On his way at a poor little comfortless inn, in a poor little 
comfortless seaport on the gulf of Darien, where he was 
waiting to take ship, he met two strangers, one evidently an 
Englishman, who by his shabby appearance looked as if the 
world had gone hard with him. A fellow feeling drew the 
young man towards his fellow countryman, and on inquiry who 
should it prove to be, but the old Cornwall tin-miner, Captain 
Trcvethick, whose first steam-carriage awakened so much 
curiosity in London nearly a quarter of a century before. 

J I" had sown his ideas to the winds. Others had caught it 
up, cherished it. pondered over it, examined it, dissected it, 
unproved it, embodied it, and by patient study and persistent 
endeavor had reduced it to a practical force. And Robert 
Stephenson was now on his way to inaugurate it as one of the 
great commercial values of the kingdom and of the world. 
The poor inventor, what had he done meanwhile? While 
others worked, had he slept? Oh no. He had tried an easier 
and >horter cut to fame and fortune. You remember he left 
his ''dragon," as some people called his locomotive, in London, 
quite careless what became of it, and went scheming and specu- I 



b^h^ 



lating iu other things. Several years after, in a shop window, 
it attracted the attention of a French gentleman passing by. 
He was from Peru, and had just come to England to get 
a steam-engine for pumping water from some gold diggings in 
the new world. Delighted with the model, he bought it for 
twenty guineas. Taking it with him to Lima, an engine was 
built on the plan of it, which worked admirably. The gentle- 
man was then sent back to England to bunt up and bring out 
the inventor himself. The captain was found, and came forth 
from his obscurity into sudden notice and demand. The 
gentleman engaged him to make five pumping engines accord- 
ing to his model, which he did, and shipped them to Lima, 
the captain himself soon following. 

At Lima he was received with great honors, and a public re- 
joicing. A guard of honor was appointed to wait on him; and 
in view of the wealth he was supposed to be able to engineer 
from their mines, a massive silver statue of him, as the bene- 
factor of Peru, began to be talked of. 

Of course poor Trevethick thought his fortunes made, and 
no doubt looked back with pity on his humble English life. 
Friends at home spread the news of his successes, and when 
they stated that the smallest estimate of his yearly income 
amounted to one hundred thousand pounds, no wonder he was 
pronounced a success! Tardier steps to fortune seemed tedious; 
and many of his old associates perhaps sighed over the whole- 
some toil of a slower paced prosperity. 

Years passed on, and the poor captain turns up at Cartagena, 
penniless and pitiable. In crossing the country, he had lost 
everything. Fording rivers, penetrating forests, and fighting 
wild beasts, had left him little else than a desire to reach 
England again; and Robert Stephenson gave him fifty pounds 
to get home with. Sudden fortunes are apt as suddenly to 
vanish; while those accumulated by the careful husbandry of 
economy, industry, and foresight reward without waste. So 
character is stronger than reputation. For one is built on what 
we are, the other, on what we seem to be; and like a shadow, 
reputation may be longer or shorter, or only a distorted outline 
of character. One holds out, because it is real; the other often 
disappears, because it is but a shadow. 



Robert reached home 



right heartily 



welcomed, we may well believe, by his father, who was thank- 
ful to halve the burden of responsibility with such a son. To 
build the prize locomotive was his work. 

Stephenson had long been a partner in a locomotive factory 
at Newcastle, which had hitherto proved a losing concern to 
the owners. There was little or no market for their article, and 
they struggled on, year after year, waiting for better rimes. 
Nobody saw better times but Stephenson. He saw them ahead, 
shooting through the gloomy clouds of indifference and preju- 
dice. And now, he calculated, it was very near. So he sent 
Robert to Newcastle to take charge of the works there, and 
construct an engine that would make good all his winds. 

It was a critical moment, but he had no fears of the result. 
Robert often came to Liverpool to consult with his father, and 
long and interesting discussions took place between father and 
son concerning the best modes of increasing and perfecting the 
powers of the mechanism. One thing wanted was greater 
speed; and this could only be gained by increasing the quantity 
and the quality of the steam. For this effect a greater heat- 
ing surface was necessary, and mechanics had long been experi- 
menting to find the best and most economical boiler for high 
pressure engines. 

Young James, sun of Mr. James, who when the now Liver- 
pool and Manchester route was talked of, was the first to 
discover and acknowledge George Stephenson's genius, made 
the model of an improved boiler, which he showed to the 
Stephensons. Perhaps he was one of the boys who went to 



\ffXT f J 



i Irmvthtif »*rt*& 



0~ TJ ^7" El 3ST I L TEi 

vol. .6 Mo- 7 



I^STRTJOTOB.^ 



bx rs» 



Killingworth -with his father to see the wonders of "Puffing 
Billy," and whose terrors at the snorting monster were only 
soothed by a pleasant and harmless ride on his back. Whether 
this gave him a taste for steam engines we do not know. At 
any rate he introduces himself to our notice now, with a 
patented model of an improved boiler in his hand, which 
Stephenson thinks it may be worth his while to make trial of. 
"Try it," exclaimed the young inventor, "try it, and there will 
be no limit to your speed. Think of thirty miles an hour!" 

"Don't speak of thirty miles an hour," rejoined Stephenson; 

"I should not dare talk about such a thing aloud." Fori 

suppose he could hardly forget how Parliament committees 

branded him as a fool and madman for broaching such beliefs. 

(To be Continued.) 



HISTOBT 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

OIF JES CJS. 



1 



CHAPTER XIV. 

SAMUEL prophesied of the coming of Jesus — that the time 
was near at hand when he would be born. He also gave the 
people a strange sign by which they might know the time of 
his birth; which was that the night, before Jesus was born, 
would be as light as the day, so that there would be two days 
and a night in which there would be no darkness: and Samuel 
the prophet told them about the length of time that would 
elapse before this sign would appear. He also said that at that 
time, a new star which had never been seen before, should 
make its appearance; and other signs also should be seen in 
the heavens. 

He told the people if they would repent of their sins and 
believe in the name of Jesus they should be saved from the 
awful destructions that would surely come upon the wicked: 
for, he said to them, Jesus will be crucified, and at the time of 
his death there will be lightnings and earthquakes and many 
fierce and terrible judgments will be poured out upon those 
who disbelieve the words of the prophets and continue in then- 
wickedness. 

At that time the people of the great city Zarahemla were so 
wicked that they would not allow the prophets of God to enter 
their gates, and the only way that Samuel could approach them 
so as to warn them of their impending danger, was to stand 
upon the wall and there proclaim with a loud voice what the 
Lord commanded him to say. While in that position, many 
threw stones to kill him as he stood preaching to the people, 
but the angels of heaven were there for his protection, and the 
wicked could not destroy him. Those that believed came out 
of the city and were baptized in the name of Jesus for the 
remission of their sins, and joined themselves to those who 
feared the Lord and were obedient tor the words of the 
prophets. 

As the time approached when Samuel had predicted that the 
sign concerning the birth of Jesus should appear, the wicked 
began to exult and say that the time had expired and the 
prophecies were all false; and they ridiculed those that believed 
in them, and threatened to put them to death; and had 
appointed a day when they would destroy every one of them, 
if the sign was not to be seen before that day arrived. 

There was a very good man called Nephi, who trusted in God 
and believed in the coming of Jesus; he went out alone and 
bowing down he prayed fervently for his friends and brethren 
who were in danger of being destroyed by their enemies. And 
while he was praying, a voire came to him saying that the sign 
should be given that very night, and on the next day Je m- 
should be born. It was the voice of the Lord speaking to 



Nephi, and Nephi rejeiced exceedingly when he heard the 
voice for he knew that the words were true, and his sorrow and 
mourning were turned into joy and thanksgiving: and he went 
and told the good news to his brethren. 

That same evening the sun went down as usual, but no dark- 
ness followed the setting of the sun, but the night time was as 
light as the day. Instead of the wicked slaying the righteous, 
great fear fell upon the unbelievers when they saw the sign 
that had been foretold, and many of them fell to the ground 
as if they were dead. It was the same in all the land, east, 
west, north and south; and all the people saw the long day and 
witnessed the appearance of a new star; and all things were ful- 
filled which the prophets had spoken concerning that time. 

No tongue can express the feelings of joy that filled the 
hearts of the prophets and of all who believed on them, when 
they knew, not only by miraculous signs, but by the unerring 
testimony of the spirit of God, that Jesus the Messiah, the 
Savior of the world, had really taken a mortal body, and had 
come to redeem the fallen children of Adam. It was true, he 
was a long distance off, and they were separated by a mighty 
ocean, but they knew that he had come, and that all people on 
the face of the earth were interested in his coming. 

During the thirty three years and upwards of the lifetime of 
Jesus, we have no account of his manifesting himself to those 
who believed in him, that lived on the western continent; but 
in all that time there were many who were inspired by the 
Spirit of God, who went forth testifying of the truths of salva- 
tion and teaching the principles of righteousness and a belief 
in a judgment to come. And in every land they were more or 
les? persecuted, and from time to time they were hunted and 
driven. Yet they had seasons of peace and prosperity — when 
the people listened to the teachings of the inspired men, as 
many did for a few years after the birth of Jesus, their peace 
and prosperity was great, but it was not long until the most 
part turned away and went into sin, and at the time of the 
death of Jesus, there was much division and strife through- 
out the land, but those that did believe in him were clothed 
with the power of God and performed great miracles, even 
to the raising of the dead to life. ■ E. R. S. 



I AM a very little boy, 
But love my parents well, 

Far more than I love my toy, 
And more than I can tell. 

I'll try to be most kind to all, 
And act a good boy's part; 

For that I know will always call 
Joy to my parents' heart. 



Hear, ye children, the instruction of a father, and attend to 
know understanding. Enter not into the path of the wicked, 
and go not in the way of evil men. Avoid it, pass not by it, 
turn from it and pass away. 



Whene'er a duty waits for thee, 
With sober judgment view it, 

And never idly tvish it done; 
Begin at once and do it. 

For Sloth says falsely, "By and by 

Ts just as well to do it." 
Hut present strength is surest strength, 

Begin at once and do it. 



m 

a 



#** 





52 GTTT'VIEIETIXjIE 

.Oj, 3 Mc- '7 



1TSTEUOTOE-. 



h SnhtmU fttsftmcfotu 



$ 



i 



GEORGE Q. CAJVIVOIV, : 

APRIL 1, 1 S68. 



EDITOR. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





HILDREN, God has given 3'ou each a 
body. Do you know the reason? It is 
that you may do more good, be more hap- 
py and enjoy more blessings than you 
could without it. Again, do you ever con- 
sider that this body has been given you to 
take good care of. You know it is a sin 
to lie, to steal, to take the name of God 
in vain; is it not also wrong to neglect, to 
injure or abuse this beautiful and wonder- 
fully made body with which the Lord has clothed 
your spirits? 

If you were asked, Has a man a right to run 
a sword through his body, to cut off his hand or 
foot, or put out his eyes? You would answer at 
once that no man has any such right given to him by 
° God or his fellow men. Any man would be very 
foolish and very wicked, you would say, to do so. Is 
it any less a wrong for people to injure their bodies, 
or bring on diseaso, by neglecting the laws of life and health? 
You will answer, no; certainly not; yet many young folks un- 
thinkingly injure their health, weaken their bodies, and bring 
pain and misery upon themselves in after years by not attend- 
ing to a few laws which govern these bodies. 

We are not now talking about injuring our bodies by running 
a" sword through them or cutting off a limb. Few do that, but 
many do nearly as foolishly. "What we wish to do is to draw 
our little friends' notice to the manner in which they some- 
times, either through ignorance or want of thought, make 
themselves sick, and even destroy their lives. 

We all know that the flame of burning wood is never cold. 
That the falling snow on a winter day is never warm to our 
touch. We know that the fire burns, that ice freezes These 
are the laws of their natures. It is just as true, little friends, 
that if you do not observe the laws that govern your bodies, 
you will bring on sickness, perhaps death. 

Now, you may ask, what are these laws? We will tell you 
some of them. You can injure your bodies by eating or drink- 
ing too much — by over-filling your stomachs; by drinking hot 
or strong drinks; by eating improper or unwholesome food; by 
trying to smoke or chew tobaaco, as you see bigger folks do; 
by getting very warm at work or play, and then drinking very 
cold water, or Bitting in a draught of cold air; by getting your 
feet soaking wet and not changing your shoes and stockings; 
by being out in a storm and letting your damp clothes dry on 
you. And so, in a hundred ways, you ca-n break the laws of 
health. If you break any of these laws, you are as sure to 
suffer as if you put your hand in a fire. It is no more true 
that fire will burn, than that if you drink hot drinks they will 
inflame and excite the stomach ami render it unfit for a time 
to dige-t your food. It is also true that it' you eat such things 
as are hard to digest, you injure your stomach by so doing; 
and when the stomach is out of order, all the rest of the body 
feels sick. Half of our sicknesses arise from this cause. Now, 
you may ask, what is good to cat? God who made our bodies 
lias kindly told us what i> good for them. Have you not heard 
of the revelation which the Lord gave to his servant Joseph 



Smith, called the Word of Wisdom. Look for it in the Doc- 
trine and Covenants; you will find it there on page 240, and 
then read it. There we are told that it is not good to drink 
hot and strong drinks— whisky, brandy, tea, coffee, for instance; 
nor to smoke or chew tobacco. Nor is it good to partake of 
too much meat. That is not healthy in warm weather; but we 
may use it sparingly and with thankfulness in times of cold or 
famine. Then, again, there are some meats that are better 
than others for us to eat. They digest more easily and are 
lighter in our stomachs. Fish and fowls are better than beef 
and mutton, and all are better than pork. Pork is not fit for 
the belly of man; it is hard to digest, lies heavy on the stom- 
ach, and is often full of disease. Those who have the privi- 
lege of choosing should prefer all other meats to pork for their 
eating. Again, we can injure our bodies by not taking suffi- 
cient rest; by running about out of doors at night, when we 
should be in bed, and lying in bed in the beautiful morning, 
when we should be up and praising God for his blessings. 
It is a pretty true saying: 

"Early to bed, and early to rise, 

Slake a mau healthy, wealthy and wise." 

Nor is it good to exert the body too much in play. Few 
children willingly exert themselves too much at work. That is 
an evil more commonly committed by those who are grown up. 
But some youths seem to experiment with their health to show 
how much they can bear; and test their strength to the utmost 
to find out how much they have to spare. It seems with some 
who always enjoy health that they undervalue it more than 
they do any other of God's blessings. They use it as they 
please as a right, and do not accept it as a priceless gift of God. 
This should not be so. Those who do not possess good health know 
too well its value. That without it every comfort is lifeless, 
every joy is incomplete; and the boy and girl who are blessed 
with health should thank God for it continually and remember 
that He will call them to an account if they wilfully uespise 
such a priceless blessing. 



JOHN Q. ADAMS' LOVE FOR HIS MOTHER. -The 

mother of Join; Quincy Adams said, in a letter to him, written 
when he was only twelve years of age, — "I would rather see 
you laid in your grave, than grow up a profane and graceless 
boy." 

Not long before the death of Mr. Adams, a gentleman said 
to him, "I have found out who made you." 

"What do you mean?" asked Mr. Adams. 

The gentleman replied: — "I have been reading the published 
letters of your mother." 

If, this gentleman relates, I had spoken that dear name to 
some little boy who had been for weeks away 'rom his mother, 
his eyes .could not have flashed more brightly, nor his face 
glowed more quickly, than did the eyes and face of that vener- 
■J>]c old man, when 1 pronounced the name of his mother, 
He stood up in his peculiar manner, and emphatically said: 

"Yes, sir, all that is good in ine, I owe to my mother." 

Is not this incident very touching and beautiful ? 



Hark to'nature'a lesson given 
By the blessed birds of heaven; 

Every bush and tufted tree 

Warbles sweet philosophy; 
'.Mortal, fly from care and sorrow; 
God prevideth for the morrow." 



1 





J" TJ "V" E I£T X Xj :e 

No. "7 



WML- I. lS(n% 




53 




THE CITY OF S-A-ZMI-A-IR/XA.. 

WHEN Israel and Judah were united as one kingdom, dur- 
ing the reigns of Saul, David and Solomon, Jerusalem 
was the chief city of the whole nation. When the ten tribes 
revolted from under the rule of the son of Solomon they had 
no royal city; Jerusalem being within the limits of the tribe of 
Judah. For some time this want was not supplied, until the 
days when Omri reigned over Israel, who the Bible tells us 
"bought the hill Samaria of Shemer for two talents of silver, 
and built on the hill and called the name of the city which he 
built after the name of Shemer, owner of the hill, Samaria." 
From this city the country around took the same name, and its 
people were known as Samaritans. 

From the reign of Omri Samaria became the royal city of 
Israel. And in the days of its splendor, when the high and 
almost isolated mount on which it stood was glorious with 
temples and palaces, and girt with massive walls and lofty 
towers, it seemed well 
worthy of its regal calling. 
But its splendor was not de- 
voted to the glory of God, 
and the sure word of pro- 
phecy pronounced its doom: 
' 'Samaria shall become 
desolate; for she hath re- 
belled against God." 
"Therefore, I will make 
Samaria as an heap of the 
field, and as plantings of a 
vineyard; and I will pour 
down the stones thereof 
into the valley, and I will 
discover the foundations 
thereof." 

Every traveler who visits 
Samaria, bears testimony 
to how completely God has 
fulfilled his word. The 
Arab fellah drives his rude 
plow in the midst of its 
ruios, and a wretched Arab 
village perches on the hill 
side. "Nearly all the hewn 
stones and other ruins have 
been gradually carried off 
out of the husbandman's way; some piled up in the fields, and 
others used in making the terraces along the hill side, or thrown 
into the valley below; and desolation and ruin reign all around. ' ' 

We will now note some few incidents which have helped to 
make the name of Samaria known in history. After Omri, its 
founder, died, his wicked son Ahab built a temple to Baal within 
its walls. In this same reign came Benhadad, King of Syria 
with"thirty and two kings that helped him' ' and laid seige to the 
city. Feeling safe in the vast host about him he rioted and drank 
in his pavilions. Then there came a prophet to Ahab who told 
him how to destroy the Syrian host. At his word two hundred 
and thirty two of the princes of the house of Israel sallied forth 
from the city and put to flight Benhadad and all his armies. At 
the return of the year he once more gathered his people and 
came against Samaria. Again the Lord delivered him into the 
hand of Ahab; but Ahab spared him, and made a treaty with 
him. This displeased the Lord, for He intended the King of 
I.srael should destroy the Syrian, and a prophet pronounced 
against Ahab and his house those evils lie should have brought 
upon Benhadad. 



At last Ahab, led on by false prophets, was slain in battle. 
His dead body was brought to Samaria in his chariot and 
buried there. When the servants washed his blood from the 
chariot at the pool there, the dogs licked it up, and thus fulfill- 
ed the word of the Lord by the mouth of Elijah: "In the place 
where dogs licked the blood of Naboth, shall dogs lick thy 
blood, even thine." 

Ahab's successor saw the armies of Benhadad again surround 
this city. For three years they beseiged it, until so great was 
the famine that we are told of two women making a bargain 
to kill and eat their infant sons. The one fulfilled her part of 
the contract; her boy was slain and divided between them. 
The other refused when her turn came. She would not slay 
her child. The first woman in anger cried unto the king, 
whose heart was saddened and humbled at the horrid story. 
He put on sack cloth beneath his royal robes and God soon 
after sent a prophet to him with glad tidings, though the king 
in his blindness strove to kill him as one of the causes of the 




evil. Elisha, for he was the prophet, told him that on the 
next day about that time, food should be sold at the gate of 
Samaria at a marvelously low price. This seemed so strange, 
so ridiculous to the starving people that the chief lord on whose 
arm the king leaned laughed at the prophet. Elisha answered, 
"behold thou shalt see it with thine eyes, but shalt not eat 
thereof." 

And it was so. God caused a noise of horses and chariots 
to be heard in the Syrian camp; they supposed that the allies 
of the kingdom of Israel had come to its rescue. They fled in 
dismay. Four lepers outside the city wandered into the camp, 
found it deserted, and by and by reported it to the Israelitish 
king. No sooner were the citizens assured that the news was 
time than they rushed like a torrent out of the city, and in 
their hurry they trampled to death the lord who mocked at 
Elisha. He heard the news but did not taste the food. 

In the days of Ilosea, the last king of Israel, or about 720 
years before Christ, the Assyrians under Shahnaiieser captured 
Samaria. They carried nearly all its peoplo into captivity. 
They only left the poor and the sick behind them. They then 




4Q-, 



$3r 



■ ~r -^-^--^ ^y ^— * -^..w^ *m-t^ 'iwuM frTLT" " " — —MM iT ' r.~~ W I v?TY r? B BJ y ri M —a—— M —— ——— — ■ 



JUTB1TILE 



*jQ 






ITSTRTJCTOR. ,„ 




tilled the deserted cit3' with colonies of their own nation; thus 
the people became mixed. So with their religion; in it the 
worship of idols was mingled with the service of Jehovah. 
For this reason the Jews, on their return to Jerusalem from 
captivity in Babylon, refused to let them help rebuild the tem- 
ple there. Then commenced that intense hatred between the 
Jews and Samaritans referred to so often in the New Testament. 

About 109 B. C, John Hyrcanus, the Jewish high priest, 
destroyed the city and temple of the Samaritans. But Herod, 
about thirty-five years after, who ruled Palestine in the name 
of its Roman conquerors, rebuilt it at a great expense, the 
emperor Augustus having made him a present of the city. 
Nothing but the few solitary pillars, seen in our engraving, 
remain of the vast temple and other edifices he erected to that 
monarch's honor. 

Of Samaria, in the days of the apostles, the New Testament 
tells us that Philip went and preached theie, and that the 
apostles James and John followed him to confer the Holy 
Ghost on those whom he baptized. In latter days, when the 
Crusaders contested with the Saracen for the possession of the 
Holy Land, the knights of St. John built a beautiful church 
on this hill in honor of their patron saint (John the baptist) 
who is said to have been buried in the city. It is the ruins of 
this church which tower on the brow of the hill, above all 
other ruins, while its foundations are hid in the midst of ancient 
olive trees. 

Our view of the city is taken from below a ruined aqueduct 
that once supplied the citizens with water, and the ruins visible 
on the hill are all that tell of Samaria's departed glory. Yet 
this one truth is taught by each shattered column and ruined 
wall; it is that though it mayjeemingly be delayed, the word of 
the Lord never fails. G. R. 



Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

O ZLST IF 1 IE IE T . 



ri"HIE question I wisli to put to our young girls and boys, la- 
jL dies and gentlemen, is this: Is a girl that is comely to look 
upon, and has small feet and white hands, any better than those 
who have large hands and feet and are plain looking? I have 
heard young boys discourse on the beauty of a girl's foot, as if 
it were a merit in her, and as if she was the one to whom all 
praise should be given. They forget that it is a gift from God, 
and that before Him, those feet are the loveliest that walk in 
his ways. For instance, say a girl is on skates who has good 
size 1 ' "understandings." She knows that she is gazed upon by 
the bystanders, and the consciousness that she is awkward and 
homely, makes her appear more so than she naturally is. Now 
some of you kind hearted boys, step up and offer to assist her, 
and perhaps when >he thanks you she will smile so pleasantly 
that you will forget she is so plain, and if you are disposed to 
C mvi rse, draw her out in conversation, and you will tind, nine 
chances out often, that she has read a good deal, and is quite 
el] informed, as a great many beauties of your acquain- 
tance. 

A word to you, my fastidious friends, you who like your 
beef-steak dune to a turn, and your biscuits made "just so," 
(I do not expect you drink coffee, i come let us drop in about 
eight in the morning, and take a peep at some of the fair ones. 
Of course we are invisible; but let u» stand quietly and see 
whether it is the beauty with .-mall lovely hand- and feet that 
does the most towards "cleaning up," or the large hands and 
or whether the rosy lips speak the most pleasant words, 
or the plain but good natured mouth of the homely girl strews 
about her "the treasured pearls oi sunnie smiles aud cheerful 



> 



^^ 



words?" Now, do not think I wish to intimate that all pretty, 
and beautiful girls, are ill-natured ; no, no : but that a great 
many plain girls are "better than they look." Young gentle- 
men, I beg of you not to pass by a girl with a sneer on your 
lips because you happen to see a No. 5 shoe beneath her skirts, 
and do not happen to see beauty in her face. Such things show 
a lack inlvou, more than in her. Judge not by the feet, hands 
nor face, but by the action, prompted by the head and heart. 

From a Plain Young Lady. 



f W 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



IN TROUBLE. 



A TRUE STORY. 
[secosh PART.] 

\ FTFR dinner was over, little George assisted his kind mis- 
-Ti tress to move the dishes off the table, and to do some 
other little duties in the house before they went up stairs again 
to work, for she made it a point to teach George house work, 
such as washing the dishes, setting the table for dinner, for 
breakfast or for supper, sweeping the house, and cleaning the 
firegrate and the fire irons, and running on errands. 

Now, George was very quick to learn such duties, and he 
liked to do them because it pleased his mistress, and it gave 
her more time tc do her binding up stairs. In one sense he 
bad to learn to do the duties that little hired girls do in this 
country, and then he went up stairs to learn his trade. 

After dinner was over, and the assistance his kind mistress 
wanted of him was rendered, he went up stairs again and sat 
on bis scat to continue his duties. 

He could not put the bristles on the thread he had made, 
but the new acquaintance did it for him, showing him how to 
fasten them. 

The first piece of sewing that he was required to do was to 
seam up two pieces of upper leather first, before he sewed on 
the seams of the shoes. He did it pretty well, and to the 
satisfaction of his master. It took him some time though to 
do it, and once or twice he pricked his finger with the awl and 
got his thread all tangled up; but, upon the whole, his first 
trial was a triumph. 

The next piece of sewing that was given him to do, was to 
sew together two pieces of a shoe upper. This he did better 
than the two pieces of leather he first tried to sew, and his 
master began to think that he had got a very smart, little boy 
for an apprentice, and he said so to George, which encouraged 
him more, and pleased him wonderfully; for kind words always 
did prevail with him, making his spirit kind and gentle, when 
angry words always made him obstinate and stupid. 

He got so much encouraged by the success of his sewing 
attempts that he t<»>k up two pieces more of shoe uppers that 
the master bad laid in bis seat, aud put them together and 
commenced t<> sew them in great glee. The wax wore oft' his 
thread in a little while, and the new acquaintance showed him 
how to wax it again, by holding both ends up over his work in 
one hand and waxing it with the other; aud this time he took 
good care not to let the wax stick to his fingers again. 

He got that Beam done and was full of delight that he could 
do it 30 wi il and showed it to h's master, who exclaimed, 

"Why, boy, what have you been doing? you have got this 



V£l* 




B—MM 



J TJ "V IE IT I H IS 



aJq. 7 



IUSTBTJCTOE,. 



55 ' 



all wrong. Why don't you mind? This seftm will have to be 
cut open again. You have got the front of one quarter sewed 
to the back of the other quarter." 

Kind Mistress. — "Well, why didn't you keep your eye on 
him? How should he know how to put them together? You 
are more to blame than he is. In his anxiety to show us how 
well he could sew he never thought how the tops should be put 
together." 

Master. — "Well it is well enough sewed for a new beginner, 
almost as well as I could have done it; and he can soon sew it 
over again." 

This took little George's enthusiasm down a notch, but the 
kind words of his mistress, and the appreciation of his sewing 
by his master made this blunder pass off with but slight regret 
on his part. 

He worked faithfully nearly all afternoon, and felt to like the 
business pretty well. After tea time was over, which was at 
four o'clock, and he had helped his kind mistress to wash and 
put away the tea things, he was permitted to go out and play 
for a while before dark; for, in that country in the spring of the 
year, it began to be dark soon after five o'clock. 

He went out of the front door in his shirt sleeves and with his 
leather apron on. He did not know any little boys to play 
with; but it pleased him to be out of doors, and he found many 
beauties of nature to look at which sufficiently interested him. 
He had not stood at the front door long before a little hoy 
came up to him carrying a bird cage and in it a bird. He 
asked little George if he wanted to buy a bird. George was 
delighted at the idea of owning a bird; but did not know how 
to pay for it, for the boy wanted two-pence for it. Two pence 
is equal to four cents. His kind mistress happening to come to 
the door, she bought the bird for him, and put it into a little 
cage which hung up empty in the front room, for the new 
acquaintance used to keep birds and this cage belonged to him. 

This bird was a bullfinch, and had been caught but a short 
time before with bird lime. 

George did not want to play any more. He would rather sit 
and watch his little bird jump about in the cage, which he 
hung up in the shop up stairs, after he had put a little crust of 
bread between the wires, and some water in a little glass, and 
some seed in a small drawer in the cage. 

He never had owned anything of the kind before, that is to 
call it really his own to do what he liked with. Next -morning 
he was up bright and early, and kindled the fire and put on the 
tea kettle, all before his kind mistress was up, and then he ran 
up staiis again to do something for his bird which hung on one 
side of the window. 

By the way that it jumped on the side of the cage nearest 
the window he thought that it wanted to be hung outside, so 
he opened the window, and after knocking a nail in the bricks, 
hung the cage on the outside of the room, in the open air. 
His little bird could now see the green hedge, which was close 
by, and the green fields, and the sparrows that were jumping 
and chirping on the walls and on the spouts of the houses and 
in the hedges. 

Little George sat on his master's seat, and watched it jump 
on the side of the cage nearest the green hedge, and rub its 
bill against the wires, and Oh, how anxious it did seem to have 
a hop and a chirp in the green hedge. As he sat watching it, 
he said to himself: "now, suppose I was that little bird, and 
a little buy called little George had fastened me up in an iron 
cage, where I had hardly room to give a good hop, without 
thinking of flying over the green fields and rivers and houses, 
how would I like it?" He concluded that he would not like it. 
And, again, he said to himself: "would not I love that little 
boy, whoever he should be, who would open the door of the 
cage and let me fly out, and bo free like my little, wild compan- 
ions there in that hedge and on that house spout.'"' 




These thoughts were in George's mind while he sat watching 
the nervous hops of his little prisoner in the little space allowed 
it in its very small cage, and he was sorry for the poor bird. 
He felt that he had its fate in his hands, and if it died in the 
cage, or anything should happen that the cat should get it, 
then he would blame himself for its death, and he never should 
forgive himself. 

Still the bird seemed to straggle to get out of its iron 
bondage, unconscious that its little keeper was sympathizing 
with its sad confinement, or that he was half persuaded to set 
it at liherty. 

George continued to watch the poor bird, and think about 
how he would like it, until tears were in his eyes, and he deter- 
mined, at all risks, to let the prisoner go free, for it did not 
like to be caged up any more than he did. He at once opened 
the cage door, and then quietly watched until the bird found 
the open door, then he was gone in the twinkling of an eye. 

George looked at the empty cage, and could not but regret 
that this little creature could not stay contentedly; yet he felt 
satisfied with himself that he had done a good deed. 

My dear little children, never allow yourselves to abuse one 
of the creatures which God has made, for he who kindly gives 
you your daily bread also takes care of the sparrows. 

Uncle Georoe. 
{To be Continued.) 



fBopaiJlttj. 



J" o s :e n? h: smith, tieue 

HP IR, O IP IK IE T . 



N the 15th of September, 1840, the Gov- 
ernor of Missouri, after a silence of about 
two years, at last made a demand on 
Governor Carlin of Illinois, for Joseph, 
Sidney Rigdon, Lyman Wight, Parley P. 
Pratt, Caleb Baldwin and Alanson Brown 
as fugitives from justice. Governor Car- 
lin complied with the demand, and an 
order was issued for their apprehension; 
but they were not to be found. They did 
not feel disposed to be. placed again in the 
power of the blood-thirsty and savage beings in 
the shape of men, who dwelt in Missouri. So 
they put themselves in a position where they 
could not be found. 
On the 3rd, 4th and 5th of October, 1340, a gen- 
eral conference of the church was held at Nauvoo. 
At that conference Hyrum Smith, Lyman Wight 
and Almon W. Babbitt were appointed a committee 
to organize Stakes of Zion between Nauvoo and Kirtland. 
This was in consequence of several applications having been 
made for the appointment of such Stakes. Joseph also laid 
before the conference the necessity of building a House of the 
Lord at Nauvoo. The conference resolved to build such a 
Souse, and Reynolds Cahoon, Elias Higbee and Alpheus 
Cutler were appointed a committee to build the same. It was 
also resolved that every tenth day's labor should be appropria- 
ted by the people towards the building of the House. The 
glorious doctrine of baptism for the dead had been revealed by 
l he Lord to Joseph, and he preached a discourse upon it at 




ie_?> 




^hm— b^mi— — a mm MBgaaa^a 



1 






is n>r i il :e i^tst 



RTJCTOR 



<& 

<">i 



this conference, which was listened to with considerable inter- 
est by the vast multitude assembled. The Spirit of God bore 
testimony to its truthfulness, and joy filled the hearts of the 
Saints in reflecting that God had revealed so glorious an ordin- 
ance through complying with which their dead relatives and 
friends could receive the blessings of the gospel. Elder Robert 
B. Thompson read to the conference an article, written by 
Joseph, on the subject of Priesthood. It was full of precious 
instruction respecting the subject on which it treated, and gave 
evidence that he who wrote it had walked with God and had 
drank deep at the fountain of inspiration. 

Joseph exerted himself to obtain a charter from the Legis- 
lature of the State of Ilinois for the city of Nauvoo. He had 
a charter drawn up, which was intended, to use his own words 
"for the salvation of the church, and on principles so broad, 
that every honest man might dwell secure under its protective 
influence without distinction of sect or party." The act incor- 
porating the city was passed by the Legislature, and took effect 
on the first Monday in February, 1841. On January 15th, 
1841, Joseph and his two counselors — Sidney Kigdon and 
Hyrum Smith — published a proclamation to the Saints scat- 
tered abroad, in which full details were given respecting the 
progress of the work and other matters of interest. 

A- Joseph's father had passed away, he being the Patriarch 
in the church, it was necessary that another should fill that 
office. Hyrum Smith, his oldest living son, accordingly re- 
ceived the appointment and was ordained to act in that posi- 
tion. This made a vacancy in the First Presidency, of which 
quorum Hyrum was a member, and William Law was, by 
revelation, appointed to the place. 

On the thirtieth of January, 1841, a special conference of 
the church was held at Nauvoo, and Joseph was unanimously 
elected sole Trustee-in-Trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints. On the first of February the first election 
was held in Nauvoo for members of the City Council, and on 
the third of the same month the City Council was organized. 
John C. Bennett was elected Mayor of the city. Joseph was 
elected as one of the Councillors. He presented several Bills 
to the Council, among the rest one for an ordinance organiz- 
ing the Nauvoo Legion, which passed the same day. On the 
fourth, steps were taken to organize the Legion, and Joseph 
was elected Lieutenant-General of the Nauvoo Legion. The 
Legion, at its organization, was composed of six companies. 
At the next meeting of the City Council we find Joseph 
introducing a Bill, which, after some discussion, passed, in 
relation to Temperance. This prohibited the vending of 
whisky in a less quantity than a gallon, or other spirituous 
liquors in a less quantity than a quart, excepting on the 
recommendation of a physician. He was determined to dis- 
countenance bar-rooms and drinking saloons, and to make the 
drinking of liquor in places of resort punishable. In the 
discussion of this Bill, he spoke at great length on the use 
of liquors, and showed that they were unnecessary. They 
operate as a poison in the stomach, and roots and herbs couJd 
be found to effect all necessary purposes. In the business of 
the City Council Joseph was particularly active, introducing a 
great variety of important Bills. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 5, is ALGEBRA. The 
following sent correct answers. <'. Denney, E. i». Mousley, J. 
Beck, E. R. Cherry, F. V. Toronto, W. J. Lewis, A. A. 
Fitzgerald, E. A. Smith, M. Smith, M. J. Allen, R. W. 
Shipley, M. E. Shipley, L. E. Boulton, V. A. Brown, II. R. 
Burnham, A. B. Duncan, J. Bull, jr., G. G. Taylor, and 
A. M. Jarvis. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

OHABADE. 



BY DANIEL M. TYLER. 



I am composed of 10 letters. 
My 9, 6, 3, 10, is a common name for a dog. 
My 1, 5, 3, 4, 2, C, is a clever little animal. 
My 7, 3. 9, is a small domestic animal. 
My 6, 8, 9, 5, is a religious ceremony. 
My whole is a city in Utah. 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 

CATECHISM 

ON THE HISTORY OF THE INDIANS. 

Republished from No. 5. with their answers:— 

17. "Which of Lehi's sons were good? 

Nephi and Sam. 

IS. Which were bad? 

Laman and Lemuel. 

19. Did Laman and Lemuel murmur at their father for leav- 
ing his riches and possessions, to go into the wilderness? 

Yes. 

20. Towards what sea did they first travel? 
The Red Sea. 

21. To what city did tho Lord tell Lehi to send his sons, from 
the Red Sea? 

Jerusalem. 

22. To get what? 
The brass plates. 

23. What did these plates contain? 
The law of the Lord. 

24. What else? 

The record of their fathers. 

25. Who had these plates? 
Laban. 

26. Was he a good man? 
No. 

27. Did Lehi's sons go? 
Yes. 

28. Did Laman and Lemuel complain at having to go? 
Yes. 

29. How did they decide who should go to Laban's house 
to ask for the plates? 

By casting lots. 

30. Upon wliom did tho lot fall? 
Laman. 

31. Did Laban receive him well? 
No. 

32. What did Laban say and do to him? 
He called him a robber and tried to kill him. 



George R. Emery, Lehi Tingey and James E. Shelby for- 
warded us correct answers to the above questions. 



J"TJVE2sTIT_,H] I1TSTRTJCTOE/ 

Js published in Salt Lake City. Utah Territory. 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, 
Single Copy, 



per Annum 83 80 

for Six Months 1 50 



JSTff- Tt is expected where agents forward names they will be responsible 
for the papers thus orderi -. and when Cash payments are made, they 
will please forward them with the teller containing the names o/ the 
subscribers. 

W Elder Wm. II. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent for 
Oache Valley. 

«»- Qraln brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will be 
received at the ojjicc oj our paper— Desekkt News Buildings. 



4^£c! 



