
E J0VE1 



' ' 





NO. 8. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 1866. 



VOL! 



^oetrq. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
PBECIOUS JEWEL. 



There is a precious jewel, 
Of youth and beauty rare; 

And one that's not too costly 
For every one to wear. 

Of all the golden treasures 
Which kings and princes boast, 

This single, lovely jewel 
Is worth, by far, the most. 

Inward, as well as outward, 
This jewel must be hung; 

And when the lips are open, 
Should ornament the tongue. 

No one should be without it, 

Either on land or sea; 
But keep it ever with you, 

Where ever you may be. 

If children learn to value 

This jewel, when they're small. 
They're pretty sure to prize it, 

When they are large and tall. 

And when the heart and bosom, 

This jewel shall encase, 
The tongue conveys its lustre, 

And beautifies the face. 

It is a gem of friendship 
Emboss' d with confidence — 

A shining badge of honor, 
Untrammel'd with pretence. 

Its name — can no one guess it — 
This prize for age and youth? 

I'll tell you! Can you speak it? 
It is not hard — 'tis Truth. 



E. B. Snow. 



■*40i 



A COURAGEOUS REFORMER. 

The following is an instance of courage and faith- 
fulness, on the part of Hugh .Latimer, Bishop of 
Worcester, one of the Protestant Reformers. 
Having one day preached a sermon before King 
Henry the Eighth which had displeased his majesty, 
he was ordered to preach again the next Sunday, 
and to make an apology for the oifeuse he had 
given. After reading his text, the Bishop .thus be- 
gan his sermon: "Hugh Latimer, dost thou know 
before whom thou art to speak to-day? — to the high 
and mighty monarch who can take away this life if 
• thou displeasest him. But then, consider well, 
Hugh: dost thou not know from whence thou com 
est? upon whose message thou art sent? Even by 

the great and mighty God, who is everywhere 
present, who beholdeth all thy ways, and who is 
able to cast thy soul into hell! Therefore take heed 
that thou deliverest thy message faithfully." He 
then proceeded with the same sermon which he had 
preached on the previous Sunday, but with consid- 
erably more energy. When the sermon was ended, 
the court was full of expectation to know what 
would be the fate of the fearless and plain-dealing 
reformer. After dinner, the king called for Lati- 
mer, and with a stern countenance asked him how 
he dared to be so bold as to preach in such a man- 
ner. He replied, his duty to his God and his prince 
had enforced him thereto, and that he had merely 
discharged his duty and his conscience in what he 
had spoken. Upon which the king, rising from his 
seat, and taking him by the hand, said, "God be 
thanked I have so honest a servant!" Latimer 
j feared not the face of any man; but he walked 
[humbly and faithfully before his God. In one of 
his letters he says, "It is not I, without God's 
mighty, helping hand, that can abide the brunt: 
but I have trust that God will help me in every 
time of need."— [Selected. 




Christopher Columbus, the discoverer of Amer- 
ica, was born in Genoa, Italy, about the year 
1446. He was of humble but respectable parents, 
his father being a woolcomber. When about four- 
teen years of age he went to sea, and, after years 
of experience as a sailor, he became a skilful navi- 
gator. At that time nothing was known of Ameri- 
ca by the nations of Europe, although they knew 
of and traded with the East Indies. Columbus be- 
lieved that by sailing westward a passage could 
be found to the East Indies, without sai ing round 
the continent of Africa He was a religious man, 
and believed that he was destined in the hands of 
the Almighty to make important discoveries by 
navigating westward. He applied to several gov- 
ernments for assistance, but without success, until 
after the exercise of great patience, and persever- 
ance in overcoming difficulties which would have 
discouraged any ordinary man, he received assist- 
ance from Ferdinand and Isabella, the mouarchs 
then reigning in Spain. On the 3rd day of Au- 
gust, 1492, he sailed on his first voyage of discovery 
with three small vessels, only one of which was 
decked, and about ninety^raen, mostly sailors. 

Columbus had great faith, for though he had 
launched forth on an unknown sea, with three small 
barks, manned by superstitious men who several 
times were about to mutiny^ or rebel against him, 
and though he met difficulties of a nature to make 



~ T _ _ ' m '■ . ' [For the Juvenile Instructor. 

CHRISTOPHER. COLUMBUS, 



^inost men give up the 

project, he*kept 

steadily on, and on 

the 12th of October, 

1492, he landed on 

one of the Bahama 

Islands, which h e 

named San Salvador. 

He had succeeded.. 

He had discovered 

land to the westward. 

And he returned to 

Europe where honors 

were heaped upon 

him. 

Iu a second voy- 
age he discovered 
others of the West 
India islands. On his 
third voyage, he land- 
ed on the coast of 
South America. 
Enemies worked 
against him in Europe, 
while he was in the New World, as the land of 
America was called, and after a fourth voyage he 
returned to Spain, worn down in mind and body, by 
the injustice done him in consequence of the efforts 
of his enemies, and died on the v 20th of May, 1506. 
Christopher Columbus was undoubtedly inspired 
•f the Lord for the proseeution of the work which 
he accomplished. He opened up a New World to 
Europe, and brought to view the land which God 
had for ages reserved for the establishment and 
building up of his Kingdom. 

Nephi, in vision, inspired by the Spirit of 
God, saw the discovery of this continent, and 
recorded it. The passage will be found on the 
24th page of the Book of Mormon, and reads as 
follows: — "And I looked and beheld a man amono- 
the Gentiles, who was separated from the seed ef 
my brethren by the many waters; and I beheld the 
Spirit of God, that it came down and wrought 
upon the man; and he went forth upon the many 
waters even unto the seed ©f my brethren who were 
m the promised land. And it came to pass that I 
beheld the Spirit of God, that it wrought upon 
other Gentiles; and they went forth out of captiv- 
ity, upon the many waters. And it came to pass 
that I beheld many multitudes of the Gentiles upon 
theHand of promise.'' 

Thus did the Lord, through His servant Nephi, 
more than fourteen hundred years ago, foretell the 
discovery of this continent by the comino- hither 
of many people from Europe and other parts of 
the earth. 

The. trials of life are the tests which ascertain 
how much gold is in ns. 

A cheerful spirit makes labor light and sleep 
sweet, and all around happy, whieh is much better 
than being only rich. 

Learning refines and elevates the mind. . 

Every one knows that there are many things 
which he could not accomplish; yet no one knows 
what he actually cau do until he has made the at- 
tempt. • 



30 



THE JUVENILE INSTEUCTQR 



-./■■*---■.- ~s j- S „'S~f~ry~rs.S^S-.' 



r .-_"„--- -~./v\/ , ~' 



-%VJfr\A^^V 



' 



^iitgrapjnj.- ■. 

JOSEPH SMITH/THE PROPHET. 

(continued.)' . 




grow 



HERE were several persons pre- 
sent at the organization of the 
church who became convinced of 
the truth of the work which was 
being established, and who went 
forward and were baptized. 

On the 11th of April, 1830, 
Oliver Cowdery preached the 
first public discourse, thafr was deliver- 
ed by any member of the church, at 
the house of Mr. Whitmer, Fayette. 
After that. Brother Joseph and the 
other Elders preached at various 
places, and were successful in bringing 
many to the knowlege of the truth, who 
were baptized. Thus the church began to 
and to increase in numbers and strength, 
many witnesses being raised up by the power and 
Spirit of God, who received knowledge for them- 
selves as Joseph had. 

Joseph himself continued to increase in faith and 
power. Many revelations were given to him by the 
Lord on doctrine and principle, and respecting the 
organization of the church and the manner of doing 
business; and he became very wise in the things of 
God, so wise that no man, however learned, had 
power to confound him. The sick were healed and 
the devil was cast out of many persons by the pow- 
er ef the Holy Priesthood. But these manifesta- 
tions of the power of God had the effect* to arouse 
the devil and wicked men to hate and persecute 
Joseph and the Saints. And there was a feature 
connected with these persecutions to which we wish 
to call the attention of our little readers. The men 
who were the most violent in their conduct aild who 
never ceased to stir up strife aud hatred among the 
people against Joseph, were men who belonged to 
some of the so-called Christian churches, and pro- 
fessed to be very pious, and many of them to be 
preachers ! 

In the fall cf 1830 a warrant was sworn against 
him by those religious characters, and he was ar- 
rested on the charge of being a disorderly person, 
of setting the country in an uproar by preaching 
the Book of Mormon, etc. And the charges were 
made because he and the other Elders preached 
the gospel and baptized the people. This was the 
first of a great number of arrests and trials to 
which Joseph was subjected by the wicked who 
sought to entrap him and destroy his influence. The 
most frivolous testimony was given against him at 
the trial. As an illustration of the spirit many of 
those people manifested towards him, we need only 
record his treatment on the occasion of his second 
arrest. The constable had taken him to a tavern 
and gathered in a number of men to look at aud de- 
ride him. They abused, ridiculed and insulted 
him, and spit upon him and pointed their fingers at 
him, saying, "prophesy, prophesy." 

Children, by turning to the new Testament, 
Mathew 26 chap., 68 verse, you will see that the 
wicked Jews did the same to Jesus wheif they had 
him a prisoner before they crucified him. Joseph 
was innocent of any wrong; he was only doing what 
the Lord had commanded him. But if they would 
persecute and kill our Lord and Savior Jesus, the 
Master of the household, they would be sure to 
persecute Joseph, who was one of the household. 

The accusers of Joseph could not sustain their 

■charges against him and he was discharged by the 

courts before whom he was tried — the Spirit of the 

Lord resting down powerfully upon the men who 

came forward to defend him before the • courts, 



.■~j\AS , ~~m' , ~~~*-~-<s' v -*r~~*/\rv , **s 



and enabling them to confound his enemies and their 
lawyers. 

Joseph had considerable trouble in those* days 
with the brethren, because of their lack of under- 
standing and hardness of heart. He had to be on 
the aleH all the time to guard the flock against the 
evil influences that were around them. Hiram 
Page had obtained a stone, through which he had 
obtained revelations concerning the upbuilding of 
Zion and the order of the Church, etc., which was 
opposed to the true order as revealed by the Lord. 
The Whitmer family and Oliver Cowdery, as well 
as some others, believed in Page's revelations; but 
Joseph, after receiving the word of the Lord on the 
subject, succeeded in convincing them of their error, 
and they renounced the stone. 

About the time of the conference in the fall of 
1830, many of the Elders manifested a great desire 
to inquire of the Lord respecting the remnants of 
Israel — the Lamanites, or, as they are commonly 
called, Indians. They, hoped that the time had 
come when the promises of the Almighty in regard 
to that people- should be accomplished, and that 
they would receive the gospel and enjoy its bless- 
ings. The Lord called Oliver Cowdery, Peter 
Whtmer, jun., Parley P. Pratt and Ziba Peterson 
to go on a mission to the Lamanites. These Elders 
traveled and preached by the way from New York 
to Missouri, and were the first members of our 
church who had the privilege of standing upon the 
land which was afterwards designated by the Lord 
and consecrated as the Centre Stake of Zion — where 
the great Temple and City are to be built. The 
place was ftien, and is still known by- the name of 
Independence, Jackson County. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE STORY E DANIEL. 



The king commanded the prince of his servants 
to go among all the Jews who had been carried 
into Babylon, and choose out some of the wisest 
and the handsomest men he could find; such as had 
been to school and were the best scholars, and had 
read many good books, — such as could be taught in 
all the learning and the language of the people in 
Babylon. The language which the Jews spoke 
was called Hebrew, and that of the people of 
Babylon, was Chaldean. 

The prince of the servants went and did as the 
king told him to do, and he chose the wisest, the 
most learned and the best looking men he could 
find among the captive Jews. One of these was 
Daniel the prophet, and he had three friends with 
him — their names were Hananiah, Mishael and 
Azariah. It was a great comfort for Daniel to 
have three good men, who were his true friends, 
with him, while he was far from his home, aud in 
the midst of strangers. They prayed together and 
asked God to put it into the hearts of the great 
men of Babylon to treat them kindly, and as the 
servants of God should be treated; and God heard 
their prayers, and He gave them favor in the eyes 
©f the king's prince, so that he loved them and was 
very kind to them. 

The king wanted them to be taught a great 
many things, and have their minds filled with 
all kinds of wisdom and knowledge, and to be fat 
and fair and beautiful in their persons, so that they 
would be ornaments in his grand and splendid 
palace; and it took three years time to prepare 
those men to come into the presence of the king. 

The king told the prince, who selected those 
men, to give them a part jof his own meat to eat, 
and some of the same wine as he drank, but when 
it was set before Daniel and his three friends, they 
refused to partake of it, for it was a part of the re- 
ligion of the Jews, not to eat swine's meat and no 
true Jew will eat it now. So Daniel asked the 



prince that was over him, if he would not excuse 
him from eating the king's meat, and -drinking the 
king's wine; for Daniel was true to his religion, 
and he feared to displease God more than he feared 
the great haughty king of Babylon. 

The prince of the king's servants was getting ac- 
quainted with Daniel and he loved him and wished 
to gratify his feelings by granting his request, but 
he was afraid of the king and dare not disobey 
him for fear of losing his life. The other Jews, 
all but Daniel and his three friends, ate what was 
set before them, and did not honor their religion as 
Daniel did; and the prince thought that those who 
ate the king's rich food and drank his wines would 
look a great deal better than Daniel and his friendsr; 
if they should eat simple food and drink nothing 
but water. He was a gentile aud did not know 
anything about the God that Daniel worshipped, 
and did not realize that the Spirit of th'e Lord 
makes the countenance of man beautiful. 

Daniel said to Melzar, the man that the king's 
prince had appointed to wait on Daniel and his 
three friends, "Now try us for ten days, and let us 
not eat anything but pulse, and not drink anything 
but water; and at the end of the tea days, look 
upon us, aud look upon those Jews who have eaten 
the king's food, aud judge for yourselves whether 
we shall eat our own food or that of the kind's." 



Melzar consented to what Daniel said, and leathern 
try the,pulse and water for ten days; and at the 
end of ten days, they looked fatter in flesh and 
fairer in countenance than those of their, brethren 
who ate their portion of the. king's meat. Melzar 
did not let the king know what he did, for fear of 
hia anger, but after this, he was not afraid to let 
Daniel and his friends eat pulse, which is a mild 
food. It is something like peas or beans, and they 
had it cooked in a kind of soup, and God blessed it 
to their use, and God-gave them great knowledge 
and great wisdom and skill, and the Lord taught 
Daniel many thingsjby visions and in dreams, and 
he gave Daniel the gift of the interpretation of 
dreams. ^ 

When the three years had expired, which it took 
to prepare the men whom the prince had selected 
out of the captive Jews, h# brought them all in to 
the presence of the king Nebuchadnezzar; and the 
king looked upon them, and he talked with them, 
and among them all, there was net one found equal 
to Daniel and his three friends— not one so wise 
and not one so beautiful, and so the king chose 
them to stand before him — to come into his mao-- 

O 

nificent court. And the king could not find any, in 
his whole dominion, who knew as much as those 
men . 

In those days, the gentile nations consulted as- 
trologers, magicians and soothsayers, instead of 
seeking to the Lord, for they did not worship God, 
and did not know anything about true prophets; 
and when the king asked anything that Daniel did 
not understand he asked the Lord and He revealed 
it to him, and in this way Daniel got greater know- 
ledge than those who did not serve the true and liv- 



ing God. 



(to be continued.) 



Never be idle. If your hands can not be usefully 
employed, attend to the cultivation of your mind. 

Keep good company or none. 

Make few promises. 

Live up to your engagements. 

Good company aud good conversation are the 
very sinews of virtue. 

Never listen to loose and infidel conversation. 
If any one speaks evil of you, let your life be so 
virtuous that none will believe him. 

Ever live, misfortune excepted, within your in- 
come. 

Earn your money before you spend, it. 



■ 



/ 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 



31 



"_'-"^s.-»-S*-»^^«^-, 



'.-N.-«f\--_- 



Cjn Snneiiile Snatnutnr. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR, 



APRIL 15, 1866. 



LITTLE. JOHN AND HIS VISIT. 




OW very gratifying it is to see 
faith manifested by little boys and 
girls! There are a great many 
children among us, who learn 
when quite, young to call upon the 
Lord in faith for the things which 
tbey need, and when this becomes 
a fixed and settled habit with 
them, they will grow up to be men 
and women who will have great know- 
ledge of God. 

"We were conversing with a little 
.boy the other day, and were much pleased 
|to hear him describe in his simple way a 
visit that he had made to a settlement 
about thirty miles distant from his home. The 
weather was very stormy, and there was some auxi- 
ety felt about getting back home. The little boy's 
name was John. He heard one of the teamsters 
remark, before they started to return, that the road 
was so very bad that it was almost impassable for 
teams, and he did not think they could get back 
without difficulty, and they might probably be 
compelled to stop. 

"But,'' said John, in relating to us the incidents 
of the journey, "when I heard him say that, I 
prayed to the Lord to bless us and the team that 
we might reach home safejy; and we die! not stall 
once, although other teams that were traveling with 
us stuck in the mud, and we reached home in good 
time." 

It is in single things of this kind that faith can 
be exercised by children with happy effects. John 
having had his prayer answered in this matter wHl 
have confidence to ask the Lord again, and, if he 
continues to thus pray unto the Lord, by the time 
he grows to manhood he will know that his Father 
in heaven will not refuse him any thing that he may 
ask in righteousness. 



INQUIRIES AND THEIR ANSWERS. 



We have received a communication from our 
valued contributor, Elder Wm. H. Shearman, mak- 
ing" several inquiries, for his own and others' 
benefit, which we take pleasure in answering. That 
our answers may be understood, we have placed 
them in brackets next to the questions. 

Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

As your valuable and interesting little paper is 
designed particularly for the benefit of the j uveniles 
of this Territory, perhaps you will have the kindness 
to answer a few questions upon subjects which affect 
their welfare. 

Do you consider Sunday Schools beneficial? 

[We think Sunday Schools of such great benefit 

that every person who has the future prosperity of 

Zion should take an interest in them.] 

If so, should they not be established in every set- 
tlement of the Saints? 

[No settlement should be so indifferent to the pro- 
gress and welfare of its children as to neglect so 
importaut a means of education as the Sunday 
School.] 

From which would children be likely te derive 
the most benefit — listening to instructions to adults 
which they cannot comprehend, or by attendance at 
the Sunday School where truth is simplified to their 
understanding? 

[Of course, children will obtain the most informa 

tion from addresses aud instructions especially 

adapted to their capacities aad wants. After 



awhile, it will be found that their attendance at the 

Sunday School has prepared tliem to go to meeting 

and understand the teachings which are given.] 

Is it wise to expect or require children to remain 
during a two hours' meeting for adults, after they 
have been confined in their Sunday School? 

• [This depends altogether on the strength and 
capacity for endurance of the children. As a rule, 
we would scarcely think it wise for young children 
to be subjected to such trials of their patience, as 
they might have a tendency to make the service of 
God irksome to them, and inspire an aversion that 
might be difficult for them to overcome in after 
years. In Europe, however, we have frequently 
seen the children marching in a body, with their 
teachers, from their Sunday Schools to their 
Churches and Chapels, and we believe it is the gen- 
eral practice in many places: It is said that this 
course with children confirms them in the habit of 
going to meeting. J 

As Sunday Schools are for the benefit of child- 
ren, would it be better to hold them at a time which' 
would secure the attendance of the greatest number 
of children, rather than to have a very few present 
at a less seasonable* hour, — at least until they be- 
came so interested that they would come at any 
time? 

[It would be better to hold Schools at the most 
seasonable hour; but, still, they should not be' held 
at the regular time of meeting for adults, if possi- 
ble to meet at any other time. If parents and 
children take the interest they should in Sunday 
Schools, schools can be held, without any inconve- 
nience, so early in the morning as to be ended by 
the regular time of meeting.] 

Can there be a more noble or important sphere 
of usefulness, for males or females, than is to be 
found in endeavoring to instil principles of truth in- 
to the minds of the young? 

Are not those who labor to teach and save the 
children of their own households aud neighborhoods 
doing as much good and deserving of as much honor 
and gratitude as those who go on foreign missions 
to try to benefit people they never saw' or knew 
anything about? 

[The instruction of the young is a truly noble 
employment, and one whieh is not beneath the at- 
tention of the most exalted minds. Those who, 
through their teachings, are the means of saving 
their own ' households and the children of their 
neighborhoods, are deserving of more honor than if 
they were to "compass sea and land,, to make a 
proselyte." Were we to convert hundreds of people 
in forejgn lands, and neglect our own children, we 
would still be under condemnation.] 

Would not a carefully selected library for every 
Sunday School in the Territory be a great blessing 
te both children aud parents? 

Can not concert of action be effected among all 
our Sunday Schools — by the formation of a S. S. 
Union, or some other means — in order to secure the 
best and greatest variety of books for libraries, re- 
wards, tickets, etc., at the cheapest rates? 

[A. carefully selected children's library would be 
very desirable for every settlement and ward, and 
we think concert of action can be secured for the 
accomplishment of thi3 object. We have a plan 
that we shall propose in time for action this next 
year. In the meantime, we should be pleased to re- 
ceive ideas and suggestions, on this and kindred 
points, from teachers and others who take an inter- 
est ia the welfare and advancement of the young.] 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



$Yue0 from Mature. 



THE TELESCOPE. 



Equal to Christopher Columbus in spirit, unfal- 
tering perseverance in the pursuit of his plans, and 
suffering through the ignorance and ingratitude of 
bis age, Gallileo Gallilei, an Italian astronomer, 
the inventor of the Telescope, has written his name 



with unfading letters in the record of human pro- 
gress/by opening to our astpnished sight the won- 
ders of the heavens, which, without his invention, 
would have remained forever a sealed book to many, 
and astronomy could never have become what it is 
called now — the queen of the sciences. 

Probably the most of my young readers have 
seen a spy glass or a common field telescope; this is 
the smallest form of this "kev to the heavens," and 
scarcely of any use in searching among the stars; 
for the telescope of the astronomer, of which there 
are various kinds, is a very complicated instrument, 
the proper use of which requires considerable judg- 
ment and knowledge. The largest telescope ever 
made was that of Sir John llerschel, an English as- 
tronomer during the last century, which was about 
a hundred feet long and wide enough for a man to 
creep through. It was so placed that it could be 
pointed to any part of the heavens by means of 
wheels as easily as a man points a gun. 

Now, I would not worry my young readers with 
a description of those things, nor of the way in 
which the astronomers pursue their tedious and labo- 
rious studies, which require all the energy and 
perseverance of a noble mind to bring it to even a 
Yery modcxate degree of efficiency. But their labors 
are indispensable in the great work of light, free- 
dom and truth. A few of the sweetest dainties 
however, from their garden, which they have toiled 
for centuries to cultivate, I will bring before you," 
that you may, with me, realize the truth of the say- 
ing of the Psalmist; "The heavens declare the 
glory of God and the flfmament sheweth his handi- 
work. Day unto day uttereth speech, and night 
unto night showeth knowledge. There is no speech 
nor language, where their voice is not heard." 

In looking up at the heavens you are apt to say 
that all the stars arc very much alike, only some 
shine a little brighter than others, and if a comet 
would not appear once in a while with its long tail, 
there would be no variety to be seen up there. 
But a glance through the telescope would show you 
at once sights you never dreamed of. You will 
sometimes see two stars close together, where the 
naked eye will show you only one, one of them 
moving around the other; or three thus together, 
or even four, and some of them of different colors; 
you will see objects like little white clouds, which 
in some cases have been supposed to be original 
matter just commencing to gather, being therefore 
a world in its first stage of creation; or again, 
where such clouds have concentrated already so as 
to have a little star in the center, surrounded by 
shining mat ter of various forms, which by and bye 
may perhaps condense itself into planets; or you see 
another large eloud of light which by closer observ- 
ation appears, to consist of millions of stars clustered 
together in the fashion of a spider's nest; or like 
the large star-cloud of the Orien, which varies in 
intensity of light in many places, being concentrat- 
ed into a star in some, or eatirely dispersed leaving 
an empty black spot in others. There are places on 
the heavens, where there appears to be neither star 
nor light of any kind, being perfectly black; and 
even very large bodies are for various reasons pre- 
sumed to exist without any light whatever, around 
which suns like ours revolve, like our dark planets 
around the shining sun, being therefore quite the 
opposite case. But the strangest thing of all is 
that you do not see any of these things as they really 
are now, but as they have been a long time ago — 
some thousands, some, perhaps, millions of years 
a g°— just as the light needs time to reach u& from 
those far distant regions; and the people upon them, 
if they could see our earth, would not see it as it 
now is, but as it looked just as long a time ago. 
Therefore, the heavens tell us a portion, of their 
own history, but only to show us the vanity of 
attempting to penetrate into the spaces and times of 
the worlds without end, known to Him alone whose 
wisdom fathoms them all, and whose commanding 
voice bears record of His power throughout the 



boundless universe. 



K. G. M. 



89 



THE.JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 







--^-^V---^N 



[For 'the Juvenile Instructor. 

LITTLE GEORGE IS DISAPPOINTED. 



A TRUE STORY. 



• Little George did not Hke the old nurse,, for he 
saw her cross -with a poor cripple boy, because he 
did not dress himself as quickly as the other boys. 
The boys were dressed, and began to stand two and 
two in the pathway, between the iron bedsteads, 
ready for marching somewhere. Just as the^ old 
nurse was about to give the order to march, she 
happened to spy little George, still' undressed, 
watching the boys, for he did not know that the 
same duty of dressing himself and forming into line 
was required of him; besides, he wa3 so much 
tickled to see so many boys all dressing themselves 
and standing like soldiers, without saying a word, 
that he never thought of putting on bis own 
clothes. 

The old nurse flew into a rage with him, pulled his 
hair, pinched his ears, slapped him on his back, 
and kicked him with her foot, until he became so 
frightened that he did not know what he was doing, 
and could not dress himself. One of the big boys 
had to help him to put on his clothes. When he 
was dressed he was rudely pushed to a place among 
the smallest boys an the end of the long row which 
was formed by them. 

The day before little : George had had but very 
little .to eat; the night before he had cried himself 
to sleep upon a cold stone floor, without supper, and 
was put to bed without a mother's warm, loving, 
good-night kiss, and without her parting, silent 
prayer and blessing. In the morning the boy was 
weak with hunger, and instead of meeting with a 
smile from a kind father and mother, and from 
good brothers and sisters — instead of being seated 
in his place at the breakfast table, in his own little 
chair, t© eat bread and milk with his own little 
spoon, and out of his own little cup, he was whipped 
by a strange woman for doing ao wrong, and with no 
signs of any breakfast. He had been used to hard- 
ships of that kind and did not care much about it) 
but thought he would -run away the first chance he 
got. 

At a signal from the old nurse the boys marched, 
passing through a dark room and down two flights 
of stone stairs, when they entered a big passage, 
then down five or six steps into the open air. 

As soon as little George got clear* of the lobby 
and the steps, and while the head of the column of 
boys was going down some steps into a cellar under 
the main building, he broke away and ran. Being 
naturally a strong and healthy boy, and having 
lived in the open air chiefly, jiearly all his days, he 
could run very fast, and for a long time, without 
getting tired or losing his breath. He was seen 
running away by the old nurse, and two of the big 
boys were sent after him to bring, him back. At 
the front of him were buildings, but to his great joy 
he found an opening to the right; he quickly turned 
the corner, and he thought he was. again free. His 
little heart was now light as a feather, and he ran 
on, but to his dismay a high stone wall stopped him 
in that direction. On his right at some distance 
was another wall with a door, which was- partly 
open; he entered this door and found himself in a 
large garden. On reaching the other end of the 
large garden he was stopped by another high stone 
wall. He was captured by the two boys, and drag- 
ged back to the wash room in the cellar under the 
main builfiing, where he was condemned to be pun- 
ished for running away, by being stripped naked and 
fastened in a large tub and having' a number of 
buckets of cold water thrown upon him. 

My little reader, never try to tear yourself away 
from the wholesome restraint of your parents and 



guardians. Ask their advice in all your movements. 
If you wish to go from home to visit your friends, 
seek their permission. If you wish to formfresh 
acquaintances, consult those whom you know to be 
wiser than yourself; and by your goodness, truth- 
fulness, integrity, obedience and honesty make 
yourself a center where the holiest affections of the 
human heart may lodge, where the strongest ties of 
friendship may be fastened ; then shall you walk in 
the paths of peace through a long and prosperous 
existence, and pass from your mortal life to immor- 
tal bliss. 

Uncle George. 

(to be continued ) 

— B^^^ f ii $ — I i n — 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE BOY WHO LOVED HIS MOTHEK. 




watch your dear mother's eyej and try to antici- 
pate her wishes and show how much you love her 
by trying to do what you know will please her and 
please God. 



\®tlW$W$&&'Utt'. 



We extract the following from a letter from one of our 
correspondents: 

— - April 14th. 1866. 

Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother:— It may be gratifying to you to know 
that wherever your little paper has found its way it is re- 
ceived with delight, by both young and old, and is doing a 
great deal of good. My Mttle girl calls for it to be read to 
her every night when she goes to bed, and I generally read 
it to her until she falls asleep. It will prove a most valua- 
ble auxiliary in the work of education, especially as a 
means of instilling a knowledge Of true principles into the 
minds of our children, in relation to what we have been 
accustomed to term religious matters. May it continue to 
improve and prosper, until it finds its way into every fam- 
ily in the Territory. 

~m&*4 



Many years ago there lived, in* the State of Vir- 
ginia, a little boy named George Washington, who 
loved and honored hit; mother. He was very fond 
of the sea, and when he was about fifteen years of 
age he had engaged to go on board a man-of-war — 
that is a ship that carries cannons, and soldiers, to 
fight — as a midshipman. He had sent his trunk on 
board, and was about to follow himself; but when 
he turned to take leave of his mother, although she 
did not say a word to dissuade him from going, he 
saw that she was deeply pained at his leaving her 
and would much rather that he staid at home. So 
he promptly gave up his own feelings and wishes, 
told the men to bring his trunk back, and concluded 
to stay on the land as his mother wished. Instead 
of being a sailor he learned to be a surveyor; while 
still a very young man he became a Colonel in the' 
British army, and, when the war broke out between 
the colonies Qf America and the mother country, he 
was made commander-in-chief of the American 
armies, and was henceforth known as General 
Washington. He was a man of great perseverance, 
energy and powers of endurance; he never gave up 
to despondency, even in the darkest -hour, and 
always had strong confidence in the justice and ulti- 
mate success of the cause he was fighting for. He 
succeeded, with the help- of his brave soldiers, in 
defeating the British armies and establishing the 
independence of his country^ the United States of 
America, of which he was made the first President. 

Now it does not follow that George Washington 
became so great and distinguished a man simply 
because he loved his mother and respected her 
wishes and feelings; but we do know that God has 
commanded children to honor their parents, and has 
promised that those who do shall be blessed with 
long life aud all that is necessary for their happi- 
ness. Besides, little, boys and girls who love and 
obey their parents, are generally good in every 
other respect, aud make worthy, useful and respect- 
ed members of society. 

Do any of our little readers want to become hap- 
py and useful men and women, and to be an honor 
and comfort to their fathers and mothers? "Yes/' 
you all cry. 

Then do not wait for them to tell you twice to do 
anything, nor pout and look cross when asked to 
do something that does not quite please you; but 



Truth is of holy and heavenly origin; it contains 

the germ of immortality and must triumph ; for 

'Truth crushed to earth shall rise again, 

The eternal years of God are hers; 
While error wounded, writhes in pain, 
■ And dies amid her worshippers." 

■ Time is the stuff that life is made" of, use it all, 
and use it well. 

Always be good natnred. A few drops of oil 
will do more to start the most stubborn" machinery 
than all the vinegar in the world . 

Get justly, use soberly, distribute cheerfully, 
and liv8 contentedly. 



Long and Short Days. — At Berlin and Lon- 
don, the longest day has sixteen hours and a half; 
at Stockholm it has eighteen aud a half hours; at 
Hamburg, seventeen hours, and the shortest seven ; 
at St. Petersburg, the longest day has nineteen, 
and the shortest five hours; at Tornea, in Finland, 
•the longest day has twenty-one hours and a half, 
and the shortest two hours and a half; at Wander- 
hus, in Norway, the day lasts from the 21st of May 
to the 22d of July; and at Spitzbcrgen, the longest 
day is three months and a half. 

* < ^»»— 



The following have correctly answered the 
Kiddle in No. 6; the answer is Jordan River: — 
Wrn. Grimsdell; Serge Stenhouse; Arianiah 
Mecham; Melissa Riggs; Pauline E. Brown; 
Mary De la Mare; Eleanor Woodbury; Cynthia 
Porter; Thomas Jenkins. 

I 1 "'I mi*^>j»^3B»— 

CHARADE. 

BY MELISSA BIGGS. 

I am composed of 12 letters. 
My 7. 9. 2. 7. 9. 11 is the name of a Prophet. 
My 9. 5. 3. 9. is a State in the Union. • 
My 11. 3. G. 12. 6. 2. 6. a river in America. 
My 6. 2. 7. is a part of the human body. 
My 4. 10. 7. is ^hat little children like. 
My 1. 9. 8. is what ought to be in every family. 
My whole is a person well known in America. 

Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. 
On the First and Mfteentlb of every Month. 

:o: 

GEOBGE Q. CANNON, Editor. 

:o: 

TERMS-ALWAYS IN ADVANCE, 

Single Copy, for Six Months $1 50 

Single Copy, per Annum 3 00 

Ten Copies, per Annum, furnished to Clubs 

and Agents 27 00 

Where grain and other articles are paid on subscriptions, 
they will be rceived at cash market rates where they are 
paid in. It is expected where Agents forward names they 
will be responsible for the papers thus ordered; and when 
cash payments are' made they will please forward them 
with the letter containing the names of the subscribers. 

Elder Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General 
Agent for Cache Valley. 

Grain brought to this city for the Jttyenile Instructor 
will be received, for the present, at the General Tithing 
Office; care should be taken to state on what account it is 
paid in. 

Bishops and other influential men will oblige by aiding 
in increasing the subscription of the Juvenile Instructor. 

No pains will be spared to make this paper, both in 
matter and appearance, worthy of the patronage of every 
parent in the Territory, 



