IK 



1/ i 



■^^^ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1870. 



NO. 12. 



THE -A-O-OTJTI. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 



WE have here a picture, to-day, of two very pretty 
little animals, that are somewhat like our well known 
domestic pet the guinea pig, yet in some of their habits 
they so much resemble the hare and rabbit that the name 
of the South American rabbit, has occasionally been given 
them, as that continent is their home, throughout which 
they are found in great numbers. The name of this little 
creature is the Agouti. 

You will notice one strange thing about these animals, 
they have no tails, or if they have, they are so short that 
they are entirely covered by the hair of their bodies. 
They are very hungry 
animals, and will eat 
anything and every- 
thing that comes in 
their way; when they 
have had enough, like 
dogs or foxes, they will 
hide what they cannot 
eat until another time. 
The food they like 
best consists of vegeta- 
bles, yams, and the 
fruits which fall In 
autumn ; they are also 
"heavy" on sugar cane, 
making them especial 
enemies of the planters 
who use every means to 
catch and destroy them. 
This is rapidly reducing 
their numbers, and al- 
though they are still 
very numerous in most 
places which are not 
settled and cultivated, yet their number cannot be com- 
pared to what it was long after the first colonists from 
Europe took possession of the West India Islands. 

If you look at the picture you will at once see, that the 
hind legs of this creature are very much longer than the 
fore legs. This enables it to run and jump with consider- 
able swiftness. It uses its fore paws in the same manner 
as a squirrel does, to convey the food to its mouth ; see, 
one is just doing so in the picture, and he looks much 
more comfortable than the other one who is standing on 
all his four legs. 

These creatures mostly live in holes near the roots of 
trees or other recesses which they find ready prepared, or 



which they dig out themselves. In such places, or in. 
holes in the trees themselves they delight to hide, for they 
are nearly defenceless, when attacked by stronger or 
swifter animals. Their flesh is white and tender, and 
when fat and well cooked, is said to be quite nice. 

There are several animals that very much resemble the 
Agouti. There is the little Acouehi, considerably smaller 
than the Agouti. This little creature looks something 
like a mouse, with legs shaped like the Agouti. That is 
I he fore legs are much shorter than the hind ones. It is 
of ft H^-^n olive color, and like the animals it so much 

resembles, has only the 
rudimen ts of a tail. 
That is there is the com- 
mencement of a tail, 
but not enough to be 
seen. Its home is in 
the woods of Guiana, 
in South America. Its 
disposition is mild and 
gentle, and it is very 
timid. Its food con- 
sists of nuts, almonds 
and other vegetable sub- 
stances. Altogether it 
is quite a little pet. 

There is one Kind of 
the Agouti that is con- 
siderably larger and 
more elegant than any 
of the others. It is cal- 
led the Mara, or Pata- 
gonian Cavy, because 
it is found in Patagonia, 
which country yon can 
find on your maps in the extreme south of South 
America. This animal feeds and roams about by day, 
often wandering, with one or two companions, miles even 
leagues, away from its home. In this it differs from most 
other animals that burrow ; as they generally stay near 
their holes. Its character is sly and watchful. 

Then there is the Paca, another animal like the Agouti, 
but somewhat difierent in its habits and structure. But 
the shape of its head, legs and body Is very much the 
same. It has also just the stump of a tail and no more. 
It lives in the woods of South America, generally near 
some body of water. Its home is in burrows, which it 
digs out. These are sometimes so near the surface of the 




'^;^^ 







Cr U "V E I<r I Xj E IITSTI2/TJOTOI2/ 



■^^^ 






I 



ground, that persons walking over them are apt to fall 
through. There are generally three oi)enings to each of 
tliese burrows, which the Paca takes care to cover with 
dry leaves and branches. They not only are good at bur- 
rowing, but are first-rate swimmers, and though generally 
pretty fat and clumsy, they can run and jump with 
agility. You know how the long hind legs of the grass- 
hoppers and locusts enable them to hop; so just on the 
same principle, the long, strong hind legs of this animal 
enable it to jump. 

In size, the Paca is about two feet long from the tip of 
its nose to the stump of its tail, and about one foot in 
height. When all is quiet in its burrow, it is in the habit 
of sitting up on its hind legs and w.ishing its head and 
whiskers with its two fore paws, wetting them with its 
tongue, just as a cat does. It is easily tamed, is very clean 
in its Jiabits, and appears to be quite contented when kept 
in a cage. The way these creatures are caught is by stop- 
ping up two of the holes of their burrows (you remember 
we told you just now that each burrow has three open- 
ings) and then digging up the third. It often happens 
that on these occasions the Paca will make a determined 
resistance, and severely bite the hunter. 

When we look around us and see the number of animals 
that we are acquainted with, or read of the many thou- 
sands we never see here, that dwell in other lands and 
climes, does it not surprise us that God should have 
creat«d such a diversity, so many different kinds, nearly 
all of which, as the companions of man, as beasts of 
burden, as food, or as wool and hair producing animals, 
in some way or other are useful to men? These little crea- 
tures we have been writing about to-iiay, if good for 
nothing else, make excellent food for the natives of 
the countries in which they dsvell. So with almost 
every other creature God has given us, if not of use 
to us in one way they are in some other. Many 
are useful both when living and dead. All were made 
for the benefit of man; all are gifts of his Heavenly 
Father. Then how cruel is the child, how ungrate- 
ful to God, who will abuse and illtreat any of these 
creatures, which atlbrd us so many blessings, yet often 
require our care. To abuse our domestic animals, to wan- 
tonly neglect them, to treat them with cruelty, is a sin 
with which the Lord is angry, and none of us may expect 
much of His favor, who possesses these blessings and 
abuses them. The complaints of the injured horse, the 
abused ass, the illtreated ox, though not understood by us, 
will most surely reach the Throne on High. G. B. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



^^titilslcii of Sanimoii ^J^lnjis. 



1 



(3-OXjID-A.XJK.TJ Ib/L. 

(Continued.) 



TIIKUE are many modes of gilding, or of covering the 
surface of the inferior metals with gold. One simjile 
method is that pursued by tlie wire gilder who prepares 
wire for making gold lace. He completely covers a wedge 
of silver with gold, making a difference in tlie quantity 
used, according to the richness of the lace to be made. 
This wedge is then drawn into wire, and as the wire 
increases in length, the gold diminishes in thickness. 
Btiil, so great is the <livisibility of the gold particles that 
draw the silver wire into threads as line as a hair, the rich 



color of the gold still remains. It is almost impossible to 
prove the exact thickness of the gold when the wire is 
thus drawn out for lace making. To make this kind of 
wire cover more space, it is then passed through "flatting 
mills," by which means the thread becomes a ribbon of 
silver-gilt wire. The next artifice resorted to, is to spin 
the wire on silk thread to give it thickness. The silk 
used is dyed a rich yellow color, which heightens the 
effect, by imparting additional brilliance to the lace when 
made. The manufactureof silk thread for laceisa business 
distinct from that of lace making, so is that of spinning 
on the gold covering. Epaulets, for officers of rank, lace 
for embroidering, for brocade and tassels, are not always 
made of silver-gilt thread, copper is gilt with a thin 
film of gold; this kind of thread is known as "tinsel." 
It is important to know the difference between the silver 
and copper lace. Those familiar with these matters can 
tell the difference by the color, also by the peculiar odor, 
for copper and gold smells very different to silver. The 
Jews are very ready to detect the difference by an inge- 
nious method tney hold the article on the tip of the linger 
and rub it on any hard substance, this removes the gold 
covering and exposes the metal beneath. Many of the 
boys caps sold liere have lace on them that is worthless, 
it is tarnished as soon as worn; the copper is oxidized, 
and the lustre is gone. Large quantities of gold thread 
are made in the London factories for the East India 
markets, put up in skeins weighing a few ounces each, 
instead of putting it on reels, thereby saving the expense 
of freight. The amount expended in India for braiding 
purposes is enormous; the wealthy classes are frequently 
dressed in garments that are literally covered with gold. 
Articles of gold lace made in India command higher 
prices in London than those made there, not that the lace 
is better, it ie frequently put together in a very loose man- 
ner, but there is an appearance about oriental manufac- 
tures that makes them sought after. 

The divisibility of gold is really wonderful, a grain of 
that metal dissolved in aqua reqia may be absorbed into 
the substance of a piece of cotton wool and then burnt. 
The black powder left after burning may then be rubbed 
over a surface of several square inches, which will com- 
pletely cover it with gold. A grain of gold may be spread 
over the surface of a watch case, and then burnished, it 
will then so completely resemble the real metal that no 
one can detect the difference by the appearanee. But in 
nothing is there so much deception as in jewelry. Gold 
can be alloyed with other metals to any extent, and yet 
resemble gold in color. This was discovered years ago. 
Hence, to prevent fraud, legislative enactments have been 
made, requiring certain marks to be put upon articles of 
gold and silver. But other metals are used, the public 
sale of worthless trash is common in every city. The 
"hall mark," as the st«nip is called, is no criterion to rely 
on, it is really necessary to know who the vender is; if he 
is honest he will sell that which he professes to sell. 

There is a certain standard for gold used for coin, and 
also for jev.elry and plate. The terms used to designate 
the degree of fineness are the number of carats fine. That 
means, how many parts are fine gold in twenty-four 
carats. The term "carat" is an imaginary weight, if we 
were to say the projiortional weight, it would convey the 
correct idea. 

Thus, when we see the number 12, or 18, or 22, on a 
genuine "hall mark," it means that twelve parts out of 
twenty-four are fine gold; eighteen parts or twenty-two 
out of twenty four. So that twelve carats fine is one half 
alloy, eighteen carats one quarter alloy, twenty-two is 
twenty-two parts out of twenty-four, or eleven out of 
twelve parts pure gold. In buying wedding rings this 



1 




B^^^ 



J" TJ "V E IsT I H. E in^STI?.TJCTOI?/, 



91 



is important to notice, and In any otlier valuable article, 
for ill notliinj; is tiie buyer so much at the mercy of the 
seller as in buy'ng jewelry. 

"But it looks so good!" Looks must never be relied 
on alone, "all is not gold that glitters." There are ladies 
wearing tawdry rubbish that is worse than worthless; it is 
corroding in their ears or soiling their fingers; the ''gems" 
are false like the metal they are set in. They were made 
to deceive the ignorant, and enrich the dishonest seller, or 
to gratify the morbid love of display that characterizes the 
vain and thoughtless. 

And what is gold, that it should be so much sought 
after, and that even the appearance of possessing it should 
be so desirable? It is one of the elements that does far 
less to serve the true interests of man than any other. A 
particle of iron may oxidize and unite to other elements 
to join in the endless round of nature's busy operations; 
but gold does not aid in these to any extent. Still gold is 
nought after, and while it is so, it is well for us to know 
its sources, how it is obtained, and its uses. 

Beth. 



iA.TSsx(Di<rji>^:Rir sicetchies. 



ON the Monday morning I returned to Lahaina and 
received a warm welcome from the brethren. They 
were much interested in the recital of the incidents of my 
trip. From that time, liowever, I stayed but little there. 
Much as I liked the society of the elders, I could not be 
content there, for I felt I ought to be among the natives, 
trying to teach them the principles of the gospel, and 
there seemed to be a better opening for this work in other 
places than at Lahaina. There being none of the elders 
on the Island of Oahu, it was decided that Elders Bigler 
and Farrer should go there instead of to the island of 
Molokai. When they sailed for that island, which they 
did in a few weeks, brother James Keeler was left alone 
with no one to converse with in English, unless he occa- 
sionally met a white man. This gave him a better oppor- 
tunity of acquiring the language than he had when we 
were all there. After some weeks he also was led to leave 
there and to travel around the island until he found a 
people who were willing to receive him and ihe principles 
which he taught. 

When the Presbyterian missionary at Wailuku saw that 
I had come back there he was displeased. He used all 
his influence against me among his congregation, and one 
Sunday he came out in public and delivered a most 
abusive discourse against the prophet Joseph and our 
principles, in whicli he gave an entirely false statement of 
the cause of his death, and also warned the people against 
me. I happened to be present when tliis sermon was 
delivered. Wiiile listening to it a variety of emotions 
agitated me. My first impulse was to jump on one of the 
seats as soon as he had got through, and tell the people he 
had told them a pack of falsehoods. But this I thought 
would produce confusion, and produce no good. When 
the services were over I walked around to the jjulpit 
where he stood. He knew how short a time we had been 
on the islands, and, I believed, had no idea that I could 
understand what he had said; when he saw me, therefore, 
his face turned pale, and to me he looked like a man who 
had been caught in a mean, low act. I told him I wanted 
to give him correct information respecting the things he 
had told the people that morning, that he might remove 
the effect of the lies which he had repeated to them; for, 
I said, they were base lies, and I was a living witness that 






they were. He said he did not believe they were lies, and 
he should not tell the people anything difTerent to what ' 
he had said; he thought he had but done his duty, and if 
the people had been warned against Mahomet in nis day, 
he would not have got so many disciples. I bore him a 
solemn testimony respecting the prophet Joseph and the 
truth of the work, and said that I would stand as a wit- 
ness against him at the judgment seat of God, for having 
told that people lies and for refusing to tell them the truth 
when it had been shown to him. Much more was said, 
for our conversation lasted about half an hour, and while 
we conversed many of the congregation, some of whom 
understood English, crowded around. 

This was the first occurrence of the kind in my ex- 
perience in which I was personally prominent, and it 
had an importance in my eyes whicli it would scarcely 
have were it to happen to-day. One of those who listened 
to and understood this conversation was a brother-in-law 
of Napela's, a half-white and a circuit Judge and a lead- 
ing man on that Island. He gave a report of the conver- 
sation which was very favorable to me, and altogether I 
think the missionary's sermon did good. He intended it 
for evil ; but the Lord overruled it as he does all the plots 
and acta of the wicked for the advancement of his pur- 
poses. The Lord gave me favor in the sight of the 
natives, and I had their sympathy, though they dare not 
avow it for fear of the consequences. Another reason of 
the sermon not having so good an effect was the preacher's 
allusions lo Napela. He had called him by name, as the 
man at whose house I stopped, and denounced him. This, 
of course, was distasteful to Napela's relatives and friends, 
many of whom were present. Thus this man who 
fought in this manner against the work of God, did not 
prosper as he expected neither then nor afterwards. The 
Lord has said in one of the revelations to His servants: 

"Verily, thus saith the Lord unto you. there is no weapoa 
that is formed a^Hinst you shall prosper; and if any man 
shall lift bis voice against you, be shall be confounded ia 
mine own due time." 

I have found every word of this to be true. 

Napela was not frightened by what the missionary had 
said. He was threatened with removal from his judge- 
ship and with being cut off from their church ; but he 
manifested no disposition to have me leave his house. 
The pressure, however, Anally became so strong through 
the continued efforts of the preacher, that I thought it 
would be wiser for me to withdraw from Wailuku for 
awhile. I felt for Napela, for he had a heavy opposition 
to contend with, and I thought that if I went elsewhere, 
the persecution would not be so severe. There was a 
place called Kida (which means a country near the base 
of a mountain) where there were a few scattered villages, 
about eighteen miles from Wailuku, to which I was led 
to go. It was rather an out of the way place, though just 
before I went there a brisk trade in Irish potatoes, which 
grew spontaneously in that region, hud been carried on ; 
the people hauling them from there to a small port not 
far distant in carts. These potatoes were carried in 
schooners to California to supply the gold diggers. But 
they were of a poor quality, and when tlie farmers of 
California began to raise th^m the trade ceased. The 
business had begun to fall off when I went there. I 
stopped at the house of a man by the name of Pake, who 
had charge of Napela's affairs in the KiUa, and to whom 
he had given me a letter of introduction when he found 
that I had determined to go there. He received me very 
kindly, also a man by the name of Maiola, whom I had 
met in Wailuku. He was a deacon in the Presbyterian 
Church. 

{To be continued.) 



f,^ 



I 



s^?; 



9S 



0" TJ "V" E ITI Xj E IIsTSTI^TJOTOie/- 



'^^l^ 



^^t itttifttilf itisttttcloi!. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JUNE 11, ISTO. 




AREXT8 among tlie ancient Hebrews 
held it as a rule for all parents to teach 
their children .some branch of industry. 
Among them, labor was always honorable. 
No man was a.shamed of his trade. We 
read in the Test:imeut that Paul worked 
with liis own hands for his support; he 
was a tent-maker. Yet Paul was a man 
of some position among tlie Jews before he 
joined the church and became a disciple of 
Jesus, and had received a good education. It 
is a great help to any boy to learn a trade, and 
especially so iuuoug the I^atter-day Saints; for so 
many changes occur that one cannot tell to-day 
what he may be reiiuired to do to-mon'ow. Many 
boys and young men think it a verj- nice business to 
be clerks in stores; it is so genteel; the labor is not 
heavy, and they can dress so much better than if 
they worked out of doors; but, let .such a one be 
called on a mi.ssion to Pixie, or to some other new settlement, 
where they do not want storekeepers, but hard working men, 
he then finds himself in difficulty. The boy who has learned 
to work at manual labor, and has a useful trade, feels quite 
at home in such a place. He is a valuable addition to the 
settlement, and can easily earn a good living. Heretofore, our 
Territory has been supplied with mechanics by the coming in 
of the emigration from the .States and the countries of Europe; 
and but few men who have been brought up here have applied 
themselves to learn trades. But instead of depending entirely 
on the emigration for mechanics, would it not be much better 
for our boys and yo\uig men to strive to learn .some branch of 
skilled labor? It would never be any injury to them, even if 
they did not wish to follow it when they grow uj), and it might 
be of great value to them. Our Savior was a mechanic, and, 
without doubt, a good one, too. He did not think it beneath 
him to work at the carpenter's bench. We all know that the 
knowledge of mechanism, which Prcsidant Young obt;iined in 
early life, has been of great value to him since he became the 
leader of the i)eople. The b(jys who Icaru trades may not be 
able to dress so well, talk so glibly, or bow as gracefully as 
the boys who are clerks: but are they any less hoUDrable or 
useful? W'c think not and, a.s you grow older, buys, you will 
find that our views are correct. 



T'HEHE are two traditions that have been handed down to 
^ -jur times respecting the Asjicn tree, or as it is called in 
thi."! country, the Cjuaking Aspen. You have all, doubtles.s, 
noticed the leave.t of tlu.s tree, how they quake or tremble, 
even when there is no wind. The.se traditions try to acc(junt for 
this movement of the leiives of this tree when the leaves of all 
the other trees arc perfectly still. ()iieof the tra<litii)tis is to 
the effect that once when our Savior went through a wood all 
the trees bowed down and adori-d him. but the i)roud a>)ien 
woulii not acknowlcdgi' him as hiT L'lrd and .Miister; and .so 
ever from that time she has trembled as with the jirickiugs of 



I a guilty conscience, and so, says the tradition, must she ever 
continue to tremble. 

Another tradition is, that the cross on which our Lord was 
crucified Vras tuadc of the wood of the aspen, and ever since 
that time the leaves have not ceased to quiver, as if the tree 
were more in .sympathy with the Lord than the cruel men who 
nailed him to the cross. An English poetess, Mrs. Hemans, 
alludes to this tradition in some lines Which she composed; 
"The cross, the blessed cross, whereon 
The meek H'j.leemer bowed his head to death 
Was I'rauied of iispeu wood ; aud since that hour, 
Through all its race, the pale tree bath seul down 
A thrilling consciousness, a secret awe, 
Making tbeui tremulous when not a breeze 
Disturbs the airy thistle-down, or .shakes 
The lit;ht lines of the shining g.ssamer." 
Another wiiter has also written poetry on the subject of this 
tradition. In making preparations for the crucifixion, the 
tradition says, men, armed with axes, went into the forest 
looking for a suitable tree of which to make the cross; they 
"Passed by many a tree inajeslio — 

Cypress grove and olive wood — 

Till they came where in the thicket 

Fair and proud the aspen stood. 

" 'This will serve: we choose the aspen, 

For its stem is strong and high, 
For the cross on which to-morrow 

Must a malefactor die.' 

"In the air did listening spirits 

Shrink those men to hear and see, 
And with awful voice they whisper, 

'Jesus 'tis of Galilee.' 

"The aspen heard them, and she trembled— 

Trembled at that fearful sound — 
As they bowed her down, and dragged her 

Slowly from the forest ground. 

"On the morrow stood she trembling 

At the awful weight she bore, 
When the sun in midnight blackness 

Darkened on Judea's shore. 

"Still, when not a breeze is stirring, 

When the mist sleeps on the hill. 
And aU other trees are moveless, 

Stands she ever trembling still." 

The trembling of the leaves of the aspen is very remarkable. 
Asjien trees arc very plentiful in this country, and you will 
doubtless often see them; whenever you do, you will probably 
remember these singular traditions, which profess to give the 
reason for the ((uaking of their leaves. It is for this purpose 
we relate them. Both of these traditions cannot be true, and 
it is very likely that neither of them arc; for other traditions 
say that the cross on which our Savior died was made of other 
kinds of wood. But whatever the kind of wood of which the 
cross was made, makes but little difference. It was made; the 
Lord Jesus was cruelly crucified upon it; His precious blood 
w.is shccl; the atonement was made, and mankind is redeemed, 
and will be resurrected from the dead. 



%^^-^ 



ICIlTIDlSrESS. 



Wide is God's gro»t world around US, 
U loin eiioui^h for all to live; 

Mar no croAiuro'.s brinf enj>»y inent — 
Take not what you cannot give. 

Ever let your heart be tender, 
For the innto an<l helpless plead: 

I'itying lead to i)ronipl relieving, 
Kindly thought, to kindly deed. 



■^^ 






!.ig^^ 



a"D" ^E:tTII-.E IIsrSTI^/TJGTOI^, 



93 






^ 



\ » 



T EC E I?.^ T. 







tJR readers who were born and brought up In these 
mountains never saw aa animal like that in the pic- 
ture which we give them to-day. Tliere are no such 
animals in this country. It is the rat, which in many 
cou n tries is a^s 
numerous as mice 
afe here. When- 
ever they are found 
they are great 
pests, as they are 
very destructive. 
lu countries where 
tlie Sugar-cane 
grows t li e y are 
sometimes so 
numerous, that 
they come down 
in large bodies, and 
either entirely des- 
troy or do an im- 
mense amount of 
da mage to the 
crops. In such 
countries the 
planters keep Ter- 
rier dogs, wh i c li 
are great enemies 
to rats, and will 
kill them with 
great ease. 

In some countries* 
places are buill 
which are called 
rat-pita. This is ; 
circular enclosure 
so built that rats cu i 
be turned in with 
out any possibilit; 
of escaping. Inl' 
this ratswhich hav. 
been caught i i 
cages are let loose 
and a terrier is put 
in with them for 
the purpose of test- 
ing his powers at killing' them. The spectators sit and 
stand around to watch the proceedings. Tliere is a low 
and brutal class of people who tliiiik tliis great sport, and 
they make bets on their favorite dogs. The dog, of course, 
that kills the greatest number of rats, in the shortest time 




being considered the best dog. IMen mnst be very cruel 
who can call such proceedings sport, and take any plea- 
sure tlierein. The rat is a disagreeable animal, but 
it is not right to torture him in this manner. The pic- 
ture which we give 
here, will illustrate 
the cunning and 
sagacity of the rat. 
They are very cun- 
ning creatures and 
a great many anec- 
dotes are told of 
their sagacity. You 
know that where 
machinery is run 
it cannot be kept 
in order and run 
smoothly without 
oil. This oil is 
usually kept in a 
bottle and is hung 
near the machinery 
to be oiled. On one 
occasion some 
work m en had a 
bottle hung in this 
manner in a shop. 
They noticed that 
the oil disappeared 
very rapidly 
through the night. 
They could not ac- 
count for it. They 
thought it must be 
by rats, as they are 
very fond of oil ; 
but they could not 
conceive how they 
could get it out of 
the bottle, as the 
neck was quite 
small. Tiiey were 
puzzled, and, to 
satisfy themselves 
they determined to 
watch. They saw a big, old rat climb to the place where 
the bottle hung, but instead of trying to put his nose in 
the bottle, he inserted his tail, which he contrived to 
lick and then put it back again until he had got all the 
oil he wanted. 



THE SISTEKy, 



NO household is complete without a sister. She gives 
the finish to the tamily. A sister's love, a sister's in- 
fluence! what can be more hallowed? A sister's watchful 
ftire! cau anything be more tender? A sister's kindness? 
does the world show us anything more pure? Who 
would live without a sister? A sister that is a sister in 
ttdelity, in purity, in love, is a sort of guardian in the 
home circle. Her presence condemns vice. She is the 
quickener of good resolutions, the sunshine in the path- 
way of home. To every brother she is alight and life. 
Her heart is his treasure-house of confidence. In her lie 
finds a fast friend, a charitable, forgiving, tender, tliougli 
often a severe frienJ. In her he tiuds a ready companion. 
Her sympathy is open as day, and sweet as the fragrance 



of flowers. We pity th 3 brother who has no sister — no 
sister's love. ^Ve feel sorry for a home that is not enliv- 
ened by a sister's jiresence. A sister's ottice is a noble and 
gentle one. It is her's to persuade to virtue and to win to 
wisdom's ways, gently to lead where duty calls. To 
guard the cita lei of home with the sleepless vigilance of 
virtue. To be a sister is to hold a sweet place in the 
heart of home. It is to minister in a holy place. Let 
every sister meditate on what she is, and what she ought 
to be; on her otlioe, her duty, her pleasure, her life. It 
is her's to be a model and set an example of innocence, 
virtue, cheerfulness, patience and forbearance ; to be the 
smile and light of home and the circle of loved ones.— 
Seiected, 




Q4= 



CrTJ"V^EliTILE in^STI^TJOTOI^. 



SBiopajp^ll* 






THIE 







FTER this conversation Brother 
Wheelock prepared to visit the prison. 
The morning was a little rainy and 
he wore an overcoat, in the side 
pocket of which he carried a six- 
shooting pistol, one of the kind now 
known as the pepper-box. He passed 
the guard unmolested, and while in the 
prison, he slipped the revolver into 
Joseph's pocket. Joseph examined it, 
id asked him if he had not better retain it 
ir his own protection. This was a provi- 
?ntial circumstance, as most other persons 
id been closely searched. Joseph had a 
Dgle-barreled pistol which Brother John 
Fullmer had given him ; this he handed 
to his brother Hyrum, and said. 

"You may have use for this." Brother Hyrum 
observed, "I hate to use such Ihlogs, or to see tbeni 
^ used." "So do I," said Joseph, "but we may have 
*^ to, to defend ourselves;" upon this Hyrum look 
the pistol. 

Joseph wrote an encouraging letter to his wife, which 
he sent by Brother Wheelock ; he also intrusted him with 
a verbal request to the commander of the Legion to avoid 
all military display and everything that would be likely 
to produce excitement while the Governor was at Nauvoo. 
He was specially charged to use all the influence he pos- 
sessed to have the brethren and friends of Joseph remain 
perfectly calm and quiet, if they respected the well being 
of their prophet and patriarch. In speaking upon this 
Joseph said: 

"Our lives have already become jeopardized by revealing 
the wicked and bloodthirsty purposes of our enemies ; aud 
tor the future we must cease to do so. All we have said about 
them is trucb, but U is not always wise to relate all the truth. 
Kvea Jesus, tha Son ot God, had to refrain from doing so, and 
to restrain his feeliugs many times for the safety of himself 
and followers, and had to conceal the righteous purposes of 
his heart in relation to many tilings pertaining to his Father's 
kingdom. When quite a boy be bad all the intelligence 
necessary to enable nim to rule and govern the kingdom of 
the Jews, and could reason wiili the wisest and most profound 
docters of law and divinity, and make their theories and 
practice to appear like lolly compared with the wisdom he 
possessed ; but he was a boy only, and lacked physical 
strength even to defend his own person, and was subject to 
cold, to hunger, and to death. So it is with the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ; we have the revelations of 
Jesus, and the knowledge within us is suthuieut to organize a 
righteous governmeut upon the earth, and to give universal 
peace to all mankind, if they would receive it; but we lack 
the physical strength, as did our Savior when a child, to 
defend our principles, aud we have of necessity to be afflicted, 
persecuted, and smitten, and to bear it patiently until Jacob 
u oj age ; tben he will take care of himself." 

The prisoners sent several messages by Brother Whee- 
lock to their families. They were so numerous that Dr. 
Richards proposed writing them all down, fearing that 
they might be forgotten; but Hyrum fastened his eyes 
upon him, and with a look of penetration, said. 

"Brother Wheelock will remember all we tell him, and will 
never forget the occurences of this day." 

He also took the list of witnesses' names that were 
wanted for the expected trial on Saturday. 

During the day Joseph related a dream which he had 
had the night previous. We give it as we find it recorded 

ill his history: 



"I was back in Kirklan.i, Ohio, and thought I would take a 
walk out by myself, and view my old farm, which I found 
grown up with weeds and brambles, and altogether bearing 
evidence of neglect and want of culture. I went into the barn, 
which 1 found without floor or doors, with the weather- 
boarding off, aud was altogtther in keeping with tbe farm. 

"While I viewed the desolation around me, and Was contem- 
plating how It might be recovered from tbe corse upon it, 
there came rushing into the barn a compapy of furious men 
who commenced to pick a quarrel with me. 

"Tbe leader of the party ordered me to leave the barn and 
the farm, stating it was none of mine, that I must give up all 
hope of ever possessing it. 

"I told him the farm was given me by the Church, and al- 
though I had not had any use of it for some time back, still I 
had not sold it, and according to righteous principles it be- 
longed to me or the Church. 

"He then grew furious, and began to rail upon me and 
threaten me, and said it never did belong to me nor tbe 
Church. 

"I then told him that I did not think it worth coDtendlDg 
about, that I had no desire to live upon it in its present state, 
and if he thought he had a better rigbt I would not quarrel 
with him about it but leave; but my assurance that I would 
not trouble blm at present did not seem to satisfy him, as he 
seemed determined to quarrel with me, and threatened me 
with the destruction of my body. 

"While he was thus engaged pouring out his bitter words 
upon me, a rabble rushed in and nearly filled the barn, dr«w 
out their knives, and began to quarrel among themselves for 
the premises, and for a moment forgot me, at which time I 
took the opportunity to walk out of the barn about up to my 
ancles in mud. 

"When I was a little distance from the barn I beard them 
screeching and screaming in a very distressed manner, as it 
appeared tbey had engaged in a general fight with their 
knives. While they were thus engaged the dream or vision 
ended." 

It seems impossible that Governor Ford could have 
been ignorant of the design to kill Joseph and Hyrixm. 
As we have shown, he was told repeatedly that their lives 
had been threatened ; that plots had been formed to des- 
troy them , but he was determined not to believe anything 
of the kind ; at least, if he did believe it, he pretended 
that he did not. After carefully examining all the evi- 
dence, it appears very clear that he must have been 
accjuainted with the entire plot, for all his actions were so 
arranged as to favor the carrying of it out. Among others 
who warned him of the conspiracy which was on foot to 
take the lives of Joseph and Hyrum, was John P. Greene, 
the City Marshal of Nauvoo. He learned that it was the 
Governor's intention to visit Nauvoo, and to leave only 
the Carthage Greys to guard the jail, when advantage 
was to be taken of his absence, and the mob was to 
murder Joseph and Hyrum. When he told this to Ford, 
he replied: "Marshal Greene, you are too enthusiastic." 
(To 6e co«<m«ed.) 



THE 






From "Triumphs or Invention and Discoa'bbt." — 
Published by T. Nelson & Hons, London. 



OF all the great enterprises of the world, none have been 
so enthusiastically taken up, so ably and resolutely 
prosecuted, and so tardily accomplished, as the discovery 
of the "North-west Passage." For more than three 
centuries successive generations of brave and skilful navi- 
gators have given themselves to the work. To the grand 
old seamen of Elizabeth's reign, it was "the one thing 
left undone whereby a great mind might become notable ;" 
and Martin Frobisher, and many another stout hearted 
navigator set forth to exhaust the last source of human 
di.'itinction, by clearing a passage to Cathay through the 
dark Arctic seas. From the earliest researches of John 
Cabot at the end of the fifteenth centurv, to the present 



^5^:s»' 




G" TJ ^ E 3Sr I 31. E insrSTIE^TJOTOI^ 



95 






'M^' 



\SL 



time, there have been about 130 expeditions, illustrated 
by 250 books and printed documents, of which no 
fewer than 150 have been issued in England. But the 
grim Jotuns of the Pole kept jealous guard over the 
mystery of their land, and with awful battery of crashing 
icebergs waged battls to the death with all invaders. The 
labors of two generations of seamen and travellers, the 
sacrifice of a hundred lives, were required to pierce within 
the veil, and when at length the secret was won the victor 
perished in the hour of triumph. Twenty-two years ago 
the Nortli-west Passage — in the interval worked out in a 
different way by M'Clure — was discovered by Sir John 
Franklin ; but it was only in the autumn of 1859 that the 
news reached England. 

From the discoveries of M'Clintock and Hobson, we 
can now follow the track of Franklin and liis companions 
as they hastened to their doom. In the spring ot 1845 the 
Erebus and Terror, with a gallant company of a hundred 
and thirty-four men, left the shores of England for the 
far north. "I wish I could convey to you," says the last 
letter of one of the officers, written as the ships were 
passing into the fatal seas, "a just idea of the immense 
stock of good feeling, good humor, and real kindliness of 
heart in our small mess. We are very happy. " The first 
part of their voyage was successful beyond all precedent. 
la two seasons they had sailed over five hundred miles of 
previously unexplored waters, and had discovered the 
North-west Passage. The spring of 1847 found them 
locked up in the ice stream off Cape Felix, but they were 
only ninety miles from the known sea off the coast of 
America. Franklin was then alive, and all was well. 
But ere the summer came their leader was no more. The 
ice still kept relentless hold on them, and they went 
slowly drifting with it. At times it hardly seemed to 
move at all ; in nineteen mouths they had barely traversed 
eighteen miles. They were only provisioned up to July, 
1848. Every day their stores grew less, their strength 
diminished, their spirits sank. Want and scurvy thinned 
their ranks. By April, 1848, nine officers and fifteen men 
had died, and Crozier and his starving band of a hundred 
and four had left the ships, and were struggling on 
towards the Hudson's Bay Territory up the Great Fish 
River. Their sledges and boats were ponderous and 
unwieldy, their provisions could not last for more than 
forty days, and their strength may be inferred from the 
fact, that during the first three days, when fresh to the 
work, they made only five miles a day. As an old Esqui- 
maux woman said, they dropped as they walked, and the 
few that lived to get the length of Montreal Island must 
have perished there. "Looking," says Sir Roderick 
Murchison, "to the fact that little or no fresh food could 
have been obtained by the crews of the Erebus and Ter- 
ror during their long imprisonment of twenty months, in 
so frightfully sterile a region as that in which the ships 
were abandoned — so sterile, that it is even deserted by 
the Esquimaux — and also to the want of sustenance in the 
spring, at the mouth of the Back River, all the Arctic 
naval authorities with whom I have conversed, coincide 
with M'Clintock and his associates in tiie belief that none 
of the missing navigators can be now living." 

In England, meanwhile, the disappearance of Sir John 
Franklin and his crews in the Arctic night, gave rise to 
enterprises of nobler heroism than the mere advancement 
of geographical discovery, in the search for the missing 
ships. Some twenty vessels and more than a thousand 
men were at sundry times engaged in the search, wliich 
commanded the sympathy of England, America and 
France. 

Lady Franklin, with a devotion and perseverance 
which no disappointments could damp, has spent her life 



and fortune in the endeavor to clear up the mystery of the 
frozen zone. She has maintained a voluminous corres- 
pondence on the subject with every part of the globe, 
consulted with all the most eminent authorities on Arctic 
explorations, pressed the British government into action, 
and spared neither labor nor outlay to promote the great 
object which she has at heart. At length Dr. Rae 
brought home word, got at second hand from the Esqui- 
maux, of a body of white men having been seen, sick and 
worn, toiling through the snow towards the Great Fish 
River, and of a number of skeletons having been found 
in the track they followed. Franklin and his crews were 
then gazetted as lost. Lady Franklin however, was not 
satisfied. There was still a chance that some of them 
were alive, and that another expedition might reveal — 
"How Franklin's ploughing bark's wedge on 

Through splintering fields, with battered shares, 
Lit only by the spectral dawn, 

The mask that mocking darkness wears — 
Or how o'er embers black and few, 

The last of shivered masts and spars, 
He sits amid the frozen crew 

In council with the norland stars." 
She had already sent out three expeditions, and finding 
the government unwilling to resume the search, she 
devoted the remainder of her fortune — some £10,000 — to 
fitting out the Fox and despatching the expedition, which, 
under the command of Captain M'Clintock, proved so 
successful. 

There was not wanting abundance of eager volunteers 
to join in the enterprise, perilous as it was. Offers of 
assistance poured in from every side ; and many who had 
never been to sea in their lives, now came forward, ready 
to brave all the hardships and dangers of an Arctic voy- 
age. Captain Allen Young, one cf the best officers in the 
merchant service, though just home, sick and worn, from 
the Black Sea, where he had been indefatigably engaged 
during the greater part of the Crimean War, not only 
joined the expedition as sailing master, but subscribed 
£500 towards its expenses. And many other instances 
might be recorded of generous sympathy for Lady Frank- 
lin and the enterprise she had undertaken. At length 
the little steam yacht Fox was fitted up to meet the 
exigencies of an Arctic voyage, manned and officered by 
twenty-five gallant and experienced volunteers, and 
ready for sea. 



•Ba:0"W J^ IF-ISH SAATIIivdlS. 



IT has been ascertained that the successive or simultan- 
eous removal of the dorsal, pectoral, and ventral fins 
only renders the fish's position unsteady ; but he could 
swim as well as before. But if the end of the caudal tail 
fin be snipped off, its speed is diminished ; if the entire fin 
is removed, it moves still slower, and with evident exer- 
tion, but bravely keeps it up until the tail itself has been 
cut off; then at last the poor victim to science succumbs, 
rolls over and over like a log upon the water, gasps con- 
vulsively, makes a few desperate but ineffectual struggles 
with its abbreviated tail — and dies. 

We have learned that a fish cannot swim without its 
tail. Let us now inquire how it swims with it. Very 
much as you scull a boat with an oar ; but with the differ- 
ence that in this case the oar is a part of the boat, and is 
flexible both in its length and in its height. 

Let us suppose our fish floating at rest in the water. 
Its tail is extended straight behind the body ; suddenly it 
is bent to one side ; this of course turns the head toward 
the same side, and perhaps carries the fish a little back- 



m 





or TJ "\^ E3 3^ I HL E in^STI^TJOTOie, 



ward ; but now comes a more forcible backward stroke of 
the tail, which turns the head the other way and propels 
the flsh forward. Then, having reached the middle line, 
it is geutly bent to the other side, and again forcibly ex- 
tended. The result of these alternate movements of the 
tail in opposite directions, is, as in the sculling of a boat, 
to propel the fish forward, not in a straight but zigzag 
direction. But the successive movements are so rapid 
that we notice only the resultant forward motion, which 
is in some species, as the salmon, at the rate of twenty or 
twenty-tive miles an hour, and so powerful that the 
sword-fish has been known to thrust his sword through 
copper sheathing, a layer of felt, four inches of deal, and 
fourteen inches of oak. 

There are some tails, such as those of the sharks and of 
the sea-snakes, which are long and harrow, and stiff from 
edge to edge ; and these are "feathered, "like an oar. 



Is 



TO SXjEEI^." 

THERE is much in the manner in which rcligiouf? exer- 
cises are conducted in a family. The worship is none 
the less solemn because familiar. All the surroundings 
should therefore be in keeping with the hour when the 
family comes into the presence of the Great God. Let 
father and mother sit side by side, let the children not be 
scattered in lounging attitudes round the room and at a 
distance, but placed near enough to each other to make a 
group, so that the unity of the worship shall appear as 
well as exist. 

Parents are not as careful as they ought to be of these 
outward things in a child's education. The little one is 
taught to "say his prayers" — but how ? Perhaps with 
noise of conversation or play about him, he kneels after 
he has clambered on his bed, and rattles over the set of 
words while he gazes round the room, ready with the 
"Amen" to burst into a laugh with those that laugh 
around. It is not at all wonderful that he grows to con- 
sider the whole affair as very useless and unmeaning. 

Give your children different thoughts. You are doing 
what the disciples asked the Lord to do when they said, 
"Teach us to pray." You are teaching your child to 2>ray. 
At tbis hour of his childish prayer your boy comes in 
communion with the Most High, and you should breathe 
softly, while angels listen. They see a deeper meaning in 
the act than you can recognize. The infant petition has 
in it what may touch your heart if you will think : 

"Now I lay ino down to sleep, 
I pray the Lord my soul to keep; 
If I should die before I wake, 
I pray the Lord my soul to take." 

"Who can keep his soul but God? What a possibility is 
in that little wor.l "if," a i>ossibility which darts a thrill 
of anguish through your breast! Into what arms could 
his soul nestle if not Christ's, if it should go forth from 
that fair body to-night? Will you not, then, hush the 
room, and have father and children stand silently by, as 
witli clasped hands and bowed head your child kneels 
reverently at your knee and solemnly lisps that prayer? 
Perhaps your face will rest upon his head while your full 
heart joins in the petition. — Aikman'a Life at Home. 

"What is the chief use of bread?" asked an examiner 
at a school exhilbition. "The chief use of bread?" 
answered the urchin, apjiarcntly astonished at the sim- 
plicity of the eu(iuiry. "Why, to spread butter and 
molasses on." 



S^lijcf^i $adp^* 




ID-^ISIES. 



All the little children know 

That the daisies are their own : 
Why should daisies ever grow 

That to children are uukuown ! 
Oh, bow sorry they must be. 

Living ■without purpose thus: 
Daisies that no children see, 

Oh, how you must long for us \ 

Running throngb the pleasant grass. 

When the summer scents are sweet, 
Toucliing daisies as we pass 

With our happy little feet. 
Some may grow upon the brink. 

Some in hidden crevice tit; 
Let no daisy-blossom think 

That we have neglected it. 

We must be so kind and wise 

To these daisies of our own, 
Giving sensible replies 

When they make their wishes known. 
Buttercups belong to all. 

So do other pretty flowers. 
But the daisies are so small 

That they can be only ours. 



IjITTLE TI3:iIsrC3-S. 



All the wonder in the skies 
Careless glances cauuot pass. 

But how bhud are many eyes 
To the wonder in the grass! 

Lv'ry liny blade I see 

Is a miracle to me, 

And the fairy blossoms show 

More than 1 can ever know. 

Oh, the joy that flowers give ! 

Oh, the perfume on the air! 
Oh, the lite that mosses live. 

Making earth so very fair! 
Lovely lights and colors gay. 
Tints and shadows — what are they T 
Grace that dies beneath a touch. 
Oh, how little, and how much! 

Kiss them with delighted lips; 

Love them while your heart is true; 
Let no meaner joy eclipse 

That which they can bring to you! 
Sweet the pleasures they impart, 
Taken to a happy heart, 
And if future sorrows sting, 
Sweet the comfort may they bring ! 






J"TJ"VE2SriXjE II:TSTI?.TJOTOE> 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Stnrjle Cop)i, per Annum $3 00. 

Sint/le Cop ij, for Six Months 1 50. 

*o~ flr.iin l)rniiglit to tills rity for tlip .IrvKNii.it Isstri'Ctor will bo 
rccfivucl at tbc oBicu of our imptr— DisiiUtT Kews liuILUlNos, 




