I'^ 



s?^ 



f il 



'^^§ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1870. 



NO. 24. 



OTTIE BEE-HII^VE! 



[For the Juvcnilo Instructor. 



GOOD morning, little bee ! Good morning, sir ! What 
have you got to-day for our Juveniles, that will tend 
to their instruction and entertainment ? Let me see ! We 
have to-day the tenth day of November! In connection 
with the date, the thought which presented itself to my 
mind, on taking up my pen this early morning hour to 
write for the Instructor, is that to-day is the birthday of 
a great and good man, one whom the Lord inspired to be 
a mighty instrument in his hands, a chosen vessel, to 
bring about a reformation, even a revolution, among the 
Christian world; a change which was destined to be a pre- 
paratory step to that great work of redemption, freedom 
and truth to be consummated in these the latter-days. I 
mean the reformer 

Martin Luther. 

Martin Luther was born in the little town of Eisenach, 
in the now, Prussian province of Thuringia, November 10, 
1483. His parents were poor but respectable, his father 
being a miner. He spent his youth like most of the boys, 
who were at that time destined for a scientific education, 
in the school of some dark monastery, kept by monks, and 
had to sing with the school choir in the streets, from door 
to door, as was the custom then, to obtain means for the 
support of the school. Besides which he had to perform 
the part of drudge for the bigger boys. But by his beau- 
tiful and sweet voice he gained the good will of the widow 
Cotta, an old lady in easy circumstances, who took tho 
further education of the promising lad into her own hands, 
and was a mother to him until she died. 

Thus young Martin had grown up, and had already 
graduated when he was sixteen years old, and spoke Latin 
as fluently as his own native tongue. Besides, he had ac- 
quired considerable knowledge of the Greek and Hebrew 
and in music. According to the wishes of his father, he 
prepared himself to become a physician; whe;i one day, as 
it is said, he was taking a walk with one of his friends, a 
thunderstorm overtook them and a flash of lightning 
struck his friend dead at his side. This made such an im- 
pression upon his mind, that he took it as a warning from 
the Ht'avens and resolved to enter a monastery and become 
a monk. His father had to yield to the earnest pleadings 
of the young man, and Martin was ordained a Catholic 
priest after the order of St. Augustinus. In this capacity 
be was soon chosen, although very young, as preacher at 
the Cathedral in the city, in which office he became very 
celebrated in a short time as an orator. People came from 
long distances on a Sunday to Eisenach to hear him speak, 



so popular had he become, yet all this time he continued 
to live in the monastery and subject to its orders, which 
compelled him to go barefooted, wear a gray, rough coat 
of brown cloth and walk once a week around the city and 
surrounding country with a bag on his back, begging vic- 
tuals for the kitchen of the monastery. 

Exhausted by his excessive labors and poor living, he 
was soon prostrated on a bed of sickness so that his life 
was despaired of; but the Superior of his district, a certain 
Dr. Staupiug, visited him during his illness, and, taking 
him by the hand, propheticalfy exclaimed: "Dear Bro. 
Martin, arise, and be of good cheer, for God has set you 
aside for greater things yet." 

Martin Luther recovered, and was soon after selected by 
the Prince of Saxony as one of the Professors at the Uni- 
versity of Wittenberg, and preacher of his court. In 
Wittenberg he found one day a Latin Bible on a chair in 
the ducal library, and afterwards made a practice of per- 
using it, whenever he could And time. He liad never seen 
a Bible before, and he found, to his astonishment, that the 
teachings of that book did not correspond with the teach- 
ings of the Catholic Church, of which he was himself a 
priest. He had heretofore upheld the doctrines of that 
faith with great energy, and looked upon the Pope in 
Rome as the true representative of God upon the earth; so 
much so, that on a journey to Rome, which he had under- 
taken in behalf of his monastery, he went down worship- 
ing on his knees, when he beheld that "holy city" for the 
first time in the distance. His slumbering dissatisfaction 
with the doctrines of the church was fully aroused, when 
one day a monk, sent from the Pope in Rome, appeared in 
the country around Wittenberg and sold certificates of re- 
mission for all kinds of sins and crimes for money, wliich 
money went into the Pope's pocket. 

The thirty-first day of October, 1517, he published 
ninety-three sentences against the Pope, the Catholic 
clergy aad the false doctrines introduced into the Christian 
church. These sentences came like a thunderbolt upon 
the sleeping nations, and in the short time of four weeks, 
all Germany, France, Italy and England were aroused, 
and the Pope sent delegates to put down at once that fire, 
which was threatening to spread into a dangerous conflag- 
ration. Soon princes took part for or against the new 
light, for Martin Luther did not stop sliort with that 
nrove, but commenced a thorougli reformation in church 
and school throughout the land. He was assisted therein 
by his learned and faithful friend, Phillip Melaucthon^ 




m^^ 






185 



Cr TJ ^ E ITI L El insrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



1 
^ 



and protected in his course by the Elector of Saxony, 
Frederick, tlie Wise, and his successor, John Frederick, 
tilt' Kind. 

The labors of the great Reformer now became almost 
superhuman. He not onlj' continued in his office as 
preacher in the Cathedral, as Professor at the University, 
wliere he \vas almost worshiped by his students, and as 
counselor to his Prince in important matters of State, but 
he wrote also school books for the guidance of the yet ig- 
norant clergy, who had to act as teacheis; and translated 
the Bible ijito (ferman, this being the first translation 
ever made among any people into a native tongue. In this 
way he became the father of the so-called upper Saxon 
dialect, which is the German language, as now spoken 
and written. He wrote several beautiful pieces of poetry, 
and some of his soul-stirring songs are yet resounding, 
wherever Germans dwell, ilis musical compositions have 
found their way into almost all nations; as one, I might 
mention here the well-known tune of "Old Hundred." 

In spite of all the eflbrts, threats and machinations of 
tlie Pope and his party, the reformation of Martin Luther 
sjjreadso rapidly, that in less than three years all northern 
Germany, princes as well as people, had recognized the 
new order of things; and Sweden, Denmark, Korway, 
Holland, and finally Kngland, followed suit. The Em- 
peror Charles V, a staunch supi)orter of the Catholic faith, 
call.d together all the Princes of Germany, to a national 
assembly in the city of Worms, to which also, Luther 
wa-s invited to attend, to defend his course before "Em- 
peror and Empire" as the phriuse was. Here the poor 
monk of Wittenberg arose before tlie Emperor and the 
assembled Princes and defended his teachings in a power- 
ful speech of two hours' length, and wound up thus 
grandly; "If I cannot be c^ercome with clear and good 
rea.sons from the Holy Scripture, then I c^annot, and will 
not revoke. Hero 1 am standing! I cannot do otherwise, 
(iod being my helper I Amen." He had to bo dismissed, 
and his case was laid over, the Catholics not daring to hurt 
the fearless monk on account of his jiowerful friends 
among the princes, and his frieiifls not being strong 
enough yet, to carry their point entirely. 

^lartiu Luther continued now his luliors uninterrupted, 
with an energy and tire, that never have been ciiualled by 
any one of those, who should have carried on after his 
death, the work which he had began so gloriously. Many 
|>hrasos and expressions in his speeches and writings 
would be consiiiereil very coarse and vulgar in our day, but 
more perfectly in acconlance with the s|)irit of the times 
he lived in. He was given to oncsideil notions and of so 
stubborn a disposition, that he often shut his mind against 
better judgment ami conviction. Ihit it must be acknow- 
ledgeii on the otiu'r hand, that Just these peculiarities of 
character enabled him to stand out, all aloiu', ami fa<^<' the 
whole world, fearlessly tearing down the inautle of hy- 
pn('ri-.y in which corruption, falsehood and jiriestcraft 
had wrapped themselves. 

His body Wius not jiermitled to bedehledby hisenemies, 
for he died in peace; and even his ashes have been left un- 
illsturlied during all the fearful storms which passeil over 
his grave. He stru(;k ilowii the barriers, and hiiil open the 
ruad, for mankind, to truth and light, but his suecessors 
remained where he left them. Instead of marching on 
until more light could be revealed unto them from on 
high, "Protestantism" as it is called, kept up a wretched 
existence, splitting up into hundreds of sects and losing 
ground after a while again, instead of leading by-atid-bye 
to the restoration of the true gospel of .lesus Christ, which 
the mission of Martin Luther indicated it should have 
done. 

Thus the work of that great man was left unfinished 



^'>^ 



and defiled by the nonsense of his followers, until God re- 
vealed Himself to Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and com- 
menced a work in this the fullness of time, which embraces 
all what Luther did or couUl have done, and all his 
followers besides and a great deal more, that they never 
would have found out, as simple as it is. God has hidden 
it from the eyes of the wise and given it to the under- 
standing of the pure in heart. But whatever good the 
reformer, Martin Luther did, he did it faithfully as far as 
Cxod had given him light. He has done his work and has 
entered into the rest, whence he will come forth, after all 
the ordinances of the Kingdom will have been adminis- 
tered for him, and receive his reward with all the others 
who have labored in their Master's cause. 

K. G. M. 



^ui^v^itl%. 






THE 



"There has been much said about President Rigdon being 
President ot the Clmrch, and leading the peo|-ile, being the 
head, etc. hrotber lligdou has come 1,600 miles to tell you 
what he wants to do lor you. If the people want President 
Iligdon to lean them they may have him; but I say unto you 
that the tiuorum of the Twelve have the keys of the kingdom 
of <i()d in all the world. 

"Tlie Twelve are appointed by the finger of God. Here is 
Brigham, have his knees ever faltered? have his lips ever 
quivered ? Here is Ueber and the rest of the Twelve, an inde- 
pendent body, who have the keys of the Priesthood — the keys 
of the kingdom ol God to deliver to all the world; this is true, 
s) help me (iod. They stand next to Joseph, and are as the 
Pir.sl Presidency of tlie Church. 

"I do not know whether nij' enemies will take my life or 
no\ and I do not care, for t want to be with the inau I love. 

"Yim cannot till the olUce of a Prophet, Seer and Revelator: 
(iod must do this. You are like oliililren without a father 
and sheep without a shepherd. You must not appoint any 
man at our heail; ifyou should, the Tw,ilve must ordain him. 
You cannot appomt a man at our head; but if you do want 
any other man or men to leiiil you, t;dieH)iem and we will go 
our way to build up the kin;;dum in all the world. 

"1 know who are Juseph's friends, and " ho aie his enemies. 
I know where the kcj-s o the kiundom are, and where they 
will eti'rrially be. You cannot call a man to be a l^iophet; 
you cannot l^ko Khior Kigiinn and place him aoove the Twelve; 
if so, he must be ordained by them, 

"1 tell you ihuro is an over anxiety to hurry matters here. 
Y'du canniit take any man ami put lum at the head; you would 
scatter the .Saints to the fi)ur wfluls, you wouhi sev^r tho 
Priesthood. .So long as we remain as we are, the heavenly 
Head is in constant eooporation with us; and il you go out 
of that course, (rod will have imlhing to do with you. 

"Ai;ain, perhaps same iliink that our boloved brother Rig- 
don woulil not bu honored, would not be looked to as a iriemi; 
but if lie does ri^ht, and remains fuilhtul lie will not act 
aKainsl our counsel nor wo against his, but ai!t together, and 
wo slittll bo as one. 

"I again repeat, no man can stand at our head, except God 
reveals it Iroin the heavens. 

"I have spued no pains to 'earn my lesson of tho kinfjdoni 
in this world and in the eternal Worlds; and if it were not so, I 
could (JO ami live in peace; but for the ilosper and your sakes 
I shall stand in my plae». We are liable to be killed all the 
day long. You have never lived by laith. 

'•IJrolhor .Joseph, lhn I'rcpliel, has laid tho foundation for a 
){reil Work and wo will biiilil ujiim it; you have never seen 
the quorums built one upon another. Iliero is an almighty 
fotindattoii laiil, and we can biiilil a kingdom such as there 
never was in the world: we (tan build a kingdom faster than 
Satan can kill the Siiims oil'. 

"What do you want ? Ho you want a l'atriar(;h for tho whole 
Church? To this we are perfectly willing. II brother .Samuel 
II. Smith had been living, it w iiild have been his ri^lit and 
privilege; but ho is (had, hois gone to .losepli and Ilyriiiii, ho 
is out of the reach of biillelH and spears, and ho can wait him- 
self with his brothers, Ids friends and the Saints. 

"Do you want a Patriarch? Here is brother William left; 



"(fc^ 



1^ 



>5^^- 



-^^^ 



,^ 



^"TJ^EItTILE IltTSTI^TJCTOI?. 




186 



f 



here is uncle John Smith, uncle to the Prophet Joseph, left; it 
is tbeir right. The right of patriarchal blessings belongs to 
Joseph's family. 

"Do you want a Trustee in Trust? Has there been a Bishop 
who has stood in his lot yet? What is his business? To take 
charge of the temporal alTaira, so that the Twelve and the 
Elders may go on their business. Joseph condescended to do 
their business for them. Joseph condescended to offer him- 
self for President of the United States, and it was a great con- 
descension. 

"Do you want a spokesman ? Here are Elder Rigdon, bro- 
ther Amasa Lyman (whom Joseph expected to take as a coun- 
selor) and myself. Do you want the Church properly 
organized, or do you want a spokesman to be cliief cook and 
bottle-washer? Elder Kigdou claims to be spokesman to the 
Prophet. Very well, he was; but can he now act in that office? 
If he wants now to be a spokesman to tbe Prophet, he must 
go the other side of the vail, for the Prophet Is there, but Elder 
liigdon is here. Why will Elder lligdon be a fool? Who 
knows anything of the Priestbood, or of the organization of 
the kingdom of God ? I am plain. 

"Does this Church want It a-i God organized it? or do you 
want to clip the power of the Priesthood, and let those who 
have the keys of the Priesthood go and build up the kingdom 
in all the world, wherever the people will hear them? 

"If there is a spokesman, if he is a kmg and priest, let him 
go and build up a kingdom unto himsell; that ii his right and 
it is tbe right of many here, but the Twelve are at the head of 
it. 

"I want to live on the earth and spread truth through all 
the world. You Saints of Latter-days want things right. If 
10,000 men rise up and say they have the Prophet Joseph 
Smith's shoes, I know they are impostors. In the Priesthood 
you have a right to build up a kingdom, if you know hosv the 
Church is organized. 

"Now, if you want Sidney Rigdon or William Law to lead 
you, or anybody else, you are welcome to them; but I tell you, 
in the name of the Lord, that no man can put another between 
the Twelve and the Prophet Joseph. Why? Because Joseph 
was their file leader, and he has committed into their hands 
the keys of the kingdom in this last dispensation, for all the 
world; don't put a thread between the Priesthood and God. 

"I will ask, who has stood next to Joseph and Uyrum ? I 
have, and I will stand next to him. We have a head, and that 
head is the Apostleship, the spirit and power of Joseph, and 
we can now begin to see the necessity of that Apostleship. 

"Brother Rigdon was at his side— not above. No man has a 
right to counsel the Twelve but Joseph Smith. Think of 
these things. You cannot appoint a Prophet; but if you let 
the Twelve remain and act in their place, the keys of the 
kingdom are with them and they can manage the affairs of 
the Church and direct all things aright. 

';Now, all this does not lessen the character of President 
Rigdon; let him magnify his calling, and Joseph will want 
him beyond the vail— let him be careful what he does, lest that 
thread which binds us together is cutasunder. May God bless 
you all." 

After President Youug liad made these remarks, other 
elders addressed the people, and among the rest Sidney 
Rigdon was called upon. During the entire afternoon he 
sat in the stand with his back to the congregation, and 
much of the time with his head down. He had no inclina- 
tion to show himself to the people, and if his conduct and 
appearance gave a correct idea of his feelings, he felt badly. 
He declined to speak, but called upon Elder W. W. 
Phelps to speak for him. Not one word did lie utter in a 
public congregation of the Saints after making his re- 
marks tliat morning. 

Those who were called upon to speak having finished 
their remarks, President Young again arose and addressed 
the assemblage. Among other things ho said to the peo- 
ple: 

"I do not ask you to take my counsel or advice alone, but 
every one ol you act for yourselves; but if brother Rigdon is 
the person you want to lead you, voter for him, but not unless 
you intend to follow him and support him a>< you did Joseph. 
Do not say so without you mean to take his counsel here- 
after. 

"And I would say the same for the Twelve, don't make a 
covenant to support them unless you intend to abide by their 
counsel; and if they do not counsel you as you please, don't 
turn round and oppose them. 

"I want every man, before he enters into a covenant, to 
know what he is going to do; but wo want to know il this 
people will support the Priesthood iu the name of Israel's 
God. If you say you will, do so." 



He added a few more remarks, and then asked the 
Elders and other officers as quorums. 

"Do you want Brother Rigdon to stand forward as your 
leader, your guide, your spokesman?" 

But Sidney Rigdon told him at this point that he 
desired him to bring up the other question first, which he 
did by asking: 

"Does the Church want, and is it their only desire to sustain 
the Twelve as the First Presidency of this people? Here are 
the Apostles, the Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and 
Covenants— they are written on the tablet of my heart. If 
the Church want the Twelve to stand as the head, the First 
Presidency of the Church, and at the head of this kingdom in 
all the world, stand next to Joseph, walk up into their calling 
and hold the keys of this kingdom, every man, every woman, 
every Quorum is now put in order, and you are now the sole 
controlers of it. All that are in favor of this, in all the con- 
gregation of the Saints, manliest it by holding up the right 
hand." 

The vote was iinanunous. He then said: 

"If there are anj' of the contrary mind, every man and every 
woman who does not want the Twelve to preside, lift up your 
hands in like manner." ^ 

Not a hand was raised. 



The Old CifARGEK aivd tiik Baker.— It is wondei-- 
ful to see how the horse, when once properly instructed, 
never forgets what he has been taught. There are many 
amusing instances of this; as in the case of the old charger 
which a London baker had purchased, and on which he 
rode when supjilying his customers with loaves and hot 
rolls. Passing, one morning, the gate at Hyde Park, the 
trumpet sounded for the regiment of life-guards to fall in. 
No sooner did the sound assail the ears of the old charger 
than away he darted into the park, — ofi" flew the baker's 
hat, out jumped the loaves from the panniers; — iu vain did 
the baker try to restrain his headlong speed. 

In a few i^econds he found his horse had placed him in 
the front rank of the Guards. 

The baker tried in every way to get him to quit the 
position, but all to no purpose. 

The soldiers were enjoying the grotesque appearance of 
the baker and his horse, when one of the Guards recog- 
nized the animal, and informed his comrades that some 
years ago it belonged to the regiment, but had been sold 
on account of infirmity. 

Several of the officers kindly greeted their old compan- 
ion; and the Colonel, to carry on the joke, gave the signal 
to advance. Away once more went the baker, and avvay 
went the remaining contents of the panniers. Various 
otlier evolutions were performed, in which the animal dis- 
played great skill, and it was only when the retreat was 
sounded that it consented to resign itself to the guidance 
of the baker's bridle. — Selected. 



Frank and Susie.— "There, that kitten's run hito the 
pantry!" said IMrs. Lee, as she was hurrying about her 
dinner. "Children, one of you get her out won't you?" 

"I will," said Frank, clattering into the pantry. "Here, 
'scat, clear out!" 

Poor kitty, frightened with the noise, ran wildly in 
every direction but the door, and finally crept behind a 
barrel. When he found that she would certainly stay 
where slie was as long as he scolded, he tried coaxing. But 
it was too late for that, kitty would not trust him. 

"Here, kitty, kitty; come, little kilty," said Susie, in 
gentle tones, as she came with quiet footfall into the 
pantry. Kitty knew that pleasant voice: she put her 
head out, but hesitated. 

"Come, kitty, dear little kitty," said Susie again; and 
kitty at once ran out, and Susie carried her otl'. 

Mrs. Lee had heard it all. 

"Which do you think the better way, my boy," laying 
her liand on Frank's shoulder, "Susie's or yours?" 

"Susie's," Frank replied. 

Gentleness and kindness are better than roughness, and 
the rule of love better than that of fear. — Selected. 



W 




'^ 



187 



0" TJ "V E 3Sr I L E I35rSTie,TJOTOIS/. 



\ 









CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY; NOVEMBEll 20, 1870. 

EIDITOK.I.A.IL. THZOTJO-HITS. 




( )T many days ago we heard a lady of our 
aeciuaintaiiee relate a circumstance wliich 
jdeased us. It gave us an excellent idea 
of the good that is being done in a lium- 
]>\c, quiet way by the Juvenile Instruc- 
tor. The lady is the mother of two 
daughters, whom we will call llachel and 
Leah, two IJilile names, the names of two 
of the wives of the Patriarch Jacob. Leah 
is a little girl, and is not able to read her- 
self, but she is very fond of having her sister 
read to her, aud whenever the Instructor 
comes to hand, she is very eager to hear what it 
has to .say. By tliis means she learns many good 
ideas, which, if she remembers them, will prove 
useful to her in future days. 

It seems that Leah, though a little girl, was very 
fond of tea and coffee, particularly tea. If she saw 
any person drinking it, she would be sure to ask lor 
some also, and would not be satisfied until it was given her. 
.She was told many times that she ought not to think of drink- 
ing cither tea or coffee; but what was said to her seemed to 
have no effect ujion her, she still wanted to get these articles 
to drink. One day her sister Rachel, in reading to her out of 
the Juvenile I.xstructor, found a little piece about the folly 
of children drinking tea and coffee, and ginng them reasons 
why tliey sliould not drink these things. This .she read to 
Leah, who listened ver>- attentively to all that was said. She 
rci|uested her sister to read it to her again, which she did; and 
frecjuently afterwards she desired to hear this little piece. It 
ni.adc an iinjircssion upon her, and though but a little child, she 
felt that what was .said was true. The effect upon her mind 
was all that could Ijc desired. .She was cured of asking for tea 
or coffee. From that day up to the present she has never 
touched tea; she does not want it any more. We hope her 
resolution will never be forgotten, and that she will grow up to 
be a woman who will neither drink tea nor coffee. 

We like to hear .such account.s as this. It proves to us that 
our labor is not thrown away. There is at least one child njion 
whom a good, and we hope, a la.sting, imj)ression has been 
made. This is worth far more than gold or silver. The worth 
of one soul is exceedingly great in the sight of the Lord, anil 
if we can Ik; the means of helping to save souls through pu}>- 
li.sliing this little paper, our joy will be very great. The 
children in this church are Ixiconiing very numerous; they are 
growing fast and will soon be men and women. If they can be 
taught correct jninciples, and be led to adopt proper habits, 
they can be vcr>' useful in building up the work of <Kid on the 
earth. It is with the object of te.-iching them these things 
that this littli' jiaper h.i.s been published, and our constant 
desire i.s that it may be .succes.sful in its mis-'ion. 



1 1 F, I iK are some people so .superstitious concerning Friday- 
that they will never commence a journey or any imjiortant 
55*^ undertaking on that day. Wc frequently meet with such per- 



sons; but facts prove that Friday is not an unlueky day. We 
heard a story once told about a merchant who determiued to 
test whether Friday was unlucky or not. He was about to 
build a vessel. He had the keel laid on Friday; the ship was 
launched on Friday; she sailed on Friday, and, to use the 
words which he is credited with having s.aid, "she must have 
gone to the bottom on Friday;" for he never heard of her after- 
wards. 

This may be true or not; but Friday is a vei-y eventful day 
in American history. 

It was on Friday, that Christopher Columbus sailed on his 
voyage of discover}'. 

On Friday, ten weeks after, he discovered America. 

On Friday, Henry III of England, gave John Cabot his 
commission, which led to the discovery of North America. 

C)u Friday, St. Augustine, the oldest town in the United 
States, was founded. 

On Friday, the Mai/JIoioer, with the Pilgrims, arrived at 
Princetown; and on Friday, they signed that august compact, 
the forerunner of the present constitution. 

On Fridaj', George Washington was born. 

On Friday, the surrender of Saratoga was made. 

On Friday, the surrender of Cornwallis at Yorktown occur- 
red; and, on Friday, the motion was made in Congress that 
the United Colonies were and ought to be independent. 



Carryino Children to School. — Not many yeai-s 
ago, Robert Nisl)ett, of JNIassaehusetts, owned a pet s))an of 
horses and a numerous family, who were also pets, as was 
every living thing untler bis protection. The district 
school-house vi'as a mile off over a bleak road in this very 
snowy country. These horses, when colts, were accus- 
tomed to carry and fetch tlie children, and after a while 
were intrusted with the whole business. After being 
hitched up to the old lumber-box sleigh, they would "of 
their own free will and accord," trot up to the farm-house 
door, receive .some half dozen or more chikiren, who in 
great glee would "pile in" among buffalo skins and blan- 
kets. Then these horses, without a driver or guidance of 
any kind, would start oil' bri.skly (for they were smart, if 
not fast), go to the school-house, turn up to the door, wait 
for these happy children to tumble out, then make their 
turn carefully and return home. At night they were sent 
alone for their load again, and would turn up to the 
school-house door and wait patiently for the children. 
This business was done by these horses for twenty years, 
and their kind m.aster kej>t them until old age carried 
them off. — tS'elcc/cd. 



Kate and the CJo.\.t. — Little Kate had many friends, 
and was generally a cheerful, good-natured (diild; but she 
had a great fault, which sometimes got her into trouble — 
she wiw very stubborn. One day she had to cross a stream 
of water on a jilank which served as a foot-bridge; but 
just as she stei)ped on one end a goatste]ipod on the other. 
Now, Kate resolved that she would not give up to a goat; 
so they met on the middle of the plank, and stood still for 
a few minutes looking at each other. The goat could not 
turn back; so as Kate would not, he ended the dispute by 
pushing her into the water, and walking quickly over. 
Hhe soon screamed for helj), and w:us taken out dripping 
wet and quite niortilied. Thougli we sliould be firm in 
matters ot duty an<l i)riiu'i|)le, let us not be stubborn al)<)ut 
trifles, and yield when Wo ought to do so. — /^'elected. 



Childhood is like the mirror, catching and reflecting 
im.ages all around it. Remember that an impious or pro- 
fane tliougbt uttered by a i)arcnt'H lijis may operate upon 
a young heart like a careless spray of water thrown u))on 
polished steel, staining it with rust, which no after- 
scouring can efface. «• 



1^ 



*^^ 



J-TJ^EICTILE IITSTI^TJOTOI^, 



188 



■WXIA. T'S I3Sr TT. 



[For the Juvenile Insirucior, 



UR engraving reminds us forcibly that Cliristmas is 
now nigh at liand. Tlie two boys, the baslvet, the 
game lying close by, all speak of the time when gifts and 







before the fabled Santa Claus will pay them a visit, loaded 
with a thousand good things, to make young hearts 
happy. But Santa Claus is not known in the land where 




^ 



t 







good feelings are the order of the day, and of the many I those boys dwell. It is easy to see by their smock frocks 
little souls who are now counting the days and hours \ and rough clothes, by the milestone near which they are 



i5c^ 



;fc 



189 



CTTJ^EITILE! I IT S T I^TJ O T O I^. 



¥ 






resting, that their home is an English one, and in Eng- 
land, Christmas presents and Now Year's gifts come with- 
out the aid or agency of St. Nicholas. 

Our picture, however, tells its own tale. The two boys, 
one with a basket, heavy with good things has met the 
other carrying the hare and pheasant. Both are tired and 
glad of the chance of a rest and a chat. The one informs 
the other how he is taking a present for the Bquire, 
whilst the second tells the first, how that he is bound for 
the house of Such a one. It is very easy to see what one 
is carrying, but what is in the basket, so closely shut, is 
the question that soon excites both minds. True, it is none 
of their business what is in it, but that does not make 
them any the less anxious to know, and it is evident that 
if they can find out without cutting the string that holds 
the basket-lid they will unravel the mystery before long. 

We have known boys and girls do very mean things to 
satisfy their curiosity. The desire to obtain Ivnowledge is 
one of the strongest planted in the human mind, and is 
manifested in very early childhood by the many questions 
a little child will ask. But that is a diflerent thing to 
prying into other people's aflairs and meddling with their 
business when we can do them no good by such curiosity. 
The boys here, cannot do any good by finding out what 
is in the liamper, and probably the person to whom it 
belongs does not wish them to know. "Mind your own 
business" is said to be the "Mormon maxim," and any 
person who gives way to foolish curiosity must often come 
in contaci with this sensible peice of advice. 

Christmas time is observed amongst all people who 
believe in the Lord Jesus, as a time of rejoicing and 
praise, when men give gifts one to another, and to their 
children in memory of the day when was brought about 
the saying of the Scriptures that God so loved the world 
that he gave His only begotten Son that men through 
faith in Him and by obedience to His holy word might be 
saved. But we all know, that there are in this age many 
wicked men who claim to be believers in our Savior, and 
as m.ay well be expected they spend this time of rejoicing 
in very foolish and wicked ways. By gluttony, drunken- 
ness, gambling and the like, they profess to show their 
thankfulness to God for the birth of His Son. This, your 
good sense, will tell you is wrong and displeasing to our 
heavenly Fatlier, for though He is well pleased when His 
children are happy. He is not so when they commit sin 
and run into excess of laughter and folly. To be moderate 
in all things is M'ise, and to run into extremes is folly, and 
men must be very dark in their minds who cannot see 
that the joy inspired by thankfulness for the coming ot 
the lledeemer is widely separate from rioting, debauchery 
and drink. • G. R. 



-M:iSSI02sr^K.-Y- SICE'rOHZES. 



AT the Three Crossings of the Sweetwater we met a 
-^ company of apostates, who were in full retreat from 
the Valley, unwilling to trust God's providence to screen 
them from the wrath of our enemies, and were anxious 
to get back to the States. The night following we 
encamped at the eastern end of what is known as the 
Seminole cut-off. The company intended to travel on 
this cut-oir in the morning. That evening the chaplain 
of our company, a young >lder who h.ad a fondness for 
adventure, proposed that he should travel on the old 
route, for the purpose of meeting a man for whom he had 
transacted some bu.-iness in the States, ami who, he was 
informed, was returning in a comiiany of apostates. Cap- 
tains Berrj- and Brintou thought lie ought not to attempt 



to go by that route alone ; at this, one of the other elders 
volunteered to accompany him. Bufwhen morning 
came the latter had changed his mind ; for it had stormed 
during the night, snow had fallen and it still snowed 
very hard, and he thought the weather too disagreeable 
for so lonely a trip. Mr. Chaplain, however, in opposi- 
tion to all remonstrances, was resolved to go, and lie 
started out alone on horseback, taking with him some 
blankets and a few crackers. It was the eleventh day of 
June— a strange time, you would think, for snow to foil, 
yet it continued to descend until the middle of the after- 
noon, and was so deep that when he came to a place on 
the Sweetwater, called the Rocky Ridge, he was obliged 
to dismount and lead his pony. It was a lonely trip 
which he took, and through a wild, desolate country, it 
was with considerable pleasure, therefore, that he came 
in sight of the camp which he sought just as the sun was 
going down. It was encamped on what is known as 
Quaking-Aspen Creek. The man wliom he expected to 
meet was not in the company ; but he found others whom 
he had known, persons who did not love the gospel suffi- 
ciently to endure the trials promised to the Saints ; but 
were desirous to return to that Babylon from which they 
had been gathered. When the chaplain rejoined his com- 
panions, the elders, he related the incidents of this trij) 
and I was permitted to take the following account from 
his journal: 

"I had just staked my animal to feed upon the brush in the 
neighborhood of the camp, when a company of discharged 
Government teamsters passed by on their way east, under 
theguidiiuce of George Merrick. On accouut of the hard- 
ships which they endured the past winter, they were very 
indignant at everybody called "Mormon." They had calcu- 
lated on enjoying themselves at our people's expense in the 
Valley ; but instead of that, they had been kept out in the 
mountains all winter, and they were disappointed. An hour 
later one Ephraim Thornton, a young maa who when a boy 
in Nauvoo had been a schoolmate of mine, and who was now 
an apostate, look me aside and informed me of a plan which 
had been arranged to rob me of my horse. A discharged 
Government teamster had sworn to take it, or die in the 
attempt. I thanked Mr. Thornton for the information ; but I 
advised him to have the camp look to their own atfairs and I 
would conduct mine, adding that I did not fear this teamster's 
threats, as 'barking dogs seldom bite.' There was one Mr. 
Stout in this company, with whom I conversed. He was 
bound for the States, and was accompanied by his wife. He 
told nie that he had been successful in raising stock in Cedar 
Valley, and had sold tlieni for the gold to the army he had 
just passed at Fort Bridger. He jioiuted out to me a youug 
hatchet-faced Missourian, with long hair and snako-like ap- 
pearance, whom he represented as a Government teamster, a 
poor fellow for wnom be felt compassion and whom he was 
carrying to his home. It was vain lor me to advise him not 
to trust Mr. Hatchet-face too far. He had confidence in him ; 
I had none ; I would not have trusted him out ot my sight. 
My views in relation to him received speedy confirmation ; 
for while standing with my back to the flre looking in the 
direction of my pony, I heard Mr. Stout swear very hard at 
his wife for leaving the wagon. His sack of gold, amounting 
to 81,500 had disappeared. An investigation revealed the fact 
that not only was the gold missing, but crackers, blankets, 
several watches and other things, besides a race mare belong- 
ing to one Joseph Greenwood, were all gone, and with them 
the poor fellow, the Missourian, for whom Mr. Stout had felt 
so much compassioni It afterwards transpired that he had 
been making his arrangements for flight for several days. 
My advice to Mr. Thornton for the camp to look to their own 
atfairs was very timely, as this transaction proved. 

"That my horse might not be stolen I made my bed upon 
the snow, holding the bridle in niy hand, and my pistols 
ready for use in my belt. But I was unrtisturbed. I arose in 
the inoruing and h ft tlie camp and its misery to continue my 
journey towards the home of our people. As I left the last 
crossing of the Sweetwater and was ascending the South Pass, 
f met a company of our brethren, under Captain Abram 
Hatch, going to the North Platte on business. It was fortu- 
nate that I took this route, lor they had word for our company 
which had I not mot them we would not have received. Upon 
learning where the elders were, tlioy turned and accompanied 
me. We found the (-ompany on the cut-oil" five miles from 
its junction with the old road." 



if' 




■J^^ 



Cr TJ'V E ISr I L E in^STI^TJOTOI?., 



190 



Our chaplain seemed happy at rejoining us, and from 
liis weariud looks and blistered face, we judged he woidd 
not soon go again in search of apostates. But, as he said 
in his journal, it was fortunate that he had taken that 
route. The providence of tlie Lord was in it, and it was 
overruled for our good by his meeting Captain Hatch and 
companions. Tliey brought us President Buchanan's 
amnesty proclamation, which was read, also the intelli- 
gence of our people's move South ; also instructions^from 
President Young to the eflect that unless otherwise 
instructed, we were to take the Sublet cut-ofF to the North 
until we struck Bear river, and then travel on the trail 
which would lead us to the head of Echo Canon. From 
Captain Hatch, also, we learned that it was the intention 
of Col. Albert Sidney Johnson, tlie commander of the 
army, to leave Fort Bridger the following Monday for the 
Valley. We rejoiced at meeting these brethren, and felt 
that the Lord was witli us. He had preserved us in pass- 
ing Forts Kearney and Laramie, and had now, through 
his kind providence, removed uncertainty and doubt as to 
what course we should pursue, and we praised Him for 
His kindness towards us. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



% 



SILIO.A.TES. 



ALTHOUGH pure silicic acid is insoluble in the acids 
(except the hydrofluoric), and is extremely diflicult 
to decompose, even by the most intense heat; this is not 
the case when it is combined with the alkalies or the 
alkaline earths. When thus combined, namely, as salts 
of silicic acid they are designated "silicates," and, in this 
state, the carbonic acid of the atmosphere decomposes 
them, liberating the silicic acid, or silica. 

An experiment may be easily made by proeuring some 
of the artificial silicate known as soluble glass, a silicate 
of potass, described in a former article as "water-glass." 
Dissolve this in pure water, and thus form a solution of 
silicate of potass. Upon transmitting through this, or 
mixing with it, carbonic acid, the solution from being 
perfectly pellucid becomes turbid; and, by continuing the 
Supply of carbonic acid, it acquires the consistence of 
jelly This is called gelatinus silica, it is a h3'drate of 
silica; if this is allowed to remain long enougli undis- 
turbed the silica will separate from the carbonate of 
potass which is formed, and become hard as stone; this is 
precisely the substance that forms the agate and the opal, 
and a large number of quartz rocks described before. 

Now tliis kind of operation is continually going on on 
a grand scale in the laboratory of nature; the hardest 
rocks are formed by similar means, and, in as simple a 
manner others are decomposed. Silicates are acted upon 
by the atmosphere when moisture is present, carbonic 
acid, always existing in the waters, dissolves out the base 
of the salts of silica, forming an alkaline solution that is 
carried ott' in the waters, setting free, or "precipitating," 
to use chemical language, the silica, thus forming sili- 
ceous stones. 

But silicates (salts of silica) have often more than one 
base, silicate of potass (soUible glass) has only one. Silica 
with alumina forms a silicate of alumina, this salt can 
chemically combine with the silicate of potass. In that 
way a "double salt" is formed; of course we must not 



forget that by the term "salt" we do not mean a sub- 
stance that has a saline taste, as table salt (chloride of 
sodium), but a body that is formed by the chemical union 
of an acid and a base, as shown before. 

In nature these double salts abound in our mountain 
masses, some silicates are the result of the chemical 
union of several such salts. It is important to remember 
the diflerence between chemical union and mechanical 
admixture, which has been explained when speaking 
ujion the nature of salts. Granite is an instance of mere 
mechanical mixture of quartz, feldspar and mica, in 
which these substances are promiscuously mingled to- 
gether. The quartz is not a silicate, it is pure silica; the 
feldsiiar contains silica in chemical union with alumina, 
and silica chemically combined with potass, it is a 
double salt, a silicate of alumina and a silicate of potass 
chemically combined together. Mica is a silicate of 
alumina, silicate of potass and a silicate (per silicate) 
of iron chemically combined. Our Temple granite does 
not contain mica, but a substitute for it tliat is even 
more complex in its nature, a horn-blende, which is a 
compound of several silicates. It is this comolex charac- 
of the silicates that gives rise to the great variety of 
earths, decomposition breaks up the rugged masses of our 
mountains, water carries off the products to lower levels 
to be deposited in other states, as will be explained when 
the litho-logical structure of our rocks is under consider- 
ation. 

Now, children, make a solution of water glass; get some 
fragments of marble and ]iut them in a bottle. Pour in 
some water, so as to cover the marble. Then carefully add 
some hydrochloric acid (muriatic acid). The carbonic 
acid now set free may he poured out of the bottle into the 
solution of soluble glass, for it is heavier than the atmos- 
phere. Thus the silicic acid may be separated, and the 
first lesson in rocli making be practically illustrated. 

Beth. 



ELISHJ^ ICEISTT I^^nSTE. 



From "Famous Boys and How They Becamr Great Men." 

Published by James Miller, New York. 



THE name of Elisha Kent Kane, in the language of his 
biographer, has passed into history, the history of 
science and heroic adventure. The youth of his country 
desire to know him personally, intimately. There is a 
lesson in his life for them. Hero-worship is a form of de- 
votional faith which mayor may not yield its best fruit to 
the worshiper: the spirit of a generous emulation must 
work in him to produce them, and for this he needs the 
directory of the facts and influences which grew his model 
into greatness. 

Elisha Kane was born in Philadelphia on the 3rd of 
February, 1820; his father was John K. Kane, a member 
of the Philadelphia bar, and afterward Judge of the 
United States District Court. Elisha was tlie eldest of 
seven children. His child-history is full of incidents and 
adventures; in his boyhood he evinced the same daring 
spirit and indomitable energy and perseverance which 
characterized him through life, and in his Arctic adven- 
tures rendered him the pride of his countrymen, and the 
admiration of the world. 

His frame was admirably fitted for all manner of athletic 
exercises, and his impulses kept it well up to the limits of 
its capabilities, daring and doing everything within the 
liberties of boy-life with an intent seriousness of despera- 
tion which kept domestic rule upon the stretch. It was 
not the monkey mirthfulness, nor the unprincipled reck- 
lessness of childhood, that he was chargeable with, but 
something more of purpose and tenacity in exacting 
deference and enforcing equity than is usually allowed to 
boyhood. 
Diflicult, daring, and desperate enterprises, not only 







lA' 






?5^ 

191 



J" TJ "^T E IT I L E IlTSTl^TJOTOie/. 






useless but recklessly wild, worked in him like one 
possessed. The following exploit will illustrate this pecu- 
liarity of his character: 

When about ten years of age, he was seized with a desire 
to reach the top of the kitchen chimney, wliicli stood 
sixteen feet above the roof, and set about to accomplish it 
in the following manner: 

Having made such preparations as were necessary, he 
fixed upon the night for the attempt, and waiting until all 
the family were asleep, then, arousing his younger 
brother, who slept witli liim, tliey proceeded to the roof of 
the front building, and drojiped "themselves upon that of 
tlie kitchen. 

Tlie clothes-line, with a stone tied securely to one end, 
was already lying there in wait for them. 

"What is the stone for?" inquired his brother. 

"Why, you see, Tom, the stone is a dipsey. I call it a 
dipsey (a newly-coined word of his to suit the occasion) 
because I'm going to throw it into tlie flue, so tliat it will 
run down into tlie old furnace, carrj-ing the line down 
with it, and then I can slip down and fasten it there. Now 
for a heave. Tlie chimney-top is almost too high for me. 
It is pretty near twenty feet, I should think; but I'll do 
it." 

After many unsuccessful attempts in throwing the line, 
he at last succeeded, and the stone was heard to fall within 
the chimney. Elisha rushed through the trap-door down 
to the kitchen, fastened tlie stone, and was back again 
ready for tlie most ditHcult part of the undertaking. 

The chimney was built on the edge of the roof and very 
narrow, so Tom was firmly planted with the rope in his 
liand by which to prevent Elisha from swinging out be- 
yond tlie roof, and thereby run tlie risk of falling some 
forty or fifty feet to the pavement below. 

These precautions being taken, Elisha seized the rope, 
commenced his ascent hand over hand, but on reaching 
tlie top bricks he attempted to draw himself up by them, 
hut found they were loose and insecure. With much dif- 
tifulty he managed to get bis elbows over tlie edge, and 
then ilexterously worked himself up to the top. 

"Oh, 'Tom," exclaimed he, as he seated liimself on the 
dizzy height, "what a nice place this is! I'll get down 
into the flue to my waist, and pull you up too. Just make 
a loop in the rope and I'll haul you in. Don't be afraid — 
it is so grand up here." 

But this feat he could not accomplish, his strength 
proving inadequate. 

Descending tlio rope now was nearly as dangerous as the 
ascent, but he began the descent cautiously though fear- 
lessly, and reac-hed the roof in safety. It wa.s now neces- 
sary to remove all eviilence of tlieir wild prank, and after 
thoroughly wasliiiig the rope, cleansing it from tlie chim- 
nev soot, they retired to bed, liappy in tlie success of their 
t:i.4k. 

"J'^Iisha as a boy had not a vice or a fault tliat could 
spoil the man; but he liad scarcely an JMclination tliat 
promised success in the life designed for him. Tliere was 
rilling at breakneck speeil to lie done; trees and rocks to 
(limb; pebbles to jiick; dogs to train; chemistry, geology, 
and geography to e.\i)lore, with his eyes and lingers on 
the fact.s; sketching, whittling, and cobbling to do, with 
other heroics of muscle and mind — all mixed in a medley 
of matter and system, fur which there was no pniniising 
l)recedent, and no iirophecy of gooil." 

It wa.s not until hi^ sixteenth year that he began to feel 
tlie deficiencies of his edueallon, be then aildressed hiiii- 
.Hclf vigorously to the v.ork of" rei)airing them, and made 
such rapid progress in bis studies that he was enabled to 
enter the I'niversity at \'irgiiiia in the same year. He 
remaiiuMi here a year and a lialf, when a dangerous illness 
Koiiipelleil him to relini|uisli his studies ami return home. 
This illness proved to be a diseiu^e of the heart, and for a 
long period there was little hojie of his recovery. The 
physician told him that any incautious movement might 
prove fatal, "^ou m.ay fall, Elisha," said he, "its sud- 
lienly as from a niiisket-sbot." With this knowledge ever 
jireseiit before him, he became earnest and hojieful, i)re- 
pared to die, ready to live. 

Once, while at the University he told a cousin that he 
was "determined to make his mark in the world." And, 
notwithstanding the critical nature of the disease, wliicli 
rendered death almost impeniling and at any moment 
probable, he resolutely jmrsucd this {(urjiose, and in no 



instance abated his eflTorts or his studies in consequence of 
his physical infirmities. 

He adopted the profession of medicine, entered the of- 
fice of Dr. William Harris, of I'hiladelphia, and pursued 
his studies witii much zeal and determination, although 
his recovery was as yet tardy and imperfect. In his 
twenty-first-year, he was elected Resident Physician in 
the Pennsylvania Hospital, Blockley. 

His youtliful anpearance told against him at first, but 
soon his dignified character and intelligence won for liim 
the respect and confidence, both of his associates and 
patients. 

He remained in the Hospital nearly two years, when he 
was ofTered and accepted the position of physician to the 
Chinese Embassy, which left our coast in May, 1843. 

On the voyage, the vessels stopped and were frequently 
delayed at various points, and Dr. Kane invariably seized 
the opportunity thus afforded him, by traveling into the 
interior, and exploring and visiting all that was of inter- 
est. Upon one of these occasions, he had the hardihood 
and daring to enter the crater of the volcano of Tael, 
which is situated on one of the Phillippine Islands. 

"His descent into the Tael was a feat wliich only one 
European has attempted before, and he without success. 
Dr. Kane was in company with Baron Lae. They had an 
escort of natives, provided by the ecclesiastics of the 
neighboring sanctuary of Casaisay, who pointed out the 
only pathway to the brink of the'crater. 

"The two gentlemen attempted the descent together, 
but they soon reached a projecting ledge from which 
farther progress was absolutely precipitous. After search- 
ing in vain for some more practicable route, the Baron 
gave up the project, and united with the rest of the jiarty 
in efforts to persuade the doctor to abandon it also. But 
that was out of the question. It was Kane's temper to 
meet difficulty with proportioned endeavor, and to do his 
best to master it before he yielded. 

"The attendants very reluctantly gathered from the 
jungle a quantity of bamboos, and fastened them into a 
rude but strong rope, by wliich, under the guidance of the 
Baron, they lowered him over the brink." 
(To be contiiiurd.) 



J^ l^.E3VLIlSriSGEiTOE, 



Once wbi a I was a little boy, 

I sat mil down to cry, 
Because my little lirother had 

"The biggest piece" of pie ; 
'Twas not but.I had quite cuoiigli, 

But then I couldn't see 
The reason wby a partial nurse 

Should give hiui more than me. 

They said I was a naughty boy, 

But who lias not soeu men 
Behave tbeinsolves as foolishly 

As I behaved thonV 
Too often we are thankless for 

llich blessings, while we sigh 
To think some luckier neighbor has 

"A bigger jiicco'' of pie. 



Tun-; faith makes the saint humble^ active, and self- 
ileiiying; false faith leaves men proud, indolent, and sel- 
lish. 



vJTJ^T'EIsriLE insrsTi?.TJOTOi^ 

Is publisheiliin Salt Bake City, L'tah Territory, 
KVKIIY OTHKU SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Sivi/tc ('"pn, pir Anninn %'\ (III. 

Sini/le Oipi/, for Six Monllun 1 .50, 

9W Crnin broii;,'lit to IIiIh City for the .Iivknii.k ssTiiiu'Ton will be 
rcciiveU at the ofllcc of our pninr— Demciikt Nkws IIcildinos. 



3^ 



"i^^ii 



