




^sw^^^-^%| 



VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, NOVEMBER 13, 1875. 



NO. 23 



THIIE SHARK 




Sharks are sometimes twenty or thirty feet long — fierce, 
hungry creatures, with terrible jaws, lips like leather, and 
six rows of sharp, white teeth, ready to tear up any poor saSlor 
who may happen to fall overboard; so we may fancy what re- 
joicing there is on 
board when Mr. 
Shark is made prison- 
er, and hauled up on 
deck by his c r u s 1 
mouth. But the men 
have to look out, or 
he will bite off legs 
and arms if he gets a 
chance of a snap, 
even after he has 
been made prisoner. 
There are many 
dreadful stories told 
about these fierce 
creatures. In some 
parts of the world 
they are worshiped. 
In olden times on the 
Sandwich Islands the 
natives idolized the 
Shark, fed it regularly 
and would not have it 
injured if they could 
prevent it. Ignorant 
people in other parts 
of the world have en- 
tertained the same 
ideas respecting 
Sharks. Sailors have 
a great dread of them, 
and are very super- 
stitious respecting 
them. If there be a 
sick man on board the 
ship, and a Snark is 
seen to follow the 
ship, as they some- 
times do, day after 
day, they conclude 
that the man is 




doomed to die, and that the Shark is only swimming behind 
them to obtain his body as prey. When they haul one aboard, 
as we see them doing in the engraving, they sometimes treat 
the Shark very cruelly, cutting him to pieces with hatchets. 

They have been 
known to cut out the 
eyes of a Shark and 
turn him adrift, thus 
leaving hiru to a dark- 
ened and miserable 
existence. They hate 
them terribly. At 
one time at Port Roy- 
al, in the West Indies, 
the sailors would 
sometimes slip over- 
board from English 
ships of war and swim 
ashore to desert. To 
prevent this, a Shark 
of extraordinary di- 
mensions was fed by 
order of the admiral 
on purpose to prevent 
the men from desert- 
ing. If a man at- 
tempted to go over 
the side and swim to 
the shore, the Shark 
was sure to catch him. 
It is not long since, 
that we read of a 
sloop-of-war having 
capsized near the east 
coast of Cuba, where 
the Sharks are very 
numerous. The men 
hung about the wreck 
till the Sharks collect- 
ed and began to fight 
for their prey. The 
first man bitten was 
the lieutenant, whose 
leg was taken off 
above the knee. II 





J TJ'V IE I£T I L IE IITSTBUCTOE, 



still encouraged his craw, but was soou afterwards torn to 
pieces. No less than thirty-three of these people wei" dragged 
off, one by one, and devoured by the Sharks. The remaining 
few were rescued by an American vessel. "We extract the 
following account of a Shark from a San Francisco paper. The 
occurrence described happened in San Francisco bay: 

"On Deck' ' had led an eventful life. A sailor in y nth, a diver 
in manhood and a "ne'er-do-well" in old age, he saw more than 
falls to the lot of most men. He came to California in early 
times, and was the hem of a shark story. In 185] James 

Ca ' lore, while wai ping the ship Gen see t h 

ketsti i irf lost an anchor. "On Deck" was the 

o-n'ydi' '1 Matthews then known in the city, and 

iieover the anchor. "On Deck" c tuplied, 
and hi] I i I a shark hovcrii ; i "■■■• feel above 

| ,-ideutly o! rving his movements, fl a:; al 

i eighteen feet lu 1 was 1 i 

of tli is of tl hark kind Hih cl 

i, ed the u'nc. I • 

■ i.ee 

I ■ , . ■ 

u I p. in armor i r • ■', .i 1 tl ! [eel 

[] , ■ . | 1;] | ■ . 

limed fnnner 

. I ...... , . - | |, h - own 

b bo le nose. tij a. .-upper," an ' un'.i 
a viiri'.nu toj 
net, wh i he ll iu h f til a is I's'.i; ho llii 

i , i i - n. .ii m ies i.\ ■ i 

v, i ■■' ■:".•■, h ody. 

ingl ', ■ ii i I :n ' I he water 

: ;c ] | : ,, .,,,■'■ i . ,. .: > : i ! ■.,.'' 

man hauled uuimme but 

i rely ese.jpe. ' i-ij pe ! at hima he as e . e I 

ami thre if hi ;oe w ;..;. ih o \'. A lii tie more and his 
i b tie nit booton j living it. The happy 

hi of uiu Idj '.iiu the waiter saved his life. 

THIE WILD HOInTBY-BEB. 




\YTn.n bi es are abundant in India, the islands of the Malay 
? Archipelago, Crete and all the Greek islands, the .west 
coast ot Africa, and throughout America. Those in the United 
States are all of foreign origin. There were none west of the 
Mississippi before 1797, nor in California before 1S50 ; and the 
Indians call the bee the white man's fly. In regions where 
wild bees a 1 ound, bee-hunting is a distinct and important 
business, pursued by professional hunters or experts. In Af- 
rica, Tndia'and the Indian islands, the hunter is unerringly 
guided to ajbee-tree by a bird of the cuckoo family. Well.-.* 
"Explorations in Honduras" states that in Central America 
wild swarms generally establish themselves in the hollow limbs 
of trees: these are removed to the porches of the houses, and 
i ... ■., I id by thongs; in this primi ive way large quantities 
tnd wax are obtained. The honey of some of these 
.-warms i> stored in wax bags two or more inches long, ranged 
along ;U-- hive in rows, while the bro id-cells occupy the center 
.ii' i le hive. Iu Timor and other Indian islands there is a wild 
bee that builds huge honej unb of -"emi- circular form, and 
often three or four eel in diameter, which are suspende in the 
open air, from the under sid i of the uppermost branches i f 
the highest tn ■-. These the hunter take- by climbing to 
them, h il liii ir a -m king torch under them t • stupefy or drive 
away the bees, au.l then cutting off the eu.a'j close t the 
1 m ,. 



^!i! 



m erica* 



BY G. M. O. 



THE MUYSCAS. 



had a a fhil 

hoice ' ' ' 

i. ... 



THE Muyseas, or Chibehas, a nation of semi-civilized Indians, 
inhabited the country now comprising Venezuela, New 
Gram la and Equador, or the United States of Columbia. 
B ,'. re the arrival of the Spauiard:. this nation was highly 
a Ivanced in civilization, and founded an empire, subjugating 
:. ■ een S irinza, ' i i i I 6° north, and Suma 
p ' itul I ith, ineludin he table landsof Bognr.i at 1 
Ttuija. The population ol hi impire at the time of the 

, ^ , , . . . | 2QQ ■., 

J ,0')!), '"' re 

.. . , . . ling a1 

! pii at Tunja, an 1 tl cque, 

. p I i them ■■ 

in 'a ' ■ . : . I 

:'■''. hiehtl lid Boclvi 

■ ■ ■'■ ' . .'' ' • '' . ' ' ' ' • ' 

■ ! ' " ''._•' . I ... 'i igh 

".;.'.... |. i . a io 

, '■ cfc-of i.hci ' ' • ■ ■ I 

i . : I ' 

' '. | :'.! an '. ' of the 

'..s We 1 !mi f.'dm " . at.a that the people were cl ithe 1 in 
b 1 c' . ■ . hi e ■■ i 1 color id 'm at es of eott ai do h, some of the 
■w alien wearing cotton caps. .Tin ir houses weie I tilt of tim- 
ber, and thatched. Those of the chief's were like i as les with 
■ large enclosures, having large courts with mouldings and paint- 
ings. They cultivated maize, yucca, turnips, potatoes and 
q rin. i , a species of rice. Salt was manufactured by them 
into large In .ves from saline spring-?. With this article thev 
carried on a great traffic with adjacent trib's. They cured 
meat with salt; Quesada says he found "many sides and large 
pieces of venison dried with salt." They wrought gold into 
plates and various ornaments, such as collars, rings, bracelets, 
cr iwns, idols, animals of all. kinds; and they cut emeralds and 
other hard stones into various shapes and figures (Herr ira His- 
t ay of America, v. 77-87). Hamilton mentions the disccn e y 
of an ancient Indian ring, made of platina (History of Colum- 
bia, ii., 239). Their military weapons we're long pikes, darts, 
slings, bows and arrows and maeanas, or swords. They threw 
darts by means of slings, also with the estolica or hand-board. 
They marched with good order and maneuvered well in time 
of battle. Their kings and iiriests were treated by the people 
with the greatest respect and submission, and in point of mor- 
ality, says Herrara "these Indians were rational enough, pun- 
is!. ing crime-, particularly murder and theft." They were very 
observant of the precepts of their religion, having temples 
not only in their towns and villages, but numbers of little chap- 
els or oratorios on their roads with golden or wooden idols 
placed in them. They also had consecrated lakes and woods 
where they made sacrifices (McCulloh, 342). 

The sun and moon, according to Herrara (v 90), were looked 
upon as the universal creators, but numerous idols were wor- 
shiped. Baron Humboldt (Researches, i. 74) gives the fol 
owing tradition of the Muyseas; "In the remotest timesbeforj 



* 





CTTJVBITIIjE IE"STRTJCTOB 



267 





the moon accompanied the earth, the inhabitants of the plain 
of Bogota lived like barbarians, naked, without any form of 
laws or religious worship. Suddenly appeared among them an 
old man, who came from the plains cm the east of the Cordil- 
1 "ra of Chingasa, and who appeared to be of a race unlike that 
of the natives, having a long, bushy beard. lie was known by 
three distinct appellations, Bochica, Nemquetheba, and Zui e. 
This old man instructed men how to clothe themselves, build 
huts, till the ground and form themselves into communities. 
He brought with him a woman to whom tradition also givi - 
three names, Chia, Tobecayguaga and Huythaca. This woman 
was extremely beautiful and no less maligi uit, thwartin 
enterprise her husband proposed for tin' ^nefit "I mankind." 
As a punishment she was driven from the earth ami she 
became the moon. Bochica built towns and improved the Ian 1 
in various ways, introduced the worship of the sun, named two 
chiefs to lead the people, between whi m be divided the civil 
and ecclesiastical authority, ami then withdrew himself into 
the holy valley of Iraea, where he lived in the exerci c of the 
most austere penitence. The same tradition also relates that 
Bochica. who bad established himself high priest of Sog nnozo 
or Iraca, advised the people to choose for a sovereign Uunea- 
hua, revered on account of his wisdom and justice. Bochica 
lived a bundled Muysca cycle-, or two thou and years, lie 
then disappeared mysteriously. lie was represented as having 
three heads, being a triplicate deity, who nevertheless fom e 1 
but one divinity. He was not only considered the !av 
and founder of the religious system of the Muj cas, but to 
him was attributed tic invention of their pe -uii.il- cal 
arrangement of time. A week consisted of three days, ten 
weeks making a month, twenty months a year and twi ■;. j 
an age. They also used a rural year of twe .. ' rtc i 

sinus or month'., which was reckoned from one season of r n 
to anjther. They engraved on ^ones the signs whi F) | 
over the years, nioous and lunar days. Th i remind 

the priests in what Zocam, or Muysca year, such or 
moon (suna) became intercalary (McCulloh, p. 352). At the 
time of the celebration of tin- ceremony which marked the 
opening of a new cycle of filteen years, the barbarou sa 
of a human victim, called guesa, was performed. The ' 
was a child, carefully educated in the temple of the sun at 
Sogamozo till the age of fifteen. !! h n led in ; 

sion to the sacrificial altar, a impa d by masked 
some representing Bochica, othei ' in° hi euible - 'his 
wife Chia; others resembled fn 

the symbol of e\il, figured with one eye, four car a d 
tail. The blood of the victim w is received into I 

This barbarous ceremony ha trikii ! > 

that celebrated by the Mexicans al (he en 1 of theii 
of fifty-two year-. 

Under the fanaticism of the S] ' rerythin inl r 

in the history and religion of the Muyscas, beyond tl 

particulars mentioned have 1 u lost, and the n ircho : 

dissertations of i lern travelers and author; convey bui an 

imperfect idea of what the Muy :a civilization was in times 
preceding the Spanish conquest. 

Rnnning.due north from the Ande Mountain , near Po] 
in New Granada, are two great ri\ : ' i r oi at river with 

a parallel branch. They empty into the Carribcan Sea, and 

are called Magdalena River 1 (the branch) Cauca lliver. 

Th.- Magdalena is undoubtedly the Sidon of the Book of 
Mormon, and somewhere on the hanks of this river was located 

the historical city >o often mentioned in that 1 1. 

Zarahemla (See pages 139-40, 403, but mere par icularly 



No extensive luins have been discovered by modern travelers 
in this region of country, llerrara (i. p. 16) speaks of large 
bouses In t conveniently contained above one hundred and 
fifty persons, and mentions a territory in this neighborhood 
called Zeno, where, in a field near a large temple, "were found 
abundance of grave.-, some of them so ancient that large trees 
bad grown over them. The-e graves or tombs were large and 
■ i agnificent, adorned with broad stones and vaults, into which 
the dead holies were laid." Manv of the e tombs were large 
n oms. Humboldt (Personal Narrative, iv. , 314) says in Ven- 
ezuela on the plains of Varina areu uuientsof the industry of 

a nation that lias disappeared. He also mentions tumuli that 
he examined, and describes a road constructed by ibis extinct 
e . ion, liv. leagues long and fifteen feet high, crossing a plain 
often overflowed. 

(To he' Continued.) 



^ n>- - • ^B»- - -*«***■ 



ir,:e jve i:i>tiso lEirsro :es- 



BT KLDEK JOHN TAYl.oK. 



(Condudtil.) 

A CIRCUMSTANCE occurred in Germantown which is not with- 
out interest. A gentleman called upon me one day, and, 
bea'ging to be excused for the liberty which he was about to 
take, said: "Mr. Taylor, you do not act as most preachers do, 
you have said nothing about your circumstances or money; yet 
von have been here some time sick and have frequently preached 
to us. in which we have felt very much interested. Your 
doctors', hotel and other bills most be he a y. and T and some 
friends h ive been speaking about this matter, and would like 
to ass's' eon. but have been afraid of giving offense; [, how- 
ever h ive taken the liberty of speaking to you on this subject 
and of informing you that if you will accept something at our 
i , , . ... . ,; n o , ,,i e ,.,. ... | 1 : ,.,,-e in contributing it." T 

thitnl ed th it'ei kindly for his offer and his | 

■ >. ., | htm, an 1 told him that 1 proa hed without purse or 
ieavinu the Led to arrange these matters: nd as they 

pted by the Lord as well as their own nee ai 

impulses I houldn ive with gratitude what they fell dis] a d 

t ., jive, and thank the Lord and also them. This was really 
v ry opportune for I needed it very much to meet my 

. ! .,.. t l i ,, ni ■ e I took the stage, and. ti ; - 
. i n g ... !•: .! mnnd, Iowa. 1 held meeting in a pi : II where 

ilt n ition, two hours after my arrival, 

I ! ■ ! to Dayton Ohio. I there was 

• an I al n - [it with a brothers little outside 

,,-,,. and while preachin r was attacked by a vio level 

I lf -| , ser j ( ,, ,. i . bein.a ipain confined for some time. 

■••,- j] ;i , ,,. Ridois George V Smith, Theodore Turley and 

one or two ot.hi I n •■. with whom 1 went to Kirtland, 

Ohio, at which place I bad another relapse; I again fell into 
kind hands and was very well treated. While there] met 
Presid nt 1! Young, Heber C. Kimball and others. We 
preached in tl o Temple, an I c rtain ordinances having been 
, t , Pre Me,,: Young, 1 started in companj with 

tl . hren for the En t; they to visil si friends I 1 

t0 ;,„,.. nemv journey to New York city, where I found P. P. 

Pratt, who, Mil th having left alter I did h.-M arrived some 

,;„„. before, He was presiding over a large branch there and 

was enga I in publishing his "Voice of Warning' and 

"Millennial Poems." He welcomed me to his hmi c and 
I Mini his good lady treated tne with every mark of kindw 





S6S 



CTTJ'VIEIDTILIE UsTSTBUCTOR 





and respect. There I found Brother Woodruff, who had been 
there some time and was prepared to leave for England. 

On my arrival at New York, although I had always had 
plenty of means on the route, I fouud that my finances were 
quite low; for after paying my cab fare to Brother Pratt's 
house I had just one cent left. Several of the brethren 
inquired as to my circumstances. Not wishing to plead 
poverty I told them that I had plenty of money. Some of 
the brethren had mentioned this circumstance to Brother 
Pratt, who said to me one day, "Brother Taylor, I hear you 
have plenty of money. " "That is true," I replied. "Well" 
said he, "I am very much in need of money just now, and if 
you could furnish me two or three hundred dollars I should be 
much obliged, as I am just now publishing my 'Voice of 
Warning' and 'Millennial Poems,' ' I told him that he was 
quite welcome to anything I had if it was any use to him. 
He answered, "I never saw a time when it would be of more 
use to me." I then pulled out my cent and offered it to him, 
whereupon we had a hearty laugh. "But," said Parley, 
"didn't you say you had plenty of money?" "Yes, and so I 
have, I am well clothed, you furnish me with plenty to eat and 
drink and a good lodging. Witn all these things and a cent 
over, as I owe nothing, is not that plenty?" 

At a counsel meeting held the same evening Brother Pratt 
proposed that the brethren assist me with means to go to 
England as Brother Woodiuff was prepared and desirous to 
go. I thanked Brother Pratt for his kindness, but told 
the brethren if they had anything to give to let Brother 
Pratt have it, as he had his family to provide tor and 
needed means for publishing, and I would thank them all the 
same, and would go when I got ready. After meeting, Brother 
Woodruff told me that he regretted that I had taken such a 
course and refused the offer, as he had been waiting for me 
aud had engaged his passage. I replied, "Well, Brother 
Woodruff, if you think it best for me to go I will accompany 
you." "But," said he, "where will you get the meant?" I 
knew by the impression that I had that 1 could get it, and 
replied, "Oh, there will be no difficulty about that, go aud 
take me a passage on your vessel aud I will furnish the means." 
Brother Theodore Turley who was present, hearing this, and 
thinking, I presume, that I had some resources unknown to 
them (which I had not, only as indicated by the Spirit of the 
Lord) said: "I wish I could go with you, 1 would do your 
cooking or do anything you wanted." "Then Brother Wood 
ruff," said I, "take another passage for Elder Turley and I 
will furnish you the means for him and me 

As soon as I left Brother Turley a brother was waiting to 
take me home with him, who said to me, "Brother Taylor. I 
am very sorry you did not accept the offer made you by Brother 
Pratt;" to which I replied that I knew Brother Pratt was in 
want of means as he had only that day asked me to loan him 
some, and that I didnot wish to interfere with bis affairs either 
relating to his family or his publications, to which the mother 
replied. "That would have made no difference, the brethren 
would have assisted you and him also, and I myself would 
have given you something without interfering with him." 
"Well," said I, "I will accept what you proposed giviDg me, 
and as my way opens I will go," upon which he handed me 
five dollars. Next day I went to dine with another brothir 
and after I left he followed me into the street and said "Elder 
Taylor I feel as if I ought to help you a little on your journej ; 
f am only a poor man, but it five dollars is of any service to 
you I shall be pleased to give it." I thanked him and accepted 
the money. The same evening I was invited to supper with a 
friends as Sister Simmon s, where for the first time I 



mentioned publicly that I was going with Elder Woodruff. 
They replied "We must assist you some if you are going with 
him as he starte in a few days," and they gave me ten or twelve 
dollars. In a day or two there was a meeting held in a large 
hall at which I preached, biddine the people good-bye, telling 
them that I was going to start on a certain day specified, with 
Brother Woodruff There was a very good feeling in the 
meeting and the brethren flocked to me after it was over and 
shook hands with me. In doing so, some put one dollar, some 
two dollars some half and some quarter of a dollar into my 
hand, and when I was through I found that I had just enough 
to pay for the passage of Brother Turley and myself to Eng- 
land, which I handed to Brother Woodruff to pay our fares. 
The brethren an I sisters of New York had supplied us with 
be iding, food and a very "enerous outfit, and that left me to 
arrive in England as I started, without purse or scrip. 



TSIE ^IR,T OIF" FK.inST'X'IlNrG-. 



BY R.1LLO. 



(Continued.) 



STEREOTYPING— ELECTROTYPING. 

Stereotyping is said to have been invented by J. Van dtr 
3Iey, of Holland, in 1698, and a quarto Bible and some 
other works were printed by him from plates, which were 
made by simply soldering the bottoms of common type together. 
This must have been a great trouble to him, to say nothing of 
the care aud skill requisite in order to make the plates of a 
uniform thickness. William Ged. of Edinburgh, discovered 
the present mode of stereotyping in 172j. and stereotyped 
parts of the Bible and Prayer-book. We learn that, he 
encountered malicious opposition, and the business was aban- 
doned, the new method dying with the inventor. About 1745, 
Benjamin Meeoui, a nephew of Dr. Franklin, cast plates for a 
number of the pages of the New Testament, and Br Alexander 
Tiloch, of Glasgow, re-discovered the art in 1781. The art 
gradually spread, and soon became a potent means in the 
reduction of the eost of books; and at present nearly every 
important work is stereotyped or electrotyped. The majority 
of the metropolitan papers are also stereotyped. "Several 
methods of stereotyping are now practiced. Many of the 
leading newspapers of England aud America are printed from 
stereotype plates cast in moulds made of prepared paper: 
this method is, however, very inferior, and is not applicable to 
fine books. 

Mr. Thomas Maekelkr, in the American Printer, gives the 
following description of the procees of stereotyping: 

"Matter for stereotyping is set with high spaces and quad- 
rats. The forms must be small, containing about two pages 
of common octavo. A slug, type-high, is put above the top 
line and another below the foot line of each page, to 
protect the ends of the plates from injury when they 
are passed through the shaving-machine. Beveled slugs, 
ii height equal to the shoulder of the type, are placed 
on both sides and between the pages, to form the flange by 
which the plate is to be clasped by the hooks of the printing- 
block. 

Before the form is sent into the foundry, the type must be 
carefully compared with the proof, to detect any errors which 
may have been left uncorrected. Care must be taken to lock 
up the form perfectly square and quite tight, to prevent the 
types from being pulled out when the mould is raised fro 





JXJ^EiiTIXjE I-STSTl^aCTOIR. 



269 




the pages. It must be evenly planed down, and no ink or dirt 
or incrustations from the lye be allowed to remain on the 
surface. 

The face of the type being clean and dry, and the bottoms 
free from particles of dirt, the form is laid on a clean mould- 
ing-stone, and brushed over with sweet-oil, which must be laid 
on as thinly as possible, care being taken that the entire sur- 
face of the types is covered. A moulding-frame, with a screw 
at each corner (called a. flask), and fitting neatly to the form, 
is next placed around it. 

The material for moulding is finely ground gypsum, nine 
parts of which are mixed with about seven parts of water, and 
well stirred up. A small quantity of the liquid mixture is 
poured over the pages, and gently pressed into the counter of 
the types with a small roller, for the purpose of expelling con- 
fined air ; after which, the remainder of the gypsum is poured 
in, until the mould is somewhat higher than the upper edge of 
the flask. In a few minute: the mixture sets, and the upper 
side is smoothed over with a steel straight-edge. In about ten 
minutes the mould is gently raised by means of the screws at 
the corners of the flask; and, after being nicely trimmed at 
the sides, and nicked on the surface-edges to make openings 
tor the metal to run in, it is placed on a shelf in an oven, and 
allowed to remain until the moisture has quite evaporated. 

The casting- pans may be large enough to hold three or four 
moulds. The dried moulds are placed in a pan, lace down- 
ward, upon a movable iron plate called a floater. The 
cover of the casting-pan, which has a hole at each corner for 
the passage of the metal, is then clamped to it, and lifted by 
a movable crane and gently lowered into the metal pot — con- 
taining, it may be a thousand pounds of liquid metal — till the 
metal begins to flow slowly in at the corners. When the pan 
is tilled, it is sunk to the bottom of the pot. The metal > hou'd 
be hot enough to light a piece of brown paper held in it. 
After being immersed eight or ten minutes, the pan is steadily 
drawn out by means of the crane, and swung over to the cool- 
iognrough, into which it is lowered and rented upon a stone :-o 
as just to touch the water, in order that the metal at the 
bottom of the pot may cool first. The metal contracts while 
cooling, and the caster occasionally pours in a small quantity 
at the corners from a ladle till it will take no more. 

The plates are carefully removed from the solid mass which 
comes out of the pan, and th^ plaster is washed from the sui- 
face. If, after examination, the face is good and sharply set, 
the plates are passed over to a picker, who removes any slight 
defects arising from an imperfection of the mould. They are 
then trimmed and passed through the shaving-machine, till 
all are brought to an equal thickness. The flanges are neatly 
side-planed, and the plates are then boxed, ready lor the print- 
ing-press " 

In England, however, the plates are merely turned on the 
back, and, consequently, vary in thickness. And they must be a 
continual expense as well as annoyance to the pressman; for 
if they vary even a shade in thickness, they require a great 
deal of trouble in order to "bring them up," to the exact 
impression of the others American stereotyping is scarcely 
known abroad, although it is said to be far superior to foreign 
methods. 

Lately, stereotyping has, in a measure, given way to the 
application of galvanism, named electrot.yping, and may some 
time be superseded by it, although the former is said to be 
better for moderate editions. 

The pages are made ready and laid in a press prepared, and 
warmed wax is placed over the pages and pressed down to the 
counter of the types. The mould is carefully dusted with 



plumbago, to give it a metallic surface, and is then suspende 
in a galvanic battery, and on this, in a few hours is deposited 
a thin shell of copper, which, after being coated with tin solder, 
is backed up with metal to the usual thickness of stereotype 
plate. This method of electro-stereotyping, is said to be very 
desirable for Bibles and similar worksof which immense editions 
are required. Wood-cuts are usually electrotyped, as a stereo- 
typed mould cannot be drawn unless the wood-cut has been 
previously coated with gum, which thickens the lines, and 
injures the effect of the engraving. 

(To be Continued.) 



WHICH GOT THE PLAOB. 



r pwo boys applied for a place in a gentleman's store. One 
L was older than the oth t, and had had some experience in 
the business. His father was a man of some means, and he 
was well dressed. The other boy was the only son of a poor 
widow. His clothes were we'l mended, but perfectly clean, 
and his face had a quiet,' honest expression which impressed 
a stranger favorably. Tiuugh the elder boy came highly 
recomuieuJed from a gentleman he greatly esteemed, the mer- 
chant decided in favor of the widow's son, much to the sur- 
prise of everyone in the store. A circumstance which seemed 
trifling in itself had influenced him in making this decision. 

The two loys came together at the hour appointed, and the 
merchant was standing on his own doorstep at the time. Just 
then a poor little shivering child crossed tne street, and as she 
stepped on the sidewalk her foot slipped on the icy stones, and 
she fell in the half- melted snow. The elder boy laughed 
rudely at her sorry appearance, while the water dripped from 
her thin, ragged clothes; but the child began crying bitterly, 
and searching for the four pennies she had lost. William, the 
younger boy, hastened to her side, and helped her search for 
them. Two were found in the snow, the other two were prob- 
ably in the little icy pool beside the curbstone. William 
bravely stripped up his sleeve and plunged his hand down into 
the water, groping about till one of the missing pennies was 
found; but the other seemed hopelessly lost. 

"I am afraid that can't be found, little girl," he said pleas- 
antly. "Then I can't get the bread." sobbed the child, "and 
mammy and the children will have no supper." 

"There is a penny," said William, taking one from a purse 
which contained but very few more, and he made haste to 
wash the dirt off his hand in the snow, and dry it on his 
coarse white handkerchief. The other boy looked on with 
contempt, and remarked, as they passed along: 

"Its plain enough you are a greenhorn in the city." 

The gentleman had observed it all, and scarcely asked the 
rude boy a question, but after some conversation with William, 
he said he would be willing to take him for a time on trial. 
At the end of his month of probation, he had grown so much 
in favor with all parties that the engagement was renewed for 
a year. 

Now, shall I tell you the secret of his success? It was his 
politeness. That means a kind expression of feelings. Many 
fashionable people are tar Irom being polite, and sometimes 
the most lowly are very remarkable for it. The merchant 
knew that the boy who would be truly polite to a poor little 
ragged child, woul i i ever be impolite to customers. He knew 
that a boy whose principles would hold out when he was 
laughed at. ccild l-e misted. Remember, that the boy who 
is uniformly polite in his behavior, has ten chances of success 
in the WOlld where a rude boy lias one. Sehcted, 





270 



vTTJVIEXn] ilb iustbtjotor. 





GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1875. 




S*^* 





BDITOHIAL THOUGHTS. 

EOPLE who have passed through the 

early experience of this Church, and 

shared in all the mobbings and drivings, 

can probably appreciate the blessings of 

abundance which we are now enjoying in 

:.'■ : ~'i% these valleys, as well or better than any 

l W.;< people who now live. They can easily 

Jr* S?t recall days and weeks, ami perhaps yea's, 

;' when they could not spare a mouthful of 

■ : f food, being so .limited in their supplies. 

ir" If such persons have profited by their past 

experience, they would not let a erumb be 

3K wasted. Children should be careful about their 

(^C^S^SsT food, their dress, and everything that they have 

C~^ or use, and learn not to waste even a crust of bread, 

v*T jfl or anything else that contributes to the sustenance 

| and comfort of themselves or others. 
' xF* When the Saints left Nauvoo they had but little 

provisions, an.', of course, they could not carry vegetables 
with them to last for a long period. Those who came straight 
on with the first companies to the valley had no! the privilege 
for years of eating any kind of tame vegetables. There were 
numbers of those who were here the first winter who doubtless 
thought the thistle runts which they dug very sweet. It' they 
were to taste them now, when they have plenty of potatoes 
and other excellent vegetables, they would think them very 
dry. tough, miserable eating. We well recollect bow sw< et the 
to;.- oi these thi.-tles tasted in the spring of 1848. They were 
the sweetest and most t nder greens it seemed then to us we 
ever hid tasted, and we often think we would like to try a 
mess of them now, to compare them with what they were at 
that time. It is likely we would think them very tough unpal- 
atable stuff to eat. Itwas hungerand the scarcity of vegetable 
load of that description doubtless which made them taste so 
very nice at that time. At Winter Quarters the boys dug 

'., and th m ht '1 - 11 nl eatiug, aud at Garden 

Grove they sue '''I in &}d ng ■ pith in the roots of 

1 n-y saplings which n and nutritious. Hun er 

makes manj articles nf'diel very sweet, which without it, 

I be thought until to' i : ■ e was beef eaten here 

during the first winter wh eh i i the pooresi pi | 

turn up their noses at to-day, and some even tried the virtue 
of crows and wol es, and liiik thcii 8 '-h bad eating 

either. Nowthatwi I ant} in the land it is well o 

sionally to recollect the scenes, of the past. The recoil tion .1 
them should inspire us with thanl ir the numerous 

blessings we now enjoy, and cause us to appreciate the kind- 
,, ol the Lord to His people. Another efTec these recollet - 
tions should have upon us is to make us economical with and 
ear. Ful of that which God has given unto us; and we should 
never forgot the poor and the needy. Their wants should be 
supplied, that no suffering exisl in the land; in fact we should 
i it as a religious dutj to be charitable to those who are 
in want. 



MANY Sunday Schools and some individual subscribers in 
the Territory for some years past have made calculations 
on buying complete volumes of the Instructor in a bound 
form at our office, to save the trouble of keeping their own 
files clean enough to have them bound. It may be that such a 
plan would be more satisfactory in some cases, where the object 
is not so much to have the paper to read as it is issued as to have 
it in a bound form for a library. As we propose publishing of 
the coming volume just the necessary number of copies to 
meet the demands of our subscribers, and not carry through 
the volume a large quantity of back numbers in hopes of their 
being subscribed for or bought up in bound volumes at the end 
of the year, it will be necessary for all those who wish to get 
bound volumes eonipletefroin the officein the future to subscribe 
and pay for them in advance of their being published. When 
subscribers do that they can please themselves whether they 
have their papers mailed to them as they are issued from this 
office or retained here until the completion of the volume and 
then get them in a bound form. 

We trust that our present subscribers who desire to have the 
paper continued on to them without interruption will not delay 
too long the renewing of their subscriptions, as the last num- 
ber of the present volume will reach them in about two weeks 
alter their receipt of this, and before that time we should have 
the lists at, this office of all those whose subscriptions are to 
commence with Number I of Volume 11. Subscriptions that 
come in later will have to eommi nee when they are received. 



CRUELTY TO ^USTTIMI^XjS. 



BY J'UIN HOWARD. 



I would in.t enter on my list ol' f'i iends 

(Though graced with polish'd manners aud fine sense, 

Yet wan ing sensibility) the man 

Who needlessly sets foot upon a worm. 

An inadvertent step may crush tin- -nail 

That crawls at evening in the public path; 

But he thai lei- humanity, forewarn'd, 

Will trea 1 aside and let the re]. tile live. CoWPBK. 

HOW beautiful are these words of the poet, and what a fine 
sentin enl is h ire expn ssed! He would not be willing to 
associate with a man who would thoughtlessly kill the offen- 
sive-looking snail, taking its evening stroll, and he declares 
that a loan endowed with refined fieeliugs would step aside 
and let the poor thing live. 
I have been pained a great many times in witnessing poor, 
bea I ill i ated by their so-called owners, or mas- 
ters, w] by i eir cruelty, showed that they possessed brutal 
minds. In ither countries societies are i ani 1 for the pre- 
vention o' cruelty t.. animals, and such tin organization might 
\ good in i very settlement of Utah, if in possession 
of power to pu h riders and teach them by experience 
th bcasl .f the field has rights that must be respected. 
There is hardly tiny punishment too severe for the "brute'' 
who will tie his horse to a posl or wagon-wheel, and, taking a 
"black- make" in band, unmercifully whip the poor creature. 
Nol onlj .1 .es the annua' -marl under the lash, but bis frantic 

e ia ,i brutality by tugging and pulling back 

frequently result in bis neck 1 eiug lacerated or almost jerked 
out of joint. Yet you bear men boasting ol' such conduct! 
They merit the condemnation oi every person possessed of a 
spark of kindness towards those of (bid's creatures who can- 
not plead for themselves. We all know, or should know 





0~ TJ AT" E 1ST I IL. E INSTB'aCTOR. 



271 





the kindness and sagacity of the horse, how faithfully he 
performs his allotted work, his joy at seeing his master or 
mistress, which is shown by his neighing — the only way he 
has of expressing welcome. He loves to hare you caress him 
by patting his neck, and I can assure you such acts of kind- 
ness are not thrown away even on the horse. 

Perhaps some of you have read that during the French 
occupation of Egypt, an officer, seeing a beautiful horse, was 
determined to possess it; and accordingly negotiations were 
set on loot to purchase it. The owner was found, and a large 
sum offered for it. He took the money, and the Frenchman 
was sanguine of success; but imagine his surprise when the 
Arab, after a few moments' reflection, threw down the purse, 
mounted his horse and was soon out of sight. Such was his 
love for the noble creature that gold could not part him and 
his steed. You may be sure that man, though a wandering 
Arab, belonging to a tribe regarded by the world as scarcely 
civilized, did not practice the brutality of ill-using his horse. 

There is another mode of torture which we frequently see 
practiced. I m«m the sin of over-loading them, and then 
using the lash to make them draw the load that nature has not 
given them strength to accomplish. An incident which occurred 
in this city some years since will illustrate this species of 
unkindness, and at the same time show the humane feelings 
that animated the breast of I he late President Heber C. 
Kimball: 

A man who was employed by the Church, hauling rock, and 
who was noted for his use of the. lash, bad got such a heavy 
load behind his oxen that they were unable to draw i:, and 
he was in the act of beating them most unmercifully and 
swearing at them when President Kimball happened to be 
passing, and hsu'ed him with, "Hold on, my friend, and allow 
me to help you!" The teamster handed his whip to Bi other 
Kimball, and taking hold of the wheel himself to lift at it, 
yelled out another oath at the oxen and told Brother Kimball 
to ply the whip, tie did so, not on the oxen however, but 
on the stooping back of the teamster, who, with an oath, 
demanded the cause ot such action. President Kimball 
replied, "If you with one lash smart so, how do yo.t think 
your cattle feel under your repeated blows? ' 

There is another kind of cruelty to the dumb animals that 
calls for our protest, which is the unpardonabl i n gleet shown 
them. Here is an owner of horses and cattle, who. after a 
hard day's work, will turn them adrift to pick a scanty meal 
in the streets, or break through his neighbor's fence, damaging 
trees and shrubs. Yon cannot blame the animals, for they 
are only obeying a law ot their nature, to satisfy' their hunger 
on what they can | ick up. Theirowner who has worked them 
all day, and thou, instead of housing and feeding them, turns 
them out in the cold to do the best they can, is entirely to 
blame. If any of the readers of the INSTRUCTOR are guilty of 
sue h acts, do- so no more. Show forth your humanity by 
takiDg care of them; they were given tor your use and not 
your abuse. If you have more than you can keep as you 
'should, sell the surplus, ami with the means acquired put up 
stables and sheds for the remainder; and show to the God of 
nature that you value His blessings to you, by being kind and 
not cruel to those which have been placed in your care. 

There are other acts of gross inhumanity to the animal 
creation, practiced by the juvenile portion of our community, 
and to my little friends I would more particularly speak anon. 

t§ i — «*---#^— — 

HAVE the courage to speak your mind when necessary and 
hold your tongue when yju should he silent. 



POLITENESS. 



BY HUGH KNOUGII. 



Now, my dear juveniles, I want to talk to you about polite- 
ness — true politeness, mind you, not that which you see 
in the ball room and on the stage, but its action in every-day 
life. 

No doubt you have observed, as 1 have, some boys (yes, 
and girls too) who, when sent on an errand, will, on entering 
a private house or public office — no matter to them what place 
— blurt out in a stupid and stammering manner so that all 
present might learn the purport of their visit, although the 
message might be intended for the private ears of one only. 
Thev stride in with a rush and a noise, most likely leaving the 
door open, and when they retire (without ceremony, perhaps 
not waiting to hear if there be an answer) if they do not hap- 
pen to forget the door will shut it with a bang. 

Again, you must have noticed some boys and girls, who, 
when they meet a lady or gentleman with whom, mind you, 
they are well acquainted, on the street or in meeting, will 
shamble by with head hung down, or, if noticing at all those 
they meet, will stare at them with vacant look or idiotic grin. 
Now, these specimens of humanity are not necessarily bud 
boy- and girls, nor is it often through a want of not knowing 
better, for they are often (or should be) told by their parents 
and teachers of their stupidity; but this clownishness often 
occurs through want of courage or self-confidence. They do 
not remember those little details of cleaning their shoes, knock- 
ing gentlyyet distinctly at and opening the door without noise or 
rattle, shutting it in mediately on entering, removing the hat, 
if a hoy, walking easily and lightly into the room, and having 
enough self-confidence when approaching the person they are 
vi iting to politely wish him. or her, a "(rood morning, sir." 
or "madam." as the case may lie. delivering their message in 
a sweet and plain tone of voice — not as if bawling at an auction 
sale — and when retiring doing so sedately, with a graceful how 
of the head. The same on the street, if meeting anyone you 
know, although it is not always convenient and necessary to 
addressthem, but let the boy, nevertheless, raise his hat with 
a how of the head, and the girl do likewise', minus the hat 
portion of the business. Ff you observe, you will find all true 
ladies and gentlemen perform this act ot' politeness. 

There are many other ways of showing a lack of politeness, 
in fact of appearing quite rude and boorish; for instance, walking 
a] abreast in the public street ami not making sufficient 
way to allow a person coming in the opposite direction to pass. 
n people must think that the tdev ilk was made solely for 
their personal use. Poof ignorant boors! Another way is to 
whisper iiv 1 no! pay attention to the speaker while in meeting, 
and pushing and squeezing when retiring, being in such a 
hurry to get out. as if the house were en Hie. Interrupting 
another person while speaking is very impolite and forgetting 
the use of those little phrases, "If you please" and "Thank 
you." 

There are many other Ways of -how-inn want of politeness, 
but I think your friend Hugh has pointed out sufficient for the 
present: but I will here mention one or two items that came 
lately under my observation, and wdiat all right minded people 

will call true specimens of politeness, A poor, lame old man 

was anxious to cross (nun the Eagle Emporium corner to the 
opposite side, but being lame and there being -o many wagons 

and carriages passing, he was afraid to attempt it. lie waited 
and waited, and presently a smart, good looking hoy came 





272 



JT7YBITII.-E I ZLST S T IR,T7 C T O IR, 



bustling along, and, his quick eye noticing the state of affair-, 
he spoke to the old man, and the sequel was, he piloted the old 
gentleman safely across, then hurried on at double speed, 
making up for lost time. This is specimen number one. 

In riding home one night on the cars, the seats being filled, 
I was forced to stand. Presently the car stopped and a poor, 
tired woman got aboard, having a large bundle of clothes. 
Some men were seated, but none offered to rise to make room 
for the poor woman (it might have been different had she been 
pretty and finely dressed). No so with a certain young lady; 
she quickly arose and insisted on the woman taking her seat. 
What a contrast between those boors and the young lady on 
board that car ! 

Are any of the readers of the Instructor guilty of the 
acts of impoliteness mentioned? I do hope that they are not. 
If they are, even in ever so little a way, let me beg of thtm 
to at once banish them forever, and never let it be said that a 
boy or giil who is a true Latter-day Saint is anything but a 
model of a true gentleman or lady. Read the life of that 
truly great and good man, Jesus Christ, while on earth, and 
follow his example in being humble, peaceful, helping, forgiv- 
ing and loving to all mankind. His life on earth was the vety 
acme of true politeness. 

In my next I will continue this subject by relating how a 
certain boy, very dear to me, was rewarded and held up as an 
example for remembering and carrying out that good old adage, 
'"Politeness costs nothing and may gain a great deal." 



About the Dromedary. — Thedrornedarieswhichareusedin 

the east for riding, are small and lightly made, the difference 
between them and the common camels being as great as that 
between a h'gh bred Arab mare and an English carthorse. 
Their powers of endurance are very great. Burckhardt gives as 
the best authenticated instance of the wonderful speed and endur- 
ance of a deloul, as the dromedary is sometimes called, which 
had come to his knowledge, a journey .'or a wager, of 115 miles 
in eleven hours, including twenty minutes in crossing the Nile 
twice in a ferry boat. It is the ease with which they can 
carry their rider during an uninterrupted journey of several 
days and nights at a kind of easy auible of five or five aula 
half miles an hour, that they are unequalled by any other 
animal. The deloul is much prized and the race is carefully 
preserved. The Arabs breed from them once in two years, and 
are very particular in the choice of a male. An ordinary 
animal can work for twenty years. It is reliably stated that 
they can travel in the spring as many as six davs without water- 
Their cl-Iot is generally light brown and white; darker colors 
and black are uncommon. Their pace is a light trot kept up 
for many hours without fatigue ; they can increase it to an 
unwieldy gallop, a speed they cannot long maintain. Layard 
says that a good deloul is worth at the most fifty dollars in gold, 
the common price is about twenty-five dollars. 




Honorable Employment.— Let the young man remember 
there is nothing derogatory in any employrneutwhich ministers 
to the well-being of the race. It is the spirit that is carried 
into any employment that elevates it or degrades it. The 
plowman that turns the clod maybe aCincinnatus or Washing- 
ton, or he may be brother to the clod lie turns. There is no 
glory in the act of affixing a signature by which the treasures 
of commerce are transferred or treaties between nations are 
ratified: the glory consists in the rectitude of purpose that ap- 
proves the one, and the grandeur of the philanthropy that 
anctifies the other. 



forie^ ^bout $|ial(,* 




BY J. 



BARFOOT. 



SALT LAKE VALLEY. 

Along time ago, when the writer knew far less about these 
beautiful valleys we live in than at this time, a promise 
was made to our juvenile friends that if they would take care 
of any fossils they might find that a time would come when 
they would be collected for scientific purposes. That time has 
come; collections are being made. 

A very great deal has not been done yet, but, already there 
is enough to prove that at one time these valleys were filled 
with water, and the water was Iresh — that is this was a-fresh 
water lake. This was supposed to be the history of this 
country by some observers; others have supposed it was formerly 
an arm of the sea, on account of the level bench lands that 
are seen on either side of the valley. 

Now, it is desirable that our young readers should under- 
stand how much can be known with certainty about the former 
condition of this country, by the examination of fossils, or 
things dug from the earth, that is the remains of plants and 
animals; in fact that our children should become acquainted 
with the geology of these valleys. There is nothing difficult 
in attaining this kind of knowledge. The most important 
facts pertaining to geology do not require any ability beyond 
ordinary intelligence and habits of correct observation; neither 
does it require expensive books to study from; every river, 
bank, or railway cutting, every quarry, or kanyon, every well 
that is sunk, or foundation that is dug out maybe made the 
subject of lessons in geology. And this is the science that is 
required to understand it: sound common sense; always seeking 
to understand things by learning one thing at a time, and then 
using the knowledge thus acquired to explain things that are 
unknown. There was a time, and not many years ago, when 
this was not done. If a curious looking fossil was found it 
was supposed to be the result of some "freak of nature; ' now 
common sense is appealed to, to decide what a thing is. Then 
men, even men of education, believed the world, with its 
oceans, seas and rivers, was made by some mysterious process; 
that all the mountains had been thrust up from below by some 
sudden cataclysm or convulsion of nature; now, men find by 
reflection and common sense reasoning that the world is still 
undergoing changes similar to those that have occurred, and 
it is reasonable to suppose that such has always been the 
case. 

Probably there never was a place more convenient for obser- 
vation than in these valle3 7 s, surrounded by mountain ranges 
that are cut through with kanyons, as if for purposes of 
observation. Then again, our stone and lime quarries abound 
iu fossils that make known to us facts relating to geology- 
Besides these we have our coal and iron mines to study aswel 
as those of our other mineral deposits of utility. 

One of our young brethren visited our northern settlements 
and collected a large number of fossils and rocks. These have 
been examined, and many of them are found to be fresh water 
shells. This is known by comparing them with other shells 
that are well known to be found only in fresh water; and as 
many of these shells are the same kind as are found in fresh 
water lakes now, it is only in accordance with common sense 
to believe that the rocks in which they were found were depos- 
ited as the sediment of a fresh water lake. 




JUYBITILE I1TSTEUCTOB 



273 




Now, on examining all along the course of these valleys 
similar fresh water deposits are found, which fact shows that 
once this basin, that is, the low lands enclosed by the Rocky 
Mountains, was filled with water. It could not have been 
salt water, o.' fresh-water shell-fish would not have lived in it. 
This is also in accordance with common sense. Besides which, 
the rocks themselves are of that kind that are only found to 
be deposited by fresh water. 

What a grand fact is opened up before our mind's eye: the 
site of Salt Lake City and all the line of our settlements a 
vast fresh water lake! The Mendon and Hampton quarries all 
beneath the water; water teeming with living beings; lime 
brought down by the rains of former times, just the same as 
lime is brought down in rain in our day, by which our rivers 
are being filled up with sediment, by which our valleys are 
being raised higher; by which land shells and water shells 
are being buried up aud concealed until they shall be dug up 
as fossils at some future day! 



Jttti J||jisetto^ 



BY BETH. 





THE TURBOT. 

THE well-known Turbot, so widely aud so worthily celebrated 
for the firm delicacy 
of its flesh, inhabits 
many of the European 
coasts. Like all flat 
fishes, it mostly haunts 
the sandy bed of the 
sea, but will sometimes 
swim boldly to the >ur- 
face of the water. It is a restless and wandering fish, travers- 
ing considerable distances as it feeds, and generally moving in 
small companies. Two modes of catching the Turbot are 
employed by fishermen, namely, the trawl-net and the long 
line. As long as the fish remain on the banks, or tolerably 
near the shore, the n"t is used, and in its capacious mouth is 
taken a stranre medley of fishes, among which the Turbot is 
generally plentiful. 

The Turbot is considered a great delicacy, and as being 
indispensable at the dinner table of the wealthy in England. 
At certain seasons of the year the prices demanded and paid 
for this fish, in London particularly, are almost incredible. 
The dealers take good care that the Turbot shall never be too 
plentiful in the market, well knowing as they do, that the 
most extravagant prices will be paid rather than have a fash- 
ionable dinner made incomplete by the absence of this luxury. 
There is another fish very similar in shape to the Turbot, that 
is cheap and almost as good, which may be considered the poor 
man's Turbot; it belongs to the genus plotessa, which is closely 
allied to the Turbot genus. This fish, which is called' the 
"plaice," and the "flounder," belonging to the same family, 
constitute the principal diet of a large section of the poor. 
THE COD. 
The well-known Cod-fish is a native of many seas, and in 
some localities is found in countless legions. This most useful 
fish is captured in vast numbers at certain seasons of the 
year, and is always taken with the hook and line. On favor- 
able occasions the quantity of fish captured by a single boat 




is very great, one man having taken more than four hundred 
Cod alone in ten hours. 

The Cod may be considered among the most useful members 
of the finny tribe. The flesh is valuable for lood, and the oil 
extracted from it is of great value in the arts. Fhe "cod-liver 
oil" is very famous as a remedy for consumption; and when 
fresh is by no means unpleasant to take as a medicine. The 
Cod fisheries give employment to many thousands. Much of 
the fish is salted and forwarded to Catholic countries as there 
are certain seasons when devout worshipers, both Catholics and 

Protestants, abstain 
from eating meat, at 
t-gj^fcwhieh time the use of 
if.^Eplish is not prohibited. 
• '. : ; *"The Cod family is very 
numerous, there being 
about sixty varieties. The hake, or whiting, and the had- 
dock are of this family, and are well known in Europe and this 
country as cheap and delicious food. It is to be hoped that 
success will attend the efforts of our brethren who are endeav- 
oring to introduce fi-h into this country, which is at this time 
an expensive luxury. 

THE SALMON. 

The Salmon is undoubtedly the kiDg of the river fi-h, not 
so much for its dimensions, which are exceeded by one or two 
giant members of the finny tribe, but for the silvery sheet of 
its glittering scales, its wonderful dash and activity, affording 
magnificent spurt to the angler, the interesting nature of its 
life from the egg till full maturity, and last, but not least, 
for the exquisite flavor and nutritive character of its flesh. 
In former days, before civilization had substituted man and 
hi- dwellings for the broad meadows, and their furred and 
feathered inmates, the Salmon was found in many a river. 
Now, however, there are but few streams where this splendid 
fish can be seen, for the water has been so defiled by human 
agency that the fastidious Salmon will not suffer itself to le 
poisoned by such hateful mixture of evil odors and polluted 
waters, and in the few streams where the water is still suf- 
ficiently pure for the Salmon to venture into them, the array 
of nets, wires, and all kinds of Salmon traps is so tremendous 
that not one tithe of the normal number are now found in 
them. 

Some efforts are being made here to breed Salmon which 
belongs to a family that inhabits both fresh and salt water. 
This is a delicious fish much sought after bv rich and poor as 
food; and, made up in hermetically sealed can', is obtainable all 
over this country. The Salmon of the Arctic seas visits the 
rivers of this continent and of Europe, where it is captured 
by nets which are thrown across the rivers and dragged along 
by fishermen, who sometimes are rewarded by obtaining 

tbe^e handsome fish 
two to three feet 
in 1 en gt h, and 
weighing from 
twenty to thirty 
pounds. 







The following excellent advice is said (o have been given by 
Sydney Smith: "When you meet with neglect, let it rouse you 
to exertion instead of mortifying your pride. Set about les- 
sening those defects which expose you to neglect, and improve 
those excellencies by which you can command attention and 
respect. ' ' 





274 



OTTT^riEiTIElLE I^STRUCTOB. 




THE VILLAGE IMI.A 3TOIR,_ 



From Cli'ivil/ers' Miscellany. 



"rphc agent and his wife were astonished wh 
J. this. 'There is more thanoneEn; 




(CnncludeJ. ) 

lieu tliey heard all 
in the world.' said 
they: 'we should never have dreamed of this. ' 'If I had he rd 
your name at Berg,' said Augusta, l I should have discovered 
youlong ago; but you were only ealle 1 '51 tyor' there.' 

"I took her through my colony, I relate. 1 the hi to y of my 
life, explained to her all my intentions, and confided to] 
my thoughts. I declared she should not again leave Hard; 
and the cure Bode published the 1 ans 111 the church next day. 
Augusta wrote to the cure's widow who had brought her up; 
and I added a few lines to her letter, saying that the sum should 
be pa el as usual til her death. Augusta remained at the hotel. 
There was much to be done in my house, and she at ranged 
everything according to her own tasre. The following Sunday 
she entered my room, dressed in pea ant's clothing. She had 
laid aside her city elegancie pcaied iu the costume of 

a country maiden. A fortnight after, the cure join* d our 
hands at the altar. 

'Augusta now relieved me of my bote In d ca -. and I 
1 my liuie to the hu ine uf'tli i We had b « a 

married about two years, when one night, ari in 1 iloss- 

ncss in a house, the whole village fell a prey to th< (lami . 
All help was vain. The peasant* stoed looking on, . .;, 
and unabie to move, while people fn 111 the neighl uriu 
lages hastened to our aid. 

''Only a few I.e. ained, It was a great misfortune. 

Tl 1 hardly helped 1 ... ill I hoi I 

good would arise out of this >-\ il. I ivroli 

li ■ r il uilding of the villi | ... ' 

lity of avniding sui h misfortune - iu fu 
I'iieh landowner to buil | op 1 y, 

Thi I it was d that ;!. own r 

their 1 mo with till tl of each 

lay 1 1 

iimont sent 1 tin , 

1 . ai ppiolatii ', 

exehan ,'itl , 

ig in-. There ,1 

1 e had ml 11 ,, , ; 

LI 

wood r< pj, 

' ■ ' , I ....... 

. I in the 
visitors Ibi ;, ■ 1 

"'" ■' ■ he h ... ii t 

. .. ... i' ■ 

;i '" 1 " l1, a well. I had 

h u 

. meadows, 
an 1 if . i. crea u 1 ii- past .... 

nd there to look 
1 

I. J b i ,,, 

... T.i . 
' ' : who Mil . he 1 ■ n-a more 

Nil she 
'""wed light ha n 11 in tin v. 

r my hotel was 1 . full thi I many suestsbad to seek 



rootns elsewhere ; and I would have assisted her, had she not 
continued violent in her wrath against me. 

"Now, certainly, a great number of the inhabitants are in 
debt to me, but still they have paid off many of their old debts 
to each other. Our village is now the most flourishing in the 
whole country. We have no more "lawsuits. Many of my 
former pupils are now fathers and mothers, and order and 
neatness r ign in every house, I assemble all the peasants 
yearly; and those who have kept their houses, stables, clothes, 
etc, in the greatest order, .and who have Keen most diligent in 
their hu- 1 andry, .and most correct in their conduct, I release 
from the interest of the money I lent them. The first threa 
peasants who could pay their debt to me I excused entirely:" 

The next day, the people collected under the lime-trees. 
The mayor spoke kindly to all, and, standing upon a bench, 
read and explained some government decrees, and obvia'cl the 
objections which some raised to them. He then laid his hand 
upon me. and said : "An old and dear friend of my youth is 
come to visit me; and as F wish to give him pleasure, and to 
show him those young [mom!., -who have particularly distin- 
guished themselves by their good conduct. I invite them to a 
dame ami supper at my house this evening." He then r -ad a 
long list of names from a sheet of paper. 

A general smile appeared on the faces of the villagers as 
they w..nt away. Theeure. a kind, good-tempered, lively man, 
hoolmaster Lobrecht, and his wife, and the p.iysician, 
a companied u- to the hotel, where dinner was prepared for 
us, I enjoyed myself amvmgst these excellent people; and [ 
ran never forget this dinner, nor the concert which followed it. 
Twenty-four men, women, and children sangthe choruses of 
Haydn, Handel, and Grta in with as much fa ;to and cirri etness 
as 1 had ever heard at any concert in the city. Kngelliert, 
u.sta, and their elder boy joined the singers. The bath- 
house garden was the con ; and no spot could have 
been betterehosen, li>r the distant wall 1 rod -ent back a magic 
sound, and the evening sun shed its golden rays over all. 1 
was touched, and my tears flowed. 

'And one man has done all this!" thought I; "and this 
man, surrounded bj a i • rid it his own creation, stands there 
as humble and u 1 ig as the peasants around him. " I 

when the conctrt was over-, pressing him to 
my bosom, and ( i ■• : ' 'Thou art one of the gi eatest on 
the earth, e\ 11 in thy lal ick!" I now accompanied 

irtv to the bath-house, and danced with Augusta, and 
al'ie. ward of the H lens. Augusta i ad 

. and the jm d 

com ny like a hither a .1 on ;sl his 

children. W it down to suppei a irected ayourg 

peasant-girl w i I : ir. and inter ted me more thau 

many a ei i h her conversation. 

Kniz wa recovered, and my carriage repaired, I 

left Hard. Engclbert would not let me pay at the hotel ; he 

1 ecu living in his house : and I consented at last to 

ir. AVith wl 1 ; el n I left Hard. I must leave 

imagination. 1 can never forget the impression made 

upon'me by my visit t . that happy villagi 

— bC**— -<£> — « t » 

Wiii.y mi.-.. .; . itii . ..I,, h it has been practiced in 

matters win n ill should be fair and open as day, confidence 
can never he restored, any more than you can restore the white 
bloom to the grape or plum that you have once presse 1 in 
your hand. 



Tiii:i;ic is more real happiness in reducing our wants than in 
gratifj iug them. 





J"T7'V3±33Sri."LiEJ INSTBUOTOB 



275 




^nesttongi and J^nsujcrjl 

OUST^TBIE BIBLE. 



F I KS rgBO OK OF SAMUEL. 




LESSON XCIX. 

Q. — "What did the elders say tooSamuel? 

A. — "Comest thou'peaeeably?" 

Q.— AVhal answer did Samuel make to tin m? 

A. — ' P I : I am e to sacrifice unto the Lord: sanctify 

yi u: elves, and come with me to the aci ifici 

Q. — "Whom also did Samuel sanctify and call to the sacrifice? 

A.— Jesse ons. 

y —When they had all come to the siu rifice and Samuel Saw 
Eliah what did he 

A.— "Surely tin Loi d '- anointi d fi i him." 

Q.— Wl in re] ';. 

■V - " 

[ 1 Lord n "( 

pee' '■: for iiiai I 

lool I) in I 

esse cause to pass be 

Samuel' 
A. Seven. 

Q — 1 I I ''!..' 

A.— "The J ■■ - 

Q.- 

A.— '■.' 'i liildien 

tiial 
A.— '-Tin aii ' behold, ht kee] i th 

■■• 

,,«,,,! tell Je'se to do"' 

end anu let. ■ lo* : t' 1 " '"' 

hit her." 

kVhat'.i 

A. — ' He " and.broughi'him in.'' 

Q. What description i > M --"' 

A 'He I witha., of a bi autilul countcnanoi , 

and goodly to lool to." 

Q —What th n did the Lord say'' 

A.— "Arise, anoini liim: fortl.ii is he. 

Q.— "What did Samuel do? 

A.— II,. "took the horn of oil, and anointed him in the midst of 
his brethren." 

Q. — What was the result? 

A.— "The srjiritoi tin- Lord came upon David from that day 
forward." 

O.— "Where did Samuel return? 

A.— To Kamah. 

Q.— What is said concerning Saul'' 

A.— "But the spirit of tin Lord departed from Saul, and an 
evil spirit from the Lord troubled him." 

Q.— "What did Saul's servants say unto him? 

A.— "Behold now, an evil spirit from God troubleth thee." 

Q.— What else did they say' 

A.— "Let our lord now command thy servants, which are 
before thee, to seek out a man, who is a cunning player on a harp: 
and it shall eome to pass, when the evil spirit from God is upon 
thee, that he phail play with hi- hand, and thou shall be well." 

Cj._Whal reply did Saul make to his servants? 

A.— "Provide tne now a man that can play well, and bring him 

to me." 

q _\\-|,:ii did one of the servants say' 

A.— "Behold I have seen a son of Jesse the Beth-'.ehemite, 
that i- rum, in- in playing, and a mighty valiant .nan. 

y.— What did Saul then do? 

A.- He sunt messengers unto Jesse. 

q —What did he say? 

A. -"Send me David thy son, which is with the sheep. ' 



m 1 



4 



lions anil jLuswers 



OUST THE 
BOOK OB JVE O B, JMI O 3ST . 



KElliN OFTHE JUDGES. 



LESSON XCiN. 

<\ -What occurred in tin thirty-filth year of the reign of the 

jlld LTeS? 

A.— Helaman died. 

Q.— M ho took theplaceof Helaman? 

a — .lnl Ion. 

... : 

A. 

''. " lol'C i I ' ■ 

' jud :s? 

,i ' ', ' . . : 

i _ ] | it oh the west sea bj 

th,' land ol 13 mnti ul 

, . '.. . . ion? 

A.- 11 i, . e - • -i" 1 ' sail >'.' hward. 

Q. — ] .'. . . i ci h hiii 

A. Y ■ , and ho -la ted on his journey; 
. next yi ;','• ' I; did he d 
■ ... .... hich were nc\ r hi ai ! fn m 

after i hey started. 

— tl ihirty-iiinll of fi '■ ] wnttt 

occuri "1 ' 

\. Shihlon died, arid Helaman, the grandson, of Alma was 
entrust, d with the records. 

Q. — i - iv coin ..1 peace ail 

A.— No; in the thirty-iiinlh year some Nephites joined the 
Lamanites and thej altucl ed Moroniliuh. 

|| — With what result'' 

A T e driven back to their own. homes. 

ii ieth year what serious difficulty happened' 

A.— l'ali ran died, aujl three of his .-on- contended for the 
judgment seat. 

O. — What wore their names? 

A. — Pahoran, I'aain-hi a.nl Pacumeni. 

Q. — Whom did a majority of the people choose for chief 
judge 

A. — Pahoran. 

Q.— What did Pacumeni do" 

A. — He submitted to the will of the people. 

Q.— What did Paanohi do? 

A. — He raised a rebellion to place him in the position. 

Q. — What was done with him? 

A. — lie was tried and condemned to be executed. 

Q,— Wlfen his party saw that he was likely to be killed what 
did they do? 

A. — They sent a man named Kishkutneii to murder Paho- 
ran 

Q.— Did he pucceed in doing lliis' 

A. — Yes, and the servants of Pahoran were unable to enpture 
him. 

Q.— What did the followers bf Paanohi promise to do? 

A. — They promised that they would keep secret the name oi 
the person who had committed the murder. 

y. — Who was appointed to till the office of chief judge? 

A.— Pacumeni. 

Q, I u the beginning of the nexl year what did the Lamanites 
do? 

A.— They gathered together a iarge army, to again fight with 
the Ncphites. 

Q.— Who was king of the Lamanites at this time? 

A. — Tubaloth, Ajnmoron'a brother, 





.76 



J- U "^ IE I£T I !_. IE I1TSTRTJCTOE. 




.A. S IT UST 3D .A. 3T 
Words by A. Parsons. 



SCHOOL 



!: Z-%~tz=k 



=1=1= 



-J 



^ 



2£ 



« 



=*=* 



:h: it im: zr>r . 

Music by J. M. Chamberlain. 
=| J. E =p=q=l=- 



1 1 ^ zpqpq— r^qrr^^zh — [• 1 1 

* M •- — M — T=d : — at 1 * : — * * 1 

g=fEEj— gE3-gl=:3-:J— »*— »— *— jrrj 



A 


happy band of 

— * *— £" * n 


children, 

<=2 1«- 


So 
1 

I*' — 1 
1 


joyous 

— 4 V- 

1= 1= 


and so free, With 


thankful hearts anu 

W- w — w — * 3 


_^±2r|==r=3 


— k 1 *• • - 


_I— p- 






i > ' ' ' 


=t ^_ E —3 



praises We come, 







: IS= 



Lord, to 



Siz3r:t: 



mi 



-i — 






Thee. 
— f=^— 



=t 



3E 



k=^=k=Jt=^: 



:*=rs==: 



£* 



Yes 

— <*- 



we will tune our 



To 



=1= 



i= 



3— V 







= 



sing thy praise, 

:!■=* — at 



& 



—V-. ^ al~ 

■•— ~m W- 



^ 



Lord, 

Cti. 



And pray that by Thv 

m i~ T £ 



3 — I— j =g=kq=i n~ r* — P = 



tzpc 



Spirit 

I* 0^ 



W r e 



-is— 



-p-r- 



T 



:t= 



==t 



:t 



sing with sweet ac - cord. 






it: 



We thank Thee, Lord, for blessings 

So rich beyond compare, 
For life, for health, for raiment 

And Thy protecting care. 

But most of all we thank Thee 
For Thy redeeming grace 

That we may have salvation, 
And see 1 hee face to face. 

O Lord, do Thou watch o'er us 

And keep us every day 
And bless thy Church and kingdom 

Thy little servants pray. 



Bless Brigham Young, Thy Prophet, 
With health, and length of days, 

And bless Thy Holy priesthood 
In all their works and ways. 

Send forth Thv grace and power 
Throughout this sinful world 

That Satan's throne may vanish 
And he be downward hurl'd. 

Come Thou, O Lord, in mercy 

To this Thy chosen race, 
And let the powers of evil 

To Thy glad reign give place. 



S XT IST HD A. Y LESSONS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ON THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.— LESSON XXII. 

Q. — Where can those revelations be found? 
A. — In the hook of Doctrine and Covenants. 
Q. — Where was the fullness of the gospel to be sent? 
A. — To all the nations of the earth. 

Q. — What particular doctrine did Joseph find recorded on the 
plates? 

A. — Baptism for the remission of sins. 

Q —What did Joseph and Oliver Cowdery then do? 

A. — They went into the woods to pray. 

Q.— What did they pray about? 

A. — To ask the Lord about baptism for the remission of sins. 

Q.— When did this take place? 

A.— On the 15th of May, 1829. 

Q. — While they were praying who came to them? 

A. — A heavenly messenger. 

Q. — What was his name? 

A. — John the Baptist. 

Q.— What did John do? 

A. — He laid his hands on their heads. 

Q.— What for? 

A. — To ordain them to the Aaronic priesthood. 

Q— What authority did that ordination confer upon them? 

A.— To baptize in water by immersion for the remission of sins. 

Q.— What else did John tell them? 

A. — He save them instructions about their baptism. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 21 is Heroine. 
We have received correct solutions from J. H. Watkins, 
Ogden; B. J. Beer, W. T. Cooper, Nellie T. Cooper, Salt 
Lake City; also the following poetical answer' 
by beta. 



The word of letters 7 is He-r-o-ij'E, 
Which, as 3 words will sev'rally combine, 
he, the first 2, a pronoun masculine; 
HER the first 3 a pronoun feminine; 
hero, the first 4 letters, is a noun — 
A name each man should merit by renown; 
To be a heroine for truth, should be the aim 
Of every woman worthy of the name. 

anxvEisrirjE iustruotoe/ 

Ii Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER. SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 




TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Singh Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

See, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lako City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
' 'Editor J uvenile Instructor. ' ' 




