^ 




SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, APRIL 2, 1870. 



THE 3dist7^:p:f. 



AMONG the many excellencies enumerated by an old 
philosopher, as characteristic of a virtuous woman, 
that of industry is prominently set forth: "She layeth her 
hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff." 
Formerly, the word "spinster" was used to designate 
young ladies who were eligible for marriage; it is so now 
in England, in publishing or recording marriages. By a 
fiction, all si:nigle ladies are then called spinsters, although 
few are such, so far as using the distaff, or spinning, is 
concerned. This is not true^ however, of all ladies; on 
the continent of Europe the distaff is still used. 

A gentleman who has traveled considerably, speaks 
with rap- 
ture of the 
ladies using 
the distaff, 
separat i n g 
skillfully, 
the fi 1 a- 
mentsof the 
material 
used for 
spi n n i II g 
wi t h one 
hand, and 
graceful 1 y 
support) n g 
the distaff, 
while the 
other is en- 
gage d in 
giving the 
nece s s a r y 
twist to the 
thread. A 
bobbin is 
used and 
spun round 
rapidly, at 
the same 
time that 

the delicate fingers draw out the thread of uniform thick- 
ness. Whether the fair fingers, the fibre used, or the 
fascinating voices of the ladies, gave rise to the rapture 
spoken of, it would be hardly fair to hazard an opinion; 
but it is interesting to learn that in Italy and Switzerland 
the practice still continues of using the distaff. 

Tliat the ladies depicted in the plate are engaged in this 
occupation there can be no doubt; perhaps forming some 





of the fine threads so artistically worked into lace, such 
as that continent is so famous for producing. That the 
ladies are engaged in conversation is probable, while it is 
evident they are industriously spinning, some of the 
thread, already made, having been reeled. 

It appears that many engage in this occupation while 
herding goats and cows; the simple instruments repre- 
sented would admit of this, although the sitting position 
of the fair spinsters, and the drapery of the chamber, gives 
an idea of employment at home. There is an air of grace- 
fulness in the dress of the ladies, and an appearance of 
comfort and simplicity about the habitation, suggestive of 

p r i m i t ive 
usag e s; to 
which the 
pee pinto 
the open 
country, af- 
forded by 
the artist, re- 
calls associ- 
ations of ru- 
ral scenery 
and happi- 
ness. 

But the 
days of the 
distaff are 
p a s s i n g 
away from 
us; our 
modes of 
ma nuf ac- 
ture are the 
result of ne- 
ce s s i t y. 
Steel spin- 
dlesand un- 
erring ma- 
chinery, are 
even sui)er- 

seding the spinning-wheel of the last age. Now, it would 
be slow indeed for us to adopt such instruments as the dis- 
taff for spinning. But we should be thankful that, al- 
though our means of manufacture so far transcend those 
of our ancestors, the vice usually attendant on the use of 
machinery in large cities is unknown here. Our "spin- 
sters" can meet and work together without using impro- 
per language, or descending to improper practices; we have 






il 







50 



J- TJ -V E3 IsT I Xj E! I IT S T I^TJO O? O 12/, 






the innocence and simpliei y of the age of the distaff, 
while we have the advantages of the spiuniug-jenny and 
its attending comforts. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



% 



iFETLE/ TTnyn-iK^onsr. 



THIS metal is of the highest importance to man; gold, 
much as it is coveted, dwindles into insigniticanee 
when compared with it, so far as utility is concerned. 
From the earliest historj' it has been noticed among 
metals; Tubal Cain is spoken of as an instructor of arti- 
ficers in brass and iron. Eighteen hundred years before 
Christ it is mentioned in Egyptian annals; the Greeks 
also spoke the praises of the discoveries of this precious 
metal, at a period 1,.500 years before Christ. In Great 
Britain it was known many years before the Christian 
era; a century after Christ a town now famous as a water- 
ing i)laee (Bath), in England, was noted for its iron 
foundries. But we must not forget the Romans, who 
were indebted to their famous iron short swords, and other 
instruments of war, together with tlieir iron-like courage, 
for their victories over enemies, perhaps equally coura- 
geous, but less potent because more poorly armed. In 
fact, every country that has risen into importance among 
other nations has made this metal au article of manufac- 
ture and commerce. 

Sometimes circumstances have caused governments to 
prohibit the exportation of iron, so great has its power 
been deemed; sometimes, but more rarely, its importation 
has been prevented; but this has always been with a view 
to compel the people to malie their own. No wonder then 
that our leaders have been so anxious about tlie home 
production of a metal so really necessari/ to our develop- 
ment i s a people Who then shall we laud as our great 
discoverers? Well, foremost among them, or one of the 
foi-emost, let us speak the praises of the late Nathaniel V. 
Jones, wlio labored incessantly to benettt his brethren by 
I^rodueirig a marketable iron. Doubtless others also have 
laliored iu tlie same good cause; those wlio have done so, 
or who shall still labor for this object, as disinterestedly as 
he did, will not fail to receive the gratitude due to the 
benefactors of a peopls, when the real importance of iron 
is uuder.-^tood. 

There are still samples of iron produced by, or under 
the direction of, Mr. .Jones, to be seen in our excellent 
museum; also specimens of magnetic iron, and other ores 
of iron found in this territory. Also specimens of coal, 
lime-stone and fire-brick, :..iiispcnsible as fuel, for fluxing, 
and for lining the furnaces used in making iron. Gener- 
ally, whenever iron-ore abounds, the necessary materials 
for its reduction into the metalic form, exist. Wood may, 
however, be used as it Wiis, even in Great Britain, for- 
merly; — now, immense bods of coal have made liugland 
rich, by enabling her to develop her mineral resources. 
We shall yet produce iron in abundance, if attention is 
paid to it, for it will l)e wanted. 

As with other metals, 'r-^n has to be deprived of its 
oxygen; for pure metalic iron is seldom found. It gene- 
rally exists in combination with non-mcta/s, as oxides and 
sulphides. Sometimes, carl)on is in union, it is then 
usually found mixed with argillaceous earth. These non- 
metals and earthy substances have to be separated from 




the iron; for which purpose some other substance has to 
be used to cause the iron to melt and flow away from the 
impurities To effect this, the iron-ore, or mixed iron-ores 
with broken pieces of limestone, are put in a blast furnace 
and submitted to intense heat. The fuel is plaeeiJ in with 
theoreand/?!(.r, and the bottom is then closed to prevent any 
metal flowing until a sufficient quantity is melted, when 
it is drawn off. Huge bellows are used, moved by water 
power or by steam, large quantities of air enter by suitable 
tubes, and great chemical changes take place, which are 
worth attention. First of all the oxide of iron, which 
may have been "roasted" before, to expel any sulphur, 
and bring the ore into the state of oxide, is brought to an 
intense heat by the blast of hot or cold air. In this way 
the carbon (fuel) unites to the oxygen of the air, forming 
carbonic acid. This gas, with the nitrogen of the air, novv 
set free from its oxygen, rises in the furnace, and coming 
in contact with white-hot carbon, is reduced to carbonic 
oxide. The iron ore then loses its oxygen, and flows down 
lower in the furnace as a spongy mass of metal, where it 
enters into combination with a certain quantity of carbon, 
by which it becomes more fusible; the flux and earthy 
impurities forming a liquid mass somewhat resembling 
melted glass. This is afterwards separated when the iron 
is run off, forming a substance called "slag," a kind of 
hard cinder. The liquid iron which is then in a state of 
a carbonated iron (iron and carbon) settles down to the 
bottom of the furnace, from whence it is drawn off and 
run into moulds of sand, where it cools. This is "cast 
iron," sometimes called "pig iron," which closes our first 
part of the process of making iron. Beth. 



THIS IFOE^OEl OIF X1^J^(3-X1<T^- 
TIOlsT. 



BUCKLAND, the distinguished geologist, one day gave 
a dinner, after dissecting a .Mississippi alligator, hav- 
ing asked many of the most distinguished of his class to 
dine with him. His house and all his e8*^ablishnient were 
i" good style and taste. His guests congregated. The 
dinner table looked splendid with glass, china and plate, 
and the meal comrjenced with excellent soup. "How do 
you like the soup?" asked the doctor, after having finish- 
ed his own plate, addressing a famous gourmand of the 
day. "Very good indeed," answered the other; "turtle, is 
it not? I only ask, because I do not find any green fat." 
The doctor shook his head. "I think it has somewhat of 
a musky taste," says another; "not unpleasant, but pecu- 
liar." "Alligators have," replied Buckland; "the cayman 
peculiarly so. The fellow I dissected this morning, and 

which you have just been eating ." There was a 

general rout of guests; everyone turned pale. Half a 
dozen started up from the table; two or three ran out of 
the room, and only those who had stout stomachs re- 
mained to the close of an excellent entertainment. "See 
what imagination is," said Buckland. "If I had told 
them it was turtle, or terrapin, or bird's nest soup, salt 
water ampliil)ia, or fresh, or the gluten of a fish from the 
maw of asea-binl, they would have pronounced it excel- 
lent, and their digestion would have been none the worse. 
Su(di is prejudice." "But was it really an alligator?" asked 
a lady, "As good a calf's head as ever wore a coronet," 
answered Buckland. — Selected. 



Would you be strong, conquer yourself. 



That which is too little for luxury is abundant enough ' 1^ 
for nature. 







i^- 



0" TJ "V" E iq- 1 1_, E I3srSTI?.TJCTOI^. 



51 



THE XjICa-HTiaiOTJSH. 



tVom "Triumphs op Invention and Discovery."-* 
J^ublishtd by T. Nelson & Huns, Lonaon, 



\rriTH the last gleams of daylight, before the uight fell 
'' and shrouded it from view, tlie tower was seen 
riging proudly from the midst of the waters. Before the 
dawii it had disappeared for ever, and the waves were 
lashing fiercely around the bare bleaii ledge of the fatal 
rock. Poor Winstauluy had had his presumptuous wish 
only too fully realized. The slorm of the -bch JSovember 
was one of the most fearful that ever ravaged the English 
shores. The whole coast suffered from its fury, and when 
the morning came, not a sign remained of the lighthouse, 
architect, or workmen, save a fragment of chain-cable 
wedged firmly into a crevice of the rock. The disappear- 
ance of the warning light was quickly followed by the 
Avreck of a large homeward-bound mau-of-war, and the 
loss of nearly all her crew, upon the rocks. 

The first Eddystone lighthouse was a strange, fantastic 
looking structure, deficient in every element of stability; 
and the wonder was not that it fell in pieces as it did, but 
that it was able to withstand so long the boisterous wea- 
ther of the Channel. But if of little merit as an architect, 
Winstanley at least des2rves respect, as 8meaton remarks, 
for the heroism he displayed in undertaking "a piece of 
work that before had been looked on as impossible." 

For four years the Eddystone remained bare and un- 
tenanted, till, in the summer of 17U0, the erection of a 
new lighthouse was commenced under the superinten- 
dence of John Rudyerd, by profession a silkmerc-ir in 
Ludgate Hill, London, but by natural genius an engineer 
of considerable merit. With such skill and energy did he 
apply himself to the work, that before two summers were 
over his tower was completed, and its friendly light 
beamed over the troubled waters and the sunken crags. 
Rudyerd's lighthouse was entirely of wood, weighted at 
th« base by a few courses of masoii work, and 92 feet in 
height. In form, it was a smooth, solid cone of elegant 
simplicity, unbroken by any of those ornamental out- 
works, which offered the wind and sea so many points to 
lay hold of, in Winstauley's whimsical pagoda. Simeatou 
speaks of Rudyerd's tower as a masterly performance; and 
had it not been destroyed by fire, forty-six years after its 
erection, there seems little reason to suppose it might not 
have been stauUing to this day,— although no doubt the 
ravages of the worm in tlie wood would have demanded 
frequent repairs. On the lind Deeember,lTij5, some fisher- 
men who happened to be on the beach very early in the 
morning preparing their nets, were startled by the sight 
of volumes of smoke issuing from the lighlhouse. They 
instantly gave the alarm, and a boat was quiclily manned 
for the relief of the sutferers. It did not reach the rock 
till about ten o'clock, and the tire had then been raging 
for eight hours. It was first discovered by the light- 
keeper upon watch, who, going into the lantern about two 
o'clock in the morning to snuli' the candles, found the 
place filled with smoAe. He opened the door of the lan- 
tern into the balcony, and a mass of flame immediately 
burst forth from the inside of the cupola. He lost no time 
in seizing the buckets of water kept at hand, and dashing 
them over the fire, but without eft'ect. His two com- 
panions were asleep, and it was some time before they 
heard his shouts for assistance. When at length they did 
bestir themselves, all the water in the house was exhaust- 
ed. The light-keeper — an old man in his ninety fourth 
year— urged them to replenish the buckets from the sea; 
but the difficulty of lowering the buckets to such a depth. 



and their confusion and terror at the sudden catastrophe 
and their impending fate, destroyed their presence of 
mind, and rendered them quite powerless. The old man 
did his best to prevent the advance of the flames; but, 
exhausted l)y the unavailing labor, and severely injured 
by the melting lead from the roof, he had to desist. As 
the Are spread from point to point. With rapid strides des- 
cending from the summit to the base, the poor wretches 
fled before it, retreating from room to room, till at last 
they were driven to seek shelter from the blazing timbers 
and red hot bars, in a cleft of rock. There they were 
found by their preservers, crouching together half dead 
with sutt'ering and fright. It was with the greatest diffi- 
culty that they were got into the boat; and they had no 
sooner reached the shore than one of them, crazed by the 
terrors he had undergone, ran away, and was never 
heard of more. The old man lingered on for a few days 
in great agony, and died from the injuries he had re- 
ceived. 

Such was the fate of the second lighthouse on the Eddy- 
stone, — one element revenging, as it were, the conquest 
over another. 

In spite of the fatality which seemed to attend these 
lighthouses, the lessees of the Eddystone— for it was then 
in private hands, and did not come into the hands of the 
Trinity House till many years after— resolved to make 
another attempt; and this time they selected :is the archi- 
tect one of the ablest professional men of the day, and 
with sagacious liberality, adopted his advice to build it of 
stone and granite. 

Smeaton truly belonged to the class of heaven-born 
engineers. From his earliest years the bent of his genius 
unmistakably revealed itself. Before he was six years 
old, he one day terrified his parents by climbing to the top 
of a barn to fix up some contrivance he had put together 
after the fashion of a windmill; and another time he con- 
structed a pump that raised water, after watching some 
workmen sinking one. And as he grew older, his ettbrts 
took a more ambitious range, and were all equally remark- 
able for their originality and success. His father destined 
him for the bar; but his inclination for engineering was so 
irresistible, that he allowed him to resign all chance of 
the woolsack, and set up in business as a mathematical 
instrument maker. He gradually advanced to tne pro- 
fession of civil engineering, -which he was the first man 
in England to pursue, and which he may be said to have 
crwated. 

It was in 1756 he commenced the construction of the 
great work which may be regarded as the monument of 
his fame. Having decided that his lighthouse should be 
of stone, the next point to be settled was its form. His 
thoughts, he tells in his book, instinctively reverted to 
the analogy between a lighthouse shaft and the trunk of a 
stately oak. He remarked the spreading roots taking a 
broad, firm grip of the soil, the rise of the swelling base, 
gradually lessening in girth in a graceful curve, till a pre- 
paration being required for the support of the spreading 
boughs, a renewed swelling of diameter takes place; and 
he held that cutting oft' the branches, we have, in the 
trunk of an oak, a type of sucli a lighthouse column as is 
best adapted to resist the influence of the wind and waves. 
Whether or not tSmeaton arrived at the form of his light- 
house, which has since become the model for all others, 
from this fanciful analogy, its appear.ince rising from the 
rock presents a strong resemblance to a noble tree stripped 
of its boughs and foliage. 

(2'o be continued.) 



Reckless youth makes rueful age. 







.^ 









-J^ 



JU^EI^ILEl IIsrSTi^TJOTOI?.. 






v« 



u Sttfi^ttil^ ittsiluttclop* 







CEORCE Q. CANNON 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, APRIL 2, 


1870. 



nynissioisr^^i^ir sicE^nrosiiBs. 



"VIA-LIMA-NUI did not know where we could find a man 
-'■ ' who could entertain us ; but she said we were welcome to 
come and live in her house. We had a long talk with her, 
and I endeavored to explain our po.sition aud what our businei?s 
in coming to the Islands was. We had no money, I said, but 
anything that we did have we should be glad to give her. We 
felt humble, and would have been pleased to obtain a corner on 
the floor to sleep in, so that we could live, learn the language 
and fill our mission. The kindness of this old lad}' touched me, 
and I could not refrain from weeping. Never in my life did 1 
feel so thankful as I did for the shelter she offered, and I 
praised the Lord therefor; it was He who had touched the 
heart.s of herself and family. The thought that we would not 
have to separate added to our joy, and you can probably ima- 
gine with what delight we went to find Brother Bigler. He 
had .succeeded in finding a native who was willing to give him 
food and a lodging-place, if he would milk his cow and do 
other chores. He was as much rejoiced as we upon learning 
that we could live together. 

We did not expect to get any more accommodations than a 
place to stretch ourselves at night in our blankets; but Na- 
lima-nui's daughter, who was mamed to a Spaniard, lived 
adjoining, aud she had arranged for her mother to live in her 
rooms, and the old lady's room had been prepared for us. 
They had fixed up the room as well as they could. Such a 
profound feeling of thankfulness as I had on our obtaining a 
shelter in this poor, native woman's hut I never had before. 
It haa been my fortune, since those early days of my 
life, to travel considerably, and to mingle with our mis- 
sionaries in many lands. I have seen elders who were willing 
to endure everjthing for the gospel's sake; their hearts were 
filled with joy and a burning desire to magnify their priesthood 
and to till their missions. What they ate or drank, whcjre 
they lodged or how they were clothed, were matters of little or 
no thought to them, so long as they had the Spirit of the 
Lord and were in the line of duty. Others, I have .seen, who 
felt eveiy little privation to be a dreadful hardship; who 
thought, if everything did not go smoothly with them, they 
had to suffer more than was necessary, and who were ready to 
desert their fields of labor and run home at the first oppor- 
tunity. I scarcely need say that men of this latter class are 
rarelj', if ever, successful missionaries. They think too much 
of their own ea.se and conifurt, and their thoughts are too much 
upon them.selvcs, to labor under circumstances of any difficulty 
for the .salvation of others. When an elder has the sjiirit ot 
his mission, self-comfort is forgotten. He is i)erl'ectly hajipy 
in declaring the gospel and laboring for the .salvation of others, 
and he gives but little thought to the kind of food he eats, or 
how he fares in other respects. His bodily wants are swallowed 
up in his jo}- in Christ. 

The.-iC were our feelings at the time of which I write. We 
were willing to live on any food that would sustain our bodies, 
however common, or even di.<agr(;cable it might be; we were 
,i;lad to get a .--helter, however liunililc. to lie umier; our dc,~ire 
was to till our mission; aud because we felt thus, the Lord made 



up for any lack of comfort by giving us His holy spirit. I had 
never been so hajipy in my life before as I was then. When I 
prayed I coidd go unto God in faith ; He listened to my pray- 
ers ; He gave me great comfort and joy ; He revealed himself 
to me as He never had before, and told me that if I woiUd per- 
severe, I should be blessed, be the means of bringing many to 
the knowledge of the truth and be spared to return home after 
having done a good work. Many things were revealed to me, 
during those days, when He was the only friend we had to lean 
upon, which were afterwarils fulfilled. A friendship was there 
established between our Father and m.yself, which, I trust, will 
never be broken or diminish, aud which I hope has continued 
to grow stronger from those days to these. 

It is uot my custom to write thus freely about myself; but I 
am wi'iting for children to read, upon whom I woidd like my 
experience to make an impression. I desire that they should 
make God their friend, and seek unto Him with faith for that 
joy, peace and perfect love which He alone can give. 
(To be continued.) 



Wonderful Memories. — Some examples of the mar- 
vels of memory would seem entirely incredible had they 
not been giveu to us upon the highest authority. Cyrus 
knew the name of each soldier in his army. It is also 
related of Theiuistocles that he could call by name every 
citizen of Athens, although the number amounted to 
twenty thousand. Mithridates, King of Poutus, knew all 
his eiglity thousand soldiers by their right names. Seipio 
knew all the inhabitants of Rome. Seneca complained 
of old age because he could not, as formerly, repeat two 
thousand names iu the order iu which they were read to 
him ; and he stated that on one occasion, when at his 
studies, two hundred verses having been recited by the 
different pupils of his preceptor, he repeated them iu a 
reversed order, proceeding from the last to the first. 

Lord Granville could repeat, from beginning to end, the 
New Testament in the original Greek. Cooke, the trage- 
dian, is said to have committed to memory all the contents 
of a daily newspaper. Racine could recite all the trage- 
dies of Euripides. 

It is said that George III never forgot a face he had 
seen nor a name he had heard. Mirandola would commit 
to memory the contents of a book by reading it three 
times, and could frequently repeat the words backward as 
well as forward. Thomas Cranmer committed to memory, 
in three months, an entire translation of the Bible. Euler, 
the mathematician, could repeat the ^Eneid, and Leibnitz, 
when an old man, could recite the whole of Virgil, word 
for word. 

It is said that Bossuet could repeat, not only the whole 
Bible, but all Homer, 'Virgil and Horace, besides many 
other works. 

Mozart had a wonderful memory of musical sounds. 
When only fourteen years of age, he went to Rome to 
a.ssist in tlie solemnities of Holy Week. Immediately 
after his arrival, he went to the Sistine Chapel to hear the 
famous Miserere of AUegri. Being aware tliat it was for- 
bidden to take or give a copy of this renowned piece of 
music, Mozait placed himself in a corner and gave the 
strictest attention to the music, and on leaving the church 
noted down the entire piece. A few days afterward he 
heard it a second time, and, following the music with his 
own coi)y in his hand, satisfied himself of the fidelity 
of his memory. The next day he sang the Mixcrere at a 
concert, accompanying himself on the harj)sichord, and 
the performance produced such a seni-ation in Rome that 
Pope (Jleiiient XIV reciuested that this musical prodigy 
should be presented to him at once— Selected. 



'i^. 





O'TJ^EHSTZLE I3^STI2.TJOTOI^, 






AArOiTnDElK.S 



OIF THE 



DOUBTLESS many of our young readers have crossed 
the broad Atlantic Ocean, and a few perhaps have 
sailed on the waters of the still broader Pacific; they have 
seen these vast waters when gently ebbing aiid flowing in 
a calm, or when lashed into fury by mighty winds; they 
have then felt the vessel on which they stood, roll and 
toss, shiver and strain, as the vast waves rolled by, one 
after another, and struck the vessel as they i)assed. But 
we presume very few of our young friends have suffered 
the horrors of a shipwreck; still tliey can understand how 
dreadful a thing it is to be wrecked in the midst of the 
vast ocean far away from succor, friends and home. We 
can imagine how the furious gale rages, how the waves roll 
to a tremendous height, at one moment ijlunging the shij) 
into an awful gulf, at another lifting it on the crest of a 




to four fifths of this earth's surface. To cross these vast 
seas men have constructed vessels of all sizes from the 
small canoe to the fine steamship that appears in our 
picture. As there are on land, huts, cottages, villas, man- 
sions, palaces and castles, so there are on the waters, 
canoes, yachts, schooners, brigs, frigates, men-of war, and 
many other kinds, some used for pleasure, some for trade, 
some for discovery, some for war. With these vessels 
men have penetrated almost every portion of the world; 
they have sailed amidst the thousand islands in the In- 
dian ocean, have crossed the Atlantic and Pacific laden 
with the riches and productions of many climes, and have 
crowded amongst the icebergs of the far north and 
south, trying to discover new lands and other nations. 

Steam has not been used so very many years to help 
navigate the seas, rivers and other waters. There are 
many persons living who can recollect when the first 
steamers were built in this country and in England. 




foaming mountain of water. We can in liincy see the sky 
overshadowed with dark clouds, and feel the pelting rain 
streaming down upon us. The lightning is continually 
flashing all around, and the thunder rolls and roars as 
though the heavens were falling. On board, the sailors, 
under their captain, are doing their best to save the vessel, 
while the passengers, unused to such a scene of terror, 
huddle together in their berths, or give vent to their feel- 
ings in prayers or tears. But the storm does not abate; a 
mast is swept overboard, a leak is sprung and water pours 
in faster than it can be pumped out. Soon another mast 
is torn away, and the waves break clean over the doomed 
ship. At last the efforts of the sailors slacken, the pumps 
are left, the boats are lowered, all who can crowd into 
them, and, in a few minutes, the brave vessel sinks in its 
watery grave. Soon the gale subsides and the crew and 
passengers tind themselves out on the vast ocean, perhaps 
a thousand miles from land. A dreadful fate is theirs, to 
gradually die tormented by thirst and hunger, to be 
scorched by the hot sun by day and chilled by the cold 
winds at night; their only hope of safety, some passing 
vessel to rescue them from the horrors that increase con- 
tinually around them. 
It is said that the great waters cover from three quarters 



Fifty or sixty years ago there were but very few steam- 
ships, to-day they may be found everywhere, even on our 
own Great Salt Lake. Here we must tell you an anecdote. 
The first steamship that visited the West Indies was seen 
by the crew of a little Spanish vessel near Trinidad. They 
saw that she came right along against the wind, vomit- 
ing fire and smoke. Noticing a man on deck, they fan- 
cied that it was the work of some demon or evil spirit. So 
frightened were they that they ran their vessel ashore and 
fled into the woods. 

Amongst the wonders of the great waters is the Mael- 
strom. This is a terrible whirlpool situated off the rocky 
coast of Norway, not far south of the Loffaden isles. It is 
said that the force of this whirlpool lessens and increases 
with the changes of tbe tide, while the cause of the 
Maelstrom itself seems to be the meeting of two tides, flow- 
ing in different directions, and in part hemmed in by the 
islands and mainland of Norway. The waters are whirled 
around with frightful rapidity, heaped up on the outside 
and sinking to a deep liollow in the centre, and appear to 
the adventurous mariner who approaches near enough as 
though they were being sucked down through some awful 
chasm. To get too near this whirlpool is certain death. 
Large vessels have sometimes been carried down with all 



'^ 





0" TJ ^ E 3^ I H. El IIsTSTI^yTJOTOm- 



Pii 



Whales are also sometimes "sucked in" in the 

Of all the dangers of the northern seas none 

by mariners so much as this terrible whirl- 



on board, 
same way. 
are feared 
pool. 

Eeferring to whales, we may here tell you, that hun- 
dreds of vessels are engaged in the one trade of catching 
whales, they are called whale-ships or whalers. Some 
visit the coast of Greenland, many the North Pacific 
Ocean; whilst still others sail far away in the Southern. 
Ocean. The whale fishery is one of the most exciting and 
dangerous pursuits in which a man can be engaged. We 
will suppose we are on a whale ship looking out for the 
animals. No sooner is one discovered, than all is bustle 
on board, the boats are quickly lowered, the right men 
leap therein, and pull away with all their might to the 
place where the monster is seen, trying to reach him be- 
fore he dives. When near enough, one of the men darts a 
spear or harpoon into the whale's back. Then down it 
jilunges with the harpoon in its flesh. But the harpoon 
has a long line or rope attacned to it, which the men let 
out. They must be quick at their work, or the whale will 
sink the boat and pull it through the water after him. 
Sometimes the rope will catch in the boat and saw it in 
two, and sometimes one of the men will be caught by the 
rope and pulled overboard or almost cut in joieces, before 
bis comrades can help him. The whale does not remain 
long under the water, but soon comes up again to breathe; 
then more harpoons are thrust at him, until he is killed. 
Sometimes the whales upset the boats and drown the 
crews, and they have been known to destroy large ves- 
sels. 

Tlie whale fishers are also subject to other dangers, 
the seas where these creatures abound are often crowded 
with icebergs. Some vessels have met with these huge 
ice mountains more than four thousand yards long and 
three thousand broad, and calculated to weigh more than 
a thousand million tons. These icebergs have various 
shapes, and many are very beautiful. Some resemble 
palaces, others castles, churches, arches, trees, groves, 
towers, &c. In the night these masses of ice can be 
perceived by a natural brightness they possess, and in 
foggy weather by a strange blackness in the air. Many 
ves.sels have been crushed to pieces between them, when 
owing to a calm or some other cause they could not get 
out of their way. To see mountains of ice floating towards 
a vessel and not to be able to avoid them must be a horri- 
ble sight for those on board. There is then but one way 
of escape, it is to take to the boats, and in such cases the 
jierils of those arctic seas are such that few men live to re- 
count them. 

Notwithstanding the dangers of the far northern seas, 
many adventurous men, have, from time to time, tried to 
force their ships through the snow and ice with the inten- 
tion of finding the North Pole or discovering a passage 
for ships along the northern shores of this continent. 
The north Pole is not yet reached, but one or two vessels 
have accom|)lished the "north west passage;" as the voy- 
age along the arctic seas north of the North American 
Continent is termed. But though Captains Beechy, Ross, 
Parry, Franklin, Kane, McClintock and others have not 
accomplished all they desired, they have made many 
valualile discoveries in the arctic regions. 

The whale is not the only denizen of the deep that 
proves fatal to the mariner or his floating habitation. The 
shark, sometimes called the tiger of the sea, is a fierce, 
voracious fish, often of great size and strength, that some- 
times catches and devours those swimming in the sea in 
warm countries. Sometimes terrific coml>ats occur 
lieiweeu bold sailors and these terrible fish. We will tell 






you of one as we have read the account. "One day the 
little son of a passenger in a ship on the Atlantic, fell over- 
board, and Was in danger of being drowned, when a sea- 
man leaped into the water to his rescue. He reached the 
child and was swimming back to the vessel, when a shark 
was seen approaching. The sailor's own son, a youth 
about eighteen years old, caught hold of a sword, and 
plunging into the sea, swam to his father's rescue. Diving 
quickly, he drove the sword into the belly of the shark, 
which instantly turned to attack him. Meanwhile ropes 
were thrown from the deck, and father and son were 
drawn towards the vessel. They had nearly reached it, 
when the shark caught the sailor boy by the waist and 
bit him in twain. The monster however soon died from 
his wound." 

Then again there is that strange creature the cuttle fish, 
which, in the Indian and African seas, grows to a large 
size and is very dangerous. It has a body enclosed in a 
bag, with eight long legs or arms. In the inner sides of 
these long slender arms are suckers by which it clings 
tightly to anything it lays hold of. One navigator asserts, 
that while three of the sailors were scraping the sides of 
his vessel, a cuttle fish seized two of them, and after a 
short struggle, dragged them down. One of the creature's 
arms was cut ott" in the contest. Another crew was 
attacked by one of these monsters oflT the coast of Angola, 
in Africa. It threw its arms across the vessel, and was on 
the point of dragging it down, when the crew succeeded 
in cutting the arms off with swords and hatchets. It is 
asserted that in the Indian seas many small vessels are 
provided with axes for this purpose. 

We could tell you of many more wonders of the deep, of 
tornadoes, simoons, waterspouts, volcanoes under the 
sea, the coral islands and many other strange things, but 
must leave them for some future numbers of the Juvenile 

INSTKUCTOB. G. E. 



Japanese Paper.— The Japanese are emphatically a 
race of paper-makers and paper users. It enters into all 
their trade calculations, and is exhaustive of more of 
their ingenious art than any other article. When a col- 
lection of the diflerent kinds of paper was made to be sent 
to the exhibition of 18G2, no less than sixty-seven varieties 
were forwarded. It is made to subserve the purposes of 
the useful as well as the ornamental. Everywhere may be 
seen paper fans, paper pouches, paper lanterns, paper- 
pocket-handkerchiefs, umbrellas, cloaks, and windows. 
The paper strings used by shopkeepers, so lately intro- 
duced here, have been used by the Chinese for centuries. 
A short time ago an American inventor applied for a 
patent on a paper hat, and a revolution in tiles was pro- 
mised. But the invention was little more than a tbeft 
from Jajian, for the Japanese wore hats of paper long 
before Columbus saw the West Indies. — Selected. 



Spread of the Engi<ish Tongue.— There is no other 
spoken language so cheap and expressive by telegraph as 
the English. So the electric wires are becoming teachers 
of our mother tongue iu foreign countries. The same 
amount of information can he transmitted in fewer Eng- 
lish words than French, German, Italian, or any otlier 
European language. In Germany an(4 Holland, especially, 
it is coming to be a common thing to send telegrams iu 
English to save expense and insure precision. — Selected, 



Many of the waves of trouble, like those of the ocean, 
will, if we await them calmly, break at our feet and dis- 
appear. 



1/ 





Cr TJ "V E IsT I 31. E H^STI^.TJOTOI^/ 




55 



[For the Juvenile Iiuiructor 



^inrinajpliii. 






THE 




HO can read the words of Joseph to the 
officers of the troops and the other per- 
sons who visited liim, as described in 
tlie last number, and not be impressed 
by tlieir trutlifuhiess? To his mind 
mj-^v^^^^?^ tlie vision of what they would pass 
' througli was clear and reliable. Had 

he lived now he could not have used 
words describing more clearly the actual 
scenes those men have witnessed than 
did those he uttered in their presence on 
that summer afternoon, twenty-six years 
ago. But who believed him, or cared for 
what he said? They ridiculed the idea of 
God revealing himself to man, of His choos- 
,Y ing a prophet, or of any man knowing more 
about the future than they themselves knew by 
their natural wisdom. Because he was chosen as 
a servant of God, they hated him and were desir- 
ous that he should be killed. Is it not strange 
that such a man as Joseph was, so guileless, innocent and 
god-like, could not be suffered to live? The fact that his 
life was sought for, and that many were willing either to 
kill him or have him killed, exhibits more forcibly than 
words can the dreadful condition of that people, and how 
ready they were to be the slaves of the devil and to do his 
bidding. They were in the same condition as the Jews. 
Jesus, the only begotten of the Father, the Redeemer of 
the world, was in their midst, and would have saved 
them ; but they would not be saved by Him, they pre- 
ferred to kill Him. 

Even the apostates — the Laws, the Fosters and the 
Higbees — who were Joseph's most bitter and vindictive 
enemies, knew there was nothing against him nor his 
brethren, and, therefore, that the law could not reach 
them ; but they said powder and ball would. It was 
blood they wanted ; the blood of the righteous, the blood 
of the innocent; and they were determined to have it, 
though by shedding it they would commit the unpardon- 
able sin, become sons of perdition and sink themselves to 
the lowest hell. 

You recollect, doubtless, that the principal reason which 
was assigned by Governor Ford for insisting upon Joseph 
and the other brethren going to Carthage was that they 
might be tried before the justice of the peace who issued 
the writ on which they were arrested. When they 
went before Squire Wells, at Nauvoo, this was the objec- 
tion urged by the prosecution. But now that they had 
the brethren in their power at Carthage this objection no 
longer had weight, either with Ford or the apostates who 
swore out t le writ. Thomas Morrison was the name of 
the justic-j who issued the writ; but there was a greater 
entii^.y than he in Carthage, who held tne commission of 
justice of the peace; and, besides holding this office, he 
was the Captain of the Carthage Greys, a company of 
mutineers and notorious moboerats. His name was 
Bobert P. Smith. Who so suitable as he for this business ! 
Joseph, Hyrum and thirteen others were taken before him. 
The prosecution would have been jDleased to have kept 



the brethren in custody on this charge ; but this was too 
glaring a violation of the law. But the magistrate tried 
to accomplish the same end by asking so heavy an amount 
of bail that the wealth of Joseph and the brethren and 
their friends, he thought, would be overreached. In this, 
however, he was disappointed, for John S. Fullmer, 
Edward Hunter, Dan Jones, John Benbow and others 
stepped forward and gave the necessary security— some 
of them going security to the full extent of their property 
— for their appearance at the next term of the Circuit 
Court for Hancock county. No sooner was this done than 
he adjourned his court, and left the Court House without 
calling on Joseph and Hyrum to answer to the charge of 
treason. He kept out of the way also until a late hour, 
W'ith the intention, without doubt, to prevent the appear- 
ing of Joseph and Hyrum's witnesses, and to furnish an 
excuse for sending them to jail. 

In the evening constable Bettisworth appeared at the 
lodgings of Joseph and Hyrum, and insisted that they 
should go to jail. Joseph demanded a copy of the mit i- 
mus. This Bettisworth refused. Messrs. 'NVoods and Reid. 
as Joseph and Hyrum's lawyers, urged that they ought 
to be brought before a justice of the peace for examination 
before they could be legally sent to jail. He then, to their 
surprise, exhibited a mittimus, signed by the infamous 
R. F. Smith, in which it was stated that they having been 
arrested upon the oath of Augustine Spencer and Henry 
O. Norton, for the crime of treason, and having been 
brought before him for trial, winch trial had been post- 
})oned, because of the absence of material witnesses, 
therefore he commanded the constable to take them into 
his custody in the county jail, there to remain until dis- 
charged by due course of law. 

The trap had been prepared ; but the victims would not 
walk into it; neither could they be led into it legally. 
What was to be done ? Was all the plotting and scheming 
of the cowardly, murderous crew to fail? Was it to be in 
vain that Thomas Ford, Governor of the sovereign State 
of Illinois, had acted as a decoy, had pledged his own 
faith and that of the State that Joseph and Hyrum should 
be protected, in order to bring them to Carthage? No; 
the plot must succeed, the victims must be ensnared, and 
if they could not be made to enter the trap by law, they 
must be forced in by grof s perjury, falsehood and against 
all law. Therefore Robert F. Smith issued this mittimus 
— which will stand against him through eternity — based 
uj)on the lie that the " trial had been postponed.^' 

{To he continued.) 



How Chewing Gum is Made. — A great many Ameri- 
can girls and hoys, as well as children of larger growth, 
have acquired the truly disgusting habit of chewing gum. 
It may be pleasant for them to know how it is made. The 
greatest gum manufacturing establishment is at Podunk, 
Mass., and the fame of the gum (and the gum Itself) is in 
the mouths of many. One of the employees of that estab- 
lishment, who has become thoroughly initiated into the 
mysteries of the manufacture of the gum, was recently 
discharged from the establishment, and has divulged the 
mode of making the gum which these young Americans 
masticate with such velocity and apparent satisfaction. 
The gum is made of certain parts of gum-arabic, gum-tra- 
gacauth, a small quantity of resin and fat. The fat used 
is not lard (that being too expensive), but it is a substance 
expressed from the bodies of hogs, cats, dogs, and other 
animals found dead in the streets of cities. Nice, isn't it? 
— Selected. 







iQI^ 



5S 



0" TJ "V E 3^ I L E i:DTSTI?.TJOTOie/. 



AA7"i2NriTiiNrc3- Ems i^ltji^^ies. 

A CIVILIZED young gentlemen considers the time 
when he first adopts the coat and hat of manliood, an 
important one. As far as outside appearance goes, it 
shows that he, at least, thinks he is no longer a boy, and 
he expects to be treated as a young gentleman. The 
young Indian is not particularly troubled about hat and 
pantaloons, yet he has his peculiar way of showing his 
claim to be considered a young warrior— which, among 
the Indians, is the same as young gentleman. So, instead 
of going to the tailor or hatter for the emblems to show 
that he has left the state of boyhood, he puts on eagles' 
feathers. You think that it would be an easy enough 
matter for the young Indian to shoot an eagle and secure 
the feathers. So it would be, but that is not the way it is 
done. Feathers obtained in tliis way will not pass muster. 
Custom requires that the young savage shall, if he would 
claim a place among the "big Injuns," pluck his feathers 
from a living bird— in fact, win his plumes in a personal 
struggle with their rightful owner— the eagle. The In- 
dian is allowed no advantage over the bird, but each must 
fight with the weapons nature gave them. As the eagle 
has great strength, sharp claws, and a formidable bill, it 
will be seen that the young Indian has no slight task 
before him. The first point is to get at the eagle; to do 
this, the savage tinds a hollow place in the ground, or 
makes one, large enough to hol<l him. The top of the 
hole is covered with sticks, so that he is completely hidden. 
A labbit is fastened upon the sticks which serves as a liait; 
when the eagle sees the rabbit, and comes swooping down 
after its prey, it is caught by the legs by the concealed 
Indian. Then comes the struggle. It is not easy to see 
how, with one hand required to hold ^the claws, and the 
other to defend himself from the beak, the young warrior 
is to get the much coveted plumes. We may think that 
feathers from a dead eagle would answer just as well; but 
the Indians look upon it differently, and hold that the 
youni^ter who wishes to be considered a warrior, must 
fii-st show his strength and courage. If a set-to with a full 
grown eagle will not test these, we do not know what 
will. 

A Military Goat. — The non-commissioned officers of 
a Prussian fieM battery announce, by advertisement in a 
Berlin paper, the deatli of a comrade in war — a goat called 
"Herr Soluieider." The favorite ha<l been in the corps 
since 1864. He always marched with the men of the 
first gun, from whom he also received his rations. He 
attended parade, took his place among the non-commis- 
sioned officers, and appeared to listen attentively to the 
orders. When the war broke out in 1SG6, he marched at 
the h(!ad of the battery, and was promoted to the rank of 
sergeant by the privates, who |)resented him with a beau- 
tiful collar, on which were embroidered the marks of his 
niilitary rank. When actual hostilities commenced he 
was tied to an ammunition wagon and kept in the rear, 
but during the b.attlc of KeniginhofT, Herr Schneider 
managed to slip away, ami went to the front at full gallop, 
an orderly following him as fast as he could. At that 
moment the crown prince met thorn. On being infornu'd 
of the state of allairs, his royal highness appeared much 
amused, and said Jocosely. ''Let him go; he has orders to 
attack the enemy." 8ubse(iucntly, Herr Schneider re- 
turned to his ammunition wagon, none the worse for his 
charge. After the battle the artillerymen promoted him 
to the brevet rank of sergeant-major for courage in the 
presence of the enemy. The goat marched at the head of 
his battery on the triumphant entry of the army into 
llerlin, in September, \8H(i.—&e(ec(ed. 



§f$lt^t%th ^t^tiv^. 




TTiE iiMiipjLTiEisra: heit. 



This is the tale of a queer old hen 

Tiiat sat on eggs exactly ten; 

She made her nest with pride and care, 

And weather foul and weather fair, 

You always found her at her post, 

For patience was her daily boast. 

Alas ! how oft it is our lot 

To brag of what we haven't gotr— 

This will apply to hens, and men, 

And boys, and girls. 

Days passed, and when 
The sun began to warmer grow. 
And grass and leaves began to show 
Their twinkling green on hill and vale; 
When sweet and pleasant was the gale, 
This queer old hen began to long 
To ioin once more the noisy throng 
Of idle gossips — half a score — 
That strutted by the old barn door. 

"O, dear! O, dear! here I am tied! 

A weary lot is mine," she sighed. 

"No gleam of pleasure do I catch ; 

Why don't these tiresome chickens hatch? 

It worries me in heart and legs; 

To sit so long upon these eggs, 

I'm sick of pining here at home ; 

O, chicks, chicks, chicks, why don't ye come? 

Your little houses, white and warm, 

I've sheltered from the angry storm." 

"There's Mother Dominique, next door. 
Her darlings number twenty-four, 
And they've been out a week or more; 
And now she wanders at her ease. 
As proud and happy as you please. 
So stir your pinky, little pegs. 

My yellow bills, come out and walk. 
Or else I'll doubt my eggs are eggs. 

And thiuk they are but lumps of chalk ! 

Then something rash and sad befell; 
This old hen peeked each brittle shell. 
And, not so wonderful to tell, 
Her treatment, which was very rude. 
Killed on the spot her tiny brood ! 
And now, despised by fowls and men. 
She lives a broken-hearted hen ! 

• 
This is the moral to my lay: 
lo reap suc^oess in work and play, 
Why spoil whatever you've begun. 
Thro' eagerness to have it dune? 
Remember poor Dame Partlet's fate; 
Don't be impatient — learn to wait. 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Sinrjle Copy, per Annum $.3 00. 

Hinyle Copy, for Six Months 1 50. 

ITS- Ornin hroncrlit in this City for thf .TrvKNir.t': Instructor will be 
received at the oiricu of our paper— Deskket News Buildi.ngs. 



i^^^- 



^^ 



