
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JUNE 20, 1874. 



NO. 1?. 




OURengraviu' 
is a v e r 
beautiful an 
suggestive on3 
It conveys, at 
glance, a va- 
am mnt of info: 
mation with re- 
gard to manner 
and customs i 
Bible lands 
We can easil 
imagine th 
scene to be laii 
in modern Jeru 
salem, thougl 
were it not fo 
the minaret o 
some Turkisl 
mosque, s e e i 
through the hal 
opened windov 
we might itnag 
ine, with propri 
ety, that th 
picture was in 
tended to repre 
sent Martha pre 
paring a repas 
for Jesus, whei 
He stayed witl 
the family o 
LazarusatBeth 
any, or som 
other devou 
woman minister 
ing to the want 
of the Savior; 
for there wer. 
many n o b 1 < 
women in Hi 
day, who, whil 
the scribes am 
Pharisees won 
mock ing am 
rsccut ing 




considered it an 
honor to re- 
ceive Him into 
their houses 
and supply His 
needs. 

Everj'thingin 
our picture il- 
lustrates some 
phase of life in 
Palestine. On 
the floor we 
have the prim- 
itive hand flour 
mill so univer- 
sally used in 
that land, and 
so often men- 
tioned in the 
Scriptures. 
The never-to- 
be-neglected 
water bottle al- 
so occupies a 
prominent pos- 
ition near by. 
The lattice win- 
dow, the style 
of the house, 
the shape of 
the cooking- 
utensils and 
the fashion of 
the clothes of 
the woman, are 
exact types of 
these things, 
just as they are 
now and have 
been for ages id 
the I- a n d of 
Promise. Wc 
catch a glance 
through the 
window of a 
in a n walking 
mi llic roof, bi 





146 



J~ TT ^T IE 2T I Ij IE IITSTRTJCTOB. 




speaking the custom there in vogue of the people spending a 
great portion of their time on the house tops, where it is cooler 
and healthier than inside the houses or in the narrow, crooked 
streets below. How plainly the picture tells its story. The 
woman has been grinding some of the grain to be seen in the 
sack lying in the corner, and having finished the grinding has 
now taken the meal and is adding the leaven to make it into 
bread. This reaiinds us of one of the sayings of Jesus 
recorded in the "Gospel of St Mark." It there reads that 
our Savior said: "Whereunto shall I liken the kingdom of God? 
It is like leaven which a woman took and hid in three measures 
of meal, till the whole was leavened." So we may judge from 
these words of Jesus that the kingdom of God on the earth, 
though small at first, will leaven the whole world with its 
principles of righteousness, until no man shall have to say to 
his neighbor: know ye the Lord? for all shall know Him, from 
the least even unto the greatest. 



J\neciIofcs of] painters. 



SALVATOR EOSA 



From Chambers' Miscellany. 




IX the little village of Renella, situated at a short distance 
from the lovely city of Naples, lived a humble architect named 
Antonio Rosa. At the time of which we are writing, Italy 
was groaning under the tyranny of foreign princes, who levied 
taxes as they pleased, and who kept the people in subjection 
by means of foreign soldiers and domestic spies. Ignorance 
and misery prevailed throughout the land, agriculture was 
neglected, and trade and commerce were at a stand. No 
wonder, then, that Antonio Rosa suffered the most bitter 
poverty; his industry was of no avail, and his gains did not 
suffice for the support of his family, which consisted of two 
daughters. Towards the end of the year 1615, our hero, 
Salvator Rosa, was born; and as the birth of a male child is, 
by the Neapolitans, considered an especial blessing, the 
parents regarded this event as an auspicious omen. Antonio's 
next thought was to what trade he should bring up his boy. 
He had but one wish on the subject- — namely, that his son 
should not be a painter; and effectually to prevent this, he 
yielded to his wife's proposition of dedicating him to the church. 
Accordingly, he was baptized in the little church of Renella by 
the name of Salvator, or Savior; and as he became older, he 
was taught to recite prayers in Latin, and obliged to make his 
first attempts at reading in a book containing the life of St. 
Catherine. But alibis parents' teachings were unavailing; the 
young Salvator could not master the difficulties of theology and 
philosophy, but bent the whole power of his mind to the study 
of nature. He rambled about the country, sketching the scen- 
ery around him on odd scraps of paper, and on his return home, 
was generally punished by along task of Latin prayers, which 
he was desired to learn by heart. His biographer tells us, that 
once when he was forbidden to leave his room, he seized some 
half-burned sticks, and covered the walls with beautiful draw- 
ings, much to the annoyance of his mother, who condemned 
him to iln penance by attending all the services of the church 
during Lent. It is said that he once carried his sticks instead 
(if his prayer book to church, and that he employed himself 
during service in filling every vacant place he could find with 
drawings. The sticks were immediately burned by the priest; 



and Antonio, resolving to place his son beyond the reach of 
temptation, sent him to one of the religious schools at Naples. 
The beauties of literature were now opened to him, and he 
devoted his whole attention to the study of the ancient poets; 
but scarcely had he begun to enjoy these, when he was obliged 
to turn his thoughts to the history of martyrs and saints, and 
to the mysteries of theology. We do not know how he suc- 
ceeded in these studies,_ but it is certain that he left college 
before his education was completed, and returned to the indi- 
gent home of his childhood. 

Salvator' s mind now took another bent. Naples was at this 
time the city of nm i •. An English writer who resided there 
says "that even the husbandmen played on the guitar, and 
took their fiddle to the fields with them," therefore we cannot 
be surprised at finding our hero following the general impulse. 
He not only composed the music, but also wrote the words of 
many songs; and we find that these were so popular, "that 
even the spinners and knitters used to chant them." His 
father and mother were dismayed at this newly awakened 
talent; but a .yet greater disappointment was in store for them, 
for a domestic occurance gave Salvator the opportunity of 
cultivating his natural talent, and he became, what his father 
had determined he should never be — a painterr 

The beauty of Salvator' s sister had captivated the heart of a 
young artist named Francanzani, who, seeing signs of talent in 
his brother-in-law, allowed him frequent access to his painting- 
room. Salvator' s future course was now decided: the obsta- 
cles which lay before him only served to excite his ardor; and 
in his eighteenth year, this peasant youth left his home to 
seek his fortune in the world. He turned his steps toward the 
chain of mountains known by the name of the Abruzzi, in 
order to exercise his pencil among the recesses of these wild 
rocks. While wandering about here, he was taken prisoner by 
one of those troops of banditti which were at that time the 
terror of the neighborhood. During his captivity, he is sup- 
posed to have exercised his pencil; and there is at Paris a 
battle-piece, which shows, in its composition, that he certainly 
was not unacquainted with the mode in which these lawless 
people carried on their warfare. Whether Salvator escaped, 
or whether he was generously liberated from his captivity, is 
not known; but his Italian biographer informs us that he 
wandered about the country for some time, suffering the hard- 
ship of poverty. At length he returned home, and found his 
parents in a most miserable condition. A few days after, his 
father breathed his last in his arms, leaving to the young artist 
the task of supporting the family. Alas! his poveity was so 
great that he could not purchase the canvas on which to execute 
his designs: he was obliged to content himself with paper, and 
was accustomed to offer his productions to the keepers of stalls in 
one of the streets of Naples. The sum he received for them 
was hardly sufficient to buy bread for himself and his mother 
and sister; but nothing daunted, he steadily persevered, though 
too obscure to hope for the attention of any of the great 
painters who at that time flocked to Naples. At the head of 
these was Lanfranco, who had received an invitation to decorate 
the ne.v church of Gesu. 

{To be Continued.) 



The Unspokex Word. — The Arabs, who have many good 
proverbs, have one which is found true, and truer the more 
experience we have of life. ' 'While the word is yet unspoken, ' ' 
they say, "you are master of it ; when once it is spoken, it is 
master of vou." 





CrTJ^EHsriXjIE IK"STBTJCTOB. 



147 




.A. FRIEND HIST NEED. 




OUR cut illustrates a well known anecdote. A little terrier 
worn out by the assaults of a powerful tormentor sought 
refuge from his foe beside a sturdy mastiff, and in dog language 
sued for his protection. The bigger dog at once received the 
petitioner under his care, he seemed proud of the charge, and 
pleased that one of the weaker of his khid should seek his pro- 
tection and put trust in his strength. Notice the picture; see 
how his very looks seem to say: ' 'I am his guardian; touch him 
if you dare." We do not think that many boys or girls, or 
even animals, would like to accept the challenge. At any rate, 
the little dog's tormentor did not, and the little fellow escaped 
all further trouble from that source. Thanks to the courage 
and good sense of his big protector. 

We all know that many dogs are noted for their sagacity, 
and as our young readers 
seldom tire of reading 
anecdotes of such, we 
append for their benefit 
the following, selected 
from a reliable source: 

"An English officer, 
who was in Paris in 
1815, mentions the case 
of a dog belonging to a 
shoe-black, which was 
in the habit of bringing 
customers to his master. 
This it did in a very in- 
genious and scarcely 
honest manner. The 
officer having occasion 
to cross one of the 
bridges over the Seine, 
had his boots, which 
had been previously pol- 
ished, dirtied by a little 
po:>dle dog rubling up 
against them. He, in 
consequence, went to a 
man who was stationed 
en the bridge, and had 
them cleaned. The 
same circumstance hav- 
ing occurred more than 
once, his curiosity was 
excited, and he watched 
the dog. He saw him 
roll himself into the mud of the river, and then watch fi r a 
person with well-polished boots, against which he contrived to 
rub himself. Finding that the shoe-black was the owner of the 
dog, he taxed him with the artifice; and, after a little hesita- 
tion, he confessed that he had taught the dog the trick 
in order to procure customers for himself, and thus assist him 
in doing a paying business. The officer, being much struck with 
the dog's sagacity, purchased him at a high price, and brought 
him to England. He kept him tied up in London some time, 
and then released him. The dog remained with him a day or 
two, and then made his escape. A fortnight afterward he was 
found with his former master, pursuing his old trade of dirtying 
gentlemen's boots on the bridge. 

The following is an instance of the sagacity of a .sheperd 
dog, owned by a Scotch sheperd. The dog, which was called 




"Sirrah," was an animal of sullen disposition, and by no means 
favorable appearance, but was an extraordinary adept at man- 
aging a flock. 

S ."About seven hundred lambs which were once under his 
care at weaning time, broke up at midnight, and scampered off 
in three divisions across the hills, in spite of all that the shep- 
herd and an assistant lad could do to keep them together 
'Sirrah,' cried the shepherd, in great affliction, 'my man, 
they're a' awa!' The night was dark, so that he did not see 
•Sirrah;' but the faithful animal had heard his master's words, 
and, without more ado, had silently set off in search of the 
recreant flock. 

"Meanwhile the sheperd and his companion did not fail to 
do all that was in their power to recover their lost charge, they 
spent the whole night in scouring the hills for miles around; 
but of neither the lambs nor 'Sirrah' could they obtain the 

slightest trace. They 
had no way (day having 
dawned) but to go to 
their master, and inform 
him that they had lost 
his whole flock of lambs, 
and knew not what had 
become of any one of 
them. 

"On their way home, 
however, they discover- 
ed a body of lambs at 
the bottom of a deep 
ravine called the Flech 
Cleuch, and the indefat- 
igable 'Sirrah' standing 
in front of them, look- 
ing all around for some 
relief, but still standing 
true to his charge. The 
sun was then up, and 
when they first came in 
view of them they con- 
cluded that it was one 
of the divisions of the 
lambs that 'Sirrah' had 
been unable to manage, 
until he came to that 
commanding situation. 
But what was their as- 
tonishment when they 
discovered, by degrees, 
that not one lamb of 
the whole flock was wanting! How he had got all the divisions 
collected in the dark was beyond their comprehension. The 
charge was left ^entirely to himself from midnight until the 
rising oi the sun, and if all the shepherds in the forest had 
been there to have assisted him, they could not have effected 
it with greater propriety. The shepherd afterwards acknow- 
ledged that he never felt so grateful to any creature below the 
sun as he did to his honest 'Sirrah' that morning." 



A countryman engaged in sowing his ground, was noticed 
by two upstarts riding past, one of whom said in an insolent 
way, "Honest fellow, 'tis your business to sow, but we reap 
the fruit of your labor." To which the countryman replied, 
"Tis very likely you may, for I am sowing hemp." 





CT XT -\T IE ILT I !_■ IE I1TSTBUCTOB 




f *IW ^uml % ifJorhl 



BY G. M. 0. 



OBSERVATIONS IX CHINA. 



I rambled daily among the san-pans (a peculiarly constructed 
boat) moored in teirs along the city front, on which lived 
hundreds of human beings of all ages and sexes, cramped and 
stowed away and densely packed in spaces so small it seemed 
impossible that they could live. I also sauntered into silk stores 
looking-glass and cabinet shops, cook shops, the markets, on 
the canals, into the grave yards, and the "Josh'' temples and 
watched the devotee burning his "ching ching," in the public 
square where the adept performed his legerdemain antics 
before an admiring crowd, among weavers, tailors, builders, 
bankers and artizans. Their ways to me were new, but with 
them very old, for hundreds of years their business had been 
going on the same, from father to son, year after year. 
Nowhere did I see machinery; everything was done by hand 
as primitive as it could be done, yet what was done, was as neat 
and highly finished as it possibly could be, and with a patience 
truly surprising. Everybody seemed to be busy, industry was 
the order of the day, yet I never saw so many beggars or cripples 
in my life before. I was much surprised at the cheapness of 
everything, but on reflecting it was not astonishing. The 
competition in all kinds of trade, the economy displayed in all 
matters and under all circumstances, making the most of 
everything, utilizing and saving the scraps and odds and ends 
of everything, was still more surprising. I visited the theatre 
one morning, and during the afternoon witnessed a grand 
military review, which to me was the more interesting perform- 
ance of the two. The officers and soldiers with their silk 
boots, paper hats and variegated dresses, wildly shouting and 
assuming ridiculous attitudes, made up not a bad representa- 
tion of many of our own ''Romeos" and "Don Casars." 

Of the many peculiarities of the Chinese, the most striking 
and original is his "tail." This mode of wearing the hair was 
imposed upon them by the Tartars, as a mark of subjugation. 
The Tae-ping rebels, viewing it in this light, allow their hair 
to grow. The loyal Chinaman regards it and ch.erisb.eo it with 
almost a holy reverence. No punishment is felt more keenly 
or is more humiliating than the loss of his ' 'tail. ' ' The head is 
shaved around the forehead and temples, leaving a circular 
patch growing on the crown to its full length. If the hair is 
not long enough to produce a good sized "tail," it is enlarged by 
adding silk to it, which is plaited on the hair. No Chinaman 
would think of venturing into company without having his 
head cleanly shaved; this is done about once a week. As for the 
face, he is not troubled much with beard. Owing to the 
numerous demands for head-shaving, barbering is Quite a 
business in China. A man cannot dress his hair properly 
without aid, so that the traveling barber is a person of some 
importance; and you meet him every few steps. When you 
require his services, he puts down his load, arranges his 
implements and goes to work. He has a lump of steel, of a 
triangular shape, about two inches long and one inch wide, for 
a razor, a linen strop, a bamboo table and seat, a basin, 
tweezers, a supply of black silk to lengthen "tails," and a few 
locks of real hair to supply artificial "tails" when needed. The 
customers always hold the basin, to catch the hair clippings 
for the hair collector, who goes his daily rounds collecting in 
his basket. The long hair combed from women's heads is 




made into false hair for the men; and the short pieces shaved 
from the men's heads are carefully utilized and used for manure, 
a little pinch being inserted or planted in the ground with each 
seed. It is always a mark of respect for a Chinaman to allow 
his "tail" to hang down his back; in fact, the right manage- 
ment of the "tail" is similar to the management of the hat 
among us. A Chinaman to enter a room or address himself to 
an equal without having his "tail" hanging down his back, 
would be thought as uncouth and boorish as would a European 
were he to go into a ladies' drawing room with his hat on his 
head. When at work, the "tail" is twisted around the head 
for convenience; but if a superior should pass, down go all the 
"tails" in an instant. The "tail" is never composed entirely 
of the hair of the wearer, being lengthened out with artificial 
hair and black silk. 

The heads of the women are not shaven, but, on the 
contrary, additions are made to them in the shape of hair. 
When unmarried, it hangs down their backs in a long plait, 
similar to that of the men; but when married, it is dressed in 
various styles, the "butter-fly" and "tea-pot" forms being the 
most fashionable. To produce the many shapes and styles, 
they use false hair, a strong gum or cement made from wood 
shavings, wooden hair-pins and skewers, and artificial flowers. 
They powder their faces with a white substance produced 
from pulverized marble, and color their lips and cheeks with 
vermilion, and finish their toilet by painting a "beauty spot" 
on some part of the face; in fact the chief article of a China- 
woman's household is her dressing case. Her hair must be 
neat and trim, though her neck and hands are ever so dirty. 
The feet form the chief peculiarity of the women, that is with 
a vast number of them. They have their feet cramped by 
bandages, when young, into a condition of deformity, that 
makes them little more than pegs oil which to walk. The feet 
of a full-grown woman do not exceed in size those of a child 
of ten years. The bandages are bound firmly around the foot, 
forcing the ball of the foot backward and the heel forward, 
making an arch shape. The four toes are bent under the foot, 
and so firmly pressed that in time they are almost lost, and 
the foot resembles a club foot. Repugnant as this is to our 
feelings, it is the delight of the Chinese, who call it the 
"golden lily." Plaster models of the "lilies" are sold in shops, 
but I had the curiosity to see the real foot. It was almost impos- 
sible to induce a woman to remove the bandages and exhibit 
the member, but, finally, after a great many trials, I succeeded 
in gratifying my curiosity, by paying a lady 17,500 mace ($1,50). 
Running is out of the question, in fact, fast walking is impos- 
sible with such feet. The poor women go hobbling along, 
holding out their arms, and assisting themselves by holding to 
walls or other objects. Owing to the lack of motion to the 
toes and ankles, and the muscles which work them and form 
the calf of the leg, they gradually shrivel and waste away, 
until the leg, from the knee down, is but little larger than a 
broomstick. Disgusting as this deformity is to us, it is coveted 
by all of them; and those who have been fortunately, or, as they 
think, unfortunately, neglected in their youth, endeavor by 
wearing a peculiarly shaped shoe, to counterfeit the "golden 
lily. ' ' Of the origin of the custom, nothing is known. One 
legend attributes it to an empress named Tan-Key, who lived 
three thousand years ago, who had club feet by nature, and 
induced her husb'ind to impose the same deformity on all his 
female subjects. Another legend is that a certain empress 
proving faithless, blamed it to her feet, when her husband had 
them amputated, that they might not lead her into bad com- 
pany again. A popular legend attributes the custom to the 





? 



JUVEITILB IHSrSTZR/TTCTOIR/. 



149 





decree of Prince Le-yuh, who was, in consequence, condemned 
to seven hundred years in the infernal regions, making shoes. 
Many of the Chinese of both sexes allow their nails to grow 
very long. This is a sign of rank, or a literary occupation, as 
the nails would be broken by any hard work. They are care- 
fully oiled to prevent them from getting brittle, and cases of 
bamboo, silver and other precious materials are made for their 
protection. In the cut of the dress, the male and female, 
noble and fisherman, are similar; the coat and trousers being 
the principal articles, modified in material according to circum- 
stances. The richness of material and beauty of work in some 
dresses covered with embroidery, no other country can equal. 
But dress is not a sign of rank in China. The simple little 
symbol, a spherical button, about as large as a marble, placed 
on the apex of a funnel-shaped hat, and the different colors 
and different materials of the buttons designate the rank. The 
possession of these buttons is an object of the highest ambition 
for a Chinaman, its value being increased by the fact that there 
is no hereditary rank in China. The much wished for button 
must be earned; it can neither be given as a favor or purchased. 
It can only be gained by passing through a series of rigid 
examinations, each increasing in severity; no candidate being 
permitted to compete for a higher rank, unless he can show a 
certificate gained in the rank below. The possession of the 
very lowest button exempts the wearer from military duty and 
from arrest by the police. He becomes one of the privileged 
classes, dresses in an official costume and is qualified to enter 
as candidate for higher honors. The order of the ' 'blue ribbon' ' 
is designated by a plain red coral button. The very highest 
post of honor is denoted by a peacock's feather attached to 
the hat; the gradations of rank are classed by the number of 
eyes on the feather, three eyes denoting a rank second only to 
that of the emperor. All ranks and both sexes carry fans; 
they are made plain and ornamental, some of most costly and 
elegant workmanship. The materials generally used are paper, 
palm-leaf, wood, feathers, horn, silk, satin and ivory. The 
lantern is almost as characteristic as the fan. By law every 
one who goes abroad after dark must carry a lantern. Like 
the fans, they are of varied pattern and material. 

The Chinese resemble the Tartars in many respects, yet, as 
a rule, they are less manly, having about them an air of 
inferiority, and lacking the determination that the Tartars 
possess. . Of their social habits, the greatest novelty and most 
widely known is their use of "chop-sticks." This name is an 
invention by foreigners. "Kwai-tze," or nimble-lads, as the 
Celestial calls them, are two simple slips or rods of bamboo, 
wood, bone, ivory or silver, nine or ten inches long and about 
the thickness of a quill, slightly tapering towards the end. 
They are both held in the right hand in the following manner: 
One passes between the second and third finger, and is held 
stationary; the other is held lightly by the thumb and fore-fin- 
ger, and is pressed against the point of the first, acting like 
pincers. Great adroitness is displayed in the use of the sticks. 
I have seen them pick up minute crumbs and grains of rice, 
with the utmost precision. Every Chinaman carries his chop- 
Stick case suspended from his girdle. Some of these cases 
are very beautiful. 

Their food varies with the wealth of the individual. What 
a poor man would deem a luxury, a rich man would not think 
of eating. Bice, pickled crabs, bird-nests and tea are probably 
the articles most consumed. The much talked of "bird-nest 
soup" is not made of sticks and straw, as many people suppose, 
but is a gelatine-like substance, formed of masticated sea 
When dissolved in warm water, it is very much like 



Irish moss. The Chinese mode of preparing tea is different 
from ours; they put a little tea into a cup and pour boiling rain 
water on it, covering the saucer over it to prevent the aroma 
from escaping, and drink it immediately. Milk and sugar they 
never use. The very best tea is never sent out of China, and 
a foreigner cannot buy it there; it is not made for general sale, 
but kept for presents by the nobility. All classes drink tea, 
in fact, it is truly a national beverage. 

{To be Continued.) 



4|i0rrcs£0nileucc. 

Smi riiFiELD, Cache Co., 

June 15, 1874. 

Editor Juvenile Instructor. 

Dear Sir:— On the 13th inst. our Jcvexiles 
had a grand treat, in the shape of an excursion on the U. N. E. E. 
from this City to Brigham City, We left Smithfield at half past 
six a. m. with about two hundred, children and adults, a ride of 
ten minutes brought us to Hyde Park, where our number was 
swelled to three hundred we then traveled on, arriving 
in Brigham City at ten a. m., where we were met at the station 
by the Brigham City brass hand and Sunday school, and marched 
to the Court House, in procession. There we spent an hour very 
pleasantly together, dismissed for dinner and spent the afternoon 
in visiting the various places of interest, amusing ourselves a3 
best suited our varied inclinations. At four p. m. we left Brigham 
City for home, arriving at half past seven p. m , having had a 
pleasant ride of near 90 miles. Altogether, we spent the day 
very agreeablj', having no accidents nor disagreements on the 
whole trip. To many it was their first ride in a railroad car, and 
their first trip out of Cache Valley. 

Our Sabbath school is in a prosperous condition, numbering 
nearly three hundred. Some of the classes are examined every 
Sunday, in the different catechisms, in the Instructor, and in 
Bible history in general. We are preparing for a grand Jubilee 
to he held in Logan, on the 24th of July. 

May success attend the Sunday schools in Zion, and may the 
Juvenile Instructor find its way to the homes of the children 
of the Saints, and be read and treasured up by all is the prayer 
of Your Brother, 

Francis Sharp. 



S XT ZLST HD ^. 1-T LESSONS 



FOB LITTLE LEARNERS. 



LESSON VIII. 

Q.— We have told 3*011 that when Jesus was upon the earth and 
established His church, it had twelve apostles. Has His church 
the same in these days? 

A— Yes. 

Q. — Without these apostles could it be the true church of God? 

A.— No. 

Q.— Whom did the Lord call to take lead in establishing His 
church. upon the earth in this dispensation? 

A. — Joseph Smith. 

Q. — How was the church organized by Joseph Smith ? 

A. — The same as by Jesus in His day. 

Q. — Hid Joseph know of himself how the church should be 
organized? 

A.— No. 

Q. — Wlni told him how it should be done? 

A. — Heavenly angels. 



II K is a poor wretch, whose hopes arc confined to this woi 





150 



J" TT \7" IE 2ST I Id IE IITSTBTJCTOB 




®t$ Jfm?enilq |(nstntdot|. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 








EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, 


JUNE 


20, 


18 


74. 



EDITORIAL TZeZOTTO-IHITS. 




N our last number we were somewhat 
inquisitive with regard to the sources from 
whence we procured our food, and rather 
minutely scanned the viands on our break- 
fast tables. To-day we propose to take a 
passing glance at the clothing worn by two 
of our little friends, and learn how much 
of it was manufactured in the vales of Utah. 
Our little friend with pants, jacket, hat 
and boots is soon examined. Not one iota of 
home-made goods can be found, from his hat 
ribbon to his shoe laces. True, his clothing 
might have been fashioned by the loving hands 
of his mother and sisters, but the material is 
the product of far eastern mills, tanneries, etc. 
The money to pay for all he wears, even to his 
buttons, has to be sent out of the country, and very 
little comes back to benefit us, or aid in establish- 
ing other and larger manufactures than we now possess. 

And now, little Miss, let us see what you have on. Your 
dainty straw hat, with its bright flowing ribbons, is certainly 
imported from afar, though the same hat might most easily be 
manufactured, at any rate, within a thousand miles of Salt 
Lake City. Your apron of plaid nainsook or striped muslin, 
whichever you like to call it, and your neat calico frock have 
come a long distance. The frilling, too, which encircles your 
neck and arms, has, if we are any judge, been brought from 
Coventry, in England. Think of it! How wise to send from 
six to seven thousand miles for a little tape trimming or fancy 
edging ! And yet we do this very thing. Your buttons, too, 
were made in Bohemia, so far off that perhaps some of you 
could not tell where it is. But look on the map, and there in 
Central Europe, between Germany and Austria, you will find it. 
Your "fancy shoes," we notice, have "Philadelphia" impressed 
on the sole, and your under-clothing, without being too inipei" 
tinent, we may venture to assert, is not of home-made mate- 
rial, though, peradventure, a little home-made flannel might 
be found in its composition. 

Cannot some of these things, to say the least, be produced 
and manufactured in Utah? Certainly. The men and the 
women are here who are skillful in these things. We know a 
neighbor of ours who made the bonnet and straw trimmings 
which Queen Victoria wore on a state occasion, when she 
reviewed some thousands of her troops in Hyde Park, London. 
Surely we do not insist on wearing finer clothing than a queen. 
It is the same with nearly every other trade; the best of work- 
men are here. What is now required is that we, for our 
mutual good, unite, firstly to produce, secondly to use all that 
can be produced and manufactured in these valleys that God 
has given us. Then we shall not give our strength to strangers, 
nor barter our portion to unbelievers. 




WE have heard some men talk about obedience to the law 
of the gospel, as though it seemed to them an impossible 
ihing for a man to be as much a free agent in keeping the 



commands of God, as in disobeying them. When a man yields 
complete obedience to the will of the Lord in all things, some 
pretend to think that he must of necessity lose his free agency, 
and at once become a puppet for others to handle. Those who 
hold this idea must entertain a very low estimate of human 
nature, for they would have us believe that to love sin and 
delight in its practice is the natural condition of the human 
family; nor do they appear to be willing to admit that a man 
may freely and without constraint love God and keep His 
commandments. But we contend that the idea that the sinner 
is the only free agent is entirely false, and further that it is the 
sinner who is the slave; and he who dances on the devil's 
ground and keeps step to his music has to serve a hard task- 
master. 

Again, we would ask, is the drunkard as free a man as he 
who keeps sober? Does the boy who swears use his agency 
any more freely than the one who prays? Does the girl who 
tells the truth lose her free agency, while the one who lies 
retains hers? If not, on what grounds can we assume that the 
obedient man uses his agency any less freely than he who 
chooses to disobey? Because a man or a youth chooses to 
serve God, and obey His laws, is he any less free in doing so 
than his unwise fellow, who prefers to live without God in the 
world? Cannot a man as freely serve God as he can the devil, 
and tread the path to heaven as voluntarily as he can descend 
the road to hell? We think so; why not? 

The fact is that some who take no pleasure in doing the will 
of God, onfound ideas when they talk about entire and unre- 
served obedience to God destroying man's free agency. They 
really mean that he who keeps God's laws has no license to 
sin; but it is this license to sin, and not the power, permission 
and opportunity to choose between right and wrong, that is 
withdrawn. A man is just as much a free agent in avoiding 
sin, as in committing it; in doing good, as in doing evil. 

Some also contend that the fact of our bending our wills to 
the will of another is bartering away our manhood. We fail 
to see it in that light. If the God we served were the inferior 
of man, in wisdom and in power, like the dumb idols, there 
might be something unworthy of our manhood in stooping to 
ol ey His commands. Or, were his laws crude, incomplete, 
immoral or degrading, we might rebel, though we fear the 
majority of mankind would not do so; for the behests of Satan, 
which so great a number obey without complaint, are of this 
very description. 

But the laws of the Lord are perfect; they are adapted to 
our eternal natures, and worthy of our divine origin; they are 
to us peace and salvation, and we see nothing unworthy ot our 
manhood in choosing to obey them. It is they who reject so 
great a salvation, that manifest their blindness and folly, and 
show how great is their ignorance of true and heavenly wisdom. 
Here some one may assert that he has not one word to say 
against a man being obedient to God, but it is this obedience 
to other men to which he objects. Who is meant by this 
expression "other men?" We reply, the holy priesthood — the 
servants of God. Just as well might a man say he believes in 
obeying the king, but does not believe in obeying his ambass- 
adors, or his representatives. How can a man obey God and 
disobey the priesthood, who teach God's will? They are the 
channel of communication between heaven and eaith; they are 
the mouth pieces of Jehovah, and when we hearken to them 
we obey Him. 

t t Then, it may be asked, are they to whom we yield obedience 
of a truth the mouth pieces of God? For if we do know that 
they are so, then in honoring them we honor God, in obeying 





J~TJ"V^ El^ILE IUSTEUCTOE, 




their words we obey Him; or, on the other hand, in despising 
them we despise Him, in rejecting them we reject Him, to our 
own condemnation. Jesus said to His apostles: "He that 
receiveth you receiveth me, and lie that receiveth me receiveth 
him that sent me. ' ' And here we would remark, that the fact 
that others do not know that they to whom we yield obedience 
are the servants of the Most High, does not affect us. If we 
have received this knowledge, then the ignorance of others is 
nothing to us, nor shall we be answerable therefor if we do our 
duty. Inasmuch as a man has heard the voice of God, the 
testimony of a million that they did not hear it, is no proof to 
that man that God did not speak, and when we have a testi- 
mony within us, given by the Holy Spirit, that these men are 
God's servants, the question, so far as we are concerned, is 
beyond all human controversy. This being so, it matters not 
to our free agency whether we obey the words of the Lord, as 
they come direct from the mouth of a living apostle, or as we 
gather them from the record of His teachings handed down to 
us from generation to generation; but they who obey a living 
priesthood have this immense advantage, that they can receive 
the word of the Lord direct, as their circumstances and needs 
may require. 



Again we remind our patrons that this number ends the 
First Half of our present Volume. Those whose sub- 
scriptions expire at the present time, will oblige us by renewing 
them immediately. By delaying doing so, they will not only 
put us to - extra trouble, but run a risk of not getting the 
Second Half of the Volume without subscribing for the entire 
Volume and taking the back numbers, as we shall not print 
any extra copies of the Second Half, and ''First come, first 
served. ' ' 



XJTJ^HI GOXJnSTTY JUBILEE. 



ON Monday, the 15th inst., about five thousand persons 
assembled in Provo City, Utah County, under a large 
bowery. About three-fourths of them were children from the 
Sunday schools of the several towns of the County (Lehi and 
Fairfield excepted); the others were teachers, parents and 
visitors. The pleased, anxious, expectant look on the faces of 
the little ones told that the occasion was one of more than 
ordinary interest to them. Whatever the object might be of 
their assembling, it was plain to be seen that the children felt 
that their presence was of s ime importance, that they had a 
part to perform. They were not crowded off on the back seals, 
as children so often are in large assemblies, but occupied the 
centre of the bowery in front of the stand, while an air of 
responsibility was apparent on each happy face. But this 
could be accounted for when it was announced that they 
had come together after several weeks of practice at home, to 
hold a grand County Jubilee, and they, the Sunday school 
children, were to be the performers. Among the visitors were 
Presidents Brigham Young, Geo. A. Smith and D. H. Wells, 
and a number of others from Salt Lake City. In addition to 
the singing, recitations, comic speeches, etc., by the children, 
in which they acquitted themselves very creditably, short and 
appropriate speeches were made by the visitors mentioned and 
others. The proceedings were most entertaining throughout, 
and the children of Utah County will doubtless long remember 
their Jubilee at Provo. 




The error of an hour may become the sorrow of a whole life 



THE aiRXDAATIDNr OF THORITE!. 

OUR picture presents the Savior of the world to our view as 
a man of sorrow and acquainted with grief, as the prophet 
Isaiah had long before foretold. 

We learn from the writings of the Evangelists, Matthew, 
Mark and John, that at the time Jesus was delivered by the 
chief priests and others to Pilate, it was the custom for him to 
release, at the feast of the passovcr, some prisoner, whoever was 
desired by the people. Pilate, who could find no fault in Jesus, 
desired to release Him. but the multitude, led by the chief 
priests, elders and scribes clamored for Barabbas, a murderer, 
to be given to them. 

And so Pilate, willing to content the people, released Bar- 
abbas and delivered Jesus, when he had scourged Him, to be 
crucified. 




Then the soldiers of the governor took Jesus into the com- 
mon hall, which was called Praetorium, and they called t igether 
the whole band. The<e soldiers then stripped Him, and in 
mockery clothed Him with a purple robe, which color the em- 
perors were alone permitted to wear, and they plaited a crown of 
thorns, and put it upon His head, and placed a reed in His 
right hand, and they bowed the knee before Ilim and mocked 
Him saying, "Hail King of the Jews.'' 

Then they smote Him with their hands, and spit upon Him. 
and took the reed and smote Him on the head. 

After they had mocked Him they took the purple robe 
off from Him, and put His own raiment on Him, and led Him 
away to crucify Him. 

Our picture needs but little explanation. In it we see Jesus 
in His suffering and humility-, lie sits in the midst of the 
crowd of Roman soldiers, clothed in the imperial purple. 
One of them is crowning Him king of the Jews, while the 
others bow in derision before Ilim. Little did those Roman 
1 soldiers think that the day would come when the whole world 
would have to bow to this same being, and own Ilim, not only 
King of the Jews, but Prince and Lord of all. 





152 



JT7VE1TILE IITSTRUCTOB. 





..tssmimriir s 



tefchcsL 



-A. SHIPWRECK 



BY A M A S A POTTER. 




ON the 31st day of September, 1855, we embarked on board 
the fine clipper ship Julia Ann. in the bay of Port Phillip, 
near the city of Sydney, Australia, bound for San Francisco, 
California. This ship had made two successive trips in the 
past year, loaded with Saints from the Australian mission. 

As we passed out of the bay, the sea was smooth and the 
weather fine; all on board seemed to enjoj T life, and in the 
evening a pleasant breeze was blowing from the land. By the 
next morning we had sailed one hundred and fifty miles. We 
passed Botany Bay, and could see the old fortress that the 
government erected, at the time that convicts were sent there 
from England. 

Several days passed, and our little bark glided over waves at 
the rate of nine miles an hour; and we had every prospect of a 
pleasant and speedy voyage across the great Pacific. We 
passed the coast of New Zealand, and found the weather there 
squally and rough, but two days' sail brought us into the open 
sea again, without any injury to the ship. 

Ten days afterwards we reached the equator, and experienced 
two days' calm, which time hung heavily on our hands, for we 
were impatient to accomplish our voyage, and reach our desti- 
nation in safety. But, alas! we were doomed to disappoint- 
ment. Our good little ship was not destined to carry us safely 
to shore, as the sequel proved. 

AVe had on board seventy Saints, or persons who ought to 
have been Saints, but I must say tha* there was great quarrel- 
ing and disputing, insomuch that we had incurred the displeas- 
ure of an offended God. an evidence of which we soon had, to 
our sorrow. 

We had been sailing thirty-one days and were in the midst 
of many islands and coral reefs, when the fatal accident befel 
us which I am about to relate. 

On the evening of that eventful day the sun set behind a 
thick black cloud, and Captain Bond remarked, "We must 
look out for breakers to-night, or we may have to swim without 
a boat.'' The night came on and all of the passengers went 
to bed and forgot what the captain bad said about the islands 
around us. 

Captain Bond was a very superstitious and visionary man, 
and believed all the tales of old Neptune and the mermaid. 

Our captain did not go to bed on that terrible night, but 
walked the deck until two o'clock, when he came to the fore- 
castle, and called out to the mates, "Get up, and call up all on 
board, for I am afraid that we are going to have a serious 
accident before morning.'' So the mate went around to the 
berths, and called up all on board; and when the passengers 
and crew had assembled on deck, Captain Bond said: "I know 
that something is going to happen to the ship, for I have 
heard a death bell ringing for the last two hours. At first it 
seemed to be a long distance away, but now it is close by the 
ship." The captain had scarcely uttered these words, when 
their came a shock with a sound like thunder, and the bows of 
our good ship rose out of water about eight feet; she had 
struck a coral reef! The captain called out at the top 
of his voice: "All hands save yourselves, as best you can!" 
He then cut the ropes that tied the life-boat, and let it down 
u the water; but it was full of cracks, and leaked very badly, 



and, indeed, was a very poor thing at best. The ship swung 
around with her side to the reef, when a heavy wave struck 
her broadside, heaving her up on her side, so that all on deck 
were thrown on the rock, which was just covered with water. 
The ship lay in that position about eight minutes, when she 
rolled off into the sea, and sank to rise no more; leaving the 
passengers on a lone rock, in water up to their knees, and no 
land in sight, This happened about four o'clock in the morn- 
ins, and it was still quite dark. 

When daylight came we searched among our little band, to 
find out who was drowned, for we heard a call for help when 
the ship went down. We found that Sister Humphrey and 
her two boys, also Sister Harris and her child were missing. 
When the ship struck, Sister Humphrey was heard calling to 
Sister Harris: "I am very sick; do not leave me!" And the 
reply came: "I will not leave j'ou; we have come together so 
far through peril; and if we have to die now, we will die 
together. ' ' 

When the sun rose in the morning we could see a sma 1 
low island, about eight miles distant. Our captain and the 
two mates and three others set out in the boat for the land. 
They succeeded in getting ashore, and found the land to be a 
low sand bar, not more than twelve feet above the level of the 
sea at the highest point. There was not a green spear of 
grass or vegetation of any kind, or even wood upon it; and 
when the captain returned to the rock, he found all hands in 
water up to their waists, for the tide had risen, and it seemed 
that all must be drowned. But here we witnessed a miracle, 
in answer to our prayers, for all prayed as the voice of one, 
that the waters might subside, and not come up any more until 
all could embark from the rock for the island. The water com- 
menced and continued to subside until the rock was bare, and 
the water did not cover it any more for the space of three days, 
for we were that length of time getting all to the island. 

When all had arrived on the shore our condition can better 
be imagined than described. We were all in our night clothes, 
and had not a change of garments. We had but a very little 
hard bread that had floated to the shore and that was soaked 
in the salt water. But worse than all, we were on a barren 
sand bar or island without a drop of fresh water to be found 
on it. Little children could be heard crying to their mothers 
and fathers in vain for bread and water, and there seemed no 
chance for us to escape death. We had been three days and 
four nights without food or water, and our men were all tired 
out with rowing the boat nine trips from the rock to the land. 
Their hands were blistered badly, and all were nearly ready to 
faint from the want of food and water. 

All came together and offered up a prayer to God to open up 
the way that we might get food and water. Here we exper- 
ienced another miracle. The following night a brother by 
the name of James Penfolde had a dream or vision in which 
he said that a glorious personage came to him and told him 
that if he would go to a lone rock, that was in the centre of 
the island, and dig a hole in the sand on the north side of the 
rock, he should find water that was good to drink, and that 
he should find a large turtle near that place, which we must 
kill for food; and the Lord would sanctify the meat of the turtle 
to the appetites of our company; and we must eat it raw for 
there was no wood on the island, nor anything that would burn 
to make a fire. He arose in the morning before it was yet day- 
light, and told his vision. 

(To be Continued.) 



Umbrage should not be taken where offense is not intended 





JTJVE1TILB IUSTBUOTOB. 



153 




■WELSH TRIADS 



There are three things that never become rusty — the money 
of the benevolent, the shoes of the butcher's horse, and a 
woman's tmgue. 

Three things not easily done — to allay thirst with fire, to dry 
wet with water, to please all in everything that is done. 

Three things that are as good as the best- — brown bread in a 
famine, well- 
water in thirst, 
and a gray coat 
in cold. 

Three things 
as good as their 
better — dirty 
water to extin- 
guish a fire, a 
homely wife to 
a blind man, and 
a wooden sword 
to a coward. 

Three warn- 
ings from the 
grave — "thou 
knowest what I 
was, thou seest 
what I am; re- 
member what 
thou art to be. ' ' 

Three things 
of short contin- 
uance — a lady's 
love, a chip fire, 
and a brook's 
flood. 

Three things 
that ought nev- 
er to be from 
home — the cat, 
the chimney, 
and the house- 
wife. 

Three things 
seen in the pea- 
cock — the garb 
of an angel, the 
walk of a thief, 
and the voice 
of the devil. 

Three things 
it is unwise to 
boast of — the 
flavor of thy ale, 
the beauty of 
thy wife, and 
the contents of thy purse. 

Three miseries of a man's house- 
ping roof, and a scolding wife. 



THE C3- O S IF IE X_, NET. 




-a smoky chimney, a drip- 



m » --^»---«h 




The water that flows from a spring does not congeal in 
winter. So it is with true friendship. Those sentiments of 
friendship which flow from the heart cannot be frozen in adver- 
ity. 



The thirteenth chapter of the "Gospel of St. Matthew" con- 
tains a number of the parables of our Savior, which He 
spake unto the people of the cities of Galilee. It is one of 
these that our engraving illustrates. It is as follows: 

"Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a net. that was 
cast into the sea, and gathered of every kind; which, when it 

was full, they 
drew to shore, 
and fat down, 
and gathered 
the good into 
vessels, but cast 
the lad away." 
You will no- 
tice that this is 
exactly what 
the fit-herruen 
aie doing in our 
pictuie. They 
have been out 
to sea, have had 
a sue c e s s f u 1 
trip, have re- 
turned to the 
sl.( re and land- 
ed their nets; 
thifith that are 
gocd for food 
arele'ng placed 
inla;kets,while 
all the useless 
and inferior 
kincsa.e being 
tin own away. 

But how does 
the kingdom of 
heaven resem- 
ble this net cast 
into the sea? 
Our Savior in a 
few simple 
words, gives 
the interpreta- 
ti m. He ex- 
plains that: 

"So shall it 
be at the end of 
the world; the 
angels shall 
come forth, and 
sever the wick- 
ed from the 
just, and shall 

cast them into the furnace of fire; there shall be wailing and 
gnashing of teeth." 

From this parable we learn that when the servants of the 
Lord, who are compared by Jesus to fifhers of men, go forth 
and preach the gospel, they will gather pertons of every kind, 
who for various motives will join the church of God — the pure 
in heart because they love the truth, others for varied and less 
noble motives. These will all be caught in the gospel net, just 
as we find them to-day, and all will continue together for some 





154= 



JUVENILE HTSTBTJCTOR 




time, but at the end of the world a day of separation will come 
when the just shall be honored and exalted, and the unjust will 
be cast out of the presence of God, to a place of utter dark- 
ness, where there will be wailing and gnashing of teeth. This 
day, glorious to the good, but awful to the wicked, is not far 
off and none of us can escape its terrors or its joys. 

When Jesus had finished the interpretation of the parable, 
He said to His disciples, "Have ye understood all these things? 
They answered, Yea, Lord. Then said he unto them, There- 
fore every scribe which is instructed unto the kingdom of 
heaven is like unto a man that is an householder, which bring- 
eth forth out of his treasure things new and old. 



CACHE VALLEY STTZLnTIDAY 

SCHOOLS- 



BY BE T H . 




V[7hat a lovely valley they have at Cache! What clear, 
V sparkling, delicious water! What green, refreshing 
foliage for the eye to rest upon ! What fairy-like nooks on the 
hillsides! They have a place there called ''Paradise." No 
wonder at it ! 

This is Logan. What a beautiful city ! They are getting a 
bowery ready for the Sunday School children to be entertained 
in. At the railway station car.s are being made into carriages 
to bring the little ones from the surrounding settlements. 
What pleasing anticipations there must be. 

I wonder if there are many children in this neighborhood. 

"Ye-. Mr. Beth;" said a gentleman much interested in 
Sabbith Schools, "there are some thousands; we expect two 
or three thousand here next Wednesday, and, what is more, 
they are good children hereabouts. I frequently, in fact con- 
stantly, visit the different Sunday Schools and find the children 
attentive, intelligent and full of ambition to learn. You would 
he surprised, I am, to see the order that prevails and the 
interest maintained during examinations; from the smallest to 
the largest there is a desire to excel. Not that there is any 
jealousy among them; it seems to be a pura spirit of emulation 
to impart information, rather than to 'show off' their supe- 
riority." 

This certainly is a desirable condition of things. How grat- 
ifying ii must be to the teachers ! It must greatly lighten their 
labors, too. 

"Yes; there is no doubt ofthut." replied the gentleman. 
"The chief difficulty in schools is to awaken the interest of 
the children; this appears to have been done here; this is how 
I account for the order that exists. When I see children 
absorbed in their studies, not looking around when a stranger 
enters the room, respectful to their teachers and to each other, 
punctual in their attendance at school, cheerful and uncon- 
strained in their manners, I am apt to think there is very little 
wrong in the discipline of such a school; and I am happy to say 
this gives you a fair picture of the condition of our Sunday 
Schools." 

For once, Mr. Beth has forgotton to say or scarcely think 
anything about "Our Mrsnin 1 ." What with information 
about the methods pursued in giving .subjects from the Bible, 
the Book of Mormon, the JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR and the 
other good books for children to read, reflect and speak upon, 
not in the dull, old-fashioned, prosy way they did fifty years 
ago, but with power to think of and understand that which is 
read; not to repeat like parrot-*, but like little men and women 

ascertain and tell the meaning of their lessons, it is not won- 



derful that coins and other antiquities were forgotton. Who 
can tell what latent fires of genius are burning in those young 
bosoms? Who can calculate the effects of culture upon the 
human mind amid such happy circumstances, environed by 
such glorious surroundings? Fortunate teachers to have such 
pupils, fortunate pupils to have such teachers ! Who can cal- 
culate the value of the results that will be wrought out by the 
simple, but practical, because natural, methods adopted in 
imparting instruction in our Cache Valley Sunday Schools. 



CHARADE 



BY J. L. B. 



They kneel and listen to a solemn charge. "Tis done ! 

Emotions of the pent up bosom burst 
Forth in words of tenderness, and two are one. 

They are — my first. 

There is a "first law" that the poet mentions, 
And, doubtless, as the most important reckon'd, 

For wisdom it surpasses man's inventions. 
That is — my second. 

That which the martyr' d prophet Joseph taught, 

To elevate and bless the human soul, 
Is now, to-day, with the same blessings fraught! 

That is— my whole. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 1 1 is Rainbow. We 
have received correct solutions from Lizzie Stanford, Ogden; 
S. N. Lee,- Brigham City; C. A. Allred, St. Charles; Chas. 
Reynolds, Jno. D. Irvine, Alexander Wright, and S. Chris- 
tensen, Salt Lake City. 



We shall be pleased to receive poetical answers to the Cha- 
rade which we publish in the present number. If our young 
readers who have a turn for writing poetry choose to make the 
effort, we will publish the contribution of the one who excels 



Quarreling. — If anything in the world will make a person 
feel badly, except pinching his fingers in the crack of a door, 
it is unquestionably a quarrel. No person ever fails to think 
less of himself after it than before. It degrades him in the 
eyes of others, and, what is worse blunts his sensibilities on the 
one hand and increases the power of passionate irritability on the 
other. The truth is, the more peaceably we get on the better 
for our neighbors. In nine cases out of ten the better course is, 
if a person cheats you, cease to deal with him: if he is abusive, 
quit his company, and if he slanders you, take care to live so 
that no one will believe him. No matter who he is or how he 
misuses you, the wisest way is to let him alone, for there is 
nothing better than this cool, calm and quiet way of dealing with 
the wrong we meet. 



It is not always safe to judge by outward appearances. 
Rags may cover nobility; poverty is often the home of great- 
ness. The surface does not always indicate the centre; the 
smile that seems to sit so gracefully on the lip, not unfrequently 
disguises the bitterest of gall. 



A passionate person makes himself disagreeable to'others 
without adding any to his own enjoyment. Control your 
temper and make yourself and others happy. 





a*TJ"VEiisri:LiEi iitstbtjotob 



155 




oust TIKIE 
boos: of mobaioit. 



KEIGN OF THE JUDGES. 




LESSON LXVI. 

Q. — What did Zeezrom do when he was baptized? 

A. — He began to preach unto the people. 

Q. — What did Alma do next? 

A. — He established the church in Sidom. 

Q. — Whom did he appoint to baptize those who would repent? 

A. — He consecrated priests and teachers. 

Q. — Did many of the people repent? 

A.— Yes; they nocked from all about Sidom to be baptized. 

Q. — How was it with the people of Ammonihah? 

A. — They remained hard-hearted, and would not repent. 

Q.— According to the order of Nehor what was their belief 
about repentance? 

A.— They did not believe in the repentance of their sins. 

Q. — Did Amulek continue with Alma? 

A.— Yes; he forsook all his precious things in Ammonihah for 
the word of God. 

Q.— How did his kindred treat him'' 

A.— He was rejected by all of his family. 

Q._What was the feeling with the people of Sidom? 

A.— They felt humble, and assembled often to pray for deliv- 
erance from Satan and from destruction. 

Q.— When Alma noticed this feeling what did he do? 

A.— He took Amulek with him and went into the land of 
Zarahemla. 

Q.— What did he do to Amulek? 

A.— He took him to his house and comforted him in his trib- 
ulations. 

Q._What came to pass in the eleventh year of the reign of the 

judges? 

A.— There was a cry of war throughout the land. 

Q.— What time of the year was this? 

A.— On the fifth day of the second month. 

Q.— What caused this war? 

A .—The Lamanites came into the land, and began to destroy 
the city and people of Ammonihah. 

Q._Before the Nephites could raise a sufficient army, what did 
the Lamanites do? 

A They destroyed the city of Ammonihah and slew some of 

the inhabitants around Noah, and took some prisoners into the 
wilderness. 

Q._What did the Nephites desire to do? 

A. — To recover those who were taken captives. 

Q Who was appointed chief captain of the armies of the 

Nephites? 

A. — Zoram. 

Q. — How many sons did he have? 

A.— Two. 

Q. — What were their names? 

A. — Lehi and Aha. 

Q .—What did Zoram and his sons go to ask Alma? 

A.— If the Lord was willing that they should go in search of 
their brethern. 

Q —What did Alma do? 

A.— He enquired of the Lord concerning the matter. 

Q._What word did Alma bring Zoram? 

A.— That the Lamanites would cross the river Sidom beyond 
the borders of the land of Manti. 

Q. — What were the Nephites to do? 

A. — To go up and meet the Lamanites. 

Q.— What promise did the Lord make? 

A.— That He would deliver the captives who had been taken 
the Lamanites. 



OUST THE BIBLE- 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 



LESSON LXVI. 

Q. — What did the Lord reply, when Moses asked Him to set B 
man over the congregation in his place? 

A. — "Take thee Joshua, the son of Nun, a man 'n whom is the 
spirit, and lay thine hand upon him." 

Q. — Did Moses do as the Lord commanded him? 

A. — Yes, he took Joshua, and set him before Eleazer the priest, 
and before all the congregation, and laid his hands upon bin', and 
gave him a charge. 

Q. — What people did the Lord require to be destroyed befor ■ 
Moses should die? 

A.— The Midianites. 

Q. — Why did the Lord give this command? 

A. — Because the Midianites were a wicked people, and led the 
children ot Israel astray from the commandments of God. 

Q. — How many of the kings of the Midianites were slain? 

A.— Five 

Q. — Who also was slain with the sword? 

A. — Balaam. ' 

Q. — What was done with the spoil taken in battle from the 
Midianites? 

A. — Moses and Eleazer the priest divided it as the Lord com- 
manded Moses. 

Q. — What was done with the jewels of gold, chains, bracelets 
rings, eairings and tablets taken by the the men of war? 

A. — Moses and Eleazer brought them into the tabernacle, for a 
memorial for the children of Israel before the Lord. 

Q. — What tribes had a very great multitude of cattle? 

A. — Reuben and Gad. 

Q. — What land was given them, at their request? 

A— The land of Gilead. 

Q. — On which side of the river Jordan was the land of Gilead 
situated? 

A. — On the east side. 

Q. — On what condition was that land given to Reuben and 
Gad? 

A. — That they send their men of war over Jordan, to subdue 
the land. 

Q. — Did any other portion of the children of Israel have the 
land of Gilead given to them? 

A. — Yes, half the tribe of Manasseh, the son of Joseph, were 
granted inheritances there. 

Q. — How many journey ings of the children of Israel did Moses 
describe according to their goings out? 

A. — Forty-two. 

Q. — What people were the children of Israel to drive cut of tl e 
land, when they passed over Jordan? 

A.— The Canaanites. 

Q. — Who were the leading men appointed to divide the land to 
the children of Israel for their inheritances? 

A. — Eleazer the priest, and Joshua, the son of Nun. 

Q. — Who else were appointed? 

A. — "One prince of every tribe." 

Q. — How many cities were to be given to the Levites? 
A. — Forty-eight. 

Q. — How many of these were to be cities of refuge? 

A.— Six. 

Q. — How much land were they to have outside of their cities, 
for suburbs? 

A. — A thousand cubits round about, for their cattle, and lor 
their g..ods, and for all their beasts. 

Q. — How were the inheritances of the daughters of Israel to he 
secured? 

A. — By their marrying only in the tribe to which they 
belonged. 





156 



JUTE1TILE liTSTBTJOTOB 




THIS WORLD'S CT XT IB I L IE IE . 
[Tune:— "The Hazel Dell."] 



Words by E. R. Snow. 



Music Arranged by Prof. C. J. Thomas. 





«~t — - L — -— d — * : 



va tion blow The 



— *- — P pzrrp— q=* 



ospel trump's loud 



3=—=z 







; J= *: 



, ' f 

God. the souvci' of 






=qpc 



=1 



^=^=S 



life and lore, To 



am 



:tar 



— ^ p- 

1 
earth His care ex 



± 



IC 



:=f; 



Mi 



:S=S: 



:^3= 



=t 



rjv=i 



=*: 



tends— Re 

42i I 



£-8- 



1^ 



veals the law th 



hosts a'jove In 



1 



33^^ 



holy 



=»i=p=-pzz=p; 
:pr=:p=*i=pi 



union 



blends 



:^=t: 



:f3i 



_ -)_. 







wake, awake. let the 

-Pi <3 _p -*■--* 



3=&= la: 



nations liear Je 

P; 



—J-* 1 : 

hovah s firm 



:=): 



2* 



=?=?: 



de 






t 



- r— 1 — 



>— ^ 



— -J 



cree, To a - 



* 



^— tc 



»-p— 1 — 3. — ^ — « 



usher 



>=-IIlp§il§IIiIi§=llI= 



the 



world's great Ju 



:t; 



bi 



J==r=W=r=|=E=: 



lee. 




Immortal garlands crown the day 

On which brave men of God, 
Who pioneer' d the desert way 

First in this valley trod. 
From here, the "little stone" will roll— 

''The kingdom" spread abroad, 
Till peace shall reign from pole to pole, 

And all acknowledge God. 



The "iron horse" and "lightning wires" 
Their mutual pow'rs combine; 

And man's vile wrath, o'errulcd, conspires 
To aid the great design. 

O'er mountain tops swell high the strain- 
To every land proclaim, 

The voice of God is hoard again; 
Shout, glory to his name. 




