
VOL 10, 



SALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER II, 1875. 



■>.<J. 25. 



ZMZOTTHSTT O A. L ^T .A. IR, Y. 





rpmc engraving which' we here present to our readers is 
l intended to represent the western wall of the city of 
Jerusalem and Mount Calvary, or Golgotha, as it was called 
at the time of the crucifixion of the Savior. Calvary is a 
translation into Latin of the Hebrew word Golgotha, which 
signifii a skull or a place of a skull. While mine writers 
claim that it was so called because of its being a place nf pub- 
lic execution and because of the criminals' hemes which 'ay 
scattered there, others claim that it was becau e the slight 
eminence which its site occupied was shaped like a human 
skull. 11 iwever tliis may be, there can be little doubt, th it if 
was the pine where the criminals who were tried and con- 
demned in Jerusalem were executed. At the time of our 
Savior Mount Calvary 
was situate ! outside of 
the wail surrounding Jeru- 
salem and on the west Or 
north west side, and our 
illustration is c viden tly 
intended to represent it at 
that period , as a short 
time afterwards another 
wall was built around the 
Holy City which extended 
farther to the north an 1 
west ai 1 t nclosed M mnl 
Calvary or Golgotha v.*. U- 
in the city limits. 

Mount Calvary is in- 
carialily associated in our 
minds with the suffering 
and death of the Savior. 
It was to this place that 
He was led after His mock trial before Pilate and Herod in 
Jerusalem, and after He had been scourged and tortuied by 
the Roman soldiers and then sentenced to be crucified to 
satisfy the insatiate, blood-thirsty Jewish rabble. It »:i- here 
that He suffered Himself to be stripped of Hi- clothing nailed 
upon the cross and executed, in the most ignominious manner, 
between two thieves: and here He died, praying to His Father 
in behalf of those who were torturing and killing I! in, "Father, 
forgive them; for they know not what they do. 

Although what purports to be the precise spot on which the 
Savior was crucified is now pointed out to credulous pilgrims 
who make long journeys from distant parts to Jerusalem to 
view the scenes and worship at the shrines associated in tb ir 



minds with the life, suffering and death of Jesus Christ, it is 
very doubtful whether am thing is known with any degree of 
certainty at the present time about the exact place where 
that tragic scene vras enacted. 



3STOT 3DEjVCO]SrSTjR,A.TI"VjH3. 



i \ T U) Na youth provide^ a home for his mother — she a widow. 



fl 



perhap: — and sees that her material wants are ministered 






js^fi^-JWiPt** 





tn, he thinks he has done all, perhaps mote than all, that is 
required of him. P>nt, she feels that there is a lack; she 
s that her boy seldom gives her a caress, he has forgotten 

all those affectionate ways 
that kept the wrinkles 
from her face, and made 
her look s; much younger 
than her years; he is ready 
to put his hand in his 
p ticket to gratify her 
lightest request; but to 
five of the abundance of 
lis heart is another thing 
•ntirely. Of COVK e J i? 
oves her, ei.-e he would 
■ertainiy do less to pio" 
note her comfort; but he 
loes not know how the 
mother heart craves an 
occasional kiss, the sup- 
port of youthful arms, the 
little attentions and kind- 
ly courtesies of life, that 
in ioiIi dowu so many of its asperities, and make the journey 
less wearisome. Material aid is good as tar as it. goes, but it 
has not that sustaining power which the loving, sympathetic 
heart I e-tows upon its object. Love your mother, my boy; 
and don t be ashamed to let the world know it. Can you 
begrudge a few extra steps for one who never stopped to num- 
ber tho-e you demanded during your helpless infancy? Have 
you the heart to slight her requests or treat hei remarks with 
indifference, when you cannot begin to measure the patient 
devotion with which she bore with your peculiarities? Antic- 
ipate her wants, invite her confidence, be prompt to offer 
assistance, express your affection as you did when a child, that 

the mother may never grit ve in secret for the son she has lo 



flftfeJ 



"TPS 





S90 



JTJYBITILE HTSTBTJOTOR, 




#IH$ 



merua 



BY G. M. 0. 



ANCIENT PERU. 



( Continued. ) 

A class of men, called Amautas, was trained to preserve 
and teach whatever knowledge existed in the country. 
They understood, and it was their business to keep, the "quip- 
pus." This was made of cords of wool, twisted and fastened to 
a base, prepared for the purpose. These cords were of various 
sizes and colors, every size and color having its peculiar mean- 
ing. The record was kept or made by means of an elaborate 
system of knots and intertwinings. So carefully educated in 
the business of using and understanding these simmlar records 
were the Amautas, that those skilled in it attained the art of 
recording laws, decrees and historical events to transmit to 
their descendants, and thus the "quippus ' could supply the 
plice of documents. The Amautas committed to memory and 
transmitted to posterity historical poems, narratives and songs. 
Tragedies and comedies were also preserved in this way. They 
were also required to give their attention to the science of med- 
icine and train pupils in knowledge. They were not priests 
but the learned men of the country, and the government 
allowed them every facility for study and for communicating 
instruction. 

Although it was believed until within a few years that the 
art of writing was uuknown to the Peruvians, Humboldt men- 
tions books of hieroglyphical writing found among the Panoes 
on the river Ucayali, which were "bundles of their paper 
resembling our volumes in quarto." A Franciscan missionary 
found an old man sitting at the foot of a palm tree and reading 
one of these books to several young persons. The Franciscan 
was told that the writing "contained hidden things which no 
stranger ought to know." It was seen that the pages of the 
book were "covered with figures of men, animals and isolated 
characters, deemed hieroglyphical, and arranged in lines with 
order and symmetry." The Panoes said these books "were 
transmitted to them by their ancestors, and had relation to 
wanderings and ancient wars." There is similar writing on a 
prepared llama skin found among other antiquities on a penin- 
sula in Lake Titieaca, which is now in the museum at La Paz, 
Bolivia. It appears to be a record of atrocities perpetrated by 
the Spaniards at the 'time of the conquest, and shows that 
some of the Aymaraes could at that time write in hieroglyphics 
(Baldwin, Ancient America, 256). A paper, called "quellca," 
for writing, was known and could be made by the people. 
Montesinos says writing and books were common in the "olden 
times," meaning in ages previous to the Incas. How the art 
was lost he explains in his history of the country, from which 
we will quote hereafter. Baldwin says, "It is not improbable 
that a kind of hieroglyphical writing existed in some of the 
Peruvian communities, especially among the Aymaraes." 

The Peruvian systems of government deserves particular 
attention. It was a paternal government, carried to its 
utmost limits, acquiesced in and approved ty the people, 
and meeting apparently all their wants. From generation to 
generation the whole mass of commonality w;i> shut out from 
any possibility of change; in every privilege and employment 
of life stringent and immutable rules and laws controlled and 
guided them. The whole empire was minutely divided and 




subdivided into districts, according to the population. Over 
each department a "curaca," or governor enforced the law. 
The state prescribed every man's place of residence, the nature 
and amount of his employment and the provision necessary for 
his support. The government claimed the entire ownership ef 
the soil, the products of which were divided into three parts. 
The first was set apart to support the extensive system of 
religion; the second to sustain the royal court and furnish 
means for the construction of all public works and to defray 
the current expenses of the empire; the third was divided 
yearly amrmg the people, apportionment being made to each 
family according to its numbers. The public domains were 
cultivated by the mass, and vigilant care was taken by the offi- 
cers that no one should be idle, no one overworked and no one 
in a state of suffering from want. No man had the right to 
choose his own employment. Artisans were selected and set 
apart, and instructed in such mechanical sciences as were then 
known to the country. While the greater part of the popula- 
tion was engaged in agricultural labors, others were emp] >yed 
upon works of public utility. Most exact accounts were kept 
by officers of the entire population, and the resources of the 
empire. No birth, marriage, or death passed unrecorded- 
Thus every year an immense amount of statistical matter was 
accumulated, relative to the productions of the soil, the extent 
of the manufactures, and the condition of the people. Every 
person was required to marry at a certain age (twenty-four in 
males, eighteen in females). A certain degree of choice was left 
to the individual when selecting a partner, but it was to be con- 
fined within the limits of a specified district. The Inca always 
married his sister, that the purity of the royal blood might not 
be contaminated; but such a connection was forbidden between 
any of the lower ranks. An extensive militia system was 
enforced, and in time of war troops were drafted from the dif- 
ferent districts, regard being had to the hardihood and energy 
in making the selection. The youth of the nobility and espe- 
cially the presumptive heir to the throne, were instructed in 
the art of war, going through a routine of bodily exercise and 
trials of endurance. Axes, lances, darts, bows and arrows and 
slings formed the principal weapons, and quilted coats to ward 
off arrows and sword thrusts, with helmets of skins and wood 
were worn by the soldiers. Great roads led along the mountain 
ridges, or along the plain near the sea-eoast. One of these 
roads has been traced for nearly two thousand miles. Stations 
for couriers were built at regular intervals along the main 
routes, by means of which light burdens and messages could be 
conveyed with astonishing celerity to any required distance. 
Granaries and storehouses, filled with supplies for the army, 
stood at convenient intervals, under care of appointed officers. 
A strange but sagacious policy was adopted with a conquered 
nation. The worship of the sun was immediately introduced; 
all the laws of the Peruvian empire were enforced and its cus- 
toms established; to lighten the yoke, the privileges as well as 
the duties of a subject were extended to the conquered people. 
It was not uncommon to retain the former nobles and governors 
in office, and the same paternal care was adopted in the inter- 
ests of the whole populace. Yet no steps were omitted to 
completely demoralize the newly acquired country. Large 
colonies of Peruvians were transplanted from their own country 
to the new, and their places supplied by a corresponding num- 
ber whose habitations they occupied. The Peruvian language 
was every where introduced, and in a few years a complete 
assimilation was accomplished. The people were contented 
with their lot and honored their priest and ruler with the 
utmost reverence. "No man could be 1 it.li, no man could be 
poor," says Prescott. "In Peru all might enjoy and did enjoy 





CT TT "\T IE I£T I LIE I1TSTBUOTOR. 



291 



a competence. Ambition, avarice, the love of change, the 
morbid spirit of discontent, those passions which most agitate 
the minds of men, found no place in the bosom of the Peruvian. 
* * * He moved on in the same unbroken circle in which hii 
fathers had moved before him and in which his children were 
to follow." The people thus lived in peace and quietness, con- 
tented with the government and the institutions under whose 
influence they lived, and by whose care the competencies of life 
were secured and guaranteed unto them. 

The only beast of burden in Peru was the llama, the vast 
herds of this animal being, without exception, the property of 
the state. The wool furnished material for clothing the whole 
population, passing through the hands, during its various prep- 
arations, of appointed agents before being distributed among 
the private families. Tbe manufacture of cloth was especially 
the work of women and children. 

Unlike the Aztecs, no religion requiring the blood of human 
victims polluted the altars of their temples. Being worshipers 
of the sun they offered at his shrine but fruits and flowers that 
his rays had propagated. 

( To be Continued. ) 



•+*- 



GIL.' 




A RAGGED, sad-eyed boy, aged nine or ten, stopped me on the 
street the other day and said : 

"I haven't had anything to eat this whole day ! Won't 
you please give me ten cents?" 

I gave it to him. I'd have given him the money il it had 
been necessary to pawn my hat. 

"Do you let impostors swindle you in that manner?" inquired 
an acquaintance. 

A journalist who has knocked around for a daily paper a 
dozen years, has seen every phase of human life. Men, women, 
and children have swindled him, or sought to; p ople have lied 
to him; his money has been given to whining, lying vagrants 
who told dreadful tales of distress, and he ought to be able to 
correctly read human nature. 

"I'll bet that boy is a professional beggar," continued my 
friend, chuckling at the idea of my being swindled. 

No one cares for the loss of a shinplaster on the street, 
while every one feels vexed and annoyed at the idea of being 
swindled out of a single penoy. I could not say that the boy 
was not a swindler , and yet I would have divided my last 
shilling with bim. 

"Why?" 

I told my friend why, and I will tell you. 

One day last year, when the wild wind blew the snow over 
the house-roofs and around the corners in blinding clouds, and 
when the frosty aircutone's face like a knife, a boy of ten came 
up to me as I waited for the car. He was thinly clad, his face 
betrayed hunger and suffering, and in a mournful voice he 
pleaded : 

"I'm hungry and cold!" 

"Why don't you go home?" I aske 1. 

"I haven't any I" 

"Haven't you any relatives !" 

"Not one." 

"How long have you been hero?" 

"Three weeks." 

The boy spoke in that drawl which professional beggars 
assume. 1 believed, too, that I had seen his face on the streets 

me and again. I hardened my heart and said : 



"Boy : I know you, and if I catch you asking any one fo r 
money again, I'll have you arrested: " 

He moved away quickly. I argued that this proved his 
guilt, forgetting that a homeless, friendless waif might evince 
fear when entirely innocent. 

Five hours later, when night had come, and the wind had 
grown to a fierce gale, the boy halted me again as I plunged 
throught the snow-drifts. 1 did not see him until he called out : 

"Mister! I'm almost starved, and I'll freeze to death if'I 
can't get some place to sleep !" 

The same thin, ragged clothes — hardly comfortable for June 
weather — the same whine to his voice. I felt like giving him 
money, but the fear that he had been sent out by his parents 
to beg restrained and angered me. Catching him by the arm, 
I yelled out : 

"See here, boy ! if you don't own up that you are lying to 
me, I'll take you to the station !" 

Through the blinding storm I saw his white face grow paler, 
and he cried back : 

"Don't take me — don't! Yes, I was lying!" 

I released him and he hurried away, while I walked on, 
flattering myself that I had played a sharp game and done the 
generous public a good turn. 

An hour later when the night had grown still wilder and 
colder, some one knocked at my door. It was a timid knock, 
and I wondered who could have sent a child abroad on such a 
night. When I opened the door that same boy was on the 
step, his face blue with cold, his whole form shivering, and 
a look of desperation in his eyes. 

"Please, Mister !" he began, but stopped when recog- 
nizing me. 

I was puzzled to know why he had selected me for a victim 
and trailed me so persistentlv. I might have argued that the 
storm had driven people off the streets, and that the freezing, 
starving boy had in his desperation called at the house, but I 
didn't. Had it been any other person or any other boy asking 
charity I would have given promptly and freely. But I was 
angry at his trailing me — angered that he thought he could 
swindle me. and I grabbed at him and inquired : 

"Boy, what is your name?" 

He leaped back, and, standing where the furious storm 
almost buried him from sight, he answered : 

"Gil!" 

"I know you, sir!" I shouted, and he moved away without 
another word. 

May the Lord forgive me 'or l ha f night' s work! But you might 
have acted the same. When morning came, after a night so 
bitter that policemen were frozen on their beats, I opened the 
front door to find the boy dead on the steps, frozen to death! 
I knew, as the dead white face looked up at me through the 
snow, that I had wronged him with my suspicions, but it was 
too late then. Poor Gil ! a warm meal or a shilling would have 
saved his life, and I drove him out to' his death. 

This is why I give when I am asked now. 1 know that I 
sometimes give to the unworthy, but it would bo better to give 
all I possessed to an impostor than to have another homeless 
waif creep back to die on th spot where T had unjustly accused 
him. — M. Quad in Hearth and Home. 




We learn our virtues from the bosom friend who loves us; 
our faults from the enemy who hates us. We cannot easily 
discover our real form from a friend. He is a mirror, on which 
the warmth of our breath impedes the clearness of the reflec- 
tion. 





292 



■JT7VEUILE UsTSTRUOTOK/ 




OTTIR, TONGUE. 



The following instances of the ambiguity of the English 
language are by Washington Moore. Some of the error* 
which he singles out are decidedly amusing. For instance : 

A furrier, lamenting in an advertisement the tricks played 
upon the public by unprincipled men in hi sown trade, "earnestly 
requests ladies to bring him their skins, which he promises 
shall be converted into muffs and boas." 

Another advertisement ran thus: 

"Two sisters want washing." 

Here must have been a strange sight : 

"He rode to town, and drove twelve cows on horseback." 

A gentleman advertised for a horse "for a lady of dark color, 
a good trotter, a high stepper, and having a lorg tail." 

Better, more amusing, more instructive, and more credil li i 
is the following illustration of the inevitable ambiguities 
involved in accurate language. One gentleman observed to 
another : 

"I have a wife and six children in New York, and I never 
saw one nf them." 

"Were you evei blind?" 

"Oh, no!" replied the other. 

A further lapse of time, and the interrogator resumed the 
subject. 

"Did T understand you to say that you bad a wife and six 
children in New York, and you had never e. n o f tin m? 

"Yes. such is the fact." 

Here followed a still longer pau e in the conversation, when 
the interrogator, fairly puzzled, said : 

"IInw can it be you never saw one of them ' 

"Why," was the answer, "one of them wai born after I 
left." 



ASA AUSfE) IE/A. 




A sa and Ira were two brothers, whose latins lay side by 
/i side in a fertile valley. When the corn, the oats and 
the 1. arley were springing up. the wet Is took advantage of the 
rich soil, and came up with them. 

"Do you see." said A.-a. "what a hold the weeds are 
tatin^.' There- is a danger of ihcir choking out the crops 
entirely ," 

"Wvll, well, we must be resigned," replied Ira; "weed as 
well as grain were a part el' the Creator's plan, and there is no 
use in murmuring about them." And he lay down Cor his 
Usual altera. ion doze. 

"I can only be re igncd to what T cannot help," said Asa. 
So he went to work and plowed, and hoed, until his fields were 
clear of weeds. 

"The army-worms tire in the n hbo hood," said Asa to 
Ira one d oy. "They have already cat it throu, h the adjoining 
meadows, and are moving towards u . 

"Ah!" exlaiiued Ira. "ihey will urcly destroy what tl.e 
wei i have not choked out. I will immediately retire to pray 
that their course may be stoj > d or tinned aside." 

But A-a replied, "I pray be iuies, every morning for stn rjgtli 
to do the work ot the day." And he ha item d to dig a trench 
round his land, which the army worm- could not pas: — while 
Ira returned only in season to save a small portion of his crops 

from their ravages. 

"Do you see, Ira?" said Asa, another morning, "tin river 
is rising very fast. There is but » slender chance of preventing 
mr farms from being overflowed." 



"Alas I it is a judgment upon us for our sins , and what can 
we do?" cried Ira, throwing himself in despair upon the 
ground. 

"There are no judgments so severe as those which our own 
sloth brings upon us," replied Asa. And he went quickly and 
hired workmen, with wl^e help he raised an embankment 
that withstood the flood, while Ira witnessed, with blank looks 
and folded hands, the destruction of his harvests. 

"There is one consolation," said he, "my children, at least, 
are left for me. ' ' 

But while Asa's sons grew up Ktrongaod virtuous men, among 
Ira's there was a drunkard, a gambler, and a suicide. 

"The ways of the Lord are not equal," complained Tra to his 
brother. "Why are you always prosperous, while I am nfflicted, 
and my old age di -graced?" 

"I only kno.w this," replied Asa, "that heaven has always 
1 l| ; me to treat the faults of my children asl did the weeds, 
the caterpillars, sod the flood; and that! have never presumed 
to d a pi titi m , 1 ivithout making toil my right hand 
servant, the un ■ ng< i of uj pi y er." 



«c^»>- . -^^..— ^-^j 



" NEVSE. WASTE BIRIEAID." 

V.\ JOHN HOWARD. 

/~\ne day. i i ' I 1 I i >, a young Soottibh 

' in tiden . I ■• hont 1 ■ 1 ischold iffaii -, when an 
I stran i ti ' ' ■ and asked peruiis: ion to enter 

md rest, requc: ting, al the n ■ ,; ue, thing to eat. The 

J tng girl brousht hi I of 1 I 1 milk, and (Vied in 

wa I an,] him uifortal le. \ ; iece of bread hap- 
pened to fall on th :' ir, and 1) pushed it awaj with her foot 
on to a heap of ashes. 

"Nevi br ad," cried the stranger with much emotion, 

picking up the bread aud putting it into his milk. "I have 
known the time when I would have given gold for a handful 
of corn kneaded in a soldier's bonnet." 

A quick suspicion crossed the girl's mind which sent her to 
the room of her invalid mother, who hastened to (be kitchen 

on hearing the description of il Id man with the delicate 

han Is, and clean, coarse linen. A suspicion flashed across her 
mind, from the description her daughter had given, that he 
was the good Scottish lord on whose estate they were tenants. 

Fler suspicions were correct. He had just returned from the 
battle oi Culloden, where the young prince Charles Edward 
Stuart had been def the royal troops, and he, with 

many others had been i I to hide for their lives. After 

being driven from one ea\e to another, he at last found a safe 
hiding place on a part of his estate, where there were large 
cairns, called i he "cairns of PitsligO." 

The lady who tell the story says: "Every one in the neigh- 
borhood knew of his residence;" the children would go and 
peep at him as he sat reading, but would never breathe his 
name; 'inn," she adds, "shall I ever forget the lesson the 
poor fugitive taught me: 'Never waste bread.' " 

This historical incidt nt is very suitable for consideration in 
these days of extravagance, and it should teach us to value 
God's blessings to us by being economical and faithful stewards 
over that committed to our care. 



An inward sincerity will of course influence the outward 
deportment; but where the one is wanting there is great reason 
to suspect the absence of the other. 




&^ 



JUTEITIIjE instbuctob 




puestuuis and Jv usurers 

oisr the 
book: ob mobmoist. 



RKIGNOFTHE JUDGES, 




LESSON CI, 

Q. — What became of the Ns-phites who emigrated to the land 
northward? 

A. — They became very wicked and unrighteous and finally 
joined the Lamanites. 

Q.— When was peace again restored in the land of Nephi? 
A. Not until the end of the forty-eighth year of the reign of 
the ja Ig ?s. 

i. .. 10 was in the judgment seat all this time? 
A. - Kelaman. 

y. — 11 >'w many sons did he have? 
A. — Two. 

Q. — What were their names? 
A.— Nephi and Lehi. 

Q. — In the forty-ninth year of the reign of the judges what 
kind of a spirit was manifested, and what was its result? 

A. — A spirit of repentance came upon the people, and many 
thousands were baptized into the church. 
Q. — In the fifty-third year what happened? 
A. — Helaman died, and his position was tilled by his eldest son 
Nephi. 
y. — What occurred in the next year? 

A. — A rebellion broke out ami there was much bloodshed. 
Q. — What did the dissenters do? 

A. — They joined the Lamanites and tried to persuade them to 
attack the Nopliites. 

y. — Did the Lamanites at that time do as they were requested? 
A. — No; but some more dissenters having arrived, the king of 
the Lamanites finally consented, and prepared fur war. 
O —When was this? 

A. — In the fifty-sixth year of the reign of thejudges. 
Q. — At the end of the fifty-ninth year wlia* had been accom- 
plished? 

A. — The Lamanites had obtained possession of all the land to the 
south, and had driven Morouihah and his army into the land of 
Bountiful. 

Q. — During the next two years what did Moronihah .succeed in 
doing? 

A. — In obtaining possession again of one half (lie land. 
Q. — What did Nephi, the chief judge, do in the sixty- second 
year. 
A. — lie yielded up the judgment sea! 1" a man named Ce/.oram. 
Q.— Why did he do this? 

A. — Because he desired to travel an. I preach i" the people, they 
having become proud and sell-wil.ed. 
y. — After Nephi and hi- brother Lehi had traveled through 

the land .if the Nopliites where did 1 h.-v go? 

A.-«-Thoy went among the di enters wh had 1 n the cause 

of the war. 

Q — Wlia l was the result of their labors? 

A. — Many repented and were bap ized. 

y. — Wlia was afterwards done to Nephi and Lehi? 

A. — They were east into pri on. 

y. — Wluu did the Lamanites intend i<> do with them? 

A.— They left them for a time without food and den came to 
kill them. 

Q. — What prevented them from doing this? 

A. — Nephi and Lehi were surrounded by a pillar of lire. 

Q. — When tin- Lamanites saw tins whul did they do? 

A.— They trembled with fear and could not mv\ e. 

Q.- -When Nephi and Lehi spoke, what happened? 

A. — The earth shook, and a cloud of Uai knead came upon the 
Lamanites. 



NAPLES!. 



Festivals, begging, dining and doing nothing are the favo- 
rite occupations of these people. This is one of the coun- 
tries where even a beggar rides if possible. They cannot un- 
derstand how any one should walk from choice. A person on 
foot, unless he shows too plainly that he is a stranger (all foreign 
pedestrians get the name "Inglesi" — English), may go his way 
without much fear of beggars ; he soon has the reputation 
of being a beggar himself; not an enviable reputation, perhaps, 
but one which, about Naples, saves the unenuing torment of 
being followed ami called after by every second man v woman or 
child you meet, asking for a few eentessvmi. On one of the 
holidays a dozen or twenty people of all kinds — priests, monks, 
porters, women — get a sort of cart, and piling in, from the 
patriarch to the infant in arms, away they go for a picnic. 

But, of course, there is some business done in so large a city 
as Naples ; the people do not all ride and walk and look at each 
other. The shopkeepers know that the foreigners who visit 
their city are'fond of beautiful things, and they fill their shops 
accordingly. There are many jewelry stores, and very beauti- 
ful ornaments of coral, most delicately tinted with pink, and of 
lava from Vesuvius, and of tortoise shell. The girls who read 
this sketch would be delighted to go into one of the large manu- 
factories where they make these beautiful articles. And there, 
too, these things arc very cheap, for the coral and tortoise shell, 
and lava are obtained close by Naples, and the workmen re- 
ceive small wages, and the merchants are anxious to get your 
money. Then there arc handsome boxes, fans, etc., made 
from wood, beautifully carved, and brought from Sorrento, a 
city near by. I> latttiful silk goods tiro mule here; all know of 
the '"Gros do Naples." Violin-', too. arc among the things 
which these people can make better than almost any others, 
and we need not wonder how so many little Italian boys arc about 
our si reel-, a- ragged as the\' arc little, yet play so easily On this 
instrument; they come from the land of violin;. There is 
anothei article in the manufacture of which you would be 
interested, and that i- inaccaroni. As you ride along the west 
shore toward Ve: uvius, you see building after building ir which, 
and before which, the long white maccaroni, or vermicelli, is 
hung up on pole- to dry. Inside is the machine which kn< ada 
the Hour into a paste, an 1 the iron cylinder* into which this still' 
dough is placed, when .-, big pounder shoves if down tight un- 
til the little stem- eo:n ■ thro i ;ll the hole- in the bottom of the 

cylinder, and are pulled 'If every few minutes and hung up to 
dry. The I "ili i is i ii i i 'i maccaroni almost as fast as thiy can 

mike it— in fact, du iug their meal it seems that there is one 

unbroken string of it passing from their dishes ii o their 

mouths. 



The Value of Work, When Charles Dickens said that 
all he had achieved was by diligent, patient, persevering appli- 
cation he only Mated what had been the experience of every 

Mere i 'til man. Nothing is more important to young men 

than thai they should early learn and fully comprehend this 
great truth. It is step by step, by toilsome effort added to 
toilsome effort, thai all a < tit achievements are made. As has 
been well remarked, there is no royal road to anything else 

of great value in this life. Work steady, long continued, 

and regular application i tie' only price tin- which anything 

worth tho haviri be I ght. There is no great success of 

any kind wil bom ureal lal >r. 



The only way for a rich man to be healthy is, by exercise 

and abstinence, to live a- if he were poor. 





294r 



CT TT "V IE IsT I LIE INSTBTJCTOR. 



^hq ]^uvem\$ i)(nsfructo![. 



OFOROT! O PANW-^v 




EDITOR. 




I WH( 




SATURDAY, 


DECEMBER 


11 


187 5. 





EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 

OU who have read the Book of Mormon 
doubtless remember Korihor, a man who 
is called in that Book, Anti-Christ. We 
are forcibly struck with the character of 
his teachings, they are so similar to the 
doctrines believed in and taught by many 
people in these days. Korihor' s doctrines 
are, many of them, the most popular doc- 
trines in the United States to-day. Were 
he alive to-day, he might be able to get a 
good living from his followers, as many others 
do who believe and teach as he did; but he lived 
at a wrong time for this. lie li"ed at a time 
when the majority of the people were for the 
truth: this was in the seventeenth year of the Neph- 
ite Republic and about seventy-five years before the 
birth of the Lord Jesus. Instead of becoming pop- 
ular, and being rich and honored, he was struck 
mb and became a beggar, and, finally, died a miserable 
death. To teach false doctrines, to revile the truth and to 
attack the priesthood and gospel did not make him popular or 
bring him much favor. That was a different time and age, 
"Hid though there was wickedness then and many ot the people 
were weak and foolish, yet it was a far bettor and purer period 
than this in which we live. The history of Korihor illustrates 
one great fact: that though nineteen hundred and fifty-one years 
have passed since he taught his doctrines, Satan has not 
changed his methods of leading people to fight against the 
Lord and His truth. He tells the same old lies to those who 
will listen to him as he told to Korihor, and when he gets them 
in his power and has used them as long as he can, he leaves 
them in the lurch as he did that poor wretch. 

One of Korihor's doctrines was that there would be no 
Christ. The reasons he assigned for this were: that no man 
eould know any thine concerning the future: that men could 
not know of things which they did not see, therefore, they 
could not know that there would be a Christ. It was true 
there were what they called prophecies; but he ridiculed them. 
They were not to be relied upon. He called them foolish tra- 
ditions, unreliable and unworthy of credence. How could 
there be an atonement made for the sins of men? How could 
one man die for another, as the Elders taught the people Jesus 
Christ would die for us? He declared all these teachings non- 
sense. It was ridiculous to think that God's son would be 
born of a virgin and that he would be slain, and that, through 
his death, mankind would be redeemed. 

One can inagine how he would laugh and scoff at these ideas, 
and call them the foolish dreams of the Elders, and that 
they taught these things to keep the people under their influence, 
that they might have power over them. One can imagine all 
this, because there are very many people who talk and reason 
in this style now. Korihor's arguments can be heard all over 
the land to-day. Thousands use them and pretend to believe 
them, and think themselves wonderfully smart because they 
have rejected what they call, as Korihor did, "the foolish 
aditions of ancient priests." 



Korihor said: "Ye look forward and say that ye see a 
remission of your sins." How could sensible men expect such 
a result as that ? Why, said he, that is all imagination. There 
is no such thing as a person receiving the remission of sins or 
knowing anything about it. Said he : all this "is the effect of 
a frenzied mind." You are led into this belief because of the 
teachings you have received and the traditions of your fathers. 
But these things are not so, and you are foolish to believe them. 
Then he told them what he believed. "Now," said he, "you 
are all in bondage, because you are bound down under foolish 
ordinances and performances taught by your priests. They 
say that, because of the transgression of a parent, you are all a 
guilty and a fallen people. But I say a child is not guilty 
because of the acts of its parents. They sav that Christ must 
come to die for your sins and the sins of the world. I say that 
this is not necessary, and that they know nothing about it. 
But they have ati object in making yiu believe these things. 
They want to keep you in ignorance, to live upon your labors, 
to make you look up to them and to obey their counsel and to 
do with your means as they tell you. You dare not do as • 
you would like with your own. They have brought you to 
believe in their traditions, their dreams, their visions, their 
whims and their pretended mysteries ; and if you will not do so, 
they say that you will offend some unknown being, whom they 
call God! And who is He? A being who has never been 
seen or known, who uever was nor ever will be. Yet they say 
that you are afree people ; but you are not, you are in bondage." 
These were the doctrines of Korihor. They led men to 
reject that which they could not see or comprehend with their 
physical senses. Korihor said that he could not see God, 
therefore, said he, "there is no God!" What degraded 
narrow-minded folly! As well might the blind man, who has 
not, any sense of sight, say there is no sun, because he has 
never seen it and never been dazzled by its rays. Cannot he 
feel its heat? Shall he deny that its rays warm his body? 
Yet there are many thousands of people in the United States 
who reason in this manner now. In Utah Territory, also, 
there are many who have the same spirit as Korihor had. 
They rail against God and godliness, against the gospel and the 
priesthood and against their influence and teachings. If they 
could, they would destroy all faith. Like Korihor, if they 
had the power, they would have the people believe that every 
man fares in this life according to his management; that eveiy 
man prospers according to his genius, and every man conquers 
according to his strength. They desire the children of the 
Latter-day Saints to believe these soul-destroying doctrines. 
They deny the Holy Ghost, and say it is foolish to believe that 
any one received it. When the Elders teach that people 
should live so as to have the Holy Ghost, they ask: "who ever 
aw the Holy Ghost?" When the Elders prophesy, they say: 
"no one can foretell future events." When they teach people 
to contend for the gifts of the Spirit, they say: "there are no 
gifts of this kind, they only exist in your imagination." When 
they urge the people to obey counsel, they say: "be independent, 
act for yourselves, do not be governed by what they say." 
Anil thus they would persuade the people to be full of un- 
belief like themselves, and especially do they desire to have 
the children grow up infidels and scoffers. 

The same results attend their teachings which attended those 
of Korihor. Those who believed in his words became wicked. 
They had no fear of God. They broke His laws. They sneered 
at holiness and purity. They followed all the inclinations of 
their own hearts and gratified all their desires. 

But a true Latter-day Saint knows that God lives. He feels 
His Spirit. It fills him with peace and joy. He rejoices in it 






JTJYBITILE USTST'-RUCTOB. 



295 




gifts. He is led to do good, to put away evil, to conquer every 
carnal desire, to submit himself to the will of God in all things. 
If a man say to him: "there is no God," he knows that he is 
a liar and the truth is not in him. He might as well try to 
make him believe that there is no sun, or moon or stars, or any 
earth, or that he himself is not alive. He knows that God 
lives, because He hears his prayers. He has asked God for 
things that he wanted, and God has heard him and given them 
to him. He knows every day that God lives, because every 
day, as he prays to Him, He gives him His Spirit. 

Suppose a child has a kind father, who gives him food and 
clothing and other things, and whenever he asks him for any- 
thing that he should have, he receives it. Do you think that 
any man could persuade that child that his father did not live 
and never had lived? 

A thousand Korihors may say the Latter-day Saints are 
deceived; but does this make it so? If we know a thing to be 
true, does the ignorance of others concerning it make it un- 
true? Certainly not. The prophet Joseph saw the Father 
and the Son. The world said it was not true. They had not 
seen God. and because they had not seen Him, they argued 
that he could not have seen Him. But was this correct? Cer. 
tainly not. The Father and the Son had been revealed to 
Joseph, he had beheld their forms, had heard their voices, aud 
though all the world denied it, it was none the less true. 

How important it is, children, that you should seek unto 
God for a knowledge of Him ! He will make Himself known 
to you. But do not imagine that the only way to know that 
He lives is to see Him. He has other ways, besides this, of 
revealing Himself. It may not be His will at present to show 
Himself bodily unto you as He did unto the prophet Joseph ; 
but, of this be assured, it is His will to give you His Spirit, if 
you will seek for it aright, and to hear your prayers, if you ask 
in faith for what you really need. 



OLD-TIME otjsto:m:s. 




In the fourteenth century it was the fashion to carry tooth- 
picks of silver, which were suspended round the neck by a 
chain, sometimes together with a seal. The seal was a very 
important article in days when letters were fastened together 
with wax, and the seal of a document was regarded as even 
more essential than the signature. A man could seal when he 
could not write. The Arab sheiks of the present day carry 
about with them a signet-ring, carefully wrapped up in a piece 
of rag. In the >ame century it was also the fashion to decorate 
gloves with gold and silver. In the inventory of effects be- 
longing to the Bishop of London are a pair of gloves, deco- 
rated with goldsmith's work and enamel, worth sixty pounds, 
which is equivalent to three hundred dollars at the present time. 

In Venice there was a curious custom respecting the women. 
They were obliged whenever they went out into the street to 
wear pattens two feet high. When a foreign ambassador once 
remarked that in other countries low slippers were found more 
convenient, an austere Senator replied, ^I'ar troppo commodi" 
(only too convenient). 

This custom had the effect intended, of keeping the ladies 
very much at home. It was too much trouble for them to gad 
about for gossip on the unwieldy pattens, and consequently they 
had nothing to do but sit in the balconies of their houses and 
bleach their hair by wetting it and then exposing it to the sun. 

For this purpose they would sit still for hours, wearing hats 
without a crown. The light yellow hair thus produced was 
very much admired, and maybe seen depicted in Titian's pie- 
ures of the beauties of his time. 



HIT 




«seiw{. 



BY BETH 



THE FALCON". 

The small but brilliant Black-winged Falcon is a native »f 
Africa, but is found in nearly all temperate portions of the 
Old World. It has also been see.i in New Zealand and Java. 
It is a fierce and daring little bird, striking so sharply with beak 
and claws that even when wounded it cannot be approached 
without considerable precaution. It is generally to be 
seen perched on the extreme top of some lofty tree, and while 
looking out for prey or engaged in active putsuit, pours forth 
a succession of e ir-piereing cries, earning thereby from se\eral 
ornithologists the specific title of "voetferus. " Besides insects, 
it also feeds upon snake- and various small reptiles, and will 
sometimes, though but rarely, kili mall birds or mice. 

The family of the Falcon is very numerous on this continent. 
We frequently see the golden eagle and more rarely the "bald 
eagle," but by far the most interesting of the Falcons is the 




pretty, little, daring fellow so often captured by our boys, the 
"sparrow hawk" {Falto Sparverius Linn). This handsome 
bird may be kept in confinement without sustaining any incon- 
venience, apparently, if well fed. The Prairie Falcon is said to be 
most like the Lanier Falcon of the old world, as represented in 
the picture; 

THE VULTURE. 

The King Vulture has pained its regal title from a sup- 
position which is prevalent among the native- of the country 
which it inhabits that it wields royal sway over the aura, or 
Zepilote Vultures, ami that the latter birds will not venture t) 
touch a dead circus until the King Vulture has taken his 
share. 

There is some truth for this supposition, for the King Vul- 
ture will not permit any other bird to begin its nieal until his 
own hunger is satisfied. The same habit may be seen in many 
other creatures, the more powerful lording it over the weaker 
and leaving them only the remains of the feast instead of per- 
mitting them to partake of it on equal terms. But if the King 
Vulture should not happen to he present when the dead animal 
has reached a state of decomposition which renders it palatable 
to vulturine tastes, the subject vultures would pay but. little 
regard to the privileges of their absent monarch, and would 
leave him but a slight prospect ofgettinga meal on the remains 
of the fiast. 





J 



VBNIL-E INSTRTJOTOB. 






••thine, American Vultures differ from those of 
. they are more sluggish in habits. The true 
birds of prey. The King Vulture inhabits the 
'unli America. The Zopitot Vulture which 
abounds in Mexico appears to 
be the turkey buzzard found 
in this Territory. Tins bird 
in confinement is very in dil- 
uent in avoiding dangci an 
necdote by Cowes i- ' rth 
irrating: 

"A bird that I had shot 
trough the lungs, as I judged 
y the crimson froth and blood 
that flowed from his beak — 
appeared dead soon after I 
picked it up, and I carried it 
home, some distance, holding 
it by the egs uaugi ug, perfectly limp. I threw it carelessly 
down on the ground and turned to do something else; but, in 
a few moments, on looking at it again I- was surprised to find 
the bird I had thought dead had changed its position, and I 
caught its brown eye glancing furtively around, on going up to 
it its eyes closed, tile body relaxed, aud it lay as if dead again. 
I compressed thi chn.-t for several minutes, till I was satisfied 
life was extinct, and then went to supper. But the cunning 
bird was still 'playing 'pofsum' and I suppose, scrambled into 
the bushes as soon as my back was turned." 

The habit of feigning death is, however, not confined to this 
bird; even insects will simulate death to escape from their 
eneuiic; . 

THE BITTERN. 

In b ''>it- and foo 1 the Bittern resembles the heron, except 
A" ' il '' ' ' 3 •■'' hi instead of by day. Like that bird it uses 
u-p beak as a weapon of defense, aud chooses the 
ey ' ' >'.\ as the point at which to aim. The feet 

and legs a e also powerful weapons, and when disabled from 
flight the Bittern will fling itself on its back and (light desper- 
ately with foot and bill. 
Thi ■ are many varieties of heron found in America, we 
1 ic heron: Ardm TIarnJius Linn, and the white 
heron Stan.-bury mentions the Bittern among the birds 
I by tl peditiou to Utah 1S49-50. Cowes alludes 
to the 1 . Least Bittern as frequenting reedy swamps 

just sueh places is the rails frequent in fact just such places 
in the neighborhood of the Jordan river near the 
Greal Sail Lai where it has been seen. One thins; is very 
importanl to nature respecting these birds, as referred to 
-«t^ _ above: all the heron family are 

-*■ dangerous to approach as they in- 

U. g£* variably fly at the human eye; a 

Aj^. small white heron struck at the eye 
X : r*_ "■ "i a person in this city by which the 

j^Sgjr >;m sight was lost. A child was also struck 

m the eye by a blue heron. Fpi' 
these reasons such bird- are seldom kept in menageries. 

■ — -*?-*' <T> e-c=»- 

Justice i- th ■ fundamental and almost only virtue of social 
[ife: as it embraces all those action- which are used to society; 
and every virtue, under the name of charity, sincerity, 
humanity, probity, love of country, generosity, simplicity of 
manners, and modesty, are but varied bonis and diversified 
applications of this axiom— Do unto another only that which 
u wouldst he should do unto thee. 



ZEIOW" TO E1TJOOEED. 



Boys, the world is wide. If you wish to be somebody, "pitch 
in." The brave always have friends. Where others have 
gone, you can go. If the old tracks don't suit, make a new 
one ; somebody will walk in it. Success is never obtained in a 
country like tliis, without an effort. If you fail once, try it 
again — if you fall down, get up again — if it is dark, strike a 
light — if you are in the shade, move around, for if there is a 
shade on one side, there is sunshine on the other. It takes 
longer to skin an elephant than a mouse, but then the skin is 
worth something. Never be content with doing what another 
his done — excel him. Deserve success, and it will assuredly 
come. 

Take time, boys — don't hurry too fast. Go slowly, especially 
till you know the road, or become acquainted with your team. 
Mind your own business ; don't stop to club whiffets — don't 
stop to retail gossip — but go on minding your own business. 

You are learning a trade. That is a good thing to have ; it 
is better than gold — brings % larger premium. But to bring a 
premium, the trade must be perfect — no silver plated affair. 
Determine in your mind to be a good workman, or let the job 
out. Learning a trade is different from eating mush and milk 
— mechanical education does not slip down without chewing. 
Never slight your work ; never. Every job you do is a sign. 
Door signs are against success. Deople always speak well of a 
boy who minds his own business, and who seems disposed to 
be somebody in time. This is a queer world ; many people are 
watching us, and help often comes when, and from whom, we 
least expect. Confidence is the safe in which linn often deposit 
rich treasures; and as you prove worthy so will your reward of 
success be. There is a rich reward in su seess, which noue but 
those who strive can ever enjoy. 



-**c-*-.-<i^-- - 



3BO"5TS, ECATVJE J^ZCST _A.lJVL\ 



I^XPERiENCEjjrovesthatth ,, Ibresl idows the work- 

J man, just a- urel, th bend of a twis foretell the incli- 
nation of the tree. The upright, obi I ti industrious lad will 
gra luatc a steady, skillful, and capable man, as unmistakably 
as the pen idli g, areless boy will ripen into the lazy, 

dissolute fellow. The fact is, a boy is measurably the maker 
of bis own destiny; and if he fail to acquire a master-knowledge 
of the trale to which he is put, it will mainly be because he 
did not at the outset determine to lea master-workman. Good 
morals and steady industry are indispensable. Among the 
business habits that are' highly valued in the apprentice are 
punctuality, order, neatness aud dispatch. The boy who is 
promptly at his work in the morning soon wins the esteem of 
his employer. The lad who keeps the shop aud store in a neat 
and orderly manner ere long becomes a valuable assistant, and 
the youth who, in addition to these qualifications, is active in 
the dispatch of business, is certain to make himself useful to 
those with whom he may engage. The boy should also recol- 
lect that ere long he may be called upon to fill the place of 
employer if he is true to the trusts imposed upon him, while 
an apprentice and employe. To attain the highest success, 
as a tradesman and -worthy citizen, he should not only form 
tl erect habits of business, but he should carefully culti- 
vate and maintain a pure, untarnished morality; upon which 
rests all permanent happiness and . uccess. To do this he 
should avoid bad associates, and thoroughly resolve, in the 
commencement, to be economical, prudent, temperate, truth- 
ful, aud scrupulously houest. / 




JTJ"VE3STIIjE] iustbuctob. 



297 




torte^ Jtboni ffltal|» 



BY J. L. BARFOOT. 



OUR COAL — ITS ORIGTN. 

In explaining the nature of peat and observing the changes 
that carbonaceous substances undergo we Qnd a key to the 
formation of coal. In Ireland one tenth, of the island consists 
of peat-bogs, or "mosses," as they are called. One of these 
"mosses" is fifty miles long and two or three miles wide, and 
in some places sixty and eighty feet deep. In this country as 
well as in Europe peat exists in immense quantities. In New 
England there are extensive beds; in Massachusetts one bed 
has been estimated to Contain a hundred and twenty millions 
of cords of peat! In some peat-beds trees are found completely 
changed into In-own coal or lignite, resembling the brown coal 
of the contiui-i' of Europe. In exploring the galleries of 
ancient mines i he wood used for supports has been found 
changed into lignite; the timbers of the Royal George, a ves- 
sel sunk at Spithead in 1782, when taken up in 1839 were 
some of them completely blackened like jet, some of them 
having (lie appearance of brown coal. These are all common 
sense evidences of the changes wood undergoes when buried 
up beneath water, or shut out from atmospheric influences, 
that is when the oxygen of the air cannot affect it by decom- 
position. But there are abundant evidences in the coal-beds 
of the sources from whence coal is derived; leaves and trees 
arc lound thai the lapse of time and decomposition have left 
unchanged in structure. So perfect are many specimens that 
the genera of the plants can be recognized. As a general 
thing however, the evidences of vegetable origin are obliterated; 
tie compact material appears to have been subjected to a kind 
of fermentation, brought into a pasty mass and solidified. 
Vi tation, when damp and compact, as in dense masses of 
hay. or leaves, sometimes becomes heated to such an extent 
as lo not on'y become blackened and charred but actually to 
take fire. This cannot occur when the air is excluded, as in 
tin- process of coal making, when the entire mass is shut up as 
in a retort. 

We know coal 1 nds when ex] o-ed to the outer air will burn, 
ju-t the same as peat will; this has been seen in the Weber 
mines; this may have happ< lied by I he heating of large accumu- 
lations of small coal thro Tu away a- useless. ( )ur coal contains, 
as all other coal docs, considciable sulphur in combination 
with iron (pyrite) which is very apt to catch fire. Prolessor 
Clayton, a mining engineer of this city and an enthusiastic 
geological explorer of i ur mountain ranges in his report of the 
Cast'c Valley and Sanpete mines writes as Colli »-.-: 

"Two lower bed- have been burned out oyer area? of several 
thousand acres, and several places were found where they are 
still burning. The 1 unit districts could be plainly traced 
by the color of the sandstone, which is brick-red in thes i loca- 
tions. These overlaying coal strata mil t have been very thick 
in places, judging from the effects of tin; fire on the sandstone. 
There are places where lie latter is not only turned but actu- 
ally glazed and vitrified by the heat. Masses of glazed frag 
ments, adhering together in large boulders may be seen in the 
side ravines of the main canyons." 

( To he Continued. ) 




Asevery thread of gold is valuable, so is every minute of time. 



UTTEGRIT? OIF 1 
OlEI^ZE^A-OTIEiR,. 



"\7oitng men should be deeply impressed with the vast iuipor- 
X tance of cherishing those principles, and of cultivating 
those habits which will secure them the confidence and esteem 
of the wise and the good. 

A young man may be unfortunate, he may be poor and 
penniless, but if he possess unbending integrity, and unwavering 
purpose to do what is honest and just, he will have friends and 
patrons, whatever may be the embarrassments and exigencies 
into which he is thrown. The young may thus possess a capital 
of which none of the misfortunes and calamities of life can 
deprive them. 

We have known men who have suddenly been reduced from 
affluence to penury by some overwhelming misfortune, which 
they could neither foresee nor prevent. Yesterday tiny w< re 
prosperous; to-day, every earthly prospect is blighted, 
and everything in tle-n- fu(u,,> [ • • ,!' ''::■ 1- ,1 irk and 
dismal. Their business is gone, their prosperity gone, and 
they feel that all is gone; but they have a rich treasure that 
nothing can take away. They have integrity of character, and 
this gives them influence, raises np friends, furnishes them with 
pecuniary aid, with whii !i to commence life once more, under 
auspicious circumstances. 

We cannot too strongly impress upon our young men the 
importance of absl linim from I ks their 
moral sensibilities, wounds th i nee, and has a ten- 
dency to weaken that nice ii if] rid ... indi - 

pen-able to a good character. "Integrity of character!" 
Whoever possessed it, that dii! not derive ant.old advantage 
from it? It is letter than riches, it i.- of more value than 
"diamonds and all precious stone ;" md yet every man may 
possess it. The poorest may have it, and no power ou earth 
can wrest it from them. Young men, yon who are starting 
out in life, let this be your goal, prize integrity of character 
above all earthly gifts; it, will not only serve you well in this 
life, but the benefits will extend into the life to come. 



— O-? <3>- . o-. 



Napoleon and the Stone-Cuttkr,— Nap^eon. when in 
the bight of his power, being ome at Amiens, whilst travers- 
ing the square, in the midst of the acclamations of the inh ihi- 
tants who had assembled around him, east bis eyes upon the 
multitude, and perceived, in one of the corners of the square, 
a 'on ■-cutter who bad not been indu id to quit his work bj the 
curiosity which animated the crow I by wh imhe was surrounded. 
The indifference of this man cxcitcil t! i irio itj of'Napoleon. 
He wished to know something about liim ; an I passing through 
the crowd, urged on his horse until he arrived close to him. 
"What are you doing there?" said Napoleon. The workman 
raised bis eyes and recognized the Emperor. "I an: cutting 
stone." "You have served under me," quickly observed the 
Emperor, who rocoguized an old soldier. "It is true, sire." 
"You were present at the campaign >l Egypt — ynu were briga- 
dier in such a corps?" "Yes, sire." "Why have you quitted 
the service? ' "Because I had completed my time and 
obtained my discharge.'' "I am sorry for it; you were a brave 
man — I shall be happy to do for you anything in my power; 
say, what do you require from me?'' "That your Majesty will 
leave me to cut my stone in quiet ; my work suffices me ; I am 
in want of nothing. " This fact brings to mind the interview 
of Diogenes with Alexander; but the modest pride of the 
Greek philosopher was not equal to the reply of the stone- 
cutter. 





298 



arTJ"VEZSTIXjE I1TSTBXJCTOR. 




THE .A-ZR/T OIF 1 IFZE^IItTTIItTGr. 



BT ROLLO. 



( Continued. ) 




THE PRINTING PRESS. 

WHILE poets and orators have expatiated on the glory and 
power of the press, rulers have exhausted their cunning 
iu attempts to regulate the art of which it is the symbol. 
Hedged in by arbitrary restrictions, it is no wonder printing 
was long carried on with clumsy implements. The earliest 
press resembled a screw-press, with a contrivance for running 
the form of types under the point of pressure. After the im- 
pression was given, the screw was relaxed, and the form with- 
drawn and tho sheet removed (American Printer^ page 210). 

This very rude press continued in use until 1 1>20, when William 
Jansen Blacu, a joiner and mathematical instrument maker of 
Amsterdam, contrived a press in which the bed or carriage 
was brought under the point of pressure by moving a "handle 
attached to a screw, hanging in a beam with a spring, the 
spring causing the screw to fly back as soon as the impression 
was given. This movement was afterwards effected by means 
of a double strap or belt, two ends of which were attached to 
an axle, and the others to opposite ends of the bed." Tho 
platen was so small that two pulls were necessary to print one 
side of the sheet; therefore it required four pulls to produce a 
complete impression. 

Some improvements were made in the old press by Adam 
Ramage, who came from Scotland to Philadelphia about the 
year 1790, and who was for a long time the chief press-builder of 
the United States. One of his improvements was the substi- 
tution of an iron bed for the stone one before in use. 

Earl Stanhope, about the year 1800. contrived a hand-press 
which obtained much notoriety. It was constructed of iron, 
and of a sufficient size to print the whole surface of the sheet, 
and such a combined action of levers was applied to the screw 
as to make the work a great deal less laborious to the press- 
man. The Stanhope press was soon superseded by the Colum- 
bian, also a hand-machine, invented by Mr. George Clymer, 
of Philadelphia, who, as early as 1797, endeavored to improve 
the common wooden press. His next efforts were directed to 
the production of an iron press, and finally success crowned his 
labors.. "In beauty, durability, and power, as well as facility of 
pull, the Columbian pressstands, perhaps, unsurpassed." Mr. 
Clymer removed to England in 1X17, and introduced his press 
there, where it was held in high estimation. In the United States, 
however, presses of much simpler construction have displaced 
the impo-ing Columbian press. — the first of which was invent- 
ed by Peter Smith, of New Y"ork, and the latesi is Samuel 
Rust's Washington pies-, which, it is said, has secured general 
approbation and adoption, as being more simple and cheaper, 
if not more effective than the Columbian. I Jut the hand- 
presses are now more resti i :ted to the country papers of small 
circulation, and to book-offices devotel to extra fine printing, 
They are also used in job-offices, tin prin ,ing posters, play-bills, 
etc. 

Frederick Konig, a Saxon by birth, early in the piesent 
century turned hi.- attention to steam cylinder printing, and 
was so sue, ■,--tii] that on November '-S. ]s|4, the London 
Times announced tic- lint that the nuin ier issued on that day 
"had been printed by machinery propelled by steam'" The 
first suggestion of a cylinder pre<s, however, is one to William 
Nicholsoa, an Englishman, who iu 1790, took out a patent for 
such a machine, bat tho pitent was never acted upon. Isaiah 



Thomas says that Dr. Kinsley, a resident of Connecticut, after- 
wards produced a press varying some-what from Nicholson's. 
In 1818, Applegath and Cowper made important improvements 
in Konig's press. Mr. Mackellar says the invention of steam 
cylinder printing presses rendered books and periodicals so 
cheap that the progress of knowledge was amazingly acceler- 
ated; and soon the achievements of the cylinder press proved 
unequal to the work of printing the enormous editions of 
some of the leading newspapers of the world; and an invention 
to meet the exigency was successfully made by Col. Richard 
M. Hoe, of New York, in the Lightning Type Revolving 
Machine — the greatest innovation on the routine of the print- 
ing craft since the days of Gutenberg. This press has entirely 
superseded all others for fast printing, being at present in use 
in England, Scotland, Ireland and Australia, as well as all the 
principal offices of the United States. This mammoth machine 
sheds eight printed leaves- at a stroke. 

Bullock's Patent Rotary Perfecting Press was invented by 
William Bullock, and prints a continuous sheet of dampened 
paper, unrolled from a cylinder, which, before it leaves the 
machine, receives impression on both sides. Before the impres- 
sion is made (from stereotype plates bent around horizontal 
cylinders,) the sheets are ingeniously cut off the proper dimen- 
sions, and when printed are deposited in a single pile. In the 
Philadelphia Enquirer office there are two single presses, each 
running 9.000 perfect copies per hour, and one double press 
running 15,000 copies per hour. 

The invention of machines for the printing of small work ele- 
gantly as well as swiftly is of great advantage to the printer, 
and has greatly increased the jobbing department of typo- 
graphy. Here, as in other matters, American ingeuity has 
taken the lead of all nations, and the presses of Hoe, Wells, 
Adams, Ruggles, Gordon, and numerous other inventors defy 
competition. The Ruggles presses at one time commanded 
the trade; but now the beautiful, and simple machines of Geo. 
P. Gordon have displaced the Ruggles in public estimation. 
Gordon's Firefly press is an unique production, and requires a 
so-called endless cardboard, which it prints and cuts the 
required shape as it goes, at the rate of 10,000 per hour. 
(To be Continued.) 



Hanger op Idleness. — It is no over statement to say that, 
other things being equal, the man who has the greatest amount 
of intellectual resources, is in the least danger from interior 
temptations; if for no other reason, because he has fewer idle 
moments. The ruin of most men datesfrom some vacant hour. 
Occupation is the armor of the soul, and the train of idleness 
is borne up by all the vices. I remember a satirical poem, in 
which the devil is represented as fishing for men, and adapting 
his baits to the taste and temperament of his prey ; but the 
idler, he said, pleased him most, because he bit at the naked 
hook. 



GtRLS. — There are two kinds of girls. One is the kind that 
appears best abroad — the girls that are good for parties, rides, 
visits, balls, and whose chief delight is in such things. The 
other is that kind that appears best at home — the girls that 
are useful and cheerful in the dining-room, the sick-room, the 
kitchen, and all the precincts of home. They differ widely in 
character. Oue is a moth, consuming everything about her ; 
the other is a sunbeam, inspiring life and gladness all along her 
pathway. Now, it does not necessarily follow that there should 
be two classes of girls. A slight education will modify both a 
little, and unite their good qualities in one. 





crTJ^rEiisriLE! iustructor. 



299 




POLTTBHESS ZR,IEW.A.:R,:D:e:D. 



BY HUGH KNOUGH. 




( Continued. ) 

After the Educational Exhibition had closed, and the 
business connected with it had been all settled,"I returned 
with renewed zeal and energy to my studies and training, 
making up for lost time so as to pass the annual government 
examination with credit to myself and satisfaction to the 
inspectors. After a time rumors were afloat that a great war 
between several of the leading powers of Europe was about to 
break out, and that England would take an active part in the 
contest. Although war in aDy shape or form is a very dread- 
ful and sorrowful thing to contemplate, yet for all this the 
people of Great Britain had been at peace for so many years 
that they became elated over the prospect of a war, and when 
it was actually declared, the soldiers and sailors who were 
seleoted to go and fight were feted and lionized by the people, 
and the sons of Mars and Neptune felt so big and grand at 
these attentions that they were anxious for the fray, thinking, 
as our New England brothers would say, "they could lick all 
creation." Poor fellows, they were not used to the hardships 
and privations of a Crimean winter, and those who were not 
killed in the fight, died by thousands through want and 
exposure. In fact the flower of the British army was buried 
that bitter winter in the valleys of Crimea. 

Here I will explain briefly the cause of this war. Nicholas, 
the self-willed and autocratic emperor of the vast and mighty 
Russian nation, conceived the idea that if he could obtain a 
part of the Turkish empire in Europe that it would be a very 
nice little snack to add on to his already enormous possessions, 
and would make a very convenient winter resort for his royal 
self and court. He therefore picked a quarrel with Turkey and 
quickly marched his army on to its frontier. But he had 
"reckoned his chicks before they were hatched." England, 
France and Sardinia had something to say in this little matter. 
Besides being bound by a treaty to protect Turkey, they had 
good reasons for wishing to have Bussia stop where he was, 
and so they sent their fleets and armies to assist Turkey to stop 
the prowling of the "Great Bear." 

In looking at a map of Europe you will observe that Bussia 
occupies the whole of the north and east of Europe and that 
its most southern point is a peninsula named Crimea jutting 
out into the Black Sea. You will also perceive that the 
Danube, the largest river in Europe, empties into the said 
sea on its eastern side. This river being the boundary line 
between Russia and Turkey, it was in its neighborhood that the 
seat of war was situated. The Bussians as well as the Allies, 
as the combined opposing armies were termed, fought with a 
determination and will, and thousands on thousands were killed 
on both sides, until after about two years' fighting Bussia found 
he had the worst of it and was glad to cry for quarter. 

My readers may form some idea of the immense number of 
soldiers and sailors who were incapacitated for labor through 
wounds and sickness and wonder what became of the poor 
fellows when the war terminated , and also how the poor widows 
and orphans of those killed in battle managed to subsist ! 

Now, the British "people have always been famous for their 
benevolence and promptness in coming to the aid of the dis- 
tressed, and at this particular emergency the greatest men of 
the nation started a fund for this purpose, by giving liberally 
themselves and asking their countrymen to donate according to 
their means. This grand chanty was styled "The Royal Com- 
mission Patriotic Fund," and soon millions of dollars rolle 1 



into the treasurer's hands. A committee was formed for the 
purpose of judiciously disbursing the vast amount pouring in, 
and soon the disabled soldiers and sailors and the widows and 
orphans were provided for. Homes and schools were built and 
all relieved and cared for, and the nation felt satisfied and 
proud at having done its duty to her dead and wounded war- 
riors. 

The members of this commission consisted of some of 
the greatest men of the nation, among whom were Disraeli, 
Palmerston, Gladstone, Russell, with Prince Albert as their 
chairman. Their secretary was Captain (now Admiral) Fish- 
burne, and he, often visiting his friend, Hon. Wm. Mitchell, 
while the Educational Exhibition was in existence, had noticed 
me, and at this time requiringa private clerk, he asked, through 
his friend, for me to fill that position. His request was gladly 
granted. I was employed in his private office in making lists 
of donations, etc., and in attending on him when the commis- 
sioners met in committee. This they did once a week in a 
chamber in the House of Lords. My duty was to be there 
beforehand, to see that everything wanted was in its place, 
and when the members arrived to wait upon them. Prince 
Albert generally arrived some time before any of the others, 
and sometimes when not otherwise engaged, he would stand 
with his back to the fire and talk to me very kindly, asking 
about my trainiug, and so forth. My impressions of this great 
man at the present time are that I see in my mind's eye before 
me, a tall, moderately stout gentleman, with a bald head, full 
features, with a kind but serious expression of countenance; 
that he spoke pure English, dressing as any private gen 
tleman, and always touching his hat and wishing "good 
morning" when I saluted him. 

There are two other gentlemen whom I liked very much and 
who t'X>k notice of me ; their names were Lord Palmerston and 
Mr Gladstone. One of the the committee, however, I did not 
like at all; th it was Lord John Rus«ell, a very cross, excitable 
little man, and I was always anxious to keep clear of him. 

Some of the readers of the INSTRUCTOR may think that a 
poor boy (for I was but a boy then) brought into the presence 
of great men, as I was, would naturally be filled with vanity at 
the honor and preference shown him; but I can assure you 
that it had not the slightest effect in that direction upon me. 
Certainly I felt proud of the honor of being selected to fill such 
a position, but the only change it made in me was a determina- 
tion to copy the uood manners and deportment of these gentle- 
men, and strive the harder to learn all I could; for who knows, 
thought I, what I may one day become ; for I had read of 
boys in as lowly a position of life as I was, working their way 
up to the top of the tree, aye, becoming the head of a nation, 
through industry, truth and politeness. 



How To Choose Companions. — "By your leave, sir," said 
the water-rat to the kingfisher, "this is my house." And he 
sat in the doorway to prevent his entrance. 

"Nay, but I want to come in," said the kingfisher. "I have 
paid you visits before, and why not now? Think how hand- 
some I am, and how much my family is sought after." 

"You have been in before, sir; but, to tell you the truth, 
that's the very reason T prefer keeping you out now, notwith- 
standing your high family and fine clothes. You have an 
awkward habit of eating fish and leaving your bones atmydoor. 
Now, I don't want anything laid to me that I don't deserve, 
and as I don't catch and eat fish, I won't have the credit of it; 
f consider no company worth having that takes awny my char- 
acter, however high in rank or fine in appearance. 





300 



J U ^7" El 2sT I L IB I1TSTRUCTOR. 




^pngif|a! Ittoqtrg 



S O 3ST Gr 



]ir CHAS. W. STAYSKl 



Tune:— ' Gathering up the Shells from tie Seashore." 



We'll sing of the Saints in tlie old world, 
Who linger where sin bears the sway; 
And we'll tell of the blessings in Zion, 
Prepared for all Israel to-day. 
Let us sing of the true g ■ pel standard, 
The flag which by Joseph was Unfurl'd 
"With the sound of joy and glad tiding.-'; 
Gathering up the Saints from the world. 

Our faith ever will keep increasing, 

And our works Liny shall shine as the day; 

For we'll gather the Saints that are weeping, 

Still scattered in Ian Is fur away, 

Am! the faithful will come with rejoicing 

For the fl ig of redemption is unfurled; 

And we'll sing songs of joy everlasting, 

Gathering up the Saints from the world. 

The Saints here have promised to gather 
The p. .or iind oppressed i nong 
AY!, . have Ilea 'ken id to Gi I' ■ chosi n servants 
And tin-- gospel of Jesus, their friend. 
So we'll fear not the followers of evil, 
V iv soon iii to darkness they'll be hurl'd; 
But we'll glory in God and be faithful, 
Gath I'n Saints from the world. 

SUNDAY LESSONS 
V OR LI T T L E L E A 11 NEKS. 




UIS'I i.v 01 lOSBl'il SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LKSSONXXIII. 

Q. — How long i- ii since any one had authority to baptize before 
I h Smith wn sordained? 

A. — Between fourteen and sixteen hundred years. 

Q.— How many years was it after the Lord first appeared to 
Joseph Smith before he began preaching? 

A. — About nine years. 

Q. — Whj did he nol begin ti prench and baptize then? 

A. — !! icause he had not got the priesthood. 

Q. — What do you mean by priesthood? 

A.— Priest] d means aul hority. 

Q. — Where did Joseph Smith eot his priesthood or authority 
from? 

A. — Knmi Heaven. 

Q. — Who brought it t'> him and conferred it upon him? 

A. — A heavenly messenger by the name of John the Baptist. 

Q.— Why did John bring it? 

A.— Because he held the keys of that priesthood in the days of 
Jesus. 

Q. — After Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery were baptised, 
what happened? 

A. — Thev were persecuted by professors of religion. 

Q —Did they begin to preach publicly? 

A.— No, but they talked and reasoned with their friends and 
acquaintances privalely. 

y_ — Did anybody believe their testimony? 

A. — Yes, Samuel B. Smith, the brother of Joseph. 

Q._How did he find out that what they told him was true' 

A.— By secret and fervent prayer to God. 

Q.— Did the Lord answer his prayer? 

A.-Yes. 



THE 

OP 



IB XT IE?, 3nT z nsr G- 
3yCOSGO^AZ. 



TnE burning of Moscow in 1812 is one of the most noted 
conflagrations on record, not only for its magnitude, but 
for its historical importance. The French entered the city 
Sept. 14th, Napoleon proposing to make it his winter garters. 
On that very flay several fires broke nut, but little attention 
was paid to them by the invadine army until the next two 
days, when they had acquired great headwny. On the 17th a 
high wind arose, and the flames spread rapidly in every direc- 
tion; by the ISih the whole city appeared a sea of flame, and 
by the even ng of the 2<>tli nine-tenths of it was reduded to 
ashes. 'J he total number of buildings destroyed is between 
IH.OdO and 15,000. The Russians at the time, in order to 
cast odium on the French, attributed this conflagration to the 
order of Napoleon. It is now. however, generally acknowl- 
edj I that the fires were the work of the Russians themselves, 
and that they were kindled by the order of the governor. 
Rostopchin, acting beyond all doubt unuer the sanction of the 
emperor, Alexander, without which it is hardly conceivable 
that the governor won!'! have ventured such a step. The 
object was to deprive the French army of shelter from the 
winter. Ample precautions had been taken to ensure the 
desl i action of 'he city. Inflammable materials were placed in 
deserted mansions in every quarter, and the torch was applied 
simultaneously all over the city. In burning the Freuch out 
of their supposed winter quarters, no provision had been made 
for the safety of the inhabitants, who were driven to seek 
shelter in the surrounding woods; and it, is affirmed that more 
than 20.000 sick and wounded perished in the flames. The 
direct loss to the French is put down at 40,000; and beyond 
this it involved the retreat in the dead of winter, and the 
almost complete annihilation of the great French army. This 
act, which the Russians at the time repudiated, is now con- 
sidered by them as their highest glory, the greatest example 
in history of national self-sacrifice for the destruction of an 
invader. 



^s3»»- - "~<g> ■ ■ »0». 



Forgiveness. — Nothing is more moving to man than the 
spectacle of reconciliation: our weaknesses are thus indemnified, 
and are not too costly, being the price we pay for the hour of 
forgiveness; aul the archangel, who has never felt anger, has 
reason to envy the man who subdues it, When thou forgivest, 
the man who has pierced thy heart stands to thee in the rela- 
tion of the sea-worm, that perforates the shell of the mussel, 
which straightway closes the wound with a pearl. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORflE O. CAtiUOti, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

J&-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 

"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




