
jalhms U t\t f 0r^! 




VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MAY 25, 1872 



11. 



T-EIE XDISiyHISSA-IL. OIF O^K^IDIIsr^L ^WOLSEIT. 



ANY of our readers in the least familiar -with illustrations of 
English history, do not need telling that the portly figure in 
the engraving is meant for the wife-killing king, Henry the 
Eighth; the suppli- 
ant figure, to whom 
Henry is handing a 
document, was his 
counselor, compan- 
ion and friend — the 
famous Car d i n a 1 
Wolsey. Their 
names are indissol- 
ubly connected, 
historically, and 
their deeds were of 
such a character as 
to secure to them a 
reputation that time 
will never obliter- 
ate. Wolsey was 
the creature of 
Henry, and the cre- 
ation of his power. 
One seemed to be 
the other's comple- 
ment, and each a 
necessity to the 
other. As to which 
was the master 
spirit of the two, 
there can be no 
question. The su- 
periority of Wol- 
sey' s character was 
such that it towers 
infinitely above that 
of his royal master. 
By the accident of 
birth, Henry pos- 
sessed immense 
wealth and despotic 
power ; Wolsey, 
born in very 
humble life, was 
the poss e s s r of 
such wonderful genius, 
for during many years, 




that he became 
so absolute and 



more than king, 
uncontrollable was 



'^^^ 



mm 



his influence and power, that the occupant of the English 
throne, was little more than a plaything in his hands, 
which is the more remarkable when it is remembered that 

Henry the Eighth 
was one of the 
most despotic and 
bloodthirsty indi- 
viduals that ever 
cursed a people or 
disgraced a throne. 
Wolsey not only 
had unbounded in- 
fluence with this 
man, but popes, and 
the rulers of the 
principal European 
kingdoms, at vari- 
ous times, sought his 
friendship, in order 
to promote their in- 
terests and to secure 
the triumph of their 
moves on the jioliti- 
cal chessboard. His 
fine taste, coupled 
with his great 
riches, enabled hiui, 
on noted s(ate occa- 
sions, to eclipse 
royalty itself in the 
elegance and grand- 
eur of his displays. 
In a former num- 
ber of the Juven- 
ile Instructor 
you may remember 
reading about 
Thomas ABccket, 
a famous priest who 
lived in the time of 
Henry the Second. 
His was a wonder- 
ful career, and the 
influence he exer- 
cised in coatrolllng 
I the public affairs of England was, for a long time, second to 
I none, not even t«-( the king ; and though, in .some respects, their 



iwrnffN 




or TJ "V El 3^ I L E Il^STI^/TJOTOI?/. 



=^ 



riQd 



is a similarity in the characters of tlie two men, Wolsey's genius 
was far su2)erior to that of ABecket. The latter was the pos- 
sessor of a sturdy independence of character which made him 
resist kingly authority when it sought to abridge his rights ; but 
that trait of his character cost him his life. Not so with 
Wolsey. His ambition was as towering as ABeckot's, but 
insteadof resisting the willof the king, he^by flattery and cajoler.v, 
won liiin over to his own views, and so accomplished his own 
designs and purposes; and in this manner he succeeded in 
exercising more absolute power than any mere subject cither 
before or since. Had the mere accident of birth reversed the 
positions of Henry and his favorite minister, the former would 
have been forgotten as soon as buried; but the latter would 
undoubtedly have occupied a far more elevated niche in the 
temple of Fame than he does now. One can not read a sketch 
of Thomas Wolsey's career, without being filled with wonder at 
and admiration of the man's resplendent genius. Not that all 
the acts of his life, either private or public, as far as recorded, 
were such as to command respect, or were worthy of imitation, not 
by any means. This is rarely the case any more with so-called 
great men than with those who spend lives of obscurity ; and 
especially with those whose days are passed in royal Courts. 
Peruse a history of rcyal personages, and of those who attain 
greatness and honor at their hands, and the impartial reader is 
disgusted at the meanness and trickery very often exhibited 
in mounting the ladder which leads to greatness. The casual 
reader is struck with the fame and splendour attached to some 
cf the prominent names of history ; but he who investigates, 
while he may admire the consummate ability and address dis- 
played, will find that in many cases, much of the glory is but 
meretricious — it is mere gilt, and shines the brightest at the 
greatest distance. This is strikingly true of Cardinal Wolsey. 
While he was indisputably a great man, he was greater in evil 
than in good. He was a perfect master of state craft, and was 
inspired by an ambition that knew no bounds, and his revenge 
removed everything that attempted to stay its gratification. To 
the only superior he ackn jwleJged — the king — he was as pliant 
a tool as ever breathed, and while all the acts and efforts of his 
life were seemingly dictated by a desire to please the king, they 
all sprang from an intense love of Thomas Wolsey. 

This man was born in the town of Ipswich, Cambridgeshire, 
England, and was the son of a butcher. Being tlie possessor 
of considerable wealth Wolsey, senior, gave his son a university 
education. While at 0:iford the boy was noted for his attain- 
ments, and became teacher of a grammar school attached to one 
of the colleges. Among his pupils were the sons of the ]\Iar- 
rjnis of Dorset, who became strongly attached to him, and their 
representations induced Lord Dorset to present Wolsey with 
the parsonage of Lymington, in Somersetshire. This was a 
rare .stroke of good fortune for him, but a man with his ambition 
<'>uld nf)t bo content to spend his days as a village clergyman. 
^^ liil:' acting as rector at Lymington Wol.sey's conduct was 
sometimes marked by gross improprietj', and on one occasion he 
so far disgraced himself by dissipation that, by order of the 
n)a,dsfrate, he was placed in the stocks. 

A cry few who read this have ever seen or heard of what in 
Kn^land, are called the stocks, or understand the disgrace of 
lifing confined in them. The stocks are unknown in Utah, and 
arc rarely seen anywhere now-a-daj-s. They are a peculiar 
kind of wooden machine consisting of a seat, and before it an 
niiriglit fioard, in which are cut large round holes, into which 
the hands and feet of the vagrant arc fastened, and he is c<ini- 
pelled to sit, doubled up, almost, fir one, two, or three hours, 
accorditig to the sentence of his judge. To make the matter 
worse, the stocks were generally placed in the most public street 
nf the village or town where they were used, and the poor 
wretches confined in tlinn frci|iiently pelted with eggs, or other 
cinally harmles.s missiles, and laughed at and jeered by all 
who feel disposed to abuse them. None but the lowest of the 



low were reckoned bad enough for the stocks, and it was con- 
sidered a disgrace, even by persons of that class, to endure the 
punishment ; hence you can well imagine that for a clergyman 
of a parish, as Wolsey was, to be thus punished, was a terrible 
disgrace ; and he never forgave the man who made him endure 
it, and years after, when he became great and powerful, he 
confined his judge for several years in prison. 

Having been so disgraced among those to whose spiritual 
welfare he attended, Wolsey could not endure to stay among 
them, and he resigned his position ; but succeeded shortly after 
in gaining an introduction to one of the ministers of Henry the 
Seventh, and by his winning manners and graceful address 
he soon worked his way upwards until he became the king's 
private secretary. In this position he gained favor, and was 
employed by the king on several occasions in which skill and 
discretion were required. For the very satisfactory manner in 
which he performed his duties he was shortly appointed Dean 
of Lincoln, and to be the kings almoner, or alms-giver, and both 
positions gave influence and power to him who occupied them. 
Wolsey remained near Henry the Seventh until his death, and 
when Henry the Eighth came to the throne, fortunes' s favors 
were showered thickly upon him, for he became a far greater 
favorite with the new king than he had been with the old one. 
Wolsey, 'at this time was forty years old, and Henry only nineteen; 
but notwithstanding the difl^erence in years, Wolsey sought in 
every imaginable way to minister to the vanity of the youthful 
king, and with all the spirit and zest of one of Henry's years, 
sought in every way to add to his pleasures. His eflForts were 
acceptable to his royal patron, and in a few months the two 
were bosom friends, Wolsey's influence continually growing, 
and the king taking every opportunity to heap honors and 
wealth upon him. The favorite soon became the most trusted 
and powerful minister of state, was created bishop of Lincoln, 
and bishop of Tournay, and had various other wealth-and-power 
creating gifts bestowed upon him. 

In the year 1514, the English Ambassador at the Court of 
Rome, the Archbishop of York, died, and by the request of the 
king, the pope appointed Wolsey archbishop, and before the 
year was out the pope created him cardinal. This office was 
the highest but one in the Romish church, second only to 
that of pope. You thus see what wonderful fortune attended 
Wolsey. in a few years he had risen from obscurity to be, in 
everything but name, the most powerful man in all England, 
and the most prominent one in Europe ; and whatever may be 
thought of the way in which he attained greatness, all must 
admit that he was a man of wonderful genius. 

In his ascent to power Wolsey's arrogance and pride created 
many enemies among the aristocracy, who regarded with 
jealousy and hate the confidence and trust the king reiiosed in 
the low-born butcher's son. The following incident illustrates 
the ill feeling of the nobles towards Wolsey : On one occa- 
sion, while the Duke of Buckingham was holding a basin of 
water for the king to wash, Wolsey very unceremoniously 
dipped his hand into the water. The action was no doubt 
meant for an insult, and was so interpreted by the duke, who, 
to show his contempt for the butcher's son, spilled some of the 
water into Wolsey's shoes. This action gave rise to a bitter 
feud between the two men which never ceased, and, through the 
machinations of Wolsey, Buckingham was finally beheaded. 

On all occasions Wolsey attired himself in the richest silks 
and satins, scarlet or crimson in color; on his neck and shoulders 
he wore a rich sublc tippet, and his shoos were a blaze of silver, 
l)carls and diamonds. His train consisted of eight hundred 
knights and gentlemen ; his servants wcrj also very numerous, 
and they as well as his train were arrayed in rich and costly 
clothing. His cook wore a coat of satin or velvet, with a gold 
chain round his neck. Whenever the cardinal appeared in 
public, a person of distinction bore his cardinal's hat before hioi 
on a cushion ; he was also preceded by two priests, one bearing 



■^ 



^tii 




■^^ 



J-TJ-^TElSriLE insrSTIS/TJOTOI?.. 



83 



a massive silver cross, the other a silver pillar surmounted by a 
cross. On state occasions the eight hundred gentlemen of his 
train as well as the steeds they rode upon, ■were adorned in silk 
and gold, 'ilie cardinal himself, according to the fashion among 
priests, rode on a mule; his saddle and saddle cloth were 
crimson velvet, his stirrups of silver gilt. 

This grandeur eclipsed and disgusted the nobles, and many of 
them absented themselves from court because of it, and the 
favor shown to the cardinal by the king ; but their coldness and 
dislike never aifected Wolsey at all prejudicially; for whatever 
others might think or say about him, he retained the king's 
favor, and for many years he had absolute control of all 
state affairs, whether domestic or foreign. He enjoyed a good 
share of popularity with the masses of the people, because of 
the summary punishment he occasionally dealt out to govern- 
ment officers who, while pretending to exercise their functions, 
went beyond them and oppressed the people. This popularity 
never decreased until he sought to carry out the measures of 
the king, in attemjiting to extort money from the people in an 
illegal manner ; but his wonerful influence with the king never 
diminished until the appearance at court, of Anne Boleyn. 
Who this lady was, and how, by her influence, the downfall and 
ruin of the famous cardinal was effected, we must tell you in 
another number. 



se^^ee 



[For the Juvenile Inslritctor, 






%? 



ILHiTJIivdlllsr.A.TZlTCH- G-^SES. 



IT is not the hydrogen of illuminating gases that gives the 
light, it only supplies the heat necessary to cause the carbon 
to combine with oxygen ; first, the hydrogen becomes a prey to 
oxygen, forming water, which passes off as vapor ; then the 
oxygen seizes the carbon and passes off as gas (carbonic acid). 

From this it can be seen that the more favorable the pro- 
portions of hydrocarbons are for being entirely consumed and 
converted into vapor, the better the light; and, that any admix- 
ture of gases that does not fulfill these conditions is so much 
obstruction to illumination. The law that governs the pro- 
duction of artificial light is, that there must be burning matter 
to supply heat, and incandescsnt matter, that is, solid particles 
capable of being red hot, which, in consequence of the heat, 
evolve light. This is the reason of the intense luminosity of 
the oxy-hydro-caloium light — the conditions of producing light 
are fulfilled in a very high degree. Oxygen and hydrogen are 
present in the exact chemical proportions to combine pei-fectly, 
thus producing the largest possible amount of heat; and, the 
most infusible solid, being heated to the most intense white 
heat, produces the largest amount of light. 

There are many bodies already known to man that fulfill all 
these conditions; perhaps, when the nature of the elements 
and their economical use in the arts are better understood, our 
present modes of obtaining artificial light may be discarded. It 
is not more than two hundred years since it was first observed 
that illuminating gases could be obtained from the destructive 
distillation of coal ; for tlie first century after that observation 
no results beneficial to man accrued. It was only at the begin- 
ning of this century that gas was used for illumination ; another 
quarter of a century was required to reconcile the people to its 
use in cities. Great was the outcry by the uninformed, as to 
the "danger of explosion," "the escape of suffocating gases;" 
and above all, the fears of the merchants whose trading in oils 



j^i^^- 



etc. was in danger, caused delay in extending the benefits of 
illuminating gas. 

Now^ gas is a necessity, and it will continue to be so. Other 
illuminating bodies than those derived from the coals, resins, 
oils, fats, and other organic compounds will have to be discovered; 
this is only a question of time, necessity will eventually compel 
men to make researches, and success always results from such 
researches. The intelligence of the age is now loasted in trying 
to make discoveries to destroy men; the time will come when all 
intelligence will be, all true intelligence is now, used to bless ! 

Let us look at the phenomenon of flame — say that of a gas- 
jet. The gas issues from the pipe through the jet, which is 
formed in such a way, if correctly formed, as to expose the gas 
to the most thorough action of the oxygen of the air. Oxygen, 
diluted by nitrogen, like a dee]3 sea completely envelops the 
earth and all bodies upon it, everything combustible sooner or 
later is decomposed by it. It has been aptly represented as "a 
great devourer ever ready to prey upon organized bodies;" this 
arises from the fact that combustible elements always enter into 
the composition of organized beings, and the "lamp of life" 
burns up those elements as fuel. But inorganic bodies are also 
"devoured" by oxygen, this vast globe is a result of its consump- 
tion. The rocks were silicon, calcium, aluminum, magnesium, 
iron and other "combustible" elements; they are now cinders — 
we call them earth and oxides — oxygen consumed those ele- 
ments and thus formed the earth's crust. The more etherial 
element, hydrogen, true to its office, then, as now, when con- 
sumed by oxygen, consolidated, first into vapor and eventually 
into water, to beautify, and vivify, and happify the earth. 

It is this tendency to form cinders, ashes and solid products 
that, at present, prevents the use of numerous bodies known to 
chemistry as illuminadng media, unless these are removed the 
process of combustion and illumination is interfered with ; 
besides these considerations the cost of suitable materials is too 
great. 

In using carbo-hydrogens, whether in gas, oil, or candles, the 
same general principle alluded to is the cause of the phemone- 
non of light. If the flame of a candle is examined it is seen to 
be luminous only on the surface, the gas (hydrogen) acts the 
part of heat-generator, the incandesent particles of carbon float- 
ing around the wick become luminous as they come in contact 
with the oxygen. Those particles of carbon that are not con- 
sumed, pass off into the air; candles improperly made smoke, 
for this reason ; this is also true of bad oil, or of ill-constructed 
lamps. As to the explosiceness of the various hydro-carbons 
used for illumination, that may receive further attention ; as a 
general thing it is the atmosphere of a lamp that explodes, that 
is, the stratum of air between the surface of the oil and the 
burner. Those lamps that have hanging jets have nothing to 
explode, for the hydro-carbons, unless mixed icith air^ are not 
explosive. This is true of gaseous as well as liquid hydro- 
carbons, it is when leakage occurs in any way that there is dan- 
ger, hence the importance of great care in extinguishing gas- 
lights. In public buildings it is usual to turn the gas off "at 
the main," that is at the main, or principal entrance of the 
gas pipe from the street. In tliis way the supply of gas is 
effectually cut off from any dwelling, but the tap of each burner 
should be turned off square ; for, not only is the escape of gas 
thus prevented but also the entrance of atmospheric air. We 
may have gas works in this city some day, and it is well to 
understand something about the nature of the liydro-carbons as 
they are supplied by public companies ; the more perfectly all 
the conditions for obtaining light are understood and practically 
attended to, the more economical, efficient and elegant is the use 
of illuminating gas. Betii. 



EVERYTHiNa here is as we estimate it, and the changes in our 
hearts make the changes that we feel. 




0" TJ "V E isr I Xj E IltTSTI^TJCTOI?/, 



=S^^^§5 






CEORCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 




SATUEDAY, MAY 25, 1872. 

E are now fast approaching the end of 
Spring, of the year of our Lord 1S72, and 
it has been, probably, the most remarka- 
ble Spring known in these vallej's since 
their settlement by white people. The 
quantity of rain that has fallen has been 
extraordinar.v, and if it last for two or 
three weeks longer it will be sure to dimin- 
ish the labors of the farmer this summer to 
a great extent, for but very little if any irri- 
gation will be needed by some of the crops, and 
the time and labor usually occupied in irrigation 
are a serious item, in the farmer's expenses. 
The rains have also been very fortunate so far as 
fruit and vegetables are concerned, and the pros- 
pect at present, is that there will be immense crops 
of everything necessary for the sustenance of man 
and beast in these valleys, for nothing conduces more 
to such a desirable result than a moist, warm Spring. 
A remarkable change has beeu perceptible in Utah 
Territory, during the last few years, so far as the rain is con- 
cerned ; each succeeding year, for the last seven or eight years, 
there has been gradually more and more of it, and if this change 
continues, there is every likelihood that in a few years more 
irrigation will have to be resorted to but seldom in many parts 
of the "N'alleys. There is a promise in that good old book, the 
Bible, to the effect that the deserts and waste places shall again 
rejoice in the early and latter rains ; and so far as regards what 
was once called the Great American Desert — and Utah is in the 
heart of it — the promise seems in a fair way of fulfillment. At 
any rate the people here, have great cause for gratitude to the 
Lord for the prospects of plenty with which they are now 
favored. 

By the by, children, while we are talking about Spring, let 
us ask you, did the resemblance between human life and the 
four seasons of the year ever strike your attention? If not, 
think about it a few moments, and you can hardly help noticing 
the similarity. The year is divided into four seasons. Spring, 
Summer, Autumn and "Winter. These periods follow one 
another with unvarying certainty, and bring the never-failing 
seed time, harvest etc. 

The life of every human being who lives the time usually 
acknowledged as the length of our earthly probation, namely 
seventy years, is composed of infancy, youth, adult age, that is 
manhood or womanhood, and the decline of life, or old age; and 
these periods, in many of their characteristics, bear a striking 
resemblance to the seasons of the year. In the Spring, the 
seed jilanted by the farmer, germinates, the trees clothe them- 
selves with leaves, the earth dons its verdure of green, the birds 
sing joyously, the insects and reptiles come from their winter 
hiding places, and life and animation are everywhere apparent. 
In the Summer the trees are loaded with fruit, and the various 
operations commenced in spring in the several departments of 
the animal and vegetable kingdoms arc hastening on to maturity, 
liy and by Autumn comes along with its crops, delicious fruits, 
gi'ldi'ii grain, etc., rich rewards for the toil of the husbandman ; 
and last of all Winter makes its appearance, every succeeding day 
almost, marking the decline of the forces that have been oper- 



' ating vigorously through spring, summer, and autumn. The 
trees lose their leafy covering, the fresh and green appearance of 
the fields gives place to a sober-looking gray ; as the cold and 
frosts increase the insects, reptiles, birds and animals again seek 
the shelter of their winter homes, and finally ice and snow lock 
all nature io their cold and deathlike embrace. 

How like our lives is all thisi Infancy — our springtime, is 
the period in which the powers of both mind and body gradually 
unfold themselves ; from the period of youth to adult age, those 
powers, by the education of our mental and physical systems, are 
developed and matured. And if we could, we should be grati- 
fied beyond measure to make every boy and girl see the import- 
ance of this period. Its value is beyond calculation, for on its 
proper use depends the usefulness and happiness of the 
remainder of life. Fritter away youth in folly, and reach 
mature age with powers and faculties undisciplined and unculti- 
vated, and the remainder of life will be spent in vain in trying 
to regain that which is lost. This golden period comes but 
once to each individual, and spent properly, middle age or life's 
autumn will be rich in comfort and respect ; and as old age with 
its declining powers and decrepitude approach, there is no 
regret for the past. Life's closing scenes are passed in tran- 
quillity, and death's advances beheld with calmness and serenity. 

As the seasons of the year glide, almost imperceptibly, from 
one into the other, so do the various phases of human life ; but 
as spring never fails to be succeeded by summer, summer by 
autumn, and autumn by winter, so will infancy and youth be 
followed by the cares, anxieties and joys of mature life, and the 
decrepitude and feebleness of age will inevitably overtake all 
who attain the full span of human life ; and as each of the four 
seasons of the year brings forth its characteristic fruits, so 
surely will the four seasons of life. If the farmer, at the proper 
time, neglect to plough his land, put in his seed grain, irri- 
gate his growing crops, and so forth, his reward will be com- 
mensurate with his labors, and will be plentiful in weeds and all 
that is worthless. So in our lives, if, in the proper season, our 
various powers and faculties are allowed to lie undeveloped, or 
are developed improperly, our happiness and usefulness will be 
fatally abridged during our sojourn here, and Heaven alone 
knows how long the evil effects of such a course may be felt in 
the life to come. 

Children, think of these things, and let your great purpose 
be to shun evil, to increase in good, to develop your intellectual 
faculties, and to lead pure and holy lives. This course will 
secure you the respect of the good everywhere, and in taking it 
you will but discharge a duty devolving upon every human 
being, — namely, to try and leave the world better than he found it. 






First, "William the Norman, 

Then William his eon 

Henry, Stephen, and Henry, 

Then Richard and John. 

Next, Henry the Third, 

Kdwards one, two, and three; 

And again after Richard 

Three Henr3s we see. 

Two Edwards, third Richard, 

If rightly I guess; 

Two Henrys, sixth Edward, 

Queen Mary, Queen Bess ; 

Then Jamie the Scotchman, 

Then Charles, whom they slew, 

Yet received, after Cromwell, 

Another Charles too. 

Next Jamie the Second 

Ascended the throne; 

Then Good William and Mary 

Together came on ; 

Then Anne, Georges four, 

And fourth William all pasBcd, 

And Victoria came — 

As yet she's the last. 



1^3^- 



^\ 



w* 



OTTJ'VElNrilLjEi IIsTSTI^/TJCTOI^. 



85 



7C^» 



Il.ESIIDEIsrC!E OIF -WJ^SEC- 
Z2SrC3-T02<r, :yCOTJITT 

THIS week we present you a small engraving of the home 
and burial place of General George Washington, the first 
President of the Kepublic of the United States, called ''The 
Father of his Country." George Washington was the com- 
mander-in-chief of the army of the united colonies in the strug- 
gle with Great Britain, for independence, which, as you all 
know,resulted in the establishment of the great government under 
which we live. The name of Washington is, and ever will be, 
honored by lovers of liberty the world over. He was a most 
remarkable man, and there can be no doubt was a special instru- 
ment, sent by Divine Providence, to conduct to a successful 
termination, one of the grandest struggles for freedom of which 
the history of mankind furnishes any account. 

Mount Vernon was the home of Mr. Washington before the 
War of Independence commenced, and was his favorite retreat 
whenever he had a chance to snatch a brief rest from the 
fatigue consequent upon the unceasing labors of his jiublic life. 
No man, probably, was ever more attached to any place than 
Washington to Mount Vernon ; and because of this, it wOl be 
regarded with aifection and veneration by the American people 
as long as a stick or stone of it is left standing. It is situated 
on the right bank of the 
river Potomac, in Fairfax 
county, in the State of Vir- 
ginia, and is on an elevated 
piece of land covered with 
trees, from whence a fine 
view of the river is obtain- 
ed. The estate originally 
belonged to Lawrence 
Washington, the elder 
brother of the General, who 
settled there in the year 
1743, and named it in honor 
of Admiral Vernon under 
whom he had served in 
the West Indies. When 
the General came into pos- 
session he enlarged and dec- 
orated the mansion, making 
it then ninety-six feet long. ' '" -^^.'^s^wm. 
It is a wooden structure, and two storeys high, with, as you see, 
a lofty portico, along the front. It contains six rooms on the 
ground floor ; but the only ones which remain as they were dur- 
ing the lifetime of its distinguished owner are his bedroom and 
the library. General Washington died in 1799, at which time 
the estate consisted of several thousand acres, cut up into a 
number of farms. 

In the year 1858, two hundred acres of the original estate 
with the mansion and Washington's tomb, were purchased by 
the "Ladies' Mount Vernon Association," the design being to 
preserve the place from decay, and as a place that pleasure- 
seekers and travelers may visit, for having been the favorite 
rcEort during life, and, after death, the burial place, of one so 
eminent and justly revered as General George Washington, it 
will be a favorite place for the visits of pleasurQ-seekers and 
travelers as long as a vestige of it remains. 



A MISFORTUNE, like a storm in traveling, gives zest for the 
sunshine, freshness to the prospect, and often introduces an 
agreeable companion for the remainder of our journey. 

A CELEBRATED author says that spite and ill-nature are the 
most expensive luxuries in life 



IN July, 1810, the largest elephant ever seen in England was 
advertised as "just arrived," Henry Harris, the manager 
of Covent Garden Tlieatre, purchased it for the sum of nine 
hundred guineas. Mr. Henry Johnston was to ride it; and 
Miss Packer, the Columbine, was to play up to it. Young 
happened to be one morning at the box-office, adjoining the 
theatre, when his ears were assailed by a strange and unusual 
uproar within the walls. On asking one of the carpenters the 
cause of it, he was told "it was something going wrong with 
the elephant, he could not exactly tell what." It had been 
arranged that Mrs. Henry Johnston, seated in a howdah on the 
elephant's back, should pass over a bridge, in the centre of a 
numerous group of followers, and it was thought expedient that 
the unwieldy monster's tractability should be tested. On step- 
ping up to the bridge, which was slight and temporary, the 
i sagacious brute drew back his forefeet and refused to budge. 
It is well known as a fact m natural history that the elephant, 
[ aware of its unusual bulk, will never trust its weight on any 
object which is unequal to its support. The stage manager, 
i seeing how resolutely the animal resisted every eifort made to 
compel or induce it to go over the bridge in question, proposed 
that they should stay the proceedings till next day, when he 
=-^.^_ might be in a better mood. 

It was during the repetition 
of the experiment that my 
father, having heard about 
the extraordinary sounds, 
determined to go upon the 
stage and see if he could 
ascertain the cause of them. 
The first sight that met his 
eyes kindled his indigna- 
tion. There stood the huge 
animal with downcast eyes 
and flapping ears, meekly 
submitting to blow after 
blow from a sharp iroti 
goad, which his keeper was 
driviag ferociously into the 
fleshy part oi his neck at 
the root of the ear. The 
floor on which he stood was 
converted into a pool of blood. One of the proprietors, impa- 
tient at what he regarded as senseless obstinacy, kept urging 
the driver to proceed to still severer extremities, when Charles 
Young, who was a great lover of animals, expostulated with 
him, went up to the poor, patient suiferer, and patted and 
caressed him; and when the driver was about to wield his 
instrument with even more vigor, he caught him by the wrist as 
in a vice, and stayed his hand from further violence. While an 
angry altercation was going on between Young and the man of 
color who was the driver. Captain Hay of the "Ashel" who 
had brought over "Chuny" in his ship, and jietted him greatly 
on the voyage, came in and begged to know what was the mat- 
ter. Before a word of explanation could be given, the much- 
wronged creature spoke for himself; for as soon as he ]ierceived 
the entrance of his patron, he waddled u]) to himj and with a 
look of gentle appeal caught hold of his hand with his proboscis, 
plunged it into the bleeding wound, and then thrust it before 
his eyes. The gesture seemed to say as plainly as if it had been 
enforced by speech : "See how these cruel men treat 'Chuny.' 
Can you approve of it?" The hearts of the hardest present 
were sensibly touched by what they saw, and among them that 
of the gentleman who had been so energetic in proposing its 
harsh treatment. It was under a far better impulse that he 
ran out iuto the street, purchased a few apples at a stall, and 




m^^ 



^^^i 



*j 



5^^^- 



t 



S6 



arTJVE3SriIL.E IlsrSTi?/TJOTOI^. 



'^^t 



oflFered them to him. "Chuny" eyed him askance, took them, 
threw them between his feet, and when he had crushed them 
to pulp, spurned them from him. Young, who had gone into 
Covent Garden on the same errand as the gentleman who had 
preceded him, shortly after re-entered, and also held out to him 
some fruits, when to the astonishment of the bystanders the 
elephant ate every morsel ; and afterwards twined his trunk 
with studied gentleness around Young's waist, marking by his 
action that though he had resented a wrong, he did not forget 
a kindness. Selected. 



^ X) -^^^ E 2iT T TJ K/ E S -with: 

[Concluded.) 

THE flash of Quelp's gun, and at the same instant a dark 
mass rolling down over the rocks, seemed to be simultaneous 
events. The bear had sprung upon him as he fired, and with 
such force as to carry him over the rocks, and down upon the 
grassy slope. Seizing my rifle, reckless of all consequences, I 
leaped from rock to rock, shouting wildly for Satellite, Before 
me I saw the bear and Indian rolling rapidly, one over the 
other, down the hill ; the shrieks of the savage, mingled with 
the hoarse growls of the bear, fell distinctly on my ear. To 
Are would be sheer insanity, as one would be just as likely to 
hit the Indian as the bear. The trunk of a large pine tree lay 
just ahead of them, against which I saw they must roll and 
stop. For poor Quelp I had not the faintest hope ; all I 
thought of was shooting the ferocious " "~ 

chance at close quarters, I ran so as to 
the tree, thinking the bear would be 
victim that I should be able to skulk 
Bang came the pair against the tree, with a momentum that 
providentially sent the bear clear over the stump, leaving Quelp 
on the upper side. The beast was soon on his legs, growling 
savagely; and champing like an enraged bear, he began hunting 
round for his lost victim. By this time, I, too, had reached 
the stump, and was within twenty yards of the bear. I knew 
he would charge viciously the moment he saw me, and should I 
miss, my chance of escape was but small. Fortunately for me, 
the animal espied Satellite, who preferred looking on from a 
safe distance to that of risking a clawing. Turning round to 
rush at the Indian, the beast brought his side fairly toward 
me. Dropping on my knees, and resting my rifle on the fallen 
tree, I drew a "steady bead " on him; the leaden messenger, 
true to its mission, entered the chest just behind the elbow; the 
blood gushed from both mouth and nostrils. An instinct seemed 
to tell the huge brute that if once he fell it was never to rise 
again ; with legs placed wide apart, and rocking from side to 



beast. To get a good 
get the lower side of 
so occupied with his 
upon him unnoticed. 



side, he made the hills echo with his terrible groans. Savage 
beast as he was, I felt for him, and to end his misery, sent a 
bullet through his head that rolled him over lifeless among the 
raspberry bushes, where he had so recently regaled himself and 
eaten his supper. 

The first thing was to look after poor Quelp — not that I 
expected to find a spark of life remaining. The Satellite com- 
ing boldly down, now that Bruin was settled, and all danger 
over, assisted in carrying the maimed Indian from beneath the 
tree, under which he had burrowed like a marmot. A more 
pitiable object I never beheld. His back literally scored by 
the powerful claws of the bear, his body bruised from the bear's 
hugging and tumbling over and over in his rotatory journey 
down the hill, added to the fall from the rocks, had well nigh 
scared him out of his senses. 

I was satisfied, after a careful surgical cxan)ination, that he 
had a chance of recovery; but I have found, in severe injuries 
from wild beasts, that the shock to the system is far more 
dangerous than the wounds. 



We soon extemporized a litter, and after a most trying 
journey down the mountain, at last succeeded in reaching the 
canoe. Laying the wounded man in the bottom of it, we pad- 
dled down to the Indian village, the squaws taking immediate 
possession of the patient. As they are most skillful nurses, and 
most practiced hands in all cases of injury arising from teeth, 
knife or arrow.<!, I felt sure his chance of living was far from 
hopeless. 

Four canoes were manned at once by redskinned hunters to 
return for the dead bear, and to find the one Quelp had fired at 
when so suddenly pounced upon by an unseen foe. The wOy 
old hunter had spied one of the bears asleep amidst the rocks, 
and when I peeped over the ledge, was in the act of firing at 
her, little dreaming the other was so close behind him. The 
old chief in person accompanied us, taking me in his canoe — not 
that the chief is a whit cleaner or better dressed than his sub- 
jects, but he has a kind of questionable authority, due to the 
possession of more property than any other in his tribe. 

On reaching the scene of Quelp's disaster, the bear I had 
shot — an old male of huge proportions — lay stiff and rigid, terri- 
ble even in death. The other, which turned out to be the 
female, had been badly wounded by Quelp, but had dragged 
herself out and reached the wood. She was easily traced by 
the drops of blood that thickly bespattered the ground. After 
a brief search in the forest, an Indian spied her sitting up, 
licking the wound in her side. It was left to me to shoot her. 
Walking up very near, I sent a bullet through her heart. A 
convulsive shudder shook her massive frame, and like her liege 
lord, she rolled over dead, beneath the shadow of the pine trees. 
It took some time and much labor to skin this forest king and 
queen ; but "many hands make light work," and in grand pro- 
cession we a second time descended the mountain, bearing with 
us such trophies of the chase as seldom fall to the lot of a 
hunter — four feet, armed with such daws as any brave would 
risk his life to have and wear, and two grizzly skins. 

The fate of poor Quelp hung like a gloomy cloud over the 
sunshine of the achievement. But danger passed is soon for- 
gotten; and he was at length pronounced in a fair way of 
recovery. 

I made the chief a present of one set of claws, and Quelp 
those of the male bear, that he might wear round his neck the 
weapons that had so fearfully damaged him and nearly ended 
his days. Wild with delight, the Indians did war dances, and 
held a grand feast in honor of the "Long Beard," as I was 
designated in Savagedom, who had saved their kinsman's life, 
and presented him with that which of all things on earth an 
Indian most prizes — a necklace of grizzly bear's claws. 

Selected. 



HiisaroK.'X" OF THE 

O H TJ 12. O HI. 

[Continued.) 



AFTER the strenuous and unremitting exertions of the Saints 
for upwards of five years to build the Temple of the Lord 
in Nauvoo, while they were subjected to the most bitter and 
violent persecutions from their enemies, they were, as a matter 
of course, highly gratified at having a portion of the house so 
far completed as to admit of the holy ordinances of the Church 
being administered in it. The anxiety of the Saints to enjoy the 
privilege of having their endowments was only equalled by their 
zeal and earnestness in carrying out the command of God in 
building the Temple. During the month of December, 1845, 
a great many persons received the glorious privilege of endow- 
ments. 

The cflForts of the Saints to find purchasers for their property 
wore generally unavailing. Quite a number of delegates from 



ifS^ 





vTTJ'VEiniTILE II<TSTI2/TJOTOI2/. 



■^St, 



87 



Catholic churches of different cities and other associations 
visited Nauvoo, and talked strongly of purchasing or leasing 
the Temple and other piiblic buildings, and most of them 
expressed their admiration of the Temple, the beautiful city 
and its surroundings. But their visits generally terminated 
with a promise on their part to further consider the question of 
purchase, and, though the terms offered by the Saints were 
liberal, only one half the valuation of like property similarly 
situated in other parts of the country, being asked, the agents 
or delegates seldom went farther in the matter than to examine 
the property and iai/c of purchasing, or leasing. 

Some little excitement was caused at Nauvoo, in the early 
part of December, 1845, by the receipt of news from Washing- 
ton that the Secretary of War and several other Cabinet officers 
at the Capital were determined to prevent, if possible, the 
Saints from moving westward. They fancied they could do so 
on the plea that it was contrary to law for an armed force to 
remove from the United States to the dominion of any other 
government. The rumor then was that the Saints would prob- 
ably locate in California or Oregon, the territory of which at 
that time belonged to the dominion of Blexioo. It will be 
remembered that what is now known as Utah Territory also 
belonged to Mexico at that time, and indeed until some time 
after it had been settled by the Saints. 

The Saints were not going as an armed force to subdue and 
take possession of the territory of any other government, and 
establish an independent one of their own, and enact laws 
in opposition to, and declare hostilities against the United 
States or any other country, as they were charged with con- 
templating. But on the contrary, being forced by the persecu- 
tions of their enemies, to abandon the homes which they had 
made by years of toil, they purposed migrating peaceably to 
some distant part where they would find a refuge from the 
power of their persecutors; and they expected to sumbit to the 
laws of the government in whose dominion they might locate, 
as they had always done to the laws of the United States. 

President Young told the people that they would go in spite 
of all the efforts of officers and others to prevent them, as he 
felt that the Lord would deliver the Saints in the future as He 
had done in the past. 

Conciliatory letters were written from Nauvoo to Stephen A. 
Douglas and several other members of Congress to secure their 
influence in opposition to this movement to prevent the removal 
of the Saints. Several times during the month of December, 
officers visited Nauvoo for the purpose of arresting President 
Young and members of the Twelve Apostles, but those brethren 
managed to elude then), and in order to do so were forced to 
disguise themselves on several occasions. On the 23d of 
December the famous "Bogus Brigham" arrest was made. 
Most of our readers are doubtless acquainted with the incident, 
from having read the recital of it as given in the sixth volume of 
the Instructor. On the occasion referred to the marshal and 
several of the State officers, accompanied by a number of troops, 
entered Nauvoo and rode to the Temple for the purpose of 
searching it for President Young. On their movements being 
reported to President Young, who was in the Temple at the 
time, he devised a plan, which, if carried out, would decoy them 
from their purpose. To accomplish this. Elder William Miller 
put on President Young's cap and a cloak similar to his, and 
met the officers at the door, and allowed them to arrest and 
take him to Carthage, elated with the idea that he was the real 
Brigham and not the "bogus" one, which they afterwards dis- 
covered him to be, to their discomfiture. 

On the 27th of December a United States deputy marshal 
appeared to again search for the Twelve and others. He was 
allowed to search every part of the Temple, in viewing which 
and the city from the tower he expressed his gratification with 
w!iit h ' .saw. He, however, had to leave without effecting the 
object of his search, as those for whom he sought knew from 



past experience that the easiest and cheapest way to secure 
justice for themselves was to keep out of the power of officers 
whose whole aim was to convict and punish the Saints, whether 
cause of complaint against them existed or not, and they accord- 
ingly kept out of their way. 

On the 4th of January, 1846, Governor Ford wrote a lengthy 
letter to Sheriff Backenstos, in which he made a great effort to 
impress the idea that he had not instituted the late attempt to 
arrest the Church authorities in Nauvoo, nor aided in it by 
furnishing troops to accompany the marshal. He stated that 
it was purely a U. S. Government affair in which he took 
no official part, and that he refused, when requested by the 
marshal, to furnish troops. He expressed his belief that the 
Government would prevent the removal of the Saints westward 
of the Kocky Mountains, as they would be sure to "join the 
British" and be more trouble to the United States than ever. 
He indulged in forebodings and speculations as to the result of 
the Saints being brought into collision with the Government, 
and thought it not unlikely that the leaders of the Church would 
have to separate from the people and becoiue fugitives in the 
earth, or submit to a trial on their indictments. 

It was not much to be wondered at, that the Governor should 
dislike to "father" a movement that terminated in such a 
ludicrous manner as did the attempt to arrest President Young. 
He had shown in his actions with the Saints that he was a rank 
hypocrite, possessing no sense of, nor regard for, justice, or else 
that he was a man of no force, and without stamina sufficient to fit 
him for the lowest public office. The Saints had no fear of sub- 
mitting to trial on indictments for counterfeiting or any other 
crime that might be brought against them, if they could only be 
assured that their lives would not be placed in jeopardy, or that 
they would not be foully murdered while held for trial as were 
Joseph and Hyrum Smith ; but after the treachery of the Gov- 
ernor on that occasion, they could place no further confidence in 
his promises. 

(lo be Continued.) 



[For the Juveiv'e Instructor. 



THE IFOIjXjIES 



OF 



WITH most people there is a degree of pride that is com- 
mendable, but with some it runs into vanity and folly. 
To be proud of truth and virtue is a trait of character we should 
cultivate. To be clean and neat, looks well, but to be extrava- 
gant in dress and to "put on style" as some call it, is not useful, 
but often brings poverty and ruin. 

Children should be taught to be clean, polite and kind. From 
infancy to the grave there is a great work to do. To labor to 
adorn our bodies according to the whims of fashion while the 
mind is uncultivated, is time poorly spent. Our example in 
society has its effect, and if we seek to dress beyond our means 
some of our neighbors will try and do likewise; but most peo- 
ple look well who keep their persons clean, if they wear plain 
and neat clothing. 

Many persons have laid the foundation for great sickness by 
wearing thin shoes and light clothing in winter. Some, 
through wearing tight shoes, suffer from corns, bunions, and 
blisters ; but they would rather endure pain than wear unfash- 
ionable shoes. Shoes should be large enough to be comfortable. 

Little children often appear in society a little over half 
dressed ; the neck, arms, and legs, are bare, and they feel the 
cold ; if grown up persons were to dress in this style many of 
them would be sick, but loving parents want to show their 
children off, and many of them do — to the grave. 

Fashions are constantly changing. Comfort and usefulness 
arc not always thought of. When we get a good fashion wo 
should stick to it; but no, the ladies will wear long dresses. 



1^ 



ff^^ 



^ 



4iw 




I? 



5^^ 8Q 



CrTJ^El^ILE USTSTI^.TJOTOie/ 



short dresses, trail dresses, hats to cover the head, hats as 
large as a revenue stamp, hats ■with wido brims, sky-scraper 
bonnets, little bonnets; while the men and boys wear tight 
pants, loose pants, peg top pants, long tail coats, short-tail coats, 
large sleeves, tight sleeves, and fashions in endless variety, 
■without sense, ■with no regard to comfort, and calculated only 
to drain the pocket. 

Cheap je'welry of various kinds, including breast pias and a 
variety of other useless gewga^ws, are very fashionable, and worn 
by many too poor to take the Juxenile Instrcctor ; but the 
idol, Fashion, has its 'worshipers, and they spend their lives in 
frivolity, they live only (o be seen, and not to be useful, and are 
of little ■worth in the ■world. 

Oftentimes the young, and sometimes the old, drink tea, 
coffee, strong drinks, che^w or smoke tol^aceo, because others do 
so ; but true principle should be first ■with us, ■whether popular 
or unpopular. This should he our guide in dress, food, and in 
everything ■we have to do ■with, then our lives ■will be praise- 
worthy and of good report. Wm. 



Infant-eatlng Hyenas. — There are mau-eaters among the 
South African hyenas, and these homnivorous animals are 
greatly dreaded on account of the exceeding stealthiness and 
craft with which they achieve their object. They very seldom 
endeavor to destroy the adult men and women, but limit their 
attacks to the young and defenseless children. On dark nights, 
the hj'ena is greatl.v to be feared, for he can be guided to his 
prey by the hght of the nocturnal fires, which do tot daunt an 
animal that is possessed by this fearful spirit of destructivenoss, 
and at the same time can make his cautious approach unseen. 
As the family are lying at night buried in sleep, the hyena 
prowls round the enclosure, and finding a weak spot, the animal 
pushes aside the wattle-bands of which the fence is made, and 
quietly creeps thi-ough the breach. Between the humau inha- 
bitants and the fence, the cattle are picketed by night, and 
would fijrm an easy prey to the hyena, if he choose to attack 
them. But he slips cautiously amid the sleeping beasts, and 
makes his way to the spot where lies a young child wrajiped in 
deep slumber. Employing the same silent caution, the hyena 
slightly withdraws the sleeping child from the protecting cloak 
of its mother, and makes its escape with its prey before it can 
be intercepted. ^Yith such marvelous caution does this animal 
act, that it has often been known to remove an infant from the 
house without giving the alarm. 



[ For Ibe 'Jtwentlc fnHvuct'ir, 



J^i-T EISTIG-I^T^. 



OIJ Nufili pofscsEcd me when lie Ijiiilt tlicnrki 
And, I was in Us window and its door — 
I was the chief part of tlic roof and Hoor — 

liut, was not seen at all, then, in the dark ! 

Since then, in every honsc and hovel I've a place ;- 
With e\-'ry mother and her darlinc boy — 
In every joyous look and \\ lusomc toy : 

And, beauty in her toilet sees my face! 

I never was in chnrch or fhapcl ! Men 
May SCO nic in religious houses: thci'r, 
In worship with devout ones, — not in prajcr— 

I'm in the choir. Bnt, no one hear.s mc there! 

Ill this treat world I fonn a <-ir<le, true. 
I largely help to make the iKjoks you own 
(.Mthough a cypher when I am alone ;) 

I'm In the Juvknilk Isstudctoh, too! 



Beth. 



"7U 



1^^^^^- 



^tlulth jPodtJ^* 




IjIttle t h: I ist a- s . 



A lUtle ffiiiiff.' ITow'oft that -nord 

We hear from j-oung and gay; 
Kvcuts which till our daily lives, 

Arc "little things," they say. 
Ah, did wc know the weary pain 

A little fault might liring; 
We'd pause a moment, ere ■vvc dared 

Call it a little thing. 

It may be but a hasty word, 

A cross or angry toRC, 
The little woe that promjited it, 

Ere it spoke is gone; 
But to the loving heart it wounds, 

The sorrow long ■will cling, 
The pain your thoughtless words impart 

Is not a little thing. 

Remember, too, the loving Lord 

Looks ever calmly down 
To give each action and each thought 

His blesshig or His frown. 
That hasty word recorded is 

Where holy angels sing, 
Their sinless hearts are pained by it, 

Is that a little thing '? 

A mother's kiss, a sister's smile, 

A golden summer's day. 
Appear but little things to us, 

To cheer our onward way ; 
But love and joy and thankfulness, 

These gifts were meant to win ; 
Your Heavenly Father sent you each, 

Not as a little thing. 

Oh 1 who can tell the wondrous chain 

Which on each day may hang. 
Reaching from when their morning hymn 

The stars of moniing sang, 
Throuffh countless ages, till the time 

Of which the angels sing ! 
Can any link of this great chain 

Be called a little thing ? 

Know that each hour of life is fraught 

With endless good or ill, 
No act but with its consequence 

The universe ma}- fill ; 
Then, till with angel vision clear 

We mount on angel wing. 
Let us not dare to say of aught, 
" It is a little thhisr." 



TnE answer to the Charade in Number Nme, is CALIFORNIA. 
Correct solutions have been received from Elislia Peck, Edwin F. 
Parry, City ; Willie Palmer, Logon ; Charlotte .Shelley, American 
Fork ; Alma Warr, Kamas. 



Ih imlilishod in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

itmyle Cup;/, per Annum ?12 50, 

»f Grain broiight to this City for the Jiivenilk Ikstructob wUl be 
icceivcdat lUe office of our paper— Deskrkt News Buildikos. 



!^ 




