
VOL XI 



SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 1, 1876. 



MO. 13. 



J± TRIP TO O UR ANTIPODES. 

CHAPTER XIII. 



THE phormium tenax, or, as it is commonly called. New 
Zealand flax, it being indigenous to no other country but 
these islands, grows abundantly in all parts of the country. 
It grows luxuriantly and is very prolific in moist ground, and 
can also be found occasionally on the sand hills, on the banks 
of rivers and in other hieh and dry places. The leaves are 
sword-shaped, tapering gradually from the bottom, where they 
are thick and 
woody; and are 
largely impreg- 
nated with a 
white gum of a 
very adhesive 
nature. These 
leaves often grow 
to a h i g h t of 
eight or ten feet, 
with a breadth 
of three or four 
inches. A stalk 
rises from ' the 
centre of the 
clump of leaves, 
growing to a 
hight of ten or 
twelve feet, bear- 
ing a dark pur- 
ple, bell-shaped 
flower, which is 
very pretty. 
These flowers are 
loaded with a de- 
licious kind of 
honey, or syrup, 
and, in tin' sea- 
son, children, 
yes, and adults 





a n v. w Z K A LAN II I 
ton, eagerly join in (he sweet occupation of obtaining the 
honey from the flowers. Tin: small bird,-;, ton, arc very fond 
of these sweets, and througb this fondness many meel with 
thoir death, [nd I, it has been ascertained thatvasl num- 
bers of imported birds are yearly destroyed through the follow- 
ing carious cause: Bees, you may be sure make these flowers 
frequent visits, and hide themselves away in tin- bill of the 



flower; presently a bird comes along, wishing, like all the rest 
to have a taste of the sweets so abundantly provided, so he 
darts his little bill into the bell; but the bee, already inside 
resents the intrusion by sticking his sting intj the tongue of 
the bird, and the result is the bird is soon dead. 

The gum of this plant has been used to some extent for 
commercial purposes, but it might be much more utilized as 

it has properties 
equal, if not su- 
perior, to those 
of gum arabic. 

The fibre of 
this flax is the 
strongest textile 
known, with the 
exception of silk. 
It was formerly 
only used in the 
manufacture of 
cordage, and for 
that purpose it 
brings a higher 
price than, and is 
acknowledged to 
be superior to 
any oilier mate- 
rial. It is now 

being Used ill the 

manufacture of 
textile labrics, 
and cloth is being 
produced from it 
equal in appear- 
ance and strength 
to the finest silk. 
[mmigrants at 
" TA TTO mini;. ti me burn! 

up and Otherwise destroyed ibis valuable plant; but now (bat 

they know its real value, they are carefully cultivating it. 

The Maoris have Ioul' used its |ea\e> for articles of clothing, 

etc., and, indeed, thej weave very beautiful cloth from it. 
In the illustration to our las! chapter you doubtless noticed 1 1 
peculiar clothing of the Maori and bis "waihona" (wil 

I thibited. That wan lu.elc from ibis i 1 ; i x . 





j- tj "v e nsr i L e iustbtjctor. 




"Hugh" has spoken to several of the hrethren in Utah 
regarding the introduction of this valuable plant into the Ter- 
ritory, and they feel confident, as he does also, that it will do 
well in this climate, and would be a source, eventually, of great 
wealth. He has sent to Mew Zealand for some seed, and when 
it arrives he will be most happy to distribute it among his 
brethren lor trial. When staying in California, a prominent 
nurseryman of Oakland tempted the writer to part with, for 
a big consideration, about a quart of this seed, which he had 
in his possession; and the purchaser made a handsome profit 
on the investment, for now in Oakland and the neighborhood 
the plants grown from that seed are considered among the 
handsomest that can be obtained for garden ornamentation. 
One thing is pretty certain: if it will grow in Oakland, as it 
does finely, it will grow in Utah. But let us state a few fac's 
and figures. In the case of flax swamps, where the plants had 
a stunted growth of only two feet, draining the water off made 
them grow to a hight of nine or ten feet. This is a proof that 
too much water is not good for them. If properly cultivate:!, 
and by stripping only the outer leaves off the flax plants twice 
a year, each acre of land would yield more than two tons of 
marketable flax. This is worth about $120. per ton, and 
requires but little attention, excepting when gathering the 
leaves, which work children can perform. 

There is a good market and ready sale for it in Europe, as 
well as in America, and although such little attention was paid 
to it in New Zealand as an article of commerce, as late 
as the year ISfiT, yet from that time for five years afterwards, 
flax was exported from that country (exclusive ol the home 
consumption) to the value of $1,464,125. 

At the present time there are many mills in operation in 
New Zealand for the dressing of this article, and instead of 
exporting the raw material entirely, a large industry has arisen 
in its manufacture into cordage, etc. The rope made from 
it is pronounced the best in the world, it being more durable 
and capable of standing a greater strain than the finest man ilia. 
Shawls, etc., have been made from it which are very beauti- 
ful, and which have the appearance of delicate glossed satin. 

It would not be interesting to go into details in describing 
all the curious and useful plants that are to be found in New 
Zealand, but it has been done in the case of this flax with the 
hope of making the tillers of the soil of our mountain home 
interested in its culture, and to get them to experiment with it. 

Fruit and other kinds of trees have been introduced into 
New Zealand with remarkable success. Apples, pears, plums, 
grapes. pea?hes, etc., grow in abundance, and are of fine qual- 
ity. There are also several berries and fruits of strange though 
delicious flavor, that are indigenous to the country. Peaches 
are very plentiful and are relished by the Maoris. When 
first introduced they admired them so much as a fruit that 
they were determined to have an abundance of them, and so 
they carefully collected and saved every peach pip they could 
find, and when going on a journey each would take his bag of 
pips with him, and. as they tramped along, would plant the 
pips a few paces apart: and so in a few years they had groves 
of beautiful peaches, in all directions for miles in extent, which 
answers the double purpose of forming an agreeable shade and 
yielding an abundance of wild but delicious fruit. Could not the 
white men in America take a little lesson from these .Maoris, in 
the matter of tree planting? The companionship of a friend 
with a wooden leg when out for a stroll would be invaluable: 
let him walk on in front prodding a hole at each step, and the 
one in the rear drop the seed in the hole so made. Everything 
has its use. 




IKOREASE OIF "W^TIEIR, lUST 
OTJIR, TEE/RTORY. 



IJ7IIKN the valleys clustering around the Great Salt Lake 
? ' were first settled, the scarcity of water to moisten the 
fields was noticed and commented upon, even in those places 
that now have abundance, ana some of them great surplus of 
this precious element. It has long been understood by men of 
observation that forests produced more humidity than barren 
lands, inducing showers of rain and also gathering dew — and 
while shading the ground with their branches, preventing the 
escape of the moisture of the earth by evaporation. 

As our valleys were occupied one after another, it was invari- 
ably found that the ground was parched and dry during the 
creator part of the year, and that in the most of places the 
running streams were insufficient to irrigate the tillable land. 
But after building houses, planting fruit and shade trees and 
raising some crops of grain, it was noticed that the extreme 
dryness of the soil began to disappear, and the country to 
become more inhabitable. 

But for every tree that was planted in the towns, a hundred 
were felled in the valleys and neighboring mountains for fuel, 
fencing and building purposes, so that the theory that the 
tree-planting produced the increased rainfall will hardly hold 
good. 

More than all else however, the Apostles and Elders of the 
Church blessed the land, and promised an increase of water and 
fruitfulness for the soil, also that springs should break forth, 
and that the heavens should not withhold their rain. 

Now the captious will declare that this result could all have 
been foreseen, and that the whole matter was carefully and 
artfully calculated by the Elders beforehand, in order to gain 
a reputation for prophesying. Tnis objection is wholly puerile 
and without foundation, and could only find place in narrow 
and envious hearts. 

It is no doubt true that the presence of trees and vegetation 
will have their due effect in attracting clouds, and retaining 
moisture, but there have been instances wh'ch cannot be 
accounted for by any such agency. 

The writer spent Christmas day, 1871, at the little town of 
Fayette, sometimes called Warm Creek, a few miles west from 
Gunnison, and was assured by a gentleman named Metcalf, the 
first settle)' there, that the water of the brook had fully doubled 
since he first came there, but what made it more remarkable, 
was his statement, that the head spring doubled its volume of 
water all at one time, which singular fact he could the better 
verify by means of a water wheel that turned his mill; the 
wheel that before took all the water, could not then receive 
more than half of it, and the increased flow continued on 
unabated. 

In the fiUl of 1S51 the writer passed through Payson, Utah 
County, then called Pcteetneet, where, attracted by the beauty 
of the location, he enquired about its facilities, and was informed 
that the soil was good, and pasturage abundant, but that there 
was great scarcity of water for irrigating purposes. At that 
time there was a little log fort with at the most thirty families; 
now there i> a thriving town, supported almost entirely by 
agriculture, containing perhaps 2, 500 inhabitants, with a steady 
increase of population, and all fully as well provided with 
water for irrigating as were the few in 1851. 

Instances of this kind could be greatly multiplied, and similar 
facts adduced in greater or less degree respecting nearly every 





CT XT V IE 1ST I I_i E INSTRUCTOR 



147 




settlement in the Territory but let this suffice for the nre-ent, 
as furnishing incontestable pro> r s of the ilireft fulfillment nf 
prophecy, as facts worth remem ering and wm-ihy the candid 
consideration of every reflecting mind. W'hilc the re was scarce- 
ly any rain the fir.-t years, the amount ha- gradu ill\ increased 
as can be fully attested Ly iha early settle! . 



.A. "VST -A. L !H. U" S HTXJ3NTT. 



goes in herds or shoals and this fact makes it the more dan- 
g vnus for man to attack. Attacking a shoal of Walruses, 
even when found on the shore or lying on the ice is attended 
with considerable ri-l<: though the hunters can assail them 
there with much greater pro.-pect of success than in the water. 
When on the land their movements are awkward in the ex- 
treme, their legs are so short and apparently loose-jointed; bu t 
in the water they move about with ease, and use their huge 
tusks very effectively in protecting themselves. 

The Walrus is hunted for its oil, its tusks and its skio. It 
tusks are valued as ivory, being superior in compactness to 



The scene portrayed in the accompanying engraving is one 
that requires a brave heart and a steady nerve on the par t those of the elephant. The oil i 
of every mari- 
ner engaged. 
Hunting the 
Walrus is a 
business that is 
fraught with 
the greatest 
kind of danger, 
for we must 
know that it is 
rather a formi- 
dable foe to at- 
tack, especially 
when in tie 
water, in which 
case it is not so 
clumsy and 
helpless as 
when on the 
land. When 
full grown, it is 
. very large, 
sometimes at- 
taining "a siz j 
greater t h a n 
that of the 
largest ox, and 
the tus! s arc 
sometimes two 
f e e t or even 

thirty inches in 

length." Be- 
sides, it is quite 

feroc : ois when 

attacked, and 

will fieht lor its 

companions, 

and especially 

for its young, 

till the last ex- 
tremity. And . 

then, to make it more difficult still to kill it, its skin is so thick 

as to resist a rifle bullet. 

The Walrus, or Morse, or Sea- Horse, as it is variously called, 

inhabits the Arctic seas, and is amphibious in its nature; that 

is, it is capable ot living either on land or in the water. It 

sometimes grows to a leneth of eighteen feet, and its skin is 

irom one to two inches thick and covered with close hair. It 

has a round head, small mouth and eyes, a short neck, and a 

body that is thick in the middle, and tapering towards the tail. 

It has no ears, or rather, more properly speaking, its ears have 
, auricle, or outside growth. It is gregarious; that is, it 




also considered valuable, 
and the skin is 
used by the in- 
j habitants of the 
most northern 
parts of the 
world, when 
cut up into 
strips, in- 
j stead of ropes 
and cables. 
The flesh is 
also sometimes 
eaten by the 
H s 1 1 u i m a u x , 
though it is 
very coarse. 
When captured 
young, the 
Walrus is capa- 
ble of being 
tamed. 
The Walrus 
its huge 
tisks t" defend 

.. itself when at- 
tacked, and for 
icting its 
young; also for 
climbing upon 
the ice. Their 
principal use, 
however, is 
sup] osed to be 
that of tearing 
up sea weed 
In ni the r icks 
at the bottom 
of the sea. as 
that is sup 
posed to be the 
chief food of 
the Walrus, though it is a carnivorous, or M >sh-eating animal , 
and preys to some extent upon smaller marine animals. The 
polar-bear is probably the most inveterate enemy the Walrus 
has. 



When at first from virtue's path we stray, 
How shrinks the feeble heart with Bad disomy ! 
More held at length, l>y powerful habit led, 
Caieless and seared, the dreary wilds we tread; 
Behold the gaping gulf of sin with scum, 
And plunging deep, to endless death are borno. 






148 



0" TT "V" IE nST I IL IE IITSTE/TJCTOE/. 




E 1TTOMOLOGY-1TO. 2. 



BY W. D. JOHNSON, JUN. 




The animal kingdom has been divided by naturalists, into 
two great divisions. 

The vertebrates comprise all those animals that have their 
bodies supported on a bony frame, or structure, with a back 
bone and ribs, of which men, beasts, birds, reptiles, and 
fishes are types. 

Invertebrates, are animals that have no internal skeleton, 
but a soft body. Some are covered with a hard shell or 
horny skin, to protect them from injury, and some have not 
even this defense. To this division belong insects, crabs, 
oysters and star-fishes. 

The division of invertebrates is still further divided; into 
three branches: articulates, to which insects belong, as they 
are articulated or jointed, being composed of rings or segments; 
mollusks, such animals as the oyster and other shell fish; rad- 
iates, which comprise those animals called star-fish, jelly-fish 
and coral animals. 

Articulates are divided into three classes: insects, which 
embrace all beetles, bugs and grasshoppers; crustaceans, as the 
crab, lobster and shrimp; worms, as the angle worm and 
others. 

Insects are divided into three orders: insects proper, spiders 
and myripods or centipedes. And the insects proper are fur- 
ther divided into seven sub orders: hymenoptera, or mem- 
branous winged insects, as bees, wasps and ants; lepidoptera, 
or scaly winged insects, as butterflies and moths; diptera, or 
two winged insects as flies and mosquitos; coleoptei'a, or 
sheath-winged insects, as may beetles, tumble bugs and cock- 
chafers; hemiptera, or half-winged insects, such as squash 
bugs, bed bugs and harvest flies; orthoptera, or straight-wing- 
ed iusects, as grasshoppers, crickets and katy-dids, neurop- 
tera; or nerve-winged insects, as the dragon-flies or devil's 
darning needles. 

The word insect is derived from the Latin word insec/um 
(to cut in. ) Oa looking at an insect, it appears to be cut in two 
placi 3, dividing the animal into three parts, the head, the 
throax or chest; and hind body or abdomen. 

On the head are situated the eyes, mouth and antennae or 
feelers. To the thorax the wings and legs are appended; the 
abdomen contains the organs of digestion and the piercer or 
with which some insects are furnished. 

The antennae project forward from the head and look like 
little horns they are composed of hollow tubes joined together. 
Insects use them for feeling and hearing. 

The mouth part of insects is of various forms. Those 
that live mii the juices of plants and animals have the mouth 
elongated int. a sharp and tough proboscis, as the horse-fly 
and mosquito; while in the butterfly it is long enough to reach 
to the bottom of flowers and obtain the nectar they contain; 
and can be oeatly rolled up when not in use. The common 
'I. hi- a proboscis with a lip at the end, with which it 
takrs up milk, molasses and such things that suit its taste. 
Other insects are fitted fur chewing, as the grashoppers and 
crickets. 

The eyes of insects are immovable, and for this reason they 

are made compound, so they can see above, below, behind and 

i the -inic time Although we see only two eyes. 

tie' lens reveals a well known fact among naturalists: that the 

eyes of insects are composed of many little eyes, or lei i . 

ii- is why they are called compound ryt'<. Each one of these 



lenses is the same as a perfect eye. This enables the insect to 
see in all directions without moving its head. The butterfly 
has 35,000 of these lenses in its two eyes, which, when exam- 
ined with a powerful microscope, appear like a diamond beau- 
tifully cut on all sides. 



[The foregoing chapter should have been published in 
advance of the last two chapters on Entomology that appeared, 
but the copy was accidentally mislaid. — Ed. J. I.) 



THE ZMZZECIHI^ItTia'S IKOIMIIE. 



A PHYSICIAN'S STORY. 



One evening in the early part of the winter, the door bell 
rang with energy, and the servant announced "a man, who 
wished to see me." A "man" is one thing with a servant, a 
"gentleman" another, and "person" something different from 
either. The man stood in the hall, but I wondered why he 
had not been called a gentleman. I was puzzled where to place 
him myself. His dress was very neat, but plain, and rather 
coarse. His linen, that badge of refinement, was white, in 
perfect order, and almost elegant. Every thing about him 
seemed substantial; but nothing gave a clue to his position in 
life. In all outward seeming, he was simply a man. When he 
spoke to me, his sadness was simple, clear, direct, and with a 
certain air of self reliance, the furthest possible from a vulgar 
blusterer. 

"Doctor", said he, "I wish you to come and see my child. 
We fear he is threatened with croup." 

I put on my hat and prepared to accompany him; for if the 
case was as he supposed, there was no time to lose. In this 
disease a single hour may make a life's difference. 

In a moment we were in the street and walking briskly up 
one of our avenues. The child, he said, had been playing out 
of doors, had eaten heartily at supper, gone to sleep, and waked 
up a short time since very hoarse, with a croaking cough. 
The case was a pretty clear one, and I hurried my walk still 
more, and in a few moments we were at the door. We went up, 
up, up, to the fourth "story. The last flight of stairs was 
carpeted, and a small lamp at the top lighted us up. An 
excellent and very durable kind of mat lay at the door. You 
will see, iu time, why I give these little particulars. 

I entered the opened duor, and was welcomed by a rather 
pretty and remarkably tidy woman who could have been nobody 
in the world but the wife of the man who had summoned me. 

"I am glad you have come so soon," she said in a soft, pure 
'accent. "Little William seems so distressed that he can hardly 
breathe;" and the next moment, as we passed through a narrow 
pa --age where he lay, I heard the unmistakably croupy sound, 
that justly carries such terrors to the parent's heart. 

"Is it the croup, Doctor?" asked the father, with a voice of 
emotion, as I bent over the child — a fine boy, three years old. 

"It is certainly the croup," I said, "and a pretty violent 
attack. How long is it since you thought him sick?" 

"Not above an hour," was the calm reply. It was made 
calm by firm self-control. I looked at the mother. She was 
very pale, but did not trust herself to speak. 

"Then there is probably but little danger," I said; "but we 
have something to do. Have you the water here?" 

The husband went to what seemed a closet, opened two doors, 
and disclosed a neat pine bathing tub, supplied with fresh water 
This was beyond my hopes, but I had no time to wonder. 
The little fellow was in a high fever, and laboring for every 







JTJTE1TILE IFSTBUCTOB. 



149 




breath. Taking him from his little crib, where he lay upon a 
nice hair niattrass, fifr for a prince to sleep on, I took off his 
clean night clothes, stood him in the wash-tub, and made his 
father pour full upon his neck and chest three pails of cold 
water, while 1 rubbed him briskly with my hand. He was then 
%viped dry, and rubbed until his whole body was glowing like a 
flame. Then I wrung a large towel out of cold water and put 
it around his throat, and then wrapped him up in blankets. 
The brave little fellow had borne it all without a complaint, as 
if he understood that under his father's e.ye no harm could 
come to him. In fifteen minutes after he was wrapped in the 
blankets he was in a profuse perspiration, in a sound slumber, 
and breathing freely. The danger was over — so rapid is this 
disease, and so easily cured. 

Happiness had shed a serene light upon the countenance of 
the father, and thrown over the mother's face aglow offceauty. 
I looked upon them, and was more than ever puzzled where to 
place them. There were no marks of high birth — not a shadow 
of decayed gentility about them. It was rather the reverse, as 
if they were working up from a low rank of life to a higher. 

I looked around the room. It was the bedroom. Every 
thing in it was perfectly neat and orderly. The bed, like the 
crib, was excellent, but not costly. The white counterpane did 
not cost more than two dollars— yet how beautiful it looked. 
The white window curtains were cheap muslin; but their folds 
hung as richly as if they were damask — and how very appropriate 
they seemed. The bath with its snug folding doors, I knew, 
had not cost, plumber's bill and all, more than ten dollars. The 
toilet table, of an elegant form, and completely covered, I had 
no doubt was white pine, and cost half a dollar. The pictures 
on the wall were beautifully tinted lithographs— better, far 
better, than oil paintings I have seen in the houses of millun- 
aires, yet they can be bought for about a dollar, and a 
dollar apiece had framed them. The floor had a carpet that 
seemed to match everything, with its small, neat figure, and a 
light chamber color. It was a jewel of a room, in as perfect 
keeping in all its parts as if an artist had designed it. 

Leaving the little boy to his untroubled sleep, and giving 
directions for his bath, on his waking, we went into the other 
room, which was differently, but just as neatly arranged. It might 
have answered for a parlor, or an artist's studio, or a dining 
room, only it had acooking stove. It was hung with pictures- 
heads, historical pictures, and landscapas; all such as a man of 
taste could select, and buy cheap, but which, like good books, 
are invaluable. And, speaking of books, there was a hanging 
library on one side of the chimney, which a single glance assured 
me contained the very choicest of the English tongue. 

The man went to a bureau, opened a drawer and took out 
some money. 

"What is your fee, Doctor?" he>sked, holding the bills so as 
to select one to pay me. 

Now, I had made up my mind, before I had got halfway up 
.-tairs, that I might have to wait for ruy pay— perhaps never 
get if. but all this had changed. I could not, as I often do, 
inquire into the circumstances of the man, and graduate my 
price accordingly. There he stood, ready to pay me, with 
money enough; yet it was evident tint he was a working man, 
and far from wealthy. 1 had nothing leftbui to name the 
lowest fee. 
"One dollar does not seem enough," said he. "You have 

Baved my child's life, and have been at i e trouble than in 

merely write ;i prescription.' 
'•Do you work for aJiving.'" 1 asked, hoping to solve themys- 
"Youare a i manic?" 1 said, willing to know m i e 




"Take that," said he, placing a two dollar note in my hand, 
with a not-to-be-refused air, "and I will gratify your curiosity, 
for there is no use in pretending that you are not a little cu- 
rious. ' ' 

There was a hearty, respectful freedom about this that was 
irresistible. I put the note in my pocket, and the man, going 
to a door, opened it into a closet of moderate size, and displayed 
the bench and t^ols of a shoemaker. 

"You must be an extraordinary workman," said I, looking 
around the room, which seemed almost luxurious; but when I 
looked at each item I found that it cost very little. 

"No, nothiue extra. I barely manage to earn a little over a 
dollar a day. Mary helps me some. With the house work to 
do, and our boy to look after, she earns enough to make our 
wages average eight dollars a week. We began with nothing 
— we live as you see. 

All this comfort, this respectability, this almost luxury, for 
eight dollars a week. I expressed my surprise. 

"I should be very sorry if we spent so much," said he. 
"We have not only managed to live on that, but we have some 
thing laid up in the savings' bank." 

"Willyouhave the goodness," said I, "just to explain to me 
how you do it?" for I was really anxious to know how a shoe- 
maker and his wife, earning but eight dollars a week, could 
live in comfort and elegance, and lav up money. 

"With pleasure," he replied; "for you may persuade others, 
no bettei off than I am, to make the best of their situation. 

1 took a chair which he handed to me. We were seated, and 
his wife, after going to listen a moment to the soft measured 
breathings of little Willie, sat down to her sewing. 
(To he Continued.) 



THIE nVCILIC TREE. 



The l'ah di Yaca, of Para, is among the loftiest of the 
forest, growing to the hight of a hundred feet and upwards. 
It bears a delicious edible fruit, which has the united flavor 
of strawberries mixed with cream, and its trunk yields as fine 
bowls of milk as those from a cow ! It may appear improbable, 
but sush is the fact, and it is drunk by the people iu large 
quantities, and was used by the officers at the gun room table 
for mixing with tea, in lieu of cow's milk, from which it is in no 
way distinguishable in general use. The milk has a rich, 
white, bland fluid, without odor, and of the taste and flavor 
of common milk. It mixes readily with tea or coffee, without 
curdling or undergoing any change, and in every respect seems 
like cow's milk. Boiling water does not alter it. It keeps 
unaltered six or seven days in the temperature oi 85°. It 
appears to differ from all the known milky juices of plants, and 
to approach in obvious properties to animal milk, from which 
it differs widely in chemical composition, There is no cream 
or caseous (cheesy) matter, [t was kept for eight or ten weeks 
in a bottle at Trinidad, when it separated into a sourish milky 

water and a white solid mass, which when taken out and dried 

n the sun. was : , white inflammable substance, not softening at 
,f the body, meltingal l 13 , tasteless, insoluble 

1 resembling white wax i <■ than any 

i I could compare it. It burned with 



i 

the temperature i 

In water or spirits, am 

other substance to whi 
;l light agreeable flame, without smell, ami was neither grea | 
moU8; an d ii must I-' therefore considered as a kind of 
wax 'I',, complete the marvels of this tree, we must mention. 

that ii ivffords the -i valuable timber for ship building, and 

that it is so u >ed in the dock yard at Para 





150 



CTTT^TIEIKrilljIE] IInTSTBUCTOB. 




U'faj Jjnvenilc Ifnsfriwtoij* 



SALT LAKE CITY, JULY l, 1876. 





EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 

NE of the reasons assigned by the Lord 
for giving unto the Saints the Word of 
Wisdom by revelation was, that evils and 
designs did and will exist in the hearts of 
conspiring men in the last days. He 
warned and forewarned His Saints, so 
that thev might not fall victims to their 
enemies. Where a people buy articles of 
food and drink froru strangers they are 
exposed to dangers, especially if they are a 
people like the Latter-day Saints, whom many 
hate and would like to see destroyed. Some 
years since, when Black Hawk and his band 
were making war upon the settlers in the Sanpete 
aDd Sevier valleys, we were in the company of 
several persons, one of whom was a prominent army 
officer. The conversation turned upon the Indians. 
One of the parties present suggested to the U. S. 
General that he would like to get the contract from the Govern- 
ment to kill, what he called, the "red devils." And what do 
you think was the method by which he proposed to accomplish 
this end? To make them a present of a barrel of whisky 
well poisoned with strychnine ! This proposition he made 
with all seriousness; but to the honor of the officer, he ex- 
pressed his thorough dissapproval of any such plan of dealing, 
even with Indians. 

There have been times in our history as Latter-day Saints 
when feeling and prejudice have been so strong against us that 
many persons would not have hesitated to poison wine and 
whisky, tea and tobacco, or any other article, if they had 
known that we would use it. But aside from any direct inten- 
tion to poison us, we have no doubt there is considerable poi- 
son used in the manufacture of many articles for the general 
consumption of the public. This arises from the system of 
adulteration which has grown to be so common of late years. 
Men are so anxious to make money, and have to sell their 
goods so cheap, that they use poisonous and hurtful compounds 
in manufacturing. In many cities you can scarcely buy good 
flour, and if bread be bought it frequently contains other sub- 
stances besides flour. How would you like to eat bread, the 
flour of which had been mixed with bone dust? Yet it is said 
that in crowded cities in Europe bones are often ground and 
mixed with flour. Sand is mixed with sugar. Chicory and 
other things are mixed with ground coffee. You can scarcely 
buy pure candy, even in the States, especially of the fancy 
kind. Tons upon tons of a fine white clay that is free from 
grit is mixed with sugar in 'he manufacture of fancy candies. 
Tea is notoriously poisonous and impure, and frequently that 
which commands the highest price is the most hurtful. 

Butter is now manufactured out. of tallow, suet, etc.; and 
this is done so naturally that people who are tolerably g oil 
judges of genuine butter are deceived by the bogus stuff. 
The public in the States have to eat most of their butter now 
on trust. They must trust to the honesty of the butter 
dealers, and if they travel and eat at hotels, to the character 
the house where they put up. Even cayenne pepper is 



mixed with other substances so much that you can scarcely 
buy the pure article. With a small bottle of stuff that a 
chemist can furnish, a barrel of brandy can be manufactured; 
while with other substances gin, whisky and other liquors can 
be made; and made so cheaply that enormous profits can be 
gained by its manufacture. Pure liquors are not easily obtained 
in these days. As for pure wines they are almost unknown in 
the market. 

Champagne is a very popular wine in the United States. 
This is supposed to be manufactured in a certain district in 
France. But it all the grapes grown in that district were 
manufactured into champagne wine, and that were shipped to 
the United States, there would not be as much of that wine 
in this country as there is now of wine called by that name. 
But besides the United States, other countries have to be 
supplied. Where, then, does it all come from? It is manu- 
factured, and is called champagne, and is sold as such. So 
with other wines. Beer and ale also are made of substances 
which are injurious. 

You have probably heard of shoddy cloth. The best cloths 
that are now sold in the market have shoddy in them. Manu- 
facturers will tell you that they can put a finer finish on cloth 
when there is shoddy in it than they can when it is made up 
of pure wool. You ask: "What is shoddy?" Shoddy is 
manufactured from old clothes. Men go around and buy up 
woolen rags, old woolen clothes of every description. They 
give a small price for them. And we expect they are not 
particular as to where they get them, or as to who wore the 
clothes. The dirty and the clean are all alike gathered up. 
It is not very pleasant to think about, when one wears shoddy 
cloth, that perhaps that shoddy has been made out of clothes 
that some diseased wretch wore, or that the clothes came from 
some hospital. Wool has sold of late years very high. Two 
or three years ago it sold as high as forty cents a pound, and 
still later it sold at twenty-six cents a pound. But woolen 
rags and old clothes could be bought for two or three cents a 
pound. Shoddy machines tear up these old clothes into short 
wool, and this is woven with longer wool into cloth. Of course, 
as you can understand, the more shoddy there is in cloth the 
cheaper it can be sold. In this way great profits can be made; 
for but little wool is used, and a nice, fine-finished cloth is 
manufactured. If our woolen factories would make shoddy 
cloth, they would not have to buy so much wool. Then they 
would be able to sell their cloth cheaper, and it would look 
smoother and better finished than it does now. But would 
the Latter-day Saints like it better? Perhaps some would, 
for many of them buy shoddy clothes because they are so 
cheap, and turn up their noses at what they call "home-made," 
it looks so coarse! We think, however, that the bulk of the 
Latter-day Saints would prefer that their cloth should be made 
from wool that came directly from the back of an innocent 
sheep than run the risk of having it made from wool that 
perhaps had covered the back or limbs of some filthy, diseased 
wretch, whose very clothes had partaken of his pollution. 

It has been very fashionable of late among people of taste 
to wear coarse clothes. In Great Britain they have been and 
still are all the rage, an ' 'hen the fashion came to this country. 
Now in making such cloth neither short wool nor shoddy can 
be used. Perhaps thai is the reason it has been so fash- 
ionable. At any rate those who wear such doth have reason 
to believe that they are not wearing the cast off clothes of 
some other person. 

When we see how much sham there is in the world, how 
much trickery there is in the manufacture of almost every 





O'TJ'VEIsriniiEI INSTBUOTOR, 



151 




article that is used, how even the very food and other neces- 
saries of life are mixed with foreign substances to injure man 
and to shorten his days, can we wonder at the servants of the 
Lord urging the people to raise their own food and to manu- 
facture everything that they need? Is not the revelation con- 
cerning what is good and what is not good for man Words of 
Wisdom indeed, and which should be obeyed by all? Zion 
must learn to produce and manufacture everything that, we 
eat, drink and wear and use, and not depend upon any person 
for those things; and in all our labors we must practice honesty, 
so that when we have anything to sell, all who buy may know 
that it is pure or well-made. Babylon will be destroyed 
before long, and she deserves to be, for she is full of lies and 
hypocrisy, deceit and corruption. 



RAMBLES AROUlsTD 
COUNCIL BLUFFS. 



BY JAS. A. LITTLE. 




FOR a town of such limited dimensions, Council Bluffs has 
quite a diversity of scenery. Its railroad depots and a 
considerable portion of its dwellings, stores, etc. , are located 
on the level bottom near the Missouri river. The remainder 
of the town runs up into the bluffs, and many of the dwellings 
are in retired coves and romantic glens. Some of these resi- 
dences exhibit considerable elegance, and good taste in their 
occupants, who have all the advantages of a suburban resi- 
dence in close proximity to the town. 

Through the western portion of the town runs Indian alias 
Lousy Creek. The latter name is suggestive of unpleasant 
reminiscences. Surmising there must have been a special 
cause for so unromantie a name, on enquiring I was informed 
that the creek had proved very fickle and changable in its 
character; to-day murmuring along as a harmless rivulet, 
perhaps tomorrow an angry, billowy flood, washing away por- 
tions of its banks, and having but little regard for man's 
profit or convenience. 

On its western bank, and about half a mile in length, runs 
Greene St.; so named in honor of Mr. Evan M. Greene, who 
once resided in its immediate locality. He was one of the 
early pioneers of the place, then called Kanesville, in honor 
of Colonel Thomas L. Kane, who has ever been a friend to 
the persecuted and oppressed. Mr. Greene was also the first 
postmaster of the new settlement. 

From the garden of Mr. Win. Powers, on the east bank of 
the creek, Mrs. Powers pointed out the location of this primi- 
tive P. O.i and also that of the log Tabernacle, in which the 
Priesthood of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints organized the second First Presidency of the Church, 
and in which the writer was ordained a Seventy, under the 
hands of President Joseph Young, in the spring of 1 849. 

On the south-east side of the town is a cove which was first 
occupied by Brother George A. Smith and family. It is still 
known by many as George A's Hollow. Two fine brick man- 
sions, one on each side of the cove, have superseded this 
primitive hamlet. 

Twice I have strolled into Fairview Cemetery. This occu- 
pies a position of a high bluff just out of the town, on the 
west side of Indian Creek. At first I failed to recognize the 
resting place of the '"Mormon" pioneers of this city of the 
dead. On enquiring of a laborer on the grounds, I was 
directed to the summit of the hill; which affords a fine view 



of the city and surrounding country. It would be a close 
observer that could make even an approximate estimate of 
the number buried here. The billets of wood and rude head 
boards, the latter sometimes lettered in memory of the 
departed, are gradually disappearing, leaving only little knobs 
of earth covered with rank grass, scarcely distinguishable 
from the surrounding surface, to indicate where the weary 
wanderers found a resting place. 

Among the rude memorials I found no date farther back 
than 1850. One, on account of family ties and personal 
friendship, interested me more than others. Carved on it 
was the following: 

"John P. Greene, infant son of Evan M. and Susan Greene, 
died Mar. 3, 1852; aged 8 mo. 16 days." 

Memory recalled to my mind that the grandfather and 
namesake of this little waif was prominently connected with 
the early history of the Church. On enquiring of one who 
was a citizen of Nauvoo while it was occupied by the Saints, 
I was informed that he sank under excessive labor and expo- 
sure in helping to protect the Saints in the Nauvoo persecu- 
tions, and found a resting place on the bank of the Mississippi 
river. Perilous times were the heritage of the little one that 
bore his name, and perhaps it was a kindly Providence that 
early released it from sorrows which it was unfitted to endure. 

In reverting to Nauvoo. in imagination I wander over the 
prairies of Iowa for one spot of no small personal interest, 
called at the time of the exodus Richardson's Point. Here 
my eldest brother, Edwin Little, in the full vigor of manhood, 
died from excessive hardships endured in assisting his farail«. 
and friends, driven out in the winter storms by a merciless 
mob, while I was with General Z. Taylor on the frontiers of 
Mexico in defense of the rights of Americcn citizens. 

One more reminiscence of Fairview cemetery. This modern 
village of the dead has its pioneer as well as the neighboring 
one of the living. In the primitive portion of the cemetery 
is a marble head stone which has been broken off near ths 
surface, and lays on the ground. The name and date being 
erased, malicious reports were once in circulation that it had 
been stolen from another grave. Those who circulated this 
report certainly failed to give due weight to the consideration 
that one who would incur great expense and trouble to gratify 
the affections would probably have a proper regard for the 
tender sentiments of others. 

I found a person who had previously made some enquiries 
concerning the matter, and was informed that the head stone 
had been purchased at Trader's Point, some ten miles below 
Council Bluffs, of the owner of an old burial place which had 
been plowed and had its monuments taken away. The grave 
referred to is that of the daughter of Brother Silas Richards. 
.Mrs. Mary Powers informed me that when she first visited the 
cemetery, in L848, it was the only one there. The epitaph 
would be alike appropriate for the lonelv mausoleum of a 
frontier trading post, or the pioneer grave of a "Mormon" 
pilgrim on the top of a high bluff, on the bank of the Missouri 
river, in Western Iowa, twenty-nine years ago: 

"Here, lonely and sad, in this wilderness land, 

Thy parents, resigning, deplore thee; 
Sweet, sweet be thy rest, till thy Savior's command, 

In beauty and youth, shall restore thee." 

On the 12th of May I visited Brother John Mahood and 
family, about six miles east of Council Bluffs. The prairies 
were becoming quite green with the fresh growth of spring. 
The wild fruit trees were in full bloom, and the woods in all 
stages of development, from the bursting bud to nearly th 



II 





152 



jTT'V'Eiisrxx^m htstbtjctob 





full grown leaf. Brother Mahood's residence lo ^u^.'.etely 
enveloped in the forest. 

From sunset until early dawn, whenever sleep gave way to 
consciousness, might be heard the echoing whip-poor-will, 
with a peculiar curt accent to the last note, as if the wakeful 
night bird was half angry with itself for the everlasting mo- 
notony of its song. At early dawn it seemed to retire from 
active life, and was succeeded by the ceaseless twitter and 
merrymaking of such a numberless variety of birds that every 
tree and shrub of the forest seemed turned to music. 

On a farm, now owned by Mr. Joshua Gregg, a little over 
a mile from the residence of Mr. Mahood is a quiet cove, 
open on the east but otherwise surrounded by hills covered 
with timber. Abruptly jutting into this vale on the south 
side is a prominent well defined point. A few large trees of 
linn and elm, which have lived through the storms and prairie 
fires of a century or more, are filled in with a thick and late 
growth of small timber. On the end of the point, and about 
half way up it, is a large linn tree with several small ones 
growing from the roots on the east side of it. About ten feet 
rather south-east of these was a head board of black walnut. 
It had decayed at the surface of the ground and fallen over. 
The following inscription carved in the wood was still legible: 
"In memory of Solomon Haucock who died Dec. 2, 18-17." 

The surface of the ground indicated that there had been a 
number ot other interments in close proximity. Two or three 
were still standing, and several more partially decayed were 
lying around. 

I was informed that several families of exiles from Nauvoo 
built their cabins in this sheltered nook, and in their weak 
condition mutually assisted each other in cultivating the earth 
to raise food and recruit their wasted energies. Appearances 
indicate that quite a heavy percentage of them found a resting 
place in this romantic spot. 

This little mausoleum, now being rapidly hidden by the 
growth of a young forest and its annual fall of leaves, is an- 
other silent way mark, which may soon be forgotten, of the 
early pioneers of western civilization. They are too rapidly 
disappearing. Time will make them more sacred and they 
will have an interest to the future traveler and historian which 
now sleeps, because they have scarcely passed from the present. 
On the Kith of last May I visited Florence on the west side 
of the Missouri river, six miles above Omaha. It is now a 
town only in name. The few houses which indicate thrift are 
generally the houses of successful cultivators of the soil. A 
majority of the houses are in a dilapidated condition, and there 
is no future prospect of the place being anything more than an 
agricultural district. Here, after the Saints were expelled 
from Nauvoo, they went into "Winter Quarters," in the fall 
of 1846. It was then Indian territory. Log cabins,' "dug- 
outs" and shelter in every available form were hastily con- 
structed. Many of these hastily made dwellings very imper- 
fectly sheltered their inmates from the storms of winter. In 
the constitutions of many the seeds of death were already 
-own by hunger, exposure (o the elements and over exertion. 
To obtain the necessary food from Missouri severely taxed 
their slender resources, and the food when obtained was often 
inadequate to their wants, both in quantity and quality. Much 
..f their Buffering may be attributed to the barbarous action of 
ill general government in demanding, in June 1840, five 
hundred of their best men for the Mexican war. This act had 
not even the plea of necessity mi the part of the government, 
fur many volunteers had been previously rejected because not 
wanted. Thus the general government, which should have 



protected them from persecution, was used as a tool by un- 
principled men to increase their calamities. As this scene is 
not pleasant to dwell on, we will drop it, knowing that govern- 
ments as well as individuals must reap the fruit of what they 
sow. Death found a ready feast prepared for him in this for- 
lorn camp in the western wilderness. 

The only mark that I could recognize of this dark period of 
the history of the Church on my late visit was the cemetery 
over the hill west of the town. About all that was recogniz- 
able there were the many little inequalities ot the ground which 
indicate that it had been disturbed. That was no time for 
chiseled urns or marble monuments in memory of the departed. 
The weak and debilitated survivors were many of them barely 
able to perform the lites of burial, and ap unhewn stake, or 
rude head board was all they could afford to mark the spot 
where the remains ot the loved ones were deposited. Decay 
and prairie fires have destroyed nearly the last vestige of these. 

The spot has been set apart by the citizens of Florence for 
a cemetery, and in 1873 they enclosed about two and a half 
acres of the ground with a good board fence. 



m lo 



n r a it h it 



«j o s x^:f ih: s :ve x t ih: , 

PROPHET. 



TPIIE 



( Continued. ) 

WE wish our little friends to always remember the manner 
in which Joseph received the authority to baptize men 
and women. He did not get the authority from any Church or 
any man that lived on the earth. He received it from heaven. 
This is the great difference between our Church — the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints — and all the other Churches 
known among men. This Church is properly organized, 
according to God's will and direction, He having given all 
necessary commandments on this subject; and the authority by 
which it is built up is pure, it having come direct from Him, 
through the heavenly beings whom He sent to the earth. 

It was because this authority came from God, that Satan and 
wicked men hated and persecuted Joseph, and all those who 
believed his words, when he was alive, and that they still hate 
and persecute the Saints. 

After Joseph and Oliver Cowdery had been ordained and 
baptized, the spirit of persecution became very strong in the 
neighborhood where they were living. Professors of religion 
threatened to mob them, and they would have done so had it 
not been for Joseph's wife's family. But their threats did not 
prevent Joseph from pursuing his labors. Besides continuing 
to translate the Book of Mormon, he and Oliver reasoned with 
the people out of the scriptures, and convinced some of the 
truth. 

In June, 1820, David Whitmer came to the place where they 
were residing, and desired them to go with him to his father's 
place, in Fayette, Seneca County, New York, and the family 
would assist Joseph in his labors. Joseph complied with the 
invitation and remained there until the translation of the Book 
of Mormon was completed. The people in that neighborhood 
were friendly disposed, and listened with willingness to the 
truths which Joseph taught them. In (he same mouth in which 
they moved there they baptized several persons, among the 





JTJYE1TILE IFSTRTJOTOB 



153 




rest Joseph had the pleasure of baptizing his brother Hyrum. 
His brother Samuel H. Smith had been baptized at Harmony, 
Pennsylvania, before they moved to Fayette. From this time 
forward they continued to baptize. 

In the beginning of the Book of Mormon you will see the 
testimony of three witnesses, Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer 
and Martin Harris. These men were very anxious to be the 
three witnesses to the Book of Mormon, which that Book 
(English edition, page 102) speaks about. God granted unto 
them that desire. An angel of God brought the plates unto 
them and turned over the leaves one by one, so that they could 
see them and the engravings which were upon them. They 
also had the privilege of seeing the breastplate which was in 
the box with the plates, and the sword of Laban (see Book of 
Mormon, page 8, English edition) and the Urim and Thuui- 
mim. Eight other witnesses also gave their testimony, which 
is also published in the Book of Mormon. Their names are 
Christian Whitmer, Jacob Whitmer, Peter Whitmer, Jr., 
John Whitmer, Hiram Page, Joseph Smith, Sen., Hyrum 
Smith and Samuel H. Smith. They testify that Joseph showed 
them the plates and that they handled them. These, including 
Joseph, made twelve men who were witnesses to the Book of 
Mormon. 

When the translation of the Book was finished Joseph made 
arrangements for five thousand copies to be printed. It was 
published at Palmyra, Wayne Co., New York. 

The sixth day of April. 1830, was the day appointed by the 
Lord for the organization of the Church. In the meantime 
Joseph and Oliver Cowdery had received the fulfillment ot the 
promise respecting the Melchised'eck priesthood. Peter, James 
and John bestowed upon them the apostleship. On the day 
mentioned the Church was organized, at Fayette, Seneca 
County, New York, with six members. Their names were 
Joseph Smith, Jun., Oliver Cowdery. Hyrum Smith, Peter 
Whitmer, Jun. , Samuel H. Smith and David Whitmer. Bread 
and wine were partaken of, in memory of the Lord's death, and 
Joseph and Oliver Cowdery were ordained and were received 
by the Church, by vote, as their spiritual teachers — Foseph as 
the first Elder and Oliver Cowdery as the second Elder of the 
Church; then hands were laid on those who had been baptized 
for the Holy Ghost to be bestowed upon them. 

Thus was a true and living Church once more organized upon 
the earth — a Church which God could call His own, and in which 
His power and gifts and blessings could be manifested. 

Children, yon can see what a glorious reward Joseph received 
in answer to his faith. In the Bible (.lames 5th chapter. 16th 
verse) we are told that "the effectual fervent prayer of a right- 
eous man availeth much." Joseph's prayers, while yet a boy, 
had been of great avail; they brought blessings upon himself and 
upon all mankind who loved the truth. Through his faith bo 
bad boon enabled to obtain light, knowledge and certainty upon 
subjects of which the world bad boon ignorant for generations; 
ami the heawns had been opened to him, and the gospel ami 
priesthood, which are very great blessings to all mankind, if 
they will receive them. Joseph loved the truth and would 
rather die than be false to it; and. therefore, the Lord chose 
him to be His servant and placed him at the head of His king- 
dom on the earth. 

The example which Joseph gave unto .-ill men should not.be 

(;,: iten by any little boy or girl who loves God and desires to 

be His child. By reading his history children can see thai t 
be truly great, to be beloved of God and of all good people, they 
must love the truth and be willing to endure all things forits sake. 

( To be (Jnuli lined.) 



SOIE1TOE ^isru 

LATTOIT. 



IR,:E3"V"E- 




BY J. L. BARFOOT. 



* R. William Crookes, a Fellow of the Royal Society of 
Great Britain, has made some wonderful discoveries in 
relation to light. We who are Latter-day Saints have long 
since been informed, by a revelation given to Joseph Smith, 
concerning the nature of light. As early as Dec. 27, 1832, 
soon after the Church was organized, this remarkable revela- 
tion was given, in which much more is revealed respecting the 
varied properties of light than has yet been discovered by the 
aid of science. But there is so much made known and verified 
by scientific methods that it is well to show the harmony 
existing between science and revelation in relation to light. 

In the outset Mr. Crookes speaks of "light as in some 
respects the highest of the powers of Nature." Here is 
what revelation says: "And the light which now shineth, 
which giveth you light is through him who enlighteneth your 
eyes, which is the same light that quickeneth your understand- 
ing; which light proceedeth forth from the presence of God 
to fill the immensity of space. The light which is in all 
things; which giveth life to all things; which is the law by 
which all things are governed; even the power of Cod who 
sitteth upon his throne," etc. 

Now, there is much stated here that, as yet, science has not 
proved; but of the power of light, of its capability of being 
"converted into motion," of its "transformation into countless 
forms of vegetable, animal and human activity." there are 
ample evidences presented in the discoveries made by Mr. 
Crookes. 

To generate motion by the action of light has been the 
problem to be solved; efforts to discover a method to accom- 
plish this have long been made by scientists. Mr. Crookes 
has hit upon a very simple plan to make a machine to In- 
moved by the action of light. It consists of very light pith 
liars, suspended in glass tubes, from which the air is exhausted. 
It is found that small blackened disks of pith are very sensi- 
tive to light. They are pushed from equilibrium, or set in 
motion by it. Thus light is proved to be a motive power, or 
force, a thing which has all along been suspected and admitted 
to be true, but up to this time never been proved. Thus Mr. 
Crookes proves that the light of a candle lias :l known power, 
the light of two candles has double that power, and SO on. 
The power of the light of a lamp may be also proved, also 
that of the electric and any other kind of light. Even the 
pressure exerted by sunshine may 1 e calculated, the pressure 
upon every Equare foot ol the earth's surface amounting to 
thirty-two grains, or titty -seven tons to a square mile of 
surface. 

If there is this wonderful and universal sustaining power 
from the light of the sun. of which there is ample proof in the 
experiments of Mr. Crookes, no wonder the earth is supported 
upon this wave of light. "The earth rolls upon her wings, ' 
says the revelation; the earth is home upward by a light force, 
says scienae, "sufficient to knock theearth outol itsorbitif 
it came upon it suddenly." 

It is interesting to see the results of the efforts 1 eing made 
by men of thought to discover the bidd< i b of nature, 
an d W e need not be surprised to find the revelations 
through the prophet Jos< ph Smith proved to be true. Feeing 
thattheywere given bj the spirit of truth which proceeded 

from the father and the Son. 





154: 



OTTJ-VEISriLE] "'HTSTBUOTOE,. 



n 



tares 



rom a 



4pg § 



BT G. M. 0. 



CONCEPTION BAY. 




Second in importance only to Valparaiso, commercially, also 
better protected, and the natural port of a far mere pro- 
ductive section of Chili, is the bay of Conception, or Talcahuano, 
as it is sometimes called. This beautiful bay is sis miles long 
and abouc four wide, with anchorage ground everywhere, and 
abundant space for sheltering double the number of storm- 
beaten vessels that seek its protection and drop in to recruit 
exhausted stores, after battling and braving the hardships of a 
passage around the Horn. At the north-west extremity of 
the bay, blocking up a portion of the entrance, is the island of 
Karakina, nearly three miles in length and one mile broad at 
its widest part. Between this island and the promontory that 
forms the western boundary of the bay is a channel over halt 
a mile across. The main channel is over two miles wide and 
is to the eastward of the i>land. The towns, of Penco, Lirquen 
and Tome are situated on the east side of the bay and are 
mere military posts, or fishermen's villages, frequented only by 
coasting vessels They all belong to the customs district of 
Talcahuano, the chief town and port of Conception, situated on 
the south-west side of the bay. The city of Conception is 
situated in the valley of ''la Mocha" on the bank of a little 
stream called the Biobio about three leagues from the sea. 
The city was originally founded by Valdivia, in 1550, at the 
native village or port of Ptnco; but being destroyed by the 
brave Araucanos, and, after being rebuilt, on two subsequent 
ions overwhelmed by the sea during extraordinary earth- 
quakes, its inhabitants removed to the present site in 1704. 
Misfortune however still pursued them; the great earthquake 
which occurred in 1835 again totally destroyed their city, and 
to this day they have not repaired the Ins. The city still 
remains only partially rebuilt. Penco, the first Spanish city 
a Son hern Chili, the pride of its founders, still lies in ruins, 
a few fishermen only inhabiting huts reared amid the crumbling 
walls of fortifications, churches, convents and dwellings. 

Our old -hip the Pandora dropped her anchor in this bay 
one April morning, twenty-five years ago. she was freighted 
for trading, her cargo consisting of a generd variety of notions — 
tea, coffe sugar, molasses, spices, hardware, crockery-ware, 
tin-ware, cutlery, boots and shoes, saddles and bridles, calicoes 
and cottons, crapes and silks, watches and jewelry, spirits of 
all kinds, in fact nearly everything from a needle to a steam 
pump. The people of the country are so thriftless and idle 
they can make nothing tfor themselves, and pay traders from 
England and the United States an advance of three and four 
hundred per cent on articles that could easily be manufactured 
by themselves. As we expected to do considerable trading, 
which would oraupy several weeks' time, the sails were unbent 
and royal yards struck, boats hoisted out and secured to the 
swinging booms, decks cleared and hatches opened for the 
inspection of the cargo by the custom house officers. This 
occupied the greater part of the day, and it was not until the 
evening when work had ceased that I had the opportunity of 
admiring the beautiful scenery surrounding us. Talcahuano 
looked very picturesque, its whitewashed houses sparkling in 
the glow ot the setting sun, and relieved by the dark green 
hill gently rising in rear of the town. Several years since the 




old town was destroyed by an earthquake, and a large portion of 
it sunk; and where it once stood is now out a low marshy waste. 
The whole face of the country presents a rolling appearance! 
with here and there high hills covered with verdure, and far 
off in the distance towers the snowy peaks of the Andes. The 
climate is delightful and the soil very productive. Wheat is 
raised in large quantities; also potatoes, peaches, apples, grapes, 
pears and melons in abundance. Several ships, principally 
whalemen and vessels from California, the former here to 
recruit preparatory for a long cruise in the South Seas, the 
latter after flour for the San Francisco market, lay in the bay, 
their tall spars and black hulls reflecting mirror-like in the 
smooth, still waters. 

When we visit a country for the first time our attention is 
not at first called to any of its prominent features. The eye 
and mind seems to take in all that is presented without par- 
ticularizing; but as we become more familiar with the surround- 
ings, individual peculiarities or objects attract our attention and 
create an interest and desire in our minds to become more 
familiar or better acquainted with them and their history. 
Conception Bay was historic. Every league of its shore had 
been made interesting by the original inhabitants, those brave 
Araucanos who fought so successfully for their liberty and iude. 
pendence. Here has occurred some of the most severe and de- 
structive earthquakes. And here was witnessed the rolling in of 
those great tidal waves when the ocean burst its bounds and 
swept over the land, seemingly as if to submerge it forever. 

A few evenings after our arrival while enjoying myself on 
the forecastle, inhaling the wholesome breeze, regaling on the 
delicious fruit and trying to collect all the historic facts that I 
had read relating to the Spanish occupation of the country, I 
was approached by Tom Taunton, one of our watch, who 
called my attention to four or five hulks moored in line, not 
three cable's lengths from us. These hulks had attracted my 
attention before, from the fact that they were all brigs or 
schooners, and of small tonnage, and not at all likely to be 
selected on that account to be used as store ships; but I had 
been informed that owing to the high rates imposed by the 
government on imports, and the susceptibility of bribery on 
the part of the custom house officers, considerable smuggling 
was carried on all aloug the coast. Occasionally a vessel was 
seized either iu the act or as being suspicious, the crew discharg- 
ed, the officers imprisoned, thecargo taken ashore to be stolen or 
to spoil and the vessel moored in the bay to rot until the case 
was argued before the courts and decided a lawful or unlawful 
seizure, which decision was never or rarely given. The vessels 
referred to by Tom had evidently been lying in the bay for some 
years. All were dismantled; only one or two of the brigs had 
a lower yard crossed. The numerous birds frequenting the 
harbor had made roosts of them, and, coated with their excre- 
ments, the vessels looked like arctic craft, snow covered and 
abandoned. 

Said Tom: "You see that clipper built brig, the third in the 

■ row? Well, I had quite an adventure on that craft about five 

years ago; and, as I know you are fond of a yarn, and we have 

the forecastle to ourselves, we'll light our pipes, and I'll reel 

you one off. ' ' 

As nothing suited me better than a yarn from an old "shell- 
back," we stowed ourselves on a hawser by the cathead and 
Tom commenced his story. 

To be Continued. 



What a pleasure it is to give! There would be no rich peo- 
ple if they were capable of feeling this. 





J-TT^nEIDsriXjIE] IITSTBTJCTOB. 



155 




ANTHEM 



Allegretto dolce 



'COME, LET US GO TO THE MOUNTAIN OF THE LORD.'' 

By E. Stevens. 



-fe- 



-m — m-S— 



m. 



U-—H- 



F 



p 



£ 



:i= 



=1: 



cres 

■^-- fr -l— fr_E=jfc 



is go to the mountain of the Lord, Let us go to the mountain of the 



p Come, 



come let us 



H? * ' — I- 



!p-=Pj=pp=piqBzztpi=pr 



:pi 



:«=p— p.ip. 
z£=cr=t^£ 



£=2 



=t 



*-, 



Lord / 

m 



^— - q =^^=====qp=^^==zr=^z=p==prrrgz:qirp~pirp3p^i^ir.^3^r}=rz| ; q 






:*rJ- i; - S iPr 



-p— i — -a-q — i — - T — -j — ^— » — Sr— *-q— ^-p-«--»— -=— d?-s = q— *- 



Sa 



Hrq_ J — J,— pr=?ptr=| 

^EpEE?EE*HpEeI 



«-t=tzr 



:ff=ff=£=d 



Lord, Come, come come let us go to the mountain of the Luid, let us go to the house of Jacoh's 



_<a_ 



&£=J±^ 



-P- 



JE3g*=gEg=g=j^g= ^g =f 



*=£= 



3=1= 



1 



l*=r 



ir-gfe- 



~£r- 



A~'—\ i===^j=t=g- 



[tfcq=| 



n 



&=^^li^E^E^gS=ife=^^ 



And He will teach us, will teach |as |of His ways PP 



St 



+ 



n — 1 = 



:^=S=S= 



1& 



5=3= 



And He wi 



* 



± 



:p=P=n 



3= 



teach us, will teach us of His ways 



H=7i 



«: 



Hiii^ii 



==i: 



z^r=:—J 



I 



:S= 



ZC2Z 



dim 



=3= 



ev-er in His paths, and we will walk for-ev-cr 



:g= 



His 



pith '. 



WT-W^ 



2|i 



*= 



= 



=t= 



=P=: 



==E=t 



£=*=z£z 



*=. 



m 



3^=P==B= 



Allegro spiritoso 

:bjg=i=^^=qr=^===pirp^=dr=^zq-p=q=gt^q= 



:e^: 



*i=.*=3=^-iirsS^= 



from Je 



EE6 



i£iE^ 



For the law 



gF5EE*E=3E 






-pc 






fro 



|^ llUill uc in 



shall IJO forth from /ion ami the word of the Lord from Je - rusalem, and the 



] 



lem ,, 



ligrJii^iiiliiSiiirilpi 
liltallflieiill 






I | s - ft 



IM 



; b i i I- -pT-^=d? #=p^ ^ 



— PfFfeJ r F 



; 




— -b * *> " p 

word of the Lord from Je - ru - salem, and the word of the Lord from Je 





156 



J- XJ V E 1ST I I_. B IFSTBUOTOE/ 




- P^ig — I— pa^qe 1 — P~ 



-* — S<- 



S 






q=p2zz=— : 







*J- 






slow 



±3 



=<=t 



=idd= 



r'in 



4-[ 






Lord from Je 



£3e 



ru - sa - leui. 

-<=2- 



nien, 



=1= 



=P- 



:z2: 



3=E 



is: 



THE OLXO-ZFCG-Y "MI-A-ICT- 



speed 




He was a queer old-fogy man, 

And loved old-fogy ways; 
And railed against the reckles 

Of these fast modern days. 
He once could travel leisurely, 

And stop, his friends to hail; 
But now they rushed him through hy steam, 

And :ode him on a rail. 

That good old coach was fast enough 

For prudent folk to go; 
Impatient men now laugh at it, 

And say 'twas rather slow; 
And so they rush upon the train, 

And speed like thought away, 
Until a smash-up breaks their bones; 

He thinks it doesn't pay. 

He loved old housewives' spinning wheels; 

The music of their hum 
"Was far more dear to his old ear 

Than grand-piano thrum. 
But ah! he sighs, those wheels are gone 

Since Whitney made his gin; 
No more we hear their thrifty hum — 

No more the sisters spin ! 

The rosy girls of olden time, 

Sunburnt, were firmer made 
Than these, the late and tender shoots 

That grow up in the shade; 
They did their mother's heavy work, 

And eased her weary hands; 
And sometimes, too, if brothers failed, 

Could help to do a man's. 

Their dresses, made with easy fit, 

Gave not a pain beneath; 
Their hearts had ample room to beat, 

Their lungs had room to breathe— 
Unlike our present girls, with waists 

Too much compressed and slight, 
Who, if they do not dissipate, 

Are very often "tight." 

They let not Fashion dwarf their forms, 

But grew to comely size, 
And health shone ever on their brows 

And sparkled from their eyes; 
They thanked kind heaven for all its gifts, 

And thought, with secret pride, 
That they wire beautiful enough, 

And they were satisfied. 

But now, our modern girls, alas! 

Think Providence unkind 
For putting too much in the midst, 

And not enough behind; 
And so they bustle round, and lace, 

To mend such clumsy ways, 
And think they far out-shine the girls 

Of good old-fogy days. 



He wished, ho said, for their sweet sakes. 

That Fashion's torturing vise 
Would ease them up a little, and 

Less pinching would suffice; 
That the}- might feel the bounding health 

Around the heart that plays, 
When all unfettered, as it was 

In good old-fogy days. 



SUNDAY IT_. IE s s o nsr s 

FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TF'tS HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XXXV. 



Q. — When Sidney Rigdon and others of his congregation were 
willing to receive the gospel, what was done? 

A. — They were baptized for the remission of their sins. 

Q. — When did Sidney Rigdon visit Joseph Smith? 

A. — In December, 1830. 

Q.. — Where was Joseph living at this time? 

A. — In Fayette, Seneca Co., N. Y. 

Q. — Did Sidney Rigdon tal. e anyone with him? 

A. — He took a man by the name of Edward PaHridge. 

Q. — During their visit co Joseph, what happened? 

A. — Joseph Smith baptized Edward Partridge. 

Q. — What office was he ordained to while there? 

A.— He was ordained to be the first Bishop of the Church. 

Q. — When Sidney Rigdon and Edward Partridge returned to 
Kirtland, who went with them? 

A. — Joseph Smith and his family. 

Q. — In what month did they arrive there? 

A. — In February, 1831. 

Q. — After the prophet Joseph removed to Kirtland who else 
went there* 

A. — The Saints from New York and other places. 

Q.— Why did they go there'' 

A. — Because the Lord had chosen Kirtland as a stake of Zion 
and a place of gathering. 

Q. — When and where was the second conference held? 

A. — On the 2nd of January, 1831, in the town of Fayette. 

Q.— How many members of the Church were there about this 
time? 

A. — Between seventy and one hundred. 

JTJ-VEZSTILE IUSTRUOTOR 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST &, FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy : per Annum — - $2,00. 

On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

.^©"Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




