



T H IE 






H 




Si 




>/b 


* (t K 


1? 




fe 


3 




n 


E 


75 


! 


•a 


li 3 




rfr 




h 




w 



# 



M 



JUVENILE 



INSTRUCTOR 



A Semi-Monthly Illustrated Paper, 



DESICNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUTH. 



c4 



tfl 



TO 



•3 



Ijut with all thy getting get understanding. — SOLOJ/TOJT. 
c £here is no excellence without labor. 



ELDER GEORQE Q,. C^-IsT^TOIsr, ZEIDITOIR,. 





VOLUME TWO— FOR THE YEAR 1867. 



IV 



■ *< tcc ew»-" — 



Published by GEORGE <l. CASTHON, 

GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH TERRITORY, 




r> ^/\n,^n-C/V^ 






*>* — a 




Digitized by the Internet Archive 

in 2011 with funding from 

Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 



http://www.archive.org/details/juvenileinstruct01geor 



CONTEXTS. 



Anecdote of Jenny Lind, 43 

Atmosphere, The 47, 104, 109, 114 

Advice to a Grandchild, 88 

An appeal to the Lord, 96 

Always busy, 102 

American Fork, Remarks at, by Bishop Harrington 106 

An Acrostic, 114 

Anger, A cure for 152 

"Rook of Mormon Sketches, 10, 30, 46, 54, 62, 70, 77. 84 

Bible Questions, 16, 28, 44, 60, 68, 84, 92, 101, 116, 132, 140, ] Gardening, 102 



Friendship 112 

Friend, The Lord has always been my 118 

Finding of Moses, The 33 

Good Example, A 21 

Golden Calf, The worship of the 49 

Good words are better than hard blows, 51 

Good Manners, 68 

Gold and Tinsel, 80 

Good Motto, A 99 



148, 156, 164, 172, 189 
Bright Future, The 24 
Beautiful Incident, A 71 
Brightening all it can, 88 
Be active, 104 

Brave boy and the coward, The 108 
Bird on the gate post, The little 136 
Bubbles, 142 

Benefits, Remembrance of pa«t 152 
Believing but not understanding, 183 
Bell of Moscow, The great 169 

Correspondence, 8. 16, 24, 40, 48, 64, 72, 77, 120,144, 160, 167 
Catechism, 8, 24, 28, 40, 44, 60, 68, 76, 92, 100, 103, 124, 133, 

148, 165, 180 
Caravan, The 13 
Curious Letter, A 27, 34, 42, 50 
Cheerful Obedience, 67 
Candy, 70 

Chicken's mistake, The 78 
Children, obey your parents, 91 
Cold Journey, A 125, 130 
Cape Town, 126 
Crystal Palace, The 153 
Children, 168 
Cotton, 192 

Disobedient Prophet, The 1 
Disobedience to Counsel, 54 
Do what 'Ma tells you, 56 
David and Goliath, 57, 65 
Dream and its Fulfilment, A 74 
Deer, The 81 
Do you Pray? 85 
Dog, A Noble 152 
Drops of Crystal Water, 158 
Drawing of Lots, The 161 
Dogs, Stories about 86, 176 

Editorial Thoughts 4, 12, 20, 28. 36, 44, 52, 60, 70, 84, 92, 

100, 108, 116, 124, 132, 140, 148, 156, 164, 172, 180, 188 
Earthquakes, 1 1 
Esquimaux Boy, An 22 

English Language, A short History of the 95, 101 
Eniest, To 128 
Echo, An 173 
Elephant, The 181 



Few of my own thoughts, A 
Father, A Letter from 86 
Fishes in Convention, The 93 



88 



177, 186 
, 03, 71, 

183, iai 



Good Children blest, 138 

Good Child's wish, The 160 

George, Little (See Little George,) 

Household Treasures, 86 

Horse and Stag, The 102 

How two put ten thousand to flight, 105 

History of Jesus, 107, 117, 133, 147, 156, 105, 173, 177, lg8 

How to know a goose, 131 

"He never told a lie," 158 

Hints about health, 162 

Hard Words, 191 

Harrington Bishop, Remarks by 106 

Incidents of Zion's Camp, 30 

Industry, 94 

Isaac and Rebekah, 1S5 

Jesus, His'ory of 107, 117, 133, 147, 156, 165, 173, 
Joseph Smith the Prophet, 7, 15, 23, 31, 39, 47, ob 

79,87,103,111, 119, 127, 135, 143, 159, 167, 175 
Jerusalem, Roman Conquest of 17 
Jacob and Esau, The Meeting of 21 
Joseph Sold by his Brethren, 25 
Juvenile Instructor, Lines to the 64 
Jonathan and David, The Friendship of 73 
Jephthah and his Daughter, 121 
Journey, A Cold 125, 130 

Keep a Journal, 5 
Kangaroo, The 29 

Little George, 2, 19, 29, 141, 145, 156, 166, 174, 182, 189 

Last days of Tangerode 6 

Leopard, The 61 

Light i-i the window, A 79 

Little Hattie 96 

Letter to Celestia and Eugenia 136 

Little Willie, 139, 150, 179 

Moses, The Finding of 33 
Maelstrom, The 36 
My Father Dear, 40 
My First Mission, 59, 09, 82, 90, 109 
Moth and the Candle, The 83 
Mouse Mill, A 134 
Morning hour, The 154 
Moscow, The Great Bell of 169 

Niagara, The falls of 37 

No time like the present, 102 



Our New Form, 4 
HISTORIAN'S OFFICE LIBRARY 

The Otiuich of Imu* Chrtat at UHwdav Saints 

100$ 



Old year, good bye, 8 

Our Dixie, 16 

Oracles, 26 

Oven Bird, The 61 

Owl, The 69 

One of Baby's teachers, 74 

Our helpers, 90 

Obituary, 184 

Politeness at home, 101 

Prophet who fled from the Lord, The 131 

Playing Truant, 119 

Prophets and their difficulties, 129 

Plain Speaking, 151 

Pity to have an empty seat, 179 

Poetry, S, 16, 24, 32, 40, 48, 56, 62, 64, 67, 72, 78, SO, 85, 86, 

88, 91, 96, 102, 104, 112, 120, 126, 128, 136, 138, 139, 142, 147, 

151, 158, 160, 168, 1S4, 192 

Ruth and Naomi, 9 

Roman conquest of Jerusalem, 17 

Rainbow, The 34 

Red Sea, The passage of the 41 

Reminiscences of my mother, 75 

Running away from home, 78 

Reflections on visiting a Sunday School, 115, 

Rhodes Major, Address by 122 

Snake, The 18 

Snow Storm, The 32 

Selfishness 45 

Secret, The 46 

Salutation, 48 

Step Mother Wren, The 62 

Slang Phranes, 66 

Song of the Little Ones, 67 

Solomon, The wisdom of 97 

Self Instruction, 118 

Summer, 126 

Surnames, 134 

Steplienson, Life of George 137, 146, 135, 198, 171, 181,187, 



Spider, The Raft 138 
Seribliog and Scrawling, 168 
Santa Claus, 192 
Squirrel, The caged, 151 

Tbe Little Girl that saves her Money, 53 

True Story for Little Folks, A 61 

Tehgraph from Heaven, A 68 

Tobacco, 77 

The two little Girls, 93 

Thorn in the Pillow, A 149 

Thunder Shower, The 150 

Uncle Gregory's Visits, 42, 50, 58, 67, 89, 98, 110, 115, 127, 

133, 142, 149, 170, 178, 190, 
Uncle George, A Letter from 117 

Volcanoes, 5 
Vision, A 13 
Valuable Table, A 51 
Voice of a stranger, The 59 
Voice of God, The 158 

What is worth doing, is worth doing well, 37 

Wolf, The 53 

Weber Valley, 72 

Why? What for? 98 

Wading the brook, 120 

Word to Lads, A 125 

Welcoming Spring, 52 

Zebra, The 45 

Zion's Camp, Incidents of 30 



:e :r, :r,.^t .a. 



Page 41, column 1, line 3, for "his consent" read, Pharaoh * 

consent. 

Page 57, column 1, line 18, for "south-east" read, south- 
west. 

Page 169, column 1, line 4, for "22,18S tons" read, 221 tons. 



" BUT WITH ALL THY.GETTING 
GET UNDERSTANDING." 




THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL' 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 18G7. 



NO. 1. 



THE Horse's Petition. — A story is told, in ancient books, 
of a king who had a bell put up, so that any one who was 



injured by another, might ring it, when the king assembled 
the wise men that justice might be done. From long use, the 
lower end of the rope was worn away, and a piece of wild vine 
fastened on to length- 
en it. It so happened T ZE3I IE DISOBEDIEUT 

that a knight had a 

noble horse, which had 
served him long and 
well, but having grown 
old and useless, was 
meanly and cruelly 
turned out on the com- 
mon to take care of 
himself. Driven by 
hunger, the horse be- 
gan biting at the vine, 
when the bell rang out 
loud and clear; and lo! 
the wise men assem- 
bled, and finding that 
it was a half-starved 
horse that was sound- 
ing the call, and thus 
asking for justice, 
though he knew it not, 
examined into his case, 
and decreed that the 
knight whom he had 
served in his youth, 
should feed and care 
for him in his old age! 
And the king confirm- 
ed the decree, adding 
to it a heavy fine if 
the knight neglected 
his duty to the faith- 
ful animal. — Selected. 

A little boy, who 
sat listening to some 
gentlemen conversing 
at his father's tabic, 
heard one of them 
quote the well-known 
line: "An honest 
man's I he noblest Work 
of God," when he said, 
that he didn't believe 
it, for his mother was 
better than any man 
that ever was made. 



How to be Loved. — What makes everybody love you so?" 
asked a fond father of his little daughter, only six years of age, 
as he took her up in his arms and kissed her. 

"I don't know, indeed, papa," she answered sweetly, "unless 
it is because I love everybody. ' ' 



IPIROIPHIiET. 




^1^5 ''"'"■ '■''Lrt^ - "-— _ 



OT long after the rebellion of the Ten Tribes against Rehoboam, the son 
of Solomon, Jeroboam, who had been chosen by the rebels to be their 
king, became alarmed fur the safety of his kingdom. Solomon had built 
the House of the Lord at Jerusalem, and the people had been in the habit 
of going there from all parts of the kingdom to oiler sacrifices unto the 
Lord and to worship Him. The city of Jerusalem, where the House of 

the Lord stood, was ill the kingdom of Rehoboam, il being the chief city 
of the tribe of Judah, to which tribe Kchoboain, and his father Solomon 
and grandfather David, belonged. Jeroboam, knowing that the people 



B 







J- TT ^T IB I£T I ID IE I1TSTRUCTOB 



were in the habit of going to Jerusalem, said in his heart, if 
the people who have chosen me king, should continue to go up 
to attend to their sacrifices and worship at the House of the 
Lord at Jerusalem, then their hearts will turn again unto their 
lord, king Rehoboam, and they will kill me. So he made two 
calves of gold, and put one in Bethel and the other in Dan, and 
said to his people: It is too much for you to go up to Jerusa- 
lem: behold thy gods, Israel, which brought thee up out of 
the land of Egypt. And the people, instead of going to 
worship the God of heaven at Jerusalem, listened to their king 
and went to Bethel and Dan to worship the calves which he bad 
set up as gods for them. 

One day, after he had built the altar at Bethel for his calf- 
god, he was standing beside it to offer incense, and a prophet of 
God out of Judah came there. This prophet had been sent by 
the Lord to Bethel to declare His word; but he had been 
charged not to eat any bread or drink any water in that place, 
and he was not to come back from Bethel by the same way that 
he went there. When he reached Bethel, he found Jeroboam 
at the altar, and he cried against the altar and told the word of 
the Lord which had been given to him. He prophesied that a 
child should be born unto the house of David, whose name 
should be Josiah, and he would offer the priests that burned 
incense upon that altar and they should be burned upon it. 

King Jeroboam was not pleased with what the prophet said, 
and he stretched his hand out from the altar, and told the peo- 
ple to lay hold of the prophet. But his hand dried up, and he 
could not pull it back. The altar also was rent at the same 
time, and the ashes poured out from it. When the king saw 
that he had lost the use of bis hand, and that the altar was 
reut, he was humbled, and he asked the prophet to pray to his 
God for him that his hand might be healed. The prophet 
did so, and the king's hand was restored as it was before. 
The king was, of course, very glad to have his hand healed, 
and he wanted the prophet to go home with him and 
refresh himself and he would give him a reward. But the man 
of God refused to do so. He recollected what the Lord hud 
said, and he told the king that if he would give him half his 
house, he would not go into his house with him, neither would 
he eat bread nor drink water in that place. He then left Bethel, 
taking care not to go back by the same road that he came. 
Had he continued to be thus mindful of what the Lord had 
told him he would have fared much better than he did. 

Now, at the time this prophet visited Bethel there was an 
old prophet living there. His sons had been out and seen the 
works which the prophet had done and also heard the words 
which he had spokeu to the king, and they came to their father 
and told him about these things. Their father inquired of 
thi in which way the prophet had gone. The boys had watched 
his departure, and they were able to tell their father which road 
he had taken. The old prophet then started after him, and 
overtook him. He invited him to return home with him and 
get something to eat. But the prophet told him that the Lord 
had commanded him not to eat or drink there, and not to return 
by the way that he went, and he did not wish to go back with 
him. But. said the old gentleman, "I am a prophet also as 
thou art; and an angel spake unto me by the word of the Lord, 
saying, bring him back with thee into thine house, that he may 
eat bread and drink water." Upon the prophet hearing this 
word he went back to Bethel with the other, and ate bread and 
drank water with him in his house. But the old prophet had 
derived him. The Lord had not told him to bring the other back. 

While they sat at the table, the word of the Lord came unto 
the prophet that brought the other back, and he told the 
prophe who came from -Judah, that because he had disobeyed 
the Lord and not kept the commandment which He had given 
him, but had returned to Bethel and ate bread and drank water, 



his body should not come unto the sepulcher, or burial place, 
of his fathers. The old prophet then saddled an ass for the 
prophet whom he had brought back to ride upen, and the latter 
started. But, after he had started, a lion met him, and killed 
him. 

The prophet at Bethel heard what had happened, and he 
started out and found the dead prophet, and the ass and the 
lion standing by the body. He brought the body back to the 
city, ami buried it in his own grave, and commanded his sons to 
bury him in the same place when he died. 

Thus, children, did the prophet who disobeyed the Lord 
receive his punishment. When the Lord gave him a command, 
it was his duty to obey it, and if he had been firm in that thing, 
the other man would not have succeeded in deceiving him. The 
history of this prophet should teach you to be steadfast and 
immovable in keeping the word of the Lord. 






9 



w 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 
WHAT CAME OF HIS VISIT TO THE BIG CITY. 

A TRUE STORY. 

LITTLE GEORGE sat on the door step for sometime, making 
up his mjnd what he would next do. He could not suffer 
long in his feelings from disappointment; he soon forgot it. and 
turned his attention to something else. 

The days were short, and the time allowed him to visit the big 
city was but a few hours. He was required to be back again 
within the walls of the poor-house before dark; so he made up 
his mind, all iu a minute, that he would go to that part of the 
city where the fine big stores were, and look at the nice things 
in the windows. 

He liked to look in the windows of the stores where they sold 
stationery the best, where he could always see all kinds of beau- 
tiful pictures. He bad a great liking for pictures. 

He despaired of finding out where the kind lady lived, and so 
he was soon mingling with the crowd that thronged the public 
thoroughfares of the big city. 

He did not feel at-home though, as he used to feel when 
there was no restraint upon him — when nobody seemed to care 
for him, and he cared for nobody. He knew that he had but a 
lew hours to spend, and then he must go back to bis quiet 
quarters on the other side of the dark walls. He did not feel 
very happy, because he did not feel quite free. Not that he was 
restrained by any threats of punishment if he should not be 
back again to his poor-house quarters in good time, but he had 
made friends there, and he would not for the world do anything 
to hurt their feelings. It was this that acted as a restraint 
upon him, more than any threats of punishment could. 

He is now in that part of the city where its wealth and great- 
ness could be seen to the best advantage. The streets were 
crowded with the velvet-cushioned carriages of the rich and 
noble. On the side walks the wealthy in their silks and satins 
and fine cloth jostled each other; and the great shop windows 
fairly blazed with grandeur, while shopmen and clerks were 
hurrying to and fro in the whirl of business. 

Little George was like a poor little lamb among the great 
beasts of the forest. He was not noticed in the crowd. 

In running along he woidd sometimes get entangled in the 
great silk skirt of a fine lady. He would no sooner be free from 
that, than he would suddenly find himself in front of the fine- 



d 



JUYEITILE IITSTBUCTOR. 




SL 



pantalooned and booted legs of a tall gentleman, dodging this 
way and that way, until it could be decided which side he 
would take. These collisions most generally terminated by 
little George getting a rap with a walking stick or an umbrella 
to make him get out of the way. Though he was only a little 
drop in the stream of human life that seemed to be rushing 
headlong without gain or purpose, in this way, he would some- 
times dam up the channel for a moment and check the onward 
progress of the mighty stream, thus making even the great 
and mighty and powerful feel the importance of his little 
presence, and unwillingly acknowledge its strength and power. 

In this scene of hurry and bustle, and show of wealth and 
greatness, little George forgot himself for a while and enjoyed 
it immensely. 

He had looked through all the windows on one side of the 
street, and was making up his mind to go down the other side, 
when he saw a man crossing the street with a long narrow box 
on his shoulder, and a crowd of boys and girls running after 
him. Now, this was something that he coidd not, by any 
means, let pass without knowing what it meant; so he joined 
with the crowd of children, and ran after the man and the long 
box, wondering what would come of it. 

The long box and the man still kept going on, out of one 
street into another, until they came to a less crowded and less 
wealthy part of the city, and little George still followed after, 
altogether ignorant of the time of day, and never thinking that 
night was coming on, neither did he know or care what part of 
the city he was in, his mind was so much taken up with the 
man and the long box. 

All at once the man stopped, and when the box was set up 
on end it appeared to be about seven feet high. It had a four 
cornered opening about four feet long and fourteen or fifteen 
inches wide at the top of one side of it. This was the first 
time that little George had ever seen anything of the kind, and 
he could not think what was going to be done. 

By and by a little old man, with a veiy big nose, and a lump 
on his back, made his appearance on one side of the four 
cornered opening. This little man was about ten inches high. 
He began to talk and call aloud for his wife Judy. On the 
other side of the four-cornered opening a little old woman 
jumped up with a big bordered cap on, and she asked her hus- 
band, calling him Mr. Punch, what he wanted. After talking 
a good deal they got to quarrelling, which ended in Mr. Punch 
knocking his wife on the head with a club, and then com- 
menced to sing over it. 

Little George thought that Mr. Punch was a cruel, hard- 
hearted old scoundrel, and ought to be punished for abusing his 
poor, little old wife in that way. 

In a little while a policeman about ten inches high appears, 
and tries to take Mr. Punch into custody. They have a hard 
fight; but, finally, Mr. Punch was taken and tried for killing 
his wife and condemned to be hung. Next appears a gallows 
and a rope to hang the old rascal Punch, also the hangman, 
and Mr. Punch, and a priest. Blr. Punch is about to be 
hanged, and he is very sorry for it. He appears to be very re- 
ligious, and very penitent, and comes to the front of the little 
four-cornered opening to make his confession, and his last dying 
speech, which he did in a very creditable manner. He then 
thanked the priest for the spiritual comfort he had afforded 
him, and mournfully turned to the hangman, and begged 
of him to first put the rope around Ms neck to show him how 
it was to be put on his own neck. The hangman did so, when 
Mr. Punch, in the twinkling of an eye, drew the noose tight, 
knocked down the priest, and thoroughly hangs the hangman. 

This thrilling tragedy, with its grand tableau, played with 
wooden figures, produced quite a sensation among the juvenile 
spectators, and little George was delighted. It represents what 



often occurs in real life, namely, the guilty sometimes escape 
and leave the innocent to suffer instead. 

Little George was well acquainted with the big city, and soon 
discovered that he was far from the road which led him to his 
poor-house home. The afternoon was getting well spent, and 
he began to make his way out of town towards the big house 
on the hill. 

As he came to the big wall which surrounded the poor house 
he met some rich men's boys coming from school. They were 
larger than he was, and they got around him and took off his 
hat and hit him over the head with it, calling him, "paoi'-house 
boy, poor-house boy. ' ' Then they got hold of his coat, and 
began to pull him about. Pie did not wish to hurt any of them; 
but he felt that he should have to hit some of them if they did 
not let him alone. They kept pulling him about, however, and 
would not let him pass, until he lost his temper; and then with 
his fist, he hit one of them a good blow in the face, knocked 
him down and ran. 

The other boys picked up rocks and mud, and followed him 
all the way to the big door with the grate in it; he knocked, the 
door was opened at once, he rushed in, and just escaped a good 
thrashing. 

Little George felt thankful this time for the protection which 
the ugly door and the dark walls gave him from the persecu- 
tions and hunger of the cold world outside; for he had not 
eaten anything since morning. 

He ate his supper with a good appetite, went to bed, and, in 
a few minutes, was sound asleep. Uncle George. 



TlIEY WILL BLACKEN IF THEY DO NOT BURN. — A Wise 

father gave this lesson to his daughter. He had refused to let 
her visit a young lady who was neither good nor amiable. 

"Dear father," said the gentle girl, "you must think me 
weak and childish if you imagine I should be exposed to 
danger. ' ' 

The father took in silence a dead coal from the hearth, and 
reached it to his daughter. 

"It will not burn you, my child; take it." 

She did so, and behold! her delicate white hand was soiled 
and blackened, as it chanced, her white dress also. 

"We cannot be too careful in handling coals," she said, in 
vexation. 

"Yes, truly," answered her father; "and you see, my child, 
that coals, even if they do not burn, blacken. So it is with 
vicious company. 



What to do when Angry. — "I get mad so quickly, and 
then I'm sure to say something that I'm sorry for afterwards." 

"When angry, count three before speaking," answered the 
boy's father. 

The next time the boy fell into a fit of anger with one of his 
school-fellows, he remembered the advice of his father, and 
counted three. By this time he was able to keep back the hard 
words that were ready to leap from his tongue, and so saved 
himself the grief of shame and repentance. 

Try this remedy, quick-tempered boys ami girls. It is best, 
ill' course, not to get angry; but if you do happen to lose your 
si'll'i'iintnil, then put a seal on your lips, and remain silent until 
your hot blood has cooled a little. Every time you do this, you 
will gain some power over your temper, and after awhile be able 
to keep it from breaking out and doing both, yourselves and 
others harm. — Select® I. 

NEVER be afraid to do right. 



fee 




J-TJ^TIEIsriLIE I1TSTBUCTOR 



% 






GEORGE Q. OA.iVjVO]V, : EDITOK. 

JANUARY 1, 1867. 



TBZIE ItTIEAAr YZELA^IR,- 




» ELDOM lias a New Year dawned upon us 

since the organization of the Church of 

Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints more 

I pleasantly and favorably than does 1867. 

: li=|r Whichever way we look we see cause for 

thanksgiving. The past year has been one 

of peace. We have been threatened 

enough; but the Latter-day Saints are used 

to threats. They neither hurt nor scare us 

now. So long as our enemies keep their 

hands off we do not mind their slanders nor the 

outcry which they raise. 

During the past year wicked men went from 
ifyUfjyr here to Washington to tell the Congress of the 
United States all the lies they could think of 
about the Latter-day Saints in Utah. They did their 
best to bring trouble upon us. They wanted Govern- 
ment to send a large army out to this country. They 
said the soldiers were needed to keep us in order, and 
that strangers could not live here without an army to protect 
them! You will wonder how men could go there and tell such 
lies, and try and bring disgrace and trouble upon innocent peo- 
ple who had never done them any harm. Children, when you 
grow up to be men and women, you will understand this better 
than you can now. But now we will simply say to you that the 
devil hate? the servants and people of God, and every one who 
listens to him and has his spirit, hates them also. Jesus said 
the devil was a murderer from the beginning, and a liar and 
the father of lies. Those who have his spirit are like him. 

Those wicked men who went to Washington thought in 
telling their lies, that they could get an army sent here and have 
the influence and power of Brother Brigham destroyed, aud at 
the same time make plenty of money through the soldiers. But 
they have been disappointed. The year 1866 has passed away, 
and they have done nothing, except to bring shame upon 
themselves. The Lord has been with His people, and we have 
been greatly blessed. 

Our little readers ought to be very thankful for the good and 
peaceful homes which the Lord has given them in these valleys. 
The wicked do not have the power now to afflict them and to 
drive them from place to place, to burn their houses and 
kill their cattle, and destroy their fruit and grain. In the 
gathering places where the Saints lived from twent3'-one 
to thirty-six years ago, their enemies did these cruel things. In 
those days, little boys and girls, who have now grown to be men 
and women, suffered much. But your parents can now "build 
houses and inhabit them;" they can "plant vineyards and eat 
the fruit of them.'' (Isaiah 65 chap., 22 verse.) There are 
none here who dare molest them or make them afraid. Is not 
this a great blessing which God has given us? and ought not we 
to be thankful for it? Now that we enter upon 1867, we hope 
our Juveniles will show by their conduct through the year 
that they are not unworthy of the privileges and blessings which 
they enjoy. 

We desire all of our readers to accept from us the compli- 
ments of the season; may this year and all there are to come be 
happy to them. 



OTTIR, ZLSTIEW FORM. 

THE present form and dress of the Instructor will, we 
hope, give satisfaction to our readers. The type, rules, etc. 
are all new, and have been ordered expressly for this paper, 
that it may be as attractive as jiossible to the Juveniles of 
the Territory. By improving its style of printing and making 
its articles interesting, we hope the Instructor will be so desi- 
rable to all its little readers, that they T will look for its appear- 
ance with pleasure. We want to see it become so attractive 
that they will prefer it to any paper published abroad. 

There is a class of papers which are published outside of this 
Territory that receives too much patronage from the Latter-day 
Saints. These papers are scattered through the various settle- 
ments in great numbers, and can be found in veiy many house- 
holds where there are children. As a general thing, children 
are eager to acquire knowledge, ami, therefore, read every thing 
they can get hold of. The papers of which we speak, are very 
hurtful to all who read them; but especially so to children. 
The children of the Latter-day Saints should not have such 
papers presented to them to read, neither should they be left 
around where they can obtain them. We hope that our Juve- 
niles will be advised by us, and not peruse such publications. 
Do not read stories and tales of fiction. But read truthful 
books and papers, and store your minds with knowledge, which 
will always be valuable to you and will increase your usefulness. 
Money spent iu the purchase of such reading matter is well 
spent. 

Wishing to know how much money is sent East annually for 
the purchase of papers, etc., containing tales of fiction, we 
applied to Bro. George Swan, at the Post Office of this city, for 
the information. He thinks that at least six thousand dollars 
are sent every year from this Territory for such papers. Then, 
in addition to this, the postage on these papers has to be paid 
in money, and increases the cash outlay. Besides the works of 
fiction which are brought to this Territory by mail, and which 
pass through the Post Office, there are large numbers brought 
on b}- express and in other ways. Hundreds of copies of the 
lowest kinds of novels are thus brought here, for which cash 
has to be paid. Such books and papers are an injury to all 
who read them. Yet there are many who freely pay their 
money for such works. Would it not be better for such persons 
to spend their money on reading matter of a more useful char- 
acter? Especially should parents be careful upon this point. 
The future greatness of Zion depends, to a great extent, on the 
correct education of the children of to-day; and, children, if 
you wish to become useful and happy, seek to obtain a good 
store of truthful knowledge, aud do not spend your time in 
reading nonsense and fiction. 



THEBE has been a delay in the issuing of this number, which 
we have much regretted. We wish to establish for the 
Instructor a character for regularity and punctuality, that 
our readers may know what to depend upon, and never have 
the least disappointment through not receiving their papers at 
the date. We sent a drawing of a new heading for the paper 
to New York to be engraved, and expected to receive the 
engraving from there by the 15th or 20th of January; but we 
were disappointed. We were informed the engraving would 
not be finished before the 22nd of January. This being the 
case, we could not expect to receive it before the 10th or 12th 
of February, when we expected to be able to issue. Not 
receiving it by the 14th, we telegraphed to New York, and 
learned that the engraving would not be completed until the 
18th! This was a great disappointment, as we had waited to 
no purpose aud lost valuable time. We now issue with a tem- 
porary heading. We hope that this explanation will be satisfac- 
tory to all, and that our friends will not be discouraged. 






«3rt 



J- TJ -V IE IDT I L IE Il<rSTBTJCTOB 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 

■VOLO^ILTOIES. 



VOLCANOES, or burning mountains, are among the most 
remarkable of natural curiosities. They are something of 
the shape of a cone at the top, as may be seen in the illustration; 
though there are not many of them that rise up so sharply as 
the one here represented, most of them being broader at the 
base, narrowing, apparently, almost to a point at the summit, 
where the crater or the mouth of the volcano is. 

It is believed that volcanoes are formed by the earth being 
heaved up in the form of a blister, caused by internal fire and 
the action of gases formed from it. And it is supposed that 
the same causes, to an extent, produce earthquakes, or heavings 
of the earth, which often occur in various parts of the world. 

When the earth is forced up in the form of a mountain, and 
an opening is made at the 
top, by the action of the 
force working underneath, 
from which flames, ashes, 
red-hot stones, or molten 
lava are sent forth, it is 
said to be an active volca- 
no. There are many vol- 
canoes in the world, some 
of which have caused 
great destruction at times 
by their eruptions. One 
of these called Vesuvius, 
near Naples, in Italy, 
buried two cities in ashes 
and lava, several hund- 
red years ago, with every- 
thing in them. These two 
cities, named Pompeii and 
Ilerculaneum, were dis- 
covered under the lava, a 
few years ago, by some 
men who were digging in 
the lava for curiosities. 

Some volcanoes have been formed within the knowledge of 
man. Perhaps the largest of these is in Mexico where a great 
mountain was forced up out of a level plain. Some volcanoes 
are very high. Cotopaxi, in Peru, is nineteen thousand, nine 
hundred and twenty feet above the level of the sea, or more 
than twice the bight of the Twin Peaks, and more than four 
times as high as they are above the level of this valley. Ifce top, 
where the fire issues forth, is away above the snow line of that 
hot climate. Popocatepel, in Mexico, is seventeen thousand, 
five hundred and fifty feet above the sea level. They are fouud 
in nearly all climates, from the torrid zone to the icy regions. A 
very remarkable one is in the Bay of Bengal, on the coast of 
India, named Barren Island. The base, or bottom of the cone, 
of this volcano is very little higher than the level of the sea, 
and it rises out of deep water, for a quarter of a mile from the 
shore no bottom was found with a line one hundred and fifty 
fathoms long, — that is, a little over the sixth part of a mile. 
The bight of the cone is eighteen hundred feet above the sea 
level. Etna, in the island of Sicily, is another well known vol- 
cano; and in the cold island of Iceland is a famous one named 
Hecla. But perhaps the most remarkable volcano in the world, 
is one in the Mediterranean sea, called Stromboli, which has been 
so constantly active for over two centuries that it has come to be 
known, by sailors, as the light house of Stromboli. It is a little 
island which was raised by volcanic force from the bed of the sea. 

The smoke issuing out of the top of the cone in the illustra- 
tion, represents the smoke and fire which issue out of the crater 
or mouth of a volcano when it is in an active state. Sometimes 



large stones will be flung up to an immense hight, with a noise 
like the roaring of cannon, while hot ashes are often scattered 
around for miles, and the molten fluid called lava will issue forth 
and run down the sides of the mountain like a vast river of fire. 
A volcano in an active state, is a fearful and sublime spectacle 
by night, and naturally inspires the mind with awe, at those 
concealed forces by which the Creator produces many of the 
wonders of nature which human beings are permitted to behold. 

For the Juvenile Instructor. 

IKZEZEIP .A. J"OTJK,Isr^.Ij. 







WISHING to impart something for the benefit of our young 
friends, the readers of the Juvenile Instructor, I will 
commence by conversing a little with them upon the subject of 

keeping an account or 
journal of events as they 
daily take place around 
them. I suppose all the 
readers of the Juvenile 
Instructor have learned, 
or are learning to write; 
for this is very important 
in the education of all 
children. I wish to say 
to my young friends that 
it will be a great blessing 
to them, and their child- 
ren after them, if they 
will keep a daily journal 
of what takes place with 
them and around them. 
Let all the boys and girls 
get them a little book, and 
write a little in it almost 
every day. 

"What shall I write?" 
you ask. Write about any- 
thing that is worth pre- 
serving, or the best you have; and if you begin this while 
you are young, it will be quite easy for you when you 
become men and women. How pleasing it would be to you, 
and to your children, thirty, fifty, or eighty years hence, to sit 
down and read what took place around you in your childhood 
and youth! Would you not like to read what took place with 
our fathers, and mothers, and grand parents, while they were 
young and during their lives? But the object is not so much to 
get you to keep a journal while you are young, as it is to get 
you to continue it after you become men and women, even 
through your whole lives. This is especially needed in the 
generation in which you live, for you live in as important a 
generation as the children of men ever saw, and it is far more 
important that you should begin early to keep a journal and 
follow the practice while you live, than that other generations 
should do so. 

You are the children of Zion, and your parents have been 
called of God to build up the Church of Christ and the King- 
dom of God upon the earth in the last days, and soon your 
parents will be dead, and you will have to take their places. 
You will be fathers and mothers, and those little boys, who now 
read the JtTV'ENILE INSTRUCTOR, will become prophets, apos- 
tles and elders, and will live to travel and preach (he gospel, and 
will live to receive the word of the Lord. Then it will bo 
very necessary that you should keep a journal and write an 
account of the dealings of the Lord with you. 

If men had not kept a journal in former days, we should not 
now have any Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants 



**£& 




J- TJ AT" IE 2sT I Xj E3 IITSTBTJCTOR 



or any other book. For, in ancient days, the prophets, apostles 
and other men, wrote in a daily journal what took place around 
them; then, afterwards, a man called a historian would take 
those journals and books and write a history out of it. Moses 
did this, and gave us a history of the creation of the world. 
Other prophets followed his example, which gave us the 
Bible. The books called Matthew, Mark, Luke and John 
give us an account of the birth of Jesus Christ, who was 
born in a stable and whose mother put him in a manger, 
because she had no other cradle for him. This was in Bethle- 
hem of Judca, about eighteen hundred and sixty-six years ago. 
This New Testament gives an account of the life of .Jesus 
Christ, of all his preaching and the great miracles he did. He 
healed the sick, cast out devils, and raised the dead, and finally, 
the Jews killed him. They nailed him to a cross, and crucified 
him, and he died to save all the world. His blood was shed for 
the remission of our sins. Now, if it had net been for his disci- 
ples keeping a journal, and writing an account of all these 
things as they passed along, we could not now read an account 
of them. And it is so with the history of all nations. There 
has been a record kept of the wars, troubles and difficulties 
they have had to pass through. Afterwards, men take these 
journals and accounts and make a history of them so they can 
be read thousands of years afterwards. 

I have kept a journal for forty years, and it is now a great 
pleasure to me and my family to sit down and read an account 
of our travels, where we have been, and what we have done, 
and the dealings of God with us, and the many good times we 
have had with our friends. I can read in my journals the good 
teachings I have heard many years ago from Presidents Joseph 
Smith, Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, the Twelve Apos- 
tles, and many other good elders, and the good times we have 
had together. If my young friends will begin to do this and 
continue it, it will be of far more worth than gold to them in a 
future daj r . I will endeavor to write some from my journals, 
from time to time, for the benefit of the readers of the Juve- 
nile Instructor. W. AY 



Wvitn front ftaftm* 

w f « 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 
THE LAST DAYS OP TANGERODE. 




IF my young readers will look upon the map of Europe, they 
will find on the east of North Holland a long line of small 
islands of various sizes, which the natives of that country call, in 
their language, "Hallige." Some of them are inhabited by a 
population of fishermen and sailors. Consisting chiefly of 
sand, it is easily surmised that they had their origin from the 
ocean waves, which for ages piled up the sand along those flat 
and shallow coasts. If, however, the waves would do nothing 
but form sandbanks and islands, the history of those regions 
would contain very i'ew interesting occurrences. But these 
builders of continents— the waves — are just as fierce destroyers; 
and though those islands present at times to the passing seafarer 
an aspect, which in peacefulness and quiet, has scarcely an equal, 
they are at other times the scenes of untold horrors and misery, 
A large ridge yet running beneath the surface of the sea from 
the coast of France to that of England, the formation of the 
opposite shores of the English channel and several other cir- 
cumstances, tell us, if we correctly interpret their signs, that 
France and England were once connected by an isthmus; but 



that the waves of the ocean from the West gradually wore it 
out, and finally broke their way through into the North Sea, 
and remnants of that connection may be some of those islands 
spoken of. Like the most of the inhabited islands of that 
group, Tangerode, once the largest of them all, was protected all 
around its shores by large posts run into the ground, entwined 
by willows, to stay the inroads of the waves. These willows 
grew fine and green, and they not only strengthened the natural 
bulwarks, but made the whole island sometimes look like a 
garden surrounded by a green hedge. Notwithstanding this 
contrivance, got up with marvelous patience and labor, the 
waves sometimes find their way beyond it. For instance, when 
a high sea is running, aroused by a storm, it is called a spring 
flqod, and then the heart of the bravest man fails within him, 
and the angel of peace and contentment hides his face before 
the picture of desolation that follows. Look at the small 
island of Heligalond, the most northern and isolated of the 
group, near the mouth of the Elbe. Once flocks and herds 
grazed peacefully upon its wide, extended green glades, wh«re 
now ships sail in deep water, and the fishes of the sea have 
their abode; and nothing is left but a high rock, with a little 
town upon it, the days of which are numbered too, for portions 
of the island sink into the sea every year. 

It was New Year's eve in the year ls47. when the inhabitants 
of Tangerode celebrated in their respective houses the beginning 
of the new year, which promised to be to them an unusually 
prosperous one. Had not the herring fishery yielded more this 
year than commonly? Had not many fathers, sons and brothers 
come home from long sea-voyages, with their hard earnings in 
their pockets, and their love for home in their simple but true 
hearts? They listened not to the howling storm without, nor 
to the thunder of the rolling sea, as its waves broke one 
after another on the coast, but cosily shone the lights from the 
windows of every cottage, and only the watchman at the light- 
house examined with anxious eye his '"weatherglass," which 
had kept sinking fast for more than an hour, and scanned the 
foaming waves as they hissed, thundered, rattled and boiled 
around his lonesome tower. Suddenly he rushed to his speak- 
ing trumpet and sounded forth, three times in succession, 
the terrible words: 'A spring flood!" The report of a cannon 
might have remained unheeded amidst the howling stonn; but 
these words reached every ear, and the people rushed out of 
their houses. Whilst some sturdy fishermen hastened to the 
dykes, to stem if possible, the approaching waves, the aged, 
the women and children sought refuge in the ancient church, 
standing at the highest place of the island. But there are 
occasions in which the power and skill of man sink into nothing- 
ness before the elements of nature, for mountain high came 
wave after wave from the sea, until the ground shook before 
their thundering fury. One glance convinced the few who had 
ventured nearest to the shore, that their only safety lay in 
flight, and soon they were all crowded together in the church, 
some praying, others lamenting, some watching from the win- 
dows the approach of the flood, and all aware that only the 
hand of the Almighty could protect them against the dangers 
that surrounded them. 

For hours they remained in dreadful suspense, until the rush 
of the waters around the church told them, only too truly, that 
their little houses must all have been swept away. To add to 
the terrors of the night, when the waters were at their bight, 
the ground was shaken as by an earthquake, and the unfortu- 
nate people expected every minute to be their last. Parents 
blessed their children, and fond hearts found consolation in a 
last and affectionate embrace. The waves swept to the door of 
the church, and the spray of the sea splashed high up against 
the windows; but the storm had expended its fury. It grew 
calmer. The voice of the water became fainter and further off, 




JUYE1TILE I1TSTBUCTOR 




and the day began to dawn — to reveal to them a wild raging sea, 
where, the evening before, their village had stood. Even more 
than half of the churchyard, with the graves of their friends, 
had gone down into the sea, leaving a deep precipice, only a few 
yards from the church, at the foot of which the waves were 
chafing, as if hungry for more prey. The whole island was re- 
duced to one-third of its former size. Far out in the sea stood 
the lighthouse, with the flag of Tangerode at half-mast — the 
sign of mourning and distress. All around them, stretched to a 
boundless extent the grave of their houses, and, as if to make 
the cup of their misery overflow, the discovery was made that 
the land yet remaining would soon be swallowed up by the cruel 
«ea. Ships came to their rescue, and took the most of the 
people away to new homes; but a ftjyr lingered behind, to watch, 
with stubborn despair, the gradual washing away of their 
native land; and soon will the waves have carried off the last 
grain of sand of the once beautiful island of Tangerode. 

K. G. M. 



9jK*gt*jrfB* 



JOSEPH SMITH, TZrHIE 

:p ir, o n? hh :e t . 




URING the days of trial at Kiitland, 
referred to in our last number, it was 
almost as much as a man's life was worth 
to be found defending Joseph; and among 
the prominent men in the church there 
were but few who had enough of the 
Spirit of the Lord and of courage to stand 
by him in those days of great trouble. But 
there were some of the elders who never 
wavered or flinched. The hatred and oppo- 
sition of the enemies of truth only made them 
cling closer to Joseph. Their courage rose with 
the occasion, and they rallied around him with 
the devotion of true friendship. In those days 
of trial President Brigham Young stood forward 
with great fearlessness, and distinguished himself by 

/^V]®^ his steadfastness in maintaining the truth in the face 
jy^te: of all opposition. About this time the Lord revealed 
to Joseph that something must be done for the salva- 
tion of His church, which resulted in the appointment of a 
foreign mission, and in the re-organization of the church, the 
quorums having become disaffected and filled with apostacy. 
President Heber C. Kimball, who was. one of the Twelve 
Apostles, was set apart to preside over a mission to England to 
be the first foreign mission of the Church of Christ in the last 
days. President Orson Hyde, who was also one of the Twelve 
Apostles, was set apart to accompany President Heber C. 
Kimball. Elder Willard Richards, Priest Joseph Fielding 
were also set apart for this mission. Brother Richards was an 
elder at the time of his appointment to this mission. He 
remained in England while Presidents Kimball and Hyde 
returned to the United States; and, while there, was chosen to 
be one of the Twelve Apostles in the place of one who had 
fallen, and was ordained when President Brigham Young and a 
number of Others of the Twelve went to that country on mission. 
On Tuesday, June 13th, 1837, the brethren who had been 
appointed on missions to England, took their journey from 
Kiitland. Upon reaching New York they were joined by 



Elder John Goodson, one of the Seventies, and Elder Isaac 
Russel, and John Snider, a Priest; these three brethren were 
from Canada. The elders now numbered seven: Heber C. 
Kimball, Orson Hyde, Willard Richards, Joseph Fielding, 
John Goodson, Isaac Russel and John Snider. Before leaving 
Rutland President Kimball was ridiculed and called a fool for 
listening to Joseph and being willing to go on a foreign mission, 
and this, too, by men who were then numbered among the 
Twelve Apostles; but who afterwards were cut off. Unbelief 
and apostacy prevailed to a very great extent; but the faith of 
those who were faithful shone the brighter by the contrast. 

The lapse of nearly thirty years has settled the question as to 
who were the fools and who the wise men in this matter. The 
elders who obeyed the requirements of the Lord made through 
His prophet, have proved themselves to be truly wise; while 
those who refused to submit to Him, and opposed His servants, 
have plainly shown their folly. The men of the one class have 
grown and increased in everything that is great and godlike, 
winning respect and love from all the good, and leaving precious 
memories behind them; while those of the other class have 
continued to sink lower and lower until they are held in con- 
tempt or are entirely forgotten. 

What a lesson does this portion of the history convey! Here 
were men holding the same priesthood and calling and having 
the same opportunities one with another. A certain number of 
them live so before the Lord that they always have the light 
and strength of His Spirit to be with them in every time of 
trial and temptation. In loving and defending the truth, and 
in sustaining the priesthood, they never fail; their knees never 
tremble, their hands never shake, their hearts never sink, 
though they may be in the midst of the greatest persecutions 
and trials. Thousands upon thousands hang upon the words 
they speak, as though they were angels, and the numbers of 
these are continually increasing. Another portion neglect their 
duties, grieve the Holy Spirit, lose its assistance, and are left to 
themselves. They become weak; in the time of difficulty they 
waver and fall; they betray themselves and betray others. 
Their names are not remembered with respect by any. They 
sink dishonored. 

Can our little readers understand why there is such a differ- 
ence in the fates of these men who start together, and with such 
similar advantages, on the great gospel race? What is the 
difference between the apostle who faithfully presides over the 
people of God, honored and blessed by the entire church, with 
a name and fame that extend throughout the earth, and the 
apostle who apostatized and died a miserable man, destitute of 
honor and an object of pity to all who knew him? One has 
been faithful to His God and true to his brethren; the other 
was unfaithful to His God and false to his brethren. Children, 
these were the causes of difference. Will you profit by these 
examples? Boys and girls, as well as men and women, will be 
rewarded according to their works. The reward may not come 
as quickly as you may think it should; but, if you are patient, 
it will come nevertheless. 

On the first of July, 1837, the missionaries sailed from New 
York for Liverpool, England, at which place they landed on 
the twentieth of that month. Four of the Elders — H. C. 
Kimball, 0. Hyde, W. Richards and Goodson— jumped into a 
small boat and were rowed to the shore. When near the land- 
ing place President Kimball sprang from the boat, and was the 
first to get on shore. From Liverpool they proceeded to 
Preston. They reached the latter town on election day, and as 
they alighted from the coach, a large flag was unfurled, nearly 
Over their heads, on which was painted, in letters of gold, 
"TRUTH Will PREVAIL." To strangers landing in a strange 
land, with a message of life and salvation to declare unto the 
people, you may be sure the sight of this flag with its motto 



h 



i\ 




J- TJ "V" IE 1ST X X_. IE IUSTETJCTOB. 



was very encouraging. They must have felt that it was sent 
there as a revelation from the Lord purposely to cheer them. 

Brother Joseph Fielding had a brother in Preston who was a 
preacher. The brethren went to his chapel the first Sunday 
morning they wore in the town, and without being asked by 
them, he gave notice to his congregation that there were some 
ministers from America present, and they would preach in the 
afternoon. This kindness on his part made the missionaries 
feel very joyful. In the afternoon President Kimball gave the 
congregation a sketch of the history of the chmrh from its first 
organization in these latter days, and Brother Hyde followed 
him, and bore testimony to the same. Thus was the key turned 
and the door of the gospel opened to a great foreign nation and 
to the continent of Europe, teeming with its millions. A founda- 
tion of a mighty work was laid, but man could not claim the 
honor of it; the faithful elders engaged in the labor gave the 
glory to God. They landed in England destitute of means, 
friendless and feeling their own weakness and want of learning. 
But God gave them means; He raised them up friends; He 
made them strong and mighty in convincing the honest-in- 
heart of the truth and in bringing souls unto Him. They went 
forth bearing precious seed in much weakness and tribulation; 
but they returned with exceeding great joy, the Lord having 
given them an abundant harvest for their labors. 



fuigittal f?odt^* 



M 



OLID YE^IR,. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

GOOD BYZE. 




Good bye, old year, good bye — 
I see you're almost gone; 

But when you disappear, 
Another year comes on. 

Thus, passing day by day 
Weeks, months and seasons fly: 

Time's chariot whirls away, 
And year by year goes by. 

Our sunny childhood years 
Pass swiftly, one by one, 

With all their smiles and tears — 
Their sorrow and their fun: 

Then like a golden beam 

Youth comes — "Pis quietly gone; 
Then manhood, like a dream — ■ 

And age comes creeping on. 

Then death, the porter comes, 

And kindly leads us through, 
To where all nature blooms 
With love and beauty too. 

Life's bark, on Time's rough wave, 
Its swiftest oars may ply: 

There's life beyond the grave — 
Good bye, old Year, good bye. 

Timo's tide is p ising high — 

Eternity moves on: 
Good bye, old Year, good bye: 

You're going, going, gone. 



G. S. L. City, Dec. 31*r, 12 p.m., 18G6. 



E. R. S. 



■f.0p0$SjJ<Ht&SttC*. 




Great Salt Lake City, Dec. 28th, 1866. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother. — Knowing the interest you feel in the 
establishment of Sunjiaj'-Sehools in the wards and settlements 
of our Territory, I Jtake pleasure in sending you a report of our 
Sunday School in the. 10th ward in this city." 

The school was organized on the 6th of August, 1865, since 
which time it has continued to increase. The number of 
scholars on our roll is 66 boys and 84 girls, making a total of 
150, taught by three male and seven female teachers, who 
devote their time and interest, every Sunday morning, for the 
benefit of our school. Four classes read in the Bible and Book 
of Mormon, while the other classes use the First, Second and 
Third Readers. The Church Catechism is also used in the 
higher classes. At our examinations the children proved, by 
their readiness in answering any questions asked in the ancient 
or modern history of the Church of God, that they had made 
considerable progress in their studies in that direction; and 
among other things, their young voices have been trained to 
sing the praises of God. 

At our examinations we have distributed quite a number of 
good, useful books, as prizes to the children; this has enconrsg- 
ed them in learning and in good behavior. In connection with 
the school a Sunday School Library has been established. 
In the Library are one hundred volumes of useful works, com- 
prising biography of eminent men, history, travels and other 
works of an instructive character. The Juvenile Instruc- 
tor is a welcome visitor among the children, who anxiously 
look for the coming forth of a new number. The teachers find 
it a valuable assistant in imparting useful knowledge to their 
young pupils. The children have taken good care of their 
papers, so as to have them bound in a complete volume. 

The success which has attended our Sunday School is to be 
attributed in a great degree to the interest manifested in it by 
the authorities of the ward, who have continually used their 
influence for its prosperity. 

May the good work go on in every ward and settlement 
throughout the Territory, that the young men may grow up 
with a continually increasing knowledge of those principles 
which will be the foundation of their future happiness. 



I remain, yours truly, 



Benjamin Lanq. 



OATBOHISM 

FOR OUR JUVENILES. 



20. Who was it that teased Joseph for part of tho writings to 
carry home, contrary to the mind of the Lord? 

21. Did he keep the covenant he made to obtain the writings? 

22. What did the Lord take from Joseph in consequence? 

23. Was it restored? and, if so, why? 

24. Wlm appeared to Joseph and Oliver Cowdery, on the 15th 
of May, 1829? 

25. What did he confer upon them? 

26. Who were the first persons baptized by authority in this 
dispensation? 

27. When were they baptized? 

28. Where did Joseph complete the translation of the Book of 
Mormon? 

29. From whom did Joseph and Oliver receive the Apostle- 
ship? 

30. What were the names of the six persons comprising the 
church when organized? 



■JITVElsriLE IZTxTSTZRAJOTOIR, 

Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST <fc FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum S3 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

&ir~ It is expected where agents forward names they will be responsible 
for the papers thus ordered; and. when Cash payments are made, they 
mill please forward them with the letter containing the names of tl\e 
subscribers. 

JB£S~ Elder Win. II. Shearman, Logan, will art as General Agent for 
Cache Valley, 

J%£~ Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will be 
received at the office of our paper— Deseret News Buildings. 




