
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MAY 9, 1874. 



NO. 10. 



IR, IE .A. ID X 1ST G- TZHZIE EZOE/A1T. 



The Koran is the sacred book of the Mohammedans. By 
Mohammedans we mean all who believe that Mohammed 
was a prophet, of God. He was born at Mecca, a city of 
Arabia, in the year 752. The tribes of Arabia claim their 
descent from Ishmael, the son of Abraham. At the time of 



received the Koran. Doubtless Mohammed did have a p 
phetic gift. But he did not have the true priesthood, a; 
therefore, erred in many things. His followers have divir 
into man} 7 sects, and dispute about the meaning of his writii:.; 
as many people do in Christendom about the Bible. 





Mohammed's birth the tribes of Arabia were idolatrous, and 
believed in numerous gods. He converted them to believe in 
one sole, eternal and all-powerful God — the creator of heaven 
and earth, and of all that we find in them. He claimed to be 
inspired of God, to have revelations from Him and to have the 
nistration of angels. In this manner he is said to have 



The Koran is written in Arabic, and, it is said, must never 
be translated into any other language; and so in Turkey, India, 
China, Africa, and, indeed, wherever there is a believer in 
Mohammed, the Koran is read in Arabic. 

Sometimes they meet in their mosques to hear it read, and 
sometimes in other places devoted to this purpose. Th 





& 



no 



J" TJ V IE 1ST I L IE IITSTRUCTOK. 




u 



=P 



sentences of the book are chanted rather than read, and the 
speaker usually keeps time by the swaying of his body to and 
fro. In some places, after reading a few chapters, the preacher 
will get up into his pulpit and preach a sermon. 

At one time the followers of this religion aimed to bring the 
whole world under their sway, and with the Koran in one 
hand and the sword in the other, they went to country after 
country and compelled the people to accept their religion or pay 
tribute. Frequently they killed those who refused to submit 
to them. They believed in the power of the sword, and by 
its help they spread their faith in the beginning with wonderful 
rapidity. Near the preacher in the picture stands one who 
holds a sword; probably this is out of respect to its power. 

Much is said about the Mohammedans and their wicked 
cruelty, by those who know but little about them. To judge 
them correctly they should be known. It is too much the 
fashion among many so-called Christians to denounce every 
form of belief but their own, to imagine that they only are 
good and pure and acceptable to God. This is as wrong as the 
-Mohammedan ideas respecting their own sanctity and superior 
holiness. The fact is. there are many good features in the 
religion of Mohammedans and all the other sects which flourish 
on the earth. There are many sincere, well-meaning people 
connected with all of them. Where there are no living inspired 
servants of God, holding the priesthood or authority from Him 
to teach and officiate in His name, men go astray, adopt error 
and fall into many wrong practices, and confusion prevails. 

It is contrary to the teachings of Mohammed for his followers 
to drink wine or any strong drink. Among faithful persons of 
that belief, therefore, drunkenness is unknown. The flesh of 
swine is also forbidden. Polygamy is practiced, and virtue is 
highly prized. Travelers inform us that, as a consequence, 
Mohammedan nations are free from some of the vices which 
afflict Christendom. 

The Mohammedans believe in the prophets of whom we read 
in the Bible. They believe Jesus to have been a prophet, but 
not the Son of God. But they believe Mohammed to be the 
greatest of all the prophets. An idea of their faith on these 
points may he gathered from the inscriptions on the coins of 
the caliphs of Syria. They were, on one side: "There is no 
(tod but Allah, the sole God and who hath no equal." On the 
reverse: "God is eternal: he is neither Son nor Father, nor is 
there any like Him." Around the edge were the words: 
"Mohammed, the Messenger of Allah, who sent him with the 
message of the true Law to make it manifest over every other 
law t<> the confusion of infidels.'' 

The Mohammedans believed that he who died fighting for 
the faith was sure of glory. It was the most glorious way, in 
their view, in which they could leave the earth. They also 
believed that they could not be killed until the time appointed. 
This being their faith, they fought with extraordinary valor 
They were instructed by the first successor of their prophet to 
"Never yield to, or turn your backs on your enemies.'' "Nor 
let the number of your foes alarm you. even though excessive.' 
One (if their kings, in instructing his troops before going to 
war. said to them: "If the enemies of the Law be not twice as 
numerous as you are, then he who turns his back upon them in 
battle hath proved himself to be a vile coward." 

Such expressions as the following, which we have taken from 
Mohammedan writings, show their belief in destiny: 

"The most important events and those that are of the least 
moment, the fall of a mountain and that of a willow-leaf, all 
proceed alike from the Divine Will, and take place as they are 
written on the tables of the Eternal Destinies; when, where, 
and as it shall seem good to the wisdom of Allah." 



"Not all which our enemies concert against us is permitted 
to come to pass; that which is to happen, whether for good of 
evil, hath already been decreed by God before it hath been 
thought of either by our friends or enemies. ' ' 

"But how uncertain is the lot of man! This General, who 
had come forth uninjured from so many battles, who had 
commanded so many perilous expeditions and had returned 
victorious, met his death in a contemptible onslaught made by 
the men of Barbary. Who shall escape his destiny?" "The 
unfortunate can never be secure, even though he climb to the 
nests of the eagles, and conceal himself on the summits of inac- 
cessible rocks; neither shall he avoid the arrow of the powerfu] 
destiny, though he should rise to the stars." 

"But none can avoid the arrow which is leveled at him from 
the bow of his fate. 



« ir 



cw 



ttsctuik 



-A-ZtTOIEItTT GREEK COINS. 



B V UKTH. 



There are (J reek coins of great antiquity that cannot be 
arranged chronologically; dates are not used so generally 
upon them as upon Roman coins. Some are merely impress- 
ions of various deities; but about five hundred years before the 
Christian era the obverses and reverses of coins became com- 
plete, and the legends can be understood. 

Many of the coins of the time of Alexander the Great were 
very beautiful. It was customary to represent various deities 
on the obverses, in producing which the artists appear to have 
lavished the utmost skill. The likenesses of their deities are 
frequently reproduced in our day by the sculptor and engraver 
from those antique models. Jupiter, Neptune, Apollo, Mars. 
Mercury, Bacchus, Juno, Minerva, Diana. Venus, Cupid and 
many others are delineated on Greek coins. Apis is repre- 
sented on an ancient coin in the valuable collection of Mr. 
Harris, of this city; Apis was an Egyptian deity in the form of 
a bull. Notice will be taken of these heathen deities only as 
they may convey any instruction to the young reader, when 
coins are described. 

One of the coins of Alexander the Great has on it a likeness 
of the monarch: on the reverse he is represented riding peace- 
ably on horseback, holding a baton, or staff, extended, signifying 
authority, around which is inscribed in Greek characters Alex- 
androu, to show that the rider is Alexander. On one of his 
cjins Mineiv.i is represented, with a helmet on her head, a 
spear in her light hand, the aegis, or shield, with a medusa's 
head on it in her left and an owl beside her. 

One Armenian coin has a likeness on each side: on the 
obverse that of a young man wearing the fez, an oriental head 
dress similar to that worn at the present time by eastern mon- 
archs, inscribed with Tigranes Basuleus Megas, Neos, in 
ancient Greek characters, meaning. Tigranes the younger, the 
great king. On the reverse is the likeness of his sister, with 
Tigranes Adelphe, meaning, a sister of Tigranes. 

The names of deities on Greek coins are seldom expressed: 
the people of those times were doubtless familiar with the 
meaning of the figures themselves, as we recognize on the 
beautiful coinage of our country the American eagle, the cap 
of liberty, the escutcheon with the stars and stripes, etc.. all 
of which have a symbolical meaning. 



Q^ 



.^M 




JUYB1TILE HTSTRTJCTOB 




On Greek coins vases with sprigs of plants mean solemn 
games; the ivy and grapes mean Bacchus — we may see these 
symbols at the present time in dram shop windows — sometimes, 
in addition. Bacchus himself is represented, sitting across a 
barrel with grapes in his hand, the ivy as a crown on his 
head. 

The Greek money was anciently determined by weight. The 
mina is thought to have been a pound weight of the country 
to which it belonged. The largest sums were counted in 
talents. The mina of Athens was one hundred drachms. A 
drachm was then, as now, the eighth part of an ounce. 

The ancient Greek coins have an indented mark upon one 
side and a tortoise on the other. The most ancient had no 
letters on them. Those with AlGEIO upon them are of great 
antiquity; they are coins of Aigi, or iEgiuni. According to 
the best authority, the silver drachma of those days was worth 
about eighteen cents of our money. The obolus of silver was 
worth about three cents, and weighed about eleven grains. 
They had coins of silver a quarter of this weight and value, by 
which we may form an idea of the value of money in those 
days, in purchasing goods. 



Ji. S I J\. JVC IE S IE PRI1TGE. 




This picture is from a photograph, and shows the manner in 
which the sons of the two kings of Siam have hitherto 
been dressed on public occasions. In Siam there has been for 
a long period the strange custom of two kings reigning at the 
same time. Both of those now in power are young men, and 
both having been taught in their youth by foreign teachers, 
they are now putting an end to many old laws and customs, 
and starting their country on a career of progress. Slavery 
has been done away with; and the first king has undertaken 
public works of great usefulness. The better to carry out his 
plans he has visited India to see for himself the improvements 
which the English have made in that country. He has adopted 
the American style of dress; and does not require the native 
princes and others to prostrate themselves while in his presence. 

On the occasion of his re-coronation lately at Bangkok, the 
London 1'imes says: 

"At ten a. m. the king repaired to the royal throne, arrayed 
in the splendid state robes and attended by his nobles bearing 
the different insignia of his power. A most brilliant assem- 
blage had been previously congregated in front of the throne, 
and representatives from almost every civilized nation were 
present. Immediately after His Majesty had taken his seat on 
the throne he read a proclamation abolishing crouching and 
prostration in the presence of a superior. From time imme- 
morial it has been the Siamese custom never to stand in the 
presence of royalty, and the highest nobles in the land could 
only approach the king on their knees, with their elbows 
resting on the floor and their hands joined in the act of 
worship. A nobleman visiting another of higher rank than 
himself would have to remain in a very similar position, no 
matter how long the interview might last. In the proclama- 
tion the king stated that he had been impressed with the 
conviction that no country could prosper where such servility 
and worship from one man to another was the custom, and 
that he wished to see men on a more equal footing, so that the 
poorest subject in the kingdom might feel sure of obtaining 
equal justice with the rich. 

"During the reading of this edict, all the Siamese present, to 
the number of about four hundred, remained in a prostrate 
condition on the floor, but at its conclusion they rose simulta- 



neously and did their best towards making a bow in European 
fashion. 

"Many of them appeared ill at ease, and it was noticeable, by 
their round shoulders and half-stooping gait, that they were 
almost afraid of the position they found themselves in. ' ' 

In all these measures he is«iided by the second king, who 
bears the honored name of George Washington, it having been 
given by his father in token of his admiration for the character 
of him whom we de'Lcht to call the Father of his Country. 



The 



fir 



fW 




fond of reading foreign books translated into the Siamese 
language. They both introduced reforms, and their sons are 
said to be still more zealous in bringing about still greater 
reforms. The late first king had an English lady, Mrs. Leon- 
owers, appointed as the foreign instructor of his children, but 
especially of his favorite son and heir, the present first king. 

Doubtless our little readers will think this a curious dress for 
any person to wear; but we expect our dress appears very 
strange to people who are not accustomed to seeing it. Our 
tight pantaloons and tall, black hats, where they are worn, 
must appear curious and uncomfortable to people whose clothes 
arejoose^aiid eii^Yjjiiid who wear a turban or other close-fitting 



DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION BOARD 
SO NORT H MA I N 3TREET 





IIS 



JTJYEK"ILE Il^rSTE/UCTOR. 




covering on the head. In the picture the prince has a curious 
covering on his head; hut we suppose this is only worn on 
ttate occasions. 



G-L^LSS-IMI.A.KIItsr.G'. 




/~1oiN(i into the glassworks, let us look first into the room 
\J where the "batches" are mixed, ready for melting. Here 
lies the sand, in a heap, looking something like a snowdrift, 
it is so white. This is the principal ingredient used in glass- 
making and must be the very purest and whitest that can be 
obtained, or the glass will not be clear and bright. As nice 
and clean as the sand is when brought here, it has to be 
throughly washed, to free it from anything that might injure 
(he quality of the glass. So, too, the pearlash has to go 
through a cleansing process, before it will suit the very 
particular man who attends to the mixing of the compound. 
This is done in another part of the building, by leaching the 
pearlash in great bottles, and after it has well settled, evaporating 
the water. To the sand and pearlash are added litharge, or 
ri'd lead, a little manganese, nitre and arsenic, and sometimes 
c jbalt. It requires great care in getting the right proportions 
of the different materials. This will make a very fine quality 
of glass, such as is used for our finest table-ware, mirrors, and 
all other articles that require the greatest purity and brilliancy. 
For a more eomuion kind of glass, coarser materials are used, 
and lime takes the place of lead. 

After the batch is thoroughly mixed, it is taken to the 
furnace and poured into a great pot of fire-clay, that will hold 
a great many hundred pounds. The heat of this furnace is so 
terrible that we do not care to inspect it very closely, and we 
tire glad to get out and breathe a cooler air. In about eighteen 
or twenty hours some one opens the pot, that has been 
securely closed, and tries the glass. It is doing nicely, though 
as yet only partly melted. As it has settled down a good deal, 
he puts in a fresh lot of the batch, and closes up the mouth of 
the pot again. Once again it is tried, and is then found to be 
dear and bright. It has taken thirty-five or forty hours to 
change the dry mixture into a molten mass, ready for working. 

And now commences a busy time; for glass, like candy, must 
be worked while it is soft. Quite a number of men and boys 
are employed at a time in making rip the ware. A part of it 
is to be made into lamp chimneys. The experienced "blower" 
sits near the furnace, waiting for his work to be brought to 
him. His assistant dips a long iron tube into the pot of 
melted glass, taking up a sufficient quantity for one chimney, 
rolls it on a flat piece of iron, and blowing through it a little, 
hands it to the other to finish. He blows through the tube, 
pinches the partly formed chimney, whirls it swiftly around, 
heats it in the furnace to soften it — for by this time it has 
become too cool to work nicely — turns up a rim at the bottom, 
tests its width, and with a piece of cold steel cuts it off at the 
right length. All this has been done in about a minute from 
the time the glass was taken from the pot. 

Further on the workmen — still called blowers, though they 
now have no blowing to do — are moulding the glass. Before 
the mould press, a machine for pressing the glass into various 
articles, that could not be shaped by the first method, the 
blower sits ready for the lump of glass that the assistant is bring- 
ing on his iron rod. This he pours into the open mould on the 
platform, and taking a pair of shears, he cuts ofTjust the right 
quantity; then, pushing the mould into its place, down comes 

plunger, pressing the glass into its proper shape. Then the 



mould is taken away, and a dainty little vase is turned out of 
it, just right to put upon your table, filled with fresh roses. 
These moulds are of cast-iron, and some of them are engraven 
with very beautiful patterns. 

Yonder is a pot of red glass, from which some handsome 
lamps are being made; but see how careful the blowers are of 
it! They first take a ball of clear glass, large enough to make 
the lamp, and then dipping it quickly into the red glass, coat 
it with that color. In whatever way that lamp may be shaped, 
the color remains the same, and one would hardly think that 
the brilliant hue is only on the surface. The very great cost of 
the coloring — oxydized gold — makes it nescssary to use it 
sparingly, or the articles would be too expensive for common 
use. 

The wares now made are not allowed to cool off suddenly. 
They are taken to the annealing furnace, which is many feet 
in length, with one end heated very hot, and the other cold. 
Here is a constant succession of iron pans moving along on 
rollers. The glassware is put into a pan at the hot end, and 
rolls along, cooling off gradually till it comes out cold at the 
other end. The articles do not look so well as they did before, 
lor the sulphur in the coke used in the annealing furnace has 
given them a bluish tint, but a washing in cold water makes 
them clean and brigh 1 . 

Still they do not look quite finished, for on some of the pieces 
lumps have been left, and the edges are quite rough. So they 
are sent to the cutting shop, where on coarse stones these 
impeifections are ground off. In this room, too, are emery- 
wheels, which cut beautiful patterns on some of the pieces, 
changing them from plain ware to elegant cut glass. 

After the melted glass has all been worked up there are a 
great many lumps and threads that have been dropped or 
ground off.' These, with the imperfect pieces of work, are 
called "cullct," and are carefully gathered up, mixed with 
another "batch," and melted over. — Little Corporal. 




mmwuvn Slkefelwsu 



.A. ^TOY^a-IE TO THE SOUTH 
PACIFIC TSX-jAHSriDS- 



BY AM ASA POTTER. 



FtVE days more passed, and in this time the seas -became 
more calm. We spent our time in fishing, and caught many 
large and good fish, such as the skip-jack, sheep's-head and 
white-fish. We used a long line with a hook on it, and for 
bait put on a piece of red flannel. This we trailed behind the 
ghip, and the fish would jump and catch it, and of course get 
pulled on board. There were many large birds following the 
ship, and in the hope of catching one, I got a piece of fresh 
meat, and baited iny hook, and let it trail behind the vessel. 
A large albatross caught the bait and the hook caught in its 
jaw, and by the help of the first mate, I pulled the bird on 
board of the vessel. A sailor killed it, and I measured its 
wings, and found it to measure fifteen and one-third feet from 
end to end when fully stretched. This fowl is of the duck 
species, and is the largest of all the fowls of the great Pacific 
Ocean. 

In this latitude we saw many large right whales. 1 say right 
whales, for there are several kinds of whales: the sperm, sul 





JUTEITILE HTSTBUCTOK. 



113 





phur-bottom, hump-back, fin-back and the right whale; this 
last mentioned whale is the largest of all, but not the most 
profitable for oil. The whale is a warm-blooded fish and cannot 
stay under water more than seventy minutes at one time, and 
when it comes to the surface of the water, it raises its head out 
from five to ten feet, and blows the water out of its 
nostrils to the hight of fifteen or twenty feet. A very large 
whale dove near our ship one morning, and when it came up 
it was close by the side of the ship. The captain called all to 
come on deck and see the whale; so we all went to the side of 
the vessel, and there it was, with its back out of water about 
five feet, and appeared to be about eighty-five feet long. It 
did not lay in that position but five minutes, when it dove again 
throwing the water high in the air with its tail. 

Soon after, a large school of flying fish came over the ship, 
and some of them lodged on deck. These fish can arise out of 
the top of a wave and fly in the air till their wings get dry, 
when they immediately fall; and it sometimes happens that 
they fall on the deck of a ship; in which case they are as help- 
less as any other fish. 

We also saw a large school of porpoises coming near the 
ship. The captain called to the first and second mates to pre- 
pare harpoons, and make ready to lower a boat. The boat was 
accordingly made ready, and the mates and four sailors 
descended into it, and pursued the fish. They had not gone 
far before a large porpoise came near the boat and the first 
mate threw his harpoon into it. A great struggle ensued in 
which the boat was nearly upset, but they succeeded in captur- 
ing the fish and brought it on board. This fish is sometimes 
called the hog-fish, on account of its resemblance to a hog. Its 
meat looks like pork, and its head looks like a hog's head. It 
is a warm blooded fish, and breathes air, and cannot live under 
water more than thirty minutes at one time. Its weight is from 
two hundred to five hundred pounds. Its meat is very much 
relished by sailors. 

While we were thus sailing, and all was enjoyable, Captain 
Baxter came out of the cabin on to what is called the poop 
deck, and called to his mates and sailors to come aft to him. 
When they had done so, he said: "I find by examining the 
barometer that a heavy storm is coming; so every man to his 
post, and keep a strict lookout to-night, for we are surrounded 
by islands on three sides." The sun set clear and fine, and to 
all appearances there was a prospect of a pleasant night; but 
within two hours afterwards the wind raised until it blew a per- 
fect hurricane. All sails were furled but two, the wind whistled 
through the rigging and the ship reeled on the merciless waves, 
and could hardly be managed. The man at the wheel was 
tied fast to prevent his being washed overboard,' and every 
man lashed to his post. While we were in this condition of 
peril the cry was heard from the man on the lookout, "Land 
ahead," and all were called on deck. Sure enough, the land 
could be seen, the waves beating against the rocks and flying 
up to a distance of a hundred feet into the air. 

Here we were drifting on to our destination at the rapid rate 
of about twelve miles an hour, and the crew almost helpless. 
We heard a call from the captain: "Tack ship!" and the effort 
was made but to no purpose. The roar of the seas and the 
weeping and screaming on board was truly heart-rending. At 
this time the. blessing that President Heber 0. Kimball pro- 
nounced on my head, previous to starting, came to mind, lie 
said that there would be times, while on 1113' mission, when to 
all human appearance that death could not be avoided, but 
the angels of God should protect me and I should live to fill 
my mission to the islands. 



Again we heard a cry from the captain, to the man at the 
wheel: "Hard down on the starboard quarter; we are running 
into a bay ! ' ' As we approached the land the wind lulled, the 
waves ceased rolling so high and the passengers began to think 
that we were safe once more. But we were not out of danger 
yet, for the sequel proved that we had been driven between 
two islands in a narrow space about three miles wide, and in a 
place where a ship had perhaps never been before. After 
sailing about twelve miles we came into the open sea again, 
with but very little injury, except from the fright. 
(To he Co?itinaed.) 



.a. zlzessoust iirsr scizEztraiK!. 

FOR THE LITTLE ONES. 



BY ANNIE E. CARLYLE. 



IT was a beautiful morning in spring. The birds were singing 
praise to their Maker in their sweetest notes. The sun was 
just peeping from behind the mountain tops far to the east. 
Not a cloud could be seen in the clear blue sky. Little Nellie 
and Eddie Arlington were early risers, and were always ready to 
take their morning walk with Aunt Kate who was waiting for 
them in the hall. Nellie proposed a walk to the meadow, 
Eddie had no objection as long as he could have a romp with 
Frisk, his constant companion, so off they started. 

Nellie and Aunt Kate talked of the fine morning the trees 
and birds. Nellie was astonished to see how the grass and 
flowers sparkled with dew. 

Eddie said he guessed it must have rained last night. 

"No brother," said Nellie, "I do not think so, it is probably 
dew, because there is no dew nor rain on the road. Where 
does the dew come from Auntie and what is it!" 

"I will tell you, but I am afraid you will not understand. If 
you remember it was a very warm day yesterday. Well, the 
heat from the sun warms the air and the earth, which some- 
times becomes very warm. At night when the sun does not 
shine, the earth becomes cold, because it throws off its heat by 
radiation, that means, by passing off in straight lines like the rays 
of the sun. The light and heat of the sun are its rays. The 
air being warm and full of moisture, that is water, when it 
conies in contact with the cold earth, or any thing colder than 
itself, is immediately condensed into a watery substance that 
you see on the grass and flowers, which is called dew. ' ' 

"Oh how funny!" exclaimed both the children at once, "but 
there is not any dew on the road! Why is that Auntie?' ' 

"In some things the heat will stay a long time and in others 
it will not, these are called good and bad conductors of heat. 
The road is a bad conductor because it takes in the heat so 
slowly that it does not get as warm neither does it part with its 
heat as readily as the grass and flowers. Then when night 
conies it is not very warm, consequently, it has but little heat 
to throw off, and it throws that off so slowly that it is morning 
before it is cold enough to condense the moisture of the air 
into dew. 

"There children the breakfast bell is ringing, we must post- 
pone onr next lesson till some other time, and I hope you will 
remember what I have told you about dew." 



-*-+- 



SUPPOSING a flea to weigh one grain — it really weighs a trifle 
less — and to jump a yard and a half; a man of 150 pounds 
weight, with jumping powers in proportion, would readily leap 
12,500 miles, or from New York to Canton, China. 





114 



CTJ^TElSriXjE IITSTBTJOTOR 





GEORGE Q. CANNON, 










SATURDAY, 


MAY 9, 


1874. 




EDITOK/LAXj THOUGHTS. 

T is a very coiumon custom among the 

Sabbath schools of the sects of the day to 

ask the children what they will "do for 

Jesus," or what they will each give to send 

the Scriptures to the heathen. We also 

have a question to ask, and we address it 

to every youthful Latter-day Saint, It is: 

What will you do for yourself and your 

own salvation? 

God has given every one of you, even the 

very youngest, an influence, which you can use 

for good or for evil. Not one of you lives like 

a hermit of old, hid away in the midst of rocks 

or deserts. You dwell with your families and 

friends, and are known unto them and are earning 

a character for being either a good or a bad boy or 

We ask you what you will do to help build up 
the kingdom of God on the earth? You may think you can 
do but little. Not so, if you try. The Lord requires every 
Latter-day Saint to unite in rolling on His work, no matter 
how young. Youth is not an excuse for refraining from aiding 
the cause of truth, and we will tell you a few things which you 
can do, which you will admit are not beyond your powers of 
body or mind. 

You can pray unto the Lord, and seek His blessing and the 
guidance of His Holy Spirit, daily. 

You can obey your parents and the Holy Priesthood in al] 
things they require of you. 

You can attend your meetings and Sabbath schools, and 
there set an example of attention and good behavior. 

You can seek information from all good sources, and con 
stantly add to your stores of wisdom and knowledge. 

You can be honest and just in all your dealings, and fair in 
all your play. 

You can use your influence to prevent your companions 
doing or saying that which is wrong, and can shun the company 
of the evil-doer. 

You can be clean in your person, neat in your dress, pleasant 
in your manners, kind in your behavior and respectful to those 
to whom you should give honor. 

You can consider the comfort and welfare of others, and by 
little acts of kindness and love make happy those with whom 
you associate. 

And more than all this, you can take an active part in per- 
forming some work or duty with zeal and diligence in spreading 
a knowledge of the principles of the gospel. 

You can also refrain from many things. You can refrain 
from using coar. e and vulgar language and from taking the 
name of God in vain, or speaking lightly of His character or 
of His revelations and gospel. 

You can refrain from taking that which di ics not belong to you, 
or from keeping that which you know belongs to somebody else. 

You can refrain from calling hard names, quarreling or 
fighting, or from becoming angry and "getting in a passion" 
fhen everything does not go as you wish. 




You can refrain from drinking strong drink or using tobacco, 
and can be temperate in your food and manner of living. 

You can refrain from being harsh or overbearing to your 
younger brothers and sisters and companions, or from taking 
advantage of those who cannot help themselves. 

You can refrain from being cruel to, or torturing any of 
God's creatuies, be they birds, beasts or insects. 

You can refrain from working or playing on the Sabbath 
day, and from disobeying God's command wherein He says, 
"Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." 

You can refrain from encouraging evil and wicked thoughts 
in your minds, or from giving way to revenge, malice, envy 
and other bad passions. 

Can you not, with the help of the Holy Spirit, do all this 
that is good, and refrain from all that we have mentioned that 
is evil? And if so, will you not be doing something towards 
the building up of the kingdom of God on the earth and work- 
ing out your own eternal salvation? 



< * t* ^>* « ^ 



ciisrisrj^nvEOiNr. 



CINNAMON-BARK is well-known to all our readers. Buys and 
girls, as well as many grown people, like to scent and eat 
i:. It is an article of commerce, and great quantities are brought 
to this country every year. It is in daily use. but not many 
take any thought about where and how it grows, and how it is 
prepared for the market. 

The cinnamon plant is supposed to bi a native of Ceylon, an 
island in the Indian Ocean, south of Asia, the people of which 
are called the Ceylonese. Rut this plant is cultivated chiefly by 
the people of China, not because a better quality or more 
abundant crop is produced there, but because the Chinese are 
more industrious, and value commerce more highly than the 
Ceylonese. 

These countries have their cinnamon harvest, when a 1 .! hands 
are busily engaged, as we are in gathering the productions of 
this country. Rut this harvest commences in Ma*' and 
continues until October. 

The plants are not cut down and destroyed, but the twigs, 
or shoot limbs, are carefully selected and cut off, ranging in 
size from a half inch to two inches, the smaller the better. 

After they are cut from the plant, a knife, made for the 
purpose, is run several times lengthwise through the bark, so 
that it may be easily stripped off. 

After being stripped off, the bark is dried in the sun. and 
rolls up like (mills. It is then bound into bundles of thirty 
pounds each, sewed up in mats, and sent to market. 

The "cassia-buds" which are procured at the drug and 
confectionery stores, and chewed to sweeten the breath, are the 
dried flowers of the cinnamon-tree, gathered for commerce just 
before they burst into bloom. 



Different Alphabets.— The Sandwich Island has twelve 
letters; the Burmese, nineteen; the Italian, twenty; the Bcngal- 
ese, twenty-one; the Hebrew. Syriac, Chaldee, Samaritan and 
Latin, twenty-two each; the French, twenty three; the Greek, 
twenty-four; the German and Dutch, twenty-six each; the 
Spanish and Slavonic, twenty-seven each' the Arabic, twenty- 
eight; the Persian and Coptic, thirty-two each; the Georgian, 
thirty-five; the Armenian, thirty-eight; the Russian, forty- 
one; the Muscovite, forty-three: the Sanscrit and Japanese, 
fifty each; the Ethiopia and Tartarian, two hundred and 
two each. 





J"TJ^El^riLE] IUSTETJCTOR. 



IT 5 




03STIj"Y" OUSTIE O TTSTOJ^CEI^. 



IT was only one customer that the surly man snubbed. The 
customer asked for ten cents' worth of wire. The surly man 
said something to him about the trouble of cutting ofF so 
small a piece, and sneered at him for being such a small cus- 
tomer. He cut it off from the roll, and the customer, who 
had intended to buy some hinges and bolts, and two or three 
locks, which might have amounted in all to five dollars, con- 
cluded to go to another shop for the rest. He paid for his ten 
cents' worth of wire, and pushed on to the next hardware 
store. The surly man did not even bid him good day. That 
one customer seemed a very small affair to the dealer, because 
he wanted to purchase such a limited amount of merchandise. 
He forgot that a man does not ask in one breath for all he 
wants. He forgot that the small customer of to-day may be 
the large customer of to-morrow. He forgot that the man 
who is treated shabbily 
at a store seldom returns 
to it except for some- 
thing which cannot be 
purchased elsewhere. 
He forgot the influence 
which each customer 
carries with him for 
good or ill. 

Courtesy brings cus- 
tom, and if custom 
brings success in busi- 
ness, courtesy must not 
be neglected. A man 
who is politely treated 
at a store, is very apt 
to come again, and to 
mention his experience 
to his friends. A man 
who is rudely dealt with 
is still more apt to tell 
his friends of it, and 
warn them against the 
place. Some men have 
built up large business- 
es, and have got rich in 
spite of their uncivil 
treatment of people 
with whom they deal. 
How much more they 
might have made if they had been polite, it is difficult to 
calculate. Let every young man understand that, all things 
being equal, the courteous business man will make a much 
better success of his work than the crust} - and ill-natured one 
is ever likelv to. — Selected. 



\ Ipog's Ifom^ %md t\\t IJMi 



BY G. M. O. 



A HARD VOYAGE— ARRIVAL AT "FRISCO." 




zpzeludie insr fiite clothes. 




How proud we are, how fond to show 
Our clothes, and call them rich and new; 
When the poor sheep and silkworm wore 
That very clothing long beforel 

The tulip and the butterfly 

Appear in gayer clothes than I; 

Let me be dressed tine as I will, 

Flies, worms, and flowers exceed me still. 

Dr. Watts. 



A pint of rice and a pint of water a day was but poor living, 
and our passengers, unused to hardship and privation v 
drooped and pined away rapidly. Day after day we assembled^ 
around the gangway plank to consign the emaciated body of a 
fellow creature to the dark, deep waters of the blue sea. One 
day we buried three. When the boatswain's mournful call, at 
the commencement of our voyage, summoned us to attend on 
such sorrowful occasions, passengers and crew respectfully.' 
attended; but towards the last, little notice was taken of a 
d sath, a few of the crew only attending to the last sad rites 

due to our fellow man. 
To such complete indif- 
ference had privation, 
and suffering reduced 
us, that, on one occa- 
sion, through the misap- 
plied words of an officia- 
ting passenger, accusing 
the seamen of a want of 
feeling, a sailor knocked 
him down, and a free 
fight commenced over 
the body of the dead. 
During the row the 
captain' pushed the 
corpse overboard, and 
then quelled the dis- 
turbance. 

A pathologist on 
board of our ship might 
have amused himself by 
daily studying the grad- 
ual growth and progress 
of the consuming dis- 
ease, is we may call it a 
disease, produced by 
hunger and thirst; and 
the common observer 
could not but notice the 
different manner that 
our privation an 1 want affected the different temperaments 
huddled together on our narrow decks. I am satisfied that 
nothing will bring man's selfishness to the surface quicker or 
more completely than hunger. 

Taking every advantage of the light puffs of wind, day and 
night, we slowly worked our way northward and into the usual 
track of California bound vessels. One morning we found 
ourselves in company with two brigs, one to windward and one 
to leeward of us. We lowered our boat and boarded the 
leeward brig. She proved to be the Bum'canna, of Valparaiso, 
with a cargo of flour. Although they had plenty to eat on 
board their vessel, they had been so long on the voyage from 
Conception Bay, that they were reduced to a very short allow- 
ance of water. AVhile our boat was visiting the Chilian brig. 
a boat from the vessel to the windward boarded us. She 
proved to be the Montezuma, trom Callao, bound for San 
Francisco, with a cargo of potatoes and onions. She had be- 





116 



0" TT "V IE I£T I L IE I2<rSTBUOTOB 





so long on the voyage that the vegetables had rotted. They 
reported having plenty of water, but nothing to eat. During 
the morning an exchange was made between the three vessels, 
the Montezuma exchanging water for flour with the Hurrieanna, 
and we, not having water or flour, raised by subscription 
among the passengers and crew, money enough to purchase 
ninety-two sacks of flour, each sack containing twelve and a 
half pounds. This was divided equally as soon as brought on 
board. The wise and prudent managed to make their share 
spin out a long time, but the improvident, in a gluttonous 
manner, soon used up the few pounds (five) given them, and 
then accused the officers of unfairness in the division. 

The flour procured from the brig proved beneficial in more 
ways than one. The change from the rice and water diet, and 
the prospect of falling in with other vessels, seemed to revive 
the little hope yet remaining; besides we were getting into 
more northern latitudes, and, although the wind was not any 
too favorable, we had it continuous. We were getting out of 
the regions of calm, and the weather was cooler and more 
bracing, creating a decided improvement in our health roll. 

After our flour gave out we had three or four days more of 
rice and water, when we fell in with the clipper ship Aramingo, 
of New York. The captain of this vessel kindly furnished us 
with two weeks' provisions, consisting of hams, beef, pork 
and hard-bread. To prevent wastefulness and grumbling, our 
captain placed the articles in the keeping of a committee, with 
orders to dole out so much per day. This satisfied the provi- 
dent, and put a check on the improvident. Fifteen days after 
parting with the Aramingo we came very near running ashore, 
during a heavy fog, on the coast of California. It seems to 
me it was only by a miracle that we were saved, so nearly our 
fate seemed sealed. The next day we were off the "Golden 
Grate," and the following day, June 7. 1852, we anchored in 
the great bay of San Francisco, having been one hundred and 
seven days on our passage, forty-eight of which we lived on one 
pint of rice and one pint of water a day for each person. 

Before dark all hands were ashore with their appetites 
satisfied, and their heads full of visions of a golden future. 
All our privations anil hardships of the voyage were forgotten 
in the joy of our arrival. 

I and the greater part of the IZmcena's crew took quarters 
at the Battery House, a sailors' boarding house, situated on 
Battery Street, at the foot of Telegraph Hill, and kept by a 
son of the Emerald Isle, named Donriovan. We found our 
own bedding, and slept in bunks, all in one room, (in factthere 
were only three rooms in the house) and paid the modest sum 
of ten dollars a week for the privilege. 

In the summer of 1578 Sir Francis Brake discovered a small 
bay on the coast of California, a few miles northward from 
the bay of San Francisco, a bay which still bears his name. 
He called the country New Albion, but the entrance to the 
great bay or harbor of San Francisco it appears was not discov- 
ered until the year 1775, by a Spaniard named Portala, com- 
manding a small vessel called the San Carlos. A presidio and 
a mission were commenced in the autumn of 177ii. under the 
direction of a friar named Junipero, Previous to the year 
1848 history has little of moment to record relating to San 
Francisco harbor, and the country surrounding. The remote 
and little-known coast of California was scarcely visited. 
Now and then a vessel trading for hides found its way into the 
vast solitude of this bay. The ruinous presidio and mission, 
almost deserted, a few Indians, myriads of sea-birds hovering 
over the islands and small herds of cattle feeding on the hills, 
alone indicated that it was inhabited by man. 



How different was the picture when we anchored in the bay 
a little more than four years later. Ships from all parts of the 
world counted by hundreds lay moored in front of and crowded 
the wharves of a large and populous city. The white sails of 
coasting and river craft dotted this inland sea, steamers darting 
over the placid waters sent up long columns of smoke, while 
on shore the clank of machinery and the busy buz and rattle of 
an enterprising people drove away all solitude. 

San Francisco was all life and bustle. Ship-load after ship- 
load of fortune hunters daily landed on her docks. Wages 
were high, living was high, and, as a general thing, the newly 
arrived were penniless; consequently there were plenty of appli- 
cants whenever a situation was offered. Those who had the 
means rushed to the gold mines, others — and a numerous class 
— trusted to their wits and the gaming tables. For merchants, 
mechanics and tradesmen there was a great demand; but, alas, 
for the poor sailor there was but little or nothing to do, unless 
he shipped for the big "wages offered to carry him away from 
the port. It was so hard for vessels to procure a crew 
that shipping masters and boarding-house keepers and "run- 
ners" resorted to an expedient called "Shanghaeing. " This 
was simply getting a sailor dead drunk, and while in that 
condition, carrying him on board of a vessel about to sail. 
Not only seamen, but landsmen, were nightly entrapped in 
this way. When such a poor deluded fellow came to his 
senses he found himself outside the harbor bound he knew not 
where, and that his wages for the voyage had been drawn by 
the sharks who brought him on board. Whole crews were 
brought on board of vessels in one night, in a drunken, drugged, 
unconscious condition. 

I tried several times to get employment on shore, but with- 
out success. The very idea of my being a sailor shut me out 
from all things disconnected with ships. 

Four or five times I worked at Bincon's Point, rigging 
vessels, but the jobs only lasted for a day or two. For this 
work I was paid one dollar an hour. I did not wish to go to 
sea again if I could possibly avoid it, but my board bill wrs 
daily running up, and I could see no other alternative. After 
holding out for nearly a month, a few of my shipmates, who 
had not been "Shanghaed" persuaded me to sign the articles 
of the barque C'arib > bound for Payta and Valparaiso. As I 
had lost my protection paper I applied at the custom house 

for a new one. In this I gave my name as G M . It 

is dated July 28, 1852, No. 75. After going back to the board- 
ing house I was persuaded by Donnovan to give up my place 
on the Carib to a sailor named Ben. I was not at all reluctant 
to do so. as I did not wish to go back to the sandy hills of 
Payta. So Ben took my place on the barque, and I continued 
"cruising" around the city in hopes of finding a situation; but 
meeting with disappointment after disappointment, I resolved 
to ship on the first opportunity that was presented to my 
liking. This soon turned up in a shape that promised very 
fairly, as it was almost impossible to ship men for love or 
money. High wages were offered, and all kinds of inducements 
held out. 

While in San Francisco. I met Bartlett and the boat-steerer 
who had run away from the Maria at Payta. I also fell in 

with the cooper. F . He deserted from the whaler after 

she left the coast of Peru. He told me that Captain B 

was so poorly in health that he ran into Valparaiso, and from 
there started for home, leaving the ship in charge of the 
mate. The cooper left at the same time and sailed for Hong 
Kong, from which place he had just arrived when I met 
him. 





J""U"V:e:ETIXj:E] IITSTRUCTOR 



117 




The clipper ship Kate Hayes, of Providence R. I., Captain 

M , wanted a crew. She was bound to Shanghae, and the 

captain said he was going there for a cargo of Chinamen, to 
bring them to San Francisco. He offered one hundred and 
forty dollars for the run there, and he would pay the wages of 
that port to the crew on the return voyage. As the condition 
seemed very good, some ten of us signed the articles, 
receiving one hundred dollars of our wages in advance, the 
balance, forty, we were to receive in Shanghae. All hands 
tumbled on board, the anchor was hove up and the ship beat 
down the bay. It was on a lovely August afternoon, and all 
hands felt sorry to leave "Frisco," but left fondly dreaming it 
was only for a few short months. 



THE BAB-TAILED 

hi ~u~ nv: im: i nsr a- - b i b id . 



H 




UJIMING-BIRDS are the smallest and most beautiful ot feath- 
ered creatures. The very 
"the giant," and is as large as 
a swallow; the smallest, no larger 
than a bee, is called ' 'the dwarf. 

They have strong wings, and 
are always flitting about from 
flower to flower, sucking the 
honey hidden deep in the blos- 
som. They are hardy little 
creatures, and are found in 
almost all parts of South an 
North America, even as far 
north as Canada; but in Brazil 
and Guiana they are most 
abundant. They are also very 
plentiful in China. 

The Bar-tailed Humming, or 
Sapho Bird, of which we give 
a picture, is a native of Ea-tern 
Peru. 

At least five hundred kii 
of humming-birds are known. 
Mr. Gould has described three 
hundred, of which he has actual 
specimens. 

Buffou, a French naturalist, 
becomes quite enthusiastic in 
his description of this little 
bird. "Of all animated beings," says he, "the humming-bird 
is the most elegant in form and most splendid in coloring. 
Precious stones and metals, artificially polished, can never be 
compared to this jewel of nature. The emerald, the ruby, the 
topaz, sparkle in its plumage, which is never soiled by the dust 
of the ground, for its whole life being aerial, it rarely lights on 
the turf. It dwells in the air, and, flitting from flower to 
flower, it seems to be itself a flower in freshness and splendor. ' ' 

Audubon, our own great American naturalist, compares it 
to the glittering fragment of a rainbow. The American 
Indians give it a name signifying a sunbeam. 

There is much in the habits and appearance of the humming- 
bird that is calculated to interest and excite the admiration of 
all who love to study the beauties of God's creations. 
"Say, gem of the air, who wrought thy form? 

Who, with a pencil bold, 
Hath tipped thy wings with living fire, 
And burnished thy crest of gold? 



"Who made thy breast as an emerald fair, 
And thine eyes as diamonds bright? 

As thy sapphire pinions fan the air, 
Who spangled them with light? 

' It was the same Almighty hand 
' That made the vast round earth; 
The power that made made both sun and stars, 
That deigned to give me birth? 



GOOD IIVH A ZK. I DVL" S . 




NEVER be idle. If your hands cannot be usefully employed, 
attend to the cultivation of your mind. 
Always speak the truth. 
Keep good company or none. 
Make few promises. 
Live up to your engagements. 
Keep your own secrets, if you have any. 
When you speak to a person, look him full in the face. 

Good company and good con- 
versation are the very sinews of 
virtue. 

Good character is of the first 
importance. 

Never listen to idle or loose 
conversation. 
fc You had better be poisoned 
B in your blood than in your prin- 
§f ciples. 

Your character cannot be es- 
■ sentially injured except by your 
= own acts. 

If any one speaks evil of you. 
B let your life be so virtuous that 
B none will believe him. 
B Drink no intoxicating liquors. 
Ever live, misfortunes except- 
ed, within your income. 

When you retire to bed, 
think over what you have done 
during the day. 

Never speak lightly of relig- 
ion. 

Make no haste to get rich, if 
you would prosper. 

Small and steady gains give 
competency with tranquility of mind. 

Avoid temptation through fear that you may not with- 
stand it. 

Earn your money before you spend it. 
Never run in debt, unless you see a way to get out again. 
Never borrow if you can possibly avoid it. 
Be just before you are generous. 
Never indulge in any game of chance. 
Keep yourself innocent, if you would be happy. 
Save when you are young to spend when you are old. 
Never think that what you do for the cause of God is time 
or money misspent. 

Read some portion of the Scriptures every day.- 



Sefocted, 



The art of conversation is not only to say the right thing in 
in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid 
the wrong thing at the tempting moment. 





118 



J TJ V E 1ST I L E I1TSTRUOTOE/ 




liiecibles 




*\ 



zhz^hsts hoilbei^T- 



From Chambers' Miscellany. 



From these great Italian and German artists we now turn to 
one whose life and works we may almost claim as English, 
though he was himself of foreign birth— Hans Holbein. 
While, under the fostering of these great painters, art wa s 
advancing towards perfection in Italy, in England it was 
scarcely heard of. Holbein was the first artist in England, the 
rest were only limners of caricatured human faces. 

Hans Holbein was born at Basel in 1498, or, according to 
some, in 149"). His father, John Holbein, was himself an 
artist, though of low order; however he instructed his son as 
far as lay in his power. When very young, Hans painted a 
picture for the town-hall of Basel, and two others for the 
fish-market of this his native place. They were two unusual 
subjects— a "Dance of Peasants," and the renowned "Dance 
of Death." This strange picture attracted universal attention. 
It figured death as a grisly skeleton, leading the dance with 
childhood, youth, and old age: the beauty of woman, the 
strength of manhood, and the feebleness of old age, being alike 
whirled along in the arms of death. The vigor and effectiveness 
of various groups, the quaintnessof the idea, and the strange but 
solemn moral conveyed, won for the young artist great praise. 

Not long afterwards there came an English nobleman to 
Basel. He saw Holbein's pictures, and earnestly invited him 
to England, where art, such as it was, began to meet whh 
great encouragement. But Holbein, devoted to youthful 
follies, cared little for his future welfare, and declined the 
offer. Some years after, he married; these new cares, with 
his own extravagance, kept him very poor. He listened 
willingly to Erasmus when he advised him to seize the former 
rejected opportunity, and proceed to England. Holbein's 
violent-tempered wife made his home miserable, so that he 
felt less reluctance to depart. He left Basel, and proceeded on 
his way to England, being so poor, that he was obliged to paint 
at each town to gain money for his traveling expenses. 

A story is told of Holbein like that of Giotto. While staying 
at Strasbourg, he came to a painter there for employment, and 
was desired to shew what he could execute. Holbein went 
away, began and completed a very good picture, then painted 
a bee upon it in the most conspicuous part. He left the 
picture at this artist's house, procured money elsewhere, and 
went on his way from Strasbourg. The artist seeing the picture, 
at first took the bee for a real one; then discovering his error, and 
delighted with the picture, sent everywhere for the unknown 
young man who could paint so well. The search was fruitless, for 
Holbein was far on his journey, leaving behind the clever picture, 
which, with his usual carelessness, he entirely disregarded. 

Arrived in England, after almost begging his way thither, 
Holbein presented to Sir Thomas More the letter of his friend 
Erasmus. This great and good man immediately received him 
into his own house, where the artist resided, a contented and 
honored inmate, for three years. Holbein one day, talking 
to his patron about his early life, informed Sir Thomas how he 
had long before been invited to England by a nobleman. The 
chancellor was anxious to know his name, but Holbein had 
entirely forgotten it. "However," said he, "I remember his 
face so well, that I think I could draw his likeness from 




memory." He did so; and More immediately recognized the 
noble and gallant poet, the young Earl of Surrey. 

Sir Thomas now thought of introducing Hans Holbein to the 
king, Henry VIII. ; but it required some skill not to offend the 
capricious and self-opinionated monarch. More hung all 
Holbein's best works, disposed in the best order, round his 
own hall at Chelsea and then invited the king to a grand enter- 
tainment. Henry was so charmed with the sudden view of so 
many good pictures, that he inquired if the artist were alive. 

"He is here, so please your grace," cried the glad and kind- 
hearted Sir Thomas, pointing out Hans Holbein, whom the 
king immediately took into his service and especial favor, 
with a salary of two hundred florins per annum. 

Holbein was now a courtier and favorite of the fickle 
Henry: no enviable position. His first patron, Sir Thomas, 
soon after fell a victim to that cruel monarch; yet, strange 
enough, it wrought no change in Holbein's position at court. 
Perhaps the real cause of this is best elucidated by an anecdote 
of Holbein at the time, which proves the opinion of Henry 
with regard to him. A nobleman of high rank came to visit 
the painter one day when he was particularly engaged drawing 
from the life. Holbein sent to request that his lordship would 
defer the honor of his visit. The nobleman, indignant at 
what he considered an affront, went up-stairs and broke open 
the door of the painting-room. Holbein met him, and in a 
great rage pushed his intrusive visitor from the top of the 
stairs to the bottom. Calm reflection soon shewed to the 
artist the danger in which he stood; he went immediately 
to the king and told the whole story. Soon after, the 
exasperated nobleman appeared, to claim vengeance for the 
wrong. Henry ordered the painter to ask pardon, which 
Holbein did; but nothing short of his life would satisfy the 
enraged patrician. He declared this; upon which the king's 
manner changed, and he sternly replied: "My lord duke, 
you have now not to deal with Holbein, but with me. What- 
ever you do against him, shall fall tenfold on your own head. I 
can, whenever I please, make seven lords out of seven plow- 
men; but out of seven lords I cannot make one Holbein." 

After the death of Queen Jane Seymour, a new bride was 
proposed to Henry. Holbein was sent to Flanders to take her 
portrait; but she was rejected by the king of England. He 
drew the picture of Anne of Cleves, in which he flattered her 
so much, that Henry, charmed with her supposed beauty, 
married her. But the reality was found much inferior to the 
portrait, and Holbein's want of truth caused the death of his 
friend, Thomas Cromwell, who had urged the union; yet still 
the fortunate artist kept the royal favor. 

Hans Holbein was universal in his capabilities; he painted 
equally well in oil, water-colors, and distemper, large 
pictures, or miniatures. He worked with great quickness, and 
his diligence was indefatigable. He painted many portraits of 
his royal master, and of Henry's numerous consorts, together 
with some historical pictures. There is a considerable collection 
of his paintings in the palace at Hampton Court. All his 
works were executed with the left hand. 

Holbein spent the latter part of his life entirely in England, 
and died in London of the plague, before he had reached his 
sixtieth year. What became of his ill-tempered wife is not 
known. Hans Holbein never can be called a great painter; 
there is a ludicrous formality even in his best pictures. They 
are valuable, however, as authentic portraits of the great in 
the stirring times in which his lot fell. Holbein has also the 
praise of being in England, as Cimabue was in Italy, the 
reviver of art. 




-J J 



% 



JUYUJUILE HKTSTZRTJ O T O IR, 



""392 



119 0~ 



ttestiongi atul jlnsnrerji 

OUST THE BIBLE. 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 



LESSON LXIII 

Q.— What is said concerning the character of Moses? 

A. — "Now the man Moses was very meek, above all the men 
which were upon the face of the earth." 

Q. — What occurred to Miriam as a punishment for speaking 
against Moses? 

A.— She ''became leprous, white as snow." 

Q.— How was she healed? 

A. — At the prayer of Moses. 

Q. — How many days was she kept out of the camp? 

A. — Seven days. 

Q. — How many men were sent to search out the land of Canaan? 

A. — One from every tribe. 

Q. — Where did they start from? 

A. — The wilderness of Paran. 

Q.--What kind of men were they? 

A. — They were rulers and heads of the children of Israel. 

y. — What instructions did Moses give them? 

A. — To see what kind of a land it was, and the people whether 
they were stroi.g or weak, few or many. 

Q. — How long were they searching the land? 

A. — They returned after forty days. 

Q. — What kind of a report did they bring? 

A. — An evil report. 

Q.— What did they say? 

A. — That the land eateth up the inhabitants thereof, and that 
the people were giants. 

Q. — Which of the men gave a good report? 

A. — Joshua and Caleb. 

y. — Who was Joshua a descendant of? 

A. — Ephraim. 

Q. — Who was Caleb a descendant of.' 

A.— Judah. 

Q. — What did the children of Israel do when they heard an evil 
report of the land? 

A. — They murmured. 

Q.— Was the Lord pleased with them for complaining? 

A. — No; he threatened to utterly destroy them. 

Q. — Who interceded with the Lord in their behalf? 

A. — Moses. 

Q. — With what success? 

A. — The Lord pardoned them, but declared that they should 
not enter the promised land. 

Q. — Who were the only exceptions to this declaration? 

A. — Caleb and Joshua. 

Q. — \Vhat became of those men who brought back an evil 
report? 

A. — They were destroyed by a plague. 

Q. — What became of those people who persisted in going up to 
the land against the will of God? 

A. — They were smitten by their enemies/ 

Q.— Who were they? 

A. — The Amalekites and Canaanites. 

Q. — What was done to the Sabbath breaker among the children 
of Israel at that time? 

A. — He was stoned to death. 

y. — What were the names of the leaders of a rebellion against 
Moses? 

A. — Korah, Dathan and Abiram. 

Q. — What was their fate? 

A.— The earth opened and swallowed them up. with their 
tit nilies. 

Q.— What happened to the two hundred and fifty men that 
offered incense? 

A. — They were consumed with fire. 



ptiestiotis anil ^nsurcrs 

oilst TuaiiE 
book oe im: o :r im: o :n~ . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXIII. 

Q. — What did Alma do when he saw Zeezrom begin to fear 
and tremble? 

A. — He began to explain things upon which Amulek had not 
fully treated. 

Q. — How did Zeezrom act? 

A. — He asked Alma and Amulek more concerning the kingdom 
of God. 

y. — What doctrine did they teach unto him? 

A. — The resurrection of the dead. 

Q. — What effect did their words have upon the people' 

A. — They were greatly astonished. 

Q. — Who began to question Alma concerning this? 

A. — Antionah. 

Q. — What was his office? 

A. — He was a chief ruler. 

Q — When Alma had finished speaking what did he do? 

A.— He stretched forth his hand and cried unto the people with 
a mighty voice. 

Q.— What did he say? 

A. — "Now is the time to repent, for the day of salvation is 
nigh." 

y. — What effect was produced by his exhortations? 

A. — Many of the people believed on his words and began to 
repent. 

Q. — What was the feeling among the greater portion of the 
people? 

A. — Thej- desired to destroy Alma and Amulek. 

Q.— What for? 

A. — Because they had spoken so plainly concerning their great 
wickedness. 

Q. — What did these unbelievers do? 

A. — They took Alma and Amulek and bound them with strong 
cords. 

Q.— What did they then do? 

A. — They took them before the chiefjudge of the land. 

Q. — What did the people testify against them? 

A. — That they had reviled the law and all the people in the 
land. 

Q. — How did Zeezrom feel during this trial? 

A. — He was troubled in his mind. 

Q.— Why was this? 

A. — Because he saw the blindness among the people had ltoeti 
caused by his own lying words. 

Q.— What did he do? 

A. — He cried aloud unto the people, saying "I am guilty; these 
men are spotless before God." 

Q. — Would the people listen to him? 

A. — No; they spit upon and cast him also out Ehom among 
them. 

Q. — What others did they cast out of their city'.' 

A. — All those who had believed the words of Alma anil Ainu- 
lek. 

Q.--AVhat other persecution d'd the believers in God have to 
endure? 

A. — The wicked sent men to cast stones at them. 

Q. — What was the next step taken? 

A. — They wives and children of all who believed the word of 
Gid were brought together and cast into a fire. 

Q.— What else did they east into the tire? 

A. — Their records which contained the Holy Scriptures. 

Q. — What did they do with Alma and Amulek. 

A. — The took them to the place of martyrdom. 



SBfc. 





ISO 



J-TJ^TEIsriLE] IITSTBTJCTOB 




THE STOHSTE I2ST THE ROAD. 




IN a far-off country and a far-off time, in the domain of 
honest Duke Otho, near the little village of Himmelsmerl, 
in the night time, in a deep cut of the road, called the Dorn- 
thau, you might have seen a tall man in a long cloak, stooping 
0:1 the ground. He was scooping out a little round hole in the 
very middle of the road. When it was as deep as he wished, 
he lined the sides and bottom with pebbles. When this was 
done, the tall man in the long cloak went to the side of the 
mail and worked at a large stone till it was loosened; then he 
took it up, and it was so heavy he could only stagger with it 
to the hole in the road. From the folds in the cloak he took 
something about the size of his list, placed it in the pebble- 
lined hole, let the stone drop so as to cover it wholly, and then 
went his way. 

Next morning a sturdy peasant farmer came that way with 
His lumbering ox-cart. "Oh, the laziness." he cried, "of these 
people! Here is this big stone right in the middle of the 
road, and not one of them bethought himself to thrust it aside; 
it should break the bones of the next body that comes by!" 
And the sturdy Hans lumbered away, muttering to himself at 
the laziness of the people of Himmelsmerl, and told his wife 
ami children when he went home that the Puke ought to 
know what kind of folk his people were. 

Next a gallant knight, with his bright and waving plume 
and dangling sword, rollicked along, singing a lively ditty. 
But his head was too far back for him to notice the stone, and 
down he fell, with his sword between his legs. He dropped 
his song for a growl at "those boors and dolt-headed clod- 
hoppers, that leave a rock in the mail to break a gentleman's 
shins." 

He went on. and next came a company of merchants, with 
pads, peckhorses and goods, on their way to the fair that 
was to be held at the Duke's great town. When these came 
to the stone, so narrow was the road they had to file off on 
either side, and Berthold cried: 

"To think the like of that big stone lying there, and 
every siml to go oast all the morning, and never stop to 
take it away! That will be something to tell friend Hans, 
who is always bewailing the sloth of the Himmelsmerl folk." 

And thus it went on for the three weeks that were left 
of October. Every passenger upbraided his neighbor for 
leaving the hindrance where he found it. 

When three weeks had passed since the tall man in the 
cloak put the stone where we have seen it, the Duke sent 

round to his | pie of Himmelsmerl to meet him on the 

Dornthau, for he had something to tell them. The day was 
come, and a crowd thronged the road at the appointed spot. 
< >M Sans was there, ami the merchant Berthold. Said Hans: 

' I hope my Lord Duke will now know what a lazy set he is 
I hike over." 

"It i- a shame," answered Berthold, 

And now a winding horn was heard, ami the people strained 
necks ami eyes toward the castle as a cavalcade came galloping 
up to the Dornthau. The Duke rode into the cut, and the 
people closed in at each end. ami pres-cil nearer together on 
the bank above. Then honest Otho, who had dismounted, 
began with a half smile to speak. 

"My people, you know I am fond of teaching you now and 
then a lesson in an odd way. and for such a lesson have I called 
you together this day. It was I that put this stone here, and 
for three weeks every passer-by has left it there and scolded 
is neighbor for not taking it out of the way." • 



When he had thus spoken he stooped down, lifted 
the stone, and disclosed a round hollow lined with white 
pebbles, and in it a small leather bag. This the Duke held 
aloft, that all the people might see what was written upon it: 

"For him who lifts the stone!" 

He untied it, turned it upside down, and out upon the stone 
fell, with a beautiful ring, a score of bright gold coins. Hans 
looked at Berthold, and said: 

'Humph!" 

And Berthold looked back at Hans, and said: 

''Humph!" 

And the Duke looked round him with a smile, and said: 

"My people, remember the stone in the road." — 

Selected. 



SU1TDA Y L E S S O IT S . 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



LESSON V. 



Q. — When Jesus went to live with His Father in Heaven, who 
did He leave to lead the Church which He had established? 

A' — His apostles. 

Q. — How many apostles had He' 

A.— Twelve. 

Q. — What were they sometimes called besides apostles? 

A. — Disciples. 

Q — What was the name of the one chosen for president? 

A. — Peter. 

Q. — Which two stood next to Peter in authority, or as counsel- 
ors to him? 

A. — James and John. 

Q. — How many of the apostles wrote histories of Jesus and His 
works? 

A. — Pour. 



-aS*"> - -<2>-- -r-c*. 



CHARADE. 



BY CHAS. REYNOLDS. 



I am composed of nine letters: 

My 1 , 7, 9, is a very busy and useful insect; 

My 6, 7. 2, . c ), is to assist; 

My 2, 3, 8, 5, is an article in common use; 

My 8, 3, 5, 2, 7, is the name of a tree; 

My .'!, 5, 5, 2, 9, is a very nice fruit; 

My 3, 2, 7, is an intoxicating drink; 

My 3, 5, 9, is a species of monkey; 

My whole is something very wicked for anybody to do. 

The answer to the Charade in Number 8 is OUR OWN 
LANGUAGE. We have received correct solutions from L. 
J. Robinson, Parmington; Sarah M. Coleman, Smithfield; 
Eleazer Evans, Lehi; Wm. Wood, Minersville; Helen Brown, 
Becky Xoall. Hyrum Standing, W. B. Child, and Chas. Rey- 
nolds, Salt Lake City. 

0~U"V-E3sriIjE^ I^TBTJOTOE/ 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A. PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Singh Copy, per Annum - — $2 00. 

^"Office in rear of General Tithing OfficeJBuilding, Corner 
South and East Temple Streets, Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 







