S9LINE8S FQ TBBLQBD, 

n 




VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1874. 



NO. 21 



THIE SX'OTTEnD 3DEEI?. OF IITIDI^. 




THERE are many varieties of deer, and there is seane'y a 
country in the world in which at Ica.st one kind of thi.s 
fine animal is not found. 

We give a picture of the "Spotted Deer," whose home is 
in India. It is generally of a rich golden brown, wi h white 
spots beautifully mingled. It is a very shy animal, and is not 
often seen except by those who go into the thick forests and 
jungles. 

The celebrated 
travelers in Afri- 
ca, Livingstone, 
Speke, Earth and 
Baker, found in 
the regions over 
which they passed 
exceedingly beau- 
tiful gazelles, an- 
telopes and deer, 
of kinds hitherto 
unknown; and 
there, as in other 
parts of the 
world, their flesh 
is esteemed a very 
choice articl 
food. 

There is one siie 
cies of deer which 
we mu.st notice, 
as it is perhajis 
ni ri r useful to 
UKLii thai] :niy nl 
the others. Tills 
is the reindeer. 
It is fuuiid in 
great numbers in 
c 1 d countries, 
and, as most chil- 
dren know, it is used in Lapland and other northern cduntrics 
to draw the sledge of the natives. Referring to this animal, 
a r(;c('nt writer says: 

llarne.s.sed to the long boat-like .sledge, they start off with 
the raiiidity of the steam-engine, going fifteen or twenty miles 
an liour. If there is but one, he soujetimes suddenly stops. 
.'^cinietliiiiL' lias uffiMidcil him. lie paws tiie snow, and shakes 




his head threateningly. The Laplander hurries out of his 
sledge and holds it between him.self and his deer, till its wrath 
goes down, when he harnesses up again, and, shaking his one 
rein cries "Check! check!" and off they go again as fast as 
ever. 

The reindeer is notonly the Laplander's horse, but his cow; 
and during the time that it gives milk he is freezing large 

quantities of it, 
to be used when 
no more is to be 
obtained. Then 
he breaks off a 
piece, thaws it 
out, and has again 
a good article of 
milk. 

The deer is also 
his food; and from 
ts skin the Lap- 
ander makes the 
riiof and floor of 
his house, his bed, 
his shoes and 
stockings, his 
clothes, and cords 
and strings for his 
b o w . Without 
this animal, the 
Laplaiiilcr woulil 
lie ill a deplorable 
i-ninl i t ion. No 
l>lai-i' is so Ijarrcii 
.'Hill il e s o I a t e 
wIhtc men live, 
Init (iod has given 
Ic'ssings adapted 
lo their condition. 
The Lapland- 
er's property consists of ri'linlciT. and soiiictiiiies he has hun- 
dreds, lie is tliiri considercMl rich, and can 'go into the best 
society" — as if the man was any better or worse for the 
nuiiilicr of dci'i' lie lia|ip('iis lo own. 



lliiWK\'i'.u iiiiirli lie may possess, a covetous person isalways 
in waul. 





S^3 



CTTJ^Ein^ILE] IltTSTI^TJOTOI^. 




A DIALOGUE. 



B V BETH. 




Genesis. — "In the beginning God created the heaven and 
the earth. And — ' ' 

Geolocv. — I object to (Jod being introduced as an operator 
in the works of creation; and as to the beginning. I know 
nothing about it; I recognize natural forces as the only 
fictors in the formation of the earth that we can know 
anything about with certainty. In these days we must 
know! — sci". 

(rEXEsrs — Well, then, '"the earth was without form, and 
void. ' ' 

(JEOl.oiiY. — •■Void!" — einjity. Yes; I can agree with you. 
( If cour.se it was without form; it was, in fact, a shapeless, 
uebulous mass. 

tlEXESis. — Stoi)! That is mere conjecture. You said just 
now we uiu.st know. 

Geolo(;v. — 'Well. I admit this is hypothesis. Go on. 

(Jenesis.— "And darkness was upon the face of the deep." 

Geology. — No doubt of it. You allude, of course, to our 
"azoic " period, during which the globe was probably sur- 
rounded with dense vapors, through which the sun's rays 
could not penetrate, at which time the waters would be 
enshrouded in darkness. 

Genesis.— ■•And the Spirit of God moved ujion the face of 
the waters. ' 

(lEOLOCiY. — What do you mean by this expre.'^sion'? I admit 
that light began to dawn upon the liquid mass as the vapors 
were gradually removed— light is a primary cause of activity 
in matter. But I do not admit the necessity of God having 
jiriiduced the pheanmenon. 

Genesis.- ■• Let there be light: and there was 

light." This you admit. " -Let there be a firmament 

in the midst (if the water, and let it divide the waters from 
the waters." 

Geology. — By ■firmament" I suppose you mean the 
atmosidiere, of which, in your early times, little was known- 
no doubt this became di.stinct from the watery mass, when the 
II. -can -covered globe would certainly be "under the firmament," 
or atmnsiiheric fluids. Bat you have forgotten to say any- 
thing about your ehronolngy. 

Gexe-slx. — •'The evening and the morning were the first 
day. ' Again, •"the evening and the morning were the second 
day. 

(iEiil.iKiV.— Ifby this you mean that the events you describe 
iiccurrcd in periods of twenty-four hours, your knowledge of 
the structure of the rocks that compose the earth's crust 
must be small indeed. AVhy, the azoic era, which you are 
describing must have been thou.>ands of centuries I 

Genesis. — ?.rine is not a geological account; I have stated 
generally tlie order of the creation. The heading events I 
have grouped together. In one account I arrange them into 
a work of si.x day,s, and a ces.sation or Sabbath on the serenth 
day. In my second account I speak of "the day that the Lord 
God made the earth and the heavens. " You surely do not 
suppipso that a WdrkiriL' day nf twetity-fiur hours is intended. 
\'iu also divide the work of ereatimi into periods. 

Gedi.oijy.— Yes; but I allow them to be of infinite duration. 

GENf^^Ls.- The jieriods I allude to are of indefinite dura- 
tion, as they do not deal with time as mortals define ic. My 
object was to show that God was the author of these visible 
creations; and, so far as He revealed In me His methods, and 



so far as they could be comprehended in early times, I made 
them known. 

Geology. — The earth itself proves its own history by its 
structure. It lias been brought to its jiresent condition 
through a series of changes or progressive formations, from a 
stat« its utterly featureless as a germ. Azoic seas existed, 
beneath which the earliest known rocks were formed; they 
were the floor of those iirimitive seas. Gradually lands were 
elevated, and — 

Genesis. — Here you agree with me: "Let the waters under 
the heavens be gathered together unto one place, and let the 
the dry land appear." 

Geology. — You speak of a very early geological epoch; 
from the shallow .seas of t.ze azoic time, lands were gradually 
elevated. Go on. 

Genesis. — "'•••■ •■ --Let the earth bring forth grass, the 
fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, who.se seed is in itself ' ' 
Geology. — Life began at the bottom of the seas — life in its 
lowest forms. 

Genesis. — Of course you notice details, I was showing 
broadly that the vegetable kingdom existed before the animal, 
as a period, or day in the creation. I will continue the history: 
"Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven." 

Geology. — You surely do not mean the sun ! You are very 
unphilosoi)hical, not to say absurd. Y'ou represent a period 
that culminated in fruit trees, and then another period in 
which the sun is created! The fact that the higher forms of 
vegetation existed proves that the sun existed also. 

Genesis — Had I represented the .sun and other luminaries 
first in oi'der, with their uses, one of my objects in explaining 
the creations, among other things "for signs, and for seasons, 
and for days, and years," objections might also have been 
raised. You admit that cosniical light existed long before 
solar light shone upon the earth, for which you assign scientific 
reasons, viz. the density of the atmosphere; I advance theolog- 
ical reasons for the same phenomena. 

Geology'. — That which I ascribe to nature you ascribe to 
God ! 

Ge.nesis. — I'recisely .so. T was not a student in ymir ,><ch6ol. 
I speak of the Author, y<ui of His works; I describe the 
finished work as seen naturally, you as you read the history of 
that work in the rocks. 

Geology. — Consequently I must have the advantage in 
jioiut of accuracy. I show that life existed on this jilanet long 
before you do, and prove it by the fossil remains of each 
lieriod, 
(Jenesis. — Whence do you derive this life'.' 
Geology. — That, is not my province to investigate; from 
pre-existing types we have life from its lowest to its highest 
forms. 

Genesis. — I think it is now my turn to say "scio " (I know); 
I teach that God is the author of life — pardon my digression. 
GEOLf)GY. — Your ideas arc very old-fashioned! When 
does your animal life begin'? 

Genesis. — Immediately after the organization of the solar 
system; "Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving 
creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth. ' ' 
I show that "great whales, " among other creatures, were 
created. I mention no other mammals during this jieriod. 

GeoixxiV. — You pass over the most interesting events in the 
progress of life. I would show you that your .system is correct 
as far as it goes; but it is imperfect. You appear to leap from 
the Azoic period to the Carboniferous, leaving out the Silurian, 
the age of algju or sea-weed, the earliest ve.iietable, and 





CTTJ^ElsriXjE IIsTSTI^TJCTOI?. 



S43 




radiates and mollusks the first animal life, and the Devonian, 
the age of fishes. I adLi>it that your age of vegetables is 
philosophically placed in relation to your first animal creation, 
and that it is certainly sublime in its conception, considering 
your limited knowledge. What is .your next period? 

Genesis. — "Let the earth bring forth the living creature 
after his kind, cattle and creeping thing, and beast of the 
earth after his kind." 

Geology. — This is decidedly the age of mammals; you have 
passed into the period I call "ccnozoie," or recent time. 
Does your period end with the creation of mammals? 

Genesis. — By no means. Man is created. "Let us make 
man in our own image, after our likeness." Here I allude to 
the origin of man as made in the image of his Creator. 

Geology. — There is not time now to tell of the ages that 
have passed as I teach: of the azoic time, lifeless and 
desolate: the palaeozoic or ancient-life time; silurian, devonian 
and carboniferous; the mesozoie, or middle-life time, the age 
of reptiles; of the cenozoic, or recent-lite time, the age of 
mammals; and of the age which may be pre-eminently termed 
the age of man. 

Genesis. — I have sketched the outlines, you are filling in 
the figures; I have given the key to the harmonies that you 
cannot but see and admire, and without which you cannot 
enter into the secret recesses of the rocks and unfold the n)ys- 
teries of their creations. You may read the book of Nature, 
but you cannot unriddle it; every character when rightly inter- 
preted, every chapter when understood, bears witness to my 
testimony: "In the beginning God created the heaven and the 
earth. 



Change of a Century. — Steel jiens were introduced for 
use in 1830. 

In 1840 the first express business was established. 

The first .successful reaper was constructed in liS23. 

The anthracite coal business may be said to have begun in 
18111. 

In ls:i() the first patent for the invention of matches was 
granted. 

In 180'J Fulton ti_ok out the first i)atent for the iiiventicn 
of steamboats. 

In 1813 the streets of London were for the first time lii;lited 
with gas. 

In ISilT wooden clocks connnenced to be made by machinery. 
This ushered in the era of cheap clocks. 

About the year 1833 the first railroad of a cou>iilcralile 
length in the United States was constructed. 

The first public ajiplication to practice of the use of gas Cor 
illumination was made in ISiiii. 

The first steambo.its which made regtdar tri]is aeruss the 
Atlantic were the Sirius and the Great \\'e.i'eni, in ]S3(l. 

In 17',") there were only fifteen i)ost offices in the whole 
country; and up to ) 837 the rates of postage were twenty-five 
cents for a letter .sent over one hundred miles. 




'J'lIK best jiarts of human qualities are the ten(lcrnc.>;s anil 
ilelicacy of feeling in little matters, the desire to .soothe and 
pleane others, the minutiie of the social virtues. Some 
ridicule these feminine attributes, which are left out of many 
men's natures; but we have known tli(^ brave, the intellcM'tual, 
the (^lixpient jio.mscss th(;.s(,' gentle ipialitics; the braggart, the 
weak, neverl IJencvoletice and fci'liiig ennoble the most 
hrilling actions. 



oiaixji^CH: OIF thee -hlohjIT 



IN many respects this is by far, to the Christian, the most inter- 
esting building in Jerusalem. It is .situated a little to the 
west of the street that runs from the Bazaars to the Damascus 
gate. It was first erected by Constantine the Great, or rather 
by his mother Helena, over the supposed tomb of our Savior. 
It has been destroyed and rebuilt tine after time; consequently, 
the present church is of modern date, except portions of the 
front, which may be anterior to the time of the Crusade. It 
consists of an i:Tegular block of buildings, comprising all the 
traditional spots connected with the death and burial of the 
Savior; it therefore includes both Calvary and the sepulchre 
wherein Jesus was laid. Calvary and the sepulchre were out- 
side the citv, but it is asserted that the city has leen extended 
in thit direction, and hence we now find Calvary and the 
sepulchre conveniently located within the city, and under one 
roof of a church. In the same church are shown many other 
wonders, including Adam's tomb, and those of iMelchisedec, 
Joseph and Nicodemus ; the place where Mary stood when 
Christ was anointed, where Christ appeared after the resurrec- 
tion to Mary Magdalene and to his mother, and where the 




cross was found "00 years later. All this, and a great deal 
more, 1 a^ 1 ecu 1 rought within the walls of this church, liy 
the ingenuity of the in-iests, or the creitility of sMiier>titi(!Ti, 
or both. The churcli is divided between difl'enn' Christian 
sects, whose nii.nks and priests live within it. to perform their 
various duties regularly both day and night; but it is in the 
custody of the Mohammedans, to whom various payments are 
made. The whole of the ea>tern half, a few nooks excepted, 
as W(^ll as several ronnis in the western, lielnng to the (Jrceks; 
the ..southwestern to the .Vrmenians; tin' nurthwestern to the 
Latins; a room or two to the Syrians; and two more to the 

Copt-. 



.\rrKU a tongue has once got the knack iif lying, it is not In 
be nnagined how iinpos>ilile, alnmsl. il is In iiH-lainj il. 
Whence it comes to iia.ss, that we .see some men, who are 
iitherwise very honest, so subject to thi.s vice. — M'fiitiii;/iif 





Si4= 



JTTJ^En^irjE IIsTSTI^/XJOTOIE?/. 




ICE i3sr xi<r JDXJ^. 




WHAT possible connection can there be between Lake 
Ontario and India? The one lies between the United 
States and Canada, where the winter cold seizes upon the 
rolling waves, and binds them tight and fast. The other, 
thousands of miles away, burns and dries in a tropical sun. 
But it is this very eoatrast that brings them together. Lake 
Ontario cools and refreshes the people living on the East Indian 
coast. And this is the way the good work is brought about. 

Lake Ontario is so situated that in winter it freezes over a 
great part of its surface, forming ice several feet in thickness, 
fine grained, compact, and of beautiful transparency. As soon 
as the ice is fairl}' formed, the ice companies set a small army 
of men at work to take it away, and they are kejit busy all the 
sea.son. Some are on the lake cutting out the ice in huge cubic 
blocks; others stow- them away into the wagons which are to 
convey them to the ice-houses near the lake, where they are 
deposited temporarily; some are at work at these houses, re- 
ceiving the ice and putting it into the buildings; others, again, 
are taking out the ice that has been waiting transportation! 
and loading with it the ears in which it is to be conveyed to 
the different cities in the United States. The scene is a livelj' 
and busy one, and this ice business gives employment to a 
great number of men. 

The ice intended for India is sent to Boston, and is there 
shijiped as soon as possible. A good many vessels are employed 
in this service. The holds of these .ships must be made very 
cold before the ice can be packed with safetj', and this is done 
by letting down blocks of ice, and as soon as these melt, the 
water is drawn oif and others are put in. The second blocks 
do not melt fpiite so soon as the first, and then others are let 
down; and the process is continued until the temperature is to 
low that the ice does not molt at all. 

The hold is now ready to be filled for the long voyage. A 
thick bed of .sawdust is laid on the bottom, and upon this 
blocks of ice are carefully and closely placed, forming a. smooth, 
icy floor. This is covered with a light layer of sawdust. 
T'pon this, blocks of ice are packed as before; then another 
layer of sawdust; another stratum of iceblocks; and so on, 
until the hold is filled. This packing has to be done ouickly, 
or the ice would .soften somewhat while exposed to the air. 
( Treat cranes, moved by st«am. lift the enormous blocks of ice 
from the storehouse or wharf, swing them over the vessel, and 
lower them into the hold, where the men stow them away. 
Steam works rapidly, and the labor goes on day and night. 
When the hold is filled, the hatches are fastened down and 
caulked, and the precious freight is safely shut up in the cold 
and darkness, and the ship starts off as soon as possible on 
her long voyage. These vessels are built for fast sailers ; but, 
at the best, it takes a veiy long time to reach India. During 
jjart of the voyage the tropical sun pours its heat npun the 
decks; but wlu'n the ship gains her i)ort, and the hatches are 
opened and the work of unloading commences, the blocks of 
ice taken out are as perfect as when they were put in! 

The unloading once begun, it is carried on without Iiiter- 
mi.-j.-iion [until the hold is emptied, the workmen relieving 
each other; but it cannot be done quite as rapidly as the load- 
ing. Some of the sailors, dressed in their warmest winter 
clothing, arc down in the hold cutting aiiart the blocks which 
have become frozen together, placing the ropes around them, 
and fastening them to the cable that passes over the pulley. 
( )ther sailors, and native East Indians, are on the deck, where 
it is sii hot that they are glad to dress very lightly. They are 



pulling at the ropes, and in this way hauling the ice out of the 
hold. Others are conveying it to the depots on the shore, 
where it is stored away in vast quantities. Near these may be 
seen groups- (if natives waiting to be served with ice, which is 
to be carried to the hotels and other houses. Some of these 
natives have already been served, and have started upon their 
journey into the city, six or eight of them bearing a frame- 
work of bamboo sticks and cords, in which is snspended a 
monsterous block of ice as beautiful and transparent as rock 
crystal. 

And, after all the labor at Lake (Ontario, after the transpor- 
tation to Boston, the loading and unloading of the vessels, 
the sums of money ihat must be paid to so many workmen, 
and the voyage of several thousands of miles, ice can be 
lirought in the cities of India, in ordinary seasons at three 
cents a pound. 

Now, althiiugh ice keeps so well for a long time when 
packed in the ships built for it, and in this way can be conveyed 
to any East Indian port, it would he impossible to carry it into 
the interior of the country, where there are no railroads to 
transport it quickly. But the East Indian who lives at a 
distance from the coast is not oliliged to do without cooling 
drinks, for not only does he contrive to cool water by putting 
it in porous jars and setting them in a current of air, but he 
has a fashion of his own for making ice, and a very curious 
fixsliion it i;^. 

In the warm countries of Europe ice is manufactured by the 
use of ether, but this would be a very costly process in India, 
and would place it entirely out of thj reach of the mass of the 
people. Their own method for manufacturing ice, although a 
slow one. is very simple, and C3sts nothing. 

They have discovered by observal^ion what we are taught in 
natural philosophy, that during the day the earth absorbs 
heat: and during the night it gives it out — or, to speak more 
liroperly, rnd!ates heat. This i- much more noticeable in 
tropical tliMii in temperate countries. They know also by 
experience tli:it. in nrdcr to eiij-_y the coolness of night, they 
niu.-t avoid the shade of trees, and lie out in the open 
places. The reason of this, perhaps, they do not know, 
whii-h is that the branches of the trees interfere with this 
radiation. Without reasoning on these facts, the E;ist Indian 
acts uiioii them- and use-; his knowledge of them in manu- 
facturing ice. 

In an iii>cii space, where there are no trees, jiarallel ditches 
are dug in tiie ground three or four feet deep. These are half 
filled with straw, and nets are stretched over them. On the.se 
nets are placed .<mall earthen saucers, holding about a wine- 
gla.ss of water. There is nothing more to be done but to wait 
for a clear, starry, and perfectly calm night. AA'hen such a 
liight arrives, the little saucers are filled with water in the 
evening, wliicli water by four o'clock in the morning is found 
covered with a thin coating of ice! These cakes of ice are 
very small, it is true, but when they are all thrown together 
into the ice-house under the ground, they form themselves 
into masses of quite a respectable size. In these primitive 
ice-houses the ice keeps for some time. 

. The straw is placed in the ditches because it is a bad con- 
ductor of heat, and by its means the saucers of water are 
separated from the ground, and receive little or no heat from 
it. The water, therefijre, give? out more heat than it reieives, 
so that its t-emperature is continually lowered until it reaches 
the freezing point, when it, of course, becomes ice. 

This ice is more or less mixed with bits of straw and with 
dust. It cannot be u.sed to put into liipiids, but placed around 




yy 



? 



TTJ^EIiTIXjE i:N"STI?/"CrOTOI?. 



:2^5 




them makes them delightfully cool and refreshing, andljwe can 
well imagine what a luxurj' it must be in this torrid region. 

These are the two methods by which the people of India 
procure ice — carrying it there from a great distance, and freez- 
ing water by a slow process. And yet, in India itself there are 
immense ice-fields that never melt, containing material enough 
to supi)ly jierpetually every town and little hamlet in the 
country. For the Himalayan mountains, with their towering 
tops covered with everlasting snow and ice, stretch along the 
western part of the Indian peninsula. What a trial it must 
be to the temper of an East Indian, who is nearly melted with 
the heat in the plains below, to look up at tho.se white peaks 
and think how much siidw and ice is wasted there that would 
be of the greatest service to him if it could only be brought 
down ! But that is the problem ! In the lowest part of the 
cold regions of the mountains, ice could be cut and made 
ready to be taken away. But there are no roads by which it 
could be carried to the plains; and if it were jio^siblc to construct 
roads over the mountains to a sufficient height to reach the 
•snowy regions, the cost of making them would be enormous; and 
when made, it is doubtful whether ice could be transported 
over them with sufficient rapidity for it to reach the jilains in a 
solid state. 

So the Himalayas keep their icy treasures safely locked up 
in their mouutain fastue.><ses, and the parched East Indian 
finds himself obliged to call upon a distant land to take com- 
Pas.sion on him and hel|i him. 



IsZlOT^IE] J^BOTJT I^OlsZCIPEII. 



DrRTXC thi 
the anciei; 




the eruptions of Vesuvius, whicii destroyed 
nt city of Pompeii, those who delayed too long in 
making their escape fell victims, for the most part, to the per- 
nicious efl'ects of sulphuric and carbonic acid gases, and were 
rapidly covered by the showers of fine dust following the 
eru])tion, which, gradually hardening, formed perfect moulds 
of the unhajipy beings who miserably perished, from which 
admirable casts are taken, showing their forms, featuie.?, ex- 
pressions and attitude, when overtaken by death. At the 
beginning of the excavations little attention was paiu to these 
natural moulds, only a few having been pai-tially cast and pre- 
.served, the most remarkable of which were those of a husband, 
wife, and child; the husband at the moment of his death 
pressing tightly to his Ijreast nineteen pieces ot gold and 
ninety-one pieces of silver, which were found fi.xeil to his ribs; 
the wife had let fall a coarse linen cover, in n-lnch were found 
f.iurteen bracelets, gold rings, ear-rings and jewels of less 
imjiortanee. It was onl.v however, in 1863, that jM. Florelli 
had the liai)i)y idea of filling those natural moulds with a 
peculiar solution of plaster, by which p'ocess the victims are 
reproduced in their integrity. Tiie fir.-~t group rei)rodncfd was 
compo.sed of a man, a woman and two young girls, who had 
remained within doors until too late; when they attempted to 
escape by the windows or terrace, they were suddenly as])hyx- 
iated, and covered by the dust, which faithfully ju'cserxed the 
contour of their forms. In 1S()3 a body thus rejiroduced was 
thatof a man who had fallen face downward, whose countenance 
was the very image of despair and suft'cring — his clenched 
teeth and clasped hands eloquently expressing the agony he 
had endured. Next in interest is the form of a woman who 
had fallen on her back, whose right hand leans ujiin the earth, 
her left raised as if in the act of trying to ward oti' ilangcr. Her 
form is ta'l and elegant, her admirably-arched foot, encased 
strong sandals, being a favorite of study by ai-tists. t)n 



one of her fingers is a silver ring, while near her were found 
gold ear-rings, a silver mirror, and an amber statue represent- 
ing Uupid. Her hair in front forms three rows of ringlets, 
and falls, plaited over her back, in the manner of the Voltaire 
perruques. A remarkable group of three persons has been 
admirably cast, which is in the highest degree interesting. A 
man of tall stature and powerful build, with strongly-marked 
features, prominent cheek bones, heavy beard and mustache, 
is the principal figure ; he held in his hands the ear-rings of 
the two young girls who followed him, and the key of his 
house, and looks the heau ideal of an old Boman legionary. 
Over his head he had thrown the corner of his mantle for the 
protection against the noxious gases or the falling dust and 
cinders, the expression of his face and that of his two daughters 
being suggestive of suffocation. There is something touching 
in the spectacle of the two sisters who followed their flither. 
in the precise attitude as they fell, supi)orting each other, 
breathing the same poison, and dj'ing entwined in each other's 
arms. Both of the figures ai-e of beautiful forms and iirojior- 
tions. There is something inexpressibly sad in the aspect of 
this group, moulded nature in the agony between life and 
death, as they vainly attempted to escape from the doomed 
city. With the means now at the disiiosal of M. Florelli, he 
will be able to form a museum representing the rich, beauty, 
costume and uidiappy fate of the inhabitants of Pompeii, 
which will henceforth be of inestimable value to students of 
art and history. — Apxilctons Jovrnal. 



J^^7VJ!^ir JJ-F. 



THE highest spot on the gloljc uuialjuca Dy 
t 



inhabited by human beings is 
. the Buddhist cloister of Hanle, in Thibet, where twenty- 
one priests live at an altitude of 16,000 fett. The monks of 
St. Bernard, who.se monastery is 8,117 feet high, are obliged to 
descend frequently to the valleys below in order to obtain 
relief from the asthma induced by the rarity of the atmosphere 
aliout their mountain-eyrie. At the end of ten years' service 
in the monastery, they are compelled to change their exalted 
abode for a permanent residence at the ordinary level. AMien 
the brothers Schlaginswell explored the glaciers of the Ibi- 
Gamin, in Thibet, they once encamped at 21,000 feet — the 
highest altitui.ie at which a European ever passed the night. 
At the top of ]Mt. Blanc, 1-3,781 feetalove the level of the sea. 
Prof. Tyndall sjient a night, and with less discomfort than his 
guide, who found it very unpleasant. 

In July, l.'^72, 3Ir. Glaisher and Mr. Coxwell ascended in a 
balloon to the enormous height of 38,000 feet. Before starting, 
jMr. Glaisher's ]iulse beat 76 strokes per minute, and !Mr 
Coxweirs74. At 17, 000 feet Mr. Glai.sher'spvilsehad increased 
to 84, and Mr. Coxwell' s to 100. At 11),000 feet, the hands 
and lips of the ajronauts turned quite blue. At 2',l,()00 feet, 
Mr. Glaisher could hear his heart beat, and his breathing 
became oppressed. At 30,000 feet, he became senseless ; not- 
withstanding which he ascended still another 8,000 feet, wdien 
his hands were paralyzed, and he had to oiieii the valve with 
his teeth. In the Alps, at the height of 1 3,000 feet, climbers 
suffer from the rarity of the air; yet in the Andes, persons 
can dwell, as at Poto.si, at a height of from 13,0(10 to l."),0(HJ 
feet, without iiiciinvenieiice. 



NdTlllNO more impairs autlnu'ity than a too frcipient or 
indiscreet use of it. If thuncler itself was to be coTitiiiual, it 
would excite no more terror than the noi.se of a mill. 



THE LIBRARY OF THE 
pgg pcT <:iiMnAY !^,CHOOl UNKDN BOARD 



50 NORTH MAIN STREET 
SALT LAKE CITY 1. UTAH 





-^v^ 



S4:6 



TTJ^STEItTII-iDa IZsrSTI?.TJOTOie.. 



^Inj Jfituciule |(ttsintcl0i^» 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


EDITOR. 


SATUKDAY, OCTOBER 26, 


1874. 




EX)ITOK.IJ^L THZOTJG-HITS- 

, HE Cl/jj of ToJcio, an American steamer, 

buih at Chester. Pennsylvania, sailed 

recently from New York for the Pacific 

coast. She is described as a superb vessel 

— a vessel which reflects credit upon her 

luilders and upon the country where she 

was built. Her tonnage is .5,. 300; that is, 

she can carry that number of tons weight in 

freight. It requires 0,000 yards of canvas 

lake her sails, and besides this quantity of 

ras to catch the favoring gales of the ocean, 

she has steam engines of immense power to 

drive her through the water. 

■'But," some of our little reulers may ask. 

■•what interest can the juveniles have in the City of 

^S-^ Tolcio? Are there not plenty of large steamshijis in 

^^v New York besides this one'?" 

Yes; a large fleet of steamers sail from New York 
to ner.'U' all parts of the world. But we take interest in this 
jiarticu ar steamship for one great reason— she was built in the 
rnited States. For years past the building of vessels of this 
description has lieen discontinued in the United States. The 
ci?t of bu'lding them in this country has been greater than in 
(ircat Britain. Hence, nearly all the ocean-going steamers are 
now liiilt in Europe. In America there is plenty of coal and 
iron an I wood and the other materials of which vessels are 
bu'lt; and there are plenty of skilful mechanics to make them 
into steamships, but. for years they have not been used. When 
American companies have wanted steamships they have gener- 
ally had t'lem built in (Ircat Britain. There is one company, 
however, the Pacific ^lail Steamship Company — which ha^ 
resolved ts build '.its vessels in this country. That company is 
detcrm-iicd to patronize home manufacture. The City of 
Tn'.y.o is one of its ships, and the City of Vchivg, is another. 
Thr\ a-! twin ships. 

The co-t of these vessels is one million and a quarter of 
('nllars each. The material of which their hulks are built is 
iron and w wd. The masts are iron, and iron is used f.ir part of 
the i-iff^ing and hemp for a part, and canvas for the sails. All 
this materi il is produced from the earth or the forest, and when 
in the earth and in the forest cost only about nine thousand 
dcilliir-. That is not a large amount for material out of which to 
build a crand st«imship worth one million and a quarter of 
dollarsi After paying nine thousand dollars for the material, all 
the rest of this vast sum of money goes to pay for labor, some 
of it coarse and some of it skilled ! Our juveniles can reckon 
on their slates how many men this large amount of money would 
empliiv. They can also learn how much iioorerthe United States 
would be by sending out the cost of these two steamships to 
• ipjat Britain to emjiloy the workmen there to Imilil them. 
And when they have reckoned upon this they will be better able 
to understand the imjiortance oi patronizing home manu- 
factures. 

In this Territory we have been following the foolish jiractice 
of jiaying workmen in other places for doing what we can do 



ourselves. AVe sell our liides to men who come here to buy 
them ; they send them to the States, where they are manu- 
iactured into leather, and that leather is shipped back here 
and sold to us. Leather has been brought here and sold to 
our people which was manufactured out of hides produced 
here ; this has been proved by the brands. We not only buy 
leather made in the States, but we buy boots and shoes. And 
yet we have plentj" of tanners and shoemakers. 

We do the same with wool. It is cai r'.ed to the States, thei e 
it is manufactured into cloth and made into suits of clothes, and 
then brought back here and sold to the people. We thus pay 
the woolen factoiies and the tailors in the Sta e; for making 
cloth and clothes which there are plenty of persons here alile 
and willing to make. 

We might go on and mention many other instances of this 
kind. No people who adopt this policy can ever he masters, 
the}' will always be servants and remain poor. The nations 
that produce raw material never become as great and wealthy 
as those who manufacture that material into articles of neces- 
sity and comfort. It is in the manufiicture that numerous 
hands are wanted, and there lies the profit. A pound of raw 
iron is not worth much ; but apply labor to it, convert it into 
fine steel and manufireture it into a certain class of article, and 
the iron, which originally was worth but a few cents, can be 
sold for hundreds of dollars. Its manufacture has furnished 
emjiloyment to many, and by its increased value when S(.ild 
they are rewarded. So with wool. A pound of fine wool that 
can be bought for less than a dollar, if dyad, carded, spun, 
wove and dressed, and made into fine broadcloth and then into 
a coat, obtains a value which repays the manufacturer and the 
tailor for the labor they have bestowed upon. it. 

To raise thou-ands of pounds of wool only requires the labor 
of a very few persons to watch and care for and shear the sheeji. 
That labor requires judgment and care but no great skill. But 
befora the wool can be nu-.nufactured into cloth and into clothes, 
I it will funii.sh employment to hundreds of jiersons. some of 
whom have to possess skill, and who draw such wages as skill 
always commands. 

Labor, especially skilled labor, is true cajiital. We should 
manufacture every thing we can in the Territory. ' We should 
import nothing from abroad that we can make here. We should 
export nothing from the Territory until it has been increased in 
value by labor all that it can be. This is true economy, and it 
is such results as these that are to bo brought about by the 
T'nited Order. 




>L. 



Oi'R friend B?;tii writes upon the .subject of geolog.v. evidently 
with the intention of removing any false impressions that 
may have been made upon the minds of our youth by recent 
lectures on that science delivered in this city. It is not only 
by lectures, but also by the reading matter in modern scientific 
]iublications, that incorrect ideas are inculcated in relation to 
the Mosaic account of the creation. It is fiishionable to doubt, 
even to deny, the existence of the Deity. There is nothing in 
the nature of science to cause this unbelief, which is the result 
of false inferences drawn from facts — the per\'ersion of truth, 
either through prejudice or ignorance. The writer of the 
article, "Genesis and Geology" has shown that whatever may 
be the age of the earth, as proved by the testimony of the 
rocks, it does not invalidate the testimony of Moses as to the 
work of the creation or the Creator. It would be well for our 
youth to inform their minds upon geology and the kindred 
sciences, so as to enable them to distinguish between sophistry 
and correct reasoning, between philosophy so-called and true 
philosophy. 



A' 





O'TJ'V^EItTILE insrSTI?.TJCTOI?.. 



247 




OTJOICOO -A-lSriD AA^-ZE^EIsT. 




"The child of our iiilo]ition, 

(Says little Mother Wren,) 
We'll feed him well, with bits so nice, 

From bogs, and wood, and fen." 

ADAM CrcKOO, famous as she i.s for song and early sjivinj; 
liX flight, and im'uortalized as ,«he has been by many poets, 
can never, by any stretch of friendly feeling, be mentioned 
with the un- 
qualified pleas- 
ure with which 
we speak of 
other '"song- 
sters of the 
grove. ' ' Very 
odd ideas liave 
this feitheicl 
fiimily concern- 
ing h :.u e'lold 
affairs. Never 
a thorglit do 
they give to 
(|uiet home en- 
joyments, and 
rearing with 
tender assidui- 
ty the baby- 
birds; no. in- 
deed, the main 
jioint is to find 
a habitation 
already ftish- 
ioned. with re- 
liable. well-t( - 
do ' o w n e r s . 
Still more per- 
fectly does such 
a tenement 
commend itself 
to their regard, 
if already one, 
two or even 
t h r e e small 
eggs are re.st- 
ing within the 
softly cushion- 
ed nest. Then 
t h e y rest 
contented, and 
gladly drop in 
among them 
one more to be 
warmed a n d 
liatfhed a n d 
fed like the lit- 
tle ones of the original i)ro|)rijt(irs. Yet Mailain Cnckod 
is not altogether regardless of ai)pearaiices. It is ^aid by 
a student ot bird-ways, that in one partic\dar ^hc is a 
waiy creature; that instinct of sonic sort moves her to place 
within the nest of the hedge-warbler an egg re.H'mbling their 
kind, and (|uite different in hue from that with which .'he 
honors the wagtail's snug home, lioping" no doubt to make it 
appear that only a cousin has dropped in. 




For a long time naturalists wondcied how the cuckoo man- 
aged to slip into the home of strange birds the intruding egg. 
If they should, in an unceremon'ous way, decide upon a brief 
rest, while the honest pair, whose liome was to be invaded, 
were out for a mornmg stroll among the tree tops, or just 
beyond the hedge were arranging for an ample supjily of pantry 
stores, it might prove an embarra>;sini;', not to say disastrous 
intrusion; the nap might be too long, or they luxuriantly lazy. 
N i; they mu~t guard against such surprises; and it has been 

ascertained hy 
a French gen- 
tleman well 
verged in bird 
customs, that, 
when cuckoos 
have decided 
upon the foster 
]) a r e n t s in 
wliom they can 
have confi- 
dence, they 
w a t c h until 
such time as 
health or pleas- 
ure d<'teruiines 
the settled- 
down pair to 
an airing, and 
at the auspi- 
cous moment 
of absence, the 
u oon.«cious to- 
ken of their 
heartlessness is 
c:;r.ied in tlie 
mouth of the 
luothor cuckoo, 
and. safely 
d r (I p p ed in 
among the true 
nestlings, is left 
lo its fate. .She 
does not neces- 
sarily ab.sent 
herself from 
the neighbor- 
hood. It has. 
indeed, b e e n 
a seer t ai ned . 
that scjinetinies 
stationed (|uite 
near the asy- 
linn. but shut 
away Ijy dense 
foliage, she 
w a t c h e s the 
for unjileasant 
or nice bit; 

and one lady, who watelied with keen eyes, detected another 
cuckoo helping back to its sloli'n Inniie a young one of he"- own 
species that had fallen out. 

When the young cuckoo is hatched, it immediately strives 
to jiush out all other eggs or young birds which may be in the 
nest. This feat it accompli.'hes by getting its tail success 



progres.s of affairs, and holds hf'rself ready 
emergencies, to iiresent to her offs])ring a worm 




'i;^" 



Q4=S 



0" TJ ^ E ITI L :E3 in^STI^TJOTOI?/ 





under each young bird or egg, twiting about until the oflFend- 
ing burden is fairly on its broad, well-developed back, when 
with a strong lurch the ungrateful stranger tips it over into 
the brashwood beneath. Then the saucy interloper, liaving 
no competitor, can enjoy all the fo "^d which the foster parents 
are sure to bring in. And yet it is not, later in life, a bird 
of solitary habits ; they often congregate in numbers, eating 
with hearty pleasure the caterpillars of the burnet-moth, and 
jilaying with each other among the bushes and old tree-stumps. 
Almost anything in the way of bird-food is acceptable to this 
ftimily : worms, flies, raw beef chopped fine, wasp-grubs, etc. 

The cuckoo can boast '"a feathered vestment" quite as attract- 
ive as most other common birds: the wings and tail are black, 
with delicate bars of white on the exterior feathers; this with 
bluish-gray plumage above gives a very jaunty aspect; the 
breast is ashen-gra.v, as al:0 are the chin and neck. Thi,=, the 
ii.Tual style, is, of course, subject somewhat to the climate and 
season of the j'ear, and with yearling birds many pretty brown, 
ish tints are blended with the more decided colors. The male 
bird is not far from fourteen inches in length, his mate is 
usually smaller, and often sports more brown hues. The.v are 
found all over England and Ireland. The Orkney Isles afford 
them homes. Lapland, too has been found attractive to them 
and in Kussia and ,'^iheria they go to seek Comfortable resting- 
places. In Japan, the nightingale has ho.spitablj' entertained 
these lively intruders. 

Everybody has heard the old saying that when cuckoos call 
it is .sure to rain. That they have peculiar notes, changing 
according to the time of year, is well known; at fir.st being in 
full, clear t^nes, then becoming hoarse and disagreeable. Some 
old-fashioned country rhymes allude to these changes, and al-so 
to the length of sojourn in each place: 

'■Ik April, come he will; 

In May, he sings all day; 

In .June, he alters his tune; 

lii July, he prepares to fly; 

In Avigust, go he must." 

xVn old WTiter. John Haywood, wlio lived in the sixteenth 
century alludes thus iiuaintly to these birds: 

•'Ix April the cuckoo can sing her song by rote, 

In June ofttinie .she cannot .^ing a note, 

At first koo. Icon; l;oo, koo; sings till can she do 

At last, kookc, kooko, kooke; six Ijookes to one koo." 

But we have not told tlie pleasantest part of our story; tlic 
two fi-icndly little bodies, each laden witli a dainty morsel, 
are father and mother Wren. They are very fiiendly in their 
treatment of the intruder, wondering, no doubt; in their small 
bird-minds how it came about that the ne.stling should have 
outstripped in size and voracity nf appetite the birdlings they 
have aforetime had in charge; they know very well that the one 
fledgling was not all tlicy had prepared for, Ijut where and how 
the little things .slipped out is beyond their ken. 

A very pretty story comes down to us that once upon a time 
in birdland a king was to l:,e cho.sen". The eagle, of course, 
accepting the challenge as one, the one, in fact, who, by .soaring 
highest .should win his right royal to the position, imt on many 
airs, plumed himself with care, and, disdainfully regardiuL' his 
lesser bretbren. upsprang among the clouds, towering aloft 
until weary tn the point of exhaustion, found himself just able 
to proclaim his sovereignty. Alas for purely physical power! 
a little feathered wit, snugly perched un.scen, unfelt, upon the 
broad shoulders ofhis majesty and in noway fatigued by his lofty 
journeying, just then, with fluttering wing and jubilant song, 
>unded the note of victory. Sweeping aloft he made known 



to all observers his claim to precedence, and for once the eagle 
bowed his proud head in shame. The wren had won his laurels 
bravely, and henceforth was held in kingly honor. 

The little foster-parents, never more than four inches in 
length, are busy enough just now; the strange baby-bird is a 
very hungry fellow, and keeps them on the wing constantly to 
supply his marvelous appetite. Naturally they are shy, retir- 
ing birds, hopping and skipping about among the hedges and 
in and out between heaps of brushwood like a tiny feathered 
mouse. But industry is a characteristic, and wrens never fail 
in their pantry supplies. 

Gay of heart, these little songsters pipe out a merry lay 
upon the slightest approach of sunshine, and as they run 
about under gentle twittering notes, not really like a song, but 
'full of cheerfulness and tender tones, no wonder the cuckoos 
reckon confidently upon unvaiying kindness from these lively 
little householders. 

Their choice of nesting spots may well be called capricious. 
When possible the structure is ambitiously planned, being a 
dome more or less perfect, and ingeniously constructed- 
Leaves, moss, grass, and lichens are secured fbr this family 
]3alace, and .so exquisitely inwoven that it thoroughly protects 
the nestlings from intru.sion. They do not fancy a front 
entrance, but go in and out by a nicely arranged side-door. 
They have a fondness for a corner of a decayed tree, or the 
overhanging eaves of an old building, but wherever they settle 
a dome is considered indispensable, and, what is singular 
enough, this dome is formed of non-conducting materials, so 
that the dwellers within are always insulated from electrical 
influences. Occasionally, in an eccentric mood, ■uTcns have 
chosen a homo where one would never think to find any living 
creature — in the body of a dead hawk nailed to the side of a 
barn, and once in the interior of a jiump, gaining access to the 
birdlings through the spout. I doubt much if domes were 
constructed in such odd corners. 

^V^rens are delicate birds, of a rich, reddish-brown color, 
softening down to lighter shades, and again growing darker in 
hue about the wings and tail. They are social little creatures, 
and full of kindness to each other. 



THZIZyHBLIHS. 



TllK manufacture of thimbles is very simple, liut singularly 
interesting. Coin .silver is mostly used, and is obtained by 
]nirchasing coin dollars. Hence it hapiiens that the profits of 
the business are afi'ected instantaneously by all the variations 
the nation's greenback promises to pay. The first operation 
strikes a novice as almost wicked, for it is nothing less than 
putting a lot of bright silver dollars, fresh from the mint, into 
dirty crucibles, and melting them into solid ingots. They are 
then rolled out to the required thickness, and cut by a 
stamp into circular pieces of any required size. A solid metal 
bar of the .size of the intended thimble, moved by powerful 
machinery up and d( wn in a bottomless mold of the outside of 
the same thimble, bends the circular disks into the thimble 
shape as fast as they can be placed under the descending bar. 
Once in shape, the work of polishing, brightening and decorat- 
ing i-i done upon a lathe. First, the blank form is fitted upon 
a rapidly-revolving rod. A slight touch of a sharp chisel takes 
a thin shaving from the end, another does the same on the 
side, and the third rounds off the rim. A round steel rod, 
dipped in oil and ])ressed upon the .surface, gives it a lu.strous 
polish. Then a little revolving steel wheel, who.se edge is a 
raised ornament, held against the revolving blank, prints that 





vJTJ'VEILTILEl Il^ST'I^.TJOTOI?.. 



S49 




ornament just outside the rim. A second wheel prints a second 
ornament around the centre, while a third wheel with sharp 
jioints makes the indentations on tlie lower half and end of the 
thimble. The inside is brightened and i dished in a similar 
way, the thimble being held in a revolving mold. All that 
remams to be done is to boil the completed thimbles in soa])- 
suds to remove the oil, brush them up and pack them for the 
trade. — ■ Sdected. 



TxiE :p^^k.s:ees. 



which cont.iiii-; ? 
;ions as T ombay 



o man ■ per-ons 
In the same 




THKRK is no city of India 
_^ l)rofessing different reli; 
street, or upon the K.x- 
change (for Bombay is 
noted for its merchants), 
may be seen at the same 
time Christians, Jews, 
Mahometans, Hindoos, 
]*arsees, and natives of 
the opposite shore of 
Africa. All these, ex- 
cept the last, have their 
different temples and 
jilaces of worship. 

Our picture represents 
a group of Bombay mer- 
chants. Those wearing 
the turban are Mahome- 
tans, and in the back- 
ground are some Par- 
sees. 

In Western India, and 
Bombay especially, the 
I'arsees are very numer- 
ous. They number at 
least a quarter of a mill- 
ion. 3Iany of their mer- 
chants are very wealthy, 
giving often generously 
of their siibstance to 
public institutions, such 
as hosjiitals for the sick. 
Parsees may frequently 
be seen even in the 
streets of London, where 
several of them reside, 
having gone to England 
to engage in business. 
These dress as English- 
men wlien they are in 
jiublic, in all except the 
strange brimless hat, 
sloping back from the 
brow, which the^' wear 
as a distingui.«hing mark. 

The peculiarity of the I'arsees, however, is not in their drcs, 
liut in their religion. They are worshipers of fire, and prole.ss 
to ))e followers of Zoroaster, who liiunded the sect in I'ersia 
:i,000 j-ears ago. He taught that \.\\.\ sun. as the origin of fire, 
was to be worshijied as an emblem of a divine jMiwer, in opi)ii- 
sitidti U> {\k evil power (jf darkness: but the precepts of 
Zoroa.stcr have since his tiuu; been so a ided tn and overlaid as 
lave become idolatrous, 'i'he I'arsees now, in additinn td 




firj", wor-hip wells of water, spirits of the air, and so on, thus 
jiayiTig the honor to the elements of nature that is due to God 
iinly. 

A Parsee believes that to extingui.-h fire is a great misfor- 
tune, on which :K-_'ount many are unwilling to snuff a candle or 
trim a lamp, le t tliey should put it out. If their house is on 
fire, they will lend no as.^istance to quench it, and sometimes 
not even allow other ; to do so. Each head of a family is bound 
to keep up a perpefu.al saci-eil fire in his dwelling. The prin- 
cipal hours of wor-hip in India are at sunri.se and sunset; and 
in taking an evening w.ilk ciut-ide Bombay, numbers of the.se 
people can be .-een aJorini the sun as he sets in his west- 
ern sea. 

To people who are ignorant of the true character of God 

and who know not how 



to worship Him in spirit 
and in truth, the selec- 
tion of the sun as an ob- 
ject of adoration does 
net appear .'■o very sur- 
]irising. It is fully as 
sensible as the idea which 
has grown so fashionable 
among many educated 
men in Christendom that 
there is no God but Na. 
ture. Among all the ob- 
je ts presented to our 
natural visiim nothing is 
so majestic or so well- 
adapted to call forth our 
wonder and admiration 
as the "glorious orl> of 
day. ' as the sun is 
i-a'.leil. It dispels dark- 
ness and gloom, dispen,-- 
e^ warmth and hapi)i- 
iic's,>^. causes man and 
iuiiniais, fowls and fiyh, 
an i the earth and waters 
■.vliirh they inhabit to be 
gladdened h.v its life-giv- 
ing rays. Such 1: eing its 
IK wcr, it i;, not strange 
that people ignorant of 
the Creator of the sun, 
the Lord our (tod. in 
witnessing its effects, 
should call it ihe '■father 
ol life.'' The worship- 
ers of the sun are many 
iif them as earnest and 
sinceri'. (loubtle.''s, in 
their religion, and their 
wiirship is probably as 
acceptable to the Crea- 
tor of the sun, as the 
nrich meatcr knowledge 



wor-ihip ol 
of Him. 



nianv wl.o clanii 



to h. 



l'sKl''ll..M':ss is <-onliMc . to no station in life, and it is aston- 
ishing '.-o see Ikjw inucli go jd may b(' done, and what may be 
effected by limited mean-:, united with benevolence of heart 
and activitv ot mind. 





S50 



J- u "V- E itTi i-> :b i:^sti?.tjotoi^ 




OIT THIEl BIBLE. 



HISTORY OF JOSHUA. 




LESSON LXXIII. 

Q.- -How long could a person escape the avenger after ho 
reached a city of refuge? 

A.— Until he stood before the oongresation for j\idgraent. 

Q. — When could he return unto his own city? 

A. — At the death of the high priest. 

Q. — How many cities were given to the Levites? 

A. — Fortj'-eight. 

Q. — Hiiw were these cities distributed? 

A. — Each tribe gave its proportion. 

Q.— After the land had been conquered, and the wars were 
ended, which of the tribes did Joshua call unto him? 

A —"The Reubenites, and the Gaditcs and the half tribe of 
ilanasseh." 

Q. — What privilege did Joshua grant unto them? 

A.— To return unto the land Moses had given to them. 

Q. — Why was this privilege given to them? 

A.— Because they fulfilled all their obligations faithfully. 

Q.— Wiiat did Joshua charge them to do? 

A.— To love the Lord their God, and to walk in all his ways. 

Q.— What did Joshua do to them before he sent them away 
unto their tents? 

A. — He blessed them. 

Q. — Did they go home empty-handed? 

A.— No; they had tlieir share of the spoil of the enemy. 

Q.— What were tliey to return with, according to the direction 
of Joshua? 

A.— '-Very much cattle, with silver, and with gold, and with 
brass, and with iron, and with very much raiment" 

Q.— What did the two tribes and a half do when they came unto 
the borders of Jordan? 

A.^They built an altar. 

O.— What effect did this have on the lest of the children of 
Israel? 

A.— They were ntt'ended, and prepared to go to war with them, 

Q.— Why were they oti'ended^ 

A. — Because they sujiposed the altar was erected to rebel again>t 
the Lord. 

Q. — Whom did they send to see the two and a lialf tribes upon | 
the matter? 

A. — I'hiiiehas; the ^im of Eleazer the priest, imu with him ten 
l)rinces. 

Q. — Wliat explanatinn did the two and a half tribes make? 

A. — That the altar was erected only as a memorial to witness 
that they were of the Imu-e '>( Israel. 

Q. — Was the explanation satisfactory? 

A. — Ye>; it pleased the children of Israel. 

Q. — AVlint did Joshua do when he became old and stricken in 
age? 

A. — Ho called all tlio tribes together and exhorted them to 
serve the Lord and put away strange gods from among them. 

Q. — AVIiat did the people say unto Joshua? 

A — ''The Lord our God will we serve, and his voice will we 
obey." 

O.— What did Ji.sliiui then do? 

A. — He made a covenant with them, and wrote it in the book 
of the law of the Lord. 

Q.— What did he then do'' 

A. — He deposited it under an oak, and set up a great stone. 

Q.— Why did Joshua do this? 

A. — .\s a witness against them, lest they should deceive the 
Lord. 

Q.— Hoiv old was .Icishua when he died? 

A. — One hundred and ten years. 



OIT THE 
BOOIC OE nVE O B. 1^*^ O IT . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXIII. 

Q.— After the church had been established in that land what 
did Lamoni ask Ammon to do? 

A.— He wanted Aramon to go with him to the hind of 
Nephi. 

Q.— Why did ae desire this? 

A. — He wished to show Ammon to his father. 

Q. — Did Ammon go with Lamoni? 

A.— Xo; he went into the land of Middonah. 

Q.— What for? 

A. — The Lord commanded him to go, telling him that his 
brother Aaron, and also Muloki and Amnah were in prison. 

y. — Did he go alone? 

A. — No; Lamoni went with him. 

y - AVhy did Lamoni go? 

A. — He knew the king of Middonah, and thought lie might get 
the prisoners released. 

Q. — What was this king's name? 

A. — Antiomno. 

Q — Whom did they meet as they wore going to the land of 
Jliadonali? 

A. — They met the father of Laimuii, who was king over all the 
land. 

Q.— Why was he angry with Lamoni? 

A —Because he had failed to attend the feast given by his 
father. 

Q. — Wliat can you tell concerning this feasf 

A. — It was given by the father of Lamoni. to which ha invited 
his sons and his people. 

Q. — Why had Lamoni been absent. 

"*. — The feast took place about the time of the revival among 
Lamoni's people. 

Q. — Did the king accept the excuse of Lamoni? 

A. — No; he was very angry with him. 

Q. — What did he command Lamoni? 

A. — To kill Ammon. 

Q. — Where did the king desire Lamoni to go? 

A. — He desired him to returu to the laud of Ishmael. 

t^. — Did Lamoni obey his father? 

A. — He refused to return and alsn refused to kill Ammon. 

Q.— AVhat did his father then do? 

A. — He raised his sword to kill Lamoni. 

Q. — What did Ammon do? 

A. — He stepped forth and rebuked Lamoni's father. 

Q. — What did he do in leturn? 

A.— He turned toward Amnion, and stretched forth his hand 
to kill him. 

Q.— What was the result of this? 

A. — Ammon protected himself against him. 

Q. — When Lamoni's father saw that Ammon was superior to 
him, what did he do? 

A. — He cried for moicy at his hands. 

Q. — When Ammon saw this old king was in his power, what 
did he do'' 

A. — He jiromised ti> spare him, if he 'A'ould let liis brethren go, 
and let Lamoni return to his kingdom. 

Q. — When he saw that Ammon had no desire to kill him, and 
saw what love he had for Lamoni, how did the king feel? 

A. — He was much pleased. , 

Q. — Did he agree to do as Amnion asked? 

A. — Yes; and invitcil Ammnn an 1 his brethren to com- and 
visit him. 





crTJ"v^2±]n^i:LjE xiststt^^u crnoT^ 



S51 




^( 



IFI^E^^ICS 0:F JVEEIs^OIE^'X'. 




• 11 f E^IOKY, " says a recent writer on mental pliyslo'.ogy, ''is 
llX the organic registration of the effects of impressions." 
The characters to whieli the organic changes are written may 
be said to be indehble. The scar of a deep wound, though 
it may become less marked with age, is never effaced. Simi- 
larly, in a brain not disorganized by injury or disease, the 
records of memory are stereotyped. To recall them to con- 
sciousness may be wholly beyond our power; we may think that 
they are lost to us forever, till something oeoirs to alter to an 
inappreciable degree the minute nerve-sells, and thus to tear 
off the veil which hid from us the thoughts and events of the 
past. 

It is well known that, in the agony of drowning, the veil ii 
sometimes stripped off the tablets of memory, and the inscrip- 
tions again made legible to consciousness. In the following 
case, narrated dy Oliver Wendell Holmes, the revival of impres. 
sions led to a very practical result. A. held a bond against B. 
for .several hundred dollars. When it became due, he searched 
for it, but could not fiind it. He told the fiicts to B. who 
denied having given the bond, and intimated a fraudulent 
desio-n on the part of A. who was comjielled to submit to the 
loss and the charge against him. Years afterwards, A. was 
bathing in Charles river, when he was seized with cramp and 
nearly drowned. On coming to his senses, he went to his 
book-case, took out a book, and from between its leaves took 
out the missing bond. In the sudden picture of his entire 
life, the putting of the bond in the book, and the book in the 
book-case, had vividly been represented. One's feelings of 
justice are only partly satisfied by learning that the bond was 
IKiid with interest. 

In many cases, the only thing wanted to revive an impres- 
sion is some link of asuociation, of place or circumstance. A 
lady taken to the country in the last stage of an incurable 
disorder, requested that her youngest child, a girl of about 
four years of age, might be sent for to visit her, which was 
accordingly done. The child remaiTied with her mother about 
three days, and then returned to town. She grew up without 
any trace or recollection of the visit, or of her mother, or the 
name of the village in which she had last seen I er. After 
growing up to maturity, she had occasion, along with Dr. 
Haslam, who had attended her mother in her last illness, to 
visit the house in which her mother died, without knowing 
it to have been so. On entering the room where her mother 
had last been confined, her eye anxiou.sly traversed the apart- 
ment, and she said: "I have been here before; the pr(is])eet 
from the window is quite familar to me, and I remember that 
in this part of the room there was a bed, and a sick lady, who 
kissed me, and wept." 

But the subject ot the obliteration of the records of memory 
under certain conditions, is as curious as that of their miex- 
pectcd revival. The two kinds of changes are, indeed, in 
some cases simultaneous; while one set of impressions is 
recalled, another is coincidently erased or lost. A well-known 
living physician not long ago recorded the case of a lady who, 
up to her sixteenth year, had lived in France, and spoke only 
French. After this, she f.aiw to Fngland, learned the 
language, married an Anun-ican at twenty, and for the next 
twenty years lived i)artly in America, and jiartly in Kngland, 
speaking English liabitually, French scarcely ever. She then 
became ill, forgot her Kngli.^h, and all about her married life, 
and if asked whu she was, gave her maiden name, and men- 
ned, in French, the street in I'aris in which she hail lived 



a? a girl. So completely had she forgotten her English, that it 
was necesf a y to change an English for a French maid. In some 
of the cases of partial loss of memory from injury or disease 
of the brain, it woidd be verj' puzzling to account satisfac- 
torily for the nature and the very limited extent of the loss. 
Thus, a fever obliterated from the memory of a learned man 
the letter F, without apjiarently committing any other injury. 
A soldier who had undergone the operation of trepan, and lost 
a slice of brain-matter, lost with it the power to recall the 
numbers 5 and 7, and was only able to fix them in his mind by 
laboriouslj' learning them like a child. 

Sometimes, however, disease apjiears to make a clean sweep 
of all acquired knowledge of every kind. The following 
extraordinary case was ))ublished in an American medical 
work many years ago. The patient was a clergyman, who, at 
the termination of a severe illness, lost the recollection of every- 
thing, even the names of the mo.'t common objects. ' When 
his health was restored, he began to acquire knowledge ju.*t as 
a child docs. After learning the names of objects, he was 
tiught to read, and after this began to learn the Latin lan- 
guage. He had made considerable progress, when, one day, in 
reading his lesson with his brother, who was his teacher, he 
suddenly stoiiped, and put his hands to his head. Being asked 
why he did so. he replied: "I feel a jieculiar sensation in my 
head; and now it appears to me that I knew all this before." 
From that time, he rajiidly recovered his faculties. 

It is recorded by Ballantyne of Sir Walter Scott, that when 
the Bride of Lammermoor in its printed form was submitted 
to him after an illness, he did not recognize as his own one 
single incident, character, or conver.sation it contained; yet the 
original tradition was jierfect in his mind. When Mrs. Ark- 
wright sang some verses of Sir Walter's one evening at Lord 
Francis Egerton's, the author of them whispered to Lockhart: 
''Capital words. Whose are they'? Byron's, I suppose; but I 
don't remember them.'' For a voluminous author to forget 
some of his own writings does not appear so remarkable; but 
one can hardly conceive of a per.son failing to recollect his own 
name; but cases are on record of this ncphis ultra of forget- 
fulness. A man of not very strong intellect, who held an office 
the sole duty of which consisted in .signing his own name to 
a number of papers, had one day so much business of this 
kind to do that at last he was incajiable of recollecting the 
word he ought to sign. 

The power to recall past imjiressions is jierhaps more than 
any other mental fiiculty dependent on the jihysical condition 
of the body. Violent action is generally inimical to it. Ex 
cessive fatigue is ecjually iiicumiiatilile with good powers of 
recollection. Sir Henry Ilnlland mentioned that he des- 
cended on the same day to several deeji mines in the Harz 
Mountains, remaining some hours underground in each, and at 
the end was exhausted both from fatigue and hunger. "I 
then felt," says he, "the utter impo.ssibility of talking longer 
with the Oerman inspoct^ir who accompanied nji'. lOvery 
(Jcrnian 'vurd and jihrase dcserteil my recollection, and it was 
not ti'l I had taken tlio 1 ami wine, and been siuue time at rest, 
that I regained them.'' Hut in addition tn the physical cim- 
ditions of the rcciillectivc faculty, tlici-c :ni' scuue mental ones 
of e(|ual importance. Pcrhai)S the forcninst of those is in- 
dicated in wliat Sir I'hilip Warwick says of Lord Slaflord: 
"His mcMuory was great, and he ni.-ide it greater by corifidini; 
in it. There is iierhai]s nothing which more surely leads to 
fiilnre of memory than an \nn'easonalilc distrust of it. The 
cbinlit (if success begets mental distraction, and thus the mind 
l(l^es its bold nf these links (if association mi which recollect 





S5:2 



J" u "V" E] nsr I L E inNrsTT^TJCTOi?. 




depends. Sir Walter Scott had an absolute faitli in his power 
of memory- in the morning, when his brain had been refreshed 
bj' sleep. He states in his diary, that during couipo ition, 
when he found himself at a loss, he would say: ''Never mind; 
we shall have it all at seven o'clock to-morrow moruina. " 



OXJI?. nSTEAA^ \^OI-iXJlv^E. 



V[7e are now taking measures to secure subscriptions to 
l Volume Ten of the Juvenile Instructor, and for this 
purpose have employed Elder A. Bruce Taylor to make a trip 
through the southern settlements to canvass for subscribers. 
AVe hope that he will receive the cordial support of the friends 
of education throughout the Territory. In publishing the 
forthcoming volume, as it is universally conceded that the 
IN.STRUCTOR supplies a much needed want, and that its publi- 
cation could not, while the interest of the rising generation is 
taken into consideration, easily be dispensed with, we trust the 
public will accord us the patronage our past and future efforts 
may merit. The failure to obtain as many subscribers to the 
present volume as we expected has subjected us to some loss, 
which can only be made up by the sale of the volumes on 
hand. Lowering the price of the paper and enlarging it to 
twelve pages instead of eight, with the expensive character of 
the engravings, compelled us to calculate on an increased sub- 
scciption list to meet the expenses. This we failed to obtain at 
the commencement of the volume. We hope, by taking 
timely measures with our new volume, to remedy this, and we 
appeal to our subscribers everywhere to renew their sub.scri))- 
tions and to extend t.c circulation to others, confident that in 
the volume we are now publishing they have received a full 
remuneration for the price of subscription. We intend, with 
the help of the Lord, to make the forthcoming volume equal, 
and, if means will allow, superior to the present olc. 

Elder A. B. Taylor is a worthy young man who has just 
returned from a mission to England, and we trust that our 
friends in the settlements which he visits will aid him in the 
object of his mission. 



The Way TO Conquer. — '-I'll master it, "said the ax, and 
his blows fell heavily on the iron; but every lilow made his 
edire mure blunt, till he ceased to .strike. 

'"Leave it to me," said the saw, and with the resistless teeth 
he worked backward and forward on its surface till they were 
all torn down or broken; then he fell a.side. 

•■Ilal hal' .said the hammer. ''I knew you wouldn't succeed; 
I'll show you tlieway:'' but at his first fierce stroke i iff flew 
his head, and the iron remained as befnre. 

".Shall I try?" a.-ked a .voft. small Hanie. ]5iit tlicy all despise 
the fianic; bu( he cui'led gently round the iron, and embraced it. 
and never left it until it molted under his irresistable influence. 

There are liearts hard eMnu;;li to resist the force of ivi-ath. 
the malice of per.^ecution, and the fun- of pride, so as to make 
their acts recoil on their adversaries; but there is a power 
stronger than any cif tlior. and hard indeed is the heart that 
can rcsi.st love. 



The best way to keeii uut wicked thoughts is always to be 
employed in srood ones. 




M.\N creates more di.seontent to himself than ever is occa- 
.sioneu by others. 



THIE HyCT^^TIEZ^TT HIEIT. 



This is the tale nf the queer old hen 

That sat on eggs exiiotlv ten. 

She made her ne.*t with pri\le and care, 

And weather fciul and weather fair. 

You alwaj's found her at her post, 

For practice was her daily boa.st. 

Alas ! how ofi it is our lot 

To brag uf what we haven't got; 

This will apply u> hens and men, 

And Doys and girls. 

Days passed and when 
The sun began to warmer grow. 
The grass and leaves began to show 
Their twinkling green on hill and vale; 
When sweet and pleasant was the gale, 
This queer nld hen began to long 
To join once more the noisy throng 
Of idle gossijis — half a score — 
That strutted by the old barn door. 

"O, dear ! 0, dear ! here I am tied ! 

A weary lot is mine," she sighed. 

"No gleam of pleasure do I catch; 

Why don't these tiresome chickens hatch? 

It worries me in heart and legs 

To sit so long upon these eggs; 

I'm siel< of pining here at home ; 

O chicks, chicks, chicks, why don't you eo7ue? 

Your little houses white and warm, 

I've sheltered from the angry storm. 

There's mother Dominique, next door, 
Her darlings number twenty-four, 
And they've been out a week or more; 
And now she wanders at her ease, 
As proud and happy as 3'Ou please. 
So stir your pinkj- little pegs, 

My yellow bills come out and walk. 
Or else I'll doubt my eggs are ega-s. 

And think they are but lumps of chalk.'' 

Then something rash and sad befell; 
This old hen pecked each brittle shell. 
And not so wonderful to tell, 
Her treatment which was ver3' rude. 
Killed on the spot her tiny brood ! 
And now desjiiscd by fowl and men. 
She lives a broken-hearted hen. 

This is the mural of mj- laj- — 
To reap siLceess in work or play, 
Why spuil whatever j-ou've begun, 
Tliruugh eagerness to have it done? 
Kemember poor Dame Partlet's fate! 
Don't be im]iatieut!— learn to wait. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Sinffle Copy, per Annum - - $2 00. 

^B-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Ju\'enile Instructor." 




