HOLINESS TO TEE LORD. 















VOL. XIII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1878. 



NO. 5. 



TSiE FJ^:REL^Ol<^ bii^id. 





OUR readers will readily perceive that the aeeompanyiog 
engraving is not intended to illustrate any of the birds 
common to this country, with which they are familiar. 

There is a little history connected with this particular 
picture which we will relate. 

In sending for our engravings to London or New York, as 
we generally do, we sometimes obtain one which puzzles us to 
identify. It was so in the case of that here shown. It was 
sent to us in mistake for another engraving ordered from 
London some time since. We failed to ascertain from any of 
our works on 
natural history 
what particular 
variety of the 
feathered family 
it was intended to 
represent. We 
then applied to 
several of our 
local ornitholo- 
gists for the de- 
sired information; 
but they could not 
give it. In this 
extremity our 
scientific friend. 
Professor Bar- 
foot, very kindly 
proflered to send 
the picture to 
some of the scien- 
tific institutions of 
other parts with 

which he was in - - _,..«**i' 

communication to ^ , 

be identified. He accordingly ."^ent it to Professor J. Duncan 
Putnam, Secretary of the "Academy of Natural Sciences," 
Davenport, Iowa. Not being able to name the bird, he in 
turn, sent it to the Smithsonian Institution, and now, after a 
lapse of some months, ami probably considerable research, 
an answer comes from Profes.sor Robert Kidgeway, of the 
Smithsonian Institution, as follows: 

"Tiic engraving you .send is intended to represent the 
'Parson Rird,' {ProstJiemadera novae zealandia:) of New 
Zealand. So called from its black plumage ornamented by 




V, 




■dra 



>f"» 



^' 




i^y 






two tufts of curled, silky white feathers on the throat, calling 
to mind the white neck-tie of the clerical costume." 

This bird belongs to the family of honey- eaters. Its native 
name is TuL It is described as follows by the Rev. W. Yate, 
a member of the "Church Missionary Society," who formerly 
resided in New Zealand: 

"This remarkable bird, from the versatility of its talents 
for imitation, has, by some, been called 'The Jlocking-bird;' 
and, from its peculiar plumage, has by others been denom- 
inated 'The Parson Bird.' It is so restless in its disposition, 

as to seem incapa- 
ble of remaining 
iu one situation, 
or unemployed, 
for a single mo- 
ment. There is 
not a note of any 
bird of the woods 
but what it exact- 
ly imitates; and 
when confined in 
a cage, \i learns 
with great ease 
and correctness to 
speak long sen- 
tences. It imi- 
tates dogs, eats, 
turkeys, geese, 
and, in fact, every 
sound which is 
repeated a few 
times in its hear- 
"°^ ing. Its size is 

thatofthcthrush; 
':--'■'- ■'■ ' and its iilumage a 

beautiful glossy black, with a few very fine white hairy 
feathers scattered about the head and breast, a few stronger 
ones about the nostrils, and two small clusters of long white 
feathers banging down from the neck upon the breast, resem- 
bling a pair of clerical bands. Its eye is penetrating, and its 
voice iieculiarly mellow. Its general food is files and small 
insects, which it is very expert in catching; supplying itself 
in a very short time with great abundance. It al.M) feeds 
ujxin the berries of various plants, and will not reject earth- 
worms. This bird seems to associate with every other warbler 




■J 



^1 



^^ 



50 



Cr TJ ^ E 3Sr I L E IISrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 




of the wood; and, next to the ground-lark, is found ii the 
greatest number of all the birds of New Zealand. It is 
delicious eating. It seems to be of a tender constitution, short- 
lived, and not able to bear the extremes vjf either heater cold.'' 



rnvtln 




BY WILLIAM POTnERINGHAM. 



[Continued.) 






WE crossed the river in a large native boat, which contained 
a motley crowd of passengers — pilgrims who were on 
their way to the confluence of the rivers Ganges and Jumna, 
to attend to certain rites in behalf of their dead. It took the 
ferrymen four hours to get us across the river, during which 
time we had more confusion and sunshine than was con- 
genial to our feeling.s. 

When we landed on the Allahabad shore, we were detained 
for over an hour waiting for waeons and bullocks to take us 
to the post office, or depot. While waiting we were accosted 
by a native barber, to know if we wished to be shaved, as our 
dusty, worn-out and seedy appearance, rather indicated that 
his professional labors would not be spent in vain upon us. 
He appeared to ply his business in the open air. He bad no 
painted pole at his stand as a token of his profession; neither 
did he have a chair for his patrons to lounge in while enjoy- 
ing the luxury of a shave. His whole outfit he carried in a 
small white cloth. We concluded to accept of his services, 
knowing that there were some excellent barbers to be found 
among the Hindoos and Mussulmen. However, this one did 
not happen to be of that class. He, like the most of the 
barbers of Jlindoostan, used no soap, but simply rubbed our 
faces with water from the river, u^ing our trunks for chairs. 
His razor was a rude, huge instrument, which, if seen in the 
hands of any other than a barber, would have puzzled a 
stranger to guess for what use it was intended. When per- 
forming his tonsonial duties he stood in front of us, with his 
arm stretched at fall length, and, being squint-eyed, he 
looked obliquely into our faces, so that it was hard for us to 
tell on what part of the face he was going to bring his scraper 
to bear. It was like pulling the hairs out by the roots, and, 
while pa.ssing through the operation, the tears flcwed copi- 
ously from our eyes. 

In due time the wagons arrived and we were taken to the 
post office, or depot, situated on the banks of the river 
Jumna, a distance of two miles from where we were landed 
from the boats. 

Allahabad, means the city of God. "Allah" is the Arabic 
name for the Supreme Being; "Abad" is the Persian name 
for inhatiited (a town or city). This city is situated at the 
forks of the Jumna and Ganges, the southern side being 
washed by thi one and the northern by the other. It occu- 
pies the south-eastern boundary of the rich district of country 
called the Doab, or the country of "Two Rivers," and is the 
highest point on the Ganges, reached by the river steamers. 
Its arsenal and fort arc among the largest and finest in India. 
The fort is a mile and a half in circuit, ri.~ing direct from the 
Doint where the two rivers meet, and on that side it is con- 
sidered impregnable. The arsenal within the fort, contained, 
when we were there, arms for thirty thousand men, besides a 
large park of artillery and the largest powder magazine in 
Tpper India. The European troops were quartered inside 



the garrison in well arranged barracks. The military canton- 
ments for the Sepoy soldiers lay north-west of it. 

The suburbs of Allahabad, especially on the Jumna shore, 
were interspersed with elegant mansions, which were occupied 
principally by Europeans, who were in the employ of the 
East India Company as civil and military ofl!i 'ers, including a 
sprinkling of traders and indigo planters. These magnificent 
habitations nestled in the midst of mango groves that were 
peopled with flocks of ring-necked paroquets. Upon the 
whole, Allahabad, with its surroundings, together with the 
coralort and convenience of its Anglo-Indian citizens, who 
rolled in wealth and ease, presented to the eye of the traveler 
the appearance of an earthly paradise. However, human 
comfort and pleasure are seldom permanently enjoyed in this 
mundane sphere of ours, and this case was no exception. 
Shortly after the citizens rejected our testimony, how changed 
the scene! These opulent characters referred to, including 
their families, suffered untold miseries at the hands of the 
natives, encountering devastation and death. 

As Elder W. and I did not present oiirselves before the 
peaple till our return from the Upper Provinces, I will allude 
to our recer-tion in a future chapter. 

The native city of Allahabad lies to the westward of the 
fort, on the Jumna shore. It contains seventy thousand 
inhabitants. It poorly comports with its magnificent surround- 
ings. The buildings and streets are poor. Its mosques and 
temples are far inferior to those in Benares and other cities. 
However, the fomb of Sultan Khosroo and his "serai," or 
palace, together with the gardens, are superior to any found 
in India. 

The pilgrim.^ who crossed the river with us repaired to a 
particular spot, outside the fort, where the actual mingling of 
the waters of the two great rivers takes place. Both these 
rivens are looked upon as being sacred, hence male and female 
pilgrims are anxious to bathe in their purifying waters. 
Devotees here, as well as at Benares, have chatties, or earthtn 
pots, made fast to their bodies, and proceed in a boat to the 
middle of the stream and throw themselves into the water, 
antieipatiiig, by this .self destruction, to obtain an eternal 
reward. Pilgrims also have their heads shaved, believing 
that every hair that mingles with these waters gives them a 
million years residence in heaven, and advances the condition 
of their ancestors beyond the tomb. The Brabmans, during 
the performance of these ceremonies, reap a rich harvest from 
the pilgrims. Each Brahman has a small platform erected 
in the river, where he officiates in the obseipiies for and in 
behalf of the dead. 

Now, my readers, you can fee from the foregoing that the 
fathers of the Hindoos once ha/d a knowledge of that portion 
of the gospel which pertains to the dead. According to their 
tradition, there were only certain sacred spots where such 
ceremonies could be attended to, and water had something to 
do with it, Through the long night of darkness that ensued 
after the gospel was taken from the earth, men wandered from 
.their Heavenly Father and lost the spirit of revelation; hence 
the truth in its purity was lost until again revealed. Still a 
smal', mixed vein of the ancient order of things can be seen 
cropping out, even among idolaters. 

( To he ContinveJ. ) 



A M.\N who gives his children habits of industry, provides 
for them better than by giving them a fortune. If industri- 
ous, they can earn a fortune, if not, they would only squan-. 
der one if it were given to them. 




JT7^ElsriIjEl IIsTSTI^/TJOTOI^ 



51 



6^ 



THIi] L^AdlJ^lSriTES. 



VARIOUS speculations have been indulged in bj' ethnolo- 
gists concerning the origin of the race of people known as 
American Indians. Very little attention was paid to the sub- 
ject previous to the last-half a century, but during the latter 
period scientific men have spent much time and means in 
collecting data to enlighten them in regard to the past 
history and origin of the native races of this continent. The 
ruins of their ancient dwellings and temples scattered over the 
country have been explored, their picture writings have been 
cipied, their inscriptive monuments have been i-tudied, and 
their mounds and burial places have been burrowed into in the 
tireless search for relics. Sufficient has been learned to con- 
vince those engaged in the study that the early inhabitants of 
this continent were highly civilized, and that there is an appa- 
rent relationship between their civilization and that of the 
eastern continent. But where to find the connecting link 
between the two, and how to account for tho origin of these 
American tribes, are questions that have puzzled the brains 
of the profoundest thinkers and most learned ethnologists of 
t^ie age. The speculative theories advanced by different writers 
upon the subject are as varied and conflicting as it is possible 
to imagine. Some claim tVat they represent a separate and 
distinct creation from the rest of mankind, others that they 




= m 







are tho remnants of the lost ten tribes of Israel, others that 
they are of Ph«aician origin, etc. 

While all this doubt and uncertainty exists among the 
scientific men of the world, the Latter day Saints alone have 
an assurance not only of the origin and past hi.-tory o( these 
people, but also of their future destiny. They have in thtir 
possession the early historv of this race, and know that not- 
withstanding the low, degraded condition in which they are 
found at present, they have tbe blood of Israel in their veins. 
The Book of Mormon, revealed by an angel from heaven to 
the Prophet Joseph Smith, tells us this. And it also tells us 
that the Lord will yet accomplish a mighty work with this peo- 
ple; that a remnant of them will be brought to a knowledge of 
the truth concerning tho gosfel and the nroniisjsmade to their 
fathers, and that they will become a white and delightsome 
jeojile. 

Knowing these things, the Latter-day Saints do not regard 
these poor natives as others generally do. They do not seek 
(heir lives and try to rob them of all their rights. But instead, 
they help them with means, they teach them how to earn a 
livelihood, to be industrious, honest and moral, to live peace- 
ably, and take a course to [irolong their lives. 

When America was first colonized by Europeans, the Indians 
were very numerous. Since then they have been wasted away 
by wars and other causes until there are comparatively few 




left. According to the census of the L^nited States taken in 
1860, there were 44,021 civilized Indians (or Indians under 
governmental supervision, supposed to be learning the arts of 
civilization) in the United States. In 1S70 there were only 
25,731, there having been a decrease in one decade of IS, 200. 
Whisky and nisease introduced among them by white men arc 
understood to he the principal decimating causes among them. 
In all probability the next census will thow a still greater 
decrease. 

Looking at it naturally we might expect the total extinction 
of the lace to be the result; but we know that such will not be 
the case. Already the Almighty has commenced to work upon 
the hearts of these poor down-trodden people. Dreams and 
visions have been given to many of them, and they have been 
led to seek counsel and baptism at the hands of the Latter- 
day Saints; and the time is close at hand when thousands of 
them will embrace the gospel and claim and receive of the 
Lord the blessing promised to their fathers in ages past. 



iogra^hg. 



IP R> b 1= H E3 T . 



THE 



( Continued. 



AFTER the occurrences related in the la>t numlier, the 
Twelve Apostles, who had been called by revelation from 
the Lord to go on a miss-ion, to cross the great waters to Eng- 
land, began to make prepartions for their journey. The reve- 
lation in which they were called to take this mission was given 
at Far West, July Sth, 1S."T, and read as follow.-: — 

QIjE.STION. 

"Show unto vs tJiy will, Lord, concerning the Ticelicf 

AN.SWER. 
Verily thus snith the Lord. Let a conference be held immedi- 
ately, let the Twelve he organize-J, and let men he appointed to 
supply the place of those who are fallen. Let my servant 
Thomas remain for a season in the land of Zion, to publ'sh my 
word. Let the residue continue to preach from that hour, and if 
they will do this in all lowliness of heart, in meekness and 
humility, and long-siiftering, I, the Lord, give unto them a 
promise that I will provide for their families, and an (flectiml 
door shall be opened for them, from henceforth; and next spring 
let them depart to go over the great waters, and there promul- 
gate my gospel, the fullness thereof, and Dear record of my 
name. Let them take leave of my Saints in the city of Far 
West, on the Slth day of Ajiril next, on the building spot nf my 
house, saith the Lord. 

Let my servant John Taylor, and also my servant John E. 
Page, and also my servant Wilford Wo<idru1f', and also my ser- 
vant Willard Richards be aijpointcd to fill the places of those 
who have fallen, and be otheially notified of their appointment. 

Sickness had again seized upon nearly all of the Twelve. 
It seemed as if the adversary was exerting himself to hedge 
up their way to prevent them funn accomplishing their mis- 
sion. President Briuham Young had such iioor health when 
he started that he was unable to go thirty rods to the river 
Mississippi without assistance. He started September 11th, 
1 S.'.O, and left his wife sick, with a babe only ten days old. and 
all his childicn sick and unable to wait upon each other. He 
lived at iMontrose, which w.-is on the ojipo.-ite side of the river 
from Nauvoo. He crossed the river, and .succeeded in reach 





52 



JTJ^:E21<TX1L,'B1 IlSrSTI?.TJCTOI?; 




ing Brother Heber C. Kimball's bouse, who lived at Nauvoo, 
and remained there sick until the 18th of that month. 
Brother Heber and his family were also sick, and he left themj 
as the other brethren did their families, poor and destitute of 
the necessaries of life. 

Brother Parley P. Pratt had succeeded, after his deliver- 
ance from prison in Missouri, in obtaining some land at Nau- 
voo. On this he built a log house, which he sold. With the 
means thus obtained he started on his mission, taking his 
family with him. He was accompanied by his brother, Orson 
Pratt, whose family was leit at Montrose, and by Hiram Clark. 
They started on the I'Oth of August, 1S39. 

Brother John Taylor's health was good when he and Brother 
Wilford Woodruff started; but Brother Woodiuff had then 
been confined to his bed with ague for two weeks; and from 
that sick bed he arose to start on his mission. They both left 
their families at Montrose sick, in poverty and helpless. They 
started together without purte or scrip, on the Sth of August, 
18:59, but as they were leaving Nauvoo, Polder Farley P. Pratt 
gave Brother Woouruff a imrse, and Elder Heber C. Kinlball 
gave him a dollar to put iu it. 

At Macomb, ^IcDonough County, Illinois, they held a con- 
ference, which Elders Samuel H. and Don Carlos Smith, two 
of Joseph's brothers, attended. While here. Elder Taylor 
received a present of a horse from George Miller, afterwards 
Bishop, and a saddle from Brother John Vance. They con- 
tinued their journey to Springfield, where he sold the horse to 
pay for the printing of a pamphlet which he published respect- 
ing the persecution of the Saints in Missouri, From this 
place they were carried on their journej' by Father Coltrin in 
his wagon. After entering the State of Indiann, Elder Taylcr 
who, up to that time, had enjoyed good health, took sick. 
He fainted several times; but on the 2Sth of August he sud- 
denly fell to the ground as if he had been knocked down. 
Continuing their journey, they reached Brother Horace S. 
Eldredae's. Here Elder Taylor was kindly administered to 
and nursed, and was much benefited. After leaving there he 
became worse, and at Germantown, Indiana, he had to stop. 
He put up at a tavern during his long and severe attack of 
bilious fever, and was treated with great kindness. Elder 
Woodruff being sick with the ague, at Elder Taylor's request, 
continued his journej' with Father Coltrin to Cleveland, Ohio. 
He traveled thence on the lake and canal to Albany, N. Y. , 
where he took stage to his father's house in Farmington, 
Connecticut. During his journey he shook with the ague 
nearly every day. After he arrived at his father's he was 
confined to his bed for fifteen days, and his parents had but 
little hope of his recovery. 3Ieanwhile an uncle of his died at 
Avon, who, upon his death bed, requested that he should 
preach his funeral sermon. He arose from his bed, and rode 
six miles in a chilly wind, and preached the funeral sermon to 
a large congregation of former neighbors and friends. His 
ague left him from that hour. Snon after he proceeded to 
New York, and visited Long Inland and other parts of the 
country, preaching the gospel as opportunity presented, until 
Elder Taylor's arrival at New^ York. 

Though Elder Taylor was among strangers, he was not 
neglected. The Lord rai.^ed him up friends who were much 
interested in his recovery and welfare. Before he was able to 
walk, or to stand and preach, they obtained the Court House 
for him to hold meeting in. A large congregation assembled, 
and he preached to them sitting in a chair. Many interesting 
incidents occured while he was here, which we have not space 
to dwell upon. As soon as he was able to travel, lie took stage 



for Dayton, Ohio, stopping and preaching on the way. In 
attempting to visit a branch of the Church iu this neighbor- 
hood, he had a relapse of his di-sease, and was again prostrated. 
While he lay sick at Dayton, Brothers George A. Smith, Theo- 
dore Turley and Reuben Hedlock came there. He started with 
them, and at Cleveland, they found Presidents Young and 
Kimball, and they all traveled together to Kirfland. Several 
meetings were held there in the Temple, and on Sunday, 
November 1 7th, 1839, Elders Taylor and Turley received their 
anointings in the Temple, and the ordinance of the washing of 
feet; President Young anointed Elder Taylor, and Daniel S. 
Miles, one of the Presidents of the Seventies, anointed 
Brother Turley. Elder Taylor traveled in company with the 
above-named Elders into the State of New York. There they 
stopped and preached, and he and Brother Turley proceeded 
to the city of New York. Although provided with everything 
on the road, and not lacking anything, he reached the city 
with but one cent left. Brother Woodruff was already there. 
The Lord opened their way to obtain means to pay their pas- 
sages across the ocean, and they sailed December 20th, 1S39, 
for Liyerpool, which port they reached January 11th, 1840. 
( To he Contimied. ) 



^» •<^- 



01J 



t 



"^1 



tttfle 




TWO WISHES. 



Shall I tell you a tiue sto-ry a-bout 
two young tViends of mine? 

Par-ley and Wil-lie were lov-ing lit-tle 
play-mates, and ver-y fond of be-ing to- 
getli-er. They lived next door to each 
oth-er; so that when Par-ley want-ed to see 
Wil-lie, he had on-ly to step out of the 
back door, run down the gras-sy path be- 
tween cur-rant and goose-ber-ry bush-es, 
and pass through the gate, which o-pened 
in-to W^il-lie's play-ground. One day as 
they walked in the gar-den they found a 
dou-ble, or twin cher-ry; and Par-ley said 
"Let us each eat half, and then wish for 
some-thing." They did so, and Par-ley 
wished that his fath-er would not for-get 
the po-ny he had prom-ised for his birth- 
day. Wil-lie looked sad for a mo-ment and 
then said, "I wish for some new clothes; 
but I dont ex-pect PU get them very soon, 
be-cause now my pa is on a miss-ion, and 
we are not very rich. Ma said that she 
could not get any for me yet a-while." 







J TJ "^ E] ItT I L E i:tTSTI2.XJOT:OI?/ 



53 



At last the wel-come day came round — 
and Par-ley was ten years old. But lie 
■did jiot seem to be in any Imr-ry for his 
po-ny. When his fath-er asked him if he 
were rea-dy to go with him and buy it, he 
an-swered yes; but when they got out on 
the street he said, "Pa, I don't want a 
pon-y. Wont you take the nion-ey and 
buy Wil-lie a suit of clothes? His fath-er 
is a-way on a mis-sion, and his moth-er 
can't af-ford to do it." Don't you sup- 
pose the lit-tle boy's fath-er was ver-y 
much pleased? He said "My dear son, if 
you will be made hap-pier by my spend- 
ing this mon-ey for Wil-lie's clothes in- 
stead of your po-ny, I will do so." So 
Par-ley had the pleas-ure of mak-ing his 
friend the pre-sent he had wished for; but 
he did not know that his own wish would 
come true, as it did the next morn-ing, 
when he found the lit-tle black po-ny tied 
to a post in the back-yard, and his fath-er 
said to him, "Par-ley, since you were kind 
.e-nough to give up your hap-pi-ness for 
the sake of your play-mate, you shall not 
lose any-thing by be-ing so un-self-ish." 
So both the wish-es were ful-filled. 

Kennon. 



►-—»«>- 



THJi] 






BV DANIEL TVLEM. 




SIGNS. 

AFTER baptism for the remission of sins and the laying on 
of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, there were certain 
signs followed the believers. This was in fulfillment of the 
promise .Jesus made to His Apostles, faying, "Those signs 
shall follow them that believe; in my name they shall cast out 
deyils; they shall speak with new tongues; they shall take up 
serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt 
them; they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." 
You will observe that the gifts here spoken of were to fol- 
low those who believed and obeyed the preaching of the 
gospel. Now, if .Jesu? had been an impostor it would have 
been easy to prove Him such, for, in that case, the signs would 
not have followed, and the dace ;)f ion would soon have endeil. 
But it seeni.s tlicy actually did follow, the same as th ^ follow 
the preaching of the gospel now. 



The same chapter informs us that "they went forth, and 
preached everywhere, the Lord working with them, and con- 
firming the word with signs following." 

The signs must have been the same as promised or they 
would not have confirmed the word, or promise. Those same 
promises were renewed to Joseph Smith, and follow the 
believers now as much as then. The writer has witnessed 
them in scores of instances. So have thousands of others. 

It appears to be almost needless to prove these things, and 
would be entirely so were it not that the present generation of 
so- called Christians have gone so far into infidelity as to deny 
them, though still claiming to believe in the Bible. They pre- 
tend to believe that they were only given to the Apostles to 
establish the gospel. But we have proved that the promise was 
to all those who believed, and were to all whom the Lord should 
call to repentance in every age until the earth shall be full 
of the knowledge of God. 

I do mt wish my young reider.s to think that spiritual or 
miraculous gifts are a sure sign or infallible proof of the truth 
of the gospal They were never designed to convince unbeliev- 
ers. You will find, by reading the 10th chapter of St. Mark, 
that there is not the slightest hint that any one should receive 
them until they believed. They wore to be the result of faith; 
to confirm and strena then those who already believed. Jesus 
told the people plainly that there should be but one sign 
given to the generation in which He lived. When the .Jews 
asked Him for a sign. He replied: "An evil and adulterous 
generation seeketh after a sign, and there shall no sign be 
given to it but the sign of the prophet .Jonas. For as .Jonas 
WIS three days and three nights in the whale's belly; so shall 
the Son of min be three days and three nights in the heart of 
the earth." 

We may infer from the sayings of Jesus that He would be 
taken by wicked hands and slain, and that His body would lie 
three days in the tomb, at the end of which time He would 
arise from the dead. We know that Jesus was crucified and 
liy three days in the grave. The fulfillment of the part of 
the prophecy which was given as the only sign to that genera- 
tion none disputed. They saw Him nailed to the cross; they 
saw Him hanging there after He was dead. They saw Him 
'taken down a lifeless corpse; they witnessed Him laid in the 
new sepulchre, or tomb; they saw an army of soldiers placed 
around the tomb as a guard to keep His followers, as they 
said, from stealing away His body. To double the assurance 
they saw a great stone rolled against the door. All of this 
was done becau>-e they remembered the sign Jesus had given 
them. Hi told them they might take that as a sign. This 
being given as a test, they were determined there should be 
no fraud. They would see that He did not gel out of the 
grave on the third day. But, after all of their caution, lo! an 
angel rolled the stone away; the guards fell to the earth like 
dead men; the Redeemer of the world aro>e and walked out 
of the tomb, and those unbelievers never saw Him after. The 
sign had its fulfillment then, but He never apiicared to those 
sign-seekers; not even to contradict the falsehood circulated 
by the soldiers who guarded the sepulchre— that His disciples 
stole His body while they were asleep. Yet He was in and 
out with His Saints for forty days, notwithstanding which, 
miny ye irs afterwards, when the New Testament was written, 
the .Jews kept to the old fabrication that His followers . -tide 
His body. That one sign proved a curse instead of a blessing, 
for it condemned them, as they remained in unbelief 

It was the same then as it is now. The Lord told .loscph 
Smith that tho.-e who seek signs shall have signs, but not unto 
i-alvation. 





54= 



a-TJ'V"E13SriIL.E IITSTI^-CrOTOI?. 



c 




uuenilf |(nstrndot;* 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, - 


EDITaR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


MARCH 1, 1878. 



EilDXi:OTi.XJi^lL, THZOTJO-HITS. 




YERV child who is faupht the Lord's 
prayer is taught to a^k that the Lord's 
will may be done on earth as it is in 
heaven. Children, have you ever thought 
about thif? Suppose every person on 
the earth did the Lord's will, would there 
be any division or di.-union? Would not 
all people be united? From one end of the 
. ^'^"^ earth to the other peace would reign, and 
there would be no contention or strife. Would 
not this be a happy condition for mankind to be 
in? Would it not be delightful for all to live 
together as brothers and sisters and friends, no 
quarreling, no fighting, no one taking advantage 
«y,^ of another, but all dwelling together in love and 
/^ iw ^ harmony? This would make a heaven on earth. 
>I my people pray for this; but they do not know 
how it will be brought about. 
The Latter day Saints above all other people desire this. 
They have been taught that those who obey the gospel should 
)3e one— that there should be no contention, no strife or divisions 
among the people who belong to the Church of Christ; but 
that all .should seek to know the will of the Lord and do it. 
The Latter day Saints have been taught that it is their 
privilege to know the will of the Lord. In years past they 
have known it. From the time the Church was organized 
until the present, they have known it. And when they have 
done the Lord's will, they have been a happy, joyous and a 
united people. They have had no quarreling no divisions, 
no hatred; but they have been at peace and have loved one 
another. When, however, they have not done the Lord's 
will, then there have been strifes and contentions and haid 
and bitter feelings among those who should be Saints. 

Children, you may ask, how has the Lord's will been known 
among the Siint-? Has He come down Himself and told 
everybody? Not always. He has the H.ily <:host, through 
whom iris will is made known; He has angels and He has 
His servants on the earth. When Ele organized His Church, 
He chose servants to be His ministers unto the Church. He 
placed a man to preside over the Church to whom He gave 
the keys of the priesthood and through whom He made His 
will known unto the Church. When He told this man what 
to do and what to say to the peoi)le, the people did not have 
to obey Him blindly and without knowing themselves whether 
it was right or not. If they were faitliful. He gave them the 
H.jly Spirit. When the President of the Church told them 
the will of the L rd, they know by that Spirit whether it was 
that or not. la this w.iy the prophets Joseph and Brigham 
led the Church. The Lord told them His will, they told it 
to the people, and if the people had the Spirit of the Lord, 
they knew it was true. Now that Brother Brighain is gone, 
the Lord has raised up another servant to take his place- 
President John Taylor. It is his privilege and duty to make 



known the will of the Lord to the people. If the people are 
faithful there will be no divisions among them, because if 
they are in doubt as to what is right, they have only to ask in 
the proper way and the Spirit will bear testimony to them as 
to what is right. In this way the will of the Lord can be 
done on earth as it is in heaven. 

The devil does not want the will of the Lord done. He 
does not want the people united. He seeks for division, for 
contention and for strife. He hates the Latter-day Saincs 
because they act together. All his followers hate them for 
the same reason. If we would split up and divide, refuse to 
listen to the counsel of the man of God, then the devil and 
his followers would rejoice. He tries to persuade the people 
that it is true independence to divide un and every man go 
for himself and to refuse to do as the servants of God say. 
But remember, children, this is a step towards apostasy. 
Whenever you see a man disobeying the counsel of the Lord 
through the holy priesthood, you may know that unless he 
repents he will apostatize. It is a sure sign of apostasy. A 
man may be an Apostle, a Seventy, a High Priest, an Elder or 
a Bishop, yet if he tries to divide the people and persuades 
them to disobey the prophet of God, he will surely fall, 
unless he repents with all his heart. The Lord asks us to 
obey Him. He tells us how to do so. He does not ask for 
blind obedience, because He gives His Holy Spirit to all who 
ask for it to show them that it is right to obey. 

But some men think that it may be right to be obedient 
and united in church matters; but in politics it is not so 
necessary. They act as though it was all right to divide and 
quarrel in political matters. This, however, is a great mis- 
take. The Lord savs to us that we must be one, not in 
church affairs alone, but in all things. It would be a blessed 
thing for the Latter-day Saints if the Lord would choose 
their officers for them, and they wjuld accept those whom He 
should choose. Does not the Lord know what is best for us 
politically? He certainly does. We are not so perfect a 
people as we should be; we have not been as obedient as we 
should be; but still, because we have been counseled by His 
servant, He has blessed us and our land. Utah is in a better 
condition to-day than any of the Territories and than the 
most of the States. Besides the blessings of a temporal 
nature which He has given us, there is that heavenly peace 
and joy which He has poured out upon the obedient. Has 
not obedience brought its immediate reward in the satisfaction 
of mind and the love and union which those who are obedient 
enjoy? Ask the faithful Saints throughout all these monn- 
tains. VN'ho have been blessed with the Spirit of the Lord, 
with t'aith and ]ifaee and joy? Have not the obedient. What 
has I)C('n the fite of those who have sought to divide the 
people? Look around you. Have they faith? Do they have 
joy in the work of the Lord? Have they the testimony of 
Jesus? They certainly have not. Barkne.ss and doubt and 
unbelief have taken possession of them; they are left to 
themselves and grojie around like blind men. 

Juveniles, never forget that which we now tell j-ou: It is 
Satan that tries to divide the Latter-day Saints; it is not the 
Ijord. It is Satan that stirs up strife, dissension and bitter- 
ness. Head the Book of Mormon and you will see what those 
do who folhrw him. Little by little, step by step he leads 
along those who listen to him until he has them b.uiiid in his 
everlasting dtains. Ho did so in old times; he does so now. 
How droadl'ul is the f;ite of such! Poverty, death and even 
martyrdom of the most painful character are sweet compared 
with apostasy. Cultivate obedience, children; obey your 





'^ 



a"TJ"^rE3^ILE XltTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



55 ^^ 



parents in the Lord; obey the servants of the Lord and seek 
continually to do His will, and you will have joy and 
happiness. 



THIE IDEIjTJGE. 



BY BETH. 



IX the eighth chapter of Genesis we may find an explanation 
of the incidents which the accompanying engravings rep- 
resent. We read that when the patriarch Noah was shut up 
in the ark on account of the flood he resorted to a very simple 
expedient to determine whether the waters had dried up from 
off the earth. He sent forth one of the ravens he had in the 
ark, in the first instance, and then sent a dove "to see if the 
waters were abated from off the face of the ground." As 
was very natural for a dove to do, she returned to the ark 
when she "found no rest for the sole of her foot;" "for the 
waters were on the face of the whole earth." Then Noah 
put forth his hand and took the dove into the Erk. The 
engraving represents only a part of the ark and the window, 
as it is chiefly intended to bring before us one of the circum- 
stances which enables us to form a very clear conception of 
the condition of things at that time outside of the ark. 




The s3cond pisture gives us an ilea o'.' an improved 
condition of things, in accordance with the narrative. We 
learn that Noah had waited seven days before ho sent forth 
the dove again. And she returned again in the evening, with 
an olive leaf in her mouth— a very natuial thing lor a dove to 
do, as all are aware wlio are familiar with the habits of the 
dove! But this was an impoi taut fact for Noah to learn; he 
"knew that the waters were abated from off the earth." 

By the account given by Moses, we learn that the deluge or 
flooding of the earth was revealed to Noah (Tien vi., I.J u'2), 
and Moses has made known to us more concerning it than any 
other historian has done. He has not merely given an account 
of the event, but the causes which gave ri^c to it. As to the 
fact of the deluge being general, or univeri-al; that is, that 
the whole earth was covered with water at the .s-inie time, the 
Assyrians give a statement which bears the greatest resem- 
blance to the account given by Closes. There has been a tradi- 
tion of tlic deluge prevailing forages among the i)eopl(s of the 
eastern continent. The ancient Kgjplian priests lauj.'lit that 
"there had been many deluges." Some of the classical 
authors of antiquity fell us about great floods, fome of wliich 
are reported as liaving been cniifined to certain localities. 
Whether this conlintnt is alluded to or not in the wiilings of 
Mcses, has not been levcakd to us. 80 c!o>ely i.s the Bible 



o 



version like that recorded in the cuneiform writing, as trans- 
lated by the learned of our own day, that many persons have 
supposed jMoses had access to the ancient Assyrian records. 

Although we have no account in the writings of Moses 
which directly alludes to this continent, there are traditions 
among the American Indians which probably had their origin 
in the same facts as those recorded by him. Some of the 
Indians tell of an ancient flood; and many of "heir usagis and 
ceremonies seem to have a reference to j lactices of the Jewish 
people, as recorded in the Bible. It is reasonable to believe 
that these usages and ceremonies are derived trom a people 
connected by a common origin with the Jew.s. This brings us 
to the history of the former inhabitants of this continent as 
revealed in the Book of Mormon. Testimony such as this 
the world will not leeeive; but it is confirmation to us of the 




truth of the revelations given through Joseph t>mith And,' 
we may exi)cct tiiat now so much attention is being I'-.M to 
the history of the aborigines of tbis continent, furlh t dis- 
coveii s will be made, uniil at last men will receive as true 
the statements found in the Book of Moiuion. Already 
eni|uiries are being made by elliiioliigi>ts and antiquarians as 
to the nature of the tablets found by the prophet Josoi)h, 
to see if they are in any way similar to .-oine recently found 
in Iowa, Ohio and Illinois. Characters resembling the 
KL'yptian ari^ being found on tablets which may yet 1 e trans- 
lated. Sacrifices on mounds are represented; obcli.vks with 
heroglyhics on tlicm, an 1 letters nscmbling the (Ircek and 
llrbri'W. Of this we may be satisfied: just a-; ihi' universal 
traditions of the Asiatics, pointing to the great deluge, had 
their origin in tiiilli. >» have the traditions nf the inhabitants 
of anciciil .\iHi'rica. 



C^ 



4 



13; 



d^. 



.?i£) 




\ ^ L^f»IJI^*aigBBfSB-, 



JU'^'misTj.x^si insrsTi^/TJCTOi?/ 




I^ E E.S E"V B E/ A. 2srO E . 




IT is related of Kichard Burke that when found in a deep 
meditation after listening to one of his brother's splendid 
harangues in Parliament, he excused himself by sayine, "I 
have been wondering how Ned has contrived to monopolize all 
the talents of the family; but now I remember, when we were 
at play, he was always at work. " The natural talents of Rich- 
ard Burke were scarcely inferior to those of the great states- 
raan; but while the one sleeps in Westminster Abbey and is 
held ill grateful remembrance by his country, the other never 
attained to eminence, and is wholly Jbrgotten. And why? 
Because he lacked perseverance; that power of application 
which develops the mental faculties, and trains them to the 
successful performance of their allotted tatk. When the 
natural genius is of an interior order, ^erftveiante will 
frequently supply the deficiency; and the boy, lidiculed for his 
slowness, if constant in application and earnest in his work, 
will outstrip more brilliant but less industrious compeiitcrs. It 
is pleasant to see this want of ready talent compensated by 
vigorous and well-directed labor. '"If there be one thing on 
earth," sa.vs Dr. Arnold, 'SThieh is truly acimiiable, it is to see 
God's wisdom blessing an icferioriiy of i alutai joweis, -Bbeie 
they have been honestly, zealously and tiiily cultivated." We 
rejoice when the weak win in their struggle with the strong, 
and in the race between ihe iciiei.e ii.d the haie, our f^mj a- 
thies are with the tortoise. 

Ben Johnson says, in one of his play.s. 'When I lake the 
humor of a thing once, I am like jcur tailoi's ticdk — 
Jgothrovgh." Qhis should le lie maxim of every jouth. 
Until a thing is done, keep doing. Let lo cbstacies daunt 
you, and let repeated failure spur you to repeated (ffort. 

It is in such a spirit as this that the workman should address 
himself to his woik; should reluse to flinch before any, the 
greatest disaster; should leain, ly persistent labor, to grow 
into strength and complelness: — 

"See first that the design is wise and just; 
That afcertamcd, j.uisue it resolutely. 
Do not for one repul-'e Ibrego the purpose 
That you resolved to effect " 

Ferguson, the boy-astrour.msr, calculating the ] ositions of 
the stars by the help of a string of beads; Murray, altci wards 
the great oriental scholar, tcaehieg himself to write with a 
charred brand on a whitened wall;— these aie examples which 
the young should ever keep tefoie their cjes. The entire 
secret of success in life— at school, in the study, or in the busy 
world— is compiised in the burden of the old song, "Try, try, 
try again." 

A distinguished Italian author has started the theory that 
all men may become poets and orators, as if the only difference 
between genius aud meaioerity lies in the powerof api)lication. 
To such a theory we are not disposed to subscribe. No 
aiuou'jt of laljor, however persistent, or however well directed, 
can convert a Stephen ])uck into a -Milton or a Shakspeare. 
But the fallacy lies in thi.«, that the world dtes not reciuire of 
all of us that we should be Miltons and Fhakspeares; only 
that we should do our lest in whatsoever position the will of 
Providence shall have placed us. and, by so doing, contribute 
to swell the sum of human happiness and human good. 
^ When Giardini was asked how long it would take to learn 
the violin, he replied, "Twelve hours a day lor twenty years 
together." Alas, too many of us think to play our fiddles by 
a species of itspiration! I knew a brilliant pianist, who 
assured me that for years she practiced seven hours daily. 



These Blondins and Leotards, whose gymnastic achievements 
attract admiring crowds — what labor they must have under- 
gone — what perseverance they must have displayed^an energy 
and a purpose that, directed into better channels, might have 
made them benefactors of mankind. 

Dr. Toungused to say that "any man can do what any other 
man h as done, " a maxim not wholly true, yet resting on a basis 
of probability. He endeavoured to prove its truth, however, 
by his own example. The following story is told of him: "The 
first time he mounted a horse, he was accompanied by the 
grandson of Mr. Barclay, of Ury, a distinguished cciuestrian. 
His companion having leaped a high fence, Young proceeded 
to follow his example, but in the attempt was thrown off his 
horse. He immediately remounted; made a second effort, and 
was again unsuccessful. Most men would have been deterred 
from another venture; but not so Dr. Young, and at the 
third trial he had the satisfaction of clearing the fence." 

The early career of the great Spanish painter, Sebastian 
Gomez, affords an extraordinary example of successful appli- 
cation. He was a mulatto, and a slave of Murillo's, employed 
to wait upon the pupils of that illustrious master. Heaven 
had gifted him with a passionate love of art; but none of the 
\oung Spaniards who amused their idle hours by laughing at 
his dark complexion aud uncouth features, suspected how dar- 
ing a soul that ungainly foi in enshrined. He received no les- 
sons; from none did he ever gain a hint or suggestion; but he 
watched — oh, how vigorously! every movement cf the stu- 
dents, and scrutinized the daily progress of their labors. At 
length he attemptpd to imtate what he saw, devoting to his 
secret toil the hours of the silent night, until, growing bolder 
and more confident, he ventured to correct the errors of outline 
and coloiing which his keen eye observed in the drawings of 
Jlurillo's pupils. So wlien the youog Spaniards came in the 
morning, they saw with surprise that an arm lal been added 
here, a leg there; that inharmonious proportions had been 
adjusted; that woolly and fleecy skies had been toned and soft- 
ened into summer-lighted heavens; and patches of ultramarine 
converted into sweet woodland lakes. With the supersti- 
tious feeling of the age, they ;;ccredited these improvements to 
some mysterious nocturnal visitor, and Gomez, to escape sus- 
picion, confirmed their folly, declaring it must be the Zombi — a 
spirit of whom the negrof s are tremblingly afraid. But a 
finely-painted head of the Virgin having attracted Murillo's 
attention, the great master convinced that Zombis would not 
paint JIadonnas, instituted a rigid investigation, and discovered 
with surprise and admiration that it was the work of his 
mulatto-boy. He summoned Gomez to the studio, and when 
the pcror slave flung himself on his knees and confessed the 
.secret of his nightly vigils, he raised him up with words of 
encouragement, promised him his liberty, and adopted him as 
his pupil and successor, 

Gomez rose to a high position as a painter, and finished 
many admirable works, remarkable for their truth and depth 
of expression, their warmth and softness of coloring. He is 
best known in art-history as Murillo's mulatto, and only sur- 
vived his illustrious master a few years, dying about 1680 or 
KVjO. lie Boy Malces the Man. 



Pr.wer. — Th'i Almighty looks not at the pomp of words 
and variety of expression, but at the sincerity and devot'on of 
the heart. The key opens the door, not because it is gilt, but 
because it fits the bok. Eloquence alone is not likely to have 
much weight with the Lord. 





JIJ-^En^ILE IISrSTI^"D"OTOI2/. 




rf^ttriositie^ in |fitt!i!ai[, (4f>^*'f^» 



(Continued.^ 




BEFORE we leave the consideration of Egyptian diet, we 
must refer to a stranse custom in eating wlii^-h is said to 
prevail with a certain claps in that country to some extent, 
though the articles eaten can scarcely be considered as 
aliment. 

Writers on Egyptian customs attribute to the "dar- 
weeshes," or dervishes— members of certain religious sects 
abounding in that country, practices that seem almost incred- 
ible, but which are authenticated by several reliable travelers 
who claim to have witnessed them. 

The.se dervishes are in the habit of going through a per- 
formance called "zikr," which conbi^ts of whirling around or 
swinging the body, and repeating certain word.s. This they 
continue sometimes until they work themselves into a kind of 
frenzy, in which state they eat live serpents, red-hot coals or 
glass. E. W. Lane, in his "jManners and Customs of the 
Modern Egyptians," says: "Serpents and scorpions were 
not unfrequently eaten by Saadees during my former visit to 
this country. The former were deprived of their poisonous 
teeth, or rendered harmless by having their upper and lower 
lips bored, and tied togetlier on each side with a silk string, 
to prevent their biting; and sometimes those who were 
merely carried in processions had two silver rings put in place 
of the silk strings. Whenever a Saadee ate the flesh of a 
live serpent, he was, or affected to be, excited to do so by a 
kind of frenzy. He pressed very hard with the end of his 
thumb upon the reptiles back, as he grasped it, at a point 
about two inches from the head; and all that he ate of It was 
the head and the part between it and the point where his 
thumb pressed; of which ho made three or four mouthfuls; 
the rest he threw away." 

The same writer gives the following account of a zikr which 
he witnessed: "There was no regularity in their dancing; 
but each seemed to be performing the antics of a mad-man; 
now, moving his body up and down; the next moment, turning 
round; then, using odd gesticulations wiih his arms; next 
jumping; and sometimes screaming: in short, if a stranger, 
observing them, were not told that they were performing a 
religious exerci.se, supposed to be the involuntary effect of 
enthusiastic excitement, he would certainly think that these 
dancing darweeshes were merely striving to excel one another 
in playing the buffoon; and the manner in which they were 
clad would conduce to impress him with this idea. One of 
them wore a kaftan without sleeves, and without a girdle; 
and had nothing on his head, which had not been shaved for 
about a week; another had a white cotton scull-cap, but was 
naked from the head to the waist; wearing nothing on his 
body but a pair of loose drawer.s. These two darweeshes 
■were the principal performers. The former of them, a dark, 
spare, middle-aged man, after having danced in his odd 
manner for a few minutes, and gradually become more wild 
and extravngant in his actions, ru.-~hed towards the ring 
formed by his brethren who were beating the tar.s. In the 
middle of this ring was placed a small chafing-dish of tinned 
copper, full of red-hot charcoal. From this the darwccsh 
just mentioned seized a piece of live charcoal, which he put 
into his mouth; then h(^ did the same with another, another, 
and another until his mouth was full; when he deliberately 



chewed these live coals, opening his mouth very wide every 
moment, to show its contents, which, after about three 
minutes, he swallowed; and all this he did without evincing 
the slightest symptom of pain, appearing, during the opera- 
tion and after it, even more lively than before. The other 
darweesh before alluded to, as half naked, displayed a 
remarkably fine and vigorous form; and seemed to be in the 
prime of his age. After having danced not much longer 
than the former, his actions became so violent that one of 
his brethren held him; but he released himself from hi.s 
grasp, and, rushing towards the chafing-dish, took out one 
of the largest live coals, and put it into his mouth. He kept 
his mouth wide open for about two minutes, and during this 
period, each time that he inhaled, the large coal appeared of 
almost a white heat; and when he exhiiled, numerous sparka 
were blown out of his mouth After this he chewed and 
swallowed the coal; and then resumed his dancing. When 
their performance had lasted about half an hour, the dar- 
weeshes paused to rest. 

"Before this pause, another party of the same sect had 
begun to perform, near the centre of the great portico. Of 
these I now became a spectator. They had arranged mem- 
selves in the same order as the former party. The ring 
eompo;ed by those who beat the tambourines consisted of 
about the same number as in the other company; but the 
dancers here were about twelve: sometimes les.s. One of 
them, a till man, dressed in a dark woollen gown, and with a 
bare shaven head, took from the chafing-dith, which was 
handed to the dancers as thousjh it had been a dish of cakes 
or sweetmeats, a large piece of brilliantly hot coal, placed it 
between his teeth, and kept it so for a short time, then drew 
it upon his tongue; and, keeping his mouth wide open for, I 
think, more than two minutes, violently inhaled and exhaled, 
showing the inside of his mouth like a furnace, and breathing 
out sparks, as the former darweesh had done; but with less 
appearan e of excitement. Having chewed and swallowed 
the coal, he joined the ring of the tambourine-players, and 
sat almost close to my feet. I narrowly watched his counten- 
ance, but could not see the least indication of his suffering 
any pain. After I had witnessed these extraordinary per- 
formances for about an hour, both parties of darweeshes 
stopped to rest; and as there was nothing more to see worthy 
of notice, I then quitted the mo.'^que. 

"Sometimes, on this occasion, the 'Eesaweeyeh eat glass as 
well as fire. One of them, the hagg Mohammad Es-Selawee, 
a man of gigantic stature, who was lamp-lighter in the 
mosque of the Hasancyn, and who died a few years ago, was 
one of the most famous of the eaters of tire and glass, and 
celebrated for other performances." 

(To he Continued.) 



CtiAR-VPTEti Wins. — It is not wealth, nor position, nor 
culture, so much as character, which wins. Strangely enough, 
those that seek the foimer to the neglect of the latter jiay 
homage to character. There is that in good moral character 
which commands respect. Wealth aiid position, and even cul- 
ture unattended by virtue, may excite comment, while char- 
acter, poor, untitled, ignorant, attract esteem. As a theory, 
this is almost universally recognized, while practically to a 
largo extent it is ignored. Of the value of wealth mid station 
and education we are by no nieanj insenMhle. l?ut their 
importance is vastly diminished by the absence of the virtue 
of character. The one may exi.st without the divine blessing; 
the other is evidence of (Jod's favor. 




^^ 



J-TJ"V^E!3Sri31jE] I^^STI^TJOTOI?.. 




:M:i3srEK.^vi-.s. 



VY J. L. BARFOOT. 




IT is not imendcd now to define in technicul language the 
meaning of the word rock or uiiner:il, but to draw attention 
to the vast resources of this Territor.v which are at present 
valueless to us as a community. Of the gold and silver every- 
body knows, and although the supplies of those valuable 
metals will some day be exhausted it it not likely to be in our 
day. But there are far more precious mineral treasures 
around us which are'searcely noticed yet, that could be made 
sources of perpetual wealth. The late Bishop Peter Maughan 
used to tell us in this city of the vast deposits of valuable 
iron ore in our northern counties. What use has been made 
of them? None. One mountain of sparkling iron ore, thirty 
feet high, has been tunneled into some forty feet. One of 
the finest beds of ore in the world is there ready for our 
use, to employ our "boys," and enrich the capitalists who may 
invest in it. 

Ever since 18.51 the existence of unlimited quantities of 
iron ore in Iron County has been known. The late N. V. Jones, 
Brother Adams and other brethren, it is said, reduced these 
ore?, and mure recently an organiz ition was effected with an 
intention to enrich our country by manufacturing iron. At 
Ogden efforts have boon made at making iron manufacture a 
success. 

Besides iron ores in every uieful variety, we have coal 
which, when it is properly made into coke, will enable us at 
least to sell as cheap and as useful an article as that imported. 

As to lime rocks useful for flu.xing niefalic ores, aud iron 
ores for use in reducing silver ores we are beginning to shut 
out foreign supplies, thu-i adding to our revenue. 

In the article of salt for operating on silver-bearing ores we 
are also earnestly working. The lime will doubtless come 
when table salt will also be made on a large scale, free from 
chemi -al and mechanical impuriiies. 

And sulphur! who would suppose that at ihis time such an 
abunJant article is at present worthless! Sulphur and iron, 
in the form of pyrites, exists here in millions of ton;-; and 
dame nature is now busily engaged in making it into sulphate 
of iron (green vilrioll for our future use. 

Then there is sulphate of copper, or blae vitriol, as it is 
called; of the ciuantities of this useful mineral there are no 
reliable statistics, but the quality is superb. 

And there are alums, sulphates of ammonia wiih alumina, 
soda alums, and manganese alums. All of these minerals 
can be identified as alums by the taste; they are soluble in 
water. Then we have other sulphates which cannot thus be 
recognized: gypsum, in its various forms; selenite, in large 
transparent blocks, fine white and pink compact varieties 
(alabaster), and in common "plaster stone." Some of this is 
being utilized to a very limited extent in making "plaster of 
Paris," and for fertilizing our fields. 

Then we have large accumulations of bitter salts, sulphates 
of soua, with borax, lime and other admixtures, all of which 
could be made useful to the manufacturer of salts, and com- 
mercially valuable. 

No doubt also there are deposits of minerals suitable for 
the potter; not merely common clays, but the finer kinds of 
clay, such as can be manufactured into the china and ])orcclain 
wares. Of earths also, suitable for glazes and pigments there 
are many varieties; some very fine colors were made at 



Brigham City, a city that we are all justly proud of for her 
manufacturing enterprises. 

Our marbles are also valuable, some very bea'.tiful vari- 
eties have been exhibited in this city and in other parts of 
the Territory, but nothing has been done yet in quarrying 
them to any great extent. 

One of our rocks has been largely used — our "Temple 
granite," as it is called by visitors to this city. And it is 
acknowledged to be "the most beautiful granite in the world;" 
it most certainly has a world-wide celebiity; scarcely a visitor 
comes here without taking specimens, and it is exported 
largely in fragments for mineralogical purposes. 

Then there are sand rocks, compact masses of silica in 
grains, cemented together by the same infusible material. 
These are being largely utilized by one of our manufacturing 
firms for furnaces. Also fire clays are being extensively 
used for lining furnaces and making fire-bricks. In the next 
article it will be shown how some of our useful rocks may be 
known. 






BY ELDER 0. 



N 



(Continued.) 

OT long after the singular dream of Elder C. which was 

related in No. 4, he and the little branch at L had a 

greit testimony of the truth of the gospel. One of the sis- 
ters, an aged lady, was taken very ill at about eleven o'clock 
at night. At about twelve it became neccessary to call in a 
neighbor, and the symptoms becoming rapiiily more violrnt and 
alarming. Elder B. who presided over the branch, and Elder 
, who was stopping at his house, were sent for. They came 
at about three or four o'clock in the morning, and found the 
sister seeminaly lying at the point of death. She was uncon- 
scious, her face was of a corpse-like pallor, her flesh was 
old and clammy to the touch and every symptom seemed to 
indicate immediate death. The Elders at once proceeded to 
perform the ordinance for the healing of the sick, and 
immediately after taking their hands off her head, the patient 
leaned over the side of the bed and vomited a quantity of 
foul, dark-colored matter. Consciousness at once returned, 
.symptoms of the disease disappeared, and on the next day 
she was up attending to her hou.se work. On the following 
Sunday during a testimony meeting, she bore testimony that, 
had it not been for the power of God and the ministration of 
Ilis servants she believed she would have been in her coffin 
instead of in that meeting. She had undoubtedly been res- 
cued from the jaws of death through faith and the power of 
the priesthood, and was a living witness of the truth of her 
religion. 

Elder C. hoped that this miracle would excite a spirit of 
en(|uiry among the neighbors, a number of whom were well 
acquainted with the Saints, and had attended some of their 
meetings. But they continued as indifferent as before with 
regard to the message of salvation which Elder C. longed to 
present unto them. 

At about the same time at which this case of healing 
Oicurred, there was another, the patient in this instance'Jjeing a 
weak, puny infant. It's mother, who was a member of the 
(Ihun-h, brought it to Elder C. to be administered to. The 
mother afterwards assured him that not a symptom of the 





crTj-TrE]isriii,E! iisrsTi?.TJOTOiS/ 



59 



disease from whicli the child had suffered, was noticed after 
the performance of the ordinance. There were, subsequently 
to this, other cases of healing among other members of the 
branch, but the people of that great and wicked city continued 
to be utterly indifferent to the labor of Elder C., and at 
length he became convinced that no matter how many miracles 
the peop'e might witness, they could not comprehend 
the gospel unless they repented of their wiclsedness, and this 
they would not do, because it was their nature to love dark- 
ness rather than light. He began to be more and more 
convinced that they would have to experience the scenes of 
his dream before their spiiils would become humble enough 
to receive the gospel. 

iTo he Continued.) 



THE hoisting into the air, and lowering of elephants into the 
hold of a ship, is not only an unusual sight to most men, 
but also a strange experience to most elephants. They were 
lashed with strong ropes, slung as far as practicable in slings, 
hoisted up with cranes with threefold tackle^, aud lowered into 
the steamer's hold like bales of cotton. When in the hold 
they were placed in pens bailt of strong teak timber baulks, 
bolted to the ship's side to prevent them from breaking loose. 
The fear the animals suffered was the only paiu they under- 
went; and by watching the eyes of the poor beasts their terror 
was manifest. Tears trickled down their mild counttnances, 
and they roared with dread, more especially when being 
lowered into the hold, the bottom of which was sanded for 
them to stand upon. We are told that one timid female ele- 
phant actually fainted, and was brought to with a fan and 
many gallons of water. At sea it appears that the animals 
got into a curious habit of occasionally— evidently with a pre- 
concerted signal— setting to work rocking the ship from side to 
side, by giving themselves, simultaneously, a swinging motion 
as they stood athwart the .'hip, the vessel rolling heavily as if 
in a sea-way. This they would do for a spell of an hour or 
more, and then de ist for several hours until the .strange freak 
came to them again. When they reached the port, they were 
hoisted out of the hold and swam on shore, thirty-five being 
thus safely landed without any accident whatever. When 
they were relea-red from the slings it was a supreme moment 
for "the mahout who was always on the elephant's neck from 
the time of its touching the water to letting go. As the word 
was given to let go, each of the elephants, either from the 
lightness of his heart at being freed from his floating pri: on. 
or from his own weight, we are not sure which— lightness of 
heart, like lightness of head, cause elephants and men to play 
pranks— plunged down deep into the water, the mahout on hi -i 
neck. The anxioty on the face of the mahout, just a second 
before the plunge, was a study: so, too, was it when elephant 
and man io.se to the surface again, the former blowing water 
from his trunk and the latter from his no.se. 



■ #» ■ ~^- 



Idlknkss.— It is false and indolent humility which makes 
people sit still and do nothing, because they will not believe 
they are capable of doiog much, for every body can do some- 
thing. Every body can .set a good example, be it to many or 
to few; every body can in some degree encourage virtue and 
religion, and discountenance vice and folly; every body has 
some one whom they can advise and instruct, or in some way 
help to guide through life. 



J^IjI^HIJ^BIE'Z' OIF" C3-OOnD 




Attend carefully to the details of your business. 

Be prompt in all things. 

Consider well, then decide positivelj'. 

Dare to do right; fear to do wrong. 

Endure your trials patiently. 

Fight life's battle bravely, manfully. 

Go not in the society of the vicious. 

Hold your integrity sacred. 

Injure not another's reputation or business. 

Join hands only with the virtuous. 

Keep your mind from evil thoughts. 

Lie not for any consideration. 

IMake few acquaintances. 

Never try to appear what you are not. 

Obseve the Sabbath daj'. 

Pay your honest debts promptly. 

Question not the veracity of a friend. 

Respect the counsel of your parents. 

Sacrifice money rather than ]irineiples. 

Touch not, taste not, hamlle not intoxicating drinks. 

Use your leisure time for improvement. 

A'enture not upon the threshold of sin. 

Watch cirofully over your p ission ^ 

'Xtend to every one a kindly salutation. 

Yield not to discouragements. 

Zealously labor for the right. 

And success is certain. 



FOR LITTLE LEARNEKS. 



HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.— LESSON LXIX 



Q.—Whiit did .loseph Smith do on the 16th of June, 1844? 

A._He wrote a lettor to Mr. Ford, the governor of IllinoU. 

Q._ What messengers ilid he .send the letter bi'? 

A. — Etwarrl Hunter, Phillip B. Lewis and John Bills. 

Q. What did he ask of the governor in his letteri' 

A.. — To come to Nauvoo in person, and find out the csuse of 
all this trouble. 

Q. — What did Joseph hope to accomplish by the visit of the 
governor? 

A.— He thought it would bo the best way of restoring peace to 
the country. 

Q._What, was done on the ISth of June, to protect themselves 
against the violence of the mob? 

A. — Martial law was introduced. 

Q__'What do you mean by martial law? 

A.— No one was allowed to go in or out of the city without orders 
from the commander. 

Q— Did the governor come to Nauvoo, as Joseph wished him? 

A.— No; but on the 21st of .fiine he came to Carthage, where 
the mob had gathered. 

Q. — How far is Cartilage from Nauvoo? 

A, — About si.x miles. 

Q._\Vhat did the governor do when he arrived at Carthage? 

A.— He sent an express to the mayor and city council of Nauvoo. 

Q —"What did he ask them to do? 

A. To send one or more persons to Carthage to tell hii" all 

about the ditlicuUies. 

Q._Who were sent to him for that purpose? 

A.— Elders .John Taylor and John M. Bcrnhisol. 

Q._\Vhat did they take with them? 

A —Papers that contained an account of the wicked doings of 
the mob. 



n 



G^. 





j-u^EinsrirjE; iitsti?,tjotoi?/ 



oh:, SLO'W he LO'VE!©! 

Music Arranged by Miss Millie Foster. 







One there is a - bove all oth - ers, Oh, how He 

_ — .-^-^^^ a— I — ^ «> ^ ^—j — I*---" — «— 






I 

loves! 



His is love be 
_ ^ ^ 




1— aa 






yond a brother's, Oh, how He 



=^^^i=^=f^q^E^^=^qE?=ffr; 



:tz=t*=ii=-t=c:= 



loves! Earthly friends may fail or leave us, One day scathe, the 



=p: 



f 




J^g=rS=rir:d.-i=S=^=S»=:E--S=T-*-^«-Et 



-=n: 



this friend will 

'0 



de- 1 



Oh, how He 



loves ! 



-# ^ ^ — , — « ^ ^ ^ — I 



_,^_3_i 



-—ciz 



— » w- 

-(- — J,- 









'Tis eternal life to know Him — 

Oh, how He lovet! 
Think, O, think how much we owe Him — 
Oh, how He loves! 
With His precious blood He bought us. 
In the wilderness He sought us, 
To His fold He safely brought us — 
Oh, how He lovesl 



Through His name we are forgiven — 

Oh, how He loves! 
Backward shall our foe be driven — 
Oh, how He loves! 
Best of blessings H&ll provide us, 
None but good can e'er betide us, 
Safe to glory He will guide us — 
Oh, how He lovesl 






The following rules have been puhliilied on a card liy Bra. 
Jas. Dicyer for his Sunday school schol irs to learn. 

In silence I must take my seat, 
And give God thanks before I eat; 
Must for my food in patience wait. 
Till I am ask'd to hand my plate; 
I mus*. not scold, nor whine, nor pout. 
Nor move my chair nor plate about; 
"With knife, or fork, or anything 
I must noi play; nor must I sing: 
I must not speak a useless word. 
For children must be seen- not heard; 
I must not talk about my food. 
Nor fret if I don't think it good; 
• I must not say, "The bread is old;" 

"The meat is hot," "the milk is cold;" 
I must not cry for this or that, 
Nor murmur if my meat is fat; 
My mouth with food I must not crowd. 
Nor, while I'm eating, speak aloud; 
Must turn my head to cough or sneeze, 
And, when I ask, say "If you please;" 
The table-cloth I must not spoil. 
Nor with my food my fingers soil; 
Must keep my seat when I have done. 
Nor round the table sport or run; 
When told to rise, then I must ])ut 
My chair away with noiseless foot; 
And lift my heart to God above, 
In praise for all his wondrous love. 



eivtig-im:^. 



WILLIAM L. HANSON, JR. 



I AM compofed of eleven letier*: 
My 10, 9, 10, 1, 6, 7, is a near relation; 
My 10, 8, 4, 11, ], is a paint used for marking sheep; 
My 8, 2, 5, 6, 4, 7, 2, is the name of an island; 
My 3, 6, 7, 6, 10, is a kind of wine; 
My whole is a very necessary and useful artisan. 



^^^^~• 



*^ 



Music Cards, "Articles of Faith," Class Registers, and 
other publications suitable for Sunday schools for sale at this 
office. 

Bound Yolu.mes. — Back "\'o!umes of the Juvenile 
Instructor, in bound form, for sale at this Office. 



CrXJ'VElITILE I3SrSTI?yTJOTOK^ 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND mTTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



ESITOR. 



TEKMS IN ADVANCE. 
Single Copy^ per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^S-Office, South Temple Street, One Block West of Taber- 
nacle, Salt Lake'City. 



i:^- 



^li 



