TT 



EEHKH9H HHi B9BB 






NO. 10. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 15, 1866. 



VOL 1. 



3&Mtnj. 



THE BEGINNING OF EVIL 



[selected.] 

It was such a little thing — 
One slight twist of crimson string- 
But 'twas stealing all the same, 
And the child who took it knew 
That she told what was not true, 

Just to screen herself from blame; 
First a theft, and then a lie, 
Both recorded up on high. 

It was but a little sip, 
Just a taste upon the lip, 

But it left a longing there; 
Then the measure larger grew, 
And the habit strengthened too, 

Till it would no curbing bear. 
So the demon drink decoys — 
Soul and body both destroys. 

It was but one little word, 
Softly spoken, scarcely heard, 

Uttered by a single breath— 
But it dared to take in vain 
God's most high and holy name, 

So provoking wrath and death. 
Soon the lips, once fresh and fair, 
Opened but to curse and swear. 

Ah, it is the foxes small, 

Slyly climbing o'er the wall, 
That destroy the tender vines; 

And it is the spark of fire 

Brightening, growing, curling higher, 
That across the forest shines. 

Just so, step by step, does sin, *• 

If unchecked, a triumph win. 

WASPS. 



For the J uvenile "Instructor. 

BANYAN TREES AND FOREST. 



Natural philosophy is divided by philosophers in- 
to what are called three kimidoms, known as the 
animal, the vegetable and the mineral kingdoms. 
All kinds of animals, from man down to the small- 
est insect or living creature that moves, are com- 
prised in the animal kingdom. Every tree, herb, 
plant, bush, flower or anything that grows out of 
the earth is a part of the vegetable kingdom, un- 
less it may be a curious work of the Creator, called 
Zoophyte, that is part vegetable and part animal, of 
which we may tell our readers more again. Every 
mineral of every kind is included in the mineral 
kingdom. 

Among the many very curious, and, it might be 
said, wonderful things which are found in the veee- 
table, kingdom, the banyan, or banian, tree occupies 



a prominent place. This tree is a native of several 
parts of the East Indies, and its great peculiarity 
consists in the manner in which its branches grow. 
Every branch from- the main trunk throws out 
roots, which at first are small, tender fibres, several 
yards from the ground, but these continue to grow 
thicker until they reach the surface of the earth, 
when they strike into the ground and grow there. 
In this way each branch becomes in .time ft troe ; 
with roots of its oWu, from which other branches 
grow that throw out roots in the same way and 
eventually become trees also; all being connected at 
the tops, forming a deep shade of foliage so close 
that the rays of the strong tropical sun can scarcely 
pierce it, and all springing from one parent tree. 

Our illustration shows some of these trees, with 
a forest growing from them in the peculiar manner 
described. 



Did you ever see a wasp? "Guess I have and 

felt him too," says George Grayback, holding up 

his ringer, which was stung yesterday by a wasp 
that was crawling over the arm of his chair when 
he sat down. 

Well, wasps are mischievous creatures. They 
are a hungry set, and where they are numerous, they 
spoil more nice fruit than would supply the wants 
of an army of boys and girls. They are thievish, 
too, for they kill bees and then rob their hives. 
Wasps are very bad characters. I don't like them 
a bit. 

• "I wouldn't like to be a wasj), 5 ' whispers meek 
little Carrie. I believe her, sweet girl, because there 
is nothing waspish in her gentle nature. If George 
Grayback said the same thing, I should not believe 
him, for he is as near a wasp now as a boy can be. 
Isn't he always in mischief when he is not sleeping? 
Hasn't he broke more windows by throwing stones 
this summer than all the other boys of the neigh- 
borhood together? Isn't he dreaded by all the little 
boys in school? And isn't he a thief too? Don't 
he put his finger into his mother's milk-pans and 
skim off the cream every time he gets into the cellar? 
Don't he slyly open the preserve-pots and eat pre- 
serves until he is sick? Ah, George, George, 1 am 
afraid you are waspish, if you are not a wasp, for 
you have all the habits of that mischief-loving 
creature. 

Children should try to be like lambs, and sing- 
ing birds, and bees — harmless, gentle, cheerful, and 
busy — and not like greedy pigs, troublesome mos- 
quitoes, or thievish wasps. — [Selected. 




"What is whisky bringing.?''- asked a dealer in 
that article. 

"Bringing men to the gallows, and women and 
children to want,'' was the ansvyer. 



It can be seen in a moment that a banyan tree 
will tfhus grow to cover a great surface of ground. 
On the banks of the Nerbudda, a river in the East 
Indies, there is a celebrated tree of this k4nd, which 
covers an area so immense that it has been known, 
on the march of an army, to shelter 7,000 men un- 
der its shade. 

The Hindoos, or natives of Hindostan, in the| 
East Indies, have a great veneration for this tree. 
From the long time it lives and continues to grow, 
from its outstretching arms or branches, and its 
overshadowing beneficence, they look upon it as the 
emblem of Deity. Their most esteemed pagodas,! 
or temples in which idols are worshiped, are gener- 
ally built near these trees; and many Brahmins, or 
priests of their religion, spend their lives in solitude 
under the shade of the banyan tree; while natives 
of all classes are fond of recreating in the cool re- 
cesses, beautiful walks, and lovely vistas which it 
forms. 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

HONOR THY FATHER AND MOTHER. 



Now, my little children, you have played until 
you are nearly tired, come and have a talk with 
"Uncle George"' for a little while. 

I was looking over my old \V\hk-, that I read in 
so often, and I happened to see the same passage 



that I used to read when I was a boy; I will read 
it to you, if you will be still and quiet. 

"Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days 
may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God 
giveththee." I will read auother passage in ad- 
dition to this. "Thou shalt rise up before the 
hoary head, and honor the face of the old man, 
and fear thy God: lam the Lord." 

The great heavenly Father of all people has 
given this good advice to his children. He is sorrv 
when they sin against Him, for He wishes them to 
come to His presence, and live with Him in heaven. 

Your earthly father works for you, to get you 
shoes and frocks and aprons and coats and panta- 
loons; to get you bread and milk to eat, and all the 
good things which you enjoy. Your mother sits up at 
night to make and mend your clothing when you are 
asleep, and she comforts you when you are sick and 
in trouble. Roth your father and mother are very 
kind to you, and they feel so happy when you are 
good children. They take care of you when you 
cannot take care of yourselves; they get you a 
home to live in, and surround you with safety and 
blessings; and when you do not see them, or hear 
them, they pray unto God that you may grow to 
be good men and good women, and live to comfort 
them when they arc old and feeble. They send you 
to school that you may learn to read and write, and 
be better able to be useful when von become men 



as 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 



^-./J" 1 AAA-" 1 ^/*«A 



and women. Thus your parents toil and strive to 
make you good and great, that you may be an 
honor to thern and to yourselves. 

In a few years you will be grown to be young 
men and young women; and oh, what a comfort you 
will be to your parents if you are free from the 
vices which are often seen in grown young persons! 
If you will now obey your parents, and honor them 
by your submission to their will,4bat disposition will 
not leave you when you are grown and can labor 
for your own support; and instead of taking from 
your parents all you can, you will then be ready to 
help them and bless them. In this way you will 
honor them, and keep the commandment of the 
Lord which we have just read, and the blessing of 
long-life and prosperity in the land will to yours. 

When you become parents, if you have honored 
' ; tho face of the old man" his blessings will be upon 
you, and upou your children, and they will honor 
you. My little children keep this commandment of 
.the Lord, and thereby escape many sorrows which 
reckless and disobedient children are sure to meet 
with in this life, and secure for yourselves a place 
with your good parents in the kingdom of heaven. 

There, you have been very good, I will sot say 
any more to you now. 

Uncle G'eorcuo. 



kinds of Terriers, the English, or common Terrier, 
which is smooth, sleek and of rather slender form; 
and the Scotch Terrier, which has rough, harsh 
hair, short muzzle, stout and short limbs, and is a 
dirty- white color. . Our -illustration represents the 
Scotch Terrier. 



DOGS 




The Terrier gets its name from terra, , the Latiu 
word for earth, because it takes to the earth with 
such eagerness in following the little animals which 
it is so much employed in hunting. 

The Scotch Collie, or Shepherd's dog of Scotland, 
is remarkable for its sagacity, often manifesting a 
very high degree of intelligence. There arc many 
other kinds of dogs, some of whieh are raised and 
kept for their beauty of form, or, hair, or their di- 
minutive size. Rich ladies often keep little dogs as 
pets, which are called lap dogs. In northern 
countries a large and faithful kind' of dog is iised to 
haul sledges on the snow, and is much valued by the 
natives of the arctic regions, especially by the Es- 
quimaux. 

According to the Maliommedan and Hindoo re- 
ligions the dog is impure, and people who -believe 
those- religions will not own dogs,, nor will a 
Mahommedan touch one without washing. Con- 
sequently, dogs prowl about the cities, towns and 
villages in many parts of Asia, in great numbers, 
feeding on carrion or anything else they can get to 
eat, without having any masters. 

We will close this article with the following; ancc- 
dote, showing the sagacity *bf the dog: — 

"JSo dogs admitted, sir," said the porter t© a gay 
assemblage, as a young man and his dog appeared 
at the entrance; "vou must leave him behind, if 
y.ou go in." 

"Very well," said the yonug man: "stay a*bout 
here, Prince, until I come back;" and he joined the 
crowd within. By and by the' young man wished 
to refer to his watch, when behold, the chain had 
been nipped in two, and the valuable time-piece was 
gone. He considered the case a moment, and then 
a sudden thought flashed into his mind. So, step- 
ping out, he whispered the fact to the porter, and 
gained permission to take in his dog for a minute or 
two. 

"Look here, Prince/' said he, "my watch is 

stolen," and he showed him the empty pocket and 

the cut chain. "In there is the thief. You find it, 

my doggie. You understand, do you?" Prince 

ground, until the word is given to spring the game. | wagged his head and tail, and then the two went in 

again. Quietly this dumb detective glided around 
among the people, smelling at this one's coat and 
that one's chain, uutil at last he set his teeth firmly 
into the coat-skirt of a genteel-looking man, and 
could not be shaken off. The young man quickly 
made known the case to the bystanders who gather- 
ed around him. and he had the thief's pockets duly 
searched. Six other watches were found about 
him, whieh he had gathered np in the course of the 
morning, and which their right, owners were very 
glad to get their hands on again. Prince selected 
out his master's property in a twinkling, as that 
was all he cared for, and gave it to him joyfully. It 
would have taken a very keen policeman to do the 
work so neatly and quickly, and all agreed that he 
merited as tine a dinuer as a dog could have. 



* No animal of the brute creation has become so 
much the companion of man, or so closely associated 
with him, asithe dog. There are many varieties' of 
dogs, each variety being known by certain peculiar- 
ities of form, size, shape and habits. In its wild or 
savage state it is a fierce and formidable enemy to 
all other animals; but, as a domestic. animal it is 
truly obedient, fond of its master, watchful of his 
properly, and -hows the possession of much intel- 
ligence. 

Some kinds of dogs are trained by sportsmen 
and hunters to assist them in pursuing game, for 
which they seem to have great natural powers. Of 
these the Pointer and Setter are, perhaps, the most, 
used for this purpose. When the pointer scents 
game, it suddenly stops and remains motionless till 
the sportsman' comes near enough to shoot; and 
when he gives the word the dog dashes forward 
and rises, or as it is called, springs, the game. 
When a bird is shot by the sportsman the dog will 
fetch it to him in its mouth, as you see in the ac- 
companying illustration. 

The setter when 
& it scents game, in- 
stead of standing 
erect like a point- 



J^(»||jer, will either sit 
^^M^WMmW-^on its haunches or 




fc.vn^' 



r j 9S@' 



— y»-» 



^^ be closo to the 



The Newfoundland dog is distinguished for it3 
great strength, sagacity, perseverance, patience, 
good temper and faithful attachment to its master, 
lu its native country it is used to haul light loads of 
provisions or wood, on sledges. The Mastiff is a 
powerful animal, very vigilant over anything com- 
mitted to its care, aud is much used as a watch dog, 
especially in Britain, which was one time so famous 
for its Mastiffs, that ths Roman emperors, when 
Britain was subject to Pvomc, appointed a resident 
officer for the purpose of breeding them and sending 
them to Rome to take part in the combats of ani- 
mals which the Romans used to delight in seeing. 

The Bull dog is savage and ferocious, and very 

„,—-.. , • P , i The dove was the first newspaper carrier, when 

j.owerful. The Terrier is used in fox huutmg and * bM moi . Ding it went and fc tc hed Vferi/ for Noah, 

hunting badgers, polecats, rats and other like little jit contained a paragraph on the weather, notifying 

animals' it is a variety well known. There are'two ' him that the heavy rain storm was at an end. 



^/^r- s^/^-^ss 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

SKETCHES FROM THE BOOK OP 
MORMON. 



HISTORY OF THE SEMITES, 



.After Nephi and his people had become settled 
in their new heme, they commenced to build a tem- 
ple to the Lord, of the same style and pattern as 
the one built by Solomon at Jerusalem, only it was 
not so large nor aderned with so many precious 
stones and metals. Tins' temple was completed 
somewhere about thirty years after they had left 
Jerusalem. As one very streng evidence of the truth 
of the book of Mormon, and particularly of this por- 
tion of it relating to the building of the temple, we 
will mention that Messrs. Stephens and Catkerwood, 
two gentlemen who traveled through Central Ameri- 
ca for the purpose of exploring the ancient ruins to 
be found in that country, testify that they found 
the ruins of a large building constructed after the 
manner of Solomon's temple at Jerusalem. 

About fifty-five years after leaving Jerusalem 
Nephi died. His had been a very eventful and 
stormy, but useful and happy life. He enjoyecT 
many very important and glorious revelations from 
-the Lord, some of which are recorded in the Book 
of Mormon. ' He had been the principal instrument, 
in the hands of the Lord, in delivering his father's 
family from Jerusalem and conducting thera safely 
to the shores of America. He laid the foundation 
of one of the most powerful, intelligent and civiliz- 
ed nations that ever dwelt upon this or any other 
continent; built a temple for the worship of God, — 
and, altogether, was. one of the most extraordinary, 
noble and virtuous men that ever lived. His brother 
Jacob succeeded him as the Chief, or ruler, of the 
Nephites. He was also a good man, who enjoyed 
the blessing of revelation from the Lord, and. who 
strove to teach and persuade his people to do right 
and serve the Lord.\ 

Before Jacob*s death he committed the plates in- 
to "the care of his son Enos, who also succeeded his 
father in the Priesthood and as the leader of the 
Nephites. Enos, also, was a good man, and, . when 
quite young, sought earnestly to become acquaint- 
ed with the Lord, and received revelations from 
Him. After his father's death, he went into the 
forest one day to hunt, but the words which his 
father Jacob had often spoken to him about Jesus 
Christ and eternal life so filled his mind that he 
conld think of nothing else. So he kueeled down 
in the midst of the forest, all alone, and prayed 
mightily to God all day, and when the shades of 
night began to gather around and the stars were 
shining above him, he still poured out his soul unto 
God, earnestly desiring to have the assurance that 
he should enjoy the blessing of eternal life. And 
the voice of the Loid spoke to him, saying Enos, 
thy sins arc forgiven thee, aud thou shalt be bless- 
ed. This made Ends feel very happy and filled his 
heart with love to the Lord, and with love to all 
his fellow creatures, even to the wicked Lamanites 
who were trying to kiil him and all the Nephites. 
He fe'lt anxious that everybody, if it were possible, 

should share in the delicious peace and happiness 
which he enjoyed. 

Do any of our little readers feel that they would 
like to become acquainted with the Lord for them- 
selves, to know that He is their father and their 
friend, to have the assurance that He is pleased 
with them, and to enjoy His Spirit in their hearts, 
so that they may be made as happy and good as 
Enos was? If so, they can easily enjoy these great 
blessings. The Lord loves little children, and is just 
as pleased to have them talk to him as their earthly 
parents are; and He has promised to hear and an- 
swer them, and to give them His Holy Spirit, as 
well as any other blessing that may be good for 
them, if they ask for it in the name of His Son 
Jesus Christ. Who, then, will be content to live 
without such glorious blessings, when all tbey have 
to do is to v ask and receive? 



I" 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 



39 



$jtt Sttnetnle .Snatruttar. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON; EDITOR, 



MAY 15, 1866. 



A FEW WORDS TO THE JUVENILES. 




^*233^fMf HERE are some children who 
■ never appear to be' satisfied un- 
less they have the best of every, 
i thing they desire, in preference 
to any of their companions, They 
must have the best piece of cake, 
the largest, piece of pie, and the 
best seat at the- table; and if 
is any company at their parents' 



houses, no matter who has to wait, 
they will not. If their mothers insist 
upon. their waiting and eating after- 
wards, their outcries and cross and dissatis- 
^.ficd looks annoy them and make them 
J^fN^shamed. If any articles of clothing are 
"7 ) purchased for themselves and their brothers 
and sisters, they must have the first choice, or the 
article that suits them, or they feel unpleasant. 
They act as though they thought it was every- 
body's duty to humor and gratify them. 

There is another class of children who take an entire- 
ly different course to the above. Instead of taking 
the largest and best of everything that may be offered 
to them, they take great pleasure in leaving that for 
somebody else. It is happiness to them to gratify 
others and to see them enjoy themselves. If they 
receive a present, in dividing it with their brothers 
and sisters they are not greedy, but are fully con- 
tent to share equally with the rest; and if there 
should be any difference in. the size or the quality, 
they would prefer that somebody else should have 
the best rather than themslves. 

We saw two boys, one day, who appeared to be 
brothers, talking very earnestly together. Some 
person had given one of them two apples, one of 
which .was larger than the other. What do you 
think was the subject of their earnest talk? Many 
of you would guess, perhaps, that each one was 
wanting the large apple. That would be the feeling 
of many boys. But the little boy to whom the ap- 
ples were given was trying to force his brother to 
take the larger and finer apple, and his brother was 
trying to persuade him to keep it and to let him 
have the small one. We were much gratified at 
seeing such a kind and brotherly feeling bet Veen 
^liese two boys. 

Children, how is it with you? Are you selfish 
and greedy, always wanting the best share for your- 
selves and thinking more of benefiting yourselves 
than anybody else? If this be your character, you 
will not have many friends t or be much laved by 
your companions, and you will grow up to be un- 
happy men and women. Are you kind and gener- 
ous, seeking the interest of others the same as you 
do your own? If you are, all who know you will 
love you, you will always have friends, and you 
will be a blessing to your generation. 



- .-v-'w-v AWWVV\A>V\ 



with countless forms of life both in the animal and 
vegetable creation; 'but your astonishment will in- 
crease when I tell you that nothing can be found, 
which does not contain water in a large proportion- 
All plants are composed of more than one-third of 
that element; the bodies of animals and of men are 
formed of more than oue-half of pure water, and 
even the air we breathe is almost nothing but water 
in a dissolved state. But here I must stop lectur- 
ing so scientifically, or my young friends might 
shake their heads dubiously, if I should continue in 
this strain, telling them, perhaps, that even a caudle 
could not burn if there, was , no water in it, or that 
men have commenced to make the water burn, 
light streets and houses with it, er explode it like 
powder. 

But what are all the inventions of man by which 
he .has snatched up, as it were, here a little and 
there a little of the manifold properties of. water, in 
comparison to the life-sustaining mission the Crea- 
tor has assigned to this element. Man may force 
it to drive his mills and engines, but God sends his 
rain into the ground, and his gentle dew upon the 
leaves, and whole continents are clothed with 



with high buildings, and paved all over with 
smooth stones. There was an opening leading from 
this yard to another very large yard, where there 
was a chapel in which the people of the poor-house 
met to hear preaching and to pray. It was through 
this opening that little George ran when he tried 
to run away. 

On the same side of the yard and joining the 
building which contained the dining room, was 
another large building with deep dark cellars un- 
derneath. This was the mad-house, where they 
confined people who had lost their senses. Those 
who were very mad were kept in the cellars, and 
those who were not so dangerously mad as to hurt 
anybody, were kept in the upper stories of the 
building. Ou the opposite side of the mad-house 
buildings was situated the cooking room or kitchen, 
and next .to that the governor's office. There were 
more yards on the back of these buildings, some of 
them surrounded with high buildings, and some 
with high brick walls. In these other yards they 
allowed the crazy people to sit and walk and. take 
exercise and the fresh ajr. 

Little George did not want to play with the boys, 



verdant green; man may cause it to rise in beauti- and stood quietly against the iron railings beside 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 

'Mm from Mature. 

WATER. 



ful fountains, hundreds of feet into the air, but 
God's sun draws it up into the clouds; man may 
send his ships on its waves, but God has planted iu 
it the islands of the sea, and the monsters of the 
deep; man may lead it down from artificial moun- 
tains in murmuring cascades, but God created the 
Niagara Falls, that are in the language of the poet 

"A sound that since the world begau 
Was never for a moment broken; 
A word that since the birth of man 
Of the Eternal God has spoken." 

Man , finally, may wash and bathe in it to keep 
his body clean, but God has appointed the wateis 
of baptism for the remission of sins. 

• When first I saw the mighty ocean spread before 
me, I felt almost overpowered by its endlessness; 
and when I look upon the fleeting waters of a river, 
watching Its ripples as they swiftly glide by, they 
seem to tell me that my life is also hurrying irresist- 
ibly on until we both reach the place we came 
from,— it Jhe ocean, and I the great unknown world 
behind the .vail. 

A summer evening on the ocean is uusurpassed 
by its sweetness, calmness and grandeur, and noth- 
ing indicates the terrible fury with which the same 
water towers up mountain -high, when aroused by 
the hurricane. Who can measure its deep and dis- 
cover the secret elements of His power hidden in 
its bosom? But the ocean tells us that we carry 
within us something snrpassing all this — our own 
heart; that heart, that to-day is filled with peace 
and contentment, and to-morrow, perhaps, is con- 
vulsed by the devastating storms of passion, if the 
heavenly light of the Spirit of God has not brought 
it under its influence. . Who, feut God, can fathom 
the secret thoughts of the heart of man? 

The ocean's deep no sounding may impart; 
Of greater depth, though, is the human heart. 

K. G. M. 

: ■— ( 00, < » 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

LITTLE GEORGE AT SCHOOL. 



A TRUE STORY. 



in 



You will have learned, my young readers 
your Geography lessons, that nearly three-fourths 
of the earth's surface are composed of water, which, 
in the shape of oceans, seas, gulfs, bays, channels, 
iakes, rivers and brooks, not only contributes large- 
ly to variety of scenery, but also forms a powerful 
agent in making our planet habitable and teeming 



When the boys had finished, their breakfast it 
was about half past eight o'clock. 

They were now permitted to play in the big yard 
in front of the building, where they had been eat- 
ing. One of the biggest boys had the eare of the 
rest, to gee that none of them ran away to hide 
themselves among the buildings, or in the gardens. 

This yard was nearly as large as one of the City 
lots in great Salt Lake City, and it was surrounded 



the mad-house wondering what they would do with 
him next. The little, sickly, cripple boy did not 
want to play cither, but he sat upon the cold stone 
steps leading to the dining room, coughing, and feel- 
ing very sick. 

The boys had played about half an hour when a 
bell rang on the other side of the yard opposite to 
the dining-room buildings. The big boy that had 
the care of the rest of the boys to see that none of 
them ran away, gathered them all together, and 
marched them two and two to the other side of the 
yard, and down some steps into a big room under- 
neath a large building. Little George began to 
look for big tubs and cold water, and water-buckets, 
but instead of seeing these, ho saw long benches 
and desks, and books, and. inkstands and pens, 
and slates, for he was in tho poor-house school room. 
The boys all went to their seats, for they knew 
where to go, but littSfe"Georgo did not know where 
to go, and was left standing in the middle of the 
school room. Not far from where he was standing 
his eyes fell upon a little, good-natured lookiug 
old man, sitting upon a chair by the side of a little 
desk. He had no hair on the top of his head, and 
what hair he had all around the sides of his head, 
was almost as white as snow, and his heavy, gray 
eye brows fringed -the large glass eyes of an old- 
fashioned pair of spectacles; he was less iu height 
than the biggest of tha boys in the school, but was 
lusty and fresh-looking in the face and wore poor- 
house clothing. This was the poor-house school 
teacher. While little George stood there, feeling 
a stranger and friendless, the school teacher noticed 
him. Now, little George had a bold, generous, 
open, honest and innocent face, that was interesting 
to people who can look through the human face to 
the soul. The old school teacher was one of that 
class of persons. He held out his hand to the lone- 
ly boy, and said, "my poor little stranger, come 
nearer to me that I may speak to you.'' The 
tenderness that was in the tones of the old gentle- 
man's voice, as he spoke these words, were like a 
great blessing from heaven to the heart of the poor 
boy. When they were tying him in a large tub, 
and throwing water upon him for running away, he 
was determined to run away again, it made his 
heart hard; but when the old man spoke to him iu 
that way, his heart melted, and he rushed into the 
old man's arms and burst into tears on his bosom. 
When little George had overcome this burst of 
grateful tears the old mau said to him : 

"My poor little wanderer, tell me your name." 
Little George toyed with one of the buttons of 



40 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 



.-."^V <."-."-'■« -' 



/V\/VW -------. 



^V^N/WVS*A/\/ . 



, -j ~ J -" _".'N/ > — •N.'S/**^-^' 



the old man's vest, and in the midst of crying sobs, 

answered: 

"My name is Little George." 

"A very pretty name indeed; would you like me 
to teach you to read and write, little George?" 

He was willing to do anything that this kind 
hearted old gentleman told him to do; and in token 
of his.gratitude he put his hand in his pocket, and 
took out his half-penny that the kind lady had 
giwm him, and his three marbles and offered them 
all to the good, little old man. Kindness was worth 
more to little George at that time than all his 
* earthly possessions. The old gentleman received 
the intended presents, and said he would keep them 
for him, and when he wanted them he could have 
them. 

So little George was placed at a desk near the 
poor-house school teacher, and commenced to learn 
the meaning and use of the letters of the' English 
alphabet. 



Uncle George. 



«*■«< 



►!>*■ 



a&iograpjnj. 




JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. 
(continued.) 

OSEPH occupied, in the days 
of which we write, all his time 
'in translating the Bible, receiv- 
ig revelations, teaching the 
Saints, and traveling and preach- 
ing. He still lived at Hiram. 
'One night in March, 1832, ajnob 
burst into his house. He had 
""been watching over a sick child and 
vwas asleep at the time. When he 
awoke they were earrying him out of 
the house. These mobbers carried 
him to a meadow close by. They tore all 

his I'lnthP.s off^jinrl sp.rat.f.lied nnrl p/-mn<3e/l 

him severely. They covered his body with 
>tar, and the feathers which they shook on 
the tar they had stolen out of Sidney Rigdon's 
house. Sidney had been carried out of his house 
at the same time, and "the mob had nearly killed 
him also. 

Every time Joseph attempted to stir they threat- 
ened to kill him. They tried to force a tar paddle 
into his mouth; and they also broke a small bottle 
in his teeth in trying to pour some thing down his 
throat. In trying to pour this stuff into his mouth 
they must have thought to kill him. This stuff was 
supposed to be aqua fortis or as it is sometimes 
called nitric acid, as where it was spilled on the 
ground it burned the grass. This is a very power- 
ful and destructive acid. They also tried to choke 
him. Had not the Lord prevented them, they 
would, without, doubt, have killed him. 

Joseph had not done these men harm. His only 
cause of offence was preaching the truth, and for 
this the wieked were ready to murder him. The 
chief leaders of this mob were apostates — men 
who had been baptized into the church, and who by 
committing sin afterwards, had lost the Spirit of 
the Lord, and denied the truth and been cut off 
from the church. Instead of the love they ©nee 
had towards the work of God and His servants, 
they had hatred. The most bitter enemies Joseph 
had during his life-time were apostates. It has 
always been so with the servants of God. It was 
an apostate who betrayed Jesus to his enemies. 
His name was Judas Iscariot. And it has been 
through apostates that the most of the servants of 
God have been killed. 

Besides apostates there were, as usual, a good 



-Mobbing and abuse did not, however, prevent 
Joseph from declaring the truth. The next mprn- 
ing after the mobbing, being Sunday, he preached 
to the .people. Among his congregation were 
several of the mob who had so cruelly abused him 
the night previous. lie baptized three persons 
that clay. 

On the 2nd of April, 1832, Joseph, accompanied 
by four brethren, started on his journey to Missouri, 
to visit for the second time, the place which the 
Lord had said should be the center stake of Zion. 
While there Joseph held a conference of the Elders 
and Saints, and received several important revela- 
tions, and made arrangements for the publication of 
the Book of Commandments and also the Hymn 
Book, and attended to other business. 

In returning from Missouri to Kirtland, Joseph 
had Bro. 1J. K. Whitney for one of his companions. 
In those days there were no railroads in the country 
in which they were traveling. They traveled by 
stage, and one day the horses got frightened and 
ran away at full speed. Bro. Whitney attempted 
to jump out of the coach*, and, his coat being fast, 
his foot caught in the wheel. His leg and foot were 
broken in several places. r They stopped at a tavern 
in Indiana. While here poison was administered to 
Joseph in his food.. He vomited profusely and 
brought up large quantities of poisonous matter 
and blood. So great was the effect upon his sys- 
tem that his jaw came out of its place. This he 
put back himself, and then went to Brother Whit- 
ney who administered to him in the ,name of the 
Lord. Joseph was instantly healed, though the 
effect of the poison upon his body was so powerful 
that much of his hair was loosened from his head. 

Children, if you will turn to the 16th chapter of 
Mark, you will find, that Jesus, after his resurrection, 
appeared to his discipjes. He told them that cer- 
tain signs should follow those who should believe. 
Among the rest, he said, that "if they drink any 
•tleudly thing, it shall nut hurt, them.'-" Joseph had 
proved this promise to be true. He had taken 
deadly poison; but, through the power of God, it 
had not killed him, and by having, hands laid upon 
him, he had been healed. 

'Every one of you, little readers, can have the 
same blessings, if you will only exercise faith; for 
the Lord has promised them unto you as much as 
to any people who ever lived. 

You may be sure that Joseph "would not want to 
stop at that place any longer after receiving such 
treatment. He told Brother Whitney, that if he 
would agree to start for home in the morning, they 
should have a prosperous journey. He described 
to him the various conveyances by which they 
would travel, and where they would find them, with 
as much minuteness as if he himself had arranged 
every thing beforehand. This he did through the 
spirit of prophecy. Joseph had administered to 
Brother Whitney, and though he was severely injur- 
ed, he did not fail to eat his food regularly and to 
have good sleep. He took courage at what Joseph 
said, and they started. They found everything as 
he had described, and had a quick passage home. 
-" » < ^&i 0m 

A JUST REBUKE. 



'$Tt#$ftyt$$M$&, 



Ajupine City, Utah Co. 
Editor Juvenile Tnttructorr 

Dear Brother:— When the prospectus for" the "iNSTRTfc- 
tor' ( was published, I explained it to my little sons, (one 
ten, the other eight years old) and told them they could 
subscribe for, and call the paper their own, I would pay for 
it, and with pleasure I see its good effe cts. 

When the mail comes they inquire for their paper; and 
when received, read it many times. 

They [will read to me, and I explain the meaning of the 
hard words, and what they do not fairly comprehend. 
Knowing that it is directed to them, it begets a desire to 
read, which not only improves their reading, but enlight- 
ens the mind, and informs the understanding. 

I presume there are many little boys and girls in these 
valleys who take interest in, and are much benefited by 
the "Instructor." 

I do hearitly wish it God speed, and pray for blessings up- 
on its Editor and Contributors. 

Respectfully, your brother in the Gospel, 

John W. Vance. 



LITTLE THINGS; OR PUTTING OFF. 

"It surely cannot matter much; 

I'll leave it yet a day, • 

It's such a very litle thing,'* 

How often do you say! 

A little duty still deferred 
Will end in "never done;" 

And "byjind by is time enough," 
Has ruined many a one. 



Chinese Proverbs on Contentment. — The ripest 
fruit grows on the roughest wall. 

It is the small wheels of the carriage that come 
in first. 

True merit, like the pearl inside an oyster, is 
content to remain epiiet until it fiuds an opening. 

The top strawberries are eaten first. 



r3SL-<_sE-:Bt aarc: 



jTKES «, 



The following have correctly answered the 
Charade in No. 8: the answer is Brigham 
Yotjng:— -E. H. Pane; Win. Grimsdell; Willard 
Maughan; Wm. Foulger; Nancy A. Peterson; 
Hester Sims; Mary A. Fitzgerald; Julia A. Fitz- 
gerald; Elizabeth Richards; Delilah A. Allen; 
Mary E. Shipley; John G. Sharp; Rhoda Slade; 
Mary Ann Smith. 

a i»>» 



CHARADE. 



BY r 4 . B. 



many men who /professed to 
love God in the mob. 



be 



religious 



and to 



."It was my custom in my youth," says a cele- 
brated Persian writer, "to rise from my sleep to 
watch, pray, and read the Koran. One night as I 

was thus engaged, my 'father, a man ©f practiced 

virtue, awoke. 

• .' 

" 'Behold,' said I to him, 'thy other children are 
lost in irreligious slumbers, while I alone am awake 
to praise God.' 

" 'San of my soul', said he, 'it is better to sleep 
than to wake to remark the faults of thy brethren.' " 



I am composed of 18 letters. 

My 11. 2. 9. 4. 18. is what we should ail do. 

My 10. 6. 9. 4. is a period of time. 

My 18. 8. 15. is a religious woman. ■ 

My 9. 7. 8. 14. 4. 4. 2. 11. is what all persons 
should avoid. 

My 1. 4. 2. 12. 18. is a color. 

My 6. 4. 4. 3. 4. is what the world is full of. 

My 5. 14. 10. is what most young people are. 

My 10. 9. 4. 15. is an article thatall young ladies 
should learn to make. 

My 2. 9. 5. 11. 6. is a bird of prey. ■■*• 

My 10. 17. 8. 15. 5. is what all children are. 

My 12. 14. 4. 16. is what we can all do if we 
choose. 

My whole is the name of a person well known 
to the readers of the Juvenile Instructor. 




^wi.^./^^.ji- 



He who swims in sin will sink in sorrow. 



Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. 
On the First and Fifteenth of every Month. 

:o: 

GEOKGE Q. CANNON, Editor, 
:o: 

TERW1S-ALWAYS IN ADVANCE, 

Single Copy, for Six Months $1 50 

Single Copy, per Annum. 3 00 

Ten Copies, per Annum, furnished to Clubs 

and Agents -27 00 

Where grain and other articles are paid on subscriptions, 
they will he rceived at cash market rates where they are 
paid in. It is expected where Agents forward names they 
will be responsible for the papers thus ordered; and when 
cash payments are made they will please forward them 
with the letter containing the names of the subscribers. 

Elder Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General 
Agent for Cache Valley. 

Grain brought to this city for the Juvenile Instructor 
will be received, for the present, at the General Tithing 
Office; care should be taken to state on what account it is 
paid in. 

Bishops and other influential men will oblige by aiding 
in increasing the subscription of the Juvenile Instructor. 

No pains will be spared to make this paper, both In 
matter and appearance, worthy of the patronage of every 
parent in the Territory, 



