
Holiness tfl tjie f^rD! 

>^^yyy yyy^y^/ x y ^/ 




f- tm^t 













Til' 7 



VOL. S. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1873. 



NO. 22. 



.A. OOUJTTRY SCENE I3ST TAlPAItT. 



THE first glance at the engraving we here pr sent will con- 
vince our readers that the scene is not an American one, 
nor, in fact, one of any of the nations of Europe. The thatched 
houses, the loaded horses and the appearance and dress of sev- 
eral uf the persons in the engraving indicate that the artist has 
intended to represent an eastern scene. In the country districts 
of Japan, and also in the poorer parts of the large towns of that 
country, such scenes as this can be found, with the exception, 
perhaps, of a slight difference in the dress of several of the 
persons. There is not that variety of style in the dress of the 



and roomy, while others wear them so tight in the legs that they 
fit like a kid glove. Now this latter extreme in dress is never 
reached by the Japanese, for as a people they wear loosely fitting 
garments, generally of silk or cotton. Two of the men in the 
engraving are dressed like gymnasts or acrobats, a style 
unknown in Japan. Japan is comparatively unkuowu as yet 
to the people of other countries, for the Japanese have chosen 
to be so exclusive that until quite recently there has been very 
little commerce between them and other nations. It is mainly 
owing to the ignorance in regard to the Japanese, that they 





Japanese that 
Persons there 
invariably in 
things, the cu; 
country a pcrsi 
his fancy may 
him to; hence 
peacock, whil 
quite plainly 



is to be seen in this and many other countries. 
of a certain grade or class or caste dress almost 
the same maimer. In this, as in many other 
toms of the Japanese are very rigid. In this 
on in any circumstances may dress in any style 
happen to suggest, if his means will only allow 
wo see some women here dressed as gayly as a 
e others, though squally able to afford it, dress 

We see some men with pantaloons quite loose 



have been so generally regarded by Christian nations as among 
the lowest of barbarians. Though in many respects they dif- 
fer so widely from civilized nations in their appear- 
ance, habits and customs, there is really much to admire about 
their self-sustaining qualities, their skill, ingenuity, persever- 
ance, contentment and peaceful dispositions. Many of our 
readers will doubtless remember the visit of the Japanese em- 
bassy to Salt Lake City, a year ago last winter. The embassy 
niiicV-tiMl of some "I the most influential men of Japan, an,; 





I 



170 



JUYENILE HTSTBTJCTOR. 




their visit to the United States and Europe was for the purpose 
of learning the customs and seeing the improvements and 
advantages possessed by the people of other couutries that they 
might be able to introduce the same at home. 

Quite a change has taken place in that rigidly secluded 
empire in the last few years. European influence is having its 
weight there. The labor saving system of doing work in 
America is gradually taking the place of their old-fashioned, 
main-strength style. For instance: until within a few years 
there were no wheeled vehicles in Japan. To convey loads 
fuch as we use wagons and carriages for, they used horses as 
pack animals, or carried them on bamboo canes suspended from 
the shoulders of two stalwart "Japs." Now, however, they 
have wagons in that country and even railroads. 

It is probable that the next few years will effect a still greater 
improvement in that country, as quite a number of young men 
from Japan are being educated in the United States, who, of 
course, will carry home with them American ideas of living. A 
movement is on foot also to build other railroads in that country 
under the direction of English mechanics, and, as they become 
better acquainted with other nations, it is possible they will 
modify their laws so as to admit of the gospel being preached 
there, as it will certainly be at some future time. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



Stills $unm in fhroisluir* 



is 









iTOnsr-Is^EET^L elemeitt; 
IETO. 2. 



\\7E will now take the table of equivalents and arrange the 
\ I different metals in groups according to their qualities, so 
fa r as chemists have classified them. There are some metals 
that have great affinity for 0, (oxygen) and, when combined 
with that element, they are powerfully alkaline, a property 
which will be explained in the proper lesson. There are six of 
them, known as the 

METALS OF THE ALKALIES. 

Potassium, Natrium Lithium, Caesium, Rubidium, Thal- 
lium. 

There are four metals that have alkaline qualities in part and 
also earthy properties. These are called 

METALS OF THE ALKALINE EARTHS, 

Barium, Strontium, Calidum, Magnesium. 

Ten other metals form earthy bodies, and enter into the com- 
position of gems and minerals. The only one of importance 
in our lessons will be the clay forming metal, aluminum, which 
is very abundant. This group is the 

METALS OF THE EARTHS. 
Aluminum, Glucinium, Zirconium, Thorium, Yttrium, Er- 
bium, Terbium, Cerium, Lanthanum, Didyuiium. 
The proper common metals, eight in number, are the 

HEAVY METALS. 

Iron, Zinc, Copper Tin, Lead, Mcnury, Bismuth, Nickel. 
The proper metals that are not s i common are eight in number. 
Tuey are frequently called ''noble," probably because they do 
not readily corrode or oxydize. 

THE NOBLE METALS. 

Gold, Silver, Platinum, Palladium, Ruthenium, Rhodiutm 
Osmium, Iridium. 



,~P 



There are six metals seldom used in the form of proper 
metals. They form compounds useful in the arts and manufac- 
tures. As they are used for chemical purposes we will call 
them, although nearly all metals can be used by the chemist as 
well as the metallurgist, 

CHEMICAL METALS. 

Cobalt, Chromium, Manganese, Cadmium, Antimony, Ar- 
senic. 

Then there are ten metals that are very uncommon. These 
may be classed as 

RARE METALS. 

Vanadium, Tungsten, Tantalum, Molybdenum, Uranium, 
Tellurium, Titanium, Indium, Norium, Niobium. 

Very little effort will be required to commit to memory those 
elemeuts that are printed in italics. If we take Lithium, So- 
dium and Potassium there will be a difference of 10 in the 
combining numbers; Li 7 plus 16 equals Na 23, which, plus 10 
is K 39. The other equivalents of the group need not be 
learned. 

Of the alkaline earths, calcium and magnesium have a differ- 
ence of 8. Mg 12, Ca 20. These only need be remembered. 
Of the earth metals, aluminum has the same equivalent as nitro- 
gen, Al 17. All the proper metals require notice on account of 
their importance, and it will aid the student in readiug about 
them to remember their combining numbers. 

Now all bodies, children, are composed of one or more of 
these simple elements. When two unite together they form a 
BINARY COMPOUND. 

Ex.— K (potassa) Na 0, (soda) Ca 0, (quicklime) Mg 0, 
(magnesia) are binary compounds; i.e., formed of two elements 
or radicals, from hi, which means two. H 0, water; C 0, car- 
bonic oxide; Na CI, (common table salt) chloride of sodium; 
Fe S, sulphide of iron, are all binary, or two element com- 
pounds, which are generally known by the termination ide, as 
oxide, chloride, sulphide, carbide, meaning respectively, com- 
pounds of the elements oxygen, chlorine, sulphur or carbon 
with other elements. 



A. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

BOY'S "VOY-A-Q-IE IR/DTJUSTID 
TELE WOI^LID. 

(Continued.) 



w 



7 HEN examining the external form of the sperm whale, 



some of the organs will appear disproportionate and bulky, 
especially the head; but this is, on the contrary, very conducive 
to agility and lightness. The greater part of the head is com- 
posed of a thin, membraneous set of cells, filled duviug life 
with a thiu oil of a much less specific gravity than water. Be- 
low this again, the junk, though heavier than the case, is still 
lighter than the element in which he moves. The head, conse- 
quently, being so much lighter than the body, always has a ten- 
dency to rise sufficiently above the water to clear the nostril, or 
''spout hole," for all purposes of respiration. The skin of the 
sperm whale is smooth, sometimes in old whales, wrinkled, and 
of a dark brown color. In some cases, they are spotted, or 
piebald. ''Old bulis," as the full grown males are called by 
whalemen, have generally a portion of the head and back of a 
grey color, and are called ''old grey backs." This black or grey 
skin is about three-eighths of an inch thick in young whales, 
but much thinner in old ones. Beneath the skin is the "blub- 
ber," or fat, contained in numerous cells and tubular mem- 
branes, supported with muscles and fibres. The average 
thickness of the fat is about twenty inches; on the hump, 
twenty-five inches. This covering of fat is of a yellowish white 
color, and not only contributes to buoyancy, but assists as a pro- 
tection from the coldness of the water. Although enormous in 





J TJ -V HI 2ST I L E IITSTRTJCTOB. 



171 





size, the whale has the power of moving through the water 
with the greatest ease and considerable speed. Generally he 
passes along just below the surface at a rate of two to three 
miles per hour. This is done by a gentle oblique motion from 
side to side of the flukes. His hump projecting above the 
water makes more or less rippling; this is called by whalemen 
"white water," and from its appearance, old experienced hands 
judge very correctly the rate at which the fish is going. When 
alarmed, or desirous of proceeding at a more rapid rate, the 
flukes strike the water in a direct manner, upward and down- 
ward, the head sinking eight or ten feet at the downward stroke 
and rising again above the surface when the blow is reversed. 
This mode of swimming, with the head alternately in and out 
of the water, is called ''going head out." The whale will 
obtaiu in this manner a speed of twelve and fifteen miles. At 
times, when lying at the surface, the whale amuses itself by 
beating the water wiih its tail; this act is called "lop-tailing." 
Again, at times, he descends to a certain depth, and then, 
making some powerful strokes with his flukes, he darts com- 
pletely out of the water, and when clear of the surface, he rolls 
his body slightly so as to fall on his side, which, of course, 
makes a great splash when he strikes the water. This is called 
''breaehiug," and in clear weather is seen from the masthead a 
distance of ten to sixteen miles. It is supposed he resorts to 
this action to rid his skin of "sucking fish" and various animals 
resembling crabs. There is also an animal called the "killer." 
as well as the swordfish that often attacks the whale. When 
seriously frightened their actions are many and different ; one 
of them, called "sweeping," consists in moving the tail from 
side to side, as if feeling for a boat or the cause of alarm. At 
times they place themselves in a perpendicular posture, with 
the head only above the water. They also have a singular man- 
ner, generally when harpioued, of rolling over aid over on the 
surface. Notwithstanding the immense power of the whale, he 
is remarkably timid, aud easily alarmed at the apprrach of a 
boat. The eyes, beiug placed in the widest part of the head, 
afford the animal an extensive field of vision. The usual man- 
ner of lookiug at a ship or boat is to turn over on his side, so as 
to cause the rays from the object to strike directly upon the ret- 
ina. All the tx/acea — animals of the whale kind — are warm 
blooded, as is well known; possessing lungs, they require a fre- 
quent intercourse with atmospheric air, consequently it is neces- 
sary that they rise at certain intervals to the surface of the 
water. The majority of these animals do not appear to perform 
this requirement of nature with any regularity; but in this res- 
pect the sperm whale differs from the balance of his kind. From 
his peculiar mode of "blowing" or ''spouting" he is recognized 
at a great distance by whalemen. When at the surface for the 
purpose of breathing he is generally still, or makes slow pro- 
gress; his nose, or "noddle end," emerges, and the spout from 
the nostril is thrown up iu the form of expired air, thick, low 
and bushy, of a pale gray-white color, resembling steam. The 
white color is given to it, it is said, by the minute particles of 
water lodged iu the chink or fissure of the nose, and also from 
condensation of the vapor thrown off from the lungs. This 
spout is projected at an angle of about forty-five degre s, in a 
slow, continuous manner for about three seconds of time. When 
alarmed, the spouts are quicker and higher than when in repose. 
When not alarmed, the number of spouts, the length of time he 
reniaius on the surface, aud the time he remains under water, 
are as regular iu duration as can be imagined. A large "bull" 
whale consumes a space of about ten seconds between ''spouts," 
or for making one inspiration and one expiration; remaiuingon 
the surface for each breathing time te:i or twelve minutes, he 
makes sixty or seventy inspirations. At. the expiration of bis 
breathing time his head slowly sinks and his tail is elevated iu 
the air, and he descends to an unknown depth. This act is 
called by whalemen "turning flukes," or ''there goes flukes." 
The whaie continues hidden beneath the surface from sixty to 



seventy minutes, when he again rises to re-inflate his lungs. Of 
course, when "gallied," his regularity in breathing is no longer 
observed. 

The food of the sperm whale consists almost wholly of a 
marine animal, called by whalemen "squid," by naturalists, the 
''Sepia Octopus" a jelly-like substance found in abundance in 
the southern seas. At times when near the shore, the whale 
regales himself on a good mess of fish, principally the rock cod. 
From what I could learn from old and experienced whalemen, 
and from my own observations, when the whale is inclined to 
feed, he descends to a certain depth below the surface, and 
there remains as quiet as possible, opening his large jaws to 
their utmost. Hjs mouth, tougue and brilliant teeth glistening 
and shining, present an enticement that attracts his prey; when 
a sufficient number is in his mouth he closes his jaws and swal- 
lows the contents. This is similar to the actions of the croco- 
dile. The teeth are said to be of no use for mastication, but 
merely used for grasping or holding. I have seen cases where 
the jaw was bent as though at some time broken. Old whale- 
men affirm that it is caused by fighting. Bushing oue upon 
another, they lock their lower jaws together, and so strive for 
the mastery. There is a peculiar and very strong odor emitted 
by the whale, which, no doubt, assists in the attraction of his 
food, causing it to throng about his mouth and throat. 

The manner of suckling the young I have never heard ex- 
plained satisfactorily. Near the socket of the jaw are some- 
thing like lips, lying in loose folds, soft and elastic, and it is 
generally believed that it is by this part the young whale seizes 
the nipple and performs the act of sucking, which is possibly 
the correct mode. 

(To be continued.) 



Hiring a Clerk. — The following is not a new story, but it 
is a true one, and will bear repeating, we think: 

Years ago, into a wholesale grocery store in Boston, walked a 
tall, muscular-looking man, evidently a fresh comer from some 
backwoods town iu Maine or New Hampshire. Accosting the 
first person he met, who happened to be the merchant himself, 
he asked: 

''You dou't want to hire a man in your store, do you?" 

''Well," said the merchant, "I dont know; what can you 
do?" 

"Do?" said the man, "I rather guess I can turn my hand to 
almost anything. What do you waut done?" 

''Well — if I was to hire a man, it would be one that could 
lift well a strong, wiry fellow; one, for instance, that could 
shoulder a sack of coffee like that yonder, and carry it across 
the store and never lay it down." 

'There, now, cap t' in " said the countryman, "that's just me. 
I can lift anything I hitch to; you can't suit me better. What 
will you give a man that can suit you?" 

"I'll tell you," s:iid the merchant; "if you will shoulder that 
sack of coffee and carry it across the store twice and never lay 
it down, I will hire you for a year at $100 per month." 

''Done," said the stranger. By this time every clerk in the 
store had gathered around, aud were waiting to join in the 
laugh against the man, who, walking up to the sack, threw it 
across his shoulder with perfect ease, as if it was not extremely 
heavy, and walking with it twice across the store, went quietly 
to a h\rge hook which was fastened to the wall, and hanging it 
up, turned to the merchant and said: 

''There, now, it may hang there till doomsday; I shall never 
lay it down. What shall I go about, mister? Just give me 
plenty to do and $100 per month, and its all right." 

The clerks broke into a laugh, and the merchant, discomfitted 
yet satisfied, kept his agreement; and to-day the green country- 
iran is the senior partner in the firm, and worth a million 
dollars. 





172 



JUVENILE IWSTKUCTOB, 




<Efie jafuail* lastuacf un. 



¥ 









CEORCE O. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY', OCTOBEK 25, 1873. 

EDITORIAL THOUO-iiTS. 




1\ 

r. - 



IIILDREX who live iu these valleys have 
but little idea of the manner iu which peo- 
ple iu other lands subsist. In this country 
we have an abundance of lbod and iu great 
variety. Meat of various kinds is very 
plentiful, and is largely eaten by the people 
generally. But in many countries of Eu- 
rope meat very seldom comes into the mouth 
of the poor people. Meat is a thing set 
apart for high days and holidays. Very 
a child's remembrance of its mother's death 
be the white bread and the baked meats pro- 
. for the funeral. Very often a young couple, 
meat upon their wedding day, will not 
it agaiu until Easter, when a great festival 
Many marriages are arrauged for Easter, so 
ive the expense of furnishing meat twice, 
tion of Europe has its national dish. The 
gians and Danes have their rye-pancakes; the 
Frenchman has his onion soup; the Dutchman his sauer kraut 
,-ind cheese; the Balian his macearoni; the mountaineer of the 
Alps his potato soup; the Scotchman his oatmeal cakes and por- 
ridge; the Irishman his barley bread and potatoes; but all 
Europeans eat largely of bread. To them it is the staff of life. 
Men, women, and children who work hard every day live on 
bread; aud on this fare boys grow up to be stalwart and brave 
men. ' If they have anything aiore than bread, it is used as a 
relish; on the sea coasts these relishes consist principally offish, 
fresh in the season of fishing; and at other seasons, smoked and 
salted. 

A person who travels among the peasantry of the various 
countries of Europe, aud examines their food, will be struck 
with its meagre plainness and the excellent health of the people. 
Take the Scotch as an example. Their food is plain and coarse, 
they eat but little meat, and yet they are healthy and remarka- 
bly strong. Examine their teeth. How white and sound tin y 
arc! Seldom you hear them speak of toothache or of any ui iier 
aches. The coarse, vegetable food on which they live, makes 
bone. It feeds the teeth and all the bones of the body and 
they are sound and strong. This is the case with the (jerwaus, 
the Scandinavians, the Iris'), the Welsh, the French, and the 
people of many other countries who live in this same style. 
Bui go into the cities, where the people drink tea and coffee, 
live on white bread and meats, pastries and other articles, and 
you will find toothache and diseases of various kinds quite com- 
mon. 

In the United States the peoplehave a greater variety of food 
than the people of alu i s( any other land. Food is so plenti- 
ful, and so many tables are so lavishly supplied with great vari- 
eties e| luxuries", tliat bread is but little eaten. Even 
where bread i • used i' is generally in the shape of hoi biscuits. 
The result of this ki id of living is that decayed teeth, tooth- 
and dysp p ia arc very prevalcol in the I nitcd States. 
[ii our Territi ry many families live in this same style. It is 
;,:i unhealthy lanliii n, and good, sound health cannot be enjoyed 
by those who follow I r adopt it. The art of making good bread 
rs to be alu osl unknown iii many families. This is apt to 
bread is not looked upon as the staff of life. 
But win r hi .i 1 is u-.-d largely it should be of the best quality. 



Wheat is for man, aud, when properly cooked, it is the best 
food that can be eaten. Flour should not be bolted too fine. 
Iu tact, it would be better for health if not bolted at all. And 
then it should be cooked in the best possible manner. The 
French method of making bread is admitted by all who have 
eaten it long enough to test it, to be the best for health. It is 
sweet and nutritious, and at the same time very light. It is 
made as nearly all crust as is practicable, the French being of 
the opinion that the crumb or soft part of bread is by no means 
so digestible as the better baked part. 

We throw out these few hints to our readers upon this sub- 
ject that the juveniles may profit by theai. Some may think 
that it makes no difference what kind of food they eat; but the 
Lord has thought the matter of sufficient importance to reveal 
His will concerning our foofl. Aud we should uot despise His 
counsel. 



The Wiukijng Dervishes of Egyix.— A very large circle 
was feuced oft' in the middle, of the fljor, which had a strip of 
matting around it, and at one side was a Turkey rug, on which 
the chief dervish sat, and to which all bowed as they passed. 
There were fif'teeu men and one little boy; they were dressed 
iu dark colored dressing gowns, under which were very long, 
fall white petticoats, and wore while vests with short jackets 
coming to the waists. Ou their heads Were gray felt hats, just 
the shape of flower-pots and about ten inches high. They took 
off both shoes aud stockings before they eutered the ring. At 
first they marched around three times in solemn procession, 
each two bowing to each other before the holy carpet, the mean- 
ing of which I could not nuke out. During this time six der- 
vishes made the most frightful music in a gallery above; four 
with a sort of pipe, two beating or. a kettle-drum, and shouting 
out something in a monotonous tone at the top of their voice. 
When the procession reach d the rug for the iourth time they 
began to spin. It was really wonderful to see these men all 
spinning at the most violent rate without seeming to get in the 
least dizzy. The best was a man seventy years old; he sjiun so 
that his shirt stood out straight all around him without a wrin- 
kle. They kept it up for eight minutes, this old fellow whirl- 
ing sixty-eight times a minute, l'hen they sat down cross-leg- 
ged on the matting, flung their heads down to the ground for a 
moment, got up aud went at it again tor perhaps ten minutes; 
anothr rest, one more whirl, and it was over. The last minute 
the old man made fifty-six revolutions, and when they went out 
they all seemed quite fresh, fhey appeared almost to float in 
the air after they had fairly started, and their arms moved 
about with very graceful motions. The whole ceremony lusted 
about an hour, and was very remarkable, though not quite so 
wonderful as 1 had expected. 



Jefferson's Ten Biles. — The following rules, so short and 
concise, yet em bod \ ing so much, would be well for every child 
to commit to memory, and, as far as possible, put them into 
practice: 

1. Never put off till to-morrow what you can do to-day. 

2. Never trouble another for what you can do yourself. 
,'). Never spend your money before you have it. 

■1. Never buy what you do not want because it is c' cap. 
5. 1 'ride costs more than hunger, thirst and cold. 
o. We seldom repent of having eaten too liitl i. 

7. Nothing is troublesome that we do willingly. 

8. How much pains the evils have cost Us that have never 
happened. 

9. Take things always by the smooth hand] !. 

10. When angry, count teu before you speak; if v ry angry 
count a hundred. 



) 




JTJYB1TILE I1TSTBUCTOR, 




173 



G-XjISS^ZDIHSTG-. 

IN the last number of the Is.iTKtrcTOB on the first page, wo 
gave you an article on the subject of ascending the Alps, but 
the illustration which accompanied it pictured a man in the act 
of descending a portion of the Alps in a most unpleasant and 
hasty manner. Falling down head foremost with arms and legs 
outspread is not by any means the most approved plan of des- 
cending the Alps, but generally the result of accident. 

One style of descending a steep mountain's side, a favorite 
method among alpine travelers who are used to it, is that pic- 
tured in the engraving we here present, called glissading. A 
parson wishing to descend in this manner poisrs himself upon 
his heels and the end of his alpenstock or staff. The 1 tter 
serves as a ''brake" to slacken speed. The most difficult part 
of the operation is fur the person to maintain his balance; if he 
fails in this he does not stop and spit on his hands and take a 
fresh hold, as you might suppose, but he continues to descend, 
for the reason that he cannot help it; but his style of descent 
is not quite so graceful or pleasant, nor indeed so safe; for the 
next moment after such a failure, the person descending gener- 
ally finds himself sliding, rolling, tumbling or bounding down 
the mountain at a fearful rate of speed, which continues to in- 
crease in rapidity until he happens to strike agaiust a jutting 
rock or lodges in a crevasse, stunned, bruised and probably 
senseless. At the best, traveling in the Alps is a very difficult 
and dangerous undertaking for whether ascending or descend- 







-¥• 



-' 



ing the steep ice-covered mountains of that region, the same 
care is necessary to prevent a fall. One misstep in many 
instances would prove almost certain death, and if a person lack 
a strong nerve and a cool head, he had better avoid both climb- 
ing and glissading in the mountains of the Alps. 

An incident in the experience of Mr. Whymper, a scientific 
explorer of that region, will serve as a sample of the disasters 
likely to befall alpine travelers. 

While traveling alone on a narrow and dangerous path he 
missed his footing and fell down at the head of a very deep 
gulch. He bad no power to save hi.nseif, and fairly whirled 
down the steep incline. Every bound increased his speed, till, 
after striking his head a number of times on rocks, he lodged 
far away below, just in time to save himself from being dashed 
to pieces. In writing of it he says: 

"The last bound sent me spinning through the air, in a leap 
of fifty or sixty feet from one side of the gully to the other, and 
I fell back on to the snow with motion arrested, on the vergo 
of the precipice. Baton, hat and veil skimmed by and disap- 
peared, and the crash of the rocks which T had started as they 
fell nn to the glacier, told how narrow had been the escape from 
utter destruction, I fell nearly 200 feet in seven or eight 
bounds. Ten feet mere would have taken me in one gigantic 
leap ol mki feet on to the glacier below. The situation was 
m!II sufficiently serious. The rucks could m t be let go for a mo- 
ment, and the blood was spurting out, of more than twenty 
cuts. At las', in a moment of inspiration, I kicked out a big 



lump of snow, aud stuck it as a plaster on my head, the flow of 
blood diminished, then, scrambling up, I got, not a moment too 
soon, to a place of safety and fainted away.!' 

When consciousness returned he succeeded in making his way 
down nearly 5,000 feet to the house, where his wounds were 
dressed. He sustained no permanent injury from this terrific 
experience, except that his memory was reduced from a reten- 
tive one to a very commonplace one. 



UTS 



T O IE6 t o if 
o h: tj ir, o h: . 

(Continued.) 



THE 



rpHIS was a fair letter, and with the address, it shows very 
L clearly that when prominent men of the nation look at the 
Saints without prejudice, they can readily admit that they are 
an industrious, innocent and persecuted people. It appeared 
just then to the Whigs an object of interest to speak kindly of 
and conciliate the Saints, aud they became quite eloquent in 
dwelling upon the wrongs which they had endured. Although 
it looked rather suspicious to the Saiuts that the Whigs of Iowa 
should at that particular time become deeply interested in their 
welfare, and all of a sudden grow warm and eloquent upon the 
subject of their expulsion from Missouri, and the uiartyidom 
of the Prophet and Patriarch, Joseph and Hyrum Smith, and 
the sufferings they had endured in the boasted land of freedom; 
still the caucus concluded to reply to the commui ications of the 
Whigs. A preamble was draft: d and adopted, in which a 
lengthy account of the outrages, persecution and proscriptions 
endured by the Latter-day Saints were set forth; also a resolu- 
tion declaring that, if the Whigs of Iowa would lift up their 
hands towards heaven and swear by the Eternal Gods that they 
would use all their powers to suppress mobocracy, insurrection, 
rebellion and violence, in whatever form or from whatever 
source such might arise against the Latter-day Saints and the 
citizens of Iowa, even to the sacrifice of all their properly, and 
their lives if need be, and that a full share of representative 
and judicial authority should be extended to the Saints, then 
the Saints would pledge themselves to unite their votr^ with 
the Whigs of Iowa at the elections of the current year aud 
would correspond with the Whigs as solicited. 

In March a post-office was established at Kanesville, and 
Brother Evan M. Greene received the appointment of postmas- 
ter. A couuty organization was also obtained, the county bei;;g 
called Pottawatomie, the officers were: Isaac Clark, Judge 
of Probate; George Coulson, Andrew II. Perkins aud David 
D. Yearsley, County Commissioners; Thomas Burdick, County 
Clerk; John' P. Parker, Sheriff; James Sloan, District Clerk; 
Evan'M. Greene, Recorder and Treasurer; Jacob G. Biglcr, 
William Snow, Levi Bracken and Jonathan C. Wright, magis- 
trates. 

Kanesville was now becoming a point of some importance. 
It was the intention to abandon Winter Quarters in the Spring 
of 1S4S, and those who could not move to the Valley that sea- 
son made preparations to settle on the Iowa side of the Missouri 
Biver, aud whether they opened fauns at other points or not, 
they naturally looked to Kanesville as headquarters. At a con- 
ference held there, Elders Orson Hyde and Geo. A. Smith were 
chosen to labor in Pottawatomie county. Elder Ezra T. Benson 
was afterwards appointed to labor with them. Besides the 
Saints who had moved there alter (he expulsion of the Church 
from Xauvoo, there were many coming from Inn ign lands, who 
not having sufficient means to cany them directly to the Valley, . 
needed a halt way place at which In Stop while they could make 
the necessary preparations tn prosecute their journey. In May 

a company ol one hundred aid foity-six Saints arrived from 

Great Britain, having been brought up the Missouri River b y 



3 



> ~- 




174 



J"TJ^TE]3SriLE IUSTRTJOTOB. 





the steamboat Mustang, under the leadership of Elder Franklin 
D. Kichards, assisted by Elders Audrew Cahoon and S. W. 
Richards. Another company also arrived shortly afterwards 
under the leadership of Elder Moses Martin. Early in the 
same month a company of Saints arrived from the States on the 
steamboat Mandan. After the exodus of the Church from 
Nauvoo the emigration of the Saints from Europe had been 
stopped until a place of gathering could be found and decided 
upon. During this period the Saints in Europe had to repress 
their desires to gather with the people of God. When, there- 
fore, the General Epistle reached them from the Presidency of 
the Church, informing them, among other things > that a place 
for the gathering of the people and the building up of Zion had 
been designated, they gladly received the news and the stream 
of emigration again began to flow Zionward. 

The persecution and driving out of the Saints from the midst 
of so-called civilization and their wandering in the wilderness, 
did not check the preaching of the gospel in Europe, or the 
baptism of the humble aud meek and honest-hearted people 
who heard its glad sound. In Wales alone, uuder the presi- 
dency of Elder Dan Jones, during the last six months of 1S4T, 
upwards of seven hundred souls were added to the Church; 
and in other places where the Elders labored the Lord gave 
them great success in bringing souls uuto Him. At the same 
conference at which Elders Orson Hyde and Geo. A. Smith 
were appointed to labor in Pottawatomie county, Elders Orson 
Pratt and Wilford Woodruff, of the Twelve Apostles, were 
appointed missions; the first to Great Britain and tho second to 
the Eastern States, Nova Scotia and Canada. Besides these, 
there were several other prominent elders sent on missions 
abroad. 

In the meanwhile active preparations were being made at 
Winter Quarters for the next Summer's journey across the 
plains to the Valley. The Otoe Indians having heard that Pres- 
ident Young and the Saints were about to start for the moun- 
tains, fifty of them bearing letters from the Agency, visited 
Winter Quarters to receive compensation for the occupaucy of 
their lauds. Suitable presents were given them and they 
returned to their villages. On the Oth of May twenty two 
wagons left Wiuter Quarters for the Elkhorn river — the place 
of rendezvous for the organization of the companies iutendiug 
to move to the mountains th it Summer. They were followed 
by others; and on the 26th President Young started from Win- 
ter Quarters fur the Elkhorn. Through the blessing of the 
Lord on his industry and good management, he had acquired 
considerable property during his sojourn at Winter Quarters, 
in houses, mills and temporary furniture. These he had to 
leave, making the fifth time that he had left his home and pro- 
perty since he embraced the gospel of Jesus Christ. Brother 
HeberC. Kimball reached the Elkhorn river on the 1st of June, 
having fifty-Eve wagons in company. It was with very joyful 
feelings that the Saints bade farewell to Winter Quarters. 
There was a long and tiresome journey before them, and the 
country to which they were going did uot possess such natural 
advantages for settlement and cultivation at that time as to be 
inviting for a people who sought temporal prosperity ouly. But 
to the Saints it was an attractive laud. God had choseu and 
pointed it out as their residence, the place to which he wished 
them to gather. There they could dwell at peace and 
worship Him without any to molest or make them afraid. 
There, under the shadow of the mighty mountains, they could 
erect their altars, attend to the ordinances which he had revealed 
and commanded them to observe, extend their settlements, and 
have no mob to threaten and annoy them. It was, therefore, 
with joyful feelings that they started forth on the plains to tra- 
verse 1 1 1 • ■ d"S' rt wilds which stretched out between the Bfn- 
souri river and the mountains. 

I To U con' ill""/. 



DISHONESTY 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

EBTEOTBD. 



AN incident came under my notice a few days since which at 
the time caused me serious reflections. 

An aged man, a cross, querulous, old fellow, in company with 
his two little boys, applied at a store to buy some provisions, 
and after being served, offered in payment an order on the 
store, which already had a number of payments endorsed on it. 
The salesman took it, endorsed the payment just made, added 
up the whole and informed the customer that the order was 
overpaid. This announcement was met by a flat denial from 
the old man, who, in the crossest manner possible, demanded the 
privilege of adding up the figures himself. He took the order, 
turned aside from the salesman, studied aud figured over it 
awhile, and hauded it back, still declaring that it was not over- 
paid. Immediately on getting it back, the salesman observed 
that the figures did not "foot up" as they had previously done ; 
and on closer scrutiny, he detected that bis customei, while 
pretending to add it up to satisfy himself, had actually changed 
a 4 into a 1 by erasing a part of the figure. It had been very 
cleverly done, and would probably have passed without notice, 
if the salesman had not previously added up the column, and 
had his curiosity and suspicion aroused by noticing the discrep- 
ancy. Tbe man denied having changed the figure aud com- 
menced a tirade of abuse about having his honesty qu.-stioned; 
but fiuding that the matter was uot likely to rest there and the 
salesman not willing to allow the three dollars, he subsided into 
the most passive mood imaginable, declared he would not quar- 
rel a minute for three dollars, and was quite willing to have the 
figure reckoned as a four and pay the diff.'reuee. It was easy 
to see guilt in the man's face, and what made the matter worse 
his two little boys had been curiously and attentively watching 
the whole performance. 

The act showed that the man must be cither hardened in dis- 
honesty aud indifferent about the consequences, or that he did not 
realize the gross meanness of it and the effect his example would 
be likely to have upou his boys. It was really deserving of pun- 
ishment, and certainly did bring upou him the coutempt of all 
present, aud ought to of all good men. He was actually break- 
ing one of the commandments of God aud selling his character, 
his manhood and his claim to respectability for the paltry sum 
of three dollars. More thau that, he was destroying the confi- 
dence esteem, love and veneration which his children might 
have had for him— and which every child ought to bear toward 
his father — and setting them an example which, if followed by 
them in the same spirit, will blight their lives, degrade them in 
the eyes of the world, destroy their usefulness, and probably 
bring them to an untimely death, and prove their condemnation 
in the future. 

It is to be hoped for the sake of those boys that there 
is sufficient good in their nature and the principle of honesty is 
sufficiently impressed upon them to cause them to avoid follow- 
ing the course of their father. A clear conscience and a good 
name are of far more worth in this world than all a man could 
possibly steal, and when the prospects of a future life are taken 
into consideration they are not to be compared to the gains of 
theft. "Honesty is the best policy" is an adage true as it is old. 
Our acts, good or bad, bear their own rewards, and if that man 
does not reap the reward of his diihouest act and bad example 
in sorrow and regret in this life, he will certainly find in the 
next world that a thousand times three dollars would not make 
up the loss that its commission will bring upon him. 

G. C. L. 



Always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will 
avoid you. 





■ --' ■■ ■ i II ■ ■ • I .1 



JtTTBlTILB IU8TBTJCTOR. 



175 




QUBSTIOHS J^iTID ^IST- 

SWBRS OlST THE 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 



Subject — IIistobt of Moses. 

LE9SOJJ £1.1. 

Q' — While Moses was sitting hy a well who came to draw water? 

A. — The daughters of the priest of Midiau. 

y. — How manj' were there? 

A.- — Seven . 

Q. — For what purpose did the daughters of the priest of Midian 
come to the well to draw water? 

A.— To rill their troughs to water their father's flock. 

Q.— Did anybody interfere with them? 

A. — Yes; "the shepherd came and drove them away." 

Q. — What then did Moses do? 

A. — He "stood up and helped them, and watered their flock." 

Q- — What, was the name of the priest of Miaian? 

A.— Bevel. 

Q- — When Revel saw his daughters what did he saj - ? 

A. — "How is it that ye are come so 60ou to-day?" 

Q. — What reply did they make? 

A. — That an Egyptian had delivered them from the shepherd and 
watered the flock for them. 

Q- — What did the father then say unto his daughters? 

A. — He inquired where he was an 1 why they had left the man. 

Q- — What did he tell his daughters to do? 

A.- — To call Moses that he might eat bread. 

Q. — How did Moses like to stay? 

A. — "He was content to dwell with the man." 

Q. — What was the name of the daughter the priest of Midian gave 
to Moses? 

A. — Zipporah. 

Q- — What was the name of the son of Moses and Zipporah? 

A. — Gershom. 

Q. — Why did Moses give him that name? 

A. — Because he had heen a stranger in a strange land. 

Q. — What came to pass in process of time? 

A. — The king of Egypt died. 

LESSON XLII. 

Q. — What did the children of Israel do? 

A. — They sighed hy reason of their bondage. 

Q. — Who heard their cries and their groaning? 

A —God. 

Q. — How did he regard their sufferings? 

A. — He remembered his covenant with Abraham, Isaac and Jacob 
and looked upon the children of Israel and had respect unto them. 

Q. — What was Moses doing at this time? 

A. — Keeping the flocks of Jethro, his father-in-law. 

Q. — What was the name of the mountain of God to which Moses 
came as he was leading the flock? 

A. — Horeb. 

Q. — Who then appeared to Moses? 

A. — "The angel of the Lord." 

Q. — How did the angel appear unto Moses? 

A. — "In a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush." 

Q. — What was strange about the bush that waB burned with file? 

A. — That it was not consumed. 

Q. — What did Moses do when he saw this great Bight? 

A. — He turned aside to see why the bush wag not consumed. 

Q. — What did the Lord do when he saw MoseB turning aside to 
look at the bush? 

A. — He "called unto him out of the midst of the bush, and said 
'Moses, MoseB. 1 " 

Q. — What reply did he make? 

A — "Here am I." 

Q.— What did the Lord tell Moses to do? 

A. — To put oft' his shoes for it was holy ground whereon he stood. 

Q. — What did the Lord then say unto Moses? 

A. — That he had seen the affliction of the children of Israel and 
would deliver them from the oppression of the Egyptians. 

y. — What kind of a land did the Lord say he would brine his peo- 
ple to? 

A. — "Unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk 
and honey." 

Q. — To whom did the Lord 6ay he would send Moses? 

A.— To Pharaoh. 

Q. — For what purpose was he to go to Pharaoh? 

A.— That he might bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt. 

Q. — What did MoseB say? 

A. — "Who am I, that I should go unto Pharaoh?" 

Q. — What token did the Lord give to Moses that he had sent him* 

A.— That when he had brought forth the people out of Egypt, he 
should serve God upon Mount Horeb. 

Q. — What name did the Lord give unto Moses to say unto the chil- 
dren of Israel? 

A. — "1 AM hath sent me unto yon." 



QIIBSTIOITS J±2<TJD .A. 2sT 
SWERS OICT THIE BOOK! 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 



LESSON XLI. 

Q.— Of what nations were the Nephites composed at the time that 
Alma and his people joined them? 

A.— The people of Ncphi and the people of Zarahemla. 

y. — Who were the people of Zarahemla? 

A.-Descendantsoi Mulok, son of Zedekiah, king of Judah, and 
his companions. 

Q. — Who were the most numerous? 

A.— The people of Zarahemla. 

•4-— Were the people of Nephi and the people of Zarahemla as 
numerous as the Lamanites? 

A. — No: they were not half so numerous. 

y.-- What did Mosiah do after the arrival of Alma and his breth- 
ren? 

A. — He assembled the people together in two bodies. 

y — For what purpose? 

A. — That they inigni bear the records of the people of Zeniff and 
the account of Alma and his brethren. 

y — What effect did the reading of these records have upon the 
people? 

A. — They were struck with wonder and amazement at the events 
recorded. 

y. — When Mosiah had finished speaking and reading to the people, 
whom did he call to speak? 

A. — Alma. 

y. What was the character of Alma's teaching? 

A.— He taught the people repentance and faith on the Lord. 

y. — Whom did he baptize? 

A — King Limhi and all his people. 

V- — How did he baptize them? 

A — After the manner he did their brethren in the waters of Mor- 
mon. 

y — How was that? 

A. — They were buried in the water. 

y — What did thechildieu of Ainulon and the other priests of 
Noah, who ran away into the wilderness, do? 

A.- They were displeased with the conduct of their fathers and 
took upon themselves the name of Nephi. 

LESSON XLII. 

y. — What privilege did lung Mosiah grant unto Alma? 

A.— That he might establish churches throughout all the land of 
Zarahemla. 

y. — What officers did he ordain over each church? 

A. — Priests and teachers. 

y. — vv hy were they thus divided into branches? 

A. — Because they could not all hear the word of God in one assem- 
bly. 

Q. — Being'lhus divided did they belong todiffere t churches? 

A. — No, they were all one church. 

y. — How many branches or churches were there in the land of Zar- 
ahemla? 

A. — Seven. 

y. — Did the Lord accept Ihe labors of Alma and the people? 

A. — He poured out his spirit upon them and they were blessed and 
prospered in the land. 

y. — Did all the people in the land join the church of Christ? 

A. — No; there, were many of the rising generation who were not 
believers. 

Q.— Lid they refuse to be baptized? 

m.— They did. 

y. — Who joined these unbelievers? 

A. — Dissenters from the church. 

y — How did they operate? 

A. — They > eceived m ny church members with their flattering 
wo ds, and caused them to commit sin. 

y. — What did Alum do with these members? 

A. — He brought them I cfore King Mosiah for him to judge them. 

y.— Did king Mosiah judge them? 

A. — No; he delivered them to Alma to tie judged. 

y. — What course did Alma lake? 

A.— He went and inquired of the Lord what he should do in the 
matter. 

y --Did the Lord reply to Alma? 

A. — He gave him a revelation on the subject, which Alma wrote 
down. 

y. — Can you tell me one great point in this revelation? 

A. — The Lord 6aid, "whosoever will not repent ol his sins the same 
shall not be numbered among my people; and this shall be observe I 
from this time forward." 

y. — What became of those who would not confess their sins and 
repent of their iniquities? 

A. — They were not numbered among the people of the church, and 
their names were blotted out. 



\£ 



fcs- 




^ * 176 



JUYElsriLE I1TSTBUCTOR. 




[Forth-- Juvenile Instructor. 

iT^Li-^nsr ivcxjsig O-Eiij-,- 



j| J 



TPHK dispatches from the east of late have contained several 
_L allusions to the cruel treatment of Italian children in New 
York, Philadelphia and other places, by the padrones, aud also 
of several arrests of padrones aud children that had been made; 
iu one instance, as stated, one hundred and fifty-two children 
having been arrested in one day iu seven houses in Philadel- 
phia. The import ol that news was doubtless not thoroughly 
understood by half of those who read it, because of their never 
haviug previously heard ol the traffic iu such children carried 
ou iu the Uuittd States and Great Britain, and also from iguor- 
auce of the tn.'auiug of the term padrone. 

To begin with, padrone is au Italian word signifying master 
or owner; so that we may infer that B they bear that relationship 
to the children spoken of in connection with them. 

A number i f Italian children playing on creaky violins, 
wrong eud downward, ill-tuned harps aud harsh tambouriues is 
a very commou sight m the streets of older cities, and not en- 
tirely unknown here iu Salt Lake City. Sometimes a lone one 
may be seen with an old hand orgau, griudi g out t.i,.es in a 
most discordant manner. As au equivalent for thus catering to 
the amusemeut — or anuoyance, as it as often proves — of the 
public, they expect their listeners to bestow a few dimes upon 
them, as they pass around a very significant looking hat, accom- 
panied by a stiil more significant look in the up-turned lace of 
the snial :st performer. 

How lev? out of all the millions who have seen the Utile fel- 
low, liius performing aud noticed their mute appeals to the 
clarity of the public, have known or lor a moment fancied the 
real cause of their leadiug such a life. They thiuk of them 
only as the little, dark-eyed, brown-faced, sometimes vicious- 
looking pests who have no special claim upon cither their 
pity or pence. 

From facts recently brought to light it seems that many of 
these children have been enticed or stolen from their homes in 
''sunny Italy," while others have beeu purchased from their 
unfed. ng or desperate pareuts there, by the guardians or pa- 
drone$ t as they are called, who now have them; aud that they 
are held by them in a state if complete servitude. They are 
first taught to produce that crazy s irt of music which they are 
UOted for, to dance and beg, and then turned into the streets by 
their cruel taskmasters to get money fur performing, or other- 
wise, aud bring it home with them, or sutler severe beating aud 
other harsh treatment for failing to do so. They are thrown 
into the worst class "I soi lety, see the worst of vices practised, 
are tempted, if not actually taught by their masters to steal by 
being forced to bring home in tin- padrones the expected amount 
in in iney. The re-ult i-, they become hardened iu crime, de- 
praved an 1 vicious in lie extreme. They learn to pick a man's 

pocket or rob a till as deftly as a magician wuuld perform a 
trick ii si ight-of-hand. They are kept in ignorance, never 
being taught to read or write, poorly clothed aud supplied with 
barely enough fo id, and that ol a poor quality, to live upon — 
and BOUieti lies ii": evcu that much by the padrones, but forced 
to beg food also. 

The slavery which existed in the Southern States a few years 
sinca, and which was only abolished with a war between tin' 
north and south— lie' n|' the most terrible, bloody wars ever 
fought, was r i- . t more -' illing t'> th - negroes than is the bondage 
of the Italian children at the present time in this free land of 
America. Yet this latter system has been Buffered to exist, 
aud the padrones have enriched themselves at the expense ol 
the litde sufferers, who, once in their clutches, are almost cer- 
tain to be ruii' d n. orally ail otherwise. The training they 

i iv • Ironi the a » • of five or six years up to manhood Beldom 

tails to make tie- u the very worst members of society, and their 



crimes sooner or later are apt to bring them to the State's prison 
or the gallows. 

Time, the "great leveler of all things,"' the ''corrector of evil" 
has been very tardy about coming to the relief of these little 
sufferers; but the sympathies of the kind hearted are being 
aroused now iu their behalf, and there is a prospect of the cruel 
practice being suppressed. A late dispatch from New York 
states that a committee will petition Congress, the state legis- 
lature and the city government, to enact laws to make the traf- 
fic a criminal offense, which will probably have the desired 
effect. 

The children of this Territory have great cause for thankful- 
ness that they, uuhke the little waifs described, have pleasant 
homes, kind pareuts or friends to provide for and teach them, 
aud every eucourag^meut to do right, to be honest and grow up 
to be respectable and useful men and women; and above all, 
that they have the gospel taught to them, by living in accord- 
ance with which, they will gain eternal lives. L. 



Selected iPosfpu. 



Jl' 



<9> 



ERWBST'S TWILIGHT 



"Mamma, how did lialiy find the right way 
From the angel's home that summer day?" 
Said my little Ernie at eventide. 
As he nestled closedown by my tide. 

"Did God send her soul on a silver cloud? 
Did he call to yon so very loud, 

'Here's a hahy ikar for you to love, 

Coming dow n from Heaven like a gentle dove! ' ' 

"I think an angel came just before, 

To show the baby our papa's door. 
< >!i say, mamma dear, did yon hear her sing, 
And then Id our dear little baby In? 

"And did she have wings when i-he came that day, 
That you've taken oil and put away? 
Did the angel tell you to lav them by 

'Till Go 1 should call her again on high? 

"If I hear Him call her I'll quickly say, 
Dear heavenly fat her, Oh! please let her Btay! 
You've la'acs enough in your heaven above, 
And we've only one Utile sister to love!" 



IP we are cheerful and contented, all Nature smiles with us; 
the air seems more balmy, the sky more clear, the ground has 
a brighter green, the trees have a richer foliage, the flowi r- a 
more fragrant smell, the birds sing more sweetly, and the sun, 
moon and stars appear more beautilul. 



vJU"V"Ensrin,E ijstst:r,uoto:k, 

Is published in •■sail l,akn City, Utah Territory, 
KVKKV OTHER SAT0RDAY. 

CE RCfc O CANN N, EDirOR Sl PUBLISHER. 

TERMS I.N ADVANCE 

.yin(/(« Copy, per Annum $- on. 

(3T Grain brought to this city for tin- JrVENii.i: IflSXRUOTOR will 
t> received at the office ot paper DbsbbktNbws BurrjDiiras. 

SlCf 



