* 



aliMSS U i\t %ax)i\ 



^ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1870. 



NO. 15. 



OTJI?. Iv£E2sr.A.a-EI^IE. 



HERE we are again in the midst of our birds, beasts and 
fishes. What shall we look at today? Ah, there is a 
Camel, a Bear, a Zebra, a Stag, a Boa Constrictor, a Sword 
Fish, an Ourang-OutEtng, a Butcher Bird and two Jays. 
Let us proceed at once to examine tliem. 

The Camel first claims our attention. It is indeed a 
valuable animal. Without it communication between 
distant countries, separated by wide tracts of frightful 
deserts such as the Sahara in Northern Africa,"and the 
deserts of Arabia and Central Asia, would be almost im- 
possible to men ; but with it the journey is a comparative- 
]y easy tasli. It seems as though God made it for just 
that purpose and that alone, as in colder and more vari- 
able climes it will not breed. Besides being so valuable 
as a beast of burden it is useful in many other ways. It 
furnishes the Arab with flesh and vailk, of its hair he 
weaves clothing, and even teuts ; his belt and sandals are 
the products of its hide, and its dung affords him fuel. 
You never heard of bands or herds of wild Camels run- 
ning about in Arabia, Persia or Barbary, aud being 
hunted by Arabs, Moors or PersiAs, for the fact is they 
are only found in a domesticated state; that is, subject 
to the will of man, tame, used as his servant, as the horse 
or ox. There exist two distinct species of Camel. First 
the Bactrian Camel with two humps on his back, then 
the Dromedary with only one hump. Both'are beasts of 
burden, but the first named is the stronger and more rare of 
the two. Now, let us pass along. 

A fine Stag comes next in turn. Tliis is an animal of 
the deer kind, and of these graceful quadrupeds there are 
nearly fifty species known to scientific naturalists. You 
all know what quadruped means? Of course, an animal 
with four feet. Boys and girls are not [quadrupeds, they 
are bipeds. That is, they have each two feet. Birds are 
also bipeds. The animals of the Deer species are found 
throughout Europe, Asia, America, and the Islands of 
the Indian Ocean. In Africa only two kinds are found, 
and these are confined to the mountain regions near the 
coast of the Mediterranean sea. But if Africa has only 
two species of Deer it abounds with Antelopes, and these 
last are very near kindled to the Deer. 

Of the many different kinds of deer that exist,"our little 
friends have had their attention drawn quite lately to the 
Elk, Moose and Reindeer. Then there is the Wapiti, a 
native of this continent ; tlie Virginian Deer are also found 
largely in the States ; the Pita, tlie Brocket and others of 
South America ; the Red Deer, the Fallow Deer and the 
Roebuck of the eastern continent, and a number of differ- 



ent species, with various queer names, that you would not 
remember were we to repeat them to you, that are found 
in Japan, Sumatra and the great Oriental Islands. 

Ours is a fine old Stag, whose home is amongst the 
lakes and hills of the highlands of Scotland, where deer 
stalking, as hunting tliis graceful creature is termed, is a 
favorite sport with the nobility. Come! let us continue 
our research. 

Ah, a Butcher Bird. One of the Shrike family, as 
naturalists call them. He has transfixed a beetle on a 
thorn and is about to enjoy his repast at leisure. It seems 
strange that this bird should have the odd habit of 
butchering its food, which other families of birds do not 
give way to. This is a very brave bird, its courage is 
beyond almost every bird of its size. It is not a very 
large bird, you observe, about ten inches long, but when 
its young are attacked it will do battle with the largest 
hawks, even with eagles, in their defense, with a resolu- 
tion truly astonishing, so that on most occasions the 
invaders decline the contest. 

There are bears in Europe, Asia and America, but no 
bears in Africa. There are Brown bears, Black bears, 
Grizzly bears. Polar bears, Syrian bears, Bornean bears, 
Malayan bears, Siberian bears, and bears with several 
other names all different from the rest in some way or 
other. The Polar and Grizzly bears are the most formid- 
able. The first is found amongst the snows and ice of the 
Arctic regions, the second is a native of these Rocky moun- 
tains, and by no means a pleasant neighbor. The Brown 
bear is found in both Europe and Asia, while the Black 
bear inhabits the whole of United States territory, Alaska 
perliaps excepted. 

The Grizzly bear is the most ferocious of its tribe, and 
its strength equals its ferocity; and many a melancholy 
tale of trapper and Indian hunter attests its dangerous 
prowess. The Indians esteem the killing of one of these 
creatures a feat almost equal to killing a human enemy; 
and one of the ornaments in which tliey talie especial 
pride is a necklace of bears' claws ; only to be worn by 
those who have killed tlie animal from whicli they have 
been taken. 

The Polar bear is an interesting fellow. He is a great 
swimmer, and is almost as much at home in the water as 
a fish, Arctic voyagers have found him out at sea twenty 
miles from land. His food is principally fish, and his 
ability as a swimmer and diver helps him materially to 
obtain his livelihood. Birds and their eggs, and four 
footed beasts, when he can lay his claws on them, are also 



iy 



1^ 

[J 



ft'* 



««^ 



%^ 



114 



CrU^EDSriLE in^STI^TJOTOI^ 



welcome to his palate. He is a large animal, weighing 
sometimes as much as sixteen hundred pounds. The 
males of these animals do not go to sleep in winter. The 
females, however, will burj^ themselves in the snow until 
they bring forth their young. The cubs are often cap- 
tured in these snow caves by means of dogs which the 
Esquimaux train for this particular purpose. 

The Bear in our menagerie is a Black bear. 

We next come to a Zebra. Of this animal there are two 
kinds, which are easily distinguished from each other. 
The true Zebra is striped to the very hoofs, the dark 
bands running round its legs like rings; tliese stripes ex- 
tend in the same way entirely over its head almost to 
the tip of its nose. The other kind is striped only over 
the body, the marks on the legs being very faint, if it is 
streaked at all. This kind is known as the Danu or Bur- 
chell's Zebra. Both kinds resemble each other in form, 
being very much lilce a horse or mule. Both are found in 
Southern Africa, and both arc very beautiful animals. 
But they are very difficult to tame, and have the charac- 
ter of being "treacherous, wicked, obstinate and fickle," by 
no means a good reputation for either man or beast. 
Indeed , we have never yet heard of anj' one of these crea- 
tures that could be said to have been completely tamed. 

But we must hasten. The terrible Boa-C'>nstrictor now 
draws our attention. He is preparing his dinner. These 
creatures only dine once in a while, but then they eat 
enough to last them for some time. Having encircled 
with their deadly coils some deer, buffalo or other animal, 
they will crush its bones, then after licking it all over they 
will commence to swallow it. This operation will often 
take some hours. After their mail they will fall into a 
state of torpidity, remaining so until their food is digested, 
and they again feel hungry. They then lay in another 
stock to last tliem for three weeks or a mouth. Tlie hot- 
test regions of the earth are the native homes of these 
creatures. They generally measure from thirty to thirty- 
flve feet in length, though some have been seen much 
longer. It is a blessing they are not more numerous. 

Here is an Orang-Outang, an immense monkey. We 
have little to say regarding him, as his haliits are but 
little known, and many of tlic stories told of him are but 
"sailor's yarns." His home too is so far removed from 
tlie abodes of men, l)eing in tlie midst of the densest tro- 
pical forosts, where the savage even, seldom roams, tliat 
we know but little more of him no\v-a-days than did tlie 
ancients. Tl)e Orang-Outang is exclusively Asiatic, 
inluibiting Borneo, Sumatra, the peninsular of Malacca, 
Cocliin Cliina and the surrounding Islands. 

Here is a wonderful fish. It is a .Sword-tish. It has no 
teeth, but instead a long bony substance extending from 
its head like a spear or sword. This is its weapon of 
oflense and defense; witli it, it will attack the huge whale 
aiul other denizens of the deep ocean. Sometimes it will 
run a muck with some passing vessel, plungii'g its swonl 
deep into its oaken sides. In these encounters it is some- 
limes worsted, being unable to draw out the sword after 
it has once pierced tlie vessel's side, when it has either to 
accompanj' the ship on its voyage or break oil' its 
weapon 

Two .lays are the last that we shall visit to-day. Tliey 
are from Europe, and are rather larger than the American 
Blue Jay. They are vrry i>retty birds, but, have very 
harsh voices, ami ;us cli.itterers are eipial to Magpies, 
'i'hey have been termed the co.xcombs of the feathered 
tribes, conspicuous for the finery of their clothes, but 
still more for their whimsical tones and gestures. 

Our ramble for to-day is ended, (iur Menagerie is 
closed and we betake ourselves homo, hoping that we 
may enjoy at some future day, another walk amongst the 
creatures of the earth, sea and sky, the Great Creutwr has 
formed for our good. G. R. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



res rw hrr 




S I Ij -V" E Z^. 



THIS metal is also known by chemists as hydrargyrum; 
it is fluid at ordinary temperatures. Its uses are 
very numerous; by it our mirrors, or looking glasses are 
silvered; it is used to form some of the most beautiful 
pigments or paints, and also in medicine. 

It is also of much importance in working metals by 
amalgamating with them; this is the reason why, in 
mining countries, it is much sought after. The word 
amalgam means a mass formed by the intimate union of 
some otlier metal or metals with quicksilver. This is 
efTected in various ways, but always by, in some way or 
other, bringing the metal in close contact with the quick- 
silver, generally by grinding them together. When an 
amalgam has been formed, the quiclisilver may be driven 
otr by heat, as it is capable of being raised in a state of 
vapor. When necessary, for purposes of economy, to 
secure the quicksilver, this may be done by distillation, 
the vapor condensing in a cool j^lace iDrovided for the pur- 
pose. 

Quicksilver is sometimes found in the metalic state; it 
is then seen as globules in the crevices of the ores from 
which it is obtained. Sometimes small "pockets" have 
been found in mines, this kind is generally very pure and 
is called "virgin mercury." There are accounts of a 
stream being occasionally broken into from which large 
quantities have been obtained. But it is from the ore 
called "cinnabar," a red rock, consisting of sulphur and 
quicksilver in chemical union (H. S), that it is chiefly 
obtained. 

It may seem strange to the young student that a metal 
can, with propriety, be called so, when it exists always in 
a state of fluidity. But this is not really true; at a very 
low temperature even Quicksilver takes the state of a 
solid, and has all the characteristic of a metal, and is even 
malleable like lead. In fact, all metals are capable of 
being made fluid at a temperature that is called their 
"melting point." We liave .seen that potassium and 
sodium may be moulded between the fingers like wax, and 
that they will burn in water, and one will melt in water 
at a temperature below the boiling point of water. The 
melting of a sjioon, in a tea-cup, one of the tricks of the 
conjuror depends upon the fact that some alloys of metal 
melt at the low temperature of boiling water; one part 
bismuth, one of tin, one of lead and a little quicksilver 
forms the alloy. 

It may be interesting to relate a story about the dis- 
covery of a considerable mine of quicksilver at; C'arniola, 
in Austria. Some coopers were working on the spot. One 
of them had put a new tub at a place where the drip|)ing 
water from a rock could fall into it to test its soundness. 
In the morning, to his great astonishment, and even 
terror, lie found he could not move the tub, it seemed to 
stick to the ground. Mustering up courage to examine it, 
he found at the bottom a heavy fluid, some of which he 
took to an apothecary, who shrewdly gave the man a 
trifle, and told him to bring over all the "odd stutl'." 
However, the story soon oozed out, and a company was 
formed for working the mine. 

Mining in that country is described as "dreadful work," 
the fumes of ([Uicksilver are very iiernicious. It is said 



i^^si- 




>4^ 



J" TJ "\r E IsT Z L Ei IILTSTI^TJCTOI^. 




that miners hold a piece of gold i.i the mouth to form an 
amalgam with tliese fumes. This would be more imagi- 
nary than real benefit. Nearly all mining is injurious 
work; being shut out from pure air alone is pernicious. It 
is well to remember that this metal, although extremely 
volatile, rising, as it does in vapor, at the temperature of 
220°, a little over that of boiling water, does not change 
its pernicious nature. It is still a metal, but its particles 
are smaller. In this state it may be breathed into the 
lungs, and produce dreadful results! Should any one 
have to work in the midst of such fumes, by placing a 
cap over the amalgam, like a funnel, the fumes may be 
carried off. Many years ago a great deal of work was 
done in manufacturing towns by using amalgam; and, no 
quicksilver scarcely was lost. For if this vapor is allowed 
to pass through cold water, the heat is abstracted, the 
mercury then falls to the bottom of the vessel and unites 
in one fluid brilliant mass, as before. 

The sulphuret of mercury may be made very brilliant; 
it is the well-known "Chinese vermilion." Its use has 
been known for ages. Beautiful colors are seen on Chi- 
nese and Japanese paintings, and fine effects are produced 
by this color and that of "lapis lazuli," or ultramarine. 
There are indications of some of these colors among our 
minerals; we may have, by and by, valuable pigments, 
and even gems to offer to the world! One thing is very 
certain; when we And a promising pebble or rock we 
should not sell it for a trifle, as the cooper did his quick- 
silver, but let some competent and /ionesi! judge determine 
its value. For, there are pebbles, and mme of great value, 
sold to the first one who passes along at a cheaper rate 
than the apothecary bought the quicksilver. 

Beth. 



JL. a-ElTER.OXJ3 TTJE.S:. 



\ CRIMINAL at Damascus was condemned to death, 
■^ and was led to the place. of execution to undergo the 
sentence of the law. With death so near, the sad and 
painful thought oppi'essed his soul, that since his condem- 
nation he had not once seen his wife and children, and 
had not been able to take leave of them. Then lifting up 
his hands he exclaimed — "Oh, is there not among the 
many who stand here one generous heart, who will be 
surety for me, so that I may go and see my wife and chil- 
dren once more before I die?" 

The cartupon which the criminal sat stopped, and there 
was solemn silence among the multitude of people which 
had assembled. The imploring, earnest cry of the un- 
happy man had struck many. The hearts of all were 
deeply affected by it. 

Suddenly a Turk of noble birth stepped from out of the 
crowd, and inquired of the criminal, "Where is your 
family?" 

"In Salahije," he replied. 

"How much time do you think you will require to see 
your family once more?" asked the Turk further, 

"An hour," replied the condemned, "at the longest." 

"And you will return here again in an hour?" 

"Yes, I will," exclaimed the criminal. 

"And you," said the Turk, now turning to the execu- 
tioner, "will wait an hour for the execution?" 

"I am allowed to do so," answered he. "But," he added, 
in a decided tone, "reflect well on what you are about to 
do! If he does not return ; in that ease I must strike off 
your head instead of his." 

"I trust him," said the noble Turk. "Set him free, and 
bind me! I am content that it should be to me as you 
have said." 



Amazed, and yet with sympathy, the crowd gazed at 
him who had shown such generosity. The criminal's 
chahis were loosened, and fastened on the Turk. The 
criminal was soon out of siglit. The bystanders now were 
full of anxiety and fear, which became more and more 
intense as the hour slijiped fast away. 

"Will he keep his word?" some whispered. Others 
prayed to God for the innocent man, whose head must fall 
if the ciiminal proved faithless. 

The condemned man ran swiftly to Salahije. Once 
more weeping he pressed his wife and children to his 
breast, then he tore himself from them, and hastened back 
to the place where the procession had halted and waited 
for him. But on the way evil thoughts came into his 
mind. Should he not save his life and flee into the moun- 
tains? He stood still for a whila, but then his better feel- 
ings gained the mastery. "He has taken my place, rely- 
ing on my truth! No!" he exclaimed, "he has shown such 
noble generosity, I dare not be faithless to him." 

The taking leave of his family had been very hard and 
sad to him, and had kept him longer time than he had 
intended, and this hesitation, too, during the struggle 
between truth and dishonor in his heart, had taken up a 
few of the precious minutes. 

"The hour is gone," said the stern executioner to the 
noble substitute. "You have made yourself the surety for 
an unworthy man, and you must die in his place!" 

The procession now moved slowly on to the place of 
execution, amid the weeping and lamentation of the 
crowd. Even the escutioner was inwardly moved to 
mercy, but the judgment had been pronounced, the order 
had besn given to him; he dared not set the prisoner 
free. 

More slowly than at other times the procession moved 
on to the place of execution. Many eyes, indeed, were 
often anxiously turned back, but he whom they expected 
came not. The hope of the deliverance of the innocent 
man, who had trusted to the honor and truth of the crimi- 
nal, gradually faded away. And now they had come to 
the place of execution. The noble-hearted surety was 
being stripped to the waist ; his neck was already laid 
bare, when a piercing shriek was heard in the distance. 
"Stop! stop!" cried the people, and the executioner let the 
sword sink back into its scabbard. 

"Yes, it is he! it is he!" cried the people with joy. The 
condemned man rushed breathless into the midst of the 
crowd. 

"Set him free!" he cried, when still far off; "here am I ! 
Execute me!" 

But the executioner was as deeply affected as the multi- 
tude which surrounded him. He loosed the bands of the 
noble Turk, at whose feet the condemned man threw 
himself, and thanked him for his generosity. The execu- 
tioner, however, did not bind the criminal, but said, 
"Follow me to the Pacha." 

And they followed him, and the crowd followed them 
too, to the Pacha, to whom the executioner related all 
that had happened. 

The Pacha turned to the condemned man, and said, 
"Speak, why did you not use the chance which you had to 
set yourself free?" 

The criminal threw himself down before the Pacha, and 
confessed that he had hesitated — that he had struggled 
with himself— "But," cried he, "I could not and dared not 
repay the generosity of this noble man with such base 
ingratitude, and thus rob all Moslems of their trust in 
truth and honor." 

"You have spoken as bravely as .you have acted," said 
the Pacha, "and now I, too, will show generosity. Go 
home, you are free! Your crime is pardoned." 

This story of a Mohammedan Turk, showing such noble 
and loving generosity, is related by a truth-loving man 
I who was on the spot at the time. — /Selected. 






'^^ 



116 



CrTJ"V^ElsriLE in^STI^TJOTOI^. 



®|$ iafintiU Itt^lt^itclon, 



CEORCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATUKDAY, JULY 23, 1S70. 
EIDITOIRIT^I-. THOTJCS-IITS. 




I N tlie United States, before the rebellion of 
the Southern States, the money or cur- 
rency of the country was principally gold 
and silver. Since that time paper is used 
as currency. These notes are called green- 
backs, because of the color of the paper 
which is used. The Indians that Hved 
here when the continent was discovered 
also had a cuiTcncy ; ^.but it was not gold or 
silver or paper. Their currency was made out 
of shells, and they valued] it very highly ; in 
fact, more than gold or silver. Their cun-ency 
was called wampum. There were two kinds ; 
the purple or black, and the white. The pur- 
ple was made from the interior portions of the 
common conch. The white was made out of the 
pillar of the periwinkle. This latter shell resem- 
bles a snail's shell .somewhat in its shape. These 
portions of the shells were converted into a kind of bead, being 
made round and a hole bored in them, so that they could be 
strung on a fibre of deer's sinew. After the whites came, 
instead of taking deer's sinews for strings or threads, the 
Indians used linen thread. When thus made these beads or 
shells were highly prized. Sometimes they were worn around 
the neck, and very frequently were sewn as edging on gar- 
ments. When treaties were made between two different 
tribes, or with the whites, these strings were united in the 
form of broad wampum belts, and were considered as binding 
as written documents are among white nations. Before the 
whites came, the labor of making these beads by hand, with- 
out the use of iron or steel instruments, must have been very 
great, and the wampum been very costly. When the Dutch 
came over, they introduced the lathe in making wampum, 
polishing and boring it with exactness, and they soon had the 
whole business in tlieir liands of supplying this article to the 
Indians. From the Dutch records at Albany it appears that 
three purple beads of wampum or six of white, were equal to 
an Enghsh penny. There were some variations, liowever, in 
its value. A single string of wampum, six feet long, rated at 
five shillings ; and in New Netherlands, as New York was 
called by the Dutch, is known to have reached as high as one 
dollar and sixty-six cents. Lands and furs and everything 
which the Indians had to sell were purchased by this kind of 
coin. They esteem it more valuable than what we call the 
precious metals. It is stated on good authority that the first 
church built on the (now) Jersey shore, opposite New York, 
was constructed out of funds, contributed from Sabbath to 
Sabbath, in grains of wampum by the Dutch people. Coin 
was scarce, and paper money not known among them, and 
without doubt these beads answered just as good a purpose for 
the time being as gold or silver would have done. 



TT7E read of men kiUing themselves for various causes; but 

' "^ the strangest instance of the kind is found in the historj- 

of Alexander the .Great. When .iVlexandcr penetrated into 



India, a man by the name of Calanus, who was called the 
wisest man of his country, was persuaded to attend upon the 
court of Alexander. He was 83 years of age and had never 
been afflicted with sickness. But on one occasion he had a 
severe colic, and he resolved to put himself to death. He was 
determined that the perfect health he had always enjoyed 
should not be impaired by lingering pains. He was also afraid 
of falling into the hands of the doctors and of being tortured 
with loads of medicine. He besought Alexander to order a 
funeral pile to be erected for him, and desired that after he 
had climbed up upon it, fire might be set to it. The King at 
first thought that Calanus might easily be persuaded to give 
up so dreadful a design ; but, not so ; he could not be moved ; 
he was determined to kill himself, and finally, Alexander con- 
sented to his request. The funeral pile was built, and Calanus 
rode to the foot of it on horseback, offered up his prayers to 
the gods, had all the ceremonies observed which were practiced 
in those days, and requested the people to be meny that day; 
after which he ascended the funeral pile with cheerfulness, laid 
himself down upon it and covered his face, and when the fiames 
ascended around him he never stirred. His fortitude sur- 
prised the whole army which was gathered around to watch 
the strange proceeding. A man must have had a great fear of 
doctors and their medicines to take this method of escaping 
from them. If every body that had the colic or other sickness 
in these days were to kill himself, men would not live to be 
very old. 

TN your reading, children, you will sometimes see mention 
■*- made of the "Gordian Knot." We will explain to you what 
it means. When Alexander the Great was on one of his cam- 
paigns he came into a country called Phrygia, the capital of 
which was called Gordian. Having taken the city he was 
desirous of seeing the famous chariot to which the Gordian 
Knot was tied. This knot was very famous, for, according to 
the ancient tradition of the country, it had been fore-told that 
the man who could untie it, should possess the empire of Asia. 
This knot fastened the yoke to the beam of the chariot, and 
was tied with so much art, and the strings were twisted in so 
intricate a manner, that it was impossible to discover where it 
began or ended. Alexander firmly believed that he was the 
man concerning whom the tradition related, and after trjing 
to untie it without succeeding, he exclaimed, "It is no matter 
which way it be untied. ' ' and thereupon cut it with a sword. 

Writers very frequently use the phrase, "Cut the Gordian 
Knot, ' ' when they wish to convey to their readers the ending 
of a difficulty by a direct method, such as Alexander used 
when, instead of untying the knot, he cut it. 

IN another column will be found the Resolutions adopted by 
the Young Ladies of the 13th Ward, who have formed 
themselves into an Association to can-y out Retrenchment. 
The resolutions of other Associations will be published from 
time to time, and wo intend to devote a portion of our space, 
which we shall call "The Young Ladies' Column," to subjects 
in which the girls will be interested. 

If misfortune come into your house, be patient and 
smile pfeasantly, and it wiil soon stalls out again, for it 
can't bear cheerful company. 

Hope is the sweetest friend that ever kept a distressed 
soul company ; it beguiles the tediousness of the way— all 
the miseries of our pilgrimage. 

Sorrow comes soon enough without despondency ; it 
does a man no good to carry around a lightning-rod to 
attract troubles. 



^ 



s^^^ 



J" TJ ^ E 3Sr I L E ID^STI^/TJOTOI?;, 




THIE 



[For the Juvenile Insti-uctor. 



THE silence of an early morning hour surrounds me, 
only tliat tlie wind is liowling around the house, while 
I am listening to the report of the little bee about what 
he saw and heard during his trip from which he has just 
returned. It runs thus : 

The Icelandeks. 
Far away, high up in the northern regions of the great 
Atlantic lies a big island, which is like the machine shop 
of old mother Earth, for the continual thundering, 
rattling, quaking and shaking of the ground, which the 
subterranean fires in that country make, is far beyond 
the descriptive powers of any one. A great many volca- 
noes, covered to the top with eternal snow and ice, emit 
incessantly fire and smoke; some hot and boiling water, 
others again fiery lava, while others, being still at pre- 
sent, seem only to wait for a favorable chance to burst out 
again with redoubled fury. Besides, the lower por- 
tions of the country are torn and racked in the most fanci- 
ful forms by the constant earthquakes and outbreaks of 
the fires from below. All the higher lands are, summer 
and winter, covered with snow, while only a very small 
proportion of the lower lands are fit for stoekraising pur- 
poses, the country being in so high a latitude that the 
people could not think of raising anything else in the 
farming line but potatoes and oats, and of this crop once in 
a while a large proportion does not attain to a degree of 
ripeness fit for the use of man. In this rocky, dreary and 
unfertile country, which enjoys only two seasons in the 
year, to wit, a summer of three and winter of nine months, 
exist and enjoy life in their own way, a fine and hearty 
set of honest people, who speak their own, but very 
ancient language in about two little towns and ten to 
fifteen villages or rather scattered homesteads. One 
would suppose that when their winter [sets in, during 
which time the sun scarcely rises above] the horizon and 
they have to burn the lamp nearly the whole day, the 
people would have to lead a. very lonesomejlife, the more 
so as then the snow sometimes covers the ground to such 
an extent, and the winds howl so terriflly, that nobody can 
venture out of the house for weeks and weeks; but this is 
not so, at least not from their point of view; for many 
times have Icelanders been brought at the expenses of the 
government of Denmark, to which country Iceland 
belongs, to milder and more beautiful climes and have 
been surrounded with every imaginable comfort, but they 
in the most eases got soon homesick and kept pining 
away, longing and sighing for their northern home, with 
its bleak rocks, snowy peaks and wild winds. Among 
these people with simple habits the life and way of living 
of one .family is about as near like those of all others as 
can be. We will see how they spend their time, especially 
during the long winter season, when there are no parties 
in a school-house, nor any theatre, nor meetings either, 
nor Schools to attend, nor even neighboring houses to 
visit. Such Icelandish habitations ^consist generally of 
one single house, in which not only the family, but also 
the cattle, the sheep and^the goats have their abode, being 
separated from one another only by a wooden iJartition. 
The general family resort is one large room with a 
spacious fireplace, big enough for the whole' family to sit 
beneath its protruding roof around the huge fire, attend- 
ing to their various occupations, while the female por- 
tion of the family are engaged in [spinning and making 
the clothes for all, and} the male members busy with 
working at implements for hunting,' fishing and farming, 
and the head of the family or somebody else of the crowd. 



most adapted for the purpose, is teaching the children to 
read and write. At certain times of the day or evening, 
however, all work ceases for the day, and the father of the 
family explains the Scriptures to his household, and tells 
them the traditions of their forefathers; the boys read 
extracts from the poets, or they make poetry themselves, 
in which accomplishment the most of that people are 
quite expert, even the young, or they engage in singing 
hymns. Although there are no schools in the whole 
country, but one in the capital place, Eeikiaoik, and that 
one is only for young men, that wish to prepare them- 
selves for the ministry, no child above twelve years in 
that land can be found, that can not read and write, and 
answer those questions about their religion, which are 
considered by them essential in their moral and intellec- 
tual education. About twice a year their Protestant 
minister makes the circuit among all the scattered home- 
steads, holding meetings with every family, examining 
the childreu and young people and spending a day or 
two in each house. 

A particular trait in their character is their great piety, 
which is the foundation of all their morals; for although 
living In such a cold and rough country, and being a great 
deal out at sea fishing, and exposed to the cold storms and 
snows when out hunting, and suffering all kinds of hard- 
ships when they are once In a while overtaken by the 
terrible mountain torrents, that are caused by the sudden 
melting of immense snowfields in the mountains, through 
the breaking out of some new volcanic fires, — drunken- 
ness, cursing or the taking in vain the name of God is not 
known among them. They are the remnant of a once 
mighty and great people, so they say themselves, and 
their country was once abounding in forests, mead- 
ows and green pastures, and thousands of cattle were 
browsing upon the hill-slopes. But the climate changed, 
the fires broke out from the mountains, lava covered the 
land and now Iceland bears Its name in very deed. Like 
the remnant of scattered Judah, they not only speak of 
the glorious days that have been, but their songs tell us of 
their hope for a bright future, that will dawn upon their 
beloved island again, when rich pastures shall again 
adorn the valleys, and the mountains shall look glad in 
their beautiful garments of verdure. 

So do we also find in those dreary lands, the old story of 
blessings departed and of hope that never dies. 

K. G. M. 



sonsro-. 



A little girl I am indeed. 

And little do I know ; 
Much help and care I yet shall need, 

That I may wiser grow ; 
If I would ever hope to do 
Things great, and good, and useful too. 

But even now I ought to try 

To do what good I may ; 
God never meant that such as I 

Should only live to play. 
And talk and laugh, and eat and drink, 
And sleep and wake, and never think. 

Then let me try, each day and hour. 

To act upon this plan ; 
What little good is in my jiower. 

To do it while I can ; 
If to be useful thus I try, 
I may do better by-and-bye. 




'■I 



lis 



OTTJ^EITILEI IlTSTie."CrOTOI?/. 



®loqpaj[iliu« 



J"0SEI?H: SHS-dZITTI, THE 

IP E. o 1= h: E T . 







,OOX after the mob fled Dr. Richards 
came to Elder Taylor and informed 
him that they hud run away, and at 
the same time informed him that 
Joseph was assuredly dead. He had 
only been aware of Joseph's fate, 
from an exclamation of Dr. Richards— 
"Is it possible that they have killed 
Brother Hyrum and Joseph? It cannot 
surely be, and yet I saw them shoot 
them." 
What the feelings of these noble men must 
have been under these circumstances can 
better be imagined than described! Elder 
Taylor writes that he felt a deadly, lonely, 
ening sensation at the news ; it seemed 
as though there was an open void in the great 
field of human existence to him, a dark, gloomy 
chasm in the Kingdom, and that they were 
indeed left alone. He says. "Oh! how lonely 
was that feeling. How barren and desolate." He 
thought "why must the good perish and the virtuous 
be destroyed? "Why must God's nobility, the salt of the 
earth, the most exalted of the human family, the most 
perfect types of excellence, fall victims to the cruel, fiend- 
ish hate of incarnate devils." 

After it was ascertained that the mob had fled, he was 
taken from the cell to the head of the stairs and laid 
there, cioon a number of persons came around, among 
whom was a physician. He took a jDenknife from his 
pocket and made an incision in Elder Taylor's left hand, 
for the purpose of extracting the ball therefrom. ' He also 
got a pair of carpenter's compasses and made use of them 
to pry out the ball. After sawing for sometime with his 
dull f eukuike and prying with the compasses he suc- 
ceeded in extracting the ball, weighing about half an 
ounce. He remarked to a gentlemen present that Elder 
Taylor had nerves like the devil to stand what he did. 

Elder Richards sent a communication that evening to 
Nauvoo, addressed to Governor Ford, General Dunham, 
General Markham, and Emma .Smith, Joseph's wife in- 
forming them of the fatal occurrence, and also that the 
citizens were afraid of being attacked ; but that he had 
given them assurances that they should not be. A post- 
script was added to Eider Richards' communication, 
which was sent by Elder John Taylor. This note reached 
Is'auvoo a little after sundown. 

The Governor arrived at Carthage from Xauvoo, about 
midnight, and another letter w;is written by Brother 
Richards, and signed by himself, John Taylor and 
Samuel H. Smith, and addressed to Mrs. Emma Smith 
and Major General Dunham, saying to all the citizens of 
Xauvoo: "Be still and know that God rcitjns ; do not 
rush out of the city, do not rush to Carthage!" The letter 
also informed them that the people of the county were 
greatly excited and feared the Mormons would come out 
and take vengeance. Dr. Richards said that he had pledged 
Ills word that the Mormons woulil stay at home. 

Elder Taylor lay in his wounded condition till near 
midnight, before the Doctor could get any help or refresh- 
ments for him, nearly all the inhabitants of Carthage 
having fled in terror. 




While the events which we have been narrating were 
transpiring at Carthage, Governor Ford was at Nauvoo. 
As we have informed you he left Carthage that morning 
(the 27th) to go there, notwithstanding he had been told, 
both before leaving and while on the road, that it was the 
intention of the mob to attack the jail and kill the prison- 
ers. After reaching jN'auvoo, the ; people were called 
together, and he made an address to them. It was one of 
tlie most infamous and insulting speeches ever delivered 
by a man in his position to a free people, and created con- 
siderable feeling among those who listened to It. Among 
other things he said: 

"A great crime has been done by destroying the Expositor 
press and placing the city under martial law, and a severe 
atoueinent must be made, so piepare your minds for tbe emer- 
gency. Another cause of exciiementis tbe fact of your hav- 
ing so many firearms ; the public are afraid that you are going 
to use them against Government. I know there is a great, 
prejudice against you on account of your peculiar religion, 
hut you ought to be praying Saints, not military Saints. 
Depend upon it, a little more misbehavior from the citizens, 
and tbe torch, which is now alieady lighted, will be applied, 
the city may be reduced to ashes, and extermination would 
inevilably follow; and it gave me great pain to think that 
there was danger of so many innocent women and children 
being exterminated. If anything of a serious character 
should befall tbe lives or property of the persons whoare pros- 
ecuting your leaders, you will be held responsible." 

While speaking he stood upon the unfinished frame of 
a building on the corner below Joseph's Mansion — on the 
same spot from which Joseph, not long before, had 
delivered his last address to the Saints. There were a few 
of his men stood beside him. While he was speaking 
there was a concussion heard, as though it might be the 
faint sound of thunder from afar, and one of those who 
stood beside him heard it, looked around with some anx- 
iety and said something to Ford, who soon finished his 
remarks. After he descended to the ground, he ordered 
his troops to get ready to return to Carthage. He was in 
haste to get away from Nauvoo, and the anxiety which 
he displayed excited comment at the time, though none, 
probably, suspected the true cause of his hurry. The 
writer was then a boy, he plainly heard the sound of 
which mention has been made, and looked around the 
cloudless sky to see whence it proceeded. It was about 
the time that the dreadful tragedy was being enacted at 
Carthage, and as a cannon was fired by the mob, on the 
road between Carthage and Warsaw, as a signal that the 
bloody deed had been accomplished, it was thought that 
the sound was the faint report of that signal. After the 
meeting Governor Ford and one of his companions walked 
up Water Street in the direction of Joseph's store, behind 
which they went and held an animated conversation. 
Here they probably discussed the events which they had 
reason to believe had taken place at Carthage ; for the 
writer is firmly of the opinion, from the impressions their 
conduct made upon him at the time, that they knew or 
fully believed that the massacre had been accomplished. 
Their conversation ended, they walked quickly back to 
the Mansion, mounted their horses and rode ofl". 

A few miles outside of Nauvoo the Governor and his 
paity met two messengers. Brothers Geo. D. Grant and 
David Bettisworth, hastening to Nauvoo with the sad 
news of the murder of Joscjili and Hyrum and the shoot- 
ing of Elder Taylor. The Governor would not let them 
proceed, but took them back with him to Bro. (irant's 
house, one and a half miles east of Carthage. This he did 
to prevent their carrying the news, that he and the peo- 
ple of Carthage might have time to get out of harm's way, 
and to remove the county records and public documents 
from that town. After he reached Carthage, and had bad 
an interview with Dr. Richards, he went to Hie public 
square and advised all who were present to disperse. He 





a"D"V"E]lsriLEl in^STI^TJOTOI?. 



^.i 



119 



expected, he said, the "Mormons" would be so exasperated 
that they would come and bura the town. He set them 
the example himself, which they were not slow to follow, 
by riding on as hard as he could in the direction of 
Quincy. He left Nauvoo about half past six in the even- 
ing, having rode there from- Carthage in the morning ; 
but he did not consider himself far enough from Nauvoo 
to take any rest until nearly fifty miles lay between him- 
self and that city! Then he thought he might refresh 
himself a little ; but he lost no more time than absolutely 
necessary and pushed hastily on to his home. 



THE Eivii^Ei^OK. F:Rj^i<rcixs. 



THE Austrian Emperor Francis frequently gave audi- 
ences to his subjects ; on one occasion a melancholy 
young man in deep thought came before him. 

"What are you, and what do you want?" asked the 
monarch. 

"I am a joiner's apprentice," he replied with trembling 
voice, "and wish to take my master's daughter to wife." 

"And what have I to do with it?" asked the Emperor, 
smiling. 

After a few moments of silence, the apprentice confessed 
that he had not enough money to purchase the privilege 
of setting up as a master-joiner, and as long as this failed 
him he could not marry. "And if I do not get the maiden 
for my wife," he ended his story, "then I shall throw my- 
self into the Danube." 

The Emperor, who had listened to the young fellow 
with pleasure, at the last words retreated two steps, and 
said with a voice of severe rebuke, — 

"Fii^! are you not ashamed of yourself— so young, and 
already so godless?" And measuring him with a stern 
look, he added, "The son of a citizen of Vienna, and yet 
with so little religion!" 

After these words the Emperor left him standing, and 
continued his audience with other persons. 

The joiner left the audience-chamber in despair. But 
the Emperor did not wish to deny the poor fellow his 
request — he only wanted to punish him first for his un- 
godly project of suicide, and to grant him his petition 
when he had shown himself worthy of the favor. 

After the Emperor had made particular inquiries, which 
resulted to the joiner's honor, he gave him the right of 
setting up as a master-joiner, and with it a considerable 
sum of money from his own purse, so that he might com- 
mence his housekeeping witli comfort. How happy the 
young pair were may readily be imagined! 

The same Emperor knew well how to distinguish 
between the expressions of love and reverence and those 
of empty flattery ; the latter he detested, as the following 
example will show. 

Once a clever calligraphist presented the Emperor with 
an exquisitely drawn double eagle (the arms of Austria]. 
All tlie lines in this drawing were formed of very small 
writing, each feather in the bird's wing contained a sen- 
tence naturally written, so finely that it could not be read 
with the naked eye. 

This little work of art pleased the Emperor, and he 
wished to know the import of the writing in the eagle's 
feathers. These contained nothing but jjraise and flattery, 
the aim of which was to laud the Emperor's virtues as a 
ruler. 

He looked sterner now, for he recognized in these sen- 
tences, not the warm enthusiasm of love, but only false 
and empty sound. 

He impatiently interrupted the calligraphist in his read- 
ing, and gave him a present, with these words, "Take 
this ; you are an excellent artist. If you were not a flat- 
terer I should have rewarded you more handsomely." — 
Selected. 



he 



A lazy fellow once declared iu public company that 
did not find bread for his family. 

"Nor I," replied an industrious merchant; "I am 
obliged to work for it." 



THE 






licsolutions of the \Zth Ward Young Ladles' Department, 

of the Ladies^ Co-operative Retrenchment Association, 

Organized June 27, 1870. 

Resolved: That we, the Daughters of Zion, perceiving 
that many duties are incumbent upon us, heartily concur 
with those resolutions, already adopted, by the depart- 
ments of different Wards, and are eager to offer our influ- 
ence for the aid and support of this noble reform of dress. 
Inasmuch, as our Prophet Brigham Young has led us 
here, into these pure and peaceful vales, far from the midst 
of Babylon, we believe it ignoble to imitate those worth- 
less and Inconstant habits acquired by the world. 

Resolved: That we are now determined to maintain an 
independence, as regards the refinement of our apparel. 
We will conform to no customs, inconsistent with true 
taste, delicacy and judgment; but the adornment of our 
persons s/(oW fie compatible with becoming gentility, re- 
gardless of the fashion plates of the day, and we will place 
before the world an example worthy of imitation; for we 
realize that the cultivation of our immortal minds is of 
more value than perishable ornaments. 

Resolved: That we make an effort to be temperate, 
avoiding the useless habit of frivolous conversation, and 
strive to become more enlightened and intelligent"; to be 
judicious in the selection of our companions, and in our 
associations endeavor to inspire a sentiment of improve- 
ment. 

Resolved: That we will carry out the advice of President 
Young and his Counselors. We feel to sustain the priest- 
hood, and every institution organized by it; for we believe 
that those holding it have a right to dictate in all things. 
We will endeavor to keep the commandments of God, and 
humbly live the religion we profess, and never speak 
lightly of its sacred principles. 

Miss Flora L. Siiipp, President, 



- Counselors. 



Miss Feakk Weixs, ~| 
Miss Mary Woolley, 1 
Miss Dezzy Wells, 
Miss Belle Parks, 
Miss Emma Wells, | 
Miss Katy Wells, J 
Miss Lydia Young, Secretaiy. 



nyniOHij^iEij j^nsra-ELO. 



THIS greafsculptor, architect, and painter, was born A. D. 
14134, in the neighborhood of Florence. His great 
genius showed itself in his earliest childhood. The ruler 
of Tuscany, Lorenzo de Medici, a great patron of the arts, 
was so pleased with the boy's simple manners, as well as 
by his devotion to art, that he invited him to reside 
entirely in his house, where he remained three years, 
treated with the greatest kindness. On Lorenzo's death, 
his brother Pietro continued to jiatronize Jlichael Angelo, 
but in a dift'erent spirit. Treating art as a toy, he em- 
ployed the artist during a severe winter to make a statue 
of snow. Owing to his bad government Pietro was driven 
from Florence in 1494. 

A few days later, Michael Angelo made the celebrated 
statue of a 'sleeping Cupid,' which was sent to Rome, 
where, without the sculptor's consent, it was shown as a 
piece of sculpture which had been dug up from a vineyard 
and pronounced to be a genuine antique, superior to any- 
thing which the art of the day had been able to produce. 
When the trick was known, Michael Augelo's reputation 




^ 



^' 



ISO 



J- TJ "V E ISr I L El IISrSTE/TJOTOI?.. 



was so increased by it, that he was invited to Rome, where 
he devoted himself to close study, and executed several 
marvelous works. By the novelty and grandeur of his 
style he created quite a new era in the arts. He designed 
the celebrated Church of St. Peter's at Rome, the largest 
and grandest in the world, as well as the magnifleent 
monument for Pope Julius II. 's tomb. 

While this latter work was in progress, his patron, the 
same Pope, delighted to come and inspect it, but it was 
interrupted bj' an accident which strongly marks the 
character of the artist. Having twice called upon his 
Holiness and not been able to obtain admission, and 
imagining that he had been rudely treated by an officer 
in attendance, he told his servants to sell his goods to the 
Jews, and at once started for Florence. Five couriers 
from the Pope hastened after him, to command his imme- 
diate return, but the great sculptor was inflexible and 
continued his journey. Arrived at Florence he was sum- 
moned by the Pontiff to return to Rome. At last he 
yielded to persuasion. The Pope received him angrily ; 
the artist excused himself, saying, that after his faithful 
services to his Holiness, he could not submit to the indig- 
nity of being denied admission to him. A bishop in 
attendance observed to tlie Pope that such persons, how- 
ever expert in their profession, were usually ignorant of 
everything else. "Who told thee to interfere? ' said Julius, 
bestowing a hearty blow with his staff on the bishop's 
shoulders, and commanding Michael Angelo to kneel, he 
gave him his benediction, and received him into full 
favor. 

The great artist now commenced one of his grandest 
works, the painting of the roof of the Sistine Chapel in 
the Vatican, which he completed in a year and eight 
months. W'hen Raphael saw it, struck with admiration, 
he immediately changed his own style, and, with the 
candor of a great mind, thanked God that he had been 
born in tlie same age with so great an artist. The next 
Pope, Leo X., treated Michael Angelo badly, and during 
his whole pontificate we cannot but read with surprise 
and indignation that this extraordinary man was em- 
ployed in hewing rocks and excavating a road for the con- 
veyance of marble from the quarries. Afterwards he 
withdrew to Venice, where he designed the Rialto Bridge. 
Returned to Rome he finished Julius II. 's monument, 
and proceeded witli his picture of the l^ast Judgment, 
also for tlie Sistine Chajjel, an immense work wliich occu- 
pied him eight years. 

The career of Michael Angelo is an example of the 
splendid results produced by great powers when joined 
with great opportunities. 

Tlie closing years of his life were occupied in the con- 
struction of the magnificent fabric of St. Peter's Church. 
He was able also to direct fortifications, adorn the Capitol 
with superb buildings, finish the Farnese palace, and 
design other works, though harassed by the opposition of 
his enemies and rivals. Old age with its infirmities came 
upon him, but he retained the vigor of his mental facul- 
ties to tlie end. He died a. d. 1503, in liis SfUli year. His 
last words were, "In your passage through this life re- 
member the sufferings of Jesus Christ." He wa.s buried at 
Rome, but his remains were afterwards removed to the 
Church of Sta. Croce at Florence, where so many of the 
great men of Italy have found their last resting-place. — 
Selected. 



Hope is the last Ilnccring light of the lumian heart. It 
shines when every ot tier is put out. Extinguisli it and 
the gloom of afTliction becomes the very blackest of dark- 
ness—cheerless and impenetrable. 






[For the Juvenile Instructor 



tiigittal |5D$|py» 



crunsTE. 



The brook with soft ripple is lucid and light, 
The sunbeams are sparkling merry and bright , 
The rosebush has put on its loveliest dress, 
And dear, happy peace seems all nature to bless; 
The days have grown sultry and busy and long, 
The school children frolic with laughter and song. 
The notes of the wild bird are dulcet and clear, 
And Summer, fair, beautiful Summer is here I 

The soul is refreshed while it fondly delights, 
To drink the calm bliss of the sounds and the sights ; 
No holier music our earth doth impart. 
Than the voices of nature borne home to the heart ; 
Nor artist could picture a landscape so grand, 
As some we may find in our own mountain land ; 
I listen and gaze, and heart, ear and eyes. 
Each morn seem to witness some new, glad surprise. 

I wonder if elsewhere on earth could be found, 
All blessings so goodly as here doth abound ; 
These valleys were dreary and desert and wild, 
But I loved their kind looks even thus, when a child : 
An infant T came to them, with them have grown, 
Yet their faults and deficiencies never have known, 
But have ever founu pleasure in calling them blest, 
And, being a dweller, to share with the rest ; 
To dwell where God reigns is a glorious boon. 
And I love my dear home and its sweet, rosy June. 
June 9th, 1870. Lula, 



THiE j^il,ft3:jlb:et. 



A is an Angel of blushing eighteen : 

B is the Ball where the Angel was seen : 

C is the Chaperone who cheated at cards : 

J) is the Deuxtemps, with Frank of the Guards: 

E is the Eye which those soft lashes cover : 

F is the Fan it peeped wickedly over: 

G is the Glove of superlative kid : 

H is the Hand that it spitefully hid : 

I is the Ice whicn the fair one demanded : 

J is the Juvenile who hurried to hand it: 

K is the Kerchief, a rare work of art : 

Li is the Lace which composed the chief part: 

M is the old Maid who watched the girls dance : 

N is the Nose she turned up at a glauce : 

O is the Olga, just then in its prime: 

P is the Partuer who wouldn't keep time: 

Q is a Quadrille put instead of ihe Lancers: 

K the Kemonstrances made by the dancers: 

S is the Supper, where all went in pairs ; 

T is the Twaddle they talked on the stairs : 

U is the Uncle who 'thought we'd be going :' 

V is the Voice which the ueice replied 'No' in : 
W is the Waiter who sat up till eight: 

X is his exit not perfectly straight: 

Y is the Yawning tit caused by th« ball : 
Z stands for Zero, or nothing at all. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &, PUBLISHER. 

fiingle Copy, per Annum $3 00. 

Sinyle Copy, for Six Months 1 50. 

*a- finiin t)rnn(;ht to tliin City for the .IiiVF.NII.r. Instrcctor 
rtwived nt the oflke of our paper— Ukskbet Nkws BiiiLiiINOS. 




