
What a sad scene! How sx> Towful these pour women appear! 
And well they may; for though the heathen religion in 
which they are brought up does not teach them the wickedness 
of what they are doing, yet they have hearts and feelings like 
mothers of other nations, and it is a terrible thing to part with 
their children in such a way. You. who are brought up under 
the teachings of the gospel, will perhaps scarcely believe it, 
when we tell you that these are Chinese mothers, who, after a 
custom earned out to an immense extent in that country, are 
murdering their little infant daughters by putting them alive 



the 'e to die. And a most tern 

How loudly do facts such as these show the necessity of the 
gospel being restored to the earth in these days! How it speaks 
of the goodness of God in doing so. By and by this gospel 
will be preached in China; then these poor, ignorant, sinfi 1 
mothers will have the privilege of obeying its laws. They wil| 
learn to value their lit'le ones, and, instead of killing then', 
they will nurse and cherish them and instruct them in the laws 
of Goi, and teach them all things that are good. What a 
happy day it will be when the people of China and of all other 





through the holes in the wall of the tomb, that they may drop 
down into the pit which it covers, never more to come out. 
In the neighborhood of the large cities of China, towers or 

tombs of this kind are provided to receive the bodies of the 
poor little girls, whom their parents do not think it worth while 
to rear. Thousandsand tens o.f thousands, there is every reason 

to fear, are thus destroyed every year. The parents often think 

that a female infant will cost them mole than she will ever be 

worth to them: and thus, to save the expense of bringing her 

they quietly take her to oi f these tombs, mid leave h n 



nations worship the true and living God and seek to serve 
Him. 



'caught a Tartar.' when 

The phrase is suppose* 



assessed 
to have 



A MAN is said to hau 

of an uncontrollable wifi 
originated from a trouper once meeting a Tartar in the woods 
and calling out to his comrade, '1 have caught a Tartar!' 
"Bring him along, then," was the reply. "1 can't." said tin 
trooper. "Then come yourself!" "Hewon'l let n 





98 



0" TJ "V IE I£T I !_. IE IUSTRUCTOB. 




It If 




ftStttttf,, 



MOITET-WEIG-HTS. 



BY BETH. 




IT will be remembered that coins were in ancient times used as 
weights. This is curiously corroborated by relics found in 
the ruins of Pompeii and Herculaneuni. Coins were sometimes 
suspended by a ring and chain, so as to slide upon a steelyard, 
an instrument used for weighing both in ancient and modern 
times. 

As some of our little readers may not be acquainted with the 
famed history of the cities alluded to above, it may be stated 
that the cities of Pompeii and Herculaneuni were both over- 
whelmed by an earthquake in the year 79 after Christ. There 
was some difference in the manner of their being buried up: 
Pompeii was completely interred beneath a mass of matter con- . 
sisting of ashes, pumice and stones, some thirteen or fourteen 
feet deep; Hcrcukneum was nearer to the eruption of the vol- 
cano and consequently the streams of lava flowed over it. Most, 
of the houses, especially those built of wood, were burned or 
broken in by the weight of the mass that rested on their roofs 
and floors. But many articles were preserved. Among others 
weights- and scales just as they were used eighteen hundred 
years ago. 

One steelyard found in Pompeii is made very well; the scale- 
pan is supported by four chains, attached to a ring depending 
from the short arm of the steelyard by two hooks ingeniously 
made to be attached when necessary. A sliding ring, through 
which the four chains pass, is made to slide up and down so as 
to enable goods to be put in the scale-pan. The weight is 
stamped like a coin and is made to slide along the steelyard, 
which is graduated so as to show the weight in the scale-pan. 
There is a ring at the end of the steelyard, doubtless intended 
to attach another ring to when necessary. But the most curious 
thing about this very ancient steelyard, is the inscription upon 
the beam: Imp. Vesp. Avg. IIX. T. Imp. Avg. F. VI. C. 
Exacta. Im. Capito. This means; In the eighth consulate of 
Vespasian emperor, Augustus, and in the sixth of Titus 
emperor and son of Augustus, proved in the capitol. This 
shows the great care taken by the Romans to enforce a strict 
uniformity in the weights and measures throughout the empire. 
The date corresponds with the year 77 of our era, consequently 
two years before the eruption. 

( )ther kinds of scales were used in those ancient cities prov- 
ing that the customs of people in those times were very similar 
in many respects to our own. In excavating the ruins of Pom- 
peii, the streets, even the houses, just as they stood at the time 
they were buried, have been cleared of the friable earth. 
There stood the stores and warehouses, the shops of the bakers 
butchers and dealers in '■notions" of those days; pestles and 
mortars, bronze lamps and stands, plates, dishes, mugs, vases, 
household furniture left in the confusion of use; things of intrin- 
sic value, coins, gems, trinkets, left in the hurry of escape, yet 
safe from the hand of the robber, but now, after eighteen hun- 
dred years, recovered to afford us evidences of the habits and 
customs of the people who lived in those distant ages. 

Besides the Greek weights, which will be noticed when 
describing some of the coins of Greece, those of Nineveh and 
Babylon are remarkably curious. They are veritable weights. 
Many of them are made in a very ornamental manner, resem- 

ine lions and other animals, known to the inhabitants of those 



almost forgotten nations of antiquity. We have mounds in 
this country in which Indian relics are found; these are gener- 
ally places in which the dead of ancient times are deposited. 
The mounds of the far-distant Orient are the ruins of once 
mighty cities, of which we read in the Bible, cities buried up, 
the material of which they were built covered over by the 
accumulated dust of twenty centuries. In the public museums 
are exhibited scales and weights, among other things, recovered 
from these ruins, many of which give evidence of the skill in 
manufacturing balances in those days, and enable us to under- 
stand the meaning of the names of coins used in relation to 
weights — pounds (libra), ounces (uncia), drachma (a weight still 
used in medecine), and many other coins that will be noticed. 



AGOOD STRATAGEM 



A TALE OF ENGLISH MAIL COACH DAYS. 



(Concluded. 



\T7ell, then, hostler, open the stage door. In with you! 

11 And. d'ye hear, be sure to take the two middle seats; 
so, one on each side." 

The guard's horn sounded, and coaehee's voice was heard: 
''Only one minute and a half more, gen'lemen; come on!" 

They came, bowed laughingly to our friend of the corporation, 
and passed on to the coach. The young lord was the first to put 
his foot on the steps. "Why how now, coachee? What 
confounded joke is this? Get out, you rascals, or I'll teach you 
how to play gentlemen such a trick again. " 

"Sit still, my lads, you are entitled to your places. My lord, 
the two middle seats, through your action and that of your young 
friends, are mine; they were regularly taken and duly paid for. 
I choose that two proteges of mine shall occupy them. An 
English stage coach is free to every one who behaves quietly, and 
I am answerable for their conduct; so mind you behave, boys! 
Your lordship has a horror of a middle seat; pray take the corner 
one." 

' 'Overreached us, by jove! ' ' said the law student. ' 'We give 
up the cause, and cry you mercy, Mr. Bull. 

"Blytheismy name." 

"We cry quits, worthy Mr. Blythe." 

"You forget that possession is nine-tenths of the law. my good 
sir, and that the title of these lads to their seats is indisputable. 
I have installed them as my locum tenent.es, if that be good law 
Latin. It would be highly unjust to dislodge the poor youths, 
and I cannot permit it. You have your corner. ' ' 

"Heaven preserve us!" exclaimed the clerical gentleman. 

' 'You are surely not afraid of a black coat, ' ' retorted the other. 
"Besides, we ought not to allow our thoughts to dwell on petty 
earthly concerns, but to turn them heavenward. ' ' 

"I'd rather go through my examination a second time than to 
sit by these dirty devils, ' ' groaned the medical student. 

"Soot is perfectly wholesome, my young friend; and you wii] 
not be compelled to violate a single hygienic rule. The corner 
you selected is vacant. Pray get in." 

At these words coachee, who had stood grinning behind, 
actually cheated into forgetfulness of the time by the excellence 
of the joke, came forward. "Gentlemen you have lost me a 
minute and a quarter already. I must drive on without ye, if so 
be ye don't like your company. " 

The students cast rueful glances at each other, and then erept 
warily into their respective corners."^ As the hostler shut the 
door he found it impossible to control his features. "I'll givey 





CTTT\T EUILE IUSTRTJOTOR. 



99 




something to change your cheer, you grinning rascal!" said the 
disciple of iEsculapius, stretching out of the window; but the 
hostler nimbly evaded the blow. 

"My white pantaloons!" cried the lord. "My beautiful 
drab surtout!" exclaimed the law expectant 'The filthy 
rascals!" 

The noise of the carriage-wheels and th 1 ; unrestrained laughter 
of the spectators drowned the sequel of their lamentations. 

At the next stage a bargain was struck. The sweeps were 
liberated and dismissed with a gratuity; the seats shaken and 
brushed, and the worthy sons of the university made up among 
themselves the expenses of the postchaise; the young doctor 
violated, for once, the rules of hygiene by taking a middle seat, 
and all journeyed on together without further quarrel or 
grumbling, except from the coachee, who declared that "to be 
kept over time a minute and a quarter at one stage: and three 
seconds less than three minutes at the next, was enough to try 
the patience of a saint, that it was." 

^ > .^>.- »^- 

"THIJ^T 1TASTY 1A. O T ST. ." 



THE other day, as I was sitting beside a young friend, whom 
T shall call Helen Brown. I was suddenly aroused by a cry 
of distress, followed by the words, "That nasty moth!" 

I looked down on the creature, and then up into Helen's 
face; and I suppose the manner of it was reproving, for she 
began at once to excuse herself with, "But is it not nasty?" 





I looked down again. There it was upon the table cloth, a 
little brown moth with the daintiest of wings, and most slender 
legs, and a marvelous power of moving itself hither and 
thither, a tiny insect which one might crush under a pencil 
with even less effort than is used in dotting an <"br crossing a r; 
yet Miss Helen Brown was afraid of it ! 

"I cannot bear them. Miss Grenville. they are so ugly, 
almost as ugly as 'long legs.' I cannot bear them, either." 

"Poor little moth!" said I, as I laid my hand upon the table. 
"'What a curious little thing it is!" 

"Oh, how can you say so?" exclaimed Helen, as the moth 
gently walked up my finger to the back of my hand. "Will 
you put it out of the window?" 

"If you wish it; but first look at its wings, and observe how 
God has wonderfully made its little frame. See its legs, how 
like threads, yet how firm and active! Think what marvels 
you might see if you had a microscope; what bright eyes, what 

mouth for a bite at mamma' s best sable skin! And remem- 



ber that the great Power which fashioned you, gave 'life and 
breath and all things - ' to this insect." 

As I went on, my young friend drew nearer; and it is possible 
that she might even have become somewhat acquainted with 
"that nasty moth," had not its little ugliness flown away. I 
was gone and I think Helen breathed more freely after its 
departure. 

"I never could bear them!" she repeated, "or 'long-legs' 
either. Could you touch a 'long-legs,' Miss Grenville?" 

"Certainly. What harm could it do me?" 

"I don't know, but they are so ugly!'' — with great emphasis 
on the last two words. 

"Are they?" 

"Oh yes, they are all legs." 

I smiled. "Are legs, then, so very frightful? Have we 
any right to despise one of God's creatures because it has a 
greater number of limbs than we have, or because those limbs 
are too long, as we think, to be graceful? You are not as beau 
tiful as an angel; but should one of the heavenly host on that 
account despise you?" 

Helen listened seriously. "I have never thought of this 
before," said she. "but do you really see anything to admire in 
moths and 'long-legs?' 

"Yes. Helen; God has taken the trouble to make all their 
thread-like limbs and curious frames, and I do not think it too 
much trouble to admire his handiwork. If I had one here, I 
would point to Master 'Long-legs' and say to you, 'Make, if 
you can, such a piece of fancy-work as one of these.' 

"Of course. Miss Grenville, I could not make one," said 
Helen; "but I am sure even you must own that some things 
are really hateful." 

"Things which God makes? Do you mean that?" 

"I suppose so. There are horrid creatures!" Here Helen 
shrugged her shoulders, so as to express the greatest possible 
disgust. "Yes, really horrid!" 

"You mean not pleasant, because dangerous. For example, 
a lion. That would tear you to pieces." 

"No." said Helen. "I don't call them horrid. Miss Grenville. 
I like lions." 

"And you hate moths and 'long-legs?' 

"Not now; I think at least you have made me begin to stop 
hating them, and to think them only a little ugly." 

I smiled again. "Only a little ugly! I see I must get a 
microscope for you, Helen. For the present you must take my 
word for it. that, although insects are. like many of us, disa- 
greeable when out of place, there is no such thing as a really 
hateful insect in the world. All are wonderfully made, and, 
when well examined, all are found to be strangely beautiful. 
Keep your eyes open, and give up your foolish fears. You 
might then soon discover that I am right, and you will no 
longer look with contempt upon the creatures which God ha.s 
made. Dear Helen, let us consider everything which Coil has 
made for all his creations as 'good;' and although we cannot, 
understand how it is so, doubtless every tiny insect has its use, 
and is a necessary part of the great whole, which we call the 
universe. Do you understand me?" 

"I think I do," said Helen; and a few minutes after she 
said, very gravely, "Thank you." 

So the lesson was not given in vain. — Selected. 



Impressions, firmly fixed in the mind, and long cherished, 
are erased only with great difficulty; how important, then, that 
the impression stamped upon the minds of children should be 
good ones. 





lOO 



J-TJ^EISriLEl IITSTRUCTOR 




^ ^ttt's °y&M$t ^rouml \\\t Iprltl, 



BY a. M. O. 



VOYAGE TO CALIFORNIA. 




THE captain's proposal was what I most anxiously desired, as 
I had seen enough of Panama and Taboga, and desired a 
change. People were crowding to California, and I felt a desire 
not only to see the country, but to try my fortune with the rest; 
besides if I wished to return home, I would have a better 
opportunity of getting on board of a homeward-bound vessel 
in San Francisco than any other place on the coast. Therefore 
I accepted the captain's offer, and spoke to him of Hank; and 
he told me to bring him on board the ship. But Hank in the 
meantime had engaged himself in the office of the Panama 
paper; he would not go on board the ship, as he thought he 
had a much better situation in the printing office. In this he 
was correct. However, Tie advised me to go in the vessel to 
California, and held out the hope of seeing me there before 
many months. He said he was heartily sick of a sea-faring 
life, and would never go to sea again as a sailor as long as he 
could possibly avoid it. I was as weary of the life as my com- 
panion was, but I was hundreds of miles from home; and to 
reach there, necessity compelled me to endure a few more 
months of hardship and exposure on the ocean. So Hank and 
I parted, after a two years' companionship, a companionship 
of brothers and friends. When we first went on the whaler, 
being chosen in opposite watches, we ''chummed" together, 
and so continued until our separation at Taboga. Our ship- 
mates were continually disagreeing, quarreling and changing, 
but Hank and 1 neve. As two friends we came together and 
as friends we parted. I have never seen or heard of Hank 
since. Like myself he may be still battling with the cares and 
disappointments of the world, with more or less success. If 
so, I have not the least doubt that it is with honor and credit 
to himself, as he possessed all that a noble nature required. 

With tears in our eyes and swelling hearts, we shook hands 
on the beach, and as the boat bore me towards the ship I kept 
waving an adieu to my solitary friend standing on the shore, 
until his form slowly faded from my sight in the evening twi- 
light. After the Rowena had taken in her stores, we weighed 
anchor and ran over to Panama, to take on board our passen- 
gers, some three hundred and fifty. The next day. February 
21st. 1S52, we sailed far San Francisco, and with a good stiff 
breeze we bowled down the great bay of Panama. Seven of 
our passengers were females. Nothing of moment transpired 
to interrupt our busy cargo of humanity in making their 
arrangements fur a long sea voyage — longer, as it proved, than 
we anti 'ipated. 

On the fifth day nut. a passenger in the steerage died. I 
shall never forget that bright Sunday morning, when the boat- 
swain bellowed down the hatchway: "All hands bury the dead!" 
It was the first time I bail ever heard the mournful summons 
on shipboard. It was the first body that I witnessed consigned 
to the deep. The body of the passenger was sewed in a blanket 
and placed mi the gangway plank, feet towards the sea. A 
sack of coal was fastened to the feet, to sink the body, and the 
ship's flag was spread over it. When the crew and passengers 
assembled to pay their last tukens of respect, the captain read 
the burial service, a prayer was offered up by one of the passen- 
gers, and then the body was committed to the sea, sinking out of 
sight immediately, leaving no mark or trace of its resting place. 



We were carried by our fair wind some six hundred miles, 
when it died away into a perfect calm, lasting for twenty-two 
days, during which time we did not move five miles. 

Our sea-bread had been baked at Panama, and through some 
mismanagement, had been packed when hot; consequently it 
commenced to steam, turned mouldy; and rotted, compelling us 
to throw overboard two-thirds of it. Our water tanks, also 
imperfectly constructed at Taboga. had leaked so badly that, it 
was discovered that half of our water was gone. All hands 
were put on short allowance, and part of the cargo consisting 
of some ten or fifteen cases of preserved meats, were confis- 
cated. With the hope of recruiting the ship, the captain bore 
up for Acapulco. at which place we anchored the beginning of 
April. 

Acapulco has one of the finest harbors in the world. It is 
entered by two passes, the usual one. about three hundred 
yards wide, called the 'Boca Chiea." between the points Pilar 
and Grifo: The bay is perfectly land-locked; the hills surround- 
ing rise abruptly, the water is very deep, and ships approach 
within a few yards of the shore to anchor. A thousand vessels 
might lie in this bay and be amply protected against any wind. 

In fact so completely inclosed is this bay. it has more the 
appearance of a mountain lake than an arm of the sea. The 
town stands o i a narrow strip of land about half a mile in 
width. The houses are built of stone and adobe, covered with 
red tiles. ' Some of them are white-washed, and have a neat 
appearance; many of them are supplied with a niche in the 
wall, in which is placed a crucifix or image of some favorite 
saint, rudely carved in wood, and gaudily decorated with paint 
and tinsel. Many of the houses are in a sad state of dilapida- 
tion. The ruins of an old church were to be seen, the walls 
and towers alone standing, which I was told had been destroyed 
by an earthquake many years before. At the extreme point of 
the town, commanding the entrance to the harbor, stood the 
castle of San Carlos, a rather imposing looking fortress, built 
of large blocks of stone. At one time it was surrounded by a 
deep trench, which is now filled with weeds and rubbish. The 
walls of the fort were cracked and split in several places by 
repeated earthquakes. In many places large portions had 
fallen down; in fact, it had a very ruined and neglected look. 
The market place, formed by an open square, is near the center 
of the town. All day long men and women might be seen 
squatting on the ground selling cocoa, beans, oranges, limes, 
sugar-cane, candles, fish, and meat — the meat cut in long strips, 
and dried in the sun. The two principal hotels, kept respect- 
ively by a German and Chinaman, were the "American Hotel," 
and the "Canton House;" neither, however, could boast of 
extraordinary cleanliness or accommodation. The palm, plan- 
tain, banana and cocoa-nut trees were the most flourishing of 
the dense, rank, tropical growth surrounding the town. The 
place was founded by the Spaniards in their early days of 
conquest on the Pacific, and owed its former importance to its 
commerce with the East Indies, through the Philippine 
Islands. This trade was limited, I believe, to a single ship 
of large burden, whose annual cargo was estimated to be worth 
from £41 lit. (Mil) to £. "i(i(l,0( III sterling. When the news of her 
arrival off the coast reached Mexico, the merchants crowded 
from all parts of the country to Acapulco. The imports were 
chiefly silks from China, muslins from India, cottons, spices 
and aroinatics. jewelry and other articles of luxury. The 
exports front Mexico consisted of silver, cochineal, cocoa, wine, 
oil and Spanish wool. Cruising off the harbor, to intercept 
and capture this vessel, was a favorite occupation of the old 
circumnavigators and the more lawless buccaneers. Thromih 





? 



J TJ "V E IN" I !_, E IFSTBUCTOR. 



lOl 




the jealous}' of the government, no encouragement is given to 
foreigners to settle in the place; consequently there is little or 
no improvement, although a regular stopping place for the 
California steamers. Another great drawback to its prosperity 
is the general unhealthiness of the place. Baron Humboldt, 
who spent some time here, investigating the climatic influences 
of tropical America, writes of it, "The heat is more oppressive, 
the air more stagnant, and the existence of man more painful 
at Acapulco, than at Vera Cruz. ' ' These are not all the 
troubles of the Acapulcans; earthquakes and hurricanes often 
occur, the dry and burning atmosphere is almost insupportable, 
and noxious insects and reptiles infest the dwellingsand torment 
the inhabitants at all times. "We found several vessels at 
anchor in the bay. Like our own. they were loaded with 
passengers, and out of provisions. It was impossible to buy 
anything in the shape of ships' stores. A few of our passen- 
gers, who had money, left us and engaged passage on an 
upward-bound steamer. The other poor fellows knew not 
what to do; it was starvation to stay, and it seemed almost like 
starvation to go. Our captain, however, had no idea of stay- 
ing: he hoped that a twenty or twenty-five days' run would land 
us in San Francisco. He. by some means, managed to procure 
twenty barrels of hard-bread, six of salt beef, and a few sacks 
of rice, and we also refilled our leaky water tanks. The pas- 
sengers and crew were called together, and our circumstances 
were represented to us by the captain. It seemed like a great 
risk to venture to sea so poorly provisioned, yet it was prefera- 
ble to remaining in the pestilential port. The question was put 
to vote, and it was unanimously decided to go to sea. 

After a five days' sojourn the anchor was hove up and we 
were again at sea. Everything promised fair for the first two 
weeks after leaving Acapulco, when we were beset by alternate 
light and baffling head winds and calms, during which we made 
little or no progress. Our provisions were entirely consumed, 
excepting the rice; and the water that had not been used had 
leaked out of the tanks. Starvation stared us in the face. The 
passengers, sick and despairing, began to lose all hope, and 
crawled about the deck in the most miserable and dejected 
manner. We were a hundred miles from land and our condition 
was truly deplorable. But fortunately our captain was the man 
for the occasion. He regulated the different messes, dividing 
crew and passengers into twenty-two divisions, with a captain 
to each mess. Three men took charge of the little provisions 
left, consisting of a few sacks of sugar and the rice purchased 
at Acapulco. Our daily allowance was one pint of rice and 
one pint of water. Fortunately they had left on the ship, 
when fitting her out. the old copper cooler, used for cooling the 
oil, when trying out blubber. This the captain had erected 
over the galley range. We had no use for the range, as wc had 
no provisions to cook. Along side of the cooler a large cask 
was lashed, standing on its end. Copper was torn from the 
side of the ship, and made into a worm, running from the top 
of the cooler through the cask. The top of the cooler was also 
covered with copper, riveted with the pennies collected from 
the passengers. This was done by two coppersmiths who were 
aboard. The cooler and cask were tilled with salt water, and a 
fire started under the cooler (now a large boiler). The steam 
going through the worm in the cask (now a cooler), chilled. 
and produced us on an average twelve or thirteen buckets or 
twenty-five gallons of condensed or fresh water every twenty- 
four hours. Fortunately our ship was ballasted with coal — 
about one hundred tons — so wc had plenty id' fuel. With this 
apparatus we managed to keep up the supply, a pint a day for 
each man. during the rest of the voyage. 





-A. VOYAGE TO THE SOUTH 
PAOIPIG TST_.^^3Srr3S. 



15 Y A M A S A POTTER. 



Ox the :;ist day of August, 1856, I left the port of San 
Francisco, Cal. . in company with some other Elders, bound 
for the South Pacific Islands, to preach the gospel to the 
natives and European people of those Islands. We were young 
and inexperienced, and not well qualified to perform such a 
mission, as to call sinners to repentance, but being set apart 
to this work by the holy priesthood, we started on our journey 
relying wholly on the God of Israel to shield and protect us 
while on the boisterous ocean. The sea was calm and smooth, 
and as we passed out of the bay we could see the white sand 
and coral reefs under us to the depth of fifteen feet. Near the 
entrance of this bay there are shoals on either side making the 
channel very narrow for ships to sail in, and on these shoals 
could be seen numerous wrecks of ships, which lay in all posi- 
tions — some on their beam ends, some with their bows out of 
water, and some with just the tops of the masts in sight. But 
worse than all. we were informed that one thousand brave sea- 
men were lost with those wrecks. ( )ur good ship passed over 
these shoals in safety, and came to Bird Island, a distance of 
twenty-one miles from the sands. Here we saw numerous 
sea fowls; at many places the rocks seemed to be nearly covered 
with eggs. We learned from the pilot that boat loads of those 
eggs were taken to the San Francisco market and sold every 
week. 

Here we took advantage of a stiff land breeze, and the seas 
began to be very rough. We were now out of sight of land 
and nothing to be seen but the white-capped waves, ami the 
sea birds sailing around the ship. The spray from the top of 
the waves swept across the ship, wetting all who were on the 
deck. Tho most of us began to be very sick, with the ship 
rolling and plunging through the heavy sea. and wc spent a 
very disagreeable night. 

Next morning came, ami the winds had increased almost to 
a gale. Our noble bark was tossed to and fro like a cork upon 
the water. The billows rolled up like mountains, and at times 
we were in the trough between the waves, and again the ship 
would rise to the top of them, until it seemed that we were 
out of water for a moment, when the ship would again plunge 
from the wave, and the watcrwould come over the deck sweep- 
ing all before it. All of the sails were furled but two; the jib and 
mizzen sails were up. and we were running at the rate id' ten 
miles an hour. ( )ur course was southwest by west. 

Seven days passed, anil our good ship bounded over the 
waves at a very rapid rate. On the morning of the tenth day 
we sighted land in the west. The captain ordered the mate to 
tack ship to the southwest and bear around to the island. At 
noon the captain took an observation from the sun, and found 
the ship's position to be in latitude Hll north and longitude 55° 
west from Greenwich, lie found that this land was the south 
cud of one of the Sandwich Islands, and thai we had sailed 
eighteen hundred miles from San Francisco. 
{To he Continued.) 



•++- 



Fretting never greased a wagon, or made the wheels oflvfi 

turn easier. 





lOS 



JT TT ^ IE IST I L IE IUSTRTJCTOB 




l!'M MvwcnWq l(ttstrndoif» 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


- EDITOR. 


8ATUEDAY, APKIL 25, 


1874. 



EDITORIAL TIKOTTa-HITS. 




tli. 





HERE is much that is said in this world 
that is allowed by the unthinking to pass 
without scrutiny, or is transferred from 
mouth to mouth without a passing thought 
or a moment's reflection as to its truth. 
It is so with many of the maxims and 
"proverbs" that are on the lips of both 
young and old, and because they are so 
common they are allowed to circulate freely, 
are handed down from one generation to 
ler as crumbs of concentrated wisdom, but 
which, when held up to the light of truth, are 
found to be spurious, incorrect or immoral. As 
many of these familiar sayings often fall upon 
(f.vS-»«- the ears of our youth, and their constant repetition 
gives them the air and semblance of what they claim 
to be, we propose to refer to a few. the truthfulness 
of which we doubt, or with the popular application of 
which we disagree. 

Some assert that "what everybody says must be true." We 
confess we see no must in the case. What everybody says is 
as likely to be false as true. Truth does not depend on what is 
said of it, or what anybody knows about it. Truth is inde- 
pendent of anybody and everybody, and still remains the same 
however much it may be praised or blamed. Yet we hope to 
see the day when ignorance, error and sin will be swept away, 
and the knowledge of God and truth will be universal. When 
that day comes "what everybody sa.vs will be true." 

v ox Populi vox Dei, that is, "The voice of the people is the 
voice of God," is a favorite saying with many in this land who 
believe in the "sovereignty of the people." It is true that the 
voice of the people may be very powerful, but it is very 
changeable and very liable to err, and, moreover, often very 
unjust, especially when the wicked rule. How different from 
the voice of God. It was the voice of the people that desired 
that Barabbas the murderer should be released unto- them, and 
that cried "Away with him, crucify him, crucify him." How 
much of the voice of (rod was there in that mad cry? 

Sometimes we hear it said, "One might as well be out of the 
world as out of the fashion." Why so? Is fashion more 
valuable than life? Does fashion add one virtue to that which 
is vicious, or make a folly wise? If it became the fashion for 
men to spill the blood of their fellows, would it be any the less 
murder because it was fashionable? Or if it were the fashion 
to take that which was not one's own, would it not still 
be stealing? Again, in things of lesser moment, suppose 
it became a fashion in Utah — as it is in some savage countries — 
for men and women to wear rings in their noses, would that 
fashion add one iota to their beauty, comfort or usefulness? If 
we have no excuse but fashion for doing any certain thing, we 
have the poorest of excuses, the weakest of all crutches. 
Remember that "fashion is the plague of wise men and the idol 
of fools. " Let none of us make it our idol. 

"Honesty is the best policy," and so it is. Rut the boy or 
rl who is taught to be honest for the sake of policy only, will 



very possibly be dishonest when he fancies it would be policy 
to be so. We should be honest from principle, not from policy; 
because it is right and God approves it. 

We are sometimes told that "Boys will be boys." We are 
glad of it. We do not wish them to be anything else. But 
this saying is sometimes made an excuse for wrong-doing or 
actual wickedness. The adage does not say, nor does it mean, 
that boys will be bad boys, as the way in which some apply it 
would almost make us believe, but that boys will have the 
ways of boys: their light-heartedness, their thoughtlessness, 
their love of fun and mischief, which years and experience will 
tone down to the stateliness of manhood and the gravity of 
age. We have no wish to "put old heads on young shoulders," 
but we have no objection to seeing young heads manifest 
thought, kindness, love and consideration for the feelings of 
others. 

"Live and learn, die and forget all," pathetically sighs some 
unthinking creature. "Live and learn!" Quite right; we 
came on this earth to do so, but not "die and forget all." 
Who, with a grain of common sense, believes we shall forget 
all when we die? If so, where is the good of our coining here 
to learn? Which is it, our body or our spirit, that learns and 
remembers? And if it be our spirit, can it not remember 
as well without the body as with it? "Forget all!" No! 
But our life with all its varied scenes, all that we have learned, 
or done, or acquired, will be remembered with ten fold vivid- 
ness when we enter that new life bevond the grave. 



ON Sunday last (April lyth) the Sabbath school children of 
Salt Lake City filled the Old Tabernacle, on the occasion 
of their first rehearsal of the hymns and songs to be sung at 
the forthcoming Jubilee. The rehearsal passed off even better 
than the most sanguine could have expected, the children mani- 
festing great aptness in learning the tunes, as one after another, 
they were presented to their notice by Elder C. J. Thomas, the 
conductor. In this they were greatly aided by the publication, 
in book form, of the words and music of the sixteen pieces to 
be sung. This is the first musical work published in Utah, and 
Tery properly is issued under the auspices of the Deseret 
Sabbath School Union, the composition and presswork being- 
done most creditably at the office of the Juvenile Instructor. 
A sufficient number will be published, at a. very low figure, to 
meet the demands of all the Sabbath schools in the Territory, 
and they can be obtained at the Office of the Juvenile Instruc- 
tor. The words of the various pieces are all original produc- 
tions of members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints, and the greater portio.n of the music is the composition 
of Elders C. J. Thomas. J. J. Davnes and E. Beesley. 



-*-«- 



STTItTIDATr LESSOITS 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



LESSON IV. 

Q. — What kind of a tomb was Jesus laid in? 

A. — A tomb hewn out of a rock. 

Q. — Who rollod a stone to the door of tho sepulchre? 

A. — Joseph. 

Q. — Who rolled back the »tone from the sepulchre? 

A. — An angel of the Lord. 

Q. — How long did Jesus lay in the tomb? 

A. — Three days. 

Q. — What became of Jesus after his resurrection? 

A. — He ascended up into heaven. 

Q.— Where did He sit? 

A. — On tho right hand of God. 





CTTT^TIEIsriljIE! I1TSTRUCTOR 



103 




TBZIE LOST S HI E IE IP? . 




The sheep is one of the most valuable of our domestic- 
animals. It thrives on situations and soils on which other 
animals would find it difficult to exist; and it affords us a large 
supply of food, as well as one of the principal materials of our 
clothing. The skin, dressed, forms different parts of our 
apparel, and is used for covers of books. The sheep is, in 
fact, so useful to 



man, that from 
the earliest ages 
it has been an 
object of his con- 
stant care. Two 
thousand years 
ago, the Romans 
paid great atten- 
tion to their 
sheep, and the 
present mode of 
treating them in 
Spain is almost 
exactly the same 
as that introduced 
by those ancient 
conquerors of the 
world. 

The varieties of 
the sheep are nu- 
merous, differing 
in size, the length 
of their legs, the 
size of their 
horns, etc. Some 
are covered with 
hair instead of 
wool; others have 
very large tails; 
and there are 
some that have 
long, hanging 
ears. The varie- 
ty most celebrated 
for the fineness of 
its wool is the 
Spanish Merino, 
as improved in 
Germany; but the 
English sheep 
produce wool in 
the largest quan- 
tity. 

The allusions, 
in Scripture, to 
shepherds and 
their flocks are very frequent 
them: 

When sheep are alarmed, they forsake the spots where they 
have been pasturing, and run together so as to form one close 
group. So the prophet Micah warned the people of his time, 
when they were terrified by the invasion of hostile armies, and 
the cruel devastation of their country, that they should seek 
for safety in their cities, as the flocks of Bozrah in their fold 
in the attack of the wolf or the lion: "I 




The following are only a few ot 



Jacob, all of thee; I will surely gather the remnant of Israel; 

1 will put them together as the sheep of Bozrah, as the flock 
in the midst of the fold." 

This creature is neither remarkable for its sagacity, its 
strength, nor its swiftness. It is, therefore, exposed to the 
a ttacks of many enemies. ; and when deserted by its keeper, no 
domestic animal is more wretched and helpless. To the misery 
of this destitute condition the writers of the Bible often allude. 

"I saw all Isra- 
el" says Micaiah, 
"scattered upon 
the hills as sheep 
that have no 
shepherd." 
''Smite the she] - 
herd and the 
sheep shall be 
scattered." And 
of Jesus it is said: 
' 'But when He 
was moved with 
compassion o n 
them, because 
they fainted, and 
w ere scattered 
abroad, as sheep 
having no shep- 
herd " 

The sheep, also, 
js prone to wan- 
der from its accus- 
tomed pastures^ 
it is apt to scpa 
rate itself from 
its' fellows, ramb- 
ling into distant 
a n d dangerous 
solitudes. And 
when it has thus 
roamed far away 
from the flock and 
the fold, it seems 
to want the incli- 
nation or the skill 
to return. How 
touchingly is this 
defect used in 
Scripture to de- 
scribe the sad 
state of those who 
are without the 
k n o w le d ge of 
(iod, or do not 
obey Him. "I 
have gone astray 
like a lost sheep; seek Thy servant," says the penitent Psalm- 
ist. So Isaiah says "All we like sheep have gone astray; we 
have turned every one his own way; and the Lord bath laid on 



ely 



will surely assc 



.■nible 



Him the iniquity of us all." So, als 
Christians to whom he was writing: ' 
going astray; but are now return! 
Bishop of your souls." 

Probably there was no animal referred to s 
sheep by the Savior and the prophets of old 



St. Peter says to the 
"For ye were as sheep 
unto the Shepherd and 



frequently as tl 
The faithful 





lOi 



JUYENILE IUSTBUCTOB 




frequently compared to sheep. Jesus is called "the Lamb of 
God." "My sheep know my voice," says Jesus. The wicked 
are likened to goats. The frequency with which sheep are 
alluded to in the Bible sbows In >w familiar they were to the 
people of Palestine, and how much they were esteemed. Some 
of the most noted men of whom we read in Scripture were 
shepherds. It was a useful employment, and among a simple, 
right-thinking people, therefore, an honorable one. 

With us the sheep is a most valuable animal. Yet we some- 
times think it is not valued as it ought to be. Proper pains 
have not always been taken to improve the breed of sheep,' so 
as to have those of the finest quality We have depended too 
much on imported cloth for our best clothing. But we hope 
the day is not far distant when we shall be able to manufacture 
the best and finest of cloth from wool of our own production. 
There is nothing to prevent our doing so if we choose, for our 
country is admirably adapted for sheep of the best varieties. 



-*<- 



m\ 



r 



Binierj3< 



O O IR, IR, IE Gr Gr I O 



p rom Chambers' Miscellany. 




CORREGGIO was one of the many great men to whom fame 
came only after death. His life was passed in comparative 
obscurity, so those who would seek for his history must find it 
in his works alone. Even the date of .his birth is uncertain: 
but it was between the years 1490 and 1494. His real name 
was Antonio Allegri ; but, like most of the painters of his 
time, he took his surname from the name of his birthplace, 
Correggioin Modena. Nothing can be a better proof of the 
unambitious stay-at-home career of Correggio than the impen- 
etrable obscurity that rests over the details of his life. He 
had attracted the notice of no authoritative judges or powerful 
patrons, ami almost nothing regarding him is on record. But 
when the merits of the works he left behind him began to be 
found out. a whole crop of legendary stories sprang up to fill 
the place of genuine biography. To begin with, he was 
represented as having been of humble origin and having lived 
in poverty, often verging on absolute want, to the end of his 
days: and the most pathetic incidents are related with minute 
circumstantiality. Thus, in regard to bis wonderful fresco on 
the cupola of the cathedral of Parma, it was gravely told that 
the mean and cold-hearted dignitaries with whom the artist 
had to deal could not see its merits, and that when Correggio 
came to receive payment for his finished work, that he might 
joyfully take home the price of his labors to his poverty- 
stricken family, the canons found fault with the picture, and 
finally refused to give him more than half of the paltry sum 
originally promised Correggio's necessities were too over 
powering to allow him to debate the point. He took the 
money, which his mean patrons paid all in copper coins. 
Correggio took the heavy burden on his shoulders. His home 
was six or eight miles from Parma, and he had to walk that 
distance under the burning heat of an Italian sun, laden with 
the weight of the copper, his heart sinking with despondency. 
He readied his cottage at last, and, thirsty and exhausted, 
drank plentifully of some water which bis childern brought. 
He was immediately seized with a fever, and lay down on his 
traw-bed. from whence he never rose. In three days Antonio 
orreggio was no more. 



Now there are still in existence registered documents which 
completely disprove all this. From these records it appears 
that there were frequent conveyances of sums of money, houses, 
and portions of land among Correggio's immediate relations; in 
particular Pelegrino, Correggio's father, wdio survived his son 
(Correggio died in 1534), left among other legacies a consid- 
erable sum to his grand-daughter, and made his grandson his 
residuary legatee. Another of these documents reveals the 
very sum he reeived for his frescos in the cathedral of Parma, 
namely, a thousand ducats, equivalent perhaps to two or three 
thousand pounds at the present day. 

It isnot known with certainty who were Correggio's instructors 
in art, In fact, he is represented by some as never having 
had a master or been in a studio. He never had an opportunity 
of studying the antique, and the works of his great contempora 
ries were as unknown to him as he was to them. Nature was his 
only guide, and his art an inspiration. All this is manifes 
exaggeration. It has been pointed out that the city of Correggio 
was not altogether without a taste for the arts, and had had some 
tolerably good painters before Correggio; and that if there 
were no specimens of the actual antique, or the pictures of the 
great modern masters, there could hardly fail to be casts of one. 
and tolerable copies of the other. There is even a story of 
Correggio having seen at Bologna Raffaelle's glorious picture 
of "St. Cecilia," and, after contemplating it for some time, 
exclaiming: "I too am a painter!" but the story is probably a 
fiction. Be that as it may, it seems to be the truth that Correggio 
was less dependent on those that went before him than perhaps 
any other great painter, and that his style is peculiarly his own. 
He excelled in coloring; not gorgeous or dazzling, but sweet, 
and cool, and harmonious tints. His pictures looked as if dipped 
in the freshness of early dawn. Correggio painted childern 
with surpassing grace and beauty; and his Madonnas have an 
angelic sweetness, which no artist has excelled except Eaff'aelle. 
If we may judge of a painter's own disposition by the character 
stamped upon his works, Correggio must have been most gentle 
and lovable, with a mind full of everything that is good and 
beautiful. < )ne can fancy him as a kind father playing among 
his childern. and catching from them the natural graces which 
he afterwards fixed imperishably on his canvas. 

Annibal Caracci, who, fifty years after, visited Parma, and saw 
the work of Antonio, says: "Everything that I see astonishes me, 
particularly the coloring and beauty of the childern. who live, 
breathe, and smile with so much sweetness and vivacity, that it 
is impossible to refrain from partaking in their enjoyment. My 
heart, however, is ready to break when I reflect on the unhappy 
fate of poor Correggio ami to think that so wonderful a man, 
who ought rather to be called an angel, should have ended his 
days miserably in a country were his talents were never known. 
Titian, who saw the frescos in the cathedral of Parma a few 
years after Correggio's death, is reported to have exclaimed: 
"Were I not Titian. I would be Correggio." 

In one of the most difficult element* of painting, Correggio 
is considered never to have been excelled, namely, chiaro-oscuro, 
as it is technically called; that is. the art of representing light 
in shadow and shadow in light, so that the parts in shadow 
shall still have the clearness and warmth of those in light, 
and those in light the depth and softness of those in shadow. 
One of the most admired small pictures in the world is 
Correggio's "Penitent Magdalen," well known to all who are 
versed in engravings. 



LITTLE drops of rain brighten the meadows; little acts of 
kindness brighten the world. 





J'CTVENILE IITSTBUCTOB 



105 




1TTJMBER. SEVEN 



ON the seventh day God ended his work. On the seventh 
month Noah's ark touched the ground. In seven days a 
dove was sent. Abraham pleaded seven times for Sodom. 
Jacob mourned seven days for Joseph. Jacob served seven 
years for Rachael; and yet another seven more. Jacob was 
pursued a seven days' journey by Laban. A plenty of seven 
years and a famine of seven years were foretold in Pharaoh's 
dream, by seven fat and seven lean beasts, and seven ears of full 
and seven ear;.; of blasted corn. On the seventh day of the 
seventh month the children of Israel fasted seven days, and 
remained seven days in their tents. Every seventh year the 
law was read to the people. In the destruction of Jericho, 
seven persons bore seven trumpets seven days; on the seventh 
day they surrounded the walls seven times, and at the end of 
the seven rounds the walls fell. Solomon was seven years 
building the temple, 
and fasted seven days 
•at its dedication. In 
the tabernacle were 
seven lamps. The 
golden candlestick had 
seven branches. Naa- 
man w a s h e d seven 
times in the river Jor- 
dan. Job's friends 
sat with him seven 
days and seven nights, 
and offered seven bul- ■; 
locks and seven rauis/J 
for an atonement 



-:o: 



by 



Trying to rise 
wickedness, is like 
climbing. a lightning- 
rod, blistering the 
hands by the opera- 
tion, and getting 
pierced at the top, 
only to be in constant 
danger of being struck 
by a fata! shaft. A 
wicked course may 
bring a person wealth. 
but it certainly will 
never bring happiness. 

IB IE 




IK I 1ST TD. 



c mple ! 
■! How 



What a pleasant picture! What a happy little 
How fond the girl seems of her younger brothe: 
interested both appear to be with the Juvenile Instructor, 
which they hold with loving hands, while they together peruse 
its pages and admire its pictures. How much better it is for 
brothers and sisters to agree, than to quarrel about which shall 
look at a book first. 

Everyone who knows these two little friends of ours says, 
■'What loving, well-behaved children they are." It is a pleas- 
ure to be in their company, they are so kind to each oilier, and 
give such a ready and cheerful obedience to all of their parents' 
wishes. We are sure that when they grow up they will be 
happy, for everybody will love and respect them. 

As we have mentioned the good behavior of our two little 
have now a few words to say on politeness, for some 




affirm that many of our boys and girls are not as polite as they 
should be. If this be true, it should be remedied. It has 
been wisely observed that politeness costs nothing. No one is 
the poorer for being well-behaved. On the contrary, it is often 
a stepping stone on the road to fortune. 

In good manners, as in almost everything else, there is the 
bogus as well as the genuine article. True politeness is born of 
a kind heart; its motive is to make others happy, comfortable 
and at ease; its imitation is a thing of art, a polish on the 
surface, not a sentiment of the soul. Much of our rudeness 
arises from want of thought, more still is the result of selfishness. 
A very selfish man is seldom a very polite man. He thinks 
too much of his own comfort to care for the welfare of others. 
Politeness consists more in the manner than in the words. 
"If you please'' can be said in a surly tone, and "I thank you" 
be uttered very unthankfully. A bow can be given with a frown, 
and flattering words be intermingled with glances of contempt. 

We should never 
forget to be polite to 
our parents and broth- 
ers and sisters. Be- 
cause we love them. 
is no reason that we 
should treat them 
rudely. Some folks 
save all their polit, - 
ness for outside show. 
We suppose their 
stock is small, and 
they are afraid it will 
not last all round. It 
is said that politeness 
greases the wheels of 
society. It is no doubt 
so, but it also helps to 
make home happy. 
No boy is a truly noble 
one, who acts rudely 
to a gir', because she 
is his sist3r; and no 
girl is really a young 
lady who snubs and 
icrates her brothers. 
It is just as proper to 
say "if you please,'' 
■uid "thank you,' - for 
an act of kindness or 
duty done, by a rela. 
tive. as by a stranger. We may profitably remember the words 
of the song, which read: 

Be kind to thy brother — his heart will have dearth, 

If the smile of thy joy be withdrawn; . 
The flowers of feeling will fade at their birth, 

If the dew of affection be gone. 
Be kind to thy brother — wherever you are, 

The love of a brother shall be 
An ornament purer and richer by far 
Than pearls from the deptli of the sea. 

lie kind to thy sister— not many may know 

The depth of true sisterly love; 
The wealth of the ocean lies fathoms below 

The surface that sparkles above: 
Thy kindness shall bring to thee inanv sweet hours, 

And blessings thy pathway to crown; 
Affection shall weave thee a garland of flowers, 

More precious than wealth or renown. 





106 



J TT ^T E IN" I H. IE I^STRTJCTOB 




C L IE .A. IR/ GBIT. 




About thirty years ago, said Judge P. , I stepped into a book 
store in Cincinnati, in search of some books that I wanted. 
While there, a little ragged boy, not over twelve years of age, 
came in and inquired for a geography. 

"Plenty of them," was the salesman's reply. 

"How much dci they cost?" 

"One dollar, my lad." 

' l I did not know they were so much. ' ' He turned to go out, 
and even opened the door, but closed it again and came back. 

"I have got sixty-one cents," said he;" could you let me 
have a geography, and wait a little while for the rest of the 
money?' ' 

How eagerly his little bright eyes looked for an answer ! and 
how he seemed to shrink within his ragged clothes when the 
man, not very kindly told him he could not? The disappointed 
little fellow looked up to me, with a very poor attempt at a 
smile, and left the store. I followed him and overtook him. 

"And what now?" I asked. 

"Try another place, sir." 

"Shall I go, too, and see how you succeed?" 

"Oh, yes, if you like." said he, in surprise. 

Four different stores I entered with him. and each time he 
was refused. 

"Will you try again?" I asked. 

"Yes, sir, I shall try them all. or I should not know whether 
I could get one." 

We entered the fifth store, and the little fellow walked up 
manfully, and told the gentlemen just what he wanted, and 
how much money he had. 

"'You want the book very much?" said the proprietor. 

"Yes sir. very much." 

"Why do you want it so very, very much?" 

"To study, sir. I can't go to school, but I study when I can 
at home. All the boys have got one, and they will get ahead 
of me. Besides, my father was a sailor, and I want to learn of 
the places where he used to go." 

"Does he go to these places now?" a^ked the proprietor. 

"He is dead," said the boy, softly. Then he added, after a 
while. "I'm going to be a sailor, too." 

"Are you, though?" asked the gentleman, raising his eye- 
brows curiously. 

"Yes, sir; if I live." 

"Well, my lad, I will tell you what I will do; 1 will let you 
have a new geography, and you may pay the remainder of the 
money when you can, or I will let you have this one that is not 
new for fifty cents. 

"Are the leaves all in it. and just like the others, only not 
new?" 

"Yes. just like the new ones." 

"It will do just as well, then, and I shall have eleven cents 
left toward buying some other book. I am glad they did not 
let me have one at any of the other places." 

The bookseller looked up inquiringly, and I told him what I 
had seen of the little fellow. He was much pleased, and when 
he brought the book along, I saw a nice, new pencil and some 
clean wdiite paper in it. 

"A present, my lad. for your perseverance. Always have 
courage like that, and you will make your mark," said the 
books 'Her. 

"Thank you. sir. you are so very good." 

"What is your name?" 

"William Haverley, sir." 
Do you want any more books?" I now aske 1 him, 



"More than I can ever get," he replied, glancing at the books 
that filled the shelves. 

I gave him a bank note. "It will buy some books for you," 
I said. 

Tears of joy came into his eyes. 

"Can I buy what I want with it?" 

"Yes, my lad, anything." 

"Then I will buy a book for mother," said he; I thank you 
very much, and some day I hope I can pay you back." 

He wanted my name, and I gave it to him. Then I left 
him standing by the counter so happy that I almost envied him, 
and many years passed before I saw him again. 

Last year I went to Europe on one of the finest vessels that 
ever plowed the waters of the Atlantic. We had very beauti- 
ful weather until near the end of the voyage; then came a 
most terrible storm that would have sunk all on board had it 
not been for the captain. Every spar was laid low, the rudder 
was almost useless, and a great leak had shown itself, threaten- 
ing to fill the ship. 

The crew were all strong, willing men, and the mates were 
practical seamen of the first class; but after pumping for one 
whole night, and the water still gaining upon them, they gave 
up in despair, and prepared to take to the boats, though they 
might have known no small boat could ride such a sea with any 
hope of safety. 

The captain, wdio had been below with his charts, now came 
up; he saw how matters stood, and, with a voice that I heard 
distinctly above the roar of the tempest, ordered every man to 
his post. 

It was surprising to see those men bow before the strong will 
of their captain, and hurry back to the pumps. The captain 
then started below to examine the leak. As he passed me I 
asked him if there was any hope. He looked at me, and then 
at the other passengers who had crowded up to hear the reply, 
and said, in a rebuking manner: 

"Yes, sir, there is hope as long as one inch of this deck 
remains above water; when I see none of it, then I shall aban- 
don the vessel, and not before, nor one of my crew, sir. Every- 
thing shall be done to save it, and if we fail it will not be from 
inaction. Bear a hand, every one of you, at the pumps." 

Thrice during the day did we despair; but the captain's daunt- 
less courage, perseverance, and powerful will, mastered every 
man on board, and we went to work again. 

"I will land you safely at the dock in Liverpool," said he, 
"if you will be men." 

And he did land us safely; but the vessel sunk moored to 
the dock. The captain stood on the deck of the sinking vessel, 
receiving the thanks of the passengers as they passed down the 
gang plank. I was the last to leave. As T passed he grasped 
my hand anil said: 

"Judge P., do you not recognize me?" 

I told him that I was not aware that I ever saw him until I 
stepped aboard his ship. 

"Do you remember a boy in Cincinnati?" 

"Very well, sir; William Haverley." 

"I am he." said he. "(rod bless you!" 

"And (!oil bless noble ('apt. Haverley!" 



We find but few historians of all ages, who have been dili- 
gent enough in their search for truth; it is their common 
method to take on trust what they distribute to the public, by 
which means a falsehood, once received from a famed writer, 
becomes traditional to posterity. 





0"TJ"VEiI5riXjE IUSTEUCTOB 



107 




tustttfns anil ^nnwttn 

OILST TIHIIE 

BOOK OIF MOHMOIT. 



REIGN OP THE JUDGES. 




LESSON LXH. 

Q.— What reason did the people of Ammonihah give for hating 
Amulek? 

A. — They said he had spoken against their lawyers and their 
judges. 

Q. — What did the lawyers resolve to do? 

A.— They were determined to remember these things against 
Amulek. 

Q.— Who was one of the foremost to accuse Alma and Amulek? 

A. — A man named Zeezrom. 

Q. — What was his occupation? 

A. — He was one of the leading men among the lawyers. 

Q.— What was the ohject of the lawyers in laboring among the 
people? 

A. — To get gain. 

Q.— According to the law of Mosiah, what wages should the 
judges receive? 

A.— They were to be paid according to the time they were 
employed in judging the people. 

y.— What did the lawyers receive? 

A.— They received wages according to their employ. 

Q.— What did they next do? 

A.— They stirred up the people to rioting and to anger against 
Alma and Amulek. 

Q.— What for? 

A.— That they might have nu.re employment. 

Q. — What did Zeezrom do? 

a.— He asked Amulek if he would answer the questions which 
he put to him. 

Q.— What did Amulek say? 

A.— He answered that he would say nothing contrary to the 
spirit of God. 

Q.— How did Zeezrom try to induce Amulek to deny the exis- 
tence of a supreme being? 

A. — By offering him silver. 

Q. —Would Amulek deny the truth? 

A.— No; he upbraided Zeezrom for his evil intentions. 

Q._What was the next question that Zeezrom asked Amulek? 

A.— He asked him if there was more than one God. 

Q._What was Amnlek's reply? 

A. — He answered no. 

Q.— How did Amulek say he knew these things? 

A.— An angel had made them known to him. 

Q.— Who did Amulek say would come? 

A.— The Son of God. 

Q —What was Zeezrom' s next question? 

A.-He asked Amulek if the Son of God would save his people 

in their siLS. 
Q.— What was Amulek's answer? 
A. — He said it was impossible. 
Q.— Why so? 

A.— Because God could not deny His word. 
n _Of what did Zeezrom next accuse Amulek? 
A.-Of speaking as though he had authority to command the 

Lord. 

Q —What did Amulek say to this accusation? 

A.— He told Zeezrom that God had said no unclean thing could 
inherit the kingdom of heaven. 

Q.— After Amulek had finished speaking how did the people 

feel? 1 

A.— They were greatly astonished. 
Q.— How did Zeezrom act? 
A.— He began to tremble. 



in est to mi mid %nswtt§ 

OUST TIHIIE BIBLE. 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 



LESSON LX1I. 

Q. — What was the number of the children of Israel over twenty 
years of age that were able to go forth to war? 

A. — Six hundred and three thousand and five hundred and 
fifty. 

Q. — Which of the tribes was not included in this number? 

A.— The Levites. 

Q. — Why were they not numbered with the other tribes? 

A. — Because the Lord appointed them for the service of the 
tabernacle. 

Q. — In whose place were the Levites chosen? 

A. — Instead of the firstborn. 

Q. — How many more of the firstborn of Israel were there than 
tho Levites? 

A. — Two hundred and three score and thirteen. 

Q. — How were the}' redeemed? 

A. — By money. 

Q. — To whom was the money given? 

A. — To Aaron and his sons. 

Q. — Who attended to this matter? 

A. — Moses, as the Lord had commanded him. 

Q. — How were the Israelites governed and directed in their 
journey ings? 

A. — By the cloud. 

Q. — When the cloud tarried upon the' tabernacle what did they 
then do? 

A. — They abode in their tents. 

Q. — When the cloud was taken up what did they then do? 

A. — They followed in its course. 

Q — What kind of instruments were used to call the people 
together in the assemblies and for thejourneyings of the camps? 

A. — Two trumpets of silver. 

Q. — When the ark set forward what was the prayer of Moses? 

A. — "Rise up, Lord, and let thine enemies be scattered, and let 
them that hate thee flee before thee." 

Q. — What was the prayer of Moses when the ark rested? 

A. — "Return, O Lord, unto the many thousands of Israel.'' 

Q. — What did the Lord do at a place called Taberah, when the 
people complained? 

A. — He sent fire among them and consumed them. 

Q. — When was the fire quenched? 

A. — After Moses prayed unto the Lord at the request of the 
people. 

y. — What else did the Israelites do that was displeasing unto 
Moses? 

A. — They were dissatisfied with the manna and cried for flesh 
to eat. 

Q.— What else did they say? 

A. — "We remember the fish, which we did eat in Egypt freely; 
the cucumbers, and the melons, and the leeks, and the onions, and 
the garlic." 

Q. — When Moses complained of his heavy burdens to the Lord 
what was done to relieve him? 

A. — Seventy ciders of Israel were appointed t'> bear it with 
him. 

Q. — What flesh was sent by the Lord to appease the cries of the 
people? 

A. — A large number of quails. 

Q. — Wh'le they were eating, what occurred? 

A. — Thoy were smitten with a very great plague. 

Q. — Who was it that spoke against Mosos? 

A. — Miriam and Aaron. 

Q.— Why did they speak against him? 

A. — Because he had married an Ethiopian woman. 





108 



CTTJ'V" B1TILB Il^STBXJOTOB. 




THA2TESGITI2STQ- 



Words by E. 
Allegretto: 



Haniiam. 




=2= 



the kingdom, 

_ <* LZZ 



Music by Proe. C. J. Thomas. 






=«*=* 



-1* 



Born in 

— f- 



Isra' 









cov'nant new; 
■jo- -m- S: 



1 



=3= 

We 
-»- 

-*- 



rejoice on 






_> — 1 



3* 



3* 

true. 




:rqv 



■J— 



SI -H 



=P 



trffS: 



=fc: 



AJ 



= :+=£: 



ra - tion 



=5^ 



•SI 



* 



to 



the Father 

-10 — \m — i U— 



Ever - lasting 



pz: L_p _l__b=p 

I 1 1 i— L 






=3* 



fe 



King 



of Kings! 



Praise to 



Jesus Christ 



'=W= 



I 






the 



Savior. 



— ^- 



For the 

-ff— #- 






IP 



joy the gospel brings. 



It 



=t=--£= 



=F 



God again from Heav'n hath spoken, 

Nations must His laws obey; 
Wo hare peace, the Spirit's token 

Of the coming Sabbath day. 
Thank the Lord for all His blessings: 

Clothes to wear and bread to eat, 
For our parents' fond caressings — 

We will worship at His feet. 



Hail! all hail! to Zion's glory ! 

'Tis the Priesthood's right to rule ! 
Joyful! joyful! Calv'ry's story ! 

All creation's in a school! 
Bless our leaders— may they prosper! 

Spread the truth with voice and pen. 
Hallelujah! hallelujah! 

Praise the Lord! Amen! Amen! 



CHARADE 



BY K. II. B. 



I am composed of 12 letters: 
My 1. 2. 3, 9, we all enjoy: 
My 8, 11, 1. li. 7. s. 9, we should always be; 
My ;;. 10, 12. we should avoid; 
My 4. j. 12. is a useful ai'tiele; 
My 7, 5, 6, 1 1, 5, is a blunder; 
My 9, 11. 12. is a weight; 
Mv3, in. I. is a title; 
My I. 4. 3, 9. is a destroyer; 
My whole is a revival. 




'I'm-: answer to the Charade published in No. 7 is TIPPE- 
CANOE. We have received correct solutions from C. Lind- 

hohn,jr.,T le; N. L. Johnson, Fountain Green; Jos. Barber. 

Jno. F. Lewis, Coalville: Mary E. Jacobs. St. Charles; E. H 

Rodeback, E. McMichael, Richville; Ella A. P eroy, Emma 

A. Pomeroy, Ursulia Pomeroy, Paris; B. A. White, E. M. 
White. W. G. White I'orterville; S. M. Coleman, Smithfiek!; 
P. Anderson, Bellevue; A. J. Crane, Kanosh; Eleazer Evans, 
Lehi; Alma Hardy, Alma: Rosalia Curtis. Springville; Sarah 
Jensen, Brigham City; Isabella Webster, Taylorsville; Mary A. 
McNeil, Bountiful; 0. L, Robinson, jr., Farmington; Morgan 
Evans, Lehi. Alsofrom E. H. Brooks. F. M. Fenton, Charles 
Reynolds, S. Christensen, Ellen E. Culmer, Mary J. White, 
M. M. Paul, Thos. Alston, B. Noall, Martha Hollingworth, 
Callister. 1>. II. Lambert. A. II. Cannon. Hyruni Stand- 



ing, W. B. Child, F. Beeslev and Helen Williams, Salt Lake 
City. 



Never Too Old to Learn. — However much we may 
know, there is still something for us to learn. It is said that 
a learned philosopher was once engaged with his books in his 
study when a little girl, a neighbor's daughter, applied for 
some burning coals with which to start her mother's fire. 
The doctor remarked, "But you have nothing to carry them 
in;" and arose immediately to get a fire-shovel to lend her. 
The child stepped forward to the fire-place, took some cool 
ashes in one hand, and placed some live coals on top with the 
other. The astonished sage threw down his books, saying, 
"With all my learning. T should never have thought of that 
expedient." 



j-XT^rEisriLE insrsTi^xJOTOK, 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



BS^RCE Q. CANN )N, EDITOR A. PUBLISHES. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, -per Annum — — $2 00. 

.^Eg-Office in rear of General Tithing Office Building, Corner 
South and East Temple Streets, Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




