\it> 



Pflliucss til tl]e ITflrli! 

f il 



'Sii 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1870. 



NO. 11. 



THE XGrTJJ^l<TJ^. 



WHAT strange creature have we here? A lizard? No; 
not exactly, but a reptile of the same order, and very 
much like it in appearance. It is called the Iguana. 

You may be surprised when we tell you that there "are 
about one hundred and fifty different kinds of Iguanas, 
yet such is said to be the case by learned naturalists who 
have paid attention to these animals. All these various 
species inhabit the hottest portions of our globe, very 
seldom being found outside the regions of the tropics. 

You will 
notice two or 
three very 
strange pecu- 
liarities about 
this creature. 
In the first 
place the row 
of sp i n e s or 
raised scales, 
compressed 
and poi n t e d, 
which extend 
all alon gits 
neck and the 
rid ge of its 
back, and also 
along the 
upper part of 
its tail. Then 
there is the 
odd pouch or 
dewlap be- 
neath its 
throat, its ir- 
regular claws, 
its sharp teeth 
and unsightly 
head. But al- 
though 80 

vicious and dangerous in appearance, for you must know 
it sometimes measures five feet in length, it is timid and 
defenseless. Yet it is very active, and when pursued will 
take refuge in a tree, and will not offer to stir unless 
aroused. The common method of catching it is by cast- 
ing a noose over its head and then drawing it from its 
position. It seldom makes an effort to escape but stands 
staring at the hunter, at the same time inflating its 
throat in a most extraordinary manner. 

These reptiles are said to form a great part of the food 
of the people of the Bahama Isles. To catch them the 



hunters visit many of the most remote islands in their 
sloops, taking with them dogs trained to the sport, who 
seldom ever kill the game, but capture them alive. If 
one gets killed, they use it for their present food ; whilst 
those who are not injured, have their mouths sewed up, 
to prevent them biting and are stowed into the hold of the 
sloop. When enough have been caught, they cany them 
alive to some part for sale, or salt and barrel them for the 
use of their families. The flest of the Iguana is delicate, 

and well fla- 
voured ; some 
however con- 
sider that it is 
not a healthy 
food. The 
animals them- 
selves, live, as 
a general 
thing, on fruit, 
vegetables and 
grain, some are 
said to eat any- 
thing digesti- 
ble that falls 
in their path, 
and which 
they can swal- 
lo w whole. 
The fruit they 
eat is said to 
possess the 
peculiar 
quality of ting- 
ing with its 
color the in- 
side flesh of 
the animal. 
sa&f:,_r ,<;^\^^~=^^»!iaF3BSj.3i»^ tw^'- They can re- 

^^ \^^^^^^''^^" niai n a c o n- 

siderable time under water, though they are not amphi- 
bious ; when they swim they do not use their legs, but 
clap them close to their sides and guide themselves by 
their tails. They cannot run fast, and place more confi- 
dence in their liiding places than in their swiftness as 
means of security. They are very sensitive to cold and 
seldom appear out, except when the sun shines. 

In San Domingo there is a species of this reptile, with 
a bony knob or point jutting out between the eyes, and 
for this cause is named the horned Iguana. The negroes 
are very fond of its flesh, which is said to resemble that 





W as 



W 



Cr TJ ^ E J^ 1 1-. E i:tTSTI?.TJOTOie/ 



■^^r. 
".^4 






of the Roe-buck. It lives on fruit, insects and small birds, 
crouching amidst roclis and trees during the day watching 
for its prey, which it seizes with great agility. During 
the night, and all through the hottest season, it retires to 
nooks and crevices in the rocks, or into the hollows of 
old trees and there passes the time in a state of lethargy 
or stupor. This species generally measures about four 
feet long. 

There are a great number of other kinds of this reptile, 
varying slightly from the one in the picture, some in one 
way and some in another. But from the one here repre- 
sented you can form a good idea of the whole family, 
whilst perhaps a lengthened description of the various 
peculiarities of the ditfereut kinds might be difficult for 
you to understand, and consequently tedious and not in- 
structive. We will therefore forbear, and bid adieu to 
the Iguanas for to-day. 

G. R. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



^"^tmhh^ al Jlamntott i5|ittn$. 



Cj-OHiJD-J^TJTbTJ 3vl. 



THIS metal, in its native state, is found in some of our 
rocks. It may be distinguished from "fools' gold," 
as pyrites is called, by its pecilliar color and lustre, as well 
as by its malleability. Gold is not so brilliant, when seen 
in ores, as many of our specimens of sulpliur and iron 
minerals are. The "Peacock stone" is found in this Ter- 
ritory, for brilliance and variety of color, it far surpasses 
the showy pyrites that so often deceive those who are 
eagerly seeking for gold. 

There is a great tendency, dear children, for even men 
to forget themselves when there is great excitement about 
gold. It is a metal everybody will give something else 
for; that is, it is readily saleable. And this is not an ac- 
count of its great utility, there are many other metals 
more useful. But, gold is very beautiful, and capable of 
being beaten out into thin leaves, so that a little of the 
metal makes a great display. The pipes of our magnifi- 
cent organ are covered with this precious metal; for 
adorning the house of the Lord, and for the sacred vessels, 
no doubt gold is the proper metal. Perhaps, also, for 
goblets to contain the ricli juices of the grape, and other 
fruits, it is the proper metal. For preparing food, also, it 
may be used, when men are wise enough to know the 
true uses of gold. 

The reason gold is so valuable for purposes of adorn- 
ment and for food vessels is, its indestructibility. It does 
not corrode by the action of the atmosphere, nor by vege- 
table acids. Aq\ia regia (nitric and hydro-chloric acids 
combined) is its solvent. C'lilorine then attacks the gold, 
forming a chloride of gold. Many very beautiful "engrav- 
ings" upon steel are made by using this "solution of 
gold." Swords aud large instruments are in this way 
made to appear very elegant. Gold is also "plated" on 
metals. For this purpose an "amalgam" is made by dis 
solving gold in quicksilver. Thi^ amalgam is spread 
evenly over the surface, and then placed over a charcoal 
fire to drive oil' the quid- silver, which passes up the 
chimney, aud may be "condensed" by proper contriv- 
ances. 

When the mercury (quicksilver) has all evaporated, a 
thin lilm of gold remains on the surface of the inrerior 
metal. This has a dull yellow color, called "dead gold." 



To make this brilliant, it is "burnished" with an instru- 
ment made of the hardest steel; soap and water being 
used to lubricate the surface while "burnishing. " Some- 
times only a part is burnished, according to taste. Years 
ago this was a common mode of gilding metals; the arti- 
ficer performing the operation was called a "water gilder." 
Now, gold is spread over the surface of metals by the 
Eikington process, sometimes called the "electrotype pro- 
cess." In this method the gold is dissolved in a "bath," 
and the metal to be gilt is dipped in the solution. To 
precipitate the gold on the metal, it is necessary to attach 
it to the opposite poles of a galvanic battery. As soon as 
the "circuit" is complete, gold, (or silver, as the case may 
be), is deposited. This process may be more fully 
described by and by. 

There is another mode of gilding that may be alluded 
to, "writing with gold." For this purpose gold leaf is 
ground upon marble, in water, until an impalpable pow- 
der is formed. This is mixed witli gum water (mucilage 
of gum arable); on writing with this fluid gold is deposited 
on the surface. But, as there is much more to be said 
about gold, we must wait for further space. 

Beth. 



HIO'W THEE C3-TJ^l<Trr "W-.A.S 

o.axjc3-h:t j^i<tid set to 



vrORE than twenty-five hundred years ago, an old 
^^ Greek philosopher noticed that amber, when rubbed, 
had a strange power of attracting to itself light bodies, 
such as straws, hair, aud small sticks. The philosopher 
wondered and speculated about this, and made mention 
of it in his writings ; but he died without having found 
out any good reason for it. At intervals of several hun- 
dred years, two or three other of the wise men of ancient 
times spoke of this peculiar power of amber and other 
substances. They made mention, too, of a queer fish, 
that gave shocks to any animal that came in contact with 
it. They also noticed— just what you must have seen 
many times— that when they took off their clothes on a 
cold night they heard a crackling noise, and saw sparks 
of light, and that tlieir hair, on being combed, crackled 
and sparkled, and that a cat's back, when rubbed the 
wrong way, gave out sparks. For more than two thou- 
sand years, generation after generation of men and 
women lived, noticed these queer things, and, like the 
old Greek, died without having found out any reason for 
them. 

But, about the year sixteen hundred, an Englishman, 
named Dr. Gilbert, set to work trying experiments; and 
lie found out that not only amber, but many .other sub- 
stances had, when rubbed, this power of attraction. 
Slowly and patiently he worked. When people want to 
find out a scientific truth, they don't do it by a lucky 
guess, or a series of lucky guesses. Sometimes it takes a 
wliole lifetime of experiment and observation to arrive at, 
and establish, one little fact in science. Many learned 
men became interested in the discoveries of Dr. Gilbert; 
there was some strange power of attraction hidden in 
these bodies which they could not account for or under- 
stand. They made machines to try exi)erimeuts ; they 
spent their time, and money, and brains, in finding out 
the truth ; and tliey found ouu a great deal of truth about 
this wonderful electric influence. 

Some of the wise men, too, had their suspicions that 
electricity was the same as lightning, the sparkle corres- 
ponding to the flash, the crackling noi.se to the thunder; 
but tliey hud no way to prove their suspicious to be true ; 



I 



'>*i^''e^3 



-^ 



3^^^ 






0" TJ "V^ E IsT I L El IIsrSTE/TJOTOI^, 



83 



they had no Way of going up to the clouds to examine the 
lightning, and they had uo way to bring it down to 
earth. 

But Benjamin Franklin, our famous American citizen, 
got a notion into his wise head that, if he could get on 
top of a high steeple during a thunder storm, he could 
get enough lightning to experiment with. There were 
no high steeples in Pliiladelphia, where he lived, at that 
time ; however, there was a very tall one in the process of 
building, but tlie worli went on so slowly that Dr. Frank- 
lin grew tired of waiting and he thought of another way. 
He made a kite, the most famous kite that ever went 
sailing up from this round world of ours. It was a small, 
cross shaped kite, just like any boy's kite, only it was 
covered with thin silk instead of paper, for the rain would 
have spoiled paper; and it had some sharp, metallic 
points sticking out from the corners. It was a gallant, 
little messenger ; it rode fearlessly on the wings of the 
wind, away up into the black sky; it entered bravely at 
the portals of a dark and threatening cloud. 

"Good morning, thunder and lightning." called out 
the little messenger; "my master sent me to inquire if 
you are any relation to the snaps and sparkles he makes 
in his electrical machine. If you are, just send a shock 
down this tow string; my master has hold of the other 
end, and he will understand what you mean in a minute." 
"Mind your own business," returned thunder and 
lightning, with a terrible flash and groan. "If your 
master wants to know about my family relations he must 
find out in some other way ; that tow string will carry uo 
messages of mine." 

At this the tow string began to bristle up and look ex- 
cited, and the rain water that had been keeping house 
in the next-door cloud, and was just starting earthward, 
flashed out angrily. 

"Thunder and lightning! you are too proud to own 
your poor relations! Ever since the world was made you 
have been careering through the heavens, witli your great 
flashings and groanings, pretending that you did not have 
anything to do on the earth, except to frighten men to i 
death, and tumble down their houses. But I'll tell of 
you; I'll soon let that wise man know that you are not a 
terrible and mysterious heavenly being, but a very com- 
mon resident of earth, just as I am. I've been aching to 
tell about you for thousands of years, but I never found 
any one on earth wise enough to understand my talk." 

Thunder and lightning roared and flashed in great fury, 
when they heard this, but rain water did slide down the 
tow string with great glee, and with a series of jerks and 
shocks, soon informed the wise doctor all he wanted to 
know about the distinguished relations of electricity. 
That must have been a sad day for the old giant, that had 
ranged the heavens and terrified ihe earth since the crea- 
tion ; he must have felt humbled when he had to come 
down the string and get into a bottle, and perform ex- 
jerimentsfor the doctor. 

Ah ! but it was a great day for the world. The wise 
doctor laughed in glee, and all the wise men all over tlie 
world laughed and rejoiced at the news, when they heard 
it. 

So the people lost their terror of this giant; and he did 
not dare to go zigzaging around through the air, knock- 
ing down people's houses, for the people put sharp-pointed 
rods of iron on their houses, and the great giant did not 
dare to touch a house thus protected, for the sharf) sen- 
tinel was ever on the lookout, 

"Don't touch my house! This way, my friend. I'll 
take you safe to a good place." And the first thing the 
old giant knew, he was whisked underground, tight in 
prison, where he could do no mischief. 



But men were not content to keep the old fellow out of 
mischief; they longed to set him to work. The chemists 
found out how to make him useful in their laboratories. 
The doctors set him to healing their patients, and the 
silversmiths made him plate their wares. But still some 
wise men were sure that he was able to do many more 
useful things. They were certain that if they could only 
invent the right sort of a road, and the right sort of a 
harness, they could make the great giant ^travel from 
place to place, carrying the news. 

"Ah !" said the wise men, "he is just the one to carry 
the news ; he is so strong, so tireless, so swift, so secreo — 
just the one, if we can only make him do it." 

So they worried their wise heads night and day for 
many a year ; they devised plans and invented machines. 
But the old giant laughed their plans to scorn ; he broke 
their machines, he shocked and stunned the wise heads 
themselves. He pranced away from them and danced In 
the air. 

"Ha! ha!" he would shout. "Do you think you can 
harness me and set me to work? I am free ; all the earth 
is my home and my hiding place. What are you, O man, 
that I should serve you? You cannot see me; you cannot 
hold me ; you cannot measure me ; you cannot direct and 
govern me. My Creator has set me bounds and laws. I 
obey Him and them." 

Then the wise men made answer, with reverence and 
faith sublime. 

"Sons and heire of God, your Creator, are we. All the 
sultle forces and great powers of nature are made for us, 
and shall minister unto us. Our heritage waits till we, 
through wisdom, shall enter into it and possess it. You 
shall yet serve us, proud Force ; according to your own 
laws, you shall work out our will." 

You remember, in olden time, that a small pebble 
stone slew the great Goliah, of Gath. So it happened, a 
quarter of a century ago, that a small thought entered 
into a wise man's head, and dwelt there until it worked 
itself out into life, and action, in the shape of Morse's 
American Telegraph. 

And the old giant knew, as soon as he saw this machine, 
that he was caught and harnessed, and must go to work. 
He knew he was mastered, so he never winced or flinched 
the least bit; he settled himself to the traces, the harness 
fitted so well he could not keep from working in it, the 
road suited his tastes far better than the old, ragged, zig- 
zag route he use^l to engineer out for himself. 

All over the round world, to-day, the track of the giant 
is gleaming in crystal and steel ; from north to south, 
from east to west, in the heavens above, in the earth 
beneath, and in the waters under the earth, he ceases not 
to toil for man. Silent, omnipresent, sleepless, and tire- 
less, this grand ally of civilization, with his heart of fire 
and his sinews of steel, keeps the deep pulses of humanity 
throbbing with the same beat, rejoicing for the same joy, 
mourning for the same sorrow. 

So the giant works joyfully in the service of mankind ; 
he works according to his own nature, he obeys the laws 
that were set for him from the creation of the world ; 
when the mind of man comprehended these laws, it con- 
quered him. 

The earth is a great storehoise of occult forces ; the 
strong men and wise men of the future shall draw the 
bolts, and turn the rusted keys, and bring forth its hid 
treasure to enrich and exalt the whole human race. Boys 
and girls, knowledge and thought are the keys; grasp 
them surely, use them skillfully, enter upon the heritage 
secured to you from the beginning of time. — Selected. 









?■ 




^-^ 84: 



'•^^ 



Cr TJ ^ST E IN" I L E in^STI^TJOTOI^. 



:i< 




CEORCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY; MAY 28, 1870. 




HERE are many persons who seem to 
live in iierpctiial fear of the e\'ils which 
they imagine are going to happen to 
them. In other words, they are always 
looking ahead and borrowing trouble. It 
is not the difficulties they then have which 
afflict them so much as it is those which 
they expect to have. This is a miserable 
condition in which to live; and where this 
babit is formed, there is but little enjoyment in 
life. The Lord Jesus told His discii)les to "take 
no thought for the morrow: for the moiTOw 
.shall take thought for the things of itself Suf- 
ficient unto the day is the evil thereof" This 
His elders in these days have proved to be excellent 
counsel. When on missions they have found that the 
^^^v Lord who takes care of and provides for them one da}* 
■^A is fully able to do so the next; therefore they live by 
faith, and they take no thought for the morrow, borrow no 
trouble and are happy. The Lord never fails to do His part, 
and they have all their wants supplied. But suppose an elder 
who is on a mission, traveling and jireaching to the people, 
should forget the Lord's counsel and say: "I have found 
friends in this village or town who have opened their house to 
me, and given me food and lodging; but where will I find 
friends when I leave here and go to another place? Oh, dear, 
I wish I knew how I would get food and lodgings to-morrow." 
Would he not grieve the spirit and luse all enjoyment? Cer- 
tainly he would. The good food and the go(id bed which he 
then had, he could not enjoy because he would be filled with 
fear that when he went away he would not find friends to 
receive him. But the man who remembers that "sufficient 
unto the day is the evil thereof, ' enjoys the present, and he 
Kiys, "the Lord who has provided for me to-day, will also fur- 
nish mo what I need to-morrow," and he rejoices jin, and is 
thankful for, what^he has received, and has faith in the pro- 
mises of the Lord. 

Children, this is the feeling for you to cultivate. Do right, 
put ydiu' trust in (jod, and be hajipy to-day. When j-ou do 
no wrung you need not be afraiil of to-morrow, or the trouble 
that lies in the future. It is only those who sin who have 
cause to fear. But Latter-day Saints should be the most 
happy and joyous people u]ion the face of the earth. 

There is a sun-dial in \'euice wliich has written ujion it the 
motto; "I count only the hours that are serene." What a fine 
lo.H.son is conveyed to Uike no note of time but by its benefits — 
to watch only fir smiles, and to corapo.se our lives of bright 
and gentle niduicnts — turning always to the sunny side of 
things, and not indulging in self-torment by bon-owing trouble 
and imagmiug that all kinds of evil things are going to happen! 



ScANDAi., like a kite, to fly well depends greatly on the 
leuKth of the tale it has to Ciirry. 






H.\BIT is a cable. We weave a thread of it every day, 
and at last we cannot break it. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 



©rigittal J^o^lti^ 



IIP -WE C^lsr BE 3yLO"E?.E 
BLEST. 



If Earth can be more lovely, 

In a cele.stial state ; 
How wise must be our Father, 

How good, how kind, how great 1 

For I can tind some blessing, 

In all I hear and see ; 
All nature seemeth grateful, 

And happy, glad and free. 

If richer gems of beauty. 
Shall yet adorn the earth ; 

And higher gifts of wisdom, 
Who can describe their worth ? 

It surely is worth striving, 

To do our very best. 
To live for life eternal ; 

If it can be more blest. 



LULA. 



Wednesday, June 15th 1870. 



Curious Show at Venice. —At Venice they exhibit 
shows in the streets; one is very curious. 

A number of young men lay poles across each others 
shoulders; then' others get upon them, and build them- 
selves up as we do card-houses, into a pyramid, so that 
you see a building of men — sometimes four or live rows of 
them up in the air, one rising above the other. The 
bottom or base is composed of the largest number; it 
grows smaller and smaller till you come to the tcp, and 
tlieu a little boy represents the point of the pyramid. This 
is a very curious sight, but suddenly the little boy leaps 
ofl', and is caught in the arms of tliose below, and in the 
same manner one leaps off after another, and the whole 
building falls to pieces amidst the shouts and laughter of 
the spectators. — Selected. 



SiCJNS OF THE Zodiac. — The Japanese, who live on 
some Asiatic Islands, give the following names to the 
twelve signs of the Zodiac. The first they call the rat ; 
the second the cow; the third the tiger; the fourth the 
hare; the fifth the dragon; the sixth the serpent; the 
seventh the horse ; the eighth the sheep; the ninth the 
ape; the tenth the cock; the eleventh the dog; and the 
twelfth the bear. 

The Emperor was born under the eleventh sign, the 
dog; consequently he had a great fondness for the animal, 
and he published an edict in which he ordered that all the 
dogs that .iied within his doniiiiions should be carried to 
the top of a mountain, and be there buried with great 
ceremony. An infirm old man lost a large noble dog ; it 
weighed almost as much as himself, but he was obliged to 
toil up the mountain with it. On his way he could not 
refrain from murmuring at his burden ; be thankful, said 
his neighbor, that it is no worse ; the Emperor might have 
been born under the sign of a horse, which would have 
been far heavier to carry. There is scarcely any trouble 
that comes upon us that might not have been greater, and 
this is the view we ought to take of our afllictious.— AS'efec<- 
ed. 



'^ 



M^ 



I 




CTTJ "V El IT I Xj E Il^STIRTJOTOI^, 



■^^^! 



85 



THIE HDOO ^2<rr) ti3:e 



[For the Juvenile Inatruotor. 



THE above picture represents the gratitude of the raven 
for faVora couferred by the dog at some time. Seeing 
his benefactor lame and in distress, the raven naturally 
feels for him, and contril'Utes his mite and testifies his 
gratitude by presenting Ponto with a bone. Ponto no 
doubt teels duly grateful and hangs out his tongue, wags 
his expressive tail and says "a thousand thanks," as 
plainly as a dog can speak. Dogs are very intelligent 
animals, perhaps more so than any of the quadrupeds, 
(that is four footed animals.) Numerous instances are 
recorded of their 
almost human 
sagacity. They 
frequently b e- 
come very much 
attached to their 
ma sters, and 
when this is the 
case Jio induce- 
ments can per- 
suade them to 
ahaudon their 
trust. We once 
owned a large 
black dog in this^ 
city, a mastift, 
which was very 
remarkable i n 
this respect. It 
was not safe for 
an Indian or a 
stranger to enter 
the yard unless 
he had an in- 
troduction to Watch. He was very fond of a span of bay 
horses we drove, and it was the hight of his ambition to 
be permitted to run along with them and guard them and 
the wagon or carriage. Sometimes he would follow them 
to the pasture and remain with them, guarding them, day 
after day, and woe to the unfortunate wight who attempt- 
ed to interfere with them unless Watch Jtnew him. 



There was one very laughable circumstance illustrating 
his character, which I think I will relate. We had a 
black horse named Jack, who was a very exemplary 
animal except in one respect, when at large he would 
kick on tlie slightest provocation. Jack had broken loose 
and was busily employed in filling himself on a shock of 
wheat in the upper part of the garden, when there being 
no man about, one of the girls tried to drive him away ; 
but Jack did not take that view of tlie subject, he insisted 
on eating what he wanted, and backing up towards the 

young lady shot 
tut his heels 
rapidly once or 
twice until there 
was a cessation 
of hostilities; he 
then went on 
very leis u r e 1 y 
with his eating. 
But a strange 
man was called 
to master Mr. 
Jack, and he. 
would probably 
have succeeded, 
but now Watch 
took the matter 
in hand. He 
could not see 
t'le necessity for 
oiling in any 
foreign power, 
and was not 
disposed to sub- 
mit to it, and being a large, powerful animal, the man 
thought discretion the better part of valor and retired 
in good order, leaving the field to Jack and his faith- 
ful companion. Many instances might be adduced to 
show the sagacity and faithfulness of dogs, but this 
article is already extended beyond our intention and we 
desist. ^'* 




J^IT J^IDIDI^ESS TO BOYS. 



WE make the following pleasant extract from an 
address delivered by Oliver Dyer before the young 
men of Packard's Business College of New York. The 
suggestions made are excellent: 

"Captain Marryatt mentions, in one of his works, that a 
certain British man-of-war, in stress of weather, was on a 
lee shore and in danger of being dashed on the rocks, and 
had to kedge out as the sailors call it. They would throw 
in an anchor and veer around and then cut that cable, and 
then throw in another anchor and veer around again and 
cut that cable, and so work off, little by little, if possible 
to turn the dangerous point. And when they came to 
tlie supremely critical moment, the Captain and the 
First Lieutenant took the wheel— it being customary 
according to Captain Marryatt, for the Captain and First 
Lieutenant of a British man-of-war to do this at tliat 
moment when it is necessary to have the best trained 
and tiie best nerve there — and as they took the wheel the 
Captain said to the first Lieutenant quietly, 'Now, Mr. 
Johnson, we shall see what you were about while we were 
lying in port.' Do you know what that meant, boys? It 
meant that if that First Lieutenant, while lying in port, 



had done his duty (which is to see that everything about 
the ship and rigging is in perfect order), so that every 
mast and spar and sail and rope and ratline on that ship 
would hold and draw just right, that they would then 
weather that point. And they did just make it. But if 
the least of those ropes had given away, they would have 
been dashed to pieces on the rocks. And the point with 
you, you will find at every critical period of your lives, 
will be, what have you been doing while lying in port? 
How have you been spending your leisure time? Have 
you been getting your ship ready to weather the point 
when the critical hour shall come? Have you been 
saving up your money, and studying hard to fit your- 
selves for any position that may come in your way. And 
remember that it is what you do while lying in port, 
during your leisure hours, and your evenings, your 
Sabbaths that is going to tell. Do you spend your even- 
ings in some idle amusement, and your hard-earned 
money for friperries— things that are of no use to you? 
Or do you save your money? Do you study evenings ? Do 
you spend your evenings at home with your mother and 
sisters, drinking in that strength which can come only 



K«> 




6^ 



0" tJ "V E IsT I L :E] UsTSTZR/TJOTOI^. 



m 



through their love? Are you ready, wheu the storm 
comes, to depend for salvation upon liow you spent your 
evenings and Sabbaths? Where do you go on Sunday? 
Do you go off on pleasure excursions, or do you go to 
meeting? Do you connect yourself with Sabbath schools, 
and with the great movements of the day, and take an 
interest in all these great questions that are now coming 
upon us? Your future welfare will depend on all these 
considerations. " — Selected, 



Blopajpig. 



j'OSEi'ia: snyciTu, the 

i= I?. O IP H E T . 




, URING the night of the 26th of June 
Joseph was wakeful and evidently im- 
pressed with forebodings of the fate 
that awaited hira. They did not retire 
to bed until a late hour. Joseph and 
Hyrum occupied the only bed in the 
room, while their friends lay side by side 
on the matresses on the floor. The re- 
port of a gun fired close by the jail 
caused Joseph to arise, leave the bed and 
lay himself on the floor. He laid down bet- 
ween Brother John S. Fullmer, who was on 
his right, and Brother Dan Jones who was 
on his left. Joseph laid out his right urm, 
and said to Bro. Fullmer "Lay your head 
on my arm for a pillow, Bro. John ;" and when 
all were quiet they conversed in a low tone about 
the prospects of their deliverance. Joseph had 
presentiments that he had to die, and so expres- 
sed himself; but said "I would like to see my family 
again" and "I would to God that I could preach to the 
Saints in Nauvoo once more." Bro. Fullmer tried to cheer 
him, saying, he thought he would often have that privi- 
lege. Joseph thanked him for the remarks and good feel- 
ings expressed by him. 

Dr. Richards had been sitting up writing, and when he 
finished, he retired to the bed which Joseph had left. 
When all were apparently fast asleep Joseph asked 
Brother Dan Jones, in a whisper, "Are you afraid to 
die?" 

He replied "Has that time come think you? Engaged 
in such a cause I do not think _that death would have 
many terrors." 

Joseph said to him, "You will yet see Wales and fulfill 
the mis.sion appointed you before you die." 

In the morning Joseph rec(uosted Bro. Jones to descend 
to make some incjuiries of the guard at the jail respecting 
the noise made in the night. Tlie officer of the guard 
wa-s a man by the name of Frank Worrell ; he was one 
of the Carthage Greys. He replied.very bitterly to Bro. 
Jones's inquiries, and said: 

"We have had too much trouble to bring old Joe here to 
let bini ever escape alive, and uuless you want to die with 
him, you ha<i better leave beiore sundown ; and you are not a 

d d bit better tbau him for taking bis part, and you'll 

st« that 1 can prophecy Letter than oM .Joe, for neither lie nor 
his brother, nor anyone who will remain with them, will see 
the sun set to-day." 

Josepli tlien directed Bro. Jones to go to Governor Ford 
and inform him what he had been told by the officer of 
the guard. While going on this errand, he saw an assem- 
blage of men, and heard one of them, who was apparently 



a leader, making a speech. Among other remarks he 
said: 

"Our troops will be discharged this morning in obedience 
to orders, and tor a sham we will leave the town ; but when 
the Governor and the McDonough troops have left for Nauvoo 
this forenoon, we will return and kill those men, if we have to 
tear the jail down." 

This sentiment was applauded by three cheers from the 
crowd. 

To the Governor Captain Jones told what had occurred 
in the night, what the officer of the guard had said and 
what he had heard while coming to see him ; and he 
earnestly besought him to avert the danger. Ford re- 
plied: 

"You are unnecessarily alarmed for the fate of your friends, 
sir ; the people are not that cruel." 

Irritated by these remarks Jones urged the necessity of 
placing better men to guard them than professed assassins, 
and said; 

"The Messrs. Smith are American citizens, and have sur- 
rendered themselves to your Excellency upon your pledging 
your honor for their safety ; they are also Master Masons, and 
as auch I demand of you the protection of their lives." , 

At this Governor Ford's face turned pale, and Captain 
Jones remarked. 

"If you do not do this, I have but one more desire, and that 
is, if you leave their lives in the hands of those men to be 
sacrificed — ." 

"What is that, sir?" he asked in a hurried tone. 

"It is," said Jones, "that the Almighty will preserve 
my life to a proper time and place, that I may testify that you 
have been timely warned of their danger." 

After this conversation he returned to the prison, but 
the guard would not let him enter. He then went back 
to the hotel and found the Governor standing in front of 
the troops from McDonough county, who were in line 
ready to escort him to Nauvoo. The troops who had been 
disbanded retired to the rear, and as they did so, they 
shouted loudly that they were only going a short distance 
out of towH when they would return and "kill old Joe 
and Hyrum." These threats the Governor must have 
heard, but he took no notice of them, even when Brother 
Jones called his attention to them. He also requested the 
Governor to fulfill his promise, and to give him passports 
for himself and friends to pass in and out of the prison ; 
but he refused. He, however, told General Demming to 
write one for Dr. Willard Richards, who was Joseph's 
private secretary. While waiting for this Brother Jones's 
life was threatened, and Chauncey L. Higbee said to him 
in tlie street, "We are determined to kill Joe and Hyrum, 
and you had better go away to save yourself." 

The Governor afterwards gave Br. Cyrus H. Wheelock 
a passport, he having applied to him at Joseph's re(iuest. 
From him also the Governor heard the numerous threats 
which were made against Joseph and Hyrum ; but they 
had no effect upon him. Brother Wheelock states that 
previous to leaving Carthage for Nauvoo, which he did 
that morning, he said to the Governor: 

"Sir, you must be aware by this time that the prisoners 
have no fears In relation lo any lawful demands made against 
them, but you have heard sullirient to justify you in the be- 
lief that their enemies would destroy them if they had them 
in their powei ; and now, sir, I am about to leave for Nauvoo, 
and I fear for those men ; they are sale as regards the law, hut 
they are not sale from the hands of traitor-s, and midnight 
assassins, who thirst lor their blood, and have determined to 
spill it; and under these circumstances I leave you with a 
heavy heart." 

To this Ford replied: 
"I was never in .such a dilemma in my life ; hut your friends 
shall be protected, and have a fair trial by the law ; in this 
pledijc I am not alone; I have obtained the ^i/ec/r/e of the 
whole of the army to sustain me." 

{To be conthmcd.) 






/ 







vJ TJ "V E ItT I Xj El IIsrSTE/TJOTOI?., 



87 



JV^ISSI03Sr^E.Y SI^ETOHIES. 



THE season was a wet one, and when I told the people 
that I was going around the island, they thought it 
a great undertaking, and tried to persuade me not to un- 
dertake it. I evidently had their sympathies; I was 
boyish-looking, and they called me a keiki, which in their 
language literally means "a child." Many times as I 
traveled along they would take my valise from me and 
carry it; and when I came to a stream of water, they 
would pack me across it. I pa.ssed through a number of 
villages, over a very rough, hilly country, and late one 
night reached the town of Wailuku. 

Up to this time, though I had been treated very kindly, 
I had not met with the persons whom I had been led to 
expect by the manifestations of the spirit, would receive 
my testimony. The main part of the town of Wailuku 
was on the other side of a stream, in attempting to cross 
which I got wet. There were some missionary houses 
here, and as I passed through the town, I hoped that I 
should get an opportunity of being introduced to them; 
for I had made it a rule, thus far, not to pass a missionary 
witliout bearing testimony to him respecting my mission. 
But I was dusty and toilworn, and felt some diffidence 
about introducing myself. By this time I had partly 
come to the conclusion that, as the weather was so unfa- 
vorable, I would return to Lahaina; and in passing 
through Wailuku, I took a road whicli I thought led in 
that direction. I had scarcely got out of the town when I 
felt impressed to return, the Spirit telling me that if I 
would do so I should get an opportunity of being intro- 
duced to the missionary who resided there. 

As I passed the churchyard two lialf-white women 
emerged from a house near by, and when they saw me 
they called to some men who were in the house ''£ ka 
haole."' which means, "Oh, the white man!" Tliis they 
repeated two or three times, calling at the .same time one 
of the men by name. As I walked along towards the 
picket fence, tliree men came out of the house, and 
stepped up towards the gate. When I got opposite to 
them I saluted them, being greeted by them in return. I 
had passed but a few feet when the leader of the men 
inquired of me where I was going. I told them I thought 
of returning to Lahaina, on account of the weather. He 
said that as this was Saturday, I had better stop until 
Monday with him. He inquired of me who and what I 
was, and upon my informing liini, his desire to have me 
stay was increased. I went into the house with him, 
and, after some little conversation and pressing me to eat 
food, which he offered, he proposed that we should go up 
and see the missionary. This was what I wanted, and I 
embraced his proposal gladly. 

The missionary's name was Conde; he was a native of 
Connecticut, and had been sent out by the American 
Board of Foreign Missions. We had a very pleasant con- 
versation, during which he made many inquiries respect- 
ing Utah, my object in coming to the islands, and our 
belief. He said he could not believe anything in modern 
revelation; but expressed a wish to read some of our 
works. I lent him the I'oicc of Warninff, though I had 
little hope of it hiiving any effect on him, as he had con- 
demned the doctrines before he had heard or read tliem. 

The moment I entered into the house of this native and 
met him and his two friends I felt convinced that I had 
met the men for whom I had been looking. The man 
who owned the house was a judge, and a leading man in 
that section. His name was Jonatana H. Napela. It 
was lie who visited this Territory last Fall in company 
with Elder George Nebeker. His companions' names 



were Uaua and Kaleohano. They were all three after- 
wards baptized and ordained to be elders, and all are still 
members of the Church. They were graduates of the 
high school in that country, fine speakers and reasoners, 
and were men of standing and influence in the com- 
munity. Napela was very anxious to know my belief, 
and wherein our doctrines differed from those taught by 
the missionaries in their midst. I explained to him, as 
well as I could, our pririciples, with which he seemed 
very well satisfied. But next day after the services in 
their church, Mr. Conde called Napela and a number of 
the leading men together, and endeavored to poison their 
minds against our doctrines, by telling all kinds of lies 
about the Prophet Joseph and the people of Utah. I 
learned this at supper by the inquiries which Napela and 
a number of his friends who were present, made of me. 
Their questions were of sucli a nature as to prove to me 
that somebody had been telling them lies. I afterwards 
learned that it was the missionary's work. 

Tlie spirit rested powerfully upon me and I told them I 
had the truth, and besought them, as they valued their 
souls, not to reject it until they could understand it for 
themselves; that I should soon be able to explain it fully 
unto them; that the principles were contained in the 
Bible, and were eternal truth. They were melted to tears, 
and promised me that they would not decide that our 
principles were false until they had a full opportunity of 
judging for themselves. Which promise, I am happy to 
say, most of them kept, and I had the pleasure of baptiz- 
ing them into the church. 

I am particular in mentioning this circumstance to 
show the readers of the Juvenile Instructor that, 
when they go on missions, and they are in the line of 
their duty, it is their privilege to have revelation from the 
Lord to guide them in all their steps. I was led to expect, 
before I left Lahaina, that I would find those who would 
receive me. Up to the time I reached Wailuku, I had 
not found them, and then when I thought it best to go 
back by another road, and through other villages to La- 
haina, I was told if I would return into Wailuku that I 
should obtain my desire in getting an interview with the 
missionary. The half-white women who saw me were 
Napela's wife and her sister. There was something very 
remarkable in their crying out as they did to him and his 
companions in the house when they saw me. They met 
whites very frequently, and it was nothing strange for 
them to pass as I did. This was often alluded to in con- 
versations which we had afterwards, and they wondered 
why they should have done so. I knew that it was the 
Lord's doings; for if they had not called out, I should 
have passed unnoticed and missed them. To my sight, 
the Lord's hand was plainly seen in it all, and I thauke4 
Him for His mercy and goodness. 



LOST 



[For the Juvenile Insiruofor. 

OIT THE FX^J^XNS. 
A True Sketch, 



TN the days when to cross the Plains was a long, weary 
1 journey of several month's duration, when "buck" and 
"bright" were in the zenith of their fame, a cordial wel- 
come from an old friend, whom I had not seen for years, 
and a decent meal could not be counted among things to 
be lightly esteemed. At least the writer thought so when 
crossing from Florence to the Valley in the Summer of 
1860, he met with a friend from the same branch of the 
Church in England, at a station kept by a Frenchman 
named Louis Geuoy, near what was then called the upper 



1 



(i^* 



^ 



'.f 



88 



J- TJ "^T E IsT I H. E in^STI?.TJOTOI?/. 



■^^^^ 



915, 



Platte Bridge. We had been on very friendly terms 
before his departure for Zion, by the first handcart com- 
pany, in 1857. Through sickness, he had been compelled 
to stay by the way, and three years after, we met quite 
unexpectedly at the place mentioned. Our meeting took 
place between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, and 
as might be expected he had many inquiries to make 
about friends and acquaintances behind ; and as it was too 
soon for the company to stop for "sooning" he pressed 
me to stay an hour or two with him, to have a chat and 
eat dinner, promising to put me on the right track, so 
that I could easily overtake the company before sun- 
down. 

I had then been on the Plains some seven or eight 
weeks, and, as all who have passed through a similar 
experience know, a good dinner was considerable of a 

temptation to stay awhile. I spoke to Captain , now 

a Bishop in one of our northern settlements, but he 
advised me not to stay behind the company. As I how- 
ever did not intend to stop more than an hour or so, and 
was assured by my friend that he would put me in the 
way the train travelled, I concluded, very foolishly, to 
remain behind. The lesson I ultimately learned will, I 
think, never be forgotten. 

I stayed until dinner was ready, probably a couple of 
hours, and then had a feast of boiled elk, and other good 
things, and immediately started off, hoping to overtake 
the company in two or three hours at most. Fred accom- 
panied meafew hundred yards and gave meas I sujiposed, 
the necessary directions, and oft' I trudged. 

I walked for an hour or two as fast as I could, hoping as 
I reached the summit of each succeeding bluff, to see 
some signs of the folks ahead. But after walking three 
or four hours, and still no indications of their presence a 
feeling of anxiety would arise in my mind, lest I had 
missed the track and was lost on the Plains. I kept on- 
ward looking eagerly ahead, but nothing but disappoint- 
ment awaited me. As the sun gradually approached the 
western horizon and still no tokens of the missing train, 
my anxiety became very great, for I had heard of indi- 
viduals crossing the Plains, straying from their com- 
panies, and never being heard of again, and the thought 
of being benighted there caused me greater anxiety than 
words can express. Still I pursued my journey, occasion- 
ally looking anxiously in every direction in hopes of see- 
ing smoke from camp fires or some other indications of 
human life ; but no cheery sign met my gaze, and at last 
the conclusion was forced home to me that I really was 
lost. 

By this time the sun was nearly touching the loftiest 
peaks of the western mountains, and as he approached 
the setting point, his rays seemed to grow brighter, as if 
rejoicing at the prospect of rest after his day's journey. 

But how different was my position! Tlie nearer niglit 
approached the higher my anxiety rose, for look in what- 
ever direction I might there was no sign of life or human 
habitation, nothing but dreary, barren sand-hills. Not a 
tree or hillock of any kiud for a shade or shelter when 
darkness overtook me. And this was the result of disre- 
garding the advice given me, not to st;iy behind the com- 
pany. That dinner of elk, &c, &c., seemed likely to cost 
me a very heavy price. 

At length, just as I w.%s really giving u\i in dcsiiair, a 
sight met my gaze, whicli resurrected hoi)e, within me_ 
and infused new life and energy into my wearied limlis. 
It was not the camp and my friends with whom I luid 
parted in the morning ; but, away in the <listance, proba- 
bly half or three qiuirtera of a mile, 1 saw a bridge across 
a stream of water, and some sign of human habitation. I 
hurried forward as fast as possible, and when I got within 



a few hundred yards, I saw white men there. Anxiety 
had nearly vanished now, for I felt a hope that I shouW 
be able to find shelter and food for the night, and should 
be put in the right track for the camp in the morning. 

On arriving at the bridge and making my position 
known, the men told me, in a somewhat surly and un- 
civil manner, that I was some five or six miles from 
Genoy's station ; and evincing no disposition to be at all 
hospitable, I determined to ask no further kindness iit 
their hands, but, tired as I was, T determined to set off", in 
hopes of reaching the quarters of my friend Fred, where 
I was sure of meeting with the most cordial hospitality. 

The sun had descended behind the hills when I started, 
and the road being entirely unknown and lonely it was 
anything but a pleasant journey. But I had no alterna- 
tive. I must reach there or stay all night on the desert. 
Suffice it to say that in about a couple of hours I reached 
the point I was trying for, and after some supper Fred 
showed me into his room, and I was asleep in two or 
thiee minutes. I was aroused in the morning long before 
sunrise by my friend, who was determined to travel with 
me to the camp, and he was anxious that we should reach 
it before the train commenced its day's march, 

Away we started, I very stiff" and tired, but feeling com- 
paratively light hearted at the hope of rejoining the com- 
pany. We had travelled two or three miles.when, in the 
distance, we saw two men approaching us, and upon 
meeting I found it was Brother P. now living at Payson, 
Utah County, and Bro. John Ames, the former, I believe 
one of the Captains of ten in the company, the latter one 
of the emigrants. They had been sent out by the com- 
pany to hunt for me. My arrival had been looked for 
with some anxiety the preceding evening, and my 
absence gave rise to considerable speculation and uneasi- 
ness. At break of day the next morning, they were sent 
in quest ot me. I was quickly astride their pony, and 
bidding good bye to Fred, he returned to the ranche of 
the Frenchman Genoy, and we set forwaid for camp, 
which we reached in due time without accident or 
delay. 

On my arrival I met with a slight rebuke for my wilful- 
ness from the Captain ; but my own reflections were 
worse to endure then the most harsh words would have 
been ; for I knew that my folly, in disobeying counsel 
had caused unnecessary anxiety in camp and had exposed 
me to very great risk. 

To this day my wanderings while lost on the Plains, 
and the narrow escape I had from a lonely and terrible 
death appears marvellous, and I cannot do other than 
acknowledge the over-ruling hand of Providence in my 
preservation and deliverance. D. W. E. 



A lilTTLE bright-eyed four year old got his praj-er 
mixed up the otlier night. Imagine the astonishmeul of 
his mother to hear her darling commence thus: 

"Now I lay me down to sleep — 

Shoo fly! don't bodder uie." 

CrTJ"\rElTIIjE IIsrSTI?.TJOTOK. 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATirRUAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A, PUBLISHER. 

Slnrjle Copy, per Annum ?3 00, 

Single Copy, for SU Months 1 50. 

IHr Ornin hroii';Iit to thin Oity for tlio .Tuvknii.k iNSTRiirroR will be 
received at the oOice of our iiuinr— DKSioKET Nicws Uuildings, 




