
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 1, 1874. 



NO. 16. 




THE Argus is a bird 
with magnificent 
pi image. It inhabit; 
the forests of Java and 
Sumatra, and takes its 
place beside the pheas- 
ant, from which it only 
diflfers in being unp:o- 
vided with spurs, and 
by the extraordinary 
development of the 
secondary feathers of 
the wings in the male. 
The tail is large and 
round, and the middle 
feathers are extremely 
longandqulte straight. 
"When paraded, as it 
struts around the fe- 
male, spreading its 
wings and tail, this 
bird presents to t',;e 
dazzled eye of the 
spectator two splendid 
bronze-colored Ian , 
upon which a e spr.n- 
kled a profusion of 
bright marks much u- 
sembling eyes; it o\v( s 
its name of Argus to 
the.^e spots. Its tu;l 
teathens are .sonietiucs 
four fest in length, ami 
yet when stripi)e<l nf 
its plumage the bird i- 
no larger than a coii.- 
mon barn-yard fowl. 

How varied ;nc tlir 
works of (iodl .\li 
display His wisdmii, 
skill and p iwer. \\'e 
find there are m;ir\r!s 
to be traced in tlic 
single feather nt' a 
bird. 










~A\J^<jf 



DESERET SUNDAY l^r 
50 NORTH MA IN <;TRPn 



iriL- 
.^^.^i BOARD 



Fixed PniPosE.?. — 

I lemember reading of 
i voung man. who, in 
the course of .i few 
^ ars, s(iuandered a 

ige estate. Reduced 

t absolute want, he 

ne day wandered cut 

th the design of put- 

ig an end to his life. 

L' came to the brow 

an eminence which 

>\ e looked the estates 

hi had lost. He sat 

himself down, dropped 

his head, and remained 

f r sonic time in fixed, 

d ep thought, then 

uddenly sprang up, 

mil with a vehement, 

\ 111 t i ng emotion, 

wbile a gleam of hope 

II r;iilia'ed his dark eye, 
xclaimed: "Theysliall 

1 ■ mine again!" He 
li id made his resoh:- 
t 111 iiiid formed his 
I :iii. He now hast- 

iicd to execute if. 
I lie result in dne linie 
wis coiiiplcte success. 
\ itii an udditiiHi of 

tiler property. This 
1 la'.ity of lieing deter- 
iiiiiK'd and resohitc in 
wiiat tliy undertake, 
1 Miiiietliiii;; ill wliidl 

I ;iM> of lis are .sully 
licieiit. ()ur success 

1 PC- not ilepciid s ■ 

II mil on our hiyin.L: 
liolij. ;i> oil our liolil- 
'iii; oil. it would be 
lii'ttiT lor us to iiuike 
II I resoliitioiis. than to 
Illlike iiiaiiy and fail to 
kei'p tlwui. 




SALT LAKE CITY I. UTAH 




18S 



0" xj "\r E isr I Xj El in^sTi^TJCTOT?.- 




r.V (1. (.'DDARD. IN BKllAI.K oK THK r(IMMITT>'.K. 




■PuK grand Des( 

1 tlwusanJ children, held in the New Tabernacle, Salt Lake 
City, on the 24th of July, bein.e the twenty-,-^eventh anniver- 
sary of the Pioneer.-.' entrance into Salt Lake Yalley, is now 
an historic fact. Such an iniposinir si)Cctac!e as that witnessed 
by the favored thousands on that memorable occasion is of 
sudi rare occurrence that history fails to record its equal since 
the time when the flasr of our Union first floated over a free 
and independent people living on the continent of America, 
The masnifieent decorations in the center and around the 
ccilins, sides and pillars of that immen.se Tabernacle, the neat, 
graceful, modest attire, and heavenly voices of the thousands 
of Sunday School children made an impress on the memory of 
those present that neither time nor eternity can efface. Such 
w;i.s the Jubilee. 

It originated with the officers of the Sunday School Union— 
• icorire Q. Cannon. Superintendent; (Jeorgo Goddard, Assist- 
ant Superintendent; J. B, Maiben, Secretary; W, McLachlan, 
Treasurer -over a year ago. Songs .suited for the occasion 
wiTc .solic ted from the friends of Sabbath Sihools. and con- 
tributions came i>our:ng in. from which selections were made 
' ■ a fo:ii.nit;ej apjiointed for that purpo-c. Piofe, : or C. J. 
' li'-nias had charge of comiiosing tunes to the song.-, a.s..i.stcd 
!.y >rj.ss.«rs. E. Bce.sley and Jos. J. Daynes. A fir-t edition of 
fifteen hundred books was publi hsd at the office of the Juvk: - 
ii.K iN.sTiiicrnH. under the musical critici.sm of Professor C. J. 
Tlioma-. This was the first musical work ever printed in Utah 
Territorv. A second edition nf (.vcr four thousand was next 
publi..,hed, and the demand for them throughout the Territory 
was such as to justify the executive committee in ordering a third 
edition, of five thousand. This committee of twelve gentlemen 
anil .seven ladies was elected at a regular monthly meeting of 
suiierintcndents atiil teachers connected with the Sunday School 
rniiin. fiT the imrjiose of taking the entire charge of the 
Jubilee. After avcrtc.ining the cai)acity of the Tabernacle, 
the committee is.sued invitations to as many county .superin- 
tcmlents as wuuld l)ring together a. sufTicicnt number of Sunday 
School children to lie accommodateil. Active measures were 
then taken to bring the children of Salt Lake. Utah. Davis 
and Weber Counties under a ..system of correct training, and 
iiiucli respcinsibilitv rested upon George Goddanl, Assistant 
Superintendent of Sunday School I'nion and Superintendei.t 
of Salt Lake County; David John, Superintendent of Utah 
County; Nathan T. Porter. Superintendent of Davis County; 
and liicbard nallantytic. Sui»cviiitcndcnt of Welicr County. 
Tlie.se. however, were very efli'icntly aided, in the musical 
labor, t)y Piofes.si>rs Thomas, of Salt Lake City; Daniels, of 
IVovo; and Piigh, of Ogdcn, be.side.s a host of faithful leaders 
of <-hoirs connected with the variou.s wards and .settlements in 
each of the counties named. The labors of the committee 
wi-re next directed towards giving the Jubilee a snfiicient 
prouiinenre through the press, etc, . .So as to .secure the two 
leading objects sought to bo obtained, viz.: first, to arouse a 
more universal interest in favor of Sunday Schools; .second, to 
raise a fuiiil sufficient to publi.sh a hymn book specially adai)ted 
for Sunday Schools. As the time ilrew near for holding the 
Jubilee, it iKicame nece.s.sary to appoint different <oniinittee(<, 
to si"-ure all needful preparation for such a mamniotli occasion. 
The work of decorating the Tabernaelc was directed by Mes-srs. 
.^birris and Son, the festooning by Br. C. F. Williams, the 
flora! department by Br. John Heading, artificial flowens by 



Sister Anne Cross, the ftimiture by Br. H. Dinwoodey, the 
upholsteiT,' by Br. S. P. Neve, the platform by Br. W. Asper, 
besides scores of ladies and gentlemen who kindly and gener- 
ously rendered gratuitous labor in coiniection with tho.-e alreadj- 
named, all of whom labored under the general supervision of 
Br. Henry Grow. After arrangements were uuide to bring 
the thousands of children by railroads and by tcaius. several 
other committees were needed: that on locating the various 
schools in the Tabernacle, under the direction of Br. J. B. 
Maiben; on recejition, by Messrs. W^ui. Asper and Rodney 
Badger; oii finance, by Br. Geo. Reynolds; on the distribution 
of SOlXi buns, by Br. S. L. Kvans. Bei-ides all these, and 
those who assisted them, there were door-keepers, seaters of 
the congregation, organ-blowers, water-carriers, etc. 

To each and every one of those alluded to, the executive 
committee return their unfeigned thanks. They also feel under 
special obligation to Professor C. J. '! hoiuas, for his indefati- 
gable and successful labors as musical director; also to Mr. Jos. 
J. Daynes, who presided so ably at the organ; to the members 
of the theatrical orchestra, etc. , who generously volunteered 
their services on two occasions and performed such well 
executed pieces of music that they would do honor to any 
jubilee or concert in the world; to the members of the Taber- 
nacle and other choirs, whose mellow-toned voices very percep- 
t.lily aided the more juvenile and less experienced singers; to 
the Ogdcn brass band, who announced the opening services of 
tb i Jubilee with a lively and well-played piece of music; to the 
A merican Fork brass band, whose stirring strains also helped 
to enliven the occasion; to Mrs. E. F. Thomas and Mi.ss Park, 
who favored the vast audience with well received songs; to Br. 
Henry Wallace, for collecting material for the 8000 buns, and 
Br. Jas. Dwyer, who assisted him and also took such interest 
in the sale of books and tickets; to all those who contributed 
their means through the subscription comniittce; to the Super- 
intendent of the De.seret Telegraph Co.; to the editors of the 
Deseret Neics and Sail Lake Hcrahl, for courtesies extended; 
to the superintendents, teachers and children of each county; 
and last but not least, to the First Presidency of the Church, 
for the use of that beautiful Tabernacle (so well adapted for 
such a grand and benevolent purpose), and for other accom- 
modations and assistance received at their hands. 

To one and all of those mentioned, and to any others who in 
anywise lent a heli)ing hand towards making the Jubilee what 
the universal verdict of the assembled thousands pronounced 
it to be — a grand success, we say, a.s the executive committee, 
may God bless you fijr what y(ui have thus done to aid the 
Sunday School cause in Utah, and increase upon you a livelier 
interest in the moi-al and religious training of the rising gener- 
ation in our midst. 

Li clo.sing, we would not oiuit thus publicly t<5 acknowledge 
our heartfelt thanks and gratitude towards (!od our Heavenly 
Father, for His watchful care over the thousands of our chil- 
dren, brought and returned by teams and railroads, without 
even one accident to mar the hapjiy occision. 



Ilf.Mlil.K BF.tilNM.NOs. — .?<ysop was a .slave, Ferguson a shep- 
herd-boy, Franklin a friendless apprentice-boy, Sherman a 
shoemaker, Hayno a half-starved orphan, Herschel a piper in 
the ariuy. Adrian ^ I. was once so indigent as to study only 
by the lamp of the street, when daylight had concluded hi.'* 
onerous labors; Melancthon spent his youth in the work-shop 
of an armorer; Stevenson was a cow-boy on his native hillg, and 
Hugh Millar — has he not hini.self told the story of his humble 
origin' 





CrTJ"V"En^ILE in^STI$.TJOTOI?. 



183 




1 



BXJSinSTESS IS BXJSIZSTESS- 



THE following anecdotes are told of the late W. JI. Swain, 
foruieily proprietor of the Philadelphia Ledger. 

As a business man he was very rigid in his adherence to 
what he conceived to he sound business principles. "'Never 
fix a price on another man's goo Js," was one of those principles. 
A paper dealer met him one day in the street. 

"Mr. S.," said he, ''I have some excellent white paper of 
the size of the Ledger. Do you wish to buy?" 

"Yes sir," was the reply. 

"What are you willing to give for it?" was the next inquiry. 

"Precisely the worth of it, sir; neither more nor less," was 
the rejoinder. 

"Oh, of course. But I mean ^Ir. S.. what can ;. cui aftVuxl 
to give me for it?' ' 

"Double price, if I choose; but I don't." 

"But, fix the price, sir." 

"I never put a price on another luan's goods. If you don't 
know the value of your own paper you should not attempt to 
dispose of it. If you do, .vou are wasting my time and yours 
in idle circumlocutions to get the advantage of me. Tell me 
your price. If it suits, well; if not you may find sonic other 
customer. ' ' 

"Businefss i.s business, and nothing should interfere with it," 
was another of his business principles. Consequently he 
would take nothing oiT the price of an advertisement on the 
score of friend.ship or benevolence, or any other of the ten 
thousand petty excuses made to "nip the printer." A gentle- 
man once called upon him with an advertisement of a benefit 
for a poor widow with several helpless children. "How much 
for the advertisement, under the circumstances?" said he. 
"Just what it comes to," said Mr. S. ; business is business, 
sir; chanty is another question." "But to a poor widow, sir? 
every dollar saved is a matter of serious moment to her family. 
"Business is business, I repeat, sir. "What I choose to give in 
charity is my own private affair. My business has nothing to 
do with it." "Tlipn you will take no less?" "not a cent, sir." 
The gentleman paid the bill very reluctantly, amounting to. 
perhaps two dollars, and was going out of the office reflecting 
rather severely in his own mind upon the parsimony of Mr. S., 
when the latter stopped him. "Do you know this widow? 
Is she honest and deserving?" "She is, s!r." Mr. S. shp- 
ped a $10 bill in the gentleman's hand, and turning on his 
heel, walked awav, saving "business is business." 



vJELHiY IFISHI. 




'■PnE wonderful sea aninuil represented in our picture is 
I sometimes called a Jelly Fish, and .sometimes a Sea Nettle. 
They are called jelly fishes becau.se their bodies are soft like 
jelly; and sea nettles, because when they touch our flesh 
they produce a smarting pain, somewhat like that cau.sed by 
handling the nettle plant. 

Another very approjiriate name for them is Sea-Ijamps, for 
the very good reason that at night they give out a bright and 
beautiful light. We have many a time seen the whole surface 
of the sea, as far as the eye could reach, lighted up in the mo.-it 
beautiful and brilliant manner, especially when we are in 
tropical or warm regions. This sparkling, and most beautiful 
light comes from the multitude of Jelly Fishes anil oth<T similar 
transparent sea animals floating on or near the surface of the sea^ 

When on our voyage from (Hiina, we several times let down 
bucket and brought up sea water in which were several of the.-^e 



wonderful creatures. At night the whole of the water in the 
bucket glowed with their bright phosphoressent light ; and in 
the day-time the bodies of these curious creatures reflected in 
the sunshine all the colors of tht- rainbow. Of these fishes 
there is an imraen e variety: 

"Some in huge masses, some that you nmy bring 

In the small compass of a lady's ring; 

Figured by hand Divine, there's not a gem. 

Wrought b3' man's art, to he compared to them." 

To speak less poetically we would say that there are no less 
than three hundred different kinds of Jelly-Fishes, or Medusa;, 
as the .scientific people call them. The largest measure several 
feet across, and have been known to weigh fifty jiounds; the 
smallest are so small that they can hardly be seen without the 
aid of the microscope. 
Tli.'y arc of different colors, too — pink, brown, green, 

red, purjile, and 'ha 
dift'erent kinds give 
forth a different light. 
The members of each 
kind keep together in 
numbers which jiass hu- 
man thought, and which 
a m a z e the beholder. 
You may sail for hours 
through a mass of them 
giving forth one kind 
of light, and then you 
may come to an ei|ually 
extensive ma.ss euiitting 
a different light. One 
scientific gentleman 
states that off the coast 
of Chili, they not only 
crowded the surface ot 
the sea for about one 
hundred and sixty En- 
glish sqiune miles, but 
the water was full ot them to the dei>th of .-ix feet from 
the surface. 

It is only in very calm weather, however, that they come to 
the uiqier ]iart of the sea in such numbers. They are very 
delicate creatures and cannot stand rough weather. When it 
becomes rough they quickly descend to the quiet ocean depths. 
This they do by letting the umbrella or mu.shrooni-Iike top of 
their body fall down on the sides of their tentacles. 

These tentacles are also called arms, for though they look 
very little like arms, they are used as such, for by means of 
them the animal lays hold of and jiasses to its mouth the little 
fishes, worms, and other things which it cats. 

But where is its mouth? you will say. It is on tlic under 
side of the body, and the stomach fills up the sjiace under 
the umbrella-like top. Has it eyes? Oh yes. many of them, 
and they are situated on the rim or edge of this bowing top. 
But we must bring this a'.-i-oiint to a dose, and we think 
we have said enough to .show that the Jelly- ImsIics are among 
the most remarkable of the many wimderl'iil things which Cod 
has made. 




"DiKTOK, what shall I ilo to keep from hurting my no.^e 
when asleep?" askcil a long-nosed man of a jdiysician intend- 
ing the question to br a very fnnuy one. "[ think, " gravely 
replied the <loi-t4ir. ' ibat you should have a few hinges madt 
in it, so as to fold it up likr a twolljol rule when you go to bid 





184 



JT ^EiLTILE insrSTI^TJOTOI?. 




<0nr 4^||u5jfi!n[. 



2^(1 S ID J^^ L S . 



i; V H K T II . 




1)K.siiir:s the ordinary cuiiis u-ed ub miin(\v in ancient and 
) modi'rn times, there wore otliers nf larjrcr size, whieh are 
now called medals or ineiiallions. Many of tho.-e were «tnick, 
espeeially in fiirmer times, at the commencement of the reign 
of an emperor, or to commemorate Fomo gre.it evciit: sonie- 
tinies to ex|)res.s the gratitude of the iicople; frequciitly l>y way 
nf flattery, .'^nnie smaller medals were u-ed as tickets for 
adiMi>-iiin hi the |iu!jlic 'oaths and jilaccs of entertainment; or, 
to .-hiiw the devotional fceiinjrs of tho=o who )iurcha-cd them, 
on occasions of jrreat solemnity, such a< sacrifices, dedication 
"f religious buildings and statues erected to the memory of 
heroes and deities. With medals, as with coin*, abbreviations 
are \ised so as to shorten inscription^:. Lceends ]ir.t upon 
them an- dcsiirncd as ex|danations of th>ni: tlu'y arc deciphc- 
cd by the same means. 

By describini a few meilals it will be seen they are as useful 
as coins to the hist rian iti the verification of facts that haye 
been re"orde<l liy ancient writers, and a^ evidences of many 
thing's that have been acciilciitally or piirpo.ely exclu led from 
history. For the information of the young student it may bo 
again said that tlicie are works published, explanatory of coins 
and medals, in which abbreviati(j:is are arranged aljihabetically, 
in the respective languages of ancient and luodern times. 

There is one especial feature of interest in inedab — the prcs- 
irvatioM ol th^' likciics.'ie.i of eminent persons. Here in a 
medal, on the face of which is the bust of a fine, handsome 
man. drcs-ed in ancient style, with the huge frill of the period 

< s|>icuous altove the armor worn to designate the warrior. 

Till' inscription .~ati-ties us as to whom is repre.sented; it is the 
great ('olumbus. Here is another, on tho obverse of which is 
the I'ai'c of a stately and beautiful woman. This is (he cele- 
brated .Mary. Queen of Scot-;. M.\Rl.\. DKI. «. scotor: 
KKiilN.v I .^lary. by the grace of God. of Scotland, the Q\ieen). 
On another medal the sjinie face is represented, weeping, sur. 
roundeil with. () (inl) (JRAXT P.^TIENCE I.N' THAT I SUFFER 
viiANii. There are a large number of Scottish medals that 
attest the great love of the people for that unfortunate queen. 
Here is the legend of one: Qi IK) (whoj CA.N f'n.Ml'AHK WITH 
MK IN lililKI''. I DIK ASK llAR idarel NOPHT (not) SKKK IIF.MF.F. 

Who will no!, in reading or remembering hi.story. have a betttr 
conception of facts that transpired when those medal.s were in 
circulation, ant] of circtinistanees that then agitated the minds 
of men an<l women in that country. 

Hut medals are cmifiMed to no nation, nor to any particular 
aire. Hcfore nietaN appear to have been «-ed. stones, bont.s 
and Wood had in-eriln-'d upon them rude imagery an<l written 
cliaracters. .Many nf thcM,- can be explained: but with the.-c 
we have not at present to do. 

Italy lia« been, and still i:-. famous in medals. Tie- ]pap. ) 
meilal- are said to be the nio<t elet'ant of all the modern niedab. 
Thru there are tho-e of the Stat<!s of Italy; t)io-i' of France. 
S|Miii I'ortuiral and (lermany. Sweden is rich in iniMbils. 
.^lcdal- ot Knglan I are ver)' numerous, and many of them are 
ver\ tH'autifid. although they are freipiently the work of foreign 
hands. The wealthy of tint countrj- hold out inducements tor 
foreien artisti to come among them, so that the medals of 
Kngland are ccbdirated all over the worM. 



bett: 



"vVz-^TinsriE'. 



A' 



I was taking a walk early in Seiitember, I noticed two 
l\. little boys on their way to school. The smaller stumbled 
and fell, and though he was not much hurt, he began to whine 
■in a babyish way. — not a regular roaring boy-cry as though he 
was half-killed, but a little cross whine. 

The older 1 oy took his hand in a kind and fiitherly way. and 
said: 

"Oh. nevermind. Jimmy; don't whine; it is a great deal 
better to whistle. " 

And he be.sran in ;lie merriest way a cheerful boy-whistle. 

Jimmy tried to join in the whistle. 

"I can't whistle as nice as you. Charlie," said he. "my liiis 
won"t pucker up good." 

"Oh that is because you have not g:it all the whine out yet. " 
said Charlie; "but you try a minute, and th", whistle will drive 
the whine away. 

So he did, and the last I saw or heard of the little fellow,s, 
they were whistling away as earnestly as though that was the 
c'lief end of Hfe. I learned a le.'^.son which I hope T .shall not 
soon forget, and it called out tbese few lines, which may pos- 
sibly cheer another whiner of m:iture years, as this class is by 
no means confined ti childrer. 

It is better to whistle than whine; 

It is better to laugh thnn to cry: 
For though it is cloudy, the fur will snon shine 

Across the blue beautiful sky. 

It is hetter to whistlr than whine. 

O man with the sorrowful brow; 
Lottho words of the chihl scatter murmurs of thine, 

And gather his elicerfulnoss now. 

It is bettiT to whi-tle than whine; 

Poor nifithcrl so weary with care, 
Thank God for the love and the iioace that arf thine 

And joy of thy little ones .share. 

It is hetter to whistle than -^liino, 
Though troubles you find in your wa,\-. 

Remember that wise little fpllnw. of mini'. 
And whistle your whining awa.v. 

God Wess that brave boy for the cheer 
He brought to this fad heart of mine; 

'When tempted to murmur, that young voice I hear, 
•'1' is bevter to whistle than whine!" 



Tnr, daily habits of every boy aii'l girl are materials with 
whicdi they are buildini: up their characters, and every repeti- 
tion strengthens them tin' good or evil, dustice, benevolence, 
honor, intciirity and self-etmtrol are e|)hemcral blo.ssoms that a 
day'.s :un line can (all into being and a night's frost can 
wither and kill. They grow :;'owly and develoji gradually, 1 ut 
once rooted firmly in the haart and tr.iined bv constant exer- 
cise they will jirove sturdy, healthful. Imig-livcil jilants, that 
will bear rii h and ii' un'aut fruit. It is not enough to teach ; we 
must also train. It is not enough to tell the child what is 
right ; we must aectistom him to love its atmosphere. So 
with .self-culture. If we would beecune nobler and m(n-e virtu- 
ous we must habituate ourselves to the constant cxerci.se of 
pure thoughts, generous affections, noble aiul disinterested 
deeds. 



A i;i>(ii> conscienei' is the best securilv ;igainst ealumnv. 





? 



J"U-^E!ISriJl,E HsrSTi^-OGTOS. 




THE GOBK.^. 




IT may 111- ,|UC'stioncd if in the whole catalogue of snakes 
a »<pccics can bo found so much to be f>,'ared and dreaded 
as the mhra di npcUo, or hooded snake of India and Ceylon, 
called by tlie French the spectacle-snake, or serpent a bincftcs, 
from the curious markings on its neck, which resemble a pair 
of sjiectacles. The superstitious Hindoos profess great vener- 
ation for the hidjous creature, and in some of their religious 
t3mi les it is treated as an object of adoration, and a visible 
form of the deity. It is fed by the jirie^ts with milk and 
sugar, and grows quite tame under this treatment. In its wild 
.state the cobra is universally dreaded, as no remedy has been 
discovered for the deadly jioison of its fangs. But if man has 
failed to find an antidote, a small aniuuil of the weasel kind— 
the muii-joos, or ichneumon— is credited with a knowledge 
exceedingly neces.saiy to it in its fre(,u:'nt battles with the cobra, 
to v/hicli it is a sworn and dangerous enemy. Indeed, in a fight 
between a cobra and a mungoos the victory is usua'ly won by the 
latter, small though it appears, an! slight, beside its terrible 
anta ;oni.st. The fo!! jwing account of the adventure of an oflicer 
in India with a cobra illustrates the truth of our statements. 
The officer, through some accident was wandering on foot at 
nght through a desolate part of the country, and at last, 
wearied or.t. threw himself down on the dry grass, just at dawn, 
and slept:— "No doubt of it! I slept soundly, sweetly- -no doubt 
of it! I have never since then slept in the open air either. soundly 
0,- sweetly, for my awakening was full of horror! Before I was 
fully awake, however. I had a strange perception of danger, 
v.'hich tied me down to the earth, warning me against all motion. 
I knew that there was a shadow creeping over nie, beneath 
which to lie in dumb inaction was the wisest resource. I felt 
that my lower extremities were being invaded by the heavy 
coils of a living chain; but as if a providential ojiiatehad been 
in'ii-ed into my system, preventing all movement of thew and 
sinew. I knew not till I was wide awake that an enormous 
serpent covered the whole of my nether limbs, up to the knees ! 
'My (iod. I am lost !' was the mental exclamation I made, as 
every drop of blood in my veins seemed turned to ice; and 
anrin I sliook like an asiien leaf until tlie very fear that my 
sudden jwlsy might rou.se the reptile, occasioned a revulsion of 
feeling, and I again lay paralized. It .slejit, or at all events 
remained stirlcss; and how long it so remained I knew not, 
for time to the fear-.struck is as the ring of eternity. All at 
once the sky cleared uj). (he moon shone out. the stars glanced 
oyer lue; I could see (hem as I lay .stretched on my side, one 
hand under in\- liead, whence I dared not remove it; neither 
dared I look jlownward at the loath.some bedfellow which my 
evil .stars had sent me. Unexpectsdly a new object of terror 
supervened; a cuiious jiuning .sound bcliind mo. followed by 
(wo smai'( tajis on the ground, put the snake on the ale^t, for 
it moxed. and 1 felt that it wa-^ crawling iqiward to my breast. 
At that luomcMt. when I was almns( maddened by insuppor(- 
able ai)prehension in .starting up to meet, jierhaps, cc>i-(ain 
des(nic(ion. ."omeddng sprang upon my shoulder — upon (he 
ri'iitilel There was a shrill cry linm tii'' new assailant, .-i 1 ud, 
.iplialling hi.ss from (he seriien(. For an instant I could feel 
ihenj wie-tling. a-- i( were, on my body; in (lie nex(. (hey were 
lic.^idc me. on (lie turf; in anodier. a few paces off, struggling, 
twi>(ing round each nlher. fighdng furiously, I beheiil them — 
a mungiios. ur ichneumon, and ■ cobra di capello! I started 
up; 1 watchecl llia( most singu'-ir coud)a(, for all was now as 
dear a-< day, I saw (hem s(ai]d aloof for a momen( — (he deep 
loiiKiu- fa<cin:i(iiin of be snaky glare ■ powerless aLfain-t (he 



keen, quick. restle.ss orbs of its opponent; I .saw this duel of 
the eye exchange once for closer conflict; 1 saw that the mun- 
goos was bitten; that it darted away, doubtless in search of that 
still unknown plant, whose juices are its alleged antidote 
against s:]ake bite; that it returned with fresh vigor to the 
attack; and then, glad .'•ight! I saw the cobra di capelln. 
maimed from hooded head 'to .scaly tail, fall lifeless fri m its 
hitherto demi-erect position with a baffled liiss; wliile the won- 
derful victor, indulging itself in a .series of leaps upon the body 
of its antagonist, danced and bounded about, iiurring an<l 
spitting like an enraged cat. Little graceful creature! 1 have 
ever since kept a pe( mungoos — (he mos( attached, the most 
jilayfal. and the mo.st frog-devouring of all animals." — 

See ted. 



STJB Ad: J^K.I3^E LIIFE. 



IN.STE.\li of being a sepu'chre of wet bones, the ocean is a 
thousand times more replete with life than OiUth or air. 
"The first time you see a bucketful taken from the sea-bot- 
tom," said Profes.sor Agas.siz to the writer, "you will be a.ston- 
i.?hed. I know I was. I had no conception before of the vast 
and crowded life of (he .sea dep(hs. It is .something marvel- 
ous." It would be difficult to find a parallel for (hose close 
tironging multitudes; they remind the obicrver of the abun- 
dant life that travelers describe in the tropical forest-, or of 
tho.se localities where at night a lighted candL' wi 1 attract suc'i 
swarms of nocturnal insects as to extingiish it. Kven the 
smaller kinds of these marine animals, scarcely visible to the 
unassisted eye, and very rarely attai.iing dim.uisions bigger 
than t'le precious stone on the forefinger of an alderman, when 
t'ley rise toward the surface, so make up by number, 
what they want in size that the water is fairly thickened b\ 
their presence. Navigators have told us of seas reddciicd as 
with blood; of broad belts of water (inged wi(h an unnadiral 
greenish hue; of sailing through vast spaces in which the ocean 
looked like milk; of the wake of the vessels gleaming jihosplio- 
rescent fire; nay, of the entire surfiice foi' mile-: .-iround (he 
ship glistening with an uncamiy light, that poor, supe.-stitious 
Jack associates with churchyard wil!-j'-(hj-wisp — (he liirii( 
that never shone on sea or land, save when (he lost spirits were 
wandering abroad. The man of .science, dipjiing up these 
c ilored waters, finds them instinct with life, the es(in].-i(e some- 
times exceeding lud.ooi) animals to the enbie loot. bn( even (o 
him it has been a i)uzzling iiuestion wlienee eame mi suddenly 
such vast swarms, ft is (piite recently we have learned sonie- 
(liing of the habits of these tiny creatures, and ascer(ained 
(hat for tlie most part they live far below, only rising (o the 
surface a( cer(ain .seasDiis, and especially at iii'ih(. These 
habits are i)artly connected with the repniiluiti\e fMueticms 
anil pardy \vi(h (lie search for food, several specie-^ of these 
animals, small as they are. feeding on others yet more 
minute. 



:il: : 



CuEERFIU.NlCss. — There is no greater eveiyday virtue than 
cheerfulness. This (|uali(y of man among men is like sunshine 
to the day, or gentle, renewing moisture (o parched herbs. The 
light of a cheerl'id lace dilf'u-es itself and e(imniunica(es (he 
happy si)irit (hat inspires it. He eheeiful. always. There is 
no path bu( will be easier traveled, no lo.-nl bu( will be lighter. 
no sli.idow (in heart or brain bu( will lifl. in presence of a 
deterniiiied el rfuluess. 





186 



a"TJ^En^ILE IISrSTI^/TJCTOI^ 




%\\^ Jjuienilij |(nstrudor. 



GEORGE «. CAWNON 




- 


- EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, 


AUGUST 


1, 


1874. 





4^. 



-^\^ 

yf 



X 




*>■ NKHYO.NK whom we have lieaid sjieak 
of the Jubilee of Sun Jay School children, 
lield in this city on the 24th of .Tu'y, has 
liriiioujiceil it a success. Such a L'utiier- 
itiir of ihilijrcn in one huililiiiiz has piohably 
not been witnessed In America since it.s 
discovery l>y Kunipeatis. We reuiendier 
"" V . V ''^''"^' present at a irrand concert of ciiiUiren 
'^1^^"^ at tlie Crystal PalaCv\ Sydenham, near 
'^l.ondiin. which wa,s a very succes.sful affair; but 
• there wir." only five thousand children there, and 
lliey were as.-isted by three thousaud adults: At 
the New Tabernacle, on the l24th ult., there were 
J!»l}l^'~^l at least eivht thousand cliililreii. and they all 
'(;'■. belonged to the Latter-day Saints. At the concert 
at the Crystal Palace of which we speak, thecliildren 
did not belong to one denomination or church; they 
were children of all the Protestant scct.s. In this 
respect, probably, our late Jubilee was unequalled in 
the wiirlil. In larire cities, with the means which the people 
liave of brinL'ini.' children together, the irathcrinK (d' eii;ht or 
ten thiiusand mivdit be accomplished, if a suitable Imildinir in 
which to convene th lu could W found. Hut to have that 
number, all of on" filth, brought together would bo very 
remarkable, (hir children were brought by rail from as far 
north as ( )i;den and f.nui as far .«<iuth as I'rovo. though some 
eauie from Pay-on. ciirhtccn miles south of I'rovo, having been 
carried to the end of the railroad in wagons. ^lany of the 
chililren liad never traveled by rail before, and yet not the 
slightest misliap occurred in bringing them here or in carrying 
tliem back to their homes. This is ver)- remarkable when the 
nundiers are cimsidered. and s|)eaks liighly for the watchful- 
ness of the railroad officials and the care of the suiu'rinlendents 
and t<-acliers. 

The g.itherim.' of .-o many children of the Latter-day ."saints 
I lU'clher into one Iwidy must have inspired strangers with 
peculiar reflection-*. Those who are aecustomed to reflect must 
have been iiniircs-^'d with the growing powerof a people whose 
yotiiiL' are so numerous. Then flie appearance <>i' the children 
eon\eyeil the idea that they wen- briL'ht and intelligent, and 
likcdy. if properly trained to make a race of men an I women 
capable of itreat tilings. 

The singing wai verj' fine. The voices were swe 't and well- 
tuned, .and all were in hannony. The remark was freipiently 
made durintr the Jubilee that the Minging was unusually dis- 
tinct. Li -iii'h a vast buildiiiLr. with .-^i lane an auilience, it 
eould .TinTly have U-en ex|>ected that the words of the .songs 
eoiild tie distinuuished. It would not have lieen surprising 
liad some eiithiisia-tie parents thought that they could distin- 
guish the voices of their own children in the fliMid of hannony 
which WW |Miured forth. We remendxT at tlie concert at the 
Cry.stal I'alace to which we have alluded, liearinL' a lady who 
was near us enthusiastically declare to her companions that 
•she could hear "our Toniniy's voice." II iwever niui-h we 
miirht doubt the i)Os.sibility nf such a ihin;. this fond mother 
erandiuother I we do not know what relationship "'Tommy" 



held to her) had not a doubt upon her mind that it was 
''Tommy's voice" that she heard, clear and distinct from all the 
eight thousand voices which filled the nave of that immense 
building. 

The effect of the Jubilee upon the children in this city and 
in all the scttlemeaits where it was held are very marked. We 
were at Urigham City a few days after the i;4th. and in the 
evening were charmed by hearing a niwuber of voices singing, 
in excellent style, several of the Jubilee songs. We supjiose 
there was nothing formal about the gathering together of thcfe 
singers. They were probably the cinldren of neighbors who had 
met together to amuse themselves. We overheard them from 
our Oed-rnom window. In many of the settlements and in this 
city our ears are greeted in the sjiiue manner. The Jubilee 
songs arc jiopular. and the traiiiinir of the children in singii g 
them will help develop a taste for singing. If the taste for 
this delightful accomplishment be cultivated, many an hour 
that otherwise would be spent in idleness, or in some improi)er 
way, will be occujiied to the profit and delight of the children 
and their ])arciits and friends. If we do not furnish our chil- 
dren opportunities for cultivation and imi)rovement, they will 
tliemsclvcs find some means of s|ieuding their time to their 
own gratification. Frequently what they would select as a 
means of amusement may be an injury to them for life. For 
the sake, therefore, of the children themselves we have been 
much gratified at the Jubilee, and we hoi)e to witness excellent 
residts follow it and all similar gatherings. 



-»♦- 



J^ OJ^IVCEIj stoi^y 



So.ME animals are very mindful of an injury and eager for 
revenge, no matter how long delayed. Of this fact there 
is ample proof All our young readi"rs remember the story of 
the elephant who took the tailor's slight to heart, and gave 
tl.at little gentleinan a I borough drenching; and yiui may also 
rcineniber numberless stories of bow the same unwieldy beasts 
rcmendjcred injuries for years, and waited for a chance of 
venting their spite. IJut one id' the most remarkable cases on 
record is this one. wliieli we cull from the columns of a literary 
jour.ial: — 

''A year or two ago it chanced that a valuable camel, work- 
ing in the oil-mill, was severely beaten by its driver, who. 
perceiving that the camel had treasured up the injury, and was 
only waiting for a favorable cqiportunity for revenge, kept a 
strict watch iqion the animal. Time pa.ssed on. The camel, 
jierceiving that it was wat<lied. was quiet and obedient, and 
the driver began to think that the beating was tiirgotteii. when. 
on> ni'.dit. after the l.ipse of several months, the man. who 
slept on the |ilatfonn of the mill, whilst, as is customary, the 
(a'uel was stalled in a corner, happening to remain awake. 
(d).served by the moonlight, that when all was quiet, the aninia' 
lookcil cautiou.sly aroimd, rose softly, and stealing txjwards a 
spot where a bundle of clothing and a bernou.se, thrown care- 
les.s|y upon the ground, resembled a sleeping figure, cast itself 
violently upon them, rolling with all its weight, and tearing 
them most vi<'iously with its teeth. Satisfied that its ven- 
geance wa.s complete, the camel was returning to its corner, 
when the driver sat up and spoke. .\t the sound of his voice, 
and jiereeiving the mi.stake it had made, the animal was so 
mortified at the failure and discovery of its .s( heme, that it 
da^shed its bead against th<' wall, and ilicd on the spot. Such 
is the the storj-. as related for a jKisitive truth by tlie 
dragoman. ' — Selected, 





J- TJ ^ E 3^ I LE IlvrSTI?."CrCTOI^. 




131 TJ ISr T IE I^ . 




SOMETIMES he w;i< calle.l " ru-^vfread. " but that was aftoT 
his character fnv philaiithinpy bec.inic known, and he 
began to be t;uuou-; as n soarcht^r fnr lost ones. It" poets 
could haTe known our o! 1 tVien 1 surely ni:in.r plea-ant rhymes 
would have conuuenioratcd his bravo deeds. As a puppy, he 
was, externally, far from attractive; fi ridge of coarse hair stood 
up about his throat, grizzly and stiif, often making us laugh at 
his grotesquL^ 
a |)i)earance. 
but he had a 
thoughtful, se- 
rious air, and 
an eye of un- 
u.sual depth and 
power. Some 
of the neigh- 
bors .severely 
criticised the 
wisdom of 
Rob's invest- 
ment, but he 
had a way of 
his own, and. 
without a strug- 
gle, gave in ex- 
change his best 
knife and last 
years sled. 
Before night a 
I'ough but com- 
fortable kennel 
received [tliii 
pet. Rob spent 
the whole even- 
ing '"getting ac- 
i|aainted," and 
the mo.st amia- 
ble relations 
were immedi- 
ately establish- 
rd." 

lie lived with 
us some months 
beforehis'"mi>- 
sion' declariMl 
itself We had 
()bs(M'vcd his 
good temper, 
and his tender- 
ness and pa- 
tience withchib 
dren. but ucmt 
d r c a m e il of 

such out-reacliiuir >yni[>:illi;i' • :i~ In- :ili r lil'.' .l.-vi'lupcd. It 
commenced, as far as we knew, by hi-i coming in late one balmy 
September evening with a small black d<ig as ugly-looking and 
.scrawny as can well Ijc imagiunl. Hunter was a powerful 
creature, po.ss(!Ssing ''l)readtli aiil swiny" c|ui'.e fearful for 
strangers to look upon, a;i:l he carried his guest as cats do 
their kittens, .-ind laid him giMilly down iip(Mi the door of his 
straw-carpi'ted house an 1 then' h.Mvatclieil an 1 tended liini 
some days with paternal solicitude. Rits were carried acios.s 
vard. and the invalid was caressed like a sick baby. It 




attracted so much attention in the neighborhood that Hunter 
began to be respected. 

When Lilliput (for that was the name Rob gave Hunter's 
pet) was quite well, a new home was found for him, but the 
two often visited each other and exchansed. in their own 
fa.shiou, the greetings of the .season. 

One morning Hunter, and indeed the whole family, were 
aroused by shrill barks: outside the gate Rob esjned Lilliput, 
who, in remembrance of kindness thown him, had come in a 

time of need 
to a.sk for aid. 
How he told 
the story re- 
mains a mys- 
tery, but pres- 
ently the two 
dogs trotted 
down a long 
L'reen lane, Rob 
following cau- 
tiously. What 
he saw should 
.surely be chron- 
icled, if it was 
not "'intelli- 
gence," I 
should be glad 
to have some 
]ih ilosopher 
iKinie the word 
ihatcanexidain 
it. 

A poor, tired 
mother-dog lay 
y the road- 
side, nuianing 
l)iteo\i,sly, two 
pujipies, not 
many days old. 
were in theii- 
dundi, blirjd 
fashion crawl- 
ing over her, 
wondering no 
doubt what had 
happened that 
-lie no longer 
roiiijled theni. 
\ lledi;e upon 
wliiidi a few 
loken rails lav 
losely piled', 
uirtiallx shield 
I iheui. ai d 
II peeping 

llilou Ji. l!..b s.iw tie' IVn fiielid- ill I'videlil eollsultatiiUI over 
the ea-e. I'erceivim: that sli<> .-ould not be luove.l. they did 
the ne.\t b.'st ihiiig. provided food iiiilil sh.' died, api.arently 
exhausted by excess of pain. Hob thinks she had received a 
heavy blow. When in a few lioiiis -he cea.sed to breathe 
Ilniiter l^mk one pnpp\ . r,in\ iml' it tendeily. as he had Mllipul, 
but did not in ihisca.-c leave itu' nioiining baby in his k<nnel; 
no. indeed, the n'istre?s" lap was cIiommi, a geiilleeyed. loving 
won, an. who.-e face he had lead aright, ."ind l.^anied to tru.sl. 
As.ooiias Rob's u:olher leL-,-,nto pel the fnz/.y little ihil 




188 



CTTj^EinsriL:© iiststi^tjctoi^ 




Hunter know that all was rielit, and was off in a twinkling for 
liie mhor. Br iJf it Lillipiit still watchul: this one was al.-o 
t ikfti and o.nniionikd liv lIuiitiT s i.-roat luuuaii (Vcs to bi'lter 
i-arf tban lif cnuM L'ive. 

After tlic absence of two davs. Hub's bravo iVirinl .-urprised 
us all by bnn!.'ing in a lovely Maltese kitten, and the creature 
whos<.- nature it was t.i wa!.-e war ui>iin his kind, seeiued to 
regard hiui with decided affection, lookiujr up into his jrreat. 
-peakinp eyes as much as to say. "i'lay, don't leave nie amonir 
stranj/ers!" But she never lacked friends, and became a great 
pet with us all. 

But Hunter's (randest I'cat was when he .<aved an cmisrrant 
woman and liabyfiom starvation. Neither of these could he 
brin;; home as he had the dog and cat; thinking it over, las 
he must have done.) and recojinizint; the imi]ossibility of 
aivompli.^hin).' his purpose after his usual fashion, ho plainiod 
aniither, and deliber.itely tore a i)iece from the woman s dress. 
As she afterward.s told u.s, she cried out with fear, supposing 
he was about to devour them both, but su Idenly lookiiit' into 
his wonilerful eyes, she felt a.^sured that he would not harm 
them. With the .n-rap of calico, the wise fellow trotted home 
atid laid it on his mistress" lap, barkini; nio>t solemnly and 
walkinL' rapidly back and forth between her and the door. 
Hob was called, and was at once .satisfi .-d that Hunter had 
come ujton a case of sufferin.2, and was soon ready with a 
basket of comforts where the doj; niieht Iea<l. The iie.xt stop 
•ceiis the stninirest of all; up to this moment Hiinler had 
manifested no desire fiir fodd or rest, and now as Hoi) stood, 
ba>ket in hand, and whistled for his mi.-isicjiiary pioneer, lo the 
"•reature lay stR'tchcd upon the jiiazza, jiuffing and pantinj; as 
if ::reatly exhausted ; this brr)ui.'ht us in a measure to our 
.■lenses, but not wholly, until VirAc Biiley, wId i-i woU versed 
'n canine way.«. read out the whole story. 

■•\\ by. Hub." said his father, "ilon't l'o on foot, take the 
'•U'.'i'y. my tniy— Hunter is half breathles>— he has run a lon.K 
Way. and see, this .-icrap from .Minic woman's dres--, you may 
l>o sure he Inu" had his own notions brinjrin^ this alonjr. " 

It was a study well worth attention to note the sati.«faetion 
with which the doi; watched the harnes-in,' of whiteface into 
the low, li).'ht carriace— he .ictually hurricfl then, and started 
with a lM>ne in his mouth, leading the w.iy down the Felway 
n>ad. After a lime he ai-cepted the invitation to ride, and sat 
l"-ide his niaMer .-olemidy .Mirveyin;? the prospect until Blount 
w.mhIs came in sij?ht, when he jumjied out, and barkini.' 
■ heerily mntoa conierofthc hiuhw.iy, where was a sort of 
ni"lc hut, Mi-h a" wocMl-uttersarranire for temporary conveti- 
i'lic". Here Hub found the i.our woman and her aninu'baby. 

Hunter ha- a luncer ri'curd of •lives saved" than thi.s. He 
-•ems tu liiive devo(e.| hinis.lf lo such deeds of kindness, 
U-ini:olT n.w much of hi" time, rcluniinif to rest and be 
r-fre..hed, and .-omelimes luviiiLdy brini/intr hi'* burdens with 
bim. 

You niny \<e Hure he is hii:hly respected in town, imlce 1 his 
fritiidxare arrnnfine to punba-e fur his shai.'i.'y neck, a medal 

whn b -hall at unce o«inncct him with the "Xatiunal H ane 

Swiety. ' No one du.4cn-cs it lictlcr. Si/er'ed 




■|><iKs this razor tro ca.-y? ' a.^ked the barl^T ofa victim 
who was writhinjr unilcraclunisy instrument, whose chief reemn- 
mendation was a strong han>lle. '•'Well ' replied the poor 
li-llow, "that deiH-nds upon what you call this operation. If 
y>'u are skinning me. it t'oes tolerably ea^•y; but if you're 
-havinir im-. it uooi rather hard!" 



ZPTJISrOTTJ^XjITlT.' 



liV 



II. li. SMITH. 



fPiiK ilcliiiiti.iii of jmnctuality is a ■■.M-ni]iulous exactness in 
JL time.' It< advantajros in business transai'tions cannot be 
over-ostiniatod. With it. success is almost certain: without it. 
failure is almost sure. 

Yunnjr man, when you start in life, whatever may be your 
occupat'on. olseive strictly the nile.s of jiunctuai'v. At the 
ajipointed time be at your post, and never put off till to-morrow 
what should be done to-day. for to-morrow will briiifr its own 
cares and responsibilities. What is practiced at first as a duty, 
in time will become a habit. On the other hand, if you are 
not jiarticular to a few minutes, your conscience by dcirroes 
will liccome more elastic, until a i'ew minutes are uiultiiilied 
as your inclination or couvenienco may suggest, and the duties 
of to-day are carried into to-morrow, or of to-morrow on into 
the future; and thus many things of vast imiiortanco are neg- 
locti'd or forgotten, causing lack of contidonce and serious 
complications in business transactions. 

I'rocrastination is not only '"the thief of time.'' but the 
thief of the brightest hojies and aspirations of many of our 
most iiromising young men. 

The young man of ability, whom nature has gifted to become 
preeminontiy great, looks fijrth upon the busy throng of life, 
and uliservos mankind made up of different classes: the high 
and low. rich and poor, educated and ignorant, virtuous and 
depraved, respected and despLsed, the ambitious and indolent; 
and. although but one among the teeming millions, he is to 
take his rank, and should become great in hissphore of action. 
He should learn self-reliance, and that ho frames his own 
destiny. He should aspire lo the highest piunacie of fame to 
tie obtained; for what man has done, num can do. under similar 
circum.>itances. IJut if he fails to be punctual, ho lo.ses his 
greatest advantage, and the golden moments will jiass uniin- 
jiroved without ever a realization of his fond expectation.*. 
JJut ho that is pimctual. if po.s'iossed of only ordinary ability, is 
almost sure to realize his expectations. In the first place, he 
is not likely to oxpoci more than ho is willing to laljorto obta'u 
If you einjiloy such .1 man, you can depond on his lioing un 
hand at the time appuintod. If you agree to moot at a certain 
time, you can ilejiond he will be there to the minute. If ho is 
owing yuii, and tolls yon you can have your pay on a certain 
ilay. vou can depend he will not deceive you. Such a man 
will luvir make a iinnnise but what ho will fulfill; and. should 
tud'oreseon eircumstances intervene, over which ho has no 
control, he will make all due haste and offer .such re]iar,iiioii as 
msy lie in his jiower, which any reasonable jierson would 
accept. His word is worth as miudi as his bond. He strives 
to live within his inocnnc. and will not involve himself in debt, 
in order to put on style or keep jiaie with some oxiravagani 
ncighlior. He is not oidy an honest but a froc man; the world 
owes him a living, bccau.-ie he earns it. 

Punctuality, like honesty, is the best policy. Instead of 
di.>trust, this would establi-h tin' mo>t coniplcio loiifiilenci' 
between man and man, 

A herd buy, some years ago, went to Ijivingstun and Kin 
kead's ithen nierchants in Salt Lake Cityl, to purchase for 
himself :i hat; but the hat when selected was found to co.st 
fifty cents more than the iminey he had amounted to, "Never 
mind," said the .salesinan, "you can haml in the fifty cents 
when you get it, " "Well," ,--aid the boy, "III have some 
money next week, for herding, anil I will call and jiayyou," 
The next week the liov calbd with the liftv cents, and liad I 





CTTJ^Ein^IILjE in^STie^TJOTOI^. 



189 




gratification of hearing the salesman pronounce him an honest 
boy. That boy grew to be an honest man. I have had the 
pleasure of his acquaintance, and never knew him to break his 
word. He has even turned out in the drifting ••-now storm to 
fulfill his promise at the appointed time. 

Punctuality is capital stock which is sure to yield a hand- 
some dividend. It is not only the soul of business, but it is 
the body and ,<oul of success. It never waits for ".omething 
to turn up:" it drives instead of being driven, and is the main- 
spring of ]>rosperity. 

In conclusion, permit me to say. to on^-' ninl all. iuipmve the 
advantages of punctuality and be bajipy. 



THE FOTjJ^Ti. BE.A.±^.. 



THE White Beai lives in the Polar or Arctic regions; it is 
larger than the brown bear, and feeds on .seals, fi.sh. and even 
on the walrus; as it can both swim and dive, it is a formidable 
enemy. The soles of its feet are covered with long hair, so 
that it can keep its footing on the ice with ea,se. 

The E-quiraaux call the bear Ninoo. atid the seal Nutehook. 

The way Ninoo goes to work at seal-hunting upon the ice. 
according to Esquimaux accounts, is this: He sees far away 
upon the ice a black spot. ^ 

which he knows to be a seal 
resting at the edge of his hole, 
and taking a succession of 
"cat naps." hardly ten seconds 
long, lifting up his head, 
between times, and narrowly 
surveyin.s the whole horizon. 
Ninoo flinirs himself upon his 
side, and crreps along when 
the seal's head is down. The 
moment the seal's head is 
raised the bear st ips sbnit. 
and begins "talking to ilic 
.seal. The sound wliieii lir 
utters is ipiite distinct from hi 



the last piece of their dinner, the men shot her cubs dead- 
and wounded herself The poor bear, taking no notice of 
her own wounds, went moaning round over the dead cubs- 
licking them all over, and trying to make them eat or ge 
up and walk. When she found out that they were quite dead, 
she rai.sed her head towards the murderers of her little ones 
with a most melancholy howl, and when they in return i-aluled 
her with a shower of musket-balls, she fell between her cubs, 
and died licking their wounds. 

I told you this last story because I thduglit it would make 
you better understand those texts in the Bible which talk 
about people in great anger being like " bears robbed of her 
whelps. ' ' 

The bear is a sulky animal; and in that respect I hope none 

of my young friends resemble it: for to jiossess the character 

of being '"as sulky as a bear," is not to be desired, as in that 

case all whose love is worth the having will keep out of their way 

^ — «t ^ ■ » 



AT the ^'ienna Exjiosition there were a ni 
illustrating the stvle in which women of 



>*_ , — - - ::_i: 

iinuiy Voice. 'I 
charmed, suspects no hnrni, and dnwii goes his neck f 
nap. Eonvard goes Ninoo, and .so (in (o ■ a hni 
gets witliin leaping distance 





e seal IS 
• another 
time, until he 
then one spring, and it is all over 
with Nutehook. The Esi|niniaux .say that if they efiuld only 
talk to Nutchciok as cleverly as Ninon does, they wimld catch 
mure seals. The Escpiimaux imitate Ninoo. 

Cap'ain Hall dcscriijcs one of these hunts, llie main actor 
being an Ivquiniau n.-inied Koo.jes.se: "KiMiic-sc b.iil 'talk' 
with seals and it was with great interest thai 1 wuhlicd him. 
He lay ilown on imc side, and crawled by hilclies or jerks 
towards his victim : then as the .seal ni.sed its head Koojesse 
would stii|>. and coininenced pawiiiL' with his right hand and 
t'lM)!. while he uttereil his '.-eal talk.' Oil this the seal would 
feel a charm, rai.sc and shake its flipper.-, and roll over on its 
side and back a« if iierfectly delighted: after this it wnid'l drnji 
its head til sleeji. Then Kooje.sse would hiteb .iIhul' till the 
.seal's head would pup upairain. which n-nally oceiired evi-ry few 
mnnieiits. " in this peenliarciise the -eal e.scai>eil. fur the E-qui 
luanx h:iil approacheil tun near and had thus l.rnken ihecliarni. 

The bear is exceedingly fmid orherynnng ones, and she gets 
terribly angry if any body dares to injur-' her darling cubs, I 
once read a story of i parly of huiiten- who saw tVoni a distance 
an old bear carry off a quantity of meat belonging In them and 
divide liitweeii her Iwii vnnnt' one-. .Iii-I as she i;iii awav witli 



luimber of models 
f dift'erent nations 
carry their babies. The Asiat- 
ic Indian woman carries hers 
in a blanket hanging in front, 
somewhat below the waist: 
the Bengalese woman, with 
the child a.stride low down 
upon her left hip, and her 
arm supporting it.s back. The 
figure .seems quite indifferent 
as to the difficulties in this 
style of carrying, which nnist 
be a highly ar ist'.c perfirin- 
3 ;iiiri' if dune SO c'.cverly in 
5 leality. The Egyptian woman 
carries hers in a .stately man- 
ner, the child silting astride her shouider. with its hands u|iiin 
her head, and without any clothing to speak of Tin- IJra/.ilian 
woman ccrries hers in a .somewhat similar niamier. al.n in full 
undress, it sitting astride her neck. The ('bine.-c b.iby is 
carried upright uiion the back, in a blanket; and the Snuth 
African in a bag in front, funned by a blanket abunt the hips 
of the mother. The Lowe;- .\ustrian woman eanii-s hers by 
swimrinu' it in a blanket ovei' one slninlder npuii her back, while 
the Ni)rthern .\n-trian carries hers buund upon a buanl. al'ler 
the style of the candy models in confectionery stole-. The 
liapland baliy is carried in a.sledgc-shajied cot, made oricalljcr. 
It seems in have been chucked in feet foremost, an-1 then a 
frame tied over the opening for its fm-e, whether to prevent it 
f'riim crawling out. or In keeji the dogs fiom ki.ssing it. is more 
than can be imagined. The most unique style of all i - that lA' 
the Esniiinianx wniiian. whn we.-iis wide, liigh-tnppcil bnnls. 
and pnl- the baliy, right end foremost, dnwti in the ont-ide of 
one III' them, and doubtless, according to |)r. Knin's ilcscrip- 

liiin III' her style, carrying her conking iilen-il- in tl ther. 

The Nnrlh .\ineriean wnman carries her papnnse str.ipped 
to a bnard, and that strap|ieii iipim heiback by a band n\er her 
f.ileheail. 



I'lilliK is II wild heiisl whieh requires very costly food — th 
1 happiiie-,s of its ki-eper. .iiid all annind hini. 

Li"- A.'Vi' OF -THE 



DES£RET 



SUNDAY 
50 NOR T H 



SCHOOL 

MA I N 



UNION 

57FTT 



BOARD 




SALT LAKt CITY L UIAm 




.90 



J XJ "V^ E 3Sr 1 1_. E IISrSTI?. r^ CTOI^ 



^ |)ou'g troyngc ^rouml t(|c ^florid. 

BV r,. M. (). 

11 (»>! i:\vA Ki> r.(»r n i>. 




rpiiK iiictliMil of iiiiirkii].!.' till- distance run liy ;i .^liip with the 
I •io?." iiiii-erfect as it may seem, proves tolerably acciuate 
in the hands of an experienced seaman. It may be intere ting 
to kni)W that a knot and mile are synonymous, only remenibcr- 
inir that the nautieal mile is lonsrer than the statut.^ mi'.c used 
ashore. There are si.\!y geographical or nautical mile- to a 
degree, whereas it reipiires sixty-nine and a half statulc unie-. 
A line four or five hundred teet long is kept on a reel about ^ix 
inches in diameter and eighteen inches lotig; at the end of the 
line is fastened a triangular piece of wood about the size nf the 
crown of .1 hat: to this wood, on the under and cnivid side, a 
slip of lead is tii-tened. to make it .sii:k perpeiidien!aily until 
the top or point is ju-t vi-ible above the water. From ihe two 
lower corners of the wood permanent lines a few fee' Im g run 
to the main line; from th- top corner is a line wiib a woooe:i' 
peg, one end fa.stened to the ma'n lin ■. wiiiL' th • peg end is 
tlinist into a hnic in tliJ log board when u.-ed. This is .so con- 
trived that when jerking the line the peg is withdrawn, when 
the log isl.aidedin. This will be understood by observing a 
boy's kite. As long as the .strings hold the kite flat against 
the wind it flies; hut break one of the legs or lugs, and it spills 
the wind and comes down. So with the log board: the flat 
face of the Iniard ceases to oppose it.self to the wate;- wdien 
only one of its angles is presented, and is easily pu'led back; 
but ;i.s long as the peg remains in placi, the board offers so 
niucli resistance that it remains stationary in the water while 
the ves.sel aclvances, and .so many knots arc reeled oft th ■ cylin- 
der. The line is divided into equal portions of a known length. 
and. pa-ssinir throuirh the lian 1 in a given time, a correct infer- 
ence of tlie rate of a ship's sailing can be formed. For this 
purpi>M- a twenty-eight second .sii;id-glass is u.sed, an 1 the log 
line divided into sections of forty-seven feet three inches. 
Arithmetically, thl.'s is e.\pre.ssed by .saying: as SCiOO seconds 
(or one hourl are to 2S(thc number of .seconds run by the 
Khi.s.s|. so are t',iiT'.i fi-et la naniical mile) to 47 feet .i inches (the 
lenclh rif a division, or distance between the kuit^nna line. 
The line is also ilivided intn half and quarter ku' t . When 
tlie log is hove one man Imlds the reel an I nur lie- -l.i-, while 
the officer lets it run out through his hand. .\^ -nn:! as a 
eertniii mark — generally a piece of red llamiel iii-eil d in the 
line some thirty feet from the log — passes his band the ollicer 
.sings out "TurnI' upnn which the man with the ghi^s inverts 
it. .\t tlie moment the last grain of sand runs lhrr)Ui:h he 
.shouts "StopI" when the line is arrested and h.iuh'd in. the 
officer counting the knots. On .s<»me vcuscls a hixteen second 
({I11.S.S is us«"d, in whi.'h ca.s',- the knots are doubled on the linr. 

I>ijring the nii.'hl in grew thick and huxy with rain, and so 
continuecl for three or fnur days. When it finally cleared we 
cjiuld M:r nothing nf the I'liiiiimn. but whether abivnl or a-tern 
we could not tell. Our irood. fair wiml miHI held to i:-. ami we 
wont l)Owlini; down the Ka-stem Sea, our captain s Inti ntiim 
bein^; to pa.s» throU)th the Stmitii of Fonno-^a. Wr had a 
very iinlifferent view of the sunny shores of the 1-iaud of 
Forinosii, .said to sustain 11 population of two and a half miili<ms. 
Tlie i-l«nd is over two hundred miles lone, divicle 1 by a chain 
of mountains running Hjuth-east to northwest. It .ibounds 

th all the iiecesxaries of life. The inhabitants are ("hiuesc. 



After leaving Foruiosi our coiirse was almost, directly south, 
throuj;li the C'ljina Sea. As we .sailed in the vicinity of many 
of the little islands clustered in this ocean, and as these same 
islands were notorious as a rendezvous for Malay pirates who 
were in the habit of darting out from behind their thick 
foliage during calm weather, in their light and swift proas, 
pouncing on becalmed merchantmen, butchering their crews 
and burning the vessels, our captain wisely concluded to pre- 
pare the shij) for action in caie of an emergency. Two old 
iron six-pounders were hoisted up from the hold, and a half 
d,ay was spent by the crew knocking and scrajiing the accumu- 
lated rust of years fnmi tlieiii. We blaek-le:ided them, and, 
when rc-mounted on their iVohly painted carriages and secured 
in the waist, they looked (piite formidable. Uni'ortunately we 
had no shot for them, but a good sea captain is always ready 
with an expedient. The handles were knocked out of six or 
eight four-pound hammers, and the mate used up a keg or two 
of s])ikes which he c;irefully arranged in little .sacks holding a 
dozen or two each. A dozen old flint-lock muskets were care- 
fully scoured, and the bayonets brightened; likewise three old 
cutlasses. With this armameni we felt able to shciw consid- 
erable fight in case we came to close quarters during a calm. 
Of course, with a good breeze blowing, we i'elt no fear, as we 
would adopt that better part of valor, and trust to our heels. 

Our fair wind holding, we .soon sighted Luzon, one of the 
I'hilijipine Tslands, but were too far offshore to distinguish tl e 
city of .Manilla. The islands are said to be eleven hundied in 
number, and about three hundred miles south-east of China. 
Luz in, or Luconica, the largest, is four hundred miles long, 1 y 
two hundred br.iad. The inhabitants consist of IMalays. 
Chinese, Sjiaiiiards, Portugese, Negros, I'antadoes or painted 
people, and a mixture of all of these, called Mestos. The 
islands belong to the king of Spain, and are the last and only 
claim that nation has of its^oncc vast Ea«t Indian po,5.sessions. 
They were discovered by Magellan, and on an island in this 
vicinity, called Mutan. this celebrated navigator lost his life. 
( )wingto their favorable situation between the eastern and west- 
ern continents a great trade at one time was carried on by the 
inhabitants with the East Indies and Jlexico and Peru. Two 
shijia from Acapulco, in Mexico, annually visited thchc islands 
and their i)rofit is .said to have amou.ited to over four hundred 
p3r cent. The country is fniltfu!, and beautiful to the eye. 
Deer, oxen, h igs. sheep and goats, also a large species of 
monkey, are plentifu'. .'Many Ku.opean fruits and flowers 
thrive luxuriantly on the.-e i.slands. The sprig of an orange or 
lemon tree inserted in the ground becoiius a fruit-bearing tree 
within a ye.^r, it is .said, so jirolific is the .soil. I have been 
told tli:it a spceie-i of eauj growing on these i-lands when cut 
will furnish enough c'.'a;- w, t r fo a drink, and it grows neai" 
the mountain lops, when; water is most wanted. Th(Uigh 
the.se islands are enriched with a'l the prolusion of nature, 
they arc subject to uiost violent aii.l d:ead('ul t<irnadoes, rain.s 
and lightning. Many noxious and venomous reptiles infest the 
country, and iioiscuious 'A m s and flowers spread over the soil. 

While lyioL' oil' ihi' Islanil of Palawan with a duster of small 
islands surround iig u- our f.iir wind di'il away, and left us 
during the night with u smooth s a and a dead calm. We 
iniprtived the opportunity by '"fi.^hlng" our fore-to[i-sail yard, 
wbi( h we ha I sprung during our favoialh' run. At daylight 
we signalled the I aii(i~u(i, three mlLs to windward, and with 
the iflasse> made out her men "doctoring " her main yard in a 
manner similar to our own crippled stick. As daylij;ht advanced 
a suspie'ous-!()oking pu'a was discovered rouri'ling the point of 
; n island, about five miles ofl our buw. 'I'lie .■ kipper whistled 






vJTJ^lfJISrirLjE IIDTSTK. IT CTOI^ 



191 




anxiously for a breeze, a< he did not like the looks of this ei aft. 
A\^e could see they had their sweeps out. and were gradually 
working towards us; when within two or three miles of up, 
however, we ceased to feel any anxiety: the water began to 
rii>ple and our sails to 'Le'ly out;" our fair wind that had left 
us during the night was retu;ning, and wi:h renewed fore. 
Before noon we wjre > a eenin,' along again at the rat' of ten 
knots, the proa out of fight, and the l-nnamn holding her own 
on our starboard beam. At suu<et tlie was live or six miles off 
our starboard bow, evidently getting the best of us. At day- 
light the next morning she was not in sight. Our course was 
now to the south and west, >ki tng along the shores of Bonier. 
This islanil is eight hundred miles long, and seven hundred 
broad. The soil i)roducv's rice, cotton, pepper, camphor, 
canes and tropical fruit-; excellent diamonds and grid have al;o 
been found here. The f luious ourang-outang is a native ot- 
this country. The original inhabitants live in the mountains, 
but the sea coast is inhabited with a mixed population, similar 
to the I'hilippines. The popu'a'ion i< estimated at three 
mi'lions. The chief port is Benja-Ma;seen, on the soutli end 
of the i.sland. 

When in the latitude of Singapore our course lay again to 
the south, heading for the Strait; of Sunda. A favorable 
wind soon carried us over the course, and as we ran into Point 
Anj -x-w the .south-east extremity of Sumatra, to do a little 
trading, we .saw the I'unamu about five miles ahead, going 
through the straits. ( )ur sliip lay to (or four hours a few miles 
from shoie: during wl.ich t'n e w.' tr.id. d for tLiuiarinds, laiianas, 
or.nges. yams. etc. While our captain re-stoiked the hen- 
roo]]S. the crew turned the forecastle into an aviaiy, stocking 
it with doves, i)arrot~, iianxiuets, sparrows and other birds that 
I could not name. Two little specimens of th ■ n:o3.se species 
of de.^r. and six monkeys were al.<o added to our live s.ock. 
The natural [iroJucts of Suin.itra are .«in,ila- to t'lo.-e o:' the 
other jMalaysiau i.slands. The .'Malays inhtibit the coast, and 
are a fine-looking race. I noticed while at .\iiie?r that they all 
chewed the bele'-nut, which di.scolors the lips and bhickeni 
the teeth. The islan:l is oi.e thousand uiljs long and one 
hundred broail. Its chief trade with Eiirojieans is in peiiper. 
Eartli(|uakes are not mi-umnion here, and heavy rains with 
thunder and lightning freipi 'nt. It is fioni this place that 
most of the cassia sent to Euroj.e is procured. Directly across 
from Ai j\"cs-. on the opposite side of the straits, is the city of 
Batavia, on the north-wcitcrn jio'iit of the Island of Java. 
The place was colonisied by and belongs to the Dutch. It has 
one of the finest harbois i i the world; and the city is so beauti- 
ful and .safely del'ended as t) renrler it a nio.st agreeable 
residence. Over thj.-ty ihiusand Cliiiiese residents were 
barbarously massacred without tlio .slightest ofTen.se ever being 
proved against them in this place in the year 1740. When the 
J)ut<di governor returned to Europe he was .sent back to 
Batavia to be tried, but ho has never been heard of since. 
The climate is similar to that of Borneo and Sumatra. Some 
writers liave thought that Sumatra and Java coiL't lut^d the 
ancient <)i)hir of Scripture, the islands at one time producing 
so much gold; other.-', again, think that they were unknown to 
the Jews. 

[To h<: C'lii/iniied.) 




W'oltlis are little things, but they strike hanl. W'c wield 
them so easily that we are apt to forg<'t thi'ir hidden pnwcr. 
Fitly s|)oken. they fall like sunshine and dew; but when unfitly 
poken, like hail in a teiii]icst. 



iierJioii,^ and ^nsiucr^ 



HISTORY OF JOSHUA. 



LESSON LXVIII. 

Q.— What is the name of the book following Deuteronomy? 

A. — The book of Joshua. 

Q, — After the death of Moses unto wliom did the Lord speak? 

A. — Unto Joshua, the son of Nun. 

Q. — What was Joshua called? 

A. — "Moses' minister." 

Q. — What did the Lord command Joshua to do? 

A. — To go over Jordan and take the land promised unto the 
children of Israel. 

Q. — What promise did the Lord make concerning his enemies? 

A. — "There shall not any man be able to stand before thee, all 
the days of thy life." 

Q. — What additional promise did He make to Joshua? 

A. — "As I was with Moses so will I be with thee: I M'ill not 
f.iil thee, nor forsake thee." 

Q. — What condition did the Lord make? 

A, — That he should strictly observe the instiuctions of Moses. 

Q. — What did the Lord tell Joshua to do, so that lie might be 
able to observe all the law. and turn not from the right hand or 
to the left? 

A. — "Only be thou stroiiq; !iiid very courageous." 

tj. — What else was Joshua to do that he might not depart from 
the law of the Lord? 

A. — He was to meditate thereon day and night. 

Q. — What promise did the Lord make to Joshua if he did this? 

A. — "For then thou shall make thy way prosperous, and then 
thou .shalt have good success." 

Q. — What did the Lord say to .lo^lma boides telling him to be 
strong and of good courage? 

A. — "15e not afraid, neither he thmi Jisiiiayed." 

Q. — What was Josliua to do with tln' land over Jordan after he 
obtained it'.' 

A. — He was to divih; it unto the peoiile of Israel for their 
inheritance. 

y. — What was tlu' Krst tliiiii;- Josluia connnandrj the people 
to do'' 

A. — To prepare victuals for themselves. 

Q. — Tlirougli whi>m was tliis eoirimandnient Riven? 

A.— Tile othcers of the people. 

Q. — How soon were thoy to pus-, over .lordan? 

,\. — Within ihri'C day~. 

Q. — ^Vhat was requirril ..f tin- liciibenitrs, the Gaditus and half 
the tribe i^f Manasst-h^ 

A. — Tliat their mighty men of valor should go over Jordan to 
light the battles iieces.s;i;-y to po^-o- the land, 

(.,;.— Wliat wen^ they to \rn\f on this side of Jordan, in the 
hircl which Moses had given them fo:' an inheritance? 

.\. — Their wives, their little onesmid their cattle. 

I,', — How soon were tin' irn-ii to l>c released to return to thi'ir 
families and possession^? 

.\, — As .soon as thnir hretlircii Inid ohtainiMl their iiilieritanri'. 

y.— Were they willing to (l<i thi-' 

A. — 'i'os, and todo all that .lo^liua coioinandivl. 

Q — What er)n<litioii did they niakr' 

A, — "Only till' Loril thy (iod be with tlieo iis lie v.as with 
Moses." 

C,— What was thr llr>t place that .lo-hua sought to Iciirii ahout? 

A.— The land of .lericho. 

Q. — What means did he take? 

A —He sent two mi'ii to spy scrrotly and view the hind. 

(J. — What report diil tlicy briiiR back? 

A.— That "Truly the Lord Initli deliviTed into our hand all tha 
land, for even all the inliabi ants of the country do fnint bi'euii>H 
of us." 





19S 



J-TJ^EZsriLE in^STI^TJOTOI?/ 




ozsr THE 
book: of lyn o k. nvE o int . 



K £ I G >■ OF THE JUDGES. 




LESSOS LXVIII. 

Q. — "What was the cmidition of the Lamanites at the time that 
tlie suns of Mosiah went to preach to them? 

A. — They were very indolent and many were worshippers of 
id..ls? 

Q. — "Why did the sons of M.isiah go to the Lanianites to 
preach? 

A. — They hoped tohrins them to rejientance tliat the ]iromises 
of the Lord might be fulfilled. 

Q. — Who was the chief among them and admini.-tered unto 
them? 

A. — Animon. 

Q. — What jiart of the land did Ammon eo to? 

A.— The land of Islimael. 

Q.— "Why was it called the land of Ishmael? 

A. — After the sona of Ishmael, who had also becnrue Lanian- 
ites. 

Q.— "U'hat was done to Ammon? 

A.— Ho was taken and bound. 

Q. — "Wiiat was then done to him? 

A. — He was taken before the king. 

Q. — Did the king have power to kill a person when tliu- bnniirht 
before him? 

A. — Yes; he could hnvo a person killed or Fent out of the land 
or east into prison, according to his will. 

Q.— "What was the name "f this king? 

A. — Laraoni. 

Q. — \Vho wat- Lanioni a descendant ■•f? 

A.— I-limacl. 

Q. — What did Lamoni ask Amnion? 

A. — If he de-in-d to dwi-U aniiing his )ieople ur ani.^ng the 
Laiiianite-. 

Q.— "VN'hal did Amim.n reply? 

A. — H'- said that he de-ired t" livr with that pe.pplt lor n tinip 
anil p.rliap^ tdl he died. 

Q. I What did [.amoni do to Ammon? 

A. — H'' was much pleased with him ami i au-ed thai his b:inds 
"hould be ll>o^ed. 

Q.— What did Lamotii ilesire .Xiormiii to do? 

A.— To marry liis daughter. 

Q. — Dill Amnion do this? 

A. — No: bill he promised to be a servant to the king. 

Q. — What was he set lo do? 

A.— To watch the tloik.'S of I,amijni with tluv'ther servant*. 

Q. — What happened a« the flock- of Lamoni were going to 

WJll'T? 

A. — A certain iiiimber of thr Lamaniles stood and scattered 
them. 

Q.— Hi'W loiighail .\iiunon bc'eii in the service of the king when 
tbi.s o, . urrid? 

A.— Tliree days. 

y.— Where did they lake the flock- to water? 

A. -To a place <alle.| Sid.ii*. 

Q.— What were the feeling- of the -ervalits of the king when 
lliey saw the floiks -cattered' 

A.— They feapd le-t the king -lionld ^Uiy ihein a- he bad their 
bri-thren. 

Q. — Uow did Amnion feel? 

A. — He wii- much pleji«i'd. 

Q._Why -o? 

A. — Because of the chance it aflbrded of showing the power of 
God that bf'^iiiight b-ad hi- fellow servant- to believe on liis 
rd . 



J^ 



riiiit|^;il. Pt^etrtf* 



LITTLE BOAT'S 
THO XJB IG-TS. 

BY E. HANHAM. 



I am a little child, you see, 

And very fond of play; 
Hut pa, he often smiles at me. 
For me I hear him pra.T. 

And Ma's sweet kiss gives me such joy. 

Pure happiness and love; 
She tells me angels find employ. 

To bless me from above. 

I wonder who I am, I do! 

Angels to be so kind ! 
Can it be so ? Can it be true ? 

Am I an angel blind? 

When Lucy died I felt so sad 
And cried with brother Bill; 

But then she went to heaven they said. 
She must be up there still. 

I lather think I may have been 

111 heaven sometime ago. 
Come to earth in a pretty dream ! 

Pact, Lucy told me so. 

I feel much puzzled at the:!e thina.^— 

I wish I were a man! 
I do not think nngeU have wings! 

Ma, wash me in the pan; 

And kec)i the soap out of my eyes. 

And then I'll be so good, 
And think of Lucy in the skies. 

And fi'tch you in some wood. 



cj:H:j^Ti.j^jD:E. 



T .\M cnuipo-cil ,,r I I letter.-^: 

.^iy 11. i'>. 4, II. 12. lo. I. is a race of people; 

.^Iy 14. L'. ."), 4. :;. 13, is a kingdom; 

My 2, ■). :i. 4, I 1, the gardciu'r dislikes; 

My L',. S. 14. :;. is a part of the f;iee; 

.>ly 7. ^i. 1"-'. 'I. is ;iii .■iiiiiiiiii; 

My 10. :i. .s. '.I. Id. I I. li'. is the name of a State; 

.\Iy (I. .'i, 4. is the iiaiuc of a river; 

My wliule is the name ol' a religious denomination. 



CrU~V"EITIIL.E IISrSTI^TJCTOB. 

Is l'iilili>hed ill Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

KVFFIV OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copi/, per Annum — — $2 00, 

j2*"0ffice. South Temple Street, one block west of Tabenatle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor JtrvENii.E iN.sTuncroR." 




