BQMNE8B TQ THE L.QBD. 

r 




VOL. XIV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1879. 



NO. 



2sT^.T URE'S TE^.OHLI2SrC3-S 



ONE of the 'main objects of the Juvenile Instructor is to 
inform our youth in relation to the things by which we 



mode of self preservation and curiosities of structure, and to 
trace the connection between the vegetable and animal organiza- 




are turrounded in^the'natura] world, of which wo form a part. 
It 18 partjof its piii'i, in to'show^tlm adaptation of the various 
i\ creatures to the po-itiin- t hoy occupy in creation, their hab't-i, 



linns and man, who is placid as tho head of all. 

In a work called "Nature's Teachings, " by a Mr. Wood,thore 
are many things which have been noticed in our columns, and 



TO&; 





26 



0" TT "V IE 3ST 1 1_. IE IUSTEUCTOB, 




in niany instances illustrated. The author shows that there 
is scarcely a principle or part in architecture that has not its 
natural parallel in the lower creations. t AValls, floors, tower?) 
doors and hinges, porches, eaves and windows; thatch, slates 
and tiles, girders, ties and buttresses, bridges, dams, the 
pyramid, and even mortar, paint, and varnish, are all there. 
The Eskimo snow-house is an exact copy of the dwellings the 
seal builds for her tender young; the wasp's nest is composed 
of several stories supported on numerous pillars. The well 
known instance of the building of the Crystal Palace on a 
''new principle," by Sir Joseph Paxton, is one of the many 
cases where man has confessedly copied nature in art; for that 
beautiful structure of iron and glass is simply an adaptation 
of the frame-work of the enormous leaves of the Victoria 
regia plant. The present Eddystone lighthouse, which has so 
long withstood the force of the waves, was constructed in 1760 
by Smeaton, on an entirely new idea, the model being taken 
from a tree trunk, and the stones of which it was built being 
strengthened by being dovetailed into one another, as is the 
case with the sutures of the skull. 

The study of the eye of man, as well as of birds, quadrupeds 
and insects, has shown how the most beautiful and gradually 
improved inventions, such as the telescope, microscope, stereo- 
scope, etc., had already been perfected in nature for ages. In 
the arts of peace, we may look to the animal world for the 
most perfect specimens of tools for digging, cutting, or boring. 
No spade is equal to the foot of the mole; and our hammers 
and pincers look clumsy indeed beside the wood-pecker's beak 
or the lobster's claw. Moreover, the dwellings in the construc- 
tion of which such tools are employed, are models of beauty 
and ingenuity. Symmetrically shaped pottery, made of 
moulded mud or clay, is found in nature in the form of birds' 
and insects' nests: in the jaws of the skate is found the 
crushing-mill, and in the tooth of the elephant the grindstone. 
In the ichneumon fly and ihe grasshopper was perfected from 
the first the modern agricultural irnprovtiuent on the hand- 
dibble, the seed-drill. It is only of late years that the use of 
the teasel has been superseded by machinery; and brushes and 
combs, buttODS, hooks, eyes, stoppers, filters, etc., are all 
found in Nature. Tin' principle of the diving-bell and air-tube 
exists in varieties of insects; I irds make beds and hammocks, 
and even sew, and the bower-bird emulates us in the construc- 
tion of ornamental bowers and gardens. Graceful fans exist 
in plants and insects, cisterns in the traveler's tree and the 
camel's stomach, ami natural examples of the balloon and 
Suite. lu other varieties of art, nature has stolen a 
march on man; certain insects make paper of different textures; 
the art known as "nature-printing" was anticipated in the 
ires. Star-strippling, as now used in engraving, to 
produce extra softness "I i Sect, exists in utmost perfection in 
ever; flowi r petal. The caddis-worm, common inall our fresh 
ructs lor itself acircular window-grating which 
admits the water and ye) protects the pupa from injury, an 
exactly like the wheel- windows of a Gothic building. 
There is -i bird in South Africa, the sociable weaver bird, 
which may be looked upon a- a dweller in cities, each pair, 
up P. lb'- number of perhaps three hundred, building its own 
n. -t: while the whole community unite to form a common roof 
or covering of thatch made from acoarse kind of grass, to 
t their habitations from the heavy tropical rains. The 
I 'river- Ants, also found in Africa, an- so sensitive to the fierce 
heat of the sun, that when on their march and obliged to 
cross open ground, tie y const) net n- they goon, ;i light gallery, 
which looks very much like tie lining of a tunnel, t-trip] ed of 
the surrounding earth; see illustration), and if they come to 

P 

>*=;_ ______ . 



thick grass which makes a shelter for them, they take advan- 
tage of it, and only resume the tuunel when they emerge on 
the other side. They are called Driver Ants because they 
drive before them eveiy living creature. There is not an 
animal that can withstand the Driver Ants. In their march 
they carry destruction before tbem, and every beast knows 
instinctively that it must not cross their track. They have 
been known to destroy even the agile monkey, when the 
swarming host had once made a lodgment on its body, and 
when they enter a pig-sty, they soon kill the imprisoned 
inhabitants, whose tough bides cannot shield them from the 
Driver Ants. Fowls they destroy in numbers, killing in a 
single night all the inhabitants of a henroost, and, laving 
destroyed them, have a curious method of devouring them. 

The Rev. Dr. Savage, who has experimented upon these 
formidable insects, killed a fowl and gave it to the ants. At 
first tbey did not seem to pay much attention to it, but he soon 
found that they were in reality making their preparations. 
Large parties of the infects were detached for the purpose of 
preparing a road, and worked with an assiduity which saems 
to be a characteristic of these energetic insects. _ Numbers of 
them were employed in smoothing the road to the nest by 
removing every obstacle out of the way, until, by degrees, a 
tolerably level road was obtained. They are possessed of 
strength which seems gigantic, when compared with their size, 
carrying away sticks four or five times a? large as themselves, 
and never failing to pounce upou any grub or insect that may 
happen to be lurking beneath their shelter. 

Meanwhile the other ants were busy with the fowl. Begin- 
ning at the base of the beak, tbey contrived to pull out the 
feathers one by one, until they stripped it regularly backward, 
working over the head, along the neck, and so on to the body. 
In the illustration a column of Driver Ants is shown on the 
march. The vanguard of the column has crossed the stream 
by means of the living ladder, which is seen suspended from a 
branch, and extended across the water. The fragile tube which 
they build is also shown, and a few of the larger architects are 
drawn of the natural size. 

Not less wonderful than any of these are the trap-door 
spiders. In making their nests they begin by sinking a shaft 
in the ground; it is then lined with a silken web, and closed 
by a circular door, which can scarcely be distinguished from 
the moss and lichens which grow around. The hinges are 
most exactly fitted, and the spider has an extraordinary power 
of closing his door from the inside, and resisting all intrusion. 
It is curious that as we advance in the scale of creation these 
wonderful dwellings cease. Slrange to say, the creature which 
roams at will through the forest, and has no settled resting- 
place, is higher in the scale of life — according to the recognized 
scheme. of naturalists — than the animal that is mechanically 
capable of constructing the most perfect abode! 

Mr. Wood then shows that the "fairy tales of science are 
more full of grace and poetry than the old tales of fairy- land." 
To which we would add they are more fascinating, as well as 
more instructive. 

What can be more beautiful than the little velella, a sea- 
creature like a circular raft, with an upright membrane answer- 
ing to a sail; "semi-transparent, and radiant in many rainbow- 
tinted colors." What more grotesque than the archer-fish, 
which possesses the curious power of feeding itself by shooting 
drops of water at flies, and very seldom failing to secure its 
prey; or the angler-fish, which is endowed by nature with a rod 
and bait ready adjusted. This remarkable creature has an 
enormous mouth; on the top of its head are certain prolonged 
canc-!ikc filaiLcnts, beautifully set in a ring and staple joint, so 






5^ 



JT7YBITILB IKSTBTJCTOR 



27 




as to turn every way; and at the end of these singular appen- 
dages is a little piece of flesh, which, when waved about, looks 
like a worm, and attracts the fi-h, which is then ingulfed in the 
huge jaws of this natural angler. 

Many interesting forms come to us from the water-world, 
suggestive of rafts, boats, oars and anchors. An insect called 
the water boatman is itself both boat and oars, besides being 
its own passenger; the legs with which it rows are fashioned 
in most exact resemblance to the blade of an oar; or we should 
rather say that the blade of an oar resembles the leg of this 
water-boatman. The fragile creature, the Portuguese man-of_ 
war, which traverses the surface of the ocean like a bubble, 
and can at pleasure distend itself with air and float, or discharge 
the air and sink, shows us the principle of the lifediess in 
which Captain Boynton made his daring passage across the 
English Channel. CaMes, too, we have in plenty; the pinna, 
a kind of mussel, anchors itself to some rock or stone with a 
number of silk like threads spun by itself; and the water- 
snail moors itself, perhaps to a water-lily leaf, by means of a 
gelatinous thread, slight, almost invisible, yet very strong, 
which it can elongate at pleasure. in connection with this 
there is a very curious account of a spider, which shows a 
marvelous power of adapatation. Its wheel-like net was in 
danger from a high wind. The spider descended to the ground, 
a depth of abou 1 -, seven feet, and instead of attaching its 
thread to a stone or plant, fastened it to a piece of loose stick, 
hauled it up a few feet clear of the ground, and then went 
back to its web. The piece of stick thus suspended, acted in 
a most admirable manner, giving strength and support, and 
at the same time yielding partly to the wind. By accident 
the thread became broken, and the stick, which was about as 
thich as an ordinary pencil, and not quite three inches in 
length, fell to the ground. The spider immediately descended, 
attached another thread, and hauled it up as before. In a 
day or two, when the tempestuous weather had ceased, the 
spider voluntarily cut the thread and allowed the then useless 
stick to drop. The plan here adopted by the spider is fre- 
quently followed by fishermen, who, during stormy weather at 
sea, ride out the gale by attaching the boat to the yielding 
nets. 

It is natural to expect th it in the art of war and self-defense 
nature should show us an infinite variety; and man has not 
been slow in using his powers to adapt the same principle to 
his own use. If man has armed himself with spears or 
daggers, if he has dug pitfalls or set traps in hunting, his 
most deadly contrivances are but feeble adaptations of the 
weapons, offensive and defensive, with which nature lias 
endowed her offspring. We arc prepared to find the serpent's 
fang a terrible instrument; and we are not surprised that the 
piercing apparatus and sheaths of gnats and fleas, or the 
lancets of mosquitoes when magnified, are dangerous and 
bloodthirsty; bat it is curious to find how many of these deadly 
weapons belong to the vegetable world. The SWord-grass has 
a notched bla )e, which, when magnified, is almost exactly the 
same as the shark tooth UWOrd of Mangaia. There are nettles 
whose sting is sufficiently venomous to cause violent inflam- 
mation, cramp, and even death; und it is well known that 

some of the most graceful plant*, such as Venus' flytrap, 

which is common in the Carolina -. and the drosera, or .-n ode W, 

one of the British plants, arc in facl nothing but -killliil traps 

to catch and digest unwary in lectS. 

Boi f the most curious ol natural defenses are those 

which simulate some form quite different from the true char- 
acter of the creature. The caterpillar to Beem a twig, or a 



moth to. look exactly like a withered leaf. The spider-crab 
might be taken for a moving mass of zoophytes and corallines, 
so thickly is its shell covered with extraneous growths. The 
leaf-insects are so exactly like leaves that the most experienced 
eye can scarcely distinguish them from the leaves among which 
they are placed. We must all have noticed other iustances in 
which the colors of insects, and also the nlumage of birds, 
harmonize in a wonderful way with the scenes in the midst of 
which they are placed. What a freak of nature, for instance, 
are the aphides, the milk-cows of a species of ant; or the 
tailor-bird, which sews leaves together by the edges, and makes 
its nest inside them! It is sufficiently strange, too, to re- 
member that the elaborate process of paper -making was carried 
on by the wasps ages before it was known to the Chinese. 

Nature has known how to turn this as well as her other 
powers to her own use. She has her living galvanic batteries, 
such as the torpedo and the electric eel, both of wLich secure 
their prey by paralyzing it with their electric discharges. And 
the light of the glow-worm and that of the fire-fly, though 
hitherto it has been a a puzzle to naturalists, may, there is 
little doubt, be referred to animal electricity. 



TIT IE FOURTH COM- 
MANDMENT. 

DO all the boys and girls who read the Juvenile Instructor 
understand what the fourth commandment is? For the 
benefit of those unacquainted with it. I will quote from Exodus 
xx. chap., 8, 0, 10 and 11th verses: 

"Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days 
shalt thou labor, aod do all thy work: but the seventh day is 
the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any 
work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, 
nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is 
within thy gates: for in six days the Lord made heaven and 
earth, the sea, and all that ia them is, and rested r he seventh day: 
wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." 

To strictly adhere to the above we should neither work nor 
play on the Sabbath day. And yet how many there are who 
disregard and violate this coram itiliu sntl In the summer time 
some go shooting, fishing and playing ball. In the winter many 
may be found skating sleigh-riding, etc. How very displeasing 
this is in the sight of the Lord! 

The fourth commandment is one of the ten commandments, 
which were written on two tablets of stone, by the hand ot the 
Lord, upon Mount Sinai, and given to Moses, to be observed by 
the children of Israel. If our readers will turn to t he xv. chapter 
of Numbers, and read from the 32nd to the 36lh verses, inclu- 
sive, they will there find out, what punishment was inflicted on 
a man forgathering sticks on the Sabbath day. It is true we 
do not have such strict laws to-day as were in the days of Moses, 
but still these Commandments are just as valid now as they 
were when the Lord wrote them upon Mount Sinai. 

On the Sabbath day we have no right to work or play or do 

anything unnecessarily. It is our duty on that holy day to 
reverence it, by attending Sunday school and afternoon ami 

evening meetings, and if we have any leisure time besides 

doing this, let us employ it in reading the Bible or tiny of our 
('hutch works. It may lie thought that this is a little too 
religious, hut I would say let us live as near this as we can, and 
the Lord will Moss us, and we will feel happy ill so doing. 

Children, let Us strive to do all we have to ilo In six days, but 
on the seventh, keep it holy, and I 'leak not the fourth command" 



incut. 



i; \. 





CT TJ -V E3 3ST I !_. IE HTSTRTJCTOE 




gravels it^ |(mlta. 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 



[Continued.) 



IT'UKNAUIj is situated on a plain, which, at a former period, 
\. must have been a flourishing station. At the time of our 
visit there were only a few Christian families in the place. 
The bungalows were without tenants, dilapidated and crum- 
bling down. The church was also in a ruinous state. The 
many gardens and orchards were neglected, and, upon the 
whole, Kurnaul had a forsaken and deserted appearance. 

From this point, when the weather was clear, we could see 
the range of the Himalaya mountains. It was our intention 
to proceed to Uuibalah, but we were informed there were then 
only a few white families there, and they were scattered over 
the entire district. Elder Willes had also visited the stations 
above, and was utterly rejected by those in authority. We 
concluded to go to the city of Agra. We tarried a week at 
Kurnaul, during which time Mr. Maddock treated us kindly. 
He would have us ride out with him to visit the deserted 
cantonments, the suburbs of the city and the Jumna canai. 

Mr. Maddock, being the postmaster and the government 
agent for the bullock wagons, gave us a free passage to Agra. 
On our way the wagons had to call at the Delhi post office, 
where we laid over for two days, during which time we again 
became the guests of Mr. McNally. Mr. Maddock came on 
to Delhi. Found where we were staying, and, being a thorough 
oriental linguist, took us to several places of note that we had 
not visited before. While in the Jumna Musjid a Mohammedan 
mother came to get a name for her infant child. The function- 
ary of the mosque asked the woman the sex of the child, and 
the precipe time of birth. He then consulted a book of Arabic 
tables and gave the mother a name for her child. The woman, 
n..t being quite able to furnish the fees demanded by the priest 
for hi- service, received from him a soveie rebuke. 

Just before leaving for Agra the Delia G'izct/e, a newspaper 
published in Delhi, contained an article about us. We called 
upon the editors, who began an attack upon us and our dec- 
While the controversy was going on the Rev. Mr. 
Jennings, already alluded to, came in. He soon became mixed 
up in the debate. The editors were glad to haul off, leaving 
Dur friend Mr. Jennings alone. As he was nut in bis own 
bouse this time, we gave him some very good counsel and 
advice, which he did not relish very well The clergyman very 
soon took hi- ha) and bowed out. Mr. WiUby, the chief editor, 
gave us a few papers containing the articli referred to, and 
five rupees to help us on our way. 

We left Delhi post offi.-o in the evening, and the next day 

'ti arrived -it Secundrabad. We called upon Mr. 

McLandere, who appeared glad to ecc us, and bad his servant 

prepare us "tiffin," which was very acceptable to us. We 

continued our journey to Allyghur, where we baited I'm- two 

hours, after which two ws re made ready for Agra. 

being do freight, we had the wagon to ourselves. The 

distance from Allyghur to Agra is fifty miles, which distance 

ide in twenty hours. We crossi d the river Jumna on a 

in bridge, and arrived at the Agra post office at noon, 

We had a letter of introduction to a gentleman by the i 

of Fisher. We obtained the assistance of a cooly and soon 

reached bis residence. We found him to be an American, from 



Massachusetts. He received us very kindly. When dinner 
was prepared his wife and daughter, which comprised his 
family, made their appearance, and we were introduced to 
them. We lost no time in moving about to get acquainted, so 
we first called upon Mr. Gibbon, who was the proprietor of a 
newspaper. He received us very warmly, and introduced us 
to the editor, Mr. Spankie. They appeared anxious to have 
us hold forth in Agra, and advised us to visit a Mr. Newton, 
who had an empty house in the civil lines (outside of canton- 
ments), which would be suitable for the people to meet in. 
We visited the gentleman referred to, who did not appear 
very anxious to rent for that purpose, as he was about to put 
the place through a thorough repair. We next visited a Mr. 
Carter, who had charge of a building that was used as a school 
house for the native children. Mr. Carter was willing for t:s 
to use the building; but upon visiting it, we found it too small, 
without a floor and the doors and "tattas" were gone. We 
returned to Mr. Fisher, having had a walk of nine miles 
before we had our breakfast. We found the bungalows to be 
very much scattered, the civil and military lines occupying a 
vast extent of country. Mr. Fisher owned a suitable unoccu- 
pied bungalow in the cantonments, which he kindly offered to 
us, providing the commanding officer would give us permission 
to use it. This being the 24th of December, we waited until 
Christmas was over and then took another ramble over a por- 
tion of Agra to hunt the residence of Mr. Siddons, the captain 
major of the brigade, win, we were informed, was the most 
likely man tc inform us who the commander was. After con- 
siderable difficulty in our awkward way of mixing English and 
Hindoostanee, in the shape of questions to the natives, we 
came to the residence of the above-mentioned military digni- 
tary. We passed a "chit" into the bungalow by the servant, 
who soon returned, ordering us away in Hindoostanee. We 
had traveled too far and passed through too much in India and 
other 'arjds to be got rid of in this way. Elder Woolley wrote 
on a slip of paper for Major Siddons to give us the name of 
the commander of the station. The servant very reluctantly 
took it into the bungalow and again returned, ordering us 
away and making siirns to carry his orders into execution. 
Elder Woolley raised his umberella and brought it down on 
the native's head ai-king him if he knew who he was talking 
to. This, being seen by the officers in-ide through the glass 
and bamboo wicker-work doors, brought out Major Siddons, 
whose countenance was flushed with rage. He accosted us very 
abruptly, aud asked our business. We enquired of him who was 
the commander of the station, and where he lived. He 
ri plied that Brigadier Falter, (1. B., was the commander, and 
that he lived with him. We then stated that we had a little 
business with him. He went and brought the commander to 
the door, who asked us what we wanted of him. We briefly 
stated who we were and what our business was in Agra. After 
consulting a-ide with Major Siddons, he stated that Major 
Siddons would let us know what to do, and told us to trouble 
him no more. Major Siddons then informed us that we must 
succumb to all cantonment regulations, and let him know 
by letter what house we intended to occupy. Wo returned 
to our friend Mr. Fisher, who gave us the number of the 
bungalow. We wrote to Mr. Siddons, informing him what 
the number was, after which we received the following com- 
munication from him: 

'I am instructed by Brigadier Salter, C. 15., commander at 
Agra station, to inform yon that with the security of Mr. 
Fi-ln-r we will permit you to reside in cantonments at No. 20. 
At the same time, the above is not to be turned into a con- 






S-iC 



}si 




JUTEIsTILB IFST IR,TJ CTOR 



29 




ventiele, or place for holding meeting. There being some 
twenty-six different sects in Agra, each of whom would have 
a elaim to the same privileges which might be accorded to 
you, Brigadier Salter is averse to sanctioning meeting houses 
in military cantonments." 

(To be Continued.) 



iagrajihg. 



cr o s is :p ih: smith 

IP ZR, O IF IK IE? T . 



TZHZIE 



( Continued. ) 



JOSEPH was much beloved by the Saints. It was a 
different feeling to that entertained by children for a parent, 
or by husbands and wives for each other. It was love and 
veneration combined. We understand the feeling better than 
we can describe it. It was not a disposition to worship him, 
yet it was probably as it,uch akin to that as could be felt for 
mortal man and not be sinful. To us he always looked angelic, 
and to the eyes of the majority, probably, he appeared similar. 
You can understand, therefore, children why the brethren 
were so glad to see him. They hugged and kissed him, and 
cried with joy. It was a great relief to them to find him 
alive and well. They had been anxious about his safety; for 
they knew if his enemies should succeed in running him off to 
Missouri, what his fate would be could the mobbers of that 
State have their way. But now they saw him, and they were 
with him to defend him. If he had to die, it would be a 
pleasure to die defending him. There was no necessity, how- 
ever, for this. Reynolds and Wilson would have been pleased 
to have raised a mob to kidnap or kill him; but they had been 
thwarted, and they were powerless. 

.) iseph told his lawyers that Nauvoo was the nearest place 
where writs of habeas corjyus could be heard and determined. 
This power was granted unto the Municipal Court of Nauvoo 
in the charter given by the State Legislature. The lawyers 
examined the subject, and decided he was correct. They 
turned their steps towards Nauvoo, which gladdened Joseph 
very much. Once there and he felt that he would be among 
his friends and safe, lie sent a messenger to Nauvoo to inform 
the people of this change, the news of which was received 
with great pleasure by them. 

This was on the 29th of June, 1843. On the next day the 
Nauvoo Brass and Martini Bands, and Joseph's wife — who 
had proceeded to Nauvoo after his arrest — his brother llyrum, 
and a number of the principal inhabitants in carriages, started 
to meet him. By the time the company met Joseph it had 
Swelled to a considerable size, and with the company that was 
with him (one hundred and forty men on horseback) the pro- 
cession became an imposing one. When the company from 
the Olty same UP, Joseph said lie thought ho would ride a little' 

easier, and hi- got out of the buggy in which he had been 
riding. He embraced his wife and his brother Hy mm, who 

sheil tears of joy at his return; and in this they Were not alone, 

the i i of the great oompanj did the -a me. Joseph mounted 

his favorite horse, "Old Charley," which bad been brought 
out to meet him, the band itrunk up "Hail Columbia," and 
the procession marohed towards the city. 




The situation was a novel one. Joseph was a prisoner 
in the hands of Reynolds, the agent of Missouri, and Wilson, 
his assistant. They were prisoners in the hands of Sheriff 
Campbell, who had delivered Joseph and them into the hands 
of Colonel Markham, and they were all guarded by the breth- 
ren from Nauvoo, so that none of them could escape. But 
Joseph did not go into Nauvoo as a prisoner. His march was 
like that of a conqueror. The scene was an exceedingly 
interesting one. As the procession neared the city the streets 
were lined on both sides with the people, whose faces beamed 
with joy at seeing their beloved prophet and leader once more 
safe. Amid their cheers, the firing of cannons and the most 
intense enthusiasm Joseph marched into the city. So great was 
the eagerness to see him and get close to him that it required a 
number of men to keep the streets open for the procession to 
pass. Joseph's mother was at his house awaiting his arrival, 
and tears of joy rolled down her aged cheeks as she beheld 
and embraced her beloved son, and welcomed him once more 
in safety from the hands of his enemies. 

Joseph's friends who had come with him from Dixon beheld 
these scenes with astonishment. They had never seen such a 
sight. They had heard him called an impostor and false 
prophet, and that he was a tyrant, seeking to enslave his fol- 
lowers, and to get power and riches at their expense. But 
these exhibitions of love and devotedness, which they saw 
extended on all hands towards him, could not be the tribute 
which a people in free America brought and laid at the feet of 
one who had deceived and oppressed them. It was not fraud 
and violence, deception and wrong that called forth such mani- 
festations as these. The people's best earthly friend, their 
affectionate father, guide and counselor had been preserved 
from threatening and serious danger, and had been brought 
back to thejui again, and the pent up feelings of their hearts, 
broke forth with a power which almost surprised themselves; 
for they scarcely knew the depth of their own fee'.ings and the 
strength of their attachment towards him. It required an 
extraordinary occasion like the present, when he whom they 
loved had just escaped a groat paril, to make them fully con- 
scious of how near he was to them. 

The multitude seemed unwilling to disperse without heai'ng 
his voice. So he climbed the fence, and told them that he was 
out of the hands of the Missourians again, for which he 
thanked God; and he thanked them for all their kindness and 
love to him and blessed them in the name of the Lord. lie 
then told them that he should address them at the grove, near 
the Temple, at four o'clock that afternoon. 

Joseph took a course to heap coals of fire upon the heads of 
his euemies. At dinner there were about fifty of his friends 
present, and he placed Reynolds and Wilson at the head of the 
table, and they were served, with the best that he hail, by his 
wife, whom they had so cruelly refused to allow Joseph to see 
when they arrested him. If they were capable of feeling 
shame, they must have felt it then. Men with any feeling of 
honor or sensibility would have been overhelined with confu- 
sion and remorse in their position, and would never have rested 
until they made all the amends in their power. Rut a man 
might a* well hope to bring wolves and tigers to a sense of 
wrong doing, or of shame, as to make these men have any 
feelings of compunotion and sorrow for their outrageous and 
barbarous conduct Their hearts were like stone, incapable of 

any humane and kindly feeling, and if they could have had 

Joseph in their powor they would have treated him as badly as 

ever. 

(To be Continued.) 





30 



J" TJ "V ES IT I H. E HTSTRUCTOE- 




iffh$ Jjmienilq |(nstrtidoi[. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1879. 



EZDITOZRULIL THZOTJC3-HITS. 




, the youth of this Territory ever seriously 
think of the many things for which they 
have cause to be thankful? Do they re- 
flect on the variety of ways in which they 
are highly favored? For they are highly 
favored in many respects, much more so 
than their parents were in their younger 
days. 

The parents were born in lands far distant 

from this, and, after hearing the gospel and 

^Sfc, accepting it, they found that it was their duty 

to leave the lands of their birth, break up their 

business, sell their property, bid adieu to their 

relatives, friends and acquaintances, and gather 

in this part of the world, where they m : ght be 

more free to build up the kingdom of God in a 

manner that would be acceptable to Him. 

Most of the children who reside here were born in 
this part of the country. It is their native place, and on that 
account it posses:- esmany strong attract ions for them which other 
places do not. The children are not called, as their parents 
were, to sever their dearest natural ties and to go forth to a 
far country and establish themselves. They are born in that 
part of the world where the Lord wishes them to le, and, as 
the land of their nativity, it is endeared to them much more 
than it tan be naturally to the parents. It is a great trial to 
many people to leave their native land forever, where all their 
early associations were formed and enjoyed for many years, 
travel thousands of miles with scanty means, and cast their 
lot in another land, where, perhaps, they have no relatives 
and few if any acquaintances. Nothing but the highest 
religious motives would cause many people to do this. Yet 
all this the parents in this community have had to do; but the 
-Mine necessity i- nol laid upon the children, and in this they 
are more highly Favored than many of them are aware. 

In those parts of the world where the parents were brought 
up there were very few people who had obeyed the gospel, or 
were willing to receive it. but many of them bated it and those 
who accepted it, without any Rood reason. They spoke evil 
of them falsely, and tried in many ways to do them injury. 
The children here are not subject to this treatment a hundredth 
part as much as tin sir pan tits were. Being mostly born of 
parents who have obeyed the gospel and who are engaged in 
building up the kingdom of God, the children have every 
encouragement to obey the gospel and engage in the same 
good work as their parents are engaged in. The children have 
not half the trials to endure, not half the unpleasant things 
to discourage them, that the parents had, and they should 
consider themselves greatly favored in this and try to become 
better men and women that their parents are. 

Many of the parents were not taught the principles of the 
gospel when they were young, but had to wait until they 
heard the same from a servant of < >od i-cnt unto them from a 
far country. The children bear the sound of the gospel from 

.0 



their infancy, and are taught its principles by their parents 
and friends from youth up. In this the advantages of the 
youth are much greater than those of their parents were in 
their youth. 

The parents have been endeavoring for many years to keep 
the commandments of the Lord, to do that which is right 
before Him, to abstain from all evil ways, to refrain from the 
filthy habits of smoking and chewing tobacco, or drinking 
strong drinks, whereby they would lose their rightful faculties 
in a greater or less degree. This is a great advantage to the 
youth if they knew it, as, being taught perfectly, both by pre- 
cept and example, it would be much easier for them than for 
their parents to adopt good habits iu all these particulars, 
because many of the parents have had to break themselves of 
various bad habits which they had contracted through the bad 
teaching and bad company with which they had met in the 
early pirt of their lives. The children have had the advantage 
of being brought up where those bad habits do not prevail, 
and consequently they need not find it hard to adopt the 
good habits of their parents and their friends. 

In all these things and many others the children are much 
more happily situated than most of their parents were. We 
hope these few hints will set young people to thinking on these 
impoitant matters, and lead them to properly prize the 
privileges which are theirs to enjoy. 



The Hair Snakes. — The idea that the hair snakes come 
from hairs thrown into water, is much more universal than 
you may suppose. It was only the other day that a lady said: 

"You needn't tell me that it isn't so, because I've pulled 
hairs out of my own head and put them in water, and have 
seen them turn into snakes before my own eyes." 

She might have seen the hairs move with the motion of the 
water, and so made up her miud that they must have turned 
to snakes. You may feel very sure, however, that no hair put 
into water ever became a snake. In fact the so-sailed hair- 
snake is only a worm. You will find it at certain seasons of 
the year in small pools of water, and even on wet or damp 
cabbages. 

Examine one through a microscope and you will see that it 
has little ring- around its long, slender body. It is what sci- 
entific books call an annulated worm. 

There is one very strange thing about these creatures; they 
are never still, but conslantly wriggling about. Neither do 
they stretch themselves to their full length when on the ground, 
but curl themselves up in some way or other. 

You have seen an ordinary earth worm crawling into his hole, 
and have noticed that he pulls his body in almost a straight 
line; but when the hair worm creeps, his body is generally in 
the form of a semi-circle. 

You remember the notices in the papers about a great 
"shower of snakes" in Memphis, Tcnn., about two years 
since. These were our hair worms; and, as they were found 
only in one place in the city, scientific men thought that the 
heavy storm must have blown and washed them fr <m some 
neighboring pool or garden. 

I-'.. i such little fellows they seem to be just crowded with 
life, it being comparatively difficult to kill them when in water. 



That which is good to be done, cannot be done too soon; 
and if it is neglected to be done early, it will frequently hap- 
pen that it will not be done at all. 





O-IJVEITILE HTSTBITCTOE/. 



31 



THE HEBOIT. 



HERE we have a very pretty picture of a Heron feeding 
her young ones. The mother ha* succeeded in capturing 
a fish, and she is in the act of disgorging it for the benefit of 
her voracious brood. 

The breeding places are usually in the vicinity of rivers, in 
low, marshy swamp-, affording concealment. Coues says: 




ducing as a graphic description of the habits of these birds. 
The great blue Heron, or "blue crane," as it is commonly 
called, has been alluded to before in the Instructor, as a 
bird found in this region. Its nest is a large bed of twigs, 
more or less matted together with grasses and weeds. The 
eggs are about two-and-a-half inches long by one-and-a-half 
in width. The color is a pale, dull, greenish blue. The bird 
itself is readily recognized by its great hight, its dignified 




"Where the rivi r Bow d e|>o«i an 1 -wifiest cutting its way 
through bold iMTiynii- thu riau ft owning ou either hand like 
the battlements of giaui otttl •- rhere the fervid lays of the 
sun heat the rock a nil ilic,' ulm >-t crack, aad the Band blisters 
the feet — there the II >n- fii their nasts, overhanging ilie 

element whei the) draw - iSsistonce." 

This is a very sensible thing for the il -mh- to do; and, as 
it will apply to the II srbn fa uily io general, it is worth repro- 



O 




leiring and bright blue color, It is :i beautiful bird. 

We have several varieties of Heron in this region, and a 
woid of caution may !»• given to those who happen to bo 
unacquainted with their habits, If approached by any person 
either when wounded or in captivity they are very apt to peck 
at hid faoe, and especially at his eyes. Several persona in our 
Territory have been almost or quite deprived of their eyesight 
by incautiously bundling these birds. All the Herons are 




>~^ 33 



J" TJ "V E2 1ST X 3_, JE I1TSTRUCTOB 




dangerous in this respect. One very pretty' bird belonging to 
this family, a variety of egret, was presented to the Deseret 
Museum by .Mr. J. L. Townseud, a naturalist of considerable 
ability. The eeret is a true Heron, possessing long plumes 
(aigrettes) such as maybe >een in the engraving. The Herons 
vary much in their plumage at different times of the year, 
some of them, at the breeding season, are adorned with mag- 
nificent crests and tail feathers, some of which are much 
sought after for purposes of adornment as head dresses and 
plumes. 

The flesh of the Heron was formerly, throughout Europe, 
esteemed a delicacy, and in the days of falconry it was one of 
the principal objects of the chass. The laws of England at 
that period prohibited the killing or taking of this bird by any 
other means than hawkiug or with the long-bow. 

W e are not aware of the Plerons of our country ever being 
used f >v food, and where they are killed it is for mere wanton 
sport. 



SGIE1TTIFIC ZDI^ZLOO-TTIE. 



BY J. L. BARFOOT. 




BETWEEN PRECEPTOR AND PUPIL. 

1)UPLL— From your remarks about the greattruths revealed 
to man in primitive times through Abraham, and in these 
day- by Joseph Smith, I formed the opinion that the prophet 
Joseph did not understand the full import of the revelation 
made known to him. Did you intend me to understand that 
such was the case? There could be no mistake in the spirit 
of prophecy! 

Preceptor.— I am glad to find you so jealous for the 
reputation of this truly great man— the restorer of the gospel 
of our Lord Jesus Christ— and will endeavor to show you that 
this in nu way impairs the veracity of Joseph Smith, or 
diminishes anything from the value of his testimony. Vol- 
might be written to show that the prophet Joseph was 
inspired by the sprit of truth, but I will only direct your 
attention now to one feature of his mission ns a prophet: all 
his administrations were in fulfillment of ancient prophecies- 
\- to his not understanding all the truth of his own utterances 
u- a prophet, this is another feature of the true spirit of 
prophecy both in ancient and modern times. The spirit of 
revelation makes known the purposes of God— something to 
be done, and which, when accomplished, will verify the pre- 
diction. You read carefully that part of the revelation given 
to Joseph in June, 1829, about the Twelve Apostles; read 
whal was dun.' in 1835, when they were called and ordained; 
read the history of the doings of the Twelve, and remember 
all this w:i< written before anything was accomplished. Read 
mse I, Jesus Christ, your Lord and your God, have 
spoken it. No wonder that the full import of the words 
Bn . ou,d ""' l,, ' r 1,cc n known, they are even yet not acccm- 
plished in full. The advocates and believers in the "new 
Phase of thought,' the topic of our former conversation, do 
not try to obtain the spirit of revelation from Jesus Christ. 
They aim at proving that there is no such being. They boast 
of and daim revelations from the exact sciences to prove the 
truth of their assumptions, and then begin by denying God, 
il, i future life, moral responsibility and conscience! 
the very things which distinguish man from the brute creation! 
I w:mt you to distinguish between science, falsely so called! 
and th;it which is in harmony with rc-Telation. All correct 



scieuce is part of the great system of truth, the scheme of 
creation, and interwoven with the gospel of salvation. 

Pi'PlL. — Do you think, sir, there is anything wrong in my 
making myself acquainted with the principles of science? 

Preceptor. — There is nothing wrong in making yourself 
thoroughly acquainted with scientific ideas, but you must be 
sure they are such. One very popular writer says: "Science 
is organized common sense. ' ' And yet this gentleman ridicules 
the idea that the soul survives the body. He says in another 
place: "the conclusion that a man's consciousness survives the 
bidy is an unproved doctrine about body and mind." And 
that "such a conclusion can be at be^t, in the present state of 
our knowledge, a hope, a conjecture, an aspiration; it can 
have no claim to be regarded as a known fact." Now com- 
mon sense tells us all that we cannot know these things 
experimentally unless we die and are resurrected; we may 
receive the evidence of others, or we may receive as evidence 
the universal desires of humauity for such "hope, conjecture, 
and aspiration" as find a place in every human heart that is 
not steeled against the reception of the only kind of testimony 
that can be given to us in the nature of things. And then 
this writer insists upon it that "those who hold it (the 
dostrine of the resurrection) may think it highly probable, 
they may strongly desire it should be true, they may expect 
that better evidence will shortly be forthcoming, but they 
cannot be justified in teaching it to little children as a known 
fact." This kind of science, metaphrazed into the common 
dialect of "organized common sense," means: we are not justi- 
fied in teaching the truth of the doctrine of the resurrection 
to our children because we have not verified it by having 
passed through death, and been resurrected! 






Ill' 1!. F. f. 



JR. 



WOULD the little readers of the Instructor like to take 
a walk with me in a famous pleasure park? Very well, 
if they do, let them just imagine that they arc in the great 
city of Boston, a city which is celebrated for its learning, 
refinement and art. 

We will imagine that we have been riding in the cars five 
days and five nights from Ogdcn, and have just arrived in 
Boston. It takes that time to make the trip. 

"To-o-o-t," sounds the whistle, "ding dong, ding dong," 
goes the hell. 

"Swi-sh-sh-sh," hisses the escaping steam, as the train 
rolls into the depot, a great building nearly as long as the 
Tabernacle in Salt Lake City. 

We step off the car to the platform, and find ourselves in 
a rushing, bustling, hurrying crowd, with a great variety of 
bewildering sounds and noises greeting our cars. 

"Shine yer boots; only five cents!" shouts half a dozen boot- 
blacks in chorus, a chorus, however, which has never been 
set to music. 

"'Braid, five er'clock!" shouts a newsboy at our elbow. 
He means that he has for sale the five o'clock edition of the 
lie all. a leading newspaper. 

'"Ack?" "Right this Way for a carriage!" shout a long 
row of hackmen from behind an iron railing, where the y are 
required to remain, so as not to be in the way of passengers. 

We think wc will not take a carriage, but will walk to a 
hotel, so as to see the sights. 





JTJVEITILE 1HSTBUOTOR 



33 





We are hurried along with the crowd out into the street, 
which is hut three or four rods wide, and crowded with vehicles 
of every description. We do not know which way to go, and 
pause a moment on the thronged side walk, to take oar bearings, 
but in vain. And so we rush on a square or two till we meet 
a man dressed in blue. He is a police officer. We ask him 
which way to go, namiDg the hotel at which we design stop- 
ping. He gives us brief but explicit directions, and we move 
on, pausing occasionally to view the many sights that meet 
the eye. 

Good gracious! how crooked the streets are! We have 
come to the end of the one we were on and can see half a 
dozen others leading in different directions, some wide, some 
narrow, some very crooked indeed, some not so crooked, but 
none of them straight for a very long distance. We feel 
bewildered, but we espy another policeman, and he soon puts 
us right. At last we reach the hotel, feeling quite relieved. 
We write our names in the hotel register, a polite porter takes 
our baggage to our room, and the bell boy leads us up stairs 
to it. As it was dark when the train came in we will wait till 
morning to take our walk. 

The sun is bright and the a'r clear as we leave the hotel in 
the morning. Now we are in Washington Street, the Broadway 
of Boston. Now we pass up Brattle Street to Tremont, and 
find ourselves near a great church, called Park Street Church. 
Near this church is an entrance to the "Common." 

Boston Common is a tract of land as large as a great farm, 
lying in the heart of the city. Largo sums of money are 
annually expended on it to keep it in order. There are beau- 
tiful graveled or sanded walks, leading under rows of trees 
planted so thickly as to resemble a forest. A neatly mown, 
velvet-like turf covers the surface. Hundreds of little 
sparrows flit through the trees and alight on the ground, 
seeming to have no fear of us. Pretty little wooden houses, 
about a foot square, are placed in the trees for the sparrows 
to live in. 

We pass through the Park Street entrance and find our- 
selves inside of an iron fence, on a broad, smooth walk, 
covered with coarse .-and. We walk on a few rods when we 
come to a confectionery stand. We buy some candy or some 
nut- :i i j. 1 pass on. Now we come to a queer looking thing. 
Tt is a chair suspended from some poles that are set up like 
the frame of an Indian wick e-up. The chair is suspended 
from the hook of a weighing apparatus. "Only two cent si" 
says tin' man who owns the strange-looking thing, "Only two 
cents to tell how much yon weigbl v We see now what the 
thin'-' is fur. It is to weigh people. One of us pays the men 
two cent* and takes :, -i.it in the chair. It feels like sitting 
in a swing. A hand and dial tell the Dumber of pounds. 
After being weighed we pi-s on to a man win stands near a 

telescope, mounted on three legs, lie is saying that for 

ten cents any person may look tbrougb the telescope at the 

sun; and they may also look through Beveral mounted micro- 

at a human hair, a dr< p of marsh water, a drop of 

human bl I etc. We pay ten cents, the man adjusts the 

telescope, and wc take a peep ii old Bol, Then we lp >k 
through the first mioroscopeal a human hair, on the end of 
which is the little bulb, just as it was pulled from the scalp. 
The hair and bulb look a- hn mall onion. We then 

take a peep at a drop of water taken from a sail marsh near 
the aea shore. 0, what queer little creatures we see sporting 
In the tingle drop of water 1 They seem to have plenty 
of room. too. There are several different kind- of animals 
i lint would be hard to describe. The largest appears to be 



the size of a small fly, but it does not look like a fly. It looks 
rather more like a small tadpole. It has a tail like a tadpole's, 
which wiggles very fast, and it seems to have but one eye, which 
is placed in the centre of its head. It is a very lively little 
creature, and is called a cyclop. We then look through the 
next microscope at a drop of human blood. We can see, in 
the red fluid, a great many little balls or globules. 

Having looked in all the microscopes w6 pass on. Next we 
see a man who is surrounded by a crowd of boys. He is 
winding a string around something. Is he winding up a top? 
No; it is not a top. Now he holds the thing in his hand, and 
gives a strong pull at the cord which he has been winding it 
up with, and whiz-z-z hum-rc she goes, and look! up higher 
than the trees flies something that looks like a wheel made of 
tin. Now it comes down close to the man who sends it up. 
Now he asks the crowd to buy one of the curious toys. He 
calls them ".shooting stars." We walk on following beautiful, 
broad graveled walks, shaded by rows of tall elm trees We 
pass a man with a stand, on which is a bucket full of lemonade, 
labeled "two cents a glass," a number of apple, peanut and 
candy stands, and at length we see a beautiful little wagon drawn 
by a goat. A boy who owns this funny outfit tells u? we may 
ride one at a time, across the common, for five cents. One of 
us gets in and away the goat runs with the wagon, jingling the 
bells attached to its harness, making the rest ot us run to keep 
up. We then wander on, following winding paths, seeing 
notices at every turn to "keep oft' the grass," with which 
the ground is carpeted. At length we find ourselves at the 
side of the common opposite the gate at which we entered, and 
near the entrance to the public gardens, which are separated 
from the Common by a street. We retrace our steps, though 
by different paths, and on our way back we see a man who owns 
a stand on which is placed an electric machine, He says that 
we may try how strong a current we can stand, for five cents. 
We pay the five cents and take hold of two handles. The 
man starts the current and we feel a very queer, prickling sensa- 
tion in our arms and hands. He makes the current stronger. 
Our hands shake very much, and we can't keep them steady. 
He makes the current still stronger, and it begins to convulse 
our bodies, till we tell the man to stop. He shuts off the cur- 
rent, and we feel all right. A hand and dial tell how strong tl e 
current was. 

Next we sec a man with a machine, on a table, which lie 
calls "a lung test." We pay him three cents, and he lets us 
try the strength of our lungs. This is done by blowing, as 
hard as ever wc can, through a tube. A hand and dial tell the 
pressure of air in the machine, and thus indicate the strength 
of our lungs. 

At length, having had a very pleasant walk, ill a very beauti- 
ful park, dining which we have learned several lessons in 
science, practically applied, we find Ourselves near an entrance 
Opening into Tremont Street, and from there we take a street 

ear to our hotel. 



As benevolence is the most sociable of all virtues, so it is 
of the largest extent; for there is not any man either so 
o.* so little as to be incapable of giving and receiving bene- 
fits 



PaoPANm never did any man the least g I, \ an is 

richer, or happier, or wiser for it. [t commends tie to 

society, it is disgusting to the refined, and abominable to the 

good. 



.y, 



J{ 



w 



^ 



34: 



JUVENILE IlTSTBrOTOR. 




^ttrtositu^ in |giuuai( jfaoil. 



AMONG THE ABYSSINIANS 



THE food and manner oPeatiogit in Abyssinia arc described by 
Mr. Wood, in bis ' Uncivilized Racesof Men," as follows; 
'The 'staff of life' is prepared in Ahyssinia much after the 
same fashion as in other parts of Africa, the grain being 
ground between two stones, and then made into a sort of very 
thin paste, about the consistency of gruel. This paste is 
allowed to remain in a jar for a day and night in order to 
become sour, and is then taken to the oven. This is a very 
curious article, being a slab of earthenware in which a concave 
hollow is made, and furnished with a small cover of the same 
material. A tire is made beneath the oven, nr 'magogo,' as 
it is termed, and when it is hot the laker, who is always a 
woman, proceeds to work. 

''She first rubs the hollow with an oily seed, in order to prevent 
the bread from adhering to it, and then with a gourd ladle 
takes some of the thin dough from the jar. The gourd holds 
exactly enough to make one loaf, or rather cake. With a 
rapid movement the woman spreads the dough over the entire 
hollow, and then puts on the coyer. In two or three minutes 
it is removed, and the bread is peeled off in one flat circular 
piece, some eighteen inches in width, and about the eight of 
an incV. in thickness. This bread, called 'teff,' is the ordinary 
diet of an Abyssinian. It is very sour, very solt," and very 
spongy, and requires an experienced palate to appreciate it. 
There are several other kinds of bread, but the teff is that 
which is most valued. 

"Aa to the meat diet of the Abyssinians, it may be roughly 
divided into cooked and uncooked meat. Cooked meat is u-ually 
prepared from the least valued parts of the animal. It is cut up 
into little pieces, and stewed in a pot, togetherwith other ingre- 
dients, a c insiderable quantity of butter, and such an amount 
of capsicum poda that the whole mess is of a light red color, 
and a drop of it le ives a red stain on any garment on which it 
may happen to fall. This paste is called 'dillikh,' and is made 
by grinding together a quantity of capsicum pods and an 
equal amount of onions, to which an 1 added ginger, salt, black 
pepper, ami other herbs, ace irding to the taste of the pre- 
parer. The poorer class, who cannot afford meat, can still 
make dillikh paste, and live almost entirely on teff, clotted 
milk, and dillikh 

"Bat the great treat for an Abyssinian epicure is the 'broundo,' 
or raw meat Not an Abyssinian will eat any animal which 
has incisor teeth in its upper jaw, and, like the Jews, they 
even reject the camel, li icause it lias not a cloven hoof. 

"A' rding to the account given by Bruce, when a dinner 

party ia assembled, a cow is brought to the door of the house, 
bound, flung down, and a few drops of its bid d poured on the 
ground in order to save the letter "f the M isaic law. The 
butchers then cut large strips of meat from the poor beast, 
taking care to avoid the vit:il pari- and larger vessels, and 
managing • > a- to fin ive the II ssh without much effusion of 

hi 1. 

Phe -till warm flesh i- taken within the house where it ijj 
jltc I in'" strips by tie- m sn, an 1 h inded to the women who 
sit by their -ide. The women cut it up into -mall squares, lay 
it on the 'teff' bread, season it. plentifully with the diilikh 
paste, roll it up into ball-, and push the hall- into the mouth 
their companion, wl its until he is satisfied, and then 



reciprocates the attention by making up a couple of similar 
balls, and putting them into the mouths of the women. 
Mead and tedge are then consumed as largely as the meat. 

"Mansfield Parkyns, who lived so long with the Abyssinians, 
dressed like them, fed like them, and accommodated himself 
in most respects to their mode of life, found that meat was 
always, if possible, eaten in the raw state, only the inferior 
qualities being made fit for consumption 1>3 7 cookery. His 
description of the mode of eating tallies exactly with that of 
Bruce. 'I he meat is always brought to the consumer while 
still warm and quivering with life, as it becomes tough and 
stringy when suffered ro become cold. Each guest is furnished 
with plenty of teff and the invariable pepper sauce. His 
fingers take the place of a fork, and his sword or shotel, does 
duty for a knife Holding the broundo in his left hand, he 
takes into bis capacious mouth as much as it can accommodate, 
and then, with an adroit, upward stroke of the sword, severs 
the piece of meat, and just contrives to avoid cutting off his 
no>e. He altern ites the pieces of meat with teff and dillikh, 
and, when he has finished, refreshes himself copiously with 
drink 

"Mr. Parkyns, found that he soon became accustomed to 
the taste of raw meat, and learned how to prefer ouo part of an 
animal to another. He discovered that a very good imitation 
of au oyster could lie i, adc by chopping up a sheep's liver very 
fine, and seasoning it with pepper, vinegar, and a little salt 
provided that the cou-uiuer shut, his eyes while eating it. He 
even learned to appre ate a dish called chogera, which seems 
to be about the <•■ \ ... me of abomination. It consists of the 
liver and stomach chopped up fine, mixed wiih a little of the 
half-digested eras 1 : found in the stomach, flavored with the 
contents of the gal bladder, pf ntifully seasoned with pepper, 
sa't, an! onions, aa I ea'en uncooked. 

"An Aby.-sinian's digestion is marvelous, and almost rivals 
that of a pike, which w II diire.-t half of a fish in its stomach 
while the other half i- protruding from its mouth. He will 
go to any number of Feasts in a day, and bring a fine fresh 
appetite to each ol th in. consuming at a meal a quantity that 
would suffice lor seven or eight hungry Englishmen." 



_A. DIALOGUE 



Bitwcen a Gentile Gnn'le.man and a "Mormon"' Boy, 

Gextilk Gkxtlvmax 'So you are a Mormon, are you, my 
boy " 

"Morm v" B <\ "I am. sir." 

c, G.— "How is Unit'" 

M 11 — "My patents urn "Mormons," as you call them, and 
tiny taught me their religion, which some pei pie call 'Mormon- 
is m ■ ' ' 

G G. — "Is not that the proper name nf it " 

M IS— "No, sir That is ;i sort of nickname, or name of 
ridicule, given in derision by unfriendly people." 

G. li- " Well, what do you call your roligioi//" 

M. B. — "I call it the religion of Jesus Christ, as my parents 
do." 

(i. G. — " Why, do you believe in .li^us Christ':" 

M. I!. —"Certainly 1 do. So do my father and mother, and all 
other people ought to do -.. " 

<; (J —"Why" 

M B.— "Becausj the religion of' Jesus Christ is the only true 
religion. As the Bible says, there i- no n:nne given under heaven 
whereby men can he saved, only that of .li-sus Christ." 

i; a — "Do yon believe in the Bible'." 

M. I'.. — "Yes, sir." 




ii 






JUYEITILE HTSTBTJCTOB 



35 




-"Do you read it?" 

-''0, yes-, sir. I read it at home and at the Sur.day 



G. G.- 
M. B. 

school." 

G. G. — "Do you go to the Sunday school?" 

M. B. — Tes, sir, every Sunday morning." 

G. G.— "Do you like to go there'i" 

M. B— "Tes, sir." 

G. G— "Why?" 

M. B.— "Because I am taught the word of God there, and told 
what is my duty towards Him and towards my parents and all 
other people." 

G. G.— "Why do people call you and others of your religion 
'Mormons?' " 

M. B.— "From the Book of Mormon, which was so called 
because it was mostly written by a man -whose name was Mor- 
mon." 

G. G.— "Where did he live?" 

M. B.— "On this continent of North America." 

G. G.— "When?" 

M. B.— "About 1400 years ago." 

G. G.-"Who was he:" 

M. B.— "He was a servant of God, and a prophet." 

G. G —"What does the Book of Mormon contain?" 

M. B. — "It is a short history of the ancient inhabitants of 
America, and of God's dealings with them." 

G. G.— "Do you mean the forefathers of the Indians'." 

M. B.— "Yes, sir." 

G. G.— "Did the Lord reveal His will to them'" 

M. B.— "Yes, sir. At different times in their history He called 
and sent prophets among them to teach them His will." 

G. Q —'-Did they receive the prophets and their message'.'" 

M. B.— "Sometimes they did, and would become a good and 
great and happy people. Sometimes they did not, and then they 
fell into darkness and sin, until they became filled with all man- 
ner of wickedness, doing that which was evil continually, like 
some people do now. Then the Lord would withdraw His spirit 
from them and leave them to their own evil doings, until they 
either quarrel. ed and destroyed one another, or they were wasted 
away by the judgments which God permitted to come upon 

them-" 
G. G.— "Did those people know anything about Jesus 

Christ'" 

M- B — "Tes, sir. Their prophets spoke of Him hundieds of 
years before He came upon this earth in the flesh. After His 
resurrection He appeared to people in America and appointed 
twelye apostles, and instructed them to teach the people and 
build up His church on this continent." 

G. G.— "How late a date does the history of these people in the 
book of Mormon come down to' " 

j[. ]{._'-]t comes down to a little more than four hundred 

years after Christ." 

G. (J. "Why does it nut come down to a later date?" 

\[ i; — "Becau q by tbatt'me most of the people on this conti- 
nent had become very wicked and were engaged in continual 
wars with each other. So the prophet Mormon, instructed by 
the Lord, made a brief history of the people from the earliest 
times, and hi- son Moroni hid it in the earth, to come forth again 
by direction <>f the L>rd in tin: latter days." 

<; g.— "Well, how did this history come forth again':" 

M. B— "The Lord reve*led to Joseph Smith the place where 
it was hid, and instructed him to procure it?" 

G. Q —"How was this record, or history, made?" 

\l B. "It was engraved on thin metallic plates, in a language 

not known at the lime Joseph Smith obtained them." 

c (; —"Where were these plates hid?" 

M. B.— "In the State of New York." 

<;. (; _o;vhcn did Joseph Smith obtain them?" 

M B.— "Between flfty and sixty years ago." 

<;. G.—" What did he do with them?" 

M B.— "He translated the i tents of part ol them, by be 

power of God, and those content* constitute the Book of M irmon." 

G <;. -"What did be do with the plates after he had translated 

em'.'" 



M. B — "He gave them to an angel of the Lord, who appeared 
to him." 

G G. — "Does the Book of Mormon teach the same doctrine 
that is contained in the Bible?" 

M. B. — "Yes, sir " 

G. G. — "Well, this is a very extraordinary story, and I must 
inquire further about it at another time. I will bid you good 
morning, now." 

M. B. — "Good morning, sir." 



►*~^---»H 



^ptagter jjoi; the %\tt\t 4) m §* 



A SONG 



[Tune "ChamjMgne Charlie"^ 



God h as an ear for all we say, 
In the night and in the day; 
When it's dark, and when it's light, 
We are ev-er in His sight. 

Oh, how good we ought to be, 
And from evil ev-er free; 
Pray to God to make us good; 
Thank Him for our dai-ly food: 

]S T ev-er smoke or use strong drink; 
Nev-er any evil think; 
Fer-vent be in dai-ly pray-er; 
Sab-bath break-ing nev-er dare; 

JS T ev-er steal, or lie, or swear, 
Nor our books or cloth-ing tear; 
When we play, be kind and meek; 
No bad words be heard to speak; 

Nev-er be with bad folks seen; 
Keep our-selves and cloth-ing clean; 
Nev-er quar-rcl, nev-er light; 
Al-ways say and do what's right; 

Try and keep our bod-ies pure; 
Let no evil ways al-lure; 
Faith-ful to the truth re-main, 
Then e-ter-nal lives we'll gain. 

Yam. 



Many, persons consider thomselves friendly when they arc 
only officious; they counsel not so much that you may bccouie 

wise, as that they may be known as teachers of wisdom. 



o 



) 



>^- 




>"vi 33 



J- XJ "V EJ 1ST I Hi IE INSTBTJCTOB 



<P\ 



DEAL GENTLY 



Music by L. D. Edwards. 




Think gen 
Speak gen 



tly of the er - ring one! 0, let us not for - get, How-ev- er darkly 
tly of the er - ring ones! We yet may lead them back, With ho - ly words, and 

Off: :£: :£:£: 
:gztrr=l=r-t:-b^rq M _ 




:*7fe: 



: ] 




stained by 
tones of 



sin, lie is our 
love, From misery's 



brother 
thorn • y 



yet! 
track. 



: 3 =^: f r-J- 



-J* 1 f%- 






Heir of the same in • 
For - get not, brother, 



her - it - ance, Child 
thou hast sinned, And 



V- , — ^--m 1 1 — ' *" — l — •!—-«- n — * — i — * — < w — xr — » — i » — » — • — »- 




— I — ^-| — ■!— « — • — <*l — — a 



zMr;s£=r*q^q=q: 



Srg— zg=rS=zfi: E-d^ii==^=Ezrt-^=J=^-Ez5=«-*-«4=^s=J-^=^^d=d= : 



&5£ 

self - same God, 
yet may be; 

rr _i P-i — 



tie hath but stumbled in the path We have in weakness 
Deal gently with the erring heart, As God hath dealt with 



£E£S 



-i — 

-»- 



i i* 

— I — \—w — w—\ — m — m — m — m 



fe 



trod. 

thee, 
i i 



gilpfiSisrs^ 



E UST I G- 2& .A. 



Without my aid, no house could exist; the home would be 
des»itute without my presence; the State I have no connection 
with, but the Church is doubly indebted to me; I am always 
in the company of the wealthy, but the poor I never visit; I 
run with the hare and hold with the hounds; i hold no con- 
nection with man or woman, but am always the companion of 
children; as they advance in years I leave them, never to 
return, until death seeks my aid; I hold a prominent position 
in a ship, but the sailor knows me not; like a good child, I 
always tell the truth, and in all cases of honor I am always to 
be found, yet. strange to say, without my aid no theft could be 
committed. You, dear reader, be careful not to offend me, for, 
without my assistance, you would not have a head on your 
shoulders. Should you ever take the trouble to look for me, 
seek me in heaven, for in this world never will you find me. 



An Extraordinary Fish. — A most interesting discovery 
has been made in the sea of Tiberias of a fish which incubates 
its young in the cavities of the mouth; and, what is the more 
remarkable, it is the male which performs this part of the 
family function. As soon as the female has deposited its eggs 
in the hollow of the saud, the male approaches and draws them 
into the cavities of the mouth by the process of aspiration. 
Here they are distributed between the leaves of the gills; and 
in the midst of the respiratory organs the eggs rapidly develop, 
distending the mouth of the male fish in the most extraordinary 
manner. Finally the young fish make their appearance, packed 
in the gills like so many herrings, all with their heads"directed 
towards the opening. From this place of retreat and safety 
they run in and out until they are large enough to take care of 
themselves. It is said that as many as two hundred individuals 
are sometimes crowded into the mouth and gills of the male fish. 



The answer to the first Charade published in No. 1 is 
Gbeat Salt Lake. We have received correct solutions from 
John Walton, I.-abella Walton, Mill Creek; J. Colledge, Lehi; 
L l». Watson, Parowan; James Leatham, Jr., Josiah 
Borrows, Silt Lake city. The answer to the second is 
MORONI. We have received correct solutions from John 
Walton, Isabella Walton, Mill Creek; L. I). Watson, I'arowan; 
J. Col age Lehi; Anna B. Keller, Manti; Jas. Leatham, Jr., 
Josiah Borrows, Martin Christophersen, Saml. E. Baxter, 
Salt Lake City. The sequel of the Puzzle is, the man was 
born ON tiii: 20th OF February. W have received co 
solutions from L. I>. Watson. Parowao; James Leatham, Jr., 
Salt Lake City. 



The man who will not work, and has no means of intellectual 
pleasure, is as sure to become an instrument of evil as if he 
had sold himself bodily to Satan. 



& 



THERE are truths which some men despise because they 
have not examined them, and which they will not examine 
because they despise them. 



J-TT^IEirNJTIL.IE IILTSTIR/LTaTOIR, 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEOROE Q. CANNiJW. ------ EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Singh Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 
^5£r-Omce, South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocks Wei-t 
i of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 



O 



few- 




