
HOLINESS TO THE LORD 




KjS* ■ O^W^S 



- ; ^c^-ia^.-.. >-^.~~ 



R*^8^. ^/^^s^ \0 t*CELlf'.CE .MTM^.JT ! IKOo' "fc* "^Vj ^-'V 



i ^>«~ i ^4>- 



VOL. XIII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 1878. 



XO. 8. 



A1TCIS1TT JBBTJSALBM. 




NEARLY two thousand years before tlis birth of our 
Savior (B. C. 1913) Jerusalem, or Salem, as it was then 
called was in existence, and Melcbisedek was the king of 
that city. We may read of this in Genesis (chap, xiv ), where 
it is also stated that "he was th» priest of the most high 
God " In Joshua (chap, x ) we read that Adnni-zedek was 
the kins of Jerusalem. Again we read (2 Sam. v.) that Jeru- 
salem was taken by David: "David took the stronghold of 
Zion: the same is the city of David." The chronicler tells us 
also that "in Jerusalem he (Divid) reigned tliirty and three 
years." Of the temple bui' h" S ■1"mnn 'he RihV gives 
us a verv excellent ac 
count. About a thousand 
years betbre the birth nl 
Chri-t it was complete* 
and dedicated. 

Of the site of ancien 
buildines mentioned ii 
the sacred writings, and 
by other historians, there 
is at present no ab.-oluti 
certainty. The discover 
ies made by modern ex 
plorers, however, beat- 
ample witness to the 
grandeur of the ancien' Ife&^u 
city, of which it was truly 
said, "there shall not be 
left here one stone upon 
another, that shall not be 
thrown down." 

Much has been written 
upon the explorations of 
the ruins of ancient Jeru- 
salem, from which we learn that the present city stands upon 
a lieap of dust and rubbish, under which is the Jerusalem of 
the Bible. To explore such a city, is "to go to the bottom of 
that enormous mound, composed of dust and ashes," and let 
in the light upon streets and foundations that have been 
buried up in darkness for twenty centuries. 

But the foundations of the temple have been reached, and 
it is found that they were two hundred and fifty feet higher 
than the deep defiles or ravines that surround the city. This 
area was prepared by direction oi Solomon, and enlarged by 





!%a|i 



II rod. OF the grandeur of this part of the ancien* city we 
may fouu some.cDnception by the restored outline given in 
the accompanying engraving. A description of it given by 
one writer says: "This enclosure was originally covered with 
splendid edifices. First w- ro tl'p porticos, or covered walks, 
built along the outer w.Vl-. and overlooking the Kedron and 
Hinnoin. They were magnificent structures, resembling the 
nave and ai.-!es of Gothic cathedrals. The porticos 

opened inwardly upon a court paved with marble, and open 
to tie sky Steps led up to a second court. Beyond this 
ilea'". tbronsVi i .-.i.' : 'i. !■• t, wnys, was a third; and rising 

above them all was a 
fourth, in which stood 
be temple, f ascending 
'ory above story, one 
nindred to one hundred 
.nd fifty feet in bight." 

To add to the impress- 
iveuess of the sight, the 
palace of Solomon con- 
sisted of an immense pile 
of buildings, joining on 
to the house of the Lord, 
and extending below to 
the "king's gardens," 
where the two valleys 
meet and "the waters of 
Siloah go softly." 

Josephus, in writing of 
the ancient city, says: "If 
any one looked down from 
the battlements he would 
be giddy, while his sight 
could not reach to such 
an immense depth." We may see something of the struc- 
tures and terraces in the engraving, sufficient to show that the 
historian did not exaggerate. Besides which, modern explo- 
rations prove t lie truth of his assertions. 

Anl yet all these grand buildings, porticos and cdvered 
trays, with their columns, pinnacles, turrets, watch towers, 
and even the temple have perished ' 

And beneath that ancient city the immense cisterns, baths 
and passages completely honey-combed the mass. "One 
of those cisterns would contain two millions of gallons, 





86 



JTJ T E IN" I L IE I1TSTRTJCTOE-. 



and all together not less than ten millions of gallons of 
water." 

One writer, in describing the site of some recent excava- 
tions, says: "Here is a magnificent fragment of the temple, 
and one of the finest specimens of mural architecture in the 
world. The stones are colossal, ranging from ten feet to 
thirty feet in length, by five feet in hight, all noble 'corner- 
stones' polished after the similitude of a palace." 

Dr. Robert Morris, a distinguished Masoi.ic orator and 
writer, says: ''One stone which I measured myself, and which 
is ]. laced 110 feet above the foundation, is thirty-four feet 
long, and weighs about 100 tons." The spring stones of one 
of the arches which connected the temple with the palace was 
twenty-four feet long by six feet thick. Tne breadth of the 
royal roadway was fifty feet. The span of each arch was 
forty-six feet; the hight above the ravine two hundred and 
twenty-five feet. All writers of eminence agree that "such a 
stupendous bridge would compare favorably with the noblest 
works of the present age." 

Of the rebuilding of the temple and Jerusalem wc find an 
account in Ezra and Nehemiah. This was about five hundred 
years before Christ. Of how the Lord wrought in behalf of 
Israel, we may read and rejoice. For He still lives; and His 
words will be fulfilled to the very letter in relation to Israel and 
ancient Jerusalem. 



THE 



G-OSPEL 
OIPLES. 



:t?:r izrsr- 



ISY DANIEL TYLER. 



PRIESTHOOD. 




(Continued.) 

Til K fact that there was anciently a quorum of Twelve 
Apostles did not necessarily imply that there should be no 
more than that number, any more than the fact that there 
were at least two quorums of Seventies implied that there 
should be no more of that grade of priesthood. This will be 
clearly seen by reference to one example. Although Matthias 
had been called to fill the vacancy caused by the fall of Judas 
Iscariot, Paul was afterwards called to the Apostleship, when 
the quorum was full. There was also a full quorum on this 
continent, while there were at least thirteen Apostles in the 
old world. In fact, there must have been more even in the 
oil world; for. as already quoted, when Jesus "ascended upon 
high he gave some apostles," with other author- 

ities. The quorum was foil long before his ascension, except 
the place of Judas, and that one vacancy was filled soon after) 
Those that he pave when ho ascended were not numbered with 
the Twelve, Matthias being chosen afterwards. 

These remarks are to show our young readers that the 
statement of religious teachers in the world, (with whom 
many of them may have to cope in a few years) that there 
were but twelve, and never to be any more, is incorrect and 
unscriptural. What we haye quoted from the fourth chapter 
of the Bphesians .-hows plainly that wherever the Church of 
Christ is, there must be Apostles to aid in uniting and per- 
fecting the Saints. 

What is true with regard to the continuance'of Apostles 
is equally BO with regard to all grades of priesthood named in 
the Old and New Testaments. They arc not all named in the 
above chapter. Those not named directly are given under the 



general head of helps and governments, and mentioned in 
other places. In the ">th, ('ith, 7th and Sth chapters of 
Hebrews we have a pretty fair explanation of the priesthoods 
of Melchisedek and Aaron. 

Many religious persons in these days take upon themselves 
to preach. In fact, all the hundreds of different denomina- 
tions, except the Latter-day Saints, are men-made churches, 
and have nearly all broken off from the Catholic Church or the 
Church of England, and, as they deny revelation, have no 
right to preach, and, in fact, do preach but very little of 
Christ's gospel. Paul says, while speaking of being called to 
the above priesthoods, "No man takcth this honor unto him- 
self, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron." By reading 
the 4th chapter of Exodus, 14th, 15th and 16th verses, you 
will learn how Aaron was called. It was by revelation through 
an inspired man; and that is also according to the pattern 
given to Joseph Smith. Not only were Oliver Cowdery, 
Sidney Pigdon and others called in this way, but the Lord, 
in giving His plan for ordaining men to different offices in the 
Church, says they shall be ordained according to the gift and 
calling of God in the one who ordains them. The manner i f 
calling men to preach, we see, is precisely the same as in the 
days of Moses and of Christ. In fact, it was always the same> 
whenever God had a people on the earth, and always will be. 

The patriarchal priesthood, although equal in importance 
with the other grades, is not so much written about. It seems 
to have been more of a family than a general church govern- 
ment, although the President of the [church held this as well 
as all other grades of priesthood. Thus, Adam governed the 
righteous portion of his posterity by this priesthood as long 
as he lived: and several of his descendents did the same 
thing. 

If children who have good, faithful Latter-day Saints for 
their parents understood this principle they would never wish 
to get beyond their control in time nor in eternity. The law of 
celestial marriage is connected with this priesthood. Not 
only are men and women sealed for time and all eternity, but 
the results or offspring of that marriage are just as eternal as 
the covenant itself. I will say further that it was no more 
designed in the economy of heaven that children should break 
off and be independent of their parents than it was that the 
woman should forsake and be independent of her husband 
after having been sealed for time and all eternity. It not 
only places the man at the head of the woman, but constitutes 
him a father or patriarch to his posterity forever. Of course^ 
he is expected to prove himself worthy to retain his wife or 
wives and children. 

This does not take any blessing from the children, although 
at first sight it may so seem. It is, in fact, a great blessing 
to them to have a lather to look up to; not only for the short 
space of eighteen or twenty-one years, but to all eternity. 
The children, when they become men and women, and have 
families, will stand at their head the same as their parents 
stand to them. 

Now. children, is not this lovely? Who would want a 
better heaven than this? Suppose all the inhabitants of the 
earth from Adam had observed this law, would not this have 
been a happy world? If you think it would, I will ask few 
other questions. Suppose all of you who have good Latter- 
day Saints fur parents, always take their counsel, no matter 
how old you are. Then suppose they are adopted or sealed to 
great and good men, and they toothers until all the righteous, 
both the living at.d the dead, are united in one great family, 
with Adam and Eve at the head as they would have been if 





^i 



"ti 



JT7YEITILE Il^STBUCTOR. 




people had remained righteous. TheD, suppose Satan should 
be bound and the wicked destroyed, and Jesus, our elder 
brother, should come and reign over and with us for a thousand 
years. Would we not have a happy mi'lennium? Let as try 
it and see. 

( To be Continued. ) 



iagrajjhg. 



JOS3PH SMITH 
PROPHET. 



THE 



(Continued.) 




OUR little readers will recollect that in the last number we 
wrote aboii t the arrival in England of the Apostles who 
went to that country to labor. We must now return to Nau- 
voo, or, as it was then calied, Commerce, again, and continue 
our biography of Joseph. You can imagine how busy he 
must have been. All the labors connected with a new settle- 
ment had to be attended to; and the people were very poor, 
and much sickness prevailed. Yet he encouraged, directed 
and counseled them. He spared no pains to do them all the 
good he could, and to be a father to them. The instructions 
which he gave during those day were exceedingly rich and 
precious. Some portions of what he said are preserved in his 
history. Thirty-eight years have passed since they were 
given; but they are still interesting, and every Saint who reads 
them must do so with profit and delight. The wisdom and 
inspiration of the Almighty are visible in every line. 

On Saturday, October .">th, 1839, a general conference of the 
Church met at Commerce. Joseph was appointed President 
of the conference. He asked the brethren present, for their 
views respecting making the place they were then in a Stake 
of Zion. He himself thought it a suitable place. It was 
unanimously agreed upon that it should be appointed a Stake 
and a place of gathering for the Saints. William Marks was 
appointed President of the Stake. There weie three Bishops 
apponted to act; namely, Bishops Edward Partridge, Newel 
K. Whitney and Yinson Knight. A High Council was also 
organized. A vote was also taken that a branch of the Church 
should be established on the other side of the river, at a place 
afterwards known as Nashville, Iowa Territory. Elder John 
Smith, Brother Geo. A. Smith's father, was appointed Presi- 
dent of the Branch, and a High Council was also selected to 
act there. A number of brethren were chosen to be Elders 
in the Church. Tin Conference appointed Judge Elias 
Higbee to accompany Joseph and Sidney Rigdon to the city 
of Washington. This was for the purpose of laying the 
grievances which the Saints had endured in Missouri before 
the Congress of the United States. The Conference adjourned 
on the 7th. 

On the 29tn of October, Joseph and the other brethren 
started, accompanied by Brother 0. Porter Rockwell, for 
Washington. Before reaching Springfield, they found Doctor 
Robert H. Foster, and, as Sidney Rigdon's health was poor, 
he accompanied them on their journey. At Springfield 
Joseph preached several times. I'Yom here they continued 
their journey in their carriage; but the roads were so bad and 
Sidney Rigdon's heulth was so poor, they could not travel 
very fast. Joseph felt that he ought to be in Washington. 
So, on the I^th of Noveiuher, he and Judge Fligbeo left the 



others to come on at their leisure, and started by the quickest 
route for Washington. 

After they had left Brothers Rockwell, Rigdon and Foster, 
and while they were on the mountains some distance from 
Washington, the driver of the stage they were in stepped into 
a public house to get some liquor. While he was gone, the 
horses took fright, and ran down the hill at full speed. There 
were a number of passengers on board the coach, and they 
became very excited. Joseph did all he could to calm them, 
and to have them keep their seats; but he had to hold one 
woman to keep her from throwing her infant out of the coach. 
As soon as he could do so, Joseph opened the door of the 
coach, and, securing his hold on the side the best way he 
could, he succeeded in getting into the driver's seat. He 
then got hold of the reins, and was soon able to check the 
horses. They ran some two or three miles, but the coach, 
horses and passengers all escaped without injury. The pas- 
sengers were loud in their praises of his daring. They thought 
his conduct most heroic, and, when they found the horses 
quiet and themselves safe, their gratitude was unbounded. 
There were -some members of Congress in the stage, and they 
thought there should be some: public mention made of the 
daring deed, and they proposed naming it to Congress. But 
upon inquiring of Joseph what his name was. to mention as 
the author of their safety, they found their deliverer was 
Joseph Smith, the "Mormon Prophet," as they called him. 
The mere mention of the name was sufficient for them. Their 
manner underwent a gre:it change, and Joseph heard no more 
of their praise, gratitude or reward. 

On the 28th of November, 1839, he and Judge Higbee 
arrived at Washington. 

(To be Continued.) 



I IN" C I TD IE UST T S OP 

is/L issiousr. 



BT ELDER C. 



(Continued.) 

OUR young readers will remember reading in the last number 
of the INSTRUCTOR, about a poor widow whom Elder C. 
baptized. We will now give you a little more her history. 

Her health improved very rapidly after her baptism, but 
her daughter, whose health had been poor for a long time, 
grew rapidly worse, and disease, together with vexation at 
the supposed awful crime which her mother had committed 
in "joining the Momons," made her so unwell as to confine 
her to her bed on the very day on which her mother was 
baptized. For the many long years during which the mother 
had been an invalid the daughter had waited upon and cared 
for her, but now matters were reversed. The daughter's 
desease was consumption; and as she grew worse the mother 
grew better, and waited upon her. For some time after her 
baptism the widow was much grieved at the cutting remarks 
and ridicule of her daughter; but as the latter became worse 
and as she witnessed the miraculous increase of her mother's 
strength, she ceased to speak against "MormoniBm." 

During the ensuing months the young holy grew steadily 
weaker and weaker. ELDEB C. continued to make the round 
of his circuit and his periodical visits to Salem, when he 
would call 00 the widow and her daughter. The prejudice of 
the latter fast disappeared, and, at length, on an occasion, 
when he was in Salem, sl.e called him to her bedside and 
exacted a solemn promise from him that he would cond 





CTTJ'xTElSrilX-.-E IITSTBCTCTOB. 





her mother safely to Utah. Elder C. readily promised that 
he would. The young woman was then so weak that she could 
talk only with difficulty, and she soon after died. On receiv- 
ing his release, which reached him sooo after the young lady's 
death, he assisted the widow to dispose o! her household 
goods, on which she realized sufficient to pay her fare to Utah, 
besides a sum which she loaned to Elder G to help pay his. 

On the train en route for Utah, the widow related to Elder 
C. a dream which she had had some months before she first 
saw him. At that time she hail been for a long period confined 
to her bed. Her life-was despaired of by her physician and 
friends, and she had fully prepared to depart. 

Only one thing troubled her. She was not a member of 
any church, and. as she lay face to face with death, she began 
to fear that it might not be well with her in heaven because 
she was not a church member. But in her youth she had 
successively joined two churches and left them both because 
she would not accept the doctrines which they taught; and as 
she lay upon her bed, thinking these matters over, she prayed 
to the Lord to accept of her, for she would join His Church if 
she only knew which it was. After praying thus, she felt 
very calm and happy, .and while in this frame of mind she 
fell asleep and dreamed. She dreamed that a man came to 
her and told her that he was a messenger sent of God. with a 
very important message to her — one that concerned her tem- 
poral and eternal welfare and salvation. On awaking, she 
distinctly remembered the personal appearance of the 
messenger. 

She did not die, as was expected, but recovered sufficiently 
to move about the house, and in about three months after 
her recovery she first saw Elder C. and recgniz d in him 
the messenger who had appeared to her in the dream! This 
Was a strong testimony to her. and one that greatly sustained 
in the trial it cost her to embrace the gospel. 

She is now living in Utah, happy and contented. 

This short history is related in order to show to the young 
readers of the INSTRUCTOR how the Lord sometimes works to 
prepare individuals to embrace the gospel, and to open the 
way for His servants, who are traveling without purse or 
scrip, to preach to the people. The widow was very kind to 
ELDER (J. She gave him food, washed his clothes, and 
provided him with comfortable lodgings whenever he came to 
Salem, and was the instrument in the hands of Ood of assisting 
him to means to come home with when his mission was 
a mplished. 

If Elder C. had been traveling on his own business do you 
suppose the Lord would have caused people to dream about 
him' The widow was not the only one who dreamed about 
him during his mis-ion. Do you suppose the Lord would 
have raised up friends to him in a wonderful manner if Elder 
('. had not been His servant'.' There is no reason to believe 
that he would; but ELDER C. was His servant, and as long as 
he was in the line of his duty the Lord would not see him 
Buffer for anything needful, but would raise up friends to 
administer to his wants. Boys who read this should remem- 
ber that, when they become men. and receive the priesthood, 
and are called to go on missions, the Lord has promised to 
take gocd care of them if they v.ill tie faithful. It is not 
necessary for them to take money in their pockets. They are 

in the band- of G • 1 and are iu-t a- safe without money as 
with it. and will In- more likely in succeed in 1 heir labors and 

to he hi 1 of God, if they will put their trust in Him and 

go "without purse or pcrip." 

( To l>e Continued.) 



STTlsriD^Y SCHOOLS. 

THE interest in Sunday schools among the Latter-day Saints 
is constantly increasing. Never before were these institu- 
tions throughout our valleys in sueh a thriving condition as 
they are at the present time, and at no previous time in the 
history of the Church have the parents generally manifested 
such an anxiety for the religious training of their children. 
The general report of Sunday schools' made at the recent 
Annual Conference of the Church, held in this city, showed 
an increase of 101 schools, 535 teachers and 9,576 scholars 
since the last general report was made — in December, 1875. 
Indeed, the increase is probably much more than this, for 
there is one whole county — Millard — and a number of other 
scattering places that have not reported. 

Exclusive of those not reported, there are at the present 
time, according to the general report alluded to, 263 Sunday 
schools in the Territory and the valleys adjacent that are 
occupied by Latter-day Saints. These schools are composed 
of 30,037 pupils and 3.929 teachers, with an average attend- 
ance of 23, 43"* pupils and 3.] 18 teachers. 

It also shows that there are 495 Bible classes, 545 Testament 
classes, 319 Book of Mormon classes, 126 Doctrine and Cov- 
enants classes, 94 theological classes, 217 Juvenile Instructor 
classes, 1G8 catechism classes, and 1,114 miscellaneous classes. 
Many ot the last mentioned are taught orally, and not from 
any textbook, and this plan is attended with such good results) 
where suitable teachers can be found, that it is probable that 
it will soon be more generally adopted. It has been cu-tomary 
in years past to make use of common school readers to a 
great extent in the Sunday schools. At the suggestion of the 
officers of the Sunday School Union, however, the use of 
such books has been almost entirely abandoned. They almost 
invariably contain sentiments that do not accord with our 
religious belief. Hence it is not wisdom to use them in Sun- 
day schools, where the children meet for religious instruction. 
Their place can be very well supplied by the system of ora] 
instruction which we have heretofore recommend d, at least 
until we can publish text books that will be in accordance 
with the faith of the Latter-day Saints. 

The report showed that there had been $5,587,38 collected 
and $5 867,04 expended for the Sunday schools during the 
past year. 

The attendance at the meeting of Superintendents and 
teachers which was held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms in 
this city on the evening of the Sth inst. gave evidence of the 
interest felt in Sunday school matters. The house was crowded 
to its utmost capacity, and scores of per ? ons returned home 
unable to gain admittance. In fact, it has been the same at 
every monthly meeting of teachers which has been held in this 
city for some time past. 

-*- — «o — »*» 

A Good Education. — Tiik late Edward Everett condensed 
into a siiigle brief paragraph his estimation of what consti- 
tuted a good education. Here it is: "To read the English 
language well, to write with dispatch a neat, legible hand, 
and be master of the first four rules of arithmetic, so as to dis- 
pose at once, with accuracy, of every question of figures which 
comes up in pratice. I call this a good education. And if 
you add the ability to write pure, grammatical English, I 
regard it as an excellent educiaton. These are the tools. You 
can do much with them, but you are hopeless without them 
They are the foundation; and unless you begin with these, 
flashy attainments, a little geology, and all other ologies and 
osophios, arc ostentatious rubbish." 




JUVENILE INSTRUCTOB 




THE PHONOGRAPH. 




WE are living in an age of progress. The present century 
might very properly be called the era of invention. 
Every day add-* some new and important link to the long 
chain of mechanical and other inventions that this era has 
given birth to. Many are so common now and seem so 
essential to our comfort and very existence that we are led to 
wonder how our ancestors in ages past managed to do with- 
out them. 

We lately gave our readers a description of the telephone, 
a recent invention, which is likely to prove of great service to 
mankind. Experiments with the telephone have led to the 
invention of another instrument somewhat allied to it, called 
the phonog'aph, which is also destined to be of great practical 
benefit. 

We take the following description of the instrument, which 
is the invention of Mr. Thomas A. Elison, of New Jersey, 
from an exchange: "The instrument itself is of very simple 
construction, and does not occupy more space than a volume 
of Webster's Unabridged. A thin diaphragm, made of type 
metal, is inserted iD a gutta percha mouth-piece. The vibra- 
tions of the voice jar the diaphragm, which has in its center, 
on the under side, a fine steel point. Around a finely grooved 
brass cylinder is wrapped a sheet of tin foil. Turning the 
cylinder with a crank, the operator talks into the mouth- piece, 
and the vibrations caused are recorded by the steel point upon 
the revolving tin foil, in a series of dots like those made by 
the old Morse recording telegraph. After the sentences are 
completed, the operator turns the cylinder back to the point 
of starting. The steel point kept down by a rubber spring, 
trips from hole to hole in the tin foil, causing the diaphragm 
to vibrate just as it did when the operator was talking. 
Their vibration causes a corresponding opening and closing of 
the valves of the diaphragm, and reproduces the words, into- 
nations and accents of the speaker with perfect accuracy. It 
is said that no mimic could do so well. There is in it the 
accuracy of mechanism. Matrices in surphur of the indented 
tin-foil are easily made, and can be indefinitely multiplied. 
So that it is possible to reproduce not only the language, but 
the tones and accents of a speaker as often as one may desire. 
Simple as the contrivance is, it is marvelous in its results 
Like other inventions, it is, doubtless, capable of great 
improvements. It? sensitivaness to sound, for example, will 
be so refined as not to make it necessary to speak into the 
moath-pieje in order to set the diaphragm and the steel point 
in motion. It will become like the human ear, in its acute 
reception and transmission of sounds. All that will then be 
necessary will be to possess a phonographic instrument, and 
turn the crank when speaking is in order, to have it accurately 
recorded. Already one instrument has been constructed 
capable of recording 4S,iK)l) words. With one of these 
instruments (and they are of portable size) under his arm, 
one can attend a lecture or a public meeting, and not only 
enjoy it himself, bat take so faithful a record of it that he 
can reproduce not only word for word, but tone for tone. 
The audiences of the future will present a curious spectacle — 
each auditor not only listening, but turning the crank of a 
phonograph instrument with the motion of the grinder of a 
hurdy-gurdy, that he may have it for reproduction in the 
home circle." 

A writer in Scribncr's Monthly indulges in the following 
predictions concerning the future of the phonograph: 

"There will doubtless be a standard of diameter and pitch 

f screw for phonograph cylinders. Friends at a distance will 



then send to each other phonograph letters, which will talk at 
any time in the friend's voice when put upon the instrument. 
How startling also it will be to reproduce and hear at pleasure 
the voice of the dead ! All of these things are to be common, 
every-day experience within a few years. It will be possible a 
generation hence to take a file of phonograph letters, spoken 
at different ages by the same person, and hear the early prat- 
tle, the changing voice, the manly tones, and also the varying 
mannjr and moods of the speaker — so expressive of character 
— from childhood up! 

"Thcsj are some of the private applications. For pubbcuses, 
we shall have galleries where phonograph sheets will be pre- 
served as photographs and books now aie. The utterances of 
great speakers and sinsers will there be kept for a thousand 
years. In these galleries spoken languages will be preserved 
from century to century, with all the peculiarities of pro- 
nunciation, dialect, or brogue. As we go now to see the 
stereopticon, we shall go to public halls to hear these treas- 
ures of speech and song brought out and reproduced as loud 
or louder, than when first spoken or sung by the truly great 
ones of earth Certainly, within a dozen years, some of the 
great singers will be induced to sing into the ear of the phono- 
graph, and the electrotyped cylinders thence obtained will be 
put into the hand-organs of the street, and we shall hear the 
actual voice of Christine Nilsson or Miss Cary ground out at 
every corner. 

"In public exhibitions, also, we shall have reproductions of 
the sounds of nature, and of noises familiar and unfamiliar. 
Nothing will be easier than to catch the sounds of the waves- 
on the beach, the roar of Niagara, the discords of the streets, 
the noises of animals, the puffing and rush of the railroad 
train, the rolling of thunder, or even the tumult of a battle. 

"When popular air* are sung into the phonograph, and the 
notes are then reproduced in reverse order, very curious and 
beautiful musical effects are oftentimes produced, having no 
apparent resemblance to those contained in their originals. 
The instrument may thus be used as a sort of musical kaleido- 
scope, by means of which an infinite variety of new combinations 
mav be produced from the musical compositions now in exist- 
ence. The speaking phonograph will doubtless, by applied to 
ball-punches, clocks, complaint boxes in public conveyances and 
to toys of all kinds. It will supersede the short-hand writer in 
taking letters by dictation and in the taking of testimony 
before referees. Phonographic letters will be sent by mail 
the foil being wound on paper cylinders of the size of a finger. 
It will recite poems in the voice of the author, and reproduce 
the speeches of celebrated orators. Dramas will be produced 
in which all the parts will be "well spoken,— with good accent, 
and good discretion;" the original matrice being prepared on 
one machine provided with a rubber tube having several 
mouthpieces: and .Madame Tussaud's figures will hereafter 
talk, as well as look, like their groat prototypes!" 



Don't Notice Them. — Pay no attention to slanders of 
gossip-mongers, Keep straight on in your course, and let their 
backbitings die the death of neglect. What is the use of 
lying awake nights, brooding over the remarks of sonic false 
friend, that ran through your brain like forked lightning'.' 
What's the use of getting intoa worry and frel over gossip 
that has been set afloat to your disadvantage by some meddle- 
some busy-body, who has more time than character? These 
things can't possibly injure you, unless, indeed, you take 
notice of them, and in combating them, give them character 
and standing. 





90 



J" TJ V IE 3ST I L IE I1TSTRUOTOB 




H'hq |J«renil^ |(nstrudo^ 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 187: 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





T has been said that there is only one step 
from the sublime to the ridiculous, and 
with equal truth it may be said there is 
only one step from the height of fashion 
in civilized life to the fashions of barbar- 
ism. If one will look at the pictures of 
the African women and their style of 
doing up their hair, he will see that it is 
almost exactly the style which has been 
in use among the fashionable women of 
America. Another fashion is now coming 
into vogue among women who are constantly 
changing their style to accommodate the 
changing tastes of Babylon; and that is to 
cover their dresses and jackets and saeques with 
glass and steel beads, and sometimes for dresses 
iTfi\V silver and gold beads are also used. The wonder is 
* ■ how they can carry them. The weight must be 
considerable. A woman thus dressed shines and glitters in 
the sun as if she were dressed in chain armor. We are 
accustomed to hear of negresses in Africa and squaws in 
America tricking themselves out in beads whenever they can 
set them; but it scarcely seems good taste in educated, refined 
ladies to cover themselves in this gaudy and fantastic style. 
But this is Babylon. The fashions change almost as often as 
the moon. That which is thought tasteful, beautiful and 
necessary this year, may next year be deemed ugly and very 
unsuitable. The savages are not so whimsical and changeable 
in this respect. One of the worst things about these new 
fashions is. they are introduced generally by women of doubt- 
ful character. Away off in Paris some woman who is well 
known to the public will adopt a new fashion of arranging 
her hair, or of having her dress, her hat, her cloak or her 
shoes made. Others see the fashion and copy it. It becomes 
the rage. It crosses the sea to America, and it becomes the 
fashion here. Ling skirts have been the fashion in the States 
for some time. Every woman who pretends to be fashionable 
wears them. It is a costly, troublesome and not a cleanly 
fashion. A laree quantity of cloth is required to make them. 
The skirt either trails on the ground and sweeps up the dirt 
which lies there, or it has to be carried, so that it is in every 
way inconvenient. But now the word has come from Paris, 
by way of New York, that a new fashion of dresses is out. 
They are now to be worn short, so that they will be comfort- 
able to walk in. If it be true, it will be to sensible people a 
welcome change. 

But what a wonderful influence fashion has! "What slaves 
people will make of themselves t" conform to it! And how they 
will ridicule and even persecute those who venture to differ 
from what they think i> the' fashion! When a mere child, the 
writer was in :i country place where a man who wore his full 
beard and mustache and would not shave, was the object of 
ridicule to the whole inwn. He was thought by many to be 

O 



crazy, and the children, though they made sport of him. were 
afraid of him. The reason of this was, all the other men in 
the town shaved. That was the fashion, and because he would 
wear his beard he was thought crazy. Now the fashion has 
changed. It is quite common for men not to shave, and they 
are thought smart men too. 

In "Washington City there is a lady by the name ot Mary 
"Walker. She studied medicine and graduated, and is called 
Doctor. She is a woman of education, but eccentric. She 
does not like women's style of dressing. She thinks dresses 
and petticoats inconvenient and unhealthy. So she has 
adopted a style of dress of her own. She wears pantaloons, 
and a garment which may be called a tunic, with a belt at the 
waist and rather longer skirts than the tails of a man's coat. 
She is very scrupulous about her appearance, being always 
very neat. She usually carries a small cane, the kind often 
carried by foppish young men. Because of this peculiar 
dress she is thought to be crazy. The people stare at and 
make sport of her, and she cannot pass through the streets 
without being annoyed; and every few days the newspapers 
have some comments to make upon her conduct "and appear- 
ance. The fact is, we suppose, she is not half so crazy as 
many people think. But she will not conform to the fashions. 
If it were the fashion for the women in Washington to dress 
as Dr. Mary Walker does, she would pass along unnoticed 
among the throng. No one would point at her. But if there 
should be one woman who would stick to petticoats and 
dresses and wear them on the street, she would be pointed at, 
ridiculed and talked about as Dr. Mary Walker is now. So 
much for fashion. 

Fashion is a dreadful tyrant, and people who are very bold 
upon many points are very cowardly in resisting its decrees. 
Yet why should not every person be free 10 wear what he or 
she likes, so long as the style is not indecent? If one man 
thinks a coat without tails comfortable, and another thinks he 
would like his coat tails to cover his knees, why should not 
each one have the privilege of wearing the coat that suits 
him without being made sport of? One man likes a broad- 
brimmed hat, another a narrow rimmed one; one likes a high 
hat, another a low one; one prefers a tall silk hat, another a 
soft hat; one likes a standing collar, another a turned down 
collar; one chooses shoes or boots with broad toes, another 
desires his long and pointed; one prefers light, striped or 
fancy cloth, another prefers sober-colored cloth; and why 
should each not have his taste?- If a woman thinks petticoats 
inconvenient, and prefers another style, if that style be 
modest, why should she not have the right to wear it? Or, 
if a man should think trousers a poor fashion, and resolve to 
wear short petticoats and a kilt, as the Highlanders of Scot- 
land do. why should he be laughed at? Taste is altogether 
arbitrary, and until some one who has the right shall say what 
our style of dress shall be, every one ought to have the privi- 
lege of consulting his or her own <"onvenience. 

There are some things which are made plain to us by the 
Lord. One is that the Latter-day Saints should be cleanly. 
Another is that whatever adornment we wear as clothing 
should be the work of our own hands. Evidently the Lord 
believes in home manufacture. He doubtless knows that His 
people ought to have taste enough to dress decently and 
decorously, and too good taste to make themselves ridiculous. 
Peoples' good sense ought to regulate these matters. But if 
tastes vary, there should be some liberty to exercise them, 
and one should not be persecuted because of non-conformity 
to a prevailing fashion of dress. 




ns 



juybnile xhststzr/Tjctoir,. 



91 



t?S 



There are some things which are fashionable that would be 
very ridiculous if we saw them for the first time. For 
instance, smoking tobacco. Suppose we had never seen men 
smoke, or heard of their doing so, what would we think if we 
saw a man walking through the streets suckiDg smoke out of 
a pipe and puffing it out of his mouth? If we did not call 
him a fool, we would think he was one. We would ask what 
sense there could be in such an operation. But men smoke 
now, and many do not think it strange. They swallow the 
smoke, blow it through their noses, puff it out of their 
mouths, and make grimaces that would excite our laughter 
in a monkey if he did such things. The men would get 
angry if they were to be laughed at; but, though a fashion, it 
is none the less ridiculous. 



THIS E L IE IP HI ^ ItT T 



THE elephant is not a native of our country, but all of our 
readers are familiar with its appearance, either from hav- 
ing seen the animal in some menagerie, or pictures of it in 
books. 

The elephant is the largest of land animals now known. It 
is not as beautiful or graceful as the horse or deer, in fact it is 
a heavy, awkward, clumsy animal; but it is remarkable for its 
sagacity, and is capable of being very useful to man. 

The one shown in the engraving is in the act of drinking. 
This it does by drawing a quantity of water into its trunk and 
emptying it down its throat. Its trunk, our little readers will 
understand, is a very long nose the animal is provided with. 
It serves also as a hand; in fact, in the Ilindoostanee language 
the name for the elephant signifies "the animal with a hand." 
The Elephant's trunk is, at the same time, an organ of touch, 
of smell, of prehension, and likewise a formidable weapon. 
It seizes and picks up the smallest objects, as, for instances, a 
piece of money or a straw; it can uncork a bottle, or fire off a 
pistol. In the natural state, the Elephant makes use of it for 
conveying food to its mouth; for lifting heavy weights, and 
putting them on its back, and for drinking. With this instru- 
ment it defends itself, and attacks others; it seizes its enemies, 
entwines them in its folds, squeezes them, crushes them, and 
tosses them into the air, or hurls them to the ground, after- 
wards to be trampled under its broad feet. 

The end of the trunk on the. upper side is prolonged into a 
sort of finger, which is about five inches long. This extremity 
seizes hold of objects with so much delicacy, that it can pick 
up a grain of wheat, a fly, or a straw. 

The Elephant's tu^ks are nothing but incisive teeth greatly 
elongated and turned obliquely downward, forward, out- 
ward, and ultimately upward. They are sometimes very 
long and heavy in the males, but generally shorter and lighter 
in the females, scarcely projecting beyond the lip. The tusks 
serve the Elephant for defensive weapons. They protect the 
trunk, which curls up between them, when the anima] 
traverses woods in which there arc many thorns, prickles, and 
thick brushwood. The Elephant also uses them for putting 
aside and holding down the branches, when, with its trunk. 
it is about to pluck off the tops of leafy boughs. 

The ivory, which is so much used in trade, and which is so 
remarkable for the fineness of its grain, whiteness, hardness, 
and for the beautiful polish that can be given to it, is princi. 
pally obtained from the Elephant. 

Ivory has been employed by man as an ornament since the 
most ancient times. Solomon had a throne of ivory, covered 
with gold, and the interior of many opulent houses in Jeru- 

o 



salem were adorned with it. Homer speaks of ivory employed 
as an object of ornament. The statue of the Olympian 
Jupiter, made by the Greek sculptor, Phidias, was of ivory 
and gold. Ivory was, among the ancients, held at a very great 
price; and the Elephant's tusks figured only in the most 
important public ceremon'es. 

The Elephant has no canine teeth. Its molar teeth are com- 
posed of a certain number of plates of a bony substance, 
covered with enamel, and bound together by a cortical or 
barky matter. 

The manner in which the teeth succeed each other in the 
Elephant is well worthy of attention. In other Mammalia, it 
is vertically that the second teeth succeed to the milk teeth. 
But in Elephants they come forward from behind, in such a 
way that, as a molar is worn out, it is pushed forward by the 
one which is to replace it. The same molar can thus be 
replaced as many as eight times. The tusks, however, are 
only renewed once. 

The enormous head of the Elephant joins on to a neck so 
short that its movements are circumscribed anil very difficult. 





The back is arched or bowed, and the rump depressed. The 
tail is short and thin. The forelegs have no collar-bone, and 
seem to be massive pillars placed under the body to support 
its heavy mass. As with the hind leg-; abo, their bones are 
placed in a position perpendicular to the body and to the 
ground, which gives the animal a clumsy and awkward 
appearance. The forelegs are moreover longer than the hind 
hgs, which are very short, and of which the leg properly so 
called, and pethaps the knee, are alone disengaged from the 
body. Under the feet is a sort of callous sole, thick enough 
to prevent the hoofs from touching the ground. The hdofs, 
to the number of from three to five, are shapeless, and do 
not even show the number of toes (five on each foot), which 
remain encrusted and hidden under (he skin. 

This shapeless, colossal, and heavy body is covered with a 
skin, callous, full of cracks and crevices, very thick, of a 
dirty blackish gray color, having a few hairs sprinkled over 
here and there, and which are almost invisible, except on the 
back, on the eye lids, and on the tail, which is terminated by 
a tuft. 





92 



0" tt ^r is :lt i mi :e iitstbtjctob 




Elephants live in the hottest parts of Africa and of Asia. 
Revelling in forests and swamps, they keep together in troops 
more or less numerous, which are either led by an old male, 
or very commonly by an old female. Their food consists of 
herbs, roots, and grains. They often seek their food in cul- 
tivated fields, where they do considerable damage. 

Tame Elephants are very fond of bananas and cocoa-nuts; 
but their usual diet consists of hay, straw, rice, raw or cooked, 
bread, and the leaves of trees. It is remarkable that they 
are easily accustomed to drink wine, brandy, and all sorts of 
spirituous liquors. 

The Elephant which was brought to Versailles in the time 
of Louis XIV. used to eat eighty pounds of bread a day and 
two buckets full of soup; it drank twelve pints of wine, and 
consumed besides a great quantity of cakes which the visitors 
brought to it. 

The pace at which Elephants walk is much more rapid than 
the clumsiness of their appearance would lead one to suppise. 
These animals can, according to certain authors, do their 
twenty or twenty-five leagues a day. They also swim well. 

It was for a long time asserted that Elephants could not lie 
down, and that they always slept standing. It is true that 
among Elephants, as among horses, are found some that can 
s'eep standing, and only rarely lie down; but generally they 
sleep lying on their side, like the majority of other quadru- 
peds. 

The Elephant is endowed with very preat intelligence, of 
which we will give some proofs. It understands justice — that 
is to say, it renders good for good and evil ior evil. 

The mahout (groom and driver) of an Elephant broke, out 
of spite, one day, a cocoa-nut on the head of his beast. Nest 
day. the Elephant, passing along a street, perceived some 
cocoa nuts exposed for sale in front of a shop. lie took one 
in his trunk, and gave his driver such a severe blow with it 
on his forehead that he fell dead on the spot. 

A young man who had amused himself by offering a piece 
of sugar a great many times to an Elephant, and by as often 
withdrawing it, at last gave it to another Elephint. Offended 
at this teaziug, the former seized the young man with its 
trunk, inflicted some severe bruises on his face, and tore his 
clothes to pieces. The keepers were obliged to run to the 
assistance of this imprudent fellow, and make the furious 
animal relax his hold of him. 

I in ff>n relates the following trait: — 

"A painter wished to make a drawing of the Elephant of 
the menagerie of Versailles in an extraordinary attitude, which 
was with its trunk elevated in the air and its mouth wide 
open, The luint.-r's servant, to make it remain in this atti- 
tude, kept throwing fruit into its mouth, but oftener by pre- 
tending to do to. The Elephant was indignant at this treat" 
ment, and as if it knew that the painter's desire of making a 
drawing of it was the cause of its being thus annoyed, instead 
enging itself on the Bervant, it addressed itself to the 
and discharged at him, through his trunk, a quantity 
of water, with which it spoiled the paper on which the artist 
was drawing." 

We read in the Decade Fliiloscphvpie, that an Elephant 
treated in the Bame way a sentinel who wished to prevent the 
public from feeding it. Still further, that the female of the 
same Elephant, being as angry as the male, seized hold of the 
gun of the rigid overseer, twisted it round and round in its 
trunk, smashed it under foot, and only gave it hack to him 
when it was thoroughly destroyed. 

As the Elephant is conscious of its own strength, it takes 
every precaution so that its heavy mass may not harm crea- 



tures that are weaker than itself. If it passes through a 
crowd, it opens a passage for itself with its trunk, and gently 
presses forward its fore limbs, iu such a manner as to hurt no 
one. Dr. Franklin says that he has witnessed in the Elephant 
an attachment for children. 

"I have myself," says he, 'seen in India the wife of a 
mahout confide the care of a very young child to one of these 
gigantic creatures. 1 was very much amused by observing its 
sagacity, and the delL-ate attentions this huge nurse lavished 
on the little thing entrusted to it. The Elephant undertook 
its task in earnsst. The child, which like many other chil- 
dren, did not at all like to remain long in the same position, 
and wanted to be noticed, set to work and cried the moment it 
was left to itself. Sometimes it got in between the animal's 
legs, or became entangled in the branches of the tree on the 
leaves of which the Elephant was i'eeding. The animal on 
these occasiots moved the child and disentangled it from the 
branches with wonderful tenderness, either by raising it with 
its trunk, or by moving out of its way the obstacles which 
m'ght interfere with its movements." 

The E>phant is extremely sensitive. Here is a trait related 
by the same Dr. Frankliu, for the truth of which we must 
hold him responsible. The master of the old menagerie in 
Exeter Change, nimed Pidcock, had for some years been in 
the habit of offering to his Elephant every evening a glass of 
spirituous liquor. The animal seemed to attach great import- 
ance to this favor, for it drank its glass 'with much relish, as 
indeed nearly every Elephant does. Pidcock always handed 
the first glass to the Elephant, and then took one himself. 
One evening he changed his mind, and apostrophised the 
animal thus: "You have been helped first long enough, it is 
now my turn to drink before you." His friend the Elephant 
took this in bad part; it refused to be helped second, and 
never drank its master's health again in its daily libations. 

The Elephants which are exhibited in different places in 
theatrical representations give proofs of a most varied intel- 
ligence. They move over the boards with singular lightness. 
( )n a stage crowded with actors they avoid any blunders which 
might interfere with the stage arrangements; they advance 
with measured paces, keeping time with the music. They 
distinguish one actor from another. If, for example, they 
haye to place the crown on the head of the lawful king, they 
do not go and place it on the head of an usurper. There was 
in Paris, in 1867, an Elephant performing at the circus of the 
Boulevard du Prince- Eugene, which went through a great 
many gymnastic exercises and teats of address which gave one 
a high idea of its docility and intelligence. This creature, 
which was called IS Elephant ascension iste, went so far as to 
balance its heavy mass on a tight-rope, like Blondin. This is 
a feat which mauy a man could not accomplish. 

Some Elephants possess a taste for music. In 1813, the 
musicians of Paris met together and gave a concert to the 
male Elephant, which was then in the Jardin des Plantes. 
The animal showed great pleasure at hearing the singing, and 
beat time by making its trunk oscillate from right to left, and 
by rocking its enormous body from side to side. It even 
uttered a few sounds more or less in harmony with those pro- 
duced by the musicians. Grand symphonies were less to its 
taste than the more simple tunes. It seemed to understand 
melody more easily than scientific harmony. (We know more 
than one man who is an Elephant in this respect.) When the 
concert was over, the sensible pachyderm approached one of 
the musicians, who, by his performance on the horn, had 
particularly affected it. The animal knelt down before him, 
caressed him with its trunk, and expressed to him in all sorts 






"V IE 3ST I L IE INSTE/UCTOR. 




of pretty ways the pleasure which he had i'elt in listening to 
him. 

THE BIBLE, .A.S A. 
HISTOID IT. 



BY J. A. LITTLE. 




rtlLE I would not detract from the general interest of 
the Saints in the Bible and Book of Mormon as sources 
of information pertaining to the principles of salvation, I 
have sometimes thought that their value as histories were 
but indifferently appreciated. 

Although Bible chronology is very imperfect, it is better 
than none at all. Such as it is, we are under the necessity of 
accepting it for the present. 

It is supposed that the earth has existed about 5 881 years. 
This may be divided into three periods, easily distinguish- 
able — the antediluvian period of 1,656 years, between the 
creation and Noah's flood; the middle period of 2,348 years, 
between the deluge and the birth of our Savior; and the 
modern period of 1,877 years. 

All that is known to the modem woild of the antediluvian 
period is contained in the first eight chapters of the Bible — 
the merest pittance when compared with the length of time, 
and the myriads of human beings who must have lived 
daring that time on the earth. This meagre narrative in 
Genesis gives no clue to the geographical position of the antedi- 
luvian nations. The only information we have on this point 
the Lord revealed to Joseph Smith, Jun., and it may be found 
in the Doctrine and Covenants, Sections 116 and 117. 

Here we learn that Adam dwelt in what is now known as 
the State of Missouri. This leads to the conclusion that the 
region of country which we expect to be the head-quarters of 
the latter-day Zion, and where the capital city of the earth 
during the Millennium will be locate.!, was the center of 
antediluvian population and influences. 

A few men of research and thought, outside of our Church, 
have also advocated the idea that the human race originated 
on the western hemisphere, that here the garden of Eden 
was located, and that here the great events of the antedilu- 
vian period took place. 

For some 1800 years of the middle period, that is from 
Noah's flood to— we may safely assert— within .500 years 
of the birth of Christ, we may look upon the Bible as the 
only record of events which may be considered at all reli- 
able. 

Rome, which became the nucleus of a great empire, and the 
center of influences which moulded the civilizations of a large 
portion of the eastern hemisphere for more than twenty 
centuries, is supposd to have been founded 750, B. C. The 
history of the first two centuries of its existence is considered 
by many as obscure and unreliable. The legend that the 
two brothers who founded it, drew their sustenance in infancy 
from a female wolf partakes strongly of the fabulous. 

Nineveh, the capital city of the Assyrian empire, was evi- 
dently at the height of its power at the time the ton tribes of 
Israel were carried captive into Eastern Asia, 721, B. C. The 
city of Babylon had succeeded Nineveh as the head of empire 
in Western Asia, and was at the zenith of its glory when 
Nebuchadnezzar destroyed Jerusalem ami made Judca 
desolate, 5X9, B. ('.; and yet but little is known of these 
mighty cities, and the vast empires of which they were the 
centers, except what the Bible furnishes us in connection with 

e history of the house of Israel. 



The prophetic history of these cities, as recorded in the 
days of their prosperity, and subsequently fulfilled in their 
desolation and extinction, is of more value than all the 
profane history now extant in regard to them. The facts are 
an enduring testimony of the inspiration of the ancient 
prophets. Prom 500, B. C, the truthfulness of history 
becomes gradually manifest. 

Taking the most comprehensive view of this subject, and 
putting the two periods together, from the creation to the 
flood, and from the flood to 500, B. C. . we have the long 
period of ,35 centuries during which the Bible furnishes the 
most, and almost the only, reliable historv of the eastern 
hemisphere, and the only account of an antediluvian period 
whiih has received general credence. 

It may be considered due to Flavius Josephus, the Jewish 
historian, who wrote about the year 70, A. D., and to whom 
we are indebted for a history of the last wars of the Jews, 
the destruction of Jerusalem by the Bomans, and of the 
dispersion of the remnants among the nations, in fulfillment of 
prophecy, that we consider much of his narrative and the 
Bible, as historical complements of each other. 

The Bible is emphatically the ancient history of the eastern 
hemisphere, and the nucleus of that history is that small 
portion of it known as the land of Palestine. In contem- 
plating this history, we are led to marvel how so small a por- 
tion of the globe could become the center of so much interest; 
and it appears still more marvelous that that interest still 
exists amors the nations of CLristendcm 1800 years after 
the destruction of its principal city, and the scattering of 
Israel. 

The never ceasing interest manifested among those who 
have faith in the Jewish records and the gospel dispensation 
of our Savior, is only to be accounted for by the evident fact, 
gathered from those records, that the land of Cauaan, and 
the people that have inhabited it, have been under 'he special 
providences of the Almighty from the calling of Abraham to 
the present, a period of nearly 3800 years. It was the subject 
of many prophetic promises to the ancient patriarchs, and its 
future, down to the end of time, was ever a grand theme for 
the prophetic inspirations of the prophets of Israel. The 
importance of the Bible, as a narrative of historical facts and 
a record of inspired declarations concerning the future of 
nations and of the world, cannot be over-estimated. 



Meats COOKED BY COLD. — Lrisa fact of familiar experi- 
ence that extreme cold produces in orgauic substances effects 
closely resembling those of heat. Thus, contact with frozen 
mercury gives the same sensation as contact with fire; and meat 
that has been exposed to a very low temperature assumes a 
condition like that produced by heat. This action of intense 
cold has been turned to account for economical uses by Dr. 
Sawiczevosky, an Hungarian chemist. lie subjects flesh-meats 
to a temperature of minus 33° Fahr., and having thus "cooked 
them by cold," seals them hermetically in tin cans. The 
results are represented as being entirely satisfactory. The 
meat, when taken out of the cans a long time afterwards, is 
found to he, as regards its appearance and its odor, in all 
rspects as inviting as at first. It is partially cooked, and 
needs hut little treatment more to prepare it for the table. A 
German goverment commission has made experiments with 
this process, and two naval vessels dispatched on a voyage of 
circumnavigation were provisioned with this kind of meat. 
An establishment has been set up in Hungary fur preserving 
meats in this way. 





94: 



CTTJ^T ENILE HTSTRIJOTOR. 




% 



raue 



Is 




BY WILLIAM FOTHERINQHAM. 




( Continued. " 

AFTER passing through several villager we reached Futteh- 
pore, situated about seventy miles north-west of Allah- 
abad. It had the appearance of a lively business place, being 
the business centre of the district of Futtehpore. It contained 
about a dozen bungalows which were occupied by the civil 
officers of the district, including a native population of about 
15,000, A small, but elegant, mosque helped the appearance 
of the town, which is surrounded by a cluster of Mohammedan 
villages. The district of Futtehpore lies between (hose of 
Allahabad and Cawanpore, including all that rich part of the 
Doab lying between the rivers Jumna and Ganges. It has an 
area of 1,080 square miles, containing a population of over 
512,000. It produces great quantities of cotton, indigo and 
opium, which products are shipped to Calcutta. 

As we journeyed day and night, a little over two days' travel 
brought us to the city of Cawanpore, the depot of which we 
reached about eight o'clock in the evening. The next day we 
principally spent in visiting the bazars and taking a view of 
the place. Cawanpore, the name of the city as well as the 
district in which it is located, is built on the right bank of the 
Ganges, one thousand miles above Calcutta, by way of the 
river. At this point the river is about a mile in width, and 
the ghat, or landing place, presents to the eye of the traveler 
a lively scene. A ferry boat is constantly plying between the 
Lucknow side of the river and Cawanpore, having on board a 
dense crowd of dusky passengers, consisting of travelers, 
merchants and fakirs; also camels, horses and bullocks, all 
jammed together. Every description and model of native 
craft that floats upon the Ganges can be seen at Cawanpore. 
The country boats, with their sterns elevated far above their 
bows, the boatmen being sheltered from the sun by thatched 
work, from a distance appear like floating hay stacks. The 
cantonments extend six miles in length by about half a mile 
in width, having ample capacity to quarter 7,000 troops. 
When Sepoy regiments are stationed at Cawanpore it has the 
appearance of a city built of canvas, streets and squares of 
tents extending over a large space. In the rear of each regi- 
mental quarter is a bazar, composed of tents, from which the 
troops draw many of their supplies. All the other motley 
legions of camp followers are scattered over the cantonments, 
swelling the native popu'ation, as we were informed, to about 
fifty thousand. This did not include the population of the 
native city of Cawanpore, which amounts to about 60,000. 

The city presents an irregular mass of crude buildings, 
with narrow, filthy streets and alleys. The residences of the 
Europeans were similar to the bungalows in other stations — 
commodious, with cither tiled or thatched roofs, each built in 
the center of an enclosure, where were growing grapes, 
oranges, limes, peaches, melons, guavas, mangoes, plantains 
;iml custard-apples, with other lucious fruits. 

While in Cawanpore we received a letter from Elder Willes, 
directing us to proceed to Secundrabad, where he would meet 
us. Before reaching there we came to Allygurgh, seventy- 
four miles from Delhi. The place is garrisoned by a strong 
fortress. South of the fort are the military cantonments, 
bazars and civil establishments. The town is surrounded by 
marshes and shallow sloughs, dotted with tropical orchards 



and gardens. A large force of wagon-makers and blacksmiths 
were here employed in making bullock-wagons. 

Allygurgh was formerly the principal depot of a party of 
French, under the generalship of M. Perron, who were in the 
service of Dowlut Rao Sindia, drilling his native forces, lead- 
ing them in times of war and collecting the revenues of the 
Doab. Sindia was soon convinced that when they came in 
contact with the English they could not stand their ground, 
hence he became dissatisfied with his French allies, and was 
anxious to get rid of them. About this time, which was in 
the year 1S03, General, or Lord, Lake, with a force of 4.500 
men took the fortress Allygurgh by storm, which has been 
held and occupied by the English ever since, except a short 
period during the revolt of 1857. 

We arrived at Secundrabad at 3 p. m. and found Brother 
Willes waiting at the government bungalow for us. This was 
the first time we had ever met. Personally we were strangers 
to each other, but being baptized into the same spirit, we 
hailed each other as servants of the Lord and representatives 
of the same great cause, and felt as though we had had a long 
acquaintance. Having been crampt d and stifled for thirty- 
two days and nights in the bullock wagons, we were glad to 
have a change, even if the change were ever so small. 

We had our effects put into the bungalow, where we had 
dinner, after which we were loaded into a superb gharee, 
drawn by a span of very large fine-looking bullocks, the 
property of F. Skinner, Etq., who resided at Balespore, five 
miles from Secundrabad. Brother Willes had been residing 
with him for some time. He also received Polder Woolley 
and myself as his guests, with kindness, at the same time 
inviting us to make our home with him on his plantations as 
long as we desired. We thanked him kindly, and did not 
forget to thank the Lord for His care extended towards us in 
preparing a place for His servants to rest a few days. 

Our kind host — a native, perhaps a little mixed with 
Portuguese, but adopting (he habits and customs of the 
Anglo-Indian in language, education and general mode of 
living — was a son of the late Col. Skinner, C. B., who dis- 
tinguished himself during the Pungab wars, and was pro- 
moted by the East India Company for his services. He 
owned extensive indigo plantations in the suburbs of Secun- 
drabad, which, after his decease, became the property of his 
sons, Thomas and James. 

Our host was a great sportsman and hunter, and the 
walls of his bungalow were lavishly adorned with trophies of 
the chase. His extensive plantations were well stocked with 
deer and antelope, and he had, also, an extensive aviary, con- 
taining a great variety of tropical birds. His bungalow was 
in the midst of a grove of trees, bearing tropical fruits, in the 
centre of which was a magnificent pavilion, containing seats 
for a few persons. He furnished us horses and servants and 
invited us to accompany him on his hunting expeditions; but 
we generally left him and his servants to do the hunting, while 
we sought the shade to await his return. 

We visited his indigo plantations with him, and learned 
from him the mode of manufacturing the indigo, of which I 
shall say something in the next chapter. 
( To he Continued. ) 



GENUINE neighborly love kno.ws no distinction of persons. 
It is like the sun, which does not ask on what it shall shin e 
or what it shall warm, but shines and warms by the very laws 
of its own being. 





JTJTE31TILE I1TSTRTJCTOR;. 



95 




MEXICAlsT OHILDHBIT. 



BY R. fl. SMITH. 




THE Indian and Mexican children in Old and New Mexico, 
are educated very differently to those of Utah and many 
other parts of the civilized world. 

True politeness and ohedience are taught them from their 
earliest infancy until they are grown, and no person who 
delights to see children obedient and polite can help marking 
the great contrast presented by those almost illiterate 
children in their daily habits, compared with the would-be 
smart and intelligent children of our own fair land, where 
education and good manners are foremost in our early and 
youthful teachings. 

On going into the house of a Mexican or an Indian in 
Mexico, no matter how humble the appearance of the house 
may be, you will be received with as much politeness by 
every member of the family as any noted personage would 
be if introduced into one of our most fashionable circ!e3' , 
The inmates from the oldest to the youngest will acknowledge 
your presence by politely bowing to you, and if any have hats 
or bonnets on, they will very gracefully salute you by raiding 
them from their heads, and, to show you still further respect, 
will remain with their heads uncovered during your stay in tt e 
house. 

If you try to converse with any of the children they will 
pay strict attention to what you say, and never interrupt you 
during the conversation. When necessary they will pleasantly 
answer you with "Yes sir," or "no sir," as the case may be, 
instead of the common and too oftenly uttered "yes" and "no'' 
among our children. In conversing with them, should they 
misunderstand you, instead of exclaiming in a rude manner 
"What?" they will say "Please sir, I did not understand you; 
be kind enough to repeat it." 

This politeness is not confiued to the children, but it is 
strictly carried into practice by the older ones. I have seen 
a Mexican stranger enter a home and ask for a drink of 
water, when a little boy ten or twelve years of ago, would go 
immediately to the nearest water channel with a small vessel 
and return with it filled. On approaching the stranger, who 
would step outside to meet him, the little fellow would 
respectfully take off his hat, then hand him the water, and 
remain with his hat in his hand while the gentleman was drink- 
ing. On returning the cup to the boy the gentleman would 
kindly thank him, politely raise his hat to the little fellow, and 
thus take his leave. 

In passing along the streets of their villages and towns 
every man you meet will salute you by lifting his hat, and not 
only the men, but all, down to the smallest boy, will do the 
same. No matter how poor, ragged or illiterate they may 
appear to be, all will observe these rules of politeness. 

Again, among the games and plays of the boys you will 
find the same polite ways, and instead of indulging in harsh 
words, disputing and wrangling with each other they will 
pleasantly contend for their rights in a game and always use 
the best language at their command. The scholastic educa- 
tion of these children is very limited, yet in many respects they 
are ahead of our youth. The boys are experts in breaking 
and training horses and in using the "riatta," or lasso, as wo 
sometimes call it, while girls are taught in the arts of spinning 
and weav'ng blankets, shawls, etc. 

The young people of the Latter-day Saints possess many 
advantages thac these poor children of the south are deprived 



of, but in politeness of manners and general decorum 
they might very profitably pattern after the children of 
Mexico. 



^p» <^ #H 



OTTIR, TTSDEIFTTI-, IE ^IR/THIS 



BY J. L. BARFOOT. 



BESIDES the kaolins, clays and other earthy masses useful 
to the potter for the bodies of utensils, there are ochreous 
materials useful for glazes and coloring, as well as for other 
purposes in the arts. We have many varieties of such. A 
short time ago specimens of manufactured earthy pigments 
were shown in this city, proving that our ochres can be pre- 
pared of various grades and colors upon a commercial scale 
when a demand shall be made for them. These mnnufactur- 
ing enterprizes originated atBrigham City, or in that direction; 
but in this city years ago such things were made and took 
prizes of merit at our annual shows. Among chemical manu- 
facturers of pigments, paints, boles, ochres and other articles 
of utility, we find the names of Pascoe, Pyper, Mitchell and 
other brethren. Some of the arlicles prepared by Brother 
Pa=coe were afterwards shown at the Pavilion exhibition at 
San Francisco, and favorably noticed. It may seem to some 
but a small part of the industrial force of this community 
that could be reasonably brought into requisition by manu- 
factures of this kind, but this is a mistake; for in producing 
articles of great merit, the demand for them frequently 
increases, and may become a source o! permanent revenue. 

The article of white lead alone would be the means of 
employing many of our people. It is now imported at con- 
siderable annual expense. We have plenty of lead, and many 
forms of ochreous lead, all of which could be prepared for 
home consumption. 

For painting purposes many'of our'natural pigments could 
be utilized; and not only would they be cheaper, but they 
would be better to use in a sanitary sense. Lead in any form 
is dangerous to be about our habitations. In our households, 
when it enters into the composition of glazes of earthen ware, 
it may become soluble in food prepared in such vessels, or in 
the state of vapor it may be inhaled into the lungs when lead 
pigments are used for purposes of decoration. This is true 
also of copper and arsenical pigments, of the properties of 
which much has been said in the pages of the Instructor 
heretofore. Our pigments are well worthy of attention from 
every consideration of expediency, policy, economy, and, 
above all, from their comparative freedom from poisonous 
impurities. 

There is to be an agricultural and manufacturing fair this 
year, at which, it is to be hoped, natural pigments, boles, 
clays and every article illustrative of our economical geology 
will be exhibited with a view to the utilization of our vast 
mineral resources. 



-**■ 



i » 



Treasures.— If a young person will begin and persevere 
in the practice of learning by heart, say four lines of good 
poetry every day, there will be laid up in the treasure-house 
of memory fourteen huudred and sixty lines in a year. So of 
facts, and various kinds of information. All great things are 
done little by little. Atoms make worlds. The greatest 
fortunes consist of cents. Life is made up of moments, 
and a succession of well-spent moments make a well-spent 
life. 





0"U -V E 3ST 1 L E IlTSTE,TJCTOB. 




NEVER BE LATE 



Words Selected. 
Lively, 



Music by A. C. Smyth. 



*»**-*- -5- • » » ^ u, ^ 



Never be late to the 

>» N »« S * \ 

0-0—0 -0-0—0' 

:#=tz=:j 



k» UK k 

Sunday school class, Come with your bright sun-ny 



I 
aces; 



.«_*_ 



_*• _*»_,»_ 



Cheering your teachers and 

(V « fc fc N r* 



^ (» ^ — ^ I— f— , — —= W~ P- -~ , 1— p« P« 1 ;«: . .— (— :-_^ . p~ f- f>— p- p^ — r= . 



CHORUS. 



-» ar — *v- 

pleasing your God- 



rps=^ 



:*— S 



rat 
01 — 
— 



Always 



be 



:rffcrqv: 




found in your places 

-ff__5_ „■ 0— 

g=£JEgzEzE^ 



^-«r=zlz=* — 25r^=--? 3S=t£r=fo=\ =EE*=q»«- 
the warning: Try to be there, always 



Children rp-mem- 

» > > *> 

._.#» _ — » — ** — 






! 

Ready to mingle your voices in praise, 

Sinking with joyful emotion; 
Heady to join in the prayer that is breath'd, 

Bowing in humble devotion. 



Si 



-m- 



:fec 







-F-a» — *» — 10 — 10' \--\o — e» — — s» — 1« — l»— H — — 



Always be ready and willing to learn, 
Making your duty a pleasure, 

Trying to follow the Savior's command, 
Thpn He will give you a treasure 



If you are faithful in all that you do, 

Ever your Savior confessing, 
Then will the Sabbath glide cheerfully by 

Crowning the week with its blessing. 



S U" IST ID ^fV IT EESSOiTS 
FOR LIT1LE LEARNERS. 



HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THK PROPHET. — LESSON LXXII. 




Q. — Who else did Joseph write to about the time Brothers 
Turley and Grant were sent w.th a letter to Governor Ford' 

A —To the Twelve Apostles, who were absent on missions. 

Q. — What did he request them to do' - 

A — To come home immediately, on account of trouble 

Q. — When Governor Ford read Joseph's letter, what did he 
promise? 

A. — To send soldiers to protect him on his way to Carthage. 

Q.— After the Governor had made this promise, who came in 
and made bitter speeches against Joseph? 

A. — A lawyer by the name of Skinner, and Wilson Law, the 
apostate. 

Q.— What effect did these lying reports have on the Governor? 

A — They made him very angry, and he ordered Brothers 
Turley and Grant to leave Carthage at 10 o'clock at night. 

Q.— What else did he do? 

A.— lie refused to send soldiers to protect Joseph, and sent 
for him to be at Carthage at 10 o'clock the next morning. 

Q. — When Brothers Turley and Grant reached Nauvoo and 
told .Joseph what the Governor had ?aid, what did he do? 

A. — He started for Carthage with eighteen brethren. 

Q. — When Joseph pa 1 by the Temple and looked upon the 

city, what remark did he make? 

A. — He said, "This is the loveliest place and the best people 
under the heavens." 

O. — As he left the city, whom did he call upon? 

A.— Brother Daniel H. Wells. 

Q — When within four miles of Carthage, whom did they 
meet. 

A. — A company of sixty mounted militia under the command 
Oi I laptain Dunn. 



Q —What did Captain Dunn present to Joseph? 

A. — An order from Governor Ford for all the State arms in 
thi possession of the Nauvoo Legion. 

Q. — What did Joseph do with the order? 

A.— He countersigned it, and returned to Nauvoo to see that 
the lire-arms were all given up. 



The answer to the Scriptural Enigma published in No. is 
ISRAEL. The words forming the acrostic are: ISAAC(Gen. xxvii. 
22), Sarah (Gen. xxi 2), Rebekah (Gen xxvii. ■12-45), Abra- 
ham (Jas. ii 23), Esatj (Gen. xxvii 41), Leah (Gen. xxix. 32.) 

We have received correct solutions from Jane C. Johnson, 
Mary J. Johnson, Johnson; Nellie White, West Porterville; 
Maggie Thompson. Richmond; Geo. H. Draper, Herriman; E. J. 
Newman, Ogden; Elizabeth Greenhalgh, Nepbi; Emma Glover, 
West Jordan; Wm. J. Millard, Farmington; Henry J. Wallace, 
W. R. Wallace, Mary S. Smith, Ozro 0. Crockett, James A 
Woods, Josiah Burrows, Salt Lake City. 



TTJ^EZLSriLE nTSTZR/CTOTOIR, 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Singh Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

#S-Offlce, South Temple Street, One Block West of Taber- 
nacle, Salt Lake City. 




