alhms tfl i\t '$ax)s\ 



■^^4 







VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, MARCH 30, 1872. 



NO. 7. 



EHjISHI-^ I=J^E.TI1TC3- the J-0:EbJDJ^lsL. 



WE are informed in the Scriptures that faith is the gift of 
Grod ; and the same authority tells us that the ancien t peo- 
lilc of God, through the exercise of this principle, performed 
many -wonderful works, and were enabled to endure great aflBic- 
tions and privations. By turning to the eleventh chapter of the 
Hebrews you may learn something about the effects of faith, 
and what the ancients accomplished by its exercise. You will 
find that, inspired by this wonderful gift of God, his ancient 
people stopped the mouths of lions, quenched the violence of 



Most of you recollect reading about the Prophet Daniel being 
cast into the den of hungry lions, because he refused to worshii) 
the Lord, and yet ho was not hurt by them. This was the 
result of his faith in God, he, by faith, actually closed the 
mouths of the lions. You also remember about Shadracb, 
Meshach and Abednego being cast into the furnace, which 
had been made so hot that the heat killed those who east them 
into the fire. They, on that occasion, by their faith quenched 
the violence of fire. There are numerous instances of the dead 







fire, escaped the edge of the sword, received their dead to life, \ 
ctidurod Ujrture, mockings and scourgiiigs, and in fact, wrought 
the greatest works and endured the most cruel jjerseculions, trials 
and aUlictions, whicli the mind is capable of cuncieiving. It i 
would be a very easy task to direct your minds to many cases I 
of this kind recorded in the Bible; but space and tiujc are too 
limited to permit the mention of more than a very few on the , 
present occasion. 




being restored to life by the exercise of this same remarkable 
gift of God. The I'rophet Elisha, by faitli, raised to lil'e the 
only son of the Shunemiti; widow. The Apostle I'aul resturecl 
the young mau who fell di^ad while in the assembly listening t(i 
him preach. Christ raised Lazarus, also the daughti'r (if 
Jairus; and througli the wliole Scrij)tun's, whether contaiiieil 
in the Bible or the J5ook of Jlnrmon, you may find case after 
case of tiiis kind recorded showing forth the wonderfid power 



■l^^< 




J- TJ "V E IsT I L E3 I IT STie^TJ O T O I?/. 



exercised by those who possessed the gift of faith. Our engrav- 
ing this week is intended to ilhistrate one of the most remark- 
able instances of the kind to bo found iu the whole of the sacred 
volume. 

Among the Uiightiest of the prophets mentioned in the Old 
Testament, are Elijah and Elisha. Their deeds are recorded in 
the second book of Kings. These two men appear t<5 have 
been great friends, and to have clung to each other with great 
tenacity, not until death parted them, for Elijah, who left 
earth first, never saw deatli, but went to heaven, we are told, 
in a chariot of fire. An account of the change, or translation, 
from earth to a better life, which tliis highly favored individual 
experienced, will be found in the second chapter of the hook of 
Kings. From the history there recorded, it ajipears the two 
traveled together to a place called Gilgal. Both seemed to be 
aware of the great change awaiting Elijah, and the latter 
requested Elisha to stay at Gilgal ; but he, as if determined to 
be in the company of his friend as long as possible, refused, and 
they traveled thence to Bethel. On reaching this place, Elijah 
again requested Elisha to remain, but he again refused. The 
two prophets then journeyed in company to Jericho, and Elijah 
renewed his request, but his companion still refused to leave 
hiu). Their next journey was to the Jordan river, upon reach- 
ing which, Elijah, we are informed, took his mantle, wrapped 
it together, smote the waters and diviiied them, so that the two 
walked on dry ground, through the bed of the river, to the 
other side of Jordan. 

Both seemed to lie aware that the time of )iarting was now 
nigh, for Elijah said to Eli.'^ha : "Ask what I shall do for thee 
before I be taken away from thee;" and Elisha answered: "I 
pray thee let a double portion of thy spirit be upon me." This 
request Elijah promised to grant on condition that his departure 
was seen by Elisha. A short time afterwards there appeared 
to the two men a chariot of fire and horses of fire, and Elijah 
was taken aloft in a whirlwind, and Elisha saw it, and he cried; 
"My father, my father, the chariot of Israel and the horsemen 
thereof." He saw Elijah no more, but the mantle of his 
departed friend fell ujwn him, and he returned to the Jordan, 
and divided its waters, (the scene represented in the 
engraving) with the mantle of his departed friend, and by this 
it was known that his request had been granted, and a double 
portion of his spirit had fallen upon him. 

The Latter-day Saints, in their history since the organization 
of the Church, have had their faith many times tested very 
severely, anil by its exercise have accomplished many mighty 
and wonderful works. As the Church i)rogresses this power or 
gift will become more and more developed, for the exhortation 
to (he Church of latter days as well to that of former days, is 
to contend earnestly for the faith once delivered to the Saints, 






'"BiKifS." — The wiird "bcigus," which is applied to things of 
a fraudulent and diceitf'ul nature, is an Americanism, and is 
said to have originated in this way; — About twenty years ago, 
an Italian calling himself Borghese, circulated, in the south and 
west, a large number of counterfeit bank-bills, and bills of banks 
that had no real existence. The iieople of those localities cor- 
rupted the name of the swindler into "Bogus," and made use 
of it a.s a term of reproach. 

liiixi.vif the cars is an inexeusablc brutality; many a child 
has been made deaf for life by it, because the "drum of the 
(•ar" is a menibrann, as thin as paper, stret<;he3 like a curtain 
Just inside tir; external entrance of the ear, there is nothing 
iiut air just behind it, and any violent concu.ssion is liable to 
rend it in two, and the "hearing" is destroyed for ever because 
the 8en.se of hearing is caused by the vibrations of this drum or 
" tympanum. "i 



THE STOK.'X" oip "VT^rjEisr- 

TIZsTE IDU-VJ^IL,. 



PIIOM CHAMBERS' MISCELI-ANY, 



{Concluded.) 



'' T CAN scarcely think that, my child," said the good father, 
X who was himself no 'gcoprapher ; "for in my voyage to 
Calabria, I had to traverse more than three hundred and sixty 
leagues, and I did not, to a certainty, make the circuit of the 
globe." 

This observation, so just, yet so simple, was felt in its full 
force by Duval, at once overthrowing all his fondly-cherished 
theories; and might have been the means of his renouncing 
self-instruction altogether, had not accident again favored him. 
Every Sunday he attended at the Carmelite church of Lune- 
ville; and on one occasion, having sauntered into the garden 
attached to it, ho perceived one of the monks occupied in read- 
ing. On inquiring the name of the book, he was told that it 
was a guide to the study of geography, by the Sieur Lannay. 
The interest which the boy evinced, prompted the monk to ask 
him some question, the result of which was, that, before leaving, 
he gave Duval the book. To Valentine such a work was in 
itself a treasure ; and on his return to the hermitage, he lost no 
time in studying its contents. He there saw the manner in 
which the degrees of the equator were applied to the measure- 
ment of the different portions of the earth ; and in making him 
comprehend the litiloncss of our globe in comparison to the vast 
space with which it was surrounded, filled him with wonder. 

The wish to become the possessor of a larger stock of books, 
made him turn over in his thoughts various expedients ; and at 
length his active mhid suggested the means. He made war on 
the denizens of the forest — foxes, polecats, etc. — and then, 
selling their skins at Luneville, was enabled to purchase books. 
He also snared birds, and disposing of them likewise, he, in 
less than a month, gathered up a little capital of forty crowns. 
Forty crowns ! one hundred and twenty francs amassed thus, 
sous by sous, with an industiy which increased each day. If 
you can imagine this, my young friends, you may conceive the 
happiness of Duval. He immediately ran to the town of 
Nancy — yes, ran is the word — as fast as his feet could carry 
him, and the first question he asked on entering the town was, 
to demand the address of a library. He was directed to a book- 
seller named Tnian. 

"Sir," said he, the moment he entered the shop, "I have a 
hundred and twenty francs which I wish to expend with you. 
I should thank you to tell mo the books best suited to my age 
and instruction." 

The frank and ingenuous countenance of Duval, and the art- 
Icssness with which ho had told his wishes, interested the kind- 
hearted Truan so muc:h, that he would willingly have placed the 
contents of his shop at the disposal of the amiable boy. The 
bnokseller showed him a number of books which he thought 
Would answer; but when their jtrico was calculated, it was 
found to amount to a much larger sum than Valentine 
possessed. 

''What shall I do?" said he, coujpletely overwhelmed. 
''You can owe mc^ the ovcriilus, my little friend," said Ihc 
librarian. 

"But ydU (b) not know me, sir," objected the boy, divided 
between the wish to take the books and the disinclination 
to contract a debt; "and upon what is your confidence in me 
founded?" 

''Upon your countenance, and the wish you appear to have 
for learning, my child: I read in your face that you would not 
deceive me, and that you will pay mc! bfiibre long." 

"Well, sir, since your good ii])inion is taken on such equivocal 
foundation, I willingly except your offer ; and I assure you that 




J- TJ "V E ISr I H. E! IlsTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



51 



I shall, as far as possible, try to merit that good opinion." 

When he had his books arranged in his little cell, ■with the 
planisphere attached to the wall over his bed, he ■would not 
have exchanged his dormitory for the grandest chamber of the 
Louvre. The ■walls ■were covered ■with maps of provinces and 
kingdoms — a little world iu themselves — and Valentine seldom 
retired to rest without having first traced, by their assistance, 
the route of some traveler ■whose footsteps he longed to follow. 

A happy adventure which occurred to him at this time, was 
the means of increasing his treasure — the number of his books 
— for to liim they were the only things regarded as such. One 
day, while watching his cows, he found an armorial seal, and 
immediately announced the circumstance at the hermitage. The 
next day an Englishman presented himself in his little chamber. 

"The seal which you have found is mine — I come to reclaim 
it." 

''If it is yours," replied Valentine, "you can of course 
describe the arms." 

"You wish to joke with me, young man," said the English- 
man, regarding the mean dress and heavy shoes of Duval with 
a scornful look; "as if you were able to understand heraldry." 

"That matters not, sir," said Valentine in a quiet tone; "if 
you desire to get your seal, you must describe it fully." 

Not to prolong the discussion, the stranger obeyed ; and 
Valentino being assured that the Englishman was the real 
owner, restored it to him. 

''Who attends to your education?" asked he, already conceiv- 
ing a high opinion of the poor youth. 

"Myself," replied Valentine artlessly. 

"Yourself alone?" 

"With the aid of my books, sir: you can see that I have a 
good number of them." 

The Englishman smiled. ''You have but these?" said he; 
"and how have you procured them?" 

Valentine recounted the manner in which he had waged war 
on the birds and beasts of the forest, and the way in which he 
had applied the profits. 

"Poor child 1" said the stranger, after listening with atten- 
tion to him; "come to my lodgings, and, since you love books, 
I shall give you some." 

Thanks to the generosity of the Englishman, his library got an 
increase of over a hundred volumes. The education which he 
acquired by their perusal, aided in giving him a wish to better 
his condition, and Providence assisted him in this desire. 

The wood in which the cattle were pastured, by the quantity 
of books and charts he each morning took with him, presented 
the appearance of a cabinet of study. One day while seated at 
the foot of a tree, thinking over the best means of changing a 
position in life which had become irksome to him, with his eyes 
fixed upon an open map, an individual happened to pass, and 
astonished at the sight of a boy watching cows, and at the 
same time studying, he approached him. 

"What are you engaged at, my boy?" asked the stranger. 

"I am studying geography, sir," replied Valentine. 

"Do you understand such things?" asked the unknown, 
more and more astonished. 

"I never occupy myself about things I do not understand," 
said the young student. 

"What are your studies at the present moment, my young 
friend?" asked the stranger with afiability. 

"I am seeking the route to Quebec, sir." 

"Might I ask the reason, my child?" 

"That I might go there to continue my studies at the univer- 
sity, sir. I have read in my books that it is famous." 

"There are other universities much nearer to you, and equally 
good. Tell me one that you would like, my young friend." 

This proposition made Duval raise his eyes to the person who 
spoke. He was a young man of engaging countenance, and the 
hunting-dress which he wore indicated high rank. Before the 



boy had time to reply, a numerous retinue issued from various 
parts of the forest, evidently iu quest of the stranger, and, by 
their livery, he at once knew that he who spoke was one of the 
princes of the house of Lorraine. 

It was no other than the Duke Leopold, who, perceiving 
Valentine's confusion, by the kindness and affability of his man- 
ner soon engaged him in conversation ; and so well pleased was 
he with the answers of the poor boy, that he finished by pro- 
posing that he should continue his studies at the Jesuits' 
College of Pont a Mousson. Without hesitation, Valentine 
accepted the kind offer of the duke ; and bidding adieu to the 
hermits, he and his books were soon transported thither. His 
progress in learning was as rapid as might have been expected, 
the study he preferred being geography, history, and the 
ancients. His masters at length declared that they had nothing 
more to teach him. 

The Duke of Lorraine, who had declared himself the pro- 
tector of Duval, took him to Paris in 1718, and gave him funds 
to travel through Holland and the Low Countries. On his 
return, the duke nominated him his librarian ; and a chair of 
liistory was founded for him at Luneville. 

The presents which he received on his elevation, and the 
economy with which he lived, enabled him to gratify the 
generous impulses of his heart. The remembrance cf the kind- 
ness shown him by the hermits of St. Anne was not forgotten. 
He not only built a more extensive and commodious house, but 
bought a large tract of land for them, by which means they 
were enabled to extend their charity. Finding that all his 
family were dead, he purchased the cottage at Anthenay in 
which he was born, and on its site built a house for the recep- 
tion of a schoolmaster, where the children of the village who 
were unable to pay were educated. 

When the Duke of Lorraine died, in 1T29, his son the Duke 
Francis removed to Tuscany ; and, notwithstanding the endeav- 
ours made to retain Duval at LuneviUe, he followed the fortunes 
of the young prince, and continued to hold the ofiice of librarian. 
When the Duke Francis was raised to the throne of Germany 
by his marriage with Maria Therese, Duval stUl remained near 
him, and had apartments in the royal palace. All these favors 
did not render him either vain or proud. His dress and his 
habits were alike plain and unostentatious ; dividing his time 
between study, walking, and the society of a few select friends, 
his life glided on peacefully and agreeably. 

Never 'wishing to make a parade of his knowledge, his fre- 
quent reply when questions were asked was : "I know nothing." 
On one occasion, while conversing with some ignorant person, 
he made use of this expression, to which the other replied : 
"The emperor pays you for your knowledge." 

"The emperor," said the librarian, "pays me for that which 
I know ; if he paid me for that of which I am ignorant, all 
the treasures of his empire would not suffice." 

His life, sober, active, and accustomed to fatigue, was pro- 
longed to an advanced period, and he died on the od of Septem- 
ber 1775, at the age of eighty years. Amongst many other 
charitable bequests which his will contained, was one by which 
he gave 10,000 florins for the endowment each year of three 
poor children of Vieima. 



The large clock at the English Parliament house is the 
largest one in the world. The four dials of this clock are each 
22 feet in diameter. Every half minute the point of the min^ 
ute hand moves nearly seven inches. The clock will go eight 
and a half days, but it only strikes seven and a half, thus 
indicating any neglect in winding it up. The mere winding up 
of the striking mechanism takes two hours. The ])endulum is 
15 feet long; the wheels are of cast-iron ; the hour bell is 8 feet 
high and 9 feet in diameter, weighing nearly 15 tons, and the 
hammer alone weighs more than 400 pounds. 



§^^ 



■^^>6i 



im^ 



■f*T 



^O)^ 5S 



CTTJ^EniTILE IILTSTI^TJCTOI^. 



^^' 




CEORCE Q. CANNON • - EDITOR. 

SATUEDxVY, MAKCH 30, 1872. 




X this article ■we design to call the attention 
of our young readers to an institution ■which 
has been established in Salt Lake City for 
several months past : ■we mean the savings 
bankj or ratlier the savings department 
established in connection ■with the Bank of 
Doseret. Some of you, ■who ha\'e lived in 
the Eastern States or in Europe, know that 
banks are very common institutions, and 
that in many places savings banks are estab- 
lished ; but these latter have been unkno^wn in 
Utah uatU ■within a fe^w months past. As a 
general thing few but rich persons, or at least 
those ■who possess more means tlian they need 
to supply their present wants, can afford to pat- 
tronize banking institutions ; but savings banks ■were 
established solely for the benefit of the poorer classes, 
— ;those ■who, out of their •weekly earnings, can spare 
just a few cents or pence. 

On all money placed in banks the proprietors or 
managers of them pay a certain amount per cent., that is, they 
pay the owner of the money so much for the use of it. In some 
places they pay eight or ten per cent. ]ier annum, ■which in 
plain English means, eight or ten dollars are paid for the use of 
one hundred for one year. Suppose any of .vou, for instance, 
had saved up your odd cents until it reached five dollars, and 
you ■were to place that in a savings bank -which paid ten per 
cent, per annum, in one year, -without any trouble on your part, 
your five dollars ■would amount to five dollars and fifty cents. If 
you could place a hundred dollars in the .same bank it would, in 
the same time, amount tu one hundred and ten dollars; an. I so 
in proportion with any other sum. 

Many of you, no doubt, often six'ud money in candy and 
other things which, though they njay gratify you for a lew 
moments, do you no real good. Some of you who read this 
ujay think : "0 well, I do not have above ten cents a week, and 
that is not worth saving." Now, stop a moment, let us see. 
You spend .just ten cents a week, say, in nonsense; in one year, if 
you put that in the bank, it would, at ton per cent, per annum 
interest, amount to five dollars and fifty cents, and if at the end 
of the year you drew that out it would buy you something 
useful ; and you would not be a bit the worse lor not having 
your weekly ten cents' worth of nonsense. 

Many of you who attend school, and have got as far in your 
arithmetic as the rule of " simple interest," can easily calculate 
what a certain amount ■will come to at a certain rate jicr cent, 
per annum. If, instead of drawing from the bank, your 
five dollars and fifty cents at the end of the year, you lot it 
remain, the interest is cc>mpounded, that is, interest is paid the 
next year, on your original five dollars, and also on the half 
dollar it has earned for interest. If you have reached the rule 
of ''compound interest" in your arithmetital studies, you had 
better, just by way of illustration, solve some of the (|ucstions 
under that rule, and you will then see how quickly money 
accumulates at (wmpound interest. 

The savings deiiartmcnt of the Bank of Deseret pays, at the 
jiresent time, eight per cent, per annum, and they commeace 



the compounding process at the end of six months. So that if 
any of you, to-day, possess twenty-five dollars, and you feel 
disposed to place it there, at the end of half a year it would 
amount to twenty-six dollars, and if you still let it remain in the 
bank, interest the next half year would be paid on the twenty- 
six, which, at the end of that time, at eight per cent, would, 
make your original twenty-five dollars, amount, in one year, with- 
out the least trouble on your part, to twenty-seven dollars and 
four cents. If you can, just make calculations on any other 
iums, at compound interest, to see how rapidly they aecumul- 
aces. 

In calling your attention to this matter we do not design or 
desire, to create within you a love of money, or a desire to 
hoard it up, for this is one of the greatest evils men are guilty 
of; but, simply to direct your minds to a principle which, if 
observed by you, may in time prove very beneficial. You can 
deposit as small a sum as one dollar at a time in the savings 
department of the Bank of Deseret; and if you only manage to 
save one dollar in three months, and you continue to deposit 
that amount until .you have reached man or womanhood the sum 
thus saved, with its accumulated interest would help you materi- 
ally in starting in some business, and might be a help to you 
through your whole lives. There are ways in wliich money may 
be investedjwhich will yield a good deal more than eight per cent, 
even at compound interest ; but there is none perhaps in which 
such small sums can be invested and, with so little trouble or 
risk to those investing, ensure returns as largo; and on this 
account we call the attention of our young readers to savings 
banks generally, and speciall.v to the savings department of the 
Bank of Deseret. 



Gold Lack. — Gold lace is 7wt gold lace. It does not deserve 
this title, f(jr the gold is applied as a surface to silver. It is not 
even silver lace, fur the silver is applied to a foundation of silk. 
The silken threads for making this material are wound round 
with gold wire, so thickly as to conceal the silk ; and the mak- 
ing of this gold wire is one of the most singular mechanical 
operations imaginable. In the first i)lace, the refiner prepares 
a solid rod of silver about an inch in thickness; he heats this 
rod, applies upon the surface a sheet of gold leaf, burnishes 
this down, and so on, until the gold is about one-hundredth part 
the thickness of the silver. Then the rod is subjected to a train 
of processes wliich brings it down to the state of fine wire ; it 
is passed through holes in a steel plate, lessening step by stop 
in diameter. The gold never deserts the silver, but adheres 
closely to it, and shares all its mutations; it is one hundredth 
part the thickness of the silver at the beginning, and it main- 
tains the same ratio to the end. As to the thinness to which the 
gold-coated rod of silver can be brought, the limit depends on 
the delicacy of human skill ; but the most remarkable example 
ever known was brought forward by Dr. Wollaston. This was 
an example of solid gold wire without any silver. He procured 
a small rod of cilver, bored a hole through it from end to end, 
and inserted in this hole the smallest gold wire ho could procui'o ; 
he subjected the silver to the usual wire-drawing process, until 
he had brought it to the finest attainable state — being, in fact, 
a silver wire as fine as a hair, with a gold wire in its centre. 
To isolate this gold wire he subjected it to warm nitrous acid, 
by which the silver was dissolved, leaving a gold wire one-thir- 
ty-thousandth of an inch in thickness — peihai)s the thinnest 
round wire that the hand of man has yet produced. But the 
wire, though bej'ond all comparison finer than any employed in 
manufactories, does not ai)pn'achin thinness the film of gold on 
the surface of silver in gold lace. It has been calculated that 
the gold on the very finest silver wire for gold lace is not more 
than one-third of one millionth of an inch in thickness; 
that is, not above onc-tetith the thickness of ordinary gold 
leaf. 




J-TJ'VEIIN-ILE IZSrSTI^TJOTOI?., 



53 



P^^ 



IFL^T HE^^ID X1<T1DXJ^1>TS. 



THERE is no need to tell the readers of this journal that the 
figures in the i^ioture are Indians, for though that portion 
of the inhabitants of this country going by that name, are 
separated into many tribes, they are very much alike in their 
general appearance, and you have all seen them so often that 
you at once know they belong to that peculiar and strange race 
of people. 

The various Indian tribes bear a strong resemblance to each 
other, but their customs, in some respects, are diiferent. These 
tribes, as you all know, lead a wild and savage life, and know 
nothing whatever of the comforts and refinements of civilization. 
All savage races, whether the Indians of America, the natives 
of the isles of the Pacific Ocean, New Zealand or Australia, like 
to decorate themselves. You have often seen this taste in the 
Indians, in their love of beads, and brass and copper rings, the 




j.-.fr!-''f,^fe5 , 



latter worn sometimes in their ears, on their fingers, round their 
wrists and ancles, through their noses, etc. The name given to 
the Indians in the picture, namely Flatheads, has arisen from a 
peculiar custom practiced among them for the purpose, as they 
consider, of beautifying themselves. You have perhaps heard 
of the custom among the Chinese of binding up the feet of 
their female children to prevent them growing, that they may 
be kept very small. A short foot, no matter how thick and 
clubby it may be, is considered a mark of great beauty among 
the Chinese, and though their women are often nearly crippled 
through this absurd practice, it is still kept up. Well, the 
Flatheads flatten the foreheads of their infants, and the flatter 
the front and top of the head the more beautiful they consider the 
child. Different tribes have different ways of doiog this. In one 
of them it is customary for the baby to be placed in a wooden cra- 
dle when a pad of grass is tightly bandaged over its forehead 
and eyes, rendering it unable to see or to ujove. In other 



tribes a more cruel custom is practiced : flat boards are bound 
on the head of the babies, and kept there several months, the 
result being the complete flattening of the forehead. The face 
and top of the head are very often mis-shapen by artificial con- 
trivances, rendering the Flatheads, while young, more than 
commoDly ugly, even for Indians. 

The deformity thus caused in children, it is said, disappears 
in mature life, and no injurious eflFects result therefrom. 
Foolish as this practice among the Indians may seem, it is no 
more so, and not nearly so injurious, as that jiracticed by very 
many of the ladies in Christendom, namely the foolish but 
fashionable custom of tight lacing, by which their waists are 
made to taper somethhig like wasps. This habit on the 
part of civilized and enlightened persons is much less excusable 
than the head flattening process of the Indians; for while it is 
quite as foolish and unnatural, it results in injury to its votaries, 
which they never overcome, and which very often shortens 
their days. Thus you sec with all their enlightenment, the 
white race, in some respects, are more foolish than the untutored 
savages. 

The custom of flattening the head was formerly common 
among several of the so-called Indian nations; but is is now 
confined to a few tribes who live in the State of Oregon, and 
in Washington Territory. 



O H TJ E. O HI. 

{Continued.) 



T h: E 



AMONG the Saints there was a general feeling of respect 
and love and even reverence for the relatives of the mar- 
tyred Prophet, especially his aged mother. Her wants were 
looked after and supplied with great solicitude. For some 
time previous to the date of which we write she had felt 
opposed to removing with the Saints, and stated that she pre- 
ferred to remain where her husband and sons were buried. 
During the Conference, however, she felt extremely fervent on 
the subject of the removal, and expressed her willingness to go, 
and lier wish that her whole family might go and remain 
united with the Church. When she addressed the assembled 
multitude, and recounted the trials and persecutions she and 
her family had suffered at the hands of their enemies, those 
who heard her were forced to shed tears. Especially was this 
the case when she related the account of a scene in Missouri 
when her son, Joseph Smith the Prophet, was condemned to 
be shot in fifteen minutes. She by a great effort pressed her 
way through the crowd to where he was and gave him her 
hand, and asked to hear his voice once more, his face being 
hidden from her. He took her hand, kissed it and said, ''God 
bless you, my dear motherl" 

It caused a general feeling of rejoicing to learn that Mother 
Smith was willing and anxious to accompany the Saints in 
leaving the State, and they by vote expressed their willingness 
to bring her remains back to Nauvoo, whenever she should 
die, and deposit them with those of her family buried there, 
according to her wish. 

President Young informed the people that the Prophet had 
once said: "If I fill in battle in Missouri, I want you to bring 
my bones back and deposit them in that sepulchre— I command 
you to do it in the name of the Lord." The sepulchre spoken 
of was one the Prophet had prepared for that inu-pose on the 
Temple square, in Nauvoo. This expressed wish had not 
been complied with by the Saints, because his widow had 
opposed it. President Young further said: "We are deter- 
mined also to use every means in our power to do all that 
Joseph told us. And we will petition Sister Emma, in the 
name of Israel's God, to let us deposit the remains of Joseph 



'^s^i- 



■i^^&^i 



i^ 



f 



54r 



CTTJ^STEIsriLE IITST22/TJOTOI?/. 



And if she will not consent 



acccording as he commanded us. 
to it, our garments are clear." 

We may here remark that Emma Smith, the Prophet's 
■widow, never did consent to have this command of his carried 
out, though the Saints did all that they could reasonably to 
induce her to. 

While the people were assembled in Conference on the after- 
noon of the 7th of October, they were startled by receiving 
the intelligence that a body of armed men had just entered the 
city, and fearing that they might be a party of the mob, come 
to create a surprise and disturbance, the meeting was adjourned 
till the next day, and the people were ordered to be ready to 
act on the defensive. It was soon afterwards ascertained that 
the party who had arrived were under command of Major 
Warren, and had ccme, as they said, to search the city for 
stolen property — though it was strongly suspected, and with 
good reason too, that such was not the real object of their visit. 
The alarm soon subsided, and those who had by this time 
sallied out with their fire arms to defend themselves, returned 
peaceably to their homes. After searching about town a short 
time the jiarty left, and a letter was shortly afterwards sent to 
Major Warren by the council of authorities in Nauvoo, explain- 
ing the slight excitement noticeable on their arrival in the city, 
as being due to the surprise they had given the citizens, and 
requesting him to give notice by letter or otherwise when he 
wished to make another such visit. In conclusion they added: 

"In regard to searching for stolen property in Nauvoo, we 
have not the least objection to it, providing it be done in a 
legal manner, and we pledge ourselves to aid any legiU officer 
in a lawful search any time; but we are opposed to men coming 
into our houses and taking away our individual property, which 
we have bought and paid for honestly, without either describ- 
ing the property professed to be stolen or presenting lawful 
process; all which we consider to be unconstitutional and op- 
pressive, and calculated to put us to much unnecessary trouble 
and expense, as well as to defeat us in our eflForts to move away 
next Spring." 

After the Conference adjourned. President Young addressed 
a circular to the Saints scattered throughout the United States, 
c;illing upon them to gather up and assist in completing the 
Temple in Nauvoo, and receive their endowments there, a 
privilege for wliich the faithful Saints had so long and fervently 
l)rayed. He called upon them to dispose of their property not 
suitable to remove, and supiily themselves with teams and such 
other property as they would need in commencing their long 
journey in the Spring. 

The Saints were not wholly unprepared for the opposition 
and persecution they had to meet, for it was only in fulfillment 
of the words of the Prophet. Joseph Smith had predicted that 
their persecutions should continue, and they should be forced to 
remove to the west. Ho that their enemies by persecuting 
them and compelling their removal, though it was not at all 
creditable to them, were literally fulfilling the words of the 
Prophet. 

Affairs in the county now remained in a very unsettled con- 
dition. It was expected that Sheriff Backenstos would be 
tried at Quincy for the killing of the desperado Worrell, or 
rather for ordering him killed. The willingness of the Sheriff 
to submit to trial was evinced in a letter he wrote to Nauvoo, 
in which he stated ironiadly: "I expect to go to (Quincy for the 
purpose of paying my respects to Judge Purple and having a 
great man discharge me from the awful crime of killing one of 
our best citizens (!) to wit, Lieut. Worrell. What an unpleas- 
ant loss to this great republic 1 Had he lived, might he not 
have excelled even L. W. lioggs, of Missouri?" He after- 
wards went to Quincy and underwent his examination, when 
he was bound over for trial at the next session of court. 

Ihiring all this time the organizing of companies was pro- 
gressing, and preparations were being made by the Saints for 



bravely facing the hardships they would have to encounter on 
their journey. The food they were counseled to take with them 
did not consist of any great luxuries, but on the contrary, plain, 
strong food, calculated to sustain life and keep up their strength 
on their journey. 

The feeling in Nauvoo at this time was not one of safety 
by any means, so far as the power and disposition of the 
enemy was considered, for it was currently reported that Gen- 
eral Hardin had pledged himself to the mob to go to Nauvoo 
with his troops and arrest several of the citizens there, or "un- 
roof every house in Nauvoo" in trying it. Also that three 
hundred men from Quincy had volunteered to help him, and 
they expected to be joined on the road by others. 

On the 21st of October Judge Purple held court in Carthage, 
and displayed so much prejudice against the Saints and favor 
for the mobbers, that Sheriff Backenstos expressed himself in 
speaking of his doings as bebg thoroughly disgusted with such 
"jucicial humbugs." One case brought up for trial was that 
of two brethren, Jesse P. Harmon and John Lyttle, charged 
with being engaged in destroying the press and fixtures of the 
ExjMsitor, the contemptible libelous paper formerly published 
in Nauvoo. 

A man named KoUison was the principal witness against 
them. He professed to know all about the proceedings of abat- 
ing the nuisance and described the manner in which it was 
done. When asked whether it was Appleton M. Harmon or 
Jesse P. Harmon who was guilty, he replied that it was the 
policeman, and on bebg informed that they were both police- 
men, he became confused and said he could not tell which it 
was. He was then asked which of the brothers Lyttle — John 
or Andrew — was the guilty one. He repUed again, it was the 
policeman, and on being informed that they were both police- 
men, he said it was the blacksmith. It happened that they 
were both blacksmiths, so that he could not fix the crime upon 
either of them, and the jury acquitted them. This was in 
accordance with the prediction of the Prophet Joseph Smith, 
who said, when it was reported to him that the policemen had 
abated the nuisance, that not one of them should be harmed for 
what they had done in the matter. 

(To he continued.) 



a?"E3:E 



Q,\JEST. 



OOiT- 



1T is now nearly eight hundred and six years since William, 
Duke of Normandy, landed on the English coast, overthrew 
the Saxon forces under King Harold, and made himself master 
of the realm. As this invasion of England and its subjection 
by a host of foreign mercenaries led by a foreign adventurer 
ranks among the great events in English history, some account 
of it and of the events which preceded and led to it will be 
interesting to the readers of the Juvenile Instructoh. 
Most of you no doubt remember, that when the great Roman 
general, Julius Ceasar, invaded Britain, fifty-five years before 
the commencement of the Christian era, that is fifty-five years 
before Jesus Christ was born, he found the land inhabited by a 
fierce and warlike people called Celts, who were very little more 
advanced in civilization than the American Indians are to-day. 
These ancient Britons gave the Romans a good deal oi trouble 
before they established themselves in the land; but the 
Romans were then in the hight of their power and civilization; 
and, as has often been seen in the wars between the white and 
savage races in this country, the savage, however fiercely he 
may fight, is no match for his civilized foe. So it was with the 
anciei.t Britons and the Romans, the former, or that portion of 
them living in what is now called England, were finally sub- 
dued and the Romans ruled the island as long as they felt 



r?i3^- 



^1^^ 



w^ 



GTTJ^EinsriLE IlsTSTI^/TJOTOK/. 



'f^g§l 



55 



disposed to do so, and conferred great benefits upon the Britons, 
by spreading amongst them a love of learning and the arts and 
refinements of civilized life. 

The Komans resigned the government of England about the 
middle of the fifth century; and very soon afterwards the Scots, 
then a fierce and barbarous race, began to harass the English, 
and whipped them so badly that they had to ask the Saxons, 
then living on the shores of the Baltic, to come and help them 
to fight the Scots. The Saxons came and they and the Roman- 
ized inhabitants of Britain soon drove the Scots to their own part 
of the island; but this was not the only result of the arrival of the 
Saxons, for they liked the country so well that they resolved to 
stay there, and they commenced fighting the English, and soon 
established themselves; and as a great many more of their 
countrymen soon came over to England, in the course of two 
hundred years the whole of that country was divided into 
several small kingdoms ruled by Saxon kings, and called the 
Saxon Heptarchy. 

The Danes soon after make their appearance, and they in 
turn harass the Saxons, and succeed at length in dislodging 
them and gaining possession and establishing their rule over 
a portion of England. These contests continued with more 
or less success on either side until the year 1016, when Canute, 
son of King Sweyn of Denmark, was proclaimed king of all 
England. 

This king is noted in history for his wisdom and justice, and 
he had a long and prosperous reign. It is related of him that, 
on one occasion, after his courtiers had been trying to flatter 
him by telling him that he was king and lord of the universe, 
and almost equal to the Creator, he had his throne placed 
on the sea shore and, while surrounded by those who 
had attempted to flatter him, he commanded the waves to 
retire; but his command being unheeded, he administered a 
severe reproof to those with him. 

On the death of Canute he was succeeded by his son, who, in 
turn, was succeeded by his son, the latter reigning only two and 
a half years, when he died, without an heir, of drunkenness 
and gluttony. This brings us to the year 1044. 

The Saxons, glad to be rid of a foreign ruler, took advantage 
of the opportunity to reinstate one of their own race on the 
throne. The rightful Saxon heirs, the sons of Edmund Iron- 
sides, were living in Hungary, whither they had been sent for 
safety on the accession of Canute ; but Edward, the Con- 
fessor, son of Ethelred, a former Saxon king, was living in 
Normandy, at the court of his uncle, where he had been 
educated, he also having been banished on the accession of the 
Danes. Having been educated and brought up in Normandy, 
Edward, although English by birth, was more Norman than 
English in feeling and affection, and besides this, he is said to 
have been a superstitious and feeble-minded man. The feeling 
among the English, or Saxons, against the Normans, however, 
ran very high, and although, on the death of Hardicanute, the 
last Danish king, Godwin, the powerful Saxon earl, was among 
those most in favor of Edward, the latter was compelled to 
promise, before ascending the throne, that he would bring but 
few Normans in his train. As if to bind him still more firmly 
to the Saxon cause Godwin gave Edward his daughter for a 
wife. But notwithstanding these measures Edward, as soon 
as he became king, manifested his partiality lor the Normans, 
by appointing them to many places of distinction and trust in 
the realm. 

Some years afterwards, William, Duke of Normandy, came 
to visit his cousin Edward, the English king, and during that 
visit, Edward, having no children to succeed him on the throne, 
appointed the Norman duke his successor. On his death bed, 
however, he appointed another successor, one of the most 
popular and powerful men in the realm, namely Harold, son of 
Earl Godwin. Immediately on Edward's death, Harold 
assumed the position of King of England, But William of 



Normandy, having, as has been already stated, also been 
declared heir to the English throne, determined to contest 
Harold's right; and for this purpose he, by promises of great 
reward, soon enlisted a very large army of daring and reckless 
men, from most of the countries of Europe, and set sail for 
England. Harold, being a thorough Englishman both by 
birth and sentiment, had the entire nation with him, and all its 
fighting men ready to support him against the foreigner. 

It has very often happened in momentous periods of the 
history of nations, that great events have been decided by mat- 
ters of seemingly small import. It was so at this junction of 
the history of the Anglo Saxons. King Harold had a brother, 
who, for some very grave crime, had been banished from the 
kingdom ; he had fled to Denmark, and, in revenge for what he 
considered the 01-treatment he had received at home, he collected 
a large host of the bold Northmen who, under his command 
set out to regain, if possible, the footing their countrymen had 
formerly held in England. They landed on the coast of York- 
shire ; and as soon as Harold heard of this fresh invasion, he 
and his forces, both by sea and land, wont to give them battle. 
The two armies met, in the early part of the month of October, 
1066, and Harold was victorious, completely routing the 
invaders. 

He had now to turn his attention to the forces under Duke 
William. They landed on the coast of Sussex about the 12th 
or 13th of October. Harold and his men were three or four 
hundred miles away — in Yorkshire — at the beginning of the 
month, and, in those days that was quite a journey, for that 
was nearly eight hundred years before railways were invented ; 
and besides, in those early days, the roads of the country were 
very much poorer than they are now, and a journey of that length 
was a tedious affair for an army. However they came in sight 
of their foes on the evening of the 13th of the month, very 
tired and worn out with their travel. But as they bitterly hated 
the Normans, they were eager to commence the fight. King 
Harold was quite as willing as his men, and the night was 
spent in merriment and song, and in making preparations for 
the fight on the morrow. The Norman hosts spent the night 
before the battle in silence, save that solemn prayers were 
offered by the priests who accompanied them. On the morning 
of the 14th, Duke William received the sacrament, and then, 
one of the most inportant fights in early Anglo-Saxon history, 
began. In those days there were no cannon, rifles, and gun- 
powder as now, the weapons of war being bows and arrows, 
battle axes, spears, and swords. The Norman hosts opened the 
fight by sending a shower of arrows into the English lines, the 
Englishmen, in return, pitching in with their heavy battle axes. 
The fight raged for many hours with great fury, each side 
occasionally gaining and losing ground. At one time the horse 
of the Norman chief was killed, and then it seemed as if fate 
was about to decide against him, for his men began to fly ; but 
he quickly mounted another steed and rallied them. The fight 
was finally decided against the English in the following manner; 
the Normans pretended to give way, and as soon as they com- 
menced to retreat the English spearmen rushed upon them in 
overwhelming numbers ; but when the invaders had reached a 
certain point, a portion of the Norman forces, which had been 
kept in reserve, charged upon, surrounded, and slaughtered 
most of the English, compelling the remainder to retreat. 
Harold seeing the desperate fix his forces were in, did his best 
to stem the tide of defeat now threatening him, but he_was shot 
dead, an arrow entering his head just above the eye, and pierc- 
ing his brain. This completed the defeat of the Saxons, and 
made William the Conqueror master of England. 

Then commenced a time of sorrow for the whole Saxon popula- 
tion. They were treated like slaves, and sujected to almost every 
species of cruelty by their Norman masters. Almost the entire 
country was parcelled out in gifts, by the king, as rewards to 
his followers, and for two or three centuries the hatred between 



an 




**• Be 



■•^ 



TTJ^EIsriLE I:LTSTIS;TJ0T0I2/ 



the Normans and native English -vrtis intense. Time, however 
softened this bitterness, and in course of years the conquering 
race began to feel that they, too, were Englishmen, and an 
amalgamation took place between the two races, and now for 
many centuries, the distinctions of Saxon and Norman have 
been forgotten in the land; and from the fusion of people 
which grew out of the Norman Conquest, has sprung the great 
Anglo-Saxon people, which is now and long has been acknow- 
ledged to be the dominant race of the world. 



[For the Juvoiilc l7isfriiclor- 






mriDi^oo^i^BoiT. isro.-i. 



IIESE substances are very numerous and important they 
are orr/(nuc compounds and are composed of the two 



T 

elements (U. II.) carbon and hydrogen, in variable proportions. 
Sometimes oxygen enters into combination with them they 
then receive the name of oxy-hydrocarbons. They may exist 
in a gaseous, fluid or solid state ; carburetted hydrogen is an 
inflammable gas ; camphine and turpentine are Jiuids of veget- 
able origin ; asphaltum, petroleum and naptha arc mineral pro- 
ducts of organic origin; even coal itself, in its essential ultimate 
constituents is hydro-carbon. Among solids^ caoutchouc (india- 
rubber) and gutta-percha may be named as most important 
forms of these elements. One of the most u.seful fluid forms of 
hydrogen and carbon, both as a source of heat in the laboratory 
and as a solvent fur pharmaceutical purposes is alcohol a spirit 
that is capable of being nimised more than any of the hydro- 
carbons. 

As it will give some insight into the nature of these bodies 
and also the nature of organic chemistry, it may be well to 
devote attention to alcohol, its origin and uses, and especially its 
chemical action upon the human system. 

Alcohol is iividn ; it is an artificial product of fermentation, 
a process that belongs to one of the three stages of decay. 
These difFerent stages are named respectively the vinous 
acetous and putrefactive fermentation. Sugar, and all substances 
that can be chemically changed into sugar are liable to this 
change. The presence of a "ferment" is necessary to bring 
this about ; other conditions are the requisite fluidity to allow 
the particles to move freely among themselves, and a suitable 
temperature. Sugar is formed of C. H. O. (carbon, hydrogen 
and oxygon) the two last elements in thi' proportion that firms 
wafer; whether the H. O. exist in sugar an water no one can 
say. There is a limit to the knowledge of man in the investi- 
gation of the conditions of matter and the causes of the arrange- 
ment of the elements into groups, even in bodies of the most 
simple nature. Able cheiList.s agree that "in the present stafe 
of science, the molecular con.stitution of bodies and the nrndi' of 
arrangement of their elements, arc problems yet unsolved, even 
with respect to the most simple organic substances." 

But although we cannot be sure of our conclusions of the 
manner in which changes in bodies are brought about, nor of 
their exact moleailar construction, we may know witii certainty 
the re.suits. We may know some things by experience, as that 
oxygen has much to do with the dinnc/es of organic matter, and 
also that nitrogen is necessary in producing fermentation. By 
fermentation is meant that change that organic Kuhstancos 
undergo when they are broken up by the action of a ferment 
and re-arrangod into new compounds. First of all we will 
allude to the "vinous" fermentation, in which sugar is changed 
into alcohol (spirit) and carbonic acid (gas). The nature ol'the 
changes undorgone in fermentation may bo seen by the forn]ul.<' 



of sugar, alcohol and carbonic acid. Sugar is 6 atoms of carbon, 
12 of hydrogen and 6 of oxygen; alcohol is 4 atoms of carbon," 
6 of hydrogen and 1 of oxygen ; carbonic acid is 1 atom of 
carbon to 2 atoms of oxygen. If we write these quantities in 
the form of an equation, which we cannot do correctly with- 
out a suitable character, we shall perceive that an atom of 
sugar is re-arranged, after being broken up by fermentation, into 
2 atoms of alcohol and 2 of carbonic acid : 6 C ; 12 H • 6 
equals 2 (2 C ; 6 H; 0) and 2 (C 2 0). 

Alcohol, children, is the spirit of wine, beer, ale, or other 
intoxicating beverage, in a state of concentration. Brandy, 
whisky and other spiritous liquors are one half alcohol, or some 
substitute for that spirit. Three years ago it would have been 
superfluous to have treated ujjon this spirit as an intoxicating 
principle, so little was it known to our youth. It is otherwise 
now, especially in our cities, and it may be well to explain the 
chemical nature of this organic product that is so strangely 
infatuating to those who indidgc in its use, and especially to 
show the chemistry of its action upon human beings. 

Alcohol is a volatile organic fluid, its qualities are acrid, 
narcotic and poisonous, it evaporates at ordinary temperatures 
at the heat of the human stomach it changes almost instantly 
into vapor. In this state it is diffused throughout the system 
and is therefore incapable of digestion and assimilation as food. 
In contact with the gastric juice it produces decomposition, it 
hardens the substance of animal food that is present and 
inflames the coats of the stomach. 

Beth. 



S$l$cl0& J^o^luft, 



j^ i^oir^L i?.^aE. 



Among tbe fine old kings that reign 
L'poii a einiplc ^vooden tbroue, 

There's one witli but .a emnll dom.iiii, 
iJut, mark you, it is all Ills o>vu. 

And though upon his rustic towers 
No ancient standard ■waves its wing, 

Thirk, leafy banners (luslied with flowers, 
From all the fragrant caecmcuts swing. 

And here, in royal homespun, how 

His nut-brown court at ni'^ht and morn, 
The bronzed liold-niarslml of tbe plow, 
The clmncelor of wheat and ooru; 

Tlie keeper of tlie coldcn stacks, 
The mistress of the milking pail, 

Tlip bold kniglits of the ringing ax. 
The licralds of the sounding flail ; 

Till- ladies of the new mown hay, 
The niaslor of the spade and hoc, 

Tbe minstrels of the glorious la.v. 
That all the sons of freedom icuow. 

And thus, while on the seasons roll, 
lie wine from the inspiring sod 

The brawny arm and nolile soul 
That serve his country and Ills God. 



Is publi.sbed in Salt Lako City, Utah Territory, 
EVKRY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHED. 

Sitij/lc Vopy, per Annrtm ....?2 50 

♦»- Grain brouL'ht to this City for the Juvknile Instructoj! will h 
1 iccivcd at the olHce of our paper— Dksebet News Buildings. 



iti^ 



