
VOL. XVI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUAKY 1, ISSl. 



NO. 3. 



ENTRANCE-GATE OF AN EAST INDIAN CITY. 




TTOW strangely picturesque and thrilling is the sight of the 
-*--»- ancient entrance-gates of the large cities of Hindostan, 
with their massive towers, ponderous gates and the magnificent 
buildings which are crowd- 
ed together on both sides. 

When an oriental caval- 
cade is seen to enter or 
emerge from such a place, 
the effect is very grand 
and imposing. The prin- 
cipal personage may be seen 
riding in his hoirrhih, 
a large low-sided basket, 
furnished with soft cush- 
ions, and fastened with 
huge leathern bands to the 
back of an elephant, gor- 
geously bedizened with 
gold cloth and all thi^ 
colors of the rainbow, and 
screened from the sun's 
rays by a splendid canopy. 
The driver, seated upon 
the animal's neck, generally 
guides him by patting him 
behind the ears with hi- 
feet, butheisalso furnished 
with an iron rod, thick at 
one end and hooked at the 
other, to use in guiding or 
chastizing the elephant 
when necessary. 

Then follow in succe.-sion 
numerous mounted attend- 
ants, all gaily caprisoned, 
and armed with lanca an 1 
sword, mounted upon ele- 
phants, drome laries ami 
horses, frequently to the 
number of hun lr.;ds. 

Tiic first time I siw siiiih a s;)jc;aj.o, w.i. ,iil u.n;.\|Ko;c.Jiy, 
and it far exceeded tiiy idea of oriental display. The tceiie 
will never be erased I'roiii my ma u jry. 




The amount of baggage accompanying such a cavalcade, 
very much depends upou the distance to be traveled, and the 
rank of the leading spirits, there being sometimes hundreds 

of baggage wagons, and 

thousands of servants and 
camp-followers, with their 
supplies, tents, etc. 

When the native ladies 
accompany them, they are 
enclosed in splendid palan- 
quins, borne upon the 
shoulders of four bearers; 
or in a beautifully orna- 
mented wagon, drawn by 
tall white oxen, having 
little (inkling bells fastened 
to the harness. 

In such an outfit as this, 
there is the utmost; order 
preserved; every individual 
in the company having 
only one single duty to 
perform, which presents a 
picture and offers an ex- 
ample worthy of imitation 
by many who make higher 
pretentions to civilization 
and refinement. 

It matters not whore wo 
travel, there is always to 
be found in the usages and 
arrangements of the people 
of different nations some- 
thing that is worthy the 
adoption of (ho wisest and 

IlL'-t. 

lie is wise who cm di-- 

ci iniinito between the goo 1 

and the evil that he seoi 

i I the world, accepting 

aiid profit u^ by the good, and rejoctinL", but at the same 

(imy dr.i.vi.ig a moral from the evil. It is folly tj let preju lice 

jireve.-it us li-om learning such lessons. W. 




I 



;^ 



S6 



J"TJ"VEn^II-.E in^STI^TJOTOK.. 




THE LANDS OF THE 
NEPHITES. 



LAND OF ZARAHEMLA. 



w 




BY G. R. 

( Concluded. ) 
IXON is iiicntioneJ fcut once in the "Book of MortnoD. Its 
ill location is then directly stated. It is sjioken of" as ' 'the land 
of Jlinon, ahove the land of Zarahcmla, in the course of the 
land of Nephi" (JJiiki ii. 24). Elder Or^n Pratt, in a note 
to this chapter, places Minon at "about two days' journey 
south of the city Ziraherala." This is the obvious conclusion 
to be drawn from the details contained in the chapter; from 
the.-c details and the above quotation, we also judge it to have 
been on the western banks of the Sidon. and in the direct 
road between Nephi and Zarahetula. At this date (B. C. 01) 
it was inhabited by an airieultural population, who, at the 
approach of the L imanites fled before them into the capital 
city. 

As the course of the iJivor .Sidon was from .south to north, 
it is but reasonable to conclude that when the words '"above" 
and "below" are u«ed, when reference is made to places on its 
banks or in its neij;hborhood, that above means south and 
below, north. This is a very common mode of expression in 
such cases. 

Mki.kk. — The boundaries of this land are very indistinctly 
stated by the inspired writer of the Book of Alma, for it is in 
that book alone that it is mentioned. However, two things 
are positively statel (chapter riii], nimsly, that it was west of 
the River Sidon, and that it extended westward as far as the 
narrow strip of wilderness which ran north an 1 south between 
the mountains and the Pacific Ocean. W'c imagine that its 
eastern borders touched the land of Zirahcinla and fjom 
thence it stretched out as far as the country proved habitable, 
as it appears to have had a large jiopulation, judging from the 
account given of Alma's mini.-trations (B. C. .S2). That it 
cmbia vd a large district of country is proven by the fact that 
when Alma had finished his labors in the city of Mohk, he 
"traveled three days' journey on the north of the land of 
Melek" before he came to the city of Amnionihah (Mmn n'ii. 
(>). In later years, when it was considered unsafe for the 
Ammonites to remain longer in Jer'^hon they were removed to 
Melek. the proximity of which to Zarahcnila, as well as its 
remoteness from the lands of the r/inianites, icndercd it ad- 
mirably adai toil as a place of safety for that persecuted people. 

A.MMnNiriAn— When .Mma Jiad made the three days' 
journey spoken of above, he reached Ammonihah, the country 
around wliich city was called by the .same name. i'Vom the 
text of the pas-iazc .some conclude that .Mma travele<l north- 
ward from Melck. but to us it conveys the idea that the 
prciphet journeyed three days westward along the northern 
boundary of that 1-ind. We are confirmed in this oiiininn by 
ihc statement made in another place regarding .\ramonihah's 
proximity to that portion of the wilderness which ran along 
the .sea shore i Mm-i .r.ril 27). In Alma (xvi. 2). it is stated: 
"The armies of the Limanites had come in upon the wilder- 
ne.-s -iide, into the bordiT< of the Innd. even into the city of 
Ammonihah." If .Vmnionibah had been situated three days' 
journey north of .Alelek, we suggest that it could not have 
been near that portion of the wilderness which the Lamanites 
so easily reached without discovery; for a march due north 
would have taken them c'osc to, or actually through the lands 



of Minon, Noah, Melek and Zirahemla, the most thickly 
populated portions of the country, or to have avoided these, 
they must have taken a circuitous route of immense length 
and great danger. Then when they attempted to retire, their 
retreat, owing to their great distance from Nephi, would have 
most assuredly been cut off, as was the case with the Laman- 
ite general Coriantumr under these conditions. 

No.\ii. — Of this land we simply know two things: First, 
that it was west of the Sidon ; second, that it was not fiir dis- 
tant from Ammonihah and !Mclek. 

SinoM is only moritloned in the ]")th chapter of Alma. 
When the persecuted members of the true church were driven 
out of Ammonihah by its vicious citizens, they iled to Sidom. 
It is not supposable that these persecuted people were in a 
condition to travel far. They would necessarily gather to the 
fir^t available ])lacc of refuge. It is, therefore, reasonable to 
conclude that Sidom was not far distant from Ammonihah. 

A.\RiiN. — When Alma was firtt cast out of Ammonihah 
he turned bis face towards a city called Aaron [Alimt liii. ]:!). 
It is natural to suppose that Aaron was not far distant from 
Ammonihah, at any rate, not on the oihtr side of the conti- 
nent. Yet the only other time when a city called Aaron is 
referred to, it is spoken of as adjoining the land of Moroni, 
which was the frontier dittriet in the extreme south-east of the 
lands possessed by the Nephites. Our only way out of this 
diflficuity is to suggest that there were two cities called Aaron ; 
not at all an unlikely thing, when we reflect how important a 
personage Aaron, the son of Mosiah, was among his people. 
AVhen chosen to be king he declined this great honor and the 
republic was established. It requires no stretch of the 
imagination to believe that a frc-e and grateful people would 
name more than one city in honor of this self-denying prince. 
When we consider how many places there are in these United 
States called Washington, Eincoln, etc., our only wonder is 
that we ilo not find more than two cities called Aaron. 

This same diflicully exists with regard to Nkimiiiiaii. AVe 
fancy there were also two cities of this name; one situated on 
the .southern frontier some distance east of Manti and the 
Sidon (AhiKi hi. 2.5), the other, on the Atlantic sea-board 
north of Moroni (Alma I 14). Of this latter city it is writ- 
ten, that in the year B. C. 72, the Nephites "began a 
foundation for a city between the city of !Moroni and 
the city ol' Aaron, joining the city of Aaron and Moroni; anil 
they called the name of the city or the land, Nephihah." 
This is the region again referred to in chapters f)!, .0'.) and 02 
of the Book of Alma. Elder Orson Pratt, in a foot note to 
chapter 'iii, draws attention to the fact that the Nei>hihah 
there mentioned is nut the one sjioken of in the other chap- 
ters. 

TllK A'll.ANTlr SK.\-liiiAlil).— It appears, though it is not 
altogether certain, that the lands and cities of the Nephites 
on the Atlantic sca-bnard were situated in the following order, 
commencing Jt the north : Miilek. (miI, Oniner. Morcanton, 
Lehi, Aaron. Nephihah and .Moroni (Ah)fi Ii. 2('i). 

.MuHo.M was si(u:itcd by the sea-.slioro, on the borders of the 
great wilderness, being the farthest, from the city of Z ira- 
henda of all the settlements of the Nephites in the south-east. 
Ol', to use the language of (he inspired historian, "It was by 
the ea-t sea; and it was on the south by the line of the pos- 
tessions of the li-imaniles" (.l/»i'/ 7. I'!). As the wiblerni'ss 
ran in a straight lino from east to west, and the Sidon arose 
near its northern border, on which border Moroni was also 
silualed. if the convulsions of the lime of the crucifixion of 
our Lord did not so alter the face of the country a.s to change 





J'TJ'V^EIsril-.E II<TSTI^TJOTOI^. 





the locality where this river took its rise, then Moroni was ia 
the country now called Guiana, or in the extreme north of 
Brazil, The city Moroni now lies covered by the waters of 
the Atlantic [III Ncphi viii. 9). In Guiana there is a river 
still called Moroni, or, as it i's generally printed on the maps, 
Maroni or Marony. There is also a river IMorona in 
Ecuador. 

Leiii. — The land of Lehi on the Atlantic cDast niu^t not be 
confounded with the whole of South America, also called the 
land of Lehi by the Nephitcs. This lesser land of Lehi was 
the district surrounding the city of Lehi, and immediately 
adjoining the land of ^loreanton, whose people indeed claimed, 
though UDJustly, a portion of its territory. 

MlT^EK was the most norths rn of the settlements of the 
Nephites south of the land Bountiful, c!o5e to the borders of 
which it was built. Itispotitively stated to have been located on 
the east sea [Ahna It. 26) ; west of it was a wilderness, or 
uninhabited region [Ahna lii 22). 

Bountiful. — We believe that there is an idea held by some 
that the city Bountiful was situated on the Pacific shore. 
This opinion, we think is not warranted by the statement in 
the Book of Mormon. 3Iulek, as we have already shown, 
was on the Atlantic, or east sea; Bountiful was northward of 
Mulek. When Teancum retreated before the hosts of the 
Lamanites, who poured out of the city of Mulek to capture 
his small force, "he began to retreat down by tlic sea shore. 
nortlncunV (Alma lii. 23). This course brought him to 
Bountiful. From the details contained in this chapter we are 
forced to the conclusion that he and his soldiery reached that 
city on the same day that they started from outside Mulek. 
Now, without the configuration of the coast line has been 
entirely and completely changed, no march of one day, or 
indeed of any length of time along "the sea shore northward'' 
would bring a person to the Pacific Ocean. Our only conclu- 
sion can be that Bountiful was situated on the sea-shore on the 
eastern side of the Isthmus, if on the Isthmus at all. Other 
passages than the one above quoted show that ^NTulek and 
Bountiful lay in close proximity. 

Wo fancy the reason why some suppose that the city Boun- 
tiful lay on the west coast, is because Hagoth built his ship 
yards there. But the record does not say he built them in or 
near the city Bountiful. What is stated is that Hagoth "went 
forth and built him an exceeding hirge ship, on the borders of 
the land Bountiful, by the land Desolation, and launched it 
forth into the west sea, by the narrow neck of land which led 
into the wilderness northward" [Ahna liii. .5). This narrow 
neck of land was the dividing line between the land Desolation 
to the north, and the land Bountiful to the south. W^e think 
it is evident, from the above, that the city Bountiful and 
Hagoth's settlement lay at entirely oppo.'jite extremes of this 
land, the first, in the south-cast near Mulek, the second, in 
the north-west near Deso'ation. 

Before the land Bountiful was settled by the Nephites, it 
was a wilderness "filled with all manner of wild animals of 
evci-ykind; a part of which had come from the land north- 
ward for food'' [Aliiiii .r.rii. 31). But the Nephitcs, to pre- 
vent the Lamanites creeping up through the wilderness along 
the coasts, east and west, and thus gaining a foothold in the 
land northward, at as early a (fate as possible "ichabitfd the 
land Bountiful, even from the east to the wc-t sea" (.Muik 
xcii. 33). 

The city called Bouni'ful is not mentioned until B. C. M 
{.■\hnii. Hi), though the land of that name is frequently referred 
to at earlier dates. 



The Soi"rn-WEsr Border.— All we know of the cities and 
lands in the south-west is contained in Helaman's report to 
]\Ioroni of the military operations in that department (Ah)i(i, 
hi.-Iriii). Four cities are mentioned west of Manti: Judea, 
Antiparah, Zsezrom and Cumeni. Of these, Antiparah 
appears to have been situated nearer the coast than Judea, 
while there was yet another city still nearer the ocean, and 
apparently to the north of Antiparah. But we can simply 
guess at their relative po.sitions, no positive information 
being given us. 



-co.>— .^s*-* 



A OIALOGrUE. 

Joliii Howard, and George Mori/an me t on their 
ivny to School. 



BY ^^. .1. T. 



John. — Good morning, George. Where are you going? 

George, — To school, of course. Aren't you? 

J.- -No, indeed, I'm not! I'm going to have some fun. 

G. — Yes, your father will give you fun, when he finds out 
you have been playing truant. 

J. — Oh, father is an old muff! He would keep a boy cooped 
up in school from morning till night, all the week, and then 
send him to Primaries and Sunday school, and never give him 
any time to play. But I am getting tired of those stupid books ; 
I never could see any good in them any way. I'm going to 
have some fun, and father will never be the wiser if people 
will mind their own business. 

G. — I should think you would be ashamed to treat your 
father in that way. It was only last week you were out all day, 
and I don't know how many half days you have been out. 

J. — Well, you know that stupid teacher his a spite against 
me, and always gives me hard lessons, or keeps me in after 
school, or some such foolery ; and I'm not going to stand it 
mirch longer. I wont go to such a school where the teachers 
all show partiality. 

(!. — You know very well, John, the teachers do not mean to 
show partiality ; but when boys are all the while doing some- 
thing to aggravate them, how can they help scolding? 

J. — Oh, you're such a saint, the teachers never find any 
fault with you. They have not kept you in after hours once 
this term. But Tom Jenks is monitor of our class, and he is 
always telling some confbunded yarn about me, or giving me 
points of order, and it isn't fair. I'll serve him out some 
day if he don't mind his p's and q's. 

G. — I tell you what it is, John, you do not take an interest 
in school, or j'ou would'nt always be in such scrapes. 
You know you did not have a single lesson yesterday that 
did you any credit. You missed in your geography, and 
did'nt say half your grammar; and if you had not copied from 
Jim Daniels' slate you could not have spelled at all. How 
can the teachers help punishing you, if they undertake to 
make you learn? And j'ou know your parents pay them to 
teach you, and hold them responsible for your progress. 

J. — I would have bad my lessons, fori studied hard enough; 
but I was out the afternoon before, and I did not know which 
they were until it was too late to get them. 

G — If you had come to me in the evening 1 would have 
shown you the lessons. 

J. — I would have come, but I went down to Tom Rogers, to 
have a smoke, and, as wo were out of tobacco, we had — to — go 
out — aud — get — some. '■ 



"To be ,-^;).>kc:i in a hailing iniiuiicr, wliirli arouses (_ieoigf'.s siisiiiciui 





a"TJ^Ei3sriLE ij^-sti^.tjotc:e^. 



^Iiij Jfuuenil^ |(nstrticion 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR. 



salt lake city, february 1, issl. 

-ejdtto:rtj^il, thiotjcb-iits. 




Q ^^/''^ 't I'ha-^0 of cliniactcr that 

C^V^Tt^^'Cvr 'ipprobatioii acd admiration of 
I ^^ » ^ j wrll-dispo.'cd, pure-minded pcoj 





HE JuVEMl.F. IxsTRlTToi; is, nrics?ai ilv, 
a chatind ilmxiali which jiood, sound 
advice may Lc imiiartod. as circumstances 
suggest, to the young and rising genera- 
tion of this community. Its aim and 
ohject is and alway.s has been, in a won!, 
to make good lojs and good girls better; 
to encourage the develoiimcnt of every 
will merit the 
all respectable, 
people; and to de- 
nounce everything that tends to evil, whetlier 
in thought, word or deed. 

A great deal lias been .«aitl and not a little 
has been written on the subject of behavior, yet, in 
our opinion, too much cannot either be spoken or 
written, on such a theme. A well-behaved boy or 
girl is always a subject of admiration; while the 
opposite — a rude, uncultivated unmannerly boy or girl — merits 
the disgust and denunciation of all sober-mindeil, refined men 
and women. 

This beicg the case, no young penon ought to have much 
difficulty in deciding wlilch side he will be on — whether he 
will cultivate deportment and decorum and thus gain the love 
and good- will of all; or neglect the development of this trait 
of character and merit the 'corn of all. 

We wore pleased to hear this subjtct touched upon at the 
conference of the Vouni M'/n's Mutuil Improvement Associ- 
ations, held in tho Assembly Hall, on Sunday morning, the IGth 
ult. 

Prof. T. I?. Ljwis, while endorsing the recommendations of 
the Stake Su|icrintcndent in regard to Mi''jecfs that ought to 
be taught in every association — notably the subjects of tithing, 
'"Word of Wisflom " and marriage — tbraight there were many 
other matters that might be treated upon with good results. 
He wa."* of the opinion ihat our as.sociations could aecomjilish 
a great work in teaching our young people to cTiltivate deport- 
ment and dccotum in cvoiy phase of life. While it was good 
to attain knowledge, while we were teacliiiig our .sons and 
dauehtcrs the '"Word of Wi.sdom," and a proper .'ystem of 
marriage, wc should be ."-urc and fce that they grow up 
to be ladies and gentlemen, and not "hocdlums." lie thought 
one of the weak poinl.M with us as a community was our 
inability to put into jiraotical operaliun tlie truths wc had 
received. He did not think tlicre was an association in 
lliis Stake but wint taueht good, sound principles: he did 
not think there was a .'ingle association whose intliicnce in that 
direction was let king; Viit vet, for all that, wc (ailed ti draw 
a line cf d( niaikttif n ltivi((n tie wiirg n : n tlatdeifjfs 
himi-cif as a gentleman, and the young man that doc< not; or 
(lie younir lady til It deport" herself a-i a laly. and the young 
lady that fa' Is to do so. 

Wc con-idcr these remarks were w.-lltimcJ. A line of 
demarkatiun between the well-behaved and the ill-fcchaved 



should certainly be drawn. Good behavior deserves respect, 
and respect it should receive; bad behavior merits scorn, 
and scorn should be its reward. 

Every association, doubtless, has experienced the annoyance 
caused by a ftw boys and girls who will persist in whispering 
and talking and laughing while the exercises are being pro- 
ceeded with. In faer, all the good expected to be derived 
from ."uch meetings is .'ometimes entirely lost through the 
senseless giggling cf such individuals. Now, if boys and 
girls who behave themselves in this way could only "see them- 
selves as olbers kc thdu," they would cease tlieir untoward 
conduct and endeavor to deport tlieuiselves iu a manner 
worthy of the children of the Latter-day Saints. 

It is with that object in view that wc have been led to write 
iu this strain. Wedesiie to see iheyoungand rising generation 
of Zion grow up in the fear of tlod. We desire to see them 
cultivate that which is good, and shuu that which is evil. 
Tlie youth of /ion cannot afford to become 'iinodluius." 
Their path is clear. Heirs to the priesthood of Almighty 
God, they will be called upon sooner or later to carry forward 
the great latter-day work. 

Hence the necessity, then, of guarding against the formation 
of evil habits in youth. Hence the necessity, also, of living 
near to ( iod that lie may enable us to overcome our weaknesses 
and failings. We need the Holy Spirit to guide us in all 
things. Boys and girls under the guidance of this Spirit can 
never play the "hoodlums." They will always be on the well- 
behaved si<le of the house, and will receive that resi)ect which 
good conduct merits and deserves. 

It does not necessarily follow, however, that well-behaved 
boys and girls should walk about as if they were afraid to be 
heard speaking above a whisper, or afraid to be seen taking 
part in those innocent amusements that are commonly indidged 
in by the youth of every land. No; such an idea would be 
absurd. There is a time to be funny and there is a time not 
to be funny. There is a time to speak, and there is a time 
not to speak. There is a time for play, and there is a time 
when play is not projier. There is, in fact, a time for everything. 

Let our young readers ponder over this fact, and they will 
know when deportment and decorum is rer|uired at their 
hands; they will know that to talk, laugh and giggle in a 
public meeting is entirely out of place; and, finally, they will 
be brought to the knowledge that, if they wish to retain the 
respect and good will of those older and more exiierienccd 
than themselves, they must listen to good advice, and throw 
aside this '"hoodlumism," of which we hear so much. 




Cll.Mi Aci Kli. — The crown and glory of life is character. It 
is the noblest possession of a man, constitulitig a rank in 
itself and an estate in the general good-will; dignifying every 
station, and exalting every i)osition in society. It exercises a 
greater power than wealth, and .secures all the honor without 
the jealousies of fame. It carries with it an influence which 
always tcll.s — for it is the result of prouil honor, rectitude, 
an<l consistency — iiualities which, jierhaps, morn than any 
other, command the general confidence and respect of man- 
kind. — X. Siiiil'x. 



Skh\ li'K takes its value IVoni eliaraeter. The dime as well 
as the eagle, takes honor from the State whose imprint it 
liears. Oiir fra'.'Mientary service is tho ''small change," and 
ei(iially honorable with the large c nn of urjre consiiicuous 
ilecds. 





a"TJ^E:N"iz_iE in^sT:R.T7CTOE. 



31 




FANNIE'S 



STORIES 
CATS. 



ABOUT 




CHILDREN, even of tenJer year?, need not be told that 
this picture represents a similar scene to one which has 
occurred in the life of almost every one of them. 

The little girl, Fannie, has become attached to her playmate, 
the cat Tabby, which she has grown up wiih from infancy, and 
which has been her constant companion. Tabby was brought 

to the house 

when Fannie 
was the tiniest 
baby, and the 
two have been 
playmates ever 
since. 

Fannie has 
just now finish- 
ed her break- 
fast and has 
brought a bowl 
of milk into 
the garden for 
her pet. They 
are going to a 
shady seat un- 
der the trees, 
for it is warm 
spring time, 
and as Fan- 
nie's papa has 
been telling 
her some facts 
about the ani- 
mal kingdom, 
she feels in du- 
ty bound to 
make the same 
facts known to 
Tabby. Let 
me f 11 w 
them to their 
quiet retreat, 
and tell you 
what occurred 
there. 

After drink- 
ing up the 
milk, the grate- 
ful creature 
jumped into 
the lap of its 
little mistress, 
and, laying its 
head on her 
arm, looked with 
began: 

"Tabby, my papa saj-s tame cats wore first known an3 nindc 
use of in F]^ypt, that old country into which Joseph was taken 
whoa sold by hi-fbretbrca. They wereafcerwards looked upon 
by the people there as sacred, and were worshiped, and had 
temples to live in. But the funniest thin? wa-i that if a cat 
died, tlie family that owned it shaved olf their eyebrows to 
show their grief. 




its great eyes into her fae3. Fannie then 



'•In early times in England the price of a cat was so great 
that if a person should kill the one which kept the mice away 
from a prince's granary, he was compelled by law to pay as 
much wheat as would cover the dead animal when held up by 
the tip of lis tail, its nose touching the ground. You see, 
kitty, a cat's life was worth a good many bushels of grain in 
those days. 

"Papa told me also about the story of Whittington's cat, and 
how much money he got for it from the king of a country 

where there 



were so many 
rats and mice; 
but papa doe.s 
not believe 
that story, and 
I don't either. 
"He says 
there are many 
kinds of eats— 
the Chinese, 
which has long 
ears and fine 
fur; the An- 
gora, which 
has long, silky 
hair; the Manx 
(from the Isle 
of IM a n ) , 
which has no 
tail; the tor- 
toise shell, 
which is so 
pretty in col- 
or; and your 
variety,Tab'Dy, 
which I think 
is the best of 
all. 

"He toldme 
many stories 
about a cat's 
love ibr its 
kittens, and 
how far it has 
sometimes 
traveled to get 
back to a home 
that it likes; 
how useful it 
is in destroy- 
ing mice; and 
how much it 
becomes at- 
tached to per- 
sons. 
'■'Your eye, kitty, is one of the greatest of wonders, as you 
can see in the dark as well as the light; and your far if rubbed, 
especially in dry or frosty weather, is quite electric, and an 
electric spark can sometimes be made to fiy from it. 

"I'apa saj's some people think a cat has no aifection, but acts 
nicely to its owners only becau-e of selfishness and cunning. 
I uiy-elf think your race a little cruel in your dealings 
with mice. Of course it is natural for you to catch and eat 
micj, but why do you not kill them at once, instead of jilayiog 



B 






■^ 3S 



Cr TJVEij^ I LE Il>rSTI?.TJOTOI?., 



Si 



lis 




C) 



'H 



with them anil torturin» hem neirly to dealh? You do not 
do this wiih birds, for you u-ua'ly kill them as soon as you 
catch ihem. Is it because yuu are al'raid they will get away 
out of your reach?" 

During the latter part ot this narrative Tabby had ^liown 
signs of uneasiness Fannie, however, licld her firmly until 
she condudvd, when, with a strut'L'lc and a bound, iheiiri^oner 
was free, and dashed off into ili^ garden, Fannie eloseiy fol- 
lowing iier, and the conversation was ended. 

At some future time I may be able to tell you more of ilie 
talks on natural history between F'annie and her cat. 

Jaqlce. 



€ 



raids 



»^l 



Ifntlta. 



BV WILLIAM FOTIIERINGHAM. 



(Continued.) 

OUR journey from Benares to Calcutta was interspersed 
with incidents somewhat similar to those which we en- 
countered on our travels up the country, that have been 
brie8y referred lo in former chapters, and can be concisely 
summed up. Traveling night and day, changing and being 
delayed for bullocks at the various rhokfci, swarms of beggars, 
as well as the v/iiijiftissris and i/lnirnirtini', clamorinsr for Imxets, 
helped to make up the routine of travel. 

The rivers, whiih were greatly swollen and difficult to cross 
on our way up, had now so receded that some of them could 
be forded. Magnificent bridges had been constructed over 
others, which gave us to understand that the intelligence and 
gcDius of the Anglo-Saxon had been at work since we passed 
up. 

On our return into the province of Bengal, the country pre- 
sented a beautiful appearance. Tl is called the ''frarden of 
the Woild," and not inapjiropriatcly, as one would think from 
viewing the oi'iiim fields and other trojjieal productions, which 
were then growing in rich profusion. 

The liangcs sluggishly winds its way to the Bay of Bengal, 
and durinL' the rainy season it overflows, inundating the 
country lo a great extent; and when the water recedes, it leaves 
a rich, fecundating deposit. The intense rays of the sun 
beating u[ion the deep, well-watered soil, presenting an even 
surface without a rock or hillock, brings forth a profuse vege- 
tation, making the country resemble one waving field of 
grain. 

We arrived at a rlml:,, twenty-six miles from Calcutta, and 
were detained six hours for bullocks. 

While here I thoughtlessly touched with a bamboo cane the 
linrn'iili icarthern pot) containing tiie cooked rice of one of 
tlie GhiirinniiiA. He informed me that the vessel and rice 
wore polluted, and that I mu«t pay him one <iunn (about three 
cent.t), and take the Imninh with its contents, he having no 
further use fur if, as it was defiled by the touch of a Firrcmjr 
(Christian). 

A party of his friends gntliered around us with bamboo 
clubs, a^.-iiniing a rather hostile attitude. We were not 
alarmed at their menaces, lor, as a people, they are rather 
cowardly: liut we had no dc-iire to trifle with their peculiar 
religious notions, which were dear to them, as ours are to us. 
I paid him the 'uum, after which he and his friends toned 
down. 



'^. 



The Hindoos have numerous superstitions, one of which 
came often under our observation, that I will mention in this 
connection. 

After locating their camji when traveling, they will .sweep 
the spot intended for the cooking place, drawing a circle 
around by making a mark in the soil, and sprinkle with wafer, 
after which they build their clioollax, or fire place, being com- 
licsed of mud or rocks. If any Christian bajipens to pass 
over this spot or set a foot within the precincts of this ring or 
circle, in their ettimation, it becomes defiled, when they 
immediately move their effects to another spot which they 
again arrange after the manner described. 

We had considerable trouble at this chohr, more than at 
any other in all our journey. The clmprdKs.ds and (jldinvranx 
were insolent because we refused to give them luij-ies, and 
they did all they could to annoy and detain us. 

After leaving this station, ten miles travel brought us to 
the ghdt on the Hoogly River. As the ferry boats were 
occupied in carrying a detachment of Sepoy cavalry across the 
river, we were detained at this point during the night, and 
kejit awake on account of the noise and bustle caused by the 
landing of the troops, their horses, camp followers and 
outfit. 

When the day dawned we learned that many of the troops 
were still on the opposite side of the river, and that it would 
be some time before we could cross. We concluded to engage 
a diiKjiji (canoe), with four men, to take us down the river 
from this point to Calcutta. 

As soon as the rhuprusscc learned our intentions, he pro- 
cured the aid of a innonslie to prevent us taking our luggage 
out of the wagon. 

The I liiiiiriinsd had a long flowing beard, which I grasped 
with one hand and threatened to chastize him if he stood in 
the way of our luggage being jiut into the boat, which was 
speedily placed on board without any further trouble. 

We informed him that we would report his conduct to the 
Ijiihijii at the Culcutta post office; which we did, but he 
referred us to the post master general, so wo let it rest, not 
feeling disjiosed to follow up the stream of red tape for so 
small a matter. 

In proceeding down the river the tide was flowing rapidly 
with a strong wind, causing great agitation on the surface. 
The </ini/ri/ being a very .shallow craft, with the careless 
management of the boatmen, whom it is a difficult matter to 
drown on account of their expert swimming qualities, we felt 
.several times that we were going o be swaniiicil. AVhen we 
arrived at the r/lml in Calcutta, we felt thankful to our I'ather 
lor (lis protecting care over us. 

We had been absent from ('alcutta seven months, having 
visite<l the princii)al cities and stations of northern India. 
We had traveled three thousand miles, shut up in buliock 
wagons, loaded with boxes and camel trunks, the stowing of 
which presented an unevi'ii surface on which we had to sit and 
sleep close up to the sheet iron roof, that reflected the heat of 
the tropical sun upon our heads. 

When we looked back upon what we had endured, we were 
satisfied that (loilhad sanciified the discomfort lo us, while 
passing through this cramped and stewing ordeal. 
(Tn III ( 'niilinnnl.) 



W'r. try to <Tcalc civilization by law. Law is of no \a1iic 
or s(Tvicc. except as it rcprocrils rjiiiral seniiinciil and mora 
conviction behind and beneath il. 





crTJ"^ri±iisrzTjEi in^sTi?.TJOTOi2.. 




A STRANGE PERSONAGE. 



BY U. S. S. 




OCCASIONALY, our missionaries while traveling preaching 
the gospel, enrou liter men anil oV'jeets, tlmt to the casual 
observer are a matter of c lurse ; but to a caieful student they 
offer a field ibr study, as the tuUowing will illustrate : 

In May, liS78, a man calling himself Robert Edge came 
into Lesingtoi, Herderson Cnunly, Tennessee, preaching 
■what he called the gospel :ilt -r the apostolic order. Ilis 
advent was as remaikal'le as his manner and teachings. The 
night he made his aiipearaiicc there was a great noise, as of a 
terrible explosion, -nhiih was heard a distance of thirty-five 
miles. 

He was a man of ordinary appearance, small of stature, 
with red hair and pleasing address. Ho was well versed in 
scripture; in fact, the Bible was to him as a child's primer — 
he knew it all. He applied for the privilege to preach, and 
having obtained it, he preached the most remarkable sermon 
of modern times. 

He spoke of the apostasy from the primitive church, and 
upon the apostolic order, and dwelt at some lengih upon thy 
first principles of the gospel, more paiticularly upon the power 
of the Holy Ghost. 

He said he could not baptize, but the power to do so was 
upon the earth, aud it would be revealed to theni in due time. 
He proved com'lu-ively by the Bible, that the Roman 
Catholic church is the "mother of harlot-;," that the churches 
of modern Christianity are daughters and grand-daughters of 
her, and that their priesthood is false, and their members 
deluded. 

He said that all the secrets of masonry, and all the secret 
combinations of man as now practiced are a base counterfeit, 
and an abomination in the sight of the Lord. 

He called upon all men to come out of Babylon, to forsake 
man-made doctrines and follow Christ; to assist in rolling forth 
the purposes of God, and prepare for the great millennium 
soon to be ushered in, when Christ will reign personally upon 
the earth. 

Many other things he also told, that were so remarkable that 
people stood aghast, and ciiqiiircd of him further. 

He preached a series of sermons, denouncing masonry, etc., 
and expounding the intricate parts of the scriptures. There 
was not a prophecy but what he could explain as easily as if 
he bad written it, and the first chupter of Ezekicl was to him 
as the ali'liabet. 

He organized a body of ihi church, as he said, by blessing 
and the laying on of hands, and admonished his converts to be 
faithful and pray to G.id always, who would reveal many 
great and important things to them, that they should under- 
stand. 

He required them to fast three days in succession, after which 
be administered the Lord's supper, and informed them tliat 
they were not the only ones that were of this faith but that he 
could not give them any further information upon this point. 
Ho in>^tructed them, that if any should persecute them for 
their doctrine, they shimld remove to the west. 

The people watched hiin very closely. Ho lived as he 
taught them to, was abstemious in his habits, refraining fiom 
animal food of all kinds, and ate only corn bread and butter- 
milk. 

^lany remarkable cases of healing occurred under his admin- 
istration. 



He was asked if he was a "Mormon," to which he replied, 
"If I am a 'Jlormon,' God bless the 'Mormons.' " 

He intimated in talking to the people that when they had 
gone to the mountains of the west he would again visit them. 
He said be had not authority to perform any of the ordinances, 
pertaining to the church, but that the priesthood was upon 
the earth, and its power would be made known to them. 

He said he had been preaching for eighteen hundred years. 

He remained with the people some time, and explained a 
great many things ta them that are not here mentioned. 

The people offered him money and clothes, but he positively 
refused to accept either. 

He was always forewarned of any danger that was about to 
happen to himself, and his disappearance was quite as mys- 
terious as his advent. He has never been heard of since in 
that region. 

A great many more very curious traits of character and 
remarkable sayings and teachings of this wonderful man 
might be here jotted down, but let this suffice. I leave my 
readers to solve the ([uestion. Who is he? 

The little band he organized have since been baptized, and 
have emigrated to Colorado, and are faithi'ul and true to this 
great Latter-day work. 

^ » "-^S^* »^ 

JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 



(Continued.) 

AFT]'jR passing through one of the schools, I wended my 
way to the noted Heidelberg Castle, or rather the ruins, 
•which are situated about midway between the foot and sum- 
mit oi' one of the hills which surround the city. The view to 
be had from the top of these ruins is most beautiful and well 
worthy the tiresome job of ascending the hundreds of steps 
necessarj- to obtain it. 

The oldest part of this castle was built in the 13th century, 
but since that time quite a number of additions have been 
made to it. The rulers of Baden had their residence here 
until it was destroyed by the French general, Melac, in 16S'). 
Since that time it was partially rebuilt, but after being 
destfoyed again by fire, the ruins were left standing. 

I first took a walk through part of the garden surrounding 
the castle, and then bought a t'ckct to view the inside of the 
palace. I first went and saw the old halls, chambers, prisons, 
etc.; also the old fireplace where a whole ox at one time 
used to be roasted. The walls in .some places are twenty feet 
thick, and, as a proof of the solidity with which they are 
built, a person is shown a large part of the tower, which has 
fallen into the ravine that surrounds the castle, and the fall was 
not sufficient to separate the stones; indeed, it seems as if age 
had welded the separate substances into one solid mass. In 
different corners and niches of the building all kinds of 
statues are placed, which tend to give the whole a curious 
appearance. 

The castle attracts many artists from all parts of the country, 
who come here and often remain week after week sketching 
the most celebrated i>arts of the ruins and grounds. 

In the cellar is to be seen the largest barrel in the world; it 
is capable of holding 300,000 German litre (a mea.sure a little 
larger than a quart). There is a platform on top of this 
barrel on which four couples can comfortably dance a quadrille_ 



^' 



K^ 34= 



:rTJ^El\TILE I^TST R^TJOTOI^. 




The staves are all made of oak, and are eitilit inelies thick. 
Karl Tlieodorc liad this constructed in IT.'il, and it has been 
three limes full of wine. B.v tlie side of this barrel stands a 
figure which represents the cellarer of olden times, who, it is 
said, used to drink sixteen bottles of wine a daj'. 

There is also a uiuseum in the castle, where I saw the largest, 
collection of portraits of kings and riueens that I ever beheld ; 
there were also a great many other curiosities both ancient and 
modern to be seen. 

After having seen through the apartments of the cattle, I 
vijited a .spring near by that bears the name of "Wolf's 
Fountain." It is said the origin of this name is as follows: 

In olden times when there were a great many forests around 
here, there lived a young and beautiful maiden in the midst 
of them. She was accredited with being able to foretell 
future events. A young French nobleman hearing of her, 
determined to find her and learn of his future. He accordingly 
set out on his expedition, and after some search succeeded in 
finding the desired personage, Jette by name. Me greeted 
her, and said : 

"\\'orihy maiden, to thee is given to know future events; 
make known to nie my luture." 

Jette viewed him for a moment and then told him to meet 
her lli3 following day, and in the meantime she would learn of 
his future. 

The following d.iy our hero bttnok himself to tli3 appointed 
place and there found the maiden wailing in sadness for him. 
lie desired to know his fate : 

■'Oh," says she, "the stars of our lives seem joined 
togetiier." 

■"Then am I over-happy," cried the youth, as he sank at 
her feet. 

■"Wilt tlnuca-;t ihv lot with mine? ' inquired .lette; and the 
youth promi.^ed faithfully so to do. "'Thon," says Jette, "our 
happiness must remain hidden i'rom men's eyes," and she 
appointed lh2 fountain mentioned as the place of meeting 
in liic evening. 

With a heart full of joy the lover went in the evening to 
meet his allianccd, when liie sight that mot his eyes turned 
h:s blood almost to ice ; there lay the maiden, and standing on 
her body tearing the limbs assundor, was a huge wolf. With 
a cry the j-ouih drew his .sword and killed the beast; but his 
beloved was dead, and the body was buried at this fountain, 
which ever since has borne the name of "Wolf's Founjiiin. " 

.\ftcr h.Tving satisfied myself in looking at the other i)arts 
of IleidiHerg, which, by the by, has very little attraction 
outside of tlie cistle and the schools, I returned to Ludwig- 
Hhafcr, from which place, a few days aftetwards, I took n)y 
departure for Hern, to which city I was called by the President 
of thi.s nii-,-ion. 

On n)y way to the above named place I came to the city of 
Carlsruhe, and this being the capital of IJuden and a .some- 
what renowned city, Iconcliided toremainaml visit the principal 
places of interest and note. The origin of the name Carlsruhc 
I Charles' rest) U said to bo as follows: 

Margrave Charles, of Haden, had been very successful in war, 
and was relnrnint' acain to his dominions with the intention 
of spenijing the remainder of his time in the ei'j^yment of 
peace, and for the good of his subject.s. With the bead city, 
Durlaeh, it was the intention to commence the improvements 
and preparations for a peaceful reign. The city was to be 
enlarged and beautified ; but the inactivity of the people and 
their caprice placed so many hindrances in the w.iy of the 
accon)pIi.shnient of the desired object, that the work wa< 
abandoned. 



One day Charles was out in what was called the Hartwalde, 
hunting, with some companions. In the excitement of the 
chase he became separated from his friends. He searched in 
vain to find his way out of the forest, and at last weary and 
despairing he laid down under a tree. Sleep soon overcame 
him, and in his drtams he saw near tin top of the tree above 
his head a beautiful and precious crown, on the front of which 
were the words, "This is (he reward of the noble,' and around 
him on every side were the towers and pinnacles of a beautiful 
and largo city, and in the city was a magnificient castle, 
which, for size and beauty, was worthy of being possessed by 
the mightiest ruler. 

While Chailes was, with amazement and rapture, gazing 
up(m the lovely and chMrmiiig >cenc, it suddenly disajipearcd. 
Ho awoke and fimnd hiruself surrounded by his friends, who 
having become alarmed at his long absence from their midst, 
sought him out. Charles greeted them, and then said, "I 
have had a precious dream. The large and beautiful city 
which I saw in a vision I will now commence, and it shall bo 
my future residence. The spot on which my body has just 
rested will be my grave." 

From that time until the present, Carlsruhc grew with 
amazing rapidity, and is still the residence of the grand duke, 
or ruler of Baden. 

( To he Cotit! lived. ) 



i g rit p I) 11 . 



JOSSFH sivczth: 
x= i^ o F mi! T . 



TKCE 



iContiimed.) 

C^ RE.VT sr.tisfaciicm fullowed the meeting which we described 
^ in our last number. The iicojile were relieved, and though 
still full of tacncss 1 ecau.-e of Joseph and Iljrum'sdealh. they 
were thankful that they were not without a leader, the man 
whom (iod had chosen having been idainly pointed nut to them. 
There were a few persons who wcie disappointed at the turn 
affairs had taken, liigdon. Mirks and a few others, apostates 
in their feelings, did not wi-h the Twelve Apostles to preside. 
They had other |)lans concerning the leading of the Church, 
and they had had .secret councils and made secret arrange- 
ments upon the suljcct. But the Church of Jesus Christ 
of liattcr day Saints is not a Church for a man to buy or sell 
and make merchandise of It is a Ciiurch, as its name im- 
plies, concerning the government and control of which the Lord 
has so:.,ething to s:iy. Whenever men have atlcini)tcd to 
u.-urp aulhdrity over His Church and people, they have been 
overthrown, lie has established and organ'zed His Church 
upon ihc earth, nnd He will pre.-crve and uphold it and dictate 
who shall bo its President and ofii;;ers, and thc^ man or men 
whom He has not chosen or sent, who think they can do as 
they plca.se with the (lucks will be speedily overthrown. 

liigdon outwardly ajiiieared, for a short time, to submit to 
the jiresidency of the 'J'wclve Apostles; but he only did so until 
he could get hi'* plms matured. Secretly ho collected tho.se 
who synipalhized with him together, and every other one whom 
he could tempt and deceive by his cunning words and false 
statements, and held meetings, in which he j)romised them 
wonderlul things, and even went so far as to ordain some of 



:f 



^- 




;"«feic 




CTTJ^El^XLE X2>r&T:RJJGTO:R. 



35 




them to be prophets, priests and kings. Of course, such move- 
ments could not long remain concealed ; his hypocrisy soon 
became public ; the whole Church soon learned, what the 
Twelve Apostles had long been aware of, that he was an apos- 
tate and an enemy to the truth. Like other apostates who 
have aimed at power before and since, he gathered around him 
those who were opposed to the priesthood and to the principles 
of righteousness, people who, while Joseph lived, were his ene- 
mies, and now that he was gone, were the enemies of President 
Brigham Young and the Twelve Apostles. He came out 
openly and opposed the Church, denounced its leaders and 
endeavored to seduce the people to commit the same folly and 
to practice the same wickedness of which he was guilty. To 
keep up a form of organizition he proceeded to choose twelve 
men and call them apostles, and he soon left Nauvoo and retired 
to Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, which he made his head(iuarters. 
He sent out his missionaries to various places where there were 
branches of the Church, and endeavored to persuade the elders 
and members that he was the legal and heaven-appointed leader 
of the Church and that the Twelve Apostles had assumed an 
authority which did not belong to them. For awhile they 
made some little stir; what his preachers lacked in authority 
and in spirit they made up in noise, being vigorous in setting 
forth their own claims and in detracting from President Young, 
his brethren the Apostles and the Elders and Saints who were 
associated with them. Their exertions, however, had one 
excellent effect— they gathered out from the Church many hyp- 
ocrites and evil doers, and left it more pure and healthy by 
their labors. This was (he result which attended their opera- 
tions as far as the Church was concerned ; and to-day, when we 
look back at their proceedings, we can not sec the least harm 
that they did the truth, the servants of God or the Church; 
but when we reflect upon the injury they did themselves, the 
consequences appear terrible. They cut themselves off from 
God, from the Holy Ghost and its gifts, from the Holy Priest- 
hood and its blessings and from the exaltation which they 
would have received had they been faitliful. They hoped to lead 
away the Church; but in this they were disappointed, and they 
even failed to secure the praise of the world, for which they 
were very anxious. None of their plans succeeded, and all 
their hopes failed, and they soon died away and sunk into 
oblivion and contempt. Thus it always is with apostates. 
{To be Continued.) 



PATIENT PEKSEVERANCK. 



BY JAOrCE. 




A NICE story is told of a famous Pioman general named 
Sirtorius, who, besides being an able commander, was, 
as this incident will serve to show, a sound philoso])her. 
He was of that class of military men, occasionally dashing and 
rarely unsuccessful, who believed in and practiced the policy of 
wearing out an enemy, when of superior numbers, bj' harass- 
ing it and overcoming it by his patience and wariness. 

At one time in his career, a feeliog of dissatisfaction, 
amounting almost to mutiny, began to manifest itself in his 
camp, because of his delay and caution in engaging the 
enemy. 

After trying in vain to calm his li jry troops, who wore eager 
for the fight, lie at last allowed theuj in their own way to en- 
counter the oppo.-ing force. The result, as might be supposed, 
was most disastrous to the II imaii arms, and his army suffered 
an inglorious defeat. 



The practical lesson of patience and perseverance which he 
wished to impress upon them, he felt it would now be easy to 
teach. And he illustrated his ideas in this novel way: 

In front of his whole army he brought out two horses, one, 
a fine, magnificent charger; the other, a thin, hall-starved 
beast, scarcely able to stind on its feet. He ordered a power- 
ful, broad-shouldered soldier to pull out the tail of the poor, 
weak horse, and to perform the same office for the fine animal, 
he assigned a small, decrepit, deformed man. 

The troops were much amused at this arrangement, and 
their laughter was greatly increased when they saw the ridicu- 
lous spectacle of the strong man pulling the weak horse in 
every direction, from one side to the other, up and down the 
ground, as if he would pull it to pieces. 

When they had enjoyed this sight for some time, and were 
satisfied that the man, with all his strength, was unable to rob 
the poor brute of his tail, their commander directed their 
attention to the labors of the ciipple, who until now had not 
been noticed at all in the great diversion afforded by the scene 
just described. 

Then they saw the lesson which their wise leader had sought 
to teach them. Instead of trying by main strength to pull 
out the tail of the high-mettled steed, he industriously com- 
menced pulling out the hairs a few at a time, until at length 
he had succeeded in doing with his animal that which his 
more able-bodied competitor had failed in accomplishing wi'h 
the ill-favored horse. 

Sertorius, in the address which he made to his .soldiers 
immediately after this, said: "You see how great are the 
fruits of perseverance, which indeed overcomes everything. 
Time, by this quality, conquers the strongest things of earth; 
and time, while the best friend to those who use it properly 
and with wisdom, is the worst enemy of tho.se who use it with 
impetuosity and foolhardiness." 

So I say to the readers of the Juvenile Instructor. 
Decide on your course of action; persevere in it through all 
the chnnges of fortune which may attend, and, believe me, 
the success with which you overcome the most di.sheartening 
obstacle will be the greatest satisfaction to you. All nature 
teaches this one simple lesson. In the history of the world no 
great result was ever accomplished in a single stroke. The 
grand old ocean singes and heats on the steepe-sf crags and 
gradually wears its way on the rockies-t shore. Its tides come 
to their h'ght, not in one immense wave, but in a series of 
advance?, each nearer to the point aimed at. The lives of all 
worthy men are examples of what can be done with persever- 
ance. 

There can be no better illustration than that afforded by the 
tiny toilers of the uiighty deep. Million,^ upon millions of 
coral insects labor year after year on one spot in the depths of 
the sea. There is no rest for them, but work, work continu- 
ally. By and by, after countless lives have been spent, the 
result of their exertions begins to be seen. It grows in size, 
rearing its head higher and higher through the clear water, 
until at length a reef, the commencement of a mountain, 
glitters above the surface of the highest wave. 

So, in this country, and indeed in any other, a boy can 
make of himself ju-t such a man as ho wishes to. Persever- 
ance is the secret, and now that you all know it, let us sec 
what vou will do for yourselves. 



-«^-> O" 



On the cultivation of the mind of woman depends the 
wisdom of men. 









^ 36 



cr u"VEniq-ziLE] iintsti^tjotoio. 




LITTI^E CHILDREN, LOVE THE SAVIOR. 

Words by E. B. Wells. 



JIl'SIC BV A. P. 



i^ 



— I 1 — ^ — i—m — ^ 1 1- 

-^_g_ ^q_g_ g-_j,_q- 

•■ ^ • * -S- 



zzi=:^=rj=2zr==z^^zi^ 






^3"= 



Lit - tie cliilJren, love the Savior, Lcai-n to Jo His ho-ly will; He is whisp'ring to j'ou ev - ev 



3ez:i2zi«7 



m—Mz 



m 



5: 



J 



■•- -*- -*- "^ -•• -5" -s- •^ • 



Sacred iluties to i'ul-fill. Je-sus said, Love one an - otli - er, And for - give each 



ipi=pi 



:fzzz=:fc 



'^ 



i 



oth 



^e: 



too, 



75- c» 

Tl;en. as 



— a- 
tci% 



-*- -•- -•■ ■' -•- 



ipzizzF 



^ 



or as brother, Let us wisdom s course pur - sue. 






-t=: 



~*=:3H^E-; 



izt: 



Meek and hi;mb!e ii'.;e u\k Mai'.er, 

To ihn F:illior wo wii; pray. 
Tliat our tnotsteps may not I'aitet 

III tlic straight a.'id i:arrow way. 
We are leariiinj; tu be usefiii, 

In life's Ic-iioiis clay by daj-; 
Il'jncjt, upricjiit, genlln, trulh.'':;i 

Treading wisdom's ploasani way. 



Honor father, honor mother; 

Tliese are precepts Jesus taught; 
And with kindness to each other, 

May our actions all be fraught. 
We must seek for heav'nly favor, 

In the path our Savior trod; 
Bravely wrestle with endeavor, 

Holding fast the "iron rod." 



fe 



Tfik answer to tlie Scriptural Eni.gnia in No. 2M, Vol. lo, Is 
as follows : 

N ehemiah Nehemiah i. 4. 

K lisha IT Kings iv. P., 4, ri, fi. 

I? en-hadad .... 1 KIpl's x.\-. 1. 

I'zziah II ChroD. x.wi. 1. 

'' u.shi 11 Samuel xviii. 31, :J2. 

H crodias Mark vi. 12, 2.3, 2.5. 

.\ rtaxcxes .... l'>.ra. vii. 11. 

I>a-ii.l Daniel i. 7. 

X eiHizaradryi . . . .Icromiah xl. 1. 

H sail Jeremiah xlix. 10. 

Z odckiah loroiuiali lii. 8. 

/ ena< Tilii.s iii. I:;. 

.\ prippa Arts xxvi. 2.H. 

It ahab In-hna ii. 1. 

Wo have received correct sohili(iu« frmn W. S. I'opplctnn, 
Wcll>vilic; Lihby Merrill, Richni.nd: M. I". .lefferies, Oranl.s- 
villi- : M. M. Steele. V. Steele, l'ani.'iiitih ; .las Jcpson, 
AfiieO'" HintoD. VirpenC'ity; I). L'nyd, We.-t Jordan; .1 no. 
.\. (' 11)11, I'liasant (ipcn. 

-^-•- • •^»- - «c^ 

Talk not of talen's; wliat liast thou to do? 
Thy duty, he thy portion five or to. 
Ta'k not of talents; is thy duly done? 
Thou h:id-t suniciont, wen- they ten or one. 
,0 



EVERYTHINa TAKES TIME. 



in \v. r. i.iid.NAitn. 



The ro.'sc is not made pi^rfcct in a day, 

Neither is any llowor; 
Even the loaf open the smallest spray, 

Owes sometliing to each hour. 
The nest that clings securely t" tlie tree, 

Came not nlread.v niade. 
But little birds wiirked there indu>triouslv. 

And wondrous skill displayed. 
Let tliis godd le.sson on ymir liearts bo traced, 

Tliat's written in my rhyme: 
There's mithing good that s done in ha^te, 

But everything takes time. 



Ls PuMi.sh< d in Sail L:>ke City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE Filt.ST A.M) KIKTKENTII OK EVERY .MONTH. 



riKon«R <t. CAiw.vo.v, 



KDITOR. 



T K K M .S I N ADVANCE. 
Singh Copy, per Annum, - - - $2.00. 
3»-Omco, South Tornpio Sroet, One-and-a-hnlf 1! 1( cks West 
of Tabernacle, .Salt Lake City. 



— iTfi 



% 



A 



>2)j: 



