4*^r 




^•5^ 










VOL 4. 



SALT LAKK CiTY. SATURDAY. NOVEMBKH 20. 1869. 



NO. 24. 



CHcinsTESE iPXJisriSHiDvnEisrT. 



IN old time?, they had a custom in England and otlier coun- 
tries ot ^a^tenin.<; men in what was called the "pillory," 
which consisted of a horizontal board supported by four posts, 
resembling a long table, and was generally siiuatcd in some 
public |>lace. In this board a hole was made of sufficient di- 
ameter to admit a man's neck. Other similar contrivances 



(■ity or town in which he has to undergo his punishment, with 
his offence written upon it, so that every one who sees him 
may know what he has been guilty of. Someiiiues piisoners 
are sentenced to wear this wooden collar for a month together. 
You may imagine what a dreadful punishment this must be. 
All the food that the prisoner receives has to be administered 




were made for the hands; and when a man was placed in the 
pilloty, he could not move head nor arms. 

In the picture which we give this week, the man who is be- 
ing punished is placed in a kind of walking pillory. This pun- 
ishment is called the "kea" or "congue." It consists of a 
wooden collar in which the prisoner is paraded through th 



by his nliendanis, as his hands are securely fastened as de- 
scribed above. The man whom we see in the picture, sitting 
by the table, is doubtless the judge, and the man who has a 
chain fasienod to the collar to lead the prisoner away and a 
whip in his hand with which to inflict the punishment, is an 




f 



Cr TJ "V E InT I L E Xl<TST:RJJ<DTO:Et. 



*^^mm 



This is one of the punishments practiced in China, where all 
penal offences are visited on the heads of the guilty parties 
with the most rigid and severe punishments. The laws of 
China are very severe on the crime of treason. The innocent 
members of the family of the offender are consigned to destruc- 
tion as well as the traitor. On one occasion, an attempt was 
made on the life of the emperor of China by a single assassin. 
He was condemned to a lingering death, and his sons, "being 
of tender age," to be strangled. The mode of execution in 
cases of treason is called "ling-chy," and is said to be a "dis- 
graceful and lingering death." Some Europeans have styled 
il "cutting into ten thousand pieces." The most frequent way 
of punishment is prolonged imprisonment. When once a crim- 
inal is put in prison, there is little prospect of his coming forth 
till the sentence is fully expired. 

The prisons are miserable abodes, and the Chinese call them 
"tyyo" or hell. The confinement is solitary, and the dread of 
being imprisoned is said to deter the people from crime. Wo- 
men, in ordinary cases, are placed as criminals in the custody 
of their nearest relatives, who are answerable for them, except 
in cases of adultery, when they are put in prison. This makes 
their punishment I'ght, and keeps them from being brought in 
contact with vice while in prison. When the civil authorities 
want to obtain evidence from criminals, they sometimes Sfjiiecze 
the ankles of males and the fingers ol' leniales between sticks. 
Prisoners are never asked to make oath or to swear, as is com- 
mon in Christendom, but they are punished severely if it is 
found that they have told falsehoods in giving evidence. The 
Chinese do not torture people above seventy or under fifteen 
years of age, or those who are laboring under permanent dis- 
ease. 

Simple cases of stealing are sometimes punished by beating 
with a bamboo, and at other times, with exile. Where weapons 
are used in cases of robbery, the crime is punished by death. 

The Chinese believe that fathers have the power of life and 
death over their children. This was the case with Israel in 
olden tiuie. If a Chinese father kill one of his children, he is 
subject only to the chastisement of the bamboo and a year's 
banishment. But the penalty for striking parents or for curs- 
ing them, is death. It does not appear, it is said, that this 
absolute power of parents over the lives of their children, is 
productive of evil, as few instances of its exercise ever occur. 

The Chinese love order, and have a great horror of tumults; 
and all affrays are treated with unusual .severity. Punishment 
is affixed to the mere act of striking another with the hand or 
foot; and such an act is made a public offence. Hence, you 
seldom hear of Chinese fighting or coming to blows. If they 
quarrel, they will make a great noise and jump about and re- 
proach one another for a long time; but cases of actual striking 
are very rare among them. It may not be so pleasant to the 
neighbors to hear such a clatter; but it is certainly more harm- 
le.ss than fighting. 

Travelers in China say that the laws are very generally known 
and very equ illy aduiinislercd; and that examples of oppress- 
ive and barbarous punishment are seldom met with in China. 
The general aspect of society is said to be good. In the inte- 
lior of the co mtry, very few instances of beggary or abject mis- 
eiy among the lower classes are to be found; and among the 
Ir- her classes, great extravagance is .seldom seen. On every 
h.uiJ. the people give evidence of being industrious, thriving 
and comented. 

The people of Christendom think that their condilion in life 
i- fiir superior to that of any other people; and it is frciiucnily 
ihe Cise that preachers among the various sects speak of the 
Ciiine-ic and other heathen nations as people who arc in a 
dread ul condition and greatly to be pitied. But the Chinese 
notCQteriaiQ these ideas about themselves. We recollect 



reading the reflection of a Chinese named Tien ke eshei He 

wrote as follows: 

"I felicitate myself that I was born In China! It constantly 
occurs to me. What if I had been born beyond the sea, in some 
remote part of the earth, where the cold freezes or the heat 
scorches; where the people are clothed with the leaves of plants, 
eat wood, dwell in a wilderness, lie m the holes of the earth, 
a re far removed from the converting maxims of the ancient 
liings, and are ignorant of the domestic relations. Though 
born as one of the generations of men, I should not have 
been different from a beast. But how happily I have been 
born in China! I have a house to live in, have drink and f'lod 
and commodious furniture. I have clothing and caps and iuti- 
uite blessings. Surely the highest felicity is mine." 



.F\>r the Juvenile Instructor, 






isroiT-nycETJLXjS. 



HI ATTER of every kind is metallic or not; for this reason, 
lii chemists, in classifying the elementary bodies, divide 
them into Metals and Non-metals, — the word non meanin.g 
not. Those elements which hav3 been treated upon are said 
to be non-metals, for the reason that, by no means with which 
chemists are at present acquainted, can they be reduced to the 
metallic state. There are fourteen non-metals known; of which 
Bromine, Selenium, and Tellurium have not been noticed, as 
they are not of much importance to the young student, — being 
rarely met with. 

The word "element" means any substance which cannot be 
decomposed; it is usual to speak of Water or Air as an ele- 
ment, but, in a chemical sense, this is not true; for, as we have 
seen. Water is a compound of Oxygen and Hydrogen; Air is 
a mixture of Oxygen and Nitrogen. Now, all substances are 
either Elements, Compounds, or Mixtures. The word "com- 
pound" means one or more elements conibined into a.sub.stanec, 
as, for instance. Water, which may exist in a soliu Ibi m as 
Ice, in a liquid form, or in that of steam or vapor. In the 
formation of Water, two non-metallic elements are combined. 
Compounds may, however, be formed from the union of non- 
metals and metals. If a piece of iron is exposed to air and 
moisture, it speedily rusts; we say in chemical language, it is 
"oxidized." Here the non-metal oxygen has combined with 
the metal Iron. Mercury, Lead and other metals do not oxi- 
dize so speedily at common temp"ratures; but, by the addition 
of heat, they become oxides. Take a little Mercury, or quick- 
silver, as it is called, submit it to heat for a long time in the 
open air, that will form a "rust" consisting of Oxygen and 
Mercury. It is a red powder, very different to the elements 
of which it is a compound. Lead, also, may be experimented 
upon; the lead will all burn away, and nothing but a powder 
remain — an "oxide of lead." 

The word "mixture" means a substance made up of two or 
more elements or compounds, each of which retains its own 
properties. Air is an example: the oxygen still remains the 
same simple element, although diluted with nitrogen. Sugar 
and salt reduced to powder, however intimately mixed, .^till 
retain their distinct properties. The rocks and soils are mix- 
tures. The air we breathe and the water we drink are not only 
mixtures of f/f^M/f^J/'^ bodies, but compounds of vaiious kinds 
are found in them — carbonic acid, water, etc. 

Before proceeding to the consideration of ibe Mclals, let us 



fe 



MdattMKk'JBfaK 





JTJ^EZtTILE IILTSTI^TJOTOI^;, 



1S7 



remember that Oxygen is a gas, a supporter of life and of com- 
bustion. Hydrogen is the lightest gas known, combusiible 
when burned with Oxygen, forming water. Carbon is a solid, 
a combustible, the chief consliiucnt of all vegetable niattei-. 
Nitrogen is a gas which extinguishes flame and will not support 
life. These four elements have been named by some chemists 
"organogens," because all organic beings are fovuied from 
them. The bulk of vegetable existence consists of the first 
three; with nitrogen added, animal life in all its vavioly con- 
sists. Not but that other elements are made use of in the nat- 
ural processes, in comparatively small pvopovlions. Thus ihe 
metals Calcium, Potassium, Sodium, Iron and Ms^ar.^ium en- 
ter into the composition of animal bodies. Oilier melals, as 
Aluminium, Zinc, Tin, Lead, Cojiper, Moicnry, Platinum, Sil- 
ver and Gold are of value, but the fii^t named is of the great- 
est, for Alumenium and Oxygen (Alumina) form the clay to 
make our dwellings, and the bulk of the soil whioh grows our 
vegetables. It is not, dear children, the gold which men so 
much covet that ministers most to man's life, health and hap- 
piness. The dust of the jj'precious metals," as the gold dust is 
called, is not equal to that of the plains (saleratus) which eon- 
tains potash and soda, constituents of the blood, the' dcspisi^d 
iron fuviiislies the blood with an element that iinpavts to it its 
rich Vermillion color and aids in imparting to it its vituliiyl 

Beth, 



tj^XjI^ "vstith: ojj:e^ little 



I have been thinking this beautiful November morning that 
I would like to have a talk with our little readers of the 
Juvenile Instructor; but there are so many interesting subjects 
and pleasing topics that I hardly know which to select. There 
is one thing, however, that seems to be uppermost in my mind, 
and should occupy a good share of the thoughts of every Lat- 
ter-day Saint — children as well as those who are grown to ma- 
ture years, — and that is, that we are a blessed people in having 
a home in these valley.s of the mountains. In looking abroad 
upon this beautiful city, and beholding the peace and quiet 
that prevail, and the blessings that seem to attend the people 
on every hand, I cannot but compare it with all other cities 
with which my short experience has permitted me to become 
acquainted. Children who are born and raised here, can un- 
derstand but very little of the spirit of disunion that prevails 
in the world, and the great lack there is of that brotherly feel- 
ing that tends to promote peace and union, nor of the many 
crimes and evils that exist, which are almost unknown here in 
Utah. These evils and crimes, and this spirit of disunion were 
manifested more particularly during the late war — as is the 
case in all times of war; not only did those who were equipped 
and sent out to fight manifest this spirit, but those who re- 
mained at home, were in antagonism with each other in regard 
to their political sentiments and opinions; and even in high 
circles, or among the more aristocratic portions of society, people 
who differed in political opinion, refused to associate together, 
but stood aloof and slandered and abused each other lor this 
difference. Indeed, the spirit of war ran rampant through the 
land. Men have been taken up and imprisoned for no other 
cause than that of expressing their opinions in regard to politi- 
cal affairs or the rulers of the nation. Even little children be- 
came so imbued with this feeling that they were ready to "show 
fight" upon the least expression of sentiment or opinion that 
did not coincide with that which they were taught to believe 
was the right; and the terms "copperhead," "secesh," "black- 
abolitionist," and many other expressions of such a nature 
were in common use among them. Cases have been known 



and reported of the children in certain schools dividing up into 
liailies and having regular little battles for no other reason 
1 ban that they belonged to families who differed in political 
ojiiiiion and were filled with the sumo spirit that their parents 
possessed. Tbroughout the length and breadth of the land, it 
seemed as though love and brotherly feeling had ceased to ex- 
ist at one time; and people delighted in hearing of great battles 
in which those whom they looked upon as enemies were con- 
quered and slain, the more bloody the conflict and the more 
cruel the mode of warfare, the more the people gloated over 
it. Had they possessed the gospel, they would not have had 
such feeling, but would have desired peace instead of war, and 
would have felt to mourn instead of rejoice over the bloody 
scenes that were daily being enacted on the battle-ground; for 
the gospel does not teach men to war with each other, nor to 
gloat over scenes of bloodshed, but it brings peace and union 
and brotherly love instead. How thankful we ought to be for 
its peaceful influence, and for the knowledge which it brings; 
by it we are taught how to serve God, and what course to pur- 
sue to win His approbation. 

Our prayers should ascend daily, and our thanksgivings be 
offered for our homes in the valleys of the mountains; that the 
people have been led to this land, and permitted to cultivate it 
and make homes, and that they are blessed in serving God 
and keeping his commandments. 

Kajitha. 



The Monkeys and the Red Caps. — A man who had been 
a muleteer in the city of Cadiz, in a restless spirit, went over 
to the northern part of Africa. Previous to his departure, he 
invested all the money he had in the purchase of those woven 
red caps which form the crown of the turban in Turkey and 
Africa. Soon after his arrival, he set out alone to seek his 
fortune in the interior of the country. Long before sunrise, he 
was off, and reached a shady wood before the heat became too 
great for traveling. In hot countries, this time of the day is 
always set aside for sleep. The man accordingly opened his 
bag which contained his treasure of red caps put on one of 
them as a nightcap, and stretched himself under a tree. He 
slept comfortably till sunset, when imagine his horror on wak- 
ing to perceive the boughs of the tree under which he had slept 
covered with monkeys in red caps! They had seen the Span- 
iard put on his, and, as soon as he was asleep, had one and all 
followed his example. TLe poor Spaniard got in a great rage 
and, stamping with vexation, he cast down his red cap on the 
ground, when — how great was his joyl^all the monkeys did 
the same. The Spaniard soon gathered up the cups and went 
on his way. 



TnR Cat and thu Key. — A cupboard, in which were kept 
milk, butter, and other things needful for the tea-table, was 
sjhut with a lock which, from age or frequent use, could be 
easily made to open. To save trouble, the key was kept in 
the lock. It had often been remarked that, though the door 
was rc;;u1a!ly locked, the cupboard was found wide open, and 
that the milk or butter was considerably reduced, but who 
eould be the culprit the persons in the house could not find 
out. On watching carefully, however, the cat was seen to 
seat herself on the table and, by repeated patting on the han- 
dle of the key, it was at length made to iiua, and ibcn it 
was an easy matter to pull the door open, and make l>ee vviih 
the contents of the cupboard. 




^ 188 






J- TJ "V^ E IsT I H. E IIsrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



'^^^\ 



^1$ S>\i\imiU ia^lruclup* 



GEORGE Q. CA.1VIVOIV, : i:T>ITOn. 

SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 2 0, 18fi9. 




*rij 



HK Kingdom of Bashan, Ij'ing east of the 
river Jordan, was in part conquered by 
Moses, and the conquest was completed by 
Jair, one of the chiefs of the tribe of Ma- 
nassah. After its conquest, it was allot ted 
to the half tribe of Manassah as their in- 
heritance, and was considered by Israel as 
an almost earl Illy paradise. The strenpih 
and grandeur of iis oaks, the beaulyofils 
untain scenery, the unrivaled luxuriunce of 
pastures, the fertility of its wide-spread plains 
1 the excellence of its cattle, were themes 
elt upon by Israel. From the accounts of re. 
it travelers, we learn that remnants of the oak 
Ibrcsis siill clothe the mountain sides, the^plains and 
stures are rich to-day; and, although the flocks and 
lierds have been greatly thinned, yet, such as remain 
may be properly described in the words of Ezekiel as 
"all of iliem failings of Bashan." At one time, the 
land was thickly populated; and even to-day, though the moun- 
tains are ruiged and rocky, everywhere on their sides are the 
remains of old terraces, giving evidence of former cultivaiion. 
Heaps of loose stones also have been collected off the soil, and 
are now found piled up in the corners of the little fields. In 
the days of Bashan's glory, figtrees, olives and pomegranates 
were ranged along these tenarcs. 

Prophets of Israel, inspired by the spirit of God, warned the 
people what their fate would be if they did not keep the com- 
mandments of the Lord, just as the Elders of Israel in these 
days warn their countrymen and other nations of the near ap- 
proach of the judgments of God which will surely come upon 
them if they do not repent and forsake their wickednc-s and 
turn to God. Muses made many predictions to Israel concern- 
ing the fate that awaited them if they failed to obey the com- 
mandments of God. Alter telling them what a good land the 
Lord was about to give unto them — a land of brooks ol' water, 
of fountains that spring out of the valleys and hills; a land of 
wheat, barley, vines and figtrees and pomegranates; a land of 
oil, olives and honey; a land "wherein thou shalt eat biead 
without scarceness, thou shalt not lack anything in it." Yet 
he told them that, if they broke the commandments of God, 
the Lord would "make your cities waste and bring your sane 
tuaries unto desolation. I will bring the land into desolation; 
?nd your enemies, which dwell therein, shall be astonished 
at it." In another place he said: "The generation to come of 
your children that shall lise up alter you. and the stranger that 
shall jome from a far land, shall say, when ihfy see the plagues 
of that land and the sicknesses which the Lord liath laid upon 
it; 'Wherefore hath the ]>ord done thus unto this land? What 
rueaneth the heat of this great anger?" 

Israel was brought forth into such a land as Moses described 
Palestine was a good land to them, and they flourished and 
grew mighty and spread abroad. The Lord gave them victory 
over their enemies, and probably they thought that they would 
never be moved therefrom. But the Lord had spoken and His 
words could not tail. When they transgressed, He scourged 



them and sent His Prophets to warn them; they did not regard 
their warnings for any 1 ngth ot time. They turned to their 
idols and their wickedness; and, when He sent His only begot- 
ten Son, they crucified Him, and would not have Him reign 
over thcui. They little thought, when Jeremiah, Ezekiel and 
Isaiah and the other prophets, whom they persecuted and slew, 
told them what their fate would be, that their words would be 
fulfilled to the very letter. You may know the feelings of the 
people at that time by learning the feelings of the people of 
the United States at the present day towards the Elders of I=. 
rael who go forth to warn them of the judgments that the At- 
mighly has in store for those who disobey His laws. The 
nation is great and powerful. It has arrived at a high pitch of 
glory; and it thinks it is equal to any power on the earth; and 
when the poor, despised Latter-day Saints — the Elders — pre- 
dict their overthrow, they are looked upon by most of the peo- 
ple as miserable fanatics and they are laughed to .scorn. But; 
their words will be fulfilled. All the piedictions that the El- 
ders utter concerning the nation and the desolation that awaits 
it, unless the people repent, will be fulfilled, just as the predic- 
tions of the ancient prophets have been fulfilled. 

A modern writer who has visited Bashan, has given us a 
description of that land. He says: 

"1 confess it was vvilli feelin-s of awe f looked from time to 
lime, out liver tliose ilesnlale but Mill LieHuiilul slopes, lo tliat 
iiinie fiesolale plain. I t,iiew vvlial ciosHd ilie ilesoiaiioii, Tbe 
silf nee, toil, awfcj me yet inm-e; lor it, was pi olnuiid. Tlie voice 
fif rialu re il>el f was Inisliei!; and iiuL a leaf in llie loi'est j- us tied, 
'J'liei e was no plowman in Uie tield, no sbepberd on tbe hill- 
side, no tfoek nil ibe pasture, no wannii or wayfarer on tbe 
road. Yet llieie was a time wbeu tlie land teemed with an in- 
iliisi rious, bnsi ling and a joyous piipulalion Many of the peo- 
ple of tbose da\ s, dun bl less i.li(uiglil that the prophets Were but 
nlodiiiy Ureaiiiers; bur with my own eyes I saw that time has 
changed every prediction into a historic fact," 

He says that, were the same holy men inspired now by the 

same divine spirit, to desciibe the actual state of Palestine, 

they could not possibly' select language more appropriate or 

more graphic than that found in their own predictions written 

thousands of ytars ago The traveler says: 

"Tbe fields are wasted, tbe roads deserted, the cities aban- 
doned, tbe bouses vvilhiiut iiiliabitants, the sanctuaries dese- 
crated, the viueyards orchards and groves destroyed." 

To give you a still further idea of the condition of that land, 
and how perfectly the words of the Lord through His prophets 
have been fulfilled, we will quote from this writer's statements: 

■'I cannot tell bow deeply I was impressed when looking 
out liver thai noble plain, rivaling in richness of soil the best 
of Eiiiiland's counties, thickly studded with cities, towns and 
villages, intersected with roails, having one of tbe finest climntes 
in the world; and j'et utterly deserted, literally ^'without man, 
wit/ioul inhabitant, and without beast' (Isa. xxxiii. 10). I can- 
iHittell with what uiuigled teelings of sorrow a 'd of y-y, nf 
mourning and of thanksgiving, of fear and of faith, I reliected 
ou tlie h'stnry of that land; and, taking out my Bible, cnmpareJ 
its existing state, as seen with my own eyes, with tbe uuuier- 
ous predictions regarding it written by tbe Hebrew prophets. 
Ill their day, it was populous and prosperous; the fields waved 
with corn; the hill- sides werecuvered with flocks and herds; the 
hisliways were thronged with wayfarers; tbe cities resounded 
with the continuous din of a busy population. And yet they 
wrote as if they bad seen tlie land as I saw it from the ramparts 
ofliuzrah. , The spirit of the oinniscient God alone could have 
guided tlie band that penned such predictions as these: 'Then 
said I, Lord, how long? And he answered. Until the cities be 
wasted without inhabitant, and the houses without man, and the 
land be utteiiy desolate, and the Lord hath removed men far 
away, and there be a great forsaking in the midst of the land.'' 
(Isa vi. ii, 12). 

In foriner times, a garrison was maintained in the castle of 
B izrab tjt the Pasha of Uainascus, lor tbe purpose of delen t^ 
ing tbe so.itliein sections of Bashan from the periodical incur- 
sions of the Uedouin. It has been withdrawn for many years. 
Tbe 'Destroyer of the tieutiles' can now come up unrestrained, 
'ilie spoilers' can now 'come upon tte high places through the 
wilderness,' and the sword now 'devours fioin the one end of 
ihe land even unto the other end of the land' (Jer. xii. 12); the 
cuii s rt?-e 'without inbabiiant,' tlie bouses are 'without man,' 
the laud w 'utterly desolate,' judgment has come upon it all 



i$^^s«- 



XT^ 



^ 



!^ 



J" TJ ^ E I^ I 31. El H^STI^/TJOTOI^. 



1£9 r/i^«' 



far and near; in a woni, the wSolb op BasHan and Moab 

IS ONE tiBKAT FULFILLED PROPHECY." 

The difference between the predictions of the ancient proph- 
ets and '.hose which the Lord inspires His servants to make in 
this our day, is this: that the ancient predictions have many of 
them required hundreds of years to be fulfilled; but in the last 
days, the Lord has said that He will cut His work short in 
righteousness and the desolation and war and misery with 
which the Almighty threatens the inhabitants of this land if 
they will not repent, but continue to fight against His Zion, 
will be speedily fulfilled, and their land will be wasted, their 
cities will be made desolate, and the people will fall victims to 
the scourges that shall be sent forth amongst the wicked. 
How thankful ought the Latter-day Saints and their children 
to be to the Lord for having revealed unto them the truth, 
built up His Church and opened a way of deliverance for them i 
from the calamities which are to be poured out upon the na- 
tions of the earth! 



.A-ISTEOIDOTES OF IDOO-S. 

A gentleman who had a splendid Newfoundland dog, was 
riding with a friend one day, when the dog became the 
subject of conversation. Having praised the qualities of his 
favorite very highly, the owner assured his companion that 
Nero would, upon receiving the order, return and fetch any 
article he should leave behind, from any distance. To confirm 
this, a marked shilling was first shown to the dog, and then 
put under a large square stone, by the side of the road. The 
gentleman then rode for three miles when the dog received the 
signal from his master to return for the shilling he had seen 
put under the stone. The dog turned back, the gentlemen rode 
on, and reached home; but, to their great surprise, the hitherto 
faithful messenger did not return during the day. It appeared 
afterwards that he had gone to the stone under which the shil- 
ling was placed, but it being too heavy for his strength to 
remove, he had staid back, howling at the place until two gen 
tlemen on horseback, hearing the noise made by the dog, 
stopped to look at him, when one of them alighting, removed 
the stone, and, seeing the shilling, put it into his pocket, not 
thinking it to be the object of the dog's search. The dog fol- 
lowed them for twenty miles, remained quiet in the room where 
they supped, followed the chamber-maid ^_^ 

into the bed-chamber, and hid himself ^j 

under cne of the beds, where the travel- 
ers afterwards slept. The possessor of 
the shilling hung his pants upon a nail 
by the bedside; but when they were both 
asleep, the dog took the pants in bis 
mouth, and leaping out through the win- 
dow, which was left open on account of 
the warmth, reached the house of his 
master at four o'clock in the morning, 
with his prize, in the pocket of which 
were found, besides the shilling, a watch 
and money, which, upon being adver- 
tised, were returned to the owner; when 
the whole mystery was explained to the 
admiration of all the parties. 

One day, a shepherd, on going to bis 
flock, which was feeding on the higher 
portions of the Grampian Hills (Scot- 
land) took his little, three-year-old boy 
with him, as well as his dog. The fath- 



of a sudden, a thick fog came on. The anxious father instant- 
ly hastened back to find his child; but it was so dark, he could 
not see him, and unfortunately he missed his way. After a 
search of many hours among the caverns and holes in the 
mountains, he was at length overtaken by night. Still wander- 
ing on, he discovered by the light of the moon that he had 
reached the bottom of the valley, a short distance fiom his cot- 
tage. He hoped that the child had gone home, but when he 
inquired, he found his wife had not seen him. To renew the 
search that night was equally fruitless and dangerous He was 
therefore obliged to remain where he was, having lost both his 
child and his dog which had attended him faithfully for years. 
Next morning by day-break, the shepherd, accompanied by a 
band of his neigfbors, set out in search of his child; but, after 
a day spent in fruitless fatigue, they were at last compelled by 
the approach of night to descend the mountain. On returning 
to his cottage, the shepherd found that the dog had been home 
and, on receiving a piece of cake, hnd instantly gone off again. 
For several days, the search was kept up, but without success, 
the dog coming home every day, and, on receiving the piece of 
cake, iuimediately running off agan. Struck with this Mngi'. 
lar circumsiance, the shepherd stopped at home one day, and 
when the dog came, and was about to start off, he followed him, 
determined to find out the cause of its strange conduct. The 
dog led the way to a waterfall, at some distance from the spot 
where the shepherd had left his son. The shepherd stepping 
from crag to crag, crossed the rnai ing stream. The dog at last 
disappearing into a cave, the mouth of which was almost upon 
a level with the torrent. The father with difficulty followed, 
but, on entering the cave, what was his joy, when he beheld 
his boy eating the cake which the dng had brought him, while 
the faithful animal stood by watching his young master with 
love and pleasure in his looks. From the situation in which 
the child was found, it was surmised that he must have wan- 
dered to the brink of the precipice and have either fallen or 
scrambled down, and the fear of the torrent prevented his re- 
turning. There the dog liad traced him, and there he kept 
watch by night and day, only leaving hiin when he went to 
fetch his own daily allowance which he gave to the boy, and 
had thus saved him fiom a shucking death by starvation. 
What an example of self-sacrifice and fiiithfuhiess! 

Our picture represents another noble dog saving his young 
master from being frozen to death. The story is as follows: 
i=^*js==^ ''During a severe snow-storm, a little 

^fa^^ ^^ boy in Milwaukie, while attempting to 

recover his cap which had been blown 
off into a snow-drift, became so deeply 
involved in the snow as to become ex- 
hausted, and being soon covered up by 
the drift, would have perished but for a 
favorite dog. 

This animal becoming uneasy at his 
prolonged absence from home, set out in 
search of him, and having discovered 
where he was, returned heme, and by bis 
eager animal appeals, induced a servant 
of the family to accompany him to the 
spot, where, by digging away the snow, 
the little fellow was discovered; rnd, 
though almost frozen, recovered on being 
carried home. The joy of the dog on 
finding the litt'e fellow rescued anl in 
safety, was touching in the extreme." 

A gentleman named iMacaire, an ofii- 

cer of the body-guard of Charles X., of 

er left theai alouj while he lojicej after so.ue sheep, when all I France, very much hated another gentleman, named Au- 







^ 190 



J 



CTTJ^EIN-ILE IITSTI^TJCT O.IS. 



')fe? 



^f 



^ 






li'V de Montdidier. These two having met in the Forest of 
Bondis, near Paris, Macaire cruelly murdered Lis brother offi- 
cer, and buried him in a ditch. MontJidier was accompanied 
at the time bj' a grayhound, who was much attached to him. 
The dog lay down on the grave of its master, and there re- 
mained till hunger compelled it to lise. It then went to one 
of Aubry de Montdidier's dearest fiiends, by whom it was wel- 
comed warmly, and fed. As soon as its hunger was apiica^ed, 
the dog went away. For several days this coming and going 
was repeated, till at last, the peop'e became curious to know 
where the dog went. The dog was followed, and was seen to 
lie down on some newlv-turned-up eanh. They due at this 
spot, and found there the body of Aubiy de iMonlJidier. It 
was rai.sed and taken to Paris. The dog now attached itself to 
the kind friend who had given it shelter. While attending on 
him, it chanced several times to get a sight of Jlacaire, and on 
every occasion it sprang upon him. This deep hatred on 
the part of the animal aroused a suspicion that Macaire had 
had some share in Montdidier's murder. King Charles V., on 
being informed of the circumstances, caused Macaire and the 
dog to be brought before him, and beheld the animal again 
sprins upon the object of its hatred. The king feeling assured 
that the conduct of the dog was based on some guilty act of 
I\Iacaire, ordered a combat to take place between the officer and 
b's dumb accuser. This combat took place on the i.-le of Notre 
Pame at Paris, in presence of the whole court. The king al- 
Inwed JIacaire to have a strong club, while, on the other hand, 
the dog was permitted to have an empty cask into which it 
could retreat. The dog sc' med peifectly aware of its duty. 
For a short time, it leaped around Macaire, and then it fast- 
encf] itself upon his throat. He would have been strangled, 
h.id he not cried for mercy and avowed his crime. The dog 
wa- pulled from off him. He was only liberated from its teeth 
to pnrish by the hands of the law. This dog has been usually 
ca' I'd the Dog of Montargis, from the combat having taken 
place at the ehateau of Montargis. 

G. R. 



OOTTOiT :M:.A.IsrTJ:FJ^OTTJI?/E. 

From "TEitTMPHS OF Invention and Discoveky."— 
Published by T. Nelson & Sons, London. 



SAMUEL CROMPTON. 

EXCELLENT as was the yarn produced by the spinning-jen- 
ny and the water-frame, compared with the old hand-spun 
stuff, it was coarse and full of knots; and when a demand arose 
for imitations of the fine India muslins, the weavers found 
they could produce but a very poor piece of work with such 
rough materials. 

Among those who were put about for want of a better sort 
of yarn was young Samuel Crompton, who lived with his wid- 
owed mother and two sisters in an old countrj' house called 
I! i'' in-tl'.e-Wood, near what was then the little rural town of 
I? ''tiiii in the Moors. When Samuel was only five j'cars old 
his fuller died, and left his widow with the three children on 
her li;mds, to struggle through the world as best she could. A 
liu'.i wui king, energetic, God-fearing woman, she buckled to 
the fi-'ht with a stout heart and a resolute will. Her husband 
had been both farmer and weaver, like most of the men in that 
Huarler; and she did her best to fill his place, looking after the 
liu'e farm and the three cows, and working at the loom, the 
yam for which she taught the bairns to spin. Whatever .she 
took in hand she did with might and main, and the result was 
her wous were the best woven, her bu'.ter the richest, her honey 



the purest; her home-made wines the finest flavored of any in 
the district. Small as her means were, she gave her boy the 
best education that could be got in Rolton — first at a day-school, 
and afterwards, when he was old enough to take his place by 
day between the treadles, at a night school. Rigid in her sense 
of duty, and resolute to do her own share of the work, she ex- 
acted the same from others, and kept her lad tightly to the 
loom. ?]very day he had to do a certain quantity of work; and 
there was no looking her in the face unless each eveiiing saw it 
done, and well done too. Anxious to satisfy his mother, and 
yet get time for his favorite amusement of fiddle-making and 
fiddle-plajing, Sam grew cjuiekly sensitive of the imperfections 
of the machinery he had to work wiih. "He was plagued to 
decaih," he u^cd to s.iv, "wi'. mendin' th' broken threeads;'' 
and could not help thinking many a time whether the jenny 
could not be impioved so as to spin more quickly, and produce 
a better thread. By the lime he came to man's estate, in JT74, 
his thoughts had sciili J so I'ar into a track that he was able to 
begin making a coniilvauee of his own, which he hoped would 
aceomjili-h ihe object "he had in view. He bad a {'cvi common 
tools which Lad belonged to his father, but his own clasp knife 
served nearly eveiy puiposeinhis ready hands. He had Lis 
"biisof things" filed at the smithy, and to get money for m^ 
terials, he fiddled at the theater for Is. 6d. a night. Every 
minute he could spate from the task-woik uf the day was sj tut 
ill his little room over the porch of the hall in forwarding his 
invention. As it advanced, he grew more and more engroa-ed 
with it, and often the dawn found him still at work on it. The 
good folks down in Bolton were sorely puzzled to think what 
light it was that was so often seen glimmering at uncanny hours 
up at the old hall. The story went abroad that the place was 
haunted, and that the ghost of some former resident, uneasy 
from the sorrows or the sins of his past life, kept watch and 
ward till cock crow, with a spectral lamp. The mystery was 
cleared up at last. It was discovered that the ghost was only 
Sam Crompton "fashing himself over bits of wood and iron;" 
and Sam was pointed out as a "conjuror"— the cant term for 
inventor — when he walked through the town. 

The five years of labor and anxiety bore fruit in 1779, when 
the "mule" with its spindle carriage was finished and set to 
work. As its name indicates, it was an ingenious cross between 
the jenny and the water-frame, combining the best features of 
both; with several novel ones, which rendered it a very valu- 
able machine. 

Just as Crompton had put the finishing touches to his mule, 
the weavers and spinners broke out in open riot at Blackburn, 
and scoured the country with the cry, "Men, not machines;" 
breaking every machine they could lay hands on. To keep 
himself out of trouble and save his mule, Crompton took it to 
pieces and hid it in the roof of the hall. W hen the storm had 
swept past, he brought it out, put it together, and began to use 
it in his daily work. The fine yarn he turned out made quite 
a sensation, and the fame of his invention spread far and wide. 
People came from all quarters to get a sight of it; and when 
denied admittance, brought ladders and harrows, and climbed 
up to the window of the room where it stood. One pertina- 
cious fellow actually ensconced himself for several days in the 
cockloft, from which he watched Crompton at work in the 
room below, through a gimlet-hole he bored in the ceiling. 
Ciompion lost all patience with this constant espionage. "Why 
couldn't folks let him enjoy his machine by himself?" he asked, 
A IViend, whose advice he asked, uiged him not to think of 
taking out a patent, but to make a present of his invention to 
the community at large. Save me from my friends, Crompton 
might well have cried. Simple, guileless fellow that he was, 
he acted on his "friend's" advice, and on a number of manu- 



^^rt 



ifc 



m 



=^ 



^tr:. 



CrTJ^El^HLiE IIsTSTI^TJaTOI?. 



19. 



facturers putting down their names for subscriptions varying 
from a guinea to a crown, threw open the invention to the 
world. When the time came for the subscriptions to be called 
in, some ef the manufacturers actually were base enough to re- 
fuse payment of the paltry sums they had promised, and over- 
whelmed with abuse, the man, by the fruit of whose brain they 
were making their fortunes. When all the money was collected, 
it amounted to only £60, just as mucli as built Crompton a new 
machine, with no more than four spindles. 

Shy, simple, confiding, innocent of the cunning ways of the 
world, sadly backward in the study of mankind, and peihaps 
somewhat uncongenial and unpractised to boot, Ciomptop, 
from the time when one would have thought he had set his 
foot on the first round of the ladder of fortune, went stumbling 
on from one misfortune to another, ill-used on every ^ide, and 
unsuccessful in every effort to get on in the world. Wheedled 
out of his patent rights, cheated of the money promised him, 
his workmen lured away from him as soon as he had taught 
them the construction of the mule, he grew morbid and dis- 
trustful of every one. He would have no mere workmen, and 
as the production of his machines was thus restricted to the 
labors of his own hands, he could not compete with the large 
factories, who drew all the customers away from him. Peel, 
the father of the statesman, offered him first a lucrative place 
of trust, and afterwards a partnership; but he would not listen 
to him. He grew more wretched and discouraged every day. 
In despair, he cut up his spinning machines, and hacked to 
pieces with an ax, a carding machine he had invented, exclaim- 
ing bitterly, "They shall not have this too." 

He then retired into comparative obscurity at Oldham, where 
he drudged away at weaving, farming, cow-keeping, and over- 
seeing the poor, and found it no easy matter withal to support 
his famiJy, for he had married some years before. Afterwards 
he re-appeared at Bolton as a small manufacturer; and there 
was a brief interval of sunshine. The muslin trade was very 
brisk, and the weavers walked about with five-pound notes 
stuck in their hats, and dressed out in ruffled shirts and top 
boots, like fine gentlemen. While this lasted, Crompton found 
abundant sale for his superior j'arn. But trade grew depressed, 
and the gloom settled over Crompton's life to its close. 

The idea was started of getting Parliament to do something 
for him, but he was too independent to supplicate government 
officials in person. Spencer Perceval, the Chancellor of the 
Exchequer, was willing to befriend him; but Crompton's ill 
luck was at his heels. On the 11th of May, 1812, Crompton 
was talking with Peel and another gentleman in the lobby ol 
the House of Commons, when Perceval walked up (o then), 
saying, "You will be glad lo know we mean to propose £20,- 
000 for Crompton. Do you tiiink it will be salisl'aclory? 
Cromjiton walked away out of delicacy not to hear the answer. 
An instant al'icrwaids, there was a great shout, and a rus-h of 
people in alarm. Perceval lay bathed in his own blood, slain 
by the bullet of the assassin Bellingham. Crompton Lad lost 
his friend. 

When the subject of a grant to the inventor of the spinning- 
mule was brought uj) in the House a few days afterwards by 
Lord Stanley (now Ijord Derby), only £5000 was proposed. No 
one thouiiht of increasing it. "Let's give the man a £100 
a-ycav," said an honoiable member; "it's as much as ho can 
diink." So the vote was agreed to; though at that very lime 
the duly acciuing to the revenue from the cotton impoitcd 
to be spun upon the mule was £300,000 a-year, or more than 
£1001.1 a working day. The impulse which this invention gave 
to the cotton manufai fures of Great Britain, and the conjmcr- 
cial prosperity to which it led, enabled the country to bear the 
heavy drain of the war taxes; and it has been said, with no 



little truth', that Crompton contributed as much as Wellington 
to the downfall of Napoleon. As soon as it became known, 
the mule-spindle took the lead in cotton-spinning machines. 
In 1811, above 4,000,000 mule-spindles, made by his pattern, 
were in use. A.t the present time, it is calculated that there 
are upwards of 30,000,000 in use in Great Britain; and the in- 
crease goes on at the rate o: about 1,000,000 a-year. In France 
there were in 1850 aboui. 3,000,000 spindles on Crompton's 
principle; and one firm of mule-makers (Hibbert, Piatt & Co., 
ol'Oldham), make mules at the rate of oOl I, t»00 spindles a-year. 
The immense impetus given to trade, money, civilization, and 
comfort by this invention is almost incalculable. 

The grant of £5000 was soon swallowed up in the payment of 
his debts, and in meeting the losses of his business. "Nothing 
more was ever done for him. The king, who was fond of pa- 
tronizing merit, took no notice f f him; his eldest son was prom- 
ised a commission, which he did not get; and some time alter, 
when struggling through life on only £100 a-year, the post of 
sub-in-pector of the factories in Bolton became vacant; though 
he applied for the office, for which he was eminently qualified, 
he was passed over in favor of the natural son of one of the ex- 
secretaries of state — a man who did not know a mule from a 
spinning-jenny." 

Crompton spent his last days in poverty and privation, and 
died at the age of seventj'-four, in 1827. 



plapaj[ifi(i» 



Correction,— At tbe end of the fourth line ofthes-pcond par- 
agraph in the Biograph3' of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, which 
appears in the last number of llie Jovkn'ile iNSTuucroR, the 
wofil '■organizecr'' appears instead t>( "oiigitiatcd." The sen- 
tence should read; "His wife Emma and his sons say that it 
was tlie Twelve who onr/iuated the revelation; tint here we 
have ilie lesiimony of men who sought Joseph's life, because 
he had received this revelaliun." 






THE 



PvEAiMS are frequently given by the Lord 
to His people to warn them offutuie 
events. It was by me; ns of a dream that 
Joseph, tlie reputed lather of Jesus, was 
warned to leave Gallilee and flee into 
E?ypt, because Herod was going to slay 
all the male children. Dreams have fre- 
(ucntly be, n a means of warning jieojile con- 
cerning the future. During the time of 
h we wi ite, Josei)h had a remarkable dream, 
•h he related in public. 

e dreamed he was riding in liis carriage and 

cuaiilian angel was along with him. They 

-ed tlie 1'cniple, and shortly afterwards, saw 

;e snakes locked fast together, so fast that 

of them had any )iower. Joseph enquired of 

de wliat he was to understand by that; to 

s guide answered: 

"These siKikcs leprtsent Doctor Foster and Chauncey L. 

Higbee. They are your enemies, and desire to ilo.-troy you; 

but you see they are so fust locked together that they have no 

[owcr ol' themselves to huit you." 




rf>^ 



ye* 



^. 



19S 



JU^EH^IXjE iitsti^.tjctoi?.. 



He tlien thought that he was riding up a street in NiJuvooj 
called Mulholland street, but his guardian angel was not with 
him. On arriving at the prairie, he was overtaken and seized 
by William and Wilson Law and others, who said: 

"Aha! aha! we liave got j-ou at last! We will secure j'ou 
and put you in a sate place!" 

They dragged him out of his carriage, tied liis hands behind 
him, and threw him into a dry pit, where he rcnjaiiied in a per- 
fectly helpless condition, and they went awa3'. While he was 
s-truggling to get out, he heard Wilson Law screaming for help, 
close to the pit. Joseph managed to free himself so as to be 
ab'e to make a spring, and he caught hold of some grass which 
grew at the edge of the pit. On looking out of the pit, he saw 
AVilson Law at a little distance attacked by ferocious wild 
leasts; and heard him cry out: 

"0, brother Joseph, come and save me!" 

Jo<e|h replied: 

"I cannot; for you have put me into this deep pit." 

On looking out another way, be saw William Law with out- 
stretched aims, blue in the face, with green jioison forced out 
of his mouth, caused by the coiling of a large snake round his 
body. It had also seized him by the arm, a little above the el- 
Low, ready to devour him. In the intensity of his agony, he 
cried out: 

"O, brother Joseph, brother Joseph, come and save Die, or 
I die!" 

Joseph replied to him: 

''I cannot, William; I would willingly, but you have tied me 
and put me in this pit, and I am powerless to help ycu or to 
liberate myself."* 

In a short time after, his guide came and said aloud: 

''Joseph! Joseph! what are you doing there?" 

He replied; 

"xMy enemies fell upon me, bound me and threw me in." 

He then took him by the hand and drew him out of the pit, 
set him free; and he then went away rejoicing. 

We well recollect the impression which the relation of this 
dream made upon the people who heard it. Every one of the 
Ijaints could understand the meaning of the dream so far as 
AVilliam and Wilson Law were concerned, for they had placed 
it beyond Joseph's power to help them by their wicked con- 
duet; but the people could not understand all the dream. It 
■ was not all clear to their minds what was meant by those two 
men and their dragging Joseph out of his carriage and binding 
his hands fast, and casting him into a pit. Although Joseph 
spoke frequently about the Twelve bearing off the Kingdom 
and taking additional responsibility, speaking as though he 
was about to leave them; still, no one supposed that he was 
going to die, and this dream was not generally interpreted in 
that manner. As we proceed with our history, however, you 
will see how truthfully it was fulfilled. The enemies bound 
him, cast him into a pit, and it seemed as though his guardian 
angel was not with him when they did it. That part has been 
fulfilled; but the remainder of the dream, concerning the two 
men who had betrayed him, who once had been his friends, 
will be fulfilled, and they will yet find themselves in a condition 
where they will need his help; but he will be in a position 
where he cannot assist them, iu consequence of their acts to- 
wards him in the past. 

It is a terrible thing for a man to consent to the death oi 
God's anointed — -to shed innocent blood, or to be accessory 
thereto. It were better for such a man never to have been 
born, or if a millstone had been tied around his neck and he 
had been cast into the depths of the sea; for such a sin can 
never be forgiven in this world nor in the world to come; and 
the heaviest of woes are pronounced upon those who commit 



' such crimes. The men who were guilty of this crime towards 
him, placed it out of Joseph's power to render them the aid 
which they will yet require. 




ntgittal i^o^fpu* 



Ji^or the Juvenile Instructor. 



Little Annie clung to ber mother's side, 

And tbe tear-drops stood in her eye, 
As she saw the earth wrapp'd in its wintry pride, 

And heard the cold blast move by. 
The mother said, as she kiss'd ber child, 

"My darling has nothing to tear; 
Though the storui without is fierce and wild, 

It never can enter here. 
Our house is beautiful, nice and warm, 

With the lire's bright cbeerliil blaze: 
Your father provides for you well; like a charm 

You shall spend the wintry days." 
"Yes, mother, your child knows your words are true," 

1 be dear loving Anuie replied; 
I have all that I need, — I have lather and you. 

By whom every want is supplied. 
But I'm thinking of poor little Carrie and Ned: 

Their house is so shabby and old, — 
Their mother is sick and their lather dead, — 

That I think they are hungry and cold. 
They live in that house by the big tall oak 

Which the frost and winds have made bare; 
I've watched the chimney and »ee no smoke 

Kise up on the stormy air. 
No kind lather's footsteps are ever heard 

On that threshold where orphans tread — 
No father's lips with a loving word, 

Nor his hand to provide them bread." 
This short speech was made without guile or art; 

Jt was love's sweet, innocent strain; 
The appeal was made to a mother's heart. 

And It was not made in vaio. 
The mother in haste euvelop'd her form, 

With sympathy warm in her breast: 
Kiss'd the daughter good-bye, and braved the storm. 

To rescue the poor distressed. 
Her purse was large and her hands not slack, 

And the old house was till'd with joy; 
And Annie's heart, when her mother came back, 

Beat with pleasure without alloy. E. R. S. 



Ib published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory 
lEVERY OTHER SATURDAY! 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A. PUBLISHER. 



ISinyle Copy, per Annum,' ••• 
Single Copy, for Six Months* 



.$3 00 
■ 150 



4^ Tt is expected where agents forward names they will be responsible 
for Ihe papers thus ordered; and when Cash payments are made, they will 
pleaseforward them with tbe letter containing the names oi the subscribers. 

*3- Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Insthlttor will be 
]Cceived at the office of our paper— Dicsti.tT Jitws H'Jildinos, 



'?. 




