
VOL. XVII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 1882. 



NO. 



JOSEPH OF ARIMATH^EA 



"111 TE wish to take our readers in the vision of their minds 
* '/ to Calvary, on the dreadful day when all nature shook 
and trembled as the spirit of the Son of God passed from its 
earthly tabernacle into the unseen world. It is now evening, 
the sun is near the horizon, and the Jewish Sabbath day is at 
hand. And this Sabbath is one of unusual importance, in 
that it is also the Passover. The Jews have taken every care 



to prevent the pollution of a day so holy. No sooner are the 
three victims, who are hanging on the crosses, assuredly dead, 
than their bodies must be moved. With regard to their 
burial, they have given no thought or care; that must depend 
on the kindness of friends, or be left to chance, as the manner 
in which they are hurried in malefactors' nameless graves. 
Jesus is left to the last. One of His disciples, Joseph of 




'Glil-'- 



ee 



J-TJ^ElIsrilljE HN'ST-RTJOTOie/. 



ss 



Arimathsea, a man of spotless life and of much wealth, had 
gone to beg his bod}'. Through weakness of faith and for 
fear of the Jews, until now. he has not openly confessed his 
faith in Jesus as the Son of God; but grown bolder 
in the hour of tribulation he seeks an audience with Pilate, 
and requests that the body, still hanging on the accursed tree, 
be given to him for burial. His request is granted, for he is 
a man of influence. He quickly returns to the place of 
execution, and tenderly removes the wounded body from the 
cross and wraps it in a long jiiece of fine linen, while another 
secret disciple, also a master in Israel, Nieodenuis by name, 
brings a magnificent gift of myrrh and perfumed aloe wood, 
and the two hastily prepare the body of the Redeemer for the 
sepuk-hre. He who has just died as a felon, is being buried 
like a king; the projihetic words of I.^aiah are being fulfilled : 
"He made his grave with the wicked and with the rich in his 
death." 

Joseph has beforetime purchased a piece of garden ground 
near Calvary, and has there hewn a sepulchre, that when he 
dies he may be buried near the holy city. Like other right- 
eous Jews, he desires to lay his body near the sacred precincts 
of the temple. Now that his Savior is dead he resigns to 
Him the tomb he had designed for himself, and unto this 
rock-hewn grave wherein no dead body had yet been placed 
he conveys the corpse of the Lord. It is carefully laid inthe 
place duly prepared, and a large .stone is rolled in front of the 
cave, while some faithful women from Galilee sit by and 
sorrowfully watch for what the future may bring forth. 

Tlie scene thus pictured took place more than eighteen 
hundred years ago; but through it the name of Joseph of 
Arimath.Ta has been handed down with feelings of respect 
and kindness from generation to generation with all who love 
the Lord. Of his personal life wc know nothing, escejit of 
its purity and virtue. 3Iark calls him an honorable counselor, 
and it is generally supposed that he belonged to the Jewish 
Sanhedrim, but he did not countenance their crime when they 
sought the life of Jesus. It is also believed that when he 
obeyed the gospel the Priesthood of a Seventy was conferred 
upon him. 

There is a pretty tradition connected with Joseph, but how 
true it is we have no means of telling. It is to the effect 
that the enraged Jews shut him in prison because he had 
shown such care and affection for the Savior's body; but 
that Jesus, becau-^e of this loving act, as soon as he was 
resurrected went without delay and delivered Jo.seph from 
his confinement. 

Our picture represents the Arimath;ea of modern times, 
since the Moslem gained pos.session of the Holy Land. 
AriniatluPi is said to be the .same place as Ramah, where 
Samuel dwelt. If .so, it is five miles north of Jerusalem, 
on the borders of Ephraiin and Benjamin. Luke calls it a 
city of the Jews. Nowhere else is it mentioned in the 
scriptures except in connection with the burial of 
Redeemer by Joseph. It it now called Rameh. 

G. R. 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



the 



• '; nifj 



I T.\KK him to be the nrdy rich man that lives u)>on what he 
has, owes nothing, and is contented. For there is no determi- 
nate sum i>f money, nor (Hiantily of estate, that can deiiote a 
man rich, since no man i.s truly rich that has not so much a,-* 
perfectly satiates his. d&sire of having more. For the desire uf 
more is want, and want is poverty. — Ifoire. 



BY STREBEN. 



(.Continued from page 59). 

PARIS, containing nearly two million inhabitants at the 
present time, is supposed to have been founded previous 
to the time of Julius Cfesar, inasmuch as a portion of it now 
called the Isle of La Cite was even in the time of the Romans 
inhabited by a tribe of semi-barbarians. After the Romans 
had gained possession of it, they made it their headquarters, 
from which time it grew rapidly and soon was recognized as 
the metropolis of Gaul. 

It is useless for us to trace the growth of the city during 
the reign of the many kings and rulers of France, but suflice 
it to say that nearly eveiy monarch .'eemed to have the desire 
to do something in the way of beautifying the city; but prob- 
ably the pcr.son to whom the people are most inilebted for 
Paris in its present grandeur, is Napoleon III., who removed 
every remnant of the old city, made new and beautiful 
thoroughfares, restored and enlarged almost every public 
building and place, construe ed new bridges over the Seine 
River, which flows through the city, and did many other 
noble works which made the French metropolis the most 
attractive city in the world. 

The time which followed these days of improvement is, 
however, one long to be remembered by the French people. 
September 4th, 1870, the revolution overwhelmed the country. 
During the time of this disaster, Paris had to sustain one of 
the most remarkable sieges of modern times, terminating in a 
terrible bombardment. 

The city was destined to -see still greater troubles. On 
March 18th, 1871, the Commune was proclaimed and the city 
had to endure a second siege ; this time, however, from a 
French army. The Communists retained the supremacy dur- 
ing a period of seventy-three days, and the destruction of life 
and property, caused by these lawless individuals, forms a 
dark page in the history of the nation. The imperial army 
entered the city in triumph, and then, without any mercy, 
their opposers were seized wherever found and shot down in 
cold blood ; even one little innocent boy, who playfully carried 
a Communist flag in the street, fell dead, pierced with bullets 
from the guns of tlie imperial soldiers. Such scenes as were 
enacted during • this reign of terror in France, cannot be 
described in words, and even imagination fails to give a cor- 
rect idea of the bloody times. 

The French i)eoiilc feel that their beloved city, Paris, is now 
safe from the attacks of any enemy that may come against it. 
They also have good reasons for feeling secure, because the 
old fortifications around the city, which were considerably 
damaged in the last war, have been repaired and new forts 
have been erected at rnifficient distance from the city to keep 
the artillery of any enemy from approaching near enough to 
throw bombs into the place. The fortifications of Paris, 
cocsisting of ninety-four different bastions, extend all around 
the city, a distance of some twenty-nine mile.s. They were 
erected in 1841, by M. Thiers, at a cost of one hundred and 
fifty million francs. The ramparts, averaiiing thirty-three 
feet iu height, are encircled l)y a ditch eighteen feet deep and 
from fifty to one hundred and fifty feet broad. The entrances 
to the city are defended by sixteen detached forts. At the 
time of the la.-t war, fifteen thou.sand coast guns were on these 





^ 



J-TJ^EH^ILE IIsrSTI?.TJaTOI^. 



67 




fortifications; but notwilhstandiDK all this, the city fell into 
the hands of the Germans. 

The finest view of the city, as a whole, is to be had from 
the top of the Triumphal Arch of the Star, the finest and 
largest arch in the world. The beautiful panorama presented 
to the eye from this elevation baffle^ description. Eight 
broad, regular streets radiate from this structure in different 
directions, forming the star i'rom which the name is deiived. 
The houses extending in either direction almost as far as the 
eye can see, the many towers reaching far above the roofs of 
the buildings, and many other things combined, form a picture 
which is really grand. This arch, which is one hundred and 
sixty feet high, one hundred and forty seven feet broad and 
seventy- two feet thick, was commenced bj' Napoleon I., in 
1806, and was completed in 1836 Through this place the 
Germans passed on entering the city in 1871. 

The city of Paris, abounds in interesting sights, and as a 
brief description of a few of the most interesting that I 
visited may afford some interest, I proceed to give them : 

The zoological gardens are well worthy of a visit, because 
nearly ever kinds of animals from different parts of the earth 
are here on exhibition. These gardens are not, however, as 
extensive, nor are the animals contained therein as numerous, 
as those of the zoological gardens in London and Berlin. 
This is owing to the fact that in the French and German war, 
and more especially at the time of the siege of Paris, the 
flesh of all the.se animals was sold for food, the latter article 
be_ing so very scarce. The flesh of elephants, bears, camels, 
hippopotami, giraffes, lions and tigers, sold at five dollars 
(twenty-five franc) per pound, and even rats sold at forty and 
sixty cents each; everything that could be eaten was at that 
time greedily devoured. 

The spot on which the famous French prison of the Bas- 
tile stood, is marked by a bronze column, one hundred and 
sixty-five feet high, crowned by a large emblematical figure of 
liberty, with a flaming torch in one hand and a broken chain 
in the other. This is called the July Column, it having been 
erected in July, 1830, to commemorate the death of five 
hundred and four soldiers, who were killed while fighting for 
the liberty of the mother country. The remains of these 
per.sons are deposited in vaults beneath this column, and their 
names are inscribed on the column itself. The prison which 
formerly stood on this spot, is noted in history as being the 
place where some of the most bloody deeds on record were 
committed. 

Another noted column is that of the Vendome, which was 
built by Napoleon I., ISilC-lSlO, to commemorate the success 
of the French armies in Germany. This column is an 
imitation of the pillar of Trajan, at Rome. It is one hundred 
and thirty-five feet high, and consists of four hundred and 
twenty-five plates, made out of one thousand two hundred 
cannons captured fi-om the Russians and Austrians during a 
three mo ths' campaign in 181)-'). These plates are covered 
with more th»n two thousand has relief figures, three feet in 
height. 7 ., weight is one million eight hundred thousand 
pounds. It was partly destroyed by the Communists on 
April the 12th, IRTl , but was shortly afterwards restored. 

One of the principal attractions of Paris at the time I was 
there, was the Palace of Industry, which is a very large 
building, containing all the latest mechanical inventions from 
all parts of the world. The wonders of electricity interested 
me the most, and I was much surprised to see the progress 
which had been made in bringing this power into use. Minia- 
ture ship.", railroad trains, etc., were ])ropelled by electricity, 



and I even had the pleasure of riding on the street car for a 
short distance that had this propelling power. It would 
occupy too much time and space to enumerate the many 
articles which are in this building on exhibition, but suffice it 
to say that it is really remarkable to see what the ingenuity 
of man has accomplished. 

In my wanderings, I came to the world-renowned store of 
the Louvre, and, as the inspection of strangers is desired, I 
availed myself of the opportunity of seeing this immense 
business house in which almost any desired article can be 
purchased. An idea can probably be formed of the size and 
extensive business of this establishment, when it is known 
that two thousand six hundred persons are constantly employed 
in the same. The internal arrangements are such as to call 
forth the admiration of all business men; the cleiks aie 
obliging, kind, quick in tlitir movements and can attend to 
the wants of a great number of persons at the same time, so 
that customers are not uuder the necessity of spending 
valuable time in waiting for a clerk. 

I also visited the museum of the Louvre, which isan immense 
structure containing various objects of interest. On the first 
floor are many remains of ancient sculpture, as also an 
exhibition of the work of modern masters; and for one who 
is interested in the study of this art, I do not know where he 
could find anything more instructive. By ascending one 
flight of stairs we come into the rooms containing the paint- 
ings and drawings of the most renowned masters, both 
ancient and modern. The history of French wars can b« 
read here in the pictures which are presented to the gaze, 
and the bloody battle scenes being intermixed with land- 
scapes, pictures of home-life, etc., prepare a feast for the 
eyes of an admirer of painting. This was, for me, by far the 
most interesting part of the museum 

(7'o he Coiitiiuied.) 



HISTORY OF THE CHUHCiii. 



^Continued from, page 01). 



^^22t. 



EARLY in the month of September, commenced the 
memorable house-burning in Hancock County. The 
successful prosecution of the building of the Temple and the 
rapid strides made in erecting the Nauvoo House, seemed to 
tempt the cupidity of the neighbors of the Saints. The 
anti-"Mormons" realizing also that the murderers of Joseph 
and Hyrum were acquitted, that the city charter of Nauvoo 
was repealed and the Saints, in a manner, placed outside the 
protection of the law, did not hesitate to commit any outrage. 
At Lima and Yelrome they set fire to buildings and stacks of 
grain and fired upon Brother Clark Hulet and the children of 
Brother Durfee. 

When the news of the proceedings reached Nauvoo, the 
First Presidency sent to those places advising the people to 
ofier their property for sale to the mob, remove the women 
and children to Nauvoo as (|uickly as possible, and for the men 
to remain there quietly and watch the movements of the mob. 
In a letter to the president of the Yelrome Branch, President 
Young stated that "The object of our enemies is to get 
opposition enough to raise popular excitement, but we think 
it best to let them burn up our homes, while we take care of 
our families and grain." In accordance with his counsel the 
citizens of Yelrome proposed to the mob to sell them their 



-t/?Q 



m 



68 



CTTJ^IEinsrTLE] IIsTSTI^TJOTOK/, 



landed property and improvements, reserving only the crops, 
on which they were dependent for their bread, and take in 
payment cattle, wagons and such things as they could use in 
removing their families. But stiil the persecutions continued 
with the most diabolical persistency. Volunteers were called 
for in Nauvoo to go with their teams and assist in bringing in 
the families of the Saints from the isolated settlements where 
the mobbing was most violent, to that place ; in response to 
which, one hundred and thirty-five teams were sent forthwith. 

During this time, J. B. Backenstos, Esq., sheriff of the 
County, who on more than one occasion had proved himself 
a friend of the Saints, and disposed to maintain the peace, 
was doing all he could to quell the inclination to mob, which 
had become so prevalent. He even went to Warsaw and tried 
to raise a posse to stop the burning, but was unable to get a 
single man to assist him. 

About this time. Bishop George Jliller was arrested at 
Carthage on a charge of treason. An officer, with writs 
against President Young and the Twelve also, visited Nauvoo. 
The charges were for aiding and abetting Joseph Smith in 
treasonable designs against the State, for being officers in the 
Nauvoo Legion, for building an arsenal, for keeping cannon 
in times of peace, for holding a private council in Nauvoo 
and for holding corresi)ondence with the Indians. He, how- 
ever, left without making any arrest. 

Sheriff Backenstos wrote to President Young from Car- 
thage on the 15th, advising him to organize two thousand 
well armed men, and hold them in readiness for immediate 
service when he might call upon them ; and stated that he 
could not reasonably expect support from those citizens 
called "Jack Mormons." The term "Jack Mormons" was 
in those days applied to persons who did not belong to the 
Church but were friendly to its members. 

The course of President Young had been to suppress 
excitement among the people, that they might not be led to 
commit acts of aggression, for he wished the world at large 
to see who the real aggressors were. He was willing, for the 
sake of preserving peace, and as a means of gaining security 
and order for the time being, to agree with the mob to leave 
the State in the spring. At the same time, the Saints had 
observed the law, magnified the Constitution and done more 
towards developing the resources of the State than any or 
all the rest of its inhabitants. 

Notwithstanding the perilous condition of the Saints and 
the continued dei)redatious of their encuiies in the adjoining 
districts, in Nauvoo the people continued their labors upon 
the temple, determined to rear it at all hazards. The steeple 
and tower were completed by this time and preparations were 
tjcing made to hold the October Conference in it. Indeed, so 
great was the anxiety to comjilete it that it was decided that 
all the carpenters who could be obtained should be put to 
work at it immediately, while others should gather the harvest 
and attend to other labors. 

The persecutions of the mob were not confined to the 
members of the Church ; they were also felt by those who 
were favorable to them, and who wislied them to have their 
rights. Sheriff Backenstos, previously mentioned as being 
friendly to the Saints, rode into Nauvoo on the 10th of .Sep- 
tember, in great haste and appeared mtieh excited. On the 
previous day, he had been driven by the mob from his home 
in Carthage ; from which jilace he had gone to Warsaw, and 
.sought refuge for the night. There he learni'd that the njob- 
bers were very much enraged at him for trying to st(ip the 
burning of (iroperty, and they were determined to take his 



life if possible, and, in fact, that they had planned to waylay 
and kill him on his way to Nauvoo. On starting the next 
morning, he got a man to accompany him a portion of the 
way. Soon after they parted company, he (the .sheriff) saw 
a party of the mob pursuing him on horseback, and though 
he drove his horse as fast as he could, he riding in a buggy, 
they gained upon him in the chase, and one of them who 
rode the swiftest horse, would likely have overtaken him had 
his horse not fallen and thrown him. The mob now took a 
cut-off to intercept him, and gained on him so rapidly that 
they were within two hundred yards of the sheriff when he 
came up with 0. Porter Rockwell and John Redden, who 
were engaged in removing sick families into Nauvoo from 
the burnt district. They, seeing the sheriff coming down the 
hill towards them at such a frightful speed, called to him and 
asked what was the matter. He told them he was pursued 
by the mob, and commanded them in the name of the State 
to protect him. They replied they would do so, as they were 
well armed. The sheriff, encouraged by this, turned to the 
approaching mob and commanded them to stop, but as they 
paid no attention to the order, and continued to advance, 
apparently reckless and blood-thirsty, and raising their guns 
to fire at him, he ordered 0. Porter Rockwell to fire. Aim- 
ing at the clasp of the belt on the foremost man, the latter 
fired and simultaneously with the report of the gun the man 
fell from his horse. His comrades then stopped and cared 
for him, leaving the sheriff to proceed on his way. 
{To he Continued.) 



DANIEL. 



BY R. C. 




( Coiitiiiiied from putjc 55.) 

DANIEL said to the king, Nebuchadnezzar, "Thou art 
that head of gold"- — Babylon was the first and greatest 
of the kingdoms. He is called a king of kings. The breast 
of silver which should succeed the Babylonish empire is 
represented by that of the Medes and Persians, the two 
nations answering to the arms and shoulders of the image, 
and bound in one. Theodoretus writes of Cyrus, that wherever 
he marched through the earth, it was impossible for the 
nations to escape him. Two hundred years this Mcdo- 
Persian empire stood. 

The third kingdom, represented by the abdomen and thighs 
of bra.ss, known in history as the Grecian and Macedonian 
empire of Alexander the Great, in whom the spirit of con- 
(|uest reigned and wrought with amazing power. It was a 
little more than three hundred years before Chi'ist that he 
conquered the Medo-Persians and took possession of Baby- 
lon. It was Alexander who is said to have sat down and 
wept because there were no other nations to conquer. 

The fourth kingdom, strong as iron, signified by the legs, 
was represented by the eastern and western divisions of 
Rome. It did brui.se and break ; it crushed and conquered 
nations. It was under its despotic rule the Son of God 
was crucified. Jerusalem was destroyed, and the death 
scenes of martyred apostles were brought within the scope of 
its accursed tyranny. It had trodden down all nations. To 
plunder, rob, imprison, torture, murder and destroy were 
among the mightiest of its achievements. 




Then comes iron minRled with clay, forming the feet and 
toes. There is not a government now on the earth, but what 
is made up of this compounded pottery, showing the weak- 
ness of the present forms of government at this particular 
juncture of time. It is now a thousand yeai-s since the old 
imperial form of the Roman government broke up and 
became divided up into the petty kingdoms, which are still 
under the government and influence of some of the old 
Roman laws. "And in the days of these kings" (or king- 
doms) "shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which 
shall never be destroyed," etc. It is a government, a tangi- 
ble sovereignty, possessing power and dominion over the 
earth — an outward, not a spiritual kingdom as many believe. 
It is as much a kingdom as that of Babylon, Persia, Greece 
or Rome — a kingdom which the God of heaven sets up, not 
by any human wisdom, but brought forth by superhuman 
power. The stone is to smite the image and break it to 
pieces, and it is to become as the chaff of the summer threshing 
floor, and in a short time it, this .stone or kingdom, is to fill 
the whole earth and stand for ever, and of its glory and peace 
there shall be no end. , 

This kingdom, my young friends, is now organized by the 
God of heaven, and you who have been baptized into it, have 
become the subjects of that kingdom ; and as long as you 
are faithful to its laws and iis authority, you will witness that 
this stone will roll on, and nothing will be able to impede its 
growth and future greatness. It will arise and shine, and its 
power and glory, and the greatness of this kingdom shall be 
given to the Saints of the most high God. And truth shall 
triumph, wickedness be swept from the earth, and peace and 
righteousness reign with universal sway. 

The king had another startling dream. He saw a tree in 
the midst of the earth, the bight of which was very great. 
It grew and became strong and reached up to heaven, and the 
sight to the end of the earth. The leaves were fair, and the 
fruit plentiful, and it was meat for all. The beasts of the 
field had shadow under it, and the fowls of heaven dwelt in 
the boughs. He saw a watcher and an holy one come down 
from heaven, who said: "Hew down the tree, and cutoff' 
his branches, shake oif his leaves, and scatter his fruit: let 
the beasts get away from under it, and the fowls from his 
branches: nevertheless leave the stump of his roots, even 
with a band of iron and brass, in the tender grass of the 
field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let his 
portion be with the beasts in the grass of the earth : let his 
heart be changed from man's, and let a beast's heart be 
given unto him, and let seven times pass over him. This 
matter is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by 
the word of the holy ones: to the intent that the living may 
know that the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and 
giveth it to whomsoever He will." 

It appears that the king again sent for the sooth- 
sayers and wise men, and told the dream to them, but they 
did not make known the interpretation. At last, Daniel came 
in before him, and was told the dream. Daniel hesitated 
"for one hour, and his thoughts troubled him." But the 
king told him not to be troubled, but to give the interpre- 
tation without fear or alarm, and he did .so. 

Space will only permit a glance at its fulflllmont. A period 
of twelve months was given the king to break otl' his sins by 
righteousness, and his iniquities by showing mercy to the 
poor, as Daniel had previously forewarned him. 

While ho walked in the palace of his kingdom, the king 
spake, and said: "In not this great Babylon, (hat I have 



built for the house of my kingdom by the might of my 
power, and for the honor of my majesty?" Then fell a voice 
from heaven saying: "The kingdom is departed from thee. 
And they shall drive thee from men, and th}' dwelling shall 
be with the beasts of the field : they shall make thee to eat 
grass as oxen, and seven times shall pass over thee, until 
thou know that the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of 
men, and giveth it to whom.soever He will." The same hour 
was the thing fulfilled upon Nebuchadnezzar. He was 
driven from men and did eat grass as oxen, and his body was 
wet with the dew of heaven, till his hair even grew like 
eagles' feathers, and his nails like birds' claws. 

At the end of the days, his understanding and reason 
returned to him, and he blessed and praised the Most High. 
And his power and brightness returned unto him and 
his counselors and lords sought unto him. 

You can perceive, my young friends, that one slight touch 
from the hand of God made all Nebuchadnezzar's greatness 
as nothing. 

I will now come to another epoch which is full of interest 
in the hi.story of Daniel, and introduce another personage in 
Babylonian affairs, one Belshazzar, supposed to be the hus- 
band of one of Nebuchadnezzar's daughters. Nebuchad- 
nezzar died about five hundred and sixty-two years before 
Christ, after a reign of about forty years. His son, Merodach, 
took the throne. He reigned but two years and was mur- 
dered, and was supplanted by his brother-in-law, Neriglessor, 
who reigned four years. After him, his son, a boy, was 
made king, and held that position only nine months, when 
Nabonnedus killed him, who, with his son Belshazzar as 
regent, took the throne. His father was taken prisoner 
by Cyrus. Belshazzar was left in charge of the affairs at 
Babylon. He was a young, dis.solute and unworthy prince. 

We read that Belshazzar the king made a great feast to a 
thousand of his lords. Cyrus had received intelligence that 
a grand, royal banquet was to be held in Babylon, and that 
the night would be spent in revelling and drunkenness. He 
had laid seige to the place on all sides. The holy vessels con- 
secrated to the Lord, and brought from Jerusalem, were 
commanded to be brought to the feast that the king and his 
nobles might drink from them. And they drank the wine 
and praised the gods of gold, and of silver, of brass, of iron, 
of wood and of stone. "In the same hour came forth 
fingers of a man's hand, and wrote over against the candle- 
stick upon the plaster of the wall of the king's palace." 
The king saw the part of the hand that wrote, and the 
characters that were written, but he could not read the 
letters nor tell their meaning. The king's countenance was 
changed and his thoughts troubled him, so that the joints of 
his loins were loosed, and his knees smote one against another. 
The queen mother was in the palace. She had taken no part 
in the banquet. She knew what her father, Nebuchadnezzar, 
had e.^perieneed in his lifetime. And so Belshazzar betakes 
himself to the queen mother. She knew of one who could 
read the writing for him, therefore she said: "Let Daniel be 
called, and he will show the interpretation." It was not 
many minutes until Daniel stood before the alarmed king. 
Belshazzar pointed to the frowning letters on the wall, and 
promised a great reward if Daniel would read and interpret 
what was written. 

[To he Cniit III lied.) 



Ir.i.-GoiTEN gains are soon spent. 



^vg>^. 





70 



JTTJ'V^ElItTIIjEI insrSTI^TJCTOie;. 




j(f orrespontleiue. 



"Lacatoue," Pima, 

Maricopa Co., Arizona, 

Jiinunry, 17, ]aS2. 

Elder Georrie C. Lambert. 

Dear Brother: — We reached this place last even- 
ing, from Mesa City, on a missionary tour as far as San Pedro 
and the Upper Gila. On our arrival here, we were very kindly 
received by Mr. Wheeler, the agent at this place, who also 
invited us to visit the school room of the agency, where we had 
the pleasure of meeting Mr. Cook, a missionary, who has been 
teaching and laboring among the Pima Indians for several 
years. He speaks the language fluently. About sixty scholars 
(native) were present, of vdJious ages, who were taught, by 
lecture and repetition in English, the ten commandments, also 
a short discourse, the teacher illustrating his ideas by an ap|ile 
which he held, speaking freely in the native tongue. After this, 
he played on the organ, all the school joining in the hymn and 
song. Several of the youth are so far advanced as to play on the 
organ, read music, speak and write fair English, and we had the 
privilege of reading letters sent by students from a school in 
Virginia, where the more advanced scholars are sent to complete 
their education. 

During the evening, Mrs Wheeler, who is an interested 
worker for the natives, got together quite a company of the girls, 
who sang their native songs. Two of the girls, with smiling 
faces and brilliant eyes, danced to the song, keeping the most 
perfect lime. They are as inspirational as the Scotch, or Welsh, 
and display qualities which indicate a Ugh sense of honor and 
honesty. 

We were i::l'ormed tliat no instance of quarreling, striking, or 
accusing one another occurs among the pupils of the school, 
but an interested, acommodHling spirit of kindness prevails 
among them These schools and instructions, so kinuly furnished 
by the Interior Department of the Government, will, in a few 
vears. prepare many of tlie children of Lanian and Nephi to 
take in hand the record of their forefathers -the Book of Mor- 
mon, and learn of the fullness of the gospel and their high 
origin and destiny We Kave never met natives who were more 
kind or more appreciative of kindness shown them When 
they form an attachment towards any of us, they manifest it by 
bringing presents of such things as they grow or obtain in the 
hunt, melons, beans, mescal, etc.; and if their friend is sick, they 
will procure herbs or anything they feel will do him good. In 
turn, we never allow them to go away without giving them a 
token of our regard. Tlius, we cultivate their friendship and 
have their confidence 

There is a feeling with thiiii that we are truly their friends, 
and they t-eek to us for counsel, or aid when in trouble. In 
some instances, we have never witnessed greater faith than is 
manifested among them in the ordinance of anointing with oil 
and laying on of hands of the Elders. In two cases, where the 
young men were in advanced stages of consumption, they 
recovered, and when we afterwards met them, they beat upon 
their breasts to show how strong they had grown, and their 
general appearance showed improved heaith. 

I commenced this letter as headed, but mail it at .Smith- 
ville, on the Gila, in Graham County. Our people have a fine 
country in this portion of Gila Valley. Seventy families have 
g hercd in, and are making homes and farms. 

W e go from here to Kort Bi'wic, thence to Sulphur .Spring 
Valley, where Elder William N. Fife is located, going by way of 
Tombstone to St. David, over the San Pedro; then from Benson 
by rail to Casa Grande and hack to the Pima Agency. There 
we will again visit Mr. Wheeler, and liave the pleasure of see- 
ing the Pima children in their class-room, sedately engaged in 
their sludie-s, receiving their salutations and smilint; good hyes 



as we part with them to return to our pleasant homes on the 
Mesa, twenty-three miles distant from that point. 

This is a land of beautiful climate, and sunshine and magnifi- 
cent distances, especiall.v for an Elder who is engaged in 
missionary labor. Ytmr Brother in the gospel, 

A. E. M. 



A NAUTICAL ADVENTURE. 



BY E. P. 



THE time for our semi annual conference having nearly 
arrived, the Elders began to gather from the different 
islands where they had been laboring, making their way as 
best they could to the small Lsland of Linai, where the con- 
ference was to convene. 

The Island of Lanai is about tea miles wide by fifteen miles 
long. It has but few inhabitants, owing to its arid and 
unproductive character, but was thought good enoitgh for a 
temporary gathering place for the native Saints. 

The laws of the Hawaiian government would not allow the 
people to emigrate except iu individual cases with especial 
permits. 

Elder C. and myself, having met at Lahaina, on the island 
of Maui, determined to cross over to Lanai together, it being 
ten miles straight across the channel from one island to the 
other, but about fifteen miles to where we were to land. 

The vessel in which we i\ere to make the voyage was a 
common whale boat, such as are carried on the decks of whal- 
ing ships for pursuing and capturing whales. Pictures of such 
boats are to be seen in some of our school books ; one I 
remember appeared as having been thrown into the air by the 
tail of one of those sea monsters, and, coming down bottom 
upwards, the sailors were thrown into the water. 

In this small, open boat were sixteen persons, all natives 
except Elder C, myself and an old gentleman, a sea captain, 
whose name I did not learn. 

This gentleman had some boxes of merchandi.'c for traflBc 
with the natives. There were also quite a quantity of water- 
melons, some belonging to the captain and some of the natives, 
who, by the by, were mostly members to our Church. The 
boat and another one were owned by our mi.ssion. 

When about halfway across the channel, and consequently 
five miles from each island, we were struck by a. squall of wind, 
which threatened to be disastrous to our voyage. 

Although this western ocean is called the "Pacific," and 
not considered as boistrous as the ''Atlantic," it can some- 
times get up (|ui(e a commotion, and toss a huge i-hip about 
apparently at thi' mercy of the winds and the waves, as a 
sportive toy or thing of naught. I have been informed by 
sailors that the Atlantic is much the deeper ocean, and con- 
sequently the swells are much larger, and because the 
Pacific lacks depth the waves are smaller, but rougher and 
equally dangerous. 

As to the truth of this, I will not pretend to say; but 1 am 
quite sure the Pacific has sufficient depth to engnlf a ship 
and its contents so that it would never be seen again by mortal 
eye ; and that it can be rough at times 1 have had the very beat 
of evidence. 

We were supplied with a small mast and a sail attached, 
which enabled us to take advantage of any favorable breeze, in 
the absence of which oars were used. 



'^^ 




""^^Sli 



^ 



CTTJ'^iiin^ii-.E i:tsrsTi?.TJOTOi^. 



71 



The boat, being heavi y laden, beeame somewhat unman- 
ageable. The waves rolled, the wind whistled, the sail flapped 
and fluttered, and the water rushed into the boat from both 
sides as we rose upon each succeeding wave. The natives who 
managed the boat appeared at first to be paralyzed with fear; 
so sudden had the gale come upon us that all seemed to be 
stupefied, and, instead of doing what was necessary in this 
emergency, stood with blank countenances and asked us if we 
had not better pray. I replied, ' 'There is a time to pray and 
there is a time to work, and if you do not want to go to the 
bottom you had better go to work, and bale out the water." 
The water was fast filling the boat, and I told them to throw 
overbobrd the melons, and a large rock they used for an 
anchor, so as to lighten the bow, furl the sail and try to keep 
the boat be'bre the wind. 

When the natives discovered that we were not very much 
alarmed they soon recovered from their scare and wanted 
permission to eat the melons instead of throwing them into 
the ocean ; and be.sides, they objected to easting their melons 
overboard, alleging as a reason that the .seed from which they 
were grown had come from Zion. 

The natives are universally noted for being wonderful swim- 
mers, and I presume they were not so anxious for their own 
lives as they were for ours. At any rate, when they found 
that we were not excited they were more unconcerned. 

The captain was very much excited, and insisted that the 
melons and everything else of little or no value should be 
thrown overTjoard, and the boat kept off the land, as there was, 
he said, very rough water near the Lanai shore. 

I told the natives to throw over the captain's melons, which 
they did. 

They would continually let the boat run around towards 
the land, regardless of the captain's remonstrances, who feared 
rough water, or that the boat would be swamped in the trough 
of the sea unless kept before the wind. 

Although we were, lo all earthly appearance, in the very 
jaws of death, being made the sport of the wind and the 
waves, and liable at any moment to be cap.sized or overwhelmed 
by some monster wave, yet we did not feel much anxiety as to 
the outcome. 

As for myself, I never had the least idea at that or any other 
time while on that mission, that I would be swallowed up in 
the depths of the sea, or lose my life in any other way. 

I was not generally considered of a very sanguine tempera- 
ment, neither did I pride myself particularly on my great faith, 
and yet in those days I was in possession of a satisfying assur- 
ance that there was a labor for me to perform on the earth, 
not only as to the mission in which I was immediately engaged, 
but a labor to be performed in connection with the ordinances 
of the gospel for my father's house, I being the only dii-ect 
heir. There seemed to be a certainty in my mind that I was 
destined to live and aceoiiiiili.-ii certain things, a portion of 
which have since been accomplished, as no doubt the rest will 
be if it is the Lord's will. 

As we were being to.-scd upon the billows I continued to 
measure *he distance to land, calculating as we gradually drew 
nearer and nearer the possihilitie.s of our being able to swim 
to shore, until suddenly we ran into cou)i)aratively still water 
which seemed very remarkable, for upon looking back a few 
rod.s the huge waves which were surging and lashing each 
other appeared as a bank of hills skirting a level plain. Wo 
were now in still water with a gintle breeze that wafted us 
along nicely and comfortably to our destined landing. 



As we stepped upon the laud, the captain exclaimed, "I 
would not have given ten dollars for our chance of escape." 

I replied that 1 would not have taken one hundred dollars 
for my chance. 

After we were safely on land, however, I felt to thank the 
Lord for His preserving care over us, as I was well aware 
that we had been in a perilous situation. 

This experience only served to confirm me in my previous 
belief of the propriety of doing everything in its proper time 
and place. We should do our praying in the proper time for 
prayer, and let our lives be such at all times that we will not 
feel the necessity for a spasmodic reformation in a time of 
unusual difficulty or danger. We should perform our duties 
as the children of our Heavenly Father under all circum- 
stances and not feel to make anj- unusual demonstrations. 
Then, having a confidence of being prepared for any and all 
of God's providences towards us, we can feel confident and 
trust all to Him, realizing that He will do all for the best. 
Not being fearful that we are about to be destroyed or pun- 
ished for our sins, we can feel that whatever may happen to 
us will be all right and ordered for some good purpose. 

It is a very unenviable position for one to be placed in when 
danger threatens, to think it is for some dereliction of duty 
or a chastisement for sins committed. 

The spirit spoken of by Joel the Prophet, which should be 
poured out upon the people in the latter days, the spirit that 
was given to Joseph the Prophet of the latter days, in a 
greater or less degree has been shed abroad among the people 
of the Saints. A fore-knowledge of coming events is given 
unto many. How often we hear the testimony of both breth- 
ren and sisters in this Church that they have been warned by 
dreams and visions and sometimes by the secret whisperings 
of the Holy Spirit of dangers that were before them, and in 
consequence of these premonitions of evil they have been 
able to pursue another cour.se from what they intended, and 
then escape the impending danger. 

These things strengthen our faith to that degree that when 
we are brought face to face with danger and diflioulties, to the 
natural man apparently insurmountable, we are able to over- 
come them and claim the blessing of God, and call forth the 
manifestations of His power in our behalf. 

It is almost the universal testimony of the Elders of this 
Church that whenever they are brought into perilous situa- 
tions while in the discharge of their duties in preaching the 
Gospel, or as missionaries in any particular sphere of action, 
the blessings promi.sed are realized upon their heads : and 
when destruction appears imminent they have no fear and are 
almost invariably under these circumstances enabled to escape 
unhurt, proving beyond the possibility of question or doubt 
that the Lord makes good His promi.sies to His servants. 

There are instances on record it is true where the Lord has 
suffered Holy men to be slain by the wicked and ungodly for 
the accom])lishinent of some especial purpose, but there are 
thousands of instances of His power having been made mani- 
fest in preserving His servants from threatened danger and 
apparent destruction, not only in ancient times but in the age 
in which we live, when the Gospel has been again delivered 
to men on the eartli. 



A NK.\T, clean, fresh, cheerful, well-arranged house exerts 
a moral inlluncc over its inmates, and makes the nienibors 
of a family peacel'ul and considerate of each other's feelings 
and hapjiiucss. 



^^^=>^ 




GEOR6SS O- CAJTNON, 


- 


EDITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


MARCH 1, 


1882. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




"^i^Z^^^^ '^ view of the efforts tliat are now being 
made at Wa.><liington to enact special and 
prescriptive laws for depriving the Litter- 
day Saints of their inherent and Consti- 
tutional rights, memorials have recently 
been sent to Congress by the men, women 
and youth of both sexes, respectively, 
of our Territory, praying for a commission 
to be appointed to investigate the libelous 
malicious charges made against the Saints, 
efore any other action be taken by Congress, 
"pwards of .50,000 signatures were attached 
to these several memorials. The following is 
that from the men: 
Whereas, It is the undisputed right of every per- 
i!on enjoying the blessings of a free government and 
living under the protection of the American flag, to 
petition the government which exists by the will of 
the people; and, 
Whereas, We, as citizens of the Territory of Utah, have been 
bitterly maligned by those whose reputations are such as will 
not bear inspection ; and by others who, ignorant of the facts 
relative to Utah, have been fired to clamor for unreasnnable and 
uncon=titutional measures against our peace and liberty, to 
deprive us of the rights we now enjoy under the benign influences 
of the Constitution ; and, 

Wlierrns. In response to this unhallowed dpniand, Congress is 
now pressing special legislation against the inhabitants of this 
Territory — legislation which would paralyze the general business 
of the Territory —legislation which, alniuhj. is showing its etfect 
in decreasing the value of real estate; which drives capital 
away; which will ruin the mining, industrial and manufactur- 
ing interests of the entire Territory-, and must ultimately result 
in financial wreck to all classes of citizens. 

Wlirrrfurr, We, as citizens of the United States, loyal to the 
flag for whose purity and justice our fathers fought and suflered, 
do ask that Congress pause before adopting measures which 
must result in such serious injury to one of the most thriving 
sections of the Union, and bring lasting disgrace upon a great 
and mighty nation. We do deny each and all of the charges 
made against us as a people. That we are not law-abiding is 
untrue; that we are the enemies of good government is a 
deliberate falsehood ; that we are striving to gain ascendancy 
and dominion at the expense of our country's sacred Consti- 
tution, is a charge without the shadow of truth. 

The facts are that the present prosperity of the Territory is 
without a parallel in all the years of its existence; that there 
has never been a period of better order or of better government ; 
that, while our population and industries and wealth are of 
remarkably rapid growth, crime and the vices which commonly 
follow in the wake of so-called civiliziition are tardy and come 
only when forced upon us by that civilization; and life and 
property are as absolutely and undeniably safe as in any place 
on the face of the earth, which is attested by the fact, that tho.se 
who lire m ist industrious in malitrning u«. have resided and do 
reside here, and some of them are the owners of property, which, 
were the charges against us true, they would soon dispose of; 
that the whole trouble arises from the bare-faced falsehoods of 
irresponsible persons who have not principle cnouf^h to live in 
peace, nor thrift enough to ensure that industry which would bring 
prosperity and position. The object of these calumnies is the 



e-Ti)..- 



robbery of the vast majority of the people of Utah of their 
rights as citizens, and the design of unprincipled men in clamor- 
ing for a commission to control the affairs of government here 
is, that by this means, they themselves — men without moral 
character, some of whom are reputed defrauders of govern- 
ment — may secure the government of the Territory, the result 
of which would be, the persecution and robbery of the inhabi- 
tants of Utah, the utter ruin of her bright prospects, and ulti- 
mate anarchy and slavery, under the plea of suppressing 
polygamy. 

Whatever of polygamy exists among the "Mormons," 
rests solely upon their religious convictions. It is unsupported 
by any Territorial legislative enactment, and its practice already 
exposes them to the penalties of Congressional law. And it is 
better to leave it to the legitimate operations of that law, and 
the moral influences at work, than to attempt to extirpate it by 
radical, oppressive or revolutionary measures. 

We would most respectfully represent to your honorably 
body, that we cannot but consider it unjust for us to be fraudu- 
lently robbed of our franchise, by a governor, the appointee of 
the government of the United States, and then, without our 
rightful representation, while illegally and unconstitutionally 
disfranchised, for special legislation to be enacted against us, 
based on falsehood ; and we do most solemnly protest against 
such action, as being at variance with the spirit and genius of 
republican institutions, contrary to the provisions made in the 
Organic Act for this Territory, and in violation of the principles 
of human liberty and the Constitution of the United States. 

Thereiore, your petitioners, by their conceded right, do 
petition and demand of Congress, before any further action of a 
hasty character shall be taken — such as is proposed — and before 
a similar error is committed to that of a former administration, 
which, listening to the voice of calumny, first sent an army to 
Utah to punish offenses, and afterwards sent commissioners to 
assertain whether or not such offenses had been committed ; that 
a commission ot honorable and upright men be sent to Utah to 
make a careful investigation of affairs here, confident that in the 
issue, justice will prevail, and as confident that our maligners 
will oppose this, as they have opposed all other fair measures. 

And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray. 

The women of Utah sent the following: 

We, the women of Utah, view with deepestregret the bills that 
have been presented in Congress during the present session, ask- 
ing for special legislation for our Territory ; which if carried into 
effect will destroy the peace, tranquility and prosperity which 
have heretofore characterized our dearly loved homes. We were 
driven to these mountain vales by the cruel hand of persecution ; 
while on our journey as outcasts and exiles, our sons, husbands and 
fathers were called upon by the nation to battle for American rule 
in this country, then a portion of Mexico, and after struggling 
through privation and hardship such as men, women and children 
have seldom endured, your petitioners, many of them descendants 
of the Pilgrims of New Jngland, with their fathers, husbands, 
brothers and sons, found a barren desert, inhabited only by savage 
Indians and wild beast*; here we have labored with the courage 
and endurance born only of religious faith, in helping to estab- 
lish homes for ourselves and our children, and have made it easy 
for those coming at a later period, who found these valleys 
blooming with beauty, and teeming with plenty, to enjoy all the 
blessings which pertain to life and happiness. 

And we most respectfully represent to your honorable body, 
that the bills aforesaid, now pending in the Congress of the United 
States, are further calculated to destrov our birthright of liberty, 
the glorious heritage bequeathed by our noble ancestors. 

And furthermore, we are well aware, that the present excite- 
ment in the nation is the result of ignorance and misrepresen- 
tation, and that the aim of our enemies is to rob us of our hard- 
earned homes and to plunder the public treasury. These schemes 
have been concocted by sectarian priests and political demagogues, 
and by women who are the tools of wicked and designing men, 
both men and women unscrupulous in their enmity, and menda- 



-^ 




CTTJ^EIsriLE IINTSTI^^TJOTOI?.. 





cious in their statements, although they have homes and houses 
of worship in Utah Territory, comprising nearly all religious 
denominations, and are protected in all their rights as citizens, 
and as religious worshipers, without the least intrusion or moles- 
tation, and who, instead of reforming the morals of the commu- 
nity, as they perfidiously pretend, have assisted in introducing 
and sustaining in our midst, the most demoralizing institutions 
known in the world. 

And moreover, we, your petitioners, hereby testify that we are 
happy in our homes, and satisfied with our marriage relations, and 
desire no change. We are not the "oj^pressed and down-trodden 
women" we are represented to be, but enjoy more ri? htsand free- 
dom than women elsewhere in the nation, and we do know that 
our institutions are of such a nature as tends to purity of morals and 
elevation of character. And we most solemnly aver, before God 
and man, that our marital relations are most sacred, that the3' are 
divine.enjoining obligations and ties that pertain to time and reach 
into eternity. Were it not for the sacred aud religious character of 
the institution of plural marriage, we should never have entered 
upon the practice of a principle which is contrary to our early 
teachings, and in consequence of which our names are cast out 
as evil by the Christian world. 

Therefore we most respectfully appeal to your honorable body 
to forbear hasty and reckless action in regard to so important a 
matter as the political disorganization of the most prosperous and 
flourishing Territory of which the nation can boast; and, before 
proceeding to radical changes, to do yourselves the justice to 
investigate, by a commission of honest and intelligent men and 
women, the true condition of the "Mormon"' people of Utah 
Territory, 

And your petitioners, as in duty bound, will ever pray. 

The memorial pent by tlie young men reads as follows: 

Your petitioners, the young men of the Territory of Utah, 
respectfully represent: That our present interests and future 
prospects in life are dependent upon the undisturbed peace and 
prosperity of our Territory. 

That we are the sons of parents who have braved the dangers, 
and overcome the ditficulties incident to pioneering and settling 
anew, sterile and forbidding country; who have made human 
habitation in the valleys of the great Kocky Mountain basin a 
possibility; who have labored with untiring industry under 
many hardships to create homes for their families, in which we 
have been nurtured and cared for; who have denied themselves 
many comforts to educate and train their children in useful arts 
and industries : who have ever thrown around our paths in life 
the benign influences of home — there are no homeless children 
in Utah — of religion, of industry, of honor, of patriotism and 
the broadest and kindest expressions of humanity ;''who have 
shielded us from the groveling forms of vice, that tempt and 
allure to destruction the unprotected and disowned, who, with- 
out name or home, lie in the streets of the great cities and upon 
the highways of the outside world, a reproach to civilization 
and mankind. 

Under the protection, wise legislation and human adminis- 
tration of our fathers, our Territory enjoys the blessii gs of 
peace and aViundance, and we have been .started upon the high 
road of prosperity and success with bodies untainted by disease, 
with hearts in which faith and the consciousness of divine 
approval dwell, with minds open to conviction to truth and 
untrammelled by dogmas or superstitions that clog progressive 
ttiought and fill the soul with fear. We love and honor our 
parents, who have thus provided in our childhood for our wel- 
fare in active life. 

Now, therefore, in duty to them and ourselves, having the 
continued peace and prosperity of our Territory at heart, and 
valuing liberty and the rights of conscience above life, we, the 
young men of Utah, earnestly remonstrate against the calumnies 
and mi.^representations of unprincipled men, who would have 
the world believethat we'are curtailed in the enjoyment of Ami-ri- 
can freedom and fettered in chains forged by priestly fanatics. 

We deny that undue influence is exercised by any authority 

er our thoughts or aftions. 



We deny that duty to our religion and to our country leads us 
in opposite directions, or that it can possibly do so while 4he 
charter of American liberty remains the supreme law. 

We deny that the religious institution of plural marriage, as 
practiced by our parents, and to which many of us ow^ our 
existence, debases, pollutes, or in any way degrades those who 
enter into it. On the contrary, we solemnly afl3rm, and chal- 
lenge successful contr'! diction, that plural marriage is a sacred 
religious ordinance and that its practico has given to thousands 
honorable names and peaceful homes, where Christian-precepts 
and virtuous practices have been uniformly inculcated and th-e 
spirit of human liberty and religious freedom fostered from the 
cradle to maturit.v. 

In consideration of these facts, and in the name of justice we 
hereby solemnly memorialize your honorably bod.y to Jrefrain 
from enacting laws that reflect 'upon the marital relations of our 
parents, and that, however specific the provisions to the con- 
trary, stigmatize us in the opinion of the world ; to refrain from 
enacting laws that will enslave a large proportion of the citizens 
of our Territory, that will gall and fret the spirit of liberty 
which we inherit and are bound to entertain, and that will take 
from us, for no offense, the privileges and blessings of local free 
government, so necessary to the happiness and well-being of an 
American community. 

We ask you to secure to us the rights, the liberties and the 
blessings of freemen, and to pause before foisting upon us an 
unrepublican government, placing strangers, by appointment, 
to rule over us, and sacrificing the interests, the feelings, the 
happiness and the freedom of the great majority of the citizens 
of our Territory to the greed and cupidity of a reckless minority ; 
and your petitioners as in duty bound* will ever pray. 

The followiug is the .young ladies' memorial: 

Wherca-^, Certain bills are now pending before your honorable 
body, which, if passed, will break up happy homes and fami- 
lies and produce untold misery, sorrow and suffering; will 
deprive us of the kind fostering care of honorabe, upright God- 
fearing fathers, and drive forth our precious, loving mothers as 
outcasts; as those who have no rightto the honored name of wife, 
and also east opprobrium upon many of us as illegitimate; and, 

Wlim'ens, The passage of such bills wou'd deprive our fathers, 
mothers and brothers (and ourselves, when properly qualified) 
of the right of franchise, and, in fact, o' all the rights of 
American citizens, debarring us of the free exercise of our holy 
religion, which is dearer to us than life itself; and would be 
contrary to the spirit of the glorious constitution of our country, 
which we have ever been taught to revere as an inspiration from 
Almighty God; for we have been taught, and conscientiously 
believe that plural marriage is as much a part of our religion, as 
are faith, repentance and baptism; and, 

W/ierfns, In our opinion, the cause of the introduction of such 
bills has been the false representations of evil-disposed perspns, 
who assert that we are low, ignorant, degraded and disloyal ; 
and,' feeling assured that, had your honorable body been truth- 
fully advised in regard to the people of this Territory, such 
bills would never have obtained a hearing in the Congress of 
this mighty nation ; 

Xow, tli.ereforr, we, the .young Ud'.es of Utah Territory, do 
most solemnly and truthfully declare that neither we nor our 
mothers are held in bondage, but that we enjoy the greatest 
po.ssible freedom, socially and religiously; that our homes, are 
happy ones, and we are neither low nor degraded ; for the princi- 
ples of purity, virtue, integrity and loyalty to the government 
of the United States have been instilled into our mind.s and 
hearts since our earliest childhood. 

According to what we read, and can learn from other sources, 
in n.i place in thi' world i< female chastity and virtue guarded 
w'.th more jeahuK earn than by our (leople ; for we liave been 
taught and do understand that this is ourgreatest boon ; fnrabove 
jewels or wealth, and more precious than life itself; and we 
therefore most rasjicctf'ully mcTuorinlize your honorable liody 
to suspend further action on all tiilla relating to Fluli, and send 
a commission of honorable, intelligent, and unprejudiced men 
and women to inquire into, and learn the true state of afi'airs in 
this Territory ; 

And, as in duty bound, your mcuuoralists will G\(^r l)ray. 




A TRUE FRIEND. 



BV H. G. BOYLE. 



■^1 THEN the billows of persecution and mobocracy had 
VV swept through those portions of Illinois where the 
Latter day Saints were located and it became necessary for 
our people to sacrifice their lauds and homes and flee before 
their enemies into the wilderness, and when the Pioneers and 
the leading camps had reached the Missouri River, a call or 
requisition was made by the government for five hundred 
volunteers from the "Mormon" camps to enlist as soldiers to 
serve in the Mexican war. In response to this call, President 
Young advised all the young and able-bodied men to hold 
themselves in readiness to enlist. In order to comply with 
this request, I secured board and lodging at Colonel Sarpy's, 
on the east side of the Missouri River, at Council Point, as 
Bishop George Miller's camp (with which I had traveled 
from Nauvoo) had crossed the river and moved on west- 
ward. 

On the Tth of July, 1 s40. while I was waiting at Colonel Sarpy's 
for the Battalion to be organized and mustered into .service, 

a stranger, Colonel , arrived at the Point and obtained 

board and lodging at the same place After gaining an intro- 
duction to me, he soon entered into an animated conversation 
relative to our peojile, their history, religion, etc. I found 
him to be a very pleasant and affable gentleman, and easy 
and fluent in convensation. However, at first, I was a little 
cautious in my replies to some of his questions, as the 
Colonel was a government oflicial, and it occurred to me that 
he might be "spying out our liberties." This he soon 
noticed, and produced a letter of recommendation from 
Brother J. C. Little, saying at the same time that Brother 
Little was the first "Mormon" he had met with and that I 
was the second. It was but a short time until I fully under- 
stood his spirit and motives. I soon found that his sympathies 
and good feelings were all in our favor. 

From this time cm, I was greatly inspired in all my conver- 
sation with liim. I enjoyed much light and liberty in teach- 
ing to him the first principles of the gospel. He seemed to 
comprehend readily and to receive the truths that were 
taught, and to lake great interest in the same. During the two 
or three weeks we spent together, he often e.\|ircsscd his 
wonder and surprise that an obscure and unassuming, beard- 
less boy could impart such a vast amount ot light and truth, 
and point out Uible proofs for all. which he, who had been 
brought up in tlie great city of I'liiladclidiia, with all the 
advaiitaires which wealth, education and positicjii could afford, 
had failed t" ili.scover. He ackiiuwledged, too, that he had 
learned more about the great truths of the Bible in a few 
days while with me than in all his life before from the most 
learned divines of the day. 

Our traveling camps had begun to locate for a rest and to 
recruit their teams, etc. One of these camps (Bishop 
.^liller's, as before mentioned) had crossed the river and 
encamiied at the "Cold Sjirings," four miles west, while 
many were stiitioned in the timber on the Missouri River 
bottoms, on the eastern .shore. The greatest bulk of our 
camps, thuUL'h, were located ten or twelve miles east of the 
river out on the bluffs While we were thus situated, the 
Colonel wuidd often propose visits to some of these camps on 
the bottoni, and during these visits I introduced him to many 
of our people. He .sceiued to take in, and urider.stand our 
situation, our motives and aspirations. He appreciated and 



praised our heroic resignation to the inevitable, and our 
determination to meet and overcome every obstacle and to 
bear uncomplainingly every trial. He noticed our simple 
trust in God, and our noble resolve to be happy amid the 
severest hardships and privations. 

The Colonel often proposed a moonlight stroll through the 
woods. And during these walks he delighted to converse 
about our people — what they had done, and were enduring, 
their high aim, and their uncompromising determination to 
succeed. During one of these rambles, we heard one of our 
men praying in secret in the skirt of the woods in the rear of 
one of our camps. Although we were not near enough to 
distinguish words or sentences, it seemed to affect the Colonel 
deeply, and as we walked away he observed that our people 
were a praying people, and that was evidence enough to him 
that we were sincere and honest in our faith. 

Not long after this, wheu taking another walk, following a 
narrow path through a thicket .of undergrowth, we came 
suddenly within a few feet of a man who had just commenced 
to pray. As we wore on our feet Indian moccasins, we made 
no perceptible noise, and the man evidently thought himself 
alone and praying in secret. At the time, I was in the path 
just in the rear of the Colonel, who, on hearing the beginning 
ot the man's supplication, halted, and, in doing so, turned 
half around, with his face in the bright light of the full 
moon, and in such a position that every feature was plain to 
my view. 

I never listened to such a prayer, so contrite, so earnest 
and fervent, and so full of inspiration. We had involuntarily 
taken off' our hats as though we were in a sacred iiresence. I 
never can forget my feelings on that occasion. Neither can I 
describe them, and yet the. Colonel was more deeply affected 
than I was. As he stood there I could see the tears falling 
fast from his face, while his bosom swelled with the fidlness 
of his emotions. And for some time after the man had 
arisen from his knees and walked away towards his encamp- 
ment, the Colonel sobbed like a child and could not trust 
himself to utter a word. When, finally, he did get control of 
his feelings, his first words were, "I am satisfied; jour peoj)le 
are solemnly and terribly in earnest." 

About a week from the time of the Colonel's arrival at 
Council Point, he asked me to accompany him to the camps 
out on the bluffs, as he desired greatly to see President 
Brigham Young. I complied with his request, and, after 
procuring a horse and saddle apiece, we started on our visit. 
> About half-way out we came upon Brother Orson Pratt's 
encampment by the side of the road, where he had halted to 
noon. I introduced the Colonel to Brother Pratt, who was so 
favorably im|)ressed with his new acquaintance, that he 
returned to the bluffs with us, to "Brigham's Camp," as it 
was called. 

The Colonel was there introduced to President Young and 
five others of the Twelve. The interview was of the nio.st 
pleasant nature, so much .so that the Colonel talked of noth- 
ing else during our ride of ten miles back to Council Point. 

The Battalion was organized and mustered into service, 
soon after which we received the order to march, at which 
time I took my leave of one of the most pleasant men it has 
ever been my lot to meet. In parting, with tears in his eyes, 
he besought me to remember him in my prayer.s. 

In ]8.'JS, when our iieoplc were environed and threatened 
with a hostile army, I met him again, at Cedar City, February 
liuth, 1S.5S, as a mc.s.scnger of peace coming to our resecue. 
And when I wondered at his knowing me so readily, he 



— r^V 



w 




Cr TJ"VE 2^ I LE IIsTSTI^TJOTOIi:.. 



replied, "I would have forgotten my mother as soon." Con- 
tinuins. he said : "Soon after j^ou and I parted on the banks of 
the Missouri River,'I was taken sick, and grew worse and worse 
till I gave up to die, when an old man" (Father John Smith) 
"came to me and laid his hands upon me, and prayed for me, 
and said I should live and not die, and that I should return 
in health and safety to my home in Philadelphia, and after 
that I should marrj* me a wife and she should bear unto me a 
daughter, and after that a son and other children, and that I 
should live to do a great work in the earth ; all of which 
has been fulfilled to the letter, except the great work, of 
which I always had my doubts." 

When the waves of persecution and opposition were com- 
ing up mountain high, and when in the halls of Congress 
there prevailed a spirit of determination to pass proscriptive, 
special and unconstitutional measures against the people of 
this Territory, I again met the Colonel, also ' his wife, come 
again on an errand of mercy, with words of encouragement 
and sympathy. This last time he came to us marred and 
scarred and maimed from the battle fields of the rebellion, 
but still the same heroic messenger of peace and good will. 

The signs of the times whisper, "We may soon see him, 
orj some more powerful messenger, come again to our res- 
cue. ' ' 



REVIE^V OF AN ACTIVE LIFE. 



BY G. G. 



[Gontinwd from, page .58.) 

HAVING purchased in Liverpool, before leaving England, 
a few boxes of steel pens, some black lead pencils, cheap 
pocket books, etc., I was prompted to take them around 
from house to house and oifer them for sale. In this way, I 
was not only enabled to keep up family expenses, but 
gradually replenish my stock. The Lord blessed me wonder- 
fully in my labors ; but my prosperity and consequent pleasure 
was not unmixed with sorrow. In February, another of our 
children took sick and died. 

A short time before our arrival, Jedediah M. Grant had 
been sent from the First Presidency, in Salt Lake City, to wake 
up the Saints in St. Louis and other places, and gather them 
home to Zion, in the valleys of the mountains. 

The spirit infused by him inspired the local Elders, and the 
burden of the preaching at most of the meetings after he 
left, was for all the Saints who possibly could to so shape 
their aflFairs as to leave for the mountains the coming season. 

I imbibed the same spirit, and had the fullest assurauce that 
myself and family would be among the number. One of the 
local officers of the ward in which we lived, by the name of 
William Nixon, was a merchant on Broadway, and, knowing my 
mode of living, said if I would obtain a basket he woald 
crdHit me with a larger assortment of articles to carry around 
than I then had. I accepted his kind offer and derived groat 
benefit from it in my bu-iness. 

One of the greatest lessons I leamed while passing through 
this experirnce was, that the posscs-iion and enjoyment of the 
Spirit of God inspires cheerfulness and contentment irre- 
spective of adverse circumstances: for I was happy and 
buoyant in spirit and never felt poor, although, to all human 
appearance, we were miserably destitute of every earthly 
comfort. By being rich in faith in God and Hi.s promises, 




none of these things ever caused us either to murmur or 
think oup lot was hard. 

Eirly in March, my capital stock had gradually increased, 
and I was enabled to spare occasionally fifty cents in cash 
towards paying our emigration across the plains, which I 
deposited with my wife for safe keeping. 

I never doubted for a moment but that the Lord would 
open up our way by the time the emigrating season com- 
menced to move forward towards the home of the Saints. 
To this fact I occasionally testified at our ward meetings, 
when, humanly speaking, we were the least likely to go of 
any in the ward. Our capital stock, consisted of only a few 
dollars worth of articles in a basket; besides we numbered 
seven in family and it was then within three months of the 
starting time. But by the combination of faith, works and 
the blessings of the Lord, the grand re.-^ult was accomplished. 

There was a prospect for a large emigration to the California 
gold mines that year. Many were waiting only for the 
Missouri River to get sufficiently clear of ice to make travel 
on it safe, before taking steamer for Council Bluffs, the out- 
fitting place and starting point for the journey across the 
plains. Brother Nixon strongly urged me to lay out my 
accumulated capital, which ammounted to only a few dollars, 
in such articles as travelers about to cross the plains would be 
sure to require, and start early for Council Bluffs. Accord- 
ingly, towards the end of April, I secured a passage on the 
same boat that brought us from New Orleans in December. 
I had previously made an exchange with a merchant, of some 
bed furniture for over forty thousand needles, and, after 
making some other purchases, I had just six dollars in cash 
left. A few minutes before the boat started I rushed abhore 
and invested this amount in part of a sack of peanuts, and, 
swinging it over my shoulder, I hurried on board the boat 
just as the planks were about to be hauled in preparatory to a 
start. 

We had been cabin passengers from New Orleans to St. 
Louis, and the captain had been very kind to my family ; but 
upon this trip, from St. Louis to BluS' City, we went as 
steerage passengers. The captain, however, kindly granted us 
the privilege of visiting the deck and cabin as much as we 
desired. This proved a great blessing, for, as soon as we 
fairly started, we furnished one of our children with some 
peanuts and a glass measure to visit the cabin passengers. 
The child quickly disposed of our six dollars' worth, leaving a 
net profit of more than was required to pay the fare for all 
-our family up the river. 

The deck and cabin floor of a steamer are kept ."^crupu 
lously clean, and strewing peanut shells over them, and the 
cracking of them under his feet day after day, were calcu- 
lated to try the captain's feelings and temper, but not until 
our stock was about sold, did he feel to eur.^e the peanut 
business. 

We landed all .safe in Bluff City, which was filled with 
emigrants bound for the California gold mines and Saints 
bound for Salt Lake (hty. It was the mo>t busy emigrating 
season ever known, and Council Blurts was a bu.sy place. All 
kinds of trade were going on, and outfiiters making piiichases 
of everything they thought would be needed for an overland 
journey of nearly two thousand miles. 

To make the most of the sittiation with a view of securing 
our own outfit, we rigged up two of our ihildrcn with a sup- 
ply of needles and a few other articles, with instructions to 
call at every house, and sell needles at the rate of three 
papers for twenty-five cents. While they were going through 



i^2£^ 





r5>*'" 



76 



Cr TJ ATE IsT I LEI I^TSTI^TJOTOIE?.. 




one street, I visited another, and at the close of eaeli day, 
we deposited the amount of our sales with my wife. Nearly 
every family in Bluff City bought needles of us, which 
formed the chief basis of our capital for the purchase of our 
oxen, wagon, etc. The sale of goggles also was a great help 
to us. We sold a large quantity ; almost every emigrant pur- 
chased a pair. We had every reason to believe that the 
means deposited with my wife daily, was added to or multi- 
plied while in her possession, for on several occasions we 
found a larger sum than was previously deposited, which 
verified the truth of the adage: "The Lord helps those who 
help themselves." 

Being thus provided for. we started on our journey on the 
Sth of June. I enrolled in the •5th company, under the 
leadership of Captain Tidwell, and crossed the Missouri 
River with our faces Zionward. 

Our outfit consisted of two yoke of oxen, two j'oke of cows, 
a wagon, and an ample supply of provisions for our iourney. 

My experience in the management of cattle made it 
necessary for me to arrange with Brother Henry Green to 
drive our team across the plains. It was a very .sickly season. 
Many died with cholera. Two of our children died of that 
disease and had to be buried in a very crude and insecure 
manner, producing the most painful and trying feelings in our 
experience. Thus five of our children had beeen left to mark 
our pathway from the country that gave us birth to the home 
of the Saints : one on the ocean, one in Memphis, one in St. 
Louis and two on the plains. 

With our family thus diminished, we reached Salt Lake 
City on the Ifith of September, 1S52, being the day when 
many of our Elders, who had been called at a special con- 
ference, left upon missions to nearly all parts of the world, to 
publicly proclaim the doctrine of plural marriage. 

We met Elder Orson Pratt on Emigration Street, or what 
is now known as Third South Street ; we shook hands with 
him and blessed each other. On arriving, we were permitted 
to camp for a few days on Emigration Street, near the hou.se 
of Samuel Brioghurst, and .soon exchanged our team for a 
house and lot in the 2nd Ward, and enjoyed for the first 
time in our life the pleasure of living in a house of our own. 
In the absence of furniture, we make our beds on the floor, 
and our boxes served us as chairs and table. 
{To hf Coiitrnw'il.) 



SUMMARY OF CORRES- 
PONDENCE. 



ELDEll M. E. Cowley, writing to (jeorge C. Lambert from 
St. Louis, Jan. l.'4th. says: 
"Wo arf! well, and enjoying the blessings of the Lord in our 
labors. The clergy of St. Louis are combininit with their frater- 
nity in other places in a tirade against the Latter-day Saints. 
They hold a jjublic meeting in St. Louis, I believe, next Monday, 
for the purpose of venting their spleen against the people of 
the Lord. The Woman's Sufl'rnge Association, the Liberal 
League and the devil himself are all combinmg in the pande- 
monium to overthrow the truth. But all will result in good for 
the faithful Saints of the Most High. The people, I believe, will 
get more interested in the gospel, when we are so thoroughly 
advertised, as it appears we are likely to be in the near future." 



Eldkr C J. Brain, writing from Bridgewater, Burke Co. 
....aU r^ 1! 






, J. Hrain 

North Carolina, .says: 



"Since the departure of Jas. H. Moyle, I have been assiduously 
engaged in preaching glad tidings of great joy to the people in 
this vicinity, whenever an opportunity has presented itselt. I am 
also trying to do good by visiting from house to house, and 
teaching ttie people those things, which, if properly complied 
with, are able to make them wise unto salvation; but some 
are very negligent and inditferent with regard to embracing 
the truth after they have become satisfied of its divin- 
ity. 

"The people have been taught to believe that it takes a learned 
reverend to lead them in the paths of rectitude and right; but a 
great many have come to the conclusion that the world, with all 
Its boasted wisdom and knowledge, can never tind out God. 

"They see the advancement in the scale of intelligence tbat 
has been achieved, and express their astonishment that religious 
intelligence has receded and become a subject of but little 
interest, except to a few, who represent the Scribes and Phar- 
isees. 

"Man, by his \f isdom, can travel above, or under ground with 
comparative safety, encircle the globe in a few weeks, soar amid 
the clouds, descend into the depths of mother earth and analyze 
the minerals with the greatest ease and precision, or discern amid 
the heavens the works of an all-wise and eternal God; but every 
attempt to find out God and His mind and will concerning the 
human family without the aid of inspiration, has resulted in a 
complete failure; and until modern Chrislendom will accept a 
common-sense, Bible religion they never will obtain a knowledge 
ot Uod. Hence, 'when the Savior descends with the mighty 
angels, in liaiiiing (ire, taking vengeance on them that know not 
God,' there will be 'weeping and wailing' among the new-rev- 
elation deniers of the ninteeth century, who are trying to find 
out God by ih«ir boasted intelligence. 

"The people here are very hospitable and kind. The spirit of 
investigation is increasing among them, and a groat many are 
striving to learn the way of truth. VVe have enough opposition 
to make our labors pleasant and agreeable." 



I WILL TRY 



THERE is a society in London known as the "Society of 
Arts." Its object is the encouragement of talent in the 
department of art. Prizes are awarded by the Society, some- 
times to painters for their pictures, and sometimes to humbler 
artisans for improvements in weaving, or in the manufacture 
of bonnets, lace, etc. 

More than a half century ago, a little fellow, named Wil- 
liam Ross, not twelve years of age, was talking with his 
mother about an exhibition of painting at the Society's rooms. 
William was very fond of jiaintings, and could hi nuself draw 
and color with remarkable skill. "Look you, William," said 
his mother, "I saw some paintings in the exhibition which 
did not seem to me half as good as some of yours." 

"J)o you really thiuk so, mother'!'" asked William. 

"1 am sure of it," she replied. "I saw some paintings 
inferior, both in color and drawing, to .some tbat are hanging 
in your chamber." 

William knew that his mother was no flatterer, and he said, 
"I have a mind to ask permission to hang one or two of my 
paintings on the walls of the next exhibition." 

"^\'lly not try for one of the prizes'.'" asked his mother. 

"O mother, do you think I should stand any chance of 
success?" 

"Nothing venture, nothing have," said his mother. "You 
can but trj-." 



ISVs*,, 





CTTJ'VEnNriLlLl IISrSTI2.TJGTOI?., 




"And I will try, mother, dear," said William. "I have a 
historical subject in my head, out of which I think I can make 
a picture. 

"What is it, William?" 

"The death of ^^'at Tyler. You have heard of him? He 
led a mob iu the time of Richard the S.^cond. He behaved 
insolently before the King at Smithlield, and was struck down 
by Walworth, Mayor of London, and then dispatched by the 
King's attendants." 

"It is a bold subject, AVilliam ; but I will say nothing to 
deter you from trying it." 

"If I fail, mother, where will be the harm? I can try 
again." 

"To be .-ure you can, William. So we will not be disap- 
pointed should you not succeed in winning the .silver palette 
offered by the society for the besr historical painting." 

Without more ado, little William went to work. He first 
acquainted himself with the various costumes of the year 
1381 ; he learned how the king and the noblemen used to 
dress ; and what sort of clothes were worn by the poor people 
and workmen to which class Wat Tyler belonged. He also 
learned which sort of weapons were carried in those days. 

After having given some time to the study of these things, 
he acquainted himself thoroughly with the historical incidents 
attending the death of the bold rioter. He grouped, in 
imagination the persons present at the scene — the king and 
his attendants, Walworth, the mayor, Wat Tyler liimbclf, and 
in the background some of his ruffianly companions. 

The difficulty now was to select that period of the action 
best fitted for a picture, and to group the figures in attitudes 
the most natural and expressive. Many times did little 
William make a sketch on paper, and obliterate it, dissatisfied 
with his work. At times he almost despaired of accomplish- 
ing anything that should do justice to the conception in his 
mind. But after many failures, he completed a sketch which 
he decided to transfer to canvas. 

He now labored diligently at his task, and took every 
opportunity to improve himself in a knowledge of colors and 
their effects. At length the day for handing in pictures 
arrived. He then had to wait a month before there was any 
decision as to its merits. On the day appointed for the 
announcement of the decision, many persons of distinction 
were present, including some ladies. The meeting was pre- 
sided over by the Duke of Norfolk. 

William's mother was pre.sent, of cour.se. She sat waiting 
the result with a beating heart. What a gratified mother 
she was, when, after the transaction of some uninteresting 
business, it was announced that the prize of a silver palette 
for the best historical picture was awarded to the painter of 
the piece entitled, "The Death of Wat Tyler." 

When it was found that William Ross was the successful 
artist, the applause of the audience broke forth with enthu- 
siasm. To see such a little fellow gain a prize over 
competitors of mature age was a novelty and surpri.se. 
William was summoned with his picture to the Duke's chair^ 
and he received such counsel and encouragement as were of 
great .service to him in his future career. He became at 
length Sir William Ro.-is, miniature painter to the (pieen, 
having ri.sen to fortune arnl fame, by carrying out with deter- 
mination and perseverance, his simple promise to his muther 
of "1 will try." 




I'ltiiMisK cautiously; but when ymi have promised, fulfill 
upulously. 



FAULT-FINDING 



BY J. C. 



THERE is no means used by the adversary of righteous- 
ness, with greater effect to destroy peace and confidence, 
than that of stirring up people to watch and scrutinize the 
failings of human nature. As long as people will allow them- 
selves to be governed by this feeling, they will have all the 
work they are able to attend to, and more too. 

By the purpose and decree of heaven, it became imperative 
at the first, and it still remains so, that man should taste the 
bitter and the sweet, and know the good and the evil ; and 
our agency and nature are such that we can foster or restrain 
the one or the other to the ends that will either justify or con- 
demn us. 

The etiCmy understands this, and he also knows that if he 
can influence man to trump the failings of his fellows and 
hold them forth to scrutiny and ridicule, he has gained a very 
potent weapon with which to sever and destroy love, peace 
and confidence. 

But, aside from this aspect of the matter, man has but a 
slim pretext for the pursuit of the evil in question. If those 
who make it a specialty to be always on the alert for faults, 
were blameless themselves, then they might, with some grace, 
put themselves forward as judges and critics ; but the fact that 
all are fallible, and more or less imperfect, renders it obvious 
that no one can consistently or conscientiously malign the 
common weaknesses of humanity. 

There is plenty of profitable, legitimate work for all to do in 
this world, without resorting to abuse and .scandal ; and, 
although people listen to the tale-bearer, it is often a painful 
task to do so. Although some may not have the moral stam- 
ina to rebuke such persons, they seldom fail to condemn them 
in their hearts as wicked and hurtful. People will say of 
such: "Well, he is always finding fault with somebody; no 
doubt he draws me over the coals, too, at times;" and thus 
they become fit subjects for public censure and scorn. 

If the time wasted in fault-finding were devoted to the more 
charitable work of looking at, and speaking of, the good qual- 
ities of people, a great many good things could be ascertained 
concerning them, and a far better .'■■pirit produced. 

There is no surer sign of the lack of the spirit of God in a 
person, than to hear him always trjing to blacken the char- 
acter of somebody, and no one having that charity which the 
gospel bestows, will sanction or tolerate such a spirit. 

One is doing extra well if he minds his own business and 
properly attends to his own affairs. If some can do more than 
this, let them aim to do it to profit somebody or something, 
for certain it is that society does not require their assist- 
ance in finding fault. There are altogether too many in the 
business already. It is strange that this should be so, seeing 
that it is one of the very worst paying businesses ; but, when 
we consider that there are some who are always unwise under 
the very best teaching, it must bo to this cla.ss that they 
belong. 

It would be vastly better for all, if, instead of finding fault 
too much, we would kindly cover up the little flaws of each 
other with charity's comforting mantle, and meekly advise 
rather than cruelly expose. 



To judge ourselvss is our duty, but to judge our brother is 



i22— 3s 






78 



J-XJ-^EnsrilLIE] IIsTSTI^TJOTOIo. 



MY GOOD DOG. 



I used to have a blaci shep-heid dog 
when I was once tak-ing care of a tiock 
of sheep. He was a good dog, and would 
do ev-ei'-y thing I told him. Shep-herd 
dogs have a great deal of sense, and they 
can oft-en tell when their mas-ters are 
an-gry or pleased with them. 

My dog would help me take care of the 
sheep by day and night. He would run 
af-tei' them as oft-en as I bid him, ev-en 
if he was tired and foot-soi'C. I ccjuld lay 
meat down on the ground when he was 
hun-gry and it would re-main there day 
and night, and he would not touch it un- 
less 1 tolvl him. Wlien 1 got up in the 
morn-ing he would bark and jump u]) by 
my side and make a great a-do. This 
was as much as to say, "Good morn-ing, 
my dear be-lovcd nuis-ter ! I am so glad 
to see you!" Some-times he would do 
things wrong, which would cause me to 
speak sharp-ly to him. Then he would 
crawl on the ground till he got to my feet, 
when I would some-times say, "you mean 
dog! you ought to be a-shamed of your- 
self!" Then he would lay his head down 
on the ground and wag his tail, as if to 
say. "0, do for-give me! 1 am so soi-y! 1 
won't do so an-y more!" 

1 would then say. 'That will do!'" and 
lie would Jniii]) ii|) and run all a-roiind me 
and lick my hands to show that lie was 
glad that 1 foi-gave him. 

There was a man who herd-ed with nu', 
liiit this dog (Yu] not jict to-war<ls him as 
he did to-wards me; nor would he mind 
him. 



Do you want to know why? It was 
be-cause he did not love him. 

Do you ask why he did not love him ? 
It was be-cause this man had whipped 
him, and did not treat him kiud-ly. 

Do you ask why this dog al-ways 
seemed pleased to see me and mind-ed me 
so well ? It was be-cause he loved me. 
Do you wish to learn why he loved me? 
It was be-cause I was kind to him and 
showed by my ac-tions that I was his 
friend. 

An-i-mals can-not speak, but they 
oft-en show by their ac-tions that they 
can some-times tell a good per-son from 
a mean one, and an an-gry per-son from 
one that is pleased. They have more 
sense than we some-times think they 
have. 

If we wish a man or wo-man, boy or 
girl, horse or cow, sheep or goat, dog or 
cat, or an-y -thing else to love us, we must 
show by our acts of kind-ness that we 
are friend-ly and good, and wish to do 
good to oth-ers. 

B. 



LETTER FROM THE SOUTH. 



G-eorge's Camp, Jone.sCo., Miss. 

February 24, 1882. 
/'(viJtrs (if tlic Instructor- 

Dear Little Brotheks and Sisters: — 

The Instructor is one of the most welcome visitors in 
this far oiF State; because it comes from those we love, thus 
making it seem like meeting an old friend, for I, too, have 
been a reader of its instructive pages since I was a little boj'. 

This time 1 will tell you about some of the products of this 
State. By this I mean what the people raise by cultivating 
the soil, and also what is obtained from the forests. 

Cotton, corn, oats, rice, sugarcane, sweet potatoes, melons, 
garden vegetables and a very little fruit are produced. Of 
what the forests produce, I will write at some future time. 
The State of Mississippi e.xccls any other State in the Union 
in the amount of cotton |iroduced; so you can easily under- 
stand that it is the principal product, and, I aui sorry to say 
for the jieoplc of .^lississippi. that cotton is the only thi.ng of 
which thev raise all thev want for their own u.se 











-"'^l 



a"TJ^EnNrii_.E i":^sti^tjotoi?.. 



79 




Have you ever seen the picture of a cotton field. If j'ou 
have not, here is one that will afford you some idea of how 
the cotton looks when ready to pick, as well as the manner of 
baling it. This is a picture of a time when the negroes were 
slaves and had to do the work ; but since the war between the 
North and the South, when the slaves were made fi'ee, the 
most of the white people have had to cultivate their own land. 

What would you think- to .«ee the men and women, boj'S 
and sirls of Utah all out in the field to.sether, at work ? How 
strange it would seem ! Yet that is the way many of the 
people work here (whites as well as blacks), and in the fall of 
the year, little boys and girls like yourselves can be seen out 
in the fields, picking cotton. Perhaps you may think, "What 
has become of all the negroes?" 

A great many of them are here yet, but they are free and 
work for themselves, unless some one hires them. Some of 
them have sought other ways and places of making a living 
besides staying here and raising cotton. 

"Now tell us about sweet potatoes." Certainly; they 
grow in the ground the same as Irish potatoes, yet often 
much larger and better. When baked, the nearest thing 
that I can compare them to is real good baked squash, though 
they are much 
better than that. j 

There are a few 
fruit trees here, 
but they seldom 
bear fruit, be- 
cause the win- 
ters are so warm 
the buds open 
too early and the 
frost catches 
them. The peach 
trees are now in 
full bloom. When 
the trees here do 
bear fruit, it ha,s 
not that delicious 

flavor for which '"'^^"^-;"^tt^!«&'S^^S:*i>>;Vvfs.-;i 

the fruit of Utah ' "■^'^'' " ' ' ^•-^^'^'^''^' ^nN^""^ 

is noted. PICKING AND B.\1UNG COTTON. 

How thankful we ought to be to our Heavenly Father for 
guiding our parents to the valleys of the mountains, where 
we can serve God according to the dictates of our consciences, 
and for blessing the land so that we can produce almost ever\'- 
thing that is necessary to make us happy and comfortable. 

That God will bless everyone of us with a desire to build 
up Zion is the prayer of 

Your brother in the gospel, 

A. D. M. 



DIALOGUE, 

Between a Mother and her Little Child. 



BT J. A. L. 




Child. — Mother, why cannot we see God just as we see 
each other? 

. Mother. — Because He is holy and without sin, and we are 
simple and not in a condition to see Him. 

C. — Can't the Lord talk as we talk to one another? 
M.— Yes; the Bib'e tells us about a talk He had with 
Father Adam in the Garden of Eden ; and He once talked 
with a boy named Samuel. 

C— Please tell me more about that, mother. If he talked 
with Samuel, why not with me and other children ? 

M. — Samuel was dedicated to the Lord from his birth, and 
he did right, and the Lord loved him. 

C — What will the Lord look like, mother, when we see 
Him. 

M. — He will look like a man, my child. He was once in a 
low condition like us, but has become pure and holy, and is 
high above us. 

C. — Y'^es, I re- 
member, now, 
that you read to 
me the other day 
in the Bible 
where it said that 
God created man 
in His own im- 
age. 

M. — If we are 
like God, must 
He not have a 
body and feet, 
hands and a face 
like us ? 

C. — Yes, moth- 
er, I should think 
so. 

M. — Yes, my 
child, if we keep 



A nr.ACK cloud makes the traveler mend his pace, and mind 
his home; whereas a fine day and a pleasant way waste his 
time, and that stealeth away his affections in the pr()si)cct of 
the countr}'. However otluM's may think of it. yet I take it as 
a mercy, that nuw ami then some chjiids come between me and 
my sun, aii<l majiy times sume Iniublcs do (•(nici'al my cumtiirls; 
litr T perceive if I should find ton much tiiciidshiji in any iiiu in 
my jiilgrimage, I should soon liirt'i'l njy tiulu'r's house. iiMiliuy 
licrtnitage. — />r. Liu-ns. 



His commandments we shall become like Him, pure and holy, 
and then we can go where He is. 

C. — Shall we not be hapjiy, very happy there, mother? 

M. — Yes. for there will be no ]iain, nor sorrow, nor anything 
to hurt us. 

C. — Mother, did not oiu' little Freddy go to heaven when 
he died ? 

M. — Yes, for the Lord has said that little children are pure 
in His sight. Can you not re|)eat what Jesus said about 
little children when He was on the earth? 

C. — Yes, mother, I remember that He said : "Suffer little 
children to come unto me, and forbid them not, for of such 
is the kiiurdom of heaven. 



Pain itself is not willmut its alleviations. It may be violent 
iinil fre(|UeMt. lnU it is seldom liotli violent and long continued; 
anil il.s |iausi's and intermissions Itecouie positive pleasures. Jt 
has the power of shedding a .satisfaction over iiilei\.ils ofea.se, 
which 1 believe few enjoyments exceed. — I'ldri/. 



•X^TJI* 



m 




TTD^^NTEllNriLE in^STZR^TJOTOI?.. 




THE CHILDRENS tSONO-PRAYER. 



Bt E. Stephens. 



Andante. 




^-^-:*:£d 



Band and Heav'nly Father, 



''ather,' from Thy 'ho - ly awellini:' See Thy lit - tie chil - dren singhigpvivse to Thee . 



ri:rq=:=]— I — | 1^=1 — ^p^ 1— F— i — «*— i — ' 







Hear our lit - tie voic - es of Thy goodness telling, Let our many fol - lies all forgiven 



be. 






:^=::1r 



CHORUS. 

^^_ J 



!*=:«; 



-r- 



1 — r 



i=SKgi 



itzii:: iS=*^J»- 



.1 fflj_3 ^^ — ^— CT 1 1 — =^^ ^-^^_ 

in us: Tune our youthful voices to Thy ^ 




Smile in love up - on us; shed Thy Spir - it on us; Tune our youthful voices to^ ^ ^^--., ^ 

■ — 1^ — ^ ^~~*v -^ 



praise. 




Till the song we're singing, 

P 0JEg=^Eg^ g 



to the heaven ringing 



1 *^ 

Mingles with Thy ho - ly 



angels' 



lavs. 



mm 



=^ 






^_i*- 



r 



&• 



t 



H liB-- 



Father, we will prai.se Thee for Thy many blessings. 

''Vhich we are receiving from Thy bounteous hand; 
For the peaceful vales which we are now posse.-siug. 

And the streams of water flowing through the land. 



Bless the faithful leaders who are placed above us. 
As they kindly teach us here to do Thy will; 

Bless our friends and parents who so dearly luve us — 
Help us all our duties rightly lo tulUll. 




The answer to the Enigma published in No. :'. is Georoe 
Q. CANNON. AVc liave received correct solutions fVoni Jane 
Bnwon. Horrimaii; Alma D. Silcock. Riverton; William L. 
Walters. Wellsville; Sila.s D. Rawson. Hariisville; Kosa C. 
BuwriiiL'. .Tiio. F. Bowriiig, Louie AVi.\oui, Briirham (,'ity; Mar>' 
v.. Kirk. Tooele: Jane Faux, Moroni. Ida C. Wulffenstc^jn, St. 
<!ei.ri.'e: H. B. I'ate. Cninn; Sarah E. Justesen. Sl>ring City; 
.Mar.- Withers. We.-t Jordan: Hyroii U. Allred, Myra I. Allred, 
Oarileu City: .\nna I'eterson. Cliristin<' J'etersim. Henry Peter- 
son, Huntsville; Wm. Brewer. Henneferville; Emily Newman. 
Annie Newman. Jennie Smith. John V. Hhith. Ogden; Mary 
A. Christcnson, Ephraim; Charlotte Smith. Manti; Kmma M. 
Holt. Mar>- K. Holt. South Jordan; Matilda AVeck.s. Fountain 
(Ire.n; Hannah Hansen. Fillmore; Aggie Lewis. Spani.sli Fork; 
Richard J)ye. Rivenlale: Joseph S. Porter. I'orterville; T. F. 
King. Farniinirlim; l''aimie Merrill. .Vmiie Merrill. Clara Mer- 
rill. Alice K. Jaik.-Mii, .Maiigie E. Harmon. Alice .McLiiclilan. 
Tacy Conrad. Jnim W. Saunders, J. M. Thomas, 15. J. Un r. 
Salt Lake Citv. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



OEUROK Q,. CANNON, 
GBORGE: C. LAMBERT, 



. - - - KDITOH, 
BUSINESS MANAGER 



TEKMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single C(ypy, per Annum, - - - $2.00. 
OlHie, South Temple Street, one-aad-a-hali' blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




