





VOL. 8. SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1873. NO. 24 



PISHIHG. 



IN years gone 
by, we have 
o f t e n watched 
counterparts of 
the sceue repre- 
sented in the 
pretty engraving 
which adorns 
this page of the 
Instructor. 
How interested 
both brother and 
sister appear in 
watching the 
buoyant flcat, 
lest they should 
fail to notice its 
slightest move- 
ment and miss 
the opportunity 
of landing some 
little fish that 
may have nibbled 
at the tempting 
bait below. From 
the shadows in 
the bottle, we 
judge that the 
angling of our 
yoang friends has 
not been without 
some success. 

How varied arc 
our tastes ! 1 low 
many our sources 
of pleasure. In 
the same family 
even, how often 
we notice ex- 
tremely opposite 
tastes developing 
in the children. 
One son is stu- 
dious and loves 
tin: pleasure of re- 
tirement; a second 
thinks there is 
nothing m> joyous 

as the excitement 




of the chase ; a 
third with sweet 
music whiles his 
time away, whilst 
a fourth spends 
every spare mo- 
ment in angliug 
fbrthefmnj tribes 
that fill the brock- 
let and river. 
Each looks with 
f e e 1 i n g s some- 
what akiu to con- 
tempt on the hob- 
bies of bis broth- 
ers, but always 
has a good word 
for his own favor- 
ite sport or pas- 
time. As the 
French say, "clia- 
cun a son gout } 
which being trans- 
lated, means, 
"every one to bis 
taste;" or, as is 
more forcibly ex- 
pressed in sturdy 
Anglo Saxon, 
'' what is one 
man's meat is an- 
other man's pois- 
on." For ourself 
we cannot but 
think that fishing, 
like hunting, 
where engaged in 
for the pleasure 
alone, is a very 
cruel pastime. We 
well know that 
tied has created 
fish, with the 
other portions of 
the animal king- 
dom for the com- 
fort and use ol 
man; but that He 
intended us to 






186 



J~ TJ "V E nST I L B INSTRUCTOR 




i 



destroy his creatures, whether bird, beast or fish, for mere 
amusement, we ruueh doubt. True, many creatures of the aui- 
nial kiugdom would overruu us if we did not seek to lessen 
their increase; but such cannot be plead by the angler who with 
rod and line drags the struggling fish on the torturiug hook from 
his home in the blue waters. 

Fishing has not always the tranquil pleasures felt by our bright 
little friends who grace our first page. The hardships and 
perils of whaling Lave beeu told you quite lately in "A Boy's 
Voyage round the World;" aud there are other kinds of fishing 
in which the peril may not be as great, but in which the toil is 
as arduous. There are the cod fisheries on the banks of New- 
foundland, the herriug fisheries of the Germau Ocean, the oys- 
ter fisheries on the coasts both of Europe and America, with 
many others; besides which there are many peculiar fisheries iu 
which something not exactly fish is fished for, such as the seal 
fisheries of Alaska, the pearl fisheries of the Iudiau Ocean, the 
sponge fisheries of the Mediterranean Sea, the coral fisheries iu 
various places, for the depths of the great waters are full of 
strange creatures, animal and vegetable, ^of many of which men 
know but very little. 

Could we descend to the bottom [of the sea, we should find 
there, very much as it is on land, that different creatures and 
plants inhabit different temperatures and different depths. The 
warmth of the water has much to do with its inhabitants. A 
current of warm water is as effectual in preventing certaiu crea- 
tures from passing beyond the limits of their habitations, as a 
wall of flame would be on the dry land. Some species dwell 
only in the low bottoms, the deep waters appearing to form an 
impassable barrier to them. The gulf stream nourishes beiugs 
to which the colder waters would prove fatal; whilst on the 
other hand, its genial temperature is as dangerous to species 
that flourish in the icy northern seas. 

There is a great difference in the aspect of the bottom of war.u 
and cold seas. The fishes and marine animals are not the same, 
neither are the plants that grow, unseen and unknown to man, 
of the same species. The richest vegetation is found in the 
temp. rate zones. Here flourish immense forests, the homes 
offuh, mollusks and crabs. As we proceed into the warmer 
waters near the equator, vegetation becomes less abundant aud 
less varied. The waters in the frozen regions of the earth are 
nut mure suited to the growth of deep sea plants than the too 
highly heated waters of the torrid zone. Flowers preserve 
their beauty under the snow, but the polar ice does not seem to 
perform a similar kind office fur marine plants. 

Some few years ago it was supposed that all animal and plant 
life ceased long before the greatest depths of the ocean were 
reached, but recent discoveries have made known that life in 
great variety and abundance exists many thousand feet be-low 
the surface of the sea. Creatures resembling more the fabled 
drag 'ii <if olden story than any habitant of tlie land or air, aud 
others of strange and uuthought of forms, have been dredged 
from their deep, dark homes. Possibly by the zeal of men of 
- ■ - i ■ - * i « - ■, we may in a few years know as much of these creatures 
U we do now of the lion or eagle; but at present there appears 
to be many difficulties in the way of men exploring the unf'ath- 
omed recesses of the mighty deep. As yet, men have not 
1 to resist the great pressure of the water, which increases 
continually as we descend, and other obstacles stand in the way, 
which, so far, compel the* philosopher and traveler to almost 
wholly confine hi* researches to the dry land — his natural ele- 
ment. 



M' sic F.rtR \t\. — In the last number of our music there are 
three mistakes; In the eleventh measure, the first and 
ites of the treble should be K -> and I>; in the seventeenth 
measure, the last note in the tenor ion the bass staff) should be 
A; also, the last note of the treble in the eighteenth measure 
should be D, 



-A. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

BOY'S VOYAGE IROTTIsro 

THE WOIRXjID. 
(Continued.) 



rpiIE Gallapagos (Turtle Islands) are crossed by the equator 
X and grouped between the 89° and 92° of west longitude. 
They consist of six large and several small islands, all of vol- 
canic origin. Albemarle, the largest, is sixty miles long and 
fifteen broad, with mountains from four to five thousand feet 
high. St. Charles was the only island of the group inhabited 
at the time of our visit. Here some twenty miserable beings 
managed to live by trading terrapin for ships' stores aud clothiug 
with vessels running near or touching at the island. At one 
time the vicinity of these islands was a very profitable whaling 
ground- during our cruise here we could couut from ten to forty 
sail in sight at any time, all diligently "blubber huuting." A 
century previous to the advent of the whalemen, the spacious 
aud secure bays, the delicious terrapio and the nutritious prickly 
pear and wild cabbage, the millions of sea fowl, the sea teeui- 
iug with fish aud the salt found on these islands, made them iu 
all respects a fitting aud well adapted rendezvous for those sea 
robbers, generally called buccaneers, who for fifty years were a 
terror to the Spanish settlements ou the South American coast. 
The buccaneers owe their origin to the selfish and jealous pol- 
icy of Spain. In the early part of the sixteenth century English 
aud French vessels bound on trading adventures found their 
way to the West India colouies. The Spaniards, alarmed 
at the enterprise, adopted a system of oppressive interference 
with ships of every natiou that ventured near the tropics. 
This inaugurated a correspoudiug resistance on the part of the 
traders, aud soon gave rise to the well-known maxim, "No 
peace beyond the line." Drake, Ealeigh, Cumberland and 
others of little less fame, may be said to be the originators ot 
the free fighting system carried on in the southern seas that 
fifty years later was pushed to the extreme by Morgan, Ficrre 
LeGraude, Montbar, Lolonuoise and a host of other adventur- 
turers and pirates. The term buccaneer was adopted from the 
Caribs, who called the meat which they prepared by smoking 
and drying boucan. Tho French preferred the name Fhbustier, 
said to be a corruption of the English word freebooter. I he 
Dutch called them sea-rovers; and Brethem of the Coast, was 
another general name for this fraternity of outlaws. Men of 
respectable families, induced by a love of adventure and other 
not very respectable causes, who cutercd this association would 
usually lay aside their real names; others would soothe their 
imaginations with a term less allied to every species of crime 
and excess of the brotherhood, such as Fampicr, Swan, Rogers 
and others, who always spoke of the brotherhood as "pri- 
vateers." The Gallapagos was to buccaneers iu the south sea 
what Tortuga had been to their predecessors in the West In- 
dies, a convenient rendezvous for careening and fitting out their 
ships. Their chief virtue was courage, the fear of tho gallows 
frequently carrying them to do deeds unparalleled by other war- 
like bands. Their hardihood and powers of extreme endur- 
ance exerted iu a better cause would have won them a lastiug 
fame. Their grand principle, fidelity, or "honor among 
thieves," was scrupulously observed, it being so essential to 
their existence. The most able, active, fortunate and brave ot 
their number was elected commander, but all fighting men as- 
sisted at councils. Tho same power which chose their leader 
could displace him. Personal quarrels were settled by duel, 
and offenders agaiust the laws of the fraternity were visited by 
different punishments, such as death, abandonment on a desert 
island or simply expelling from the society. As a general thing 
members were permitted to voluntarily quit the brotherhood 
when inclination directed. In the division of their booty they 
followed nearly the same laws which regulated privateers of 
D ore modern times — the owner's share being included in those 



&=: 







JTJYEHILB IFSTBTJOTOB, 



187 




of the company who were themselves the owners. The day 
and place for embarkation being fixed, every man repaired on 
board the ship with a specified quantity of powder and shot. 
Provisions, consisting mostly of pork, was prccured by steal- 
ing from the Spaniards who raised large herds of swine. 
Turtle, slightly salted, and beef were also articles of food. 
Bread they never tasted at sea, using, when they could get it, 
cassada, maize and potatoes. All hands fared alike, without 
distinction between the captain and the meanest seaman. 
Everything prepared for the cruise, a final council was held, 
which determined the plan of operations. Articles were 
drawn up and subscribed to which regulated the division of 
the spoil. The carpenter, the sail-maker, the surgeon and the 
captain were the first paid out of the common stock. Wounds 
were next considered. The most useful member of a bucca- 
neer's body was the right arm, for the loss of which he received 
six slaves or six hundred pieces of eight ($600,00). For the loss 
of an eye or finger, he received one slave. The commander 
received five shares; the mate, two; boys, a half share. All the 
members of the crew shared equally. 

Their first maxim in the code was, "no prey no pay," and 
their watchword, "beauty and booty." Their d^ess has been 
described as corresponding with their brutal and ferocious char- 
acter. Some authors have described it as a fixed costume, but 
doubtless the same necessity that dictates the savage to clothe 
himself in skins, prompted the buccaneer to adopt the filthy 
and horrid garb he wore. This consisted of a shirt and pants, 
soaked in the blood of cattle, hunted and killed, buskins of 
hide, a cap with a small front, a leather belt, into which were 
stuck sabres, pistols and knives. The bloody garments, attrib- 
uted to design, were probably among the hunters the effect of 
chance and slovenliness. Among some few of the buccaneers 
we hear of a perverted sense of religion, as offering up prayers 
for success before starting on a piratical expedition, and also 
giving thanks to God for victory. Oae commander shot a 
seaman for behaving improperly at mass, but had no religious 
scruples to deter him from robbing the church of the images 
and chalices belonging to it when the mass was over. 

Both English and French writers of a certain class boast of 
the unparallelled exploits and frank and liberal dealings of the 
buccaneers among themselves. Writers of fiction love to im- 
mortalize and grace their characters with many brilliant traits 
of generosity and nobleness of feeling; but it is with little or no 
truth. In the buccaneer was united all the cruelty and ferocity 
of the savage, with the rapacity and degradation found in the 
lowest and most imperfect class of civilized men. In fact there is 
nothing in their history to elevate their character above those 
bravos and lawless ruffians who inhabit our jails. Yet there is 
a vivid interest about their roving adventures, and a natural 
desire felt to learn how men placed in circumstances so different 
to the modes and usages of civilized social life thought and 
acted. And from their privation, their endurance and the vicis- 
situdes i.f their nautical life, throwing all other tales of mara- 
time adventure into insignificance, when compared with the 
hardships heroically and voluntarily sustained by the buccaneers 
from a love of a life of unlimited license and a thirst for Span- 
ish gold, we learn another lesson: the greediness and selfishness 
of mankind and the inclination and temptation to du what is 
wrong. 

To that narrow policy and oppression of the Spaniards, with 
tkeir absurd commercial laws, we justly assign the cause and 
origin of the rising up of these predatory hordes, and 
(in their heads fell the brunt and vengeance of the maraud- 
ing hosts, haunting the ocean and coasts, destroying their 
settlements, enslaving the inhabitants, and almost cutting 
oil' their commerce by sea. One hundred years after, the buc- 
caneers retreated from the South Sea. Belies of their seals 
made of turf and stones, empty jars, those in which Peruvian 
wiuc is kept, and nails, daggers, and other artii les left by them 



were found on the Gallapagos islands, and little else have they 
left us but a name 

"Linked to one virtue and a thousand crimes," 

{To he continued.) 



Qer>a 



opmjtonluttct. 



Copenhagen, Octobers, 1S73. 
To the readers of the Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Children;— I am here afar off in the world, in my native 
city, and where I lived until I was twenty-five years old, at which 
time I was called away hy the gospel. My paicnts were also horn 
here, as well as my brother and sister and my eldest child. Tou 
might think it a pleasure to mc to he here, but it is not, only in a 
small degree and in a certain sense which I cannot name. 

I have thought a brief description of this place would be acceptable 
to you. Most of j'ou never saw any of the large cities of the world. 
This is a fair sample of cities in Europe, although it is not very large, 
nor is it very ancient, for it is only seven hundred years old. It num- 
bers about S00.0U0 inhabitants. The largest part of it is built upon 
tealand, the largest of the Danish isles, and the other part on a snisll 
island called Amager. The sound, which separates these two lands, 
forms an excellent harbor. At the outer part of this harbor is the 
navy yard, on holmes, or small islands, made up in shallow water 
where the sea formerly covered the land. This has, of course, cost a 
great amount of labor. This navy yard, the harbor and the older parts 
of the city arc encircled by a iine of ramparts with bastions; and 
Copenhagen was formerly consideied one of the best fortided cities 
in Europe. In Danish it Is called Kiobenhaon, wh.ch simply means 
a "mercantile harbor." The Roman historians call it Hafniii. But 
sometimes the poets call it Axclstad; that is Axel city, after the 
man's name that first commenced to build it, who was, a man of great 
renown. 

What I call ramparts are embankments of earth made up solid, 
and clad with a green sward on each side, and being planted with 
beautiful shade trees, they constitute first class public walks. For- 
merly one or two large fine looking windmills were situated on each 
of the bastions, but now there are bnt few left. 

Most of the cities of the world have been commenced without any 
expectation of their becoming greater: for this rea-on their older por- 
tions are always very irregular. Thus we find it here; but here are 
large districts which have been built lately. These are laid out with 
r. gularity and are more convenient and healthy. Some men here are 
the owners of many houses and live by the rents which they take in 
from their occupants. These houses are buildings calculated for sev- 
eral or for many families. Very few are built to accommodate ore 
family alone. Dear children, how « ould j - ou like to live in a building 
where m ny families were living in various parts? Some on the rit;lit 
and some on the lelt; some above your head and others beneath your 
feet? Think of it! Some houses are seven stories high and all occu- 
pied by tenants. Formerly the servant girls had to carry all the 
water that was used in the houses up the stairs in wooden pails-, hut 
now it is had everywhere by means of pipes which are arranged sys- 
tematically throughout the whole city and supplied by the power of 
machinery, which is called the water works. 

Like other cities among the so called civilized nations, Copenhagen 
has its streets lit up at night by lamps. Formerly, train or fish oil 
was used for this purpose, lint new it is done by gas. The gas works 
hcrearesaid to be among the greatest in the world. In the winter 
they keep three hundred hands busily employed. I sometimes lodge 
at a brother's houf C who works there, and his appearance shows that 
it is hard and unhealthy labor. The gas is also sent nil over the oily 
in pipes, like the water. 

In this city arc several very high and strongly built towers; some 
with fine steeples on and some without. One lostits beautiful steeple 
In the great conflagration of 1795; and another more beautiful, with 
bell music in, was destroyed In the bombardment Of 1807. Here i> 
one high steeple with a stairway winding up around tin' outside. 
Each of these towers affords line sights of the city and Its vicinities. 
The Bourse, or Meichants' Exchange building 1ms a very curious 
Btceple. It represents four huge serpents, wound around the steeple 
uniting their lulls at the spire In this building Is a splendid hall in 

which the Japanese Ambassadors were invited to a banquet or grand 
dinner. 

There are several large public gardens, which are very beautiful, and 
the graveyards are also Kept in a line condition. 

There are several royal palaces and many other public buildings, 
some of which are very lame and extensive; such as barracks for sol- 
diers and marines; theatres, hospitals, university building- and 
others. 

Doubtless many of the readers of the INSTRUCTOR "111 have the 

privilege of visiting this and other great cities of the world as I am 
now to proclaim tbi gospel. P. O, FTaxson. 



A vol NO uian idle, nn old man needy. 



life . 





18S 



JVYEITILB IUSTBTJOTOB, 




f)B* $>&HniU ittslUttcfoe. 



CEORCE 


o. 


CANNON 


- 




EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, 


NOV 


EMBER 


9 o 


1873. 





EDITORIA L T HOUGHTS. 

NEW geueration has grown up since the 
church came to these valleys, and they 
know but very little about the persecutions 
and sufferings which their fathers and 
mothers and friends endured in former 
years. Occasionally something is said iu 
reference to these scenes, but, amid I he 
prosperity which has attended the settle- 
ment of these valleys and the peace 
which has prevailed, past events are 
>re rarely alluded to. The recent death of 
other Isaac Laney, iu the 10th Ward of this 
y, has brought back very vividly to the minds 
some of tha older Saints the persecutions 
lich the Saints endured in the State of Missou- 
J ri. Brother Laney died on the 31st of October; 
his funeral took place on Sunday, the 2nd of Novem- 
ber. Thirty-five years and one day before his death 
he was shot eleven times, several bullets passing 
through his body. This was at Ilaun's Mill, in the 
state of Missouri. He was nursed and administered 
to by the ciders and was miraculously healed. For thirty-five 
years he has been a living miracle, and a witness unto th ; s gen- 
eration of the power of God manifested through the gifts of 
the gospel. Brother Laney' s life has been an exemplary one. 
He has lived and died a faithful Latter-day Saint, and has gone 
to the paradise of God to await the first resurrection. 

It will be interesting to the readers of the Juvenile to know 
the circumstances of the bloody tragedy at Haun's Mill. The 
Saints had been driven from Jackson County, afterwards from 
Clay County, and had taken refuge iu Caldwell County, a county 
in which nobody owned land but the Latter-day Saints. The 
mob organized under the orders of the governor of the State, 
and commenced those outrages which ended iu the expulsion of' 
the Saints from the State of Missouri. A number of the Saints 
had settled at Ilaun's Mill, on Shoal Creek, a few miles below 
Far West, the city where the Saints were principally congre- 
gated. A number of families of Saints were moving up to join 
their brethren and sisters, and stopped at Ilaun's Mill. Prom 
other parts of the county the brethren and sisters had been 
counseled to gather up to Far West for safety; but at Ilaun's 
Mill they felt secure, and had sent word to that effect to the 
prophet Joseph Smith. The mob had signed and entered into 
a treaty with the brethren at Haun's Mill, and it was under- 
stood that it should bo a sort of neutral ground. They were 
to exercise mutual forbearance and exert themselves to prevent 
hostilities upon either side. Everything was peaceful and quiet 
in the settlement when the mob broke upon them. We will 
relate what octai red, in the language of President Joseph 
Young, Sen., who was at Ilaun's Mill, and who afterwards 
made the affidavit from which we make the following extract; 

<: Oo Tuesday, the .'iOth, that bloody tragedy was acted, the 
scenes of which I shall never forget. More than three-fourths 
of the day had passed i'i tranquility, as smiling as the preced- 
ing one. I think there was no individual of our company that 
was apprised of the sudden and awful fate that hung over our 
heals like an overwhelming torrent, which was to change the 
prospects, the feelings, and circumstances of about thirty fami- 
lies, The bank- of Shoal Creek on cither .-idc (coined with 



children sporting and playing, while their mothers were engaged 
i'i domestic employments, and their fathers employed in guard- 
ing the mills and other property, while others were engaged in 
gathering in their crops for their winter consumption. The 
weather was very pleasant, the sun shone clear, all was tranquil 
and no one expressed any apprehension of the awful crisis that 
was near us — even at our doors. 

'■It was about four o'clock, while sitting in my cabin with my 
babe in my arms, and my wife standing by my side, the door 
being open, I cast my eyes on the opposite bank of Shoal Creek 
and saw a large company of armed men, on horses, directing 
their '.ourse towards the mills with all possible speed. As they 
advanced through the scattering trees that stood on the edge of 
the prairie they seemed to form themselves iuto a three square 
position, forming a vanguard in front. 

"At this moment, David Evans, seeing the superiority of 
their numbers, (there being two hundred and forty of them, 
according to their own account,) swung his hat, and cried for 
peace. This not being heeded, they continued to advance, and 
their leader, Mr. Nehemiah Gomstock, fired a gun, which was 
followed by a solemn pause of ten or twelve seconds, when, all 
at once, they discharged about one hundred rifles, aiming at a 
blacksmith's shop into which our friends had fled for safety ; 
and charged up to the shop, the cracks of which between the 
logs were sufficiently large to enable them to aim directly at the 
bodies of those who had there fled lor refuge from the fire of 
their murderers. There were several families tented iu rear of 
the shop, whose lives were exposed, and amidst a shower of 
bullets fled to the woods in different directions. 

"After standing and gazing on this bloody scene for a few min- 
utes, a;;d finding myself in the uttermost danger, the bullets 
haviug reached the house where I was living, I committed my 
family to the protection of heaven, and leaviug the house on the 
opposite side, I took a path which led up the hill, followiug in 
the trail of three of my brethren that had fled from the shop. 
While ascending the hill, we were discovered by the mob, who 
immediately tired at us, and continued to do so till we reached 
the summit. In descending the hill, I secreted myself in a 
thicket of bushes, where I lay till eight o'clock in the evening, 
at which time I heard a female voice calling my name in an 
undertone, telling me that the mob had gone and there was no 
danger. 1 immediately left the thicket, and went to the house 
of Benjamin Lewis, where I found my family (who had fled 
there) in safety, and two of my friends mortally wounded, one 
of whom died before morning. Here we passed the painful 
night iu deep and awful reflections on the scenes of the preced- 
ing evening. 

"After daylight appeared, some four or five men, with myself, 
who had escaped with our lives from the horrid massacre, re- 
paired as soon as possible to the mills, to learn the condition of 
our friends, whose late we had hut too truly anticipated. When 
we arrived at the house of Mr. Hiun, we found Mr. Met rick's 
body lying in the rear of the house, Mr. McBride's iu fiont, 
literally mangled from head to foot. We were informed, by 
Miss Rebecca Judd, who was an eye-witness, that he was shot 
with his own gun, after he had given it up, and then cut to 
pieces with a corn cutter by a Mr. Bogcrs of Davies County, 
who keeps a ferry on Grand River, and who has since repeat- 
edly boasted of this act of savage barbarity. Mr. York's body 
we found in the house, and alter viewing these corpses, we 
immediately went to the blacksmith's shop, where we found 
nine of our friends, eight of whom were already dead; the 
other, Mr. Cox, of Indiana, struggling in the agonies of death, 
who expired. We immediately prepared aid carried them to 
the place of interment. This last office of kindness due to the 
relics of departed friends, was not attended with the customary 
ceremonies or decency, for we were in jeopardy, every moment 
expecting to be fired upon by the mob, who, we supposed, were 
lying in ambush, wailing for the first opportunity to despatch 








CT JJ "V IE IsT I !_. E I1TSTBITCTOB. 



189 




the remaining few who were providentially preserved from the 
slaughter of the preceding day. However, we accomplished 
without molestation this painful task. The place of burying 
was a vault in the ground, formeily intended for a well, into 
which we threw the bodies of our friends promiscuously. 
Among those slain I will mention Sardius Smith, son of Warren 
Smith, about nine years old, who. through fear, had crawled 
under the bellows in the shop, where he remained till the mas- 
sacre was over, when he was discovered by a Mr. Glaze, of 
Carroll County, who presented his rifle near the boy's bead, 
and literally blowcd oft" the upper part of it. Mr. Stanley, of 
Carroll, told me afterwards that Glaze boasted of this fieud-like 
murder, and heroic deed all over the country. 

"The number killed and mortally wouuded in this wanton 
slaughter was eighteen or nineteen, whose names as far as I 
recollect w re as follows — Thomas McBride, Levi N. Merrick, 
Elias Bonner, Josiah Fuller, Benjamin Lewis, Alexander Camp- 
bell, Warren Smith, Sardius Smith, (aged twelve years,) George 
S. Richards, Mr. William Napier, Mr. Augustine Harmer, Mr. 
Simon Cox, Mr. Hiram Abbott, Mr. John York, Charles Mer- 
rick, (a boy eight or nine years old,) John Lee, John Byers, 
and three or four others, whose names I do uot recollect, as they 
were strangers to me. Among the wounded who recovered 
were Isaac Laney, Nathan K. Wright, Mr. William Yokum, 
two brothers by the mine of Jacob and George Myers, Tarltou 
Lewis, Mr. Jacob Haun. and several others, Jacob Fotitz, 
Jacob Potts, Charles Jimison, John Walker, Alma Smith, aged 
about nine years. Miss Mary Stedwell, while fleeing, was shot 
through the hand, and, fainting, fell over a log, into which they 
shot upwards of twenty balls. 

''To finish their work of destruction, this band of murderers, 
composed of men from Davies, Livingston, Ray, Carroll, and 
Chariton counties, lei by some of the principal men of that 
section of the upper country, (among whom I am informed were 
Mr. Ashby, of Chariton, member of the State Legislatuie; 
Colonel Jennings, of Liviugstou County; Thomas 0. Bryon, 
clerk of Livingston County; Mr. Whitney; Dr. Randall ; and 
many others) proceeded to rob the houses, wagons and tents of 
bedding and clothing; drove off horses and wagons, leaving 
widows and orphans destitute of the necessaries of life ; and 
even stripped the clothing from the bodies of the slain. 
According to their own account, they fired seven rounds in this 
awful butchery, making upwards of sixteen hundred shots at a 
little company of men, about thirty in number." 

Sardius Smith, who was shot in the blacksmith's shop, tried 
to excite the sympathy of these cruel men by telling them that 
he was an American boy; but his entreaties had no effect upon 
them — they blew his braius out. His little brother, AlmaS. 
Smi:h, received a terrible wound through the hip. He, seeing 
his father and brother both killed, thought they would shoot 
him again if he stirred; so he pretended to be dead, and lay 
perfectly still among the dead, until he heard his mother call 
him after dark. He has lived to become an active missionary 
in foreign lands, and is at the present time counselor to Bishop 
Cluff, in Summit County. 

These murderers escaped all punishmcut from the law for 
their crimes but this innocent blood will be avenged. The 
Lord has dealt and will deal with these murderers and their 
posterity. He has said, "vengeance is mine and I will repay," 
and his justice can uot sleep. 

Do daily and hourly your duty: do it patiently and thorough- 
ly. Do it as it presents itself; dj it at the moment, and let it 
be its own reward. Never mind whether it is known or ac- 
knowledged or not, but do not fail to do it. 






!i i'K"\ ;. thy friend privately, commend him publicly, 



TZHZIE BEACON 



OUR little picture presents us with a night scene on the walls 
of some feudal castle of olden times, long before the days 
of the electric telegraph and locomotive. In the foreground 
two weary men in armor lie reposing, whilst their comrade 
armed with a huge battle ax, stiuds guard, watching and listen- 
ing that no enemy surprise the stronghold; and in the distance 
the massive form of the castle keep looms dimly in sight. 

But it is not to the castle, its keep or its defenders that we 
desire to draw attention, but to the signal fire that flares on the 
wall, and to the answering flame on some far off hill or turret, 
which can be discerned as a small speck in our picture. We 
cannot tell what particular meaning these answering fires have. 
They may be a call to arms of the feudal baron's retainers, they 
may announce the coming of a foe, or have some more peaceful 
import; but such was the way in ages past cf alarms, calls to 
arms, and important tews being conveyed from one end of a 
kingdom to the other: and it is somewhat a matter of surprise 
how rapidly news could be conveyed by these beacon lights. 
Even in our days, during the late war of secession, it is affirmed 
that the negroes in the south, by means of some secret mode of 

passing news 
one to another, 
conveyed intel- 
ligence of bat- 
§ ties or other 
it important 
events in ad- 
vance of the 
mails or mes- 
sengers. 

Of course, in 
undent days, 
when impor- 
tant news had 

to be conveyed by means of these signals, there was as a mode 
or system which the officers in charge of the beacons thoroughly 
understood. In the first place, the signal stations were posted 
in the most conspicuous places, on the walls of the castles or on 
the summits of hills or mountains, just where their light could 
be best seen by the surrounding stations. Then by different 
signs different messages were conveyed. The burning of one 
fire would mean one thing, the lighting of two something else. 
If a fire was lighted and quickly put out, it would couvey a dif- 
ferent idea to that understood if it was allowed to burn for any 
great length of time. Torches were also used. Sometimes a 
number were lighted, and the way in which they were grouped 
and handled would tell the talc. Sometimes thty were swung 
in various directions, just as railroad men will in these days 
give notice to an engine driver to go on or stop his train by 
swinging a lamp backwards and forwards, round and round, or 
in some other way, which can be easily distinguished in the 
darkness of night, and which the driver understands. 

In most countries the beacon light is now a thing of the past, 
as a news carrier, the swifter and more sure electric telegraph 
has superseded this cumbersome and uncertain mode of convey- 
ing information. Still amongst the tribes of Indians of this 
continent and other semi-civilized or barbarous nations, means 
similar to this are still in use, for it is often needful to convey 
news in advance of the fleet horse, as he and his rider may 
bring the news and the calamity at the same time. 

The kindest and happiest paii 
Will find occasion to forbear; 
And something, every day they live, 
To pity, and perhaps forgive, 






190 



CTTJ^SJlsriLE IUSTBTJOTOR. 




HI I S T 



T O IR, "2" OF 

CHTJBO HI. 

(Continued.) 



T HI DE 



rPHE season of 184S was a very dry one, the roads were dusty, 
X the grass was scarce. The teams in the companies were 
heavily loaded, and in consequence the traveling was slow and 
tedious. Sixty-three days were occupied in traveling from the 
Elkhorn river to the last crossing of the Sweetwater, at an 
average of 12 miles per day, the companies resting twenty-two 
days, including Sundays, to recruit and strengthen the cattle. 
The loss of cattle on the route was considerable; and it is a 
fact worthy of notice here that the percentage of deaths of cat- 
tle on the plaius has always been much greater in traius where 
cattle brought from the States were worked than in those in which 
cattle raised in thc^e valleys were used. Trains have been sent 
from here many seasons to bring up the poor. In goiugand return- 
ing the cattle have traveled upwards of two thousand miles, yet 
the loss of life among them has been very small. They are ac- 
customed to the kind of feed to be met with on the plains, and 
will not eat poisonous grasses, or drink alkali water, as many 
cattle raised in the States do. 

President Young's company was divided into four divisions 
on the 10th of July, for greater convenience in traveling; and 
about the same time Bro. Kimball's company was divided. 
Traveling in small companies where grass was scarce was much 
better for the cattle, and more pleasant for the people, for the 
dust created by the traveling of a large company of several hun- 
dred wagons was very disagreeable. 

Fearing that Dr. Richards and Aniasa Lyman's company 
might be weak in teams, Presidents Young and Kimball sent 
letters by express to them, counseling them, if in difficulty for 
the want of cattle, to keep their companies together and con- 
tinue moving so as to get west of the South Pass, and to send 
word what their circumstances were and what help they requir- 
ed. They exp.ctcd to send them all the assistance they needed 
from the Valley. These companies behiud were kept well 
informed of the progress of thjse ahead of them from the 
communications left on the way. Sometimes a copy of the 
camp journal was written and placed in a notch in a tree in 
some prominent place, sometimes in a post stuck in the ground; 
but whenever a large buffalo skull or other suitable bones were 
found near the road, pencils were called into use and some par- 
ticulars were written on them. In this way much information was 
communicated to those behiud, as very few teamsters who had 
pencils ever passed good white bones, suitable for writing on 
without picking them up or stopping to scribble something on 
them. In those days buffalo were very numerous on the plains 
and their skulls were plentifully scattered over the ground. 

The first of President Young's company arrived in Salt Lake 
Valley on the 20th of September, and President Kimball's a 
few days after. In the first company one boy was drowned in 
the Elkhorn river, a child of 34 days and a woman of 4o years 
died, and two persons had their legs broken. Some other 
slight accidents also occurred. Several children were born on 
the route. In the last company a gill of six years was killed 
and a woman of 12S years died, and several children were born. 
The health of the people was remarkably good, and no better 
argument in favor of plain, and even meagre living and out-door 
exercise can be adduced than the excellent health enjoyed by the 
Saints in crossing the plains in those years and in the first set- 
tlement of this Valley. There was but little variety of fi.od and 
the allowance was very scanty; the people dwelt in tents, and 
a good covered wagon as a bed room was a luxury that very 
many did not have; yet good health and vigor were almost 
universal. 

Teams and wagons were seut back in charge of Elder Jede- 
diah M. Grant to assist President Willard Ili'-hards and Amasa 



Lyman's company. The first of the last-named company arrived 
in Salt Lake Valley on October the 10th, and President Rich- 
ards and company on the 19th. 

The first presidency of the Church were gladly welcomed by 
the people who were residents of the Valley. They rejoiced 
in the wonderful care and preserving mercies of the Lord which 
had been over them from the time they left Illinois. The Lord 
had blessed them in the wilderness; he had fed them, delivtred 
them from the many dangers to which they were exposed and 
led them to a safe and healthy retreat, far distant from their 
former persecutors. The spirit of peace brooded over this land, 
and having been harassed and annoyed by mobs they could 
appreciate the security which they now enjoyed. Their past 
experience caused them to feel humble. They were not lifted 
one above another by one being richer than another, for they 
were nearly equal in worldly circumstances, and this caused them 
to be more equal in heavenly things. One could not feel proud 
because he had a better house, finer furniture, more fashionable 
clothiug, a greater variety of food, or any of those things of which 
men are apt to be vain; for there was but little difference in the 
houses, in the furniture, in the clothing, or in the food of the peo- 
ple at that time. They were what we would now call very poor; 
but they were a people blessed of the Lord, and were happy; 
they were obedient to counsel and were patient and long suffering. 
Their hearts were tender and the words of the servants of God 
had power with them, for their experience of the Lord's good- 
ness unto them was too recent to forget that in perfect obedi- 
ence alone there was safety. Thieving, drunkenness, profan- 
ity, litigation and strife were almost unkuown. If there were 
misunderstandings, they were easily settled or removed by the 
teachers, the Bishops or the High Council. 
('Jo be continued.^ 




The Great Bell of St. Paul's. — Every American going 
to London visits St. Paul's Cathedral as a matter of course, 
and though each knows in advance of some of its grandeur, 
nearly all are astonished to find their preconceived notions 
totally at fault. The dome and the bells especially exceed in 
size all that one has imagined in advance. The dome alone 
weighs over six million pounds, and the bell-towers are of cor- 
responding size. There are four bells in all, three in the 
Southern, and one in the Northern tower. Even the smallest 
of these bells is altogether too large to bo turned in linging; 
and were sufficient power for this purpose to be used, the great 
towers, strong as they are, would hardly stand the strain. The 
two smaller belli in the clock-tower strike the quarters, and 
above them hangs the great bell, which strikes the hours. It 
has a diameter of nine feet, and weighs eleven thousand four- 
hundred and seventy-four pounds. Aside from its great size 
and unequalled tone, it is a subject of interest from the fact 
that it is a bell haviug a history of its own. In the old days 
before the Reformation, a great bell, named Edward, in honor 
of Edward the Confessor, used to toll the hours from the clock- 
tower opposite Westminister Hall Gate. During the reign of 
William and Mary it became necessary to remove the bell, and, 
in passing under Temple Bar, it fell from the carriage on which 
it was being transported, and was broken. It was placed 
under a shed in the cathedral yard, where it remained until 
1716, when it was recast, with some additional metal, and hung 
in the clock-tower of St. Paul's, where the tourist visits to-day. 
It is never used except to strike the hours, and to toll on the 
occasion of the death of members of the royal family, the 
Bishop of London, the Deau of St. Paul's, or the Lord Mayor 
of London. 



If 1 have made an appointment with you, I owe you puue- 
turlity; I have no right to throw away your time if I do my own 



<^- 




..■■— ^^^, 



JUYB1TILE I1TSTRUOTOR 



191 




QUESTIONS AND .A.N- 
SWBRS ON THE BOOK 

oe ^vdzoR.nvEOisr. 

CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 



LESSON XLIII. 

Q- — After these unbelievers were separated from the eliurch how 
did the church progress? 

A — It had peace, and prospered exceedingly, and many were bap- 
tized. 

Q. — Did the wicked persecute the righteous in those days? 

A. — Yes; those wlio did not belong to the church persecuted the 
church. 

CJ.— What followed? . 

A.— The persecutions became so great that the people complained 
to their leaders concerning the matter. 

Q. — What did king Mosiah do? 

A. — -.e issued a proclamation that the unbelievers should not per- 
secute those who belonged to the church. 

Q. — What effect did this have upon the ; eople? 

A. — Peace prevailed; tncy prospered," built cities, and became 
wealthy. 

Q. — What noted men were numbered with these unbelievers? 

A. — Alma's 80s and the sons of Mosiah. 

Q. — What was Alma's son's name? 

A. — Alma. 

Q. — How is he described? 

A. — As a very wicked and idolatrous man; a man of many words. 

Q. — Did he have influence with the people? 

A. — Yes, he led many away and caused much dissension among 
them. 

Q. — Was he an enemy to the church of God? 

A. — Yes, and went about secretly with the sons of Mosiah to des- 
troy it. 

Q. — What happened to himnnd them on one occasion? 

A. — The angel of the Lord appeared unto them. 

Q. — What effect did this have upon the eart: ? 

A. — It shook the earth upon which the}' stood. 

Q. — Were they astonished? 

A. — So much so that they fell to the earth. 

LESSON XLIV. 

Q. — What did the angel say to Alma? 

A. — He told him to rise, and asked him why he persecuted the 
church of God. 

Q — What more did he say? 

A. — That the Lord had heard the prayers of his people and of his 
servant Alma. 

Q. — For what did Alma pray? 

A. — That his son Alma might be brought to a knowledge of the 
truth. 

Q. — When the angel ceased speaking and departed, what happened 
to Alma and the others? 

A. — They again fell to the earth. 

Q. — How was Alma affected? 

A. — He became dumb and could not open his mouth, and so weak 
that he was helpless. 

Q. — What did his companions do with him? 

A — They carried him and laid him before his father. 

Q. — When they told his father what had happened how did he 
feel? 

A. — He rejoiced, for he knew it was the power of God. 

Q. — What did he do? 

A. — He caused that a multitude should lie gathered together that 
they might witness what the Lord had done for his son and his com- 
panions. 

Q. — What more did he do? 

A.— He gathered the priests together and they began to fast and 
pray to the Lord to open the mouth of Alma and to give his limbs 
strength. 

(4.— Mow long did they fast and pray? 

A. — For two days and two nights. 

Q. — What happened then? 

A. — The limbs of Alma received strength, and he stood up and 
spoke to them. 

Q. — What did he say? 

A. — That he repented of his sins, and had been redeemed of the 
Lord, having been born of the spirit. 

Q. — What was his condition while lying helpless? 

A.— He had been racked with torment, through memory of his 
many sins. 

Q. — What delivered him? 

A. — He remembered his father's words conccrniug Jesus Christ, the 
Hedccmer of the world. 

Q.— What did he then do? 

A. — He cried unto him for mercy. 

--What followed? 

A.— He was filled with the marvelous light of God. 




Deeds are fruits, words are leaves. 



QUESTIONS -A.NID an- 
swers ON THE 
BIBLE. 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS 



Subject — Histoky of Moses. 

LESSON XLIII. 

Q — What was Moses and the elders of Israel to say unto the kin" 
of Egypt? 

A -— " Tne Lo" 1 God of the Hebrews hath met with us- and now 
let us go, we beseech thee, three days' journey into the wilderness, 
that we may sacrifice to the Lord our God." 

Q.— Did the Lord say that the king of Egypt would let them go? 

A.— No, he was sure he would not. 

Q.— What did the Lord say he would do then? 

A.— He would smite Egypt with all his wonders-, after that the 
king would let them go. 

Q.— What else did the Lord promise? 

A.— That his people should find favor with the Egyptians, and 
should not go away empty. 

Q-— What was every woman in Israel to borrow of her neighbor? 

A.— "Jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and raiment." 

Q. — Upon w hum weru these to be put? 

A.— Upon their sons and daughters. 

Q — What else was to tesult from the borrowing of jewels and rai- 
ineut? 

A.— They should spoil the Egyptians. 

Q. — What answer did Moses give the Lord? 

A.— "They will not believe me, nor hearken to my voice- for they 
will say, the Lord hath not appeared unto thee." 

Q- — What question iid the Lord then put to Moses? 

A. — "What is in thine hand?" 

Q.— What reply did Moses make? 

A.— "A rod-" 

y.— What did the Lord command Moses to do with the rod? 

A. — To east it on the ground. 

Q.— When Moses did as he was told, what did the rod become? 

A. — A f-erpent. 

Q.— What did Moses do when he saw the serpent? 

A. — He fled from before it. 

Q.— What did the Lord then tell Moses to do to the serpent? 

A.— To put forth his hand and take it by the tail. 

<-.'■ — When Moses did so what did the serpent then become? 

A — It became a rod in his hand. 

Q — Why did the Lord manifest this power unto Moses? 

A.— That the children of Is-rael might believe that the God of Abra- 
ham, Isaac and Jacob had appeared unto him. 

LESSON inr. 

Q. — What did the Lord tell Moses to do next? 

A.- To put his hand into his tosom. 

Q.— When Moses took his hand out of his bosom what appeared? 

A. — "His hand was leprous as snow." 

Q —What then did the Lord tell Moses to do? 

A. — To put his hand into his bosom again. 

Q.— When Moses took his hand out again, how did it then appear? 

A. — "ft was turned again as hi" other flesh." 

Q. — What was Mui is to do if the Israelites would not believe these 
two signs? 

A. — To "take of the water of the river and pour it upon the dry 
land." 

Q. — What was to become of this water? 

A. — 'Blood upon the dry land." 

Q.— What did Moses then tell the Lord? 

A. — That he was not eloquent, but slow of speech 

Q. — What reply did t!ie Lord m-ke? 

A. — That he had formed nun's mouth, and would teach him what 
to say. 

Q — When Moses did not appear satisfied with all these assurances, 
what effect did it produce? 

A. — "The anger of the Lord was kindled against Moses." 

Q. — Whom did the Lord appoint for a spokesman to Moses? 

A. — A : >ron, the Levitc. 

Q. — What relation was he to Moses? 

A. — His brother. 

Q. — What i.'id the Lord give to Moses to perform the signs with? 

A. — A rod. 

Q. — Where did Moses return? 

A. — To Jcthro, his fathc -in-law. 

Q. — What did Moses Fay unto him? 

A. — "Let me go, I pray thee, and return unto my brethren which 
are in Egypt, and Bee whether they be jet alive." 

Q. --What waB Jetbru's reply? 

A. — "Go in peace." 

Q. — What did the Lord then say unto Moses? 

A. — "Go, return into Egypt; for all the men are dead which fought 
thy life." 



He who talks, sows; he who listens, reaps. 





:i92 



JUVENILE HTSTRUCTOR. 




T±iE FESTAL ZD_A."5T 



Wosi>s bt Mits. E. F. Thomas. 
Moderate: 

1= 



Music bt Prof. C. J. Thomas. 




£=* 



afc=J: 



==J- 



:*^2?: 



HI 



Old and young are here as - seui - bled, Who attend the Sabbath School, Let the young to- 



P 



^=3= 



;vr=^- 



zg=*z 



:p=P= 



=±=t£=fc 



" d$ 



iSzrpz 



— i- — p — i- 



day remember 



That good order 



is the rule. 



Cheerful hearts and 



happy faces 



§~E 



tB: 



=*=zs; 



5=E 



^=S=S= 



^&£ 



:>— 



s=*=r 



One and all look blithe and gay; We have met to siug God's praises, On this gladsome festal day. 



rE> — JE 



V 



=8^fi 



^t^t 



J*-^*— *- 



-£=±=t=*=3z 



=*=2- 



*=st=* 



ftr^zf* 



m 



^=^z 



— "■!- 






il 



Listen to our cheerful voices, Parents, teachers joiu our song. We'll unite 

-I* fXz—0 1 

-\ i . r 



in 



:Ux=U=t*: 



9 ' * 



-m — <* — » — 1«- 

-E — r g i- 



l hs •— 



-l« l« l# *- 



- W P \=& 



* v> 



42=te 



-S* — ^ 



:£_-£__„ 
£=£=^=3 



£EEt 



* »« 



-i« — » — |^- 



p* ^ 







==t 



:<=£ 



S*^ 




singing praises That will please the heavenly throng. Listenl 



-0—m— **—* — ,— m T~ i* «— 1«- 



£=S^ 



n 



5*=t*= 






5 * 



Listen. 



Oh: 



1"=*==f 



« 



Listen. 



igE|§Ef 



* 



Wo arc pliildi en uf (lie kingdom. 

And we love the ways cf truth. 
Wo will grow in truth and virtue, 

Being taught thus from our yc uth. 
Then dear playmates, let's be happy, 

In tlic cause of doing right, 
And we'll uain a crown of glory, 

That will shine lioth pure and bright. 



Let us each and all endeavor 

To obey the laws of God; 
Love our teachers, love each other, 

And escape the chastening rod: 
Then we'll grow good men and women, 

And will Mess the happy day, 
That, onr Sabbath School we 'tended, 

And were taught to watch aim pray. 



Stltttib i^oclcu. 



DICK'S "W^TC EL". 




Ltar Ultle Dick, cnrled by the fire, 
.Sat watching the siia lows come and go. 

As the dancing flames leaped higher and higher, 
Flooding the room with a yellow glow. 

IIIh chubby hand on his side was pressed, 
And he tamed for a moment a listening car: 

"Mother," cried lie, "I've u''>t a watch; 
I can feel it ticking right under here 1" 

"Yes, Dick, 'Us a iratch that CJod has made, 
To marl; your hours as they fly away. 

He holds the key in His mighty hand, 
And keep: it i 'dcrnlgul and day. 

"Should he put inside the mystic key, 

' »r lay his hand on the tiny spring, 
The wheels would Btnp, and your watch run down. 

An 1 lie in your bosom a helpless thing." 

He crepl t'> my side an I whispered soft. 

While his haby voice had an awe-struck sound, 

"I wish yon would ask Him, mother dear, 
i i to remember to keep it wound." 



I HAVE a notion that dogs have humor; ana are prceptive of a 
joke. In the North, a shepherd, having sold his sheep at a 
market, was asked by the buyer to lend him his dog to take 
them home. 

<; By a' manner o' means, tak' Birkic, an' when yc'r duuc wi' 
him just phiy so— " (making a movement with his arm) "and 
he'll be home iti ajifl'y." 

Birkic was so clever and useful and gay, that the borrower 
coveted him, and, on getting to his farm, shut him up, intend- 
ing to keep him. Birkie e caped during the night and took the 
entire flock back to his own master. 

Fancy him trotting across the uxor with them, they as willing 
as he. — Dr. Brown. 



JTTVIEISrT.LIE IZT^TSTIR/CrOTOIR, 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

KVKKV OTHER SATURDAY, 

CEORCE Q CANNJN, EDITOR A PU3U3HER. 



T E It At S IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum $J 00. 

XW drain brought to this city for the .Tcvknii.k iNsntrcron wil 
bo received at the office of paper— Dbmret News Duii.dinos. 




