
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, AUGUST 15. 18G8. 



NO. IG. 



T h: E Cj^i>a::b o if isi^^^el 



IN the engraving below we have the view of an extensive 
valley, bounded by hills and mountains, in which thou- 
sands of tents are pi chad. .It is a view of the camp of the 
children of Israel in the wilderness, while journeying, under 
the direction of Moses, from Egypt to the Promised Land. 
This engraving is only intended as a representation of the 
camp. We do not suppose that if a picture had been taken 
by some person who was with Moses and the children of Israel 
at that tmie. and it had been preserved until now, that it 
would have looked hke the picture below. But this is draw i 



to be their representatives. Each one of them was the head 
of the house of his fathers. 

The tribes did not all number alike. Some were more numer- 
ous than others. Judah was the largest tribe. There were 
74,600 men over the age of twenty years in that tribe. Manas- 
sehwas the smallest tribe of the twelve. The men of that tribe 
numbered 32,200. ''But," you ask, "how came Manasseh to 
be counted as one of the tribes, wlien he was not one of.the sons 
of Jacob, but his grandson? Did not Jacob have twelve sons 
of his own without counting Manasseh?" 




from the imagination, after reading the dcscriptioh of the 
camp as given by Mnses. 



¥uu, Jftcob had twelve sons of his own. Before he died he 
was visited by his son .Joseph, wlio took with him his two sons, 



TliC cliiliiren of Israel were camped in the wilderness of Manasseh and Kphraim. .Jacob told .Joseph on that occasion 
.Sitiai, and on the first duy of the si^cond inniith, in the soc.-.nd that lie clainnil as his own the two sons of .Joseph, Manasseh 
year .nfter they came out of the land of I<jgyp(, tlic Lord spake and K|>linuu], who were born in ICgypt before Jacob went unto 
unto Moses and cotimiaudcd him to count ail the men among liini there. Tlicy were to be counted among his soiw just the 
them wlio were twenty years old and upwards. He solcc.tiid I same as if they were his own boys. He blessed them, and in 
twelve men, one from each of the tribes, to stand with Moses | l^essiug them, he placed Ephraim, who was the younger of 





JTJ'V^ElIsrilLiE] 



4- 



.'n 



M^ 












the two, before JIanasseh, and said he should be the greater. 
These two sons of Joseph, added to the twelve, made fourteen 
of Jacob's sons; but, in numbering the tribes, Joseph was not 
counted; his two soas were counted iu his stead. Neither was 
Levi counted. 

We will explain to you why Levi was not counted among the 
rest of the tribes. You recollect that before the Lord delivered 
the children of Israel out of Egypt, He showed many signs 
and wonders unto Pharaoh, who was the king of that land. 
Among the rest of the signs, and the one that appeared to 
have the greatest effect upon the obstinate and hard heart of 
the king, was the killing of all the first-born in Egypt. There 
Was not a house where there was not one dead — from the first- 
born of Pharaoh, who was the king, unto the first-born of the 
captive that was in the dungeon; and all the first-born of cattle 
were killed also. At that time the Lord hallowed unto himself 
all the first-born in Israel — both man and beast — to be His. 
He claimed them for his service; but instead of requiring the 
people of the varieus tribes to set apart their first-born for His 
service, He took the tribe of Levi and called them His; and 
He took their cattle instead of the first-born cattle of the other 
tribes. He commanded Moses to take the Levites and give 
them unto Aaron and his sons. They were to perform all the 
service of the tabernacle, under the direction of Aaron and 
his family, and were assigned their duties and the charge of 
the tabernacle, the instruments of tlie tabernacle, the ark, 



's^-n 



connected with the sanctuary and the worship 



and everything 
of the Lord. 

Then the Lord commanded Closes to count all the males of 
the tribe of Levi from a month old and upward. He did .so, 
»nd he found that they immbered 22,UU0. It .seems that Levi 
was a much smaller tribe than any of the rest. Manassch 
numbered i;2,:iU0 even wlieii the boys under twenty years of 
age were not counted. Moses then counted the first-born of 
the males of all the tribes of IsraeL And all the first-korn 
males, from a month old and upward, of the other tribes, 
wore 22,"JT3. You see the first-born males in Israel numbered 
I'T-'i more than the Levites. Then the Lord told Jloses these 
e.xtra ones, over and above the number of the Levites, would 
have to be redeemed. 'J he jirice of their redemiuion was 
five shekels apiece. A shekel amounted to about half a 
dollar. The whole amounted to about six hundred and eighty- 
two dollars and fifty cents, wliich the Lord told Moses to pay 
over to Aaron and his sons. From those explanations you 
will understand that Joseph and Levi were not counted among 
the tribes; but Ephraim and Manassch were. They made the 
twelve tribes complete. 

The males over twnty years of age of all the tribes, not 
counting the Levites, numbered iJOo, j.50. You can understand 
that it required a large nuuilier of tents for .such a host and 
tlieir women and children. The Loid gave tliem directions 
how they were to eanip, so that the tribes niight know their 
places and go to them without any confusion. Every man 
was required to pitch his tent by his own standard, with the 



ensign of 



father 



cr s iiousi?. Ill the first rxtnk; and the ones 
to >et loith first, were Judah, Is.-achar and Zebiilon. This was 
the camp of Judah, and as you see by the engraving, these 
tribes camped together on the east nide of the tabernacle. 
The seeiind camp was that of itc-uben. It was compn-ed of 
the tribes of Reuben, Simeon and <iad, and occupied the second 
rank. These tribes camped on tlie .'■outli side. The third 
rank was the camp of Ejiliraim, coin|K)se<J of the tribes of 
Epln-dim, Manas.sch and Benjamin. They camped on the 
west side. Tlie camp of Dan came next; his was the fourth 
or liiiidmost rank. It comprised the tribes of Dan, Asher and 
Napthali. Their pla;-e of camijiiig was ou the north side. 



In traveling, the tabernacle of the congregation, with the 
camp of the Levites, went between the two first and the two 
last ranks, so as to be in the midst of the armies. In camping, 
the tabernacle and camp of. the Levites, as you see in the 
engraving, were in the centre. Levi had three sons — Gershon, 
Kohath and Merari. The Gershonites were told to pitch their 
tents behind the tabernacle westward. The Kohathites pitched 
their tents on the side southward. The Merarites pitched 
theirs on the .side northward. 'I bus the Levites were inside 
the armies and immediately around the tabernacle. Moses 
and Aaron and his sons encamped before the tabernacle on the 
east, to keep charge of the sanctuary. If any stranger were 
to come nigh unto the tabernacle, he was to be put to death. 

The Lord was very particular in directing wh.Tt Aaron and 
his sons, and what each family of the Levites should do. 
In some future number we may write some very: interesting 
particulars, showing you how God honored i\aron and his sons 
before all Israel, which we can not write now for the want of 
space. 

In the engraving which we give you, the figures given as the 
number of men iu the tribe of Judah, Simeon and Asher have 
been iiut down incorrectly by the engraver. The correct 
figures are Judah 74,000, Simon i39,oOO and Asher 41,500. 



THIB STOI^'Y OIF 

li'eleclcd /rum Jacob Ahbolt's Wiilinys. 



I) ALEIGH made several ditt'crent attempts to establish colo- 
\i nies in the country, and sent at different times many ships, 
with fresh supplies of men and stores. The jwople who went met 
with a great variety of adventures, and endured indescribable, 
hardships and sufferings. Raleigh himself finally became en- 
tirely discouraged, and determined to give up the attempt. In 
the mean time, however, a great many people in England had 
become interested in the plan of settling America, and, after 
several years had passed away, and the difficulties and hard- 
ships of I'aleigh's expeditions had been in some measure 
forgotten, two companies of merchants were formed with the 
design of attempting the experiment again. Queen Elizabeth, 
in the mean time, bad died, and King James the First succeeded 
her. The companies that were formed were organized under 
powers given them by the king and they were to be under the 
general control of the king's government. The name of the 
company that intended to make a settlement in Virginia was 
the London Conipanj-. It was so named because London 
merchants chiefly were engaged in it. 

The London Company sent their first expedition to Virginia 
in 100(3. It cimsisted of three small vessels, containing a colony 
of one hundred and five men. They did not know, when they 
sailed, who were to be the rulers of the colony. That was for 
the king to decide. He had written, he said, the names of the 
persons who were to rule on a paper, which he had put in a 
box and sealed up. He gave the box to the captain of one of 
the ships, i'orbidding him to ojicn it until the expedition 
should arrive in America. What rea.son the king could have 
had for such a foolish restriction as this, one can not imagine, 
unless it was the pleasure of exercising arbitraiy power, and 
sliDwing the colonists how completely subject they were to his 

COIlt/ol. 

Among the other members of this company was one man 
who afterwards became greatly celebrated in Virginian history 
on account of bis daring and desperate si)irit, and the romantic 
adventures that he met with in tlu; colony. From his earliej^t 
youth he was very wild and reckless, lie attempted to run 



.D 



'5ii^^ 



yoi- ? 



AJQ - / 



^ A^cTujrr /-T /^<^8^ 






away when he was a boy in order to go to sea, and sold his 
school-books in order to raise money. He was stopped, how- 
ever, before he got away, and was bound appprentice to a 
merchant. He yielded to this plan at first, in hopes that the 
merchant would send hira to sea; but, as soon as he found that 
this was out of the question, he left the niorchant and went oft 
himself to the Continent. He was then about fifteen years old. 
He roamed about the world after this for ten years, during 
which time he met with a series of the most remarkable 
adventures, and had a great many hair-breadtli escapes. At 
last he came back to England, and when this company was 
formed for going to Virginia, he concluded to join them. 
His name was on the list that the king had nominated for the 
council, though none of the coloi.ists knew this until they 
arrived in America. 

On the voyage the colonists quarreled among themselves 
and had a great deal of difiiculty. They all took a strong dislike 
to Smith. They accused him of forming a plot to murder the 
council when their names should be revealed, in order to make 
himself king of the colony. Smith was a man of fine judgment. 
He had a broad and capacious mind. He was a master spirit and 
his companions could not comprehend his views. They seized 
him and put him in irons, and kept him confined during all the 
rest of the voyage. When they landed, they seemed, from 
some cause or other, to relent, and they accordingly released 
him from his confinement, but they would not allow him to 
retain his office as councilor. 

As soon as the company landed, and began to choose a place 
for their settlement, and to commence their preliminary labors, 
they found themselves involved in many difficulties. Taese 
difficulties were increased by continual disputes and disagree- 
ments with each other, and the courage and the energy that 
Smith displayed in these circumstances were so great that he 
soon made himself the real leader of the enterprise. In tact, 
he was one of those men who will lead wherever they are, and 
whose resolution and energy rise higher and higher in propor- 
tion to the dangers and difficulties that surround thci.-i. 

The ships that had brought the colonists went back to Eng- 
land, but they returned again the nest year with fresh supplies 
and more men. The colonists had suffered dreadfully during 
the interval while the ships were gone, but now they were 
relieved, and the settlement was considered as permanently 
established. 

Captain Smith, as he was called, now conceived the design of 
making an exploring tour into the interior of the country. He 
was nev;er content unless he was engaged in some daring or dan- 
gerous enterprise, and so, as soon as he and his companions 
were safe from the danger of immediate starvation, he formed 
this plan, which promised enough of difficulty and hazard to 
suit his adventurous spirit. He took an open boat and a few 
companions like himself, and set out. He had two friendly 
Indians with him to serve as guides. 

He went on up the river for about fifty miles. Then the 
water became so shallow that he could not go any farther in 
the boat, so he left the boat, with some men to guard it, and 
set off himself, with his guides and two companions, to continue 
his journey on foot. He went on for some distance safely, but 
at last his jiarty was attacked by a troop of savages that burst 
upon them suddenly out of a thicket. The savages had seen 
the boat, killed the men who had been left to guard it, and now 
had tracked Smith and his party to this place. 

At the timcwhcnthey came up, Smith's two companions were 
asleep by their camp-fire. The Indians killed those men in- 
stantly, and then pursued Smith, and when they came up with 
him, they surrounded him and wounded him with an arrow. 
Smith immediately fastened one of his guides to his left arm, 
and held him there as a shield to keep off the arrows of the 



Indians, and then, with his gun, he killed three of the foremost 
of his assailants one after another, retreating all the time as he 
fired, in hopes of making his way back to his canoe. Presentiy, 
however, he came to a sWampy place in the ground, and there 
sank in the mire so that he became entirely helpless, and then 
the Indians came up and made him prisoner. 

The savages took their prisoner to their wigwams, and began 
to treat him at once with the greatest kindness and consider- 
ation. They gave him an abundance to eat and drink, and 
showed him all other possible favors. Smith was at first fright- 
ened at this. He thought that they were going to fat him up 
and eat him. He found out, at last, that their plan was to 
induce him to become their ally and leader, and to aid them in 
an attempt that they were going to make to surprise and destroy 
the English settlement. But Smith gave them to understand 
that it was useless for them to think of such a thing. The 
settlement was strongly fortified, he said, and provided with 
dreadful engines of destruction, the nature of which he contrived 
to explain to them in some degree by the help of his musket, so 
that all attempts on their part to destroy it would be vain. 
{To be Continued.) 



(DTJ iR nvc o T h: IB I?. ." 



Our mother's lost her youthfuhiess; 

Her locks are turning grey; 
And wrinkles take the place of smiles; 

She's fading every day. 
We gaze at her in sorrow now, 

For though we've ne'er been told, 
"We can but feel the sadd'ning truth, 

Our mother's growing old. 

Our mother's lost her youthfulness; 

Her smiles are just as kind, 
Her tones to us are soft as erst; 

Where should we dearer find? 
But, as we note the trembling tongue, 

And mark the stooping form, 
A sad voice whispers to our hearts, 

Ye cannot keep her long. 



ROSES. — Girls, do you love roses? Of course you do. A 
girl who did not would be a sort of heathen, certain to develop 
into a shrew. Don't we know the sure way to win the most 
bewitching smiles, and the sweetest "0, thank you, sir," from 
our fair young friends? A single rosebud from your garden will 
set them into a little flutter of delight and gratitude. We love 
roses. The old fashioned primrose always brings a remembrance 
of the homestead well, with its solemn, creaking sweep, 
where they grew in wild luxuriance. Perhaps the little Scotch 
roses are the daintiest of all the common varieties; but we con- 
fess a weakness for blush roses, and nowhere are they more 
beautiful than on the cheeks of our girls. Why don't they 
cultivate roses? Lilies are lovely, but more suggestive of heavenly 
gardens. Ah girls, girls! why will you be afraid of tan and 
freckles? They are charming, compared with sallow faces. 
Throw down your sickly books, your music and crocheting, and 
wield the hoe and rake and spade with bold and fearless energy 
among your roses? You will be thrice rewarded for your labors. 
Do you wish to be beautiful? What woman does not? Let the 
sun dye your cheeks with its own cosmetic, until you can vie 
with the heroine of poesy. — 

"(iueon Roso of all the rose garden of girls," 
and you will no longer hear an old man, or a young one either 
complain — 

"O, why do summer roses fade?" 





J- XJ -^ E 3Sr I IL. El 



^ 



^ 






el 



&t SuiitnlU in^itntin. 



W^ 







A U GUST 15, 1 S 68 . 

E had the pleasure last Sunday of visiting 
the Sunday school in the 20th Ward, and 
we had much satisfaction in what we saw 
there. There were upwards of two hun- 
dred and twenty scholars present, as many 
V|1^Q^Y^^^*^C^ as the school-room would comfortably 
'^\^>\}'^^.^}^ hold. We noticed that this school differed 
from the other Sunday .'schools we had visited 
in the City — tliere were but very few large 
boy.s present, probably not half-a-dozen 
who were over fourteen years old. Brother 
Paul, the superintendent, explained this by 
saying that there is a smaller proportion of 
f^ large boys in that Ward than in the others, 
'' many of the people who have settled there 
Ueing newly married. All the boys who were able 
to work were away from their homes on the railroad 
^^-J^ and elsewhere. There were a number of youns; 
4 ' /J * ladies present, and in visiting the various Sunday 
schools we have noticed that young ladies, as a rule, are 
more punctual and attend the schools in greater numbers than 
the young men. 

After the scholars had finished their reading in classes, the 
school was called to order and We spoke to them in simple style 
for a few minutes, and then proceeded to ask them questions. 
Our questions were of a nature to test their knowledge of Jesus 
and the work of God in ancient days and of Joseph and the 
historj- of the Church in these latter days. Their replies were 
satisfactorj-, and consideiing the age of the children, their 
progress speaks well for the care which the superintendent, 
his assistants and the teachers have bestowed upon them. 

There are many people who are very anxious to till some very 
important mission. They would lik to go and preach to the 
nations, and they feel as though they have no opportunity of 
showing their talents or of doing good, because they are not 
called to go abroad. This is a great mista:<e. There is a very 
large field for the employment of talent all around us. Labor- 
ers are wanted. We h ive midtitudcs of intelligent children 
who need teaching. Not like the world, few of whom receive 
the truth, their minds are prepared to receive every pure princi- 
ple. Time spent in imparting these to them is well spent, and 
the fruits are most gratifying. Young men and women who 
devote their time on Sundaj-s to teaching are doing a greater 
work for themselves and for Zion than if they were laboring in 
the ministry abroad the .same number of hours per week. This 
is one of the most important and interesting missions any penson 
could desire. 



Napoleon once entered a cathedral and saw twelve silver 
statues. 

"What arc those?" said the Emperor. 

"The twelve apostles," was the replj'. 

"Well," said he, "take them down, melt them, coin them 
into money, and let them go about doing good, as their Master 
did." 



Jul 



l%(^^ 



V* 



For Ihc Juvenile Instructor, 









WHEN our little readers from the various settlements visit 
Salt Lake City to attend Conference, they see thousands 
of Saints who have been gathered together from almost every 
part of the world. While sitting in meeting and looking upon 
the vast congregation, they have, ho doubt, noticed how differ- 
ent the Saints gathered from one nation look, to those brought 
from other nations. Yet it is hard for them to tell exactly where 
the difference lies; still, they often fancy they can tell by looking 
at a brother ci' sister, if he or she conies from England, Scot- 
land, Denmark, Switzerland or Germany. After meeting, 
should they walk down Main Street, they may perchance meet 
a Negro, a Chinaman, a Mexican, or an Indian. How differ- 
ent these ajipear to the Saints they have been looking at in 
meeting; yet they ail have two eyes, two ears, a nose, mouth, 
chin, cheeks, forehead, head, neck, body, arms and legs. All 
are made about rhe same. Then where is the difference, and 
what has caused it? Do our little friends ever think of these 
things, and wonder why all men are not alike? either all white, 
or all black, or all copper colored. We have no doubt they do 
think of th'jsc things, and we will now try to tell them throtf^h 
the pages of the Juve.n'ILE Lnstrcctoe, .some of the reasons 
that have caused this great diversity of appearance in the 
different races of the huruan family. In doing this, we shall 
have to refer to many different countries, and as we shall not 
always have time to tell where they lie, we nmst beg our 
little friends to get their maps and look whert they are to be 
f jund, or to ask their parents or teachers about them. 

First, however, we must say something about a few strange 
ideas that learned men entertain, regarding the origin of man- 
kind. Some believe that when God placed Adam and Eve on 
the earth, he created quite a number of other families of men 
and women, and brought them to the earth at the same time. 
Some of these, tliey fancj', were more degraded, less intelligent 
and less Capable of improvement than others and from these 
different families sprung the different ynces of men now on tiie 
earth. The European having sprung, according to their ideas, 
from the most Intelligent family God then made, the Negro 
from the most degraded. Some, however, .suppose that there 
are only three distinct races of men, others five, others many 
more. The most popular idea is that there are five races of 
men, whom they call the Caucasia.v, the MongOliaM, the 
Negro, the Malayan and the American races. We will tell 
you about these presently. There is another set of learned men 
who believe in what is called the development theory. Their 
idea is a very strange one. They say that men and women 
are merely an improved race of monkej's, or what amounts to 
the same thing. The monkeys, they say, have arisen by what 
they term natural .selection from animals less intelligent than 
they are, and so on they trace the origin of man back until 
they come to the lowest orders of living things. Why they 
reason this way is because, they say, the gorilla and other finely 
developed species of nionkej's live in or near the .same countries 
as the most degraded races of men reside; and tliat the lan- 
guage of these people is little better than the chattering of the 
nionkc3', and, in their habits, they are not far removed from 
them; in fact, that the Bushman or Hottentot of South Africa 
is nearer in looks and habits to the monkey than he is to the 
refined European or American. But, from bim, there is a 




vol. 3 



No- /^ 



X JL-i H ! 






^£^ 



£M 



> 1S5 



gradual chain upwards that links hitrt to these civilized people; 
and another chain downwards that links him to the monkey, 
and fVom them to the beasts, birds and fishes, that live on tl e 
earth, that fly in the air or swim in the water around him. Is 
' not this idea ridiculous to those who know by revelation that 
men are the sons of God, not the improved descendants ot 
monkeys, mice or oysters? ThSse difFerctlt Opinions aniongst 
learned but uninspired men arise from their not being wiUing to 
believe in the revelations of God; but, seeing so great a diffei- 
ence in the various families of man, they in their own wisdom 
tiy to find out the cause, and, not being enlightened by the 
holy spirit of God, they bring forth the most ftbswrd ideas and 
teach them as truth. 




One of the arguments most favored by those who 
Dclieve th&l there are several distinct races of men, is that the 
difference of climate, food, civilization and other outward cir- 
cumstances could never have caused the diversity in intelligence, 
habits, appearance and color that we new see around us, during 
the five or six thousand years men have been upon the earth. 
But there is a cause, the greatest cause of all in bringing about 
this difference that they know nothing about or will not recog- 
nize. It is the effect the blessing or curse of the Lord has upon 
any people. All who believe the sacred records given to us in 
these days, know how ea.sy it is for men when they depart from 
the service of the true God to descend from the highest and 
purest forms of life to the lowest and most degraded. 

The book of Mormon most expressly teaches that the Indians 
of this continent are of the house of Israel. From Patagonia 
to Alaska they are but diff"erent branches of the same great 
family. It tells us also that, like the rest of Israel, they were 
once a white and beautiful people; but their gi-eat and abomi- 
nable sins brought upon them the anger and curse of God. 
When they turned frimi His laws to sin and death, they dwin- 
dled in intelligence, a skin of darkness came upon them, 
and they fell from their beauty and strength to be what wo .lee 
they are to-day. What we want to impress upon you, little 
friends, is how quickly this great change was brought about. 
Manj^ years after the coming of Christ their prophet Nephi 
.says of them; "they did wax strong and did multiply exceeding 
fast, and became an excce<lir)g fair and delightsome people." J 
Further on he says; "there was no contention in the land | 



because of the love of God which did dwell in the hearts of the 
people. And there W«V(? no envyings, nor strifes, nor tumults, 
nor whoredoms, nor lyings, nor murders * * * and surely 
there could not be a happier people among all the people vrho 
had been created by the hand of God." This was one hundred 
and ten years after the coming of the Redeemer. This is the 
picture of the forefathers of the Indians at that time. How 
the love of God moulded their faces in beauty, and obedience 
to his laws gave thetn health and vigor, is not difficult for Latter- 
day Saints to understand. But this bright picture soon faded, 
this Wessed period of their history soon passed away. Little 
by little they turned from God. Contentions arose, murdc'S 
became frequent, men bound themselves togeiher by sacred 
oaths to commit the most abominable sins, and a most blood- 
thirsty and cruel war desolated the land. This condition of 
things continued until about four hundred and twenty j'cars 
after Christ, when the inspired record of their history closes. 
The Lamanites, who were an exceedingly cruel and savage race 
of beings, had then entirly destroyed the better portion of the 
people called Nephites. 

From this time until Columbus landed on these shores, or 
about one thousand and seventy years, we know little of their 
history. What did he find the inhabitants of this land? The 
sa6)ie darki degraded people we are acquainted with, with but 
very indistinct traditions of their former greatness. True, some 
had not fallen to such depths of degradation as others. The 
Mexicans and Peruvians were not so far down in the scale as 
many of the tribes north and south of them, yet they had 
sunk far below the level of their ancestors in the days when 
they worshiped the Great Spirit in purity and truth. 

With this evidence before our eyes of what the anger of the 
Lord will bring upon a people in one thousand years, we can 
readily understand that the same cause would bring about much 
greater changes in the four thousand years that have elapse 1 
since the Flood. In fact, as great a difference as we see around 
us in the various families of man. Could the learned in the wis- 
dom of the world realize this, they would stop talking of various 
races of mankind that have sprung from various origins. 
[To be Continued) 



#|(^mi$lr|| al €ummDtt ^Tiiitus* 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



THE human skin is covered with very small pores or tubes, 
which are necessary for perspiration; and, as some assert, 
"to inhale atmospheric fbod through." They pass through 
the skin into certain glands, the office of which is to secrete, 
or separate water from the blood. It is said that con.siderably 
more than three thousand of these little tubes are found in a 
square inch of .skin; no wonder, then, tliat dirt impedes their 
functions. They arc natural outlets for many impurities which 
have to he removed to preserve health, and the means al.'^o, of 
preventing the body from becoming overheated; for they pro- 
mote evaporation, which produces cold by the removal of 
caloric. Sometimes these pores are stopped by a sudden chill; 
a natural effort is then made to get rid of the excretion, which 
ought to pass through the .tktn, in other ways; difficult breath- 
ing and an unpleasant discharge from the nose inform us that 
we have taken cold-^the pores are stopped. More often they 
arc obstructed by an accumulation of matter which soap and 



iK 



I 



^SHH 



ISS 



0" U ^ E ItT 1 31, E 



in^STie^TJCToi?.. 






^ 



water would remove; this is why washing the body is conducive 
to health. 

Besides these pores, there are others which secrete an oily 
kind of fluid to lubricate the skin, to make it soft and pliable. 
These get blocked up, and little black pimples disfigure the 
face. Sometimes, when greatly neglected, a small insect takes 
up its abode in the skin, and small particles of dust adhere to 
the oily matter, forming, in time, a layer of matter which is 
insoluble in water. This is why soap is necessary. 

Soap is, in chemical language, a salt. It is formed by the 
union of an acid and alkali. Fat is composed, as we have 
seen, of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen; but it is not a mere 
mixture of these elements, it is compounded into two distinct 
bodies: a fatty acid and an oxide, named stearic acid, and 
oxide of glycerine. When soap is made, an alkali is added to 
the fatty matter, in water; the alkali has an affinity for the 
fatty acid, and combines with it, setting free the glycerine — a 
sweet, yellow, incombustible fluid, difl'ering altogether iu its 
nature from fat. Soaj) may also be prepared from oil; a sub- 
stance called oleic acid, in this case, unites with the alkali to 
form soap. These soaps are called respectively, stearate of 
soda, or of potash, according to the alkali used; or oleate of 
soda, or of potash; the soda forming hard soaps, the potash soft. 

If any person would be au amateur soap-maker, take one 
fourth of an ounce of caustic soda, (the common carbonate 
will not answer, because it is not caustic,) dissolve iu two 
ounces of water; this will make'a strong lye. Also take the 
same quantity of caustic soda, and double the quantity of 
water, to make a weak lye. Boil three ounces of beef suet — 
hard fat— in the weak lye for half an hour, then gradually add 
the strong lye. After a time the fat and alkah of the lye will 
have formed a mass of gluey consistency. When it has become 
firm and flaky in appearance, which you can prove by pinching 
a little between your thumb and finger, add to the mass a little 
common .salt. This will gradually separate the soap from the 
lye, for soap is insoluble in salt water; then set by till cold. 
The soap will form a hard mass, and the under-lye will lose its 
caustic properties; it is then water, glycerine and common salt. 
If caustic potash (concentrated lye) is used, the same propor- 
tions will i.iroduce a soft soap. Should the lye made from wood 
ashes be used, it may be made caustic by throwing into it a 
little fresh Ume (lime newly burned;) this combines with the 
carbonic acid. This lye has to be used when fresh made, or, 
it rapidly absorbs carbonic acid from the atmosphere and loses 
its caustic iiroiicrties. If we would a.scertain whether soap is 
properly made, cut it up in small pieces and boil it down; if 
it is perfectly clear in solution, the fat is all converted into 
soap; if the solution is cloudy, there is uncombined fat, and 
more alkali is required. If soap is re-boiled, it may be per- 
fumed according to fancy; bran may be added to make a useful 
article for the hands. The young experimentalist may make a 
soap of great beauty by dissolving hard soap in alcohol or 
whisky. This forms a transparent soap which will not injure 
the most sensitive skin. By adding to this, while li(|uid, cam- 
phor and ammonia, the opodeldoc of the chemists' shops is made. 
Soap which contains much free alkali, that is, uncombined 
alkali, should not be used for the skin. The skin is formed of 
gelatine, which, although insoluble in cold water, is acted 
upon when alkalies are used. Thus the outer skin is chapped 
and the face made rough. The hard, soda seaps are best for 
the .skin; it may require more patience to u.se, but clean, white, 
beautiful hands will be the reward. Such soaps, with pure 
creek water, are the best beautifiers of the complexion. 

A great chemist has said, that "the quantity of soap used in 
a couBtiy, i.s a test of civilization. " This, certainly, might 
also be said of individuals. Look at those who keep the 
skin in a clean, healthy state, and whose linen is beautifully 



white; then cast your eye on some who, from choice, know not 
the luxury of cleanliness; it will not take long to determine 
who are the higher in the scale of civilization. A dirty man is 
an unhealthy man, to say nothing of his being disagreeable to 
himself and others. The air is filled with minute particles of 
carbon which blacken the face; dust will penetrate through oui- 
clothing, the movements to which our bodies are subject, wear 
out and break into fragments the outer skin, and perspiration 
and oily matter cement the whole together. For this, soap is a 
solvent. When our linen is soiled soap is also used. The 
chemistry of its use is simple: soap is soluble in water, and 
free alkali, held in solution, combines with any greasy particbs 
and, in fact, forms soap. This is why the washer puts in soda 
or saleratus— to form more soap. The soap keeps the linen 
soft and pliable, which pure alkali would not do, and every- 
thing which is soluble in water is removed. 

There are many difterent kinds of soap, frequently called by 
names which have no reference to their composition. Thus, 
honey-soap contains no honey; Iodine-soap contams soda, 
which is manufactured from the ashes of sea weeds, which 
contain iodine; hence, its name. Naples soap is made in New 
York and other large cities; Castile soap does not come from 
Spain. Those are fictions in trade, to suit the purchaser and 
enrich the maker. Glycerine soap really does contain glycerine; 
all our home-made soaps contain that useful article. Should we 
wish, to remove it, we can do so, by adding common salt to the 
soap, after it is properly made. The chemical action of salt is 
this: the potash, which has already united with the fatty acid 
to form soap, separates from that , acid and unites itself to the 
chlorine of the common salt; the soda, which has left the chlo- 
ine, unites itself to the forsaken fatty acid and forms soda soap. 
The glycerine, which was mechanically mixed up with the 
potash soap, will now be found in the under-lye; that is, in the 
water under the soap when it is set. The potash will be there 
also, in union with chlorine, and all the impurities of the soap. 

In soap making, as in all other chemical operations, practice 
makes perfect. Many truths may be learned by the young 
experimenter, which will be of great value in other manipula- 
tions. Order obtains in all the movements of those elements 
which he has to handle, exact proportions in all combinations. 
In the first experiment of soap making, salt is used to separate 
soap from the under-lye, which it does, because soap is insolu- 
ble (will not dissolve) in salt water. In this latter process the 
salt acts differently; the potash prefers chlorine, and the soda, 
for want of something else to do, has to take the fatty acid. 
This is by virtue of a law, or mode of operation, belonging to 
things in nature; it is called elective affinity. This, and many 
other things, will be learned in practice as well as in theory, if 
we begin to handle the elements, which, so far as organic 
pi'oducts are concerned, are few in number; being chiefly 
carbon, oxygen, hydrogen and nitrogen. 

INIore could be said about soaps: there is rosin-soap, made 
from rosin, which behaves like the fatty acids with alkali; 
and there are fancy soaps which have fatty or oily acids, with 
alkali for their base. There is another class of insoluble soaps, 
for pharmaceutical purposes (for use in medicine;) they are 
prepared with lead. There are natural soaps, the juices of 
certain plants and certain earths; ihey are used by the fuller in 
cleansing cloth; and .sometimes an animal secretion named gall 
is used. In the chemistry of the stomach, this alkaline fluid 
prepares fatty matter for digestion, by making it soluble in 
water; it also softens the acrid juices, and prevents them from 
griping the intestines. For this, and other reasons, soap is 
jircscribed by the physician occasionally. With the 7>wra,l 
effects resulting from the u.se, or neglect of soap, the chemist 
has nothing to do; or, it could be said, that there is such com- 
plete .sympathy between body and mind that, in proportion to 



?CS?^ 







the physical perfection and purity of one, so is the freedom, 
vigor and beauty of the other! Seih. 







^ioUPitliTift. 






THZE 




UK last number closed ■wit'h a prediction 
of Joseph's. He prophesied "that the 
Saints would continue to suffer much 
affliction, and would be driven to the 
Rocky Mountains, many would aposta- 
tize, othei-s would be put to death by our 
jjerseeutors, or lose their lives in conse- 
quence of exposure or disease, and some 
of you will live to assist in making settle- 
ments and building cities, and see the 
Saints become a mighty people in the midst of 
the Rocky Mountains." 

This prediction was delivered August 6th, 
18-12. Few could realize then that it would be 
fulfilled in so short a time. The Saints continued 
to sutler much affliction, many apostatized, others 
were killed by their persecutors, others lost their 
lives through exposure, being driven away from 
their homes by mobs, and others have lived to 
reach the Rocky Mountains, have assisted in making settle- 
ments and building cities, and have seen the Saints become a 
mighty people here. Josejih himself did not live in the flesh 
to see his own prediction fulfilled; but we live to see it brought 
to pass even as he si)oke it, and we should be thankful to the 
Lord for permitting us to exist in a day when His word has 
been revealed to His servants and they have made it public 

Great excitement had been raised throughout the States by 
the falsehoods put in circulation by John C. Bennett and others. 
Joseph felt that it was wisdom in God that the elders should 
go fjrth and deluge the States with a flood of truth. He wished 
them to set forth in plain terms the mean, contemptible, perse- 
cuting conduct of ex-governor Boggs, of Missouri, and those 
connected with him in his corrupt proceedings, so that the 
world might understand the course taken by the enemies of 
the Saints. He advised the Twelve to call a special Conference 
on the 29th of August, 1S42, to give instructions to the elders 
who should be selected for this important mission. 

During these days Joseph had to keep himself concealed 
from his enemies. They were anxious to get hold of him. 
But on the day of this Conference he made his appearance on 
tlie stand, much to the delight of the people. Various opinions 
had been indulged in as to where he was; some had supposed 
that he had gone to Washington, others that he had started 
to Europe, and others that he was in the city. He and the 
people were all filled with thanksgiving and rejoicing to be 
together in conference again. He congratulated the people on 
the victory he had once more gained ever the Missourians. 
He had not fought them with the sword, or with carnal weap- 
ons; he had done it by stratagem, by outwitting them. There 
had been no lives lost, an 1 there would be no lives lost, if they 
would hearken to his counsel. Up to this day, he said, <<od 
had givcJi him wisdo.n t) save the |i';ii|ile who took counsel. 
None iiad ever been kille 1 who followi'il ids counsc'l. He said, 
''we Want to whip tin; world uienlally, and they will whii) 
themselves idiy.sieally." 



After Joseph's address an indescribable transport of good 
feeling was manifested by the assembly, and about three hun- 
dred and eighty elders volunteered to go on the proposed 
mission. 

On September 1st he wrote an address to the Saints on the 
subject of baptism for the dead. In that address he informed 
the Saints that inasmuch as the Lord had revealed to him that 
his enemies, both in Missouri and Illinois, were again in pursuit 
of him, for his own safety and the safety of the people he had 
thought it wisdom to leave Nauvoo for a short season. He 
wrote cheerfully and encouragingly to them, saying that he 
gloried in tribulation. On the third of that month a deputy 
sheriff and two other men came, in a sneaking manner, and 
stole into Joseph's house. Though they had no search warrant, 
they insisted on searching the house; but they did not find him. 
This conduct of theirs was in direct violation of the Constiiu- 
tion of the United States; but what did they care? Joseph was 
what they would call "the Mormon Prophet," and they would 
do as they pleased with him, law or no law. They were well 
armed, and they had said they intended to take him dead or 
alive. But the Lord delivered him out of their hands, for as 
they came into his house Joseph passed out of the back door, 
and through the corn in his garden to Bishop Newel K. Whit- 
ney's. It was said there were fifteen of them altogether, and 
they started from Quincy with the intention of reaching Nau- 
voo in the night and falling upon the house unawares; but 
it was reported they lost the road and got scattered and could 
not get along until daylight. After night Joseph left Bishop 
Whitney's, which was too pubKc and exposed, and went to 
Brother Edward Hunter's. 

On the 6th Joseph wrote another epistle to the Saints, giving 
further instructions respecting baptism for the dead. This 
made a deep and solemn impression on the Saints, and they 
manifested their intention to obey the instructions to the letter. 
Joseph sent word to those of the Twelve who were going on 
missions that he wished them to labor in Illinois and to preach 
against mobocracy. On the 10th he concluded to return to 
his own house again, thinking he would be safe there. On the 
2nd*of October word reached Nauvoo that Governor Carlin had 
offered a reward of $200 for Joseph, and $200 for Orrin I'orter 
Rockwell. Governor Reynolds of Missouri also offered a 
reward of $300 apiece for them. Carlin was determined to 
have Josepli — if he could be taken — carried to Mis.-ouri. 

Reports from various quarters reached Joseph that Carlin 
intended to have him arrested with an illegal writ, hoping to 
draw him to Carthage to get aciiuitted by habeas corpus by 
Judge Stephen A. Douglas; then he would have men waiting 
with a legal writ to serve on him as soon as he was released 
under the other one, and bear him away, without further cere- 
mony, to Jlissouri. Many of the Missourians were also coming 
to unite with the militia of Illinois of their own free will, and 
at their own expense, so that if they did not take him there, 
they would come and search the city. Tiiese were reports 
only; but Joseph knew very well that his enemies were capable 
of taking these measures to get him into their power, or any 
others that might be suggested to them. On October 7th he 
concluded to leave his home again for a .short sea.son. After a 
tedious journey of one night and part of a day, which he made 
in the company of several of the brethren, he reached Father 
Taylor's, the father of Elder John Taylor. He remained there 
nearl}' two weeks and then he returned to Nauvoo to see his 
wife whom he left sick. He went back (o Father Taylor's the 
next day and stayed another week. On the 2Stli of October 
he returned to Nauvoo. 'J'iie Saints were nnich rejoiced lo see 
their l'ro]ihel ;igain in their iiiidsl. It was through such scenes 
as these that Joseph cdii^t.intly passed to establish that gospel 
which we enjoy so peocel'ully. 



':i&^- 



W 



vfe 



6s^-\ ISS 



J- TJ AT E INT I L E i:^STI^TJOa?OI2; c- 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 







THE mountains, the beautilul, picturesque mountains, 



"That wear their caps of snow 
In very presence of the regal sun." 

How they surround and tower above us! How grand and 
magnificent they appear, clothed in their robes of green and 
white! What rugged peaks and craggy precipices are found 
among them; what chasms and ravines in their midst! How 
like a mighty wall they seem to be around our city, as we are 
thus shut out from the busy world beyond. 

There is a charm connected with mountains, and a wonder that 
we can hardly express. To see them ijinnacled above us, some 
of their peaks so high that, while we are suifering with almost 
intolerable heat, they are covered with snow, is a matter of 
wonder; as the lirst conclusion some of us would arrive at 
would be, that they are nearer the sun, and hence we would 
naturally suppose their climate to be warmer. But it is not so; 
they are less expObcd to the rays of the sun than if they were 
farther away. 

W hen we behold their liuge bulk and mighty forms we 
speculate as to what may be hidden in their depths; what curiosi- 
ties there exist; what a wealth of gold and silver may be hidden 
up from the eyes of man, thaD may yet be revealed for wise 
and good purposes; perhaps to pave the streets of some great 
and magniticeut city; perhaps to enrich a people who, through 
their goodness and faithfulness, have become worthy of such 
manifold ble.iaings as (Jod alone is capable of bestowing upon 
man. 

Who does not love to look upon beautiful scenery — nature's 
own handiwork — and contcujiilate the wisdom and power of 
the great IJeing who is the Author of all; Him who caused the 
sea to flow upon dry luud, and the mouutuins to ri^e out of 
level places. 

I suppose most of the little juvenile readers have studied 
about mountains in their geographies. JMany in the world are 
much higher than any we see here in Utah or America. And 
there are some ranges that are much larger than the Rocky 
Mountains. Mount Everest, one of the Himalaya mountains 
in India, is the highest peak in the world, it being 2'J,0(JO feet, 
or about five and a half miles in altitude. Mount St. Klias, 
in Ku.isiau America, is 17,!S(JU in height; and is the highest 
point in North America. The Andes, in South America, are 
the longesi, range in the world. Traveling among those mouu- 
tiiins is very dangerous. Their slopes are broken by many 
deep chasms and gorges; and the traveler must often follow 
narrow, slippery paths along their edges, and cross them on 
blender rope bridges. There are many volcanoes or burning 
mountains along the top of the Andes. Chimborazo is one of 
the most noted. The Alps, in Switzerland, famous in the records 
of military achievements as having been crossed by the armies 
of Hannibal and >iapoleon, and noted for the grandeur and 
magniheeiice of their .set- nery, are the most celebrated of all 
mountains, and the highest in Europe. Mount lilanc, the 
highest peak, is an enormous mass of granite, reaching the 
height of l.J,7oU feet; and, by the surrounding walls of ice, 
fearful precipices and the everlasting snows, by which it is 
covered, the ascent is rendered exceedingly difficult and danger- 
ous, and we often read of peoi)le losing their lives in attempts 
ing to reach the top of this mountain; yet its summit has often 
been reached by adventurous men and tourisUs. 

People who live among mountains are generally a liberty-lov- 
ing people, and are noted for their Ireedoiu and bravery. They 
love their mountain homes, and would shield them from danger 
at uluiOit any rick. The Alps of Switzerland, the Highlands of 







Scotland, and the mountains of Asia are all noted for the free 
and independent people who inhabit them. And the Latter- 
day Saints, to whom God in his wisdom and goodijcss has seen 
fit to give a home among the Kocky Mountains, are, too, a 
liberty-loving and patriotic people; and if they continue to live 
righteously, revere Him and keep His commandments.Sthey 
will yet become a great and mighty nation. Ramtha. 



For the Juvraile Instructor, 
FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



Republished from No. 13. with their answers: — 

131 Who were set apart for the first mission to Europe? 
Elelers Heber C. Kimball, Orson Hyde and Willaj'd Kiehaida, 
and Priest Joseph Fielding. 

132. When did they start from Kirtland? 
June 13th, 1837. 

133. What was President Kimball called, even by leading 
Elders, before leaving Kirtland, fur going on the mission? 

He was ridiculed and called a fuol for listening to Joseph 
and being willing to go on his foreign mission. 

134. Who joined the bretlircn named at New York? 
Eldersi John (ioodsou and Isaac Kussell, and Priest John 

Snider. 

135. When did they saU from New York forLiverpool, la 
England? 

On the 1st of July, 1837. 

136. When did they arrive at Liverpool? 
On the liOLhoflhe same mouth. 

137. Who jumped into a small boat and were rowed a-shore? 
H. C. Kimball, O. liyde, ,VV. Richards and J. Goodsou. 

138. To what place did they proceed from Liverpool? 
To Preston. 

io'J. What words were on the flag which they saw as they 
alighted from the coach in Preston? 

"Truth will prevail." 

140. Who turned the key that ojieued the gospel door to the 
ea-stern hemisphere? 

PreKideut Uuber C. Kimball. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

cj :e3: J^ lEi. j^ ID :ei . 



BY J. E. SHEtXEY 



I am composed of lu letters. 

My 2, 4, 0,10 are insects. 

My 7, 9, 6, is used in_sickness. 

My 1, 8, 4, is the ruler of the day. 

JMy 8, 4, '.i, o is equal to one. 

My whole is a city in the Western States. 



Is publi^ncd t/i iSuU Lake VUi/, Viuli 'J'ei rUin'y, 
ON THE ElKST & FIFTEENTH OF EVEBY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISKER. 



Klngl* Copy, per Annum $3 00 

ISiU);le Cop), lor Sii Moninb..,, 1 M 

JtS- II w ezpcctrri where agcnli forwnrd names they will he rerprnuihie 
or the papers thus m-derrti; and rvhen OlsIi pitj/ments avr jiiaUr, thej/ 
will please /oetvuid Umih wUh the letter cuni<natny lUe luxmts a/ die 
sul/serthers. 

«»- J-Jlder Wnt. 11, H/iearmun, Logan, will act us General Agml /or 
Cuehe Wtlley. 

9^ drain lirutiriht to I'll* (HI;/ for the .Iuvk.nii.k lN.srKit(-roK will, be 
received at the oj/iee ^ o^r pa^jLi- — i>ii,:jikiiji.i l\i.Wa LiLiA.i>j;st,a. 



1^ 






