6^^^- 




'>Q^ 



VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MARCH 27, 18G9. 



NO. 7. 



3srj^2;.A.i?.ETH: 







e 



ABOUT as far north as the spot where the Jordan flows out 
of the Sea of Galilee, but several miles to the west lies 
Nazareth, the city of Mary, the mother of Jesus, and of her 
husband Joseph. It was in this city that the Savior spent the 
greater portion of bis childhood and early manhocd, it was 
here he worked with his foster-father as a carpenter, and in this 
city, after he began to preach the glad tidings of the gospel, 
was the first personal violence offered to him, that we have 
any record of in the books of the New Testameut. j 

Nazareth of itself 
never appears t o 
have been more 
than a small unim- 
portant village. In 
fact it is never men- 
tioned in the Old 
Tcstiment, nor by 
Josephu". It seems 
also to have had a 
rather bad reputa- 
tion, if we may 
judge from the ex- r 
clamaiion o f Na- 
thaniel when tol 
by Philip that hi- 
had found him of 
whom the prophets 
spake in Jesus oi 
Nazareth: "Can any 
good come out of 
Nazareth?" he in- 
quired. I'hilipsiii- 
ply answeied "conic 
and see." He went, 
and found indeed 
that Irom lliis de- 
spised and jia'try 
village of Gallilce 
had come forth tl e 
liope of I.sraid, tbe 
Kedeemcr of the world. 

Nazareth is to day a WlU built town — ll 
Palestine, consisting of flat-roofed, stone 
neater tlian iiio.st Syrian villa;.'es. It is situated in a ncij;hiicir- 
liood fertile with fig trees, olive trees, vineyards and cornfields 
Out of a popidation of about four thousand souls, more tlian 
tliiee fourths call themselves Christians, who aic by tio means 
backward iti did'ending their lights, or measuring swords or 
creeds with tbe follower.; of Mahommed. 



The principal objects of interest to the vi;itor of this town 
are the places pointed out as the scenes in some of the events 
in our Lord's history. Here, in one place is, a richly decorated 
chui'oh, erected over a grotto supposed to contain the kitchen 
and fire place of the "Virgin IMary." Another precious site, 
which the monks pretend to have discovered, is the workshop 
of Joseph, where Jesus labored with the rest of the family. 
Over this is built a small chapel, but a portion of the wall of 
the original sho]i is still shown to gratify the inquisitive and 




at is. Well built fir 
houses, cleaner and 



inipn-e upon the ciedulous. Outside the city, an opjiosition 
establishment of religious beggars, cxhiliit the fountain where 
(lie angel Oatinel met Mary and annouiicod to her that she 
sbiiuldlbe the nintbor of a child, wlunii she sliould call Jesu*, 
who sliould rule over the iioiise of Jacob foievcr, and of hia 
kingdom there should Im! i;o end. To this fountain the maid- 
ens olNazareth still repair, not only to fetch water, but to meet 
their lovers and comiianions, and pass their spare nioincnts in 
1 courtship or conversation. 



^^^' 



■^^ 



k^ 



t^ 



so 



J XJ "V E n^ I iLi E IISrSTI^TJOTOE., 



f&* 



Another, so called, sacred nieuioriai of our Redeemer'-s life 
is the sj-nagegue in which he is said to have expounded the 
law and the prophets and proclaimed his mission to his fellow 
townsmen. All these sites may be just what they are represent- 
ed to be, or they may not. To us this is of no importance. It 
is f:ir better to learn tho Tvill of God and do it, and thus glorify 
His holy name and sanctify the eftrth by our own acts of faith 
and deeds of love, than to go rom d groping after workshops 
and kitchens, stables and njangers, which at least can do little 
else tl:an satisfy our curiosity, or ada a testimony to those folks 
who have none better, to the truth of the writings of the an- 
cient apostles. 

About two miles fr-m the city is a hill which the monks call 
"the mount ot Precipitation," stating it to be the one fron. 
which the people of Nazareth endeavored to hurl Jesus, wlien 
his teachings displeased their corrupt minds. An account of 
this you will find in the 4th chapter of t-t. Luke's gospel. But 
how the credulous monks manage to identify tiiis hill with the 
mount '"wheion the city was built" is hard to comprehend, as 
it in no way answers the description of the inspired liistorian. 

Now, some of my littl ■ fiends may inquire how it came to 
pass that Jesus was not born in Nazaretii, but in Bethlehem, 
of Judea, a small city about six miles distant from Jeiusale;i). 
I will try and tcU them, yometinio before the birth of Jesus 
the Kon.ans liad con(iuercd Palestine and made the Jews tribu- 
tary to them. A governor, appointed by the Koman Emperor, 
ruled them instead of their own kings. The governor at the 
time of the birth of Jesus was named Herod, and he had issued 
a proc'amation that all the people of Palestine should be taxed 
in their own cities according to their tribes and families. Now, 
thougii Joseph and Mary lived in Nazareth, they were of the 
tribe of Judah, and of the fainily of David, whose c ty was 
Bethlehem. To this city Jo.seph and iMary juurneyed to be 
taxed, and, whilst there, Jesus was horn. 

To day we give a view of Nazareth, m our next number v.-e 
propose to present to you Bethlehem. G. li. 



^T^^^'^^^C 









THIE 



AKGE numbers of visitors during the.<;c 
days eaiue to Nauvoo, -prompted by curi- 
o.-ity to see Joseph, thj people and the 
wonderful city that was being built up on 
one of the most beautiful sites on tiie Up- 
per Mississijipi river. Joseph found it a 
heavy tax ujion liim to entertain so niueh 
company as he had free of charge. From 
the foundation of the Church his house 
had been a homo and resting place for 
tliousands, and his family had olt'.n been obliged 
to do without food themselves after having fed 
all they had t) vinitor.s. The constant per- 
secutions to which he was constantly subjected 
niade his expenses very heavy, and were a cause 
;rreat embarrassment to him. He was a liberal, 
gcmrous man; it was a j)le;isurc to him to have it in 
his power t" extend hosjiitality to all who entered his 
doors; but he could not do so. He therefor.-, found 




himself reduced to the neces.sity of opening a hotel. He called 
the house 'he "NaCtoo Mansion." It was a large and con- 
venient building, and at that time it afforded better accomoda- 
tions and was provided with a better table than any other place 
on the Upper Mississippi. The brick stable also, built for the 
use of the MAHSiloN, had stalls for seventy-five horses, and 
room for storing the requisite forage for that number of ani- 
mals. 

The Mansion was opened about the middle of September, 
1S43; but Joseph did not long relain charge of it himself In 
November he rented it and the stables to Ebenezer Robinson; 
he and his family were to board in the house, and have the use 
of three rooms which he reserved. 

In November, 1843, Joseiih wrote letters to the various can- 
didates for Presidency of the United Stales, to inquire what 
their feelings were to us as a people and what their course of 
action would be, in relat'on to the ciuelty and oppression that 
the Saints suffered frail th") State of Missouri. The names of 
these candidates were John C. Calhoun, Lewis Uass, Bichard 
M. Johnson, l:fcnry Clay and Martin Van Buren. 

The replj' of John C. Calhoun was characteristic He was 
the foremost or most piomimnt advocate in the nation ot the 
doctrine of State Bights. Joseph in speaking of this doctrine 
on c said: 

"The State Riglits doctrines are what feed mobs. They ar? a 
dead carcass — a sthifi, ami tliey slialt ascend ms as aatiuk oHer- 
iiiX in ibe nuse nf the Almighty. 

"They shall be opprc-sseil as they have opre^sed us, not by 
"Mormons," but by others in puwei". They shall drink adi'ink 
oU'ering, the bitterest dregs, iiutl'n-in tho "MDrnions," but from 
a meaner source than themselves. Uod .shall curse theui." 

Calhoun's letter was _brief. Ho said that if he sliould be 
elected, he would strive to administer the Government accord- 
ing to the Constitution and the laws of the Uniiiu; and that as 
they make no distinction between citizens of difierent religious 
creeds, he should n.ake none. "But," he continued, 

"As you rel'idr to the ease of Missouri, caiulor compels me to 
repeat «h;it I hjM to you al VVashiiigtun, thai, aecoruing Vj uiy 
vifws, the ease dofs not come vvithiii the jurisdiction o/ the 
Federal Uuveriimeut, whieU is oue ot limited aud speeitic 
powers." 

Joseph wrote a reply to this letter, in which he so thoroughly 
exposed Calhoun's sophistry, that wharever it wu-i read — and 
it Was very widely circulated — men were struck by the contrast 
between -the narrow, sectional doctrines which Calhoun advanced 
resjiccting the powers ol the Federal Government and the 
broad, pi'triotic and truly national views which Josepa advo- 
cated. Josepdi was aroured, and the noble scorn which he felt 
for the politician's tricks is breathed in every line of lus leply. 

He commenced by stating that in order that Calhoun and 
his friends might not be dl^appointed as to him or his mind 
uiion so grave a subjejt he asked to be permitted, as a law-a- 
biding man, as a well-wi.-her to the perpetuity of constiiutional 
rights and liberty, and as a friend to the free worship of Al- 
mighty God by all, according to the dictates of every person's 
own conscience, to say he was suijirised that a man or men in 
the highest stations of imblic life should have made uii such a 
fragile view of a case, than which there was not one on the 
face of the globe fraught with more consequence to the happi- 
ness of men in this world or the world to come. 

The first paragraph of his letter, he said, appeared very com- 
placent and fair on a white sheet of pajier. But who, that 
was ambitious for greatness and power, would not have said the 
same thing? if is oath would bind him to support the Consti- 
tution and laws, but why, he asked, are all the iirincij al mm 
held up lor public stations so cautiously carei'ul not to publish 
to the world that they will judge a rii;liteous judgement, law or 
no law? for, said lie, laws and C'piniuns, like the vanes of 
steeples, change with the wind. One Congress passes a law. 



^^ 



>1» 



0" TJ "V" E n^ i: Hi E ii^rsTi^TJOTOi?., 



'^^^; 



51 



another repeals it, one statesman says that the Constitution 
means this, and anotaer that; and who does not know that all 
may be wrong? 

He then took up what he said about the Federal Ooverment 
being one of Umited and specific powers, and inferred that, if 
Mr. Calhoun's view was correct, a Stale could at any time ex- 
pel any portioa (rf her citi-ens with impunity, and, though 
their cause be ever so just, Government could do nothing for 
them, because it would have no power. 
He then snid: 
>.- "Go on, then Missouri, after another set of inhabitants (as 
'the l^atter-ilav S;iiiit.s did,) hnveemf.redsoiiie twn or iliree hun 
dred dollars' woitli of lauL', and niadeoxtensive impruveniejjts 
tliereoii. Goon, then, Isa\; biiiiisli tlie<ici:u|]rtntsoruwner.s, or 
liill them, as iho mobliers did many ot the Lattt-r-oay .Saints, 
and take their land and property i.s spoil; and let the Legisla- 
ture, as in the ease of tlio 'Mormons,' appropii:ite a c.oup:e of 
hundred thousand dollars to pay the mob for doiii^' Miatjnb; for 
the renowned .Si'iuitor from South Carolina, Mr. J. C. C'allKjun, 
sax s ihe powers of th« Federal G ivernment are so specijic and 
limited that it has no jurisdiction of the case.' O ye peoijle wlio 
gr.ian under the op,iression of tyrants!— ye exiled Poles, who 
have felt ihe iron hand of Russian grasp!— .\e poorand unfortu- 
nate amonuall nations! come to the a,syUnn of the oppressed; 
buy ye lands of the General Governtuent; pay in your money 
to the treasury to St! en^then tiie ;iriuy and the navy; worship 
G id a 'Cording to the dictates of your own eoi s -iences; pay in 
your taxes to sopimm t I'le ureal o,-a is of a glorious natimi: but 
remerniiei a '*oi!erei'ir?j .S'faie' is so much mire pov/erf 1 than 
the United siates, the ii.ueni Government, that it <-an exile you 
at ijleasure, mob you with impunity, eoiiti>cate your lands and 
property, have the (jegisiature sanciion it— yea, even murder 
you us an edict of au'emperor, aifi it docs iio wrong: for the 
noble Senator of Snutli Carolina says tlie power of the Federal 
G- ivernment. is so limited and specific that it his no jurisdiction 
of the CISC' VJn-.a liiiuk ye Hi iinperimn in iiiipcrin?" '- * * 
' "II the General Government has no power to reinstate expell- 
ed citizens to their rights, there is a m .nstrous hyiiocrite fed 
aud fostered from the' hard earnings of the people! A red 'bull 
be,gir' upheld by sycophants. Vet rememiier, if 

the flatter dav Saints are not reslored to all their rights and 
paid f 11- all their losses, according to the known rules of justice 
andjudgment, reciprooati-in and common h mesty among men 
that God will come out of his hiding place, and vex tins nation 
with a sore vexation: yea, the cousuii.iiig wrath of an olieuded 
God shall smoke through the nation with as much distress and 
woe as independence uas blazed through with pleasure and 
delight." » » ■■' 

"Congress has power to protect the nation against foreign in 
vasion and internal broil; and whenever that body passes an act 
to maintain right with any power, or to restore right to any 
portion of her citizens, it is ilie supre.mh i^aW of the land; 
aud should a State r^fusi subin^ision, thit State is guilty of 
insurrection or rebell on, and the President has as much power 
to repel itas \Va-.hi,igtiin had to march against the 'whisky boys 
at Piitsbuig,' or General Jackson had to send an armed force to 
suppress the rebellion of Suuth Carolina." 
i^To be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



OUR beautiful city is giving evidence of returning spring; 
every body is busy, especially the boys (ana girls too) 
burning up the dry brush, clippings of trees, leaves, straw and 
rubbish. Crackling, sparkling, giving forth volumes of flame 
and smoke, especially smoke, tons of rubbish are being con- 
sumed. Yes; tons — that is if it was gathered together it would 
weigh tons! Where is it all now? Some of it was, probably, 
in the recent showers of rain which have fallen; some of it in 
the dense clouds overhead; and the remainder in ashes. 

Now those ashes yesterday were very valuable, to day they 
are not so; the soluble parts have been washed away by the 



rain, carried down the creeks to the low lands; they will crystal- 
ize by and by and form a crude saleratus — you may see a white 
substance on the earth in the lower wards of the city in dry 
weather, which is a salt formed by the washing of the ashes of 
land plants. 

Perhaps we may have heard people say "they do not want 
the sclcratus." Perhaps not, in such large quantities; but, in 
small quantities our gardens require it if we want them to 
be fertile. But, not only is saleratus (potash) washed away and 
lost, but many other equally valuable and even necessary salts. 

Let us see then, as chemists, what changes have taken place 
in our burning operations. A great deal of carbon was uncon- 
sumed; the heavy black smoke, loaded with small particles of 
charred wood, passed away to descend again when the heated 
current of air by which it was suspended became cool; this was 
depo-iited over the surface of our gardens to increase their 
fert lity. The carbon consumed united with the o.^ygen of the 
air to form carbonic acid; this will give up its carbon to vege- 
tation by and by. The hydrogen of our fires uniied with oxy- 
gen to form water, wuoh, in the form of vapour, and rarefied 
by the heat, ascended to form clouds. The volatile substances 
stich as turpentine, resins, etc., were driven off into the air; the 
presence of the e we could detect by the peculiar smell. And, 
the inmmhu^tible portion, that which represents the mineral 
part of the vegetable kingdom, remains in the little piles of 
asties. 

Now, there is a great deal of diA'cronc in ashes; but, as a 
general thing, those which we burn contain the elements most 
needed in our gardens because they have been taken from the 
soil. Tills is why the ashes should be returned; for, although 
animals and vegetables are principally composed of elements 
which are derived from the atmosphere "the formation of the 
constituent elements of blood, and the nitrogenized principles 
in one cultivated pi int depend upon the presence of inorganic 
matters in the soil, without whi h no nitrogen can be assimi- 
lated, even when there is a most abundant supply." These 
are the very elements which, by our burning, we have set free 
from the organic substances with which they were combined; 
and this is done whenever organized matter is burned as in our 
streets. Let us remember this, that when we grow up to be 
men we may be wiser than our fathers so that the precious ele- 
ments which have been combined for our use by the operations 
of our heavenly Father may not be wasted. 

The ashes of our wood fires contain much alkaline matter, 
chiefly potash, this may be used for making lye for manufactur- 
ing soap, the insoluble part will still be very useful for manure. 
To "quicken" the lye, that is to separate the carbonic acid 
from the potash, a little quick lime, that is nnslacked lime, may 
be put into the lye. It will then make better soap and make 
it more readily. Newly burned wood ashes put into haid water 
will soften it and give it cleansing properties, thus saving labor, " 
time and soap. 

Now, then, children, let us gather up the ugly looking weeds 
they are dry now and will burn readily; bring out the straw and 
rubbish to make a good bonfire; pile it up. burn it; to-morrow 
morning the fire will be gone out and then gather up the ashes 
and scatter them over the garden! Beth. 

(7b he Continued.) 



. Some one has beautifully said: Let prayer be the key of the 
morning and the bolt of the evening. 

If, through any loss, we grow wiser and better, that loss be- 
comes a gain and a blessing. 

Toe longer the saw of contention is drawn the hotter it grows, ry ^ 



i}^ 




CTTJ'SrTBn^IXjIE in^STI^TJOTOI^. 




SATURDAY, MARCH 2 7, 1SG9. 



T"vsrEiTT3r ir:E]j^:Ei,s j^g-o 



A TRIP TO CALIFORNIA. 



CHAPIER Til. 






To drive "Croppy" ahead it was necessary to pass tlivougli this 
under-growth; and, as night had spread its mantle of dark- 
ness over us, we found this very disagreeable. Bro. Joseph 
Cain remained with me to assist in getting my horse into camp. 
We were afoot, and as we were scrambling along through the 
brush we suddenly came on to an Indian wicke-up. The first 
notice we had of it we were at its entrance. We had heard so 
many tales of the treachery and cruelty of these Indians that 
we had a wholesome dread of exposing ourselves or animals to 
their attacks or depredations. You can imagine, therefore, how 
startled we were to find ourselves so near to one of their dwell 
ings at such a time and under such circumstances! I fancied 
I could distinguish in the gloom an Indian in.side; but I might 
have been mistaken; at any rate we did not stop to satisfy our- 
selves on that point, for the company was a long way ahead of 
us and our riding horses had kept with the company, and my 
rifle was fastened to my riding saddle. I was unarmed, unless 
my butcher knife, which I carried, Spanish fashion, in my leg- 
ging, could be called a weapon. Bro. Cain had his rifle; but, 
unfortunately, in trying to load it a day or two befb;e he had 
used too thick a patching, and the bullet had stuck halfway 
down the barrel. There it was, immovable; he could neither 
get it up nor down. Neither he nor any of the rest of us had 
dared to fire ofi" the rifle ior fear of it bursting. 

If there were any Indians in or n.ar the wick-e-up, they were 
probably more friglitened than we; for our company had come 
upon them unexpectedly, and they must have been at a total 
loss to know what our object could be in coming through that 
part of their countiy, where probably no white man had ever 
been to their knowledge before. We were glad to get oun of 
the brush and to get "Croppy" out of the creek on to the trail 
again, and before long we were gladdened still more by seeing 
the light of the camp fires in the distance. There was consid- 
erable interest felt in camp about "Croppy." The fear was 
very general that he could not hold out much longer, and in our 
circumstances the loss of a horse or a mule by any one of the 
company was a general loss. We were dependent upon 
one another, and we, therefore, wei-o compelled to look 
upon ourselves to some extent as one family. Whether "Crop- 
py" was determined to commit suicide by drowning or not I 
can not say; but the creek seemed to have great attractions for 
him. If the weather had been warm, I might have thought 
that he sought its waters to cool himself; but it was November 
and the nights were cold. Sometime in the inght I was awak- 
ened by my friend, Bro. Joseph Cain, who wanted me to get 
up. "Croppy" was in the creek, and helj) was needed to draw 
him out. He had been in the creek before; and it had taken 
three of the guard to bring him to the bank. With son* 
trouble we manaL'od to get him out and on to his feet; but ho 
was chilled through, and t thought it very doubtful about his 
being able to live. I led him away from the creek and left 
him under the shelter of some brush, in a place where he could 
get feed and be warm. I then returned to bed. lie .soon wan- 



dered oft' again to the creek, and there I found him the next 
morning stretched out stark and cold. He was drowned! Un- 
der sou e circumstances my position would have been a very 
disagreeable one, left with but one animal at a distance of near- 
ly five hundred miles from any point where I could obtain sup- 
plies; but the only feeling of unpleasantness that I kad arose 
fr9m my being dependent. The brethren of my raess were 
very kind; they divided my pack and carried a portion on each 
of their horses. Their doing this still left me my mare to 
ride. 

Every headland we rounded in our travel down the kanyon 
the next day we expected to see a valley; but we were disap- 
pointed until about the middle of the afternoon, when we came 
into a small valley containing about twenty acres of cultivated 
land. The soil was sandy, and from the corn stalks lying 
around we judged the Indians had raised good corn there. 
About three miles further down we came to another small val- 
ley. There was a corn field there also, in which the corn stalks 
were standing; the ears had been stripped off. Morning glories, 
and beans, squash vines, and other vegetables had grown in the 
field, and had been well cultivated. Large ditches had been 
made for irrigating purposes, which gave evidence of industry 
and perseverance. Though this was November tlie fifth, there 
had been no frost to nip vegetation. As we continued our 
! ravel down this creek the kanyon became more open, the sur- 
rounding mountains were lower and receded from the creek, and 
the water almost ceased to run. We came to another corn 
field. It was surprising to us to seethe foliage so luxuriant 
and green as it was here; to have judged by that we should 
have thought it July rather than November. 

Had we continued on the course we were then pursuing 
we should have struck the Spanish Trail before long, as we 
were traveling in a southerly direction, and this wash on which 
we then were doubtless led into another wasli or stream whi^h 
crossed the Trail on its route to the Colorado liver. This, of 
course, would not have suited those who wished to go through 
by "Walker's cut off." We remained a day in the vicinity of 
this last corn field, and while there were joined by some men 
from the main train of wagons,_ of which Captain Hunt was the 
pilot. There were six of them with five horses. They informed 
us that the people with the wagons had all resolved to follow 
us, and had started on our track. Up to this point we had 
been traveling on no trail; we had followed thecourse of streams 
and were only able to know what our general course was by the 
compass. There were plenty of trails; but they ran in all di- 
rections over the country, being. made by the Indians to suit 
I heir local convenience. In starting again we struck over some 
high hills to the westward and traveled in this direction nearly 
all da}'. We estimated our day's journey at .32 miles. We 
camped in the dry bed of a creek, but could find no water. 
The animals were very much exhausted for want of feed and 
water. There was much suffering from thirst among the men 
in camp this night; many of Captain Smith's comi)any offered 
to give anything they had for a drink. Gloomy and despondent 
feelings prevailed with a great number, as the prospect of find- 
ing water without going a great distance was not very prom- 
ising. 

To the northward of wliere we camped were some mount- 
ains, and, as the dry bed of the creek came from that directioni 
it was hoped that by following it up we might find water there- 
in the morning, therefore, we started. 1 he weather was very 
warm for the season, and, after the sun arose, its rays felt op- 
pressive to both men and animals. Before we reached the 
mouth of the kanyon one of the brethren, became almost 
crazy with thirst, and I had serious fears for him. I understood 
afterwards that he had recourse to the dreadful expedient of 
drinking his uiine, in the vain hope that he could, by that 







a"TJ^E!IvriLE IltTSTI^TJOTOI^ 



,^M 



53 



moans, quench his thirst. Instead of it having that effect, it 
had tlie very opposite, as he ouglit to have known it would; it 
made him more thirsty, and aluio.>t maddened him. There 
were several of Smith's men also who-:e reasoti was nearly up- 
set through their excessive thirst. There were a number of the 
animals belonging to Captain Smith's comijaiiy which "gave 
out," as well as some of ours. 

(Zb be Continued ) 



For the Juvenile Tnfstructor. 




BELOW we present our little readers with an engraving of 
one of those curious pillars of water, which arc occasionally 
met with on the cqoen sea, or passing rapidly over the land 
near the sea shore, generally known as waterspouts. 

What is t h e 
ti'ue c a u s e f 
waterspouts is not 
decided; but they 
are generally sup- 
posed to originate 
i n small whirl- 
winds in the clouds 
above the surface 
of the sea. AVhen 
first seen forming 
by t'.iose who are 
a short distance 
off, a cone, some- 
what in the form 
of a trumpet, is 
usually seen to de- 
scend from a 
dense cloud, with 
the small end 
downwards, as you 
may notice in the 

picture; at the same time (he surface of the sea beneith it as- 
cends a little way in the form of steam, or white vapour, from 
the centre of which another small cone, gradually rites upwaids 
until it unites with that which is coming down from the cloud 
above. When they meet the W( terspoutis completely formed. 
It then presents the appearance of a pillar reaching from the 
clouds to the water, larger at the top and bottom, j^nd tapering 
in the middle. The.-e waterspouts often exist but for a few 
moments, as the cause which leads to their being formed, ap- 
pears to be unable to sustain them, sometimes however they 
will last as long as a quarter or even half an hour, but such in- 
stances are rare. When formed, they generally move very rap 
idly along the surface of the water, or across any land that may 
lie in their line of travel, and it has been calculated that they 
often pass along at the rate of from thirty to thirty-five miles 
an hour. The power with which waterspouts act is often very 
great. When passing over the land, they have been known to 
move heavy cannons, and to tear up large trees by their roots. 
One was once known to carry a large tree a distance of (JUO feet. 
They will tear the roofs off the houses, indeed sometimes they 
overthrow the houses themselves. On one occasion a wafer- 
spout was seen to roll up some moist linen on a bleaching 
ground, and to transport it, tOLjother with a beam accidently 
rolled up in it, the whole weighing more than 500 lbs. , over 
a house 40 feet high, and to a distance of 150 feet. Another 
once emptied a fish-pond and scattered the fish all round its 
margin. Sometimes men have been caught up by them, and 
yet let down again unharmed. 



On the 19th of June, 1835, a great waterspout passed over 
part of New Brunswick in British America. It traveled' 35 
miles in less than fifty minutes. It did great damage. It tore 
up trees, unroofed houses, threw down walls, smashed windows, 
etc In one house that had suffered much from its visit, was 
found a pocket handkerchief stuffed into a crack the water- 
spout had made in the wall, while a bed cover was found tight- 
ly pressed into a crack in the other wall on the opposite side of 
the room, and remained as firmly fixed in it as though it had 
been thrust in there intentionalj'. 

Waterspouts are often accompanied by violent noises, said by 
some to resemble tlu falling of water in a large cascade, or ike 
the rumbling of many wagons over a rocky road, besides which 
a whistling or i>iping sound is sometimes heard. They are also 
said to leave a sulphurous smell behind them, supposed to be 
caused by cbauges in the electricity of the air, brought about by 
the action of the waterspout. 

In our engraving it will be noticed the rain is falling and a 
storm of considerable force seems to be raging. This is gener- 
ally the case when waterspouts are seen. The wind also ap- 
pears to have blown the centre of the spout to a considerable 
distance from the straight line, which, indeed often occurs. When 
there is not much wind blowing the water ascends or descends 
in a direct line, twisting round and round upwards or down- 
wards, sometimes both ways, one within the other; and it is 
supposed the column of water, often hollow in the centre, is filled 
with air. But that will do for the pre ent, in our next number 
>ve will continue the subject and tell you some more about these 
strange phenomena. 



For the Juvenile Instruetor. 






-^(sT 



CHAPTER VIII. 



AFTER leaving the junction Willie felt deeply interested 
in the works. As they passed along the main tracks, 
on each side were small ponies of the Shetland breed, 
from three to four feet high, drawing coals out of the low places 
to points where the large horses could be brought to them. 

Some of tho.se ponies, also some of the larger horses, had 
been down in this pit for years, and for that length of time had 
never seen one ray of daylight. There, day and night is all 
the same. The rising or setting of the sun produces no change, 
and those animals had become so much accustomed to this 
darkness that they could see better in the dark than in the 
light. If they had been placed once more in the daylight, they 
woulgl have been perfectly blind. 

Willie and Thomas followed their guide from place to place 
for about five hours, and though they were told that they had 
not seen half ot the works, being tired of walking, they pre^ 
forrcd to be conducted to the mouth of the pit, and fiom thence 
to the earth's surfoce where they could once more behold the 
precious daylijiht. 

Willie felt quite at home with his uncle, aunt and cousins, 
though they had many cu.stoms which to him ajipcaied very 
strange. Every morning a chapter was read from the Bibl'.; 
then all would sit in an erect position neither moving hand nor 
foot, but would sit as still as if they were so many statues, and 
for a few miimtes death it.self eould not be more silent. When 
the head of the family moved liberty was restored to all. Their 



h 



-^^t! 



w(e< 






54 



CrXJ^EI:TirjE in^STI^TJOTOI^. 



yi 



^^ 



faith was that God knew better what they needed than they 
knew how to ask for il; consequently they thouglit it unneces- 
sary for them to ask Him for anything, although they could 
read in the Bible (which they prized above all other books) 
that God had said He would be inquired of by His children. 

Willie's relatives were members ol the Quaker church. His 
cousin Thomas was very zealous in the cause, and gave Willie 
an inviiation to accompany him to meeting the coming Sabbath, 
which was to be held at Bisliop Aukland, about three miles 
distant. The invitation was accepted. When they arrived at 
meeting Willie was astonished to see the gentlemen go into the 
meeting house and take their seats with their hats on. After 
sitting looking at each other without saying a word, for nearly 
an hour an aged lady arose and said: "I thank God that the 
deliverer has come out of Zion," and sat down. Perfect silence 
reigned again for about the same length of time as before, 
when two gentlemen silting on the stand arose, shook hands, 
and walked out, followed by the congregation. 

Willie remained with his cousins during the vacation, at the 
close of which they returned to school at Pontcfact and he to 

his home in the town of B . After arriving at home Willie 

continued to labor diligently to obtain an education, and nearly 
all the money that he could save was spent in books. Little by 
little he added to liis limited stock of information; like the lit- 
tle coral insect of the boundless ocean slowly, but surely he 
gathcied his store. 

One sabbath morning (Conference day) Willie went to meet- 
ing, whicli was to be held in a large hall known by tbe name 
of Odd Fellows' Hall. As he took iiis seat something seemed 
to whisper to liim: ''This morning you are going to be called 
to the priesthood, and you will be required to stand up before 
a'l this congregation (numbering about two thousand,) and 
say whetlier you will accept the office, and that you know you 
cannot do: so you had better leave here." 

All these impressions were given Willie as plainly as if some 
person had actually spoken to liim, and they surprised liim very 
much, for he had received no such intimation from any one, and 
why such thoughts should come to his mind now he could not 
toll. However, he cahujd his uiiud with the thought that ah 
his inipress'ons were unfounded, and that no one would ever 
thiuk of calling him to olEce; for ho was a mere boy, only sev- 
enteen years old. 

Soon his troublesome impressions returned, and Willie felt 
very much agitated. A circumstance now occurred to his 
mind that happened when he was in his thirteenth year. The 
circumstance was this: One Wednesday evening ^Villie attend- 
ed a fcllowshij) meeting. He had been baptized only a little 
before this by Elder Elijah F. Sheets. A very good spirit pre- 
vailed in the meeting. Willie tjiouglit that he would like to 
bear his testimony; so hs thought over what he would say, and 
when he concluded that his littio speedi was nicely arran-cdhe 
rjse to his feet. All the Saints looked at Willie and seemed 
anxious to hea- him say something, but to his great astonish- 
ment the nice little sjieech had all gone from liim. For a-short 
time he stood with his hands placed on the back of a bench, 
and then sat down in confusion. ^Villie's singular impressions, 
and keen rememberanee of this signal failure bore heavily on 
his mind. He was about to leave the room, but just tlien the 
thought occurred to him, that it would be rather a cowardly 
anion, even if he knew that he was going to be called upon to 
speak; therefore he concluded to remain and take iho conse- 
quenecs. 

Me ting was opened. The authorities of the church were 
)Te.scnted and su.stained. The i.resident of the branch iti which 
\\ illie resided arose to read the names of those tliat were chos- 
en tor office. M illio's fear came upon him, for his name was 
the first on the list, and he was called up just as it had been 



whispered to him tliat he would be. He thought the circum- 
stance very remarkable, and that the devil had been tempting 
him to leave his post of duty; he also felt very thankful that 
he" had resisted the temptation. Wm. W. B. 

(2b 6e Continued.) 



»s<GS'S< 






For the Juvenile Instructor, 



A TRUE STORY— SECOND PART. 



HE GOES TO ASOTUER SCHOOL. 



LITTLE George went to another Sunday school where he 
found a better teacher. The school he left was the Ran- 
ters' Sunday school; the new school he went to was the Wesley- 
an Methodists' Sunday school. The Ranters' society was not 
so krge a body of religious people as the VVesleyan Methodists' 
society and did not have so large and fine a school room. 

All the large religious societies in the big city had Sunday 
schools, in which men and women — members of the societies — 
taught little children, not only to read, but also to believj in 
the donrines of their societies. In this way children were 
trained to be members of the diflFerent religious societies from 
their infancy. 

His master and new acquaintance did not hke George to go 
to another school, bccau.se they were Ranters, and wished to 
build up their society all they could, and they wanted to have 
just as big a school and society as their neighbors. His mis- 
tress, not being a very strict Ranter, would have her own way as 
to which school George went to and she did not see that it 
made any difference. This change of schools gave him a chance 
of goin;? to a much larger school, and to a much larger and 
finer chapel too, where they did not shout, "Come, Lord, just 
now," so loudly as in the Ranters' chapel, nor did they beat 
the ben:hes so hard with their hands and feet, but they prayed 
and spoke with more vnction than the Ranters' did. 

Do you know what unction means? 

You d3 not. Well I will tell j-ou. 

It 7U'^ans only, melting; that is the Wesleyan Metbodist 
preachers spoke in more oily, soft and tender tones of voice, 
mixing up with it tears and snifting, until the congregation 
wept and snifted, and the man who could i>roduce the greatest 
amount of tears and snifting, until faces and handkerchiefs were 
anointed with tlie oveifJowings of eyes and noses as with oil, 
was considered to preach with the greatest unction. What tho 
Ranters tried to get the J^ord to do by bravely shouting at tlio 
top of their voices when they prayed to hiiu, and by banging 
the ben -bos, taking the Lord and heaven by storm, as they 
said, the Wesleyan Methodists tried to get him to do by wheed- 
ling an 1 cant and tears and snil'ting, which made their style of 
worship more unctuous than that of the Ranters'. 

The Wcs'.cyan Metliodists' way suited George's notion of 
worshiping God tho best, because he luid an idea that God was 
an enormous something, lie did not know what, that was always 
in a great rage, sending flume and smoke out of his mouth conj 
tinually, that he was so big he could hold all the water in the 
world in the hollow of one of his hands, and blow out the sun, 
moon and all the stars as easily as Little George could a cani'le. 
He thought that such an enorniims being should be talked to 
and of, and approached very cautiously, and with great fear 
and trembhng. 






J" TJ "V" E 3iT 1 1_. El IISTSTI^TJCTOIEe. 




t)o you know what snifdng means? 

1 will tell you. 

You can hear snifting upon a large scale every time the hot 
air escapes from the engine that prints the Dcscrct Nius^ a man 
with a bad cold snifts; it is a stoppage in the nostrils, which is 
caused also by excessive weeping. 

George liked his new school., his new teacher, his little class 
mates, and this new place of worship. He never liked the 
Ranters' chapel after the bad boy pricked him with a pin, and 
he was put out for crying when he could not help it. AVhen 
Sunday morning[canie he was always ready and willing to go to 
his new school, the teacher was always so glad to see his schol- 
ars, and shook hands with them all round; when ho taught 
them he did so with the tenderness of a father, and when \\t- 
prayed for them he desired so much that they might all bo 
good boys. All the class loved him, and if they did anything 
contrary to the rules of the school it was when they forgot, 
they did not do it ou purpose. 

The wrong of lunning away from school was soon forgotten, 
and George grew in favor with his master, mistress and new 
acquaintance. Not a week past that his mistress did not make 
him a little pre-ent, or buy him something new to wear. 

In the big city there was a great fair held every year in the 
spring time in a part of the city called Notmill, and the fair 
was called Notmill fair. The new acquaintance was going to 
see the fair, and would like Little George to go with him. The 
master and mistress were quite willing he should go, thinking 
that it would please him, and besides they considered him a 
good boy and deserving of kindness. 

This fair took place at Easter. Easter answers in the season 
to the passover of the Jews. Easter Sunday is the third day 
after Good Friday, the first Sunday after the full moon, and 
occurs about the 21st of March. The resurrection of Chiist is 
commemorated at Easter by the Roman Catholic and Protes- 
tant churches, when Easter pr.iyers arc read and fcrmons 
are preached. Notmill fair was held on Easter Jlonday and 
Tuesday. 

It was on the morning of Easter Monday that Little George 
and the new acquaintance arose early and put on their best 
Sund;iy clothing to attend the Notmill fair that day. It was 
a bright morning, although the sky was not quite cloudless, for 
now and then the sun was darkened with a thin cloud, and in a 
f.w minutes suddenly appeared again in all its glorj-. There 
had been rain in the night before, but the storm cloud ha I 
] assed awaj-, leaving here and there light clouds, which were 
scudding lazily along, like so many bundles of light white fea 
thers, ever changing their forms. It was a beautiful balmy 
morning, and the heart of Little George was light and joyous 
and happy at the thoughts of seeing so many nice and queer 
things at the fair. 

His mistress had got done dressing him, and combing his 
hair, slie then put on his cap and gave a finishing touch to the 
bow of his neckerchief, when she put her hand in her pocket 
and gave him a .--ilver sixix:nce, his master gave him twopence, 
and the new ac<iuaintancc a penny, so that he had nincpencc 
altogether. I cannot tell you how hapjiy ho felt, for this was 
something he did not look for. He never had owned so much 
money in all his life before. He put his pennies in one pocket 
and his silver sixpence in the other, thinking that he would 
change it as he went past the shop into half-iiemiies and pen- 
nies, for he would rather have a good many half-peimies than a 
little bit of a silver piece of money. 

They were now ready to .■ tart for the fair, and George fairly 
danced with joy, he said he would show all the boys how much 
money he had, and pruuiiscd him.sclf all the nuts and cakes 
and candy tiiat he wanted, and he would sec all the shows and 



have a jolly time, and he promised his mistress that he would 
bring her home some gingerbread. 

Uncle George. 

[To he Continued) 



THE STOI^"Z" OIF- 
.A^I^EI^^IO^^Isr HISTOID "2". 

Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings, 

l^CONTINUED.] 



IT[THEN the news came of Washington's driving the British 
VV armies from the Delaware to New York they were en- 
couraged. Still they were not yet sure that the Americans 
would be able, even with their aid, to succeed in the end. They, 
however, treated the commissioners with more attention, and 
even furnished them with considerable help. They did, indeed, 
all that tlcy could do without exciting the suspicion of the Eng- 
lish. They would not, however, openly treat with the commis- 
sioners, or receive them at court, or acknowledge them in any 
way as the agents ot an independent nation. They were obliged 
to be extremely cautious, for there was an English embassador 
in Paris, as usual at this time, and he was watchin;; all their 
doings with the closest sorutinj'. 

The American commissionor.s sent a note at one time to this 
embassador on some subject relating to an exchange of prison- 
ers, but he would not receive it. They sent it a second time. 
lie then sent back a note to them, saying that "his majesty's 
embassador receives no communications from rebels unless they 
come to implore his majesty's mercy." The commissioners 
sent back the note, saying chat, "having received that indecent 
paper from him, they returned it to him lor his more mature 
consideration." 

At length, when the news of the capture ofBurgoyne arrivid 
in France, the government was decided. They acknowledged 
the independence of the United States, and fbrnad a treaty 
of commerce with them, and immediately afterward Franklin 
and the other commissioners were publicly presented at 
court. 

The efl'ect of the capture of Burgoyno was as marked in 
England as it had been in America and in France. When the 
government learned the news, and especially when they heard 
that the French government had acknowledged the indepen- 
dence of the United States, they were seriously alarmed. They 
began to be sorry that they had ever undertaken the war. It 
would have been belter, they were now convinced, to have al- 
lowed the Americans the privilege they c aimed— the same 
privilege which all other British subjects enjoyed— namely, that 
of having all questions of taxes pa.'j.sed upon by Legislatures 
chosen by the people them.sclves who would have the taxes to 
pay. This was all that the Americans at first asked, if the 
English government had allowed these claims at tlie beginning, 
there would have been no war. And now, seeing that thry 
had carried on the war for some j-ears without making any pro- 
gress whatever, and observing what a serious turn affairs were 
taking, they came to the conclusion to yield. So tlicy aiqioint- 
ed commissioners, and sent them out to Amcri' a, to say to Con- 
gress that ti;ey were willing to make peace, and grant them 
what they had demanded, 'ihey .sent these con)missioi)ers out 
with all haste, in order that they might get to America and 
make [leace with the colonies before the news should reach 
them that France had acknowledged their indei)eiulcnce. 

The commissioners arrived, and laid their oilers before Con- 
gress, but the propo.-als were immediately rejected. 

It was too late. "That was," said Congress, "what we de- 
manded at first, and if you had acknowledged our right at the 






'h-^, 



JC9 



^^ 



Wtt^ 




J" TJ "V^ E! 2<r I L Ei UsTSTI^TJOTOie/ 






outset all tliis trouble would huve been saved; but j-ou refused, 
and compelled us to combine together, and establish an inde- 
pendent national government, in order that we might defend 
ourselves, and now we can not go back. We a e willing to 
treat with you for peace when jou are ready to acknowledge 
our iudepeudence, and withdraw your fleets and armies from 
the country, but not before." 

The commissioners, when tliey found that these open and 
public pro| osals were rejected, made secret attempts to bribe 
Congress. Tliey made communications privately to .some of the 
leading menibeis, offering them large sums of money and high 
offices L'nder the king if they would give their votes in Congress, 
and u-e their influence to induce tlie country to return again 
under the dominion of the king. The members, however, re- 
jected these oficrs with scorn, and published an account of the 
attempts made to bribe them in the newspapers^ 

Very soon after this the British withdrew from Philadelphia, 
■Which they had taken some time before, and retreated thiougli 
.New Jersey to 2s'ew York. They left Philadelphia for fear that, 
if the French were to send out a fleet to assist the Ameiic;\ns, it 
Would go up the Delaware liiver, and sliut th ir army in. 
Thus the Middle States came again into tl e power of the Amer- 
icans. 

In a sliort time a Fiench fieet did ajipcar, and the hearts of 
the Americans were at once gn ally encouraged, and their cau.se 
strengthened by the presence and assistance of their powerful 
allies. The French continued to assist thew after this, both by 
land and sea, to the end of the war. 

One of the most ex raordinary ev nts th tt occurred during 
the history of the lldvolution wjs the attempt of one of the 
American generals to betray a f jrt on the Hudson Kivcr into 
the hands of the British. The name of the general who was 
guilty of this treason was Benedict Arnold. His plot was dwh 
covered just in season to prevent his carrying his purpose into 
effect, but not soon enough to prevent his securing his own 
safety by making his escape. If he had been taken he would 
have been hung. 

Arnold was an intriguing and unprincipled man, but he was 
possessed of talents and a certain kind of inliuence and he had 
been employed in various ways by the Auierican Congress, both 
in civil and military services. In" the course of tlscse employ- 
ments he quarreled with the government, and also with the 
other oflii:ers of the armj', and in the end, partly from revenge, 
and partly from a hope of making his own fortune by the re- 
wards which he hoped to gain, he resolved to betray the Amer- 
ican cause in some w.iy to the British. He had lived extrava- 
gantly, and was greatly in debt, and he hoped, by the money 
which he should obtain for his treason, to extricate himself from 

all his ditliculties. 

(,To be Continuccl.) 



Is^oi-iXj-x-'s iFTJisriiTir soisrc3-. 



T'_c answer to the Charade in No. 4. is SWITZERLAND. 
We received correct answers from W. W. Ir-elk, Joseph F. 
Thornton, Wdliani Hunter, V.. 15. Thornton, M. Spali'ord, F. 
Kind.ed, O. Pn ylance. T J. Lu'z, J P. Smith, jr., M. Cal- 
lister, J. 11. Naijbitt, Ilebcr C. D^an and F. J. Dunfbrd. 



'Why do you .show favor to enemies instead of destroying 
them?" asked a chieftain of Sigismund. "1 destroy niy 
enemies by. making them uiy friends," was the Emperor's 
nob e reply. 

Look upward and onward. We learn to climb by keeping 
ourey..s, not on the valleys that lie behind, but on the moun- 
tains that rise before us. 



b'^^- 



oil, queer fittle stitches, 
Yon surely are witches, 

To bottler lue so! 
I'm tryiiit; to plmit you: 
Do stay w 'jere I want j ou, 

All straight in a row. 

Now Ijeep close together! 
I never know wht'tber 

You'll do as I say. 
Why can't you be smaller? 
"You really grow taller, 

Try hard as I may! 

There! now mv thread's knotted. 
My linger is dolteil 

With sharp needle pricks! 
I mean to stop trying; 
1 caniinot help crying; 

Oh, dear, what a lii! 

Yes, yes, little stitches, 
1 kiiuw you are witches — 

I'm sure of it now — 
Because you dmi't bother 
Grown people like mother 

When they try to sew. 

You love to bewilder 
Us poor little "childer" 

(As 15rid)j,et won d say), 
By junqjiiig and dancing, 
Ami leapiiig and prancing 

And losing your way. 

Hear the bees in the clover! 
Sewing "over and over" 

They don't understand. 
I wi.-h I was out there, 
And playing about there 

In tliat great heap of sand! 

The alternoon's going; 
1 mast do my scwiii.; 

Uefore I can play. 
Kow behave, liltle stitches, 
L/lkegood natured witches, 

The rest of the day. 

I'd almost forgotten 
About waxiwj; my cotton, 

A^^ go()d sewers do; 
And— oh, what a memory! — 
Here is my emery 

To help uuax it "through. 

I'm so nicely provided, 
I've really dendeit 

To Hnish the thinn.s. 
There's iiothint; like trying; 
My needle is Hying 

As if it had wings. 

There, good-bye little stitches! 
You <)o.-.tiiiate wilches, 

You're punislied, you know. 
You've been vci-y Uf;ly, 
But now you sit snugly 

Aloun m a row. 




Sdccl.tJ, 



Is publislR'd iu Salt Ijake City, Itali Territory 
KVKKY' OTHEft SATURDAY'. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Sinple Cop;/, per AnniMi •••• 

SiiKjlc Cii]>i/,/or Six Months* 



.?3 00 
. 1 50 



*tr* It is oxin'rtcil wIktp nf,'pnts forward namcfi flioy will be rcsponpitilc 
for till- papiTs Iliiis tM-(l"ri'il; and wlicn Cash paynu'iilK are iiiade, tliey will 
please lor ward tlieiil with tile letter eolltaiiuiip the nanica of the auhseriht'rs. 

/t^- Klder ^Vlu. II. 8hearniaii, Loyali, will act nfl (Jeneral Aj^eut fur 
Caihe valley. ' „. , , . 

«,>-(;raiu liroiflit to this City for the .luVKNIT.K Instkuctob will be 
i received at the ollii-e of our p.',per— DiisEiiiST Nicws I!eiLntN«s. 



= ^ti 



