-.^ 



i0lhuss t0 tin %Gx)i\ 



4 




(R 



VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, NOVEMBEE 9, 1872. 



NO. 23. 



T EC E C3- J^ 2sr ISr E! T 



THERE is perhaps no study ia the -world more interesting 
than what is called Natural History, that is, that branch of 
education 'which imjiarts to the student a kiiowledge of the 
habits and peculiarities of beasts, birds and fishos; but to young 
readers some portions of natural history are necessarOy more 
interesting than others. Where is there a boy who would not 
rather read about lions, tigers, elephants, rliinoeeroses, isanthers, 
serpents, and other members of the animal creation, dwelling in 
far off climes, and famous for their ferocity and cruelty, and for 
the dread with 
which their 
presence fills 
the mind of 
man, than to 
read about the 
ox, the sheep, 
dog, cat, and 
other harmless 
animals or 
reptiles with 
which they are 
all familiar? 
This love of 
the novel and 
the strange is 
not confined 
to youth, but 
they are more 
likely than 
their elders to 
gratify it, to 
the exclusion 
of another 
class of know- 
ledge equally 
as useful, but 
containing less 
of the wonder^ 
or surprise-cre- 
ating element. 

Some of you will remember that a few months back, you had 
in the Juvenit.k In.stiiuctor a sketch of a tree common in 
China called the tallow tree, from which tlie natives obtain a 
large amount of vegetable tallow of which they make their can- 
dles, and also turn its products to a variety of other uses. 
Trees of that class are unknown in this country, and hence 
some account of them could hardly fail to be more interesting, 




than a very short article, given very recently, on the pine tree, 
which is very common here, and with which you are all very 
likely to be more or less famOiar. 

You all, perhaps, recollect having, some weeks since, an 
account of the penguin — a very curious bird, found in the 
largest numbers in the icebound regions of the Arctic and 
Antarctic circles. It is a bird which is more at home in the 
water than in the air, and can fly well in and under the billows, 
but its wings are small, like fins, and not at all adapted to 

flight in the 

air. This is 
one of the 
curiosities of 
natural his- 
tory,and hence 
a sketch of 
i t s character 
would be very 
likely to be 
more attrac- 
tive to young 
readers than 
the bird called 
the Gannet, 
a much less 
interest ing 
specimen o f 
the feathered 
tribos, which 
wc purpose to 
make the sub- 
of a short arti- 
cle in this 
number. 

You can tell, 
by the engrav- 
ing of the Uan- 
nct, this week, 
that it is simi- 
' ■ ^ lar m appear- 

ance to the goose. It is of about the same color, nearly as large 
as the goose, and is called the Solan CJoose, as well as the Gannet. 
One of these birds when full grown weighs about seven pounds, 
and is ncjrly a yard long; the bill is straight, jagged at the sides, 
and six inches in length. The male and female arc very similar 
in ajjpearance, the former being a trifle larger. They share the 
task of incubation, or hatching their eggs. From the under bill 



* 



7 



or Tj "V E :tTi n. E iisrsTieiTJOTOie/. 



178 



hangs a loose, dark-looking sack of skin, capable of great dis- 
tension, in -which, while one bird is sitting on the nest attend- 
ing to the eggs or young, the other collects and carries food for 
its mate and their offspring. The plumage of the Gannet is 
■white, except the crown of the head, a small space on the back 
I)art of the nock and a portion of the wing, which are Imff. 
The tail of the Gannet is composed of twelve tapering, sharp- 
pointed feathers, the longest ones being in the middle. 

The Hebrides and the rocky islets dotting the northern coast 
of Scotland seem to be the favorite haunts of these birds, as 
they are found in larger numbers there than in any other jior- 
tion of the world; they are also plentiful in Labrador, od the 
coasts of Newfoundland, and in some of the more temperate of 
the northern regions in both hemispheres. It builds its nest in 
the most inaccessible cliffs and crags of rocks, and usually lays 
but one egg a year. If disturbed and prevented hatching it, it 
will lay a second, and a tliird, but only one at a time, and never 
mere than three in a season. Pilchards and herrings are the 
favorite food of the Gannet, and in capturing them it descends 
from a great hight in the air, plunging into the waves, upon 
its prey, end very rarely missing it. The eggs of the Gannet 
are a source of i>rofit to the inhabitants of the barren regions 
where they are found, but as their nests are so difficult to reach, 
those who rob them of their contents run great risk to life and 
limb in doing so. 

Besides the species of Gannet dwelling in the Hebrides, and 
elsewhere mentioned above, there are three other species — the 
white gannet of China, the brown gannet of the West Indies, 
and the western coast of tropical Africa; and last, the "booby" 
gannet, so called by sailors because of its great stupidity, found 
on the coasts of South America. 



KCTSTOI^.'Z- OIF 

O HITJ I^ O H. 
{^Continued.) 



T h: E 



YVHEN it was learned at Xauvoo that Brothers P. 11. and 
It B. H. Young, Bichard Ballantyne, James Standing and 
.lames Herring had been kidnapped, writs were issued and a call 
made for a posse to go and arrest the kidnappers and rescue the 
prisoners. This comi)any was under the command of William 
Anderson and William L. Gullor. They succeeded in arresting 
fifteen of tlir kidnappers, and found some of the property 
belonging to the men who had been kidnapped, but could not 
find tiiem. Another company was raised at Xauvoo for the 
same purpose, and put under the command of William K. 
Clifford. These movements excited the mob, and they circu- 
lated all manner of false rumors throughout Hancock and the 
adjoining counties respecting the intentions of the "Mormons," 
and used all their influence to get the .surrounding counties to 
lielp thoui tfj drive the "Mormons" and "Jack Mormons," as 
they called those who were friendly to law and order from the 
State. 

Another cause of excitement in the county was the part 
lakon, by the Saints residing there, in the election. When the 
Twelve Apostles left Nauvoo they gave particular counscil that 
the Saints should take no part in politics or interfere in the 
•'lections, as such a course would have a tendency to exasperate 
iiie mob, and cause them to commence hogtihties upon the 
defenseless and poor who were left behind, and to stop the sale 
of property by preventing the influx of new citizens into 
Nauvoo to make purchases. This counsel was neglected, and 
its neglect, besides producing bad feeling, was productive of no 
good result, for the opposite party beat the party for which the 
Saints voted in the county by a majority of several hundreds. 
It is said that this was done by making false returns. 

Levi Williams, who led the mob which murdered the Prophet 
Joseph and liis brother Ilyrum at Carthage Jail, and who pro- 



^t 



fcssed to be a Baptist minister, was very active in instigating 
the mob and giving them all the aid in his power. The mob 
succeeded in getting out writs for several new citizens who were 
objectionable to them, and tried to get them in their power for 
the purpose of murdering them, but failed to do so. The new 
citizens of Nauvoo held a meeting on the 12th of August, at 
which a report was made by the committoe who waited upon 
the mob that had gathered at the house of Levi Williams, at 
Green Plains, to induce them to return peaceably to their 
homes. This committee stated that the utter recklessness an<l 
want of courtesy exhibited by the anti-BIormons precluded all 
hopes of treating with them. Several speeches were made and 
a committee of five appointed to draft resolutions expressive of 
the sense of the meeting. These resolutions set forth the 
threats of the mob to the effect, that if the new settlers of 
Nauvoo did not drive the Saints from said city across the 
Mississippi on or before the 10th of September following, they 
themselves would do so with their own hands in the most 
violent manner; also that the new settlers would not acknow- 
ledge the right of the anti -Mormon party to interfere with them 
or with their policy, also that they (the new settlers) still con- 
tinued to place implicit confidence in the "Mormon" people and 
the pledges given by them relative to their departure for the 
West that season. 

A man by the name of John Carliu was illegally appointed a 
constable by a justice of the peace, and he tried to raise a 
posse to go to Nauvoo for the purpose of arresting, upon 
illegally-issued writs, certain new citizens who had been wrong- 
fully accused of crime. This was a mere pretext for the pur- 
pose of creating difficulty and driving the Saints from the city. 
Mr. William E. Clifford who was president of the trustees of 
the town of Nauvoo, but was not a Latter-day Saist, wrote 
and sent a letter by express to Governor Ford for assistance to 
protect the town against the mob. The Governor sent Major 
James K. Parker, of the Illinois militia, to Nauvoo, and gave 
him instructions, that, in case of an attack on the city, he was 
to take command of such volunteers as might offer themselves, 
free of cost to the Staff ^ to repel it and to defend the city. In 
some correspondence between Parker and Carlin, Carliu said 
that he would treat him and his officers as a mob, if they 
attempted to molest him. In the mean time he was doing all 
in his power to raise an armed force to aid him in executing 
his pretended writs. Parker issued several proclamations, in 
one of which he declared JIancoek county in a state of civil 
war. In this proclamation he said : 

''Nothing is more absurd than the idea that an armed force 
is necessary to execute civil process iu Nauvoo. I hold myself 
in readiness to aid in executing warrants issued for the ajijire- 
hcnsion of any ]ierson in this place, or in any other part of the 
county, so soon as the armed force now assembled under pre- 
tence of a constable's posse shall have been disbanded." 

General James W. Singleton, of Brown county, took the 
cbiof command of the mob. He was assisted by J. B. Chitten- 
den, of Adams; N. Montgomery, of McPonough; James Iving, 
of Schuyler; J. II. Sherman, of Hancock; and Thomas S. 
Brockman, of Brown counties. Major I'arker wrote to Single- 
ton, the mob commander, for the purpose of effecting a com- 
promise; to which Singleton rei)lied. Parker again wrote, 
stating that the conditions were under consideration, and 
soliciting an interview with such persons as Singleton might 
name to agree upon the articles of settlement. Articles of 
agreement were drawn up, refjuiring all the Saints to leave 
within sixty days, and were signed iu behalf of the anti-BIor- 
mons by some of the parties above named, and by Major 
Parker, Mr. Smith, Mr. Kcynolds, and Mr. Edmonds of Nau- 
voo. Instead of Parker defending the city and resisting the 
attack of the mob, as he should have done, he treated them as 
his equals, and made a treaty with them, agreeing to their terms 
and signing the agreement in his official capacity. 



tfci 



cr TT "V" B isr I L b: ustste-tjotoe,. 



3 

179 '4*« 



But the mob were not satisfied with these terms. Sixty ' 
days were too long for them to wait. Besides it was not the 
removal of the Saints they wanted; it was tlieii- blood. They 
wanted an opportunity to murder, to rob and to indulge in gen- 
eral violence. Singleton, when he fouud what a temper his 
officers and men were in, resigned his position as their leader. 
Chittenden also resigned. Singleton wrote to Smith, Keynolds 
and Parker stating that the mob had rejected the articles they 
had signed, which he thought were as fair as any reasonable or 
feeling man could ask the "Mormons" to do, and they must 
therefore consider him no longer connected with the mob camp 
in its future proceedings. 

Carlin immediately a])poiuted Thomas S. Brockman, of 
Brown county, to be leader of his party, who made "a soul- 
stirring speech to them," and gave orders to march. The mob 
themselves reported their number to be seven hundred, with 
many baggage wagons and every way prepared for a campaign; 
but it was believed they numbered over a thousand. Many of 
the new citizens of Nauvoo, feeliog that danger was fast 
approaching, and expecting a general massacre, left the city for 
other parts. The remaining citizens, what few were fit for 
duty, prepared for the worst; but the large proportion of those 
belonging to the Church were sick and destitute and included 
many women and children. 

( To he continued. ) 



LOisriDoiNr. 



^' 



SNA-KES are'"regarded with horror and repugnance by the 
generality of mankind and womankind, and for this reason 
their habits and instincts have not been sufficiently studied. 
Snakes may be broadly divided into i)oisonous and not poison- 
ous. As a rule, poisonous snakes will get out of a man's way 
if not attacked or insulted. I do not recommend people trying 
to tame poisonous snakes, nor do I advise them to charm them 
after the fashion of the Indian jugglers, though, as has been 
often shown, these poisonous snakes are generally "doctored," 
as regards their fangs, before the exhibition takes ])lace. There 
is now in London a gentleman who has a charming family of 
pet snakes — harmless, of course. This gentleman's name is 
Mann. He is a professor of music, and lives iu Cheyne Walk, 
Chelsea. 3Ir. Maun called on me a day or two ago at my office, 
and requested me to give him assistance, as he had got into 
a bother with his neighbors about keeping his snakes. 

Anxious to be of service to this gentleman, I called at the 
house in order to examine his snakery. He placed in the mid- 
dle of the room a large box, which was carefully looked. He 
tuld me the box was always locked, unless he or his wife took 
out the snakes to feed or esanune them. The first he produced 
from the box was a very fine common British snake ( Colvhtr 
natrix). His snakes have all got names, and this one's name 
was Julia. Julia had long ago laid thirty-six eggs, which were 
hatched out successfully. The next was also a common British 
snake. The ring round the neck was very bright in this snake. 
She rejoices in the name of Sj'lvia. Sylvia is very good at 
frogs : lately she ate nine frogs, seven large frogs, and two 
small, at one meal, one after the other. Mr. IMann has also 
two other common snakes, whose names are Proteus aud 
Beatrice, or she of the golden hair. This modern snake- 
charmer then dived his haml into the box, aud brought out an 
exceedingly lively brown-colored snake. The head is remark- 
ably pretty and hzarl-lik% and it has the power of moving the 
head very quickly from side to si lo; the eye is also remarkably 
brilliant. This snake Was brought from Jamrach; it is called 
a Lacertiue, and comes from the coast of Mogador, Northern 
Africa- it is perfectly harmless. Mr. l^Iann has had the 



Lacertine about twenty months. Ife is a pretty, elegant crea- 
ture. It feeds on white mice. 

Mr. Mann then showed me the gem of his collection. It is a 
remarkably handsome Brazilian boa, measuring between five 
and sis feet long, and weighing from twelve to fourteen pounds. 
The name of this snake is " Cleo," short for Cleopatra. Con- 
tinual handling and petting has caused this snake to become 
most remarkably tame, and I think there can be no doubt she 
knows individuals. When placed on the table, Cleo would not 
come to me at all, but glided away to hor master, who was 
sitting at the opposite side of the table, and, stretching her 
body from the table to the chair, gradually pulled her long 
length on to him. She then glided up his right side, and fold- 
ed her coils round "his neck, placed her head close to her mas- 
ter's face, and there she laid for some minutes quivering her 
black, forked tongue with evident pleasure. Mr. Mann's two 
little children, aged five aud six respectively, then came into 
the room. They immediately ran to the snake and began play- 
ing with it, kissing it, and pulling it, calhng it "Cleo, dear 
Cleo." Cleo was then made to glide on the floor; the children 
ran after her and picked her up, and the little girl, picking her 
up, put her round her neck like a hoa. (I wonder if this was 
the origin of the word boa?) Cleo evidently enjoyed the fun 
as much as the children. It was very curious to see these two 
little children encircled iu Cleo's ponderous folds, reminding 
me much of the celebrated statue of the Laocoon, and, if I 
recollect right, the marble children in the statue are represented 
as about the same age and size as BIr. Mann's two children. 
Cleo is a particular favorite of BIrs. Mann's, and I saw a very 
nice photograph of her, with Cleo coiled around her reck. I 
subsequently saw BIrs. Mann in this attitude with her pet snake. 
Cleo has shed her skin several times, aud it is curious to remark 
that she shed her skin ten times iu two years. Mr. Blann has 
the last skin shed. It is quite perfect, and as thin as tissue- 
paper; and I should think would make a good pattern for fancy 
lace-work. 

Cleo feeds principally on pigeons. If a pigeon is jmt into her 
cage, and she is not hungry, she seems to make friends with the 
pigeon and will never attempt to eat it. Should, however, a 
fresh pigeon be put into her cage, she will devour it instantly. 
She feeds once a fjrtnight, and two pigeons will about last her 
for this time. BL-. Blann has observed that, when let loose, 
Cleo always tries to climb upward, whereas the Lacertine 
always seeks the ground, Cleo most certainly knows her mas- 
ter and mistress. Once when they went out of town, Cleo wa.^ 
left behind. She pined, and would not feed during their 
absence. When BIr. and BIrs. Blann returned, after six weeks' 
absence, Cleo, on hearing her mistress's voice, instantly rushed 
out of her bos, coiled herself round her, and kissed her face. 
She evidently recognized her kind friend and protector. 

BIr. Blann has also another large Indian python, but this 
snake is not very well, and has private apartments to itself in a 
leather carpet-bag. The snakes will feed out of BIr. Blann' s 
hand. The common snakes eat frogs, and frogs only; the 
Lacertine eats white mice; the python delights in giunca-pigs. 
Altogether, I was exceedingly pleased with BIr. Blann' s col- 
lection of snakes. By his very successful snake-taming he has 
opened up quite a new chapter in natural history, and has 
shown what persevering kindness will do in taming snakes, 
pour creatures, which have hitherto been thought to have little 
or no intelligence. — /■'. Buddatnl^ in. Lan'l ainl Waier. 



As long -dA mankind sli:ill continue to bestow more lilieral 
applause on their destroyers thau on their benef'act«jrs, the 
thirst of military glory will ever lie the vice of the most esaltrd 
characters. 



Lii'S are hilil.'ss s\vonls,\vliich cut tlic hands tliat wuld them. Q 



5^^W 



ISO 



J"TJ'VE3SriLEI IIsrSTI?/TJOTOI^, 



■^^^? 



%'^t ia&$ttil$ itt$lrttclo^* 






GEORGE Q. CAKNON 



EDITOR. 



SATUKDAT, NOA^EMBEK 9, 1872. 

EIDZTOK.IJLIJ th:oij"C3-h:ts. 




HE iufluencc of music ou the manners of a 
people, and its ]iower over the mind, are 
recognized by the philosophers of ancient 
times. Polybius tells us that in iVi-cadia, 
a dull and cold country, music was neces- 
sary to soften the manners of the people, 
and that in no place were so many crimes 
committed as in Cynetus, where it was neg- 
lected. We know from the Bible what 
power music had in the case of Saul. He was 
troubled by an evil influence, and nothing dis- 
pelled it so effectually as the music of David's 
harp. He became subject to this evil spirit 
because the Spirit of the Lord departed from 
him in consequence of his wicked conduct. The 
';ij\^ Bible, speakiug of this, says, when the evil spirit was 
|L^^ upon Saul, that Pavid took a harp, and jjlayed with 
his hand : so Saul was refreshed, and was well, and 
the evil spmt departed from him. This is a great 
tribute to David's skill as a player and to the wonderful power 
of music. 

There is another instance recorded in the Bible of the power 
of music. The kings of Israel and Judah went to war with 
Moab; and, in doing so, they came into a position where they 
and their armies were about to perish for the want of water. 
The king of Judah was anxious to inquire of the Lord, through 
a prophet if one could be found, as to what they should do. 
They succeeded in finding Elisha, the prophet. The King of 
Israel was the son of that noted idolater Ahab and his wife 
Jezebel, and was himself a wicked man. When Elisha saw 
him, he told him to go to the prophets of his father and to the 
prophets of his mother. And when the king entreated him, he 
replied to him that were it not that he regarded the presence of 
the King of Judah, who was a good king, he would not look 
toward him nor see him. "But," said he, "now bring me a 
jiiinstrcl." " When the minstrel played," the Bible says, ''the 
hand of the Lord came upon him," and he prophesied. 

In the case of Saul we see that music had the effect to drive 
away the evil si)irit and to bring him to a liutter condition oi 
feeling; and in the case of Elisha it had the effect to cause the 
spirit of i)ropliecy to fall ou him. 

This jKjwcr of music on the passions has furnished materials 
fur numberless legends. They say that Alexander the 'jreat 
was roused to fury by the I'hrygiau, and calmed by the Lydian 
melodies of Tiniotheous, a noted musician of that time. It is 
said that Terpauder quelled a terrible insurrection which broke 
iiut in Lacedieiuon, by singing to the acconipanimcot of his 
harp. St. Augustine tolls how a simple flute player excited 
such enthusiasm iu a certain tribe of Ciauls that he was elected 
king. 

There is another legend whiih ncalls the story of Alexander 
the (ireat and Tiniotheous. Eric the <iood, King of ]>enmark, 
heard a musician boast that he could at pleasure excite in his 
hearers emotions of joy, soiTow or anger. ]<]ric wished to put 
him to the proof. The musician was unwilUng, and represent- 
ed to the king the danger of such a trial. But the more he 
drew back, the more the king insisted. Seeing that it must be, 



the musician had all weapons removed, and arranged that some 
spectators should be placed outside the door, beyond the sound 
of his harp. They were to wait at a distance, and at a given 
signal to run and seize the instrument, and strike him with it. 
Then he shut himself up with the king and a few trusty servants, 
and began to play on his harp — first of all a melancholy air, 
which plunged the listeners in deep sadness; then changing to 
a joyous tone, he set them leaping and dancing. But suddenly 
the music became wild and fierce — they were excited beyond 
measure, and the king apjjeared in a fury. Immediately his 
attendants who waited outside ran, snatched the harp from the 
hands of the player, and struck him with it; but the king was 
difficult to subdue, and dealt many heavy blows before they 
managed to quell him under heaps of pillows. Another version 
tells how Eric broke open the door, seized a sword, and killed 
four people; of which crime he repented so bitterly that he 
abdicated, and afterwards set out for Jerusalem as an expiation, 
but died at Cyprus. 

The troubadour Pierre de Chateauneuf, who lived in the 
thirteenth century, had a marvellous power over the feelings of 
his audience. Nostradamus, in his "Ilives of the Trouba- 
dours," tells the following story of him. This poet, passing 
through the woods of Vallongue, on his way from Roguemar- 
tine to visit the lord of the place, fell into the hands of robbers, 
who, after taking his money and stripping him, were about to 
kill him. The poet prayed them to hear a song he wished to 
sing before he died, and they consented. He improvised a 
song in praise of the brigands, and when he had finished they 
gave him back his horse, his money and accoutrements, in their 
delight at the sweetness of his voice and verse. 

Without going to legends, we may find in modern history 
abundant notice of the power of music. Who has not heard of 
the "Ranz des Vaches," that air which brings home-sickness 
to the Swiss engaged in foreign service ? At last it was for- 
bidden, under pain of death, to play it in the aimy; for when 
they heard it the soldiers would burst into tears, or desert, or 
even die. "One seeks in vain," says Rousseau, "anything in 
this air to account for such an effect. It has no power over 
foreigners, and only acts on the Swiss by memory and custom — 
a thousand circumstances which, recalled by this music, bring 
to mind their native land, their old pleasures, their youth, and 
former ways of life, exciting sad thoughts of times gone by. 
Although unchanged, this air has not the same power as 
formerly upon the Swiss, for having lost the taste for their 
early simplicity, they do not regret it when it is recalled. So 
true it is that we must not seek for the effect of music on the 
human heart simply in its jjhysical action." 

But whatever may be the reasons which operate upon the 
Swiss, it is certain that music is the medium through which the 
effect is reached; and from this we perceive how powerful is 
music. 



niHJ'J First I'rcsidency of the Church published a notice in 
X the Tabernacle in this city on Sunday, Nov. 3d, to the 
effect that after that date there would be no more public meet- 
ings held during the Winter ou Sunday in that building. Meet- 
ings will bo held each Sunday in the various Ward meeting 
houses. 'The mornings will be devoted to Sunday schools in all 
tiic,Wards, the afternoons to preaching and sacrament meetings, 
and the evenings to preaching meetings. Under this arrange- 
ment we hojio to see the Sunday schools increase in the number 
of their impils and to see an increased interest taken in them 
liy parents, Bishiii)S, Apostles and other iiublic men. A great 
many persons think they would like to go abroad and preach 
the gospel and win souls for Christ; but we know of no field so 
inviting for tliis labor as among the .young iieople of this Terri- 
tnry. There are thousands of them, free from sectarian tradi- 
tions, ready to receive the truth and waiting to be taught the 
doctrines of Jesus. Let them be taught these i)rinci])les and 



■^^'^ 




a""crirE:tTiiL.E3 uststi^tjotoi?/. 



181 



9^^ 



they will grow useful and mighty men and women, full of faith 
and good works. Let them be neglected and their usefulness 
is endangered, and they may become enemies of the work of 
God. How would we, who bear the priesthood, feel in the 
day of the Lord Jesus, if the souls of the children of men who 
are born in Zion should be lost because of our iudiflFerence and 
carelessness in teaching them the principles of truth? Our 
first duty is to teach the gospel to those who are in our midst 
before we go to teach other people. We would be no better 
than the sectarian world, if, while our own children were 
neglected and growing up in ignorance of the plan of salvation, 
we were to go out to other nations and people to impart it to 
them. 






C3-^1TC3-ES. 



HERE we have a beautiful engraving representing a most 
barbarous and unnatural practice, once very common 
among the natives of Hindostan — namely, a mother throwing 
her infant iuto the Ganges. Children reared in Christian lauds 
can not think of anything more cruel than infanticide, or the 
killing of newborn, or very young, helpless children, and yet in 




India and China, and perhaps other Asiatic countries, this has 
long been practiced. 

In so-called Christian countries infant murder is not uncom- 
mon; but public sentiment is strong in its denunciation, and its 
perpetrators, when discovered, are severely punished. But this 
has not been the case in India, for there it has I)een sanctioned 
by public sentiment, and this constituted one of the main 
features of its terrible enormity. 

Female children were those most commonly slain, for women 
in some of the countries of Asia are treated with so little res- 
pect, that the birth of a daughter has been regarded almost as 
a repoach or disgrace, and countless numbers of them have been 
killed at their birth, or very soon after. 

You are all aware, probably, that the natives of Hindostan, 
are what Christians call idolaters, or I'agans; they do not 
believe in Jesus Christ as the Son of God, or the Savior of the 
world. They also have various gods — images — which they 
worship. The river Ganges — the largest l)ody of water in India 
— is regarded by them as sacred, and its waters are often car- 
ried long distances, the natives believing that they possess 
wonderful virtues. So groat has been the sui)crstition of the 
people in this respect that fonnerly, it was not an iincdiuuion 
occurrence, for peoi)le who had been long married without hav- 
ing children, to dedicate their firstborn to some imaginary per- 
sonage, whom they regarded as the god or jiresidiug deily of the 



river. This dedication consisted in throwing the child into the 
Ganges, as you see in the engraving, where it was almost sure 
to be drowned, or devoured by the crocodiles, plentiful in its 
waters. How fearfully unnatural and cruel for parents thus to 
serve their helpless offspring ! 

It was in Eajpootana, formerly a powerful nation in Hindo- 
stan, that the murder of the female children was most common. 
Parents would consign their unfortunate little daughters to the 
dark waters of the river to save the expense of rearing and pro- 
viding for them. But Eajpootana is now under British rule, 
and that government being Christian and civilized, would not 
tolerate the practice of infant murder among its subjects, and 
for years this cruel custom has been prohibited by law. 

The conquest of Hindostan by the British is one of the most 
remarkable military achievements recorded in history, and at 
some time in the future, we shall endeavor to give you a sketch 
thereof, in the Instructok, believing that to intelligent 
juvenOe readers, very few things would be more interesting. 
Suffice it to say that, in the ITth century, a small company of 
English merchants obtained permission from one of the Indian 
rulers to establish a trading post in his possessions, and in 
about a century and a half from that time, the work commenced 
by those traders culminated in the subjection to British rule 
of a hundred and fifty millions of people, comprising many dif- 
ferent nations, with different customs and religions; and now 
Hindostan is the mcst populous and wealthy portion of what 
are called the British possessions in all the world. 

The British rulers of Hindostan, in the exercise of their power 
over the various nations once existing within its borders, have 
wisely refrained from forcibly interfering with the religions and 
customs of the natives, except where the absolute commission 
of crime was involved therein. The murder of infants, whether 
as sacrifices to the heathen gods or deities of India, or other- 
wise, being not only cruel, but awfully criminal, it has been 
prohibited by law; and if infant murder is practiced at all now, 
it is with as much secrecy as in Christian lands, and they who 
are guilty of it, if discovered, have to endure the penalty of the 
law for the crime. 

This is one great reform wrought among the Hindoos by 
their British conquerors; many others have been effected, one 
of which — the abolition of "suttee," or the burning of widows 
with the bodies of theii' dead husbands — regarded by the Hin- 
doos as a very sacred religious rite — we may make the subject 
of an article in a future number. 






ON Monday, October 21st, there was an excursion party in 
Salt Lake City, of the children of the Sunday schools of 
American Fork, Lehi, I'leasant Grove and Alpine, Utah 
county, and their friends, to the number of about thirteen hun- 
dred persons. The principal object of the excursion was to 
give the children a ride over the Utah Southern Eailroad, the 
most of them never having even seen a locomotive and cars till 
that line of road was made into Utah county, and to enable 
them to see Salt Lake City. 

The excursion was conducted by Brother William I'axmau, 
Suijorintendent of the American Fork Sunday school, and he 
was assisted by the Superintendents and Teachers of the Sun- 
day schools of the other settlements whii'h joined in the trip. 

The children enjoyed their ride on the railroad very much, 
ai]il on their arrival in Salt Lake City tliey visited the Tabcr- 
nacle and other places of inten^st. Their chief enjoyment, how- 
ever, seemed to be derived from their visit t<i flie Tlicatrc, 
whore there was a special matinee for the occasion. The jiluy 
of "Aladdin" was performed. The entertainment included 



?^^^^^43i^- 



^U-^si^ 



.»^< 




18S 



O'TJ'V'EIsriXjEl II<rSTS.TJOTOI^. 



some grand displays of dress and scenery, and many of the say- 
ings and doings in it are very funny, and gave great amusement 
to the children, most of ■whom laughed most heartily at the 
droll things they saw and heard. 

We must not omit to mention the American Fork brass band, 
which accompanied the party, and of which Brother William 
Grant is the leader. When the excursionists marched in pro- 
cession to the Theatre, they were headed by the band, which 
played lively tunes. 

So far as we can learn tha excursion was a complete success, 
and was exceedingly well conducted, which is creditable to 
Brother Paxman and those who assisted him. 

Such excursions are very encouraging to the children, and 
they will probably become quite frequent from the settlements 
on the lines of railroad north and south. We doubt not that 
the railroad companies will always be found ready to facilitate 
such trips by granting easy traveling terms, and a visit to the 
Theatre would always, we think, be an attraction to the 
children. 



3S<^^5*9C 



[For the Juvenile liKtrxtctor. 



€|mt§l^tj ol €ottttti0tt ®]§ittp» 



B O E. jft.2^. 



<^^-^ 



IN experiments with the blowpipe borax is one of the most 
useful re-agents; large quantities of this salt are used for fluxes, 
and also in the process of soldering. Borax when exposed to 
the blowpipe flame swells up like puff paste and afterwards 
fuses to a transparent bead, or globule, called the "glass of 
boiax." The reason of this swelling is the presence of water 
in this substance, which is driven off liy the heat. Soda, 
boric acid and water form the crystalline salt; it is a bi-borate 
of soda. ^V'e are all lamiliar with soda, there is the washing 
soda and carbonate of soda, both used in our households. Soda 
is the metal sodium, one of the elementary bodies in union 
v/ith oxygen; boric acid is not so well known, it is the ele- 
ment boron in union with oxygen; when these two oxides are 
combined with water they form regular crystals. It is said that 
at "Borax Lake," in California, crystals three inches across are 
found; and that large quantities of the alkaline incrustations of 
the praires are borax in part, mixed with lime salts and common 
salt. Crude borax is said to be found in Southern Utah, if so 
it is soluble in water and will crystallize if put aside and undis- 
turbed; nearly all soluble salts wUl do this, by which they can 
be frequently identified and separated' from each other. The 
octahedron (eight sided) form of borax contains less water than 
the prismatic variety; hotli of these forms produce the glass of 
boras 15. B. (before the blowpipe), the color of the glass 
depending on the presence of various metallic oxides. It is 
this ))ropeity of revealing the presence of other bodies that 
makes the glass of borax so valuable in analysis; it dissolves 
metallic oxides in the transparent glass the color of which 
determines the character of the metal. Tiie glass of borax also 
adheres to bright metallic surfaces with great tenacity, even at 
a red heat, this, as explained before, protects the metal from 
the oxydizing action of the air, and enables the solder to flow 
over the metals, by which they are soldered or welded together. 
The ancients called borax "chrysocoUa," a name which is 
applied to the silicates of copjier by modern mineralogists, they 
used the word in the sense of "gold cement," in allusion pro- 
bably to its use in soldering gold, for which purpose goldsmiths 
and jewellers now use it. 

Boras is now made artificially by the "dry Salter," as the 
iiiakei- of different salts Pjr commercial iiurjioses is called. In 



large cities manufactories are found where all sorts of salts used 
in the arts are made; a visit to one of these places is very inter- 
esting and suggestive as things to which we may attach no 
importance whatever, or even look upon with repugnance or 
disgust are there utilized. Ashes from volcanoes, scrapings 
from caves and cesspools, refuse from factories, pothiug comes 
amiss to the dry Salter, The white incrustations that cover our 
plains would be a mine of wealth there, the mass would be 
separated into different substances and that in the most simple 
manner. 

It may bo of use to the young experimenter who has no 
access to works on the blowpipe to know the colors imparted to 
the glass of borax by various oxides: with manganese, a 
violet color bead; with iron, cormium, and copper, green; with 
cobalt, blue, oxides that have little color impart a yellowish 
tint to a bead of borax glass. In reducing metals from the 
state of oxide the metal in tiny globules is protected from the 
action of air (oxygen) as it falls tltrongh the bead and collects 
into a button at the bottom. The borax can be dissolved out 
in water and the metal remains for further examination. 

There are many uses in the arts for borax, in glazes for pot- 
tery of the better kinds, also for fluxing and for making Ught 
textile fabrics fire-proof, this it does by covering them with a 
glass (the glass of borax) when exposed to flame, thus pro- 
tecting the combustible material from the air. 

One use of this salt with the ancient Egyptians was to make 
an indelible ink; lac (shellac) was dissolved in borax water, to 
which extremely fine charcoal powder was added. The solution 
being composed of carbon retained its blackness for ages, even 
to this day some kinds of record ink are made in this way. 
Shellac dissolved with borax in water is useful as a glaze or 
varnish and is a good vehicle for coloring materials. 

Betii. 






niiOSELY alhed to "boxing," or the heart of "self-defense," 
\J of the history of which you had a sketch some weeks since, 
is that of wrestling and other athletic exercises and games, 
practiced largely in the British islands, and in some of the 
countries of continental Europe. In almost all parts of Eng- 
land, cricket and quoits are very popular; but in some counties 
wrestling is the favorite pastime, and clubs arc formed, the 
members of which have matches and compete for prizes. In 
Scotland "Throwing the hammer," and "Tossing the caber" 
are very popular. In the former the "hammer" consists of a 
shaft about a yard long, at one end of which is a brass or iron 
ball. This hammer is whirled round several times to gain the 
required force or momentum, and is then hurled as far as possi- 
ble, the longest throw winning the prize. The "caber" is a fir 
tree about four yards long; the branches are all lopped off, and 
one end made tapering. The thrower holds the "caber" by the 
thin end, lifts it to the bight of his shoulder, and then hurls it 
with all his force straight up into the air. If the throw be a 
good one the broad end of the " caber," in its descent, strikes 
the ground, and stands a moment before falling. 

Among the Venetians of the middle ages athletic games were 
very pojjular. They had one feat in which they took special 
pride, and whenever opportunity offered, it was jierformed 
bcf ire the highest 'dignitaries of the land. This feat was 
named the Force d' Ermlc^ which translated into English, means 
"The Labors of Hercules," so called after Hercides, the cele- 
brated athlete of the ancient Grecians. To perform the ''Forzo 
d'Ercole" thirty men were required, all of whom must be of 
great strength. They \^erc so arranged as to form a pyramid, 
composed of several tiers. A certain number wore chosen for 



i^2^ 



^ 



'4 



{TTJ^ElsriXjE insrSTI^TJOTOK/. 



183 



the first tier or basement, a less uuniber for the second, still 
loss for the third, the top tier consisting of a single person, and 
he, while perched on his lofty eminence, performed many 
curious and dangerous tricks, something after the fashion of 
acrobats, or "tumblers" in a circus, finishing his performance 
by taking a single leap to the ground, alighting upon a mattress 
or cushion spread there for him. Matches of this kind were fre- 
quent, several ''pyramids" contesting, that ueing declared the 
winner that had the greatest number of tiers, or that preserved 
its balance the longest. So popular were athletic sports and so 
general were they among the VeDctians in those days, that 
non-professional atheletes could, it is said, form wide spanning 
arches, erect colonnades, pile up pediments and imitate the 
most wonderful devices of arohifecture with their bodies. 
These games did not cease among the A'^enetians until the close 
of the last century. 

It is very natural to suppose that among people who prac- 
ticed and encouraged athletic games and sports to a great 
extent, and for many generations, that there would occasionally 
arise a person famous above all others for his strength of body; 
for it is a fact, that history and experience have often proved, 
that peculiar traits of mind or body, by cultivation, whether by a 
people, or by individuals, can be transmitted to their posterity, 
until some prodigy or wonder in that ]iarticular line springs up 
and delights or surprises the world. 

We see this illustrated in the musicians of Italy and Ger- 
many, For ages those nations have cultivated music with 
great ardor, and the result is that the musical giants of the 
world, whether composers, singers or instrumental performers, 
have almost without exception been Germans or Italians. 
Abundant confirmations of the truth of this theory may also 
be found by reading the history of the ancient Grecians. They 
were the most enthusiastic cultivators of oratory and sculpture 
that ever lived, and the great orators and sculptors who flour- 
ished in Greece two or three thousand years ago, are still the 
models of the world, and have never been approached. 

The theory is none the less true in relation to athletic sports 
and pastimes, and we shall close this article with a short 
account of two of the most notable athletes of modern times, 
named Scanderberg and Topham, the former an Albanian, the 
latter an Englishman. 

Scanderberg was King of Albania, a mountainous country of 
what is now called European Turkey. His real name was 
Georges Castriota. He was born in the early part of the 15th 
century, and at an early age was delivered as a hostage to the 
sultan, and was brought up at his court. While young he 
excelled in the use of the sword and bow, and iu horseman- 
ship. 

The Turks were enthusiastic lovers of athletic sports, and 
young Scanderberg took great delight in competing with the 
younger members of the Turkish aristocracy, in their jousts and 
tournaments. The sultans in those days used to keep at their 
courts troops of professional acrobats, or athletes, and they 
would perform occasionally for the amusement of their royal 
employers. These men were mostly Tartars or Indians, and 
but half civilized, and in their exhibitions they would scratch 
and bite each other like savage dogs, and would sometimes bite 
off the nose or ear of an opponent. These athletes used to 
wear a particular dress or uniform, and once in awhile they 
would walk in procession through the streets, ready to wrestle 
or fight with any person who took a fancy to test his strength 
or skill in a match with them. One day there arrived at 
Adrianople, where the sultan and his court were at the time, a 
renowned atldete, a Scythian, a perfect giant for stature and 
strength, and he challenged the whole court to single combat. 
The man's size and appearance were so formidable that all 
.seemed as if they feared to cope with him, and he, finally, began 
to twit the Turks and to declare that they were all afraid of 
him. It was then tliat young Scanderberg made his debut, and 



astonished all his friends, and alarmed them for his safety, for he 
accepted the challenge. All thought that his death was certain, 
but the young hero proved equal to the emergency. The arm 
of the giant was raised to strike his youthful antagonist, but 
the latter, with the speed of an arrow, with his left hand seized 
the giant's uplifted arm, and with his right plunged a dagger 
into his throat. This performance astounded all who beheld it, 
but it was only the fore-nnmer of innumerable others equally as 
daring and astonishing. 

Some time aft'^r, two Persian knights offered their services to 
the sultan, and desired that their powers should be at once 
tested. To prove them, Scanderberg offered to fight them 
both, the condition being that they should attack him one at a 
time. This was agreed to, but scarcely had the combat begun, 
before tlie second of the strangers rushed to the aid of his 
comrade. Scanderberg seeing him coming rushed upon him 
and felled him with a blow of his fist, then turning to his fir^t 
adversary he struck him with his sabre, splitting him in two 
from the right shoulder to the hip. He then cut oft' the heads 
of both, and presented them to the sultan, and for his prowess 
received the name of Scanderberg, meaning. Prince Alexander. 

When he reached man's age Scanderberg was very tall, and 
his strength of arm was immense. His sword was so long and 
heavy that no man but himself could use it to any effect; and he 
used to always wear two, lest in his combats one might be 
broken, and he be left unarmed. In those days military men used 
to wear armor, and so strong of arm was our hero, that in com- 
bats he not unfrequently clove his antagonists in two, from head 
to foot, when clad in their steel dresses. One blow with liis 
sword would cut a man's head clean from his shoulders. With 
one blow he cut off the head of a mad bull, also that of a wild 
boar, which had been the terror of the wliole country. It is 
related of him that two men, enemies of his countrymen, were 
brought into his presence bound together, and with one blow of 
his sword he cut them both in two, 

Topham, the English athlete, was a very different kind of 
man to Scanderberg. He was, perhaps, quite as strong, or 
stronger, but was not a swordsman, or man of war; consequently 
his feats were of a very different kind. It was proved by 
experiment that Topham had the strength of twelve ordinary 
men. It is related of him that he took a bar of iron, put the 
middle of it to the back of his neck, then bent it until the ends 
met round his neck; he then undid what he had done, making 
the bar straight again. When among friends and acquaintances 
he would amuse them sometimes by bending an iron roasting 
spit round his neck like a cravat; or he would take pewter 
plates and mugs and bend or break them witli his fingers, as if 
they had been egg shells. He could crack the shells of cocoa 
nuts with his fist, as easily as other people could the counuon 
hazel nut. 

In those days it was the custom in England for the night 
watchmen, or policemen, to have boxes placed at intervals on 
the streets, in which they could shelter themselves and take a 
rest occasioually. One night Topham found a watchman asleep 
in his box, and for a joke, he took up box and watchman, and 
carried them quite a distance, and placed them on the wall of 
a churchyard, and there left them. At another time he lifted 
three casks filled with water, their total weight being 1836 
pounds. This extraordiuary^man was born in London in 1710; 
when full grown he was about 5 feet 10 inches high. There 
was nothing peculiar in his ai'pcarance, and the only difference 
observable between him and others was in his armpits, and 
hams, which, instead of being hollow, as in ordinary jieople, 
were filled with muscles and tendons. 



He who stops to think before he acts, will be delivered from 



thousand troubles. 



ff^^ 



■^¥^i\ 



i^ 



^, 184: a-TJ"V"E3^i:i-.E IIsTSTIS/TJOTOI?/ 



^ 



^^. 



s^ATEK^s onsr the book: 
OIF 3yEo:K.:]yco3sr. 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 

LrSSON FOR SUSDAT, NOVKMr.EE 17TH, 1ST2. 

Q.— What is the Book of Mormon ? 

A. — It is an abridgment of the record of the people of Ncphi and 
also of the Lamanitcs, and contains also an aliridumcnt from llic 
Eoolc of Ether, which is a record of the people of Jared. 

Q. — 'Why is it called the Book of Jlormon V 

A. — Because Jformon made the abridgment of the history of the 
people of Xeplii, which forms the principal part of the Book wc 
now hare. 

Q. — Who made the alirldgmcnt from tlie Book of Ether? 

A. — Jforoni. 

Q. — Who was Jloroni ? 

A. — The sou of ^Mormon. 

Q. — In what I.anjnagc were the abridgnicnts written ? 

A. — Reformed Egj-ptian. 

Q.— By whom was tlie translation of llie Book of Jlormon made 
into English? 

A. — By Joseph Smith, the prophet of God. 

(J. — Wliat means were^givcu him to use for tliis pnrpose ? 

A. — The Vrim and Thnramini. The interpretation through it was 
liy thcuiftof God. 

Q. — Who was Mephi ? 

A. — The fourth son of Lclii. 

(J. — Who was Laman ? 

A. — The oldest son of Lehi. 

Q. — Why were the people of whom the Book of Sformon is a record 
called Xephites and Lamanites V 

A. — Because, after the death of Lehi, his children divided, llic 
righteous were led liy Nephi, tlie wicked by Laraan. 

Q. — How many children did I-ehi have 'i 

A. — Six sons. 

(J. — What were their names ? 

A.— Laman, Lemuel, Sam, Ncphi, .Tacoli and Joseph. 

i-l. — What was the name of their mother ? 

A. — Sariah. 

LESSON FOB SUNDAY, NOVEMEEr. G+in, 1872. 

CJ.— AYherc did Lehi live at tlic time the Lord gave him a vision ard 
commanded hmi to go into the wilderness ? 

A. — At Jerusalem. 

ii. — At what time did Lehi and his family leave Jcrnsalcra ? 

A. — Six hundred and one years before the coming of tlic Savior. 

Q.— Who was King of Judah at that time '! 

A. — Zedckiah. 

(2.— Was the family of Lehi the only one that left Jcrnsalera at that 
time? 

A. — No. Ishmacl and his family, and Zoram, the servant of Laban, 
followed Lehi into the wilderness. 

(J. — Who was Laban ? 

A. — A relative of Lehi's, who kept the records which contained the 
genealogy of their fathers. 

ii. — Vrom whom were they descended ? 

A. — From Joseph, the sou of Jacob. 

(■I. — For what reason did Lehi and Ncphi desire to obtain these and 
other records from Laban ? 

A. — Because the Lord commanded Lehi to send back to Jerus.alem 
for tlicm, that thej- might have a record of their language and gcncal- 
OL'v, and the predictions of the holy prophets. 

ii. — To whom did the Lord give power to obtain tlieec records ? 

A. — To Ncphi. 

C^. — Why to Nephi more than to his older brothers ? 

A. — Because of his faith. 

i-i- — What did these records contain ? 

A— The five Ixjoks of Moses,'aIso a record of the Jews down 
to the reign of Zedckiah, also the prophecies of the holy pro- 
phets from the beginning, including many of the prophecies of 
Jeremiah. 

tj. — '^)n what were these records written ? 

A.— 'In plates of brasa. 

( To he continued. ) 



tl$tfth §tit%t^. 




.A. LITTLE "WOKylD. 



A word — one little sound — 

Has power withhi itself 
Tlie bravest heart to wound. 

The hardest heart to melt. 
They make our happiest hour, 

Thej- cause our keenest grief; 
Tiiey are the tliom or flower 
Scattered beneath our feet. 

Oh words! ye signs of thought 

Alike to all are given. 
To use them as man ought 

And make this world a heaven. 
Oh words! ye signs of pain. 

And filled with hidden force, 
Ve cut our hopes in twain, 

And warmest friends divorce. 

In childhood's happy days 

From mother's lips ye came. 
And in a thousand ways 

Gave hope and joy and shame. 
Indeed, wc loved you then, 

i*y joyous hearts enforced, 
Ye were our trusted friend, 

Our ecrtam, tried recourse. 

Biit mother's lips have closed. 

The child to man has grown. 
As autumn takes the rose 

And I'-aves the rugged thoni. 
Oh word ! thou little sound. 

Thou power for good or bad, 
What thoughts in thee aliound 

To checrj^or make us sad. 



I 



>9<:^^9« 



[For the Juvrn'Jc Iiulrni-tor. 



oh:^e.^x)e. 



HT WALTEn J. lEWJS. 



I am composed of 14 letters: 

My 1, S, 1), C, 7, 2, 4, 13, 11, 1, 10, 1 1 is a city in tlic Lnitcd States: 

My 1, S, 4, 2 is a city in Asia; 

My 10, 2, 0, n, 7, S, 7, 11, 2 is a country in Africa; 

My 2, C, 7, 11, 10, 2 is one of the grand divisions of the earth; 

^ly 14, 4, 5, 3, 7, 3, 14 is a lake in the T'nitcd Slates; 

-M}' whole is a river in South America. 



>»<^5*>« 



We publish, in this number, questions and answers on the Book of 
Mormon for the use of Sunday schools throughout the Territory; and 
have prepared a lesson for each Sunday. It is our intention to con- 
tinue to funiish, in each number of the Juvenile iNSTUucion, a les- 
son for everj- Simday; and shall probably adopt the same method in 
relation to the Bilile, so that there may be a uniformity of instruction 
throughout the Territory upon the subject. Of course the Superin- 
tendents and Teachers can vary these questions— divide them into 
two or three, or not, as they jilcasc, to suit the capacities of their 
pupils. The object is to promote the study of these hooks, and to 
render every eliild in the Territory familiar with them. 



CTTJ'VEIsrilLE inSTSTI^TJOTOK. 

Is pub'isbod in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER BATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 50. 

*a- Grain brought to this City for the JuVF.NiLF. Instructor will be 
lociivoil nl the olficc of our paper— Deseret News BiiiLniNoa. 



t^^ 



"^t 



