
VOL. XVI. 



SAF.T LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, ]ssl. 



NO. 4. 



A CHII^O'S LOVE 




"\yHAT pleasant 
» ' thoughts arise 
in the mind at the 
sight of this picture ! 
What tender recollec- 
tions it brings back to 
those of mature jears, 
or who have not now 
a loving mother ! 
While to the younger 
readers the scene is so 
full of meaning, i-o 
natural and litflike, 
that they linger long 
upon the page and 
almost dislike to turn 
the leaf! 

S uch a picture ough t 
to arouse the very best 
thoughts in the heart 
of every reader. And 
let me add, that boy 
who is not pleased and 
aifected by it has some- 
thing wrong in his dis- 
I)Osition. 

The love of children 
for their mother is in- 
descriljable. To her 
they owe a debt which 
a lifetime cannot wipe 
out. Every little chiM 
has this affectinn — it 
is planted within him 
by the Lord. And 
our Heavenly Father 
designs that that love 
which is born within 
us, as infants, should 
increase as we grow in 
she and years, until, 
as men and women, 
ourloveforour jiarents 




shall be an all power- 
ful, intense affection 
that is without limit. 
It should be inferior 
only to ('urlove for the 
Great Creator. 

It is not a very nice 
remark, but it is true, 
that many boys when 
they get large cuough 
to be called young men, 
and even before that, 
feel ashamed to kiss 
their mother. They 
feel too big for any 
such exhibition of 
affection, and would 
rather have their com- 
panions consider them 
"independent," and 
inan'y as they call it. 
This is about the time 
nf their lives when 
f( ihej' think it neces- 
sary to smoke and 
)ierhaps swear a little. 
You all know how 
foolish this is. 

In my reading I 
have never yet dis- 
(u)vcred a great man 
who was not a loving, 
dutiful son. It is a 
fact noted in bio- 
graphical sketches of 
nearly all truly groat 
men that they were 
good sous to their 
mother. 

All obediet)t affec- 
tionate boys do not 
become famous in his- 
tory, but every such 



l^. 





38 



CrTJAr3i]^TIIl.El IlsrSTI^TJGTOI^. 




boy has one of the noblest elements of greatness. The little 
boy in the picture has a bright, happy face and we may be 
sure he has a good kind mother. We hope for his own sake that 
the time will never come in his life that he will not love his 
mother, and be proud and happy to caress her as he is here 
doing. 

Many boys in the world, and perhaps some who will read 
these pages, do not know what it is to have a mother. We 
who have been more blessed sliould sympathize with them. 
In their life there is a great void which nothing now can fill. 

We are all soon enough deprived of her whose life is spent 
jn rearing us. Then, as she grows old and we grow to our 
prime, let us resolve that her declining years shall be blessed 
and cheered by all the kindness and affection it is in our 
power to bestow; that, when at length death shall have 
claimed her, we may be able to think with some satisfaction 
that we have done a little to repay her for what she endured 
for us. 

Children, "Honor thy father and thy mother." 

Jaquce. 



TEMPLES. 



BY DANIEL TYLER. 




[Continued from iniffe '2S0, ^'ul. 15). 

FROM uiy last chapter you will see plainly that the Saints 
wore utterly unable to build the Lord's house at that time, 
ill tlie city of Zion, on account of being driven out by the 
mob. 

After settling in Caldwell and Davies Counties, they located 
a city in each. The one in the first-named County was called 
Far West, and the other, Adam-ondi-Ahman, 

On the liiith day of April, IS.IS, the Lord commanded the 
Saints to build a temjiie to Ills name in the city of Far West. 
He also set the 4th day of the following July to begin the 
work. He further charged the Presidency of the Church not 
to go into debt to build it. but to make a beginning and then 
to rc-conimence one year from the day set for the beginning of 
the work. This would bring the resuming of the work on the 
4thday of July, is.iO. 

The beginning was made by excavating the ground on the 
day set, and Elder Sidney lligdon delivered a masterly oration 
at the time, which I understood, and still understand, was nut 
approved by the prophet. 

This oration, and an effort on the jiavt of one I>r, .\vard, to 
get up a secret organization unknown to Joseph Smith, at the 
same time pretending to have liis sanction, was, with the 
exercise of the franchise to vote, an excu.se by which another 
mob pretended to justify themselves in burning the hou.^es 
and robbing the Saints of their proi>erty. 

After bearing considerable of tliis kind of robbery, and 
Governor L. W. Boggs having refused to enforce the law 
against the perpetrators, or even to investigate the matter, the 
militia of the two Counties were called out under Colonel 
Ilinkic, of Caldwell, and Lyman Wight, of Davies. 

Thi.s was about the time tiie fall crops were nearly matured. 
The mob coveted our croj)s and other jiroperty, and were only 
too willing to have some kind of a pretext, no matter how 
false or flimsy, to drive ns and secure the plunder. 

Some time in November, 18:58, General Lucas, of Jack.son 
County, cainc against us with a large army. Some, who pro- 



fess to be posted, say there were 5,000 well-armed militia men; 
and, from their extended encampment, I should judge this 
estimate not far wrong. A portion of them, after refusing to 
answer a flag of truce, were drawn up in line of battle and 
ordered forward as if to march upon the town of Far West, 
when about 350 of the militia of Caldwell marched forward 
towards them. 

The large army then ordered a halt, and for the first time 
sent out a flag of truce. Colonel George M. Hinkle met the 
flag, and agreed to deliver the projihet and other leading men 
into the hands of the mob, which he did by telling them the 
officers wished to see them, and that they could return at 
pleasure. 

Hinkle accompanied them, and wlicn they reached the 
enemies' camp he introduced them about as follows: "Here, 
gentlemen, are the prisoners I agreed to deliver you." 

That night a court martial sentenced them to be shot on the 
])ubUe square, at S o'clock nest morning, in the sight of their 
families. This court martial consisted of about thirty per- 
sons, eighteen of whom were so-called Christian ministers. 

The Lord used Colonel (subsequently general) Doniphan to 
frustrate their murderous design. A treaty was made by 
which all the Saints were compelled, at the point of the 
bayonet, to sign away all of their property of every descrip- 
tion, to defray the expenses of the war the mob had made 
upon them, and to leave the State forthwith. 

Subsequently another 5,000 came against us, under General 
Clark, who told us that if the treaty had not been made, our- 
selves and fuuiilies would have been slain, and our houses in 
ashes. 

(To he Continued.) 



^ t . 41^ . 4^ 

PRosELYTiNr, BY FoucE. — Very few of the many children 
raised in this Territory have an idea of the devices resorted to 
in the to-called Christian world, to make proselytes to the 
faithless forms and powerless systems of religious worship. 

They can read in the Scriptures about the ancient Scribes 
and Pharisees, who would "compass sea and land to make one 
)iroseIyte," offer u]) long prayers, lengthen their countenances; 
and disfigure their faces, as a trade mark of their religion. 
But they are probably not so well posted in regard to the 
methods of their modern prototypes, who style themselves 
Christian!?. This latter class, in some instances, have tried to 
make an improvement on the olil plan. 

When persuasion fails to succeed they occasionally use force. 

In the State of Alabama, just previous to the late war, a 
wealthy gentleman attended a Mcthodi.-t church, in order to get 
spiritual consolation. The parson did his best to make it hot 
for sinners. Their mode of baptism by sprinkling, substituted 
for immersion, was practiced on several quietly. Others were 
brought forward by force and compelled to submit to the 
operation. Their cries and resistance availed nothing. 

The gentleman took a note of this, and invited the preacher 
home with him, remarking that his services wore much 
needed there. 

Alter dinner the pious man was anxious to know what he 
could do for his i'riend. 

"Well," said he, "I want my overseer baptized." 

"All right," said the preacher, "if he is willing." 

"That makes no difference," the gentleman replied, "the 
negroes and I can hold him." 

The pardon saw the point and left in haste without try- 
ing it. — ./. //. Villi X<(il(t. 





uTJ'^rEisriiL.E iisrsTi^TJOTOi^. 



39 




THE 



INQUISITIVE 



BOY 




HER1<] we have a picture of a home scene that is quite 
expressive. The htlle boy, as all little hoys should be, 
is fond of reading good books, from which he can learn of 
countries and people and things that he has never seen. Fre- 
quently, when reading, he comes to a word or expression that 
he cannot fully understand, and like a sensible boy, such as he 
is, he determines to get the sense of it before he proceeds any 
farther. Ac- 

cordingly, ha 
asks his mother 
for information, 
and one question 
leads to many 
more. In his 
eagerness to 
learn he doesnot 
stop to think 
that he is inter- 
rupting the rev- 
erie into which 
she has fallen, 
by asking so 
many question-:, 
until to his sor- 
row, he is sud- 
denly made 
aware of it. 

The mother, 
weary with the 
laborsof theday 
and harassed 
and troubled 
with the cires 
of her family, 
has seated her- 
self to spend (he 
evening in 
mending herlit- 
tleboy's clothe^. 
Her mind wan- 
ders back to a 
time when, as 
a light-hearted 
girl, surrounded 
by c m fo r t s , 
kind friends and 
bright pros- 
pects, she in- 
dulged only in 
bright dreams 
of th^ futu)-''. 
And now, a 
she thinks of 
that time and 
then of her present poverty she feels like exclaiming with 
Maud Mailer, "It might have been." 

"For of ill! thn snrl wnrd.s of tnngiio or pen, 
Tlie ?;i(lilcst nre thi-F-c: 'It niiglit liave boon!' " 

Tired in body, peridexed in niiod, dissatisfied with her jircs- 
ent condition, as the picture of her youlhfiil days passes before 
her mind, is it any wonder that the mother ^hould for iho 
moment Jecl annoyed at the inqui.'-iiive disjiosition ol her boy? 




Is it any wonder under the circumstances that she should 
answer so curtly as to hurt the feelings of her sensitive boy, 
and discourage him from making ary further attempt at gain- 
ing the desired infurmation? 

We can forgive the poor mother, when we consider all the 

circumstances. No doubt she will feel sorry enough for it, 

when she sees the tear drop standing on his cheek as she 

looks at him in his little bed, before reliiing for the the night. 

She will feel then almost tempted (o arouse him from his 

slumber and ask 
Lis forgiveness 
for the harsh or 
jiatulant words 
snoken ; and 
when she kneels 
in prayer by her 
bedside she will 
a,-k God's for- 
giveness, and 
thank Him for 
giving her such 
an inquisitive, 
studious boy. 

She will re- 
solve, too, never 
again to check 
his thirst for 
knowledge, but 
to encourage 
him rather to 
ask questions 
and seek infor- 
mation, from 
herself or any 
other good 
source. 

She will then 
regard his in- 
quisitiveness, 
which before 
annoyed her, as 
one of the most 
.admirable traits 
in his noble 
nature, a trait 
which bespeaks 
future wisdom 
and greatness. 

In her fancy, 
as she thinks of 
this, she sees 
her boy grown 
to m.inlidod, his 
iiiinu developed 
and his wisdom 
increased until 
he is honored and celebrated for it among liis fellow men. 

She sees his iuquisiiive nature leading hiui ever onward in 
the acquirement of all tine knnwltdge, studying into the 
causes of all naiuial plieiKimcna that surround him, as well as 
the results and beaiin;(s of tiic same. 

She sees liim delving ciintitiually into the vast store of 
unexplored knowledge and bringing forth gieat and important 
treasures for the benefit of mankind. 





40 



CTTJ'^En^IILilH] II^TSTIR.TJGT'OlE^. 




She sees his mind in its cravings for knovrledge, soaring 
aloft and seeking it from a higher source, communing with 
llie Aluiighty and calling to his aid the inspiration of the 
Holy Spirit. 

She sees his generous nature, which in boyhood could for- 
give the thoughtless repulse of his mother, developed iu his 
manhood till his constant study is for the welfare and salvation 
of mankind, thus adding to his name honor and glory as 
enduring as eternity. 

While the mother thus pictures a glorious future for her 
boy, the regrets that filled her mind on reviewing her youthful 
days are entirely dispelled, and her girlish pictures of future 
happiness are entirelj" eclipsed by that which the anticipates 
in her blessed boy's development. 

For ihe mother's sake as well as for the hoy's, we hope that 
her brightest dreims of his future may be realized. 

To all inquisitive boys, let us say: It is light that you should 
have a d:sire for knowledge. It is right that you should ask 
i(uestions. Po dot be ashamed of it. If you do not get the 
information you desire at once, ask again, and again, until 
you do get it. Read to learn something, when you do read. 
Be sure you understand what you read, and then make a 
strong effort to remember all that is worth lemembering of it. 
make good u-e of your eyes. Observe thing.s closely. That 
is what your eyes were given to you for. Use your reasoning 
powers too. Be not content with what you can learn from 
man-made books; study the great book of nature. And in 
seeking for knowledge, do not forget to "ask of God, that 
giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not." 



JOTTINOS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



1!Y STRKHEN. 



(CoillillUfJ.) 

CARLSlUirK is counted as being one of the prettiest cities 
in Germany. It is nearly surrounded by woods. The 
streets are kept good and clean, but they run in every 
direction and are of different widths. In fact, it is like most 
of the cities in this respect, they all bcirjg built without any 
regard to uniformity or regularity. 

The ('arl>ruhe Castle, which is the home of the grand duke, 
is a very large, irregular-shaped building, situated on one side 
of the city, while streets lead out or radiate from here similar 
to the spokes of a wheel. 

The most beautiful gardens surround the castle : in the front 
being flowers and shrubs of every variety, and arranged in 
many difTL-rcnt forms, while at the back are trees of various 
kinds, forming a forest several miles in exitnl. 

Within this forest are a number of lakes, on which are to be 
seen swans, ducks and other water fowl. Benches are also 
placed in different parts of the grounds for the accommodation 
of those who dcr-ire to rc>t in the delightful shade. A very 
large and wcU-arranccd building is near, in which all the 
plants which cannot stand the cold of the winter arc ])laccd 
for protection. 

Of course the cost of keeping up these gardens is very 
great, but this is scarcely taken into consideration. 

It is, indeed, a very nrticeable feature, that wherever one 
goes in Germany, beautiful gardens, parks and pleasure 
grounds are to be seen, and these are all maintained at an 
enormous expense. 



In Carlsruhe are a great number of fine buildings, both 
public and private, and more are constantly in the course of 
erection. It is, indeed, surmisable, that this city will yet be- 
come one of the largest in Germany, as its location is such as 
is very agreeable to all classes, and especially to those who 
have means to spend in the formation and beautifying of a 
home. 

After leaving L'arlesruhc I rode for several hours on the cars 
through the green and well-cultivated fields of Germany. At 
this time of which I write, nature was clothed in beauty. 
The green farms extended on every side as far as the eye could 
reach, and everything gave promise to the husbandman of an 
excellent harvest. 

After some little time the car door was opened, and the con- 
ductor called out: ''Basel; all change cars!" and here, for the 
first time, I entered the Swiss railroad cars. 

These cars are built very much after the style of the Ameri- 
can cars, but are not so comfortable. They arc divided into 
first, second and third class, for the accommodation of the 
high, middle and common classes of people. In Germany, a 
person enters the car at the side, instead of at the end as in 
America, but they are also divided for the differeLt classes of 
people. 

The train soon moved out of Basel, and before %'ery long in 
looking out of the ear window, I saw that we were among the 
hills of Sv.'ilzorland. A person who enjoys beautiful scenery 
will not become weary during the time it ta'ies to go from 
Basel to Bern. Although the ride is of several hours' dura- 
tion, still the sights to be seen are so numerous, and they 
follow each other so rapidly, that the mind vS constantly occu- 
pied and the attention cannot be withdrawn. 

The train wound around the hills, now and then passing 
through a tunnel or over a stream, and from the car window one 
can see, hero and there, an ancient-looking castle, surrounded 
on three sides by nature's bulwarks. 

Swiss huts are scattered all over the beautiful hilN, and to 
the most of them there is nothing more than a footpath leads, 
and the peojilo must carry their things to these mountain 
homes on their backs from the valley below. 

I also saw hou'.es without chimneys, and the eaves cxtsml- 
ing nearly to the ground, which appeared very curious to my 
eyes. What astoni.shed me more than anything else, howeveri 
was to see the house and stable joining each other; in fact, it 
seemed as though the Swi^s people and their stock live as otic 
family. 

Towards evening I arrived in the capital of S vitzorland, 
and was met at the station by the President and tvpo Elders, 
who accompanied me to the office in one of the back streets 
of Bern, where I met three more Elders from Utah, and 
received a warm welcome, and we had a general time of rejoic- 
ing together. 

Bern, including its suburbs, contains some 30,000 inhabi- 
tants. It is built upon a peninsula of sandstone rock fornied 
by the windings of the lliver Aare, which is 100 feet helo.v the 
city. Bern was formerly built upon an island, but during the 
march of time the course of the river has been changed, so 
that instead of being on an island now it is on a peninsula. 

Borthold Y. von Zaehringen, it is said, was the founder of 
the city. In the IJth century, as the / ichringens had con- 
siderable power in Switzerland, many of the noblemen of the 
country became dissatistieil with the sway of Bcrthold V. and 
revolted. 

About the same time he was beset by some ncvghboring 
rulers, and was so hard pressed by the two i)arlics that he was 








j"TJ"VE]:]Nrii_,iii iisrsTi^TJOTOi^, 



41 




compelled to retreat from the position he had gained. In his 
flight he came to the small fort called Bern, and because of 
its excellent location and the facilities it afforded for fortifica- 
tion, he decided to remain, and therefore, applied all his 
energies to make his new position an invincible one. . 

He had a wall built around the city, and prepared in man}' 
ways to defend himself against any attack of his enemies. 
His selection for a fortress proved to be a good one, for all the 
endeavors of his opposers to drive him from his position were 
fruitless; andonly when Berthold died without leaving any 
child, did Bern pass into the hands of those who were un- 
friendly to his cause. 

What attracted my attention and also seemed very curious, 
was, that in the old part of the town, nearly all of the houses 
are built over arcades, through which runs the walk for the 
foot passengers. Tn some parts of the town these arcades are 
so very low that a person of moderate hight must stoop to 
pass under them. 

This arrangement of the houses is very acceptable at times 
when it is stormy, because a person can go from one end of 
the city to the other and be continually under shelter, except 
where the streets have to be crossed. However, during the 
summer months, in my opinion, it would be better to have the 
open streets, because under these laiibcn, as they are called, 
there is generally a disagreeable smell, which doubtless tends 
to sickness among the inhabitants. Under the lauheii are the 
stores and shops of various kinds, while above are the dwell- 
ings of the people. 

(To he Continued.) 



; » ' I ^>- ■ ♦«>■ 



TO THE SISTERS. 



BY nilODA HEINRICn. 




IN the busy bustle of the domestic cares that devolve upon 
woman, she sometimes seems to depreciate and almost for- 
get the great and important mission the Lord has bestowed 
upon her — that of training and educating the young mind. 

It is trae that the greater part of the theoretic education is 
performed by men, but it is also true that the knowledge 
obtained by the continuous effort to treasure up facts and 
data, is not in itself sufficient to make men and women what 
they ought to be, benefactors of mankind. But (he training 
of the heart, the eultivi.uion of love, benevolence and virtue in 
the infant child, is a work of much more benefit to the in- 
dividual, as well as to mankind generally. 

We may confidently say that a great portion of the 
success of the Sunday school work in this Territory is due to 
the zealous interest evinced by the sisters who are connected 
with that institution. Tlio soothing and tender voice of a 
woman is much more apt to lead the good child on, and the 
erring youth back to the path of righteousness and truth, 
than a puni.shment, however just, executed by a member of 
the opposite sex. 

How very often are our minds drawn back to the lime when, 
after a quarrel with our brother or sister over a little non- 
sensical thing, the feelings of wrath and revenge were kindled 
in our bosoms, so that we pas.sed resolutions in our own hearts 
never to be friendly, no, not even speak to the unfortunate 
member of the family whom we supposed had wronged us. 
But after our mother or elder sister witli her tender voice and 
her ftill more tender feelings reflecting like sunbeams on her 
countenance, had shown us the folly of nursing the feelings of 



wrath towards our own kindred, we were not only willing to 
ask the forgiveness of our brother or si^ter with whom we had 
disagreed, but we more than ever loved that mother or that 
sister who were possessed of so much love, and manifested so 
much interest in our mutual welfare. 

In almost every instance the dispositions of men and women 
can be traced back to the first efforts of their mother to 
encourage every good, and deprecate with kind firmness every 
evil desire that might enter the young heart, however faintly 
either of these feelings were disclosed. 

We recollect well the hapjjy hours we spent in our early 
youth, when every night before going to bed 'Our mother 
entered the bedroom, and where, after having told her our 
little adventures or troubles, and having received her kind 
advice or admonition we knelt down, and with our head in her 
lap said our evening prayer, and how she then with a smile 
and a loving good night kiss sealed the sleep of peace on our 
faces. 

It is right in the family circle where the mission of women 
commences, and from there it extends over a vast field of 
labor. The sufferer on his death bed is relieved by- the sacri- 
ficing aid of woman; the distressed is comforted by the 
sympathizing words uttered by her tender voice ; the poor 
reveal to her with more confidence the particular hardships 
of their poverty, which enables generosity to help at proper 
time and in proper place; and indeed in nearly every condition 
and under nearly all circumstances the services of woman is 
needed and demanded. 

Then, sisters, come to the front, and try to carry out the 
work the Lord has assigned to you. Po not wait to be called 
out, but volunteer your services. Although it has not been 
the will of the Almighty that the holy priesthood should be 
directly bestowed upon your beads. He has chosen you to act 
as teaclier for the purpose of infusing into the minds of the 
children of Zion the correct principles of the gospel of Jesus, 
which is a mission of efpial importance with that of promul- 
gating the truth of heaven to the nations of the earth. 



Politeness i.v Children. — There is perhaps no grace so 
becoming in youthful humanity as true politeness. It is so 
beautiful that we look upon it with the same sort of delight 
that characteiizjs our contemplation of the sublime. Youth 
is the best season in which to learn politeness, for there is 
scarcely anything in social life so difficult to assume. If care 
be taken in the education of children they grow into a natural 
exercise of this function, for it is a function more than an art. 
Artistic polltODess is what it becomes when learned in later 
life, when it becomes more the assumption of a part than the 
beautiful outgrowth of a proper state of natural feeling. 

True politeness should be taught, and in such a manner, 
too, as to inculcate principles that should have their outward 
exhibition in a courteous demeanor. Jluoh of our success in 
life, whatever our scholastic attainments, depends upon how 
we impress people. 

There are men to-d.iy, whose minds are ripe in scholarly 
ability, whose every action, word, or tone, even, repels, and 
they fail. They cannot see why, but the secret reason is that 
they are impolite — discourteous. Their methods of address 
arc uncultivated and their usefulness in a measure destroyed, 
all of which might hive b.^^'n avoided in youth. — Jlnivh-ci/c. 
-<>*^. -o — »■ » 

DltTTNKENNKSs places man as much below the level of the 
brutes as reason elevates him above them. 







J"U"VE!nsriIljE IJNTSTI^TJOTOK.. 





GEORG 


E Q. 


CANNON 




"KTiTTOTt 








SALT 


LAKE CITY, 


FEBKUARY 


15, ISSl. 



EIDITOK^ZJ^Zj THOXJCB-HITS- 





OULl) wc be lieard b\- all the children of 
the Latter-day Saints, there is one piece 
of advice which we would endeavor to 
imiiress upon them, and that is, to take 
every pains to obtain education. The 
value of a good education is beyond price. 
This is especially so with the Latter-day 
Saints. We have to meet the world ; we 
have to show it that the Lord has given 
us a system of government, of religion, and of 
morals superior to any other. The world is 
educated. The people pride themselves upon 
their knowledge gained through education. 
They desin^ed the Elders in former days because 
they were unlearned ; but those Elders had the 
power and blessings of God to attend them. They 
met the learned and the educated, and gained 
victories over them. They also reached the honest, 
and. under the blessing of the Lord, convinced them of the 
truth and brought them into the Church. 

The Lord is still with His p]lcer?. He still helps them 
whether they are educateil or not. But times have changed. 
We are now in circumstances where wo can giin education. 
All the boys and girls in our land can now get a good education 
if they will strive for it. There is no excuse for ignorance. The 
Elders who now go forth are generally young men who have 
been brought up in the in.)untains. They have had the [irivi- 
lege of going to good schools All that is necessary now to get 
learning is industry and applicition. There is scarcely any 
excuse for not being able to read, write and spell well, and to 
speak and write grammalicaily. 

The Church is growinff and (preading. It is gaiiin^ influ- 
ence. Our Elders can now reach people of a diflfcrent class to 
those to whom they preached in the beginning. This will be 
more and more the ca.se every year. We shall be able before 
long to get access with our doctrines to the leading people and 
the ruling classes in every land. To accomplish the Lord's 
purposes in this direction the Elders should be educated. 
They sho\ild know all ihit the world knows, and in adilition, 
have the wisdom and knowledge which (!i)d bestows upon His 
true servants. We hope to see tin <hiy before long when 
oursrhools will be the best aud most thorough in the world, in 
wliich every useful branch will be taualr., and to which every 
cliild, however poor, can go as a sch'ilar. 

We would not bo pUassl to (-ee our children divided into 
classes: one class going to fine ,'chools and getting a thorough 
education, and another class denied this privilege. Some of 
the poorest children make the best scholars. Some of the 
poorest children grow up and beome the most u.-eful, 
energetic and capable Elders. The Lord gives his gifts to all 
clas.-cs. He docs not bestow all His talents upon any one 
class. Parents maybe rich; they may bo talented; they may 
h lid high positiiin-; but it does not always follow that their 
children will have all these advantages. The children of poor 



parents, of obscure parents, of parents who have no particular 
credit for talent, may, by faithfulness, by industry and by all 
those qualities which, when cultivated, make men famous, 
come forward into the front rank. Wo see these changes 
constantly going on in the world, especially in this republic. 
There is no class in this nation which is born to rule. Men 
from the lowest walks of life may become rulers. This is so 
to a great extent in our Church. There is no aristocracy in it. 
One man is as good as another; one woman is as good as 
another; one child is as good as another, if they all do good 
alike. If one is better than another it is because he does bet- 
ter; not because he is better born, or because he is richer, or 
because of any advantages of this kind which ho may have. 
In this Church all arc equal before the Lord. We have no 
privileced classes. The men who hold positions of influence 
to-day »re there because the Lord has chosen them, and this 
because of their faith and good works. If their faith should 
fail and th'^ir good works cease, they would not long hold such 
positions. Their children can do as they did, if they choose; 
but if they obtain positions of honor and responsibility it will 
be because, through their faith and good works, they prove 
worthy of them, and not because their fatheis held them. 
The Lord has civen promises to His faithful servants concern- 
ing their children. But those children who fail to do right 
and to live worthy of these promises, cannot obt;iin the bless- 
ings. God rewards men according to their works. 

By giving good education to all, the difference between 
classes is broken down. The .'ons and daughters of poor 
parents become the equals of the children of rich parents. 
On this account, every effort thould be made among Latter- 
day Saints to place education within the reach of all. Some 
will avail themselves of such advantages; others may not. 
Those who do not can blame no one but themselves, and they 
will be the losers. The love of learning should be cultivated 
among us. Our juveniles should be taught to love it. When 
they love it they will constantly seek for it. Such children, 
even if they do not go to school as much as they should, 
obtain a good education by their own exertions. 

AVe say to the juveniles, seek for education. Learn to be 
good writers. Learn to read properly. Learn to spell cor- 
rectly. Learn to put to use the rules of grammar. Learn 
every useful branch. Read the best books. Do not spend 
your time in reading novels or any works of fiction. Learn 
good manners. I'ractice good manners at home; speak 
politely and correctly at home. Then, when you go abroad 
into society, you feel at ease, because you are natural. You 
do there what you do everywhere — speak and act as a gentle- 
man or a lady should. A Latter-day Saint, who lives 
according to the rules of his or her religion, is thereby made 
a gentleman or lady. Such persons cannot be anything else. 
They are kind ; they arc obliging ; thry respect the feelings of 
others; they are modest and chaste; they are peacoi'ul; they 
are loving; they are willing to suffer wrong rather than do 
wronc; they seek to do good to all. These arc the qualities 
which make men and women gentlemen and ladies. I'er.sons 
who are rude, quarrelsome, badtcmpcrcd, immodest, vulgar, 
who care nothing lor tlie feelings of olh'?rs, may wear fine 
clothes and have plenty of money, and c;ill themselves gentle- 
men or ladie.i ; but they are not. They arc low, mean people. 
Gold and diamonds and fine clothes and learning do not, of 
themselves alone, make men who have them gentlemen, or 
women who hive them ladies. Wc have seen many persons 
who had all the.-e, and yet were very common, vulgar 
people. 





crTJ"v^E!isri3i.E in^sTi^TJca?OK;. 



4=3 




MY VISIT TO CHIPPEWA HILL. 



BY W. 11. S. 




WHILE ti-avcliii,s- as a missionary tbrouirh i)art of Bruce 
Co., Ontario, Caiuula, I was informed that close to the 
town of Southampton, where the Sauireen Kivor empties into 
Lake Huron, exists a settlement of Ohippewa Indians. 

Being a friend to the Indian race, I determined, if po.ssiblc, 
to pay them a visit and learn of their' welfare. Being supplied 
with means ($1.00) by a boyhood friend I accidently met at 
Kincardine, I purcba.sed a ticket from there to Southamplon, 
and, boarding llie steamer Asiu, a run of thirty-five miles 
brought me to my destination. On this tri]), as the lake was 
rough, I beheld for the first time the eflect of sea sickness. 
Fortunately I'or myself, I had not even a symptom of the 
dreaded ailment. 

The i)ort of Soutliamplon is noted as being a liarbor of 
refuge; in its improvement the Canadian government has spent 
considerable money. 



We have seen people in the world who were desirous to 
leave their children money enough to make them rich; but 
money is not so useful to a child as sound learning. The 
money can be spent, it can be stolen, a fire or other accident 
may deprive a person of it; but not so with education. 
When gained, it becomes a part of the boy or girl who has it. 
It is in a bank where a robber cannot steal it. And how use- 
ful it is! It gives constant pleasure to the one who has it, 
and it can be made a means of pleasure to all around. 

Now, juveniles, take our advice: strive to get a good, sound 
education. Work hard and persevere to get it. We need 
boys and girls of this kind. We need men and women of this 
kind. We need more of them every day. Not to be idle and 
live easy: not to imagine because they have an education in 
books, they must not soil their hands at coarse work. A per- i 
son who has this idea may be a good scholar in books ; but he 
or she is badly educated. Sound education will never make a 
person lazy and above work ; it will show thera its true value. 
We have noticed, in our life, that the best educated people 
are the hardest workers. If by sending our children to school 
to get a good education, they get the idea that hard work is 
degrading, and become lazy and seek for soft, easy places, who 
will make the farms, plant the orchards and the gardens, build 
the houses and the fences, the lialls, the tabernacles and the 
temples, or carry on our different branches of mechanism and 
manufactures? Better be without .schools than to have all our 
juveniles turned into indolent, worthless drones. But an edu- 
cation which gives sucli ideas to children is false and bad. It 
is the wrong Ivind, and should bo banished from our schools. 
Labor is elevating and ennobling. The Lsrd sets us the 
example; for did He not organize the world? He worked six 
days and rested the seventh. He knows how work should be 
done: for He made coats of skins for Adam and Eve, and 
clothed them with them. He taught Noah, and Jared and his 
brother, and Nephi how to build vessels, taught them the art 
of navigation; and, in fact, has taught all the inhabitants of 
the earth all they knov,- about work. We should dignify labor, 
therefore, among us and make it honorable. Our juveniles 
should be taught, eveiy one of them, both boys and girls, how 
to make a living for themselves, and not to be afraid of honest 
toil. In this condition of existence it is a blessing to people 
to have to work and to be able to do it. 



After landing, satchel in hand, and without a cent in my 
pockets, I started for town, which was about a mile distant. 

In this town I expected to find a Mr. John Byers, a harness 
maker, who, when I was a child, worked at his trade for my 
father in Perth Co. 

Feeling that I was a stranger in my native land, on account 
of my religion and lack of funds, and not knowing how Mr. 
Byers would receive me, when I came to a small cedar thicket 
I entered it, and, kneeling down, I besought my Heavenly 
Father to bless me, to soften the heart of Mr. Byers towards 
me so that he would administer to my wants; to lead me to 
honest-hearted people, if the town contained au}', and to 
enable me to visit the Indians and be the means of comibrting 
them. 

After this short prayer I arose, and with a light he.irt and 
an easy step I journeyed towards town. Meeting a man, I 
enquired for Mr. John Byers, and was directed to his harness 
shoi). Entering it, I beheld, as in years gone by, Mr. Bj'ers 
engaged in making Scotch collars, for which he is famed. 

In a short conversation we renewed old acquaintance, when 
he invited me to his home, where I was kindly entertained by 
him and his daughter during my stay of four days. 

In conversing with Mr. B3-ers I found him in sympathy with, 
and a friend to the Indians. The second day after my arrival 
he directed me to their village on Chippewa Hill, some three 
miles from Soutliampton, on the opposite side of Saugeen 
River. 

By the kindness of a little boy coming down the river in an 
ash canoe, on his way to Southampton with raspberries, I was 
landed on the opposite shore, and, taking a plain trail over a 
piece of ground partly cleared of timber, in a short time I 
arrived in the Indian village. This village was built in a kind 
of a "string town," v.'ith log houses, some of which were 
weather boarded, on town lots, generally poorly fenced. 

This village contained quite a neat meeting house, a school 
house and po.st office. The parson and school teacher was a 
white man, and was paid for preaching out of the interest on 
money obtained through a sale of part of the Indians' land, 
and invested by government fur their benefit. 

The town generally, presented rather a seedy, dilapidated 
appearance. 

In answer to my knock at the front door of a house, a large- 
sized Indian made his appearance. 

I enquired for the residence of chief Henry Madwayosh. 
I was asked the nature of my business with the chief, and 
I replied "I am a friend to your people, ac(iuainted with some 
of the western tribes, and desire to make a friendly call and 
learn of your welfare. 

I was informed that the ])erson addressing me was Moses 
Madwayosh, brother to the chief, that he acted as liis secre- 
tary, and if I would come in and be seated while he finished a 
letter he was writing, he would take me over and introduce 
me to his brother, to which 1 readily assented. 

Oil entering the hoiue, 1 was requested to take a scat on a 
lounge. Noticing a bill printed in our usual Itoman letters, 
tliat I could make no sense of, I enquired its nu';Miing, and 
was told that the bill was in the Chippewa lang\iage. and that 
at Sault St. ^Liric, tlicy had a paper published in their own 
language. 

In a short time Mo.^cs was at my service, and conducted me 
to the cliief 's residence, and I was pleased with its appearance 
and suri-oundings. The house was built of logs, weather 
boarded. A nice wide |)atli led up to the front door, on either 
^ide of wiiicli were beaulil'ul flowers, chiefiy annnals, and clii 





44z 



J'TJ'VEin^IIliEl in^STI^TJOTOI^. 




AV 



ing up and above the windows were flowers in full bloom. Sur- 
rounding the house was a garden well filled with Indian corn and 
thrifty growing vegetables. A little paint would have added 
to the beauty of the house, but in neatness, in-doors and out, 
it was a model that many white neighbors might well have 
imitated. 

(Jn being introduced, the chief seemed to be quite friendly, 
on account of his aeriuaintance with my cousin Jacob, with 
whom lie had done considerable satisfactory trading. 

In conversation, ciiiefly conducted by Moses, I learned that 
through the sale of some of their lands they had jniid for 
building their houses, and the balance of their money, in- 
vested by government, brought.them, after paying for parson's 
services, SO.OO per head. This, with their former annuities of 
$10.00 per head, made them $10.00 apiece, which, with a suit 
of clothes to each per year, and their opiiortunies for farmii:g, 
fisliing and jieeling and selling hemlock bark, and. in favoralile 
seasons, selling wild raspberries, enabled them to live in toler- 
able comfort. 
Tliey number 340 souls. 

Wlien they first commenced living in houses the mortality 
among the men was very great. Owing to carelessness in 
camping out while engaged in hunting, consumjition found 
many victims among their numbers. They have since learned 
wisdom through their losses and sufi'cring, and are now 
generally healthy and blessed with plenty of children. 

Moses regretted the loss of a copy of the Toronto Globe, ' 
containing a manifesto from Sitting Bull to all sensible citizens 
of the United States. 

I had clipped out the article, and, producing it, I was 
requested to read it. It is a very plain statement of how the 
U. S. government has broken taith with the Siou.x. It 
afforded me i)leasure to talk with them on this article and the 
general condition of the Indian race. I asked if they fc't 
secure in the iiossei^sion of their land, to which Closes replied: 
"L ntil the whites want it and drive us away.'' 
I asked if at any time in the past their peoplekept a written 
lii.story, and I was answered that the .young people of their 
tribe knew notliing of this, but some of their old men have a 
tradition that many generations ago their Others wrote their 
history in a book. 

I a,--kcd I hem if they knew anything of their origin. Moses 
replied, ".Mythology tries to account for it, but not to our 
satisfactioD." 

I then produced tlie Book of Mormon, telling them it con- 
tained the history of their forefitliers fur I,iKlO years, that it 
h.id been di.scuvercd by Jo.-;eidi Smith, written on plates uf 
gold, and was translated by him through the power of God. 
I told tlicm it contained a record of the personal visit and 
ministry of our Savior after His resurrection, with many 
prophecies relating to their people, yet to be fulfilled, ami 
.showed, in fact, llieir origin, much of their history, and the 
great destiny assigned them by a never-failing God. 

Moses, after glancing through the book, desired to jirocure 
it, saying: "I think I could read it with interest." 

I t(dd him I would mail liini a copy as .soon as I could obtain 
another. The chief did very little talking during my vi.sit, 
but ^eenled like a good jjcaceable Jiel-son. 

After concluding my visit, Moses )iro|)()sed to accompany me 
to So\ithampton. and proved hini.'-elf inlclligcnt and very 
pentloniaidy in his conduct and conversation. He excused the 
condition of things at his lion.'^c. stating, "My wife has been 
away on a visit to Sarnia for a few weeks, and I am a poor 
hand to keep batch hall." 

o 



Keferring to a meeting of delegates from the various Indian 
triiies of Canada held at Sault St, Marie, just previous to my 
visit, he said they named quite a number of children, the 
ceremony consisting of some favorite delegate presenting the 
child in liis arms with a name io the assembled people. 

At this meeting among other subjects discussed was the 
advisibility of intermarriages between the Indians and whites. 
No conclusion was arrived at. Some favored and some 
opposed doing so. Moses was much opposed to it. 

Arriving at the landing, we found about twenty or twenty- 
five squaws and young boys and girls awaiting to be rowed 
to the other shore. They had raspberries which they were 
going to sell at Southampton. We were rowed with them 
over to Southampton, where I bid my genial friend good by. 

In passing on to Jlr. Byers' I was led to reflect what a 
pleasant time I had sjient in my visit to Chippewa Hill, and 
how satisfactory it was to find another proof in favor of the 
Book of Mormon. 

Before leaving Canada I mailed Moses a copy of the Book 
of Jlormon, and after ni.v return home I received a neatly 
written letter, acknowledging the receipt of the same. 

I trust that its reading will prove interesting to them, and 
]iroduce in their hearts that comfort which they can derive 
from no otlier work. 

While in Southampton I met several acquaintances formed 
before 1801, also a Mr. Parker, a Gentile, who lived in Ogden 
during reformation times, and who, although he did not believe 
in "Jlormonism," had no bad stories to tell about the way he 
was treated by our people. 

Before leaving Southampton 3Ir. B.vers presented me with 
$1.00 to aid uie in reaching Goderich. 

Thus mj' iirayers were heard and answered. !My wants liad 
been administered to, I had ])ierced a few honest hearts with 
the arrows of truth, I had become acquainted with the 
Indians, and no doubt am yet esteemed as a friend by them. 
Anil I hojie the gospel seed sown there may grow and jirodnco 
fruit to the comfort of my friends and the glory and honor of 
God. 



ttttrs 3from %\)t Iboiis. 



c:'' 



^i^ 



SrKiNovii.LK City, Ttaii, 

February r,, 1881. 

.If/'A'. Uani^ah T, Khi(). 

Dkar Sister: — It is with much gratitude that I 
write you this, I love to write, although I do it with iny left 
hand. My right side, being stricken with paralysis in my 
infancy, is rendered useless. 

I urn fourteen years of age. I do 'not travel much, and there 
i* Mot much scenery around our vilhige to attract any one. I 
fi'cl very thunkful to you for the kind advice given mo in No. 2 
of the Instiu.'ctou. 

I attend both Siibhalh :uu\ day scliool, and take a great interest 
in them. I would not give up the Sabbath school for anything. 
I also love to read the Church work:?, and all history purtaining 
thoreunto. 

I take much iilensuro in rnading the c-orrcspondcnco, and try to 
keep it up .'is wi-ll as I can. 1 know there is a great deal to bo 
Icnrnod in reading the Instructor. 

A city, or oven a house, cannot be built in a day. fc'o it is with 
the youthful mind; everything takes tinio. So if wo would 
become men and women of li'iirning we must persevere. 

I feel worthy of bearing the title of your friend and brother, 

A. W. Kkynolus 





cr TJ^ii]3sr I Hi E iisrsTis.TJOTOi^. 



45 ^S 



BUKKERVILLE, LiKCOLN CoUNTY, NeVAI.A, 

January 30, 1881. 
Mrs. HannaJi T. King, 

Dear Sister :— You requested me to ask you a 
question. I have tlioiight much, but until to-day no question 
presented itself. 

A parent, while relating an incident, was corrected by his own 
son, a boy of twelve summers. The parent gentlj' reproved 
him for his conduct, and the little fellow felt very bad fur vexing 
his father. But upon investigation it was proved that the parent 
was wrong. The little fellow knew it, and wanted the truth to be 
known, not thinking of tlie wrong he was doing his father. 

I thought at once that of the two evils the child chose the 
less. I concluded I would ask your opinion upon it. Perhaps 
the next time I write I will a'k a question upon a diflerent sub- 
ject, but will try to have it interesting and useful. 
I anxiously await your answer. 

Yours verj' respectfully, 

Myrox a. Abbott. 



• HoLDEN, Millard Co., 

February 8, 1881. 
Mrs. Ilaiiiiah T. King. 

Dear Sister : — As I am one of the boj-s, I thought 
I would pen you a few lines, but as this is ray first attempt I 
hope you will excuse all blunders. 

I am only eleven years old. I am going to school all the time. 
I love to read the Instructuk, and especially your "Letters to 
the Boys.'' 

I want to learn to live so as to keep all the commandments of 
God, and be useful in His kingdom. I hope you will continue 
your letters. 

I subscribe myself your brother in the gospel, 

Kansford H. Teeples. 



St. Charles, Bear Lake Coukty, 

February 1, 1881. 
Mrs. Hannah T. King. 

Dear Sister;— I have read your letter and the 
letters of the boys, and I thought I would write a few lines. 
This is the first time I have written to you. 

One of the boj-s said that his mother died about three years 
ago. My mother died three years ago. J[y father is the super- 
intendent of the Sunda.v school, and I attend tlie Sunday school 
and Primary Association as regularly as I can. I also attend the 
Mutual Improvement Association. 

I never saw my father take a glass of beer or a cup of coffee 
in my life, and ho teaches me not to use them. You have 
given the boys somo good advice. 
I will try and write to you again. 

Your friend, 

Orson P. Allred. 




Fairview, Sani'ete Co, Utah. 

February C, 1881. 
Jilrs. Hannah T King 

Dear Sister: — I make my fir^t attempt to write 
a few lines to the Juvenile Instructor. 

You wanted to know which books we liked to read best. 
I like to read the Book of Mormon and the Instructor. I 
have just, been reading your letters to the boys, and liked ihem 
very mucli, and thought I would write a few lines to helji keep 
up the correspondence. 

I attend the Primary Association and Sunday school, and 
receive many good instructions, which I will profit by in days to 
come. 

I hope you will continue to write to us, as I love to read 
your letters; therefore, 1 anxiously await the next issue of the 
Instructor. 

I rciuain your brnlher in the gos]>cl, 

Justin Wilson. 



LETTER TO THE BOYS. 



Salt L.\ke City, 

February 12tli, 1S80. 
A. "W. Ketnolds.— Daar brother, I read your 
letter with pleasure. Your hand writing is excellent, and 
when you inform me you write with your left hand in conse- 
quence of paralysis in your infancy, which has affected all 
your right side, my sympathy is drawn out to you most 
assuredly. 

You say you are fourteen, and do not travel much. 

No, the time is not come yet; but you are on the road to 
make a good Elder in the Church of Jesus Christ, and I feel 
thit you will travel much and will go to the nations of the earth, 
and be one of the "horns of Ephraim" to push the people 
together. 

There, now, go and do your best to prove me a true prophet. 

I admire the sentiments you express in regard to attending 
Sabbath school, and your remarks in general are very good. 

I would advise you to read all the good books you come in 
contact with. Never spend your precious time in reading 
trashy books of any sort. Cultivate your taste by reading 
that which will elevate, refine and strengthen your mind, and 
then you will naturally rrject all that is not edifying. Culti- 
vate good language in speaking and writing, for that is ever 
engaging. 

Cultivate your voice as a sjieaker; learn to speak from the 
■ chest, and not from the throat and tiirough the nose. A nasal 
voice is very disagreeable, especially to cultivated ears, and is 
most offensive in a public speaker. 

It is a good plan to go into a room by yourself, having the 
chairs and tables only for your audience, and then recite 
vocally some bold piece, such as "The Charge of the Light 
Brigade." Such would give pliability to your bronchial 
organs, expand your lungs, and accustom your ear to the 
sound of your own voice, which, let me assure you, is a great 
achievement. 

You see I want you to be a speaker. As your body is weak 
you must especiall.y cultivate your mental faculties. 

Perhaps I have said enough for the present; if you carry 
out even these few suggestions you will have ability to do 
much good. I take it for granted that you are going to be a 
prominent Elder in Israel, in standing up to teach the gospel 
in its fullness to the nations of the earth, or to your brethren 
and sisters in Zion. 

Never forget daily, hourly, if necessary, to a.sk assii-tance 
and the enlightening influence of the Spirit of God. If you 
possess that you will accomplish much, but without it, very 
little. 

Please remember me in your prayers that the Lord will take 
charge of my heart and brain, that, as an instrument in His 
hand I may accomplish muL'h g )od, which is the sole desire oF 
my heart. 

Myron A. Aniiorr. — In your letter of January Mist, you 
tell me of a boy who corrected his father who was relating 
some incident, and the father "gently rei)iovcd him for his 
conduct," etc. 

You give your opinion upon the matter, and (hen ask me 
for mine. I have nothing to say in such a case, but leave the 
boy in the hands of his lather, who, I have no fear will prove 
an unjust judge. 

It would bo unwi.se and most ollicious in me to give an 
ojiinion on such a matter. 



%: 



Lrr 




46 



CTTJ'VEin^ILE i:]^ST^E^TJGTOZ^. 




Ransford H. Teeples. — I received your note, the spirit 
of which is good ; it calls for only a few words from me in 
answer, simply this: 

Continue to be good and dutiful and obedient to your 
teachers. Be always truthful ; even if it should be against 
yourself, in the long run it will be for your good. Be humble; 
the more we learn the more we see how little we know, because 
there is so much to be learned. 

Ever remember your prayers, night and morning, at least. 

'"Kemember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth." 



Orson P. Allred. — Your letter is good, and I think you 
are in a fair way to njake a useful, good man. Continue in 
well-doing. 

It seems your father is a good and wise man ; be obedient to 
his counsel, and imitate him in his sobriety. 

I write to do you good, I have no other motive. 



Ju.STiN Wilson. — I received your note. It does not call for 
much of an an.swer; but I am glad you like reading the Book 
of Mormon and the Instructor, and also my letters, and that 
you attend the Primary Association and Sunday school. 

You say you will profit by it in daj's to come; but the 
present time is the very moment for you to profit by what is 
taught you. 

As ever your friend, 

H.\NN.\ii T. Kino. 



3 i g r it p Ij n . 



CTOSSFH: SILvdZITH 



THE 




( CniitinucJ.) 

WHEX Jesus, our Savior, was on the earth He said to His 
di.'ciples: "If ye were of llio world, the world would 
love his own ; but because ye are not of the world, but I have 
chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hatcth you." 
These words are as true and as applicable to His Saints to-day 
as they were when He spoke thorn. The world halcth tiie truth 
and the servants of God. It always did; it always will, until 
the time shall come that Satan will have no more power over 
the hearts of the children of men. The world lovelh its own. 
Men who are on the verge of aposta>:y seek for the love of iho 
world; it is a sure sign of apostasy when they do so. It.«how3 
that they are ready to sell out their interest in the kingdom 
of (lod for the peri>hable things of earth. This was the posi- 
tion of RigJon and his as.ssociatcs ; they wislicd to make terms 
with the worM to gain its favor, to be well-received by it. The 
wicked looked at hi.s movements with pleasure. They 
applauded all his attempts ti destroy the Church. Apostates 
wlio, while he was in fellowship with Josrph and the Twelve 
Apostles, despised and riiliculed liiin and culled liini hard names, 
now were favorable and friendly to him. He in turn ujani- 
fested the same feeling to them. He sought their society 
and they .sought his, and they appeared to be mutually 
pleased with one another. .While the wicked had hopes that 
he would injure the work of God, and weaken or destroy the 
influence ofthc servants of God, they manifested much interest 
in his movements, not bccau-ic they had any real liking or 
respect for him and his comiianions, for they had not ; but 



because they hoped he would be successful in his base designs. 
When, however, they saw that he had no success in his sehenies, 
and that the work of God prospered, notwithstanding al' his 
efforts and opposition, they ceased to pay any attention to him, 
and his movements no longer possessed (he least interest for 
them. They did not persecute him, for he was a traitor; neither 
did ihey notice him. But President Young, the Twelve 
Apostles and the Saints associated with them, the wicked both 
feared and hated. They were never lost sight of. All the 
persecution that they had experienced during Joseph's lifetime 
was still continued unto them now that he was dead. They 
still had reason to know that they were chosen out of the world, 
for the world still continued to hate them. What a true sign 
was this, showing which were the servants and Church of Jesus 
Christ I On the one hand Rigdon had the favor and 
friendship of apostates and other wicked persons, and on the 
other hand President Young and his brethren had their 
enmity and bitter hatred. Who with any of the light of the 
Spirit could doubt as to which were of the world and which 
were chosen out of the world ? 

The same sign holds good in these days. Many persons 
have ajiottatized since then. Men who were members of the 
Church hive thought there was no necessity for the Latter-day 
Saints to have the ill-will of the world. So they have denied 
the faith, forsaken the Church, become traitors to the truth 
and to their former brethren, and have gone over to the world. 
Of cour.5e th'sy cannot serve two masters — (rod and mammon — 
they will either hate the one and love the other, or else they 
will hold to the one and despise the other. They have started 
out to court the world and its favor, and have taken mammon 
as the object of their worship. Apostates and traitors have 
hailed them as good fellows ; they have praised what they call 
their independence and have said all they could to encourage 
them, and the world, too, while it cared nothing for them 
personally, has rejoiced at their actions, because it hoped they 
would be successful in arresting the progress of the work of God. 
This has been done, not because men admired them — for all men 
in their hearts despise traitors; even apostates themselves have 
no real confidence in each other — but because the world has 
hoped that they would be the means of breaking down the influ- 
ence of the priesthood and overthrowing the work of God. 
They have been disapjiointcd in their hopes, and these later 
apo.slatcs, like those who have gone before lliem, arc ceasing to 
obtain the notoriety and favor which they coveted, and they 
will soon pass into oblivion. 

Triily the words of the Savior have been again fulfilled: 
"If ye wei-e of the world, the world would love his owu; but 
because ye are not of tlu world, but I have chosen you out of 
the world, therefore the world hateth you." The Saints have 
had none of the love of the world. The latter apostates, like 
former ones say that the Church has gone astr.-iy: but that they, 
themseivcs, are right and acceptable before the Lord. But to- 
wards which does the world show favor? l))esithave any greater 
love for tlie Saints or show them any more fitvor now than it 
did wlicn they were driven into this wilderness? Everybody 
knows that it does not. Do the apostates and the wicked like 
them any better than they did? 1)) they spoak well of them, 
or as!-ociatc with then]? They hate ihcm as much to-day 
as Rigdon and his companions did when they denied the 
faith. If the wicked spoke well of them, if apostates took 
delight in their society, if the world was friendly to them, then 
there would be cau.se to fear that something was not right; 
for tho.se are results that Iiave attended aposta.«y. 
(7b be Continued.) 




r\) 



a"TJ^E]isrj:3i.E i3^sti?.tjotoi?., 



47 



CAUSES OF LONGEVITY. 




T OXG life is somGthing that is naturally desired by all ra- 
-•^ tional beings, and whatever tends to that desirable object 
is worthy of the consideration of all. That the length of a per- 
son's life is greatly dependent on his observance of the laws of 
health, is generally admitted. But what are the laws of health ? 
This is a question about which there is a very great difference 
of opinion in the world. There need be no doubt, how- 
ever, in the minds of the Latter-day Saints upon this point. 
The Lord has pointed out very plainly in the revelations given 
in our day certain simple rules, by observing which we can 
gain for our.solves health and long life, and bequeath to our 
posterity strong and healthy constitutions. 

The Saints very generally are ready to acknowledge the 
correctness of these rules. There is, however, a feeling with 
a great many that a "moderate indulgence" in the things pro- 
hibited by the word of the Lord for our use, will not materially 
shorten their lives or interfere with their health. And rather 
than deny themselves this "moderate indulgence," they are 
willing to take their chances of ill health and early death. 

Such persons certainly do not reflect as they should upon 
the possible consequences of such indulgence in the lives of 
their children. However indifferent they may be in regard to 
their own health and long life, their natural love for their 
children ought to prevent them from jeopardizing theirs. 

Humanity in this age, in some respects is degenerate. The 
special mission of the Saints is to regenerate and save man- 
kind. Is it reasonable to suppose that this regeneration is 
going to be accomplished upon any other than natural prin- 
ciples? Is it consistent to think that such a result is going to 
be attained by indulging, even moderately, in those things 
that have produced the degeneracy ? No ; it will be through 
the strict observance of the laws of health, through gaining 
power by self-denial and the blessing of God to overcome our 
evil propensities, and then transmitting this power to our pos- 
terity. If the Saints do this, their children will be stronger, 
healthier, longer-lived and more capable of resisting evil than 
their parents are. 

This is no new theory. The Spartans proved, long ages ago, 
what might be accomplished in developing the ph.vsieal powers 
and ^jrowess in the course of a few generations; and the 
moral, devotional and intellectual faculties may be developed 
in the same way. But unless we who are now living try to 
improve by conquering our evil propensities and teaching our 
children to go on and improve .still further, what a.ssurance 
have we that the next generation will be any better than this? 
How do wo know but lh3 vicious desires and pernicious tastes 
that we possess and indulge to some slight extent, may be 
developed into ungovernable passions and resistless cravings in 
the lives of our children? 

Parents, think of this when you are tempted to use spiritu- 
ous liquors, tobacco or hot drinks. Think of what you are 
entailing upon your offspring: not niilii n tustcfor f/n-xr t/iings, 
lilt (I spirit of dcjii'iicc to the lairs of (lod and nf hcnlt/i. 

Boys and girls, when you are tempted to indulge in any 
of these things, pause and think of whit you have at stake. 
Remember, if you never use them you will never know the 
want of tJiera. Suppose your parents do indulge in them; 
they arc weak in that respect. You should try to be stronger. 
You should make up your mimls, with God's help, to .see that 
no such weakness is perpetuated in your posterity. Set your 
ficos like flint against such indulgences. Determine in your 
minds to arrest the descent of such tastes in your family. 



And you will have your reward in living longer yourselves 
and seeing your children grow up a superior race of men and 
women. 

As an example of what may be accomplished by taking the 
course we have pointed out, we copy the following from a late 
issue of IFalVs Journal of Health, published under the head- 
ing of "A Remarkable Man:" 

"Many of the leading journals of this country have recently 
printed notices of the remarkable longevity of the oldest living 
lawyer in actual practice, Asgill Gibbs, Esq., of Rochester, 
N. Y. Mr. Gibbs is now in his ninety-fourth year, and for 
seventy years has never been absent from his office for a single 
day on account of illness. He is to-day in the enjoyment of 
prefect health and in possession of all his faculties. 

"The secret of this long exemption from any serious disease 
and of this green old age is an open one. It is simply the 
avoidance in dailj' life of SHch things as all the world knows 
impair the health and strength of mankind and bring on decay. 
Mr. Gibbs has never used tobacco in any form, and, as for 
intoxicating liquors, he is ignorant of their taste. His diet has 
always been ample but simple. Fond of the pleasures of the 
table, he enjoys them in moderation. An active and laborious 
life has been sweetened and prolonged by a rigid enforcement 
of the homely but golden rule, 'Do not fret.' 

"The incalculable benefits of this abstemious and careful life 
have not been confined to the subject of this sketch. His 
children have inherited sound constitutions, and have preserved 
them by the practice of the simple rules of living, the good 
effects of which have always been before their eyes. Tobacco 
and strong drinks are banished as by instinct from their homes, 
and 'health by good living,' not }iir/]i living or last living, is 
a family motto. The result has been that in a family of nine 
— the parents, six sons and one daughter— there was no serious 
illness and no death in forty years, and during seventy years 
tut two deaths. Of the seven survivors not one possesses a 
physical weakness or infirmity." 




How ir WAS Obtained. — The value of good penman.ship, 
and all kinds of similar manual skill, has been proved in the 
experience of many a boy seeking a situation. It pays well to 
take pains during one's school-days in making letters and figures, 
so as to acquire an elegant hand. A New York paper relates 
how a city merchant concluded to give a day's job to a boy who 
wanted a steady place, and was so much pleased with his wil- 
lingness that he told the lad to come the next morning. 

He was there long before any one else was, and in that way 
showed his promptness. During the day, when the foreman 
was out, he marked the weight on some bundles he had been 
weighing. The head of the firm happened to notice the fig- 
ures, and as they were so well made, and in a strange hand, he 
inquired as to who made them. 

When he learned that the new boy had made them, he sent 
for him to come down to the office. When he came into the 
office he was asked to show a specimen of his writing by copy- 
ing an article. His writing was so beautiful (hat he decided 
to hire him for an office clerk. 

So this boy, who was poor, obtained a jicrmanent t-ituatinn 
and a good salary by his willingness to do any work that he 
was given to do; also by taking pains with his figures and 
writing. 



Don't wear a long face and look as if you dieted nu crab 
apples. It i.-i just as easy to look bright, sweet and pleasant 




0^ 



:t/ 



^ 48 



CTTj-^EiiNrinLEi iiststi^tjotoie:/. 




HEAVENLY TREASUKE. 



By Iorwerth. 



Allegretto moderato. 




f Wbv sliould wc strive for eaitli - Iv tliiniis That but our cares increase, That but our cares in- 




mf 



u 



=asz 






sJ; 



/ 



I: 




Tis 

r 



best 



r -o- 



T 



to 

J- I 



:?2i 



:?2:- 






— r-:^- 

for that which brings E 

. . J. J ■ 



wm 



T 



=?2: 



^i^ 



:t=t= 



ter 



._,^ «g_ 



joy and peace. 

! 1 



r 



A yciy tlint lives bej-onfl the grave, 
Where Saints irnniortal dwell ; 

A j'ly that none l)iit God run give. 
And none but Saints can tell. 

The pure in Keart alone >hiill know. 
And tliey alone shall see; 



THE FRUITS OF SIN. 



BV .1. CltVSTAT.. 



I met ft man one stormy day, 
Plodding along with anxious pace; 

The snow lay thickly on liis way, 
The drift flew wildly in his face. 

nis feet were sore, unkempt his hair, 
Pal« was his visage, bent his form; 

His silvered locks and brow of care 
Wore tokens of the jjelting storm. 

I asked him to my home, to share 
My shelter and my ample .store; 

He wiped the snow-wreaths from his hair 
And bent his footsteps to my door. 

I ^ave the weary wanderer food. 
Spoke words of kindness in his ear; 

llis lips unbosomed gratitude, 
Attested by a falling tear. 

Seeing the stranger bald and gray, 

I asked him where his home might be. 

He shook llis head, and thus did .'ay: 
"Xo home! ala», no home for me! 

"I'm left below without h friend, 
My life's a dark ami dreary waste, 

And time and circiinistance but tend 
To burden me with wild unrest. 

"But Tir my youthful. reckle!!.e race. 
And licedlessne.ss of parents dear, 

I might have filled a nobler jdnce 
Than being friendless, homeless here. 



Jo3-s from celestial springs shall flow. 
Throughout eternity. 

And when in the bright world above, 
AVhere joy and peace abide, 

'We'll sing of that redeeming love, 
Of Uiin who for us died. 



"My father's and my mother's heart 
I broke with deeds I'm loath to tell, 

I^esidps, I played a traitor's part 
With one, long gone, who loved me well. 

"I feel an inner, strange control, 
That brings the pist before my view. 

And sadness settles on my foul 
Till oft I know not what to do. 

"O. would that I could now begin 

With life, unsullied as before. 
And guard against the sha'"ts of sin 

That ])iercc me to my bosom's core." 

Next day the stranger strode from me, 
Deprived, through sin, of hope's glad ray ; 

And may his words a lesson be 
For us to choose a better way. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIR.ST AND PIFIEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



GEORCiE d- CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Singh Copy, prr Annum, - _ _ $2.00. 
On Copies Sent bv Mail, Outnide of Salt Lake County 
Ton Cents per Year Adtlitional will be Charged for Postage. 
^»-08ice, South Templo Street, One -and-n-half Blocks Wrtt 
of Tabornaclo, Salt Lake City. 



'Dfi 



