
VOL. XIII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL I, 1878. 



NO. 



MODERN JERUSALEM. 



JERUSALEM is a mountainous city. This we may gather 
W from frequent allusions made by the aneie.it writers; and 
the annexed view wll enable us to judge of its situation some- 
what as it appears today. Its site is a plateau, or table land, 
and formerly it stood upon a much larger area than it does 
now, as we will show by an engraving in the next number 
of the Instructor, which will give an ideal representation of 
the ancient city. 

In the picture of Jerusalem here presented is seen a ravine, 
or valley. We are told that the city is enclosed between two 
large ravines. The one here shown, which is called the Valley 
of Jehoshaphat, or of the Eedron, extends north and south on 
the east side of the city. 
The other, which is called 
the Valley of Hinnom, 
extends a short distmce 
southward on the west 
side of the city and turns 
eastward and joins the 
Valley of Kedron, before 
mentioned. Thus the an- 
cient city was naturally 
fortified by its position; 
for anciently the chief de- 
fences were the natural 
rocks, on which artificial 
fortresses were erected, 
and from which missiles 
were thrown upon the be- 
sieging enemy. As Jeru- 
salem was surrounded by 
steep and rugged escarp- 
ments on three sides, the 
east, the south and the west, only the northern end was left 
to be defended by lines of wall, battlements and towers. 

Of the true position of buildings mentioned in the ancient 
scriptures very little indeed is known. Even the exact place 
where the temple stood is a matter of keen controversy. 
The exact condition of the city when our Savior was upon the 
earth is also undetermined; but explorations now being made 
may, doubtlos will, settle the question of localities and the 
limits of the city in those days. 

Of the ancient splendor of Jerusalem, of its importance as 
a stronghold from the earliest times of the vicissitudes to 



^ — — - 




which it has been subjected in ancient and modern times, 
history gives us much information. But for the true and 
complete history of that glorious city the future will have to 
provide, when everything that is hidden in relation to the 
doings of the Lord with His chosen people will be revealed. 
We have a glimpse of some of these doings, as related in the 
book of Nehemiah; and, in fact, throughout the sacred 
writings. The existence of the Jews as a people, after so long 
a sojourn among the Gentiles, preserving, as they do, their 
national peculiarities, is a visible evidence of the designs of 
Drily, as shadowed forth by the ancient prophets. 

In the meantime the glory has departed trom Jerusalem, as 

we read in the Bible that 
it was decreed to. To see 
it just as it is described 
by modern writers, it is a 
miserable place. 

The Rev. Pliny Fish, 
who is confirmed in his 
remarks by Dr. Robert 
Morris, a masonic writer, 
writes thus: 

"I felt as though Jeru- 
salem were a place ac- 
cursed of (iod, and given 
over to iniquity and sin. 
The Jews hate the name 
of Christ, and gnash their 
t leth when it is spoken; 
the Turks exalt their false 
prophet above Christ's 
most glorious name, and 
are distinguished lor their 
hypocrisy, tyranny and deception; the Greeks and Armenians 
profane the temple of the Lord, having little of the essential 

nature of I 'hristianity." 

Nothing need be said (if the narrow, dirty streets and filthy 
habits of the people; street scenes there, as depicted, are 
revolting. 

Mr. Morris humorously says: "When a boy, neither litis 
checked me in fault-finding by saying that 'the way that Jeru- 
salem is kept clean is, everybody sweeps the pavement in 
front of his own house. 1 She is mistaken. Nobody sweeps 
these streets. They arc not swept at all. The city does not 





74 



J TJ "V E UST I L E I1TSTRTJCTOE,. 




look as though it ew had Letn swept. A strange mistake for 
mother to make ! I never saw a town that has so many dis- 
gusting sights and smells as this." 

In the next number a representation of the ancient city 
will be shown, with some particulars of the restoration of 
Jerusalem in the days of Xeherniah. 



I1TCIDE1TTS O07 1 

js/l issioisr. 



A. 



BY ELDER C. 



(Continued. ) 

IN the month of June following the instances of healing 
related in the last number of the Instructor, Elder C. 
first visited the city of Salem, Mass. There was a man there, 

named B , who belonged to the Church, and who received 

the young missionary very kindly. Living i'l a part of brother 

B 'a house was a poor widow, named Mrs. P , who had 

an only daughter, a young lady, living with her. The widow 
was very pious, loved the Bible and believed herself to be a 
true Christian, or, at least, she tried hard to be. She mani- 
fested a very honest, humble spirit, and would converse freely 
with Elder C. on gospel principles and subjects, and he began 
to have faith that she would embrace the truth. His first 
visit to Salem lasted two or three days, and during that time 
he had one or two conversations with the widow. Leaving 
Salem, he visited other places in that part of the State, and 
as time passed on, he succeeded in establishing a kind of cir- 
cuit which included Salem, Lowell, Boston, and several other 
cities and villages. He would pay a periodical visit to each 
place in this circuit, hold meetings do fireside preaching. 
make calls and aquaintances, as opportunity offered, and do 
all he could to spread a knowledge of the truth. 

At each visit that he made to Salem he would converse 
more or less with the widow, who became more and more 
interested in the truth. This soon came to the knowledge of 
many cf her friends who sought to dissuade her from having 
anything to do with Elder C. or "Mormonism." A struggle 
commenced in the widow's mind. She was poor and largely 
dependent on her friends for support. If she embraced 
"Mormonism," her friends would desert and scorn her. She 
had read our works, believed in the doctrines they taught and 
was afraid she would offend God if she premitted worldly 
motives to induce her to reject the truth. But she was an 
invalid and had been for many years, and h?r dear daughter, 
her only comfort and support, was bitterly opposed to tlie 
baptism of her mother. To cap the climax of her discourage- 
ment some of her friends assured her that immersion in water 
of her whole body would endanger her life, as her disease was 
of such a nature that she would often be seized with strang- 
ling during sleep, caused by a falling of mucous into the 
throat, and she was so weak and excitable that her friends 

fared there was danger of gettiug water into her mouth 
and nostrils during baptism which would be almost sure to 
strangle her to death. One lady went so far as to say. "If 
you should live through baptism it would be a sign that the 
work is of God." 

Our young readers can readily see that it would require vf ry 
great faith in the widow to embrace and obey the gospel under 
sueh trying circumstances as these. Yet in spite of all these 
trials and obstacles >he at length resolved to bebartized. This 
was over a year after her first interview with'Ei.DER C., who 



was in another part of his field of labor at the time she 
formed this resolution. She wrote to him desiring him to 
come immediately ani baptize her, for since she had decided 
to be baptized she was very anxious to receive that ordinance 
without delay. Elder C. proceeded at once to Salem, when 
the widow expressed her desires and feelings to him freely. 

In her youth she had been baptized into the Methodist 
church, but at length had left it because she could not believe 
the Bible as they expounded it. She then joined the Episco- 
pal church, but left it for the same reason. She did not 
believe it right for a minister or any one else to put a private 
interpretation upon scripture, to suit their own ideas and creeds. 
On leaving the Episcopal church she resolved never to join 
another church unless they preached the Bible just as it read, 
and she became convinced that it was the true Church of God. 
"But," said she to Elder C, "I am now convinced that af'tir 
these many years of praying and waiting for the truth and the 
true Church of God, I have found it, and am willing to sacri- 
fice all for them, and though I believe that baptism will endan- 
ger my life, I must be baptised. I am willing to give even life 
itself for the sake of the truth, now that God has sent it to 
me." Elder C. was struck with admiration at her great 
faith, and feeling authorized by the Spirit, he said to her, "I 
promise you in the name of the Most High, that baptism 
shall not hurt you!" He then went up town, made suitable 
arrangmeots with the proprietor of a bathing place to have a 
bath tub filled with water, nicely warmed, procured acxrriage, 
took the widow to the place prepared and baptized her. 
Sure enough the water did not strangle or hurt her in anyway, 
and immediately after dressing she declared that she felt 
stronger and better than she had for ten years. On reaching 
home Elder C. and a fellow Elder who happened to join him 
about that time; confirmed her, and also anointed and admin- 
istered to her for her health. From that hour she was mirac- 
ulously strengthened physically, and was filled with joy, not- 
with; t inding the great sacrifice and trial she had passed 
through. 

( To be Continued. ) 



Hard Work. — "What is your secret?" asked a lady of 
Turner, the distinguished painter. He replied, "I have no 
secret, madam, but hard work." Says Dr. Arnold: "The 
difference between one man and another is not so much in 
talent as in energy." 

"Nothing," says Reynolds, "is denied well directed labor, 
and nothing is to be attained without it." "Excellence in any 
department," says Johnson, "can now be attained by the 
labor of a lifetime, but it is not to be purchased at a ltss 
price." "There is but one method," said Sidney Smith, "and 
that is hard labor; and a man who will not pay that price for 
distinction had better at once dedicate himself to the pursuit 
of a fox." 

"Step by step," reads the French proverb, "one goes very 
far." "Nothing," says Mirabeau, "is impossible to a man 
who can and will. This is the only law of success." "Have 
you ever entered a cottage, or traveled in a coach, ever talked 
with a peasant in the field, or loitered with a mechanic at the 
loDtn," asked Sir Edward Bulwer Lytton, "without finding 
that each of these men had a talent you have not, knew some- 
thing that you did not?" The most useless creature that 
yawns on the corner, or idles in rage underthe suns of Calabria, 
has no excuse for want of intellect. What men want is not 
talent, but purpose; in other words, not the power to achieve, 
but the will to labor. 




> 



t> 



JUTBITILB UsTSTRTJCTOR 



75 



^Itagter flaij the 




THE TIGER. 



To-day we will tell you a sto-ry a-bout 
a ti-ger. 

The ti-ger is just a gi-ant cat, and oh, 



so sav-age. 



Some years a-go, a num-ber of Eng-lish 
of-fi-cers went out to hunt in In-dia. In- 
dia is in A-sia. 

As they went home, they found a ver-y 
lit-tle ti-ger all by it-self. They took it 
home with them, and tied it to the pole 
of their tent. They lived in a tent, for 
they were sol-diers. 




The ba-by ti-ger played a-bout, and 
made much fun for them. But, just as it 
was grow-ing dark the peo-ple in the tent 
heard a strange noise out-side, which 
made some of them feel a-fraid. It was 
the roar of a ti-ger. 

In an in-stant the lit-tle kit-ten ti-ger 
pulled on the chain, which held it to the 
post, with all its ba-by strength. It tried 
to break loose. It knew the roar out-side. 
It was the voice of its moth-er. With a 
loud wail it re-plied to the Avail out-side. 

Then there leaped in-to the tent the 
huge moth-er ti-ger. She caught her 
kit-ten by the neck, and with one jerk 
she snapped the chain which held it. 



\tP 



She then turned a-round to the tent door, 
and dashed a-way at full speed to her 
home in the jun-gle. 

No one tried to shoot her. They 
thought she was a brave moth-er and 
ought to have her lit-tle one with-out get- 
ting hurt. "We hope she got home safe-ly. 

The beasts of the field all love their 
young, no mat-ter how cru-el and sav-age 
their na-tures seem to us. We should be 
un-kind to none of them. G. R. 




Infograph g. 



JOSSFHE SMITH, 
J? IR, O IP IHL~ IE T . 



THE 



(Continued.) 



BROTHER Heber C. Kimball was much better the next 
morning; but he was not well enough to travel. President 
Young and he remained in Terre Haute, and the other breth. 
ren, with the wagon and horses, started for Kirtland, Ohio. 
This was on the ISth of October. The horses were not in 
good condition. When they started, Presidents Young and 
Kimball gave them all the money they had, excepting five 
dollars. Bro. Kimball told them to make all haste; if they 
did not, they would be in Kirtland before them. 

On the 23rd of October, Presidents Young and Kimball 
started from Terre Haute. Dr. Modisett sent his son and 
carriage to carry them a few miles. They were met by Bro. 
A. W. Babbitt who took them in his buggy to Pleasant Grove. 
In this neighborhood they remained a few days, preaching to 
the pecple. After leaving (here, they stopped one night belbre 
reaching Belleville. Here they took stage. When they got 
into the stage, they did not expect to be able to ride but a 
short distance. All the money they had only amounted to 
$13,50. They rode as far as Indianapolis, where they paid 
their passage and found they had sufficient means to pay 
their passage to Richmond, Indiana. When they arrived 
there they found they had means to carry them to Daytjn, 
< )hio. At Dayton they expected to. stop and preach until they 
could get means with which to pursue their journey. But 
when President Young went to his trunk to get money to pay. 
bis bill, he found that they had sufficient to carry them to 
Columbus. So to Columbus they went. Upon paying bis 
bill then-, he found he had sufficient to pay their passage to 
Wooster. At this lattor place President Young went to his 
trunk again to get money to pay the bill, and lo! and behold! 
he found enough there to carry them to Cleveland. 

The next day was Sunday, November 3rd. While they 
were walking down the street in Cleveland, from a meeting 
which they had attended, they met Brother Kimball's father 
in-law, who had left them when Brother George A. Smith and 
the other brethren did at Terre Haute. Brother Kimball was 
80 very sick at I lie ti thai he did not expect tO see him alive 




agi 



'^ 76 



JTTYElSriLB I1TSTE/UCTOB 



o~ 



again, When he met him, therefore, he was as much aston- 
ished as if he had seen one who had risen from the dead. 
They soon met the brethren and had a happy re-union. They 
took stage that day and arrived at Kirtland in the evening. 
Upon reaching that place President Young had twelve and a 
half cents left. 

On looking over his and Brothers Kimball's expenses, he 
found that out of the SI 3. 50 which they had at Pleasant 
Garden, they had paid out 887,00! They had traveled over 
four hundred miles by stage, for which they had paid from 
eight to ten cents per mile. They had eaten three meals apiece 
a day; for each meal they were charged fifty cents. Every 
night they stopped they had paid fifty cents for their lodgings. 
Yet, to their certain knowledge, when they left Pleasant 
Garden they had only sl3, 50 to start on! Their money had 
been increased by the power of God, and thus they had been 
enabled to pursue their journey. 

When the missionaries left Kirtland they were in poor heakb, 
and some of them were more fitted for a hospital than a jour- 
ney. They took a steamboat at Fairport, on Lake Erie, and 
landed at Buffalo. The wind arose on the passage during the 
night, and President Young went on deck. While there, he 
felt impressed in spirit to pray to the Father, in the name of 
Jesus, and then was moved upon to command the wind to 
cease. He did so, and the wind abated. 

After getting into the state of New York the Elders separa- 
ted for the convenience of visiting their relatives and preach- 
ing. At Hamilton, Madison County, in that State, President 

B. Young recsived from the Saints the cloth for an overcoat, 
which one of the sisters made up. This was a great blessing 
to him, as, for want of an overcoat, he had worn, all the way 
from Nauvoo, a quilt with a comforter run through it. He 
had nothing else to wear to keep him warm in starting on his 
mission, and he had to take that from his children's bed. 
Through the month of December he held meetings and 
preached in Xew York. In the beginning of January, 1S40, 
he and Brother George A, Smith visited the New England 
States, where they also labored in the ministry. Leaving that 
part of the country they reached the city of New York on the 
1 ist day of January. They found Brother Parley P. Pratt and 
family there. 

In this city and neighborhood President Young, Elders If. 

C. Kimball, P. P. Pratt, OreonPratt, George A Smith and 
Reuben Bedlock continued to bold meltings and j reach until 
the 0th of March, 1840, when they sailed for Liverpool on the 
packet-ship Patrick Henry. They took steerage passage, and 
had to furnish their own provisions and bedding. For the 
passage they paid eighteen dollars, and they gave the cook 
one dollar each for cooking. For eight days after sailing they 
had a fair wind, from the eighth to the tenth day a very heavy 
gale, from the eleventh to the thirteenth day part of the bul- 
wark- of the vessel wore washed away and the water ran down 
the hatches in large quantities. Theylandedat Liverpool on 
the 6thof April. President Young and Brothers Kimball and 
P. P. Pratl got into a bout and went ashore. When Presi- 
dent ^oung landed he gave a loud shout of hosannah. After 
procuring a room, they held a meeting, partook of the sa. 'la- 
ment and returned thanks to G id fur his protection and care 
over tin in while "ii the waters. They also asked him to open 
their way before them that theymight accomplish their mis- 
sion- successfully. 

After all their suffering, and many trials, they had at last 
all reached Europe. They hadiaid thefoundation stone of the 
House of the Lord in Far West; they had taken their depart- 



ure therefrom for the nations; they had crossed the great 
waters; and all these things acco-ding to the revelation of the 
Lord. How great must their joy have been at Liverpool when 
they looked back upon all they had passed through, and thought 
how the Lord had preserved them. 

( To he Continued.) 



HONOR J^1<T ID PRIDE 



BY SIN'BAD. 



ON pleasant Sabbath evenings, just after the sun sinks to 
rest, and when all is still and calm, I am in the habit of 
taking strolls with a young friend. Sometimes our path lies 
through the open fields, sometimes over the hills, sometimes 
through the cool canyons, where we gather sweet flowers, 
and sometimes through the outskirts of the city where we 
enjoy ourselves in gazing at the modest attempts at flower 
gardens and inhaling the fragrance of the blossoms, borne to 
us by the grateful breeze. But wherever we go, we always 
choose a place where all is quiet and we can converse without 
being annoyed or interrupted by others. 

My friend "Hal" is not particularly in advance of his 
years, but he is good and pleasant; and tries to be sensible 
and talk upon sensible subjects; and, as I love to hear bim, 
and think it would not only please many of our young friends, 
but also be useful for them to know what he says, I shall try 
to give some of our Sabbath evening talks. 

The occasion of passing a young dandy had turned our 
conversation on pride, and from pride to honor, and then on 
both, with an endeavor to find where the one ends and the 
other commences. This is his idea of honor and pride, 
though not in his language, and I only regret that you can- 
not hear, as I did, his pleasant voice, see his earnestness, and 
the goodness that smiled from his face as he spoke: 

No, Sinbad, I hardly think you are right. To me there 
seems as much difference between honor and pride as there is 
between principle and policy. It is difficult to define either; 
but we always look upon honor as synonymous with virtue, 
integrity and honesty; in truth, it is the expression of all 
good in man. It is honor that causes the judge to refuse the 
bribe, because, to take it, would wrong his manhood; honor, 
that whispers to us not to steal, because, in doing so, we 
would be untrue to ourselves; honor, that urges us to pass, 
untouched, the proffered temptation, as that would be placing 
temptation in the way of others; honor, that incites the 
youth to be brave, and speak the truth, for to lie would be 
wrong; it is honor that prompts us to give to the poor, 
because it relieves suffering and warms the heart with a robe 
of goodness; it is honor that bids us be kind and encourage the 
unfortunate, and thereby secures for us a self-satisfaction 
that is ever pleasant and that can be afforded no other way. 
Every noble impulse that awakens in the heart and reaches 
out to others in the hope that it may give birth to a' like 
feeling in them, is prompted by honor. It is the only word 
that will express every species of good where the motives are 
fir good. 

But how different is pride! When did pride ever do an 
ant of kindness "for its own dear sake," and not from sinister 
motives? Judges, it is true, have refused bribes through 
pride, but it was because there was danger that it might 
become known and they would be injured thereby. Pride 
never urged m to miss an opportunity for stealing, save 
where there was danger of it being found out, and of the term 



CA. 



( 



^ 



J TJ ^T IE 1ST I L E HSrSTBTJOTOR. 




"thief ' being applied to us. Did pride ever cause us to assist 
the ragged little urchin in picking up the contents of the 
basket, dropped when the poor, bare feet clipped on a piece 
of glass? Ooly when we hoped that we might be called kind 
and generous for the assistance. When did pride ever find 
its way down the rickety steps into the dismal cellar where 
sickness and poverty are in the strongest fellowship, and 
bring sunshine and comfort to the hearts of the distressed? 
And if pride has ever done this, when, my dear friend, did it 
strive to hide its acts of kindness that they might be kept 
within itself? Yet how often has honor done all this. 
Honor is the offspring of the heart, but pride is the child of 
selfishness and the sister of policy; for its every act of kind- 
ness has either a selfish motive, or it is expected that by 
being kind through policy we will receive a speedy and 
tangible reward. We should, therefore, try to do good for its 
own sake, and in the effort we will find ever so much pleasure 
and happiness; and we will thus cultivate honor. Honor is 
all beart, while pride is all selfishnesss. 



THUS 



GOSPEL 
CIPLES. 



ZPiRIILT- 



BY DANIEL TYLER. 



PRIESTHOOD. 



(Continued.) 

ALTHOUGH the New Testament informs us what officers 
were in the Church, it says but little as to their duties or 
callings. Paul does say, in the 4th chapter of the Ephesians, 
that, from the Apostles down, they were "for the perfecting 
of the saints, for the work of the ministry," etc., "till we all 
come in the unity of the faith;" but what the special duty of 
each was is left for modern revelation to determine, so far as 
we are concerned. The ancient disciples were, of course, 
posted in all these matters, but they never committed them to 
writing, or, if so, their manuscripts were either lost cr 
destroyed through persecution of the church. 

The book of Doctrine and Covenants, commencing on page 
115, new edition, says, "An apostle is an elder, and it is his 
calling to baptize and to ordain otber elders, priests, teachers, 
and deacons, and to administer bread and wine — tbe emblems 
of the flesh and blood of Christ — and to confirm those who 
are baptized into the church, by tbe laying on of hands for 
the baptism of fire and the Holy Ghost, according to the 
scriptures; and to teach, expound, exhort, baptize, and watch 
over the church; and to coufirm the church by the laying on of 
hands, and the giving of the Holv Ghost, and to take the 
lead of all meetings. The elders are to conduct the meetings 
as they are led by the Holy Ghost, according to the com- 
mandments and revelations of God. 

"The piiest's duty is to preach, teach, expound, exhort, and 
baptize, and administer the sacrament, and visit the house cf 
each member, and exhort them to pray vocally and in secret, 
and attend to all family duties; and he m?y also ordiin other 
priests, teachers, and deacons. And he is to take the lead of 
meetings when there is no elder present; but when there is an 
elder present, he is only to preach, teach, expound, exhoit, 
and baptize, and visit the house of each member, exhorting 
them to pray vocally and in secret, and attend to all family 
duties. In all these duties the priest is to assist the elder if 
occasion requires." 



Next in order is the duty of the teachers, who are standing 
ministers to the Church. The office of a teacher, although 
in the grade of priesthood reckoned as one of the lesser, is, 
nevertheless, one of the most important callings in the Church; 
and, above all men, those who hold this office should be 
exemplary. On the other hand, if there is any preference to 
be shown, I tbink the teachers should have it as they visit 
among the Saints. Their duties are so important to the gen- 
eral welfare. I trust our aged and venerable Presiding 
Bishop, Brother Edward Hunter, will pardon me for quoting 
a few words which I once heard fall from his lips in a Bishops' 
meeting, in Salt Lake City, on this subject. After telling the 
Bishops to instruct the Saints to set their houses in order 
when the teachers came to visit them, he said, "The teachers 
are the only men who can preside in my house when I am at 
home. I call my house to order and give the presidency to 
them during their visit." 

Those words fell upon my heart like "apples of gold in 
pictures of silver," and, although thirty years have passed, 
they are as fresh in my mind as when first spoken. I can 
recommend them to all Latter-day Saints, not only as falling 
from the lips of a great and good man, but for their intrinsic 
value. 

Of course the offices are all of vital importance to the 
Saints. The will of God cannot "be done on earth as it is 
in heaven" unless they are all in the Church and all magnified. 
And without them all it would not be the "kingdom of God." 
Jesus said of John the Baptist, "Among those that are 
born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the 
Baptist: but he that is least in the kingdom of God is greater 
than he." Hence we see that John, although a great pro- 
phet, holding only the lesser priesthood, could not establish 
the kingdom. But after the Savior had ordained twelve to 
the higher priesthood, he said to them, "the kingdom of 
heaven is within you." That is as much as to say that they 
held all the authority necessary to build up the kingdom of 
God on the earth. 

We will now come to the duties of teachers, and you will 
see I have not attached too much importance to the calling. 
We will quote from page 116 in the book of Doctrine and 
Covenants: 

"The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and 
be with and strengthen them, and see that there is no iniquity 
in the church— neither hardness with each other— neither 
lying, back-biting, nor evil speaking; and see that the church 
meet together often, and also see that all the members do 
their duty, and he is to take the lead of meetings in the 
absence of the elder or priest— and is to be assisted always, 
in all his duties in the church, by the deacons, if occasion 
requires; but neither teachers nor deacons have authority to 
baptize, administer the sacrament, or lay on hands: they are, 
however, to warn, expound, exhort, and teach and invite all 
to come unto Christ. Every elder, priest, teacher, or deacon, 
is to be ordained according to the gifts and callings o! God 
unto him; and he is to be ordained by the power of the Holy 
Ghost, which is in the one who ordains him." 
(To he Continued.) 



HOW lovely and desirable is a bright, wholesome tempera- 
ment, bringing sunshine everywhere and oasting 00 dark shad- 
ows before us. The influence of ••] person of cheerful temper 
on persons and surroundings is benefioial on all < ccasions and 

at all times. 



. , 



■P 





0" TT "V IE 23" I L IE3 IHSTBUOTOB 




^li$ |ftwcnify |fnsfr«dot|. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, - EDITOR. 



8ALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 187S. 



EIDITOZR/ZL^Xj TZBZOTTG-IHITS- 





^^j^y^^ ISSION ARIES wanted ! Missionaries by 
Tr'^K^L sfcf tne scores > by the hundreds and by the 
\Nfktev)/iJ *$ft thousands! Missionaries of faith, mis- 
sionaries of knowledge, missionaries of 
courage, missionaries of zeal, missionaries 
of untiring industry, missionaries who 
are not afraid of being made martyrs. 
' True Latter-day Saints are wanted. They 
are wanted to tell the truth. They are 
wanted 'to declare to the world that the 
rd lives. They are wanted to grapple with 
, to expose error, to overthrow falsehood, 
counteract prejudice and to point out to 
nkind the path that leads to God. There 
is plenty of work for thousands. The field of labor 
is immense. No matter how many there may be, 
none need be idle. Is this true? Look at the 
O &s o' world, and you can see. 

The Lattei-Iay Saints are the people of God. The Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is the onty true church. 
Its officers are the only ones upon the earth to whom the 
Lord has given authority to act for Him. They have the pure 
gospel. No other people has it in its fullness. Moham- 
medans, Jews, Pagans and those who call themselves 
Christians, all have some truth. There are hundreds of 
churches among the Christians. Are thev all true? No; 
there can be but one true church. Have they no truth? Oh, 
yes; they each believe some principles which are t true. But 
they are mixed with falsehood and error. Some believe that 
Jesus is the Son of God, the Redeemer of the world. Some 
believe in repentance. Some believe in baptism. Some 
believe in the resurrection. These are true principles. But 
there are many other things which they believe that are not 
true. Who can separate the truth from the untruth'' Can 
man do so? No, never. Men have tried to do so, and tbi« is 
the cause of so many creeds and so many churches. The 
Lord alone can teach men what is truth. He did so when He 
restored His Church to the earth and had it organized 
properly. It is not the Latter-day Saints alone who say this 
is the only true church. It is the Lord who says so. The 
Latter-day Saints only repeat what He has told them. All 
the world should be glad to know that this is His Church as 
well as the Latter day Saints. The Church of Jesus Christ 
is not for those only who are now Latter-day Saints. It is 
restored to the earth so that all men and women on the earth 
may enter into it. The Lord dc-ires all His children to 
receive and practice the truth — not only a few Americans, 
Europeans, Asiatics, Africans and Australians, but all the 
people of every land and of every church and creed. He 
invites all to throw away their false creeds, to forsake their 
false doctrines, to leave the churches which they and their 
fathers have built lip, t<> receive the truth which He 
reveals and to join His Church. There is no dishonor in 

D 



this. The Lord has the right to ask the people to do it, and 
they should do it. 

Missionaries therefore are wanted. Missionaries to declare 
the truth to all the world, to leave none in ignorance. Look 
at America alone, and what labor there is to perform ! Besides 
the white people, count the Indians, the Lamanites, as they 
are called in the Book of Mormon. How numerous they are! 
How ignorant and degraded! Yet they have to be taught. 
They will yet come to the knowledge of the gospel. They 
will enter into covenant with the Lord. They will be mighty 
in the truth. The Lord made this promise to their fathers, 
and His word cannot fail. Whom has the Lord chosen to 
help do this work? The Latter-day Saints. What a great 
work for a people so few in numbers to do! Are we not 
correct, then, in saying that thousands of missionaries are 
wanted. A world of people have to be warned and taught, 
and either left without excuse or be brought into the Church 
of Christ. What Latter-day Saint, then, seeing this labor 
has to be performed, can be idle? Many probably are dis- 
couraged. They either forget the promises of the Lord, or 
have lost faith in them. Many do not want to be missionaries. 
They shrink from going out. If they go out to preach they 
will be reviled, hated, persecuted, mobbed, and some think 
they might be killed. They would rather stay at home. 
They would rather work at their trades, at their farms, or at 
their counters. They want to make money. They want to 
live at ease. To go out into the cold and unfeeling world is 
unpleasant. Thus many of the Latter-day Saints think. 
But the gospel must be preached. The inhabitants of the 
earth must be warned. They must be brought into the 
Church, or be left without excuse. Who shall do this work? 
Where shall we look for missionaries? There must be some 
Latter-day Saints who will do this. The missionary spirit 
must be cultivated. Woe to us if we lose it! For if we do 
we shall be false to our trust, unworthy of the truth, and 
untrue to the covenants we have made. 

The Book of Mormon says: iL Wo be unto him that is at 
ease in Zion." Who that value* the truth can be at ease 
when the world around him is perishing for lack of the truth? 
Is there any one who has tasted of the word of God and felt 
its mighty power and rejoiced in the gifts of the gospel, who 
does not desire to tell his neighbors of it? If there are any 
such, they are scarcely suitable for missionaries. A true 
missionary must love the truth. He must enjoy its blessings. 
He must also love his fellow-men. He must place a high 
value upon their salvation. He must be filled with burning 
zeal to save them. Imbued by this love and zeal he must be 
willing to suffer persecution and reviling for the sake of 
winning souls. His own ease, comfort and convenience, he 
must not consult. He must take delight in saving souls even 
if labor, fatigue, hardships, abuse, and the hatred and perse- 
cution of the wicked, have to be endured. In fact, he must 
not even hold his own life dear, should he be required, in the 
discharge of his duty, to lay it down. This is the feeling and 
sp'rit which a true missionary should possess. 

But it may be a>kcd, what is the reward for all this? Why 
not enjoy ourselves here? Why not take our ease and com- 
fort? Why not stay at home and attend to our concerns and 
make money? At home we have friends. AVe are not perse- 
cuted, we are not hated, we are not called foul names and 
threatened with violence and death. And shall we not go to 
heaven? 

It may be that you will. But you will not get the glory 
that fhe faithful missionary will get. You will not reach the 





JJJ V El ZLST I L IE INSTBTJOTOB, 




same happiness that Jesus and his faithful prophets and 
apostles have. What, can man expect to have all the good 
things of this life, to consult his own ease and comfort alone, 
and then have all the good things of the life to come? It 
would be a vain expectation. The Lord has promised to 
reward men according to their works. If they have been 
obedient, humble, self-sacrificing, thinking more of doing 
good to others than of their own comfort, He will bestow 
great glory and honor upon them. But there are no promises 
of happiness and future glory made to the selfish, to the 
self-indulgent and the disobedient. 

Juveniles, you should cultivate the missionary spirit. There 
is no life that a man can live on the earth so happy as that of 
a missionary. He is full of peace and joy from morning till 
night, and from night till morning. He may be poor, and 
among strangers and persecuted, but if he lives aright, he 
will be happy and rejoice exceedingly. We hope to see this 
spirit increase among the Saints. There is a great work to do 
among the various nations, and then among the Lamanites — ■ 
what a labor has to be done in teaching and training them! 
Hear the words of one of the prophets: "For after the book 
[the Book of Mormon] of which I have spoken shall come 
forth, and be written unto the Gentiles, and sealed up again 
unto the Lord, there shall be many which shall believe the 
words which are written; and they shall carry 
unto the remnant of our seed. 
And then shall the remnant 
of our seed know concerning 
us, how that we came out from 
Jerusalem, and that they are 
descendants of the Jews. And 
the gospel of Jesus Christ s'ia'1 
be declared among them; 
wherefore, they shall be restor- 
ed unto the knowledge of their 
fathers, and also to the knowl- 
edge of Jesus Christ, which 
was had among their fathers. 
And then shall they rejoice; 
for they shall know that it is a 
blessing unto them from the 
hand of God; and their scales of darknes 
from their eyes: and many generations shall not eassawayam.ng 
them, save they shall be a white and delightsome people." 




DEAF MTJTE 
shall beg'n to fall i 



><-.-♦ — • 



DEAF MUTES 



DEAF and dumb persons, or deaf mutes, as they are usually 
called, are probably as scarce among the Latter-day S.rints 
as in any community of like size in the world, although it is 
claimed that the ratio of such persons is greater to the popu- 
lation in mountainous countries than in others.* The propor- 
tion of this unfortunate class certainly varies a great deal in 
different countries, whether the mountains have anything to 
do with it or not. In Switzerland, according to the census 
taken in 1846, the ratio was one to every 502 of the popula- 
tion. In the United States, according to the census taken in 
1850, there was one to every 2,345. No other nation has so 
small a proportion as the United States, except China; and 
thers is some reason to suppose that the number^ there is 
greatly reduced by the practice of infanticide which is said to 
prevail. About two-fifths of all th 
have lost their hearing since their 





deaf mutes who exist 
lirth through sickness or 



accidents, and the others were born with the infirmity. It is 
claimed by those who have given the subject attention that 
a great proportion of the latter class of cases are hereditary, 
directly or indirectly. Out of 542 cases in the American 
Asylum, at Hartford, ninety-five had either parents, grand- 
parents, uncles, aunts or cousins deaf and dumb, and twenty- 
seven others had more remote relatives similarly afflicted. 

The deaf mutes have constituted a very numerous class in 
every age and country, calling for the sympathy of the humane 
and benevolent. In very ancient times the idea of educating 
such persons, and thereby supplying as far as possible the 
defects of their nature, never seems to have been entertained. 
It is said that "in many instances the authorities connived at, 
if they did not openly approve of, the destruction of such 
children, who it was thought could be of no benefit to the 
state.'' In the early ages of the Christian era some efforts 
were made by different persons to impart instructions to the 
deaf mutes, but without much success. Though a few solitary 
instances are recorded of deaf and dumb persons learning to 
repeat sentences and read previously, it was not until the year 
1550, when Pedro Ponce de Leon, a Spaniard, undertook it, 
that any success was made by methodical teaching. Other 
philanthropic men in Italy, Germany, Holland, England and 
Spain soon followed, each originating some plan of instruction 
of seeking to improve upon that of his predecessor. In 

lo2u Paulo Bonet, a Benedic- 
tine monk, of Spain, publish- 
ed a work entitled the "Reduc- 
tion of Letters and Arts for 
Teaching the Pumb to Speak," 
which contains the first engrav- 
ing of the single-hand alpha- 
bet, and he is generally believ- 
ed to have been its inventor. 
He departed somewhat from 
the usual method followed of 
imparting instruction to the 
mutes, for the efforts of those 
who had preceded him had 
been mainly directed to the 
alphabet. teaching of articulation and 

reading on the lip, or learning what another said by watching 
the motions of the lips. 

Thetwo-han led alphabet was invented by George Dalgrano, a 
Scotchman, who published a work on the subject in 1680. 
Dactylology, or the art of communicating ideas by the Bngers 
gradually grew in favor ,'roin that time. The man, however, 
to whom the deaf mutes of the world are mostly indebted for 
the means of education is the abbe de l'Epee, a philan- 
thropist nf Park He devoted his life and fortune to the 
teaching of the deaf and dumb of the pour. IK 1 tried at 
first the method of articulation, but remembering the principle 
which he bad learned in youth, that "there is do more natural 
and necessary connection between abstract ideas and the artic- 
ulate sounds which strike the ear, than there is between the 
same ideas and the written characters which strike the eye," 
he sought for some medium other than articulate sounds by 
which to represent to the minds of these deaf-mute children 
the ideas which he wished to convey to them. This medium 
he found in the language of signs, thai natural method of 
communication by which the most savage tribes of different 
languages and countries are able to converse to a certain extent 
with each other. lie found this existing to a considerable 
degree among the uoeducated ileal and dumb, as being the 





SO 



.J TJ "V IE IN" I Hi IE INSTBTJCTOB 




-♦* O- I » 



4Ltiri0siiieg» * n Ifitititai^ jfaofl. 



AMONG THE ROMANS. 



only means by which they could make known their physical 
wants. This language he amplified, improved and system- 
atized, with the intention of making it an equivalent of ordi- 
nary language, so that the process of instruction should be a 
mere translation of the ideas of written language into the 
language of signs. 

The first public institution for the teaching of deaf mutes in 
the United States was established at Hartford in 1817. It is 
called the American Asylum for Deaf and Dumb. Since that 
time institutions for a similar purpose have been estabished 
and are being carried on successfully in many of the States. 
The prominence to which many deaf and dumb persons have 
attained in the fine arts, in literature, in science and mechan- 
ism, indicates what may be accomplished by perseverance, 
even though opposed by such immense obstacles. Among the j 
deaf mutes who have risen to eminence might to mentioned a 
number of very superior artists, several distinguished authors 
and poets, many excellent mechanics and inventors and not a 
few able linguists and scholars, one of whom, the Baron the 
Montbret, was considered the best linguist in Europe with the 
exception of one in his day. 

Those of us who are so favored as to possess the power to 
hear and speak should never cease to be grateful to the 
Almighty for so blessing us, and we should sympathise with 
and take pleasure in assisting those who are less fortunate. 
And those who are defiicient in these necessary senses should 
remember that it is even possible for th them attain to great 
usefulness, notwithstanding their infirmity. 




(Continued.') 

THE ancient Roman supper, if a meal taken before four 
o'clock in the afternoon may be so called consistently with 
modern ideas, was usually composed of two courses and a 
dessert. The first consisted of eggs stained of various colors, 
shell-fi.-h, vegetables, and other trifles; the second comprised 
the ragouts, roast meat and fish; the latter, particularly, was 
a luxury in such request that without it no Roman of fashion 
could be persuaded that he had made a meal. The dessert 
contained the usual proportion of fruit and confectionery, 
much in the modern style; but it was customary to serve it on 
a separate table, and even the more substantial parts of the 
supper were occasionally brought in on portable tables, or 

pi -1 before the guests on frames. Some of their greatest 

dainties would be apt to startle a modern epicure: snails, and 
a species of white maggot f„und in old timber, were fattened 
with peculiar care, anil served only at the best tables; stewed 
sows' teats, fricaseed sucking-puppies, and water-rats, were 
in great request; and, according to Horace, "A lamb's fat 
paunch was a delicious treat." Rut the most sumptuous 
dish was an entire roasted boar, and stuffed with game and 
poultry. The animal itself was in such esteem with the 
lovers of good cheer, that Juvenal terms it "animal propter 
convivia natum." 

"A beast 
Dssign'd by nature f"r the social feast." 

Fish was sometimes brought to table alive, and weighed in 
the presence of the company, that they might ascertain its 



value, and enjoy in anticipation the pleasure of feasting on it 
when dressed. When any very rare dish was served, the 
slaves who bore it were decorated with flowers; it was announced 
with great ceremony, ushered in with music, and received with 
the joyous acclamations of the expectant guests. In the 
reign of Doniitian, the senate was convened to consult on the 
best mode of dressing a turbot of extraordinary size which 
had been presented to the emperor; and, although it certainly 
formed no part of the daties of senators to regulate the 
mysteries of the despot's kitchen, Domitian probably 
knew that no council of cooks could furnish him with better 
advice. 

Wine was served after the meal in large earthen vases which 
were circulated at the table, and each of which bore a label 
describing the age and quality of the liquor it contained. 
When serving it, it was generally passed through a strainer 
which contained small pieces of ice, which both cooled and 
weakened it. 

It was customary to drink toasts and healths, and some- 
times when any very animating sentiment was given, the com- 
pany pledged it by throwing their chaplets into the wine, 
which was called "drinking the crowns/' that is, drinking 
bumper.-. After supper, and sometimes even between the 
courses, they played at dice. 

When the emperors, and indeed, even private individuals 
of rank, gave an entertainment, part of the amusement some- 
times consisted of a lottery, in which each ticket represented 
a prize. Considerable sums were occasionally distributed in 
this manner among the guests; but not in actual money. The 
prizes were generally pictures of various merit, trinkets, or 
things of more importance, contrasted with others of ridicu- 
lously small amount, Thus, in one given by Heliogabalus, one 
of the lots consisted of ten camels, and another of ten flies; 
others, ten ostriches, and ten eggs; ten pounds of gold, and 
ten of lead; and all in equally absurd proportion. 

Soon after the establishment of the republic, it became 
customary at their entertainments to sing the praises of their 
great men to the sound of the flute and the cithara. But 
after the conquest of the Asiatic provinces, jugglers, buffoons 
and dancing girls were introduced; and a kind ol pantomime, 
not always of the most modest description, was substituted 
for the ancient hymns and choruses. These licentious exhibi- 
tions palled the sense they were meant to stimulate, and led 
to such brutal depravity of taste, that gladiators were 
frequently introduced into them; and a diversion, if such, 
indeed, it may be called, which is a stain upon the manners 
and morals of the Roman public, was adopted in the private 
assemblies of the patricians. In justice, however, to the 
sosiety of Rome, it must not be concealed, that ladies and 
young persons retired whenever any scenes unfit to be pre- 
sented before them were about to be exhibited. Nor, amidst 
all this extravagance of luxury and laxity of manners, if not 
of morals, *ere splendid examples of moderation and pro- 
priety of conduct wanting among the men. At the tables of 
both the Plinies and of Atticus, readings from celebrated 
authors were substituted for the dances and combats exhibited 
at other houses. 

The supper ended, as it begun, with libations to the gods; 
prayers were offered for the safety and prosperity of the host, 
whose health was drunk at the same time. On taking leave 
of the host, he usually made his guests some present, more or 
' less valuable, as inclination or circumstances dictated. Some 
instances are recorded of extreme prodigality on such occa- 
| sions, others ot absurdity, and even of barbarity. Among 




17"- 



? 



% 



JTTVENILE I1TSTBUOTOB 



81 




the former, Cleopatra's gifts to Antony are prominent. After 
the superb entertainments made for him at Tardus, she, each 
time, presented him with the entire service of plate, of the 
most costly description; and to the numerous friends who 
accompanied him, she gave the tapestry and couches which 
served for the occasion, and the golden cups and vases of 
which they had made use. To some of the most distinguished 
among them she gave litters with their bearers; to others i 
horses, richly caparisoned; and to all, young Ethiopian slaves 
to carry flambeaux before them to their lodgings. The lavish 
munificence of Cleopatra to Antony may not, indeed, excite 
much wonder; but we are told that Verus invited eleven friends 
to a supper, after which he gave to each of them the page 
who waited upon him at table, and all the costly cups of gold 
and crystal of which he had made use; a mai're-d hotel, with 
a complete service of plate; vases of gold, filled with the most 
precious perfumes; and similar animals alive, both quadrupeds 
and birds, to those which appeared at the table. To crown 
all, they were conveyed home, each in a splendid carriage, 
which was presented to them, together with the set of mules 
by which it was drawn, and the muleteer by whom it was 
driven. 

It is related of the Emperor Djmitian, that he summoned 
a party of senators and knights to one of the entertainments 
given by him oti the occasion of his pretended victory over 
the Dacii. They were introduced, with much solemnity, into 
a saloon entirely hung with black, and all the furniture of the 
same sombre description. On taking their places, each found 
before him a small pillar, such as was usually raised over 
tombs, with his name inscribed on it, and surmounted by a 
sepulchral lamp. They were attended by naked children 
blackened from head to foot, to represent so many infernal 
demons. These spirits danced around the table with hideous 
grimaces, and then presented to the guests such meats as 
were used only at funeral ceremonies. A profound silence 
was observed by everyone but Domitian, who, in solemn 
seriousness, entertained the company with lugubrious stories 
of murders and apparitions. It maybe imagined with what 
appetite the supper was eaten, particularly when it is recol- 
lected that the tyrant frequently entertained those unhappy 
wretches sumptuously at night, whom he put to death on the 
following day. At length, the guests were dismissed; but 
they were conducted home with much caution and mystery, 
and soon after their arrival a messenger was announced from 
the empsror. Eich concluded that it was his death warrant; 
but it was, on the contrary, the little imp who had waited 
upon him at table, now divested of his ominous black, elegantly 
dressed, and bearing, as a present, the monumental pillar, 
which proved to be of silver, and some article of plate. 

The remains of the repast were partly distributed an g 

the slaves, and such things as were not fit for further use 
were burned. 

(To be Continued.) 



ALBHSTO ZTTHSriS. 



Half of the people in the world arc idle for want of some 
overseeing eye 10 set them to work. The advice which 

Haydon gave to the erratic i I Keats, to settle down to some 

definite purpose, needs be given to almost one half of man- 
kind. There are but few persons but would find them elve 
comfortably well off if they would take bold of any one of 
a hundred pursuits and stick to it. Industry and econ- 
omy will make a most wonderful change in many houst 



1 holds. 



BY R. fl. SMITH. 



AMONG the many curious sights that will meet the 
traveler's eye in passing through the Territory of New 
Mexico are some albino Indians, among the Zunis. 

Lest some of the young readers might not understand what 
is meant by the word "albino," I will just explain. Albino 
is a term used to designate a white person belonging to a race 
of dark colored people. It was originally applied by the 
Portugue-e to the white negroes found on the coast of Africa, 
who, although they possessed the negro features and kinky or 
woolly hair, bad skin of a sickly pallid whiteness, and hair of 
a corresponding color. The term, however, is dow applied to 
all those individuals belonging to dark skinned tribes who, by 
some freak of nature, are born white. It is also sometimes 
applied to certain animals that exhibit the same peculiarity, 
such as white elephants, white rabbits, white crows, white 
blackbirds, white mice, etc. 

The albino Indians are of a whiter complexion than the 
generality of Americans or Europeans; their hair is of a 
whitish yellow, while their eyes are of a reddish-pink, or 
rather, to be more definite, the pupil of the eye is a deep 
red, while the iris surrounding it is pink. They are not 
able to withstand the glare of the sun; in fact, some of 
them, especially the women, cannot bear to go out in the 
sunshine, but remain in dark rooms during the heat of 
the day. 

Perhaps the strangest thing concerning these albino Indians 
is that they seem to come in families by chance; that is, their 
parents will be dark, while they will be as fair as our lightest 
complexioned people, i saw in one family of nine children, 
two albinos, which seemed to me very curious, their parents 
were, both very dark, even darker than the generality of 
Indians, and their first child was as dark as themselves. 
Their next was an albino, the two following were dark, then 
came another albino and the remainder of the children were 
all dark. 

Again I saw an albino mother whose first three childrcji 
were dark colored and the next two albinos. 

Again, in another family, where the parents were both 
dark, and had seven children, all were dark ex ept the fourth, 
which was an albino, and the smartest and best-looking Indian 1 

oversaw. Had he been able to speak the English langui 

and taken away from the tribe, 1 think few would ever have 
taken him for an Indian. 

[t may seem strange to some, yet it is nevertheless true, 
that when two of these albinos many, their children are as 

dark as the Other Indians. 

The albino men are of larger stature than the dark rolored 

ones, and seem much more intelligent, docile and gentlemanly 
in their manners and address. Nor do they spend so much 
time in hunting and sporting as the dark colored Indians, 
They seem to take a great deal more interest in raising stock 
and farming than the others, and are noted among their tribes 
a^ being expei ts in sericulture. 

1 have noticed the difference in the care of their flocks and 
herds of sheep and goats; the common or dark Indian, whon 
he comes with his flock to the corral for the nighl shows no 
further concern after the gate is shut or the bars up, bu 1 will 
go immediately to his hut to smoke, lounge about and go sip 

with bis companions, The albino, on the t Irary, on at riving 

at the con al with bis herd, will close them up carefully and 





82 



J*TJ"vTE!ISriI_.E] IITSTBUOTOE/. 




then get in and walk among them to see if any are sick or 
lame and need a little extra attention, or if any of the young 
are List from their mothers; and if they find any such they 
will hunt for hours uniil they find the proper mother and see 
that she will own and eare for her young one. 

The albino women seem rather bashful, and to waut to keep 
out of sight as much as possible, and it is seldom that 
strangers can get them to engage in conversation. Like the 
albino men, they are more polite and genteel in their manners, 
and are more tidy in their houses than the other Indians. 
Their little gardens near the village are also known by being 
in better trim aud more nicely attended than the others. 

I asked many of the Indians the reason for some of them 
being albinos, and the invariably answer was, in substance, 
about as follows: 

"JIany, many years ago we were a white and intelligent 
people, like yourselves. We cultivated the soil and reared 
our flocks in peace, to gain a livelihood. Tnen all was peace 
and joy in our midst, and our people all seemed happy and 
contented, aud we all enjoyed each other's confidence. But 
by and by we began to be proud in our minds and to wander 
from the ways of honor and justice which we under-tood and 
knew to be right, then our minds became darkened and wars 
and tumults arose in our midst, and we robbed and killed each 
other, until not only our minds but our bodies and skins 
became dark as you now see them. We also became smaller 
in stature and of a disposition to only work for that which 
would sustain life, and do as little of that as possible. In this 
way we became burners and fishers, instead of tillers of 
the soil. 

"\~et among our fathers were a fev: good men who died to 
get the people to continue in the right way and live in peace, 
as they once had. The>e men gradually became fewer and 
fewer, until now we think that these white children are the 
remnant of the good people that lived in our father.-,' day and 
wanted them to do right." 



^orrcsjiaiulcnce. 



21st Ward, Salt Lake City, 

March 28, 1878. 
L'tlt'tir JuoeniU Instructor; 

DeaB Brother:— On Sunday last, March 24th, 
the Sunda; school of this Ward united with that ot the 20th 
Ward for the purpose of holding a local jubilee, under the 
direction of the "llieers of the Sunday School Union. The 
scholars an : teachers were formed in procession and marched to 
thi 20th Ward Behoo] house in good style. They were 
a i"i>:ini".l by Bishop Andrew Hurt and his two counselors. 

At I 11 o'clock, precbely, the exercises were commenced by 

both -• 1 "Gather Bound the Standard Bearer.'' 

Di-liup Andrew Hurt offered prayer, after which the schools sang, 
"Go when the _' shineth." 

The 20th and i'1-i "Lessons for Little Learners," cm the history 
of -l iseph Smith, wererepeated by each school, also the "Artich 
ol I dth." The exercises were interspersed with short addresses 
from Brothers (. ■ IdarJ, William Willes, S. L Evans, 

Andrew Hurt and George Reyn Ids. Selections of juvenile sing- 
ing, recitations, etc , were rendered at intervals in a very credit- 
able manner. 

Altogether, the affair was one of intense interest, showing the 
■re manifested by the superintendents and teuchei of 
each school for the welfare of the ri-ing generation. 




After the close of the exercises the 21st Ward school was re- 
formed in procession, marched back to the meeting house and 
there dismissed by the superintendent. 

John H. Burrows, 

Sec. 21st Ward S. S. 



GO PORWABD. 



AfEVER permit yourself to retroeede. It is "as easy as 
ll lying" to go backward, but no true man will ever take a 
step in that direction. Keep your position. Go forward, if 
only a single step in a year; even so little will be something 
gained. Fix your aim ahead and high. Never allow any 
fainting or falling back — never think such a thing possible. 
From to-morrow always be able to look back to where you 
stood yesterday, not to have it look back upon you. 

Continually going forward is to success, so long as it is in the 
right direction. It is the using of time, and not p"rmitting 
it to use you, that marks the true business man. Drive busi- 
ness, but be not driven. Be the master, and not the slave. 
Examine well opportunities, then seize upon them and go 
ahead. 

Keep moving. It is not the hare that loiters, but the tor- 
toise that keeps progressing, who wins the race. Piaying, toy- 
ing along the route will never answer. There must be con- 
stant endeavor, a continual advance; if but a foot to-day, to- 
morrow will add another to the score, and a mile — many of 
them — soon will be covered. Keep moving. The sloth never 
reaches the end of the journey. 

(Jo forward. There it inspiration in doing so. The more 
you conquer, the more easy it will be for you to do so. The 
prize may seem distant, but energy, perseverance and a brave 
heart will gain it. A single step backward makes two to be 
recovered; increases labor and paralyzes endeavor. Everyone 
has (or should have) a sufficiency to do without performing 
labor twice, to say nothing of the cost of so doing, and the 
useless wearing and strain upon life. Bemeruber that false 
and ill-directed effort is almost as bid as the want of effor'. 

Go forward. There is everything, both in this world and 
the next, to tempt you to do so. Beputation, independence 
and wealth lure you onward — never the reverse. It is a grand 
thing to stand head high among your fellows; to compel fate 
to do your bidding, and not be shackled by its stern decrees; to 
wrestle with threatening failure, and come off conqueror in the 
struggle. It is a grand, a glorious recompense to stand upon 
the topmost height and look down into the valley from which 
you have risen; to have meE look up to you; and "not to the 
past, but to the future, looks true nobility, and finds its blazon 
in posterity." 

Go forward. Find something noble and exalted to do. and 
be blessed in the doing. Let each act be an improvement 
upon every one that has gone before. Let to-day be a spur 
upon to morrow. Let there be no turning back when your 
hand has been placed upon the plow. If Alpine heights are 
before you, climb them with unflinching feet and unwearied 
arm. Bemcmber that though mountains may rear their 
inhospitable crests, Borne is beyond for you even as for him of 
old. No matter how mighty the tree, a sharp az and repeated 
blows will bring its towering strength to the ground. The 
blink from which you would carve the statue, around which a 
world may .bow with the homage that genius ever commands, 
may lie dorp in the quarry, but strong muscles will dig it out, 
and the triumph be more- grand for the sweating toil. Noth- 
ing produces nothing. "Enterprises of great pith and 





CT"Cr^7"^lsriI-.E? HTSTBTJCTOB 



83 




moment" are not the work of an instant. The pigments and 
brushes and canvas are given, but the picture comes not with- 
out thought and effort and inspiration, never by standing sill. 



TZHUE GE/USADBS. 



LONG, long ago, Christians used to make pilgrimages to 
the Holy Land from many parts of Europe; but in the 
year 10G5 the Egyptian caliphs (a caliph was so called from 
an Arab word meaning a successor — i. e. , a successor of the 
great Mohammed, who was born in the year 571) were over- 
thrown by the Turks, who treated the Christians in a most 
cruel manner. In those days even Christians used to think 
that it was all right to kill just as many as they could of the 
people who tried to keep them from coming to Jerusalem and 
other parts of Palestine, and so a great maoy people in Italy 
and France, called together by a man named Peter the Hermit, 
started for the Holy Land. But although he was assisted by 
another army, under Y\"alter the Penniless, they didn't f.et 
Anywhere near Jerusalem, because the Turks destroyed nearly 
all of them. Shortly after that an army of Germans shared the 
same fate, ani then an immense company of 200,000 from 
Englanl and the Continent were all destroyed, still leaving 
Jerusalem in the hands of the Turks. 

But all these efforts, you sec, were made without any 
organization in particular, and were not at all skillfully carrii d 
out; but they opened the way to the first real crusade, which 
did not start for some years after the other failures. The 
first crusade consisted of fix splendid armies, made up of the 
very best knights of Europe, commanded by some of the 
noblest princes in the land. They fought their way success- 
fully to Antioch, which fell into their hands after a long siege 
— fix or seven months. Yi'hat did these Christians do but 
massacre all the inhabitants ! 

That does not sound very well now-a-days. Does it? But 
they thought they were doing right, and that makes all the 
difference in the world. They reached Jerusalem at last; but 
out of the 000,000 that started only 40,000 had survived. 

They captured the city after a few weeks' siege (1090), and 
Godfrey, a virtuous and brave m m, and one of the leaders 
from Germany, became king. 

The Christians held the city against the attacks of the 
Mohammedans till the year 1144, when affairs looked so bad 
that a second cru-ado was announced. Two armies, containing 
1,200,000 men, under Louis VII., king of France, and Conrade 
III., emperor of Germany, set out, but on account of the 
treaeheiy of a Creek emperor, Comneus, the crusade failed. 

In 1IS7 the sultan of Egypt captured Jerusalem, and a 
third crusade was organized, and after that a fourth and a 
fifth and a sixth and a seventh, and, in 1270, the eighth and 
last. Sometimes the Christians were successful, hut often- 
times they w^re completely beaten by the Turks and their 
allies. 

But now we come to the Btrangest thing of all. Have you 
ever heard of the children's crusade? 

In the year 1212 an army of 30,000 French children set out 
for the Holy Land by the way of Marseilles. They were 
unarmed, and chose for their commander a boy named Stephen, 
who lived in Veudome. At the same time 20,000 German 

children crossed the Alps at .Mont Cenis and 20, mere a! 

another point. 

Think of it! Seventy thousand children on their way to 
deliver Jerusalem! They seemed to think that by some 
miracle they were to be the means of converting all their 

n 



oppressors to Christianity. This crusade was certainly one of 
the strangest things in history. Did the children succeed? 
They did not. Poor children; some of them wandered back 
to their homes again, their little hearts discouraged and their 
little feet weary with marching, but nearly all of them per- 
ished — some on the way, some by drowning in the Mediter- 
ranean Sea — while all who missed a comparatively happy 
death were sold into slavery. 

Crusade is from a word meaning "cross," and all the 
knights wore crosses, and so pledged themselves to fight for 
the Holy Land. The Templars, of whom you've all heard, 
were so called because they had a house near the supposed 
site of Solomon's Temple. 

The Order was founded for the protection of pilgrims, but 
they grew very rich, and very wicked, some people say, and 
the head Templar and many others were put to death by 
b i ig buined alive. Selected. 



«^» ■ »^»- »» ■ 



PBLI?3PAE,S ^AltSriD CLAYS. 



T!Y .T. L. BAKFOOT. 



FELDSPAR is liable to decomposition; so are granites and 
other roe! ■ containing feldspar. A silicate of potash is 
soluble in water, so is a silicate of soda, so that when rocks 
enntain either of these changeable compounds, they are grad- 
ually dissolved out and c irried away in solution to lower levels. 
When the silicate of potash is leached out of the feldspar 
rocks a silicate of alumina remains; this substance is useful to 
the potter. Porcelain clay (kaolin) is a silicate of alumina, 
that is, quartz and clay in chemical combinatiou. 

Much soft, white, earthy material is found in our mountains 
and plains which contains a large proportion of true clay, 
mixed with lime and other ingredients. The value of such a 
substance depends much upon the proportions. Where 
the silicate of alumina is most abundant it may pay to prepare 
it for u.-e in the arts. The compact white rocks which look 
something like white hard fat are frequently of use for some 
kinds of [lottery. There are some white clays which, although 
of little value for fine ware like porcelain, arc very useful for 
crucibles and fire bricks, as they are infusible, All refractory 
cl.iys are of value for such purposes, whatever the color may 
be. But the true feldspars are what should be sought after. 
They may be known by their inferior hardness to quartz, and 
by the pearl- like lustre on the cleavage faces. Quartz, and 
rocks in which quartz is a chief constituent, seldom have the 
pearl-like lustre alluded to. The parts of our Temple granite 
which have that appearance are forms of feldspar, mixed up, 
not combined chemically with quartz. The quartz has a glass- 
like lustre, and i.- more transparent than the feldspar. If we 
break a piec of granite in two, we will almost be >mx- to see 
the peculiar lustre of the feldspar, and frequently iridi cenl 

Color?, caused by thin plates of feldspar, which vary the play 

of shades according as the light may be reflected or refracted 
by the spar. 

In many of our canyons there are Leautiful rocks in which 
feldspar is a principal constituent; and by taking a piece of 

our Temple granite as a type specimen we may .- i learn to 

distinguish feldspar from quartz, and also from mica, for 
mica, although it may have a pearly lustre (naoreous). it is 
very soft, compared with feldspar. Feldspar docs not effer- 
vesce with acids, in this respect being readily known Ironi 
lime rocks. Kaolin is very seldom liable to effervesce; when 
it does, carbonate of lime is mixed with it. 





S4= 



JXJTB1TILE IUSTRUCTOB. 




OTJE/ SAYIOR'E! PROMISE. 



Words by Geo. Man-waring. 



Music by E. Beesley. 



=P 



-9-m 3 



II 



-4 






-J. 



s= ^i= iWSW^ 



■-\- 
m- 



T 



X m ~ I r — r 

I. \\ here two or three to - geth - er meet. In Je - sus' ho- ly name, This promise 
-. And, trusting in His pre - cious word, To-day we gather here; A hap - py 
3. If two or three H'g words may prove And feel the Spirit's power, Should we not 

-*- -m- ?* .*..£*. *: A -£.: £: »: :£* :ff: _« ~ 
-'» — ■- « — - »m&^m — «g .— »-— j-o — i — n — ' ,— » — i — U — i- — i ,— P-- 



i? 



=t 



giv'n to 
throng who 
claim and 





-J — •« — <*s *~fl» — — ■s>- u — * — L- *|i— *l — m\ — m — J—m 1 1 



them is sweet — They 
love the Lord, Be - 
share His love This 



may His blessing claim: "There will I be, and 
lore Him now ap - pear; And, Oh ! what comfort 
ho - ly, hap - py hour? Yes! we will draw a 



that to 
'tis to 
blessinff 

iff: 



ig^r^ 



SE 



:(=: 



m 



3= 



:t 



t= 



: 9 — I — , — i — ■ *i — I ~ m z 
- *^^-&*-— »— R»- — m — i— ta- 



r 

bless!" 

know 

down, 

•m- 

— P 



— h. 



These 
That 
Re- 
3E 







*=^n:==f > _-q=j 






words, so full of tender-ness, Irorn Christ, our Savior, came. From Chi ist, our 

He will bless His children now, Who un - to Him draw near! Who un - to 

joice in this a Savior's boon, And praise Him ev - er - more. And praise him 

E_tr f- -i — -*- -* 



Savior, came. 

Him draw near! 

ev - er - more. 



*= ;^sx^ 



-f^- -f— -g; -(=- j=- -»- -i — i — -m- -i — •+— -ta- -i — -m- -p* -i— -t- - -^ 



S TJ UST ID .A. "Y" LESSONS 
FOR LIT1LE LEARNERS. 



HISTORY OF JOSF.ril SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON LXXI. 




Q. — When the skiff was brought, who rowed the prophet and 
his companions a iross the river' 
A.— Brother O. P. Rockwell. 

Q. — What took place on tlie morning of the 2:~!rd of June? 

A. — A company of men came from Carthage to Xauvoo to 
arrest Joseph Smith. 

Q. — When they searched and found he was not there, what 
did they do? 

A. — They all returned to Carthage except one man. 

Q. — What did he Bay Governor Ford intended to do, if Joseph 
and Hyrum were not given up? 

A.— Send troops and guard the city until they were found, if it 
took three years. 

Q. — What did Joseph Smith's wife, Emma, do when she heard 
of this report? 

A. — She sent a letter and messenger to him, and wished him 
to return to Nauyoo and give himself up. 

Q. — Did any others go over to try and prevail on him to 
return? 

A. — Ye=, and told him he was a coward if he refused to do so. 

Q. — After lie hud made up hit mind to go back, what remark 
did he make? 

A.— "If my life is of no value to my friends, it is of none 
to myself." 

Q — What else did he jay? 

A.— He said, "Wo shall he butchered!" 

O.— What was the next thing di 

A.— Joseph and Hyrum sent a letter to Governor Ford. 

Q.— What offur did they make the governor? 



A. — To go to Carthage and submit to a trial. 
Q.— On what condition did they make this offer? 
A —On condition that he would send men to guard them to 
head quarters, and secure them a fair trial. 
Q. — Who took the letter to Governor Ford? 
A. — Theodore Turley and Jedediah M. Grant. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 5 is Taxider- 
mist. We have received correct solutions from Peter Mad- 
son, Gunnison; Mary S. Smith, 0. O. Crockett, Henry J. 
Wallace, W. R. Wallace, Salt Lake City. 



Music Cards, "Articles of Faith," Class Registers, and 
other publications suitable for Sunday schools for sale at this 
oSce. 

JTJ^VZEZCTIXjE IlsrSTIRTTaTOIR, 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TE B MS IX ADVA.VCE. 
Singh Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^3J-Office, South Temple Street, One Block West of Taber- 
nacle, Salt Lake City. 




