









VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1S71. 



NO. 4. 



THE IDErjTJC3-E. 






WHEN God placed Adam upon the earth, he gave hiin 
a garden to dress it and to keep it. This was called 
the garden of Eden, and there Adam and Eve dwelt until 
they were turned out for disobeying the commands of 
God. 

There has been a vast amount of talking and writing 
done to prove that the garden of Eden was in Asia, in 
that portion of the continent which lies between the 
rivers Tigris and Euphrates, a little to the east of Pales- 
tine. But it was not there. The Lord has revealed 
through the prophet Joseph Smith that Adam and his 
posterity dwelt in 



North America, 
and the place can 
be still pointed out 
where Adam built 
an altar and blessed 
his children shortly 
before he left this 
world. That place 
iri in Missouri, and 
was known to the 
Latter-day Saints 
when they dwelt 
in that State as 
Ada m-o n d i-A h- 
man. 





Now a great 
many peojjle have 
no fa i t h in the 
revelations of God 
given in these days, 
so they do not be- 
lieve that the Garden of Eden was in America. "Non- 
sense," they say, "is not the river Euphrates mentioned in 
the Bible, jis flowing near the garden of Eden, and is not 
the Euphrates in Asia." True there is a river we call the 
Euphrates in Asia, but is there any reason for us to sup- 
pose there has never been but one river Euphrates on the 
earth. "Why there are to-day five different rivers, in so 
small a place as England, each and every one of which is 
called the Avon. Again how often do emigrants from the 
old countries, call the place they locate in, in remem- 
brance of the loved homes they have left across the wide 
<)cean. Think of the Pilgrim Fathers, many of whom 
dwelt in the eastern counties of JCngland. In those parts 
is a fine city called Boston. When another city was being 
Ijuilt up in this country by these men, they named it Bos- 



ton, in remembrance of the old city of that name in 
Lincolnshire, England. So we have in America cities 
called London, Paris, Madrid, Worcester, Norwich, Ply- 
mouth, all named after cities in Europe. 

Noah, doubtless lived in America, probably not far from 
Adam-ondi-Ahman, and when after the flood, he and his 
children, went ashore on the new land of Asia, they 
would naturally name the seas, rivers and mountains 
they discovered, and the cities they built, after the same 
objects they dwelt amongst before the flood, to retain the 
memories of their old homes. In this manner one beauti- 
ful river got to be 
called the Euphra- 
tes. 

After the death 
of Adam many of 
his posterity f e 1 1 
into darkness; year 
by year the chil- 
dren of men grew 
more wicked until 
tlie days of Noah 
when the eartli was 
full of violence and 
crime. So wicked 
had men became 
in that day that 
the Lord then 
declared to Enoch 
that among all the 
workmans hip of 
His hands the r e 
had not been so 
great wickcduess as among the inhabitants of this small 
earth. For many years Enoch preached the gospel, some 
few listened and obeyed its glad sound, but the most of 
the people were full of the spirit of bloodshed and rapine. 
Rebellion and war, sedition and tumult, anarchy and con- 
fusion reigned amongst the nations. In those da.ys En(<ch 
gathered tlie good together to one place, and they were of 
one heart and mind and dwelt in righteousness, and by 
and by God took Enoch and his people and the city they 
had built to his bosom, but the rest of mankind He cursed 
because of their sinfulness. 

Wlien Zion— for that was the name of Enoch's city- 
was taken from this eartli, but very few of the good re- 
mained here, and those all died one by one or were caught 
up to dwell with Enoch, until of all those who worshipped 



E 



■*^S$c 



^9 



^ 



2G 



JTJ"V^EITILE IISrSTI?/TJOa?OI?., 



I 






God, Xoah and his family alone remained on the earth. 
For many years !Noah preached the gospel, but it was of 
no use, the people had heard it so often from Enoch and 
others that it had no effect upon their sinful natures. At 
hist the Lord told tlie patriarch to build an arli to float 
uijon the waters, anil <^aw him very minute directions as 
to the size, shape and material of the ark, to all of which 
Noah gave attention. Whilst Noah was building the ark 
the wicked would jeat at his labor, ridicule wliat they 
thought was lus folly and gave no heed to his words. By- 
and-liy the set time of the Lord arrived. The ark was 
tinished, tlie work was complete. Then entered Noali 
and his wife, his tliree sons and their wives, and male and 
female of all tlesh, even of all animals dwelling on the 
earth, flying in the air, or creeping on the ground. When 
all had entered, the Lord shut the door. It was tlien that 
the fountains of the great deep were opened and the rains 
in torrents descended. Day after diy did the furious 
storm rage, inch by inch, foot by foot did the waters swell 
on the face of the earth. First tlie valleys were inundated, 
then the low hills were covered, and at hist the mountain 
jH'aks sank from view beneath the world of troubled 
waters. And every living thing, man and beast, bird and 
reptile, that was not in the ark, was destroj'ed. 

The waters prevailed on the earth for the space of an 
hundred and lifty ilays, when the dry land once more 
ai)peared out of the waste of waters on which the only 
thing that could be seen Wiis that one, solitary ark, filled 
witli all that was worth saving of a whole world. .Safely 
it floated over the troubleil waves, far away from where it 
Brst left the dry land, and when the storm W!us stilled and 
the waters sank it rested on Mount .\rarat, and Noali and 
his family came out and once more trod the solid ground 

Some men who tliiiik it is a proof of great wisdom not 
l<> believe anything Ihey cannot fully understand, have 
I'.xpri'sscd doubts as to the trutli of the account given us in 
the ISible of the Hood, which aci-oinit by the "vay, I advise 
you all to read. Yet there is .s< ar 'ely a nation, amongst 
whose traditions I'aniiot be found some idea of tlie Hood. 
It is so Willi the ("hinese, Hindoos. Assyrians, (Jrceks, 
Kiryptians, Mr-xic.ins, I^imauites, the South Sea Islanders 
and in:iiiy others, and fi-om many of these traditions, it 
would appear that in the <!our.se of time Noah cranie to be 

regarded .us a god by his <le8( dants. For you must know 

that even whilst .Ni'tali liveil, men began t<» pervert the 
ways of the (rue (iod, to fall into iil<datry and commit just 
the same kind of sins, for wlib-li the wicked had lieen des- 
Imyed by thi' flood. A few hundn-d years after, in lOgypt, 
ill Clialdea, in .M<'so|Hilaniia and in other places llie Jh'o- 
ple !iad fallen into gross wickeilncss, and woi-shipped 
idols made of wooil and stone. This Wiis (■veil so whilst 
the sons of .Noah who hail lived with him before the 
Hood Were still on tlie rartli, for .Vbrabam w:us born liefore 
Kliem die<l,aiid from this great man, who w;is clothed 
will) lb.' pri.-.thood of his father Noah, did Abraham the 
fath.-roftbe faithful, doubtles.s, receive many of his bless- 
'"'-'*'• (i. K. 

EAST iisriDiA. iv^issioisr, 

IN Sfpu-mbcr. ls.V., a short time before niiitting India 
1 for our homes In Llah, KIders Leonard, Hin.-s ami 
inys4df visited a phwe »omi- (four ko«s) eight miles from 
Kiirraehe*-, in the I'lovinee of ricinde. This place w:us 
• all.-d .Mucirur Peer (.Vi/.'/.r/r/r is the native name of alli- 
gator, and /•< < r is the nnmo given to a decea.scd Mohani- 
mt'dan .taint) and wiui resorted to by numerous foreigni'i-s 
118 well as tialive»). The chief aUractioii at the place Wius 
between Hfty and sixty [Kirtially tame alligators, which 



lived in a low marehy bog, near which stood the tomb of 
the celebrated saint who had died several centuries ago, 
so we were told by the attendant priest. 

So tame were these animals that I approached one from 
behind, and not only touched, but shook him several 
times without making him uneasy. During my famili- 
arity with him he was surrounded by numerous other 
ones, not so old nor as large as lie. He no doubt had had 
a great many fights with his companions, during his life 
time, as he had lost one of his eyes and the first joint of a 
fore leg. 

On the arrival of foreigners at the place, the natives 
would beg money of them, ostensibly to purchase goats 
and sheep for the alligators, which they would throw in 
small pieces to the aninnils in the presence of the 
strangers. The alligators would contend and fight despe- 
rately with one another for these voluntary contributions 
of meat. Many of the presents collected from strangers 
were no doubt kept by the native beggars, who gravely 
told us that the Peer supplied the food they lacked from 
other sources. One of these beggars, after telling us about 
the Peer feeding the alligators, asked us for "boxish" or 
"cherry-merry" (a present), intimating that he was bhot 
bhooka (very hungry), and that he had kooch kupra naj/c 
(no clothing). I told him to ask the Peer to feed and 
clothe him, as he fed the alligators. This displeased him. 

Some years before we reached Kurrachee, one of the 
Muggur Peer alligators was killed by a Mr. MacLeod, and 
by him stuffed for the museum. Soon after this occur- 
rence cholera broke out in tlie European and native towns 
of Kurrachee, from which thousands of all classes died^ 
as the saying is, "like rotten sheep." The superstitious 
and ignorant natives, who hold these animals in great 
reverence, said the cholera was a scourge from tlie 
AIniiglity for killing one of their idols— the alligator. 

Near the tomb were cold and warm springs, which fed 
the marsh, and in which the natives liatlied. The tomb 
was an oven loval I shaiied building, with but one room, 
near the centre of which reposed the remains of the dead 
Peer, and at whose feet we saw an ol<l woman in the 
altitude of |irayer. The room was ornamented with gaudy 
curtains, ostrich eggs, peacock leathers, itc Before we 
eiitereil we were reiiuesled to take oil' our hats and boots, 
which we did. On (piitting the place we paid the alleiid- 
iiin priest a lew pieces of money. 

In going from Kurrachee to Muggur Peer Bro. 1 lines 
and my.self rode an unt (dromedary ), much liUe the one 
now in our museum. Bro. Leonard rode a pony. The 
"unt walla" (camel man) followed on foot, and taking a 
more direct course than we, he got there about the time 
we did. On our return from Ibis "saiiit<'d" place I very 
willingly roile the pony. The camel ride 1 think was the 
most tircsoiiH' one I have ever taken. 

A. M. M. 



.A.£=osTj!k.SY AisriD a?i?.E7^sonsr. 



(CiinliniH (I.) 



VV'VV'Al .\iiialickiali had secureil the cliici' command. In; 
marched with his armies to the city of Nephi, which 
was the chief place in the land of Nejilii. This land and 
city are called Nephi in the Book of Mormon, because it 
w.'ts the land which Nephi and the sons of Ijchi settled, 
but which was .afterwards abaiuloned, and taken [losses- 
sioii of by the Lamanites. As soon as the news of his 
near approach reached the king, exjieetiiig no treason, he 
came out to meet him with his guards. Even the large- 
ness of his nrniy did not jiroiise his suspicions; for, having 
given Amuliekiah the chief command, he 8U]>posed (b;it 



?3^- 



ie^« 



IP 






-t^ 



vJU-V"E3SriI-.E IlsTSTie/TJOTOI^. 



S7 



the troops whicli were with him had all been mustered 
into service for the purpose of making war against the 
Nephites. When Anialickiah saw the king coming out to 
meet hiiu, he sent some of his servants, whom he haJ 
previously instructed, to meet the king; and they went 
and bowed down before him, as if to reverence him. The 
king, of course, according to his custom, a custom which 
they had borrowed from the Nephites, extended his hand 
to raise them up, and, as he raised the first man from 
the ground, he drew a weapon and stabbed the king to 
the heart, killing him instantly. As soon as his servants 
saw him fall, they became alarmed and ran away. At 
this the murderer and his companions raised a cry that 
the king had been stabbed by his own servants, and they 
had fled; and they called on the people around to come 
and see. Anialickiah ordered his troops forward to see 
what had happened to the king. When they reached the 
spot how shocking the sight ! The king lay prostrate in 
his gore. Life was extinct. Anialickiah, when he saw 
his corpse, pretended to be very angry. He breathed 
vengeance against the servants of the king who could, in 
so cruel a manner, kill their master. He called upon all 
who loved the king to pursue those whom he called his 
murderers and kill them. A large number sprang for- 
ward in pursuit of the servants, anxious to avenge the 
murder of the king. But their chase was in vain, for 
when the king's servants saw that they were followed by 
a large body of men, they fled into the wilderness; and 
finally succeeded in reaching the land of Zarahemla, and 
joined a body of Lamanites who had associated them- 
selves with the Nephites. 

By the commission of this crime Amalickiah could see 
the scepter almost within his grasp. Commander-in-chief 
lie already was, and this was an important position at 
such a juncture; for no man could ascend the throne in 
defiance of his wishes. His zeal to punish the supposed 
murderers of the king, pleased the people, and helped him 
to gain their hearts. The next day he marched his troops 
into the city, and took possession of it. He had already 
sent an embassy to the queen, informing her of the mur- 
der of her husband. She was told that he had been killed 
by his servants, and that he (Amalickiah) had sent his 
army in pursuit of them, but they had escaped. She ex- 
pressed an anxiety to know more aliout the manner of her 
husband's death, and sent a message to Anialickiah to 
come and see her, and bring those with him who had 
witnessed the death of the king. According to her desire 
he waited upon her, taking with him the man and his fel- 
low-conspirators wilt) had killed the king. They testified 
tliat the king had been slain by his own servants, and as 
a proof of the trutli of their guilt, they dwelt upon the 
fact that they had ran away. If they had not been guilty, 
why should they flee? By these means Amalickiah satis- 
fied the queen concerning the manner of his death and 
who were his murderers. 

That he might more easily accomplish his design, and 
secure the glittering prize which he coveted, namely, the 
kingly dignity, he resolved to woo the queen and make 
her liis wife. In this he was very successful. A man 
guilty of sucli crimes as he, would not be very scrupulous 
about tlie means he used to accomplish his ends. He 
wormed himself into her affections and married her, and 
by the aid of his agents, who had been liis willing tools in 
murdering the king, he succeeded in obtaining the king- 
<lom, and was acknowledged king throughout all the land 
and among all the people. 

He was now the recognized monarch of the Laman- 
ites. His career of wickedness liad been most successful, 
and had he been C'i'it<!nt with this, he might have retiuned 



possession of power for many years. But he could not 
forget the people of Nophi. He was one of their race; had 
grown to manhood in their midst. The people over whom 
he ruled were alien to him in color, language and breed- 
ing; but he hated his own race with an unquenchable 
hatred, and was determined, if he could, to bring them 
into subjection to him. Like many rulers in 'modern 
times, he did not dare to declare war without his people 
sustained him ;in so doing. Therefore lie commenced to 
create a public opinion among them opposed to the Ne- 
phites. Had newspapers been published there, as they 
are in the United States and in Europe, he would, doubt- 
less, have hired writers to embitter the people's minds 
against the neighboring nation. But he adopted a plan 
which answered eijually well. He sent out men to make 
what we would call stump speeches against the Nephites, 
who sought in every way in their power to Are the hearts 
of the Lamanites against them. By these means he suc- 
ceeded In creating an anxiety among his people for war. 
They were moulded to suit his purpose. He did not care 
how many lives were sacrificed if he could only gain the 
object of his ambition— to be king over the whole land, 
and to reign without a rival from the west to the east sea. 
For the leading officers of his troops he selected apostates, 
who were familiar with the arrangement of the Nephite 
armies, their places of resort, and the weakest parts of 
their cities. These men he knew would fight more 
savagely against the Nephites than the Lamanites them- 
selves would; for it is the nature of an apostate to hate 
strongly, and to fight fiercely against the work and people 
of God. 

But in Moroni, the chief general of the Nephites, Amal- 
ickiah had an opponent that could not be taken by sur- 
prise. He was a man of unconquerable courage and de- 
cision, and an exceedingly skillful engineer and warrior. 
Anticipating a war from the progress of events among the 
Lamanites, he had been preparing his people to the best 
of his ability. He had drilled and strengthened his 
armies; had fortified his cities, taking pains to make those 
places most impregnable which previously had been the 
weakest points to defend. He had used earth fortifications 
very extensively; a material which modern engineers 
have found in many instances superior to any other for 
embankments and works of defence. 

Amalickiah, having collected a very numerous army, 
supposed that it would not be necessary for him to goto 
the war; but that his captains had sufficient ability and 
means to carry it on successfully. He stayed at home, 
probably with the idea of seating himself inoru firmly 
upon the throne, and to keep down disattection among 
his people. The first point to which his army marched 
was a city that had once been captured by the Lamanites, 
and which was supposed to be one of the weakest places 
in the Nephite country. This was what IVIoroni expected 
they would do, so he took special pains to make that city 
secure. And when the Lamanites saw its frowning bat- 
tlements, and that every spot was well defended, they 
were astonished. It was a new system of defence to them. 
They saw at a glance that this war would have to be con- 
ducted upon a difierent plan to any they had ever waged. 
Upon an open plain, or even in an unfortified city, the 
Nephites could not withstand the shock of tlieir numerous 
hosts; but behind these heavy ramparts, they were well 
protected and secure. They could not hope to gain any 
success at this city, so they resolved to march in the direc- 
tion of another city named Noah, which had also in 
former times been a weak place. 

[To tie coH.iMcd.'\ 



M 



I 




J-TJ-VEl^ILE! in^STI^TJOTOI?/, 



■^g^' 






• ®]§^ Sa&nttl^ Ittslntclar, 



^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY IS, 1871. 




E Jesiro, ou tliis oi.r;isiou, through tlie 
eolumn.s of the Jlvknile Instkuotor, 
to have a short talk to the younir folks, 
generally of Utah Territory. Alauy ol' 
thorn do not take our little pajier, but we 

Wv^sfoCy^V%. ^'•'^^ •'" ^^^^ ^'"' *" '''"'^^ *^'^ number to 
any they may know who do not, who are 
able to read it, that they may read this 
"t.ilk.' Our olyeet is ever to do good to 
our young brethren and sisters, but we 
have a special olyect to acx-omplish on the pre- 
sent oceasion. 

All our readers have heard of the discovery, 
in many parts of the Territoiy, of gold and 
silver mines ; and they also know tliat the 
report of these discoveries, whicli hius been sent to 
all part.s of" tlie country, is drawing an immense 
number of men here, whose object is to engage in 
uiniug. 

There is no more evil in working in mines than at any other 
business; but it unfortunately happens, that in mining tor gold 
and silver, men get so greedy for wealth, that many will com- 
mit almost any crime to obtain it; and wherever mining dls- 
tricLs have been formed, and miners in large numbers have 
coUected together, murders, robberies, and acts of violence 
have been ver)- numerous ; and it is very likely tliat, when 
mining operations ou a large scale have iiiirly commenced in 
Utah, ,such crimes will be more eoniraon here. 

It is probable th.it some of our boys and young men, some 
even who read this number of the JrvE.s'ii.K I.nstuuctok may 
get mi.'ced up in troubles of this kind, unless they are guided 
by their parents, bishops or Teachers in all their bu.siness 
tran.sactions and oporation.s. This ought to be their rule of 
contluct on all occa.sions, but especially at this ])eriod of the 
historj- of our pcoi)le and Territor}'. Such a reiiuirciuent may 
seem rather ."tringent ; but the boys of L' tali lack experience, 
and none need, more than they, the guidance and coun.scl of 
older and wiser heads than their own. 

There is another point to which we also ilesire t<j direct the 
attention of our j'oung folks, while on this subject. It is 
customarj- here for them to mingle freely together in .wcial 
parties ; this is also common enough in other communities. 
Hut while amusements arc freely indulged in here and else- 
where, there is a vcrj' wiile difference in the manner of con- 
ducting them. Tn Ut'ih all such gatherings are managed and 
controlled by men appointed to keep strict order and to sec 
that decorum and jiroprioty are not violated in any way ; 
temperance, is also strictly observed. Rut it is very dill'creiit 
elsewhere, for at nearly all pLices of amus<^ment out of L'lah 
the "social gla.ss" is freely indulged in, and decorum and res- 
traint are little respected ; in fact, such i)Iaces are frequented 
Ix-cau-sc licen.se is the rule, and on this account boys and girls 
frc<|uenlly fall into evil practices, and can elate their start on 
the down track to sh.-ime and ruin from going to them. 

\\ ith the great influx into Utah of the riutside clement, 
ever>- effort will be made to introduce the liabits, customs and 



anusements of the world ; and it is to be feared that some of 
our young folks, while in the pursuit of pleasure, will form im- 
proper associations, and thus receive their first lesson in evil. 
Young folks arc fond of pleasure, and they must have fun and 
recreation, and it is right and necessary that they should ; but 
to be productive of good only, they must be discreetly indulged 
iu. 

This is why we fear for them now more than at any previous 
l)eriod of the history of our people. Sloney is likely to be 
more plentiful than for many years, and on eveiy hand there 
will be allurements to attract and lead the inexperienced into 
sinful pleasures ; and our object now is to drop a word of cau- 
tion to our young friends. We say to them, one and all. Be 
guided by your parents and teachers in everything. Remem- 
ber that you are Latter day Saints, — members of the Church 
of Uod, and let your actions, words and pleasures be con- 
sistent with yo\n' calling. Take this course, and the results 
which will be brought about by the Tpresent jdiase of our 
history need be naught save good. 

Upon the minds of the young members of the community 
we desire especially to impress this truth. They are the hope 
of Israel ; upon them the responsibility of guiding and bearing 
off the Kingdom to greatness and independence will fall. If 
they are guided by the counsels of the Lord in all their ways 
while young they will grow to greatness with the Kingdom, 
and their future will be more glorious than they can con<ieive. 
If they through their own wilfulness, make a mis-step and 
fall into sin and wickedness now, their u.sefulness in coming 
time will be curtailed, their happiness dimini.shed, and per- 
chance the seeds be sown ftir a big harvest of sorrow in future, 
instead of peace and joy. 



ADDUESSINd S.\^BB.\T1I-.SCII00L ClIlLDRKN.— No man ought 
ever to address children unless he knows what he is going to 
say, how he is going to say it, and why he is going to .say it. 

1. .lUways use the .simplest, plainest words — mono.syl tables, 
if po.ssible. 

2. Never speak without, like the archer, having a distinct 
object in view. 

3. Allow no side issue to divert you from the object. Tn 
your attempts to capture three rabbits, l)y running first after 
one, then after the second, and then after the third, you lose 
all. 

4. Never tell a story because of its having a laugh in it ; 
and 

.'). Do noi talk a long while, ('hildnni .arc too polite to 
exi)resH dis.satisfaction, though your talk may greatly bore 
them. 

('). Use enough of legitimate illustration or anecdote to hold 
the attention of children, but be very careful that it is appro- 
priate and has sense in it. 

7. Watch the tones of yonr voice. Boys can see as quickly 
as an elocutionist when you have gone from the natural to the 
false, the falsetto to the declamatory ; that is to say, they 
know when you are '"speaking your piece," and thej' will at 
once say to themselves, "I can speak better than that my- 
self" Then it is tim(! for you to sit down. 

8. Nev(!r ask children for iheir attention, nor allow any one 
else to ask it for you ; for, if you do, ten to one the children 
are not at fault, but your.self Say something to rivet atten- 
tion, or stop. 



Bkwakk of evil tliouglits. They liave done great niis- 
cliief in tlic world. JJad woids follow, and bad deeds 
finish the progress. Watch against them, strive against 
them, j)ruy aj^alnst them. Tl»ey prepare the way for the 
enemy of souls. 



^^t 



utti 



»2c 



J" TJ ^ E n^ I H. E IIsrSTI2.TJGTOK/. 



S9 



I=OI=E I^ITJS THIE ItTIIsrTIT. 



THE engraving which we give this week represents the 
present Pope of Rome, Pius IX, and two of his cardi- 
nal«. The Pope is tlie president of the Roman Catholic 
church. Tlie title of Pope was applied to all bishoiM in 
former days ; hut now tlie bishop of Rome only is called 



preside over tlie church is a very erroneous one ; though 
Latter-day Saints can easily understand how it became 
prevalent. The bishopric really belongs to the Aaronic 
priesthood, and it is the Melchisedec priesthood that has 
the right to preside over the church. The bishops of the 



||itmFP'rBn| rwiiiiiii'iTnnij- t^ r,,;»T, i^j^riii | ^r ^ it'i 



•r jjr N n iiT r^'wi™ 




^4. 



by that title. The Roman Catholics look upon the Pope 
:w the successor of St. Peter ; they claiming that St. Peter 
was once bishop of Rome, and that he is the visible head 
of the church. This idea that the bishop has a right to I 



Chureli oT Jesus Cb.rist of Latter-day Saiiils preside, not 
by virtue of their authority .ns Bishops, but because they 
hold the High Priesthood. The Pope or bishop of Rome 
was anciently elected by the people over whom he pre- 



^jl 



J-9 



30 



0" TJ "V E ITI L E I3^ST:E?;TJ0T0I?.. 



sided, but is now chosen by the cardinals ; a vote of two 
thirds being required to elect, and when elected, he holds 
h's office until death. 

The present Pope was born in 1792; his name is Gio- 
vanni Maria Mastai Farretti. He w:is elected June llith, 
1846, by a conclave of cardinals, after a session of forty- 
eight houi-s. He was a man whose sentiments were 
known to be liberal, and his election gave wide-spread 
satisfaction, so much so, that about eighteen months after- 
wards, a meeting of sympathy was held, by Protestant 
citizens in New York, approving of his course. This 
liberality, however, did not satisfy the Romans, and he 
was embroiled in difficulty •x'ith them ; was made a 
prisoner in his own palace, and escaped from Rome dis- 
guised as a simple priest. He, however, was restored 
through the aid of the Catholic powers of Europe. His 
liberal tendencies were thoroushly checked, and since 
then he has been very conservative. The capture of Rome 
by the Italians and the uniting of it with Italy, under the 
sway of Victor JImanuel, strips the Pope of his temporal 
power and leaves him a simple spiritual ruler. We believe 
he has been Pope longer than any of his predecessors, and 
has witnessed many imj)ortant changes. 

In early life Pius IX manifested a keen desire to enter 
the army. To fit himself for this profession, he devoted 
much time to atliletic exercises, and soon became remark- 
able for his military bearing. In his youth he was noted 
for his dandy dress, appearing always in a semi-military 
uniform, wearing boots and spurs, and seldom seen witli- 
out a cigar in his mouth. Being very handsome, withal a 
tolerable poet and good musician, he soon became an 
object of admiration to many, and of aflection to some 
girls; but, altliougli more than one loved him, he aimed 
high and souglit the hand of Elena, daughter of Prince 
Albani. This lady, who is said to have been extremely 
beautiful, at first encouraged young Mastai, but eventually 
married the Colonel of a regiment. The disappointment 
was so severely felt by the young man, that, to alleviate 
his misery, he plunged into dissipation, drank deeply, 
and gambled largely. Two of his uncles resided at Rome, 
and ho was sent there by his parents. Arriving at that 
city, he engaged a very humble apartment, his allowance 
being only a few pounds a month. Xevertheless, so 
fascinating were his manners, and so handsome his person, 
that he soon becjime one of tlie most fashionable young 
men in Rome, and was a constant visitor in the palaces of 
the highest nobles in that city. A successful player at the 
card table his winnings enabled him to live in a manner 
that made him the envy of less fortunate youths, and led 
to adventures not yet entirely forgotten in I{ome. 

IJ.ing disappointed in getting into the army through a 
represeiitiition that he was subject to epileptic fits, his 
sorrow was so great that he was attacked by a dangerous 
.sickness, and on his recovery he determined on becoming 
a priest. He became a very i)opiilar preacher, and his 
perseverance and zeal were so great tliat he was made an 
archbishop, afterwards a cardinal ; and, on the diatb ol 
his predeces-sor in the jiapal chair, be was elevated to I he 
PoiH-'dom. 

Tin: PniKoX E.\iMa>;.s. — Ballooning, though hazardous, 
is still occa-sionally rcsort<.'d U) in communications between 
Paris and Tours; but the regular transmi.ssion of news 
between the two cities is eflected through carrier jiigeons. 
This mode of receiving letters may seem to young i)eo])le 
very romantic and very pretty, but practically it is 
atlenJed with great difficulty and ex|>en.sc. 

The carrier can bear tidings tooneiwint only— its borne; 
and there it must have a nest of young ones. If t lie llight 



be delayed more than two weeks, it will remain about its 
new home, seeming to have forgotten the old one. 

This bird does not carry messages without long and 
careful training. It is taken on journeys of a few miles, 
and then the distance is gradually increased. The letter, 
after being written ou very thin paper, is enclosed in an 
envelope, and tied about the body and under the wings. 
In a long flight the bird will be inclined to divide the 
journey into stages, alighting several times for water. 
While drinking at the shallow streams, it often wets the 
precious missive, rendering it impos.sible to read the writ- 
ing. In order to prevent a desire to wade, the feet are 
bathed beforehand in vinegar to keep them cool. 

"When all is ready, and the carrier is let loose, it .soars 
upward in a spiral line till it has reached a great height, 
when it darts off in the right direction, at the rapid rate of 
thirty miles an hour. How it ac(iuircs a knosvledge of 
the right way we cannot tell. This is one of the myster- 
ies of animal instinct. Some other birds have equal 
powers of vision and flight, but they cannot be trained to 
carry letters. — Selected. 



HITSTOIRY OIF 
O HI TJ K. G H. 

{Contimccd.) 



T h: E 



WHEN twenty-three years of age, he married Miss 
Miriam Works. This was at Aurelius, Cayuga coun- 
ty. New York. He resided altogether at that place eigh- 
teen years, during which period he worked at various 
occupations — carpenter, joiner, painter and glazier. His 
father having taken up his residence at Mendon, Muuroe 
county, he removed there in the spring of 1829. It was 
here that he formed an acquaintance with Brother Heber 
C. Kimball, who was destined to be his close and confi- 
dential companion through the varied vicisitudes of the 
next forty years, and' whose continued intimacy was only 
to be interrupted by death. Brother Samuel H. Smith, a 
brother of the Prophet Joseph, had met with President 
Young's brother Phineas H. and left with him a Book of 
Mormon. This Book the President saw. This was in 
the Spring of 1830. From this time he never lost sight of 
what the world call "Mormonism," though it was not 
until the fall of 1831 that he heard the everlasting gospel 
preached, when Elders Ali)heus GiflTord, Elial Strong and 
others visited Mendon. President Young heard them 
preach, and believed their testimony and the princii)les 
which they taught. The following January, in company 
with his brother I'hinehas and Brother Heber C. Kimball, 
he maile a visit to a branch of the (.'liurch in Columbia, 
Pennsylvania. The journey was a very difficult and try- 
ing one at that season of the year, and they were almost 
discouraged in making it. Still they were repaid for 
tlieir toil and exposure (luring the week they remained 
there by what they learned concerning the gospel. Im- 
mediately after his return from this journey he took his 
liorse and sleigh and started to Canada after his brother 
Joseph who was i)reaching the Metlnxlist doctrine there. 
Upon reaching him and explaining to him what he had 
learned of the gospel in its purity, his heart rejoiced, and 
he returned home with him. 

It was on the Ittli of A)iril, 18.!2, that Brother Brigliani 
Voung was baptized by lOlder Eleazer Miller, who con- 
firmed him a meinlier of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints at the water's edge. It was a cold and 
snowy day, ami his home was about two miles distant 
from the wat<'r, to which he walked without changing his 
clothing. Before his clothes were dry on his back Elder 



1^ 



ii 



CTTJ^ED^ILE IIsTSTI^/TJOTOI^. 



31 



*rl^ 



Miller laid his hands on him, and ordained him an Elder. 
At this Brother Brigham marvelled, yet he felt a humble, 
child-like spirit, witnessing unto him that his sins were 
forgiven. His wife was baptized about three weeks after- 
wards. The following September his wife died of con- 
sumption, and with his two children, he made his home 
at Brother Heber C. Kimball's. Before that month ex- 
pired Brother Kimball took his horse and wagon, and 
accompanied by Brothers Brigham and Joseph Young, 
started for Kirtland, where the prophet Joseph resided at 
that time. On the way they visited several branches of 
the church and exhorted and prayed wit!i them, and Bro. 
Brigham was led to speak in tongues, a gift which he had 
received at Mendon a few weeks after his baptism. When 
they reached Kirtland the jirophet Joseph and two or 
three of his brothers were in the woods chopping and 
hauling wood. In speaking of this interview Brother 
Brigham says his joy was full at the privilege of shaking 
the hand of the prophet of God, he having a sure testi- 
mony, by the spirit of prophecy, that he was a true pro- 
phet. He had at last met a man who could impart the 
knowledge of God and of heavenly things, which he had 
so long sought to obtain. The prophet was happy to see 
them and bade them welcome. They accompanied him 
to his house; and in the evening a few of the brethren 
came in, and conversation was held upon the things of 
the kingdom. Before separating the prophet Joseph 
called upon Brother Brigham to pray, and in his prayer 
he spoke in tongues. When they arose from their knees 
the brethren flocked around the prophet to obtain his 
opinion concerning the gift of tongues which they had 
heard. He informed them that it was the pure Adamic 
language. Some said to him they expected he would con- 
demn the gift Brother Brigham had; but he said, "No, it 
is of God, and the time will come when Brother Brigham 
Young will preside over this church." Brother Brigham 
had withdrawn when the latter part of this conversation 
(iiok place. 

This was a most remarkable i^rediction, yet twelve years 
did not elapse until it was literally fuUilled, and Brother 
Brigham became the President of the Church. After 
remaining about a week in Kirtland, during which period 
they held meetings every night, the brethren returned 
to their homes in Mendon, arriving there in October, 1832. 

Until the following July, Brother Brigham labored dili- 
gently in the ministry in Canada, New York, &c. In 
visiting Kirtland the next time he took with him several 
families, the fruits of his labors. He remained in Kirt- 
land some time, and was almost constantly in the society 
of the Prophet, after which he returned again to ISIendon. 
In September of that year, in conformity to the counsel of 
the Prophet, he made preparations to gather up with his 
children to Kirtland. Brother Heber C. Kimball and 
himself were again traveling companions upon this jour- 
ney. During the succeeding winter he worked hard at 
his former trade, and enjoyed a privilege which he apjjre- 
ciated, that of listening to the teachings of the Prophet 
and indulging in the society of the Saints. One trait of 
Brother Brigliani's character was clearly illustrated upon 
his arrival at Kirtland; a trait which he has always mani- 
fested from his baptism into the Church, namely, un- 
swerving devotion to the cause of God. It was under the 
following circumstances. 

He reached Kirtland in the fall of lS'i3. Many other 
brethren gathered there that same season. Suitable em- 
l)loyment was not easy to obtain, and the pcojilo being 
poor, it was <lini<nilt even when work was done to get the 
j)ay. In eonse(iuenc(( of this, several went od' to the 
neighboring towns to work. Brother Brigham could have 
obtained employment there very readily also ; but he had 



not gathered with the Church for this purpose. He told 
those brethren that he had gathered to Kirtland, because 
he was so directed by the Prophet of God ; and he was not 
going away to other towns to help build up the Gentiles. 
He would stay at Kirtland and seek the things that per- 
tained to the Kingdom of God, by listening to the teach- 
ings of his servants, and he should work for his brethren 
and trust in God, and thought that he would be paid. 
This was his mind upon that subject, and he carried it 
out, and obtained suitable employment. When the 
brethren who had gone out to work for the Gentiles 
returned, he had means, though some of them returned 
with little or none. Thus you see, children, that he was 
blessed by taking the course which the servant of God 
had pointed out. He had enjoyed the society of the 
Saints, the teachings of the prophet and the elders, and 
had been at home ; while those who had gone off had 
deprived themselves of these advantages, and were not in 
as good circumstances as he. 



[For the Juvenile Instruclor. 



OHlLOIE^IIDES.-nsrO. 1. 



WHEN chlorine, an element that has been described, 
forms compounds that are not acids, they are called 
chlorides. We have seen that a chloride of gold can be 
formed by dissolving gold in aqua regia (nitro-muriatic 
acid.) 

Silver may also be brought into the form of chloride in 
a very simple manner by dissolving nitrate of silver in 
distilled water, and then adding to that solution a solution 
of common salt. Instantly there will be seen a white 
curdy substance, which is the chloride. This experiment, 
like many others in chemistry, should not be idly looked 
upon, as we would look upon a toy, it should excite pro- 
found attention, and lead to enquiry as to the causes that 
produce observed phenomena. 

The -science of chemistry is based on experiment, and 
has arisen from deductions made from facts discovereil. 
Chemical experiments are the means of discovering 
chemical affinities, a correct knowledge of these affinities 
and of the various changes bodies undergo in consequence 
of these affinities is the foundation of all real knowledge 
of chemistry. 

By experiment we learn that some bodies have an 
affinity to each other, that is, we learn that on presenting 
them to each other they combine and form a body that is 
diflerent to either. By the same means we learn that 
some bodies are repellant to each other, they will not 
combine, nor can they be made to unite to ft)rm a third 
substance. 

In the above experiment we observe that a change takes 
place on mixing the two solutions; the mixture becomes 
opaque; a white curdy substance is seen which separates 
and falls to the bottom. We know the con-^tituents of the 
two solutions, one is nitrate of silver (Ag. O, NoO), the 
other is chloride of sodium (Na. CI.) by paying attention 
to the reaction that takes place, and understanding the 
causes of that reaction, we may learn the nature of simi- 
lar chemical changes. When these solutions are brought 
together, the silver of the nitrate unites itself to the chlor- 
ine of the common salt, at the same time the metal sodium 
combines with the nitric acid of the nitrate. These 



-h. 






^, 



^: 



^ 



S3 



a"TJ^EisriXjE in^STie/TJOTOK/. 




changes may be better seen in the equation: Ag. O, N50; 
Na. bl, equals NaO, X50; Ag. 01. Here we see that 
one metal takes the plaee of another; the ehloritle of 
sodium ceases to exist, as such, and the nitrate of silver 
changes in a similar manner; there are thousands of such 
changes constantly occurring in the great laboratory of the 
universe. 

"We have many natural chlorides found in this Territory, 
the most im])ortant is our "rock salt" and our "salt from 
the lake." They are very pure chloride of sodium. "We 
have also sal-ammoniac, this comes from our volcanic dis- 
tricts, it is uncertain whether this is to be obtained in 
large quantities, or, it would be veiy valuable. This salt 
is a chloride of ammonium (N4H, CI.) here the chlorine is 
united to the vohitile body known as "ammonia," the 
pungent principle of our smelting salts (J\3H). In a 
similar manner to the preceding experiment, these chlor- 
ides undergo changes, the IICl. can be removed from sal- 
ammoniac and replaced by C20, forming the carbonate 
of ammonia; this may be done by adding the carbonate of 
l)ot:issa {KO, CJO), or the carbonate of lime (CaO, C20). 
Witli the latter substance an interesting reaction takes 
place, as may be seen by the formula: X4H CI. plus CaO, 
C20 etpials SUl, O, C-'O plus Ca. CI., that is an atom of 
nitrogen combined witli four atoms of hydrogen and one 
of chlorine ("sal-ammoniac," or hydro-chloride of ammo- 
nium) being acteil upon by an atom of calcium unitcil with 
oxygen (lime), in combination with an atom of carbon 
united to two atoms of oxygen (carbonic aci<l), by the 
reaction consecjuent thereon becomes a hydrated carbonate 
of ammouiii and eliloride of calcium. 

J5i:th. 



[For the Jarciufc Instlrinhir. 



\A^ 1 1 \'V is our religion".' To live our religion is to do the 
'' will of (iod a.s revealed to His Prophets, in these and 
former days. One part of our religion is to try to make 
othei-s happy ; to do the least act of kindness that may 
present itself to our view. To love and pray for our ene- 
mies, to do good to those who dcsi)itefullj' use us and to 
love our neighbors as ourselves are great concerns in our 
religion. Also to |iut our trust in (!od and to love Him 
with all our might, mind and strength. In order to live 
our most holy religion we must not neglect to pray very 
often and earnestly, for this is our chief dependence. We 
hliould pray jirivately as there can be no hypocrisy in 
that. Let us rememlier how our l>ord and Savior, .Jesus 
Christ, who enduriMJ and overcame all things and is now 
enthrone<l in nnijesty on high, himself trml tlie hunilile 
path of jirayer. The Kcrlptures .say He farted and prayed 
forty days. 

We sliouW all observe to keep the word of wisdom as it 
is revealed to the servants of the Lord as being His will 
eoMcerning us. We should seek wisdom conlinnally, 
which will enable us to "live by every word proeeeiling 
from the mouth of (Jod ;" for, as the poet words it: 

\l is a straight and narrow way, 
That leads to the C( lestial city. 

We hIiouIU live our ndigion aeeording to (ho best light 
we have and then tlie light within us will daily increase^ 
until we shall be enabled lo live in ii perfect manner .anil 
without sin. A. W. 



To bring forward the bad actions of others lo excuse our 
own, is like wu.-hing ourselves in uuid. 



True Politeness.— A poor Arab going through the 
desert, met with a sparkling spring. Accustomed to brack- 
ish water, a draught from this sweet well in the wilder- 
ness seemed, to his simple mind, a present fit to otl'er to 
the caliph. So he tilled his leatlieru bottle, and, after a 
weary tramp, laid his humble gift at his sovereign's feet. 
The monarch, with the magnanimity that may put many 
a Cliristiaii to blush, called tor a cup, and tilling it, drank 
freely; and, with a smile, thanked the Arab and presented 
him with a reward. The courtiers pressed eagerly around 
for a draught of the wonderful water, which was regarded 
as worthy of such princely acknowledgement. To their 
surprise the caliph forbade tliem to touch a drop. Then, 
after the simple-hearted giver had left the royal presence, 
with a new spring of joy welling up in his heart, the 
monarch thus explained the motive for his prohibition. 
"During this long journey, tlie water in his leathern 
bottle has become impure and distasteful; but it was an 
otl'ering of love, and as such 1 ai^cepted it with pleasure. 
I feared, however, that if I allowed another to taste it, he 
would not conceal his disgust. Therefoi'e it was that I 
forbade you to partake, lest the heart of the jsoor mau 
should be wounded."— iScfccfcc?. 






LI'\^II>rC3- IFOi^ OTHIEIRS. 



Would you have a thread of beauty 

liUuning tliro' your happy dax s. 
From the n>sy glow of luurniug 

To the twiligbl's pur|)le haze? 
Would vou liavii your golileii iioontlilu 

Crowned with blessings bright and iinre? 
Would you learner up a treasure 

Wtiioli I'orovt r shall endure? 

Oil ! then early heed the lesson, 

" Sti otic . ivet/t to /imi-srlf:^' 
Anil the soul needs betler riehes, 

Than earth's fleeting, soidiil pelf, 
(ientle words and deeds of kindness, 

Are sweet blossoniK tbat will east, 
An undying, prei-ious fragrani-e, 

O'er Hie pathway of the Past. 

lletrts that thrill with earnest yeaiiiin;^, 

For the nohle and the true; 
Hands that shrink not from the labor. 

Which liod giveth Iheiu lo do; 
Fei't that never tire or falter, 

Tho' Ijilo's rugged hills they climb — 
These can make the trivial duty, 

And the lowly late sublime ! 



Is published in (Salt Lake C'ity, Utah Territory, 
KVEItV OTJIIOll SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

A'inr/lc O/jii/, per Annum Sli .'jd. 

ISitijle Oijiij, Jur tiij: Months 1 SO. 

**- <;rain broiijilit In tliin City for tlli- .IllVKN'Il.K iNSTKItl^ToK will bt 
rictiviU ut the ollicf ol our imiiii— DtsiciiiiT Ki;w« lieiLm.NG.s. 



If^-tJ*- 




