






(PUBLISHED SEMI-MONTHLY,) 




An Illustrated Magaxi 1 ^ 

DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUNG. 



George Q. Cannon, Editor. 




No. 13. 



"*^^^S^m^, 



CONTENTS: 



vol. 10. ^;%^ 




U'hi'<'l-Hiirri)u>, (Illustrated.) 

Tlie I. M II <l in- of Temples, by W. J. 

Keeping hit* Word. 

Our Theological Clans, by Uriel. 

Topics of the Times, by The Editor. 

IJeterct S. S. Union Meeting. 

Tampering Willi Temptation. 

Editorial Thoughts. 

The CoIokmus of ithoiles.. (Illustrated.) 



A Glimpse of Ancient History, by J. 1[. \V. 

Tools of Great Men. 

Lessons for the I. in le Ones. 

Speak Kindly, by .(. < 

E»rlh's Creatures, by Undo Zcph. 

How to Ret u in u Fuvor. 

When Evening Comes we Walt for Thee, 

Words :in<\ Music by E, F. Parry, 
Charade, by 1'. M. Smyth. 



wi 







Published by Geopge Q. Cannon, 

AT SALT LAKE CITY, U. T. 

Office, South Temple St., between First and Second West Sts. cS^JSfc. ^' "-> ™< ', ' ■•-* 




«gs 



■->■ 



gooc 



NEW PUBLICATIONS OP THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR OFFICE. 



.. 



^i^rrm^? 



mm 




SHOWING THK ^ 

-^_"bs\3.rd.ities of In.fid.elit3r 

A\n mi: 

HARMONY OF THE GOSPEL WITH SCIENCE AND HISTORY. 

BY J. II. WARD, 

Author -■!' "The Hand of Providence." 



This book contains a great deal of useful information, and is illustrated with numerous engravings; and the object for which 
it was written— to show the lollies of skepticism and to warn the youth of its dangers— is sufficient to recommend it to every 
honsehold. 



AN EPIC P 



A Synopsis of tin- Rise of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, from the Birth of the 
Prophet Joseph Smith to the Arrival on the Spot which the Prophet Brigham Young pronounced to 
be the Site of the Future Sail Lake City. By Hannah Tapfield King. 



Price, in Cloth Binding, 50 Gents; Paper Cover, Q"> Cents. 



THE HAND-BOOK OF REFERENCE 
To the History, Chronology, Religion and Country of the 
LATTER-DAY SAINTS. 

■yone who can read should possess a copy for Btudy and reference. It is a mosl valuable addition 

to the < Shurch Publications, 

!, POSTP^IID, SO CEZLTTS. 



The M u-i'-al Portfolio of anj' Choir Among the Saims is Not Complete 

withoul at Least Several Copiee ••! 

. CHOIR MU8I0. 

This Excellent Book contains the Beautiful Hymns and Anthemd sung al our last Semi- 
Annual Coni and which ore pronounced by competent judges to be tin Beel Collection 

of the kind Ever Published. 

ONLY 30 ( BNTS PER COPY. 

ORSON PRATT'S WORKS 

The Excellent Writings of this righteous man and remarkable Apostle are 
again placed within the reach of all A Neat Volume of 314 pages for 
75 Cents 




VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 1, 1884. 



NO. 13. 



W H E E L-B ARROWS 



TT is unnecessary to tell our readers what a wheel-barrow is. 
A I think every one of them has seen this one-wheel con- 
veyance ; and no doubt many of them have had the privilege 
of pushing one along the streets, or the honor of riding in 
one while some one else did the pushing. But if you have 
not seen one of these "push-carts" you should take notice as 
you go along our public streets. You will frequently find one 
resting on the side- 
walk near a shade- 







tree, with a boy 
close by lying on 
his stomach, in the 
grass that grows on 
the bank of the 
ditch. If the 
wheel-barrow hap- 
pens to be empty, 
the boy who uses it 
will be sure to find 
some-body to ride 
in it, and away he 
goes at full speed. 
It is a peculiarity 
of boys to dislike 
profitable work, 
but they will do 
any amount of use- 
less labor for what 
they call fun. I( 
you want to keep a 
boy employed, just 
make him believe 
the work is fun or 
mischief, and you 

will have no more "-C*'v-> > " -. i_-if -^ . 

trouble with him. Most boys are by no means lazy. They 
will work bard all day, especially if they get that which suits 
them, and what they like host iSBOmethin^ that requires con- 
siderable muscular exercise, such as a game of ball. 

Bat I am forgetting the subject upon which I first started. 
Wheel-barrows always remind me of boys.'.bccau-c when I was 



a boy I had a wheel-barrow, or rather I had to push one. I 
would much rather have had a horse and cart, although they 
would have cost more to keep. Wheel-barrows however are 
not healthy, for when a boy pushes one with a load on about 
half a mile without stopping it makes him sweat ; then he 
lies on the cold ground and gets the colic. This is the reason 
boys don't go one block with a loaded wheel-barrow without 
^ifmSmX stopping six times. 

W h e e 1-barrows 

are, after all, very 

-p==, useful. They can 

be put to good ser- 

___ vice in many ways. 

They are indispen- 

M'| sable to those who 

=§sM, have gardens to 

Ji'j cultivate. Miners 

j and many others 

I find them quite 

) handy. They re- 

i quire no horse to 

draw them, and are 

' always ready for 

use. 

In this country 
they are not con- 
sidered a very de- 
sirable means of 
conveying passen- 
gerS from place to 
jj place — they travel 
too slowly. The 
people of China, 
however, who are 
noted for their 
patience, have used wheelbarrows for this purpose for many 
years. They are also used for other purposes, as yon will see 
by looking at the picture. I cannot tell what business this 
Chinaman follows. You may bo able to if you oan decipher the 

characters on the tide of the wheel barrow. Perhaps lie is a 

peddler, and practices the profession of dentist at the same 



(?) 



-ggffig 




194, 



CTTT^riEIDTIXjIE] IWSTRTJGTOR, 




time, as he has some instruments attached to the side of his 
cart. Id Japan, and perhaps in China, too, the dentist trav- 
els around the country extracting teeth for those who desire 
it. His instruments consist of a mallet and a few chisels. 
But by hammering and prying he manages to get the annoy- 
ing teeth out, and sometimes a jaw-bone as well. 

The wheel-barrow shown in the picture is quite different to 
the ones familiar to us. This one has the wheel placed under 
the center of the load so that it is balanced. But if there 
was no sail attached, or if the wind ceased blowing, it would 
require more strength to push it along than one such as is 
used in this country. This wheel-barrow would serve as a 
model for one who has inventive ability to pattern after. 
With the addition of legs upon which to stand when the per- 
son using it wishes to rest, it would be much easier to push 
than the other style, providing the wind could be raised at any 
time required, and in the right direction. One might make a 
fortune manufacturing them for trade, like the one in the 
engraving. The only objection one might have for such a 
wheel-barrow would be when the wind was too strong. Then 
the contents of the barrow would be thrown to the ground, 
and the pig-tailed celestial would be hoisted a few feet in the 
air, and would land very abruptly upon the remains, thus 
making a total wreck of the whole business. 

Tom Tom. 



THE BUILDING OF TEMPLES. 



BY W. J. 




TEMPLE building is a noble and God-like business. Build- 
ing a house of God, and for God, is strange, yet natural 
— strange to those who know not of the plan of redemption, 
yet perfectly natural to those who understand it. As the earth 
is the Lord's, why should He not have a hou s e upon it? And 
why should He not introduce into that house a little of His 
own style of architecture? Certainly, He should have a 
house upon it, and it should be built as He wants it, or it 
would not answer His purpose — it would not suit Him. He 
well understands the plan of salvation. He knows what 
ordii ances must be administered in a Temple, both for the 
living and for the dead, to prepare them to enter His presence 
and enjoy His glory. Man knows nothing of these things 
without revelation, hence our Heavenly Father has designed, 
in this dispensation, to instruct His servants to build Temples, 
and He has shown us how to do it, and they are rearing 
Temples to Bis most holy name; the Latter-day Saints are 
ming tlii- glorious work to the acceptance of their Father 
and God. 
11 '■'■ man] Temples have been built upon the earth previous 
pr< n) c ntury is not generally known. This state- 
is made with reference to the Temples of God. Scrip- 
turcand tradition generally furoish us butfew, among which was 
S ilomon's. But wc> have very good reason for believing that 
then: were many. In the first three chapters of the first 
I we read of persons going up to Shiloh, 
yearly, (o worship and to ■ G -es to the Lord of hosts; 

of Eli the Priest sitting "by a pos( of the Temple of the 
Lord;" of Hannah taking Bundry offerings and her child 
el "unto the bouse of the L ird in Shiloh ;" of the crime 
nt Eli's Bons '"at the door of the tabernacle of the congrega- 



tion;" and what occurred? "Ere long the lamp of God went 
out in the Temple of the Lord, where the ark of God was ;" 
and this was nearly one hundred and seventy years before 
Solomon's Temple was dedicated — all of which justify the 
inference that there was at that time a Temple, or house, 
or tabernacle, in which the Priesthood administered, 
and in which the "ark of God" was preserved till the Philis- 
tines took it from the camp of Israel. In the seventh chap- 
ter of the second book of Samuel we read: "And it came to 
pass that night, that the word of the Lord came unto Nathan, 
saying, Go and tell my servant David, Thus saith the Lord, 
Shalt thou build me a house for me to dwell in? Whereas I 
have not dwelt in any house since the time that I brought up 
the children of Israel out of Egypt, even to this day, but 
have walked in a tent and in a tabernacle." Now, with regard 
to this, it is legitimate to ask, did the children of Israel build 
a Temple in Egypt? It is presumable, too, that the people of 
Enoch built Temples to the Most High wherein they received 
keys and powers preparatory to their translation. And we 
must not forget that the Book of Mormon informs us that a 
temple was built upon this continent in about twenty years 
after the Nephites located upon it, and nearly six hundred 
years before Jesus came as the "Babe in Bethlehem ;" and it 
is probable that this was not the only Temple built by the 
Nephites, and that the Jaredites built Temples at an earlier 
period upon this land of Joseph. 

In this last and most glorious dispensation of our Heavenly 
Father to His children upon the earth, this important work 
of building Temples has been renewed by the command of 
God. Joseph Smith, the prophet, being inspired by the 
Holy Ghost, was led to exclaim: "Lord, when will the wil- 
derness blossom as the rose? When will Zion be built up in 
her glory, and where will Thy Temple stand, unto which all 
nations shall come in the last days?" And his prayer was soon 
answered by a revelation given in July, 1831, in which the fol- 
lowing words occur: "Behold the place which is now called 
Independence (Jackson county, Missouri), is the center place, 
and the spot for the Temple is lying westward, upon a lot 
which is not far from the court-house;" and the site of that 
Temple was dedicated Aug. 3, 1831, "which Temple," the 
Lord declared in September, 1832, "shall be reared in this 
generation; for verily, this generation shall not all pass away 
until a house shall be built unto the Lord, and a cloud shall 
rest upon it, which cloud shall be even the glory of the Lord, 
which shall fill the house." 

In June, 1833, the Lord required another temple to be 
built, the corner stones of which were laid in Kirtland, July 
23, 1833, and it was dedicated March 27, 1836. 

July 3, 1837, ground was broken for a Temple at Far 
West, Missouri, and the corner stones were laid July 4, 
1838. 

The corner stones of the Nauvoo Temple were laid April 6, 
1841. The baptismal font thereof was dedicated November 8, 
1841. This was a temporary font for immediate use. There 
were partial dedications of the Temple November 30, 1845, 
Apr.l 30, and May 31, 1846, and it was burnt November 19, 
1848, by Joseph Agnow, for a purse of $500, made up by 
jealous and malicious neighboring towns. 

< I round was broken and site dedicated for the Temple at 
Salt Lake City, February 14, 1853, and the corner stones 
thereof were laid April G, 1853. 

Ground was broken and site dedicated for the St. George 
Temple November 9, 1871, and portions of it were dedicated 





J- TT "VIE IINT I LIE IITSTRTJCTOR, 



195 





January 2, 1877, the full dedication taking place April 6, 
1877. 

Manti Temple site was dedicated April 25, 1877, and the 
corner stones were laid April 14, 1879. 

Logan Temple site was selected May 17, 1877, ground 
broken and site dedicated May 18, 1877, corner stones laid 
September 19, 1877, and Temple dedicated May 17, 1884. 

The critical objector may remark that "some of the Temples 
referred to have not been built." True, but they -will be, in the 
Lord's time. God's purposes fail not. He may also add that 
"not even the first Temple named, viz., that in Jackson 
county, Missouri, has not been erected yet." This is true, 
also; and what great wisdom was displayed by the Lord in 
this matter, seeing that His people must be away from there 
many years fulfilling the ancient prophecies, getting much 
experience in Temple building, among other things and thus 
preparing themselves to build the most magnificent Temple to 
be built in this generation, namely, that in Jackson county, 
Missouri ! He may also urge that the Temple in Salt Lake 
City has taken a long time and considerable means to get it 
up to the square. Very true, comparatively, but let him 
reflect that the Saints were few in number in an early day in 
this Territory, and impoverished by drivings, mobbings, rob- 
bings and persecutions, having to contend also with all the 
disadvantages of a new and desert country. Let him compare 
the circumstances of the Saints with those which Solomon 
was placed in when he built a temple of Grod. Solomon had 
3,300 men as overseers, 80,000 "hewers in the mountains," 
70,000 "that bare burdens," 10,000 "getting Cedar and Fir in 
Lebanon," besides a large number of men who worked with 
this 10,000 of Israel, and for whose services Solomon annu- 
ally paid Hiram, king of Tyre. {I. King Hi,) Besides this, 
David, his father, had provided in his day, gold, silver, brass, 
iron, and precious stones, and had given a private donation of 
"three thousand talents of gold," and "seven thousand talents 
of refined silver," valued at over $85,000,000. [I. Chron. 
xxix, 4.) This donation, together with the donations of the 
chiefs and princes of Israel, amounted to £907,782,156, 
according to a calculation published by the Church of Eng- 
land Quarterly Review some years ago. Just think of it, 
$4,402,743,456,60 laid up beforehand to build aTemple ! Yet, 
notwithstanding this large and almost inconceivable amount 
of gold and silver was prepared, and a vast army of 163,300 
men, besides those engaged of King Hiram, preparing mate- 
rial, to say nothing about the many mechanics engaged in put- 
ting up the building, it took seven years to complete it. (I. 
Kings vi.) It took forty-six years to re-build the Temple at 
Jerusalem. {John ii, 20.) Therefore, let these and all effect- 
ing circumstances be taken into consideration, and let silence 
reign in regard to time and means expended in rearing the 
Temples of the Most High God. 

This is pre-eminently a Temple building age. This con- 
tinent is peculiarly a land of Temples. Upon this continent 
steps have been taken, during about a half century, to rear 
eight Temples, four of which have been sufficiently completed 
to be used for the glorious purposes for which they were built, 
two others will be completed in the near future, and the other two 
will be built when the Lord says "build them." Scores and hun- 
dreds of Temples will be built on this favored land of Joseph. 
These labors will be performed with a willingness that will 
surprise the world, and give joy to the world, and for the sal- 
vation of honest but slumbering millions of many generations. 
All that mortals can do must be done, and the Priesthood 
behind the vail will do the rest — they will come into the 



Temples of God bringing with them lists of the names of the 
honorable and obedient dead. These will be officiated for 
upon the grand vicarious principle upon which the redemp- 
tion of man is based. Those acting substitutionally will 
become saviors upon Mount Zion. The dead will be delivered 
from their prison house. The living will be endowed with 
power from on high. The living and the dead will be prepared 
to pass the angels and the Gods to their exaltations. And 
the honest, the obedient, the faithful, and the redeemed of 
the family of Adam, belonging to this earth, will be bound 
together in the heavenly patriarchal order, as a part of the 
great family of the heavens, to enjoy the bliss of celestial 
union forever and ever. 



KEEPING HIS WORD. 



T^HE saying, "to be faithful in little things is something 
-*- great," is no where more true than in regard to keeping 
engagements. Sir Walter Napier kept his word for the 
sake of a child, yet perhaps, he received the greater 
benefit of the two ; for a good act builds up a character, and 
this will be long remembered to his praise : 

While walking one day he saw a little girl about five years 
of age, who was sobbing bitterly, while gazing in dismay at 
the remains of a broken dish lying at her feet. He kindly 
asked the cause of her grief. 

"I was bringing my father his dinner," she said, "and I 
shall be beaten when I go home for having been so careless." 
But, on seeing the benevolent expression of the old soldier, 
a ray of hope revived, and she said to him with all the naivete 
of youth, "Can you not mend it for me?' 

The general could not undertake to do that, but he said he 
would give her the money to buy another, and took out his 
purse for that purpose. Unfortunately, it happened that he 
had no small change, and so he promised to come back the 
next day, at the same hour, and give her the promised sum, 
and the child went away quite comforted, and trusting in his 
word. 

On going home, the general found an invitation to dinner 
for the following day, when he would meet some friends whom 
he was very desirous of seeing. But the place was at some 
distance from the town where he was then living, and how 
could he avail himself of the invitation without disappointing 
the little girl? So he declined the invitation on the score of a 
previously made engagement, preferring to lose the pleasure 
of seeing his friends rather than disappoint the little girl who 
had trusted him. — Ex. 



Short settlements make long friendships. The frequent 
balancing of accounts in business is a sure preventative of 
incurable alienations, and in cases of actual misunderstand- 
ing, all the manuals of good manners ever written contain 
nothing so complete as the simple rule of Christian ethics — 
"If thy brother trespass against thee, go and tell him his fault 
between thee and him alone." 

Personal and prompt explanations between the parties, 
without any communication with others, would settle the 
greater part of the obstinate quarrels which disgrace civilized 
society. 





196 



O'TJ'V^EIsriLE UNTSTRTJOTOR. 




ulicolonical 8tai 



SESSION TEN. 



BY UBIEL. 






IT is a mistaken notion that religion is to prepare us to die. 
It is no such thing. Pure and true religion teaches us how 
to live to-day that we may become everlasting beings. By 
our obedience to the principles taught by the Savior, we are 
redeemed from death, hell and the grave, and become the 
heirs of life everlasting through our obedience to all the laws 
of God that He has revealed. Tbe Lord Jesus Christ said, 
"I am the resurrection, and the life : he that believeth in me, 
though he were dead, yet shall he live. And whosoever 
liveth. and believeth in me shall never die." (John .ci, 25.) 
Now it may be asked how can the dead believe? We will 
answer by asking another question: What is death? It is 
the separation of the body and tbe spirit, is it not? Solomon 
said in speaking of death, "Then shall the dust return to the 
earth as it was : and the spirit shall return unto God who gave 
it." [Ecclesiastes xii. 7. | This gives us to understand that 
the spirit is a living intelligence, capable of hearing and believ- 
ing, and the possessor, although having died in ignorance of the 
principles of the gospel, can be taught and converted so as 
to erjjoy the blessings of the resurrection. But such persons 
dying in ignorance are under the dominion of death, hell and 
the grave, because they have not accepted the conditions by 
which they may be redeemed from them. But when we accept 
the offer of mercy and are born of water and the spirit and 
live the principles of the gospel, we have passed from death 
unto life, and death, hell nor the grave has no dominion 
over us. 

Christ told His disciples that those who believed and 
accepted the gospel should be saved ; but those that believed 
not should be damned. He says the same to-day. Well, but 
how is this? Why should they be damned? It is on this 
principle: the inhabitants of the world are called upm by 
proper authority to repent and worship the lining and true 
God. Those who receive tl»c message receive by baptism the 
remission of their sins and pass from death unto life, as 
explained, while those who reject the message die in their sins 
and are consequently under condemnation or damnation, and 
have to pay the penalty of their sins under the dominion of 
death, hell and the grave. If they had hearkened, obeyed, 
and endured unto the end in the kingdom of God they would 
have been redeemed from .-in and their garments made clean 
and white in the blood Ml the Lamb through their obedience 
to the principles that lie taught wen- necessary for eternal 
live- in the presence of the Father. There are no two roads 
to endless lives. Obedience and humility are required alike of 
king or peasant. 

In order to make a success in the science of theology we 
must seek first the kingdom of God, and Hi- righteou 
The Apostle .Join, ■ i .e not the world, neither the 

[hat are in the world. If any man love the world, the 
love of the Father i- not in him. For all that is in the world, 
the lust of the flesh, and the lust of the eyes, and the pride 
of lit- the Father, but is of the world. And the 

world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that 
the will of i iod abideth forever." [l.Johnii, 15-17.) 1'hi- 
i- a plain, emphatic reason why we cannot make a -m ■■ - in 



this science and love the things of the world, for the love of 
the world leads to death. We will now quote from the Pearl 
of Great Price, the writings of Moses, as revealed to Joseph, 
the Seer, in December, J 830 : "And He (God) called upon 
our father Adam by His own voice, saying, I am God: I made 
the world, and men before they were in the flesh;" referring 
to our pre-existence, for God is the Father of the spirits of all 
flesh, "And He (God) also said unto him, If thou wilt turn 
unto me, and hearken to my voice, and believe, and repent of 
all thy transgressions, and be baptized, even in water, in the 
name of my Only Begotten Son, who is full of grace and 
truth, which is Jesus Christ, the only name which shall be 
given under heaven, whereby salvation shall come unto the 
children of men, ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, 
asking all things in His name, and whatsoever ye shall ask, it 
shall be given you." Can anything be plainer or more simple 
than this? It seems that if anyone really desired to know 
the way of life they are answered, but the context is still more 
plain showing why it is so. "And our .Father Adam spake 
unto the Lord, and said, Why is it that men must repent and 
be baptized in water? And the Lord said unto Adam, 
Behold I have forgiven thee thy transgression in the garden 
of Eden. Hence came the saying abroad among the people, 
That the Son of God hath atoned for original guilt, wherein 
the sins of the parents cannot be answered upon the heads of 
the children, for they are whole from the foundation of the 
world. 

"And the Lord spake unto Adam, saying, Inasmuch as thy 
children are conceived in sin, even so when they begin to grow 
up, sin conceiveth in their hearts, and they taste the bitter, 
that they may know how to prize the good. And it is given 
unto them to know good from evil; wherefore teach it unto 
your children, that all men, everywhere, must repent, or they 
can in no wise inherit the kingdom of God, for no unclean 
thing can dwell there, or dwell in His presence; for, in the lan- 
guage of Adam, Man of Holiness is His name; and the name 
of His Only Begotten, is the Son of Man, even Jesus Christ, 
a righteous judge, who shall come in the meridian of time. 
Therefore I give unto you a commandment, to teach these 
things freely to your children, saying, that by reason of trans 
gression cometh the fall, which fall bringeth death, and inas- 
much as ye were born into the world by water, and blood, and 
the spirit, which I made and so become of dust a living soul." 
Mark, this is natural birth when we are born into the world; 
now for the "new birth," which the Savior mentioned when 
He spoke to Nicodemus. "Fven so ye must be born acain 
into the kingdom of heaven, of water, and of the Spirit, and 
be cleansed by blood, even the blood of mine Only Begotten; 
that ye might be sanctified from all sin, and enjoy the words 
of eternal life in this world, and in the world to come immor- 
tal glory: For by the water ye keep the commandment; by 
the Spirit ye are justified, and by the blood ye are sanctified; 
therefore it is to abide in you; the record of heaven; the 
< ' milliter; the peaceable things of immortal glory; the truth 
of all things; that which quickeneth all things, which maketh 
alive all things; and which knoweth all things, and hath all 
r. according to wisdom, mercy, truth, justice, and judg- 
ment. And now, behold, I say unto you, This is the plan of 
salvation unto all men, through the blood of mine Only 
Begotten." 

\\ e cannot lie too grateful, my young friends, for these pre- 

cious truths and for the authority our Heavenly Father has 

red to the earth to officiate in the ordinances of His 

house. It will not do for us to waste our valuable time pur- 





J-TT'VIErtTIILIE] IJSTSTBTJOTOR, 



suing the vain pleasures of the world or to pattern after 
Babylon. If we do, and neglect the "one thing needful," 
our condemnation will be very great. We can only prove to 
God our Eternal Father that we love Him by keeping His 
commandments and they are not grievous. 

Now it is a natural question to ask, when we have become 
members of the Church of Christ, what portion of our means 
should we consecrate to His service? Has He left us to do as 
we please concerning this matter or has He any laws or regu- 
lations concerning the disposition of our time or means? This 
question we will reserve for our next session. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



REPUBLICAN NOMINEES FOR PRESIDENT AND VICE-PRESI- 
DENT — AN INTERESTING CAMPAIGN IN PROSPECT — WILL 
THE REPUBLICANS YIELD THE GOVERNMENT IP BEATEN? 



THE exciting topic of the day is the Chicago nominations 
by the Republican Convention for President and Vice- 
President of the United States. JamesG. Blaine, who came so 
near getting the nomination of President eight years ago, has 
t een nominated with great enthusiasm at Chicago. He was evi- 
dently very anxious to be nominated at that time, but his ambi- 
tion was not gratified. Sincethen hehasseernedtobe indifferent, 
and as his indifference has appeared to increase, the desire of 
the members of his party has become stronger to make him 
President. John A. Logan has been nominated as Vice- 
President. According to some of the accounts there was con- 
siderable enthusiasm over their nominations at the Convention. 
Whether the country will receive their candidacy as warmly 
and vote for them as enthusiastically remains to be seen. 
There is probably no people in the United States who are so much 
interested in the nominees for the office of President and Vice- 
President as the people of Utah. Our affairs occupy so large a 
space in the thoughts of public men that it is a matter of great 
interest to us who the President shall be. The policy to be 
pursued in the treatment of our question depends very much 
on the personal character of the Chief Executive ; at least we 
have fallen into the habit of thinking so. 

The question has been asked a number of times since these 
nominations have been made as to the probable feeling of Mr. 
Blaine in regard to us. There is scarcely any need to ask 
that question with reference to John A. Logan. He has been 
an undisguised enemy of Utah for years, and has never per- 
mitted an opportunity to pass when he could say a bitter thing 
respecting us. Not so with Mr. Blaine. He has not gone 
out of his way thus far to assail us. Still he is a politician, 
and those who have experience know what that means. Were 
Mr. Blaine left to himself L have no idea that he would seek to 
injure us. But the pressure that was brought to bear on James 
A. Garfield after his election was so great that he could not resist 
it. and he became the exponent of the most rabid anti- 
" Mormon" views. Garfield was a man who knew more about 
us in some respects than any man in public life. He had 
examined our doctrines ; he was acquainted with many of our 
people ; he had visited our country twice, and on each occa- 
sion bad expressed the most friendly sentiments. He had 
deprecated the hostile policy of some of his party, and was 
not disposed to treat us unfairly. But all this changed when 
he became President. He doubtless thought that he could 





197 



only maintain his popularity by joining in the outcry against 
us. He had been accused of being a "Jack Mormon," and 
to relieve himself from such a suspicion he attacked and 
threatened us. 

We have scarcely room to expect any different policy from 
the present nominee of the Republican party. That party 
seems to be determined to destroy us if possible. The plat- 
form presented to the Convention at Chicago and upon which 
these nominees must stand goes further than any previous 
platform in this : that it suggests the use of the military in the 
event of the civil power not being able to reach us. It is an 
old proverb, that "they whom the Gods would destroy they 
first make mad." This seems especially applicable to the 
Republican party at the present time. Not content with 
trampling upon the Constitution and the fundamental prin- 
ciples of the Government to reach us, they now announce the 
intention, in the event of a failure to reach us by the present 
unconstitutional Congressional enactments to have recourse to 
the military. Such action would lead to the inevitable destruc- 
tion of the Republic. Not a shred of liberty would be left. 
It remains to be seen how far the Lord will permit this party 
to go in its 'insane attempts to destroy His work. Already 
they have fulfilled many of the predictions of the Prophet 
Joseph concerning the steps that would be taken by the Gov- 
ernment to destroy the Constitution, which is the charter of 
our liberties. It may be that the Lord will permit them to 
go to the utmost limit in order that they may fill the cup of 
their iniquity. We shall be subjected to many trials to test and 
prove us, and to give us that experience which is necessary for 
us to obtain to qualify us for the destiny before us. But of 
this we may rest assured that the Lord will not permit them 
to injure His work, much less destroy it. His promise has 
gone forth concerning this, and it cannot fail. 

The country will now watch with great interest the action 
of the Democratic Convention. As a party they are not so 
well disciplined as the republicans, and are not so united in 
their policy. This is due to the fact that they have been out 
of power for twenty- three years and upwards. If they should 
nominate a strong ticket, one that would be popular with the 
masses, tbey may make a lively canvass for Mr. Blaine and 
Mr. Logan. The two latter, however, and especially Mr. 
Blaine, are excellent political managers. Probably Mr. Blaine 
has no superior in this respect in the United States. He is a 
dashing man, full of audacity and resources. Should there 
be hard times in the country it will greatly favor the Demo- 
cratic party in their campaign, as many voters are greatly 
influenced by the condition of business. There is a large 
floating vote that hard times will be apt to drive away from 
the Republicans unto the ranks of the Democratic party for 
the sake of having a change in the policy of the administra- 
tion. But should the Democratic party carry the election, I 
think it exceedingly doubtful about it getting possession of 
the government. I do not believe that the Republican party 
intends to relinquish the reins to their opponents. They per- 
suaded themselves in 18TG that if they turned the administra- 
tion over to the Democratic party, the whole fruits of the war 
would be swept away, and the precious blood and the treasure 
that it had cost to save the Union would all have been expended 
in vain. It would be easy for them to permit the same kind 
of arguments to again have weight in their minds to justify 
them in resisting any attempt of the Democrats, even if they 
carry the election, to take possession of the government. In 
the meantime we shall watch with great interest the result of 
the nominations, and of the election. 




f 198 
9 



J - TT "VIE IN* I LIE OTSTBTJOTOR. 




DESEEET S. S. UNION MEETING. 



'"PHE general annual meeting of the Union was held in the 
-L Tabernacle on Saturday evening, April 5th, 1884, General 
Superintendent Geo. Q. Cannon presided. 

Present on the stand : the First Presidency, members of the 
Quorum of the Twelve, Presidents of Stakes and Sunday 
school superintendents. The following Stakes were repre- 
sented : Beaver, Bear Like, Box Elder, Cache, Davis, Juab, 
Millard, Morgan, Parowan, Panguitch, Salt Lake, Sanpete, 
Tooele, Utah, St. George and Weber. 

Assistant General Supt. John Morgan opened by prayer and 
afterwards spoke of the good results of the system of visiting 
committees instituted in some of the Wards of this city and 
elsewhere, some schools having nearly doubled in numbers 
since this work began. With the consent of the Stake author- 
ities and the Bishop of the Ward suitable young men and in 
some instances young women were selected and sustained 
before the Ward in which they were to operate, whose duty it 
was to visit all the families in the districts assigned them, 
both in the Church and out, and take up a short labor with 
the parents and children, to get the latter to attend Sunday 
school. This work could be done so as not to prevent the 
workers from attending school punctually themselves. The 
visitors should labor with a view of bringing all the children 
of their districts to the Sunday school. He also observed, we 
should bear in mind that we are not engaged in a reformation 
but a formation of character and therefore should be very 
careful to start right with our children. 

Assistant General Supt. George Goddard said it was very 
desirable to do away with choir singing in the schools and have 
concert singing instead. For the purpose of encouraging con- 
rert singing the Union had published an edition of 5,000 books, 
consisting in part of the songs and music that were awarded 
prizes last year. Over half the edition was already disposed 
of. In relation to the Sunday morning visiting work just 
mentioned, it should be done in a spirit of love and kindness, 
and persevered in till all the children in Zion were brought 
under the influence of the Sunday school. To this end it was 
the counsel of the authorities that this work be taken up and 
adopted in all the branches and Stakes of the Church in Zion. 
There are now upwards of 4o 000 children enrolled as attend- 
ants of Sunday schools in Zion. But according to the census 
of the Territory there were probably some 10,000 children 
who do not attend. 
The choir sang, "To the Tap of the Drum." 
Superintendent Wm. Fotheringham, of Beaver, was pleased 
to report that the schools in his Stake were improving. He 
had been impressed by the same spirit as the authorities here, 
in relation to Sunday morning visiting, having noticed with 
regret that many children who left home for school 
loitered on the way and very often did not attend at all. To 
prevent this a system of committee work was instituted and 
patrols appointed on each block, to visit the families between 
9 and 10 o'clock, and get the children and young people out 
of the streets into the Sunday school. Monthly meetings of 
offi ters and teachers were held in Beaver with verj I 

ihs. 

Supt. John Maiben reported a very marked increase of 
interest in the 3 to ioI cau e in Sanpete. They held 

conjoint meetings, reviews and jubilees in the several Sunday 
schools of the Stake will nits. He had noticed a 




great improvement in the character of the recitations and 
other exercises introduced. 

Prest. John D. T. McAllister, in the absence of Stake Supt. 
Whitehead who was unable to attend, reported the Sunday 
schools of St. George Stake in a very satisfactory condition. 
Schools were organized in every Ward and Branch of the 
Stake. The sacrament was administered in all the schools every 
Sunda}'. He felt that children should not be wearied by long 
addresses in school. 

Song by the choir, "The Harper." 

Supt. John K. Hall took pleasure in reporting the 
Sunday schools of Morgan Stake in a healthy and satisfactory 
condition. They have a S. S. teachers' meeting for the Stake 
that is held once a quarter. 

Supt. Charles W. Nibley, of Cache, reported the schools 
under his charge in excellent order. Nearly all the leading 
Elders took a lively interest in them, and it had been observed 
that where the Bishop and his Counselors attended punctually 
and regularly a good influence was the result. Sunday morn- 
ing missionary work had been adopted with very gratifying 
results. The increase in attendance had been so great as to 
necessitate the removal of some of the classes into another 
building. He had learned by experience and observation that 
the fewer classes the better in a Sunday school. If all the 
children in one room were in two or three classes, or still better 
in one class, instead of fifteen or twenty, less confusion and 
more good would be the result. 

Singing by the male members of the choir, "Merry Men 
are we." 

President J. W. Crosby reported the Sunday schools of the 
Panguitch Stake as in very good condition. As a general 
thing the Bishops and their Counselors were punctual in 
attending schools to assist the superintendents in their work. 
The Stake and Ward authorities were enlisted in this good 
work. Many had to travel for miles to attend Sunday school. 
Those who were trained in the Sunday schools and improve- 
ment associations made the best missionaries abroad and at 
home. 

Supt. Wm. Paxman was pleased to report that the schools 
in the Juab Stake were well attended, with a sufficient number 
ot good teachers. The Seventies had been engaged in Suuday 
school missionary work, not only visiting the houses of the 
Saints between nine and ten in the morning, but patroling the 
streets until half- past ten, for the purpose of bringing all from 
the streets into the Sunday school. Two schools had lately 
been organized and another would soon be commenced. His 
predecessor, Brother Geo. Teasdale, was a faithful laborer in 
this good work. 

"O, my heart is weary waiting," was beautifully sung by the 
choir. 

Apostle Moses Thatcher said he never experienced such pleas- 
ure and satisfaction in performing any mission of his life, as that 
he realized while engaged in the Sunday school work. Dwelt 
on the growth of the Sunday school cause in Cache 
Valley. Observed that the children of the northern Stakes 
had been taught in their Sunday schools to contribute 
their nieklcs towards the building of the Temple and over 
$2 000 had been raised in this way. He urged upon Sunday 
school teachers the importance of imparting true and correct 
principles to the children. Much responsibility rested on the 
teachers of youth in regard to this, as they would grow up 
imbibing the doctrines set before them, and become in a mea- 
sure the kind of men and women intended by their instruc- 
tors. 





-«\a. 



CTTJ^TEi^riLE IUSTBUCTOB. 



199 



5qg 



President John Taylor made a few interesting and encourag- 
ing remarks, tending to impress upon all the importance of 
the work of training the youth of Zion in the paths of truth, 
virtue, honor and rectitude. He said the day was not far 
distant when to be born in Zion would be the greatest honor 
that could be desired or possessed. We should seek for all 
useful knowledge and by-and-by we, as a people, will stand at 
the head in the knowledge of true sciences and arts as we now 
do in the knowledge of the gospel. 

General Superintendent George Q. Cannon said it was the 
mind of the Presidency that all actively engaged in the Sunday 
school work should be released from their duties as home mis- 
sionaries, and from every other general duty that would curtail 
their usefulness in this respect. It was also desired that no 
other meetings should be held at the same hour as the schools, 
that they might have full scope to exercise their usefulness. 
The Sunday school visiting committees should always be 
selected by and with the advice of the Stake authorities and 
Bishops of the respective Wards. In all these movements 
proper deference should be paid and respect shown to all in 
authority, whatever their position or calling. 

Benediction by President Joseph P. Smith. 

The beautiful singing rendered on this occasion was given 
by Brother A. C. Smyth's first singing class, in the tonic 
sol-fa system, and well deserved the encomiums it elic- 
ited. 



TAMPERING WITH TEMP- 
TATION. 



"TT will do just as well to-morrow," said young Martin to 

•*■ himself. 

It was only sixpence — a silver sixpence — that he had picked 
up in the playground. He did not know who had lost it ; he 
only knew that it did not belong to himself, and he had no 
intention of keeping it. 

Bernard Martin had been rather strictly brought up in his 
childhood. Once he had been severely punished for an act of 
what might by some have been called trifling dishonesty. He 
had gathered and eaten some fruit in his father's garden which 
he had been forbidden to touch. There was both dishonesty 
and disobedience in this, and he was made to feel the penalty 
he had incurred. 

The punishment had made a salutary impression on Ber- 
nard's mind. He was never afterwards guilty of intentional 

dishonesty until , but this will come into my present 

narrative. 

There was no one near Bernard Martin when he picked up 
the sixpence; and some boys, probably, would have had no 
scruple in appropriating the money, on the ground that such 
waif's and strays lawfully belong to the finder. Bernard, 
however, knew better — knew that, at any rate, it was required 
of him, by common honesty, to make due inquiry after the 
loser. 

And he meant to do this. His first impulse was to set 
about making those inquiries at once. But then the thought 
struck him that it was as much the loser's duty to proclaim 
hi: loss as it was the finder's to make known his find. "At 
any rate," thought he, "it will do just as well to-morrow." 

"What a fuss about sixpence !" says a boy, who generally 
has plenty of what he calls "loose cash" in his pocket, and 
can afford, as he thinks, to lose or throw away more sixpences 



than one. "If I were to lose sixpences out of my pocket, I 
should never know it; and if 1 did, I should say that the 
finder might keep them, and welcome." 

"And that is what /say too," a second boy may perhaps 
add — a boy to whom a silver sixpence is a rarity. "Catch 
me making a — humph — of myself by letting everybody know 
what I find when I do have the luck to pick up anything! 
Other people should not be so careless with their sixpences. 
Besides, if a fellow says he has found sixpence there are lots 
of other fellows who would be ready enough to say that they 
had lost one, whether they had or not." 

Now, I have nothing to say, by way of argument, to either 
of these young gentlemen ; and I shall go on with my story. 
Bernard Martin would have been very glad if anybody had 
given him sixpence, for money of any denomination was not 
very plentiful with him. But, as I have said, he had no 
immediate thought of keeping that which he had found. 

"I'll think about it to-morrow," he said ; and then he 
slipped the sixpence into his pocket. 

The morrow came, and the sixpence was still in Bernard's 
pocket ; but the old thought had gained strength in his mind. 

"Whoever has lost the sixpence," said he to himself, 
"will be sure to miss it, and speak about it. I shall hear 
something about it before night, no doubt." 

But he heard nothing. Whoever had lost the money was 
quiet about it. Meanwhile, the finder began to think that he 
was very much in want of money, and that the sixpence, if it 
were his, would be a welcome addition to the few pence his 
purse contained. He wished it were really his own. 

On the previous day the boy had thought that he would 
without fail seek for the sixpence's owner before twenty-four 
hours had expired. But the hours had expiied, and he was 
no nearer to restoring that which he had found. No nearer ! 
He was much farther off from it. 

"It is safe enough in my pocket," said or thought Bernard; 
"and when the loser has found out his loss it will be time 
enough for me to give it up." 

Bernard Martin's besetting weakness and sin, was covetous- 
ness. He desired to have a little more than he possessed. 
He had a few pence, and he wished for shillings. If he had 
had shillings, be would have wanted pounds. Do you wonder, 
then, that when the silver sixpence was in his purse, he began 
to wish it was his own? Or that, when day after day had 
passed without any inquiry having been made after the lost 
money, he began to think whether he could not look upon it 
as his own? 

There was no more thought in Bernard's mind about seeking 
after the owner of the lost sixpence. Still, he had some 
reluctance about spending it. It was not his, exactly, to do 
what he liked with. He would keep it unbroken— in case it 
should be asked after. 

(To be Continued.) 



A Good Answer. — A minister once asked his Sunday school 
children if there should be any contention in heaven, what 
they thought it would be about. 

"0 sir," they replied, "there will be no strife there." 

"Well, but supposing there should be such a thing, what 
do you think it would be about?" 

"Well, sir," said one, "I suppose if there be any contention, 
it will be who shall get nearest to Jesus Christ," — Ex. 



BSglga 




CTTJ^rE^TII_.E IITSTRUCTOB. 



"^84* 




GEORGE ft. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 1, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




PROGRESS OF THE SAINTS— A HIGHER STANDARD OP LIFE- 
GROWTH OF INFIDELITY. 

ROGRESS ought to be the motto of the 
Latter-day Saints. We cannot stand 
still. If we do not go forward we must 
go backward. But, as a people, we are 
advancing. The evidences of progress 
are to be seen on every hand, especially 
among the children of the Latter-day 
Saints. A higher standard ot life is being 
aimed at and reached. The rising gener- 
ation have many advantages which their fa- 
thers and mothers did not have, and the effect 
upon them is very apparent. There are many 
children in our Sunday schools at the present 
time who can answer questions which, a few yeais 
ago, it would puzzle many of our Elders to answer. 
A knowledge of principle, and of our doctrines, and 
especially the history of the Church, is now being 
taught with so much system that nearly all our chil- 
dren are benefited thereby. Of course, there are boys who 
will smoke and chew tobacco and, perhaps, use rude and vul- 
gar language. There are girls who may be careless about 
their habits and not circumspect in their associations; but 
these, we hope and believe, are the exceptions. Those ol us 
who arc old enough can contrast the present with the past, 
and be satisfied that there is a great improvement. 

It is a great labor to elevate an entire people, as is being 
done in our case, out of the ruts of ignorance and tradition in 
which preceding generations have run. It would be a hope- 
less labor if it were not for the assistance of the Spirit of God. 
We have no cause to be discouraged at what has already been 
done, though the work yet liefore us to be accomplished is 
immense, A people gathered from the various nations of the 
earth, with all their pre-conceived notions and traditions, with 
I. ut little knowledge of the truth, and differing so much in 
their educations and in their manners, furnish materials which 
are not easy to manage and to make one. The Spirit of God, 
however, operating upon the mini of every faithful person, 

a mplishes wonders, and now, with the aid of our Sunday 

Is and tin' other associations that are established among 
as, the children who are born or brought up in Zion can be 
made one people and be banded together with a union the 
equal of which is not to be found anywhere in the world. 
\- time rolls r,n a I odard of life is demanded of us 

■ eople, Many things which were winked at in the past 
cannot be permitted now. The huildinir of temples and the 
desire of the people to enter into them and attend to ordin 
ances are a means of enforcing the requirements of the 
upon the 5 In order to have the benefit of temple 

ordinances there mu-t be a disposition manifested to conform 




with greater strictness to the laws of God. This will have a 
marked effect upon the people; for every Latter-day Saint 
who has true faith in the gospel and in its ordinances will be 
desirous to receive the benefit of the ordinances administered 
in the temples, and when they know that to get the benefit of 
these their lives must correspond with their professions, they 
will conform more strictly to the teachings which they receive. 



It is surprising how rapidly unbelief grows in the Christian 
world. When the first Elders of this Church went forth 
preaching the gospel they appealed to the Bible to prove the 
truth of their doctrines. They were perfectly consistent with 
its teachings. Honest-hearted people who loved the truth 
had to receive them. They became Latter-day Saints; but 
they were comparatively few. The great bulk of the religious 
world, with their ministers, rejected the truth, and to do so 
they had to reject the Bible. To try and preserve their con- 
sistency they said that the scriptures had a double meaning. 
Prom that time unbelief began to grow, and to-day the Bible 
has lost its influence and there are but few who are willing to 
believe that it is the word of God and an infallible guide. 

This is a very remarkable result of the preaching of the 
gospel. Yet it is what might have been expected. For the 
Lord Jesus said, when He was upon the earth, that "this is 
condemnation, that light has come into the world, and men 
choose darkness rather than light." Like the Jews of old, 
this generation has rejected the word of God, and their faith 
has decreased. The light that they had has been taken away 
and darkness fills the place thereof. There are but few min- 
isters of religion now who believe the Bible as it is. The 
account of the creation as given by Moses is almost entirely 
rejected. They do not believe what the Lord said respecting 
the gifts and graces that should follow believers in the gospel, 
and upon the doctrine of patriarchal marriage, so plainly sus- 
tained by the Bible, they evince entire skepticism. They 
reject the doctrine as fully and with as great scorn as if there 
was not a word in the Bible to sustain it, or as if the Bible 
itself pronounced against it. 

What can be expected from a people who take this, course? 
They only believe that which suits them, whether it agrees 
with the Bible or not. It is not the word of God that they 
want, but that which suits their own tastes, passions and 
prejudices — that which they look upon as popular. All else, 
however true, they reject. It seems as though that which is 
pleasing in the sight of God is an abomination unto men, and 
that which is pleasing in the sight of men is an abomination 
unto God. That which they look upon as desirable is repuls- 
ive to the laws of the Lord. The heaven which they picture 
to themselves, God, in reality has no place in. The heaven 
which God promised unto the faithful they do not wish to 
enter. He calls Himself the God of Abraham, Isaac and 
Jacob. The world look upon these men as barbarians. The 
Bible -peaks about the righteous going to Abraham's bosom. 
The popular world, to-day, look upon Abraham as unfit for 
tin ir society, and, if he were alive now, they would favor put- 
ting him in the Penitentiary. What can be done with a gen- 
eral ion which entertain such views? who have their creeds, 
and doctrines, and churches, and society to suit their own 
notions, without the least regard to (iod, or to His will and 
His laws? 



ANGER begins with folly and ends with repentance. 





J" TTVISIN" I Xj IE IUSTBTJOTOE, 



SOI 




THE COLOSSUS OF RHODES. 



THE magnificent statue of bronze known in history and 
legend as the Colossus of Rhodes was the prototype of 
the Bartholdi statue which is designed to be placed at the 
entrance of New York harbor. 

The Colossus stood at or near the sea entrance to the city of 
Rhodes, in triumphal commemoration of the repulse given by 



The city of Rhodes was built and made the capital late in 
the fifth century, B. C. After having fallen under the power 
of Alexander the Great, and at his death thrown off the 
Macedonian yoke, the little nation rose to wonderful fame. 
And one hundred years after the establishment of the city of 
Rhodes, it was besieged by the jealous Demetrius Poliorcetes, 
king of Macedon, who sought again to make the island con- 
tributary to his dominion. The ports of the assailed city were 




the Rhodians to their besiegers in the fourth century before 
Christ. 

Rhodes is a small island in the Mediterranean Sea, off the 
coast of Asia. In remote times it was populous and wealthy. 
Its people were artistic and yet warlike and adventurous. It 
was renowned especially for its commerce; and later, even in 
its decadence as a maritime or commercial power, it was 
esteemed as the seat of high learning. 




renowned as being the most beautiful and convenient in the 
world. They furnished easy ingress to the invaders. But 
the Rhodians were skillful and brave; and they were aided in 
their defense by Ptolemy Soter, the ruler of Egypt. I>eme- 
trius and his forces, after a prolonged struggle, were forced to 
lift the siege. They departed and left behind them immense 
quantities of paraphernalia which became the spoils of the 
victorious defenders. The jubilant Rhodians out of compli- 



23 



Kp* 



202 



J-TT^TIEIN-inLIE IHSTRTJOTOR. 




ment to their Egyptian ally, and in praise to Apollo, conceived 
the idea of erecting this brazen image. Chares of Lindus was 
employed to produce the work. This artist was a pupil of 
Lysippus, and he began his labor on a very grand scale. Bat 
when the statue was half finished the money appropriated for 
its erection was exhausted. And Chares in deep disgust com- 
mitted suicide. Laches completed the figure about the year 
280 B. C. According to the best estimates it was 105 feet 
high and weighed three quarters of a million pounds. It was 
hollow, and the head of the stupendous figure could be reached 
by means of a winding staircase within, which led from the 
heel upward. 

Legends say that the Colossus guarded the harbor ot 
Rhodes, standing on enormous piers with one foot on either 
side of the principal channel. Historians and antiquarians 
dispute this. But in the absence of a common absolute proof 
to the contrary, the old poetical idea will receive the belief of 
the majority of mankind. 

The statue stood in majestic glory — the envy and admiration 
of all — for a period of 56 years, or until 224 B. C. At this time 
the island was shaken by a heavy earthquake, and amoag 
other losses which were sustained, the guardian Colossus was 
toppled from its piers and half-buried in the soil. Already the 
power of Rhodes had begun to wane. And so the beautiful 
figure was allowed to lie neglected in its self-made grave for 
nine long centuries. During this time mighty changes for the 
worse came to Rhodes; and in the middle of the seventh cpu- 
tury of the Christian era, the island was conquered by the 
Saracens. These vandals resurrected the Colossus, but only 
to make merchandise. They sold it to a Jew, by its weight 
and bulk of metal. And the practical purchaser carried it 
away piece-meal od the backs of 900 camels. The melting 
pots and molds soon transformed the fragments of the statue 
into unrecognizable shapes; and to-day even tradition is not 
bold enough to trace the material of the Colossus. 

The pride and glory of the Rhodians like their idolatrous 
statue have vanished; just as all things earthly must fade 
under the breath of time. 



A GLIMPSE OF ANCIENT 
HISTORY. 



by j. ii. \v. 



THE Hebrews, that is, the nation composed of the descend- 
ant- of Jacob, were the only nation of antiquity, who had 
aniODg them a regular and authentic history. In the scrip- 
tures there is a chain of such history from the time when 
Adam \\;i- placed upon this planet till profane history assumes 
an authentic form. In the early portion of this history, the 
■ lii. r,: evi n'~ is determined by a succession of first-born sons 
panied by a statement of the age of each individual, at 
the time when hi- eloest sou was born. In the later portion 
of the history the dates, as well as the order of events, are 
I by th'- length of the reigns of a succession of 
ami afterwards of kings. 
There are some difficulties in adjusting this chronology, 

chiefly arising from variations introdu 1 into manuscripts 

and translations of the scriptures, during a loug course of 

Still, the best, and, the only reliable guide, is that con- 

I in, or corroborative of the Bible narrative. 

A- the land in which the Israelites were placed was in the 

very center of the world's population, in the neighborhood of 



the great empires that successively arose, and as it became an 
integral part of those empires, the history of that people is 
intermingled with almost all that is important in the history 
of our species. In reading the sacred history, there is brought 
before us in regular succession, first the earliest kingdoms of 
men, namely, that built by Enoch upon this continent, and 
that built by Ashur, one of the grandsons of Noah. This 
kingdom became the nucleus of the great Assyrian empire. 
From thence is brought before us in regular succession the 
sovereignties established on the banks of the Tigris and the 
Euphrates, and the states that rose to eminence on the eastern 
shore of the Mediterranean sea — the kingdoms of Egypt, 
Ethiopia, Syria, Babylon and Persia, and the influence which 
they exerted in the affairs of men in different ages of the 
world. 

The regular chain of Jewish history is broken off at 
the building of the second temple, after the return from 
the captivity of Babylon, when the Persian monarchy 
was at its hight ; but a general view of the subsequent 
history of the world, marking the rise of the Grecian 
empire on the ruins of the Persian, its separation into several 
kingdoms, the advance of the Roman empire in its gigantic 
strides to universal sovereignty, its strength and character, 
its decay and overthrow, all are given in the prophetic visions 
of the Hebrew prophet, Daniel, in such a graphic manner and 
so perfectly conformable to the truth of history, that when 
we lose the aid of the Jewish history we cannot follow a better 
guide than the bold characteristic sketch of subsequent events 
furnished by the Jewish prophecies. 

The history of the world naturally divides itself into two 
great periods, namely, that which elapsed before the coming 
of the Savior into the world ; and that which has elapsed 
since that event. That which transpired before His birth 
is termed ancient history and it is to this we shall direct our 
attention. 

The various dates and periods noted in the Hebrew scrip- 
tures, as examined and compared by many learned men, as 
well as the revelations given to Joseph the Prophet, make the 
duration of the world from the time when Adam was placed 
upon the the earth, till the birth of Christ to be about 4,000 
years, or, more exactly 4,004 years. (For further particulars 
see Doc. and Cov. Sec. 107, verses 41-53.) For aiding the 
memory this period may be conveniently divided as follows: 
At the middle of this period, or 2,000 years before Christ, and 
2,000 after the advent of Adam, Abraham was born. The 
call of Abraham was the commencement of that important 
dispensation of Providence, by which one family was separated 
from the rest of the world, increased to a nation — the Jews — 
planted in a central place of the earth — Palestine — that they 
might preserve among them the knowledge of the name, 
character and law of a true God, and be the means of ultimately 
diffusing it among the rest of mankind. 

In the middle of the 2,000 years which elapsed between 
Adam and Abraham, or about the year B. C. 3,017, Enoch 
was translated to heaven, also the city of Enoch was taken up 
from the earth. Thus did God show Mis favor and approba- 
tion of those who walked in obedience to His law. 

Again, in the middle of the 2,000 years, which transpired 
between the biitb of Abraham and the birth of Christ, or 
about the year B. C. 1 ,004, Solomon's temple was finished. This 
period marked the fulfillment oi many of the promises made 
to Abraham. [See Genesis xd, 1-7; also xiii, 14 17.) Then, 
and not till then, did Abraham's seed reign in peace and pros- 
perity from the great river Euphrates, to the shores of the 






8£ 



J" TT "VEIN" I LIE IITSTBUCTOR, 



203 



Mediterranean Sea. Thus the whole period of 4,000 years is 
divided into four parts of 1,000 years each, every succes- 
sive epoch commencing with a remarkable event, namely, the 
advent of Adam upon this world, the translation of Enoch, 
the birth of Abraham and the completing of Solomon's 
temple. 



A.M. 





ADAM. 

Cain— Seth— Abel. 



CoTEMPOKANEOUS 

Record. 
First 4 chapters of Gen- 



500 



1000 



B. C. 

4000 



JARED. 



^ Genesis. 15th chap. 15- 
m 19 verses. 



>-3 
B 

88 

5 

z 



35(M) 



ENOCH. 

Methuselah — Lamech. 



2 Genesis, 5th chap. 
! z verse. 



19-31 



1500 



NOAH. 



3000 



Shem, Ham and Japh- 
eth — Ashur— Nimrod 
— Terah. 



[Genesis, from 6th to 1 2th 
chapters. 



!500 



2000 ABRAHAM 

Lot — Sodom Destroyed 
— Melchizedek — Ish-i 
mael— Isaac — Jacob— 1 _ 
— Joseph — Children of 5 
Israel in Egypt H 



Genesis, from 11th chap. 

27th v. to 25th chap 

9th verse. 
Genesis, from 21st chap 

to 50th chap. 



2500 



300C 



MOSES. S 

Pharaoh— Giving of the f 

Law — Joshua — Judg- ^ 

es — Samuel — Saul — g 

David. I 



Books of Exodus, Levit 
icus, Numbers. Deut- 
ronorny, Job, Joshua, 
Judges, Ruth, 1st and 
2nd Samuel. 



2000 



500 



SOLOMON, g 

Revolt of Ten Tribes— « 
Captivity in Babylon h 
— Daniel — Esther. 



Books of 1st and 2nd 
Kings 1st and 2nd 
Chronicles. Daniel, Es- 
ther, Isaiah, Jeremiah 
and part of Ezekiel. 



000 



3500 



EZRA. 
Second Temple built — 
Conquest of Alexander 
— Judas and Simon 
Maccabees — Roman 
Conquest — Herod. 



4(l0l J 



CHRIST. 



Book of Nehemiah, 12 500 
last Prophetic Books 
of Old Testament and 
Books of the Apocry- 
pha — Writings of Jo- 
sephus. 



The Psalms were the na- 
tional Songs of the 
Hebrews. 



These four epochs of 1,000 years each, may be again sub- 
divided into periods of 5(1(1 years each. Respecting the first 
two epochs, which elapsed before the birth of Abraham, so 
little is recorded that it is of less importance to divide them 
into half thousands. We may remark, however, that the first 




1,000 years, that is, from Adam to Enoch, is divided -nearly 
equally by the birth of Jared, the fifth descendant from 
Adam, which occurred in the year B. C. 3,544. 

The second 1,000 years, that is, from Enoch to Abraham, 
is divided nearly equally by the announcement to Noah of the 
coming deluge, and the command to build the ark, which events 
occurrred about the year B. C. 2,448. 

Of the other 2,000 years, which transpired between the 
birth of Abraham and the birth of our Savior, the subdivi- 
sions are marked by very important eras. That which inter- 
vened between Abraham and Solomon, is divided by the mission 
of Moses to the Israelites, their deliverance from Egypt, and 
the giving of the law at Mount Sinai, which was in the year 
1,491, or nearly 1,500 years before Christ. 

The last epoch of 1,000 years, or that which intervened 
between Solomon and the birth of Christ, is nearly equally 
divided by the return of the Jews from their captivity in 
Babylon, and the building of the second temple under the 
command of the Prophet Ezra. This second temple was fin- 
ished in the year B. C. 515. Thus the whole period from 
Adam to the birth of our Savior, is divided by remarkable 
eras, into eight epochs of about 500 years each, as in the 
accompanying table. 

Associated with these illustrious characters, either imme- 
diately preceding, cotemporary with, or directly following will 
be found the principal events of ancient history. Thus we 
find Methuselah and Lamech living immediately after Enoch; 
Shem, Ham and Japheth, cotemporary with and following 
Noah, and Ashur, the founder of Nineveh, and Nimrod, 
the founder of Babylon, the building of the tower of Babil 
and the confusion of tongues following shortly after. 

Cotemporary with Abraham was Lot, his nephew, and 
Melchizedek, king of Salem, and priest of the Most High 
God ; as well as the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah. 
Immediately following Abraham were Ishmael, Isaac, Esau, 
Jacob and his twelve sons and the wonderful events which led 
Jacob and his family down into Egypt. Cotemporary with 
Moses were Aaron, Pharaoh, the deliverance from Egypt, and 
the giving of the law at Mount Sinai. Immediately following 
Moses came Joshua and the various judges. Previous to 
Solomon came David; cotemporary with Solomon was Hiram, 
king of Tyre; and shortly afterwards the revolt of the ten 
tribes. Then followed the captivity in Babylon : all those 
wonderful events recorded in the books of Daniel and 
Esther. 

Cotemporary with Ezra was Nehemiah and following these 
came the conquest of Alexander, the breaking up of his 
empire, and the wars of the Jews under Judas and Simon 
Maccabees. (See Apocrypha; Josephus' Antiquities of the Jews, 
Book 12.) Immediately preceding the birth of Christ, came 
the Roman conquest, and the reign of Herod. At length, in 
an era of profound peace, the Savior was born. 



If you would insure success in your undertaking, whatever 
it may be, let nothing divert your attention from it. Leave 
nothing undone, no matter how seemingly little aud unim- 
portant it may be, which is calculated to promote its accom- 
plishment. There is no other way to make success certain. 
It is not luck. It depends on doiog, doing, doing. 

Al.l. between the cradle and the collin is uncertain. 
BLESSINGS are often not valued till they are gone. 





204r 



J- IT "VIE ZKT IH IE IITSTRTJOTOB. 




%m*w to ill SEiiU 



IN HONOR OF THE BOYS. 



The Feast of Flags is a Japanese festival in 
honor of the Boys. It is celebrated during the 
first week in May, and a jolly time the boys have 
of it, for every shop is crowded with toys, only for 
the boys, and every boy receives new gifts and 
pleasures. 

When the Japanese windows are filled with 
thousands of flags and hundreds of big paper 
fishes, with images of the Japanese soldiers and 
heroes, dressed up splendidly in armor, with spears 
and swords in their hands, and bows and arrows 
on their backs; with helmets on their heads and 
sandals on their feet, some on horseback and some 
on foot; when you see all sorts of animals made of 
silk; and tents, horses, bows and arrows and all 
other toys that boys delight in, but not one single 
toy for the girls — then you may know that the 
Feast of Flags is near. 

When the great day comes there are hundreds of 
huge fishes flying in the air, puffed out round and 
full like real fishes, and their fins and tails wriggle, 
and they pull at the strings that fasten them to 
the poles, just as fishes in the water do. 

These fishes are all sent swimming in the air in 
honor of the boys. Every Japanese family, where 
there are boys, plants a tall bamboo pole in the 
ground, and to this pole is hung a great paper 
carp by a piece of cord fastened to its gills. The 
carp is made hollow, so that the wind will fill it 
out like a real carp, and away it goes, swimming 
merrily in the air. In the great cities there are 
thousands of them, some old, with fins and tails 
torn by tin- breeze, but most of them new and 
fresh. 

Thr c;irp is thus hoisted because it is used as a 
symbol of the boys' youth and manhood, for the 
carp, you know, is a strong fish that lives in rivers 
and can leap high out of the water over the rocks 
water-falls; it can swim against the current, 
snap flies in the air, and in short, overcome most 
of the difficulties thai beset the way of a carp. 

Now the Japanese fathers think boys ought to, 
like these carp, be able to overcome all difficulties 
and to face every danger, so the carp is used as a 
symbol of the boy's courage, and every fatherwho 
has a baby boy sends the carp floating in the air 
this firsl week in May. Winn the baby boy is old 
mgh he hoists it himself. 




Then the toys of which I have told you are 
given to the boys, and every gentleman buys his 
son a helmet to remind him that he must one day 
be a soldier, and therefore he must always be brave. 

This Feast of Flags is a verj* curious festival, and 
lasts about one week. 



THE LAND OF SPIDERS. 



Upon the steppes to the South of the Irtish, in 
Russia, lies a desert tract of land called the "Land 
of Spiders;" for adistanceof miles, the only living 
creatures to be found are great, brown and black 
spiders of the species of tarantula, and as savage 
and poisonous as those of Italy. 

They live in smooth, round holes in the ground, 
and the surface of the earth is covered with their 
webs. The natives stand in great fear of these 
deadly spiders and nothing can induce them to 
cross the infected tract unless upon horseback. 
They believe that the spiders can spring the length 
of a yard, but really they can only jump three or 
four inches at a time. 

If one of the webs is touched with the lash of a 
whip, out springs a huge spider, which fastens its 
fangs in the thong and holds on fiercely until crush- 
ed to death. 

Hundreds of sheep visit the place and feed upon 
the spiders. They pass slowly along crunching 
the horrible insects as though they were the sweet- 
est grass, and as they put their noses to the webs, 
out dart the savage tarantula from their dens, strik- 
ing their fangs into the lips of the sheep who lick 
them off quite indifferently, though one such 
poisonous bite would probably cost a man his life. 



THE LARGEST VOLCANO IN THE WORLD. 



Geographies tell us that a volcano isa mountain 
sending forth fire, smoke and lava, but this volcano of 
which I am going to tell you, is a black, yawning, 
hideous pit at the foot of a mountain, upon the 
island of Hawaii, one of the Sandwich group in 
the Pacific ocean. 

The name of the valcanois Kilauea,and if you 
stand upon the precipice, looking down into the 
pit, you see a floor of shining black lava, smooth 
as glass, and stretching miles away with slender 
columns of smoke curling up here and there; but 
at night these little columns of smoke become 
pillars of fire, sending out their lurid light, until 
hundreds of miles at sea the ships can see the 
glow. • 



^ 




g^sr 



J- TT^TIEIlsr I LIE Il^STBTJOTOB. 



205 




That is how it looks from the precipice, a thou- 
sand feet above. But when you scramble down the 
rocky ledge and see the great fiery lake of lava 
more closely, it looks very different, and a thousand 
times more terrible. 

It is a great pit, nine miles in circumference, and 
though it appears smooth from above, you will 
find the lava floor all seamed and cracked, with 
deep fissures breaking up the surface through 
which the red hot lava boils and bubbles. These 
fissures make splendid ovens in which you can 
boil your tea, coffee and eggs, and broil a steak 
deliriously. 

Three miles of hard walking over the lava floor 
will bring you to a lake of fire, called the "House 
of Everlasting Fire." This is a pit fifty feet deep, 
with raging, boiling lava hissing and spitting in 
its depths, and all around it the air is so hot and 
suffocating with noxious gasses that one must wear 
a mask for protection. And there are loud explo- 
sions, new rending of the lava floor and fresh boiling- 
over of the blood-red lava, with shakings and 
quakings and thunderings, until it seems that all 
the fire in the earth must be concentrated at the 
bottom of this fiery volcano, Kilauea. 



THE TARDY BOY. 



Five minutes late, and the school is begun ; 
What are rules for, if you break every one? 
Just as the scholars are seated and quiet 
You hurry in with disturbance and riot. 
Why did you loiter so long by the way ? 
All of the classes are formed for the day; 
Hurry and pack up your reader and slate — 
Room at the foot for the boy that is late. 



BETTER TO WHISTLE. 




As I was taking a walk early in September, I 
noticed two little boys on their way to school. 
The small one tumbled and fell; and though he 
was not very much hurt, he began to whine in a 
babyish way — not a regular roaring boy cry, as 
though he were half killed, but a little cross whine. 
The older boy took his hand in a kind and 
fatherly way, and said : 

"Oh, never mind, Jimmy, don't whine; it is 
a great deal better to whistle." 

And he began in tin: merriest way a cheerful 
boy whistle. 

Jimmy tried to join in the whistle. 



"I can't whistle as nice as you, Charlie," said he, 
"my lips won't pucker up good." 

"Oh, that is because you have not got all the 
whine out yet," said Charlie ; "but you try a minute, 
and the whistle will drive whine away." 

So he did ; and the last I saw or heard of the 
little fellows they were whistling away as earnestly 
as though that was the chief end of life. — Ex. 



-++ 4» <-l 



SPEAK KINDLY. 



BY J. C. 

Speak kindly of the erring one, 

Love him the best you may; 
The wrongs he yesterday hath done 

May be your own to-day; 
And if, forsooth, this should be so, 

And you should need rebuke 
'Twill help your case, that others know 

The kindly course you took. 

But, if, perchance, a brother err, 

And you unlenient be, 
And boast some charge you would prefer 

Devoid of charity, 
What then can you expect to find, 

When others judge your case, 
But justice, strictly underlined, 

Without the pale of grace? 

The cup that we to others fill, 

The measure we bestow, 
Are ours, by right of heaven's will 

And meet that we should know; 
And just it is, that strong or weak 

Or rich or poor should feel 
That they need only mercy seek 

Who mercy kindly deal. 

This world is not for one or two; 

It is for one and all 
And none have time to evil do 

Who honor duty's call: 
And he who will the brightest stand 

Is he whose heart o'erflows 
With love, and lends his heart and hand 

To soothe his fellow's woes. 

Then, let our deeds of love extend 

To all earth's worthy ones; 
The gift to win and hold a friend 

Marks heaven's royal sons. 
Love's labor rests with one and all 

The needy to sustain, 
To help a brother, should he fall 

And see him rise again. 



The Best Place for it. — Some time ago there was a dray 
going along the street, and a cask fell down and the beer was 
spilt. 

Somebody passing at the time said, "Oh, what a pity that 
the beer should be wasted!" No pity at all," said a little 
boy who was standing near ; "better that it should be on God's 
earth than in God's image." — Ex. 



m 




20S 



-U-VEHsTIXjIE I1TSTRVOTOB. 




EARTH'S CREATURES. 



CETACEA. 



B 



Y cetacia is ment the whale and all animals similar in 
appearance and habits. 





A single glance at this picture would almost be sufficient to 
negative the question, Have these creatures any intelligence? 
We cannot tell where the head ends and the body commences 
— where the body ends and the tail begins. Still, these, as 
all other animals, have their intelligence and peculiarities; 
and this brings us to the conclusion that in all animals a mind 
exists, in some degree. Is the whale a fish? Upon this we 
have arguments in lavor and against. Though the arguments 
in favor are very few and weak. The whale, of all other 
marine animals, is most nearly allied to the human race. 
What I A whale like a man? In some particulars, only. Most 
fi>h are cold-blooded, while the whale has warm blood, and 
also a circulatory system, after the style, probably, of our 
veins; it breathes through lungs, and the mother nourishes 
her young by her milk. All these facts place the whale and 
its kind in another and altogether different class from its "fel- 
lows of the deep." 

Perhaps but few of the readers of the Juvenile have seen a 
whale. It is a creature of massive dimensions, often measur- 
ing' seventy feet in length. In an animal of this size the 
main artery, leading from the heart, ejects blood into the 
whole system, and is a foot in diameter. At every beat it 
forth twelve gallons of blood to be carried through the 
body. 

Whales Bet us an example of obedience. It is ofien the 
case that five hundred or more are found quietly following 
their le iders, which are some old "chiefs" selected, perhaps, 
on account of their experience. These are called schools, and 
the leaders, school-masters. 

There is much affection shown by the mother towards her 
offspring; and she will risk her own life in defense of that of 
one. 

Captain £ jby gives the following description of the 
a mother whale while her little one was in danger: 

"The mode in which the agoni/.ed whale endeavors to carry 
off tie- young has all the appearance of an intelligent act:. 
The 'infant' is taken under the fin of the mother, and pressed 
closely by the fin-hand to the parent's Bide, much in the same 
i tiincs carried for a short distance 
under a woi ["he strong pressure of the paw, nine 

feet loriL' and five wide, i- quite sufficient to drag off the young 



with a hundred yards of rope and harpoon attached to the 
body." 

The mother and her young travel together, and when the 
food is required by the "baby," the mother rolls on her side 
and the young whale sucks its milk like a calf from a cow. 
It is said that whales' milk is much richer than that of a cow. 

Uncle Zeph. 



TOOLS OF GREAT MEN. 



IT is not the tools that make a great work ; it is to 
the skillful hand and thoughtful mind that guide the 
instruments, that the credit belongs. Sir Joshua Reynolds, 
when asked how he so wonderfully mixed his paints, replied, 
"I mix them with brains, sir," meaning that his tools 
were the ordinary brushes that any artist could get. Ferguson, 
who carved many marvelous things among others the wooden 
clock that measured the hours, only used a common penknife. 

Dr. Blank discovered latent heat with only two thermom- 
eters and a pan of water; and with a sheet of paper, a lens 
and a prism Newton unfolded the composition of light and 
the origin of color. Dr. Wollaston, the great scientific 
discoverer, once being visited by an eminent foreign scholar 
who requested to be shown over his laboratory, took his visitor 
into a little study, and pointing to an old tea-tray, containing 
a few watch glasses, test papers and a blow pipe, said : 
"There is all the laboratory I have." Stothard learned the 
art of combining colors by closely studying butterflies' wings. 
The great Wilkie began sketching with a burut stick on a barn 
door, and Bewick began by drawing chalk pictures on the 
cottage walls of his native village; while Benjamin West's 
first brushes were made from the cat's t til. Ferguson used 
to lie in the fields at night upon a blanket, and make a map 
of the heavenly bodies by means of a thread with small beads 
on it, stretched between his eyes and the stars ; while llitteu- 
house first calculated eclipses on his plow handle. Franklin 
discovered electricity by means of a kite made of two cross 
sticks and a silk handkerchief, and a key. 

There are many more similar stories that are just cs true as 
crh be; in fact, there are more who have done great things 
under disadvantages than otherwise. — E.c. 



A DriNG REQUEST. — "Promise me one thing," said a 
dying father to his son; "It is my dying request, will you 
grant it?" 

The son, sobbing, gave his assent. 

"I want you, for six months after my death, to go quietly 
and alone to my room for half an hour every day, and think." 

"(In what subject?" inquired the boy. 

"That," replied his father, "I leave altogether to yourself; 
only think!" 

He had been a disobedient son, but he felt he would try to 
make some amends by keeping his promise; and when his 
father died he did try to fulfill that last request. 

At first his thoughts wandered to all sorts of subjects, till 
at length his conscience began to work, and he was awakened 
to a sense of his wickedness and evil doings, and he set him- 
self to amend his life and ways. — Ex: 



tt/%\ 




-•em 



J" IT VEIN" I LIE I1TSTBUOTOB. 



S07 



WHEN EVENING COMES WE WAIT FOR THEE. 

Words and Music bt Edwin F. ParbTj 



Moderate, mf 



=EEgE g=^ r^^^^^g^=: 



-»=*=i^"i; 



Si 




-I*— i 



-fr "- *- »-m--m. 










-*-,-»- 



king in the west, And the shades of night draw near, Soon the 

3 to part for years ! How our hearts would for thee yearn ! Yet the 



When the sun is sinking in the west, 

But how sad 'twould be to part for years ! 



Bg^ l 






^= 



^ 



— [-& 1 &> -i- 






HI 



rcrj 



l 



..j*__ 









sing - ing birds -will go to rest, 

joy would well repay for tears, 



And the twink - ling stars ap - pear; 

When a - gain thou wouldst re - turn. 



S- 

Thenthe 

Oft times 



t7 



^S 3—* 



4t? - I 



¥=& 



5= 



T 






— re- 



P 



I 
CVes. 



hum of daily toil is 

now when thou art far a 



o er, 

w iy 



And from care 
Thy dear face 



each one is 
wo long to 



And we're 
And, as 



^^^= r - I =^E^Ei^EEEEEEEEE^EE=r^^-^ \ s : 

d we' 
id. as 

pi! 



&-\*- — ^- : 






free, 

sec. 



3 





fl? 



igS^ 



208 



Cr~U"V-E}25T XXi-ES I1TSTBUOTOB. 





Rit, 



*zz^zm~z \zz&^——£zzzzzmi= »zz\ 



-K 






wait - ing at the cottage 
time duth % each day by 

3-V ^ i— S— — =3 



door, 
day, 



Looking, dear pa - pa, for thee. 

Every eve we wait for thee. 



m 



$= 






I 



-f^z 



jpn 



:p2= 



rpz: 



321 



CHORUS. 





Yes, when even - 



9&- 



comes we re wait 
-*- -m -m- 

1=1 jz 



ins, 



Se- 
iner, 



d"ar 






=t: 



pa 



pa 



for thee. 



m 



-t 






CHARADE, 



BY V. H. SMYTH. 



My first, it stands upon four legs, 

As any one may see; 
But in the parlor you will find 

It .sometimes stands on three. 

My second, you will all perceive, 

Is worn upon the back; 
I pity those in Winter time 

Who such a thing do lack. 

My whole is laid upon my first — 

I'll give you now a sign: 
Tis always spread before each guest 

When he sits down to dine. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. II is Kite. 
It has been solved correctly by Louisa Ingram, Clarence 
WixniM, Brigham City; Kezia Dimick, Spanish Fork; 
Frank Pickering, Payson ; Josephine Workman, Farniington; 
• I seph P. Sharp, Vernon; Laura Thurber, Greenwich ; J. W. 
Storra, Springville; Frank Merrill. Lester Merrill, Logan; 
John W. Saunders, Salt Lake City. 



He lives ill that knows not how to die well. 




Two Ways. — Fred and Joe are boys of the same age. 
Both have their way to make in the world. This is the way 
Joe does: When work is before him, he waits as long as he 
can, he hates so to touch it ! He is almost sure to stop before 
it is done. He does not care if fault is found. He says, "I 
can't help it," or "I don't care." 

Fred's way is not the same. He goes straight to his work, 
and does it as soon as he can and as well as he can. He never 
slights work for play, though he loves to play as well as Joe 
does. If he does not know how to do a piece of work well, he 
asks some one who does know, and then he takes care to 
remember. He says, "1 never want to be ashamed of my 
work." 

Which boy do you think will make a man to be trusted. 
—Ex. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERT MONTH. 



GEORGE Q,. CANNON, 



KD1TOII 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




HAVING now on hand, 
trade of 1883, one of 



1852. 1884 

BAIN WAGON DEPOT. 

for the Season's 
the best selected 
and assorted stock of FARM, FREIGHT & 
SPRING BAIN WAGONS ever offered for 
saie in Utah, I can assure my customers and 
the Public generally I can fill all orders 
promptly. 

I also have a full line of the Celebrated 
OLIVER CHILLED & MOLINE PLOWS 
of sjl sizes, including Gang, Sulky, Walking 
and Rail Road Plows. 

I am sole agent for the CHAMPION Reap- 
ers, Mowers, and Self-Binders, TIGER Self- 
Operating Sulky Hay Rakes, TRIUMPH 
Force-Feed Grain Drills, the Randall Revolving, 
Pulverizing Dies Harrows, Cultivators, Scra- 
pers, etc. , etc. , all of which are First Class in 
every particular and sold as low as First Class 
Goods can be sold. 

1 also have a fine stock of finished and rough 
Wagon and Buggy Material, also Hardwood 
Plank— Oak Ash and Hickory— to which I call 
special attention. 

Extras for my Machines and Plows always on 
hand. 

Call or write to 

Howard Sebree, 

Salt Lake or Ogden, Utah. 

5-17-t. f. 



THE MORMON BATTALION HISTORY, 
by Daniel Tyler, Esq., has just been pub- 
lished and is for sale at the Juvenile In- 
structor Office. It is a very valuable work, 
interesting not only to those who took part 
in the memorable campaign, upon which it 
principally treats, and the posterity and friends 
of such, but will be equally appreciated by all 
others who are interested in the history of the 
Latter-Day Saints. Some of the most impor- 
tant events in the history of this people are 
therein detailed in a faithful and graphic man- 
ner, and many facts placed in a new though 
true light. But a small edition has been 
published and those wishing to obtain the 
work, should not delay purchasing. The prices 
are, for cloth binding, $2.50: leather, $3.00; 
morocco gilt, $4,25. 



THE MARTYRS; a Sketeh of the Lives and 
a Full Account of the Martyrdom of Jo- 
seph and Hyrum Smith, Together with a Con- 
cise Review of the Most Prominent Incidents 
Connected with the Persecutions of the Saints, 
from the Time the Church was Organized up to 
the Year 1846. By Lyman 0. Littleficld. For 
Sale at this Office, Price 50 cts. 



DIALOGUES AND RECITATIONS, is a 
work lately issued, containing a collection 
of home productions suitable for reciting in 
Sunday School Entertainments, Reviews or 
similar gatherings. 

The price of the book is 25 cents, sent to any 
address postpaid. 

pARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HIS- 
-*-' TORY, the eighth book of the "Faith-Pro- 
moting Series." is published, and is to be had 
at this Office at 25 cents per copy. Its contents 
are: "Show us a Sign;" "Contest with Evil 
Spirits;" "Early Experience of A. 0. Smoot;" 
"Scenes in the British Mission;" "Remarkable 
Healings," and "Philo Dibble's Narrative." 



SUBSCRIBE for the JUVENILE INSTRUC- 
TOR. It is the best paper published. It is 
the Organ of the young people of the Latter-day 
Saints. It is equally interesting to children and 
grown people. It is adapte to the capacity of 
children, but there is nothing frivolous about it. 
It does not contain news, but is filled with instruct- 
ive reading matter, as interesting to read at one time 
as another. The first volumepublished is as interest- 
ingnowas when just issued, sixteen years ago. It 
treats upon religion, science, history, biography 
natural history and such other subjects as are 
interesting to Latter-day Saints. It also contains 
beautiful illustrations. 

A Bound volume of the Instructor is one of 
the most useful and interesting Books a person 
can have in his library. 

Subscription price (postage included) 3 months, 50 eta. 
" " w - - - - six months, - - 1,00. 

" " " - - - - one year, - - 2,00. 

Back Volumes, bound singly, - - - in half calf, 2,50. 
" two in one book, - - - - "----.- 4,75. 

three " " - - - - in cloth, - - - . 7,00. 
Back Numbers of the present volume can be furnished 
01 Subscriptions can commence with the Current Number if 
preferred. 



DAVID JAMES, Tinner, Gas, Water and 
Steam Fitter. 
Water Pipjes Laid to Order. Hose, Iron and 
Lead Pipes, Pumps and Fittings, on hand. 



BOOK BINDING, by an experienced 
workman, in all styles and at the lowest 
rates, at the Juvenile Instructor Office. 

Bring on your magazines and other works for 
binding, and you can depend upon having 
them done promptly, and in any style re- 
quired. 

THE Hymns and Anthems which were sung 
at our last Semi- Annual Conference are 
now published in book- form, and for sale at 
this office. Price, single copy, 30 cents, post- 
paid. Reductions made to choirs and associa- 
tions. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE 
LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, Published by 
the Deseret Sunday School Union, 10 cents. 

At Juvenile Insturctor Office, 

Salt Lake City. 



No. 09 Main Street, I 

Salt Lake City, Utah. J 



P. 0. Box 306. 
12-15tf 



K-mHERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME!" 

* And there are no Boots and Shoes like 
those Made at Home, by Z. C. M. I. Shoe Fac- 
tory, for Comfort, Durability and Cheapness. 
Buy them and try them. Sold at Z C M. I. 
H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Salt Lake City— Our stock 
of Groceries, Hardware, Glassware, Dry Goods, 
Notions, Clothing, Carpets, Wall Paper, etc., is 
very complete. 

Carpets made and laid, and Upholstering done 
in the best style, by experienced and competent 
workmen. 

H. S. Eldredqe, Supt. 



PENCIL NOTE BOOKS, suitable to write 
Minutes- of meetings in, or for Students' 
lessons, at 15 ct., and 20 ct.. The best and 
cheapest in the City. Also made to order in 
quantities for dealers with their own names print- 
ed on the cover, and at special rates; also 

"D EPORTER'S NOTE BOOKS, on good 
tinted paper, ruled to suit short hand or 
other reporters, 20 cts. each, at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office. 



SUBSCRIBERS who wish to have their papers 
Bound can send or bring them to the JrjvBNiLK 
Instructor Office, and have them done in any style and 
upon the most reasonable terms. 



OXFORD POCKET BIBLE, containing 
marginal references, index, concordance, 
notes on the various books, and other h .ips to 
the study of the scriptures — the best pocket 
edition of the Bible published, in various styles 
of binding, at $1.50, $1.75, $2.25, $2.75, $3.00, 
$3. 10, $3.75, $4.25. For sale at this office. 



BACK VOLUMES of Juvenile Instructor 
completed for subscribers who may be 
lacking any of their numbers, and the volumes 
bound in any style desired, and at the lowest 
price, at this Office. , 



M' 



ARTIAL BAND MUSIC— We have for 
sale at this Office the second set of music 
cards containing two new tunes, for Sunday 
School Martial Bands. They arc published by 
the Dcscret Sunday School Union, and are sold 
at 50 cts. per set. 



1S60. ESTABLISHED 1860. 

DAVID O. CALDER, 

Salt Lake City, 

Importer, Jobber and Retail Dealer in all 
kinds of MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS and 
MUSICAL MERCHANDISE. 

General Agent for the Celebrated Instruments 
of the following makers of Pianos and Organs: 

MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN CO., 
Whose organs are acknowledged, the world 
over, to be the very best made. Each one of 
the 1,800 sold in this Territory is the strongest 
evidence of their durability and superior excel- 
lence. Several New and Valuable Improvements 
have heen added la'ely to their instruments. 

E. P. CARPENTER ORGANS, 
Are taking the first rank in this and other 
countries. The largest dealers are competing 
for the Agencies. Each one of the 200 lately 
sold by me has given perfect satisfaction. 

W. W. KIMBALL & CO. ORGANS, 
Are splendid medium-priced organs and fully 
warranted. They exceed anything in the mar- 
ket at the price, and very much superior to 
many at higher prices. 

UPRIGHT t v SQUARE PIANOS, /... ' 
Of Chickering & Sons, Steinway & Sons, Hard- 
man, Dowling & Feck, and Behr Bros. & Co. 

These Pianos are certainly the best of their 
class made. 

BRASS AND QUADRILLE BANDS. 
I am now prepared to fill orders for all grades 
of music for Brass and Orchestral Bands, in- 
struction bouks lor all instruments, how to ar- 
range for orchestras and bands, how to teach 
bands, drum-major's guide, etc., Published by 
J W. Pepper, E. A. Samuels, A. Squires, 
Fischer, and Thompson and Odell, at their 
prices. 

GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 
Organ Instructors, fobiisten' mj Muied 

Pries. Prices. Prices. 

White's School, - - 2 50 1 00 1 20 

Whitney's School, - - 2 50 1 25 1 50 

Sudds' School, - - 2 50 1 35 1 65 

PfANO Instructors. 

Sudds' School, - - 3 25 2 50 2 75 

Gordon's School, - - 3 25 2 50 2 75 

Bellak's School, - - 75 45 55 

- 1 00 50 60 
Blake's School, - - 75 40 50 

- 1 00 45 60 
American Instructors for all 

Instruments, - 75 50 60 

Winner's Instructors for all 

Instruments, - - 75 30 35 

Bong Folio: 208 pages of 

the most Popular Songs, 

with Piano or ( (r.'ari So- 

•Miiiinent, ... 60 75 

Folio of Music, 'Ms pages: 

a magnificent collection 

of Music for Organ or 

Piano, - - - 60 75 

Songs and Ballads: 100 
and Mono, new and 

popular, .... 10 12 

Circulars fully explaining the merits of all 
the above instruments can be had on appli- 
cation. 

Orders from the country shall have careful 
and prompt attention. 



HT1IE MYTH OF THE "MANUSCRIPT 
FOUND," or the Absurdities of the 
"Spaulding Story," by Elder George Reynolds. 
Eleventh Book of the "Faith-Promoting 
Series." Just issued and for sale at this 
Office. Price 25 cents. 

OCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth 
^ Book of the "Faith Promoting Series," 
has just been Issued and is For Sale at this 
Office. Price per Copy 25 cents. It contains 
some very Interesting Items from the Journals 
of Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel 
Knight. 

AN INTERESTING WORK.— The Hand 
of Providence, as shown in the History of 
Nations and Individuals, from the Great Apos- 
tasy to the Restoration of the Gospel. An 
illustrated book, containing 215 pages of reading 
matter, written by Elder J. H. Ward. For sale 
at this Office. Price 60 cents. 

QGDEN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., atOgden, 
Weber Co. — A Complete Assortment of 
Genera] Merchandise on hand, at bed rock prices. 
Call and examine Goods and Prices before 
purchasing elsewhere. 

S. W. Sears, Manager. 



PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S 
JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," is how issued. It 
contains an account of his missions to England, 
the introduction of the gospel to that land, and 
many interesting incidents that transpired in 
the early days of the Church. For sale at this 
Office, price 25 cents. 

Z. C. fit I. TANNERY, Salt Lake City, 
Manufactures Harness Leather, Upper 
Leather, Calf Skins, Kip Skins, Buff Upper, 
and Splits, of Superior Quality. For Sale, 
Wholesale and Retail, at Same Prices as the 
Imported. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 

ESTABLISHED 1897. 

FURNITURE.— Henry Dinwoodey, whole- 
sale and retail dealer in all kinds of Furni- 
ture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby 
Carriages, etc 

1238 to 1244 First South Street, Salt Lake 
City, Utah. . 13-15 t. f. 

YI7TUTINGS FROM THE "WESTERN 

STANDARD," is the title of a book of 

512 pages, which we have for sale at this Office. 

It is composed of a great variety of interest- 
ing sketches that appeared in the Western 
Standard, a paper published in San Francisco, 
in 1856, by George Q. Cannon. 

Price, bound in half calf, cloth sides, $1.50 



JUST ISSUED. 
O. PRATT'S WORKS. 

In order to Preserve some of the Memorable Writings of 
this Great and Good Man, we have Printed them in Book 
Form, and will sell this Work of 300 Pages for the Exceed- 
ingly Low Figure of 75 cents per Single Copy. Postpaid. 

THE HAIVD-BOOK OF 
REFERENCE. 

It gives the History and Chronology of the Church. Des- 
cribes the Religion and Country of the Saints, and contains 
a great variety of Valuable Statistics and Information 
which are of great use to Tourists and Residents. Price, 
Postpaid, 50 cents 



NEW PUBLICATION! 



LYDIA KNIGHT'S HISTORY, 

The First Book of a Series to be Published, 
Entitled: "Noble Women's Lives Series." 
Price, 25 cents. For Sale at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office, Salt Lake City. 



A NEW BOOK.— The Lite of Nephi, 
•**• The Son of Lehi, who* emigrated from 
Jerusalem, in Judea, to the land which is now 
known as South America, about six centuries 
before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. 
Cannon, of the First Presidency of the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Ninth 
Book of the Faith-Promoting Series. Pub- 
lished and for sale at this Office. Price 25 cents. 



Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Drug Department, Salt 
Lake City. -Wholesale and Retail Dealers in 
Drugs, Medicines, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, 
Fancy and Toilet Articles, Soaps, Brushes, 
Sponges, Perfumery, etc. 

Physicians' Prescriptions and Family recipes " 
carefully prepared. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



LOGAN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., at Logan, 
Cache Co., keeps on hand a complete assort- 
ment of General Merchandise, at prices to suit 
the times; also deals in Produce. 

The people of Cache Co. will find it to their 

advantage to call and examine Goods and Prices. 

R. S. Watson, Manager. 



•pLURAL MARRIAGE, AS TAUGHT BY 
I THE PROPHET JOSEPH. A reply to 
Joseph Smith, Editor of the Lamoni (Iowa) 
"Herald." By Helen Mar Whitney. For sale 
at this Office. Price 10 cts. 



ANEW twenty-four page tract entitled 
True versus False Religion, in which 
the principles of the gospel are explained in a 
clear and pleasing manner. It is in the form of 
a dialogue in which a "Mormon" Elder and 
several non-"Mormorns" are the actors. Price 
3 cts each or $3 25 per hundred, post paid. 



