
jMiituss to tht jiori)! 





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, DE EMBER 20, 1X7?.. 



NO. 26. 



WOULD IT B IE h: tj dvh .A. 1ST IE ? 




THERE is a little word which we want to define to our youug 
readers. It is not a new word, but one that has been long 
iu use. The reason we wish to define it is, that very many 
boys, and we are sorry to say very many grown-up men too, 
who ought to know better, act as if they had never heard of 
such a word, or, at least, as if there was not a particle of that 
quality in their natures, that the word implies. The word we 
refer to is humane. Worcester defines that little word as mean- 
lug the possession of "qualities which become a man as a social 
being; kind; civil; benevolent; tender.'' From this, we may 
infer that a humaue person is a sociable being, fit to be a com- 
panion, oue who ob- 

m 



serves the Golden 
Rule — '' Do uuto 
others asyuu would 
have others do uuto 
you, " — one who 
seeks to make 
friends by treating 
those with whom 
he deals, whether 
they be human be- 
ings or dumb ani- 
mals, with kindness 
and tenderness, ra- 
ther than With 
harshness and cru- 
elty. Can you not 
uli remember, if you 
try to think, oi in- 
stances, either i n 
your own actions oi 
those of others, in 
which q u a 1 i ties 
were exhibited not 
by any means hu- 
mane? Now we 
have an example right here, which will serve to illustrate it. 

The accompanying engraving shows you a cow, l hat very use- 
ful domestic animal, on which we depend for our milk, our but- 
ter and our cheese — for in this country we have no other means 
of obtaining those articles than by the good old way, though it 
is said that in some other places they are made without the aid 
of a cow, by persons who are not humane by any means. We 
see here the cow's udder or bag seems almost ready to burst, it 
is so full of milk, while the calf is sucking away and switching 
its tail about in very glee at the rich treat it is gettiug. Such 
a sight as a calf sucking is not very novel to most of our 




readers, but there is a story conuected with this picture which 
may be interesting to them. 

In New York City a teamster cannot stop his team on the 
street and beat the poor dumb animals most unmercifully, as we 
have seen men do here, because they do not act just to suit 
him, for there is a law there to prevent such cruelty, aud he 
would be arrested if he attempted it. There is also a society 
there for the prevention of cruelty to animals, the members of 
which are very huii.ane men, who make it their busiuess to 
inform the proper officers, if they notice any breach of the law, 
and have the offender punished or fined, according to his deserts. 

Ou an occasion of 
a fair in that city, a 
country man brought 
his cow in to enter 
her at the exhibi- 
tion; and wishing 
to have it app ar 
that she was a very 
j:reat milker, from 
the size of her ud- 
der aud teats, he 
prevented (he calf 
from suckiriij her 
and did not milk her 
lor a considerable 
length of time. 
When he led her to 
the fair, her nag 
was .swollen so and 
she was in such 
pain for want of be- 
ing milked, that be 
ci mid scarcely lead 
her along. So he 
armed himself with 
a stout stick, and 
with this he thumped and pelted both the cjw aud calf as they 
proceeded. He beat the cow to make her go, aud the calf to 
keep it from sucking. But he received a sudden check iu his 
cruel course, for on the road he chanced to meet a very humane 
man, the very president of *he society before mentioned, who 
immediately called a policeman, and forced the countrymau to 
hait, right there in the crowded street, long enough 10 let the 
calf suck all it could, while quite a crowd assembled to witness 
the sight. Now this is the scene that we have here pictured iu 
the engraving. We can readily see which is the policeman, by 
his peculiar dress; aud we see no face in all that crowd that 





SOS 



JUVENILE INSTBUOTOB. 




looks half so cru-1 and devoid of feeling, as the countryman's, 
who standi holding the cow hy the rope, with his cudgel in his 
hand We can almost fancy hearing hiiu say in answer to the 
policeman's deiu&i d for hini to stop: "A'ra 1, now. would ye be 
aft her interfeiin wiii a man, when its his own haste? Hiven't 
I raised her from a chilt, the same? And would ye be afther 
cd'in this the fray land of Aniirik.vV 

Niw readers, when passion, ambition, avarice or anything 
el-e s' all prompt you to act in a manner which is cruel or harsh, 
remember that nothing will wn lit-- kindness; in laet, just stop 
iong enough to ask yourselves the question; would it be.Aumanef 



'For the Juvenile Instructor. 

B)Y'3 VOYAGE JRjOUSXTD 

THE ■\ATO"EtX J ID 
(Continued.) 




OWIX't to the shoal water at the mouth of the Tumbez 
river, vessels anchor in the estuary formed by the sea and 
a sand-bar i.ear the river's uiouth. The country is low and 
swampy, and covered with till reeds and mangrove trees, swarm- 
ing wiih mosquitoes. The town or city of Tumbez is situated 
several miles up the river. I did not visit it, but was informed 
that it was of little or uo importance. The day after anchoring 
all hands under the direction of the mate and cooper,, com- 
menced ''beckating" the water casks previous to floating them 
up the river. The court hoop are loosened sufficiently to 
iii-crt a piece of rope, bent into the shape of a loop, and then 
re-diiven. Tour of these beckets are used on one cask. The 
casks w used were of five barrels capacity each. Twenty-. lve 
ot the cusks are hoisted overboard, and a line rove through the 
beckets, making a long, narrow raft. Tin' boats are lowered 
and take the raft in tow, going up the river lour or five miles 
until clear ot brackish water. The bungs are then knocked out 
and the casks are soon filled and re-bunged, and the rait is 
towod back to the ship. This is the most laborious part of lh" 
Work, as the casks, when fill 'd, lay deep in the water and tow 
hard. After getting five hundred barrels of water on board 
in this manner, the crew had three days 1 wood ch ipping on 
shore, and boati-ig it to tin- ship [,, this time we secured 
about fourteen cords if mangrove wood. O ions, sw-et pota- 
to s an I pumpkins wre purchased, and *e WTe daily regaled 
on plantains, bananas an I oianges. Whil • hen- we ais ■ feasted 
on a small but delicious oyster, that was sold to us at ihe rate 
of one dollar per barrel in the shell. We remained at the 
anchorage ten days, during which tine- the ship was re-stocked 
Willi provisions for am iher six months' cruise: and our captain 
proposed giving us our semi-annual three day's liberty; but 
there was considerable obji Ctioit to the place, on the part of the 
boat-steerers and crew. We had seen euoueh of the country 
and left blood enough with the mosquitoes when cutting the 

wood. The old man, taking a lesson from tic Amethyst mutiny 
wisely concluded to come to terms. So the anchor was hove 
up and we commenced beating to the southward (or 1'ayta. 
The wind blowing generally fr m the south along this coast, we 
had it right in our teeth, but the captain spread the canvas 
pretty liberally, and the old ship made good time. When 
twenty miles off Cape Blanco, we fell in with a balsa, like our- 
selves I, attug up to windward, but on the opposite tack. This 
singularly constructed piece of naval architecture is one of the 
last relics of the ancient 1'cruvians, still occasionally used, not 
by the present inhabitants, •"■wever, bu by the descendants id' 
the Incas, who, in all these years, still hold on to a few of those 
arts BO peculiar to their nationality. 

The balsa is constructed by lashing logs of some light wood 
together transversely until a thickness of four to six feet is 
gained. On this raft a platform is erected, and a mast steped, 
on which is hoisted a large, square sail. The craft is steered 



with peculiarly shaped boards, rutiniag through the logs into 
the water. There were eight or ten people on the bal-a that 
we fell in with, including two women, besides qui^e a cargo of 
f wis and fruit. The wind was blowing quite stiff at the time, 
and a heavy sea on. We were all astonished to s. j e how well 
this singular looking craft kept to the wind. Although not 
making the speed of our ship through the water, the balsa did 
not make apparently any more leeway. Iudeed I afterwards 
beard several experienced seamen pronounce the balsa the safest 
sea-going craft afloat. 

Three days after leaving Tumbez we anchored in the harbor 
of Payta, This little bay affords a good and secure anchorage 
to vessels, but the miserable little town and the bleak, barren 
country surrounding is the most desolate I ever looked upon. 
Treeless ami lifeless for hundreds of miles stretches this dreary 
waste of barren rock and sand. Clustered at the foot of a tall 
ash-colord cliff are the houses composing this miserable little 
town, with no fresh water within thirty miles of the place. Not 
a tree or blade of grass, or sign of vegetation to be seen for 
miles. Nothing but the burning, dusty, ashey sand hills. No 
rain has ever been known to have cooled the scorching plain, 
flried by the salt sea breeze and the furnace-like winds from the 
Puna mountains. The houses are small and mean, constructed 
of canes and grey mud. The streets are narrow and dirty, and 
the two thousand inhabitants correspond in every particular 
vith this burnt out portion of creation. The water you drink 
is brought a distance of thirty miles on the backs of mules and 
sold to you a' the rate of a real (twelve and a half cents) a gal- 
lon. The principal occupation of the men is loafing, while the 
morals of the females are far below par. Dogs and their 
attendants — fl -as — are the most active an I flourishing part of 
the animal life, the only lite in and around Payta. 

Histo ically speaking, \\v place has little record. Built as a 
receiving port for the city of Piura, forty-five miles distant 
inland, it has never gained much importance as a commercial 
point. Whale ships frequent the port to give liberty, and the 
South Pacific mail steamers touch at the place once or twice a 
month to deliver and receive the mail. This, with an occasional 
earthquake, shaking a little life into the inhabitants, is about 
all that keeps them fro drying up and drifting away with the 
ash's that surround them. 

In Novemb r. 1684. the buccaneers, undi r Captains Swan 
and D nmpier. anchored before the place and demanded a ran- 
som of flour, sugar, wine and water to be brought off to the 
ships. Alter waiting six days, they obtained nothing, and in 
revenge, burnt th ' town. Afterwards Lord Anson sacked the 
place; ate) still later. Lord Cochrane stripped the place of 
everything, not excepting such articles even as were of uo use 
to the ravagers. As we had already taken in our wood, wati r 
and vegetables at Tumbez for the next cruise, our only business 
at Payta was to give liberty to the crew, and for the captain to 
arrange some little maritime regulations with the authorities. 
And then for. another six months' hunt for blubber on the broad 
Paeific. 

Por several weeks previous to our going into p. rt, I had been 
revolving in my mind the propriety of running away from the 
ship. It is true I had signed a contract or bond to remain with 
l.er for the voyage, and it might be considered bad faith and 
dishonorable on my part to desert; but I reasoned all thoughts 
of this kind down, and, I think, justly. The owners or their 
agents, from the shipping masters to the ship's captain, had 
unscrupul usly broken all contracts on their part, and why 
should I hold to mine? The bills presented by the agents 
against me amounted to ninety dollars. This was for trans- 
portation from Philadelphia to Nantucket, and for a shabby 
outfit, a lot of miserable slops, for which I was charged treble 
the value of good articles. This, with the money drawn from 
the ship when at Talcahuana, for which I was charged twenty- 
five per cent, interest, made my tool indebtedness about one 







J TJ "V E DST I H, E3 INSTBCTOE, 



SO 3 






hundred dollars. As a balance to this there were about one 
and a half barrels of sperm oil, which, valued at the market 
price when we sailed from home, was worth seveuty-fiv ; dollars 
to my credit. Now, not counting the black-tish oil — about one 
hundred barrels — taken during the voyage, together with the 
fourteen month's hard work, eveu though the ship had found 
me my board, I considered we were pretty nearly square ; if 
anything, the owners had the advantage. Having settled the 
point to my own satisfaction, a thing easily dune when we have 
it all to ourselves, the next point was how to acoon.plioh my 
wishes. Of course I was obliged to wait until we went into 
port to see "how the land lay," as sailors say, and then I could 
fully make up my mind and come to some decision. No plans 
could be formed until I could gel ashore, anil then circumstances 
might probably be ouch that I could lake advantage of ihem. 

( To be tonttnur.il. ) 



£i I S 



? O &L IT OF 

O £i TJ IR, O H. 

( Continued. ) 



THE 




rjlHEfood had to be carefully husbanded. The greater part 
JL of the people weighed out their flour and conked and ate so 
much per day. Those who were destitute had to be helped, 
and though there were some cases of selfishness, these were the 
exceptions; the people generally were kind to each other, aud 
were ready to help to the extent of their power. Bishops 
Tarleton Lewis aud Edward Hunter were appointed to act in 
behalf of the destitute and to see that they d.d not suffer. As 
the food brought in the wagons was not sufficient to supply the 
wants of the people, recourse Was had to such roots as could be 
procured. One or two persons were poisoned during the wiu- 
ter bv eating wild parsnip roots; but sago aud thin tie roots were 
dug, aud were cousulered, in the huugry condition the pc pie 
Were then in, a great luxury. In the spring, the thistle-tops 
were cooked lor greens, and pronounced excellent. We scarcely 
think a mess of thistle tops would be thought a fine dish now; 
but we remember thinking them the best greens we had ever 
tasted. The wheat which was brought through as a part, of 
the outfit ol the people, was ground at a little mill on City 
Creek, owned by Bro. Charles Ciisinon. Tin re was no bolt to 
the mill, and ihe flour, shorts aud br.in had to be eaten 
together, a very healthy kind of flour, full ot strength and 
nutrimeut, but not such perhaps, as people of delicate palates 
and swmachs would choose. Hunger, however, made this flour 
very sweet to those who used it, and it proved a most excellent, 
healthy diet. We think that if we had no b'dting cloth in any 
of our mills at the present time, and the people were to be com- 
pelled to eat their flour unbolted, as tliose did who lived in this 
Valley at the time we refer to, good health would be much 
more common than it is. In those' days, when an extra fine 
pan ol biscuits was desired, as was sometimes the case on a 
birthday, or when neighbors visited each other, the house- wife 
Would Use acorn meal seive to take out the coarsest of the bran 
aud eveu then the flour was what would now be called very 
coarse. 

Living on short rations was particularly hard on young peo- 
ple who were growing and who hid plenty of steady, hard 
work to do. Afier living for mouths without, having an oppor- 
tunity of gratifying the appetite to its full extent, they would 
be .apt to wonder how it was when they had plenty of food, and 
the privilege of eating all they wished, ihey ever stopped eat- 
ing; for in the hungry condition in which they were then, it. 
seemed to them that if they had plenty of lood, 'hey would 
not know how to stop eating it. Their systems, being reduced 
by the scantiness of their food and the hard labor they had to 
perform, craved nourishment, and the filling of the stomach 



once did not satisfy this craving. We will relate an instance to 
illustrate this: 

A boy who was approaching manhood was allowed the privi- 
lege of inviting some of his companions to dinner ou his birth- 
day, which happened to be in mid-winter, when the scarcity of 
food was probably felt more keenly than at any other time 
during the season of scarcity. At that meal, aud tor that occa- 
sion only, as it was his birthday, food was not to be measured, 
but all were to eat as much as they pleased. Some of the 
readeisof the Juvenile Instructor may have had the exper- 
ience of living for some time on a short allowance of food. If 
so, they can easily imagine the feelings of the boy who.-e birth- 
day was to be thus celebrated. He dwelt wnh a rare anticipa- 
tion of enjoyment on the feast in preparation, and made his 
calculations on the quantity he meant to eat. ''I will eat," 
said he to himself, ''enough at that meal to make up for the 
scantiness of many future meals." But alas! he found, ahen 
he had done his best, that he had eaten but little more than his 
usual rations, and had failed completely iu laying up such a 
store as he had anticipated. He had not beeu aware until he 
made this trial, that his stomach had contracted, and had 
accommodated itself to the limited quantity of food which it 
received at each meal, aud, therefore, could not be so suddenly 
distended for one meal to suit hi.s wishes. Half an hour after 
he had eaten, he was hungry again, and coukl he then have sat 
down to such another meal, it is probable he could have eaten 
as much as he did before. 

One of the chief causes of thistle tops being so welcome in 
the spring of 1848 was, they filled up and distended the stom- 
ach. Bulk is as necessary as nutriment to food, as the people 
who lived here in those days learned. To have the stomach 
full was an agreeable sensation, even if the contents were only 
thistle tops. People thrived better ou a much smaller quantity 
of flour with plenty of greens, than ihey did on flour alone, 
even though the extra flour they ate without the greens might 
have contained more nutriment than the greens. 

The beef used during the winter was generally very poor. 
The most of the cattle had reached the Valley late in the season 
and then hail to be worked hard to prepare tor winter; of 
course they had no chance to improve in flesh. Those Which 

were turned out on the range as si as they reached here did 

hut little more than keep up the flesh they had, withou 
getting fat. Butb r and tallow were, consequently, very scarce 
articles, and Bhe people craved them. Soute felt, the need of 
grease of Mine kind so much tint' it seemed a«t if their entrails 
would crack for want of it. Where milk was freely used this 
want was not so sensibly felt; but many did not have milk in 
the winter, and having nothing but the leanest of beef to eat. 
their natures craved grease of some kind. There was nothing 
that, could contribute t- sustain life that was wilfully suffered to 
go to waste. If an ox mired, and he were tuo poor to get out 
or to live if pulh'd out, his throat was cut, and his car ass w«- 
used as food. Tin' big gr".y wolves came down from the luoui - 
tains in M;irch, 1^47, and chased the cattle which were feodin : 
on the east bench in sight of the fort. They succeeded in kill 
ing several head Eveu those ports of this meat which th 
wolves hail not rorn was used for food. Some few persons even 
tried the flesh of crows to see what nutriment they could .xtrat t 
front it; but we helieve where the experiment was made once, 
it was not repeated. 

('Jo be continued.} 



He may well be contented who needs neither to borrow nor 

flatter. 



Repentance without amendment is like continually pumping 
without mending the leak. 





SO-4 



JUVEITILE HTSTBTJCTOR 




\t $ufo$ttiU insffiufoiu 



CEOsVCE Q- CANNON - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1873. 



EDITORIAL THCOTJC3-HITS. 





;UR volume is closed, the labors of another 
year are finished ; and with heartfelt 
thanks to the Giver of all good, we dedi- 
cate these pages to the glory of His holy 
name. 

To all our readers, young and old, we 
wish a happy New Year — a foretaste of 
the eternal happiness we all hope to 
enjoy; adding to our wish the reminder 
that they in whose hearts dwells the love 
of God are the truly happy, as they who strive 
to do His will are the truly virtuous. 

During the past year the enemies of Zion 
have been far from idle; but failure is written 
on all their effi.rts. Zion has grown, her chil- 
dren have prospered and those who have put 
their trust in God have not been coufounded ; and 
<74 is dawning with fairer prospects to those who 
re virtue, honor and truth than did the old year, 
now passing away, for all of which thi.se who love 
her cause rejoice; but while the joy is ours, the glory and the 
praise are His. 

THE first number of our new volume, enlarged to twelve 
pages and printed on superior paper, is now ready. Agents 
and individual subscribers will greatly oblige by sending us 
their orders at as early a date as practicable. 

Of our subscribers wo would ask if the efforts made during 
the past year to instruct and edify the children of God's people 
have met with their approval, and equalled their expectations? 
If so, and we sincerely trust that they have, we claim the 
reward of our labors in the renewal of their subsciiptions for 
the coming volume — the most substantial evidence of their sat- 
isfaction. While all the friends of true education in Utah are 
earnestly invited to give the weight of their influence to increase 
the circulation of the Juvenile Instructor in the homo and 
by the firesides of the Saints, we doubt not that they will only 
consider that they are doing their share, as we are trying to do 
ours, in this mission of doing good. 

We hope that the bishops throughout the Territory will take 
an active interest in s>;t titm forth before the members of their 
wards the claims of the Juvenile Instructor upon their 
patronage' also that tin superintendents and teachers of Sabbath 
Schools will consider themselves specially commissioned to can- 
vass for subscriptions to it, and thereby benefit their pupils and 
the Sabbath School cause in the Territory, the organ of which 

is the Juvenile Instructor. 



The Corner Loafer Sketched. — The young man on the 
cornet, with his hit a little to one side, the stub of a cheap 
cigar in his mouth, and a stare for every lady who passes, is a 
loafer. I>i you know where he gets his money? His mother 
earns v. for him by taking in washing. Poor soul ! She thinks 
her boy will get work soon. He could Hud work to keep him 
busy fifteen hours a day, if he wanted it. But he is a lazy 



loafer, and don't want to work. If he does get a place he 
shirks, or does his work so badly that he is soon discharged. 
He never works for the same man twiee. Or, perhaps, he is 
particular what kind of work he does with his own hands. He 
looks down ou that sweaty carpenter who hurries by him ; he 
nods condescendingly at his friend, the shoemaker, and sends 
a whiff of smoke into the eyes of the painter with both hands 
full of paint-pots and brushes. He could not borrow ten cents 
of one of them. They know he would never pay it. They 
earn their money. He begs his of his mother. Stylish boy, 
isn't he? — Selected. 



AUST EXAMPLE 



AT a meeting of the stockholders of a prominent railway 
corporation, recently held in Boston, there were present 
two gentlemen, both up in years, one, however, considerably 
the senior of the other. In talking of the old times gone by, 
the younger gentleman called the attention of his friends and 
told a pleasant little story, which should be read with profit by 
every poor, industrious and striving lad. We use his own 
language : 

"Nearly half a century ago, gentlemen, I was put upon the 
world to make my living. I was stout, willing and able considering 
my tender years, and secured a place in a hardware store, to do 
all sorts of chores required. I was paid seventy-five dollars a 
year for my services. One day, after I had been at work three 
months or more, my friend there, Mr. B., who holds his age 
remarkably well, came into the store and bought a large bill of 
shovels aud tongs, flat-irons and pans, buckets, scrapers aud 
scuttles, for he was married next day, and was supplying 
his household in advance, as was the custom in those 
days. The articles were packed on the barrow and made a 
load sufficiently heavy for a young mule. But, more willing 
than able, I started off, proud that I could move such a mass 
on the wheelbarrow; I got on remarkably well, till I struck the 
mud road, now Seventh Avenue, leading to my friend B.'s 
house; there I toiled and tugged, and tugged and toiled, and 
could not budge the load up hill, the wheel going its full half 
dia ueter in the mud every time I tried to propel forward. 
Finally, a good natured Irishman, passing by with a dray, took 
my barrow, self and all, on his vehicle, aud, in consideration of 
my promise to pay him a bit, landed me at the house. 

"I counted the articles carefully as I delivered them i aud, 
with my empty baijrow, trudged my way back, whistling with 
glee over uiy triumph over difficulty. Some weeks after, I 
paid the Irishman the bit, and never got it back from my em- 
ployers. Mr. B., I am sure, would har ••■ remunerated me, but 
be never before beard this story; so, if he is inclined, he can 
compromise, the debt by sending me a bushel of his rare-ripe 
peaches next fall. But to the moral. A merchant had wit- 
nessed my struggles, and how zealously I labored to deliver 
that load of hardwire; he even watched me to the house, and 
saw me count each piece as 1 landed it in the doorway. He 
sent for me the next day and asked my name, told me he had a 
reward for my industry and cheerfulness under difficulty in the 
shape of a five hundred dollar clerkship in his establishment. I 
accepted, and now, aftor nearly halt a century has passed, I 
look back aud say, I wheeled myself into all I own, for that 
reward of perseverance was my grand stepping stone to for- 
tune." 

The speaker was a very wealthy banker, a man of influence 
and position, and one universally respected for many good qual- 
ities of head and heart. 

Boys, take a moral from this story, and be willing and indus- 
trious. You do not know how many eyes are upon you, to 
discover whether you are sluggish or careless, or industrious 
aud willing. — Selected. 





J" TJ "V" IE IN" I Xj EJ instruotob. 



S05 




THE BUFFALO. 




OUR article is entitled the Buffalo. By this term we do not 
refer to the American bison, commonly but improperly 
called the buffalo; but to the animal represented iu our engrav- 
ing, which our readers will observe is in many respects very 
unlike the American animal. In fact it is more like the com- 
mon ox, with whom it is classed by naturalists. 

There are several species of buffaloes, the principal of which 
are — 

The Tndian (Asiatic) buffalo, which is found both tame and in a 
wild state. The natives call the wild kind Arna, and the tame 
Bhaiusa. The former is much larger than the latter, standing 
when full grown, as high as the tallest man. So strong are 
these creatures that an Arna bull has been krown to butt down 
a good sized elephant with a single stroke of its horns. 

The Manilla buffalo is a smaller variety ot the Arna. It is a 
native of the Phillipine Islands iu the Indian Ocean. 

The African buffalo, sometimes called the Kaffir, or Cape 
buffalo, is not the least known of the tribe. It is found chiefly 
in the southern half of the continent of Africa. It is a crea- 
ture of huge size and great strength, often waging war with 
the lion and even with man himself. In his encounters with 
mankind, he is unfortunately often successful, and it is reported 
among the natives of South 
Africa that there are more deaths 
among them, caused by buffalo 
bulls, than by all the other wild 
beasts that dwell in that region. 

The buffalo is low iu propor- 
tion to its bulk. Its hide is gen- 
erally black, its tail long and 
slender. Its milk is good, aud 
its leather very strong. These 
animals generally live in small 
herds, but are sometimes found 
in herds of considerable num- 
bers. The natives of Western 
Africa assert that if the foremost 
of a lu-rd be attacked on its 
march, all those that follow will 
retaliate ; if one in the middle 
be selected, all those before will 
pass on, but those behind will 
turn upon the enemy; if the last be injured all the rest will 
continue their journey as if nothing had happened. 

The buffalo is a good swimaier, and will readily cross the 
broadest rivers. On land its gait is heavy and it runs with 
its nose near the ground, being greatly guided by the sense of 
smelling. 

These animals are very fierce and stubborn, and are tamed 
with difficulty, but when tamed are used in agriculture and in 
drawing aud carrying burd'ns, for which they are found very 
useful, on account of their great strength. It is said that all 
buffaloes are very much afraid of fire, and have a great dislike 
to red colors. In general they are very inoffensive if not med- 
dled with, but when wcunded or even fired at, their rage 
becomes terrible, as the following incident will show — 

'A party went to hunt a herd of buffaloes which were grazing 
on a piece of marshy ground. As the hunters could not con- 
veniently get within shot of the game without crossing part of 
the marsh, which did not afford a safe passage for horses, they 
agreed to leave their steeds in charge of their Hottentots, and 
to advance on foot, thinking that if any of the buffaloes should 
turn upon them it would be easy to escape by retreating across 
the quagmire, which, though passable for man, would not sup- 
port the weight of a heavy quadruped. They advanced accord- 
ingly and under covert of the bushes approached the game 
with such advantage, that the first volley brought down three 



of the fattest of the herd, and so severely ^wounded the great 
bull leader that he dropped on his knees, bellowing furiously. 
Thinking him mortally wounded, the foremost of the huntsmen 
issued from the covert, and began reloading his musket as he 
advanced to give him a finishing shot. But no sooner did the 
infuriated animal see his foe iu front of him, than he sprang 
up, and rushed headlong upon him with a most frightful roar. 
He caught the unfortunate man with his terrible horns just as 
he had nearly escaped his reach, aud tossed him into the air 
with such force that the body fell, dreadfully mangled, into the 
cleft of a tree. The buffalo rau round the tree once or twice, 
apparently looking for the man, until weakened by loss of blood 
he again sank on his knees. The rest of the party, recovering 
from their confusion, then came up and dispatched him, though 
too late to save their comrade, whose body was hanging in the 
tree quite dead." 

TOM'S LESSON- 




" n O and get it 1 Go and get it, I say 1' ' 

\J Poor little Dash crept close to his young master's feet, 
looking up in his face with earnest, pleading eyes, as if he would 
say, "Please, please don't 1 I cannot do what you want." 

Tom was trying to make Dash 
swim after a stick which he had 
just thrown into the river. Now, 
Dash was not a water dog, hav- 
ing no more love for it than a 
cat, and foolish Tom was bent 
on making him one! He kicked 
the poor little animal away and 
repeated his order; then, angry 
that it was not obeyed, seized 
hiui aud threw hi n into the 
water. The dog was sorely 
\p frightened, but by hard ftrug- 
jpS,gling reached the bank aud 
crawled to his master's feet with 
a pitiful whine, wet, panting, 
trembling. The cruel boy caught 
him up w^h rough words, and 
was just going to throw him iu 
again, when a pair of strong 
arms seized him and a man's voice said, "Here, you young 
scamp ! Now we'll see how yo« li ke to sw ' lU3 '" 

It was Tom's turn to be frightened. He turned pale, trem- 
bled and caught his breath as the stranger lifted Dim in his 
stout arms as easily as he had poor Dash; he began to beg. "Oh, 
sir, pray don't ! I cannot swim, indeed I cannot I Ob, don't 
throw me into the water I I will never, never do so again." 
The man paused, but did not let go uis hold. 
"Neither can your dog swim," said he; "but you meant to 
make him do it, just to amuse yourself. Why can I not make 
you do it to amuse me? I am as much larger and stronger than 
you, as you are larger and stronger than that poor, panting, 
tre nbling dog.'* 

Tom still begged and promised, and the stranger at last let 
him go, saying; "Now, my boy, let me give you a kind word 
of advice. Never treat another, whether human being or dumb 
animal, as you would not like to be treated yourself. Never 
try to make anybody or anything do what God, when he created 
it, did not make it to do, or to be what he did not mean it to 
be. If you keep these rules, you will be a better, wiser, hap- 
pier boy. Good-bye." 

And Tom knew in his heart that the man was right, and the 
lesson, though it scorned severe, had been givcu in kindness. 



Tin: small courtesies sweeten life; the greater ennoble it. 





J"TJ^7"l£3 3Sri31 1 El INSTRUCTOR. 




[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%iUU %t>H$M in ^iitusfr 



(£> 



CIPLES. 



zp^insr- 




WIl'H this number, the eighth volume of the Juvemlk 
Instructor is completed. Among it vast uuuiber of arti- 
cles that have appeared pertaining to almost every braneh of 
useful knowledge, the important science of Chemistry lias been 
represented with a view to interest the young. It is intended, 
with the eommeneement of a new volume, to introduce truths 
pertaining to physiology, at the same time that elementary 
o'uemistry receives attention. Throughout the world the impor- 
tance of chemical knowledge is now recognized; education is not 
deemed complete without au adequate comprehension of the 
sciences, to which chemistry is the gramuicr. Especially to us, 
Man agricultural people, is the knowledge imparted by this 
science desirable. There is nothing to prevent us lrom at least 
laying the foundation of a practical scientific education for our 
youug men, or women, either; we are as capable of giving 
instruction iu our schools as they a re in other places; most 
assuredly Ihe capacity to receive information by our youth is 
equal to that of the most favored lauds. But the taste must be 
created Ibr scientific truths, their utility made apparent their 
highest, rewards shown to be attainable. This is the aim of 
these lessoua in chemistry, to which still further insight into 
oollatera Sciences will, it is hoped, make the acquisition of sci- 
entific knowledge even more desirable. 

It is, however, only in one direction that knowledge can be 
imparted in these lessons, so far as chemistry is concerned ■ the 
practical handling of bodies i- necessary to the student, he 'must 
be informed both to know and to do. This requires apparatus 
re-agent-., suitable buil lings and competent instructors. With 
the desire for these they will appear; knowledge imparted in 
the laboratory will be made availabl ■ iu the field, in the work- 
shop, in all the arts of life for the moie complete development 
of our material resources. 

As oxygen is the most important of the elementary bodies it 
will tir.-t receive attention. For experimental purposes tlii-' i.s 
obtained by beating a mixture of chlorate of potash and black 
oxyd of manganese in tile retort. Ou a small scale other con- 
trivances will be noticed. Potassium and oxygen, chlorine and 
oxygen are the constituents of the chlorate of potassa Heat 
separates the oxygen, which may be conducted into and pre- 
served in a bag for use. Probably some of the most brilliant 
spectacles of the lecture room are perform d by the combustiob 
or oxydatioa of bodies in oxygen; and ii is not b o much to say 
that the greatest truths pertaining to the acieuce of chemistry 
can be elucidated by the pfa momena presented by the chemical 
uniou of the ditfereul forms ol matter with OXYgeri I Hetii 



.A. ZLSTOVZEL DETECTIVE. 

SOME time ago, being in company with a medical man, 
whom I will call Mr. 1?., we fell into conversation on the 
uses of (Ji,.- microscope, in the management of which he was 
an adept. 

''Now/' i, ■ laid, 'i will I II you a story of what happened 
to myself; one whicli I think will illustrate the importance of 
this instrument to a toiety, though I was put in a very unpleas- 
ant position owing to my acq urintanee with it. I have, as you 
know, givn a great deal of attention to comparative anatomy, 
especially to tin- structure of the hair as it appears under the 
microscope. To the unassisted eye, indeed, all hairs appear 



very much alike, except as they are loug or short, dark or fair, 
straight or curly, coarse or fine. Under the microscope, how- 
ever, the case is very different; the white mau's is round, the 
uegro's is oval the mouse's apparently jointed, the bat's 
jagged, and so on. Indeed, every animal has hair of a peculiar 
character; and, what is more, this character varies aecurdiug to 
the part from which i is taker — an important circumstance, as 
will appear from my story, which is this; I once received a 
letter by post, containing a few ha r<, with a rt quest l hat I 
would examiue them, and adding that they would be called for 
in a few days. Accordingly I submitted the hairs to the micro- 
scope, when I discovered that they were from the human 
eyebrow, and had been bruised. I made a note to that effect, 
and folded it within au envelope, ready for the person who sent 
them. Iu a few days a stranger called and inquired whether I 
had made the investigation. "Ohl yes," I said; ''there they 
are, and you will find them and their description in this envel- 
ope," handing it to him at the same time. 

He expressed himself as being much obliged, and offered me 
a fee, which, however, I declined, telling him that I could not 
think of taking anything for so small a matter. It turned out, 
however, of more consequence than I had imagined, for withiu 
a week I was served with a subpoena to attend as a witness to 
a trial for murder. This was very disagreeable, as I have said; 
but there was no help for it now. The case was thus: A man 
had been killed by a blow from some blunt instrument on the 
eyebrow and the hairs sent to me for examination had been 
taken from a hammer in the possession of the suspected mur- 
dered. I was put iu the witness-box, and my teslimouy, "that 
the hairs were from the human eyebrow, and had been 
bruised," was just the link iu the chain of evidence which 
sufficed to convict the prisoner. The jury, however, weie not 
easily satisfied that my statemunt was worth anything; and it 
required the solemn assurance of the judge that such a conclu- 
sion was withiu the reach of science to convince them that they 
mijiht act upon it. 

One juryman in particular — an ohl farmer — was very hard to 
satisfy, 

''Uoes i hee mean to say," said he, "that thee can tell the 
hair of any animai?" 

1 an.-wer d that i would not take upon myself to assert 
positively that I could do so, although I believed 1 could. 

"Well," said lie, 'Til prove thee." 

Tile prisoner as 1 said, was convicted, and I Went home. 
In a busy life of extensive practice I forgot all about my 
obstinate old farmer. About two years afterward, however, a 
person, an utter stranger to me, called ou me with a few hairs 
screwed up in a piece of paper, whic . he aske.d inc to examine 
and report upon. 

'is this another murder case?" I asked; ''for if so, I will have 
nothing to do with it. I have had enough of that sort, ol Work.'* 

''No — no," said he, ''it is nothing of the kind. It is only a 
matter of curiosity, which I should be very much obliged to 
you if you would solve; and if you will do it I will call or send 
for the result of your examination in a few days' time." 

Having received this assurance, I undertook the investiga- 
tion. When he was gone, and I had leisure, 1 put. the hairs 
under a microscope, and soon discovered that they were taken 
from the back of a Norway rat. Two or three days aitcrward, 
as I was sitting iu my room, au old farmer-looking man was 
ushered in. 

"Well," said he, ''has thee looked at them hairs?" 

"Yes," I answered, ''and I find that they are taken from the 
back of a Norway rat." 

"Well," he exclaimed, "so they are. Thou hast forgotteu 
me, but I have not forgotten thee. Dost thee recollect the trial 
of murder at L. assizes? I said I would prove thee, and so I 
have, for them hairs came from the back of a rat's skin my 
sou scut me from Norway." 





CTTT^Elsril-iE UsTSTBUCTOB 



S07 




So the old gentleman was quite satisfied with the proof to 
which he had put me, and 1, as you may suppose, was well 
pleased that my skill and sagacity had stood slid) a queer 
test as this, and more eonviuced than ever of the value of the 
microscope. 

Here the doctor ended his story, which I have given, as 
nearly as possible, in his own words, and upon which I believe 
that a thorough depende ice may be placed. — [Journal of 
Microscopy. 



HINDOO ODjjS AISTLTIsrESS. 



DURING a seven years' residence in India, I never knew of 
water being drawn from ponds or pools for cooking or 
drinking purposes. While on journeys, be they ever so long, 
or the heat ever so great, che natives will not drink evcept they 
can obtain water from good wells or running str anis, and in 
their own dis'.es, which they always carry with theuj. As for 
foul smells, 1 would fir rather take my chances for pure air in 
any city or town of India than in two-thirds of the wards of 
any city in America where the population exceeds fifteen 
thousand inhabitants. 

The crows vultures- pariah dogs, jackals and fie periodical 
rain* which come in torrents and wish away every remnant of 
filth, are a more erf ctive board of health than any we know 
of in tnis enlightened country. There are no ou'-houses there 
to seud out night and day che horrid effluvia which taints the 
air of all our towns and cities. There is a caste of people 
called melitars, whose inherited occupation it is to do the 
sweeping and to remove the filih from the houses and the 
streets, and who are paid by the families or by the village or 
city authorities. All filth is incessantly removed by theoi to 
some out-of-thr-wiy place, and at the prop t time it is taken 
for enriching the fi- Ids or for burning brick. 

The immense waste a-nd decomposition of animal and. vege- 
table ma:ter, caused by the prodigality ol the American 
p ople, is entirely unknown in India. Carefulness and strict 
eco< omy oi food are absolutely necessary. Tnat there are 
stagnant pools and un'cleanliness is not to be denied, but 
comparatively India has greatly the advantage cf America. 

In personal cleanliness, the people of the plains of India are 
incomparably io advance of the Americans or Europeans. 
Tue Abbe l.'ubois, who spent eighteen years of reseaich and 
inquiry among the Hindoos, "as one of them, conforming 
exactly in all things to their manners, to their styloof living and 
clothing, and even to most ot their pr judiees," says; ''In their 
conduct and the whole intercourse of life, the Braining have 
nothin r so much at heart as cleanliness," and gO"-i on to recite 
a great number of circumstances which render it necessary for 
a Bramin to bathe. They always bathe before pr paring or 
eating food. All good Bramins bathe, o ice a day, fastidious 
ones three times. Other castes, thou/h not so strict as the 
Bramins in washing their bodies and garments, art; yet cleaner 
than Western nations. Many of the poorer and lower castes 
are dirty through extreme poverty and over work, but I hardly 
think that there could be found one who could say, as did an 
E iglish laborer on being prescribed a bath for a certain ali- 
ment, ''I haven't washed for this 'ere forty year, and I'll not 
begin now." — Selected. 




Lkarn alt, you can !— Never omit an opportunity to learn 
all you can. .Sir Walter Scott said that even in a stage coach, 
In; always found somebody who could tall him something he did 
not .<now. Conversation is Ir quently more useful than books 
for purposes of knowledge. It is, therefore, a mistake: to be 
morose and silent among persons whom you think ignorant, for 
a little sociability on your part will draw th^m out, and they 



will be able to teach you something, no matter how ordinary 
tbeir employment. Indeed, some of the most sagacious remarks 
are made by persons of this description, respoctins' their par- 
ticul ir pursuit. Hugh Miller, the Scotch geologist, owed not 
a little of his fame to observations made when he was a jour- 
neyman stoue-uiason and working in a quarry. Socrates well 
said that there was but one good, which is knowledge, and one 
evil, which is ignorance. Every grain of sand goes to make a 
heap. A gold digger takes the smallest nuggets, and is not fool 
enough to throw them away because he hopes to find a huge 
lump some time. So in acquiring knowledge, we should never 
despise an opportunity, however unpromising. If there is a 
moment's leisure, spe id it over go id or ms'ruct.ive talking with 
th ! first you u eet. 



Stick to It. — We earnestly entreat every young man, after 
he has chosen his vocation to stick to it. Don't leave it because 
hard blows are to be struck, or disagreeable work perlbrmed. 
Those who have worked their way up to wealth and usefulness 
do not belong to the shiftless, unstable class, but may be reckoned 
among such as took <rff their c ats, rolled up sleeves, conquered 
their prejudices against labor, and manfully bore the heat and 
burden of the day. Whether upon the old farm, where our 
fathers toiled diligently, striving to bring the soil to produc- 
tiveness; in the machine shop or factory, or the thousand other 
business places that invite honest toil and skill, let the motto 
ever be; "Perseverance and industry 
boys, and you will have .-.u.eess. 



Siiek to one thing, 



A distribution of priz s occurred at the 12th Ward Sab- 
bath School oi this cily, on the 7 h fust., when book- to the 
value of nearly one hun (red d 11 irs were award d to the pupils, 
according to merit, for punctual attendance, good behavior, 
application to studies, etc., all reflecting credit upon the school 
and upon Bro. B. L'ampb 11 a- superintendent. 

An examination of the Bou ti'ui Sabbath School under Supt. 
J. Keyuastou, was held on the 14th inst., when a large number 
of books were given as rewards to the children. 



CHRISTMAS IS OOMI1TG. 



Christmaf-j once more, is drawing near — 
T nc merriest time ot all Iheycat; 
Ami chile ren much impatience show 
To know where Santa Clan- will go: 

And maey a one prepares with eare. 

Christmas gifts for "here* 1 and "there," 
Hoping that they each In turn 
Something from ^anta ClaUS may learn. 

And many Utile ones long to know 
How large their stockings then will grow; 
Whether Santa Clans will bring them Joy, 
111 ttlio new dress, or book, or toy. 

Yd may Hie in. Try Utile folks 
Amid their laughter, fan and joke-, 
Forget not, lh..' tin ir In -iir s are guy, 
Many are sorrowful that day. 

Because tliey ha" e no friends to send 
Christmas presents without end, 

To make them on their Chrlslmas day, 
Happy as those who around them play. 

And now, t hope, good ehlldrcn all, 
From Santa Clans you'll have a call, 
And tnat he will sueh gifis tiestow, 
That earh dear child some Joy may know. 
Spanish Foiik. 



A. K. 





S08 



JTTVIEinsril-iE INSTRUCTOR. 




OTTR _O^W3T STTZLSTID^Z" SOHOOL. 

(TONE: — Sweet Bye and Bye, From the Emerson Organ Metliod.) 



WobD8 by Wm. Willes. 



Music bt J. P Webster. 



o g 

Z -8 - 
O M 



-g-4 — fi — P= 



=£=£= 



ST 



=P=^ 



£=£ 



^=:P 



f^ 



rP=ff 



^£ 



There's a theme for the old and the young, that is worthy the pen of a 



*J T. 



■> f» I I- 



^—^-^J ~- 



J*=^ 



3*==t=\: 



sage. It is soundiug from every tongue, And em - blazoned on his - to - ry's 



page. 



o 




' Tis our 



Sunday School. 



Let it echo from every 



■ *-£—£ - 



r —r—r— r= rr—r -] -g— e=g=^g=g— g=^ 



--?=? — r— f=rz 



m 



'Tis our own Sunday School, 'tis our own Suuday School, Let it 

-I * I* — I* 



r — >— I P 



Sunday School 



echo from every 



:?=£=£: 



-»* — #> 



Sunday School. Let it 



r *• — * — •», » . -» — 1 — 



echo from every 



-a 



: £>y : 






•? _; 



tongue. 



'Tis our own 



Sunday School. 



Let 



rr r r=r^ 






tongue, Sunday School, 'Tis our own Sunday School, Tis our own Sunday School Let it 

- -ft r> — r~' P* h 



^ 



:£=?E 



^S=-W- 



' - - > - 



=p— pc=p 



tongue, Sunday School, 



=ft=^ 



=1**= 



Sunday Ouliool, 



m 



echo from every 



tongue. 



Z ?=^ 



=^ 



Pi 



Ouuiiay School, Let it 



After last Verse Repeat Chorus , Diminuendo 
gradually to the end. 



echo 



from evry 



tongue. 



,m 



I 



cciiu liow every 10 guc. 

"Feed my lambs," 6aid the Savior, of old, 

Keeping guard, lebt the wolves should assail; 
We know they are cunning and hold, 

If we're watchful, they cauuot prevail. 



The power of the priesthood Bhall stand, 
And prevail o'er the laud and the sea; 

King Jesus will lake the command, 
And the earth from ah evil lie free. 



PUZZLE. 



From six take nine, from nine take ten, 
From forty take fifty, and let six remain I 

(To be Answered in next Volume.) 



B. 




The answer to the Charade in dumber 23 is INTEMPER- 
ANCE. We have received correct answers from J. Webster, 
Taylorsville, C. Denney, G. W. Callister and Joseph Wilson, 
Salt Lake City. 



U pub'ished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVER* OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNuN, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS 1'f ADVANCE 

&mgte Copy, per Annum $£ 00. 

E^~ Grain brought to this city for the Juvenile Instructor wll 
be received at the office of paper— Dksehet News Buildings. 




