
VOL 4. 



SALT LAKK CiTY, SATURDAY, JUNE 19, 1869. 



NO. 13. 



THE STOT^ir 



OIF" .^lVEEI?.IO-A.3Sr 

/Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

[CONCLUDED.] 



I3:iSTOI?.Y. 



f^. 



IN several cases that had previously existed in the history of 
the world, where a number of small states were situated 
near each other, which possessed general interests common to 
them all, the plan of a le ^gue or federation had been adopted. 
That is, the several small states maintained each a d stinct and 
independent government, and then these governments leagued 
themselves together for the common defense, and for other 
purposes of interest to them all; but this plan had never suc- 
ceeded very well, for such leagues have never proved strong or 
permanent. In the operation of the system, it was found that 
the separate governments would send their delegates to the 
genersl assembly, 
and votes would 
be passed there; 
but then, if any 
particular state did 
not approve of a 
vote, they would 
not comply with 
it, and there was 
no way of com- 
pelling them to 
comply but by 
sending an armed 
force, and making 
war upon them 
This made a great 
deal of trouble. 

Indeed, such 
federations weie 
continually getting 
involved in diffi- 
culties of all 
kinds, arising from 
the governments 

of the individual states neglecting or refusing to carry out the 
measures which the confederation had agreed upon. 

The difficulty was that the coufederatii u had no power to 
carry its measures into execution itself, but wa.s obliged to de- 
pend upon the action of the several states in carrying them into 
execu tion. This made the confederation weak; and, in cases 
where the states seriously disagieed, it became utterly power- 
less. 

The Americans devised a scheme to meet these difficulties 
which was entirely new. Nothing like it had ever been before 
tried in the history of the world. The plan was to create two 




independent systems of government — a system of general 
government for all business of general and common interest, 
and a system of state government for business of local interest. 
Tiius they dividrd the business; and for one branch of it they 
made the whole country one nation, while for another branch 
of it they divided the country into a large number of distinct 
and independent nations. In respect to peace, and war, and 
foreign commerce, and dealing with the Indians, and the post- 
office, the country is one country; it has one Legislature, one 
population, and one set of executive officers, who have power 
to go everj'where, and execute the laws themselves which relate 

to the departments 
of business that 
belong to them, 
withoutcalling up- 
on the state gov- 
ernments at all. 
Ontheotherhand, 
so far as the laws 
which govern the 
transaction of bus- 
iness, the punish- 
ment of ordmary 
crimes, the char- 
tering of compan- 
ies, the inherit^ 
ance of property, 
and all other such 
subjects, are con- 
cerned, the coun- 
try is not one. la 
respect to these 
things there is no 
union at all. There 
is not even a feder- 
ation. The states pre independent in these, and the govern- 
ment of each is supreme within its own boundaries. 

Young persons somciimcs imagine that the general govern- 
ment is, in some sen.se, a government ahuvc the state govern- 
ments, and that it exercises a sort of superintendence over them; 
but this is not so in any sense whatever. The general govern- 
ment extends its juri.sdiction over a witirr field than the state 
governments, it is true, but it does not rise to any higher eleva- 
tion in respect to sovereignty and power. It is supreme in re- 
spect to the business intru.'.tod to it, and so are the state govern- 
ments supreme in respect to the business intrusted to them. 



f&rf^B&fiS^i^a^^'' 



Wil^"^ 



■r^ 






ti 




J- -CJ "V E niTI L E XlSrSTI^TJOTOIE^, 



'fC-d 



The government of Virginia, for example, has founded a 
university, in the heart of the state, for the education of young 
men. That is a business that belongs to the state. Now, 
neither the President of the United States, nor the Congress, 
nor both combined, can touch that institution at all, no matter 
how well or how badly the government of Virginia may man- 
age it. The education of the people of Virginia is a subject 
that belongs to the state. In respect to that business the state 
is supreme, and the general government of the United States 
has no more power to touch it than has the government of 
France, or England, or that of any other country. 

On the other hand, at Gosport, near Norfolk, in Virginia, is 
a navy-yard, established and maintained by the government of 
the United States. JIverything that pertains to the navy belongs 
to the departments of national defjn=c and foreign commerce, 
and those things are the business of the general government. 
The general government accordingly bought the land for that 
navy-yard, and built the docks and piers, and hired the work- 
men, and, although the ground is within the limits of the State 
of Virginia, neither the governer of Virginia, nor the Legis- 
lature, nor both together, can touch the navy-yard at all, no 
matter how well, or how badly the general government may 
manage it. 

In other words, the people of the United States, having a 
variety of public business to perform, have divided the business 
into two great branches, and have adopted one system of gov- 
ernment for one, and another system for the other. In respect 
to certain great subjects of general interest, they have formed 
themselves into one nation, and they have constituted one gen- 
eral government to attend to that business. In respect to an- 
other great branch of business, they deem it more convenient 
to have it transacted in a different way. In respect to this, 
they are not one nation in any sense, but are divided into a 
great many independent states, each of which has supreme and 
sovereign control within its jurisdiction. 

There was a great deal of discussion and debate concerning 
the plan of the government, and it was a long time before the 
system finally adopted was matured, and was fully comprehend- 
ed by the country at large. In many quarters indeed, there 
was great opposition to it. Some thought that the general 
government would be weak and inefScient, and they wished to 
have more power confided to it, and less reserved for the states. 
Others thought that the general government would prove to be 
too strong, and that the rights and powers of the states would 
be overwhelmed by it. The new Constitution was, however, 
finally adopted, though it was not until five years after the war 
was ended, and the independence of the country acknowledged, 
that this grand result was attained, and the new government 
established. 

General Washington was chosen the first president by a unan- 
imous vote- At the close of the war he took leave of the army, 
resigned his commission, and retired to his own estate in Vir- 
ginia, happy in having been the means of bringing the long 
and wearj' war to a successful end. His residence was at Mount 
Vernon, a beautiful place on the banks of the Potomac, not far 
below the city of Washington, the seat of government at the 
present time. New York, however, was the temporary seat of 
government then, the permanent place for the capital not hav- 
ing been yet chosen. Washington accordingly left his home at 
Mount Vernon to proceed.to New York, when the time for his 
inauguration arrived; and as he traveled through the region in 
which he had been exposed to so many dangers, and had passed 
so many long and weary years of toil and suffering during the 
war, the people thronged from all q iarters to greet him as he 
passed, and to hail him as the Father of his Country. 

Having been re elected president he held office until 1797, 
when he again retired to Mount Vernon, where he died and 



was buried in 1799. The engraving on our first paga represents 
the tomb of this good and great man. 

Since that time, the country has advanced in population, 
wealth, and power, with a rapidity which is entirely unparral- 
leled in the history of the human race. The extent of its ter- 
ritory has been greatly enlarged, and many new states have 
been successfully formed and added to the confederation; so 
that the new republic has rapidly risen to a very exalted rank 
among the nations of the earth, and is destined, at no distant 
day, to surpass all the political organizations that have preceed- 
ed her, and to exert a vast influence upon the future destinies 
of the great human family. 



From "Men Who Have 'Ristiv."— Published by Allen & Co., 
New York. 



" T/NIVES to grind!" cried Wilhelra, as he limped through 
XV the streets of Brussels, driving his old crazy machine 
before him. "Knives and scissors to grind!" Wilhelm did 
not limit his trade to the grinding of knives and scissors exclu- 
sively; he would not refuse to put an edge upon a butcher's 
cleaver, and he was even very thankful to obtain a hatchet to 
reduce to chopping acuteness, but he only cried "Knives and 
scissors to grind," as had been the custom of itinerant cutlers 
since the days of Cataline. Wilhelm drove his machine before 
him very slowly, and lie perhaps required to do so, as it was 
rather fragile in its construction; but he called "Knives to 
grind" with a lusty, cheerful, haopy voice, that seemed to belie 
his own constitution; for he, too, like his precursor combination 
of beams, and stones, and wheels, was none of the most robust 
of creation's works. He was a little, ragged, lame, and feeble 
Fleming, with an old and well-worn grinding wheel as his only 
property; and anybody particular in affinities would have said 
they were made for each other. 

Wilhelm's face would have been notified merely as "a face," 
by a passer by. Any one would have been satisfied at a glance 
that it was deficient in none of the constituent parts of tlie 
human visage; but the thought of whether it was beautiful or 
ugly would never have intruded itself amongst his impressions. 
His large, old, broad-brimmed hat was slouched over his back 
and shoulder,-, and threw a deep shade upon his brow; and then, 
again, his thick black hair clung in large curls down his pale 
cheeks, and also partly ob.scured his features; so that Wil- 
helm's countenance was not put forward to ad vantage like those 
of the bucks who promenaded the Boulevards, and therefore, 
it might be full of hidden beauties for ought the world knew. 
His well patched blouse hung loosely around his spare form, 
investing it with even more than its own due proportion of ap- 
parent robustness; but p.jverty's universal and palpable mantle 
hung over him all, with a truthful tell-tale earnestness of whose 
reality there could be no mistake. In this guise Wilhelm 
limped along, then, crying out for customers, and looking sharp- 
ly about him for the same. He would turn his glancing eyes 
to the high windows of the quaint wooden-fronted houses, 
from which pretty damsel.j were looking into the street, and 
then he would look earnestly at the portly merchants who leant 
lazily over their half doors; but, though neither dame nor 
burgher would pay any attention to' him, Wiihelui would still 
jog on and shout as gaily as if he were a wild bird uttering his 
accustomed cry. 

It was through the lower or Flemish part of the city that the 
knife-grinder pursued his slow and devious course, and either 
mantua-making and knife-using were at a discount, or all these 



iK- 



if* 



^ 



J- TJ "V E IsT I L EJ i:iTSTI?.UOTOI^, 



^y. 



utensils had been in good repair in that quarter, for poor Wil- 
helm had little, save the echo of his own cry from the throat 
of some precocious urchin, for his pains. 

Up one street went Wilholra, and down another. He often 
rested in front of the great Ghuroh of St. Gudule, and looked 
admirin;;!}' at its architecture, for he had a strong love for the 
beautiful, although he wis only a knife-grinder; and sometimes 
he would seat himself upon the handle of his machine, in order 
to contemplate the outward grandeur of the Hotel de Ville; but 
if any one had supposed that there was one envious thought in 
all his contemplations, he did the knife-grindjr injustice, for no 
envy had he, poor though he was. 

To those who knew all about Wilhelm there was nothing 
more incomprehensible in the world than his lightness of heart. 
That he should sing was one of the most startling of anomalies 
— he, whose father, the fireman, perished in trying to rescue 
his own wife and Wilhelm's mother from the flames of his 
burning house. It was often said by those who saw the knife- 
grinder's ever-cheerful aspect, that he might think of his 
father and mother, and if nothing else could remind him of 
them, surely his own la'ueness might; for it was upon the night 
when they perished that he was afflicted, and yet he didn't 
seem to think so. 

Wilhelm's life was a lonely enough one, without adding to it 
the pains and penalties of a morbid melancholy; but some folks 
didn't think so, and would have had him forever sad as well as 
lonely. It was acknowledged that Wilhelm was a wonderful 
lad, however; and as this phrase is capable of a multiplicity of 
explications, it miy be as well to stite that he had refused all 
offers of a pecuniary nature from anybody whatever, had estab- 
lished himself in a little dwelling, and supported himself by his 
grinding-maohine, and this is why he was termed wonderful. 
Ifit had been possible to look into the bosom of the knife- 
g inder, there would have b ;en seen throbbing there, and send- 
ing through every channel of his frame a current of boundless 
Ijve, a heart as rich and pure as ever bosom bore. It was a 
wonderful heart, too; for it was stout and strong, and bore up 
as if it had been a giant's sent to animate a weakling. There 
was no flinching in its courage, no drooping in its joyous mood, 
no change in its loving pulsations from morn to night as he 
plodded up one narrow street, down another, through crossings 
and squares, and courts, and by-ways. Wilhelm the knife- 
grinder's heart was a hero's; and let who will say otherwise, we 
will maintain, with tongue and pen, that it was, and of the 
proudest order, t'^o. It is easy, it is natural for hearts to main- 
tain their beauty and their goodness in those suunj' spots of the 
world to which love and beauty are indigenious. By cheerful 
hearths, where, in the ruddj^ glow of the log, and in the bright 
flame, you picture go'den gardens, and caverns, and groves, or 
behold the brightly lighted faces of childhood, how can the 
heart wither or grow sad? In the duality of love resides its 
natural life. Heart answering heart, bright e3'e enlightening 
eye, kind words echoing back love's gentle aspirations — these 
maintain the eternal spring of the affections, as sunlight and 
heart give earth her summer. If Wilhelm had resided in the 
Park where the nobility and English dwelt, or in the great 
Sablon Square among the merchants and savans, it would have 
been easy for one so constituted to have been happy and gay; 
but to retain a vital relation to bright and glorious heaven, 
amidst the darkness and gloom of a lonely little room in the 
dingiest spot of the low town of Brussels, was heroism, let the 
world say as it will. 

"Ob, have pity, and give the poor little homeless one a 
mite!" said a soft and gentle voice — so soft and gentle that the 
words might have been with propriety a Idressed direct to 
Heaven, as well as in the ear of one of Heaven's humblest 
agents upon earth, Wilhelm the knife-grinder. 



It was in a dark and wretched quarter of the town where he 
was thus accosted, a spot whose gloom the shade of evening 
scarcely deepened; black walls, grim with the smoke of ages 
and crumbling to ruin, rose on either hand, and, converging at 
the top, seemed agreed to meet and exclude the blue heavens 
and sunbeam-s. Little windows, dirty, dingy, broken, and rag- 
patched, told that these high walla were the walls of home.s, 
and the faces of human beings, peeping now and again from 
them, were the indices ot immured life and thought. Yet, even 
in that lofty series of chambers, where humility could scarcely 
brook to hve, the little outcast, who had breathed her piteous 
accents to Wilhelm, had no spot to lay her head. 

"One little farthing to buy a roll for poor Lelie," pursued the 
child, in tremulous tones; "oh, I am hungryl" and she laid her 
hand on that of Wilhelm, and looked up in his face. 

The knife-grinder's machine dropped from his hands as if he 
had been suddenly struck, and he turned towards the suppliant 
with so benign a look that the child smiled in his face and 
crouched nearer to his person. 

"Poor Lelie," said Wilhelm, decimating his fortune and 
presenting the tithe to the infant, "art thou hungry?" 

"Yes; and cold, and sad," said the child, artlessly, "I have 
no father nor mother, nor anybody to care lor me; I am a beg- 
gar and an outcast." 

The knife grinder held in his breath, as he bent to listen to 
the words of Lelie, and when she had done he caught her hand, 
stretched himself proudly up, and breathed long and freely, 
while his eyes became radiant and his faca illumined with a sud- 
den and noble purpose. 

"Alone, like me," exclaimed the knife-grinder; "poor child! 
Oh! is there another even more destitute of all the reciprocities 
of love than lame Wilhe m?" and he turned his kindly face 
towards the little girl, "I could sit at my lone fire at night when 
the world around me slept, and I could hold communion with 
my parents' spirits in silent peace and joy; but Lelie, what will 
night be to her but houseless horror. I am a man," pursued 
Wilhelm, again stretching himself, and striving to look strong; 
"I am independent," and he shook the coppers in his pocket; 
"can I not snatch this child from sorrow and hunger? Jan Boos 
the water-carrier keeps a great dog, which I am sure will eat 
more food than Lelie — ^why not keep a child as well as a dog?'* 
The spirit within the knife-grinder seemed to say, why not? and 
the spirit of the outcast child seemed to know it, for Lelie 
crouched still closer to Wilhelm, and looked up in his face as if 
she knew him. "And does no one care for you, Lelie?" said 
the poor lame youth, softly; "is there no one to love you?' 

"JSone but the Father who dwells beyond the stars with good 
angels," said the child, timidly. 

"Then thou shalt go with me for His Son's sake," said Wil- 
helm, snatching her up in his arms and kissing her pale, thin 
cheek, as lovingly and rapturously as if it had bloomed in health 
audbeauty. "Thou shalt go with me, and Iwill love thee and take 
care of thee, and thou shalt grow up to bo a woman, and I will 
be to thee as a father. Sit there, Lelie, and hold on firmly; 
my machine is not very strong, but it will bear thee. I am 
not so brave and stout as the sentinels at the castle gate; but I 
will be weaker if I cannot carry thee home; so here we go;" 
and, with a heart overflowing with feelings which he had never 
known before, and his eyes dancing with a pleasure which sur- 
passed all former emotions, he limped on with his crazy wheel 
and smiling chi.d, the proudest man that night in Brussels. 
( To he Continued. ) 



The eyes of the Lord are in every place, beholding the evil 
and the good. 



^ 



VT9 



^) 



S5^' 



I 



lOO J-TJ^EISriLEl insrSTItTJOTOIS,. 



s^»; 



9^2 







GEORGE Q. CAIVIVOIV, : EOITOTl. 

SATURDAY, JUxXE 19, 1809. 

'^IDXTO'RXJ^T^ THZOXJO-HTS- 

OXTHS have passed since we have writ- 
any "Editorial Thoughts," their space 
having been filled by "Twenty Years Ago, 
or a Trip to California." As the account 
of that Trip is ended, we now resume the 
writing of the "Thoughts." A great 
change has taken place in affairs in this 
country since this volume of the Juvenile 
Instructor has commenced. The great 
railroad, by which the Atlantic and Pacific 
oceans are married by iron bands, is finished. 
A person can now step into the railroad cars at 
Ogden, and be whirled to San Francisco on the 
Pacific, or to New York on the Atlantic in a few 
days! 
In travelinglast week from Brigham city to Ogden 
we saw two trains of passenger cars, one going east 
and the other west. It was a strange sight to see 
tlie iron horse, dragging his load, with fiery speed, 
through our valleys. How different this to traveling with ox 
teams! A passenger train generally travels more miles in one 
hour than ox teams go in a day; and then the locomotive does 
not have to lie still at night like the oxen. By ox teams months 
were required for people to come from the Missouri river to 
this city; now it only needs the same number of days to come 
by rail. The juveniles who road this, if they were born before 
their parents came to this Territory, were mostly three or four 
months traveling on the road with wagons; but if they were 
now at Omaha, on the Missouri river, and wished to come to 
this countrj-, they could step into a car and, if they met with 
no accident, they would be in Ogden in less than three days. 

Many wicked men thought that the building of this railroad 
would help to destroy the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- 
day Saints. They would like to see us driven from these val- 
leys, .so that they might get our homes and rule this land. 
They have been delighted, therefore, at the idea that the rail- 
road would soon be completed. But though it is done, we are 
not destroyed, and what is better, we shall not be. Such peo- 
ple have always been disappointed about us, and the reason of 
this is: They always leave God out of the question. Now this 
is God's work, and when they leave Him out, they deceive 
themselves and are always disappointed. 

The railroad will not injure us; it will benefit us. If it brings 
in bad men, it also carries them away again; and it can very 
easily cairy off apostates and all those who will not obey the 
laws of God. And then how quickly the Elders can go to and 
return from distant lands to preach the gospel, and how easily 
the Saints can be brought from Babylon to dwell in Zion! God 
is working in a wonderful manner among men to bring about 
His purposes! He overrules all their acts and controls all their 
improvements for His glorj'. He watches over his t^aints, and 
He turns the wrath of their enemies to their benefit. Serve 
Him faithfully, children, and He will save you. 



»e<^^«< 



An idle man's brain is the devil's workshop. 



i=L.A.-YZ3src3- WITH :fii?.b. 

How often do we read sad accounts in the newspapers of 
lives being lost and valuable property being destroyed, 
all through some foolish children playingwith fire. Sometimes 
it occurs through boys getting near a haystack in a farmer's 
yard, and lighting matches or paper; when a puff of wind 
blows a spark into the dry hay, and in a few moments it is all 
ablaze. Out-houses, stables, barns, and the homestead quickly 
follow, until nothing is left of the farmer's pleasant home, but 
bare and blackened walls with sometimes a dead baby boy or 
girl Or again, sometimes'a mother has to leave her little ones 
for a few moments in a room where a fire or candle is alight. 
No sooner is her back turned than Tommy and Bes.sy, or what- 
ever be their names, begin to meddle with them. They light 
piecs of string and twirl them round and round in the air, to 
see what a pretty circle of light they can make, or they make 




a small bonfire on the stove, or they interfere with the lamp. 
It is but the work of a moment and the lamp is upset, the blaz- 
ing oil is floating over the room, and bed clothes, curtains 
and cverjthing else in the room go to make one roaring, rush- 
ing flame. Or one of the little ones get» too near the stove in 
its attempts to liiiht souicthing, and its dress catches fire, and 
before any help can reach it, it is fearfully burned, lingers in 
great pain for a few days, and, notwithstanding the kind and 
loving care of father and mother, it at last ceases to live and is 
laid away in the cold grave. 

How would any of our little readers like to 1)C in the position 
of the jKior boy in the picture? See he has to creep along a 
narrow window-sill, with every liiub trembling, while the fire 



.vt!9 









0" TJ "V E 1^ I IL E I3^STI2,X70TOie/, 



scorches his face and the smoke nearly stides him. It is cold, 
for we can see it is winter as the trees are all bare of leaves, but 
it is not c«ld where he is, the flaming tongues of fire lick around 
him, so that he can scarcely hold on to the hot walls with his 
hands. But it is his only hope. Were he to rema'n in the 
room he would be burned to death, and perhaps he can manaj^e 
to get to a ladder, or on to some low roof and thus escape. We 
hope he may. 

How did this fire occur? Most likely it is Christmas, or New 
Year's, and the children have been romping more joyously than 
usual, and have been less careful. Perhaps they have been 
playing with the fire, and a spark flying near something that 
would not readily burn, has laid and smouldered until after all 
were in bed and fast asleep, when it burst out in flame. In a 
few moments the inmates of the house were awakened by the 
dreadful cry of "fire, fire " All who could rushed out into the 
open air, but the room of this youth being near tlie top of the 
house, he was unable to escape only in the way we see be is 
doing. 

Children who read the Juvenile, we hope you never play 
with fire. We hope you never disregard the sayings of your 
parents, and when they are away touch the lamps, stoves, can- 
dles, or vessels fiUod with boiling water, or anything else that 
will burn or scald you. When you think of meddling with 
these things, think of the many, about your own age, who have 
been killed, or been maimed or disfigured for life by doing just 
such things. We know j'ou do not want to die, or sufier acute 
pain, or lingering sickness. You love the pleasures of health 
and strength; to run, to play, to be full of life and joy; think 
ot losing all these pleasures just by one act of disobedience o, 
wilfulness. We do not think we need say more, you all know 
that fire will burn, and that to be burned means to suff'er sever- 
ly, therefore, for your own sakcs, for the sake of the brothers 
and sisters whom you love, do not meddle with fire, lest an acci- 
dent should happen and you be the cause of untold suffering 
and destruction. G. R. 



<3-J^2^:B1LsX1<T(3- 



" /~11VE me a cent, and you may pitch one of these rings, 

\X and if it catches over a nail I'll give you six cents." 

That .seemed fair enough, so the boy handed him a cent and 
took a ring. He stepped back to a stake, tossed his ring, and 
it caught on one of the nails. 

"Will you take six rings to pitch again, or sis cents." 

"Six cents," was the answer; and two three-cent pieces 
were put in his hand. He stepped off', probably well satisfied 
with what he had done, and not having an idea that he had 
done wrong. A gentleman standing near had watched him, 
and now, before he had time to look about and rejoin his com- 
panions, laid his hand on his shoulder. 

"My lad, this is your first lesson in gambling." 

"Gambling, sir'?" 

"You staked your penny and won sis, did you not?" 

"Yes, I did." 

"You did not cam them and they were not given to you; 
you won them just as gamblers win money. You have taken 
the first step in the path; and that man has gone through it, 
and you can see the end. Now, I advise you to go and give 
him the six cents back, and a.-k him for your penny, and then 
stand with the wjrld an honest bfiy again." 

He had hung his head down, but raised it quickly, and his 
bright, open look, as he said "I'll do it," will not poon be for- 
gotten. He ran back and soon emerged from the ring looking 
happier than ever. He touched his hat and liowcd pleasantly 
as he ran away to join bis comrades. That was an honest boy. 




§ior|rai4it/ 



TOSEI^H SZMIITIT, 



ornE 




BOLISH tlie prantxe 'n the army ard 
navy ot trying Mieu by ccmrt inariial for 
ilesertion. If a soldier or ni:irinn runs 
away, send biin his washes, wirli this in- 
slruction, ttiat /ii.? country will never tricst 
him aguiv.; he has forjeile I his honor. 

"Make HONUK the stiiiicard wiih all 
men. Be sure Ihatgoiid is rendered for 
evil in all cases; and the wlmle nation, 
like a kingdom of kings and priests, wilt 
rise up in righteousness, and be re pected 
as wise and worthy on e:irth, and as just 
and holy for heaven, by Jehovah, the Au- 
thor of perfection. 
"More economy in ti;e national and state gov- 
ernments would niiike les-s taxes among the peo- 
ple; more equa'ity through the cities, towns, and 
country, woulu make less distinction ami ng the 
people; and more honest3' and taniiliarity in soei- 
eties would make less hypocrisy and tlitttery in 
all branches ot the community; and open, frank, 
candid decoium to all men, in this b lasted land ot lib- 
erty, would beget esteem, contidenee, union iind love; 
and the neighbor from any siaie or fjom any country, 
t^ of whatever color, clime, or tongue, cou:d rejoice 
""^' when he put Ids fool on the sacretl soil of freedom, 
4 and exclaim, The veiy name ol '^-1 mcrican' is franglit 

with friendship.' Oh, then, create coiilideiice, lestore Ireodoni, 
break down slavery, banish imprisonment for debt, and be in 
love, fellowsiiip, and peace with all the world! Kemember 
that himesty is not subject to law. The law was made for 
transgressors. Wherefore a Dutchman might exclaim— 'jFiii 
ehrlicher name ist besser ali licichthum.' (A good name is 
better than riches.) 

"For the accommodation of the people in every State and 
Territorj', let Co'ugress show their wisdom by granting a 
national bank, with branches in each .State and Territory, 
where the capital stock shall be held by the nation tor the 
mother bank, and by tho States and Territories for the 
branches; and whose 'officers and direoors shall be elected 
yearly by the people, with wages at the rate of two dollars 
per dayfor services; which several b.mks shall never issue 
any more bills than the amount ol capital stock in lier vaults 
and the interest. 

"The nett gain of the mother bank shall Ije applied to the 
national revenue, and that of the branches to the .States and 
Territories' revenues. And the bills .shall be par throughout 
the nali<m, which will inorcifully cure that fatal disorder 
known in cities as brokerage, and leave the people's money in 
their own pockets. 

"Give every man his constitutional freedom, and the Presi- 
dent full power to send an army to suppress mobs, and the 
states authority to repeal and inrpugn that relic of folly which 
makes it neccesary for the governor of a state to make tho de- 
mand of the Presideiit for troops, in case of invasion or rebel- 
lion. 

"The governor himself may be a mobber; and instead of be- 
ing puiiislied, as he should be, tor murder or treason, he may 
destroy the very lives, rights, and property he should protect. 
Like the good Samaritan, send every lawyer, as soon as he re- 
pents and obeys the ordinances of heaven, to preach the gospel 
to the destiiute, without purse or scrip, i)oiiriiig in the oil and 
the wine. A learned I'riesthoud is certaudy more honorablo 
than an hireling clergy," 

He closed by saying: 

"In the IJni'cd .Stales tho people are the Onvprnmont, and 
their united voice is the only si.Vcrcinn that should rule, tho 
the only iiower that should lie obeyed, mid the only >;rnllemeu 
that should bo honored at lionie and uhroad, on the laud niul 
on the sea. Whoroloro, were I riesideiit of the I iiiled .States, 
by tho voice of a virtuous people, I would honor the old palh.H 
oi'lho venerated fathers of fn cdoni; I would walk In IhotnicfvM 
of tho illustiious patriots who carried Ihi' ark (if the (lovern- 
inenl upon their shouhlers with an eye sli\t;le to the glory of 
the peopl(>; and when that penpio pcUll"ii««l to abolish Klavery 
in the slave Mtatos, I would use all honorablo nieans to have 
tLeir jirayers grunted, and givQ liU-irly to the captive by pay iuit 



h^^- 



■^S^i\ 




Cr TJ AT E iT I Xj E IITSTI2;TJCTOI^ 



'■f^m 



I 



the southern genllemen a reasonable eqnivalent for his proper- 
ty, that the whole nation might be free indeed! 

"When the people petitioned for a National Bank, I would 
use mv best endeavors to have their prayers answered, and es- 
tablish one on national principles tosave taxes, and niakethcm 
the controllers of its ways and means. And when the people 
petitioned to possess theTerritory of Oregon, or any otiier con- 
tiguous Territory, I won'd lend the influence of a Chief Magis- 
trate lo grant so" reasonable a request, that they might extend 
the mighty efl'orts and enterprise of a free people from the east 
to the west sea, and make the wilderness lilossom as the rose. 
And when a neighboring realm petitioned to join the union of 
the sons of llberiy, my voice would be, Oomc — yea, come, 
Te-xas; come, Mexico; come, Canada; and come, all the world: 
let us be brethren, let us be one great family, and let there be 
a universal peace. Abolish the cruel custom of prisons (except 
certain cases, ) penitentiaries, court-uiartials f >r desertion; and 
let reascm and friendship reign over the ruins of ignorance and 
barbarity; j-ea, I would, as the universal friend of man, open 
the prisons, open the eyes, open the ears, and open the hearts 
of all people, to behold and enjoy freedom — unadulterated 
freedom; and God, who once cleansed the violence of the earth 
■with a flood, whose Son laid down his life for the salvation of 
all his Father gave him out of the world, and who has prom- 
ised that he will come and purify the world again with tire in 
the last days, shoulu be supplicated by mo for the good of all 
people." 

In this paiuplilet was embodied a policy which, had it been 
adopted, would have saved the nation. Had Joseph's mea- 
sures been accepted and carried out, war would not have claimed 
its hundreds of thousands of bloody victims; for there would 
have been no civil war, and those honible evils which have 
followed in its train would never have been known. But ho 
plead in vain. As well might he have tried to reason with the 
waves of the sea, as to rhow men in authority how to correct 
the evils, which if not checked, he clearly foresaw would over- 
whelm the nation. 

The Twelve Apostles and the leading Elders were sent 
throughout the United States to electioneer, luake stump 
speeches, advocate the religion of Jesus, the purity of election 
and to call upon the people to stand by the law and to put down 
moVocracy. They were instructed to tell the people that there 
had been Whig and Democratic Presidents long enough; it was 
a President of the United States that was now wanted. Joseph 
said he would not electioneer for himself; but the Elders would 
have to do it for him. There was oratory enough in the Church 
to carry him into the Presidential Chair. 

At a political meeting, which was held shortly after his nom- 
ination as Candidate for the Presidency, Joseph explained his 
reasons for permitting his name to be used in this connection. 
He said: 

"I would not have suffered my name to have been used by 
my friends on anywise as President of the United States, or 
candidate for that office, if I and my friends could have had 
the privilege ot enjoying our religious and civil rights as Amer- 
ican citizens, even those riuhts wliieli the Constitution guaran- 
tees unto all her citizi ns alike. But this we as a people liave 
been denied from the beninning. Persecution has rolled upon 
our heads from time to time, from portions of the United Slates, 
like peals of thunder, because ot our religion; atui no portion 
of the gov<rMmciit as yet has stcfiped forward tor our relief. 
And under vi^-w of these things, I feel it to bo my right and 
)>rivilege lo obtain what inllueiice and power [ can, lawfully. 
in the l'nite<i ."States, for the protection of injured innocence; 
and if I lo-e iny life in a good cause, I am willing to lie sacri- 
flce'i on the altar of virtue, righteousness, and truth, in main- 
taining the lawK and Coiisiiuiiion of the United .States, if need 
bo, for the general good of mankind.'' 

Tn the meantime, the enemy was not idle. Satan was stirring 
up his subjects and filling them with his spirit, which pronijjts 
men to tell lies and to coinniit murder. On the ITlh of Febru- 
ary they met at Carthage, and held a convention to devise 
ways and means by which the Saints might be expelled from 
the State. Among other resolutions which they passed was 
one appointing the succeeding 'Jth of March as a day of fusl- 
inij iiiit/ jtriii/n; and the pioim of all orders were requested "to 
pray to Almighty God that he would speedily bring the fal.se 



prophet, Joseph Smith, to deep repentance, or that he wotdd 
make a public example of him and his leading accomplices." 

Had these wicked men confined themselves to prayer alone 
to accomplish their evil desires the soil of Illinois would not 
have been stained by the innocent blood which now cries to the 
Lord from its bosom, and their own souls would not welter 
fsider the dreadful condemnation which now rests upon them. 
But they did not believe for a moment that the Loid would 
hear thein on any such subject; they would not leave Joseph 
to Him. This resolution was only adopted lor the effect they 
hoped it would have in making prejudice stronger abroad. 

In one of our former numbers we quoted a prophecy that 
Joseph luade respecting the Saints removing to the Rocky 
Mountains and their bt^coming a great people in that land. His 
mind was upon that subject, and on the 2tith of February, 1S44, 
he counseled with the Twelve Apostles about sending out a del- 
egation to explore California and Oregon, and hunt out a good 
location, where the Siints could remove to after the Temple 
shotild be completed, and, to use Joseph's own language, 

"Where we can buiid a city in a day, and get up into the 
mountains, where the devil cannot dig us out, and live in a 
healthy climate, where we cau live as old as we have a miud 
to." 

(To be Continued) 



ipiisrs— Hio^AT THiEir j^:r:ei 



THE pin-machine is one of the closest approaches that me- 
chanics have made to the dexterity of the human hand. 
A small machine, about the height and size of a ladies' sewing 
machine, only stronger, stands before you. On the back side 
a light belt descends from the long shaft at the ceiling that 
drives all the machines, ranged in rows on the floor. On 
the left side of our machine hangs, on a peg, a small reel of 
wire, that has been straightened by running through a com- 
pound system of small rollers. 

This wire descends and the end of it enters the machine. 
This is the food consumed by this snappish, voracious little 
dwarf. He pulls it in and bites it off by inches, incessantly, 
«ne hundred and forty bites to a minute. Just as he seizes 
each bite, a saucy little hammer, wi:h a concave face, hits the 
end of the wire three taps and "upsets" it to a head, while he 
grips it ill a counter-sunk hole between his teeth. With an 
ntitward thrust of his tongue, he then lays the pin sideways 
in a little groove across the rim of a small wheel that slowly 
revolves just under his nose. By the external pres.surc of a 
stationary hoop these pins roll in their places as they are carried 
under two series of small files, three in each. These files grow 
finer toward the end of the scries. They lie at a slight incli- 
n;ition on the points of the pins, and by a series of cams, levers, 
and springs, are made to play "like lightning." Thus, the 
pins are pointed and dropped in a little shower into a box. 
Twenty eight pounds of pins is a day's work for one of these 
jerking little automatons. Forty machines on this floor make 
five hundred and sixty poumls of pins daily. These are then 
polished. Two very intelligent m.achincs reject every crooked 
pin, even the slightest irregularity of form being detected. 

Another automaton assorts half a dozen lengths in as many 
different boxes, all at once and unerringly, when a careless op- 
erator has mixed the contents of boxes from various machines. 
Lastly, a perfect genius of a maoliine liangs the pin by the 
head in an inclined platform through as many "slots" as there 
are jiins in a row on the papers. These slots converge into the 
I exact space spanning the length of a row. Under them nins 
I the strip of jnn paper. A hand-like part of the machine 



i?3^"3^ 



a 



J" TJ "V" E 3^ I L E] in^STI^TJOTOI^ 




catches one pin from each of the slots as it falls, and by one 
movement sticks them all throush two coiTugatcd ridges in the 
paper, from which they are to be picked by taper fingers in 
boudoirs, and ail sorts of human fingers in all sorts of circum- 
stances. Thus you have its genesis: 

"Tall and slender, straight and thin, 
Pretty, little, useful piu." 

K Y.Post. 



•WISE IDOG-S. 

"V/OU will often see in the country a little dog sitting beside 
i a small heap of clothes, with perhaps, a tin can, and a 
staff, and a basket. Don't go near him, don't disturb him; he 
is rather spiteful now, but for that very reason deserves respect; 
he is minding his master's jacket and other properties, while 
he is at his work in the field. Not long ago, there was an ac- 
count in the papers of a drover who left his dog to mind his 
jacket while he went across a railway to look after some cattle. 
In crossing the railway, he was struck down by a train and killed. 
The dog never left its charge, but died guarding its dead 
master's jacket. We keep in our houMe a number of parrots 
and a few small birds. Our good dog Topsy is such a faithful 
guardian oi them that we may place them all on the lawn, and 
leave them there without watching; for Topsy suffers no cat to 
come near. When this dog (a pure-bred retriever) first came 
into the house, our pretty "Trot,''the sulphur-crested cockatoo, 
was on his perch, and the appearance of the dog startled him, 
and he flew round the room. In a moment the dog sprang 
upon the bird, and in another moment I, and the dog, and the 
bird were all on the floor, struggling. I released the bird from 
the dog's mouth, and being without help, wa.s compelled to 
carry the dog away and chain it up, ere I could attend to the 
poor bird. I left it apparently dead upon the floor, surrounded 
with feathers torn out in the fray; when I went back to its aid, 
I was startled to find it on its perch as before, and very little 
the worse for the attack, except that it was frightened; for the 
dog had held it by the wing, and there was not a mark of its 
teeth to be discovered. This first unfortunate meeting was the 
result of accident. I was not aware any of the birds were then 
out of their cages. But tl.e nest day I allowed Topsy to go 
amongst them; and '"knowing now they were property," she 
assumed towards them the character of a guardian. Since the 
painful struggle she has been on good terms with them, and 
they quite understand each other. 

A sportsman met a stray retriever in the stubble, and the 
dog became friendly with him at once, and entered heartily 
into the business of the day. They were soon on the best ol 
terms with each other, and the dog was valued ibr his clever- 
ness and good temper. A month afterwards this sportsman 
met another, the retriever not then being in the field. The 
new comer complained that his sport had been spoiled by the 
stupidity of his dog. "And I feel this the mure," he said, 
"because a month ago I lost a dog that was worth its weight 
in gold." The other imiuired into the circumstances, and 
learned that the complaining sportsman wa.; out one day with 
a valuable retriever, and through having missed some birds lie 
lost his temper, and threatened to shuot the dog. Presently 
afterwards the dog was missing, and he had never seen him 
•since. It immediately struck the (jthcr ti.at the dog that made 
friends with him a month before in the stubble, might be the 
runaway; and in his anxiety to be just, he sent lor M.s new 
favorite, and it was instantly identified by the ill tempered 
sportsman as liis properly. The next thing to be done was to 
liand him over; but the do^ refused to be a party to this pro. 



edure; he would not return to his former master; neither 
coaxing nor compulsion availed, and the original owner at last 
egladly presented him to the friend whom he had served so 
faithfully. There might be some doubt if this dog understood 
the meaning of the words his former master used when he 
threatened to shoot him; but I can tell you another story that 
I know to be true, and which proves that dogs do understand 
human speech, provided it refers to matters within their ex- 
perience. 

One day a game-keeper was out with his favorite dog. He 
found he had forgotten one of his belts, which he kept hanging 
Up at home in regular order. So he said to his dog, "Go 
home and bring me belt No. 6." The dog went home and 
barked. His mistress came out, and he led her to where the 
belts were. She took down No. 1, the dog barked, "No." 
She took down No. 2, again the dog barked, "No." But 
when she came to No. 6, the dog took it and ran away to his 
master. — Younff Crusadrr. 



For the Juvenile Inntructor. 



§>\tttiuht^ ol €inttmott ®|iittp» 



O X: IT G- E I:T . 



[concluded.] 

LET us try now, as students, to overcome a few little difficul- 
ties wliich occur at the commencement of our investiga- 
tions in elementary chemistry: viz., the nomenelaturc of com- 
pounds. Let us begin with oxides: these are very numerous- 
There are, first, alkaline ba.sii! oxides; second, neutral oxides; 
third , acids. This termination, n/c, means formed by, or com- 
bined with, and it is used to express any compound of a non- 
metallic element, or any elemt nt most unHke a metal, with 
another element. Thus, there are compounds formed by chlor- 
ine, these are chlor-itZes-; others of iodine, these are iod-i'rfra; 
others of bromine, these are hrom-idct, etc. 

Some oxides have more oxjgen in union with an element than 
others have; to express this, a prefix to the word oxida is used: 
thus, 2«•o^oside, deut-oxide, fnV-oxidc; meaning respectively, 
first, (protos) oxide; second, (dru'eros) oxide; third, {irilas) oxide: 
these words are abbreviated so as to form one word. When an 
oxide contains as much oxygen as it will combine with, without 
possessing acid qualities, it is called a j;p/--oxide^ Water may 
be remembered as an instance of ^)ro/-oxido of hydrogen, 
laughing gas (nitrous oxide) as a yJTO^oxide of nitrogen; and 
iron rust as a 7)er oxide of iron, with a little water in union, 
called a hydrated j)er-oxide, from the word /ii/div, which means 
water. 

Let us now see the meaning of oxides of the first class, 
which are designated "alkaline or basic." These unite readily 
with acids of the third class, and form, when united, "salt, 
of which 'hey are the Ijdnc, hence their name basic. O-xidcsof 
the second class are neutral, that is, they have nodisposition to 
unite with either acids or alkalies, and they have neitluT acid 
nor alkaline properties. Such are the oxide of hydrogen 
(water) and the black oxide of manganese, wlii'h is a peroxide, 
etc. As to the third class of oxides they arc known as acids, 
such as the deutoxide oi carbon, which is called carbunic acid; 
the deutoxide of nitrogen, or nitrous acid, containing one more 
e(piivaLnt of oxygen than "laughing gas," (nitrous oxide) 
and many other acids which could bo named as sulphuric {su 



^=..-^=r^jV«i^ 




J.04: 




JUl^EIsriLEl inSTSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



phur and oxj'gen) phosphoric (phosphorous and oxygen,) etc. 

As a general thing the more opposite the nature of the ox- 
ides, the more readily they unite; the alkaline metals (sodium, 
potassium, etc.,) in combination with osj-gen, the first class of 
oxides, have a great affinity or attraction for the acids, which 
are almost always formed from non metallic elements, as sul 
phur, pho.-phorus, chlorine, etc., etc. The mere contact of 
these opposites frequently produces rapid decomposition; and 
great care will be necessary when we begin to operate with 
them. When entire union has taken place, they have mutually 
decomposed each other, and they cease to have the qiuilities 
they previoui^ly possessed; thus sulphuric acid, a highly corro" 
sive and destructive compound of sulphur and oxygen (S 3 O, ) 
when completely saturated, or combined with as much as it can 
rcc'ivo, of the almost equally corrosive substance, protoxide of 
todiiuu (X(( O.) becomes not only harmless to handle but real- 
ly beneficial as a medicine — "Glaubers tialts." The formula 
of which is (Na 0, S 3 plus 10 HO,) that is natrium, 
(sodium,) and oxygen, in combination with sulphur and threft 
atoms of oxygen, added to ten atoms of water. 

As to the method of preparing oxygen for purposes of ex- 
periment or examination, this will be explained when the mode 
of generating gases is treated upon. It is done by decomposing 
oxides, generally by heat being applied to them, which drives 
off the ox.vgen. This is collecied in a "receiver" over water or 
other fluid, to prevent the gas escaping. By a little attention 
to these lessons we may soon learn how to commence operations 
iu our own little 'laboratory'' or chemical workshop. 

Beth. 



Bad temper, go; 
You never shall stay with me. 

Bad temper, go; 
You and I cau never agree; 
For 1 will always kind and mild 

And gentle pray to be, 
And do to others as I wish 
To have them do to me. 



THE I^'REOIOTJS LITTLE 



TWO litt'e girls, Bridget and Walburga, went to a neighbor, 
ing town, each carrying on her head a basket of fruit to 
sell for money enough to buy the family a dinner. Bridget 
fretted all the way, but Walburga only joked and laughed. At 
last Bridget got out of all patience, and said, "How can you 
go on laughing so? Your basket is as heavy as mine, and you 
are not a bit stronger. I don't understand it." 

"Oh," said Walburga, "it is easy enough to understand. I 
have a little plant that I put on the top of my load, and it 
makes it so light I hardly feel it. Why don't you do so too?" 

"Indeed," said Bridget, "it must be a veiy precious little 
plant! I wish I could lighten my load with it. Where does it 
grow? Tell me. What do you call it?" 

"It grows," replied Walburga, "whcreever you plant it and 
give it a chance to take root. Its name is Patiaicc." 



You can never eateh the word that has gone out of your lips. 
Once spoken, it Ls out of your reach; do your best you can never 
recall it. Therefore, take care of what you say. Never speak 
an unkind word, an impure word, a lying or a profane word. 



}^i'- 



tluith la$|p^^ 




THE SIs TXTE F BOX. 

"Three-year-oM maiden, 

Sitting so still, 
Brow with thought laden, 

What is your will? 
Solving a mystery 

Dropped in your way? 
Askiug its history — 

Careless of play? 

"What are you doing, 

Maiden of three? 
"What secret wooing? 

Trying to see 
Something forbidden 

(Ah, have a care!) 
In the box hidden? 

M-iiden, beware! 

Now the lid starting. 

Up the suutl flies, 
Blinding and smarting, 

Into your eyes! 
Warning not heeded — 

Poor little maid! 
Maybe 'twas needed 

To make you afraid. 

Bright little fairy 

Reading this rhyme- 
Em, Kate or Mary- 
Heed jou iu time 
This lesson ou letting 
Alone, and be wise 
Without any getting 
Of snuff in your eyes. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

C H ^^ I^ -^ 33 E . 



BY CHARLES WOOD. 



I am composed of 11 letters. 

My 0, 2, 9, 4, 8, are divisions of the globe. 

My 6, 10, 8, 4, a man would look odd without. 

My 8, 1, 7, U, is a rate or pace. 

My 3, 10, 8, 4, is a lovely flower. 

My whole is one having authority in the kingdom of God. 

The answer to the Charade in No. 10 is TREAT. 



CTTJ^i^EIsriljE I±TSTI?.TJCTOI^ 

IB publisbcd in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE 0. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per A nnum • • • • 
Single Copy, for Six MoJithS' 



.$3 00 
. 150 



*»- It 18 expected whore agents forward names tl.ey will be re»pon.ible 
for the papers thus ordered; and when CaKh payments »■•';. "'»''';,»' .\,{. 'I''' 
please forward them with the letter containing tlie """"'sof t''7".''^^"l'7': 

««- Elder Wni. H. Shearman, Logan, will act as general Agent for 

^•'^ Grain*brou<'ht to t'is City for the .luvKSii.E INSTEITTOR will be 
tccived at the oflfce of our piipcr-DtsEtET News B'JILDIMOS. 




