



-*^=a5^r*^: 



!•»« ■l|Mt|'liM|«'l,fl|«i|,rt||M|Ml|Mt|l|,*t,f<|.M,|tH't|f 




G^T :e3: :ei ^^^ 



JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 






i; 



(Published Semi-Monthly. ) 



8I5!{||| tlBiJ5t! ftl !tl I! 



HZOLinSTESS TO THE LOI^ID. 



giot with all thy getting get under standing. — SOLOJiOJT. 
There is no Ezoellenae without Labor. 



EIjODEI^ C3- :e: O I^ C3- IE Q. C ^^ InT it O ^T , E^ITOIK. 



Volume Eleven, - For the Year 1876. 



(PUJ$LISIII]Q JT GEUIiaE Q. G fij<rj<[ OJ<[, 



S'-iZ-T &dMm mWY, WT^lX TERRITORY. 




n 









^,-« _---v --— •H|#'li»»lJ'»|M»(»li#Hl»lll«lj'l»i«UM|('»iMU*».»"iri.'« "ij* t»*l|M||<|tM|fUi>< 



-^^#^ 







;,s»!; J 'ir^f't 



OOn^TEISTTS. 



Adventure at Taboga, An 4, 24 

Ancient Armor, 37 

Armadillos. 105 

Apaches, The 185 

Avalanche, An 199 

Art of Thinking to a Purpose, The 200 

Among the Zunis, 202, 223 

Ancient Harvesters, 235 

Antediluvian History, 254 

Advice, A Bit of 53 

Alps, The 220 

Biography, Joseph Smith the Prophet 82, 02, 104, 112, 122, 
143, 152, 159, 177, 191, 197, 212, 218, 239, 242, 261, 268, 286 
Big Flower, A 257 
Bread Fruit, 261 
Banyan Tree, The 279 
Beauty, 84 

Cheetah, The 3 

Correspondence, 29, 59, 09, 106, 131, 137, 172, 201, 209, 287 

Cockchafer. The 43 

Crocodile, The 55 

Cry Baby Joe. 103 

Capture ot a Slaver, 1 36 

Centre Stake of Zion, The 178 

Caravan. A 223 

Curious Facts in Animal Life, 240 

Charade, 252 

Cheerful Fa'-e, A 204 

Centennial Exhibition, To the, 283 

Charity, 239 

Down in a "N'olcano, 85 
David Livingstone, 121 
I tancing Dervishes. 1 23 
Death Scene, A 201 
Dealing with the Indians, 21 1 
Don't be Offended, 227 
Don't Despond, 255 
Doctors' Canes, 213 

Kditorial Thoughts, 0, 18, 30, 42, 54, 00, 78, 90, 102, 114 
126, 138, 15u, 162, 174, 186, 198, 210, 222, 234, 246, 258, 
270, 2.S2 

Edgar Rawling's Pledge, 4] 

Knigma, 72, 84, 204, 228 

Explosion, The 92 , . , . , „ 

Kntomologv li:i, 120, 135, 148, 107, 179, 190, 200, 200, 221, 
230, 248, 250, 272, 279 

Kastern Question. The 117 

England's Coal Mines, 172 

Knvy, 249 • 

Errata, 120. 108, 22^ 

Kconomical Telegram, An 1 .) 

Forest Deer, The 7 

From a Young Missionary 1 1 Oi, 278 

From the President's Party, 118 

From Switzerland, 209 

Fox Hunt, A 229 

Flying Gurnards, 24! 

Fun, 250 

First American Locomotive, The 250 

Fair Offer. A 81 

For What is Food Given, 123 

Franklin's Simple Language, 101 

Foolishness, 211 

(loldmakers Village, The 10, 22, 34, 40, 58, 70, 75, yl, 100 
flood Mother, A 45 
(treat Ant E.iter, The 109 
Good Advice for the Young, 91 
Genius, 219 



Handel, 20 

Horace Vernet, the Battle Painter, 113 

Hawaiian Wedding, A 204 

Hunting Scene in Africa, A 205 

Happy Accidents, 214 

Hawaiian Customs, 226 

Hint to Young Students, 227 

Have an Objective Point, 228 

Hawaiian Mythology, 235 

How the Scotch were Educated, 238 

Happiness, 67 

Honesty, 07, 212 

Habits, 79 

How they Gather Cocoanuts in Ceylon, 1 24 

Hope, 161 

How to Acquii-e Contentment, 208 

International Exhibition, The 67, 79, 91, 97,. 109, 125, 141 

Iceland, 99 

Increase of Water in our Temtory, 140. 

Intemperance. 218 

Interest and Perseverance, 224 

Idleness, 82, 95, 129, 238 

It is Better, 107 

Irresolution, 167 

Indolence, 215 _ 

Ignorance and Violence, 230 

Japanese Customs, 18 
Jules Gerard, 31 
Japanese Temple, 127 

Lion Hunting in Algiers, 1 3 

Labor, 65 

Liberty Bell, The 116 

Letters to our Children 119, 123, 142, 100, 170, 189, VXt 

Luck vs. Pluck, 124 

Living by One's Wits, 130 

Leaves from a Log Book, 154,100, 170, 188, 195, 207, 219, 

237, 244, 202, 273, 280 
Look on the Bright Side, 210 
Luxur\'. 42 
Little Things, 186 
Learn all you can, 198 

Mozart, 1 

Jlinuet, 2 

Music — Greeting 12, Rejoicing 24, Deseret 30, The' Goldeu 
Rule 4S, The Light Behind the Cloud 00, "Nil Desper- 
andum " 72, The United Order 8;;, Up! Clansmen, il^p! 90. 
Humility 108, The Sabbath School 120. O Lord,' we now 
Repeat 'Phy I'raise 132, Anthem 155, I'tah 108, Oh come 
to Sunduy School with me 180, The Conference Song ]".<2, 
Youthful Offering 204, Always Hear Both Sides 210, Invita- 
tion to Sabbath Schools 228, Glory to the.se I^atter Days[240. 
Day of Rest 252, Dovotional Hymn 204, Faith 270, (io 
Work in my Vineyard 2S8. 

Moncv Making, 57 

Mu^k. 8',i 

Milk Tree. The 14',i 

More Profitable than Diamonds, 227 

I^Ionkey, Cat and Nuts, 25>.i 

Manl nesi, 17 

Mechanic's Home, The 148, l'i3. 

M" -ular Power, 179 

Mi ui inagemett, 233 

New Zealand Forests, 1 4i i 
Noriiiern Lights, The 193 
Neptune's Arbitration, 2.;2 
Nutmegs, 2s I 
Names of Countries, 95 

Old America s 15, 27, 40, 51,'03, 74, 87, 98, III, 128, IH 
Odors, 164 



CHUWH LIBRARY 



HM OlMMk t^ iMM 



CMii •» umt^i «■ 



Old Modes of Travel, 17M, ]S2 
Orang-Outang, The 217 
Occupation, 224 

P's and Q's, ') 

Pelican, The 115 

Power of Kindness, The 144 

Puzzle Box, Our 12, IJG, 60, 84, 252 

Parrots, 21, 'S-i 

Poetry— The Sailor Boy Aloft 20, 5Iy P'riend lOS, The Wasp 
and the Bee 120, Procrastination loS, The Land of Zion 
144. The old Fogy Man 156, The Story of the Pioneers 161, 
A Song 257, Seek Wisdom 2.S8, Effects of Good Govern- 
ment 17:1, Song S4. 

Prophecy Fulfilling 47, 53, 62 

Punctuality, 222 

Prairie Dogs, 247 

I'ersonal Appearance, 251 

Patag.-nian Encampment, A 253 

Paper Age, A 257 

Power of a Sunbeam, 260 

Principle of Gatheiing, The 274 

Present Aspect of Babylon, 275 

Passiflora, Legend of the, 21 3 

Prosperity, 234 

Questions and Answers on the Bible 5, 47, 57, 71, SI, 03, 
105, 117, 129, 140, 165, 173, 184, 203, 215, 227, 233, 245, 
260, 275 

Questions and Answers on the Book of Mormon 35, 57, 71, 
SI, 93, 105, 117, 129, 140, 165, 173, 184, 203, 215, 227, 
233, 245, 260, 275 



Kunning Away From Home, 11, 10, 26, 38, 52, 64, SO, SS, 1 

Regalia of England, The 49 

Keminiscenoe, A 118 

Rambles Around Council Bluff-', 1 5 1 

Royal Dinner, A 251 

Reading Well, 273 

Rich Without Money, 185 

Sunday Lessons 12. 17, 36, 4S, 60, 71, 84, sil, liio, 132, 144 

156, 168, ISO. 216, 221, 240, 2.52, 264, 276, 288 
Stories about Utah, 20, 5(», loit 



00 



St. James' Palace, 61 

Selfish Matthew, 69 

Secretary Bird. The 133 

Science and Revelation, 153 

Seals, 163 

Shah of Persia, The LSI 

Sandwich Islands, The 183 

Studj' for Leisure Hours, 234 

Sociability, 257 

Spiders at Home, 265 

Straits of 3Iagellan. 267 

Suggestions for Sunday Schools, 268 

Storm at Sea, A 271 

Stampedes, 277 

Some Curious Flowers, 171 

Small Means, 188 

Trip to our Antipodes, A 9, 23, 28, 44, 56. 68, 75, <J4, 107, 
110, 130 1.39, 145, 157, 175, 187, 194, 214, 225, 231, 243, 
255, 285 

Tower of London, The 25 

Twins, 101 

To our Patrons, 1 44 

Taking Advantage of an Accident, '23M 

Traditions about the Creation, 246 

Trifles, 102, 249, 269 

Travels in India, 284 

True Greatness, 96 

Truth, 97 

Thinking to a Purpose, The Art of, 2()tJ 

Vision, A 32 

Venus' Flower Basket, 1 58 
Valuable Relic, A 208 
Value of a Cent, 213 

William Penn's Treaty with the Indians, 7Z 

Walrus Hunt, A 147 

Wild Beasts and their I'rey, 203 

Words ot Wisdom, 213 

Wine Cup, The 236. 



N 



-'.'■; 




VOL X[ 



SALT L\K1<: CIT'^. JA\liATlY 1. 1876 



NO. 1 



Is/LOZA.TtT'. 



JOIIANN Ca'lY.-;OST!lM W !!I.F:;ANa (!0TI>r.lTi M'llSAUT i,, tllo 
IIUIIO Ot'till! [M.T nil .f W ill 1)1 W.( :i|-,^ -Jo'llL' to VVl-iri'. WeOMII 

fiiney our ~e;ii]t!r< exc:! liniiiiu''. ''Wli-if. a iitiiiio !" And we siiall 
not Ijlaiiio thcni mu -li i! lli-'y il > ta';t'<'x:', 'iiti'iiK tri -ju -li a ri;im!! 
a.s that, tor in oar day an I co'intry a tii ri itii'^lif altin-it a-^ w.'Il 
Start his lioy out in t'.w. \v u-M vv'th a '> I'c -t 'la -k m- ^ . n ■ . li t 
huuh physical (lef TUii'v :'-■• f'i •''> -" '^ ''i -n-h a n\".\^ a-? flat 



.''llUHmUrW 




iiiatcr.s not to us. Tie is knowa to ''amo '.iniiilv as "'Mozarl," 
aol a< wo ii IV ' no M.—ooiit '>!' nio-o t'r.ni ono ^I )Z art (vor 
Icciai'iig famous, tho one name is su!li,.-ient to ilisfinguish 
til'! pr-at musical iirodiirj', and all that wo need care to 
II m lu'i r 

M 'i 111 «■ I- liorn Jan. '2'. IT'i'. at S I'z'iu-.!;. and in his very 
oi!'i'i'-y ">'nee 1 irreat musi'.'a! ta'ent, which was carefully cul- 

T 

« ii!:ii>.ii]ir,,i . . 

I 



'r-^_ 






J 





But it wa-s customary at the time of his birth and in the country 
in which he was bora to j^ive a boy long and difficult names. 
However, it did not always follow that a boy so named retained 
or made use of all the na an .-o given to him wlicn he grew to 
manhood; on the contrary, ho generally had the 1,'ooii taste to 
drop a few of them. Whether the subjeetof this sketch retained 
rin? hi» lifetime the whole of his numerous names or not 



tivated by his father, who was himself a musician, so that when 
Mazart was four years old he com|iosed several minuet.s and 
other pieces of music, and played very well upon the clavichord, 
a strin^'ed instrument which is now quite out of datf, but which 
at that time was used in nunneries ; it was of an oblong shapo, 
and the strings were uuitflcd with fine >fooleti cloth to soften 
the sound. 






or TJ ^V E 3sr I L E insrsTi^TJCTOi^. 



When Mozart was only sixyears ofuce his performances were 
so remarkable that his father took liim and his sister, who 
] sessed simi'ar gifts, to Munich and Vienna, where they were 
encour-iged in every possible way by the E.e »tor of Bavaria 
and the Emperor, Francis I. 

In 17(i3 and 17C4 the Mozart family visited Paris and London, 
and while at the latter city, we read that young Mozart "was 
dressed in a grand velvet suit, and brought to play before tlie 
court, which he did so well that the king took him up in bis 
arms and kissed him; then he sent him to the queen, who ttok 
him on her knee, and, giving him some choi-olate, asked him 
what he would do when he became a man. 'Marry you, my 
pretty lady,' was the reply of our little musician, which caufcd 
the royal lady and her attendants to laugh most heartily." 
This scene at court is the one we have illustrated inour engrav- 
ing. There we see the child musician petted and admired by 
the king and queen and courtiers. 

His progress in his art was wonderful and the amount he 
accomplished in his short lite really marvelous. Hi' died Dee. 
•'j, 1701, aged thirty-five years. An eminent writer savs of 
him; "No composer has ever combined genius and learning in 
such ijerfect proiiortions: none has ever been able to dignify the 
lightest and tritest forms by .such profound scholarship, or at 
the moment when he was drawing most largely nn the resources 
of niu,sical science, appear .so natural, so spontaneous, and so 
thoroughly at his ease ! ' ' 

^lozart's musical compositions comprised a great many 
varieties, and they take fir-st rank among those of the best com- 
posers at the pre.sent day. His whole beiu" was so absorbed 
in music that he .seemed a child in every other respect. He 
lived in constant fear of death, and itwasonly by incessant work 
and study that he prevented his spirits from sinkingunder this 
fear. Some of his be.st pieces were campo.=ed when he labovcd 
under a profound melancholy. Of the circumstances under 
which he compo.sed the roi|uicm fur his own death just before 
he died, we have the following account ; 

( )ae day , when his spirits were unusually oppressed . a 
stranger, of a tall, dignified apiiearanee. was introduced. His 
manners were grave and impressive. He told Mozart that he 
came from a i)er.son who did not wish to be known, to request 
him to compose a solemn mass, as a requiem for the soul of a 
friend whom he had recently lost, and whose memory he was 
desirous of commemorating by this solemn service. Mozart 
undertook the task, and engaged to have it completed in a 
month. The stranger begged to know what price he set upon 



his work ; and immediately paying him one hundred ducats, he 
departed. The mystery of this visit seemed to have a very 
stiong eTect uiion the mind of the musician. Hcbrooded over 
it for some time, and then, suddenly calling for writing materi- 
als, began to comoose with extraordinary ardor. This appli- 
cition. howevc-r, was more than his strength could .support; 
it brought on faintingfits, and his increa.sing illness obliged him 
to suspend his work "I am writing the requiem for myself," 
said he one day to his wife ; "it will serve for my own funeral 
service." And this impression never afterwards left him. At 
the expiration of the month, the mysterious stranger appeared 
and demanded the re<iuiem. "I have found it impossible," 
said Mozart, "to keep my word ; the work has interested me 
more than I expected, and I have extended it beyond my first 
design. T shall require another month to finish it." The 
stranger made no objection, but, observing for this additional 
trouble it wa^ but just to increase the premium, laid down fifty 
ducats more, and promised to return at the time appointed. As- 
tonished at the whole proceeding, Mozart ordered a servant to 
follow this singular personage, and, if possible, find out who 
he was; the man, however, lost sight of him, and was obliged 
to return as he went. Mozart — now more than ever persuaded 
that he was a messenger from the other world, sent to warn 
him that his end was approaching — :ipplied with fresh zeal to 
the requiem: and, in spite of his exhau.sted state, both of body 
and mind, he completed it before the end of the month. At 
the appointed day the stranger returned ; the requiem was 
finished, but Mozart was no more. 

Though it is now almost a century since Mozart died, and 
during that time musical cijmi)0.sers, almost without number, 
have sprung up. flourished and sunk into comparative oblivion, 
the works of that great genius retain their early popularity. 
At the present time an opera or concert of the better class, 
designed to meet the taste of educated society in almost any 
country of the civilized worbJ, would be considered incomplete 
if it included none of the music of !Mozart, Hayden and 
Handel, the three great musical kings who flourished in the 
last century. !Many men in the different walks of life have 
achieved success and gained temporary renown, but very few 
ever led so humble a life as Mozart did, and at the same time 
acconijilishod works that merited and secured for them such 
immortal distinction. 

As a matter of curiosity, the first piece of music composed 
bj' Mozart might interest some of our readers, so we herewith 
give it. He was four years old when he composed the following: 



IVH I ISTTJ E T 




E=iz=.-szr-^-^^^^-mr, 



ii^lgl 



t^: 



-\^- 



mm^'jmmmi^m^mmmmmi^i^^^m^^m 




C5__g^. g.- 



'-^.Tn-^-m^ 






2==;?iqz:f: 



iii^Jliii 



:t:i 



Jt, 



^ -it. 



:t-t==t=q=t: 



i^ 



iEEipg;^t=j=i';«± 



^ 





CTTJ^EinsriXjEi IISrSTI2.TJCTOI^ 




THIS aH-BET^EC. 




TlUS is one of the most curious ani interesting animals of the 
feline race. At first sight it appears to possess all the color 
and marking of the larger spotted cats, but upon a closer exam- 
ination, the form, as well as some of the habit-; of the dog, are 
lound interwoven. Its common name is the Hunting Leopard. 
The Hunting Leopard is a /lative of A i i, and is common to 
India and the large i.sland of Sumatra, a^ well as to Persia; and 
the same species, or one closely allied, is also found ir. Afiica, 
and is known in Senegal and at the Capeof Good Hope. In the 
neighborhood of the latter colony it is now very rare ; and the 
ingenuity of the .savage natives of Africa have not, as far as is 
known, been exerted in rendering its services available for the 
chase, in the same manner as they have been so successfully 
used by the more refined and civilized inhabitants of Persia and 
Hindostan. 

The outward form of the Hunting Leopard is piiiticu'arlv liand- 
some, — its shape is slemJer, its hi'ad, althiuigh more elevated 
and prominent in fron*, exhibits the same broad lateral expan- 
sion, caused by the thick mass of muscle, wli'ch a^ts so nnwer- 
fully upon the juw.s 
ofthe cats, and impiirts 
to them that tremer.- 
dous force and eff'ctt 
for which they are : o 
remarkable ; its legs, 
notwithstanding their 
increased length and 
slender proportions, 
retain all the elastic 
springiness, by means 
of which the tiger and 
other cats are enabled 
to bound with so much 
vigor and velocity 
upon their unsuspect- 
ing prey. Its fur has 
little ofthe sleekness 
which characteriz s 
tho cats, but exhibits, 
on the contrary, a i e- 
cuJiar crispiness; the 
color is a bright yellowish fawn above and ned..ypiuo u'u.,e 
beneath, cover^ed above and nn the sides by numerous cl.-ely 
approxiraiting round .spots, from half an inch to an inelnu- 
diameter, which are intensely black. T,i Me spots are lar,' -r mi 
the back than on th- head .sides and limbs, whera they uj 
more closely set; on the tail, which is more thin liaifthe len ;th 
ofthe bodv, the black spots are also spread along, forming 
interrupted rings, the t.hr;'e or fuir las', surroau ling it com- 
pletely. 1 • 1 r 

Such is the outward appearance of this beautiful animal, its 
habits and manners are a curious mixture of those ot a dot;- and 
a cat but its character seems to be entirely free from that sly 
and s'usiiicious feeling of mistrust which is so .strikingly visible 
■ in the manners and actions ,.t'all cats, and which r.-n.ler, them 
so little susceptible of real m- l.-.sting attachment. Tlu- (Jheetah, 
on the contrary, speedily becomes fond ot lho>e who -mv kind 
toit, andexhibitBitsfondnessiuanopen,frankandco.ihdingmau- 
ner ' When noticed and fondled it purrs like a cat , and this is Us 
mode of expressing pleasure; if, on the other hand, it is uneasy, 
Whether from cold, from craving after food, from a jealous ap- 
eheusiou of being neglected, or from any oihercau.se, its note 




consists of a short, uniform and repeated mew. It is extremely 
fond of play, and its manner of playing very much resembles 
that ofthe cat, with this difference, however, that it never, as 
in the latter animal, degenerates into malicious cunning or wanton 
mischief Its disposition resembles .so much that of the dog, 
that it is capable of being tiained for the chase. 

It is in India that this sport is chiefly jiursued. At an early 
period ofthe ^lojul Emiiire, these animals were employed in 
large numbers, and some of the emperors, in their great hunt- 
ing expeditions, were said to be accompanied to the field by a 
thousand Hunting Leopards It is told of Hu.shing, King of 
Per>ia, that he was the first who used dogs and Leopards fcr 
hunting, and also introduced the fiishion of wearing the furs 
of wild beasts in winter. At th-^ present time, the sport of 
hunting with the Leopard is confined entirely to India and 
Persia, and with that of hawking, isstillkejit upinall its farmer 
state by the old princes of Central India, and the mode in 
which the cha.se is conducted bears a close resemblance t-o the 
ancient sport of hawking. The Cheetahs are so tame as to be 
led about in a leash like geyhounds: but when brought to the 
hiintins-field, they are carried either on an elephant or on 
l^^^v-M'^'si^, liorseback on a pad 
behind the rider, Vjut 
more generally on a 
cart made for the 
pur| o^eand drawn by 
oxen. This carries 
both the sportsman 
ani his attendants, 
and upon approaching 
the game, the animal 
is unhooded and .slip- 
ped. Tlicy are ke|it 
chained and hooded, 
in order to deprive 
them of the|iowerand 
tenijitution to 'antici- 
pate the word of com- 
mand by leaping forth 
before the appointed 
time. When they are 
thus brought within 
view (if a herd of au- 
leoiie.s. Winch generally consists of six or seven, they are 
unchained and their hoods removed, their kee))ers directing their 
attention to the prey, which, as they do not hunt by .scent, it is 
neces.sary that they should have constantly in sight. When 
this is done, the wily animal does not at once start forward 
tow irds the object <jf its imr.suit like the dog, but seemingly 
aware that it would have no chance of overtaking an antelope 
in the fleetuess of the race, it crouches and creeps along almost 
flat upon the ground, concealing itself as much as po.ssible from 
sight until it gets within a short distance of the animal .singled 
out, wliicli, although .seeing its approach, appears ,so fascinated 
that it seldom attempts to run away ; it then rushes upon it, 
and after a few sui-prising and tremendous springs and bounds, 
which it executes with almost incredible velocity, darts at once 
upon its terrified victim, strangles it in an instant, and takes its 
fill of blood. In liie meanwhile, the keeper (piie ly approaches 
the scene of slaughter, caresses the successful animal, and throws 
it some pieces of meat to amuse it and keep it cpiict while lii^ 
blinds it with the hood an<l replaces it upon the chariot, to 
which it is again attached by the chain. Hut if, as is not un- 
fici|uently the case, the herd .should have taken the alarm, ami 




^' 



TTJ^EnsriiijE iitsti?.uoto:e?> 



the Cheetah should prove unsuccessful in its attack, it never 
attempts to pursue them, but returns to its master with a mort- 
ified and dejected air, to be again let slip at a fre.-h i|uarry 
whenever a fit opportunity occurs. 



^^.zsr 



T ^ B O C3- ^^-- 



J^T 



BY O. M. O. 



IN the srOMt li:iy of P.iiniin. twelve milw fi-mii tlic city of 
tliat n ime. lo iiiH up aSnvo tl'i' Line w.itcrs a mimII i-laiid 
called Tabo^-a. The island confajns little of iuiiinrtaiicr to 
at'ra?t the trave'er; but a snus litt'c harbor, affordiii!: a .uood 
and secure an--horasc to shipjjinc;, ha-' note-cri)>od tlienori.e nf 
the lynx-eyed bi'-ino-<s uKUiaccr-- of the }* ir-ifii- IMa'l 8"i'aiii- 
ship Coiii|inny. IT'M-e t\\o\ have esta' li-licd 'Ir'ir t!'i'a: ilojicits 
of outfit tin? supn'i"--'. fo" tlif iiunievous sti •nnr'i-- n'y mj ln'iwvc ii 
San Fran"i-c.o and Tinnna. The p]nL''lish "^'i' ini NaviuatiMn 
Coniiviny al-o his its d ■i>ots here; and it wi.nj.l l>(> an unusual 
03irnrren c to find no ste:'m ves-;e!-: at anchor in Aiistinyna. Ra*". 
Besides, nnni"rons -^ailin.? vc-'soIj, of various tonnairc. Inadrd 
with coal an 1 hip stores, from Enuland and fbe United States, 
arc always to be found here: aho, moored in loiiir rcnv--. inv a 
number of di-^mantled ^hips. palled '"hulks," used tiir llie pur- 
po-e of reeeivini; the merehandi-e fi-oin the sailinsr ves>els 
when fhev di-charsre c^iriro; and it is from these s!oi'('--hips 
the steamers recruit their supplies. 

Generally, there is a captain to every three I'r four ol' ihrM', 
ffore-«hiris, who takes eharire of the vesels and their contents, 
and also holds a general su|)trvi-ion over the ship keeiiers. 
Usually therj is one keeper, soinetiuies two, tu each hulk. 

When quite a young man, chance i)laeed me up.on .one of 
those old hulks, ^s a keeper; and I was assiifned n po>iiiiin in 
the divisi(m, under adapp,-r little fellow called Captain ^Vh to. 
There was no particular t.alent or ability rcquiied to qualify a 
man for the office of ship-keeper, unless it w.is an adaptability 
for solitude It was nothing but a monotonous trauip. n\> and 
down the lonsr dock, from daylight until beiltiinc. .Ml kimls 
of devices were invented anil practiced for pasiime, and all in 
turn would become tiresome. 1 have gazed tiir hnur- into 
the deep water of the ' ay, watching the fi-h jilay around 
the stern of the hu'k, and en-icd them their freedom. The 
gull-i that flew overhead >ecined to know and deiide the lonely 
.sh'p kecjier; tlu^y soared over the old hu'k as over some 
deserted wreck, and seemed as if they were only wai ing iiu- 
the poor miserable keeper to die, that they might pick liis 
bones. 

The only solace to the s,.-lf imposed prisoner wa.s looking olf 
towards (he town, half a mile distant. Its little white hnu-us, 
nestled among the co'i^a, palm and orange groves, always p;c- 
eentcd a pleasant picture. The houses were not arranged in 
gystomatie, lines, or bui't with any mathenjaiical jnecisiun, 
but the builders had jilanted theni wherever a green bank or 
broad rock afforded the sp;ice, or a wide-spreading palm oT.icd 
its sheltering shade. Rolling and tumbling' in its icicky bed, 
and over a series of little ca -cades, rushed a mii-y, da.-hing 
brook, through the centre nf the town, emptying its pure 
waters into the briny deep. A pale-yellow, sandy beach 
marked the line of the bay in front of the town. At low tide 
this stri[i of sand had a gentle .slope of some thiity yards. 
Arcmnd the mouth of the little rivulet the money-making 
foreigners had built sis or eight trading and drinking houses, 
and from the left of these buildings the companies' offices, 




stores, warehou.ses and coal yards extended; hut to the right 
the town remained as unchanged, and as primitive as in those 
days when the bold buccanei-rs fought the Spani.-h fleet within 
a few miles of the point ihat terminates the eastern curve of 
the bay. How anxion-l.\ the jonng sc-noiitas must have awaited 
the restilt of that action, for they had the most to dread. 
Luckily, for them and for humanity, the rovers were defeated, 
and Taboga gained .some bisloiical notorii'ty at little cost. 

Our captain's ability was n^i more ihan is u-utilly required in 
an ordinary book-keepi'r, and his best qualities were his gen- 
tlemanly manners and a fondnc-s Im white clothes, .going on 
ihe ininciple, (hat being White by nauie, it was neces-ary as 
far as jjossible to be while by nalure. Take him all in all, ho 
wa.s really a 2c!iitc mnu. 

I had been tramping the ileck of the old hulk for six weeks, 
hail grown tiix'd of watching the uiills, conntinu' the fi-h and 
aluiiring ihe town, and noihing had occuired to break the 
monotonous routine of my lone'y life, when one moining I 
was astonished to receive an niuer from the captain, as he 
weuf h:s daily round of in.-pec ion, to have the boat ashore 
at two o clock, p. Ill , as iie an 1 .^l ■ . White were invited to 
alrend a grand b.ill to bu lu'ld on injar.l the sliip .S'/> Charles 
A^iipii-1% and he wished me to ro.v iliL-m to the vessel. 

Now, there w.is nolb.ng mucli in reality in this to eau.se 
a-timi^binent oi' jileasure, one would sirppose, but to a man 

penned uii for weeks al ■(in a vcs-el, with a pleasant little 

town before his eyes all the time, the chance even to pud 
ashore in a boat was an iiiiuiea -ui-.il !e relief to say nothing of 
rowing the captain and his hidy to a ship in which a dance was 
going on. Although 1 dare not jiarticipatc in the dance, nothing 
cou'd inevcnt me fiom looking on. which would be no tuiali 
satishiction to a ship-kee|)er. 

Ari-tin.'ua I]ay a.fFmJ- a perfect shelter from all winds 
excenting those blowing from the southwest; when the wind 
comes I'roiu that quarter it blows dii-ecily i"to the harbor, and 
the u-ually smooth and quiet water i-i rolled up into huge 
billows, that dash, break and fling their white foam over the 
sandy beach. 

The morning I rccj_'iveil the onler finm Captain While the 
b.iy was as smooth, as ca'iii .and reflecti\e as a mirror, and had 
been tor several day-; but before noon a breeze sprang upfioiu 
rhe south-west, and kept .steadily increa.-.ing, .'•ending an ug'y 
seti lo'liiig into the bay. A-i the appointed time )or the oj-eu- 
ing of the ball drew ueai', nature had put an unpleasant look 
on the face of thing-, and I dou'ited the propriety o. ventur- 
ing with a boat, into the sinf then lashing the beach. But a 
red nosed individual, named D.uiiels, who held the double 
oflii;e of mate and chief cleik to ?lr. While, ordered me to 
bring the boat aJongsidc, and prejiare to go ashore. 

The boat was a small yawl, usually managed by one man, 
but owing to the roughness of the sea, and the fact Ihat our 
captain might put on a liitle style, the cook, a stumpy littlo 
Creole, named Louis, was ordcied into the boat to a,-sist nie. 
We pulled off from the ^ship in true seaman style, without 
thought or regard for sea or wiiul. 'We knew how to use our 
oars, and handle n boat iu ihe surf, for we iuid "been there 
before." The difhcn.ty of getting the captain and hi.s kidy off, 
never once entered our heads. We directed our course for 
the beach opposite the old part of the town; and as we neared 
the shore, we could see the captain and his wife coming through 
the orange gr ive, as unconcerned, aiijiareutly, as ourselves 
about the surf, and dangc^r of embarking. The captain waa 
dressed as u.sual, in spotless white, with the cxceplioti that ou 
this occasion he wore around hi ^^ waist a bright .scarlet sash, 
called by the natives the lidinla. An end iif the sash dangl 




';b 



v' 



JU"VEn^IX_.E II^STK/ TTGTOI?.. 



dr\ 



over eadi hip. Jlrs. White was done up in the highest style 
oP Spanish- Ainoricau art. From her waist upwards nothing 
covered her Juiio-liko form but the body of an elaborately 
frilled and laced chemisette. Below the waist three or four 
■white .skirts, reaching a little below the knee, were flounced 
and starched as strff as au admiral'.'! upper lip. Her stock- 
ings, white as sm w, were well filled out, and her feet were 
.squeezed into a pair of jet-black slippers (apparently number 
.sixes.) Her hair, parted in the centre of her brow, was 
combed plainly behind her ears, and hung in two large plaits 
down her back, and there united with a bunch of bright col- 
ored ribbons. On her head &he wore a small Guayaquil hat, 
jauntily canted on one side. Between her lips smoked a 
cigarette, and over all she hoisted a new juirple para.«ol. 

It requires considerable skill to put a boat ashore in a h(uivy 
surf, without capsizing: l)uf w.- managed it first rate. Watch- 
ing the opportune moment, when the wave has broken, the 
boat is slewed around with the bow seaward; this places the 
stern on the beaeh, and the bow splits the in-coming wave. 
( )ne man jumps out and holds the boat in this position. We 
placed ours in safety, and I sprang out, taking my place hold- 
ing the boat, to prevent it from broaching to, and Louis 
ru-hed up the beach, .shouldered the captain and placed him 
safely in the boat; but Louis was not overly strong, and Captain 
White, mi.strustful of the .safety of his wife in his weak arms 
(for the lady was overly stout), turned to me with the sudden 
order to "I'ack Mrs. White to the boat." ttmpr.ra^ 
ntora<! I had never carried a wom n to a boat before, how 
was 1 to do it? how should 1 take hold ot her? To put my arm 
around her wai-t was a liberty, besides it would not keep her 
feet above water. To take her "pig-a-back" was absolutely 
riiliculous; to L'rab bei' aroiujil the leg.-i'and ankles — oh. mur- 
der, how cimhl II Starrmg witli i seanuin's |irompuies.s. I 
rushed up the beaeli. as these ••■ontlictiu,;; ways flashed through 
my head, and heto)'c I could d(!cidc on any mode ol procedure 
I was at the lady .> side. 

(7'n he Covfimied.) 




P's A.Ni) Q'.s. — The origin of the pl.r se, ''Mind your I's 
and Q'.s," is not generally'kmjwn. In ale-house.s, where chalk 
.scores were formerly marked u))on the wall, or behind the door 
of the tap-room, it was customary to put these initial letters at 
the head of every mau'> account to .-bow the nv.mber of pints 
and (juarts for whitdi be was in arrears; and we may presume 
many a friendly rustic to have tapped his neighbor on the 
shoulder when he wa.i indulging too freely in his potations, and 
to have cxiJaimed, a.^ he poii.tid to the .score, 'Giles! Gile.-I 
mind your P's and Q s. " When Toby, the learned pig, was in 
the zenith of his popularity, atheatr'cal wag, who attended the 
performance., nialieiou,-ly .set before him some peas, atem))lation 
which the animal could not resist, and which im.mediately oc- 
casioned him to lose his cw. The pig exhibitor remonstrated 
with tlie authorof the mischief on the unfairness of what he 
had done, when he replied "that lift only wi^h was to ^ce 
whether Toby knew his Ps from hisQ's." 

TilK greatest man is he who chooses the light with the 
most invineihie rcsolntioi,; who resists the sorest temptation 
from within and without; who b-ars the heaviest burdens 
with ehiuM-ful fortitude; who is calmest in storms of dangisr, 
and most fearless under menaces and frowns; v,-!io>e n^liance 
on truth, on virtM(> :ind on tin; i)rovidences of (iod is mo.-l 
f dtj'riiig. 



ttcstion^ and ^nsiverji 

OIT THE BIBLE. 

FIR.S r BOOK OF SAMUEL. 



LK(».SON CI. 

Q.— What wa.-» Saul and all the men of Israel doing when .fcsse 
sent David to the camp? 

A.— They "were in the valley of Elab fighting with theThitis- 
tines.' 

y. — With whoio ilid Dftvid leave his .sheep'.' 

A. — A keeper. 

Q. — When did David arrive at the cainp'' 

A.— "As tlie host was goino; forth to the light and shouted for 
the battla" 

Q.— What did David do when he left his carrriage? 

A.— He "ran into the army, and came and saluted his brethren." 

y— What occurred while David was talking with his breth- 
ren? 

A. — Goliiith. the Philistine champion cano' up. 

Q.--What did Goliath do'' 

A. — He repeated his former challenge. 

Q. — Whiit elt'eot did this have on the men of IsradT 

A.— They "fled from him and were sore afraid.'' 

Q.— What did the men of Israel tell David'.' 

A. — Thnt the king would give great riches to the man who 
should kill (toHmIIi. 

y —What else would the kiiii? bestow upon him'' 

A.— "His daughter and maUe his falhei's house free in Israel. 

tj.— Who wius Hn;iry with Di.vid for sptaUing unto the men of 
IsTitel'/ 

A.— Eli;ib, hi, brother 

Q. -Vt'hat did Eliub say to David' 

A. — "I know thy ))ride, and the nau.ahiin'-.>^s of timio hemt; 
for iliou art come down that tloui inightest see the battle." 

Q. — Whiit w.as David's reply'' 

A.— "What have I now .lone'' 1,= there not n cause''" 

Q.— AVlu-n th<; jieopki heard what David spake, what did they 

do? 

A. — They rehearsed liis W'jrds before Saul. 

Q, — What did Saul do when lie heard iheui? 

A. — He sent for David. 

y. — What did David say to Saul'' 

A. — ''Let no man's heart fail because of him; tl'.y servant will 
go and fight with that Philistine." 

Q. — What reply did Saul make to David? 

A. — "Thou art not able to go again.--', thi.s Philistine to tight 
with him: for thou art. but a youth, and he a man .T war Iriuii 
his youth " 

Q. — What was David's answer? 

A. — "Thy servant kept lii.s father's sheep, and there came a 
lion and a hear, and took a lamb out of the tiock: and I went out 
after him, and smote him, iind delivered it out of his mouth: and 
whi'H he rose a;r;unst me I caugM him by his board, and smoto 
him and slew him." 

y.— What further did David answer? 

A. — "Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: ami this 
uncircuinciscd Philistine shall be as one ol them, seeing hi- hulli 
defied the armies of the living God." 

Q. — What more did David say? 

A.— "The Lord that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, 

anil out of tlie paw of the hear, hr- will deliv.-r ii ut of llm 

liaiids of this Philistine." 

<.J. — What did Saul then say unto David? 

A. — "(io and the Lm'd hi- with thee." 

(i. — How did .Snul arm Dav id ' 

A.— "With his armor, and he put a helmet of brass upon liiM 
head, and he armed liini with a coal ot mail. ' 

Q --What did David x'rtl ujuin his armor? 

A. -His sword. 





CTTJ'^rElNliniiE IHSrSTI^TJOTOI^;. 




^,h^ lijttu^nil^ |(n«tntctoii» 



OEOROE Q. CANN'ON. 



EDITOR. 



SA].T LAKE C'lTV, JANUARY 1, J si 





EnDITOR.I^Xj THOXJO-IITS. 

"''^^:'*^?^t HEchildr.-nof the Utter-day Saints, of 
all nthers living upon the fiice of the earth 
shiiulil lie ill pcsse.'ision of those <iualities 
wliieh ,eo to make up thi' most perfect and 
admirable type of ineii and women. Not 
only should this be the case because they 
are born under the gospel covenant, and 
have a sinn-ia! claim upon the lilessings of 
the Tjord throui;li th ■ faithfulness of their 
ents, hut beean-<e they tiave peculiar privi- 
e.L'es and advantajres not enjoyed by oiher chil- 
dren lit the world. In the first place, we have a 
healthy climate, and there is less .sickness, di.s- 
ca-e and deformity among the children her^ 
than many other nations can ba-t of: and a>,i srencia' 
thing the children are blos^ed with couifoilable if no': 
usurianl homes, and their ; arcnts are endiled to 
]in:ivide for their wauts wiihont being in danger o* 
starvation or being turned out of their hou-es in ease work 
should fail. Iluw many thousands of the children of the 
world are deprive.l nf these same blessings of lu-.ihh anl 
domestic comfort and security. Then the children who are 
growing up in this our mountain home liave ev ry incentive 
one would think that chil-lren possibly could have to excel in 
all that is good. They are comparatively exempt fViim all the 
temptations, arurementsaud vices that beset childriMi in other 
places, and they have fathers and teachers and friend- lo advi-^e 
and direct them who bear_the holy priesthood, an-l who are 
constantly receiving instruction^ from the inspired servants of 
God. They have parents who-e devotion to tlieir religion has 
led them to forsake their former homes and friends and a-soci- 
ations and journey to these v.dleys, some of tliem a distance 
of thou.sands of miles, because the L':ird reipnre 1 them and 
His Spirit prompted them to do so. Those examples of devo- 
tion a e constantly before the children and they are taught by 
ther parents that one esiiecial olijeet the Lord had in view 
in gathering His Saints out from the different nations of the | 
earth to these valleys was that they might be able to raise up 
a righteous seed; that is, that their children might grow up 
free from the cont.iminating inliiiences of the wicked world,, 
and be trained ui. in the love and fear of God. 

They have the privilege when they are eiirht years of age 
of being baptized by the servants of God holding authority, 
according to the pattern laid down by our Savior when He 
was upon the earth, and of having the gift of the Holy Ghost 
sealed upon them. The boys have the privilege also of being 
ordained to office in the priesthood of God, and of having its 
gifts and powers conferred upon them. There is no boy in 
our community who is debarred from these privileges, but, on 
the contrary, all are urged to avail themselves of them. And 
what a field of u.sefuluess is then opened up before them ! 
There is scope in the kingdom of God sufficient to .satisfy the 
ispirations of the most ambitious. There are jdaces of honor 
and trust within the reach of every boy among the Latter-day 
Saints who will nualify him elf to till them. The perfect organ- 
ization of the Clmrch renderi< it almost imjiossible for merit 



and ability to exist without being discovered and brought to 
the surface, so that though the possessor may be the most 
humble and obscure person in our community his worth will be 
made known and appreciated, and he will have the chance to 
till as high a (losition as he is qualified for. It is the design of 
( 1 od that the lives of His servants should present a scene of grad- 
ual progression, and the glory and power to which it is possible 
for them to attain through a life of faithfulness is without limit 
and not within the comprehension of man. 

Lotus cite a few more of the advantages jjossessed by the 
children of the Latter-day Saints. There is .scarcely a child in 
our valleys but who has the privilege of attending school and 
gaining an education — a privileire that thousands of children 
in most other countries are deprived of. And there is scarcely 
a settlement of the Saints but what has its Sunday School, 
which the children have the op|iortunity of attending free of 
charge, and whore they are taught the principles of their 
religion and in-trneted in those duties which jiertain to a use- 
ful and honored lite in the kingdom of (rod. And in addition 
to all we h ive societies organized for the improvement of the 
young throughout the length and breadth of our Territory. 
These have been established by the servants of (!od for thi' 
purpose of instructing our youth in the principles of our 
relitioiij, and for implanting within thejr young mindsi faith in 
God and a love tor His work, and then affording them the 
means of be oming acquainted with literature, science and art, 
and fitting themselves for useful lives. Where else in the 
world can we find the same degree of interest manifested for 
the welfare of the children? Where else in the world are the 
children ,-0 highly favored? We may look in vain for the 
pbiee. 

In vii'w of all these advantages, we may natural!}' e.xpect 
something miuv: of the children now growing. up in these 
v:flleys than we do from those of the world. Our children 
should represent an army of students, with active minds 
and strong bodies, devoted to their religion, 'and educated to 
such a degree as to soon become a power in the land. They 
should excel all others in alLthat is good and noble and virtu- 
ous. Thej' .-^houd be strong in faith and more forward in 
defending their relig'ion and right and justice whenever required 
than any others. They .should be more obedient to their 
parents and to those who are placed over them in the priest- 
hood than any others, becnu'^e they have been trained in it 
from their infancy and thev have the example of their parents 
in the same particular befnre them. Tiiey shouid be braver 
and better able to endure hard^ihips than any jthers, froji iho 
fact that the circumstances of their birth and life thus far in 
these rugged mountains have been such as to develop these 
qualitie-', to say nothing of tiie probability of their inheriting 
them from their parents who are pre eminently jtersons of that 
class, or they never could have undergone the privations they 
have. They should have greater power to withstand tempta- 
tions and live pure lives than any others, for several reasons: 
the gospel which their parents embraced before they came to 
this country prohibits vicious iudu'genoe, and th?y therefore 
have an example of self restraint constantly before them, besides 
being taught it; then they have been raised in a community 
wheie vice is the exception and not the rule, which is a great 
advantage to them, for, as the poet says: 

"Vice is a monster of so frightful mien. 
As, to be hated, needs but to be seen; 
Yet, seen ton oft, familiar with her face, 
We first endure, then pity, then embrace." 
We say our children should excel in all the.se things we have 
enumerated, and we have no doubt they will; in fact, they do 





ar"cr"VE:N"iiL.Ei insrsTi^TJCTOK/. 




already; but there is yet great room for improvement. One 
can hardly conceive the power the mighty host of young 
people in this Territory would carry with them if they observed 
just one little rule; that is to be strictly obedient to those who 
are over them in the priesthood. If they observe thi-; we will 
ere manv years see the noblest race of men and women in 
these valleys to be found upon the face of the earth. 



THE IFOR/ "EST IDEEIR.. 




TN this ens-rnviiig we b:ive an excellent representation of the 
X escape of a stag from tlic hunters; the picture tells its own 
story at a glance. No hunters are seen in pursuit; there is nit 
:i solita-y dog approai-hing; but the beautiful creature, strug- 
gling up the bank from the stream, gives evidence, by its 

appearance of suf- 
fering and fatigue, 
of the danger it 
has recently jiassed 
through. 

The scenery re- 
minds one of the 
f irests ami of the 
chase in otl.cr 
lands. The sub- 
lime and pictur- 
esque appearance 
of our mountains 
is lacking. The 
animal its^elf is 
that variety known 
as the l!t d or Fin- 
est Peer of El- 
rope, the Cent's 
ehipli iia. 

The stag-hunt 
has Ticcn famous, 
and still is in Eu- 
ropean i-ountries. 
In (luat Biitain 
there were fiirmer- 
ly no k,s> than 
seventy forests; 
ammii: which one 
<if the most nota- 
l.!e was thi: "New 
I'mcst'' in Ilanii- 
^liirc. niadi' by m- 
,l.M-c.f William the 
(/on(pierer about 



III MKUS 



erfs. " 



eieht hundred years age 

At (hat time the ri«lits of ibe rouiiiion peoi-le. the peasants, or 
,sthrv were ealled. wee n,.t respectcl by the nobles: might ruled, and nght 
Til ■ -new fore-t" was lai 1 out by order ot the kmg ot 

ithlessly destroyed. 



I'ttlements were nit 



wis trampled 0/1. Tli ■ 'nc\ 

E.iL'land, and hundred^ of He , , i u , 

To di-pute the order of the tyrant king would have been death. Hv a strange 

f italitv, the third son of the tyrant who had thus saeritieed the property of 

his suiieet., was >lain bv an arrow in this very forest. A\ lUia.n Rufus, so 

called from his red hair, was killed wliiU- huiitim. in the forest, in the year 

1 100 only a few vears aft«r it was founded. 

Much has been said in our columns respc.-ting ihe deer, it-^ habits, api.eai 
ance and u.es; but onr pi.ture exhibits the animal to great advantage nnler 
circumstances where its .■haiacteri,.tics forflectness and timidity may be ,.ecn; 

tthat the stag is a coward by any means when inclose conta.-t with an 

f intense excitement, and, we recret to 
iMy excited. 



no 

inemj ; the "stag at 

say, to many, of deli 



IS a soiivei' 



''.V 

lit. .MthoiiLdi wr ton might be con-uier 
ifVollowiiig'the stag in the .base, we may look upon the picture wiih a degree 
of com,,la...n,.y, and feel, as we do when eonfiiiplating the plea.-.ng end ol 
a story, glad llial the hero has escaped. 



TlIK. manner of a vulgar man ha. fnvd.m. without .ase, 
of a gcntlcnuin has ease without freedom. 



id the iijamier 




^)^- 



:^^ 



a 



juvEisrxi-^:- i:N"STK,T7aTOie/ 




#J'i|, 



menca. 



BY G. M. O. 



ANCIENT PKllU. 




[Cfnft'nwd.) 

BESIDES the fuast of Jlayuii, Acosta says the Peruvians had 
another festival, when they produced publicly throe figures 
of the nun which tliey willed father sun, son sun, and brother 
sun. The thin! fe.-tival was celebrated about the tiiue the 
maize and other plants sprang up out of the ground, when 
they .sacrificed many animals to the sun, entreating him to pre- 
vent the frost from injuring their agricultural ]iroductions. 
During the ceremony, thi dances and drinking of the I'aynii 
festival were renewed. The fourth festival was called Citua, 
and was held on the first day of the moon after the autumnal 
equinox (.September). It was preceded by a rigorous flist of 
several day.s. On the vigil of the feast they made bread called 
"cancu," which was formed into balls, and placed in a pot, 
where it was baked. According to Garcilazo (2.58), this bread 
was maile iu two ditlerent ways. The first kitid was simply 
made from meal of Indian corn and water. The second kind 
was moistened with the blood of cliildreii from five to ten 
years of age. They drew the blood from veins in the arm, the 
nose or between the eyebrows. .Some hours before daybreak 
on thp morning after the fast, they arose from their beds, 
washed their bmlies. and, taking a lump of the bloody bread, 
aii]ilied it to tlieir head, mouth, and other parts of their bodies 
as if by so doing they purified themselves from all their infirm- 
ities. This being done, the eldest member of the family aftixed 
some of the bread to the lintels of the door next to the street, 
to de.-ignaie that they iiad performed their purifications. The 
liigh prie<t |>erformed the same ceremonies at the temple of 
the .-un, and a|)pointed other iiriests to perform the same rites 
at the convent of the virgins of the sun and at other pla;-es 
accounted holy and .sacred by them. The eldest uncle of the 
Inca performed the ceremony at the court. .\s soon as the 
.sun ro>e the [leople .idored him and then broke their fast-wlth 
the bread, which t1u-y attemjited to do simuitaneously through- 
out the kiiigdoiii. Imuiediatelv afterwards one of the royal 
princ 's .-;illied out fr lui the fortress of Ciizco. He was richly 
attired and represented a messenger from the sun. He held ' 
aloft a lance ornamented with feathers of various cjlors from 
point to Inict. He ran to the market place where he met loiu' 
per.-,ons also ot royal blood, each bearing lances in their hands. 
'I'hey touched the [loints of their spears with the one cariied 
by th.- first lord, who told them that tlie .sun commanded them 
as his officers to purify and cleanse the city. The tour i)ersons 
then dejiarted, running through the principal streets of the 
city. As they passed along, men, women and children .stood at 
the doors of the houses, making great acclamations and shak- 
ing their g irmonfs, as if to beat out the dust, and rubbing tlieir 
bodies as if washing off all disease and sicknc.s.s, which they 
expected would be expelled from the city by the men armed 
with lam^es, who jiis.sed along the streets. By a succession ot 
persons relieving one another they purified the city and its 
vicinity for a distance of .several leagues, when fixing tlieir 
lances in the ground, they con-idenid they had formed an 
impas.sible barrier to all ill luck and disease. When night 
came they lighted great balls or torches of straw twisted clo.se 
1 hard together, that they might be a long time burning, 
ley were about the size of a foot ball, with a .-^hort iiiecc ot 



cord attached by which they were whirled about through the 
streets. In this manner they exi)elled the nocturnal plagues 
and evils, as the diurnal one had been driven out by the lances. 

After pa,ssing through the streets of the city the fire-balls were 
thrown into some running stream, which, carrying them along 
with its current, bore off every evil and accident. A Peruvian 
would on no account approach one of these balls, which, being 
extinguished, might happen to be entangled in the weeds or 
bushes of the river's bank, believing if lie did so he would 
be affhuted with the plagues driven out of the city. "This 
celebration of eating consecrated bread made with blood is 
similar to the .same religious rite practiced by the Slesicaus and 
people of Nicaragua" (McCullough, '.V.>C<). 

Connected to every temple dedicated to the sun was a con- 
vent ot virgins, who devoted them.selves to seclusion and 
celibacy. They were considered the wives of t'.ic sun, and 
were not allowed to speak to any man but the luea, a privilege 
it would seem he never attempted to use. Acosta says the.'^e 
convents were luaintained liy rents and revenues assigned them 
Tiy the Inca. At Cuzco these virgins were solely of the royal 
blond, none others being admitted, and the.se only before tlieir 
eighth year. In other parts of the empire the convents were 
filled with the daughters of the curacas or governors and the 
nobility. To these provincial convents females distinguished 
for graceriilncss and beauty were also admitted. The.se ino- 
vincial virgins were eon,sideit?d as wives of the Inca, if he 
chose to select them: but if ever they had been so honored, 
they were uever jiermitled to icturti to the convent. Those 
who had reached a good old age had periiiiss-ion to return to 
their families with certain honorable piivilcges, if they pie- 
fcrred to do so. The virgins of the .•■uu took no part in the 
religious wor.slr.p of the country. It seems they were chiefly 
employed manufacturing clothing and ornaments for the Inca 
and his family. They also made the fine garments annually 
burned in honor of the sun, as well as the con.secrated bread 
and the drinks used on the oaeasions of iheir fe-tivals. They 
constantly preserved at the convent at Cuzco a perpetual fire 
If this happened to bo extinguished it w«s supposed to iiiH'. 
cate a visitation of direful calamities. Garcilazo .says if the 
wtimen violated their vows of chastity tlioy were buried alive. 
The man connected with them wa.s bung and his kindred stoned 
to death. 

When the Tiiea or any per.son of consequence died his body 
was eiuboweled and then gradually dried {.\costa say.'t they 
embalmed their dead Incas ''with a certain rosin' ). The 
bowels were interred at a temple five miles from Cuzco, and 
with them were buried his armor, guiiients and other things 
that had been useful to him while alive. 8ome writers say 
that many of his domestics were also put to death and buried 
in the .same grave, that they might aticn 1 their master in tbe 
invisible world. The bodies of the Incas, when perfectly de.si- 
cated, were placed in a sitting position before an image of the 
sun in the teuiple of Cuzco, where sacrifices were ottered to 
them. They not only made great lamentations over their dead 
but they also used mourning clothes which were of a grey 
color. 

The Peruvians, unlike the Mexicans, made few idohrtroua 
images, except those of the sun and moon. Acosta .says when 
they "celebrated their festival of Eaymi they made images of 
carved quinua wood, all attired with rich garments." Idols 
of gold and silver or at least figures of these metals, were 
found among the ancient monuments and tombs. Skinner says 
that they had household gods called canopas (lords of the 
house). They also set up stones in their fields which were 
worshiped as protectors of the crops. The inca Viracoch 





vJTJ^EiisriLE xisr&'r:RjJCTOT^. 



erected a temple to the god of that name (Viracoeha being a 
synonym of Padiaoamac). In this temple an image of »tone 
was placed. The Spaniards demolished this temple and defaced 
the statue. Gareilazo (Royal Coiumentarics, .30) declares that 
in one ol the roytd apartments (called holy) of the Cuzco 
temple was a cross made of white marble. It was hung up to 
the wall by a goMcn chain, and was held in great veneration, 
though it was not worshiped. 

(To he U^iifiiineil.) 




%nilinnh 



ISY Ul till K.NUUda. 




A R great interest ha~ bxu .slio«n and a dc-ir. expres.^ed to 
kno^v more of tin- countries of the southern hcnii-plurc, 
no ddubt a doeriplion by one wbn lias spent over eleven 
J cars of Ins life in tlm-o countries will be acceptable to the 
uaib'rs ot tbe I.vsTiiuCTOii. 

As your lVi( nd, "llujib," does nut wish to be tedious and 
dry by merely stating facts and fliriires, he will, with your per- 
mission, taku his readers nu an imaginary voyage, descril ing, 
as we travel along, the objects of interest, and noting down 
items worthy of r cord. 

AVell, are ve all ready for a start? Pray do not provide 
yourselves with large trunks of clothing or hampers of pn - 
vi-ioHs as your fathers did when traveling across the dreary 
plains in days gone by. Anything wc require can bo obtained 
cheaply while on our trip. All that we require is a compact 
Yalise containing a change of clothing and our note book.s. 
All ready? Then off we .tart on a voyage that a few years 
ago took as many years as it does now months. Thanks to our 
miiihty I'riuid steam fiU" the change. 

We start from the depot at Salt Tiake City, leaving our 
friends waving us adieus and good wishes and soon arrive at 
Oirden. At that busy railroad town, we secure our tickets 
f )r Sau Fi-anciseo, and .soon are whirling away on the C V. 
R R. towards the jcident, flying over barren plains, halting 
at the rising towns of E.ko, Reno, Trucke.', etc for a few min- 
ute.s and off again cliujbing the lofty and grand Sierra Nevadas 
with their beautifal scenery and luighty chasms surroundcdby 
siiuw on all sides, the train like an enormous snake diving 
everv few minutes into horiid dark tunnels, to again emerge 
into"ihe glorl.ms light of day-again shooting through the 
heart of the mountains and a.^aiu welcoming daylight, we at 
lengCti reach Cape Iloin, an.l bcic one of the grandest and 
ino-t extraordinary pictures o: nature is brought suddenly to 
view. "Wrapped in our gicat coat.s, shivering with cold, the 
leauiiruUnow lying deei,Iy around us, we, as if by ma-ic, 
have pr(;sented before us one of (ho most beautifid panoraniie 
views that iio.-sibly can be conceived in the mind of man — 
thou-ands of fe. t below us lie fields of golden grain, beauJifal 
orchards, happy homesteads ne-tling amongst .shade trees, 
everything fiedi, bright, ureen and 'beautiful. This rs mir 
first sight and impres-ion (d" Callf.)rnia. Soon we are rusjung 
thr.)Ugh the SaeraK.ento ^'alley, with its grain fields, orchards 
and vineyards, the sun .shining brightly (now warm enough to 
discard (uir great coats and wrapiiers) and by night we cro.ss 
the Bay and arriv<- safdy iii San Francisco— the city of wealth, 
fiisbion, e.'C(-itement and lunacy. 

Early next morning we hunt out the steamship office, 
purchase (mr tickets and secure our cabins and make every 
ng comfortable for our long voyage to the Antipodes. 




Having the remainder of the day to spare, we start off with a 
will to .see the most we can in the short time we have to stay. 
Walking along Market Street, one i.f the finest streets in 
America, we first pas- the Grand, and on tbe ne.xf block 
the Palace Ilotels, the latter being acknowledged the most 
con)plcte and handsome hostlcries in the wiu-ld, accommodating 
1000 guests in comfitrt and elegance. Further on we ciune to 
the new City Hall, in course of ereetiun, and which wheu 
completed will be one of the liandsomest edifices in the United 
States. A few blocks further on we arrive at Woodward's 
Gaiden. We pay our twenty-five cents at the grand entrance, 
and picicced to see the sights therein eontaiiied, Tlie first 
thing that meets vyur gaxe are the beautilul lawns wiili flower 
beds of every variety of color, and the fine statuary. Entering 
a large building we find a splendid ci>llection of minerals, coins, 
Ibssils, stuffed aninuils and birds. In an adjoining hall wc 
find a si)kndid g,>llery of pictures, and )ia-slng out at th^ end 
door we are in a large con-ervalory filled with tropical fruiLs 
and flowers. The sight is most enchaining, and we long to 
pluck the luscious fruit. Out in the grounds once nor; we 
see a lake, on which is a large circular boat filled with happy 
children, and in different enclosures are water Ibwls. In one 
cornel- in a large pond are .several sea lions, which make a 
iearlul noise as they flounder about on the rocks. I'asbing 
through a tunnel, under the public street, we arrive at tiie 
zoological collection proper. Here we find almost every variety 
of living animal — lions, tigers, camels, monkeys, etc. We now 
hasren to the I'avilion were a circus perlormance is iu progress 
This is a large building holding some 4,i):)i) people. There 
are many other sights to see, indeed, nouli more than would 
occu|iy one vi.sit. We find the gardens filled with people 
and are informed that it is the great resort of the people ot 
San Kiancisc-o. The owner, Mr. Woodward, we aie told has 
been offered S1,0lH.),01X) for his gardens, but refused it, for 
from barren sand hills he has improved them and made 
them indeed a thing of beauty and the joy of his heart. 

As we journey back to our hotel, we note the number of 
handsome private hou.scs, beautiful grounds and elegant 
equipages and when we arrive in the iieart of the city are 
attracted with the splendid stores and pub.ic building.s, espco- 
ially the .Alercantile Library, Caliii.rnia JSank, the Nevada 
Block, \V,-idesThcalre and— imt stop, we shall never get to 
New Zealand at this ate. so Icl's to hed, i'or llie ship leaves 
early to morrow morning. 

But these f lets we note befoi« retiring, that San Kranci.-co 
is .situated on the shore ola fine bay— that il is built on sand 
l,|ll^_„c meet pe.qile of every nation, American, Kngiish, 
Irish, Scote 
last llnmgh 

Chinese; each nationality represenied going on the even tenor 
of their wav and minding iheir own business. We have also 
aseerlaincd ihatthe present population of tiiecity is estimated 
at al'imt 175.0tK); that it is not yet 30 years oM, owing its 
rapid growth to the gold mining carried (m in the neiglii'oriiiK 
coHutiy, but that now its ino-perily is base.l on a moie solid 
foundation, it being one of (he greatest grain and wine markets 
and important sea pcnts in the world; and lastly, lor its size, it 
is one of tiie richest and handsmnest cities in existence. 

you say you are in raplun-s with San (''laneisco, but you 
must remember we have hardly started on our trip as yel, and 
tiiere are many places quite as fa.sciaatitig and iieautdiil, if not 
more so, which we shall visit on our journey; so liottic up your 
enthusiasm for the present, and save some of it lor a fulure time 
Tf) he (^ontiiiurd, 



il. Kreiicli, German, Italian, Spani-h, Mexican and 
by no means the least in number and influence the 





lO 



JTJVEItTiniiE in^STK/TJCTOI^. 




THE C3-OIj3DI)vd:.A.ICEI^S^ 
^vT I L Xj -A. G E . 



From, Chnmlcrx' Miscellany. 




ONE tine summer afternoon, a good many years ago, the 
out-door loiterers of Guldenthal who were listlessly spend- 
iug their time beneath the shade of the bushy limetrees which 
overhung the village street, had their attention drawn to a 
stranger who was making his way towards them. Tall, well 
made, and dressed in a gray coat, with a knapsack on his back 
and a sword at his side, he was evidently no ordinary wanderer. 
He looked so formidable, with a large scar on his brow, and a 
black moustache under his no>e, that the children shrunk aside 
from him as he passed ui' tlie village. The shout which .some 
of them raised lirought several old women to the doors, and 
these soon recognised tiie stranger. "Here is 0.swald again, ' 
they exclaimed, "who went lor a soldier years ago." 

A crowd was soon collected around the wayfarer, who was 
kindly greeted by all his old friends and ac(|nnintances, every 
one in(|uiiing if he had come back to reside amonffst them. 
To these inquiries Oswald announced that, tired of the life of 
a soldier, he had given up the military profession, and intended 
to remain for the rest of bis days in the village of Ooldenthal. 
l^leaseil with the intelligence, and desirotis of gathering an 
ai^count of our hero's life, a number of (lersons asked him to 
retire to a tavern with them for a little Irieudly chat : Ijut this 
invitation he respectfully declined. an<l ;;sked them by whom h's 
father's house was now inhabited. The miller, who had t.kcn 
care of the house and land left by Oswald's father to his son. 
now came forward and said that a few days only would 1 e 
required to make the house ready for its new inmate, and, in 
the meantime, he slmuld havi- pleasure in entertaining ( ).~wald 
at the mill. This kiml invitation was accepted; and. afier 
spending a few days with the sensible and hospitable aiiller, 
the retired .soldier took possession of liis iiw?i Iiuuse. 

For some time, Oswald was so bu-ily engnged in uiaking a 
nuiidier of repairs and improvements mi his iiremises, itiut he 
hid (no time to bestow on intercouise with his neighbors, 
who.se amusements were anything hut agreeable tip liiin. In 
conseiiuence of tliis uegleit, th.e villagers beuan to cherish bad 
suspicions against the new .setilei', and to make irniaik- eii bis 
conduct. They .said they could n-t UMilerstaud the niati — his 
f''reign travel had maile him churlish and unsocial — cnn>tantly 
toiling (ir reading; he ilid nut .seem tu have a moment to Sj.are 
for an occasional sip at the wine-flask — a strange thing, indeed, 
for an old solilier not to take a glass. 

Possessing natural'y much good sense, which had been greatly 
improved bv experience in the bustliim life which he had led, 
and a'.so .some choice reading, < )swald posscs-scd opinions on 
various subjects eon-iderably difi'ereiit from those of liis old 
villare companions. who>c proceedioL's were not at all to his 
mind. A ycarninir for the scenes of his infancy had brought 
him back to (ioldeiithal, which he lovi'd with all its shortcom- 
ings and errors. Itgrieved him. on looking through the village. 
and learning something of its liistory, to discover that it had 
lieen tor some years dcelinii;:; in its prosiieiity, and was now in 
an e.\ceedin!.dy bad condition. Forni'Tly, it could boast of not 
a few respectable men in good circumstances, persons who could 
creditably take a lead in affairs; wiih a considerable number 
who, though not rich, were yet industrious, and removed above 
poverty. And what a difference now! Except the millei, the 
tavern-keepers, and t»r, or three farmers, the jieople were 
generally wor-e than poor, for thu-y were in debt. There was 

ewi.se a deterioration of manners, and things upon the whole 



looked desolate. Many of the houses were greatly in want of 
repair; rubbish lay in masses in different quarters ; the gutters 
were far from cleanly, and sent up a pestiferous odor ; while 
the insides of the houses were correspondingly mean and untidy. 
The clothes ot the people, also, did not seem what they used to 
be; their univer.?al shabbiness showing a want of self-rrspect. 
Tocomplete the picture, men might be seen at all hours listlessly 
dozing away existence with pipes in their mouths , instead of 
working at some useful occupation. All too truly told a tale of 
.sloth and impoverishment. Oswald took the liberty of hinting 
.at these symptom 5 of general decline; but he was only abu.sed for 
his pains. It is a thankless task to remind people of their dut'e •. 

Distressed with all he had seen, 0.-wald betook himself o«e 
day to the house of the miller, who could .'•ympathize with him 
in his feelings. "Pray, tell me, my friend," said he, "what 
has been the cause of this strange social degeneracy '? When I 
departed from (roldenthal, it was a brisk little prosperous place; 
now it is all going to ruin. Surely it has not been scourged to 
a greater extent by war than its neighbors?" 

"You are right." replied the miller; "our village has not 
.■■uffered by war more than other villages which are flourishing. 
The causes of our decay arc more continually at work, and I 
shall try to give you an insight into them. There has been 
gradually creeping over us a disposition to take things easily. 
Two or three men. who are our pari-sh officers, are tavern- 
keepers, and they managed public business f(u- their own benefit. 
The village common, which used to be of some consecjuence, is 
thus badly managed; in fact, the funds are abu.sed. and no little 
is spent in feasting and carousing. Still, you would say, itmust 
after all be people's own blame if they get poor ; the mere rob- 
bery ot some public revenues cannot do it. That is true. But. 
with a bad example before them , the bulk of the villagers 
becouie careless, imitate bad habits, and, inshort, spend a large 
share of their earnings in the taverns, and at cards and bill'ards. 
It is a curious thing, I tell you, that few men are able to keep 
the small properties left them by their fathers and grandfiUhers. 
They first get.tlu-m burdened with debt, and then they are 
compelled to se 1 them. It all comes from following 'ow habits. ' ' 

"When you have known all this," said Oswald, "why did 
you not expose it, so as to open the eyes of the people?" 

"Because I had no hope of a good result," said the miller; 
"for, while all allow that we are in a deplorable case, and all 
will agree in general complaints and reproaches, none will thank 
you for attempting to discover the true causes of our decline. 
since every one fears lest he should have to bear some portion 
ot the blame." 

"What: is there neither conscience nor religion left in the 
place?' exclaimed Oswald. "What does the parson say to 
all this?" 

"Oh, he preaches on his customary round of topics, but 
never enters particularly into the real circumstances of the 
people, nor makes any close and practical application of his 
doctrine to them. He is an old man, rather reserved and 
haughty in his manners. He seems to preach from habit, as 
the people go to church from habit, and come back no better. 
And the young are fjllowing the example of their elders." 

"Is your schoolmaster, then, good for nothing?" Oswald 
asked. 

■ Snii-e your father died," said the miller, "our school has 
never prospered. The boys and girls learn, by compulsion, to 
read, write, and reckon a little, and perhaps to repeat a prayer 
besides ; but then, what is this against all that they learn from 
their parents at home — deceit and lying, swearing, quarreling, 
begging and stealing, idleness, intemperance, and slander?" 
(?'o he Continued.) 





TTJ'V'IilIsriXjEI IITSTI^TJ OTOI?. 



11 







BY C. R. SAVAGE. 



MANY boys on attaining the age of fourteen or fifteen j-ears 
think that home is a projiy, dull place. A mother's con- 
stant care and watchfulness do not seem to be appreciated. A 
father's continued labor to sustain and support his family is 
not often thought of by the rollicking son, wh'i thinks more 
of his own gratification and pleasure, than of taking a part 
in helping to render home pleasant, and lessening the cares of 
his parents by assisting them in every possible way. 

With some boys, places a long way off seem invested with 
^ the most alluriugattractions. Everythingseems possible to them 
if they can only reach a point far removed from home; their 
minds picture up possibilities that are verj- seldom realized; they 
forget that youth is the time for improvement. The precious 
time lost in our youth is ever on our tongues when we speak 
of the past in after lite, and of what we might have done if 
we had not frittered away the golden grains ot time that a cer- 
tain writer has called the moments of leisure that we don t 
value in our youth. Some of the boj's think that father leads 
a slow life, they are not going to be tailors, carpenters, .shoe- 
makers and the like. They are cut out by nature (they think) 
for some big jiosition, forgetting that nothing good or meri- 
torious ever reaches us without incessant labor and the oon- 
s'ant plodilingthat their parents have had to do, to gain a decent 
living and make a comfortable home for these same unapprecia- 
tivc lads. 

We find, too, that many a youth has had his impressions 
formed as to what he might be, by reading the trashy literature 
that floods the country, of the dime novel style. I distinctly 
remember having been woefully deceived in my calculations. 
Once upon a time I read of a boy born of "poor, but honest 
parents," who left his home unknown to them, went to sea, 
was shipwrecked in a distant country, went to work for a rich 
man, was industrious, saved money, married the rich man's 
daughter, then returned home to his astonished jiarents, who 
had long thought him dead; of course they were delighted- he 
was able to make them comfortable, so that they lived to a 
good old age and were happy. Such a story worked on my am- 
bitious brain. Were not my parents i)oor? Could I not do 
the same thing? 1 resolved to do so. and in company with 
another lad as foolish as myself, and perhajis more so, for he 
left a good situation, we started with what little money we 
could get together, he with his week's wages and I with 
next to nothing. 

We left our loving parents, who were nearly frantic on 
account of our absence. We took a road where we thought 
we could not not be traced, felt full of hope and ctrtain of 
ultimate triumph. Night wore on, everything was cold and 
chilly; no one knew us, no one cared for us; we were strangers 
and friendless, little boats at sea without a rudder or a port to 
sail to. We were so brave that we did not like to admit that 
we were sorry we had lett home. Oh no! we were going to lie 
manly and fight our way to fame and fortune. 

A drizzling rain set in, one of the right sort to cool our 
ardor, not a pouring rain but one that penetrated every pore 
and crevice of our scanty stock of clothing; still w(! tramped 
on. We had never heard of "the youth who bore mid ruin, .snow 
and ice. a banner with this strange device. Excelsior," if we had. 
it might have cheered us on; as it was, we grew very uuiet. 
and didn't have much to say; wc had exhausted our stock of i-ub. 
ts for conversation. I was seriously thinking where we should 



sleep, and as we hadn't money enough to get a bed at an inn. 
we must hunt a hay stack, which we did with the greatest 
caution, as we were liable to be arrested a.s vagrants if di.v 
covered. We 'finally crawled into a loose straw stack and 
tried to sleep; but .such a night as we pa.ssed, huddled up to- 
gether in the damp straw with insuthcient clothing! I sufl'ered 
myself to think of my warm cozy bed at home, but the con- 
templation was very short. 1 was afraid of my own reflections, 
and both of us went to .sleep. 

Early in the morning we were routed cut of our liole by 
one of the farm hands, who threatened to hand us over to the 
police if we did not let vc and called us pet names, such as little 
thieves, vagabonds, etc. etc. And gatherins uji our little 
bundle of clothes we got away as fact as possible. The morn- 
ing sun shone upon us and we iorced ourselves into feeling a 
little more cheerful. From our scanty supply of money we pur- 
chased bread and forced it down by plenty of water from the 
vUlage )iunip; this was simple food for prospective million- 
aires. 1 had the impi'ession that every one thought we would 
steal if we got a chance, a,s we were looked \i|>on with suspicion by 
everybody. About ten o'clock we were overtaken by a travel- 
ing gentleman, called a "tramp," one of the kind that never 
pays taxes, but is a tax upon everybody, tramjilng from town 
to town, always out of work, and willing to keep out of it; 
begging, stealing and spjnging a living any way he can; 
without social standing, and regarded hy all as the floating 
scum of society; perfectly indiff'erent as to the future, caring 
little whether he lives or die : no home, no friends, no ambi- 
tion; living Just to eat and drink, and when ready, to die, and fill 
a piuper'sgrave. Such is the career of the genuine tramp. O I 
cour.se there are hundreds of working men who travel on foot 
to find work from town to town; Imt they want work, our tramp 
dons not. 

AVc found this specimen v-ery jilausible and smooth; he got 
from us our story and .'ommcnded us for being so manly; he 
dill not belice in boys being kept so hard at work at some 
l>oor paying job, and praised us for striking out on our own 
hook. He took great pains to show us how much he sympa- 
thized with us, said he would be a father unto us, and .show us 
how to get along without so much hard work, and, playing his 
confidence game further, a-ked us if wehad any money. Having 
full confidence in oui' friend of two or three hours' standing we 
gave him our little all. He told us to follow his instructions 
and he would be our friend, saying he could take care of the 
money better than we icudd, which was v^ry true. 

Here was a case of misplaced conHdence. AVe had surren- 
dered the friends of our childhood who loveil u^- and triven entire 
contideni-e to a miserable cheat: iriven him oui little ali, put 
ourselves under his guidance; trusteil our.selvcs and nur future 
lives into the hands of an aciiuaintanoc of three or four hours' 
standing, and why did wo do if.' Simply because we had 
treated those who knew us with >corn, and were therefore an 
easy prey to any sharper that we miuht meet; and, not having 
brains enough to manage ourselves, fhiumlit some one else should 
do the .job. 

How often in life do we find a plausible .s|ory well spiced 
with a little ingenious flattery, get the better of the judgment 
of older heads than ours. What could wed/:" We thought 
that our .■io-callcd fi lend would do more for us than our jiarents. 
The way he ]>roceedcd to instruct us in climlpini: the ladder of 
fame is reserved lor tlie next chajiter. 

( To be Continued. ) 




Tniv that know no evil will suspect none. 



Si 




^)S^'~ 



12 



CrXJ^Ein^ILE! IltTSTI^TJOTOI?/ 




C3-I?.EETIIsrC3- 



WdRDS BY A. Dalryjii'le. 
«nei , 

'Tis Mvoet to mingle 



9^=i 



li— *j:f-t§r 



*^cs- 






Music by E. Eeksley. 



^:-.4_-^=;!| 






voices Adicrc Gni]'s spirit jiiompts the strain; AVhen call glad lieart t-an 



■•- :«'- _'ff'_'?: "P' "I?" ^<P_Z^^ _"*'_"?^' _; 

^ — J- A — ^ — 1 1 , l-e?" ks ^-k» — i0 — 1 — — ^ 















amen, 



Oi; 



wor.-hip s not in 



ziz-z^3z=^=zz^=:T: 



-19- 

'^Z 



vain. Our ■wor.-liiii's imt in 



T-^ 



-\zzzizzz^A-t^- -t=irHrt=t 
j_, J 



Oar wor.-liip's not in 
-to 



:^= ^-^z:rz:f=2-_zzzz^.±p-p^zzzzzz-l^ 

r--t~ — r — t r -. 



::6- 



:=1: 



V:l II 



-I — , 1 « 

?L;Sj:dzra* 



(fe 



When each g'ad heart can 



. ^-^— I- 

sav amen, 






I 
Our 



wor.-liip'-^ 

.0. .*„ 






1"l2 _ 



]z- ^—]^z= z\zzz=.^:z-3^—^-—^—y^— 



-w- —to — »- 



-P- 



■1= 



not in 

— _- -— --|— -— ^ - 



:=tz: = 



Then lut u* nuw, willi onu accord, 

Unite in sa'jn^d sons, 
Tci call hy Oiitli iipnn the Lord, 

That He our j'lys pmlDng. 



Yea may His Spirit di'ign to meet 
And priHiipt eac'i action liero, 

That we may ad each other greet 
A.ud llii great n una revere. 



FOR LLTTLK LEARNERS. 




OS THK HIST >Ry OK JO.S«PH SillTU, THE PROl'UKT. — LIW.SQN XXV. 

Q.— How long did .Joseph remain at David Wiiitmer'.s hoii.co? 

A. — Until the translation of tlic Hook of Mormon was com- 
pleted. 

'-J. — How did Uie people in that neigliborhood feel towards 
Joseph' 

A. -Very kindly. 

Q. — How did tliey make it manifest? 

A. — By receiving his testimony and cimiing forward to be 
baptized. 

Q. — Mention the names of s"me of them? 

A.— Hyrum Smith, David Whitmei and Peter Wliitmer Jr. 

Q.^Where were they baptized 

A.— In Seneca Lake. 

Q.— Who baptized them? 

A.— Joseph Smith bap:izeci Hyrurn Smith and David Whit- 
mer. 

Q.— Who baptized Peter Whitmer? 

A. — Oliver Cowdery. 

Vj. — When were tliese three baptized? 

A. -In June, 1820 

Q.— AVhen the IJook of Jliirmon was iinished, who expres.sed a 
de.sire to be witnesses to its truth'' 

A.— Oliver Cnvdery, David Whitmer and Martin Harris. 

Q. — Who inquired of the Lord on the subject? 

A. — Joseph Smith. 

y. — What answer did the Lord give him? 

A — The Lord promised that they should have a view of the 
plates. 

Q — Did lie promise them to see anythine else? 
A. — Ye.s, the breastplate, the sword of Laban and the Urim and 
Thumruim. 



oui?. i^azziLE box:. 



VERBAL PUZZLE. 



STAN'; ME, 

I'' you wish 

2 

You must 

COME ALL 

dilBculties 

difficulties .ME: difficulties 

diiliculties 

4 
standing 

KNOWLKDOK IS ONLT 

2 II 

attari. d by 

ami 

CO .MINK. 



Sdei:ted. 



Erratdm.— The original poetry published in No. 26, Vol. 
10, by a typographical error was credited to "Lulu" instead of 

LULA. 



crxjVEisriXjE uststi^xjotoi^ 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE KIRST i FIFTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 

GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy^ per Annum — — $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will he charged for Postage. 

.,^S"Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




