
Voii XL 



SALT J.AKh Oi 1 V, Al'llll 



IDOATVlSr Ilsr TV VOLCTVITO 



ALLr.sioN hii= prfvi'iusiy been made in onv eohnnnr; to the 
volcano called Ivilauea, which is cnusidcrod the largest 
active crater in the world. The engravintr which we herewi-h 
frive is intended by the artist to represent th-it volcano, but w"l 
convey to our readers but a vague idea of it. when we consider 
that its interior i^ nine miles in circumference. 



the cli-ti'ier of Kiu. for tne volcam and the district of Puna. 
From the fi>rin r place to the vol ano it is twenty two miles. 
Tlic first t'art of the road was quite pleasant, being over a 
riillimr prairie. Alter traveling a few miles from ^[ak•aka we 
were shown the place where the numntain jumped oft" and 
covered up a small village in the great carthi|uake and vol- 





Kld>r I!, (i. Lambert, who i.s now on a niissidii In the 
>audwich l.>lands, .send' us llie fol.owin^ accouni i.! a visit ho 
m ide to tliis volcano: 

On thesthof December, IsT.I, in coniiiaiiv with Hro. W . 11. 
Branch, Uiy fellow labon-r in thc> Miinistry, I left .^Iakaka, in 



eanic eruption of jsiw, -iinl hereby hangs a lab: 

S.iiue lini<' ago Irto ".\birinon" iui-sioiiaric< wnc weniling 
thoir way around Hawaii, on font, ami wilbiuil pur.HC <ir ,*«Tip, 
declaring (lie principles of the gospel, and Iryinu to lead this 
beiiighteil people to a knowlerlge of the Irnlli. Tbcy .-topped at 




86 



J-TJ^EISriIL.E I3SrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 





this place, and the peojile did not receive them very well, but 
one man, a professed Catholic, took them into his house, evi- 
dently mi'^taking the character of the strangers. The mission- 
aries very soon discovered this fact, and, at the same time, 
that the house was one of bad repute. They informed their 
host that they were preachers of the gospel of Christ, whirli 
brought from him a tirade of abu.se; but he allowed them 
to sleeji in his hou-e, and the nest morning furnished them 
with a little "poi" and dried fish to eat. But when they pro- 
jiared to leave, he demanded pay for keeping them. They 
informed him that they were without money, and had nothing 
with which to pay him. But he threatened to send for the 
constable and have them arrested if they did not hand out the 
pay immediatel}'. They plead with him some time, but to no 
advantage, when finally one of them, in despair of satisfying 
the mercenary fellow in any other way, asked him if he would 
take the shirt which he wore, as payment, and be satisfied. 
The host replied that he would, and the mis.sionary stripped 
himself of his shirt and gave it to him, and went on his way 
without one. The first water they reached after leaving this 
village, they washed them.«dves in and .shook the dust from 
their feet, as a te.-^timony against the place; and then went into 
gome trees or bushes near by and prayed to God to deal with 
that people as they deserved. The judgment of God visited 
upon them was sure and sudden. The eruption spoken of 
destroyed them without a moment's warning. 

From hi;re we proceeded on our way to the great living 
volcano, called Kilauea. We soon stiuck the lava, and trave'ed 
for some distance over it and volcanic sand. Evening was 
ap]iroaehing, and as I turned my eyes to the right I saw the 
smoke rising in the distance, and for a short time began to 
think vve must have passed the fiery monster; butu|ion making 
a little ascent we saw that the smoke arose on a line for almost 
as far as we could see. Our road had been for several hours 
over hollow-soundin.g lava, when, quite suddenly, on makin? a 
slight turn in the road we came in sight of the smaller era er, 
or lake of fire, and we both uttered an exclamition of astuni.sh- 
ment and admiration. The spectacle that was presented to our 
view surjia.ssed in point of grandeur anything we had before 
seen. It was most brilliantly red, and once in a while the red 
light would shoot high up in the air, looking most beautiful in 
the distance, as it was now quite dark. 

We viewed this scene a short time, filled with wonder, when 
our reveries were cut short with thoughts of our situation. 
AVe were strangers in a very strange place, and knew not whore 
We were to rest our heads for the night, which fact reminded 
us that we had better be moving on. 

After proceeding a .-^hort distance farther, and making another 
turn in the road, we reached the most prominent point on the 
edge of the crater, from which we obtained a fine view of the 
large lake, which is called Kilauea. This grand, stupendous 
jiiece of God's handiwork, as seen in the darkness of that 
night, was a never-to-be-forgotten sight. No words can 
adequatel}' describe the picture presented, or express our 
admiration at beholding the grandest of nature's fireworks. 

Below us lay the crater, his.sing and blowing like a host of 
huge blast furnaces, accompanying which could be heard a 
constant rumbling and groaning. Then as we cast our eyes 
around we could see other sights almo.st as grand. Where the 
lava ran off from the main cone, for about half a mile, it looked 
as though it was the encampment of a vast army, with the 
camp fires all aglow. 

From this place we urged on our tired horses, making a half 
circuit, or nearly so, of the crater, passing through a great deal 



of steam and smoke, which ."-melled strongly of sulphur, 
reminding me of the worldly picture of the infernal pit. We 
also passed quite a bed of sulphur, and, iipon making a final 
ascent, came upon the Volcano House. Had we been purse- 
less and scriple.ss we would perhaps have had the privilege of 
jiassing the night in the rain out doors, but as the native Saints 
had provided us with a few Jtene/Lcne.'i (cents), we were saved 
from this. We bore our testimonies to the proprietor of the 
hou.se, who was a half breed, and told him how we traveled, 
and he consented to keep us on reduced terms. We were very 
well treated, and .spent the evening talking religion to him and 
watching the freaks of "Pele," who made some excellent tire- 
works for us, surpassing in beauty most of those made by art. 
It would at times grow dim, and apparently almost die away, and 
then again brighten up and throw great red jets into the air, 
and sometimes cast a brilliant light, making a splendid view, 
and reminding me of the "Fairy Fountain," as seen at the Salt 
Lake Theatre some time ago, only, of course it was on rather 
a largi r -eale 

We watched this sight and talked until nine o'clock with 
untiring interest, but as we had ridden twenty-two miles thatday 
over the roughest kind of "Indian trail," as you would call it 
in Utah, for it was not worthy the dignified name oi road, wo 
concluded to retire. 

The luxury of sleeping between clean white sheets was quite 
an acceptable change from the native mats that we had been 
used to. I rested in fine style, not even dreaming of home ami 
"the girl 1 left behind me," but awakened several times and 
got up to tiike a fresh peep at the fire demon below, that hissed and 
rumbled all night, in a manner that made me really think, as we 
wereinformed,thatitwasunusually active at the time of our visit. 

We breakfasted at seven o'clock, and immediately after began 
our descent into the crater, determined on having a nearer view 
of the monster. Accompanied by a guide, and each supplied 
with a stout stick to ".sound for bottom," or to a.scertain where 
the crust was thick enough for us to walk on, we set out over 
the precarious path. The first part of the descent was steep, 
but we were not long in reaching the lava below, which is eight 
hundred and fifty feet below the Volcano Hou.se. The interior 
of the crater I judged to be about three miles across one way, 
and three and a half the other. Not a very small "hole in the 
ground," that! 

If I rememlier right the Volcano House stands on the north 
or north-east side of the crater, and there we made our descent; 
then passed along the east side and made our way over the 
shell of solid lava, and not so solid either, for it sounded very 
hollow, and it is my opinion that it is all a lake of boiling lava 
underneath. After going in a southerly direction for some dis- 
tance we turned west, and were soon in a hot place, where our 
feet began to feel uncomfortably warm, and hot steam and 
smoke rose out of the fi.ssures, and we could feel the crust shake 
under our feet. On looking down the fissures we could see the 
fire fiend, and every now and then the hot .sulphurous smoke 
would pufl' in our faces and almo.st take our breath. Here our 
progress was slower, and we went more cautiously, sounding 
with our sticks at every step. Our guide here pointed and 
touched with his stick, and said if we were to steji there we 
would go down to rise no more; and I was convinced that he 
was right, for a blow with the stick broke the surface. After 
passing some of this scaly road we reached the edge of the 
smaller lake, called "Halemaman." It was a hot place, I assure 
you. It boiled and spla.shed and threw the boiling lava into 
the air to a considerable distance. It was of a glaring white 
heat, and appeared to be like water in consistency. 





CTTJ'VEi^irjE xi<T&T:RTTcrno:R 



87 




Retracing- our steps for a short distanee, we made a slight 
turn to tht' north and again to the west, and passed over some 
more hot places, where we could have lighted a cigar by the 
lava, had we been smokers, but as it was, we contented ourselves 
by putting our sticks in and setting them on tire. We soon 
reached the edge of the great crater, Kilauea, and viewed the 
monster. The .surface of the boiling lake was about five feet 
lower than where we stood, and at times it would swell and 
rise till it looked as if it was going to run over. We stood 
near the edge of the lake a little while before it showed us its 
power, and we moved a little closer to get a better viuw. when 
it commenced boiling and leaping up into the air on the 
opposite side from us. The red-hot lava thrown into the air 
assumed all sorts of .shapes, and as 1 stood and looked at it I 
could imagine numerous small animals pictured in the fiery 
mass. It lasted but a short time, and then .started out in 
another p'aee much the same as befoi-e, only stronger. I was 
impressed with the power of the Creatorwho holds in his con- 
trol such a mighty agency for destruction, and never before did 
the power of man .seem to me so insignificant. 

We concluded to retrace our steps as time was passing, and 
we had a very long and rough ride before us; but we had not 
proceeded more than three rods when the lava commenced to 
boil and sj'urt up in the air near us, and actually fell on the 
verj' spot where we had just before been standing. Had we 
remained there two minutes lonserwe would have got the hot- 
test shower bath ever mortal received. 

The smaller lake is about eight rods across, the larger one 
fifteen. There were also several small cones that jjuffed and 
blew like so many locomotives ready to start. We proceeded 
to where the stream of lava runs: it is said to flow from thirty 
to forty miles an hour, but how true this is I cannot say. Here 
we put our .sticks into the melted matter and got some out, in 
which we fastened a couple of fifty cent pieces, making very 
pretty and curious specimens. But we both had the misfor- 
tune to break them in carrying them in our saddle bag.s. 

We reached the top of the volcano just before twelve o'clock, 
mounted our horses and rode twenty-three miles. 



(iHl, 



mcnca- 



BY G. M. O. 



ANCIENT PERU. 




{Contimted.) 

ON the Rio Cuaraconda at the base of the pe:ik Chic(m are 
the remarkable ruins of ( )llantaytanibo. These ruins, ons- 
inally a fortress, guarded the narrow pass leading to the plains 
ot the Ama/.in. It is built upon a spur of the mountain that 
projects into or rather between the two valleys of I'ataciincha. 
Each side of the projection of rock is built up with terraces, 
except where it presents a sheer precipice. The terraces are 
ascended on one side by steps, and on the other by an inclined 
Iilano over half a mile long. This plain is |)rotected at inter- 
vals by ImildiiiL's of stone. They are square in shaiie, similar 
to the old-fashioned bloik houses, and like them looped with 
holes. In places the walls of the incline are >ixty feet high, 
and up thi.s i)lane the enormous stones were dragL'cd. .Mr. 
Squires says: "The exterior walls of the fortress zigzag up the 
mountain side, and. turning at riL'ht angles, extend to where a 



precipice, more than a thousand feet hi^h, makes prolongation 
imiiost-ible and unnecessary. They are about twentv-five feet 
high, built of rough stones, stuccoed out.^ide and inside, cren- 
ated, and have an inner shelf fur the convenience of defenders. 
They might easily be mistaken for the work of Robert Guis- 
card, being not unlike the Middle Ase fortifications of that chief 
which hang on the brow of the hills above Salerno. Italy. 
Within the walls and on the i)rojecting rocky point which they 
isolate from the mountain, is a confu.'-cd mass of Imildiiiirs and 
walls, great porphyritic blocks, closely fitted in place or lying 
isolated, rock-cut seats, doorways of beautifully hewn stones 
with jambs inclining inwards, long ranges of niches in Cyclo- 
pean walls stairways and terraces. The stones are of a hard, 
red porphyry, lirought from quarries more than two leagues 
distant, upwards of three thousand feet above the vhllev and 
on the opi)osite side from the fortres.s. They are nearly all 
hewn into shape and ready to be fitted, and among them I 
notice several having places cut in them for the reception of 
the T clamp, which I have mentioned in dc.-cribing the remains 
of Tiabuanaco. One of these (lorphyry blocks, built in the 
wall of what appeared to be the beiiinning of aMpiare building, 
is eighteen feet long, five broad and four deep, not only jier- 
fectly squared but finely polished on every face, as are also the 
stones adjoining it, to which it fits with scarcely perceptible 
joints." 

Mr. S. describes other stone blocks larger in size: (me of 
them, twenty-one and a half leet long by fillecn i'cct broad, is 
partially imbedded in the soil but .--hows a thickness of five fi:et 
above grottnd. 

The view from the fortress is beaulifiil. 'I'he wholi; valley at 
one time was laid out in a system oC ten-races, "each terrace 
level as a billiard table, or with just enough of declivity to per- 
mit of easy irrigation." 

Facing the ruins is the mountain of I'inculluna, or "hill of 
flut(>s," an abrupt splintered mass of rock, tliouMinds of feet 
high, cutting the sky sharply with its jagged <Test. Hamiing 
against its sides in positions apparently an 1 in souie places 
really it;aeoessible, are numerous huildin;.'s. One group, a 
series of five long edifices one above the other, on corres- 
ponding narrow terraces, is the "School of the \'iixins." On 
a hold projecting rock, with a vertical de>cent of upwards of 
900 feet, stands a small building with a doorway oiieniiig on the 
very edse of the precipice. It is the "Tlorca del Ilombre," 
over which male criminals were thrown, .\tiove it a little dis- 
tance on a narrow shelf, are the jirisoiis in which th ■ criminals 
awaited their doom. To the left of these aiain, separat<>d by 
a great chasm in the mountains, but at the same giddy hight, 
and overlooking another precipice not less appalling, is the 
"Horca de Mugcr," or place of execution for women— vestals 
false to their vows, or nustas faithless to their Inca brds. 

The village of ( )llantaytamlio is little changed from Inca 
times. The great sipiare or court of petitions is nearly per- 
fect, and one of the In.-a buildings remains nearly perfect, 
lacking only the roof The streets of the ancient town were 
laid out with regularity and taste, running parr.llel with the 
.streim that watered it. This stream was oonlined between 
walls of stone. The ancient Iiouses still substantial are occu- 
pied by the present inhabitants, and in their airaiigcmcnl and 
other respects give an accurate idea of the mode in wliiib the 
aiK-ients lived. The nuiKiiitie history of the place is no less 
interesting than the ruins. .Vtid the traditions and stories of 
Ollantay, the love-lorn chieftain, form llie bases of the most 
I.erfect aii<l best dramas ol Old .Vmcrica that have desccnd.d 
to our (lav. 





CTTJ^IElsriLE IZN-STI^-^^CTOT^. 



"Cusi-Coyllur, the 'Joylul St;ir,' wa- the daii.ch't'v of the 
Inca Pachaeutec. Ollaiitny was a '.'i-avo and liainlsiijio ehief- 
tain of the Iiiea's army, who liail earrioil the Iiiea iiower fur- 
ther down towaid the Auiazoniaii |ilairi- than any of the Inea 
generals; but he was not of royal lilood. llc'tuiuuigiii triuiuph 
to Ciizoo, he was received with \iii|iieeedeuted honor.- in the 
Iluacapata; but in that very lii'iir wren his fame was hi;;hot 
and his ambition most tlatfd he eaughl sight of 'the Joylu' 
Star,' and became the prey ol a nassioii guilty alilie in the :-yes 
of religion and the law. N".ne but Iiioas could ally theujsclvc.s 
with those of Iiiea lineage, and whoever, outside of the royal 
line, shoidd aspire to such distinction was adjudged guilty of 
sacrilege and visited with the severest puni-hujent. Thwarted 
in his suit ignoniMiimi.-ly, when any one le-s distini;ui-hcd 
wiiuM liave been slain, the young chieftain, mad with disap 
]iointment, and burning with revenge, return? to his army, and 
in passionate words recounts his wi-ongs and asks his soldiers 
to assist in avenging them. In flying from the capital, how- 
ever, he pauses on the hight- above it and exclaim.-: 
'.All, Cuzco! Mil, bciiutil'iil city, 
Tlinu art tilled with my enemies; 
Tliy perverse bosom will I tear, 
Thy heart give ti> llie ccndors! 
Ah, liauglity tnemy ! ah, proud Inca! 
I will seek the ranks of mine antis: 
I will review my vict irinus soldier.-, 
I will give them arrows: 
And when on the hights ct" Sac-ahuaman, 
My men shall gather like a eloiul, 
There shall they light a Haine, 
Thence sliall descend as a torrent; 
Thou shalt fall at my feet, proud Inca 1 
You will ask me, 'take my daughter, 
On my knees I cni;dore my lile ' ' 
'.'The army responds to his liciy ap[iea's and hail.-, hint, 
Inca. He places on his own head the imperial scarlet 'llautu' 
and marches on to C'uzco; midway, however, he hear.s of the 
old, astute and iuviiicible Inca gcieral, Rnininani, who-e name 
of '.stony-eye' fairly indicate.-- bis colil imiilaeable character. 
Ollantay, imiietUiius, but caution--, does not undeivaUie his 
jiowerfnl and wary antagonist, but seizes on thc^ impm-tant 
liosition destined to bear his iiaine in future times, (brtilies 
himself, and eslabli.-hes a (irui base (or his operations against 
his sovereign. For ten years he maintains himself here, until, 
by a wonderlul act of treachery, lie is male |irisoncr, and 
brought to Cu/.co to suffer di ath. lint meantime the stern 
old Inca has died, and his son wdio.se younger heart can bettor 
api>reciate the tender passion, touclud by tlu rebel warrior s 
stm-y, not only jiardons him Ijut consents to his marriage with 
■the Joyful Star,' wdio had all this time been confined in the 
Aclla-Nuasi, or convent of the vestals. And they lived to a 
good old age, and were as happy ami prolific as the hero and 
heroine of any modern novel." (Sipiire*.) 

Such i.- the story of the origin of Ollantaytam'jo. a-!cording 
to tlie old (^uichna drama. Tiie palace of the chief is .still 
liointed out to the traveler, and enough of its niineil walls 
remains to show its elaborate plans and vast e.Ktent. 




It is false and indolent humility wdii<di makes jieople sit 
still and do notliini:. becau-e they will not be'ieve they are 
capable of doinL' much, for everybody can do som<-thing. 
Everybody can set a good example, be it to many or to few; 
everybody c;in in some degree encourage virtue ami religion, 
and discountenence vice and folly; everyfiody has some one 
idvl.-i'. in-truct. or in some way help .jr guide through life. 







BY C. R. SAV.VOE. 

CHAl'TKU \I[1. 

1"^ IK suspicious treat nil -nt of mine host of the "Farmer's .Rest" 
. m;.d.^ us feel glad to g t awnv from hius constant watchful- 
ness, and we lionnded along, little heeding which way we went. 
Ir was spring time, and nature was putting on her best 
apiH'arauce. The common was broarl and thinly peopled, and, 
altiiough eonsi'lereil baticn, was nevcrtlii'less b, autiful to look 
upon. Hereand there wcroclnmps of oak, the glory of English 
forests, while between each clump the green sward was dotted 
with beautiful wild flowers, such as the violet, cow.slip, jirimrose, 
daisy, be.tteienp and many other mode.st and beautifully 
seenud flowers, that in other lands arc nursed very tender'y in 
grecnbiuircs. The beautiful l>awthorn, the gaily painted furze 
and other flowering .--hiuhs help tocomiilete a picture of floral 
loveliness iieculiar to the moist, temperate clime of old Kngland. 

SitdiiWi) with me in soiusrniot d;il an] hair the divine 
toiiis of the nightingale, the j-ong of the thrush, the goldfinch 
and the linnet, and then emerge into the open plain and listen to 
t'lc king of English songsters, thij skylark; slowly he rises from 
the earth to :t height of about fifty feet, when he begins to sing. 
Higher and higher he soars, pouring out a volume of melodious 
.sounds until almost lost to the eye, appearing as a small speck 
in the ethereal vtiult, wdien suddenly he stop=, and appears to 
aliuo-t fall exhau.sled to the earth. Verily thou art highly 
iiivored above other land-, thou little green is'e of flreat Brit- 
ain. What a contrast to the Republic of Jlexico, where it is 
said the birds have no son.sr, and the flowers no scent. 

Tom ami t had but little interest either in the study of botany 
or oiiiithologv. Other >iud(e- w^ere troubling us at that time, 
the one that tnndile.- many of us now — the study of bread and 
bitter. Our future looki'il gloomy and uninviting. Wc had 
run away from home to gH rich, and return and tistonish our 
piients. but we were lioiu !'e.5s, penniless, and almost shoeless, 
and entirely out of sujiplies in the commissary department. 
Every uiovi.' we made towards our cherished object .seemed to 
put us firthcr from it- accomplishment. We had even lost our 
wav. anil with a feeling of desperation we detc mined to follow 
any road we cinie to, about after the fashion of the man who 
directed a stranger to 'Inrn every c.irner he came to and keep 
straight- to the right." We had started on the road to Ports- 
moiuli, a seaport town, where we hoped to be able to find a vessel 
and get a job as cabin In ys, oi any other one through which 
we might reach some other country, where perhaps luck might 
favor us as it did Dick Whittinglon. How far we t)'aveled I do 
n. 1 know, but esjiying stnne blue smoke curling ujiwards near a 
coiise of hazel wco 1, we thought we had reached a house or 
some jilace where some one lived that could help us; but judge 
of our ilisa]ipnintiiient — it was a camp of gypsies. Their house 
wasayellow-painu'd car, on wheels, while a kimi of temporary 
tent was stretched near it, with two oi- three rough looking men 
lolling on the grass near by. Several dirty little children were 
pLiying around, and the dark-eyed ladies were nniking fancy 
baskets. Ilnngiy as wolves, we asked them for something to 
eat. ;uid -aid we had lost our way. They generously gave us 
.•onie heavy bread and the remnants oi two chickens, and then 
tried to get our history from us, Imt we to ik care to keej) our 
own counsel. 

The gypsies are a race of v.-igabonds who live by stealing, 
robbing and fortune telling. 1'he men make money any w 




JTJ'VElIsriJLE IIsTSTI^TJCTOI^. 




the}' can; the women make fancy baskets, tell fortunes, beg, 
and, like the men, do as little work as possible. 

They will ask you to cross their hands with a silver coin, and 
will then pretend to tell you }'our future destiny, generally by 
palmistry. They succeed well among ignorant people, who are 
silly enough to believe them; but beware of them, and all such 
nonsense. When they reach a large town they advertize them- 
selves as gifted in certain matters; and as there are always 
plenty of dupes for such sharpers they do well. And riglit 
here let me say that all persons who have any curiosity as to 
their future, may alwaj's give as good a guess as any one else. 
If your course in life is correct, the issue will be satisfactory. 
The old Bible says "as you sow, so shall you rea|i;" this is the 
most correct fortune telling; and the only kind on which to rely. 
If you are inclined to steal, don't do it, and all will be well. ]f 
to lie. don't, and the truth will make you hapjiy. If you would 
be great, work, study, think, be humble, treat your superiors 
with deference, your pareuts with reverence, and there lives no 
sreater person than you will be. 

Gypsies are outcasts in Europe, Asia and Auierica. They 
occupy about the sauie relationship to society as do the lower 
c'asses of Indians who hang around the abodes of the whites, in 
the western parts of the United States. 

Having inquired the way, we started off again. The gyjtsies 
told us it was ten miles to the ue.xt village, but that there 
were a few houses about seven miles off. 'U'e tried liard to 
keep up our si)irits. but signs of weakness had begun to 
be manife.-i. Kach of us wanted to tell the other that home 
wa.'? the best place after all; but we were botli afraid to tell it. 
Certainly uo more gloomy afternoon had been experienced. 
"We were getting ragged, and poorer every day, we did not 
have the same elasticity of manner; in fact, we were getting 
tired of our venture. 'When about three miles from the 
gypsies we got caught in a shower, and got wet through. The 
sun came out and half dried our clothes, but still we were 
about as miserable as we could bo. Tom had not .said much, 
in fact, silence had got control of us; but when our feelings of 
loneliness and misery had reached thecimax. he asked, "Well, 
Charlie, what do you think we can do'.'" "Keep walking," 
I replied. •Well." said Tom, "let's go home, I'm .■<ick of 
this." "Agreed!" I responded; and we then talked ficcly, 
and avowed to each other our true scntimen's. P.iit getting 
home was another thing; so after the free talk we decided to 
move on to a jdacc where an uncle of mine lived, and return 
home alter seeing my relaiions. 

Wet, cold and mi.serable, will express the condition of the 
runaways as evening approached. We kept hopi.,g f.r hours 
for some place to crawl into, but none appeariMl. Nearing a 
crossroad, we saw an old shepherd driving a flock of sheep, 
and we determined to slick to liim, and get him to give lis 
shelter, and something to eat. Sure enough as we approached 
liim, he accosted us a^ follow-: 

"What be you little thieves a doin' iji .such a plo-ace a- this'.'" 

This was the signal f'o'- opening our batteries upon him, t'lid, 
mentioning the name of my uncle whom I was in search o'', I 
told him more truth than we had told for a long time He 
replied that we might gn with him, and he would point out 
the road the next morning to Clanlield, where my uncle lived. 

Tlii- n-lievcd us of a great trouble as to a .-heller for the 
niL'hi. The rain kept falling at intervals and it wa-i dark 
before w ■ reached the luimhlc cot of the shepherd. 




LiltKKAl.nv makes fricnd.s of eiiemie.-; priile m ikcs enc>mies 
riends. 



S U" 3Sr ID JL "Z" LESSOlsTS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



THE HISTORY OF JOSKPH SMITH, THEPROl'UET. — LKSSON XXXII. 



Q.— During this conference, was the power of God made mani- 
fest? 

A.— Yes, the Holy (Ihost was poured out upon iniuiy. 

Q. — "W'luit ettocts were produced by it? 

A.— Some prophesied, and others had visions of tho fulurc. 

Q.— "When was the ordinance of baptism administered again? 

A.— Ashoit time after conference David Whitmer baptized 
nine persons in Seneca Lake. 

Q.— Where did Joseph go after the eonferonce was over? 

A.— He made another visit to Jlr. Knight of Colesville, Broom 
County. 

Q.— What did he find there? 

A.— He found quite a nunil)er of people waiting to be baptized. 

Q. — Who went with him thcrb? 

A —His wife, Oliver Cowdery, John 'Wh tmcr and David 'Whil- 
mer. 

Q.— What did they do when they got there? 

A —They appointed a meeting for Sunday. 

CJ.— What else did they do'' 

A.— They madv a dam across a stream of w.iter on Saturday 
ready for baptizing ihe next day. 

CJ.— Did they jierform Ihe ordinance of baptism as t'ley expected? 

A.— No, n mob collected and tore down the diim in tlic night. 

Q.— Who was it that encouraged tlic mob to do this? 

A.— Several sectarian priests in that neighborhood. 

Q.— Why did they do this? 

A.- 15uc:iu>e lliey fell that their cnift w;is in danger. 

Q. — In what way? 

A. — liy their members joining the "Mormon" Church. 



2vl TJ S IC 



MisK is a .secretion, and is obtained from the inuskdeer 
[Mosc/im moscliiycrm), a. pretty little animal inhabiting the 
hiirlicr immutain range- of China, ToiKpiin and Thibet. The 
musk is found in a small pocket or pouch un<ler the belly of the 
deer. The hunters cut ofl' this pouch, which, becoming dry, 
)n-c?erves its contents, and in this stale the best article reaches 
our markets. Musk, when moderately dry. is an uncdiiuis 
jKiwder of reddish brown coliu-. It gives out a |>owerl'ul odor 
of a warm, aromaiiccbaiacter and mo.sl woiulerful iiersisleiicy. 
IJIending well with almost every other .-icenl, it discovers but 
little of its own peculiarity in compounds, when used in proper 
proporlion. ami yet gives them great iiermaneiicy. In point of 
general usefulness to the perfumer it is probably uncipialed by 
any other substance; for. allhoneh coarse and undesirable in a 
pure slate, the mo.-t popular compminds arc tho.-e in which it 
is an ingredient. 

Genuine musk is very costly, being woiih, when separated 
frou: its .sac and all extraneous mailer, about twenty live 
dollar.- an ounce. lis great .streiiglh ecmipensates in u mea.sure 
for its price. (Iin^parl of niu,-k, it is said, will seeni more 
I ban ihrec tiiousand parts ol' inodorous powder. 



Lr.T no imiii be too proud to work. iiCt no man be ashamed 
of a hard li-t or a suidaiint counlcnaiice; lei him be ashamed 
oidyol ignorance and sloth. Let no man bea-hnmcil of poverty; 
let him onlv bcu.shaineil of cjishonesly and idlein'ss. 



I 'si; whal tali'iil you po-se.s.s. The wood.> would lie very hiient 
il'no birds sung there but th.se wliicli sing besl. 





90 



a"TJ^EITILE IITSTI?.TJOTOI^ 




^Iti; ^«renil^ Ifnstrudor* 



OEOROE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APEIL 15, 1876. 





T is natural for an oppressed people to seek 
tor friends and allies wherever the}' can 
obtain them. This was the position of the 
colonies before thej- came to blows with the 
mother country. The thinking men of the 
colonies plainly saw that if King George and 
his counselors pursued the policy they had 
adopted, they (the colonists) had either to 
defend their liberties by going to war or 
lose them altogether. They saw that the con- 
flict could not be Lng postponed; for Great Brit- 
ain was too proud and arrogant a power (o 
refrain from war if the colonies did not submit 
to her la'vs and demands. So they wisely made 
friends wherever they could. They sent addresses 
to Canada, explaining their position and for the 
purpose of arousing sympathy. They did the same 
ti the people of England. And as the Indians were 
then very numerous all around them, they took pains to ex- 
plain to them how they had been treated. If they could persuade 
the Indians not to take sides against them, they thought it 
would be a great point. The following is an extract of an 
address which was drawn up by the members of the congress of 
the colonies. July i:!, 1TT5, to the Indians of Six Nations— a 
strong Indian confederacy. At the time this was written the 
colon'sts were subjects of King George, of (ireat Britain and 
Ireland. Thev had not then rebelled against him, nor declared 
the colonies independent Scates. This was not done until the 
4(h of July of the next 3'ear. We think it will be interesting 
to our readers to peruse this extract. Some i)arts of it may 
remind them of the treatment our own Territory has received. 
"Bi-otliers. thus stands tho matter betwixt old England and 
Aniprica. You Indians know how things are proportioned in a 
family— between the father and the son— the child carries a little 
pack-^Eng'and we regard as the rather, this island may be com- 
pared to the son. 

"Tlie father has a numerous family, both at home and upon 
this island. He appoints a great number of servants to assist him 
in the government of his family. In process of time some of his 
servants grow proud and illnatured— they were displeased to see 
the boy so alert and walk .so nimbly with his pack. They tell the 
father, and advise him to enlarge the child's pack— they prevail— 
the pack is increased— the child takes it up again— as he thought it 
might be the father's pleasure— speaks but few words— those very 
small— for he was loth to offend the fiither. Those proud and 
wicked servants finding they had prevailed, laughed to see the 
boy sweat and stagger under his increased load.' By and by, 
they ajiply to the father to double the boy's jiack, because they 
heard him complain— and without any reason .said they— he is a 
cross child— correct him if he comiilains any more. The boy 
entreats the father— addresses the great servants in a decent 
manner, that the pack might be lightened— he could not go any 
farther- humbly asks, if the old lathers, in any of their records, 
had described such a pack for the child— after all the tears and 
entreaties of the ehild, the pack is redoubled— the child stands a 
little, while staggering under the weight— ready to fall every 
moment. However, he entreats the father once more, though so 
nt he could only lisp out his last humble supplication— waits a 



while— no voice returns. The child concludes the father could 
not hear— those proud servants had intercepted his supplications, 
or stopped the ears of the father. Ue therefore gives one struggle 
and throws off the pack, and savs he cannot take it uji again, 
such a weight would crush him down and kill him— and he can 
but die if he refuses. 

"Upon this, those servants are very wroth— and told the father 
many false stories respecting the child— they bring a great cudgel to 
t'le father, asking him to take it in his hand and strike the child." 



My neighbor who sits beside me in the House of Representa- 
tives is from New England. He is a wealthy manufac- 
terer. He is probably worth upwards of a million of dollars. 
Yet he is a plain unpretending man. He assumes no airs. 
We know many who have but little more than their salary to 
depend upon who put on far more style than he does. This is 
frequently the ca-^e both with means and knowledge. It is not 
always the man who puts on the most style who is worth the 
most, and it is not always the man who assumes to know the 
most who possesses the most knowledge. True merit is generally 
accompanied by modesty. The more a man knows tlie more 
c )nseious he is of how much there is that he does not know. 
But to return to my neighbor. His father who was a school- 
master died when he was a boy of about eleven years of age. 
He has never been to school since that event. The family was 
thrown upon its own resources. When he got old enough, he 
was bound out to learn the trade of a carpenter. He was to 
receive for the five 3'ears his board and clothing. How much 
clothing he was to get you can imagine when you are told that 
he arranged with his ma.ster to clothe himself if he would give 
him thirty-five dollars a year! So the man to whom he was 
bound gave him thirty-five dollars a year and his board for his 
work. This was his pay for the five years. And labor in that 
country means work; it is no holiday business. It means rising 
early and working late, and that, too, steadilj' and hard. How 
many of our boys and young men would like to be bound to 
work in this manner, and for a bare and .scanty living? Not 
many, we guess. We imagine some would murmur a great 
deal, and think such a lot a dreadfully haid one. Not so the 
gentleman of whom I write. He was glad to have the privilege 
of learning a trade. The skill he was aci|uiring, he knew would 
be useful to him in years to come, and ho worked on patiently. 
It doubtless was hard and trying to him to be bound for so long 
a period; for five years appears very long to a boy or a young 
man. He now tells me that his .success in life is due in a great 
measure to the self-denial he had to practice in Ids boyhood 
and during those five 3'ears. Ho learned habits of inilu^lry, of 
economy, of .self-denial and of obedience; he le 'rned ))er.sever- 
ance and acquired skill. This was a most valuable education. 
He can appreciate its value now. 

After he had .served out his time, he soon started business 
for himself. He knew the value of a dollar. He knew how 
much labor it took to earn one. He did not spend it foolishly. 
He could live ])lainly, dress plainly and work hard. He had, 
also, established a character for himself — a most important 
thing in a young man's life. By degrees he worked him.self 
into the pos.session of more means. A manufactory was started, 
and he was a suitable man to take charge ol it; he had some 
means also to put in it. This manufactory has increased i's 
business until now it i s immense. The articles which are 
manufactured are sold all over the United States. They are 
sold extensively in Utah. Our wholesale Institution — Zion's 
Cooperative Mercantile Institution — juys quantities of them, 
and it is very likely tbat many of our readers use them. 

There is a very important lesson to be learned from such a 
life as thi.s. And it is mo.st proper that such lessons sluudd be 





0" TJ "V E IN" I H. E JHSrSTI^TJOTOI?., 



91 




PHILADELPHIA 



impressed upon our boys and young men in the mountains. 
They greatly need them. The disposition is entirely too 
common to look to pre.sent enjoyment rather than to future 
good. Our country, desert and wilderness as it has been, is 
not a hard one to make a living in. Wages have been good. 
Compared with new England, life has been easy. If boys hire 
out, they generally expect the best of wages. If they think 
of learning a trade, many want more wages than they can 
earn, apparently forgetting that the training and skill which 
they acquire are of great value to them. This is unwise. 
Then there are a great many who want some kind of employ- 
ment where they can earn good wages easily, where they will 
not have to work at rough, hard work. They would like to 
be store-keepers, salesmen, clerks, etc. At these employments 
they do not have to lie exposed to the weather and they can 
wear nice clothes. Many think this a very pleasant, desirable 
life. But in a country, and among a people, like ours, girls 
should be trained to do much of this work. A liealthy boy or 
young man should have the ambition to learn some branch of 
labor reipiiring strength and skill, and in which he can be trained 
to habits of perjcveiaiiec and industry. And it he has to 
practice economy and self-denial to live, all the better for him. 
If he profit by such training, he will find it of greater value 
than going to college 
for year^. A man 
who has learned hard 
work when he was a 
boy and young man 
is more likely to be a 
useful citizen than a 
man who has not had 
such a training. 
Book learning is good 
and useful, and 
should be acquired 
by all; but if the 
choice lay between 
that and hard work 
and skill, we should 
say: learn by all 
means to work hard and be skillful. There i.", however, no 
necessity among us to neglect one of these to acciuire the other. 
Industrious habits and skill can be acquired, and yet a know- 
ledge of books and a gniwl (.(iiUMtioii ijced not be neglected. 
A people who earn |)ro|iiTty anil the comforts of litii by hard 
labor, know how to anpie-iate them better and enjoy thjm 
more than tho^e do who obtain thciu in some other way. It 
is so with Heaven itself. Those who have labored hard to 
obtain it, who have endured and suffered much, who have 
passed through great tribulation, will enjoy the bliss and 
happiness to be enjoyed thijre. 



THEE IISra?EI?.lSrj^TI01T7LIj 
EXlHIIBTTIOlNr. 



{Continued.) 



THE Women's Pavilion will be, to most of our fair readers, 
at least, the most interestingedifiee of all. The women of 
.\merica have shown their usual self-sacrificing patriotism in 
the matter of the Centennial. They raised more than one 
hundred thousand dollars by fairs, tea parties, etc., which 
they devoted to the general fund, before they began to rai.se 
money for this special building. There have been feeble 
attempts, at other World's Fairs, to exhibit the products of 
feminine taste and industry. Sweden made such an attempt 
at A'ienna, and so did Austria. But this is really the first 
effort to do justice to the subject on a large scale. Here are to 
be -seen, not only .specimens of the finer kind of needle-work, 
embroidery, lace, etc., but also statuary, oil painting-, enprav- 
iiiss, de^coiMted porclain. etc., etc.. the work of wonen. 
lievohitioiiury re ics, for w'lich there is no place in the Main 
Kxhibition Hall, and whi'-h illustrate the social life of a hun- 
dred yetrs ago are liki-wise to be found here. One of the 
mo.st interesting features is an array of costumed figures, 

showing the fashions 




Good AiiviiK vor tiik Yiuno. — Avoid all boastings and 
exaggerations, backbiting, abuse, and evil speaking; slang 
phrases and oaths in conversation; depreciate no nun's ([ual- 
ities, and accept hospitalities of the hamblcst kind in a hearty 
and appreciative manner; avoid iriving ofFcn.se, and if you do 
offend, have tlie luaiiliiicss to apologize; infu.se as much elegance 
as pos.siblc into ynu- thou-lits as well as your actions; and, as 
you avoid vulL'arities you will increase the enjoyment of life, 
and grf>w in the respect of others. The best .ulcs are, to 
talk little, to hear much, to reflect alone upon what has passed 
in company; t<j distrust one's own opinion, and value others 

hat deserve it. 




of each decade .since 
ITTC. 

Some new features 
of great public 
i mportance have 
been introduced into 
the manner of mak- 
ing awards for articles 
e.vhibited at this ex- 
hibition. Hitherto 
medals have been 
given to exhibitors 
as testimonials of 
the value of indu.s- 
trial products. The 
main object of an 
Iiiterti.itional Hxhibilion is to bring together manufactures and 
wurks .if ;irt from all jiarts of the world so that they may 
ciin'espiirid witli iiiie .-in itluir. :n:l the bi;st and most useful be 
held up to piililic iio'lce and aiiprob.-iti'in. It has been found 
tliat the system of gold meilals and special lu'izes does not 
.work well, and now ; r ieleu exliibited ;ire liiifnupon their merits 
as determined by competent judges irom this countiy and 
abroad, and who will be re>ponsible to the public for the 
opinions they give by signing their names to the published 
reports. This will tend to insure honest and also more 
extended reports, and to induce a larger number of manufac- 
turers to enter into competition. The exhibition will be 
arranged so as to insure a fair representation from every 
couTi:ry. The heart of what is the international part of the 
Exliiliition, most of it, is given up to foreign contributors. 
H(n'e are shawls from Cashmere, carpets from the looms of 
Smyrna, .Tapanesj goods, ('hiiice fabrics, curtain stufls from 
Ciinstaiitinoiile, Kgyptian curiosities. Here is porcelain from 
Worces er, .Minton. Copeland, Sevres, l»rc.sden etc.. etc. 
Here is the glass of \'enii'e, <"liehy, I'-ngland and Hnhemia; 
the enameled ware of China, •)apan and Paris; carved cabinet.s 
fnun Florence; silverware; mirrors; chandeliers. Here are 
diamonds; ne.'k laces of oiIht precious stones; ji^wi^lry .such iis 
never before has been seen iti .Vmeriea. .\.\minstvr sends it." 





^ 



9S 



CTTJ VEIsTiDI^E Xl^TSTI^TJOTOI^. 




carpets; France its fabrics of aubusson; Saxony its imitations 
of oriental rugs; 'N^ienna its curtain stuffs, combining the 
technical skill of the West, with the gorgeous coloring of the 
East. _ Here, in short, is gathered a display of manufactured 
articles, useful, ornamental, etc., .such as has never been seen 
before, not even at A'ienna in l.*^"-'), much less at any of the 
preceding and smaller World's Fairs. 



T-HIB EX:i='LOSIOISr. 



m .lOIIX NICIKlLSON. 



T- 



IHE 5th of April. ISTlj, will long be kept in remembrance 
by the people of Salt Lake City, for on that day happened 
one of the most startling incidents that has ever occurred since 
the settlement of the Territory. Shortly before five o'clock 
that afternoon the people were shocked and terrified by the 
exploding, on Arsenal Hill, of four magazines, coutaining over 
forty tons of various kinds of powder, scattering into the 
heart of the city, in a radius of about four miles (some of the 
missiles reaching even a distance of fiv^ miles), about five 
hundred .tons of rock and other material, and shaking not 
only every building in this city, but the shock extending to a 
distance of not less than forty miles. 

Two lads, Charles Kichardson and Frank Hill, aged respect- 
ivel.v eighteen and se\enteen j'ears, who were near the build- 
ings at the time, were blown to i)ieces; a.nd Sister Vnu Natti, 
aud ahttle three and a half year old boy. named Raddon, were 
instantly killed by flying rocks. Besides thee. Sister V.. 
Tlinmassen was badly injured m one arm, by being struck by a 
piece of iron, and a few other.s received smaller injuries. 

ThekilIiugofthe.se four per.sons and the injuring of a few 
others was, of course, keenly regretted, and there was .great 
sympathy for the relatives of those who were so suddenly 
taken away from them; but it is very wonderful that a great 
deal more injury to persons was not done, when we consider 
that such a ((uantity of rock, brick and other material was 
thrown with such force and scattered ia nearly every part of 
this great city. I (|uestion if there is another occurrence of 
the kind ou record where so few people were kille] or wounded, 
and I Ix'lieve it was onlj- by the matchless power, goodness 
and mercy of God that the people were pi'eserved from far 
greater destruction than they met with. 

The 'noise of the explosion was very loud, and the shaking 
of the earth and buildings terrible, causing many houses to he 
cracked and rent, as well as being greatly damaged by fiiliing 
rocks; and the amount of window glass that was shattered in 
pieces cannot be estimated. 

And what weiv the ieelings of the people? Many were 
.<oroly afraid, and knew not where to go or what to do, think- 
ing, as was the case, that some great evil had coiue upon them, 
many not knowing the real cause. The feelines exhibited 
.showed plainly the effect that the judgments of (<od will have 
when they are poured out ujion the world because of the 
wickedness oi' men, for tho.se judgments will come, and are 
now at our doors, as sure as the sun shines in the heavens. 

The scene exhibiled on the .'itli of A]iril shows how natural 
it will be lor the wicked to call upon the mountains and the 
rocks to fall upon them and hide them liom the wi-alh of an 
offended ( rod. 

AVhen the Latter-day Saints are not altogether free from the 
effects of fear when overtaken by a sudden and startling event, 
the consternation of the wicked, when judgment i)ursues them, 
may be imagined. I'ut the Lord has said that in proportion 



as the Saints fail to keep his commandments, so far will they 
be liable to be chastised as well as the wicked, and judgment 
begins at the house of the Lord. 

Another reflection that occurs to the mind of the writer is 
that the Lord has been calling upon the Saints, through his 
servants, to unite their means for the establishment of home 
manufactures, and stop, as far as possible, the use of imported 
goods, but the people have been somewhat slow to listen to 
those wise coun.sels. But here is a little incident that happens, 
sweeping away, in a few seconds, property, the value of which, 
put all together, would have established several indu.stries of 
great use to the Saints, and added strength to the kingdom of 
God. These things, my young readert,, should teach us to 
have all that we possess ready, when wanted, to build up the 
work of God, who, at any moment, has the power to .sweep 
Hway our means, and even to put an end to our earthly lives. 



r a |j Ii 






{Continued.) 

y\J E have described to you, in the previous number of the 
' T Instructor, the course Joseph Smith took to obtain 
knowledge. The Apo^tle James had said: "If any of you 
lack wisdom, let him ask of God." Joseph believed his 
words and, in child-like simplicity, had asked, and the Lord 
had answered his praj'er. He had the privilege of learning 
from heavenly Beings that which he had sought in vain to 
obtain from man. 

As we have told you, the light which surrounded those holy 
Beings was most beautiful aud brilliant. As it descended from 
the heavens and came near the tops of the trees where Joseph 
was praying the whole grove was lit up in a most glorious 
manner. The light was .so very bright that ho expected it 
would burn the leaves and limbs of the trees when it touched 
them; but when he saw that they were not burned by it, he 
felt no fear about it hurting him. When it rested upon him, 
and he was .surrounded by it, his sensations were very peculiar; 
but very pleasing aud joyous. It was when the light rested 
upon him that he saw the heavenly personages. They exactly 
resembled each other in their features and appearance. 

As .soon as Joseph was able to speak, he asked the person- 
ages, who stood above him in the light, which of all the .sects 
was right and which he .should join. It was his desire to' 
obtain knowledge respecting this important matter' that 
prompted him to go out alone and pray to God. He fully 
expected there was one Church on the earth which was true 
and acknowledged by the Lord. But he was told that he 
must join none of them, for they were all wrong; and the 
I'er.sonage who talked to him said that all their creeds, or 
systems of religion, were an abomination iu his sight, and the 
preachers of those doctrines were all corrupt, "thej' draw near 
(o me with their lips, but their hearts are fixr from me; they 
teach for doctrines the commamlments of men, having a form 
of godliness, but they deny ihe power thereof" He again 
Commanded him not to join any of these churches, and he was 
promised that the true doctrine — the everlasting gospel — 
should be made known to him at some future time. Many 
other things were told him and the vision was withdrawn. 





J IT VEHsriLE in^STI^.lJCTOIE?. 



93 




Every one of our young readers can think how delighted 
Joseph must have been at receivinjr this gloiious and precious 
visit from those holy Beings. He had no longer to look here 
and tbere for the truth and the true people of God. Know- 
ledge had been given him which he could depend upon; and 
he no doubt felt tiiat it would be a pleasure to him to tell 
what the Lord had revealed to him to all the world, if they 
would listen to him. T5ut the world would neither listen to nor 
believe him. 

This latter statement may appear strange lO you, children. 
You cannot, perhaps, understand why any per. on would not 
be glad to hoar such truths as Joseph could tell them. AUer 
so many generation.s had passed away without a voice from 
heaven being heard, and without any person being able to 
say: 'Thus, saith the Lord," you would probably think that 
men would be glad to hear that the Lord had spoken, and 
would crowd around Josojih with open ear:^ to hi ar what the 
Lord had said. 

Eli was a very old man, and a High Prie.-t who bad been 
acknowledged by the Lord, and ?aniuel was a very young boy, 
yet when God spoke to Sanjuel. and he told Eli what the Lord 
had said, Eli listened to him with kindness and respect. But 
the people did not do so with Joseph. They did not have 
that regard for God and His word that Eli, with all his liiulis. 
had. Truly had tno Lord said to Joseph that they were 
corrupt, and that while they drew near to him with their lips, 
their hearts wu-e far from liini. Josejih soon proved this to 
his satisfaction. 

Some few days after lie had this vi.-ion he happened to be 
in company with one of those preachers who had been so 
very active in the religious excitement wliich we alludtd to in 
the la>t number of the Instiu ctor. This preacher belonged 
to a se t called Jlethodists. Their conversation turned upon 
the subject of religion, a&d Jose]di told him auout the vi.sion 
which he had received. 

Now, this man, though he prcachc d to everybody aliout 
God, and professed to be His servant, he never had seen Hiin 
or heard Him speak, neither had he ever known any person 
who had ever seen Him or heard Him speak. The last men 
who had known God, had been killed hundreds of years before 
he was born, by the people who then lived, because they 
declared God's word, which made the wicked amrv. All 
that he knew, therefore, about God, he learned from the Bible 
which was wiitten by men who had known Him. 

Instead of being thankful to learn that (Jnd had once more 
spoken to man. this preacher treated Joseph's description of 
his vi>ion with contempt. He said that it was all of ihe devil, 
and that there was no such thing as visions or revelations at 
that time; they liad all ceased since the Ai.ostle^ of Je.-u.s had 
l)assed away, and there never would be any more o; them. 

Boys, you can imagine iiow disai)po;nted Joseph was at hear- 
ing this language from a man who profes.sed to have such love 
for God. It was a fact thai he had haa a vision, and he knew 
it, and all tiie preachers in the world cotild not make it other- 
wise. Though all the world .-hould oppose liim, and deny that 
he liad seen anything, Jo-eidi knew lliat h.> bad lioth seen a 
light and heard a voice speaking to him. What could he do'.' 
He could not believe thi.s preacher when he .'^aid that all lu' 
had told him was of the devil, and that there never would be 
any more visions or revelation.^! 

( Td lie C'liih'iiiifd.) 




\Vk woidd gain more if \vi' lelt our.-elvcs to appear such as 
are, than by attempting to appear uhat we are not. 



nestiau^ am! J^^nstt'trj! 



BOOic oip im: o K. nyn o isr , 



LKssoM cvr. 

Q. — In the sovi'Mty-M.xth yrar of ttie riMgn of the jiulgi-*, what 
wa? the condition of the people of Nophi" 

A. — There was )>lciity in IhH hind, and the ati'airs uf tho people 
were prosperous. 

Q.— How long was this hajipy C'>n<lition maintained' 

A. — Until the twiMity-ninth year of the roign of vhe judges. 

Q.— Wliat then occurred? 

A.— There vvii.s much strife ah.iut e^rliiin points of .loctrine. 

Q — Bj- what means was it ended? 

A. — Nephiand many of this brethren, having had many revela- 
tions on the sulijoet, declared the true doctrine to the people. 

Q.— What WHS the chief event of the next year? 

A — An army of Xephites was sent to destroy the band of 
robbers which had been formeu bj- Gadianton. 

y.— What success did the Nephites have in this attempt" 

A. — They were driven hack ti> their own homes. 

Q. — What was done in the next year? 

A. — The at'empt was again made. 

Q.— With what success' 

.■\.— :Many of the robbers wi>re killed, hut the Xi-pliitcs were 
obliged to return. 

Q. — Wliat can you say of the Ni'jihite-; for the next live years? 

A.— They became v. ry wickrd and proud, and appeared to 
have forgotten the Lord. 

Q.— What wasthu c-ondiiioii of the Lanianitc» at this time? 

A.— Thry remained steadfast to tlie chiiri'li of (iod. and were in 
prosperous (.•ircumstance.'^. 

y. — What Lamanite went to preach to the Nephites? 
A. — A prophet named Samuel. 

OlsT THE BIBLE. 



Q.— What aid 8aul say eoneerning his daugliter itieiialV 

A.— "I will give him iDavidi her, that she. may he a snare to 
him, and that tlie hand <.f the Philistines may be against him." 

Q.— What did David say when Saul's servants urged hin t« 
become tlie king's son-in-laW 

A.— He said he was a poor man aiul lightly esteemed. 

Q —Whal did Saul reply wlien In^ s,rvants t.'ld him what David 

said? 

A.— That he \v..uld not require a dowry from David but that 
he should slay one hundred of the Philistines. 

Q.— What was Saul's wish in ri'ipiiring tins? 

A.-He thought t.. make D.Mvid fall hy the hand ..f the Philis- 
tines. 

Q._^Vhen David wa^ t.dd what .^aul re.piircd, liow did he feel 

about it? 

A.— "It pleased David well p. he the king's s..n-in-law." 

Q.— What did David then do'' 

A.— He arose and slew two hundred of the IMiilisllnes. 

Q. — After this what did King Saul do' 

A. — '-Me gave him Miehal his daughter to wife " 

(j._\Vhat did Saul see eoneerning Daviit? 

A.— Thht (he Lord was with him, and that Miehul loved him. 

Q._-\Vhat cll'ecl did this have upon Sriol' 

A.. — He was yet the noire afraid of David, and beeanu' his enemy 

(■ontinnally. 

q._Allerthe princes of the Philistines went forth, how .lid 

David licdiave himself' 

A. — "More wisely than all ihe >,Tvanls of Saul, ^o that In. 
name was much set by." 

Q._Whattlid Saul Miy unto .lonathan hi- m.ii and lo nil hi.< 
servants'' 

A.— 'That Ihi'y shoidd kill Dii\ i<l." 





9i 



J U V E nsri 3L> E3 I IT S T K. U' C T O I?.. 





BY ETOGH KNOUGH. 



CHAPTER VIII. 




Al'TER leaving the Sandwich Islands, the next group of any 
importance is the Society Islands. They lie Viotweon l(i° 
ir and 17" 23' south latitude, and 148° and 152° longitude 
west. On their eastern side are the Low Islands and on the 
western the Friendly Islands. 

The principal island of the Society group is Tahiti or 
Otaheite, as it is sometimes called. It is about 32 miles in 
length. All the other i.slands are small and some uninhabited. 
This group is generally mountainous and elevated. The 
valleys are delightful in climate and luxuriant in every variety 
of tropical vegetation, in fact, an earthly paradise, enchanting 
the eyes of the traveler. 

Along the sea shore the lands are densely wooded, with 
vegetation and fruits of every description of tropical growth, 
well tended and cultivated. The most remarkable product is 
the guava. This shrub was introduced from Norfolk Island 
some 50 years ago, and now tliorc are miles ot woodland 
formed by this bush, producing in greatest profusion and 
luxuriance its superb fruit. 

Tahiti is belted, about three miles from the shore, by 
a coral reef, with occasional openings, and the water insi !e the 
reef is calm in the most severe gales, and affords an harbor 
for ships of the largest tonnage, where they can safely ride at 
anchor. 

Captain Cook visited these ifLiuds in the year 1709, and 
gave them their present name, although they were known to 
Europeans as for back as 1606. After Captain Cook returned 
t) Great Britain and reported on the islands, a great interest 
was felt by the I'juglish regarding them. They sent out a 
number of missionaries to the natives, and soon after the 
French sent out a few Roman Catholic Priests, and the Eufih.-h 
missionaries being jealous of them, instead of working hand 
in hand in the conversion and civilization of the heathens, set 
to work to make the natives illtreat the Frenchmen. When 
the French government heard of this they were very angry, 
and sent out a vessel ot war and took possession of the islands, 
and assumed a inotectorate over them. 

The natives of these islands are of a darker color thvu the 
Hawaiians, and alth'iugh to all appearance of the same descent, 
they are not so open to civilization, and are more cruel and 
barbarous than the Kanakas. Between the years 1845-55 
several of our Elders visited the islands, and attempted to 
instruct the natives in the way of truth and salvation, but they 
had a hard task of it, for what with the influence of the 
.sectarian mi.ssiouaries and the natural apathy of the natives 
they made comparatively but little progress. A few were 
baptized and a branch of the Church formed, and from 
information received, it is believed that these few have 
remained faithful to th-ir covenants to this day, that is, those 
who are left of the tmmber. 

The fir.,t of our l']lders to visit these islands were Addison 
Pratt and B. F. Grouard, botli energetic men, who had 
constructed a small vessel to carry them from one island to 
another, which helped them greatly in propagating the gospel 
among the islanders. Bro. Hanks seems to have made the 
best impression with the natives, for he settled down in the 



islands and remained there nearly eight years, having but 
little communication with he Church in Zion. 

Elder Jas. S. Brown also visited these islands, but did not 
remain there very long, for, as he expresses it, the climate 
was a great deal too hot for his constitution; especially, as the 
nativoa, taking a grrat liking to him, wished to show their 
regard by offering him up to one of their gods as a b^rnt 
sacrifice. 

Captain Cook in the year 1774 estimated the population at 
a^out 200,000; in ]s;40 it was l(i,UO(J, ;ind no iloubt, in another 
hundred years, or less, it will have grown so wonderfully small 
that it will be represented by the figure 0. Here, tru'y, is a 
proof "tliat civilization is a failure," and the Polynesians are 
fast becoming extinct. 

The next important group of i.slands we come to south of 
the Socie'y Islands are the Fijis. This numerous group is 
known also by the names of Feejee. Fidji and Viti Island.*. 
They lie to the east of the group known as the New Hebrides, 
between latitude 15° 30' and 10° 30' S. and longitude 177° E. 
and 178° W. 

Tr.e F'jis consist of }'A islands, 6.') of which are inhabited, 
and subdivided into the Ea.-tern and Asana groups, between 
which are nu.uerous spacious outlets or channels. 

The two la 'gest islands are named Viti Levu and Paou or 
Sandalwood Island. The other principal islands are Vuna, 
Ovolau, Bau and Goro, but some of the others though smaller 
are popu!o>i.s. The average ropnl.'ition of these islands is 
about 7, 000 inhabitants each IMost of the remainder are mere 
islit". The.se islands are not formed as described in the last 
chapter, but are of volcanic origin, but no .signs of volcanic 
heat have been found, excepting at the one spot of Lavu-Lavu 
on the island of Paou. Extinct volcanoes are frequently met 
with in the mountain ranges. These mountains rie in the 
shape of cones and are several thousand feet in height. On 
these lofty peaks the iialives build their towns for the purpose 
of safety The vallsys of these mountains are very beautiful 
having a fine foliage, which reaches to their summits. 



THE 



■V I Ij Xj J^ G- E . 



From Chamhers' Mkcellany. 



( Confinued. ) 



TilK 'Spital, as the poor-house was called, was a miserable place, 
where the poor had been huddled together like cattle in 
a fold, without any discrimination of age, sex, character, or 
state of health, and there kept without any proper supervision, 
and supplied with no useful employment. Roderick had often 
visited the place, and was resolved that such a nursery of 
idlene.ssand vice should no longer defile and disgrace his parish. 
A list was prepared of all the people unable to support them- 
selves. The 'Spital was reformad, and changed into quite 
another house. A large kitchen was made, where the cooking 
for all the inmates might be done; sejiarate rooms were estab- 
lished for the men and women respectively, and two chambers 
set apart for the .sick; a separate sleeping-cell, too, was provided 
for every healthy person. Into the newly arranged house all 
per.sons who had no houses were conducted, as well as the 
children of such families as had no decent accommodation at 
lionie. Children were left with their parents in all cases where 
this couhl be done without peril to the health of both their bodies 
and their minds. 





TTJ^ElItTIXjEl IIsTSTie/TJCTOI^. 



95 





Suitable persons were appointed to visit all the families 
receiving from the parish relief in their own houses, and regular 
reports were given by these visitors to Roderick and Oswald. 
All the paupers who could labor were compelled to do so in 
support of the funds of the 'Spital; and if any one refused to 
do his duty, he was condemned to imprisonment, and supplied 
only with bread and water. Tliis regulation soon exposed the 
distinction between the worthless and those who were willing 
to become useful members of society. The land attached to 
the 'Spital was laid out in gardens, and soon showed signs of 
good cultivation. Every pauper was obliged to contiibute a 
certain amount of the produce of his allotment to the common 
fund, but with permission to raise more for his own purposes. 
Abundant work was found for all who were strong, in mending 
the roads, draining the boggy parts of the forest, felling trees, 
planung, clearing the water-courses, and other ways. There 
was indoor work too for rainy weather and for the women: they 
were required to keep all the furniture in the 'Spital in good 
order, and to keep themselves employed with spinning, knitting, 
and sewing. By such measures, enforced by a constant, kind, 
and watchlul supervision, the 'Spital was transformed into a 
comfortable abode, and a nursery of industrious habits. And 
all this was soon done without any expense to the pari.sb. The 
inmates of the house were soon able to prepare and cook their 
own food, repair their clothes, and to manufacture goods which 
found a sale. Their minds also improved as their physical 
condition was elevated by decency, industry and orderly 
habits. 

It should be observed, that every inmate wa': at liberty to 
leave the house whenever he thought proper, provided that he 
could show that he had a fair pro<pc-t of oth-iwi: e honorablv 
supporting himself anil those belonging to him. Thus many 
who had been burdens to themselves and the parish, by kind 
and prudent means well carried out, were restored to the happy 
condition of being willing and able to stipport themselves, 
and contribute to the welfiire ot society at G >!denthal. 

"What can Oswald be scheming now?" said some of the 
people when the reformer began to devote his evenings to the 
measurement of their farms. He was walking about with the 
schoolmaster, John Heiter, stretching the chain, or looking 
over the tops of the stakes he had fixed in the groutid. "Wh it 
can all this mean?" asked the people. 

In the course of .some months, Oswald had prepared a com- 
plete map of all the land in the parish, with every stile, house, 
and path. This was suspended in the parish vestry, and many 
went to wonder at it every day, until 0.swald assembled the 
principal land-proprietors to hear an explanation of his design. 

"Here," said he, "is a plan of all your laud.s, which our 
schoolmaster, assisted by some of the boys, lias made out for 
us. I will now explain my purpose. When I surveyed the 
fields which you have cultivated with hard labor, I could not 
but observe that .some of them yield less than they ought to do 
with good management; and, in many in.stances, a great part 
of the labor and expense of cultivation might be spared. T 
propose to render your plans more economical, by saving, in 
the first jilace, time. As you have bought your several parcels 
of land at various times, I find that they lie widely scattered, so 
that a man has to cross the pari.sh sometimes to go from one 
of his fields to another. Here is a great waste of time. One 
of you has a «mall piece of land on the hill-side, then another 
[latch on the other side of our rivulet. Thus a great part of the 
day is spent in walking to and fro; and thislo.ssof timcby every 
man employed on the land, and also by your cattle drawing 
manure, etc., mu-t, when summed up. apjiear a very .serious 



matter at the end of the year. Now, if all these scattered pieces 
of land could be gathered into one compact allotment, would 
not there be a great saving of time, la bor, and ezpen.se?" 

All assented ; but some suggested that it was not easy to 
cirryland about. Oswald went on to explain his plan. 

"My plan has its difficulties," said he; "but only be fair and 
obliging to each other, and as you can see now how much land 
belongs to each of you, I would suggest that you may, with 
mutual advantage, make exchanges of land, so as to have all 
your farms more compact. The advantage will surely bo great. 
Throw aside selfishness; do the thing that is just; take time 
for con,sideration, and I believe you will carry the plan into 
effect for the good of the parish." 

Some shook their heads, and said it was impossible; yet they 
began to study it at their homes. It became the most popular 
entertainment during the winter to discuss the proposed measure; 
and in the .spring several good arrangements were made. Then, 
when some of the small farmers found the profit of having their 
'aids together, others became anxious to share in the improve- 
m nt: the map was studied every evening, and the divisions 
of land were soon more conveniently disposed for cultivation. 
Perseverance in good plans carried on improvement in (lolden- 
thal, until it indeed deserved its name. It was a golden valley. 
The village lay in the midst of fruitful gardens, orchards, 
meadows, and golden corn fields. The foot-paths over the 
fields were kept smooth and clear from weeds, and the roads 
throughout the parish were ornamented with fruit trees. The 
village looked like a flourishing little town. Every hou.se had 
shining windows, a polished door, a roof of tiles, a little flower- 
garden, and a hive of bees. The peojile were well clothed, and 
their cheerful faoe-i told that they lived happily together. 
Mntiv In 1 bnv.vn, sun!. unit faces; but strength and health were 
smiling from their eyes. 'Ilie young men of the neighboring 
villages looked wistfully at the maidens of Goldcnthal, and even 
the sons of respectable farmers thought they diu well to obtain 
the hand ofone of these maidens, who supplied the want of 
money with genuine household virtues. 

(To he Continued. t 



N.VMKS ov Coi'NTRlK.s. — Europc signifies a country of white 
complexion; so named because the inhabitants there were of 
lighter complexion than those of either Asia or Africa. Africa 
signifies the land of corn, or cans. It was celebrated for its 
abundance of corn an<l all kinds of irrain. Spain, a country of 
rabbits, or conies. This country was once '■o infested with the^e 
animals that the inhabitants iietitioned .\ui;\istus for an army 
to destroy them. Italy, a country oC pitch, IViun its yielding 
great quantities of black i)itch. (!atil, modern France, signifies 
yellow haired ; as yellow hair characterised its fir.st inhabitants. 
Hibcrnia, as utmost, (u- last habitation; for beyotid this, west- 
ward, rhu'iiicians, we arc told, never extended their voyages. 
Britain, the country of tin, as there were great ((uantilics of 
lead and tin found on the adjacent island. The Greeks called 
it Albion, which signifies in the I'htenician tongue, either 
white or high mountains, fiom the whiteness of its shores, or 
the high rocks on the western coast. 



Idi.knkss. — Leisure witliout learning is death, and idleness 
the grave of a living man. It was a brave saying of Scipio, 
and every scholar can .say it— that he was never less alone than 
when idle. We pity those who -pcnd iheni.selyes. and mis- 
spend their time, in doing nothing, ui wursi' than nothing, who 
are always idle, or ill em|iloyed. 





96 



GrXJ^sTEISriLE liLTSTI^TJCTOI?. 




Allegro: 
JsT A ■I'SV 



Trkhle 



TkNOI! .t' 




H=fiE=E3= 



TJiP! crjA,35rs:ycEisr, tjip! 

(iLEE FOR FlUR \'olrKS. — Co.MPnSED BV C. F. BlRD. 

._.J i -^. - N 



1=^- 



-^i—s — *— 3— s-2— *— fi— *— 3— i — ^n-*^^-F-s^-»-^T^ — ^^H-s^s^ 



U|j! clansmen, up! through tlie shadowy, shadowj- 



lUdl u 



-^- — |B> W ^ — flE — 



\ " -■ 2— '-13— ui-ti<— i— tz-t2— ^ '^ ^—> =■ ! ^ 



■ not the -pear heads 

rF:[z-U=[=— 1^=3= 



through the .sliadowy, shadowy morn See vc not tliO speaiheadsglcam, seev ■ not the -pear heads 

-- .^^ " I > I h I > 

■2-- — IS \—^--a—m — i— • — *— I ^ — ' \-m--m — •-H — si— at — « — « — |-is»--i — hi- 

^^^^j— _-^-_J-*__^_C_J_^_|^^^_^--l^_„-^ , r— f^ -1-1 f^-i ^^— |_»p_i— 1^- 

1 „ — i_f f^_,^_t^_ 






-t2-CZ-tZ-t*-k2--5?- 









\ .gleam, see ye not thespearhe;ids e;!eam? Flark. hark, hark. hark up - on the wind i'; liorr"'. up on the whid is borne, The 

_ ■ ^ . — . , , , — ■ . 



!=je_ 









/:^.:^:3: 




;^ ^ ^ ' '^ * I ph'y ^ 

iiu,-ie of tlie \n\ - •/.■■ l.Mi -------- lluik uijon the wind is borne 






ilurk upon the wind is borne 



jiiu^ic of the bu^'le Imrn, the bugle liurn, 



-t 






I I. 



i^p* '-mm— ,.-,'7^t»-' — i*^^-p-6»»-| — ^' — i^-i — ^-^'~-^-\ — 3 «— c-«,i J 1 

>tu>ic of the buule h(nn. II irk upon the winil is borne i^Iusif■ of the bugle horn, Mi"<ic of the bugle horn. 

-• — ^ — *— F-i ; — AS>- 



I .Mu^ic ot the tjuule lunn. II irk upon tin 

(^75EEiEsE|E?^ESE&|E?^=EgE^E:E£tE?E^E?E^EEE^^EEE^E?E^^ 

\ ' y-] — «-*i,t--i* — ^ J ^ — J 3 r; — 1- 



TiiK answer to the Enigma juiblished in No. fi, is GeoroI': 
Ai.HEKT .Smith. We have received correi-t solutions from 
Chas. Lindholm Tooele; Alma Hardy. William Ellsworth, 
West Weber; Artiiur Stayncr, .Jr., Louise Stayuer, Farming- 
ton; Josei>h Colledge, Lohi; Fidgar.M. AUred, Lj'dia L. Allred> 
I,iiani:;i A. Booth. .St. Charles: iv H. Anderson. Iluntsville; 
Annie Jane W'ride. 1. >I. Coombs, I'ayson; William llobbie, 
Lydia K. A. Duke, D. R. Thoma-^. (ieorge Thomas. W. J. 
I>can, Charles Brain, ^lartha -I. Ilnllingworth. Kllen Iv 
Culnier, Sail Lake City. 



TKiE(!ltE.\TN'Ess. — There i> nothing magnanimous in bearing 
disippointmeiit with fortitude, when the whole world islookiug 
on. Men in such eircumstanccs act bravely from motives of 
vanity; but he who, in the vale nf ob.seurity, can brave ad- 
versity; who, without friends to encourage, acquaintances to jiity, 
even witbimt hope to alleviate liLs nii.sfortunes, can liehave with 



tranquility, is truly great, and whether peasant or courtier, 
deservesadmiration, and should be held up for imr imitation and 
respect. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territoiy, 

0.\ THE FIRST k FIPTEENTU OF EVERY .MONTH. 



GECHGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



T E P. :\I .S IN A D V A N C E 
Single Copy^ per Annum — — $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt J>ake County Ten 
Cents per year additional wdl be charged for Postage. 

j?^~Oflice, South Tom))Ie Street, one bluek west of Taberiiaelo, 
Salt Lake City, Ul'ili. 



• lAi-O-t. 




