^ 



9^ 



^^\\\m$ U \\i ^u\\ 



mj KB 




VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUEDAY, APKIL 13, 1872. 



NO. 8. 



THE TJlTCrTJST STE-W-^K.ID. 



THIS week our engraving is intended as an illustration from 
the Savior's parable of the Unjust Steward, contained in 
the sixteenth chapter of St. Luke's gospel. Jesus not unfre- 
quently used parables to instruct the people, while Ho traveled 
and preached among them. A parable is an allegory — that is, 
a representation under the guise of fiction or fable, of scenes 
and circumstances from real life ; and all the parables of Jesus 
were beautiful, and conveyed excellent moral lessons and useful 
precepts. It is so with the parable of the Unjust Steward. 



This steward, in defrauding his employer, showed that his 
integrity was not of the highest order ; but, although dishonest 
he possessed a good deal of worldly wisdom, for mark his next 
step. He expected to lose his position, on account of his dis- 
honesty, and if dismissed he would be disgraced and his chinces 
of obtaining honorable employment thereafter would have been 
slight, for no man, however rich, will knowingly enaploy a thief 
or knave. The position of a steward is a responsible one, and 
he who occupies it is generally well paid, but has very little 




This man had been trusted by his lord or employer, but his 
conduct allowed that human nature was the same in his day as 
in our.s, for he did not righteously use the confidence he 
possessed. Instead of faithfully discharging the duties of his 
office, and looking after his employer's interests as fur as it was 
his business to do so, as a good, honorable man would have done, 
he wasted the property entrusted to hi.s care ; and the result, as 
might have been expected, was that he was called to account 
for his mismanagement and the wrong he had committed. 



labor to perform ; and the Unjust Steward of the parable, see- 
ing himself threatened with dismissal, and fearing that poverty 
might follow disgrace, he, wliile a remnant of power was still 
left in hia hands, sought to use that so as to make himself 
friends, thinking, probably, the time might soon come when he 
should need them. This man, we are told, called together 
those persons who were in debt to his lord, and, acting under 
the authority his jiosition gave him, he forgave the several 
debtors a portion of what they owed: to one, half the amount, 



?^ 



58 



cr TJ ^ E i>r I L El i3srsa?i^TJOTOi^. 



(^ 



to another a fifth, and so on, and thus secured to himself their 
best feelings, and made it pretty sure that in case of need, he 
would firid them ready to assist him. The steward was 
evidently a close student of human nature, and well understood 
the mollifying power of money. 

In the parable, we learn, that the lord commended his 
.■steward fur the course he took wiLh his debtors; but we cannot 
suppose that he commended him for his dishonesty, for the 
seeming kindness shovrn by him lo those in debt to his 
employer wa.s dishonest; but the wisdom he manifested in mak- 
ing sure of friends, in case he shoid J need theui, was that which 
was approved. And the lesson taught by this parable is 
worthy of the attention of all. This world is a world of change. 
The circumstances of many to-day, may be very different to- 
morrow. He, who to-day is the possessor of wealth, and the 
power and honor it confers, may iu a short lime be as poor 
and uimotieed as the poorest of earth's toilers. The man of 
influence and wealth, can not foresee the changes Providence 
may have in store lt>r him ; and no individual, however great, 
powerful or wealthy he may be, can make sure that his power, 
influence and wealth wil: last as long as his life. But all 
persons possessing wealth and influence may, by a wise use of 
them, ensure to themselves friends should an evil day overtake 
them ; and having done this, whether or not adversity ever 
arrives, they wUl have learned the lesson inculcated by 
the Greatest of all Teachers — Jesus Christ, in his parable of 
the Unju.st Steward. 



IT 



c h: TJ K. G n. 

{Continued.) 



T h: El 



*9^ 



DUKLNG the month of October, 1S4.'), the few Saints who 
remained at Kirtland, Ohio, were subjected to considerable 
persecution. Their persecutors, who were mostly apostates 
from the Church, broke into the Temple there, and took pos- 
se.ssiou of it, and otherwise acted iu a very spiteful and 
unrea.sonablc fanner. The enemies of the Saints generally iu 
those days were in great part composod of persons who had 
formerly been members of the Church. Many of them 
had been quite active in doing good and had enjoyed the Spirit 
of God when living their religion and acting in accordance with 
the direction of the authorities of the Church, but through 
transgression had lost the faith, turned away from the cause, 
denied their former testimony and were now quite as active in 
trying to destroy the institutions of the Church as they had 
once been in building them up. 

On the night of the li Jrd oue of the men under command of 
.\l;iinr WarrtMi was .shot under the following circumstances: 
.Natiian Uigclow, who lived at Camp Creek, was ordered by a 
party of the mob to leave his house, as they were coming to 
burn it down. He sent his .son to Nauvoo for helj), from which 
place he went to Carthage and informed ^lajor Warren of the 
iacts. Major \\'arreu replied that he had no men to send, and 
that the young mari had better return to his father and tell him 
to defend his house as best he could, and call upon his ncigh- 
bi^rs to assist him. Soon after the son started on his return, 
however, Major Warren did dispatch live men to a.s.-ist liigelow 
in the ilefensc of his house. They arrived at the place about 
1 1 o'clock at night, in advance of the son, and immediately 
attempted to force an entrance at the door without knocking. 
Bigelow, .suppiisinj: the mob had come to attack him, asked 
repeatedly who were there and what was wanted, but received 
no reply from the men out.side. He then warned them that he 
wnuld .-hoot if ihi-y opened the door. The men still, seemingly 
regardles-s of tiie eonseiiucncc.i, continued to f'orcti at the door 
till they effected an entrance, when Bigelow discharged a pistol 



and musket at the leading man, Lieutenant Edwards, taking 
effect in his hip and breast. The men then, when too late, 
informed Bigelow that they were the Governor's troops and 
had come to assist him. Of course, sorrow was then expressed 
at the occurrence, and the wounded man was well cared for. 
Though Bigelow could scarcely be blamed for what he did, as 
ho acted with as much caution as the circumstances woidd 
warrant, he was arrested and taken to Carthage for trial. 

Before Judge Purple, whose court was being held at Car- 
thage, the Saints could not hope to obtain redress for their 
wrongs, as he utterly refused to hear any evidence in their 
favor. Governor Ford, General Hardin and other State officers, 
having promised that justice should bo administered in the 
case of those whose property had been destroyed, and who 
had otherwise suffered from the depredations of the mob, 
quite a number of the brethren left their families destitute 
and journeyed to Carthage to give in their testimony as wit- 
nesses against the house-burners. The grand jury refused to 
hear their testimony or to admit any of them into the jury 
room, thereby adding insult to injury, for notwithstanding the 
promises made, their claims for justice were wholly ignored. 
Thus the men who were guilty were shielded, while many of 
them were in the ranks of the State troops at Carthage, and 
others roaming at lage still threatening the lives of peaceable 
citizens and burning houses and other buildings wherever they 
had opportunity of doing so and escaping. 

In view of the threatening aspect of the mob, and the 
apparent indifference of the State officers to protect the Saints, 
a number of men from Nauvoo were stationed at certain dis- 
tances ajjarc between that place and Carthage, to express news 
of any hostile demonstrations on the part of the mob to Nauvoo. 
On the :25th Major Warren, Judge Purple, J. B. Backenstos 
and Judge Ealston, with a body of troops, arrived in Nauvoo, 
and Major Warren immediately demanded an explanation of 
the movements of the expressmen, several of whom he saw on 
the prairie while he was on his way to Nauvoo. President 
Young mildly informed him why they had been sent out, when 
Major Warren became enraged and declared that he would 
issue a manifesto and place the county under martial law. 
His language aroused the indignation of Elder John Taylor, 
who listened to him, and who had scarcely recovered from the 
.severe wounds he had received at the time when Joseph and 
Hyrum Smith were assassinated. He rejilicd to Major \Varren 
in a very forcible manner, telling him that the treachery of the 
State officers in the; past towards ihe Saints had caused them 
to be .suspicious of their pretended iirotectioii, and they had 
placed the cxjiressmen out there to communicate at mwa the 
news of any hostile movements, that the citizens might bo better 
able to defend themselves in ca.se of attack, as well as to help 
those of their brethren who were at Carthage being tried. In 
conclusion, he said; "We lack confidence in (he tiovernor's 
troops under your command, and while hundreds of murderers, 
robbers and hou.se-burners roam at large, unwhi|)ped of justice, 
wo .shall take measures to protect ourselves. 1, sir, have been 
.shot all to pieces under the protection of the Governor's troojis. 
Our leading men have been murdered in Carthage, and wo 
shall not trust ourselves unprotected again until the State gives 
.some evidence more than it has done, of its justice and humane 
intentions to enforce its laws." 

Jndgi! Purple begged of him not to talk on .such an exciting 
topic. Elder Taylor then changed the subjei-t by ordering 
wine fiir the company, of wliirli all p:irto()k except Major 
Warren. 

The ollierrs ;md troops ilid not tarry long in Nauvoo, ajid 
after they left, the council of authorities disijatched E. A. 
ISrdell, l'].<q. and Bi-lioj) George iMiller with a oommnnieation 
to his I'lxwilcney Tliomas Ford, Governor of the State, in 
which they informed him of the threat of Major Warren to 
declare martial law, and imi)lorod him lo dismiss the troojis 



^3^- 



I 




0" TJ "V E IsT I Xj E IltTSTI^TJOTOIS/. 



59 



•m 



^: 



under his cnmmand, as the Saints had more to fear from them 
than from the mob at large, although the latter still contiuued 
their depredations. 



[For ibe Juvenile Ins'ruclor, 

^%(ttihh^ ul Common. i5|itti^s« 



H:3rx)i?.oo^K.Boisr.-3sro- 2.- 



WHEN a hydrocarbon is burned in a suitable ajiparatus the 
quantity of hydrogen and carbon can be separately estim- 
ated ; for the hydrogen combines with oxygen to form water, 
which can be weighed or measured, and the carbon combines 
with oxygen to form carbonic acid, and its quantity can be 
determined. If an oxy-hydro-earbon is burned the quantity of 
oxygen is readily ascertained, as that element only combines 
with any other element in definite proportions. Dr. Taylor the 
distinguished chemist, determined the proportions of the 
elements of alcohol, burned in vapor in the combustion tube, to 
be 2 atoms carbon to 3 atoms of hydrogen with 1 of oxygen. 

We may remember that hydrogen and carbon are mmbiistibh 
elements, that is, they can be burned ; one of the ofEces, or 
functions, of the stomach is to lay up a proportion of carbou to 
be burned in the blood. This carbon is obtained from our 
ordinary food, when we eat candy or sugar we t;ike carbon 
into the stomach ; sugar is carbon and water, as we may see by 
looking at the proportions of hydrogen and oxygen that enter 
into its composition. If we would satisfy ourselves of these 
facts we may char some sugar, after the water is dissipated car- 
bon (charcoal) remains. Or, we may make a syrup of white 
sugar, using only sufficient water to dissolve it, to this add a 
few drops of sulphuric acid, immediately the water of the 
sugar is abstracted, so great is the affinity of that acid for water 
and a charred mass remains which is carbon. 

Not only in sugar is carbon taken into the stomach, but bread, 
cracked wheat, corn-meal, potatoes and many other articles of lood 
contain that element in a form that is readily changed into sugar 
by the juices of the mouth. The sweet tiste of bread arises 
from this cause, the starch is changed in mastication. To effect 
this a natural provision is made, certain glands of the mouth 
pouring forth a secretion that mixes with the food. This secre- 
cion (saliva) has a two-fold use, it prepares the food for passing 
through the esophagus into the stomach by softening it, and 
it chemically changes insoluble starch into soluble sugar. 
What wisdom is seen in this arrangement, digestion would be 
imperfect without it; it also shows that carbon is necessary for 
our support. 

Fat, oil, butter; not only animal fat and oil, but similar 
proximate principles abounding in vegetable matter used as 
food, also contain carbon. When food is taken of this kind the 
juices of the mouth do not effect the chemical change necessary 
U) make the carbon .soluble, but on entering the stomach a 
secretion containing an alkaline element changes the fatty mat- 
ter into a milky looking fluid that is digestible, that is, suhible^ 
in ihe fluids of the stomach. Every jirecaution seems to have 
been taken to secure man in the possession of means to appro- 
priate the carbon of food for the wants of the system I 

Carbon is a necessity to preserve life, it is the heat generating, 
life sustaining element; chemically, a certain quantity of carbon 
does a ddinite quantity of work in a steam engine, so it does in 
the humaft machine. It is fuel ; fuel in the steam engine com- 
bines with oxygen, so does fuel in the blood. The supply of 
oxygen tfj the engine is the draught of air drawn into the 



furnace, the supply of oxygen to the body is the draught drawn 
into the lungs. The carbonic acid generated by combustion in 
the engine passes off with the smoke, that generated in the 
blood passes off (in respiration) with the breath. The heat is 
converted into motion iu the steam engine, so it is in the 
human machine. The supply of fuel to the engine is regulated 
by its requirements, that is to say the amount of icork to he 
done; in general we may say the same of the human machine, 
with greater exertion there is greater appetite, because greater 
exhaustion of the vital forces. 

But it is worthy of notice that the more carbon we take into 
the stomach the more work to be done by the lungs to consume 
it and to remove the products of combustion, for, it mmt be 
removed ; carbon detained in the blood is dcath^ in the form of 
carbonic acid 1 Hence the importance of not taking an caxess of 
carbon into the stomach. There is no great danger of doing 
this, however, in our food, our instincts cause us to feel satisfied 
when we have had enough, and to insensibly select irroj^er food 
if our digestion is not vitiated by excesses. 

For this reason the dangers of eating are not so great as 
those of drinking to excess, especially if the liquors contain 
stimulants. We all like the feeling of strength, gladness, elas- 
ticity, — vitality ; stimulating fluids, more readily than ordinary 
solids, seem to impart these powers, but they only arouse the 
natural energies in a manner that is agreeable to the feelings. 
That which we do by the whip and spur to the jaded mule we 
do to the jaded man by stimulants, but neither of those appli- 
cations make flesh and blood to build up the wasted tissues and 
impart real strength 1 

But of all stimulants those which owe their energies as 
restoratives to alcohol are the most delusive and dangerous, and 
this for many reasons : they are nice, they are readily obtained, 
they act promptly upon the system, they cause the blood to flow 
more rapidly and thus create agreeable feelings, although they 
do this at the expense of the system, by using up the vital 
forces before they should be used, if the body is in health. 
Then, again, there is a host of fascinations thrown around 
alcoholic drinks ; they are frcquentl.v sold in charming looking 
places, where men are surrounded by merry associates, they 
themselves become merry, forgetful of cares for a time. The 
drinks are put up in various enticing forms to captivate the eye 
and dehght the taste; labelled as "cordials," "medicated 
bitters" and "tonic beverages" possessed of extraordinary heal- 
ing virtues, they are used by the unsuspecting who soon become 
habituated to their use. Every delicious flavor and "bouquet" 
(perfume) is imparted to the noxious drinks to disguise the 
alcoholic constituents that, like a demon, lurks within them, a 
spirit that, when it once finds its way into the system becomes, 
if persistently used, a necessity to the victim of a depraved taste. 
What is this spirit in its action? We shall see. Of one 
truth we maybe satisfied; our bodies are so constituted that 
if we set at defiance the natural laws we ourselves pay the 
l)enalty 1 Betu. 

Jot is a great beautifier; it sparkles in the eye; it curls the 
lips with bewitching smiles; it makes the step light and buoy- 
ant, and the heart to throb exultantly. But sorrow, its twin 
sister, although seldom welcome, seldom api)reciated at its com- 
ing, does more. Like the refiner's fire, it purifies and exalts 
the spirit, and although the waves may seem to overwhelm it 
lor the time, it rises above them and rests in the perfect calm, 
" the peace which passeth all understanding," 

The blossom, when crushed, yields its sweetest fragrance ; 
the swan breathes its most tliriUing melody in its death soug. 
No character, however lovely, is perfected until it has passed 
through the ordeal of suffering. It spiritualizes the whole 
inner life ; it detaches the soul from earthly things, to which it 
has perchance, clung heretofore, and brhigs it nearer to the 
tilings invisible. 



*^2 



i^SNi- 



^^d 



"p- 



)^ 



^ 



'^^^^ 



♦O)^ so 



J"TJ^EIsriIL.E IlsrSTiS/TJOTOie;. 



®|$ Saft$tiil$ Ittsfraclop* 



(^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUEDAY, APKIL 13, 1872. 



EIDITOI^I^^I-i TSZOTJGIiTS. 




LL our readers know that, in the reHgious 
"^ ■world of Christendom, there is a variety 
of sects, with a variety of notions of the 
■way to salvation. Two of the most widely 
known amongst these religious parties are 
the Konian Catholic, and the Episcopa- 
lian, or as the latter is more commonly 
called the Church of England. An account 
of the peculiar religious views of these two 
churches would not be very interesting to 
our readers, nor furnish them with any valuable 
information ; so we shall not trouble them with 
it. The Catholics, however, we may here say, 
are great beUevers in honoring many persons, 
who, in the early days of Christianity, were noted 
for their piety. To distinguish such persons from 
the mass of their co-religionists the Catholic church 
has been accustomed for centuries to call them Saints; 
and they dedicate certain days to their honor. Most 
of you have heard, for instance, of St. I'atrick's day, 
some of you, probably, of St. Thomas's day, St. 
David's day, St. Peter's, St. Valentine's, and others. Besides 
having days dedicated to these pious personages, the members of 
that church have other days, which they observe with great 
ceremony, in commemoration of notable events which are 
believed to have taken place in early Christian history. Among 
these are Palm Sunday, Good Friday, Easter Sunday, Shrove 
Tuesday, Whit Sunday, Christmas Day, etc. "Lent" is also a 
noted festival of the Catholic church. It lasts six weeks, and 
during the whole of that time, it is said that the members of 
the Eoman church, who are in good standing, "fast" from the 
use of meat, and use, principally, in its stead, fish and eggs. 

The men who established what is now called the Episcopal, 
or the Established Church of England, were among the first 
apostates from the Catholic church ; and having been reared in 
its principles and practices and, having nothing to guide them 
but their own wisdom, it was but natural to expect that ,they 
would introduce many of the notions and practices of the Catho- 
lics into their new church. This was the case, and to-day many 
of the holy or "Saints" days and festivals established in early 
days in the Catholic church are observed by the Episcopalians. 
To some who read the Juvenile Instructor, who 
were born and raised in Europe, the names of "Easter," 
"Christmas," "Good Friday" and so on, will sound very 
familiar; but it is otherwise with most of you, fur you were 
born and raised in Utah, and such days are not observed heie 
and are thought no more of than any others. But within the 
last year or two, as you are aware, several sects from among 
the Christain world have founded churches in Salt Lake City. 
It is customary with some of these people, in old settled 
countries, to have bells in their churches, which are rung 
whenever religious services arc held, to call the faithful to 
meeting. One of the churches in this city has got a nice bell 
which is used, we believe, whenever meeting is held within the 
building. For some weeks past this bell has been sounded occa- 
sionally during the week, probably because of the extra religious 
sen-ices during "Lent," which terminated a few days since. 



9^ 



We shall now give our young readers a very short sketch of 
some of these holy days or seasons, observed by the religious 
sects we have named, and will begin with Easter Sunday. The 
term "Easter" is from the Saxon word osfer^ meaning "rising," 
and Easter Sunday is observed in honor of the day the Savior 
rose from the dead. "Good Friday," is to commemorate 
the day on which Christ was crucified. "Palm Sunday" is so 
called in honor of the reception Jesus had when the people 
spread branches of palm in his path, and greeted Him with 
every demonstration of honor and pleasure upon entering the 
city of Jerusalem. " Christmas Day" is kept in honor of the 
birth of the Redeemer, the tradition in all Christian countries 
being that He was bom on the 25th of December. The season 
called "Lent" continues forty days before, and terminates with, 
Easter Sunday, and is supposed to be observed in commemora- 
tion of the forty days spent by the Savior in fasting in the 
wilderness. "Ash Wednesday" is another day observed, and 
is the first day of " Lent." "Shi-ovo Tuesday" is the day pre- 
ceding "Ash Wednesday," and used to be observed as a day 
of merriment and feasting, in anticipation probably of the forty 
daj's "fast," or spare hving to follow it. "Ascension Day" or 
''Holy Thursday" which always occurs the fortieth day 
after Easter Sunday, is a festival held in honor of Christ's 
ascension into heaven. "Whit Sunday" is observed by the 
religious jjcople in honor of the descent of the Holy Ghost on 
the disciples on the Day of Pentecost, as related in the second 
chapter of the Acts of the Apostles. Another of their 
festivals is "All Saints Day," which is dedicated to the honor of 
all Saints who have not a day specially dedicated to them. 

A number of other days equally as sacred to those who 
observe them might be mentioned ; but it is not worth while. 
Enough has been said to inform the minds of our readers as to 
the origin of these several periods set apart by the authorities 
of the Catholic church, in times long gone by, and still observed, 
to some extent, by the members of that and the English church. 
It may be remarked, however, that the observance of these 
days, except among the few reaJly devout and sincere, amounts 
to little so far as purity and holiness are concerned. The way 
the great festivals of Christmas, Easter and Whitsuntide are 
honored by the masses of those who pay any attention to them 
at all, is to eat more than they need of the best things they can 
procure, and to swallow all they can of intoxicating drinks ; so 
that from being, originally, religious festivals they are now 
welcomed chiefly as days on which gluttony and drunkenness 
may be indulged in. 



Had Language. — We especially commend the following 
extract to the thoughtful study of the young. Nothing is so 
disgusting and repugnant to the feelings of the noble and good 
as to hear the young, or even the old, use low language : " We 
would guard the young against the use of every word that is 
not strictly proper. Use no profane expression — allude to no 
sentence that will put to the blush the most sen.^itive. You know 
not the tendency of habitually using indecent and profane lan- 
guage. It may never be obhterated from your heart. When you 
grow up you will find at your tongue's end some expressions 
which you would not use for any money. It was one used when 
you were quite young. By being careful, you will save your- 
self a great deal of mortification and sorrow. Good men 
have been taken ill and become delirious. In these momc'Jts 
they have used the most vile aud improper language imagina- 
ble. When informed of it, after restoration to health, they 
had no idea of the pain they had given their friends, and 
stated that they had learned and repeated the expressions in 
childhood, and though years had passed since they had sjioken 
a bad word, they had been indelibly stamped uiwn t!ie heart. 
Think of this, you who are tempted to use improper language, 
and never disgrace yourselves." 






iJTJ'VEILTinijE] IHiTSTIE^/TJOTOI?/, 



61 



U 



COTTOiT. 



A GOOD deal might be written about the growth and manu- 
facture of cotton ; but an article giving anything like a full 
history of it would be too long for the majority of our readers, to 
feel interested in. Next to the plants used for food, the cotton 
plq,nt is probably the most important and valuable of all plants 
known. Among all the wants of the human race the two most 
urgent are food and clothing ; and from the cotton plant most 
of the clothing worn by men and women in every country in the 
world is obtained. For this reason you will readily see that 
cotton is one of the most valuable articles known to commerce, 
and every country carries on a large trade, either in the 
various forms of the manufactured article, or in the purchase 
and manufacture of the raw material, that is, in the cotton just 
as it is picked from the pods. 

The greatest cotton-growing country in the world is the 
United States; the greatest cotton-manufacturiug country in 
the world is England. At one time America supplied most of 
the manufacturing countries of Europe with their supply of the 
raw material ; but when the Southern rebellion broke out, the 
cultivation of the cotton plant— the great business of the South 
—was interrupted to such an extent that the cotton-manufactur- 
ing countries of Europe had to look to other quarters for their 
supply of raw 

cotton. In con- /^ 

sequence of this, 
cotton-gr owing 
received a good 
deal more atten- 
tion than former- 
ly in the East 
Indies, and a con- 
siderable amount 
of the unmanu- 
factured article is 
now sent from 
that distant coun- 
try to the Eng- 
lish market. 

American cot- 
ton, however, 
fetches a higher 
price than any 
other in all the 
markets of the world, owing to its very superior quality. 

The systematic cultivation of cotton in this country is by no 
means an old industry ; but its success has been remarkable, 
and was due, mainly to the climate and soil of the regions in 
which it was carried on, and to the existence of negro slavery, 
the negro race being far better able than the white to endure 
the heat and fatigue which have to b6 borne in the culture 
of the cotton fields. Since the abolition of slavery the produc- 
tion of cotton in the South has not been near so great as before 
the war ; but as that part of the Union is better adapted for 
this branch of industry than for any other, and probably, than 
any other, it is very likely, in course of time, that it will revive 
and be carried on as extensively as ever. 

There are several varieties of the cotton plant, the most 
important of which are called the herbaceous shrub and tree 
cotton. The first named of these is considered the most valua- 
ble of the three. The plants of these species grow from one 
foot and a half to two feet high, and in appearance are not 
unlike a currant bush. They have dark green leaves and pale 
yellow flowers. A triangular-shaped pod succeeds the flower, 
each pod having three cells, each of these cells containing a 
lock of wliite down, mixed with which are the seeds. When 
the plant is ripe the pod bursts, and the down covers the out- 



side of the shell. The bushes have then a somewhat singular 
appearance, looking as if covered with a fleece of fine white wool. 

The engraving represents the stripping or "picking" of this 
fleece from the bushes, and packing into a hamper, or basket, 
ready for baling, when it is sent to market. 

The work of separating the seeds from this wooly material 
used to be a very tedious process, having to be done entirely by 
hand. A pound in a day was as much as could be done then by 
one person; but for about eighty years now, a machine has been 
in use, by which two or three hundred pounds can be done as 
quickly as one could be done by hand. 

The cotton crop is sometimes seriously injured by drowth, 
as well as by excess of rain, and it has also many enemies 
among the insect world ; but notwithstanding these drawbacks 
the business of growing and manufacturing cotton, if properly 
conducted, is very profitable, and many men in England as well 
as in this country have made large fortunes by its successful 
prosecution. 



THE 



aOTTIsr.TK.Y OIP 



THIE 



r 



HE Siberian dog- 
part 







WOfyP^-'^'-' 



an animal which plays almost as important 
the lives of the inhabitants of the Kamtschadal 

peninsula as the 
wonderful rein- 
deer — is nothing 
more than a half 
domesticated 
Arctic wolf, and 
retains all his 
wolfish instincts 
and peculiarities. 
He will sleep out 
of doors at a tem- 
perature of seven- 
ty degrees below 
zero ; draw heavy 
loads until his 
feet crack open, 
and print the 
snow with his 
blood; and starve 
until he eats up 
his harness — but 
his strength and his spirits seem alike unoou'iuerable. In general 
these invaluable creatures are fed during their journeys once a 
day; their allowance being one dried fish, weighing perhaps two 
pounds. This is given to them at night, so that they begin ano- 
ther day's work with empty stomachs. Two hundred of those 
dogs, eighteen men, sixteen sledges, and forty days' provisions, 
formed the material of the expedition to the land of the wan- 
dering Koraks, commenced by Mr. Kannan and Major Abasa, 
on a day in November, and whose first danger was the descent 
from the summit of the Samanka mountains to the dreary 
expanse of snow, two thousand feet below. The long northern 
twilight faded into the steady blue of an Arctic night; the moon 
rose, and threw the shaggy outlines of the great peaks into 
strong relief. In the ravines below, the dense thickets were 
full of the gloomy indistinctness of night. Into that gloom 
and indistinctness the traveler must plunge ; so they rouse up 
their dogs and are off into the mouth of a ravine which leads to 
the steppe. 

Could the wild legend of the Phantom Huntsman produce a 
wilder picture than this one from Kannan's "Adventures among 
the Koraks!" "The deceptive shadows of night, and the masses 
of rock which choked uj) the narrow defile made the descent 
extremely dangerous; and it required all the skill of our practiced 



^f^^X 



'^, 



6S 



JTJ^EIDTIIliEl I2srSTI?.TJOTOI2.. 



drivers to avoid accident. Clouds of snow flew from the spiked 
poles with which they vainly tried to arrest our onward rush; cries 
and waruing shouts from those iu advaacOj multiplied by the 
mountain echoes, excited our dogs to still greater speed, until 
we seemed, as the rocks and trees flew past, to be in the jaws 
of a falling avalanche, which was hurrying us with breathless 
rapidity down the dark canon to certain ruiu. Gradually, 
however, our speed slackened, and we came out into the moon- 
light on the hard, wind-packed snow of the open steppe. The 
disturbed, torn-up condition of the snow usuall.v apprises the 
traveler of his approach to the haunts of the Koraks, as the 
reindeer belonging to the band range all over the country within 
a radius of several miles, and paw up the snow in search of the 
moss which constitutes their food. Failing to find auy such indi- 
cations, we were discussing the probability of having been mis- 
directed, when suddenly our leading dogs pricked up their 
sharp ears, snuffed eagerly at the wind, and with short, exciting 
yelps, made off at a gallop towards a low hill which lay almost 
at right angles with our previous course. The drivers endeav- 
ored in vain to check the speed of the dogs; their wolfish 
instincts were aroused, and all discipline was forgotten as the 
fresh seent came down upon the wind from the herd of reindeer 
beyond. A moment brought us to the brow of the hill, and 
before us, in the clear moonlight, stood the conical tents of the 
Koraks, surrounded by at least four thousand reindeer, whose 
branching antlers looked like a perfect forest of dry limbs. 
The dogs -ill gave voice simultaneously, like a pack of fox 
hounds hi view of the game, and dash id tumultuously down the 
hill, regardless of the shouts of their masters, and the menacing 
cries of three or four dark forms, which rose suddenly up from 
the snow between them and the frightened deer. The vast 
body of deer wavered for a moment, and then broke into a wild 
stampede, with drivers, Korak sentinels, and two hundred 
dogs in full pursuit." What a sight that must have been, when 
the dark, silent tents suddenly swarmed with life, and tall, dark 
forms ji lined in the chase, shouting and hurling lassoes of wal- 
rus hide at the dogs; wheu thousands of antlers dashed together 
in the confusion of flight ; when countless hurried hoofs beat the 
hard snow, and the hoarse, deep bark of the deer added them- 
selves to the frantic baying of the dogs 1 When the deer and 
the dogs had been reduced to submission — "when the tumult 
dwindled to a calm" — the American travelers turned to the con- 
templation of the men before them, specimens of one of the 
strangest tribes numlicred among the wild peoples of the earth 
— dwellers in the awful Sibcriau wastes, but yet a kindly. Iwn- 
est race — the wandering Koraks. 

The conditions of their existence arc terribly hard, but they 
are not stunted or puny, like the Esquimaux, but athletic, able- 
bodied men, of the average height of Europeans, with coal 
lilack hair, bold, alert eyes, and high cheek bones. Their costumes 
and equipments nmst have looked very picturesque in the moon- 
ligiit in tiiat far-off Cijriier of the world. "Ueavy hunting shirts 
of spotted deerskin, confined about the waist with a belt, and 
fringed round the bottom with the long, black hair of the 
wolverine, covered their budies from the neck to the knee, orna- 
mented here and there with strings of small colored beads 
tassels of scarlet leather, and bits of polished metal. Fur 
pantaloons; long boots of sealskin, coming up to the thigh; the 
wolfskin hoods, with ears of the animal standing erect on each 
side of the head, completed the costume. Each man was armed 
with a long, bright spear." The conical tents which form the 
camps of the Koraks are very ingeniously constructed. They 
are formed of a framework of pi;les, covered with loose reindeer 
8kin.s, confined in their places by lung tliongs of seal or walrus 
hide, strctchei tightly over them from the apex of the cone to 
the ground; the severest gales cannot tear these coverings from 
their fastenings. The first camp seen by the travelers consisted 
of four of these tents, around which, neatly constructed sledges 
were scattered here and there iijiDn the snow two or three 



' hundred pack-saddles for the reindeer were pUed up in a sym- 
metrical wall near the largest tent. 

(.To be Continued.) 



THOnVCJLS -A.BEGKIEiT. 



IN the last number you had a sketch of the downfall of the 
Saxon, and the commencement of the Norman, rule in Eng- 
land. In this number we shall present you with a short account 
of Thomas ABeeket, a remarkable character who lived and 
died during the reign of Henry the Second, the fifth king of 
the Norman line, who reigued in England. A very romantic 
story is told in early English history about the parents of this 
man. His father's name was Gilbert ABeeket. He was a 
Loudon mofehant, and used to trade with the East. At that 
time, as it is to-day, Palestine, or the Holy Land was in 
possession of the followers of Mohammed, called in those days 
the Saracens; and some years before the birth of the subject of 
our sketch, the Christian mind of Europe had been greatly 
moved by the preaching of certain religious fanatics at the idea 
of the tomb of Christ being iu possession of the infidels, as the 
Mohammedans wore called ; and this preacliing and excitement 
resulted in the raising, by European kings, of large armies, which 
went to Palestine and engaged in what are called in history the 
"Wars of the Crusades." 

During this excitement Mr. Gilbert ABeeket went to the 
East, and was taken prisoner by the Saracens, and became a 
slave to one of them. Gilbert, it seems, was a personage fair 
to look upon, and his master's daughter fell in love with him, 
and in a short time helped him to escape from captivity. Upon 
regaining his freedom our hero made his way back to London ; 
and a short time after, so the story goes, the people of that 
city, then not near so large as it is now, were surprised to see 
a young, dark-complexioned lady walking through the streets 
day after day, and calling "Gilbert." That was the only word 
she said that they could understand, and the singularity of the 
circumstance soon made it the talk of the town. It finally 
reached the ears of our former Saracen captive, Mr. Gilbert 
A Becket, who went in search of the lady, and found that it 
was she to whom he owed his deliverance from captivity and 
who, for love of him, had left her home in the far-off East, 
made her way to London, and had adopted this singular method 
— the only one in her power — to find her sweetheart. The end 
of this strange adventure was that she and Gilbert were 
married, and they were the father and mot-Iier of Thomas 
A Becket. 

In early life young Thomas was considered a very smart 
child, and as he grew up he became noted for his wit, gener- 
osity and ability. King Henry the Second took a great liking 
to the youtig man, and very soon they became as familiar and 
friendly as brothers, and the king took pleasure in bestowing 
honor and office upon him, and in course of time he became 
chancellor of the realm. 

At that time the Po])e of Rome had great influence in nearly 
every country of Europe, and a threat of excommunication from 
him made kings and potentates tremble. The Catholic clergy 
enjoyed many privileges which were denied to laymen. For 
instance, if priests were guilty of theft, murder etc., they claimed 
exemption simply because they were religious ministers. This 
toleration, in time, led to great abuses by the priests, and to 
complaints on the part of the laymen — those not ordained as 
ministers, and they, of course, comprised nearly the whole peo- 
jile. King Henry was anxious to curb the power of the 
priests, and, as the see of Canterbury — the highest jJriestly 
dignity and office in Great Britain, became vacant, ho had his 
friend Becket ordained a clergyman and appointed him Arch- 
bishop of Canterbury, one of the greatest gifls and marks of 
friondshiji he had it in his power to bestow. Whoever held 



jy 



i?3^- 



JTJ'V'EniTILE in^STI^/TJOTOK/. 



63 



this position then, and it is stOl the same, had great iofluence 
over the clergy in all the land, and King Henry, in appointing 
Beoket to it, thought to secure powerful aid in curbing the 
unwarrantable claims of the priests, and in promoting the 
administration of impartial justice among all classes of his sub- 
jects. But in this, as the sequel proved, he was very much 
deceived ; for no sooner had his late friend and companion 
taken possession of the Archbishopric than he became one of 
the most enthusiastic and zealous churchmen in the land, and 
did all in his power to secure for the priests every privilege 
which they had ever claimed, and resisted all attempts made by 
the king to abridge them. This led to a speedy rupture 
between them, and they soon became as bitter enemies as 
they had formerly been friends. 

You may ask why King Henry did not remove him from his 
office? To this the reply is that the appointment of Becket, 
made, it is true, by the king, had been ratified by the pope, and 
the power of the Romish church was so great in those days that 
its edicts could not be set aside by any civil power ; and how- 
ever anxious King Henry might be to remove Becket, the pope 
would not allow it, for the archbishop was a staunch supporter 
of his power and authority. 

A crime committed by a certain priest brought matters to a 
chmas between the king and the archbishop. This priest mur- 
dered a gentleman and ran away with his daughter. An 
attempt was made to have the culprit tried by the criminal law, 
but Becket took him under his protection, and shielded him 
from the punishment he so richly merited. This enraged the 
king, and he used various means to bring the clergy into sub- 
jection to the laws, but save with a few of the bishops, his efforts 
were vain ; and finally, Becket, to escape the violence of his 
royal master, fled from the country, went to France and 
appealed to its king, and to the pope, then living in that 
country. 

The pope threatened to excommimicate England and its king, 
but a considerable sum of money paid by Henry mollified his 
holiness, and prevented the execution of the threat. Becket, 
however, kept the pope in his favor, and ac length the English 
king went over to France and, after several years' negotiation, 
he effected a reconciliation between himself and his former 
friend. Becket returned to England, and had no sooner resumed 
his functions as archbishop than he threatened to excommuni- 
cate the bishops who had formerly opposed him, and the 
king's courtiers. Henry, who was then king of Normandy and 
other parts of what now constitute the kingdom of France, was 
visiting his French possessions, and when he heard of Becket' s 
proceedings he was too far away to check and punish his 
haughty suljject, but being very angry, he exclaimed, in the 
presence of several of his attendants, "Is there none of my 
friends who will free me from the presence of this turbulent 
priest?" This hasty exclamation was Becket' s death knell, for 
it was interpreted by four knights who heard it, into a wish 
for the death of the prelate. They started for England, pro- 
ceeded to Canterbury, found Becket unattended and defense- 
less within the famous cathedral, and they murdered him. 

This rid King Henry of the archbishop, but the church, 
backed by public sentiment everywhere, denounced the assas- 
sination, and King Henry, barefooted and clothed in sackcloth, 
had to do penance at the grave of the murdered priest. Hav- 
ing been killed because he strongly defended the rights of the 
church, Becket was raised to the dignity of a Saint, and he is 
known to-day, in the calender of the Romish church as St. 
Thomas A Becket. The result of the assa.ssiuation was very 
different from what was anticipated; for instead of England 
being released from the thraldom of Rome, the power of that 
church became greater than ever; and that which King Henry 
sought, but in vain, to do for his country in the iL'th century, 
was not .►. coniplished until about four centuries later by Henry 
the p]ighth and the Great Reformation. 






A TRUE INCIDENT. 



Then 
women. 



IN the principality of Hohenlohe, now a part of the kingdom 
of Wirtemberg, is a village called Ragenbach, where, about 
thirty years ago, the following heroic event took place; 

Oue afternoon in the early autumn, in the tavern 'room of 
Ragenbach, several men and women having assembled from 
the village, sat at their ease. The blacksmith formed one of 
the merry company, a strong, vigorous man, with a resolute 
countenance and daring mien, but also with such a good- 
natured smile on his lips, that every one who saw him admired 
him. His arms were like bars of iron, and his fists like forge 
hammers, so that few could equal him in strength of body. 

The smith sat near the door chatting with one of his neighbors, 
when, all at once the door sprang open, and a large dog came 
staggering into the room, a great, powerful boast, with a feroci- 
ous, frightful aspect ; his head was hanging down and his eyes 
bloodshot, his lead colored tongue hanging half way out of his 
open mouth, and his tail dropped between his legs. Thus the 
ferocious beast entered the room, out of which there was no 
escape but by one door. Scarcely had the smith's neighbor, 
who was bath-keeper of the jjlace, seen the animal, when he 
became deathly pale, sprang up and exclaimed, with a horrified 
voice — 

"Good heavens 1 the dog is mad !" 

arose an outcry 1 The room was full of men and 
and the foaming beast stood before the only entrance ; 
no one could leave without passing him. He snapped savagely 
right and left ; no one could pass him without being bitten. 
This increased the horrible confusion. All sprang up and 
shrank from the dog with agonized countenances. Who 
should deliver them from him? The smith also stood up among 
them, and as he saw the anguish of the people, it flashed across 
his mind how many of his happy and contented neighbors 
would be made miserable by a mad dog, and he formed a resolu- 
tion, the like of which is scarcely to be found in the history of 
the human race for high-mindedness and nobleness. Certainly 
his brown cheek paled a little, but his eyes sparkled, and an 
elevated resolution shone from the smooth brow of the simple- 
minded man. 

"Back all 1" thundered he with his deep, strong voice. "Lot 
no one stir, for no one can vanquish the beast but II One 
victim must fall in order to save all, and I will be that victim ; 
I will hold the brute, and whilst I do so, make your escape." 

The smith had scarcely spoken these words, when the dog 
started towards the shrieking people. But he went not far. 
"With God's help!" cried the smith, and he rushed upon the 
foaming beast, seized him with an iron grasp, and dashed him to 
the floor. A terrible struggle followed 1 The dog bit furiously 
upon every side in a frightul manner. His long teeth tore the 
arms and thighs of the heroic smith, but he would not let him 
loose. 

Regardless alike of the excessive pain and the horrible de'ith 
which must ensue, he held down with an iron grasp the snap- 
ping, biting, howling brute till all had escaped ! — till all, all 
were rescued and in safety. He then flung the half strangled 
beast from him against the wall, and dripping with blood and 
venomous foam, he left the room, locking the door after him. 
Some persons then shot the dng through the windows. 

Weeping and lamenting, the people surrounded him wlio had 
saved their lives at the expense of his own. "Be quiet, my 
friends, do not weep for me," said he, "one must. lie in order 
to save the others. Po not thank me, for I have only performed 
my duty. When I am dead think of me with love, and now 
pray for mc that God will not let nie suffer long or too nnich. 
I will take care that no further mischief .shall occur through me. 



•*- 



\ 



-^ 



fk^"^. 



f-^--. 



64 



CTTJ^EltTIILiE IISTSTI^/TJOTOIS/ 



for I must certainly become mad." He went straight to Ms 
workshop, and selected a strong chain, the heaviest and firmest 
from his whole stock. He then, with his own hands, riveted it 
about his limbs and around his anvil, so firmly that it would be 
impossible for him to break it. "There," said he, it is done," 
after having solemnly completed his work. ''Now you are 
.''ecured and I am inofi:eusive. So long as I live bring me my 
food. The rest I leave to God, into his hands I commend 
m.vself." Nothing could save the brave smith, neither tears, 
lamentations nor prayers. JIadness seized him, and after nine 
days he died. He died, but his memory will live from genera- 
tion to generation, and will always bo venerated. Search 
history through, and you will find no action more generous and 
sublime than this deed of this simple-minded man, the smith 
of Ragenbach. Selected. 



The Eve of an E.vgle. — The eyes of all birds have a pecu- 
liarity of structure which enables them to see near or disLint 
objects equally well, and this wonderful power is carried to the 
greatest perfection in the bird of prey. When we recollect that 
an eagle will ascend more than a mile in perpendicular height, 
and from that enormous elevation will perceive its unsuspecting 
prey, and pounce on it with unerring certainty ; and when we 
see the same birds scrutinizing, with almost microscopic nicety, 
an object close at hand, we shall at once perceive that he pos- 
sesses a power of accommodating his sight to distance in a man- 
ner to which our eye is unfitted, and of which it is totally inca- 
pable. 

If we take a printed page we shall find that there is some 
particular distance, probably ten inches, at which we can road 
the words and see each letter with perfect distinctness ; but if 
we move this page to a distance of forty inches, or bring it 
within a distance of five inches, we shall find it impossible to 
read it at all ; a scientific man would, therefore, call ten inches 
the focus or focal distance of our eyes. We cannot alter this 
focus except by the aid of spectacles. 

But an eagle has the power of altering the focus of his eye 
just as he pleases; he has only to look at an object at the dis- 
tance of two feet or two miles in order to see it with perfect dis- 
tinctness. Of course, the eagle knows nothing of the wonderful 
contrivance which the Creator has supplied for his accommoda- 
tion ; he employs it instinctively and because he cannot help it. 
The ball of his eye is surrounded by fifteen little plat«s, called 
.sclerotic bones ; they form a complete ring, and their edge.'! 
slightly overlap each other. When ho looks at a distant object, 
this little circle of bones expands, and the ball of the eye being 
relieved from the pressure, liecomes flatter; and when he looks 
at a very near object, the little bones press together, and the 
ball of the eye is thus sriueezod into a rounder or more convex 
form. The effect is very familiar to everybody ; a jierson with 
very round eyes is near-sighted, and only sees clearly an object 
that is close to him ; and a person with very flat eyes, as in 
old age, can sec nothing clearly except at a distance. The eagle, 
by the mere will, can make his eyes round or flat, and see with 
Cf(U il ch'arnos.s at any di.stancc. 



Wii.\T word is that in the Engli.sh language the first two 
letters of which signify a man, the first three a woman, the 
first four a great man, the whole a great woman ? Heroine. 



We may silently observe things we need not sjicak of ; in 
this way we learn many a profitable lesson without the cnst of 
imi)rudencc. 



He tliat has no friend and no enemy, is one of the vulgar, and 
without talents, power, or energj-. 



>co 



0Ucl0& l^udpfi* 



ITEVIEI^ S^^TISFIEX), 



A man in his carriage was riding along, 

A gaily-dressed wife by liis side ; 
In satin and lace she loolied like a queen, 

And he like a kiug in his pride. 

A wood-sawyer stood on the street as he passed: 

The carriage — the couple he eyed, 
And said, as he worked with his saw on the log, 
" I wish I was rich, and could ride." 

The man in his carriage remarked to his wife : 
" One thing I would do if I could — 
I'd give all ray wealth for the strength and the health 
Of the man who is sawing the wood." 

A pretty young maid with a bundle of work, 

Wliose face as the morning was fair. 
Went tripping along with a smile of delight, 

While humming a lovc-brca thing air. 

She looked in the carriage — the lady she saw, 

Arrayed in apparel so fine-. 
And said, in a whisper, "I wish in my heart 

Those satinB and laces were mine." 

The lady looked out on the maid with her work. 

So fair in her calico dress, 
And said, "I'd relinquish position and wealth, 

Her beauty and youth to possess." 

Thus it is in this world : whatever our lot, 

Our mind and our time we employ 
In longing and sighing for what we have not 

Ungrateful for what we enjoy. 



G H J^ K. ^A^ ID E , 



BT MISS MAKCIA ANN GATES. 



I am composed Vi letters : 
My 3, 10, 11, is an animal; 
My 2, 7, 8, 4, 5, is what all like to cat -, 
My 13, 2, !t, is used on wagons ; 
:\Iy 1, -1, 10, 0, is what all like to do ; 
My 1, 3, 10, fl, is what all should do; 

My whole is one of the Twelve Apostles who was with the I'rophet 
Joseph Smith in Nauvoo. 



The Answer to the Geographical Charade in Number Six is PETUO- 
I'Aiil.OVSKI. Correct Bohitions have been received from James H. 
Anderson, Edwin F. Parry, Henry E. Parry, James Poulton and 
Carlos Poulton, of Salt Lake City. 



NoNR but original charades will be inserted, and the names of tuli- 
scribers sending currect solutions will be publislied. 



CrXJ^vTEIsriLE! I3SrSTR.TJOTOI^ 

Is jiuljlisliod in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVKRY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum ?2 50, 

tra- Ornin broupht to this City for the JuvKNir.F, Instkuotor will b'j 
J iri-ivid at tlic oflice of our imiicr— Dkskhkt Nkws iiuiLi)iNO.s. 



■i^^^i 



