<888888>^8888^^ 







*S* (PUBLISHED SEMI-MONTHLY,) C^ 



^iustrated Magax^ e 



DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUNG. 



George Q. Cannon, Editor. 




CONTENTS: 



Vol, 19. 




uS& 



A Japanese Meal. ^Illustrated.) 
ohi 'i in oi<»'ji» ni i hiss, by l ii< i 
Desert'! S. S. C11I011 Meeting. 
Cliaplerfor the Little Oiut. 

Topit-H of tiit TimeH, by The Editor, 
Natur« , a Instruction**. 
Dlu-fupltii, the lucky. 
KdUorlul Thoughts. 
History <>f tin- Church. 
J^ Travel! in iiulln. t.y Will lam Fotheringhj 



A manifestation of God's Power Tlin.n^h 
Fasting and Prayer, by Ruth W.Tyler. 

Easy Sricncc Lrssmis, hy Sunny. 
The Maelstrom. 

Interesting Incident** 

The Kii£;lueerlii£ Toad, by S. 1'. Atwood, 
"The Nlckle Fund.*' 

A Diruut, \\\ « '. \ . 3, 

Song of the Worker*) Words by Li, W, Nais- 

I'Mi, Music by -i. '•■ i' 







W*. 



Published by Geopge Q. Cannon, 

AT SALT LAKE CITY. U. T. 

Office, South Temple St., between First and Second West Sts. 






& 




JUST RECEIVED 

AT THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR OFFICE, AND 

FOR SALE CHEAPER THAN AT ANY 

OTHER PLACE IN TOWN. 

HANDSOME PICTURE BOOK3, suitable for holiday presents, at prices 

ranging from 10 cts. to $3.00. 
THE POETS, red-line edition, in elegant gilt binding. Very appropriate for 

holiday presents. 
FAMILY BIBLES, illustrated, in handsome, durable binding. 
AUTOGRAPH ALBUMS, in many different styles, from in cts. each upwards. 
POCKET BOOKS in almost endless variety, from 10 ets. to $4.00 each. 
MARK TWAIN'S SCRAP BOOKS, in various sizes and styles. 
RUBBER POCKET INKSTANDS AND PENHOLDERS, the best and 

AUTOMATIC PENCILS, the handiest ever invented for carrying in the 

pocket. 
8MALL RECORDS, in leather binding, designed especially for keeping a 

daily journal in, in many styles andsizes. 
BLANK BOOKS of all kinds, from the smallest memorandum up to large, 

full-bound ledgers. 
INDELIBLE PENCILS, suitable for marking linen. 
LEAD PENCILS, from Faber's, Dixon's and other noted manufactories, from 

the cheapest to the very best. 
WRITING PAPER, in all the different sizes, and of varied quality and price. 
WRITING FLUIDS AND COPYING INKS, from Arnold's, Sanford's, 

Goddard's, etc, in all sized bottles. 
PENS, Gillott's Esterbrook's etc., of all grades, by the box or loose. 
PAPETERIE, in many different sizes and styles. 
ENVELOPES of all sizes and styles. 
WEDDING CARDS, with envelopes to match, in many different styles. Can 

be printed on short notice if desired. 
AUTOMATIC BOOK AND SHAWL STRAPS, a very handy invention, 35 
to 50 cts. each. 
REWARD CARDS for Sunday or day schools, from the cheapest to the most 

elaborate and handsome. 
PENCIL NOTE BOOKS, (our own make), suitable for students to write their 

exercises in, or for any person to take minutes of meetings in. Paper 

good for either pen or pencil writing. Ruled, 20 cts., plain, 15 cts. 



PARTIAL. CATALOGUE 
OF 

CHURCH PUBLICATIONS 

FOR SALE AT THE 

JCDVINGLI !M8YE*U)eT@e* ©FPMBl, 

Salt Lake City, Utah. 



BOOK OF MORMON, with references, Roan, 1.75; Calf grain gilt, 2.50; 

Morocco, extra gilt, 83.00. 
DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, with references, Cloth, 1.00 ; Leather, 1.25, 

Calf grain, gilt, $2.50; Morocco, extra gilt, $3.00. 
8PENCEP.'S LETTERS, Exhibiting the most Prominent Doctrines of the 

Church, Cloth, $1.00; Roan, $1.25; Calf grain, gilt, $1.60; Morocco, gilt, $2.25. 
KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY, by Parley P. Pratt, Cloth, 75cts.; 

Roan, $1 00; Calf grain, $1.50; Morocco, gilt, $2.00. 
PEARL OF GREAT PRICE, Paper, 30 cts.; Boards, 40 cts.; Cloth, 50cts.; Cloth 

gilt, 60 eta. 
DOES THE BIBLE SANCTION POLYGAMY? discussion between Elder 

O. Pratt and Dr. J. P. Newman, to which is added three discourses on 

celestial marriage by Elders O. Pratt, George A. Smith and George Q. 

Cannon, 25cts. 
A REVIEW of the Decision of the Supreme Court of the U. S. In the case ol 

Geo. Reynolds, by Geo. Q. Cannon, 25cts. 
FRUITS OF MORMONISM, by A. M. Musser; 25cts. 

THE MORMON QUESTION, correspondence between Vice President Schuy- 
ler Colfax and President John Taylor, lOcts. 

DEATH OF PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG, with sketches of his life and 

labors, lOcts. 
DOCTRINES OF THE CHURCH of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, its 

faith and teachings. A 24 page tract, by Elder John Morgan, 40cts. per 

dozen. 

THE PLAN OF SALVATION, a tract of 24 pages, by Elder John Morgan, 
40cts. per dozen. 

FIRST BOOK FOR OUR LITTLE FRIENDS, 10 ct*. 
SECOND BOOK FOR OUR LITTLE FRIENDS, 20 cts. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, 10 cts. 

MY FIRST MISSION, a narrative of personal experience as a missionary 
upon the Sandwich Islands, containing an account of the introduction of 
the gospel to the Hawaiian people, interesting description of their cus- 
toms, etc., by Elder George Q. Cannon, 25cts. 

A STRING OF PEARLS, containing the following interesting sketches 
embracing a variety of subjects, and written by a number of well-known 
authors, among whom are President John Taylor, the late Elder W. C. 
Staines, and others: Among the Poncas; Anecdotes of Elder J. It. Grant; 



War Bill; Sign Seeking; Missionary Incidents; Journey Across the Plains; Story 
of a Hat; A Prophesy and its Fulfillment; Guided by Providence; Fulfillment 
of Promise; You Shall not be Confounded; An Effective Plea; A Life Sketch; 
Oases of Miraculous Healing; Answer to Prayer; Joseph Smith's First Prayer, 
25cts. 

LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL, by President W. Woodruff, sketches 
of his wonderful missionary experience, and the most interesting inci- 
dents of his life, together with his testimony concerning the ministrations 
of the Holy Spirit, 25cts. 

GEMS FOR THE YOUNG FOLKS, Sketches of personal experience 
etc., by Bishops A. A. Kimball, Benjamin Brown, Elder H. G. Boyle and 
others, embracing the following: Finding a Father; Saved by Providence; 
Warnings of the Spirit; Robert Hamilton; How Success is Gained; Help in 
Time of Need; Overcoming Diffidence; The Lord will Provide; Dialogue on 
Religion; Testimonies for the Truth, 25cts. 

JACOB HAMBLIN, a narrative of his personal experience, as a frontiersman, 
missionary to the Indians and explorer, disclosing interpositions of 
Providence, severe privations, perilous situations and remarkable escapes, 
35cts. 

FRAGMENTS OF EXPEPIENCE, the Sixth book of the Faith-Promoting 
Series, a collection of sketches by a number of well-known authors, 
among whom are Presidents Anson Call, W. W.Cluff and William Budge, 
Bishop L. D. Young and others, 25cts. 

PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S JOURNAL, the seventh hook of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," a narrative of the principal incidents in the 
career of one of the most remarkable men of the age, including an 
account of the introduction of the gospel into Great Britain— an intensely 
interesting volume, 25 cts. 

EARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HISTORY, the eighth book of the "Faith- 
Promoting Series," a collection of incidents from the lives of Elders of 
the Church in early days, showing how the power of God has been dis- 
played in scores of instances in behalf of the Saints in healing the sick, 
etc. It includes the following sketches: Show us a Sign; Contest with Evii 

I Spirits; Early Experience of A. O. Smoot; Scenes in the British Mission; Re- 
markable Healings; Philo Dibble's Narrative; 25 cts. 

THE LIFE OF NEPHI, The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from Jerusalem, 
in Judea, to the land which is now known as South America, about six 
centuries before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. Cannon, of the 
First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
Ninth Book of the Faith-Promotinq Series. Published and for sale 
at this Office. Price 25 cents. 

SCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth Book of the Faith-Promoting 
Series, containing some very Interesting items from the Journals of 
Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel Knight. Price per copy 25 
cents. 

INTEMPERANCE; an Appeal to the Youth of Zion, 24 pages, paper cover, 
6 cents. 

JAQUES' CATECHISM FOR CHILDREN, stiff covers, 15cts.; cloth gilt, 30cts.; 

HYMN BOOK, Sixteenth Edition, Roan, 75cts.; Calf grain, $.1.00; Calf grain, 
gilt, $1.10; Morocco, extra gilt, $1.65. 

"MORMON" DOCTRINE, Plain and Simple, or Leaves from the Tree of Life 
an explanation of the principles of the Gospel in twelve tersely written 
chapters, followed by an original poem and an appendix giving scriptural 
references for all the subjects treated upon in the body of the work. A 
handy volume for anyone, 25cts. 

HISTORY OF THE MORMON BATTALION, by Sergeant D. Tyler, a com- 
plete account of the experience of that renowned body of men, together 
with the causes that led to their enlistment, and various other matters of 
interest. A most important and interesting history. Cloth, $2.50; 
leather, 3.00 ; morocco, gilt, $4.25. 

BAPTISM FOR THE RFMISSION OF SINS, a four-page Tract, by Elder 
C. H. Bliss, )^ct. each. 

IS; BAPTISM ESSENTIAL TO SALVATION? a tract of 4 pages, by C. H. 
Bliss, y, cent each. 

THE YEAR OF JUBILEE, a report of the proceedings at the Fiftieth 
Annual Conference of the Church 25cts. 

HISTORY OF THE ORGANIZATION OF THE SEVENTIES, by Joseph 
Young, Sen., 25cts. 

CATECHISM CARDS— Restoration of the Gospel, First, #iinoipies of the 
Gospel; The Book of Mormon; The Word of Wisdom; John the Baptist; 
The First Commandment; Angels; Self-Denial; Reward; Chapter on Prayer; 
Wisdom; The Knowledge of God; Love for One Another; Love of God- 
Prayer; The Third Commandment; Cards contain ing the Articles of Faith; 
The blessings on the Bread and Wine; and the Ten Commandments, 
Price, let. each, or $1.00 per 100. 

A VOICE FROM THE MOUNTAINS, a Testimony of the Truth of the 
Gospel as Eevealed to Joseph Smith, 24 pages, paper cover, 10 cents: 

THE MODERN PROPHET, a 24-page tract, by Elder John Nicholson, 3 cts. ■ 

POEMS, religious, historical and political, by Eliza R. Snow, Vol. 1, cloth, 
60cts.; cloth, gilt, 75cts.; morocco, gilt, $2.25; Vol. 2, cloth $1.00; cloth, gilt, 
$1.25; calf, gilt, $2,011; morocco, gilt, $2.25. 

GLAD TIDINGS OF GREAT JOY, an 8-page tract, 1 cent each. 

MILLENNIAL STAR, Vols. 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40 and 41, $2.00 per vol. 

THE MARTYRS, by Lyman O. Littlefield, 50 cts. 

VOICE OF WARNING, by Parley P. Pratt, Cloth, 50 cts; Leatheret, 65cta.; 
Calf grain, $1.10; Morroco, extra gilt, $175. 

ITEMS ON PRIESTHOOD, by President John Taylor, lOcts. 

BOOK OF ABRAHAM, its authenticity established, by Geo. Reynolds, 25cts. 

THE UTAH PIONEERS, celebration of the entrance of the pioneers into 
Great Salt Lake Valley, ete., lOcts. 



^ 



~*$m 




VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1884. 



NO. 6. 



A JAPANESE MEAL. 



TN the picture we see a family of Japanese at meal. The 
A custom amotig this singular race of people is to sit upon 
the floor while eating. They use no chairs, and their tables 
consist of small, low 
stands, one of which is 
I laced before each indi- 
vidual. In place of 
knives and forks, both 
the Chinese and Japan- 
ese use chop-sticks to 
carry the food to their 
mouths. Chop-sticks are 
generally made of wood 
or ivory, and are held be- 
tween the thumb and 
fingers just as you see 
them with the person on 
the right of the picture. 

The manners and cus- 
toms of different races of 
people are very dissim- 
ilar in some respects, and 
it is interesting to learn 
of their habits which, to 
us, seem so curious. We 
can also learn some good 
lessons by observing the 
peculiarities of different 
peoples. Almost every 
nation possesses some 
good quality that others 
might imitate with profit 

Hut the practices of 
the people of foreign 
countries only i-cem odd 
to us bee inee we are not 
accustomed to them. We 
bare acquired t tic habits 
of the people among 

whuiii we live by aseOOiat- 

fog with them, and ih<y 

seem i|iiite natural to us. 

another country and mingle with society we would soon learn 




But if wo were to go and live in T 



their ways and they would appear just as natural to us as our 
former habits did. The customs, therefore, of other peoples 
are only curious to us because we are strangers to them. By 

reflecting upon our own 
manners, we will find 
they are as singular as 
many of those practiced 
in other countries. For 
instance, in our manner 
of salutation, when we 
meet a friend, we ask, 
"How do you do?" with- 
out waiting for or expect- 
ing a reply to our query. 
If we have time, we stop 
to shake each other by 
the hand, or, if lady 
friends meet, they kiss. 
This form of etiquette is 
probably as strange to 
some races as are, to us, 
the modes of saluting by 
rubbing noses together, 
which is practised by 
some peoples, or of lying 
upon the back and kick- 
ing, considered by an 
African tribe as the great- 
est politeness. Again, 
when we receive a favor 
from another person, it 
is nothing but good man- 
ners to express our appre- 
ciation by saying, "I am 
very much obliged," and 
the pally addressed con- 
ttadiots by saying, "(), 
imt at all." Of course, 
we do not wish to find 
fault with the customs 
peouliar to our country, 
icy are probably us good as those of other countries, 
lthough some of them are degrading and are not worthy 



s r*v ■ 




82 



CTTT "VIE 2>T I LIE TK-STBTJOTOR. 



adoption by the Latter-day Saiuts; and many of them are 
curious, even to ourselves, wken we consider them. 

But to return to the habits and customs of the Japanese. 
As arace they are described as being friendly, good-humored, 
contented, industrious and brave. Like many other oriental 
races, they are divided into several classes or castes. The 
caste to which a person belongs is determined by his birth, 
and it is impossible for him to rise to a higher degree, no mat- 
ter what his natural ability may be. Each caste wears a 
certain style of dress by which it can always be distinguished. 
The priests and medical men have their heads shaved entirely, 
while others have their hair shaved off in front and the 
remainder combed up all around and glued in a tuft on the 
top of the head. You will observe this by looking at the 
male persons in the engraving. The females, as you will see, 
have a greater abundance of hair. Women in Japan live in 
seclusion and they are seldom seen outside of their houses. 
It appears, also, that they take no part in public worship. A 
traveler once observed a notice something like the following, 
posted on the gate of one of their temples: "No swine, cat- 
tle or women allowed inside!" When a lady gets married 
her teeth are blackened and her eyebrows plucked out, thus 
she is made to appear a hideous spectacle. 

The Japanese excel in the manufacture of porcelain, lacquer- 
wares and silk. The art of japanning, as the painting of iron 
and tin ware with a preparation of varnish and other materials 
is called, is an imitation of Japanese lacquer work. 



WmUpcvA §Ub. 



SESSION SIXTH. 



BY URIEL. 




WE will take the principle of faith for our consideration 
this session. 

The word faith, in theology, is understood to mean belief of 
the revealed truths of religion. We say "a person's faith," 
meaning a belief; also "they have faith," that is, confidence, 
trust in God, or in man, as the case may be. But in reality it 
is the mainspring of action in all intelligent beings. All we 
accomplish is by reason of this principle of faith. The apostle 
writing to the Hebrews says in the eleventh chapter, "Faith 
is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things 
not seen," substance in this sense means assurance; that is, 
the assurance we have of the existence of unseen things, and 
also we may say it is the assurance we have of our capabilities 
of accomplishing any given work that we believe we can per- 
form. 

"Without faith it is impossible to please Him ; for he that 
comeih to God must believe that He is, and that He is a 
rewarder of them that diligently seek Him." It must be 
very evident that if we did not believe that He existed, and 
that He would both hear and answer our petition, we would 
not ask of Him. But if we believe in the principles advo- 
cated in this class, we believe in the existence of this unseen 
Being, and if we believe in the doctrines taught, we will 
assuredly practice them. When we are converted to any prin- 
ciple, we understand the necessity of it, and, seeing the neces- 
sity, we naturally practice it. 



The Christian world lay great stress upon faith. "Only 
believe," say the popular preachers, "and you are saved." 
They quote Paul, when writing to the Romans, who said, 
"Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God, 
through our Lord Jesus Christ," also, "Abraham believed 
God and it was counted unto him for righteousness." They 
also quote" the sayings of Jesus Christ to Nicodemus, in the 
third chapter of John: "And as Moses lifted up the serpent 
in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up : 
that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have 
everlasting life. For God so loved the world, that He gave 
His Only Begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him 
should cot perish, but have everlasting life." They teach 
that this is all-sufficient, and their orators draw very pretty 
pictures of the circumstance of Moses lifting up the serpent 
in the wilderness, upon the occasion of the Israelites mur- 
muring and speaking against God, and against Moses, when 
they said, "Wherefore have ye brought us up out of Egypt 
to die in the wilderness? for there is no bread, neither is there 
any water; and our soul loatheth this light bread." The 
Lord sent fiery serpents which bit the people and many died. 
When the people repented they applied to Moses, who prayed 
for them, and was instructed of God to make a brazen serpent 
and set upon a pole and promised that all who looked upon it, 
who had been bitten by the fiery serpents, should live, and it 
was so. This circumstance is made to bear upon the popular 
doctrine, "Only believe and you are saved." But they err 
because they do not understand the scriptures. The Israelites 
who were bitten believed God and obeyed the word of the 
Lord to them through Moses the prophet, and through their 
obedience they were saved, their lives being prolonged because 
they obeyed the command by which they were to be healed. 
So with true faith ; it necessarily leads us to perform the 
requirements of the Lord If we believe' on the Lord Jesus 
Christ we will practice the principles He taught. 

Faith is the motive power that leads to action in our every- 
day life; it is a natural principle We prepare the [ground, 
we sow and irrigate because we have faith that we will reap. 
Abraham believed God and because of this he was led to action ; 
he performed the works that he was commanded, because he 
had faith; he obeyed the word of the Lord, and in his obedi- 
ence proved himself worthy of the blessings. 

The Latter-day Saints who are taught the same principles 
as were promulgated by the early apostles and elders show 
their faith by their works or actions. There is a principle 
taught in the gospel (James v, 14), "Is any sick among you, 
let him call for the Elders of the Church ; and let them pray 
over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord: 
and the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall 
raise him up ; and if he have committed sins thev shall be 
forgiven him." This was the faith of the formerly saints, 
and it is the faith of the Latter-day Saints. Christ promised 
that, "These signs shall follow them that believe: In my 
name they shall cast out devils ; they shall speak with new 
tongues ; they shall take up serpents ; and if they drink any 
deadly thing it shall not hurt them ; they shall lay hands upon 
the sick and they shall recover." This was the promise to all 
Saints who would believe and obey the gospel, and the Latter- 
day Saints do enjoy them. When they or their children are 
sick, they send for the Elders, and are anointed with oil, and 
the prayer of faith saves the sick. 

Now, there were doctors and physicians who professed the 
cure of the sick in the days of the Savior, but He understood 
the philosophy of disease and He healed by the laying on of 





hands, and He gave the same power to His disciples. James 
knew the Lord had said, "They shall lay hands upon the sick 
and they shall recover;" he understood that this was a correct 
principle, and he practiced it himself, and taught the saints to 
practice it. The Latter-day Saints do so ; it is a part of their 
faith and they have proved its efficacy. 

There is no need for you, my readers, to send for a doctor 
when you are sick, if you believe. You are the children of 
God, you are heirs to these blessings, and have a right to 
them if you believe. 

James well understood the value of the principle of faitb, 
and his good judgment in the manifestation of faith by works 
is of great value to the students of theology. He says, very 
truly, 'If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that 
giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not ; and it shall be 
given him. But let him ask in faith, nothing wavering. For 
he that wavereth is like a wave of the sea driven with the 
wind and tossed. For let not that man think that he shall 
receive anything of the Lord." Mark how emphatic he 
speaks, "it shall be given him." We should remember that 
God loves us, and is more willing to give than we are to 
receive ; that He delights to bless His children who love Him 
and put their trust in Him. We can indeed ask in all confi- 
dence when we love Him, and manifest that love by keeping 
His commandments. 

Again, James says, "Thou believest that there is one God ; 
thou doest well : the devils also believe and tremble. But 
wilt thou know,- vain- man, that faith without works is 
dead." We can readily comprehend this. But he is still 
more emphatic, for he says, "For as the body without the 
spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also." And 
this is very evident for we might believe in a principle, and 
even that it was necessary, but if we did not obey the require- 
ments, we could not expect to be benefitted by it, because it 
is to do the will of the Father that brings the blessings. But 
we would never obey until we had faith, for that is the motive 
power of action, and when we are instructed to believe on the 
Lord Jesus Christ, we are required to believe His doctrine 
and then we will practice in our lives the precepts He taught. 
We will thus become His disciples for we will obey His 
instructions. 

The Savior Himself said with regard to faith and works, 
"Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter 
into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of 
my Father which is in heaven." Again, "Therefore, whoso- 
ever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will 
liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a 
rock." But, "Everyone that heareth these sayings of mine, 
and doeth them not, shall be likened unto a foolish man, 
which built his house upon the sand." The doer of the word, 
or the obedient, should stand, but the hearer of the word, who 
did not obey, would fall. 

Now, my beloved students, let us 'be wise and obedient to 
the word. We never can be successful in the science of the- 
ology unless we are obedient; unless we adopt correct princi- 
ples Do you believe in God? Do you believe in the prin- 
ciples taught in this cla«s? If so, adopt them. Seek for 
knowledge and understanding at the hands of our Heavenly 
Father, and be sure you ask in faith, nothing doubting, and 
you shall receive. 



He that has no charity merits no mercy. 



DESERET S. S. UNION MEETING. 



ON Monday, the 11th of February, 1884, the regular meet- 
ing of the Union was held at the Assembly Hall, accord- 
ing to published notice of postponement. Asst. Gen. Supt. 
George Goddard presided. 

After a musical selection by the Firemen's Brass Band, the 
6th Ward choir, under Brother James H. Foulton, sang ; and 
prayer was offered by Elder A. H. Cannon. 

Supt. Arnold G. Giauque, gave an excellent report of the 
Oth Ward Sunday School. 

Asst. Gen. Supt. Goddard announced that Brother George 
M. Ottinger had kindly consented to deliver a lecture that 
evening but in consequence of having to serve as a judge of 
the election he could not be present. He said that notwith- 
stading the deep snow and inclement weather quite a 
number of children of the primary class of the 6th Ward Sun- 
day school were present ; they had been diligent in practicing 
several new songs and he felt like affording them the oppor- 
tunity of singing their pieces during the evening. 

The children, some of them very young, then sang, "We 
are marching on," and one of their teachers, Brother Poul- 
ton, by request, related some interesting incidents about the 
class. 

Stake Superintendent John C. Cutler stated that owing to 
business engagements Elder 0. H. Riggs had tendered his 
resignation as secretary of the Salt Lake Stake Sunday 
schools. Upon motion his resignation was accepted. 

It was moved and carried that Elder Joseph Hyrum 
Parry be the secretary of the Stake Sunday school organiza- 
tion. 

Asst. Gen. Supt. George Goddard made a few remarks on 
the preceding exercises. 

Music by the brass band. 

Elder George Reynolds read the following report: 

"Salt Lake City, Feb. 4, 1884. 
"To the General Superintendent and Officers of the Deseret 
Sunday School Union : 

"Dear Brethren: — It becomes my duty to report that Elders 
T. C. Griggs and E. Beesley (two brethren appointed by you 
to examine the competitive music received for the words of 
'The Children's Song,' by Elder John Lyon, and 'Zion's 
Recruits,' by Elder John Burrows), have returned their 
awards. As there were only seven contributions in all, to 
both pieces, in conformity with the provisions of the pub- 
lished rules, it is recommended that only one prize be given in 
each case. On examination of the nommes deplume, the suc- 
cessful composers proved to be: 'The Children's Song,' 
Brother L. D. Edwards, of Brigham City; and for 'Zion's 
Recruits,' Brother A. C. Smyth, of Salt Lake City. 

"Respectfully submitted, 
"Geo. Reynolds. 

"Chairman of the Committee on Publication of the Deseret 
Sunday School Union." 

Stake Secretary J. H. Parry read the following rules for the 
guidance of superintendents in the competition for prizes for 
punctuality : What record shall be kept of those Sunday 
school teachers who are also home missionaries and also 
of teachers who are unavoidably absent ? When present 
give them credit and when absent do not give them credit. 

Schools should be called to order promptly at the hour 
appointed, and those officers and teachers not present when 
order is called will be deemed tardy. It is left with the honor 
of the teachers and officers to strictly adhere to this rule." 

He said, the reason that the rules were made so strict, was 
for the purpose of educating the superintendents and teachers 




84 



J"U"VEin^riLE IITSTBTJOTOE/. 




and the schools under them, up to the principle of strict 
punctuality. The teachers could then conscientiously urge 
strict punctuality upon the scholars. This was one of the 
main ohjects sought to be gained in offering prizes. 

Superintendents T. C. Griggs of the 15th, Geo. Reynolds 
of the 20th and Wm. McLachlan of the 7th Ward Sunday 
schools, each made a few remarks on the plans adopted in their 
respective schools for keeping a record of the attendance of 
the officers and teachers. 

The Tth Ward Sunday school was appointed to furnish sing- 
ing and doorkeepers for the next meeting. It was also 
expected that Brother Ottinger would give his lecture on that 
evening. 

The singing by the choir was excellent; and the several 
songs by the little children were rendered in a manner that 
reflected great credit on their teachers, Brothers Jas. Poulton 
and John Priestly, as well as on themselves. The selections 
by the brass band were played in good taste ; and all contri- 
buted to make the evening pass pleasantly as well as profit- 
ably. 

Closed with music by the choir, and benediction by Supt. 
H. Tuckett. 




FRUITS OF OBEDIENCE. 



"Charlie, come in, I want you," said a sweet, 
womanly voice to a little boy who was playing 
marbles on the side-walk in front of a nice, brick 
house. 

Now, Charlie was very busy, and in the midst 
of a delightful game. He was as happy as could 
be. To quit his play then was like quitting the 
table when half through dinner. Would he obey? 
We looked with interest to see what he would do. 
What would you have done? 

Charlie replied, "Yes, mother," and picking up 
his marbles started off with a smiling face and a 
bounding step up the side yard and in at the end 
door of the house. A fine boy that, I thought, as 
I looked after him. I wonder who he is? What 
a beautiful thing it must be to have a little boy or 
girl that will mind at once, and with a happy, lov- 
ing heart! I wondered what would become of that 
boy, and wished to see more of him and learn Ins 
history. 

I used to walk past that house every week, and 
always thought of that blue-eyed, light-haired boy. 
The thought of him made me happy. I saw a 
great many naughty children. Once I spent two 
or three days in trying to find a naughty boy who 
had run away from his home and overwhelmed 
his parents with grief; and when I found him, 
some one had stolen his coat and hat, and bundle 




of clothes and all the money he had. Once I 
chased after a truant boy and girl for several hours, 
and at last, late at night, found them in the woods, 
wet through, cold and frightened almost to death. 
They had disobeyed their mother and gone to play 
instead of going to school, and both of them were 
sick for several weeks in consequence of their folly 
and exposure. A boy that minds is a jewel. 

I had been in business a year or two, and in that 
time had had several boys; but it was next to 
impossible to find one that would mind. At last 
I was quite out of patience, and I determined that 
I would have no one who could not bring the best 
recommendation and stand the closest test. Several 
applied for the place, but no one suited me. At 
last came a blue-eyed, flaxen-haired youth of 
twelve years, with a bright, honest face. There 
was something engaging in his aspect. Had I seen 
him before? 

"What is your name?" 

"Charlie Warren, sir. I live in Franklin Street. 
My father is a carpenter, but is lame now and can- 
not work; and I have got mother's consent to go 
into a store, if I can find a place." 

It was the very Charlie whom I had seen play- 
ing at marbles. I remembered the circumstance, 
and knew that he would mind. I did not need a 
recommendation for him, but gave him the place, 
and twice as much pay as I had promised to give. 

Charlie came to work on Monday morning. It 
seemed hard for him the first week of work, but 
he behaved like a man. The boys in the next 
store came in and made his acquaintance. One 
morning I heard two of them trying to persuade 
Charlie to go off with them down on the wharves 
in the afternoon and see a boat-race that was to 
come off. "No," said Charlie, "mother told me to 
mind my business, and I am paid for staying here, 
and don't think it right to go off without my 
employers knowing it." 

That was a brave word, and I thought more of 
Charlie than ever. 

That was ten years ago. He has been with me 
ever since, aud proved to be the best clerk I ever 
had. Yesterday we put up a new sign, and on it, 
in large gilt letters, was Charlie's full name. The 
store is his own. He is now a prosperous, promis- 
ing young man, and if he lives, will be a rich, 
honored man. And all this because one bright 
morning he minded his mother when she called 
him. From such little things do great results 
come. Always mind and it will be always well 
with you. 

Selected. 

K»<5S< 




CTTJYEITILZI IJSTBTBTJOTOB, 



85 




TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



HAS DENVER OUTGROWN ITS SURROUNDINGS? — ST. LOUIS — 
NUMBERS OF EX- "MORMONS" AND THEIR CHILDREN IN AND 
AROUND THAT CITY — THE EFFECT OF CALAMITIES. 




I OMITTED to mention one impression which I had while 
at Denver. It was that the city seemed too large for the 
surrounding country. Wealth has poured in there from the 
mines; rich men having invested largely in real estate and in 
costly buildings. While the mines continue to produce as they 
have done, business will be likely to flourish ; but if they 
should fall off in their yield, then Denver will feel it very 
serious'y ; for the agricultural resources are very limited, and 
I suppose there is very little, if any, manufacturing being 
done. 

From Denver I took rail to Kansas city, a populous place, 
which has grown up since our people were driven out of Mis- 
souri. It is close to Independence, around which cluster si 
many hopes for Latter-day Saints, and ;vhere the Lord has pro- 
mised a "temple shall be reared in this generation ; for verily, 
this generation shall not pass away until a house shall be built 
unto the Lord, and a cloud shall rest upon it, which cloud shall 
be even the glory of the Lord, which shall fill the house." 
From this point to St. Louis the railway runs through a thickly 
populated region. Is it prejudice that makes the towns look so 
inferior to ours in Utah ? True, the season is not favorable 10 
see the country to any advantage, as it is mid- Winter and the 
weather is very disagreeable. But after making due allowance 
for all this, the streets are narrow and very muddy, the houses 
are, as a rule, unpainted frames and shabby, and there is an 
absence of that neatness and thrift which should abound in a 
country so fertile and possessing such natural resources as this. 
With the industry and management which many of the people 
of Utah have shown, such a country as Missouri might be 
made one of the garden spots of the world. 

It is upwards of twenty-three years since I last visited St. 
Louis. My visit now is not at a favorable time, on account of 
the drenching rain, the murky atmosphere and the muddy 
streets. It does not appear to such an advantage as Chicago, 
and ir has not, in its growth and wealth, kept pace with that 
city. The day I was there the sky was dense with smoke ; 
the faces of the people were grimy from that cause, and the 
buildings appeared dark and gloomy. Before railroads were 
built the river Mississippi, on the banks of which St. Louis 
stands, gave the city great importance as a commercial 
center. The front of the city was lined with steamboats of the 
most elegant design. The levee, as it was called, was a busy 
scene. The loading and unloading of freight; the arrival and 
departure of boats and the embarking and disembarking of 
passengers, with the hoarse cries of the mates urging the boat 
hands, many of whom were sLves, to greater and more rapid 
exertions, made such an impression upon the visitor that he 
never would forget it. But all this is changed. Freight is 
now carried cheaply and expeditiously by railroad, and the boats 
are seldom used for this purpose. Instead, therefore, of the 
river front being the place of business as formerly, it is now 
quite dull, the steamers are few, and are only used for special 
purpose*. The busy places arc the radroad depots, where the 
passengers and freight arrive and depart, and where all is 
bustle, and sometimes confu -ion. 

While at St.. Louis I was sought for by newspaper' men and 
others who were anxious to converse with me. One of these 



gentlemen remarked to me that he had been greatly surprised at 
the number of people whom he had met in and around St. Louis 
who had either been "Mormons" themselves or were the 
children of "Mormons." He said the country was full of 
them. I knew that this was the case; but had not expected to 
find a non-"Mormon" who was aware of it. 

After Nauvoo became the gathering place for the Saints, 
St Louis was an important point on the river, and the greater 
portion of those who gathered passed through there. It 
became a noted place for apostates, those who left Nauvoo 
generally going there in search of employment. A company 
of Saints could not pass through there without being beset by 
those people and plied with every imaginable device and false- 
hood to induce them to stop there and not go to Nauvoo. The 
devil had plenty of agents to spread his nets for the feet of the 
unwary, and great numbers at one time and another fell victims 
to his cunning arts. After the troubles at Nauvoo, also, num- 
bers went to St. Louis in search of employment, and a flour- 
ishing conference and Stake at one time existed there. Of the 
people who formed the Stake many emigrated to the valleys of 
Utah, but some remained behind, grew cool, and, in some 
instances lost the faith, and, in others, died, and their children 
became permanent residents of that region. 

This has been the case in all the neighborhoods where the 
Saints have settled — from Kirtland up to the mountains. Cali- 
fornia contains thousands of ex- "Mormons" and their chil- 
dren. Some of them went there with no intention of aposta- 
tizing or remaining there ; but have either died or been pre- 
vented by circumstances from returning; and others who had lost 
the faith, and who, hearing of it being a good country to live in, 
went there to make themselves permanent homes. 

If all those who had embraced the gospel from the begin- 
ning of the Church until the present time had remained true and 
faithful to their covenants, what a mighty host they would be! 
If every man who has been warned had warned his neighbor, 
as the Lord has required, how few of the children of men there 
would be left who would be ignorant concerning this great 
latter-day work ! As it is millions have been warned and are 
left without excuse for their rejection of the work of God. 
The Elders have traveled and preached and borne testimony, 
and their fame has gone to the ends of the earth. There are 
but few people who have had opportunities of reading who 
have not heard something of what the Lord is doing. Our 
enemies have greatly helped to advertise us, and while they tell 
the most abominable lies and misrepresentations, still they 
make us known, and many people suspect that their state- 
ments concerning us are mainly false. When the judgments 
of the Almighty shall be poured out in such a manner as to 
cause men to look around for a place of peace and safety to 
which they can flee, then will the testimony of the Elders come 
vividly to their minds. They will cast their eyes towards Zion, 
and thousands will yet flee there to enjoy the blessings God will 
vouchsafe to His people, but which will be denied to those who 
live among the ungodly. 

While people are rich and prosperous they seldom care about 
the eternal riches to be found in the gospel. It is when they 
are poor and in straitened circumstances that the gospel is 
listened to as a message of glad tidings. Let calamity fall 
upon this nation, as it most assuredly will, then the warnings 
of the Elders will be remembered and people will inquire for 
them that they may receive the ordinances at their hands 
Prond cities will be humbled; judgments will fall upon 
them, and though the people may say it is long delayed, it 
will nevertheless come, just as the Lord has said. 





CT TJ-V^E IN" I Xj IE IUSTBTJOTOE/, 




NATURE'S INSTRUCTIONS. 




THE wonderful manner in which Nature seems to have pro- 
duced results suited in every case to the surroundings, 
while such conditions are ohtained by man only after many 
trials, shows us how able an instructress is Nature. 

Let us take a simple illustration of our meaning. 

Presented to us, tastefully arranged on some green leaves, 
are some luscious strawberries, a fruit so soft and delicate that 
we press it to pieces with our tongue alone. Here is a fruit 
well suited for man, and doubtless possessed of certain speci- 
fics with which we are only partially acquainted. If a thought- 
less man possessed the power of producing such a fruit on any 
tree, he might display no skill or art in his selection of the 
style of plant which should produce it; but this is not the 
case with Nature. So soft and delicate a fruit as the straw- 
berry, if produced on the branches of a tree, would be spoiled 
upon falling to the ground, and thus Nature has produced it 
on the smallest of small plants, where no fall takes place, how- 
ever ripe the fruit may be. 

Again, we find the cocoa, the chestnut, and the walnut tree 
growing to a great hight, and on the summit of these trees 
there are fruits which may fall with impunity to the ground; 
their thick shells and the hard nature of the fruit itself, ren- 
dering a fall perfectly harmless. 

The grape, which is trained by man against walls, is naturally 
a low plant, scarcely ascending many feet above the ground. 
Thus, in almost every case, we may decide upon the style of 
tree, its hight and nature of growth, if we are acquainted with 
its fruit— the soft delicate fruit being indicative of a small tree 
or shrub, the hard-shelled fruit of one of lofty pretensions. 

As almost a singular exception to this rule we may mention 
the mulberry tree, which, although it does not reach to a very 
great hight, is yet tall enough to cause considerable damage to 
the fruit which may fall. It is, however, a popular belief 
that the mulberry never thrives so well as when beneath it 
there is a grass plot, which would, in a great measure, 
prevent the fruit which fell from the branches from being 
spoiled. 

This is but one of the many instances of what may be termed 
Nature's Instructions. Another is the peculiar form of plants 
or shrubs, the shape of their leaves, and the direction of their 
branches according to the situation in which they grow. 

Plants that are found in dry and arid plains usually have 
leaves in which is a canal that conducts the dew-moisture 
down towards the body of the plant. The aloe is an excellent 
example of this kind of arrangement. Other kinds of vege- 
tation which grow in a naturally damp soil, or were rain falls 
in abundance, are not protected in this manner, simply because 
it is not required. Thus the common bulrush has no large 
leaves to collect the rain or moisture, nor any extended 
branches to gather the rain-water towards its roots. But that 
which is more singular is, that when any species of mountain 
plant is intended to grow on or near moist ground, a change 
is observable in the details of its leaves. Thus in all the 
mountain ferns there is a small fluting along the branches, 
suitable for a canal, but in the marsh fern it is wanting. The 
aloe of the water, again, has its leaves full, while that of the 
rock has been hollowed out. 

Trees that naturally grow in moist situations have long 
leaves attached to the twigs and branches by long stems ; thus 
any rain that falls on them is cast off, and not led down to the 
root of the tree. Thus the weeping willow, the birch, the 



poplar and aspen are examples of this arrangement. When, how- 
ever, a tree, from the nature of its location, is liable to be 
deprived of moisture for a long period, these conditions do not 
exist. Then the leaves turn in an upward direction, the 
branches extend far and wide, so that an armful of rain or 
dew may be gathered and brought down to the roots. The 
branches in most cases incline upwards at an angle of about 
thirty degrees, and thus serve as conductors to the descending 
moisture. The mountain box, for example, has its leaves hol- 
lowed out so as to receive all the moisture that falls, and this 
is directed upwards ; but the cranberry, which also possesses 
hollowed leaves, has them inverted, with the hollow turned 
towards the earth. The former is a plant found naturally in 
dry, elevated situations; the latter, one that is natural to 
more moist localities. 

Some of Nature's water-stores are well worthy of examina- 
tion and admiration. In several of the most arid parts of the 
world there are natural reservoirs and cisterns in which water 
may be found. In some places it is a large tree with a natur- 
ally hollowed trunk, in which water is deposited in the rainy 
season, and there remains for months. In other places there 
is a large packet of leaves in which is enclosed a kind of large 
apple, which on being pierced discharges at least a pint of 
pure water. On the parched Karroo of Africa there is a large 
root, on scooping a hollow in which a quantity of water is soon 
filtrated. In the Antilles there is a plant so full of sap that 
if a branch be cut off, as much water as" a man can drink is 
immediately discharged. The leaves of the mistletoe are said 
to be effective as curatives of thirst, and they are usually 
found in rather dry situations. 

The shape of the mushroom and various fungi may be 
quoted as another singular instance of Nature's precautions. 
Almost all the fungi require moisture and darkness in order 
to bring them to perfection. Now the wide-spreading top of 
the mushroom allows any lain or dew to fall off on to the sur- 
rounding ground, but at the same time prevents the sun's 
rays from reaching and drying up the ground at its roots. The 
top of the mushroom is, in fact, a large parasol, which pre- 
serves the ground beneath it from becoming scorched. 

Those who have closely observed Nature must be aware of 
many other singular adaptations besides those to which we 
have drawn attention, so that from the form alone of the 
leaves of a plant we can judge of the description of soil and 
amount of water which is most suitable to it, and, in fact, we 
should kill a plant by mistaken attention, did we not note the 
peculiarities of its form. An aloe, for example, whose leaves 
are mere canals for conducting water down to its roots, and 
which thereby indicates that it is constructed to suit a dry 
climate, would soon be killed were it given water repeat- 
edly. 

Very many small plants require water in abundance during 
their early growth, but can dispense with it afterwards. When 
this is the case, the leaves when young assume the form of a 
funnel or spoon, in order to gather all the moisture and 
conduct it down to the roots; this is exhibited by most of 
the gramineous plants. In many cases also these plants will 
alter the form of their leaves towards evening, so as to be pre- 
pared to gather the dew ; while a passing shower at mid-day 
will produce a similar effect. 

Much might be said with regard to the color of flowers, for 
in this Nature's Instructions are widely manifested. It is an 
acknowledged fact that white is of all colors (if color it may 
be termed) that which is best fitted for reflecting the rays of 
light. Thus we find that those delicate plants which blossom 





J" TT "VIE] UNTIL IE IUSTRTJOTOB, 




in Winter, and these which grow in localities where heat is 
not likely to be very abundant, are usually white or of a very 
light tint. The snowdrop, narcissus and lily, and many other 
plants, might be mentioned as examples ; whereas a plant 
with a white flower is not known in the tropics, where sun- 
light is abundant. 

When we examine the vegetable kingdom, in which we may 
note the peculiar adaptations employed for the preservation 
of plants, and perceive how Nature seems to combat with some 
singular law which appears not to be easily avoided, we are 
puzzled to account for this. The aloe, as we have remarked, 
has its leaves so formed that they serve as canals for conduct- 
ing water to its roots, thus showing that an arrangement is 
made to supply a want. Why, it may be asked, was not the 
nature of the aloe so constituted that it might dispense with 
water, and not require this peculiar shape of leaf? But in 
answer we may reply that the very fact of this adaptation of 
Nature to surrounding conditions is a proof of a high law 
and a great power — a law which cannot be broken, and a 
power which, bending to the law, yet supplies a means by 
which its demands can be readily met and supplied. 
(To be Continued.) 



MUSTAPHA, THE LUCKY. 



AN APOLOGUE. 



MUSTAPHA began the world with little of its goods; but 
having health, strength, a clear intellect, and indomit- 
able will, he gradually attained wealth and respectability. At 
the same time he was fortunate in his domestic circumstances ; 
for his wife, besides being handsome and accomplished, was gentle 
and affectionate ; and his children being endowed with sound 
constitutions, and reared in healthy circumstance?, thrived con- 
tinually and gave no trouble. Everybody said that Mustapha 
was a prodigy of prosperity in all respects, for nothing evi r 
went wrong with him. He himself acknowledged the good- 
ness of Providence with a grateful heart ; and being of a 
benevolent disposition, he dealt largely of the fruits of his 
industry to the many less fortunate people who came under 
his notice, particularly to those whom he had known in his 
early days. At the same time he maintained, under all his pros- 
perity, a humble mind ; and his manners, which had origin- 
ally been unassuming, never underwent the least change. 

The world concluded that Mustapha was a happy man; but 
where is happiness below? He had to confess to himself, 
though he never spoke of such subjects to others, that the 
many external blessings which he enjoyed, had failed to give 
him true ease and peace of mind. Always, as these blessings 
had increased, he had found himself more and more removed as it 
were from the sympathies of his fellow- creatures. It was not 
that he was not courted and flattered, as rich men usually are, 
or that the world generally failed to acknowledge his merits 
and his virtues. It was that no one now seemed to enter into 
his feelings on a footing of brotherly equality. It appeared 
to be felt, that a man such as he is all-sufficient to himself. 
No one was much concerned about him. Those who were 
nearest to an equality with him, and with whom he came most 
in contact, were the most jealous of him, and the coldest in 
their demeanor. Even the affection of his nearest relatives 
withered under the shadow of his growing importance. They 
thought him proud, merely because he had been raised above 
them;and when any great man gave him his friendship they would 



say he was ambitious of the notice of his superiors, though 
that was a thing which he never made the least effort to 
obtain. He would try, by putting on a manner more familiar 
than would otherwise have been necessary, and which accord- 
ingly was of a forced character, to assure them that he was 
unchanged in heart, and this went some little way in convinc- 
ing them ; but he found no great satisfaction in so partial a 
success, and one which was to be gained only by a sacrifice of 
sincerity. 

At length the tide of fortune turned with Mustapha. Some 
barks of his were lost at sea, and his bazar was about the same 
time broken into, and robbed of goods to a large amount. The 
plague coming at that time to Constantinople, his wife and 
three of his children were swept off by it in the course of a few 
days. Mustapha regarded his calamities with a firm and col- 
lected mind; but he could not conceal from himself that he 
was now too old to repair the loss of his wealth, and that 
nothing which this world can give would ever make up for the 
removal of his wife and dear children. He had been taught a 
sort of stoicism by the isolation in which he had lived so long 
during his prosperous days, and he now prepared himself to 
bear these distresses in solitude and silence. "The world," he 
said, 'has been little troubled with me or my concerns 
hitherto, and I shall not begin now to call its attention, when 
I can present myself only as a distressing spectacle of misfor- 
tune." But he speedily found that the world would not allow 
him to be r the burden of calamity alone. All kinds of 
people, even those who had been most envious of him in his 
better days, came about him with expressions of condolence. 
Many offered him assistance to begin business anew. Kins- 
folk who had deserted his house for years, now flocked to it, 
to grieve with him for the loss of his wife and children. It 
might almost be said there was a general movement in society 
to console and cheer the unfortunate Mustapha. He was at 
first surprised and somewhat embarrassed, but then pleased. 
The voice of kindness found its way into and softened his 
heart. For the first time he wept ; but his tears were expres- 
sive as much of happiness as of sorrow. 

Calling his remaining children around him, he said : "My 
beloved ones, God is great. He maketh joy out of sorrow, 
and giveth the victory to weakness. Once I was wealthy and 
great, and the only consequence was, that I became an object 
of the malignant feelings of my fellow- creatures. I never was 
happy then ; and perhaps it was but right that I should thus 
pay for the many advantages I enjoyed over others in a scene 
where all are equal in the eye of God. Now my wealth is 
gone, and I have lost greater treasures still ; but behold, 
calamity has restored to me the hearts of my neighbors and 
kinsfolk. I am once more simply a man among men. They 
give me their sympathies, as one exposed like themselves to 
the hardships and difficulties of life. And in their kindness 
I feel a delight beyond all that this world can give under any 
circumstances whatever. Rejoice, then, with me, that we 
have suffered." 

The remainder of Mustapha's life was spent in compara- 
tively humble circumstances; but he never had occasion to regret 
the loss of fortune. There was even a happiness in store for 
him beyond all he had yet felt, for his children, who in the 
days of prosperity had thought only of their own indulgences, 
and were often wayward and disobedient, now concentrated their 
best feelings on their amiable parent; and in their exertions for 
his benefit, their generous self-denial and their kind attention to 
his comfort, formed a guard around him, within which he felt 
a security such as mere wealth cannot give —Selected. 



SK 




88 



.JTJ"V"E^TII_.E I^STBTJGTOii. 




GEORGE <&,. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 



DOES THE WORLD OWE US A LIVING? — CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES 
UNDER WHICH SOCIETY MAY OWE ITS MEMBERS A LIVING — 
EDUCATION, WHAT IS IT? — KIND OF EDUCATION WE DO 
NOT WANT — TRUE EDUCATION. 




HERE is a class of people, sometimes met 
with, who are fond of expressing them- 
selves, especially when they are in diffi- 
culty or pinched for want of something 
necessary, in this wise : ''Well, I do not 
■ care, the world owes me a living, and I 
will have it." There are some of these 
people who, if they cannot get this living 
honestly, will resort to some dishonest way 
to obtain it. In our experience we have noticed 
that it is the lazy and the shiftless who take this 
view of what the world owes them. The indus- 
trious, the energetic and the honest are not 
liable to entertain such an idea as that. 
Now, let us ask our Juveniles the question : Is 
the world really in debt to any of us because we are 
born here ? 

It is true that when a babe is born it requires kind 
care and attention. No creature is so helpless at his birth. 
He, the lord of creation, actually descends below all creatures 
to begin his earthly career. But his parents do for him that 
which was done for them when they were helpless infants. In 
this way they pay back to their children that which they owe 
to their parents. Thus are the debts of one generation repaid 
to another. And this will always be the case as long as men 
and women continue to come forth. But beyond this what 
obligation rests upon the older generation to furnish the 
younger generation with a living? As we understand the obli- 
gations of life it is the duty of every human being, who is 
capable of performing labor, to contribute to his own support. 
Of course, where a person is crippled, or is sickly, or is in any 
way incapable of doing work, it cannot, in reason, be expected 
that he will sustain himself; in such a case it becomes the 
duty of his family or of the community to sustain him. As soci- 
ety is now organized each individual or each family has the 
benefit, or at least, is supposed to have the benefit, of its own 
labor. If society were organized upon the family or com- 
munity principle, then each one would labor for the benefit of 
all. The benefits would be shared by all ; the losses would be 
borne by all. If any were sick, or for any cause were unable 
to work, the loss would not be an individual loss, but would 
be the loss of the family or community. But whether men live in 
society as we now do, where every man is supposed to work for 
his own benefit, or in a society after the pattern of the order of 
Enoch, they are not relieved from the obligation of labor. Man 
should, at least, labor for his own support ; he should either 




produce from the elements around him the necessary articles for 
his food, and shelter, and general comfort, or he should be able 
to pay others in some form for producing them. This is a 
plain law of life. Where a man fails to observe this law he 
becomes a burden upon society ; he is a drone in the hive of 
industry. 

When a man, therefore, says: "The world owes me a liv- 
ing, " the question immediately arises: "Why does it owe 
you a living? What have you done for society that it should 
give you a living?" 

There is one way in which, under a certain organization of 
society, a man might claim a living from the community. If 
he dwelt among a people who dictated his labors, whose voice 
he obeyed, and whose servant, therefore, he became, he would 
then be entitled, in all fairness, to a living. One service would 
beget the other. He ought then to receive his proper share 
of all the good things that would constitute a living in that 
community, The community would be under obligations to 
him for his labor, and it ought to repay him for his service 
and his obediepce to its will. 

The same rule applies to education. Some persons claim 
that the state or community owe every child an education ; 
that because education is a blessing and knowledge is better 
than ignorance, therefore the community should arrange for 
every child to be educated. As a simple proposition this is 
plausible and good. In the abstract it is difficult to find fault 
with it. Under a certain organization of society the principle 
would be excellent. But in society such as we now have, the 
practice of having the state or the community educate the chil- 
dren would have a bad effect ; it would beget wrong ideas, 
and have a tendency to pauperize the children. Any system 
that teaches a child that society owes it something for which 
it has to make no return is wrong and leads in the wrong 
direction. If it is a blessing to be educated, so it is a blessing 
to be fed, to be clothed, to be housed. If society owes the 
child the first, why not the other blessings ? Why stop at 
education? 

If society were so organized that the labors of the children 
would be dictated by the community, then they could repay 
the obligation to the community by the superior quality of 
their labor and in many other ways. The community would 
receive the direct benefit of the cost of the education and not 
the children alone. If it might be said that the community 
owed them an education, it could aiso be said that they owed 
the community an equivalent in return. 

But though the above reason is a great objection to the view 
that the community owes every child an education, it is not 
the most serious. In mixed communities, that is in communi- 
ties where there are people of different faiths and religious 
views, there are conflicting ideas concerning education. Quar- 
rels of a grave character have arisen over the question as to 
whether the Bible shall be read in the public schools or not. 
The Catholic who pays taxes does not want his children taught 
by Protestant teachers to read the Protestant version of the 
Bible. So with the Infidel. He pays his taxes like the 
religious people do, and he says, 

"I have as much interest in these schools as these Bible 
believers have, and I will not have my children taught to 
read the Bible or any of their religious nonsense." 

The result is. the Bible is banished from the public schools; 
all religion is carefully excluded, and all faith in God and in 
His word is dying out. 




As a Latter-day Saint we say this is not education. We cry 
out with all our strength against the children of our people 
being taught in this way. If this is the kind of education 
which it is claimed the community owes every child, we say 
for our own children we want it not. We pray God to deliver 
us from it. Shall Latter- day Saiuts, for the sake of a little 
filthy lucre, in the shape of taxes collected from those who 
are not of our faith, put ourselves into bondage? Shall we 
deprive ourselves of the right to teach our children the Bible 
and faith in our God ? Is it for this that we suffered our- 
selves to be driven from our homes and to cross the dreary 
wastes which led to these valleys ? Is it for this that our 
Elders go forth for years without purse and scrip to preach 
the gospel? Is it for this ihat the people are being gathered 
together to build up Zion? 

Our communities owe our children the education of the 
Bible, the Book of Mormon, the book of Doctrine and Cov- 
enants, and faith in God. Every child born of Latter-day 
Saint parentage is entitled to this, at least. God has put 
them in our charge to be taught these truths, and it will be 
woe unto parents who neglect this plain duty. The Sunday 
schools are doing much ; but all should not be left to them. 
It is the work of a lifetime to acquire the knowledge of the 
truth, not of one day alone out of seven. This is the educa- 
tion for which we plead. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



( Continued from page 69. ) 



EARLY LIFE IN THE VALLEY. 



II 



UNTIL saw mills could be built to run by water, lumber had 
to be made with whip saws, and many of the men were 
engaged ia sawing through the entire Winter. So anxious 
were the people to preserve the timber, that strict regulations 
were adopted respecting the manner of cutting it, and the 
municipal council decided that no person should build with 
logs without permission. Many supposed that the timber 
would soon be exhausted, and then the settlement would be 
in a bad plight. But when President Young returned in 1S48 
these restrictions were removed and the people were left 
at liberty to cut timber as they pleased. He had a better idea 
of the extent of the timber in the mountains, and had no 
fears of its speedy consumption. Many of the first settlers 
of this valley would have been amazed in 1847 or 1848 had 
they seen such piles of lumber brought from the mountains as 
are sold every season now, and have been for years back, in 
this city. Every year has brought to light new bodies of 
timber, and many of the people have gone to the opposite 
extreme, and seem to imagine that the timber resources of 
these mountains cannot be exhausted, judging by their reck- 
lessness in cutting and destroying this important element of 
wealth. The public meetings through the Winter were held 
generally near the liberty pole in the center of the Old Port. 
The mildness of the weather enabled the people to meet in the 
open air without much discomfort. A better and more commo- 
dious and warmershelterwas afterwards erected there, in which 
public meetings were held. Meetings were also held ou Sun- 



day and other evenings in various houses in the Forts, and 
efforts were made to keep up quorum organizations and meet- 
ings with excellent results. Notwithstanding the scarcity of food 
and clothing and the exposure and severe labors of the people, 
there was but little sickness and few deaths. And a feeling of 
thankfulness was almost universal among the people to the 
Lord for bringing them out of the midst of their enemies, from 
mobocracy and violence, to this peaceful and healthy land, 
where they could dwell togetherasaband of brethren andsisters. 

The farming land was fenced in one field, and the people 
were counseled to select their land as nearly together as pos- 
sible. Care was taken to preserve the rights of the people to 
the water for irrigation purposes; and one of the first grants 
of a right to erect a saw mill was given to Brothers Archibald 
and Robert Gardner, on Mill Creek, with the provision that 
water for irrigation purposes should not be interfered with. 
To many of our readers it may be interesting to know what 
portion of the valley was first fenced. On the north, the line 
offence commenced at a steep point in the bluffs just south 
of the Warm Springs — a little east and south of the present 
Bath House — and ran directly from there to the north-west 
corner of the Fort; it then started from the southeast corner of 
the Fort and bore east to some distance beyond Mill Creek, 
and then east to the bluffs at the foot of the mountains. The 
whole length of the line fenced, besides the Fort, was 3,638 
rods, or nearly twelve miles. The land designed for agriculture 
extended from the north fork of City Creek — which at that 
time ran through the Temple Block and through what is now 
known as the 17th and 16th Wards — to one mile south of Mill 
Creek; on the east it was bounded by the bench and on the 
west by the east line of the Fort. In this space there were 5, 
133 acres taken for tilling. At the beginning of March, 872 
acres were sown with Winter wheat, much of which was up and 
looking thrifty at that time. The balance of the land, about 
4,260 acres was designed for Spring and Summer crops. The 
plows were kept busily running every month through the 
Winter, the weather being so mild during at least a portion of 
each month, that the land could be broken up. This was a 
great advantage to the people in putting in crops. In March, 
1848, the population of the city was reported at 1,671 and the 
number of houses 423. 

A number of persons among whom were 0. P. Rockwell, 
E. K. Fuller and A. A. Lathrop, went to California in the 
month ol November, 1847, from the valley to procure wheat, 
cows, beeves, etc. In May the two last named returned. They 
bought two hundred head of cows at $6 per head, with which 
they started from California, but lost forty head that ran 
back to California from the Mohave. They were ninty days 
on the homeward trip. Bro. 0. P. Rockwell returned to the 
valley iu company with Captain Davis and some members of 
the Battalion, early in July. 



Our Walk to Heaven. — I see, when I have but a short 
journey to travel, I am quickly at home, soon out of the pain 
of my travel, soon into the possession of my rest. If my life 
be but my walk, and heaven my home, why should I desire a 
long journey? Indeed, knowing my home so pleasant, I 
would not be weary with a long walk, but yet the shorter my 
journey the sooner my rest. 

Warwick. 



us<8$ 



m 




90 



J-TJ^TESISriLE IlsrSTBTJOTOE, 







SUTTEE WORSHIP. 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 




[Continued from page 77.) 
"\T f HILE in Manicpatna, I was informed of isolated cases 

** of suttee that were practiced in the vicinity, in spots 
secluded from the eyes of the East India Company's officers 
and other Europeans. I will devote this chapter to giving 
my young readers a partial idea of the suttee as described 
to the writer by parties who had seen it performed. I will 
also refer to other human sacrifices that used to be prevalent 
in that "sacred" land. The suttee worship of India, as repre- 
sented in the accompanying picture, has ofttimes been thrown 
into the teeth ot the Latter-day Saints by our would-be wise 
legislative, judicial 
and priestly offi- 
cials, "who use their 
influence to make 
the populace be- 
lieve that the doc- 
trine of celestial 
marriage, which is 
incorporated as a 
part of our relig- 
ious faith, was a 
twin sister of the 
suttee of the Hin- 
doos. The fact 
is apparent that 
none of these 
would-be wise men 
nor the masses of 
the people know 
much about either. 

When the con- 
trol and govern- 
ment of India fell 
into the hands of 
the East India 
Company, they 
found many inhuman practices and bodily mortifications incor- 
porated in the Hindoo religion which were revolting to the 
instincts and education of the Anglo-Saxons. Children were 
sacrificed by being thrown into the sacred Ganges to be eaten 
by crocodiles. At the annual festival of Juggernaut, when 
the excitement was worked up to a white heat, one or two 
individuals would voluntarily cast themselves under the wheels 
of the ponderous car. An occasional Brahmin would make 
a vow to commit suicide by surfeit; that is, he would cram 
cooked rice into his stomach after which he would be shaken 
up to settle what he had eaten, and then continue stuffing 
himself until he expired. Others would drown themselves in 
sacred rivers, as I have already referred to in a former chap- 
ter. However, in all the self-immolations of the Hindoos, 
there are more suicides committed in one month in the United 
States, in a population of fifty millions, than there are lives 
sacrificed to all the gods of the Hindoo pantheon in one year, 
among a population of one hundred and seventy-five millions 
of Hindoos. But none of these human sacrifices excited 




the attention and sympathy of the Europeans more than the 
burning of wives on the funeral pile of their deceased hus- 
bands. The word suttee, which means "a virtuous wife," is 
from the Sanscrit. The funeral pile is called a koor. It is 
formed by an excavation made in the ground, of a circular 
form, and staved with dry wood and resinous substances, the 
whole of which extends above the surface of the ground, hav- 
ing a vent to give it draft. The body of the deceased is 
placed on the pile. When the fire is under way, the victim 
walks around the koor. A few Brahmins are in attendance 
chanting ditties and giving encouragement by holding up 
to her drooping spirit the delightful prospects ahead. At 
the proper time she leaps into the burning pile and is con- 
sumed with her husband. These men represented in the 
illustration, armed with cimeters, are to prevent her escape, 
providing she feels to shrink from the appaling ordeal, which 
they often do, and are thrust on to the pile by force. It is a 
religious practice of the Hindoos to have their dead cremated, 
if circumstances will permit. The poor, who are not able to 

furnish sufficient 
wood to consume 
their dead, will 
singe them, and 
afterwards throw 
the remains into 
some sacred stream , 
which accounts for 
the many dead 
bodies that are to 
be seen floating on 
the rivers of In- 
dia. It often oc- 
curs that the hus- 
band dies from 
home, and is cre- 
mated where the 
demise occurred. 
In such cases the 
faithful wife, ac- 
cording to the pu- 
ranias, whose vir- 
tuous acts and 
thoughts have been 
devoted to her hus- 
band and dreading 
the danger of separation, is burned alone with her husband's 
sandals. Menu, the ancient Hindoo legislator, is silent on 
the suttee and other sanguinary rites. It is supposed that the 
suttee and other human sacrifices were borrowed from wild 
tribes who resided on the borders of India. There was another 
practice among the Hindoos: When oppressed, and their 
substance extorted from them by their rulers, the Brahmins 
would erect a koor, upon the top of which was placed a cow, 
or an old woman. If the oppressor did not relent, the koor 
was fired and the victim consumed. This sacrifice served as 
a testimony which would entangle their oppressor in unfath- 
omable guilt. The daughters of the Hindoos, when the suttee 
was in vogue, had instilled into their minds the noble virtues 
that were ascribed to this self-immolation which inspired 
many to face this burning ordeal. ( )ne of their ancient codes 
state, "The wife who commits herself to the flames with her 
husband's corpse shall equal Arundhati, and reside in Swarga 
as many years as there are hairs on the human body, (or 
thirty-five million, as they say). As the snake-catcher foicibly 





J" TT "VEIN" I LIE IIN"STIE^TJCTOIE^, 



91 




drags the serpent from the earth, so, bearing her husband 
from hell, with him she shall enjoy the delights of heaven 
while fourteen Indras reign. If her husband had killed a 
Brahmana, broken the ties of gratitude, or murdered his 
friend, she expiates the crime." The foregoing is intended 
to encourage suttee by the bestowal of great blessings, while, 
on the other hand, if she refused she would not attain beati- 
fication, and, of necessity, would be obliged to pass through 
three transmigrations, and, being reborn, would spring to 
life again in some female animal. 

Much of the Hindoo mythology is very inconsistent and 
contradictory. Io one text the widow has no other alternative 
but to yield herself to the funeral pile; "again, it is stated, if 
not willing, she may choose to live a virtuous and pure life, 
mortifying her body and denying herself the pleasures of 
dress. She must not sleep on a bed and also restrict herself 
to one meal a day of the poorest kind of food. 

Let it be said of the English nation that she has prudently 
suppressed thugism and human sacrifices in India; but as far 
as pilgrimages, mortifications, plural marriages and other 
religious rites practiced among the Hindoos and others, she 
has not interfered with, nor deprived its partizans of the 
free exercise thereof. 

Now, having briefly described the suttee, can any of my 
readers perceive any family resemblance between the suttee of 
the Hindoos, and the everlasting covenant of marriage as 
practiced by the Latter-day Saints? On the one hand, the 
suttee tears the widow from her friends, relatives and children 
to encounter a cruel and excruciating death; while, on the 
other hand, the daughters of this people, with their own 
volition and sanction of parents, brothers, sisters and friends, 
become the honored wives of God-fearing and virtuous men, 
the husbands of their choice. This honored and exalted con- 
dition enables them to become worthy mothers of an intellect- 
ual and healthy offspring that, in time, will build up states, 
fill cities, schools, churches and even heaven, hence, there is 
a vast difference between the suttee of the Hindoos and celes- 
tial marriage. The one takes life, the other perpetuates it. 
The characters who place plural marriage, as practiced by the 
sanction of heaven, on a par with Hindoo suttee, will ere long 
pass into oblivion. 

Anain, professed Christians will compare our marriage insti- 
tutions with the polygamy of the idolatrous nations of the 
east. The writer has associated with and seen the operations 
of both classes, and can truthfully state that there is as much 
difference between the two systems as there is between the 
ghastly, lifeless carcass of modern Christianity and the living 
gospel of the Son of God. 



A MANIFESTATION OF GOD'S 

POWER THROUGH FASTING 

AND PRAYER. 



BY RUTH W. TYLER. 



ABOUT the year 1835, in Kirtland, Geauga County, Ohio, 
I became acquainted with a family, one male member of 
which, named Joseph Hunting, had been a raving maniac for 
sixteen years. Brother Smith, the fathor of the Pophet Joseph, 
said the spirits that had possession of him were those that came 



out only through fasting and prayer. This unfortunate man was 
chained down in a barn, and had been raving for some time. 
Once, when some persons went in to see him, he said, "I have 
got Joe Smith in one corner and the devil in the other, and 
am trying to get them together, but cannot do so." What 
seemed most strange was that he knew nothing about the 
Prophet Joseph, except that which he learned from the spir- 
its he was possessed with. It was finally decided by several 
persons to fast and pray for this individual, under the direc- 
tion of the Patriarch, Father Smith. The family was called 
upon to covenant to keep the commandments of God, especially 
the Word of Wisdom. A few friends of the family were 
invited to join them, among which number I was one. 

We met at the house of the family above mentioned every 
morning. Those holding the Holy Priesthood then went and 
administered to the afflicted one. This was kept up for five 
days, during which time those engaged in the ceremony only 
ate once each day, by direction of Father Smith. When the 
Elders went in and administered to him the last time, his 
strength left him, as did also the evil Spirits, and he wept like 
a child. His chains were removed and because of his weak- 
ness it took two men to lead him into, the house. You, dear 
reader, can better imagine than I can describe the humility 
and gratitude we all felt in seeing this maniac, who had been 
a terror to the neighborhood, relieved in this manner. His 
relatives felt to thank the Lord with all their hearts, and there 
was not a dry eye in the house where this miracle was per- 
formed. 

The man was shaved and dressed, although he had to rest 
several times while they were performing these duties for 
him. His dress, for sixteen years, had consisted of a long, 
strong linen frock reaching from his neck to his feet. Some 
light food was given to him and he went to bed. All remained 
with him that night, during which he awoke once and appeared 
a little wild, but when administered to he quieted down and 
was simple and child-like, but harmless. He gradually 
increased in strength and was soon able to perform manual 
labor. He frequently went with his mother to meeting in the 
Kirtland Temple. 

But, alas ! After a time the family began to indulge in 
those things they had covenanted not to touch, thereby becom- 
ing covenant-breakers, and Satan took advantage of this and 
again entered the body of Joseph Hunting. The family also, 
after a time became indifferent to their holy religion and apos- 
tatized, and the man who had been so miraculously healed, 
died a raving maniac. 

We think this incident should stimulate us to keep our cov- 
enants, live humble and receive the blessings promised to the 
faithful. 



"( )H," said a little girl, bursting into tears upon hearing of 
the death of a playmate, "I did not know that was the last 
time I had to speak kindly to Amy." 

The last time they were together, she had spoken crossly to 
her, and she thought of that last cross word, which now lay 
heavy on her heart. 

Speak kindly to your brothers, and sisters, and schoolfellows 
when you arc speaking to them, lest it may be the last time 
you will have the opportunity. Cross words are very sorrow- 
ful to think. "Little children, love one another." 



m 




ia>®*- 



92 



CTTT^nEIN'XXjIE IUSTBTJCTOE. 




EASY SCIENCE LESSONS. 



BY SUNNY. 



LESSON II. 




MY readers will remember, no doubt, the three last sciences 
mentioned in our first lesson, and their significations. 
Remembering, then, what chemistry is we will proceed with 
the lesson at once. 

Should a piece of iron be thrown into the air, it would fall to the 
ground by the action of gravity upon it, and the iron remains iron 
still, with no change in its properties ; should heat be applied, 
no permanent change takes place. Then neither gravity nor 
heat has changed iron into anything else, nor effected any of 
its properties. But expose iron to moist atmosphere for some 
time, and a change does take place — a permanent change in 
color and other properties — a new, brittle substance of a red- 
dish color has been produced by the union of the oxygen gas 
of the atmosphere with the metal, iron. This new substance 
is known to you as rust, and all are more or less familiar with 
it, knowing that it differs from iron in nearly all its properties ; 
it likewise differs from oxygen. 

This gas, oxygen, under certain conditions, will unite with 
another gas hydrogen, and the gasses united form water — a new 
substance very much unlike either of the gasses. The water 
thus formed, or any water, may be separated, the hydrogen 
taken Jroni the oxygen and instead of the liquid water, we 
have the two gasses again. Such permanent or radical 
changes of the properties of bodies are termed chemical 
changes ; and therefrom we may easily deduce a simple defini- 
tion of chemistry : A science which treats of laws governing 
the union of two or more substances to form a third, differing 
in properties to either or any of its constituents ; and the 
separation of compound substances into elementary sub- 
stances; with a thorough description of those properties 
belonging to the composed and decomposed bodies. 

Substances like rust and water, which can be resolved into 
something simpler, are compound ; while those, such as hydro- 
gen, oxygen and iron, which cannot be broken up into simple 
bodies, are called elements. 

Of the elements only sixty-four are known ; the compounds 
are very many indeed ; in fact, all substances, excepting the 
sixty-four, belong to this class. 

However, an element is not to be understood as being abso- 
lutely simple, or containing only one kind of matter; but as a 
substance that has resisted all efforts to decompose it. Pro- 
bably some of the now-called elements are really not elements; 
we are not positve, yet we say with some degree of certainty 
that they are such. 

Deserving of notice is the fact that most of the metals are 
elements; chemically speakiog, all are; but substances which 
chemists recognize as metals, perhaps would not be so consid- 
ered by us. However, there are quite a number of excep- 
tions, some of which present themselves to my mind just now, 
such as bronze and braes; the former being a mixture of cop- 
per and tin, the latter of copper and zinc. Bronze may be, 
and often is, composed of several metals. German silver is a 
mixture of nickle, zinc and copper. Bell and gun metals, 
pewter, and the like, are other examples of what may be 
called compound metals. They are simply alloys of metals. 

The elements are divided into two great divisions: the 
metallic and non-metallic bodies; the metals being greatly in 



the majority, the non-metals not exceeding sixteen in number. 
With few exceptions, I suppose you all could distinguish a 
metal by its properties; but I also suppose you will be 
amazed on hearing the assertion that there is a liquid metal, 
mercury, more commonly known as quick-silver; and more 
wonderful still is it, that hydrogen gas (one of the elements 
of water) is also a metal. There are two metals, which, if 
thrown upon water, will take fire and burn up ; they are 
sodium and potassium. 

"What curious things metals must be," I imagine some 
one says. Yes, they are curious. 

As a matter of reference the following list of the most com- 
mon metals is appended : Gold, silver, lead, iron, tin, copper, 
zinc, nickle, platinum, calcium, hydrogen, sodium, mercury, 
barium, magnesium, aluminum, potassium, manganese, 
chromium and strontium. 

Chemists or scientists determine metals by these proper- 
ties: their metallic lustre, maleability, ductility, and their 
power of conducting heat and electricity. 



THE MAELSTROM 



NORWAY is a grandly picturesque country as viewed in its 
inland sublimity, and it is certainly not less so on the coast 
and in its outlook towards the sea. The coast consists for the 
most part of bold, precipitous cliffs ; and it is remarkable both 
for the multitude of islands with which it is lined and the bays 
or fiords which cut deeply into it in all directions, as well as 
for the great ocean- wave which is dashed upon its shores. It 
is upon the north-west coast of Norway that the Maelstrom 
raves and fumes and thunders for evermore. 

Some travelers and voyagers have in recent years classed 
this famous whirlpool with the sea-serpent, the kraken, and 
such-like wonderful unrealities. They have never seen it — 
that is enough ; and therefore they won't believe in its exist- 
ence. They have even inquired for it, and none could tell 
them of its whereabouts. The inquiries must have been some- 
what careless, and the searches anything but minute ; for the 
dangerous Maelstrom is to be found in its proper place as 
surely as the Straits of Dover, which separate England from 
France, may be seen in theirs. 

The dangerous current and so-called whirlpool of the Mael- 
strom is immediately south-west of Moskenfoe, the most 
southerly of the Lofoden Isles, in lat. 67 deg. 48 min. N, 
and long. 12 deg. E. It generally presents the appearance of 
a rapid current, which runs alternately six hours from north to 
south aud six hours from south to north, producing immense 
whirls. The best view of the extraordinary scene is from the 
top of the mountain Helseggen, or the Cloudy, which is in the 
dreary district of Lofoden. Seawards there is a wide expanse 
of ocean, whose waters seem black as ink. To the right and 
left there are long lines of black and beetling cliff like ramparts, 
against which the white and fierce surf strikes, and howls, and 
shrieks incessantly. At a distance of five or six miles out at 
sea there is visible a small black-looking island, and about two 
miles nearer is another of smaller size, hideously barren and 
craggy, and surrounded by clusters here and there of dark 
rocks. The island in the distance is called Vurrgh by the Nor- 
wegians. The one midway is Moskensoe. The appearance of 
the sea between these islands, and between them both and the 
shore, is strikingly peculiar. 

Suppose the observer to have ascended the mountain from 
such a point as will give him a sudden view of the sea. The 





J-TJ^7"E3SriLE IlsrSTBTJCTOB. 



93 




grandeur of the sight overwhelms him, and he becomes aware 
of a loud and gradually increasing sound like the moaning of 
a vast herd of buffaloes upon an American prairie, and at the 
same time observes what sailors call the "chopping" character 
of the sea, which rapidly changes into a current. Very 
quickly this current acquires monstrous velocity ; every moment 
adds to its speed, and in five minutes the whole sea as far as 
Vurrgh is lashed into ungovernable fury ; but it is between 
Moskensoe and the coast that the main uproar holds its sway. 
Here the vast bed of the waters, seamed and scarred into a 
thousand conflicting channels, bursts suddenly iuto frenzied 
convulsion — heaving, boiling, hissing, gyrating in prodigious 
and innumerable vortices, and all whisking and plunging 
onward with a rapidity which water never elsewhere assumes, 
except in precipitous descents. 

In a few minutes more there is another remarkable change. 
The general surface becomes smoother, and the whirlpools one 
by one disappear, while immense streaks of foam appear, 
which spread out to a great distance, and, entering into com- 
binations, take unto themselves the gyratory motion. The 
center of the great funnel, meanwhile, is jet-black water, going 
round and round in an extraordinary eddy, and the noise — half 
-shriek, half-roar — is such as not even Niagara ever utters. 
This commotion shakes the very hills. ''The waters" of the 
sea "roar and are troubled, and the mountains shake with the 
swelling thereof. ' ' 

The intervals of comparative quiet are only at the ebb and 
flow of the tide. When the sea is boisterous, it is dangerous 
to come within a Norway mile of this tremendous caldron. 
Much fable has been written in connection with it ; but truth 
and fact are more than sufficient to show the hazard of coming 
within reach of its Titanic forces. Happily, the sea-traffic on 
this part of the Norwegian coast is scanty : but boats and 
yachts, and even ships, have been destroyed by coming within 
its reach. Whales sometimes venture too near, and are over- 
powered by its violence. It is attested that a baar once 
attempted to swim across, and its piteous roaring was pain- 
fully distinct even on shore. 

A number of years ago, three brothers, fishermen, were 
accustomed to pass the Maelstrom to a peculiarly rich fishing- 
ground. They were the only men of their class who would 
venture. They studied the state of the tide, and for many 
years escaped. But on one occasion they miscalculated their 
time and were caught in the eddy. One of the three was 
soon swept overboard ; one of the other two laid himself flat 
on the deck of the smack, and planted his feet firmly against 
the narrow gunwale, while be held on by a ring. The other 
lashed himself to a water cask. The two could have no com- 
munication, and their little smack was whirled round and round 
with great velocity, sloping on the waters sometimes at an angle 
of forty-five degrees. The brother at the cask, seeing that round 
objects were not carried down as were others of a different 
shape, undid his cask, fastened himself to it and to a spar, and 
threw himself overboard. He never saw his brother more. 
His last sight of the smack showed it careering round the 
whirlpool. With his cask this adventurous man was thrown 
outside the eddy, drifted into smoother water, aud was saved by 
some of his fisher neighbors. Bnt they did not know him. 
His raven locks were in this one night changed into a white- 
ness like that of snow, and the expression of his countenance 
was totally altered. 

The dangers of the Maelstrom do not arise from its 
unfathomable depth, as some have imagined, but from the 
force of conflicting currents. The Norwegians call the whirl- 



pool Moskoestrom, from the name of the adjoining island. 
Maelstrom simply means a whirlpool. The depth is supposed 
to vary from sixteen to forty fathoms, and, the bottom being 
rocky, everything that reaches it is either broken in pieces or 
greatly abraded. The marvelous stories as to the number of 
whales which have perished here are to be accounted for by 
the fact that close by there is a narrow inlet to the shore, 
which is at first extremely deep, but which rapidly shallows. 
The whale requires much room to turn in, and such room not 
being available in this inlet, the creature perishes. A number 
of years since, a male fish was fast entangled in it; before the 
sun was set he was followed by his mate, who shared his 
imprisonment and death. They were both enormous fish. 
They lived about eight days in this natural trap, and like many 
of their kind before and since, became the prize of the farmer 
upon whose shore they had grounded. 

Selected. 



INTERESTING INCIDENTS. 



FROM THE JOURNALS OP MISSIONARIES. 



ELDER E. STEVENSON, at present laboring as a mis- 
sionary in Canada, thus writes concerning the experience of 
himself and companion, Brother G. W. Beckstead, on the 
third day of this year : 

"A man named Peter Bowden, with whom we had been 
stopping for several days, proffered to take us a part of the way 
on the journey we had to perform. We accepted his kind 
offer and together proceeded on our journey, but we soon dis- 
covered that we would be compelled to work our way through, 
as the snow had fallen to the depth of three feet on the level 
and at least six feet in drifts. Finally, after considerable 
exertion and by walking about half the way through the snow, we 
placed four miles behind us. Arriving here Mr. Bowden 
introduced us to an aged friend of his who promised to con- 
vey us quite a distance on our road. Shortly after starting, 
however, this man, who was eighty-two years old, learned 
from our conversation who we were. His uneasiness there- 
after was quite apparent, and, before proceeding far, he got 
us out of his vehicle, saying that he had an errand to do and 
would again call for us in a few minutes. But when the mail 
came up, we learned that our uneasy friend had proceeded on 
his journey and left us to get along the best way we could. 
We then engaged passage with the mail, but during the eight 
miles of our journey with that conveyance (a one-horse cutter), 
we had to walk part of the time and hold the sleigh to keep 
it from capsizing. At the end of the eight miles the drifts 
became so bad that the mail left us. We then engaged a man 
with a two-horse sleigh to take us three miles to our destina- 
tion, but after going a mile, and charging us a dollar therefor, 
he also turned back. We thus had no alternative but to walk 
the other two miles, which we did with great exertion in two 
hours. The weather was intensely cold and we had our ears 
slightly frozen ; but in this neighborhood at least live persons 
froze to death on that evening, one of these being an aged 
woman, who froze stiff in an old house where sho had been 
living. 

"We are holding meetings at every opportunity, but there _ 
is a great indifference on the part of the people in regard to 





recsiving the gospel. We will, however, bear our testimony 
and leave the result with the Lord." 



"While laboring in Switzerland, in 1854," Elder George 
Mayer, of Spanish Fork, relates, "I had a very interesting 
though unpleasant experience: 

"One day a polite, well-dressed man entered the place at 
which I was living in Zurich and questioned me in regard to 
my religion asking at the same time if I was a 'Mormon.' 
To the latter question 1 gave an affirmative answer, and in 
replying to the former I endeavored to explain the principles 
of the gospel. When speaking of the signs that were to fol- 
low believers, he suddenly said, 'These signs are no longer 
necessary; still, there is a poison spring near at hand, and 
if you will drink of its water and thereafter live, I will 
become a Mormon.' This, of course, I refused to do, 
explaining at the same time that to tempt the Lord was a 
great sin. 

"He then began to rail and blaspheme in such a manner as 
to immediately arouse me, and 1 rebuked him in the name of 
the Lord Jesus. With that his blasphemy ceased and he 
became so helpless that he fell over a chair. When somewhat 
recovered he affirmed that I had struck him, and further 
added, 'I will not write anything against you, but I will do 
something for you. ' 

"I was soon taken by the police and confined in jail on half 
rations with four culprits, to whom I preached the gospel. 
Before three days had passed, however, I was placed in a 
room by myself and a pitcher of water was given me. Being 
very thirsty 1 took a drink from the pitcher, but had scarcely 
done so before a deathly pain took me all through my intes- 
tines, and I felt that they had purposely placed me in a lone 
room to kill me with poisoned water. My prayers ascended 
to God for His blessing, and, although the pain was most 
excruciating, my life was spared. 

"The next morning I was visited by the jailor, who, judg- 
ing from his actions and looks, was surprised to see me alive. 
I began to clean my apartment, as it was a prison regulation 
for each one confined to keep his room free from all dirt, but 
the jailor interfered and insisted on performing my duties. 
Thereafter I was treated with the greatest kindness by the 
jailor and his family. 

"After being in prison for some time my friends got the 
services of an able lawyer and the American consul enlisted 
in my behalf, and my release was thus effected. When free 
I proceeded some little distance along the shore of Zurich lake 
and remained with a family by the name of Alickers. All the 
members of this family, which was quite large, I baptized 
during my stay. After six days I returned to Zurich, but was 
arrested before being in the city fifteen minutes. On arriving 
at the prison and being seen by the jailor, he exclaimed. 'Oh, 
my God, why have you brought that man again!' After 
spending the night within those gloomy walls I was trans- 
ported to a distance of ten miles outside of the canton, and 
there released. 

"I had, however, been appointed, by my superior, Brother 
Daniel Tyler, to accompany some emigrating Saints to Zion. 
I, therefore, returned, through a terrific snow-storm that was 
then raging, to Zurich and quietly made all necessary prepar- 
ations for my journey. By cautious movements and with the 
help of the Lord I managed to remain concealed from my 
enemies, and at the set lime left Switzerland for the home of 
the Saints." 



THE ENGINEERING TOAD. 



BY S. F. ATWOOD. 



HOWEVER much may have been written or said, about 
the intelligence of the brute creation, there are but few 
circumstances, if any, to my knowledge that will surpass the 
planning and executive ability, as I witnessed it, of the much 
despised toad. I had at various times seen toads in unwalled 
cellars and other similar holes in the ground and afterwards 
found that they had made their escape from their prison with- 
out knowing how they had accomplished it until the problem 
was solved to my satisfaction in the following manner : 

In the Fall of 1865, while working at my trade as a mason, 
I had a job to wall up a cellar in the Twelfth Ward, Salt Lake 
City, which had been dug a few weeks before. When I 
arrived at the cellar I noticed at the north end and near the 
base of the bank about a dozen toads clustered together 
around a hole and a quantity of loose dirt in front of it. I 
found on measuring the cellar that it was not long enough by 
about one foot and as the laborer had not arrived, I took the 
pick myself and began to dig under and to cave off the bank 
to enlarge the cellar at the end where I had seen the toads 
when I first arrived. 

When I struck the pick into the top of the bank over the 
hole before mentioned, the dirt caved off nearly or quite 
perpendicular from top to bottom, exposing to view a toad 
quite emaciated within about eight inches from the top of the 
ground. He was resting in a recess just large enough for him 
and a hole reached from there to the bottom with similar 
recesses about eight inches apart by the side of the hole 
which was itself about eight inches in from the face of the 
bank and so near perpendicular that the hole above each 
recess was directly over the hole below. Thus the 
dirt when loosened by the toad would fall to the 
bottom where it had evidently been cleared out by the 
toads in the cellar. From one recess to the other was what I 
supposed to be a day's work for the toad. The recesses were 
doubtless for him to sleep and rest in, and, judging by his 
looks, he had been laboring for several days without food, in 
order to work the way out for his own and associates' deliver- 
ance. With a little reflection and looking at the situation of 
things it appeared plain to me that the toads had held a coun- 
cil wherein they had matured the plans for their escape and 
had selected the toad found in the recess to dig the way out 
whereby they could all gain their freedom. Those in the 
cellar had doubtless anxiously watched the progress of the work 
each day. 

As I had interfered with their arrangements I carefully 
placed all of them on the outside of the cellar, with a higher 
estimation within me of the intelligence and engineering abil- 
ity of the toad. 1 thought, too, that man, who is the noblest 
work of God, to whom He gave "dominion over the fish of 
the sea, the fowl of the air and over every living thing that 
moveth upon the earth," would be held accountable to that 
Supreme Being how he used or abused those creations placed 
under him. Man should be careful to observe the sixth com- 
mandment, "Thou shalt not kill," for the Prophet Joseph has 
said that to kill anything unnecessarily was a sin, and man 
would be held accountable to God for so doing. 



A CIVIL denial is better than a rude grant. 






CTTJ^EITILE I^STETJOTOR. 




A DREAM. 



BY C. V. S. 



I WISH to add one more testimony to the truth of direct 
manifestations by dreams. 

In the Fall of 1861, I was called upon to furnish a team 
outfit for "Dixie." I was not very flush in means and secured 
a yoke of oxen and a wagon on credit, which I started off for 
the southern country. As the time approached for me to pay 
for it I was still more embarrassed, and myself and family were 
quite exercised about it and made it a subject of prayer. One 
night, after retiring, I saw in my sleep the oxen and wagon 
coming down the Bingham canyon with a load of wood as 
plainly as I ever had seen them when awake. 

I was intending to send my mules and hired man the next 
morning to plow my farm, but when I arose I told the hired 
man my dream and sent him to borrow a saddle, and, after 
breakfast, we both started to hunt for my outfit which I could 
not now believe was on the way south. We rode until noon and 
came home to lunch. The hired man finished eating first and went 
to the barn. When I went out he was just about to hitch the 
mules on a wagon to go down to the farm and plow, saying, "I 
thought you had chased a dream long enough, and I would go 
and plow till late and you would not lose much." 

I told him to take off the harness and I would prove to him 
that the dreams of the Saints amounted to something. We 
started out again on our search. About half past three, p. m. 
I noticed a sloping-roofed shed with the front shut up close 
with new boards. And on stopping our niulf s I saw the end 
of a wagon-tongue sticking out from under the bottom board. 
I alighted and went around to the back part of the shed, got 
in and found my wagon that I had sent to "Dixie." 1 took 
it home and the next day had the man, in whose charge the 
outfit was placed, before Bishop E. D. Woolley. The result 
was that 1 received my oxen and the entire outfit as I furnished 
it for Dixie. It was proven that it had been hauling wood 
from Bingham just as I saw it in my dream. At the close of 
the investigation I asked the Bishop what I should do with 
the outfit, he replied, "You do as you like with it." With it 
I paid my debts and was relieved of my anxiety, and my prayer 
was answered. 



'THE NICKEL FUND." 



Logan Temple Office, Feb. 29th, 1884. 

Editor Juvenile Instructor: — 

We wrote the Deseret News and other 
papers some time ago in regard to the "Widow's Mite;" now 
comes, neither the last nor the least, "The Nickel Fund." 

The subject of these few lines may seem rather insignificant, 
but as 

"Little drops of water, and little grains of sand, 
Make the mighty ocean, and the bounteous land," 

so in this case the fund in question has grown to the magni- 
tude of upwards of $2,300. The origin and history of the 
fund is as follows : 



Shortly after the organization of Cache Valley Stake of 
Zion, in 1877, under the presidency of Elder Moses Thatcher. 
He was moved upon to inaugurate a temple fund among the 
Sunday schools of this Stake, which has proved a success in 
every sense of the term. It has taught the young the great 
principle of temple building, and united their interests with 
those of their parents, by putting their nickels to a better use 
than the purchasing of toys and confectionery. The names 
of several thousand children will be recorded in the archives 
of this temple, which will give them a common interest with 
their parents and guardians. Duiing the period of time the 
temple has been in course of erection, it has beome a common 
phrase, when a child became the possessor of a nickel or dime, 
"Pa," or "Ma," as the case might be, "I shall give it to the 
temple," 

What a beautiful sight, indeed, to have seen so many Sun- 
day school children in each of the Sunday schools of this 
Stake of Zion, upon a Sabbath morning, with the gleam of 
satisfaction upon their countenances, gracefully pay over their 
contributions to the treasurer of their Sunday school for the 
purpose of aiding the temple ! 

The above well illustrates the valuable principle of unity 
which has been achieved by the untiring efforts of the officers 
and members of the several Sabbath schools. 

We contemplate, when the temple is completed, of pub- 
lishing a list of contributions of the several schools of this 
Stake, which, we anticipate, will be a good showing in their 
behalf, giving the youth of the Stake quite an interest in the 
temple, an appreciation of which is well illustrated in the 
following incident : 

When the walls of the temple had reached the square, a 
small boy — a Sunday school scholar — visited the block, and 
desired to go upon the scaffold to look at the building. The 
guard, however had been instructed to keep small children off 
the scaffold, and so informed the boy, who replied that he had 
paid his nickle to the temple and thought he had a right to 
go up and see it. The argument was irresistible and the 
guard allowed him to pass and feast his eyes upon the walls 
and scaffolding of the high building, which he did with great 
complacency. 

Yours Respectfully, 
C. 0. Card, Supt. 



The Sabbath.— Captain Stansbury, the leader of the 
United States surveying expedition to the region of the Salt 
Lake, in his official report to government, bears this testimony 
to the value of the Sabbath: 

"I here beg to record, as the result of my experience 
derived not only from my present journey, but from the 
observation of many years spent in the performance of similar 
duties, that, as a mere pecuniary consideration, apart from all 
higher obligations, it is wise to keep the Sabbath. More work 
can be obtained from both men and animals by its observance 
than where the whole seven days are uninterruptedly devoted 
to labor." 



He that gives good advice builds with one hand ; he that 
gives good counsel and example builds with both ; but he that 
gives good admonition and bad example builds with one hand 
and pulls down with the other. 





96 



J" IT VIE HSf 131 IE I3<rSTBUOTOB. 




SONG- OF THE WORKERS. 



Words by H. W. Naisbitt. 
Moderato con expressione. 



\d 



=t 



-» — *- 



=^- 



:*=*r 



3=S 



I'lUSIC BT J. G. FONES. 



T— J— J 1- 



We are watchers, earnest watchers, For the coming bet - ter day, 



EEI 



4 =^--g- 



fa=2==JL="5==j«=i=£ 



q=|=z=tz=t= 



:t=t 



:i=: 



J l_ : 



5 * 



=t=t 



SE?l3=i=^i=i 



By prophets oft fore- 



=t==t==t===Z 



-^ — S= 



:^=S= 



:J=d= 



#* 



-si— 



-sfr- 



=t 



=n 



=F=3 » — I — q -J— J— ^ =3 



* 



i 



shadowed Mid old 






Israel far a - way; 

ZWfZZZpBZ 



Their beacon fires were lighted by The true, the living 



1=1=: 



:t= 



T 






1- 



:»i=fcq=t = 



iz=fc 



-* -* -m 

j= l — I- 



I- 



:=j: 



:3==q^==^==:a==J3zi- ( Sr==l=====*==:q--^==z^===qrzz: 

-9 — s — * — * — I * — * — * — -i — *- — * — * — i 



-i- 



flame, God's Spir - it prompted 

=| p =t==z! \=3z 



3= 



ev - ry 



one The 

=ta: 



fu - ture 



to 



pro 



:N= 



-ta: 



claim. 
— £2- 



-IS>— 



CHORUS. Cheerfully. 




We are workers, 



earnest workers, 



and 'tis 



a cause we 



zt=t 



:=l= 

:«i= 



love, .... 

-i« -i« -* ■* -* 

=Scz5=====e = 



* 



J 



5E=fcr:*=E£ 






^^ 



:J=^t 



=1 



*E3tII 



Onward, upward is our movement, 

-* -* ■* -0- -m- -t 



^=Jt 



t= 



For 'tis led by God a - bove. 
i* « * 



:fc 



:zlB=:fc=te3B— ^: 



(=■=—, 



-« — « — « — »-d — t — 
t==t=t==t=3=isrd 



love, a cause we love, 



Onward, upward 




We are working, bravely working, 
That the truth we may declare, 

As many bands, yet one in heart, 
We try to do and dare; 

And heaven hath blessed our efforts- 
Hear o'er all this favored land 

That union is the key-note, 

Struck by each unflinching hand. 



-S"— \?~ fc*— V— *— *»- 
is our movement, for 'tis led by God a - bove. 

We are looking, calmly looking 

For a glorious future near, 
For triumph and the vicior's wreath, 

For each brave worker .here. 
Our God is ruling over all, 

His Priesthood pointr the way, 
To Sabbath schools in union move, 

To greet the coming day. 




1852. 1883. 

BAIN WAGON DEPOT. 

HAVING now on hand, for the Season's 
trade of 1883, one of the best selected 
and assorted stock of FARM, FREIGHT & 
SPRING BAIN WAGONS ever offered for 
sale in Utah, I can assure my customers and 
the Pubjic generally I can fill all orders 
promptly. 

I also have a full line of the Celebrated 
OLIVER CHILLED & MOLINE PLOWS 
of all sizes, including Gang, Sulky, Walking 
and Rail Road Plows. 

I am sole agent for the CHAMPION Reap- 
ers, Mowers, and Self-Binders, TIGER Self- 
Operating Sulky Hay Rakes, TRIUMPH 
Force-Feed Grain Drills, the Randall Revolving, 
Pulverizing Dies Harrows, Cultivators, Scra- 
pers, eto., etc., all of which are First Class in 
every particular and sold as low as First Class 
Goods can be sold. 

1 also have a fine stock of finished and rough 
Wagon and Buggy M ater ial, also Hardwood 
Plank — Oak Ash and Hickory — to which I call 
special attention. 

Extras for my Machines and Plows always on 
hand. 

Call or write to 

HOWARD Sebree, 

Salt Lake or Ogden, Utah. 

5-17-t. f. 



THE MORMON BATTALION HISTORY, 
by Daniel Tyler, Esq., has just been pub- 
lished and is for sale at the Juvenile In- 
structor Office. It is a very valuable work, 
interesting not only to those who took part 
in the memorable campaign, upon which it 
principally treats, and the posterity and friends 
of such, but will be equally appreciated by ah 
others who are interested in the history of the 
Latter-Day Saints. Some of the most impor- 
tant events in the history of this people are 
therein detailed in a faithful and graphic man- 
ner, and many facts placed in a new though 
true light. But a small edition has been 
published and those wishing to obtain the 
work, should not delay purchasing. The prices 
are, for cloth binding, $2.50: leather, $3.00; 
morocco gilt, $4,25. 



THE MARTYRS; a Sketch of the Lives and 
a Full Account of the Martyrdom of Jo- 
seph and Hyrum Smith, Together with a Con- 
cise Review of the Most Prominent Incidents 
Connected with the Persecutions of the Saints, 
from the Time the Church was Organized up to 
the Year 1846. By Lyman 0. Littlelield. For 
Sale at this Office, Price 50 eta. 



■DARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HIS- 
TORY, the eighth book of the "Faith-Pro- 
moting Series." is published, and is to be had 
at this Office at 25 cents per copy. Its contents 
are: "Show us a Sign;" "Contest with Evil 
Spirits;" "Early Experience of A. O. Smoot;" 
"Scenes in the British Mission;" "Remarkable 
Healings," and "Philo Dibble's Narrative." 



OUBSCEIBE for the JUVENILE INSTBUC- 

TOE. It is the beat paper published. It is 
the Organ of the young people of the Latter-day 
Saints. It is equally interesting to children and 
grown people. It is adapte to the capacity of 
children, hut there is nothing frivolous about it. 
It does not contain news, but is filled with instruct- 
ive reading matter, as interesting to read at one time 
as another. The first volume published is as interest- 
ing now as when just issued, sixteen years ago. It 
treats upon religion, science, history, biography 
natural history and such other subjects as are 
interesting to Latter-day Saints. It also contains 
beautiful illustrations. 

A Bound volume of the Instructor is one of 
the most useful and interesting Books a person 
can have in his library. 

Subscription price (postage included) 3 months, 50 cts. 

" - - - - six months, - . 1,00. 

".---- one year, - . 2,00. 

Back Volumes, bound singly, - - - in half calf, 2,50. 

" two in one book, - - - - "--__.. 4 75' 

three ""-... in c]otni 7 j 00 ' 

Back Numbers of the present volume can be furnished 

01 Subscriptions can commence with the Current Number if 
preferred. 



XJOOK BINDING, by an experienced 
J-^ workman, in all styles and at the lowest 
rates, at the Juvenile Instructor Office. 

Bring on your magazines and other works for 
binding, and you can depend upon having 

them done promptly, and in any style re- 
quired. 

pHURCH WORKS, in complete Sets, con- 
sisting of the Book of Mormon, Doctrine 
and Covenants, Key to Theology, Voice of 
Warning, Spencer's Letters and Hymn Book, 
all Bound in Morocco, Gilt, extra embossed, 
For sale at this office. Price $13.00 and $13.50. 

/ T*HE Hymns and Anthems which were sung 
-*- at our last Semi- Annual Conference are 
now published in book form, and for sale at 
this office. Price, single copy, 30 cents, post- 
paid. Reductions made to choirs and associa- 
tions. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE 
LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, Published by 
the Deseret Sunday School Union, 10 cents. 

At Juvenile Insturotor Office, 

Salt Lake City. 



DAVID JAMES, Tinner, Gas, Water and 
Steam Fitter. 

Water Pipes Laid to Order. Hose, Iron and 

Lead Pipes, Pumps and Fittings, on hand. 



No. 69 Main Street, ") 

Salt Lake City, Utah. ) 



P. O. Box 30l 
12-15tf 



K-mHERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME!" 

And there are no Boots and Shoes like 
those Made at Home, by Z. C. M. I. Shoe Fac- 
tory, for Comfort, Durability and Cheapness. 
Buy them and try them. Sold at Z. C M. I. 
H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



7IONS CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
Lj INSTITUTION, Salt Lake City.-Our stock 
of Groceries, Hardware, Glassware, Dry Goods, 
Notions, Clothing, Carpets, Wall Paper, etc., is 
very complete. 

Carpets made and laid, and Upholstering done 
in the best style, by experienced and competent 
workmen. 

H. H. Eldredge, riupt. 



DENCIL NOTE BOOKS, suitable to write 
A Minutes of meetings in, or for Students' 
lessons, at 15 ot., and 20 ct.. The best and 
cheapest in the City. Also made to order in 
quantities for dealers with their own names print- 
ed on the cover, and at special rates; also 

DEPORTER'S NOTE BOOKS, on good 
tinted paper, ruled to suit short hand or 
other reporters, 20 cts. each, at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office. 



SUBSCEIBEES who wish to have their papers 
Bound can send or bring them to the Jdvbnile 
Instructor Office, and have them done in any style and 
upon the most reason able terms. 



OXFORD POCKET BIBLE, containing 
marginal references, index, concordance, 
notes on the various books, and other I ^ps to 
the study of the scriptures— the best pocket 
edition of the Bible published, in various styles 
of binding, at $1.50, $1.75, $2.25, $2.75, $3.00, 
$3.10, $3.75, $4.25. For sale at this office. 



"DACK VOLUMES of Juvenile Instructor 
-U completed for subscribers who may be 
lacking any of their numbers, and the volumes 
bound in any style desired, and at the lowest 
price, at this Office. 



MARTIAL BAND MUSIC.-We have for 
sale at this Office the second set of musio 
cards containing two new tunes, for Sunday 
School Martial Bands. They are published by 
the Deseret Sunday School Union, and are sold 
at 50 cts. per set. 



1860. ESTABLISHED 1860. 

DAVID O. (ALDER, 

Salt Lake City, 

Importer, Jobber and Retail Dealer in all 
kinds of MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS and 
MUSICAL MERCHANDISE. 

General Agent for the Celebrated Instruments 
of the following makers of Pianos and Organs : 

MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN CO., 
Whose organs are acknowledged, the world 
over, to be the very best made. Each one of 
the 1,800 sold in this Territory is the strongest 
evidence of their durability and superior excel- 
lence. Several New and Valuable Improvements 
have been added lately to their instruments. 

E. P. CARPENTER ORGANS, 
Are taking the first rank in this and other 
countries. The largest dealers are competing 
for the Agencies. Each one of the 200 lately 
sold by me has given perfect satisfaction. 

W. W. KIMBALL & CO. ORGANS, 
Are splendid medium-priced organs and fully 
warranted. • They exceed anything in the mar- 
ket at the price, and very much superior to 
many at higher prices. 

UPRIGHT & SQUARE PIANOS, 
Of Chickcring & Sons, Steinway & Sons, Hard- 
man, Dowling & Peck, and Behr Bros. & Co. 

These Pianos are certainly the best of their 
class made. 

BRASS AND QUADRILLE BANDS. 

I am now prepared to fill orders for all grades 
of music for Brass aad Orchestral Bands, in- 
struction books for all instruments, how to ar- 
range for orchestras and bands, how to teach 
bands, drum-majoi s guide, etc., Published by 
J. W. Pepper, E. A. Samueb, A. Squires, 
Fischer, and Thompson and Odell, at their 
prices. 

GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 
Organ Instructors. 

White's School, 
Whitney's School, - 
Sudds' School, 

Piano Instructors. 
Sudds' School, 
Gordon's School, 
Bellak's School, 

u l( 

Blake's School, 



Publishers' 
Prices. 

2 50 

2 50 

2 50 

3 25 
3 25 

75 
1 00 

75 
1 00 



Prices. 

1 00 
1 25 
1 35 



Mailed 
Prices. 



50 
50 
45 
50 
40 
45 



American Instructors for all 

Instruments, - 75 50 60 

Winner's Instructors for ;ill 

Instruments, - - 75 30 35 

Song Folio: 208 pages of 

the must Popular Songs, 

with Piano or Organ Ac- 
companiment, - 60 75 
Folio of Music, 208 pages: 

a magnificent collection 

of Music for Organ or 

Piano, - 60 75 

Songs and Ballads: 100 

Songs and Music, new and 

popular, - - - 10 12 

Circulars fully explaining the merits of all 
the above instruments can be had on appli- 
cation. 

Orders from the country shall have careful 

and prompt attention. 



'"THE MYTH OF THE "MANUSCRIPT 
FOUND," or the Absurdities of the 
"Spaulding Story," by Elder George Reynolds, 
Eleventh Book of the "Faith-Promoting 
Skries." Just issued and for sale at this 
Office. Price 25 cents. 

qCRAPS OF . BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth 
^ Book of the "Faith Promoting Series," 
has just been Issued and is For Sale at this 
Office. Price per Copy 25 cents. It contains 
some very Interesting Items from the Journals 
of Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel 
Knight. 



AN INTERESTING WORK.— The Hand 
of Providence, as shown in the History of 
Nations and Individuals, from the Great Apos- 
tasy to the Restoration of the Gospel. An 
illustrated book, containing 215 pages of reading 
matter, written by Elder J. H. Ward. For sale 
at this Office. Price 60 cents. 



OGDEN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., atOgden, 
Weber Co. — A Complete Assortment of 
General Merchandise on hand, at bed rock prices. 
Call and examine Goods and Prices before 
purchasing elsewhere. 

S. W. Sears, Manager. 



PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S 
JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," is now issued. It 
contains an account of his missions to England, 
the introduction of the gospel to that land, and 
many interesting incidents that transpired in 
the early days of the Church. For sale at this 
Office, price 25 cents. 

Z. C. M. I. TANNERY, Salt Lake City, 
Manufactures Harness Leather, Upper 
Leather, Calf Skins, Kip Skins, Buff Upper, 
and Splits, of Superior Quality. For Sale, 
Wholesale and Retail, at Same Prices as the 
Imported. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



ESTABLISHED 1857. 

FURNITURE-— Henry Dinwoodey, whole- 
sale and retail dealer in all kinds of Furni- 
ture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby 
Carriages, etc. 

1238 to 1^ First South Street, Salt Lake 



City, Utah. 



13-15 t. f. 



TirRITINGS FROM THE "WESTERN 

STANDARD," is the title of' a book of 

512 pages, vrhich we have for sale at this Office. 

It is composed of a great variety of interest- 
ing sketches that appeared in the Western 
Standard, a paper published in San Francisco, 
in 1856, by George Q. Cannon. 

Price, bound in half calf, cloth sides, $1.50 



JUST ISSUED. 
O. PRATT'S WORKS. 

In order to Preserve some of the Memorable Writ I 
this Great -and Good Man, we have Printed them in Book 
Form, and will sell this Work of 300 Pages for the Exceed- 
ingly Low Figure of 75 cents per Single Copy. Postpaid. 

THE DTA1VD-BOOK OF 
REFERENCE. 

It gives the History and Chronology of the Church. Des- 
cribes the Religion and Country of the Saints, and contains 
a great variety of Valuable Statistics and Information 
which are of great use to Tourists and Residents. Price, 
Postpaid, 50 cents 



NEW PUBLICATION! 



LTDIA KNIGHT'S HISTORY, 

The First Book of a Series to be Published, 
Entitled: "Noble Women's Lives Series." 
Price, 25 cents. For Sale at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office, Salt Lake City. 



A NEW BOOK— The Life op Nephi, 
■f*- The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from 
Jerusalem, in Judea, to the land which is now 
known as South America, about six centuries 
before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. 
Cannon, of the First Presidency of the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Ninth 
Book of the Faith-Promoting Series. Pub- 
lished and for sale at this Office. Price 25 cents 



Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Drug Department, Salt 
Lake City. -Wholesale and Retail Dealers in 
Drugs, Medicines, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, 
Fancy and Toilet Articles, Soaps, Brushes, 
Sponges, Perfumery, etc. 

Physicians' Prescriptions and Family recipes 
carefully prepared. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt.- 

T OGAN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., at Logan, 
\~i Cache Co., keeps on hand a complete assort- 
ment of General Merchandise, at prices to suit 
the times; also deals in Produce. 

The people of Cache Co. will find it to their 

advantage to call and examine Goods and Prices. 

B. S. Watson, Manager. 



PLURAL MARRIAGE, AS TAUGHT BY 
THE PROPHET JOSEPH. A reply to 
Joseph Smith, Editor of the Lamoni (Iowa) 
"Herald." By Helen Mar Whitney. For sale 
at this Office. Price 10 cts. 



ANEW twenty-four page tract entitled 
Irue versus False Religion, in which 
the principles of the gospel are explained in a 
clear and pleasing manner. It is in the form of 
a dialogue in which a "Mormon" Elder and 
several non-"Mormorns" are the aotors Price 
3 cts each or $3.25 per hundred, post paid 



