^ 




VOL. XV I If. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1883. 



NO. 6. 



A JAPANESE TEA-HOUSE. 



'T^HIS scene is intended to represent a tea-house in Japan. 
-^ In Japan such places serve for the same purpose as 
restaurants or lunch-houses do in this country. 

Tea-houses, such as the one seen in the picture, are very 
common in Japan. They are to be found both in the thickly- 
populated cities and along the highways upon which the 
people travel from one 
town to another. 

The principal and best- 
built road upon the island 
of NiphoD, which is the 
largest of the Japan isles, 
is called the Tocaido. It 
is a smooth, firmly-set 
road, and extends across 
the entire island. Tea- 
houses are placed at 
intervals on this road, 
where travelers, who are 
mostly pedestrians, stop 
for refreshments while on 
their journey. 

The tea is served in 
small cups, with cakes 
and sugar plums as a 
depsert. In first-class tea- 
houses, each individual i.s 
supplied with a small, 
low table, by which be 
seats himself on the 
matted floor to partake of 
his meals. A number of 
girls dres.'cd in jroigeous 
cohtume.', and who are 
very graceful and polite 
in their manners, are in 
attendance. One of thesi; 
kneels by the side of each 
guest, in readioess to 
supply him with a now 
course when ho dohiros. 
The bill of fare usually 
consists of hot tea, vcge- 




^: 



table .soup, raw fish, game, rice prepared in various styles, 
sweetened fruits, confectionery and several other dishes. A 
liquor, distilled from rice, called saki, is oflFered with every 
cour-se, and is served with great cjremony. 

The Japanese are a very industrious people. Their habits of 
patience, frugality and industry could be emulated with profit by 

more enlightened nations. 
The population of the 
i-lands is estimated at 
between forty and fifty 
millions. When we con- 
sider how thickly-popu- 
lated the country must 
be, we are led to wonder 
how it is possible for them 
to produce what is neces- 
sary for their own con- 
sumption. 

Every piece of ground 
in Japan that can be 
utilized is carefully cul- 
tivated. The land is 
divided into small plot.s, 
which arc attended to by 
single families with the 
greatest attention. Even 
if a single wheat or rice 
stalk is bent down by the 
storm it is carefully raised 
and supported in \ts 
place. A law of the 
country requires that, 
whenever a tree is cut 
ilown, another be planted. 
TIk' houses of the 
.lu|ianese are very closely 
pa(kc<l in the cities and 
villages. Most of them 
are built <Tf wood on 
account of the islands 
being subject to frequent 
cnrtliqiiakcs. 

Many of the streets are 



— i«<s; 




^ 



8S 



O-TJ^EISTILE IltTSTia-CrGTOK.. 




so narrow that when a vehicle is passing through them the 
people are obliged to make waj' for it by crowding into the 
houses or alleys on either side. 

Travelers describe the Japanese as being universally a 
patient, docile, amiable and polite people, although they are 
divided into several classes. They have a strong family affec- 
tion, and the children are not neglected. 

These people are said to have lost faith in the religions of 
that country, and are, to a great extent, a nation of doubters. 
The government makes no provision for the support of any 
religious creed. Many of their places of worship are dilapi- 
dated ; and even one of their greatest idols, which they 
formerly worshiped, was offered for sale. 



A BERLIN RAG MERCHANT. 



BT JAQUCEE. 



@. 



^ 



A/'ESTERDAY I took dinner and spent the afternoon with 

-1- a brother in the Church, who obtains a living for himself 
and family in a way which fev/ children in Utah know any- 
thing about, except through what they may have read, or 
through what they may have heard from their parents or 
teachers. I was myself so interested in hearing from him his 
experiences with the world in the battle for existence, that I 
resolved to write out a portion of what I saw and heard for 
the readers of the Instructor. 

By way of introduction I must say that the scene of this 
brother's operations is the city of Berlin, the largest city in 
Germany, of which empire, as well as of the kingdom of 
Prussia, it is the capital. Those of my readers who have 
studied history and geography, will remember that the Ger- 
man empire as it exists to-day, and as it has existed sicce the 
year 1870, is composed of a number of kingdoms, Pru.ssia, 
Saxony, Bavaria and Wurtemberg, together with several 
duchies, smaller principalities, etc., each of which has its ruler 
and is more or less independent as regards its internal policy, 
but all subject to the emperor. In the present instance, 
Wilhelm, king of Prussia, is also emperor, or, as he is here 
called, hiisei- of all Germany. He has sat on the Prussian 
throne since 1830, is in his eighty-sixth year, and celebrated 
his golden wedding some years ago; yet is still healthy and 
hardy enough to go on hunting expeditions, to ride his horse 
during the whole of a long manoeuvre or parade, and attends 
balls and dinners and fashionable watering places as if he 
were a man of thirty, instead of a silver-haired grand-father. 

After thus much of the ruler and his realm, let us take a 
look at the particular one of his subjects with whom we have 
to do in this article. He is a little mite of a man, very 
.slightly built but pretty tough, and possesses a deep, sonorous 
voice, of which a tragedian might well be proud. He, in truth, 
appears a little proud of it him.self, for he shouts almost as 
loudly and as thealrieally when conversing in his little, dark 
sitting-room as if he were addressing an audience of a thou- 
sand persons. He is withal a faithful Latter-day Saint, and, 
I believe, a God-fearing, honest-dealing man in every act, and 
word, and thought of his daily life. 

His wife i^ even smaller than he is, a timid, tiny woman, 
without his power of making herself so widely heard, with a 
decidedly nasal twang and an inclination to commence each 
word with a sound resembling ;/,y. But .she has a good, clear 
head, and a couple of sharp little eyes; and her husband 



1*'?; 



jocularly adds, "every time Gretchen opens her mouth she 
says .something." 

The children are smaller still— but then that is natural 
enough, as they are all quite young. Indeed, when one sees 
the household tumbling up into the street out of their dismal, 
musty cellar, or himself descends into the same, he wonders 
if such creatures really belong to the same race as ourselves, 
and he is sure to be provoked to laughter at their quaint, 
peculiar, dwarfish ways. 

We have now done with the enumeration of the small members 
of the large family, and come, in conclusion, to the member 
which inspires the most terror in, and receives the greatest 
respect from the children of the neighborhood. He is a large, 
lean-bodied dog, which, when not in active sef'vice, or when 
not employed in the harmless recreation of scratching himself, 
gives vent, from an old basket in the corner where he sleeps, 
to a prolonged, asthmatic snore. This worthy, with his harness, 
cost his owner about four dollars originally, since which time a 
like amount has been paid for his license, and a few days ago 
a three dollar fine was imposed and had to be paid, incurred 
through his getting into the street without his muzzle on. 

After this introduction we are on speaking terms with the 
whole household, and can proceed with our inquiries and 
observations. We will, by virtue of intimate acquaintance, 
accompany the father of the family on one of his journeys, 
and notice what he busies himself about, and what are the 
ware.s he deals in. Six o'clock in the morning is the hour for 
starting, pretty early and pretty cold, it is true, in winter 
weather, but our friend is industrious, and all the year round 
commences operations as soon as it is light enough to see. 

After his breakfast, which consists of a cup of strong coffee 
and a thick piece of black bread (the dog meanwhile having 
swallowed a warmed-up hash of the relics of last night's 
supper), the little wagon, which, to prevent its being stolen 
during the night, had been chained to the pump in the back- 
yard, is brought out, "Keno" is hitched up and off we start. 
The vehicle is a small, four-wheeled conveyance, a toy wagon 
we would almost call it, but it is strong enough to carry a 
weight of seven or eight hundred pounds. 

Our first visit is at the shop of a butcher, a dealer in horse- 
meat, whose place of business is festooned with sausages of all 
sizes and shapes, and, we may judge, of all grades of quality, 
though the proprietor assures us that they are "all good." 
Our friend. Brother Niemand, first thoughtfully spreads a 
gunny sack on the cold pavement on which the dog can lie 
down, and then follows us into the .shop. He and the butcher 
have some exciting conversation and some difference of 
opinion as to the "price per pound," but after a short parley, 
the first commercial transaction of the day is effected, and a 
large tubfuU of bones, some of which are not entirely devoid 
of meat, is brought out and emptied into the wagon. The 
purchaser cuts off some of the easier attainable pieces of 
meat and throws them to the dog, and then excuses himself a 
moment to run around the corner into a neighboring shop 
where he hopes to be able to make a similar purcha.se. 

He shortly returns, this time, however, having been unsuc- 
cessful in buying bones, another dealer, and evidently a still 
earlier riser, having been there before him ; but he has 
managed to buy a pair of old boots from the butcher's errand 
boy ; and these, after he holds them up in triumph for our 
inspection, he throws into the wagon with the bones. As he 
journeys along from place to place his eyes wander constantly 
from one side of the street to the other, and he scans closely 
every uncommon-looking article he meets. If a piece of stray 





CTTJ^EIsriLE II^STI?.TJGTOI?.. 




paper meets his gaze, he goes aud gets it; and during a usually 
successful forenoon he will have found, in the course of his 
rambles, paper, old rags, pieces of metal or leather, broken 
glass, etc., etc. He tells us this is all clear profit, for he can 
sell it all. and, of course, what he finds in the street does not 
cost him anything. 

His next call is at the shop of a tailor — but we need not 
make our description of his wanderings as lengthy as the 
journey itself is. We may summarize with the words that he 
visits merchants and cloth-factories, where he purchases all 
fragments ; he calls at offices and from the servant buys all old 
waste paper; and from cooks and waiters he buys broken 
glasses, empty cans, and bottles, and fragments of any and 
every kind, always paying something and generally managing 
to satisfy his patrons. About noon he, if at all fortunate, has 
a pretty good wagon full of as strange a medley of articles as 
you could possibly think of Then he sets his face home- 
wards, and getting himself into a sort of rope harness which 
goes over his shoulders, across his breast, and under his arms, 
he assists his faithful dog in hauling the goods to his place of 
bu.siness. 

Arriving there, we hear how successful his wife has been 
during the morning in purchasing, and she points out two 
pieces of stove pipe, a whole basketfull of bits of glass, two 
dozen whole but very dirty assorted-sized bottles and an old, 
moth-eaten fur coat, which, with several bundles of rags and 
paper, constitute what she calls a pretty good half day's work. 
While at dinner we see through the glass door of the sitting- 
room some one enter the warehouse, and our host jumps up 
to wait on the customer. In a moment he returns, and 
chuckles over the fact that he has just sold the boots which 
he bought early in the day from the butcher's boy, and has 
made thirty cents on the transaction. 

The afternoon is usually a repetition of the forenoon with 
him, but on this occasion, as he says he is not feeling very 
well, and as the weather is quite stormy, he decides to employ 
himself at home with his wife and children. An examination 
of his promises shows a mass of wollen rags in one corner, 
clean, white cotton or linen ones in another, many of thjm 
already packed in sacks, paper in bales and packages and still 
loose, while in a back apartment are the bones, the bottles, 
the glass and such second-hand articles as he expects to sell in 
their present condition. The work of Gretchen and the 
children is to sort the rags out carefully, divide them into 
three or four different clas.sos, and cut off all buttons, or hooks, 
or pieces of metal of any kind. These rags are sold firstly to 
factories where they are used again, more or less mixed with 
wool, to make new cloth of that kind called shoddy; and 
secondly to the paper manufacturers, who also purchase the 
old paper and contrive to make use of even the smallest piece 
of envelope. The broken glass is used in the manu- 
facture of other glass, beer bottles especially, and, of 
course, the whole bottles when woll washed are again ready 
for sale to the distillers, druggists, etc. The bones, which 
are so useless with u.s at home, are here put to a very curious 
use, and he siy.s are one of the best articles he deals in. After 
a .sort of cleansing, which he gives them, he hauls them, of 
whatever kind they may he, tx) the factories where they are 
utilized in the purification of sii;/iir, after which, in the shape 
of dust, they are sacked up and .sold as a valuahlc fertilizer 
for the land. 

At the end of the month he has a clearing out sale, and 
di8po.seg of modt of what he has been accumulating during 
the previous four weeks. Whalcver is brought to him he will 



buy, no matter what it is, for he knows how to make a use of 
the seemingly most useless article ; and, on the other hand, 
when the neighbors need any particular article cheap, they 
always come first to Herr Niemand, to see if he, perchance, 
may have it in stock. Thus, yesterday afternoon, while I 
was there, he disposed of a gimlet, a pair of old scales, a pair 
of pants for a little boy, a stove lid, and an india-rubber boot 
for a one-legged man. 

This is the way one man in Berlin makes his living; but my 
readers must not suppose that he is the only one in the busi- 
ness. On the contrary, there are hundieds in the same 
employment, and some of them have become wealthy through it. 
He assures me that two of the leading "rag merchants" have 
each to pay a yearly tax of over eight hundred dollars, and 
that another one, right in his neighborhood, does so thriving a 
trade as to be assessed in the sum of five hundred dollars per 
annum. 

If we ask our friend how business is, he shrugs his shoulders, 
aind, with a smile, says: "Oh, I can't complain; we have 
enough to eat and to drink and enough to do; what more can 
one ask for? When we have no butter for our bread we eat 
it without, and we seek, through prayer and sincere gratitude 
to God, to obtain His blessing upon all He has given us." 
All people in the world are not so easily satisfied, and perhaps 
some of those who read this article would not be. My object 
will have been accomplished if, through presenting a picture 
of life from the great, wicked world, I can cause those who 
do not appreciate their happy homes and pleasant circum- 
stances — I hope though, that the Instructor has few such 
readers — to cease their complainings, to sen.se their condition 
and to praise, through tongue and deed, our fathers' God and 
ours, who has gathered us from among the nations and planted 
us so tenderly in a home of peace and plenty. 



ITEMS OF EXPERIENCE. 



BY A. M. C. 



( Coiitt'nved from page "0. ) 
"DEFORE the day arrived on which we were to appear 
•*-' before the public, I had written to the sick lady, who 
had expressed a desire to see an Elder of the Church ; 

Brother F had also been to her home, but being influenced 

by her relatives, she both refused to .sec us and to answer my 
note. We, therefore, had no alternative but to leave her 
alone. Shortly afterwards we learned of her death. 

At the time and place appointed for our meeting we found 
a large number of persons awaiting us. The "i^Iormons" 
had already become famous in that region, but to see one was 

.somewhat of a curiosity. Elder F aro.se and with great 

composure delivered an ckjciucnt sermon on the first princi- 
ples of the gospel. 'J"o my great satisfaction he occupied the 
whole of the time with the exception of a few minutes in 
which I bore testimony to the truth of his remarks. 

I had resumed my scat and was mentally rejoicing over our 

success when Elder F aro.se and made an appointment for 

the following Wcilncsday evening. I was so frightened at 
the prospect of another meeting that I pulled at my coui- 
paniou's coat, in the hope of causing him to desist, hut it was 
of no avail. When we were left alone I exprcs.sed uiy fears 
about another meeting, for it seemed to me, with my limited 
experience, ,that Elder F ■ had told all that could be said 




^' 



84: 



J-TJ^EIIDTIXjE IIsrST'I^.TJOTOI^. 



It 





about the gospel in our first meetiug. I ventured to suggest, 
however, as an appointment was made, that we both fast and 
pray, so that the Lord might help us when standing before 
the congregation. This idea did not meet with the approval 
of my friend, for he considered himse'f capable of delivering 
a suitable sermon. 

I occupied mj' time between the two meeting.s in fasting, 
studying and praying, and on the evening appointed went 
tremblingly to the hall. The people had assembled, and some of 
those present seemed determined to create a disturbance. Elder 

F arose, but had scarcely commenced to talk before he was 

interrupted, and on account of jeers and opposition speeches, 
was compelled to cease speaking. I then arose and the Spirit 
led me to chide the assembly because of the ill-manners exhib- 
ited. Quietness was restored and Elder F again attempted 

to speak, but with the same result as before, and, as he took his 
seat the third time, he remarked, ''It's of no use. Brother 

C , for me to attempt to speak; you must occupy the 

time." 

Those who have been in similar positions can probably 
imagine my feelings at that time. But I arose with the 
determination to do my utmost to faithfully represent the 
cause of God, and as I did so, words were placed in my 
mouth, and I occupied the time without experiencing the 
least difficulty. At the close of the meeting many persons 
gathered around me, and congratulations were numerous 
because of the manner in which I defended the gospel. After 
a few moments the crowd began to look around for my com- 
panion, but he was nowhere to be .seen, he having quickly and 
quietly left the hall at the close of the services. 

This little incident taught me a lesson which I shall never 

forget. In the first place the Lord had sent Elder F to 

Hartford in answer to my prayer, and had assisted him to 
deliver a most powerful discourse; but the second meeting 
this Elder, feeling confident of his own abilities, was discom- 
fited, and God helped me, an inexperienced youth, to repre- 
sent His cause. Thus did I learn to always depend on the 
Lord when called upon to speak, and never to think that my own 
wisdom would be sufiicient to enable me to explain the doc- 
trines of Christ. 

A short time after the events related above had transpired, 
myself and companion went to Philadelphia to attend a con- 
ference of the mission. During this conference a Priesthood 
meeting was held in which it was decided by President Taylor 
that I should return and labor alone in Connecticut. I 
accordingly returned in a few days to that state, and had 
scarcely arrived there before an invitation to preach in a 
school-house was given me. I promised to fill an appoint- 
ment to .speak. An evening was therefore named and word 
was sent to the people of the neighborhood. At the set 
time a large congregation had assembled. I was at this time 
living with a local Elder who was much older than I was, and 
whose experience was far greater ; and I thought that he 
would probably relieve me by speaking in my place; but he 
was determined that I should fill the appointment. 

As I walked up the aisle, everything seemed to swim 
before my eyes; but on arising to sptak, all fear left 
me, and the Spirit of God brought thoughts to my mind as 
fast as I could give utterance to them. At the close of my 
remarks the audience seemed entirely satisfied, and I was 
invited by the people who belonged to the Second Advent 
denomination to speak in their church the following Sunday, 
which I did with great liberty in the morning and afternoon, 
through the support of the Lord. I was about to step down from 



2^- 



the elevated platform at the close of the third service, when 
their local minister expressed a desire to ask a question, he hop- 
ing thereby to puzzle me. I gave him permission to do so, and 
he said, "What is the soul of man?" 

For a moment I was entirely lost, as I could find no answer 
to such a question. Still, after silently praying to God for 
assistance, I told my questioner to state his ideas on the sub- 
ject and if they were incorrect 1 promised to tell him. 

He then proceeded to say that he believed the body of man 
was in reality the soul. As a proof of the correctness of his 
words he cited the seventh verse of the second chapter of 
Genesis: "And the Lord God formed man of the dust of 
the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; 
and man became a living soul." 

In an instant the incorrectness of this idea became appar- 
ent to me, and I said, "It is slated in the New Testament, 
'Fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill 
the soul ; but rather fear Him which is able to destroy hnth 
.soul and body, in hell.' The soul means whole and the Spirit 
and the body together make u]) the soul of man." I had 
never read that portion of the Doctrine and Covenants where 
it treats upon this subject, nor had I ever reflected upon it; in 
fact, I suffered great inconvenience in being unable to procure 
a copy of that book on leaving New York. My answer 
was consequently, purely inspirational, and was given mo by 
God in answer to a humble prayer. It also surprised and 
satisfied my interrogator, and he acknowledged that he had 
on many occasions put the same question to learned divines, 
but they invariably failed to answer it. 
[To lie Continued.) 



NATURE'S EXAMPLES. 



BY J. C. 



FROM the minutest atom, to the highest mountain; from 
the smallest blade of grass, to the giant oak of ages; 
from the merest object of insect or animal life, to the pro- 
digious whale, that lashes into foam the billows of the briny 
sea, all evince an unswerving devotion, and a wondrous, 
unremitting activity, and all are impelled by some motive 
power, to farther certain ends. 

Nature, throughout all her vast domains, shrinks not for a 
moment from the innumerable duties assigned her. Clouds 
draw from oceans, seas, rivers and lakes, and scatter their 
contents, far and wide, to refresh and gladden a despondent 
world, and the interest of all is advanced, fostered and sus- 
tained by a common law of afiinity and harmony certain in its 
effects as it is general in its application. 

The movements of the heavenly bodies yield us fruitful 
lessons in this regard. We read, in the myriad stars of night, 
as they twinkle and revolve in space, without the least con- 
fliction with each other, grand examples of order, obedience 
and harmony. The orb of day, that bur.sts forth from the 
orient hill to kiss the opening, dewy morn, with the wealth of 
his glory, climbs slowly, yet surely up the great, blue arch of 
the sky, till he reaches his zenith, marking, by his presence 
there, that his dismal task is half accomplished; yet, he 
lingers not for a moment to rest, but follows his onward 
course, till, flushing the mountains, and painting the western 
sky with streaks and dots of matchless splendor, he glides along 
to diffuse light and life to all within the scope of his benign 





crTj"VEinsriLE insrsTi?.TJOTOi^, 



85 



influence. These, together with a limitless variety of other 
fhings, stampour reason and senses with theconviction that God 
isthere, and witnesses to humanity of all temperamentr, intelli- 
gences and conditions that everything is iilling the measure of 
its creation, and operating harmoniously for the accomplish- 
ment of some vast purpose. 

If, then, nature is under a universal fiat, or law, causing 
everything to work so beautifully and systematically, how 
must it be with man, the greatest of all? He, like everything 
else, must be governed and controlled by some power and 
intelligence greater than his own, and be energetic and active. 
It is unnatural for him to lapse into a state of bodily or men- 
tal inertia. Time is too precious to be rquandered, and there 
is no stopping point to intelligence. We must either go 
forward or backward. •Progression and retrogression are 
natural results accruing from compliance with or disregard of 
fixed, irrevocable laws, but the former, and not the latter, is 
man's normal and natural state. Where inactivity exists, 
death and dissolution will ensue. 

The pure, gushing stn am, that sparkles and leaps with life 
and joy, if stagnant would stink. The thriflie.'^t tree, shrub 
or plant, shorn of fibres ur foliage, will wither and die. The 
rock detached from the strata on which it depends for sus- 
tenance and life, will moulder and decay. So it is with man. 
He must derive strength, spiritually as well as bodily, from 
some fountain of life, or perish. There is no guess-work 
abo'it this, it is an optn reality, evidenced by all times and 
conditions of our race. God is the only true source of man's 
strength, joy and hope, as well as the only guide and author 
of all the lower intelligences. Faith, prayer and a life 
devoted to good deeds, are essential to justification here, 
and to assurance of life hereafter, and if we would be honest 
with God, with ourselves, and with our fellow-beings, and be 
in unison with the various gradations of activity, or intelligent 
matter, we must move in that sphere which will best answer 
the purpose and ends of our creation, and spend our lives and 
energies in doing good, with a degree of activity and devotion, 
commensurate with our attributes and intelligence. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



I 




^HE remark is commonly made that if the Latter-day 
Saints would only renounce polygamy there would be no 
more trouble about their religion ; nobody would object to 
them then, and all friction between the rest of the world and 
ihem would cease. It is only a fewsday since that (iovernor 
Uanisey, the chairman of the Utah commission, said to me: 
"Why cannot you leading men get together and agree that 
from this time forward you will di.>-courage the practice of 
polygamy among your people, and put an end to it? I am 
not much of a religious man, but it seems to me you could do 
this, and not hurt your consciences or violate your religion : 
and then all trouble between you and the government would 
be at end. This is the only feature of your system that is 
particularly obnoxious." 

In speaking thus, Govcnor Knmsey gave voice to the feelings 
of many thousands of people. They seeui to bo of the sincere 
opinion that if wc would do this, the difficulties with which 




we, as a people, have to contend would disappear. But they 
are mistaken. Our past history proves that this view is not a 
correct one. Did persecution and trouble only commence 
when the Church received and put into practice the doctrine 
of celestial or patriarchal marriage? Certainly not. This 
charge did not figure in the persecutions of the Saints in 
Ohio. It was not urged as an excuse for the cruelties and 
murders in Jlissouri, or for the driving of the people out of 
that state. It was not because they believed in and practiced 
plural marriage that they were mobbed and robbed in Illinois, 
and compelled, after the murder of their leading men, to flee 
from that state. It is true that the Prophet Joseph was 
accused by some few persons of teaching and practising this 
doctrine ; but the bulk of the people of the Church knew 
nothing of the doctrine and were free from its practice. 

What foundation is there, then, for believing that if this 
sybtem of marriage were not a part of our religion to-day, we 
would not be hated and persecuted? 

When we ask this question we are told that those who per- 
secuted us in Ohio, Mis.«ouri and Illinois were ignorant front- 
ier people ; but now education has spread, and people are 
learning better than to persecute others for their religion. 

Let us examine and see whether this is true or not. 

In November, 18S0, an election for Delegate to Congress 
was held in Utah. George Q. Cannon received 18, .568 votes, 
and \. G. Campbell 1,367 votes. To cheat the people out of 
their choice the governor of the territory refused to give the 
certificate of election to George Q. Cannon, who had received 
a majority of more than seventeen thousand votes, and gave 
it to A. G. Campbell. 

Every fair-minded man in the country, who has spoken, 
declares that this was a great outrage. It would be difficult 
to find a public man to-day who would dare to defend the 
governor for doing it. He is universally condemned, and if he 
had done the same thing in any other territory, he would 
have been turned out of office. 

But what do we see following this action? 

The Edmunds bill, introduced into Congress and rushed 
through in hot haste, without discu.ssion, or opportunity for 
amendment, in the House of Representatives. 

The delegate, legally elected, was refused his seat, and the 
seat declared vacant. 

Wicked and unconstitutional as these actions were, they 
were ju.'-tified on the ground that plural marriage was a part 
of the religion of the majority of the people of Utah. 

The Edmunds law went into operation. Commissioners, 
appointed by the president, came to Utah, to enforce it. 
Under their rules thousands of persons were disfranchised. 
Every person who could in the remotest degree be even 
suspected of ever having been in plural marriage, or connected 
with a husband who had been in that condition, was rigidly 
excluded from the polls. The entire lives of the people were 
scrutinized. Persons who had broken no law, and who for 
a (juarter of a century had not been in any manner associated 
with this system of marriage, were stripped of the franchise. 
Even the most bitter enemies of the people could ask no more, 
so far as this class was concerned. Not one that could even 
be "uspecled was left on the registration list. 

Now, if |)atriarohal marriage is the only cause of the hatred 
against, and i)er.sccution of, the Latter-day Saints, one would 
think that every one would be satisfied with the results of the 
coiiimis^ioricrs' enforcement of the Edmunds law. 
!{iU what is the truth? 





S6 



a"TJ"^EllsriIL,Ei I3^STI?.TJCTOI2,. 




Literature is a mere step to knowledge ; and the error 
often lies in our identifying one with the other. Literature 
may, perhaps, inake us vain : true knowledge must render us 
humble. 



The success of the Edmunds law only makes the enemies 
of the Latter-day Saints more eager and bold in their demands 
for more severe legislation against them. 

Not content with punishing every one suspected of connec- 
tion at any time for the past forty years, with plural marriage, 
they now ask for and urge still more harsh legislation, not 
only against them, but against the whole people. They now 
aim a blow at all bearing the name of Latter-day Saints. 

It is now as plam as day that it is not polygamy alone 
against which they direct their attacks — it is against the entire 
system of which it forms a part. 

Instead of the treasonable action of the governor, in giving 
the certificate to a man who was not elected, being punished, 
Congress acted as though the people of Utah were the trans- 
gressors, and refused their delegate a seat and passed the 
atrocious Edmunds law. This was their method of showing 
their indignation at a plain and palpable violation of the con- 
stitution. 

It is even admitted by many of the men who voted for the 
Edmunds law, that it is an unjust law, and Judge Jeremiah S. 
Black has shown that it is unconstitutional. It might be 
thought that, as the men who had more wives than one are all 
to he deprived of office, and they and their wives are all 
deprived of their right to vote, Edmunds, and the other ene- 
mies of the Latter-day Saints, would be satisfied and stop 
their attempts to persecute. 

But is this the effect? 

Not at all ; the people of Utah are still talked about by these 
people as though they were wronging the government, instead 
of being wronged. The evils perpetrated upon them excite 
no sympathy in their breasts. The submi.ssiveness of the 
people, their quiet conduct, their unexampled forbearance 
under this oppressive law seem to have only the effect to make 
their enemies still more angry and determined to destroy 
them. 

Thus the very virtues of the people, instead of speaking in 
their favor, seem only to excite the hatred of their oppressors. 
]'>ven the wrongs which they have endured are only seized as 
pretexts for the commission of greater wrongs. Certainly 
there has nothing occurred to provoke this hostile legislation 
now proposed. 

What becomes, then, of all this talk that we hear respect- 
ing polygamy being our only cause of offense? Does the 
action at present proposed indicate this? Even the commis- 
sioners recommend this new bill. It is not polygamy, as it is 
called, that is warred upon; it is the entire system of religion 
believed in by the Latter-day Saints, and the practice of which 
binds them together and makes them one. 

While many sincere people believe that it is plural marriage 
only that is hated by the world, and that if this was not a 
part of our religion we would not be persecuted ; they do not 
understand the spirit by which men are prompted. 

It is the work of God that is warred against. It is its 
destruction that is sought. Every advantage the enemies of 
the kingdom of God can gain over it only encourages them to 
try and obtain more. Step by step they would encroach upon 
it, until, driven from point to point, it would finally, if they 
could have their way, be driven from the earth. 



RECOLLECTIONS 
CAMP. 



OF ZION'S 



BY LYCURGUS. 



n^HE following incidents of Zion's Camp were related to 
-*- me by one of that noble band, Hiram Winters, of 
Pleasant Grove : 

"1 was cook of the second company. About four days 
before we were disbanded, our company ran short of pro- 
visions. We ate the last bite for breakfast. I applied at the 
commissary wagon for something for dinner, but received 
nothing, for the very good reason that it was empty. During 
the day, however, Joseph Hancock, while hunting, killed a 
deer, and, just after coming into camp at night, sent us about 
two pounds of venison. This, together with a two- pound loaf 
of bread, which we received from another company, had to 
serve as supper for twelve men. 

"The meat and bread were divided into equal parts and 
passed to the company. By the blessing of the Lord we all 
ate till we were satisfied, and there was some left. 

"Some days previous to this, Joseph renewed the promise 
of a safe journey ; and at the same time prophesied that, on 
account of fault-finding, the Lord would send a scourge upon 
the camp. In fulfillment of the prophecy, we were visited at 
our last camping place by the cholera. I was sergeant of the 
night-guards, with instructions to see each guard every fifteen 
minutes, and speak to him in a whisper and receive a reply. 

"The last night, about twelve o'clock, in going the third 
round, Burr Riggs was missing from his post. I found his 
bddy behind a log that lay about a rod away, as stiff as the 
log itself Calling to Alexander Whiteside, I asked him to 
carry the body to his tent while I went for Joseph. We lifted 
the body to his shoulder and it still remained perfectly straight. 
I soon found Joseph and Hyrum and F. G. Williams, who 
administered to him ; and it was not over fifteen minutes from 
the time I found hira till he was back at his post." 



He Could be Trusted. — Alfred was missing one night 
about sunset. Mother was getting anxious, for .she always 
wished him to be home early. A neighbor, coming in, said a 
number of boys had gone to the river to swim, and he thought 
Alfred was safe enough to be with them. 

"No," said the mother, " he promised he would not go there 
without my leave, and he rdwayK keeps his word. He never 
told me a lie." 

But seven o'clock came, then eight, and mother was still 
watching and listening for the step of Alfred ; but it was half- 
past eight before his merry shout and whistle were heard, 
when he ran into the gate. 

"Confess, now," said the neighbor, "that you have been 
to the river with the other boys, and so kept away till late." 

How the boy's eye fiashed, and the crimson mounted to his 
cheeks! 

"No, sir! I told my mother I would never go without her 
leave, and do you think Iwonid tell a lief I helped James to 
find the cows which had .strayed in the wood, and did not think 
I .should be .so late." 

James, coming up the street just then, came in to tell us, 
"he was afraid we had been alarmed ; they had been so far in 
the wood it made them late in getting home." 

"I think," said the neighbor, turning to the mother as he 
took his hat to go home, "there is comfort in store for you, 
madam. Such a boy will make a noble man." 



'tS)-?);- 





J-TJ'^ri±]I5riI_.E! IltTSTI^TJOTOI?., 





HOW TO BE HArPY 



Every boy and girl would like to live a happy 
life. It is the desire of all to take a course in life 
that will bring to them joy and peace. But many 
young persons have wrong ideas about what will 
give them happiness. 

Some think that riches will make a person 
happy. They imagine that if they only had 
plenty of money to spend, life would be very 
enjoyable. If they were rich they think they 
could Iniy all the toys they wished, and could 
spend all their time in play. 

Children who have this idea are greatly mis- 
taken. Kiches will not produce happiness; nor 
does the boy or girl who spends all his or her time 
in play enjoy life as much as the one who has to 
work and study as well. Idle people are never so 
hajjpy as those who are industrious. 

Chilfli'en are very fond of play, and many do 
not like to work or study. They think it very 
hard on them for their parents to have them do 
chores, or to study their lessons. In thinking so ■ 
they make a mistake. If the}' were allowed to 
play all the time they would grow up to be lazy 
men and women. If children form habits of 
idleness in their youth tho.se habits are likely to 
remain with them, for it will take a hard struggle 
til overcome them. 

Boys and girls, if you want to live a happy life 
you must obey your parents, ^^'llen they ask you 
to do anything, go and do it cheerfully. Tliis is 
the only way you can enjoy true happiness. 
Ivicbe-^ will not make you liappy. On the other 
hand, tiic poorest boy or girl who is always wilHng 
to help his or her parents, and to do wliat tliey 
rei|uire, is sure to enjoy lifi'. 

We will tell you how a little Koy used to spend 
iiis time. 

Till' parents of tlie boy we arc going to tell you 
about were poor, and could not atl'ord to l>uy him 
toys to phxy with. Ho was recpiircd every day to 
do ii certain amount of work, .\fter tliis he liiid 
l(j spend a few liours in studying. I)uring tin- 
rest of the day lie wa-; allowed to play. Having 
finished his .laily task, he felt free, and could enjov 
his .sport much better than he would if he had 
left his work undone. 

Instead of going in the streets to . play with 
iidier lii)\S he ehose to stav at home. His falhei- 



had presented him with a pocket-knife for doing 
the work which was given him in such a neat 
manner. With this he managed to whittle out 
rude toys, such as small wagons, houses, l:)oats, 
horses and several other things, with which he 
and his younger brother could amuse themselves. 
The toj's were not so nicely finished as those 
which were to be seen in shop windows; but they 
gave him double pleasure. It was amusement 
for him to cut them out of pieces of wood, although 
it was really hard work; and often he would whit- 
tle till his hands were nearl)- covered with blis- 
ters. Then, while playing with them, he felt 
proud to know that they were of his own make. 



OUR CHILDREN. 



BY G. \V. CROCHERON. 



The light of their bright eyes, like pearl-shining 
dew-drops, 
When kissed by the day-king at morn's early 
hour, 
Awakens a feeling in my heart jiast revealing, 
As it steals on my senses with magical powei'. 

They are gifts from our Father in heaven, bestowed 

To gladden our hearts in our second estate; 
We'll lead them by duty in the pathway of 
beautv. 
Directing their steps towards heaven's bright 
uate. 



LiTTi.K KiNDNEssics. — "Mother," .^iaid a little 
girl, "1 gave a poor Ijeggar child a flrink of water 
an<l a slice of bread, and it made me so glad, I 
shall never forget it." Now children can do a 
great many tilings worth a ''thank you." Kind 
offices are everywhere and at all times needed; 
for there are always sick ones, poor ones, besides 
de.'ii- ones, to make hajiiiv by kindness; and it 
L;(ies fniiher towards making linnie happy than 
almost anything else. Kind nllices ar(> within 
evervlindy's rcach, like air and sunshine, and if 
anybody feels fretful, and want- a meilicine to 
cure it. We would sa\', do a "thank you's" worth 
of kind olliees oveiy day you live, and you 
will he eured. It is a wonderl'ul sweetener of 

life. 



^ 





8Q 



uTJ-VEILTIXjE msrSTI^TJOTOI^. 




georgb: q,. CAnrNoir, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAKCH 15, 1883. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





ISS EMMA LAZARUS, a Jewess of 
prominence, has been giving expression 
to her views respeetiug the best means to 
adopt to kill the taunts of intolerance and 
remedy the evils from which the Jews 
suffer. Her plan is to teach trades to the 
young Israelites. This will have the 
effect, she thinks, to make them more 
like the people among whom they dwell, 
and less noticeable than at present. This 
she regards as more important than the observ- 
ance of the Jewish religion. She regards the 
present time as of such difficulty and danger 
. - , , , that the primary consideration of Jews "should 
ilVjj) not be the teachings of Tltora, not the incul- 

cation of the Talmud, not the preservation of the 
Hebrew tongue, not the maintenance of synagogue 
worship, not even the circumcision of the flesh," 
but they should adapt themselves to the practical 
requirements of the hour, and make their race the fittest to 
survive, a paragon to all the nations of the earth. What she 
calls the practical requirement of the hour is the educating 
of the young Israelites in the manual arts. 

Her suggestions call forth comments. As Latter-day Saints 
we can form some idea of their nature. We know how the 
Saints feel when they are advised to give up their religion and 
become like other people. In Missouri the Saints were coun- 
seled by the general in command of the state troops, which 
surrounded them and took the Prophet Joseph and his 
brother Hyrum and other leading Elders prisoners, to no more 
gather into one body, with Bishops to teach them ; but to 
scatter around and live like other people. By so doing they 
were told they would e.scape persecution. There has been no 
end of advice of this kind given to the Latter-day Saints. 
And now, on every hand, they are told to yield the belief in 
and practice of celestial, or patriarchal, marriage. "If you 
will only give up this obnoxious practice," they say, "all 
trouble will be ended ; your enemies can raise no excitement 
about you then ; you will get into the Union, and you will 
enter upon a career of great prosperity." It is the old advice 
in a new form. . 

But would such a denial of faith have such an effect ? Cer- 
tainly not. We should incur the anger of God and the con- 
tempt of men ; and, not the least of all, each one who did 
this would despise himself as a coward and an apostate. 

A Jewish writer speaks as follows regarding this proposition 
of Miss Lazarus' to the Jews to neglect their religion: 

"Every intelligent reader of the Jewish history will testify 
that in the succeeding persecutions of the Jews, by the 
heathen, Mahometan and Christian nations, they have passed 
through the fire and escaped extinction by the vital force of 
adherence to the tenets of their fathers, rather than by relin- 
quishing them to overcome the unjust pretenses of their per- 
secutors." 



This is true of the Jews. Had they yielded their religion, 
or sought to avoid persecution by making themselves as near 
as possible like those who surrounded them, they would have 
disappeared as a race. The Jews will yet believe in Christ, 
and cease to be the unbelievers in His gospel that they are 
now; but it will not be in the way that is now proposed. 



Like the Latter-day Saints, the Jews have suffered from the 
falsehoods told about them by apostates from their faith. For 
some time past there has been an intense feeling of hatred 
shown to the Jewi.'-h people in Russia and many parts of Ger- 
many. This has broken out into acts of bitter persecution. 
The Jews in many places have been treated with the greatest 
cruelty. All kinds of charges have been circulated again.-t 
them, and many of these have been believed upon the testi- 
mony of apostate Jews. The ignorant people of Russia and 
Germany have been inflamed by the prfjudice against this 
race and have committed the uiost atrocious crimes against 
them and have shed their blood as though to do so was a 
praiseworthy act. 

They are accused, in both Russia and Germany, of eating 
the people up by their systems of usury, loaning the people 
money at high rates of interest, aiid then, when they are 
unable to pay, seizing their property. In this way, it is said, 
they suck the life-blood of the nation and reduce the poor 
people to destitution. This may be partly true; but it is more 
than probable that these charges are made aginst them by 
their enemies, to excuse their deeds of violence towards 
them. 

This spirit of persecution has not raged so much of late; 
still, it is with difficulty that it can be repressed or kept within 
bounds. For awhile it seemed that it would carry on its cruel 
and inhuman work until the Jews would all be compelled to 
flee to other lands. Numbers were brought to the United 
States, and many persons were in favor of their settling here ; 
but the tide was checked. This country was not found to be 
so desirable; and latterly there has been considerable talk of 
the Jews going to Palestine. 

Latter- day Saints cannot fail to be interested in the Jews 
and their movements. We cannot forget the promises which 
the Lord has made to them. Ancient prophets have predicted 
that they should yet rebuild and inhabit Jerusalem. In our 
day the Lord has confirmed these prophecies by revealing that 
the time is near for the Jews to be gathered to their ancient 
lands. 

All the branches of the house of Israel possess a peculiar 
interest for the Latter-day Saints. To them great promises 
have been made. The Lamanites claim our sympathy because 
of this. No movement can be made by either Jews or Laman- 
ites that will not be closely watched by the people of Utah. 



A Canine Mail-Carrier. — "At Albany, in Worcester- 
shire," Mr. Jesse says, "a dog went every day to meet the 
mail, and brought the bag in his mouth to his house. The 
distance was about one-eighth of a mile. The dog 
usually received a meal of meat as his reward. The servants 
having, on one day only, neglected to give him his accustomed 
meal, the dog on the arrival of the next mail buried the bag, 
nor was it found without considerable search." 



It is the first distemper of learning when men study words, 
and not matter. 





CTTJ'^EnNriLE] i:^STI?.TJOTOI?.. 



89 




H E Z E K I A H . 



A BOUT 726 B. C, the reign of the good Kiug Hezekiah 
-^^ began. Of all the kiugs of Judah, none were more 
faithful or true to the Lord than he. The most memorable 
of all his works were hi.--, unceasiug eiforts to restore the wor- 



Here is a striking illustration of the power of prayer, for at 
the dreadful news of the Assyrian's attempt, Hezekiah 
repaired to the temple and implored divine aid against the 
presumptuous invaders. His faith must have been great for 
his prayer was answered that very night, and an angel was 
sent by the Lord, who smote and dtstroyed the enemy; 





ship of the true God, and for thi.>) he was greatly celebrated. 
The great good he ae<;oiiipli>licd in destroying false images and 
bringing his people to the true worship was mainly through 
the coun.'-el and wisdom of the I'rophet l.saiah. 

It was in the fourteenth year of his rdgn that Sennaeberib 
made that bold asHault against all the feneed cities of .ludah, 
so noticed in early hiHtory and immortalized by the roetB. 



185,001) men were found dead in the morning : 

"And it came Id pai-s that night, that the angel of the 
Lord went out, and smoto in the camp uf the Assyrians an 
hundred and four score and five thousand: and when they 
arose early in the morning, behold, they were all dead 
corp.ses." (II. Kings, .\ix., '.'i^).} 

One of the most charming songs on this subject is Byron's 



_-l^ 




90 



CrTJ"V^En^XZ_.E! IIsrSTI?.TJOTOI?.. 




"Destruction of SenDaelierib," in which the effect of the 
prayer is most beautifully described as follows : 

"And the might of the Gentile, unsraote by the sword, 
Hath melted like snow in the gliince of the Lord." 

Durine the life of H^zekiah there are many other instances 
where the power of prayer is f;loriously shown. Not only did 
faithful prayer save all Judah from the hands of the Assyrians 
but it saved Judah's kins from the hands of deuth. The 
Bible tells us when Hezekiah was sick unto death, he prayed 
unto the Lord, reminding Him of his faithfulness ; and, sorely 
lamenting his fate, he implored for his days to be lengthened. 
His prayer was immediately granted, for on the third day, as 
was promised him, he went up to the temple, and his litis was 
lengthened fifteen years. After hearing of the wonderful 
recovery of Hezekiah, the princes of Babylon sent letters and 
presents to him, that they might know of the wonder done in 
the land. 

The engraving to this article represents these messengers 
viewing the treasuries of Hezekiah, for he showed them every- 
thing he had in his house. 

During his most successful reign he had amassed great 
wealth and built treasuries for silver and gold and precious 
stones and spices and all kinds of jewels. He also possessed 
large store-houses of corn, wines, oils and costly things, and 
he had flocks and herds in great abundance. 

Of this wealth he was very proud, and even so faithful a 
man as Hezekiah gave way to the pride and arrogance which 
wealth often produces. He displeased the Lord in this, and 
L*aiah prophesied that his weaJth should be carried into 
Babylon and not anything would be left, and also that his 
children should suffer. 

During all his life Hezekiah was prospered, and the word 
of the Lord was fulfilled during the reigns of his sons. He 
died in G'J7 B. C , and was buried in the highest of sepulchers 
of the sons of David. All Judah did him honor. 



THE EVE OF REVOLUTION. 



in- .J. H. w. 



( Coiitiimnl form p<ir/c 79. ) 
nPHE king of England was still determined to tax America, 
-*■ and soon levied a tax on lea. The people determined they 
would drink no more tea rather than pay the tax. One day 
ships loaded with taxed tea arrived in Boston harbor. There 
was a great commotion ; the men ran together to hold council. 
It was Sunday, and the people of Boston were very strict, yet 
here was an emergency in the presence of which all ordinary 
rules were suspended. The crisis had come at length. If that 
tea was landed, it would be sold ; it would be used and Ame- 
rican liberty would become a by-word upon 'the earth. 

The brave and liberty-loving Samuel Adams was the leading 
man of Boston at that time. He was a man in middle life just 
forty-two years of age, of cultivated mind and stainless repu- 
tation, a powerful speaker and writer, and a man in whose 
sagacity and moderation all men trusted. He resemb'ed 
Cromwell in some particulars — his love of liberty, undaunted 
courage and trust in God. He was among the first to see that 
there was no resting place short of independence. He said : 
"Our forefathers were driven from the land of their birth in 
the cause of religious liberty. They made themselves homes 
in the wilds of America. We have earned a competence and 



are self-sustaining. We are free and need no king but God." 
The men of Boston felt the power of his resolute spirit and 
manfully followed where Samuel Adams led. Several days of 
excitement and discussion followed. People flocked in from 
the neighboring towns. The time was spent mainly in political 
meetings. At Fanueil Hall, in the churches and at the market 
place, the rights of the people were discus.sed. One day a 
meeting was held and the excited people continued in hot 
debate till the shades of evening fell. At length Samuel 
Adams stood up in the dimly lighted church and announced: 
"This meeting can do nothing more to save the countrj'." 
With a stern shout the meeiing broke up. Fifty men dis- 
guised as Indians hurried down to the wharf, each man with 
a hatchet in his hand. The crowd followed, and stood on the 
shore in silence while the so-cul'ed Indians went onboard the 
ship, broke open the chests of tea and threw them and their 
contents into the sea. No wonder King George was in a rage. 
No wonder that he demanded that the guilty parties, if they 
could be found, should be sent to England for trial, The great 
statesman William Pitt, also called the Earl of Chatham, 
pleaded for measures of conciliation ; but all in vain. General 
Gage with four regiments was sent to Boston. He threw up 
fortifications and lay as in a hostile city. The colonists 
apjiointed a day of fasting and prayer. They knew that their 
cause was just. They looked to Him for protection, who 
"holds the nations in the hollow of His hand." They knew 
that He, who had guided them across the rolling deep and 
had preserved them in the wilderness, could also protect them 
from the rage and avarice of wicked men. They also formed 
themselves into military companies. ■ They occupied them- 
selves with drill. They laid up stores of ammunition. Most 
of them had muskets and could use them. He who had no 
musket, now got one. They hoped that civil war might be 
avirted, but there was no harm in being ready. While these 
things were going on in Boston, a congress of delegates had 
met in Philadelphia and were busy discussing measures in 
regard to the troubles that were thickening around them. 
Twelve colonies were represented but Georgia, the youngest 
and feeblest colony, still paused timidly on the brink of the 
perilous enterprise. Some of the truly great men of America 
■met in that congress. Of it the great Earl of Chatham said : 
"For genuine sagacity, for singular moderation, for solid wis- 
dom the congress of Philadelphia shines unrivalled." That 
((uaint old building wjiere they met became one of the spots 
ever dear to the patriot's heirt. Among the famous men 
assembled there were George Washington whose massive sense 
and copious knowledge attracted attention, and made him a 
guiding power, and Patrick Henry, then a young man. 
He brought to the council a wisdom beyond his years, and a 
fiery eloeiuence, which, to some of his hearers, seemed almost 
more than human. He had already shown that he was 
unfitted for farming or merchandizing. He was now to prove 
that he could utter words vfhioh would sweep over a continent, 
thrill men's hearts like the most sublime strains of music, and 
rouse them up to high and noble deeds. There also wns 
Richard Henry Lee, with his bewitching voice, his ripe 
scholarship, and rich stores of historical and political knowl- 
edge, which would have graced the highest assemblies of the 
old word. Nor should we forget to mention the noble-minded 
farmer, John Dickinson, whose published letters had done so 
much to form the public sentiment. His enthusiastic love of 
England was now overborne by a sense of wrong. And last, 
but by no means least, we may place on the list the name of 
Benjamin Franklin, the sage philosopher, the practical scien- 



r?\£y^,- 





-'«(??: 



J-TJ"^E3^I31iE IJ^STI^TJOTOI?.. 



91 



5i 



tist, the shrewd diplomatist, the ineorniptible patriot, the 
wise philanthropist. Such were some of the men whom God 
raised up to mould the character of the infant nation. 

Still they did not wish for separation. Thej' wished to have 
their wrongs redressed and continue British subjects. They 
drew up a narrative of their wrongs. They implored King 
George to remove those grievances. They even addressed the 
people of Great Britain, as subjects of the same empire, as 
men possessing common sympathies and common interests; 
yet they added that ' 'they would not be 'hewers of wood and 
drawers of water' to any nation in the world." Had all the 
colonists been Englishmen or descendants of Englishmen no 
more could have been expected. When we recollect that they 
had been gathered from many nations and difTereut climes, 
their subserviency to the interests of the British empire is 
remarkable. The colonists even appealed to their fellow- 
colonists in Canada for aid and sympathy. But Canada, 
newly conquered from France, was peopled almost wholly by 
Frenchmen. They were strangers to the religious struggles 
through which the more southern colonists had passed. And 
so from Canada there came no response of sympathy or 
help. 

King George now determined to reduce the colonists to 
obedience. All trade with the colonies was forbidden. No 
ship of any nation was permitted to enter American ports or 
biing supplies to the settlers in America. In justice to the 
English people it should be said, that in those days they had 
no ciintrol over the government of their country. All this was 
managed for them by a few great families. Their allotted 
part was to toil hard, pay their ta.xes, and be silent. If they 
had been permitted to speak, their voice would have been on 
the side of popular rights. They would have vindicated the 
men who asserted the right of self government — a right which 
the great mass of Englishmen were not to enjoy for many a 
long year after. 

Two incidents occurred about this time which well illustrate 
the spirit of the people. It was the Sabbath morning before 
the battle of Lexington. The scene of the first is the Old 
South Church, itself rich with the mementos of the jiast. Its 
walls are lined with monuments. The burying-ground around 
the church is a ])ictures(|ue spot and was first used about l(i60. 
The trees interweave their branches above the tombs, and only 
pencil-rays of sunlight break the broad, cool .shadows of the 
spot. The Boston branch of the Winslow family rests here, and 
here also sleeps the famous Mary Chilson, who is said to have 
been the tir.st to step on shore from the .Wii/Jlnici'r. She died 
in IfiTO. Here He the remain.s of Governor John M'inthrop ; 
Hon. John Philips, the first niaj-or of the city ; Robert Treat 
Paine, one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence; 
and many others among which should not be forgotten the 
name of Paul Revere. 

At this church the governor of the colony and other British 
government officials usually attended. On this biautiful 
April Sabbath morning tlujy iiad come as usual ; and the 
hap(iy yet determined people were ((uictly talking and loiter- 
ing among the graves of their ancestors. At length the (lastor 
came, and they followed him into the church. The hymn they 
sang is known as the ninety- fourth p.salin. It commences: 

"O Lord our God to whom iilone, all vcngoiimo dnlh boIonK; 
O miRhty fiod who vengeance owncBt, ehino forth iivonKinp; 

wronK. 
Thy folk they break in pieces, Lord, thino horituRo opprosn, 
The widiiw they and strunger elny, and kill the fathorlenH." 



The pastor's text was Psalm xlvi., ]. "God is our refuge 
and strength, a very present help in trouble " 

He spoke of the wrongs the colonists had endured, the 
position they held in regard to posterity, and the responsibility 
which rested upon them to plant the institutions of liberty for 
the benefit of future generations. Warming with his theme, 
he uttered sentences which caused the hearts of foes to quake 
and the hearts of friends to glow and burn within them. 
Standing on the platform of truth and right, he dared to hurl 
defiance at a tyrant king. 

The governor, Berkley, interrupted the speaker, and, calling 
him a traitor, demanded that he should cease. 

Some of the militia of Boston foreseeing the danger of the 
daring speaker had followed him to the church, and already 
stood in the vestibule. Just at that moment the trumpet 
sounded, the drums beat and the great church-bell rang out 
its clarion notes calling the citizens to arms. Such was the 
spirit of the people that the governor sought in vain to stay 
their indignation which swept like a flood over the land. \\'ith 
the Puritans liberty was a part of their religion. 

The other incident occurred on the eve of the battle of 
Lexington. 

Early in April ITT."., General Gage learned that considerable 
stores of ammunition were collected at the village of Concord, 
eighteen miles from Boston, and he determined to capture 
them. Late on the night of April 18th, eight hundred 
soldiers set out on this errand. The patriots observed that 
there was something more than ordinary in progress. Com- 
l^anies of soldiers were massed on Boston common under 
pretense of learning a new military exercise. 

Doctor, afterwards General, Joseph Warren, who fell at 
Bunker Hill, received notice of the design of the troops, and 
at once sent Paul Revere to arouse the eountrj'. It was agreed 
that a signal light should be placed in the tower of the Old 
North Church to notify the watchers of the direction the 
troops had taken— one if by land, two if by sea. Paul Revere 
then rowed across the stream to Charlestown. He was not a 
moment too soon. (Jeneral (i age heard that his plans were 
discovered, and orders were at once given that no person 
should be allowed to leave Boston. Had these orders been 
given five minutes sooner, the whole course of the revolution 
might have been changed. As it was Revere reached the 
other side in safety. Having obtained a fleet and sure-footed 
steed he stood impatiently watching the belfry tower of the 
Old North Church. Meanwhile Warren, in disguise, wandered 
through the darkness and listened with eager cars till he heard 
the measured tread of the grenadiers marching down to the 
boats. Then with lantern in hand he climbed up into the 
belfry and a gleam of light shone over the dark and silent 
city. Paul Revere sprang into the sadille, but paused a 
moment and gazed until a .-iecond light gleamed out distinctly 
and clearly. Then 

"A hurry of hoofs in ii village .■street, 

A shape in the nioonliglit, a liulU in Iho dark, 

And lienoHlli from the pchblcs in passing, n ."park 

StriK'U out by the steed thai Hie? feiirle.'is and fleet; 

That WHS all I And yot thro' the darkness and glooin 

Tho fatH.'of a nation wiis riding that niglit. 

And the spark struck out by the .steed in his llight 

Kindli'd the land into tlaine with its Iwat. 

It was twelve by the village cli>^k 

When he crossed. the bridge into Medford town. 

It was one by tho village clock 

When he rode into Lexington, 



^ 





92 



vJTJ'VEISriLE in^STiK^TJOTOT^. 




He saw the gilded weathercock swim 

In the moonlight as he passed, 

And the meeting-house windows blanli and bare 

Gaze at him with a spectral glare 

As if they already stood aghast, 

At the blood work they would look upon. 

You know the rest. In the books you have read 

How the British regulars tired and fled. 

How the farmers gave them ball for ball, 

From behind each fence and (arm-yard wall, 

Chasing the red-coats down the lane, 

Then crossing the fields to emerge again 

Under the trees, at the turn of the road, 

And only pausing to fire and load. 

So through the night rode Paul Revere; 

And so through the night went his cry of alarm 

To every Middlesex village and farm — 

A cry of defiance and not of fear — 

A voice in the darkness, a knock at the door, 

A word that shall echo for evermore 1 

For, borne on the night wind of thn past 

Through human history to the last 

The good shall pray and by faith shall hear 

A delivering foot-fall as of that steed 

And a midnight message as of Paul Revere." 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



[Continue/] from page iG.) 



OX Sunilay, tlie l.'ich, there was considerable skirmishing, 
and the Warsaw .S'(V//(a? reported one aDti-"jMormon" 
baoly W(juuded. After du^k the citizens of Nauvoo advanced 
with two of their cannon and fired into the mob camp and 
caused ibem to ^catter. At the second discharge one of the 
caoDuD, as the steamboat fhafts were called, burst into thirteen 
pieceswiihout injuring anyone. 

On the 14ih, there was some cannonading during the day, 
and the people of Nauvoo, repaired and extended their bat- 
tel ies. 

On the l.'jth the "Spartan Band" and the "Kill-dtvils," as a 
band composed principally of new citizetis was called, kept 
so .strict a watch on the movements of the mob that they 
could not go to water their hor.-cs without being saluted by 
rifleshots. Occasionally a few rounds from the cannon were 
fired that day. 

Several gentlemen from Quincy were in the tower of the 
temple, in Nauvoo, watching the progress of the fight on 
Saturday the 12fh. Immediately after the battle. Mayor 
Wood and Mr. Rice .-tarted for (juincy, called a meeting of 
the people, and gave an account of what had taken place in 
Nauvoo. It was decided that a committee of one hundred 
citizens of Quincy should go to settle the difilculties in H:in- 
cock county. They arrived in Nauvoo on the 15th. The 
ostensible object in coming was to prevent the shedding of 
blood ; bur their friendship for the citizens of Nauvoo was 
not real. They were the strongest anti- "Mormons" that could 
be found in Adams county. On that account Messrs. Wood 
and Rice, with several others, refused to act as members of 
that committee. The.se people brought their firearms witii 
them, which they took great pains to conceal. It was under- 
stood, however, thai if they did not succeed in making the 
com promise they intended to join the mob. They did not all 
come into the city of Nauvoo, but appointed sub-committees 
to transact the business. 



On the I6th the mob commenced cannonading. A com- 
promise was, however, in progress. A lengthy correspond- 
ence was going on between the sub-committees of the Quincy 
committee, the mob camp, Major Clifi'ord and the Church 
trustees, which resulted in the following: 

"Articles of accommodation, treaty and agreement, made 
and entered into this 16th of September, A. D. 1846, between 
Almon W. Babbitt, Joseph L. Heywood and John S. Full- 
mer, Trusteesiu-trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Later-day Saints, of the one part — Thomas S. Brockman, 
conimandt r of the posse, and John Carlin, special constable 
and civil head of the posse of Hancock county, of the second 
liart — and Anlrew Johnson, chairman of the citizens of 
Quincy, ol ihe third part — 

"1st — The city of Nauvoo will surrender. The force of 
Colonel Brockman to enter and take possession of the city 
to-morrow, the 17th of September, at three o'clock p. m. 

"2d — The arms to be delivered to the Quincy committee, 
to be returned on the crossing of the river. 

"3d — The Quincy committee pledge themselves to use 
their influence for the protection of persons and property 
from all violence, and the officers of the camp and the men 
pledge themselves to protect all persons and property from 
violence. 

"4th — The sick and helpless to be protected and treated 
with humanity. 

".>th — The Mormon population of the city to leave the 
state, or disperse as soon as they can cross the river. 

"6th — Five men, including the Trustees of (he Church, 
(William Pickett not one of the number) to be permitted to 
remain in the city, for the disposition of property, free from 
all molestation and personal violence. 

"7lh — Hostilities to cease immediately, and ten men of the 
Quincy committee to enter the city in the execution of duty 
as soon as they think proper. 

"We, the undersigned, subscribe to, ratifiy and confirm the 
foregoing articles of accommodation, treaty, and agreement, 
the day and year above written. 

"Andrew Joh.mson, 
"Chairman of the Commi tee of Quincy. 
"THOMA.S S. Brockman, Commanding Po.sse. 
"John Carlin, Special Constable. 

"Al.mon W. Babbitt, j Trustees-in-Trust for the 

"Joseph L. Heywood and |- Church of Jesus Christ of 
"John S. Fullmek, j Latter-day Saints." 

When many of the volunteers learned that articles of 
agreement had been agreed upon between the trustees and the 
mob for the surrender of the city, that the mob forces were 
to occupy it, the "Mormons" to deliver up their arms and leave 
as foon as they could cross the river, they felt very enraged. 
In discussing the affair at Beach's tavern, 'Squire Wells, 
who overheard their remarks, expostulated with them, and 
said: 

"There is no use of a small handful of volunteers trying to 
defend the city against such an overwhelming force. What 
interest have the Saints to expect from its defense? Our 
interests are not identified with it, but in getting away from 
it. Who could urge the propriety of exposing life to defend 
a place for the purpose of vacating it? I have been in the 
councils of .Joseph and Hyrum and the Twelve, and I know 
they were desirous that the Saints should leave the State and 
go westward. Have not the Twelve and most of the Church 
gone, and is not their council for us to ibllpw? Have not they told 



85*^: 




v^ 



CrTJ"V"EITIX_.E i:tTSTI?.TJGTOI^. 



93 



^ 




U9 that our safety was not in Nauvoo, but in our removal west- 
ward? 

"The trustees have no means with which to carry on the 
defense; they are already involved. Major Parker, who 
was sent by the governor to aid us, when he left promised to 
raise men and return immediately to our assistance, but be 
has forsaken us, and it is not well known that the Quincy 
committee was prepared to join the mob, if a treaty was not 
effected? Under these circumstances, I have thrown in my 
influence with the trustees for the surrender of Nauvoo upon 
the best terms we could get, and as being the best and only 
wise policy left for us to pursue. 

"Brethren, reflfct, we have nothing to gain in defending 
Nauvoo, but everything to lose, not only property, but lite 
also, is hourly in p' ril." 

Ef|uire Wells had but recently joined the Church ; but he 
had been a prominent man in the affairs of Nauvoo from the 
time of the organization of the city, and had been intimate 
with the Prophet Joseph and President Young and the 
Twelve Apostles. This, and his distinguished gallantry in 
helping to defend the city, gave him influence among the 
people, and his counsels and words had great weight with 
them. 

Mr. Braymau, agent of the governor of Illinois, upon hear- 
ing the treaty read, declared that it surpassed anything of the 
kind that he had ever read or heard of He knew the volun- 
teers were acting under the orders of the governor, and yet 
they were overpowered by the mob and forced to agree to 
terms of banishment to save the lives of themselves and their 
families. There wete women and children also there, some of 
whose husbands and fathers were in the United States army, 
and had started for California on foot, over pathless deserts 
and mountains, to plant their country's flag in distant lands. 
To see their wives, children and friends driven from their 
homes by a bloodthirsty mob, caused Mr. Brayman to shed 
tears. There were others also from different parts of the 
Union who were e.ye-witnesses of these outrages, who were 
similarly affected at the sight. 

{To he Cnvti)nif<1.) 



JOSEPH HENRY. 



TT was a^out sixty years ago that a silversmith of Albany 
■*■ had a very bright apprentice. He read books, espeaialiy 
Shakspeare. He seerasd in fact to have an especial passion 
for the stage. After a time he joined a company of young 
amateur actors who played at a little theater called the Thes- 
pian, and his talent for dramatic performances became the 
talk of the town. A noted theater manager came to Albany 
and went to vi.sit the Thespian theater to see the young 
amateur of whom he had heard. The play that night was 
"Hamlet," and the young apprentice had the part of Hamlet, 
prince of Denmark. The manager was so struck with the 
young man's ability that he made him a very tempting offer 
to join his own company and adopt the stage as a profession. 
Just before thi.", I)r. Beck, principal of the Albany Academy, 
had ofl'ered to give the young man an oducatinn. Here were 
two ways opened, to determine which was the best he sought 
the counsel of two of his "chums," one of whom was Thurlnw 
Weed, then a journeyman printer. Both advised him to 
accept Dr. Beck's offer. But he was still in doubt, for he 




was dazzled by the stage; yet the judgment of his friends 
dictated the acceptance of Dr. Beck's offer. His employer 
liked the lad and believed that he had usefulness before him, 
so when be learned of the two offers he had received, he said 
kindly, but firmly; "Joseph, you are under indentures to me 
for two years yet. If you wish to get an education I will let 
you go. But if you conclude to go on the stage yon must 
make good to me the lo-s oF these two years of service." 

This determined the lad and he went to Dr. Beck's, studied 
faithfully, graduated with high honors and became one of the 
first .scholars of his day. This lad was afterwards Dr. Joi-eph 
Henry, the late president of the Smithsonian Institute. The 
story is told by the "chum," Thurlow Weed, who has just 
died. Thus we see how small an incident turns the tide of any 
life. Watch these turning points. If you choose that which 
pleases you to-day you may be refusing a high place that will 
open bye-and-bye. 



blARLY REMINISCENCES. 



BY J. H. H. 



[Continued frorti page TT.) 

OX the following day. President Taylor and myself took 
leave of our friends in Paris, and started on our journey 
to Saint Heliers, Jersey ; expecting to attend a conference 
to be held there by Elder John Pack, prior to his return 
home. We were detained, however, in Port Cail from the 23rd 
till the .31st of December, and so failed to meet the Saints 
in conference-as contemplated. It was learned subsequently 
that the flens d'Armes had instructions to watch the principal 
seaports for President Taylor and to take him back to Paris to 
be interviewed by the superintendent of public instruction, 
concerning his writings which were published in some pam- 
phlets and in the paper called L' Etoile de Deseref. His 
departure, therefore, by way of this somewhat obscure village 
afforded the necessary protection, and he was saved from what 
might have been both expensive and embarrassing. The hand 
of a kind Father was directing his steps, and delivered him 
from his adversaries. 

Our host was charmed with President Taylor, and talked 
seriously of disposing of his property and going with him to 
America. When he was told by the latter of the rich 
prospects in Iowa, Kansas and other places, he protested 
against going to any other place than where his guest was 
going. Theboats usu.illy found at this port being all on the 
Jersey coast, on account of the Christmas holidays, we had 
necessarily to wait till their return or go to some other port. 
The contingencies above mentioned makes the wisdom of our 
choice apparent. 

Our host offered President Taylor his gun and loading outfit, 
and was asked in reply if there wore any buffaloes in the neigli- 
borhood ; being answered in the negative President Taylor told 
the l''renchman he was much obliged for his kind offer, but 
mu.st decline, for he did not usually shoot anything smaller 
than the buffalo. 

Three hours sail landed us on the Jersey coast, when we 
soon learned that tlic conference had been held a few days 
previous, and that Klder Pack and i|ni(e a number of KIdcrs 
and Saints ha<i embarked for Scmlhampton, rn mule to Zion. 
Wc found John Hyde, Juu., on the Island, but not in the 





94= 



j'Xj'^rEn^iiLiE] iisrsT:E2."croToiS/. 





happiest mood. The Channel Islands conference had been 
held, he was ijresent on the occasion, but the presidency had 
failed to appreciate his merits and make him president, but 
had appointed the writer to fill that position. He clung to 
President Taylor very tenaciously during his stay on the island 
and endeavored to persuade him to appoint him on some well- 
defined mission ; but being told that he would labor under the 
presidency of the writer, who would direct him in his labors, 
he lelt wounded. He was appointed soon alter to labor in 
Havre, but he there became somewhat noted as an apostate, 
and like some others of his class, wrote and published a book 
denying what he once believed, and abusing his honorable 
friends and fraternizing with their enemies. I will submit an 
extract from one of his letters written while presiding over 
the Church in Havre, dated Sept, 24th, ls,5i.', to Elder Curtis 
E. Bolton, who was then in Paris. 

"My beloved Brother and President, I am deeply impressed 
to write to you. I wish I had some good news to communicate. 
I preach, teach and lend tracts, but all at the present without 
any great prospect of success; but methinks I hear you say, 
'AH is well. Brother John Hyde, it is the Lord's work, not 
ours.^ * * * * ^^ * * * * * 

"Ihave no doubt that my name comes up with the rest 
sometimes, but if anyone speaks of it, tell them they speak 
of a John Hyde of 1851, and do me the justice to believe 
there exists a jrreat difi'erence in the feelings of that person and 
the John Hyde, Jun., of 1852. Let not the Saints excuse 
themselves by saying Brother Hyde did this or did that. If 
Brother Hyde set them an examide and it was a bad one, they 
are fools for wishing to burn their fingers because I wished to 
burn mine. You may do with this as you please. I regard 
you as my Brother and my friend. 

"Yours very truly, 

"John Hyde, Jun." 

The reader may make his own comments on this letter; as 
I will simply remark, that this kind of material makes the 
apostate. 

Some few months after writing the above the Elder asked 
the writer to intercede with President Curtis E. Bolton for 
his release from the mission, and made moreover a direct 
application for that purpose which elicited the following 
reply ; 
"John Hyde, Jun., 

Dear Brother — I received your letter by due course of mail, 
and have delayed answering it to give me time to try more 
fully the workings of the Spirit. I must say your letter sur- 
prised me, but not so much as though I had not known you 
as I do. The fact is you have been of but very little service 
to the mission. The Church has supported you eighteen 
months on the French mission, and what have you done to 
benefit the mission? I leave you to answer. One great fault 
is your idea of some superior knowledge over the generality 
of your fellows, and your inordinate desire to jiut your ideas 
in print. You may think this letter .severe, but it is not. I 
tell you of your f lults that you may mend, for I wish you 
well. And I wish you humility, good sen.se, firmness and 
intelligence. 

"I release you from the French mission, and hope that 
crossing the ocean and prairies will do much in your 
schooling. 

"Yours truly, 

"Curtis E. Bolton." 

That John Hyde, Jun., should subsequently apostatize and 
deny the faith was no more than any person acquainted with him 



anticipated. The Spirit of our holy faith will not abide in 
persons that are lascivious and corrupt. So strict is the dis- 
cipline of the founder of this latter-day work, that a man 
must not look upon a woman to lust after her, nor commit 
adultery in his heart, or he is in danger of losing the spirit of 
the gospel. He will then deny the faith, and, if he repents not, 
will be cast into hell. It may appear strange to persons, who 
have associated the name "Mormon" with all that is vile and 
lascivious, to hear such purity of character claimed for the 
Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, 
but it is no less strange than true. Their continued standing 
in this calling and Priesthood is presumptive evidence of their 
spotless character, and their acceptance with God, while on 
the other hand aposta.sy is an evidence of immorality. We 
are convinced by actual observation that it is the fruitful cause 
of darkness, apostasy and death. While 1 do not say that all 
seceders from this Church are profligate, I do say that many 
of them are, while others are slothful and luke- warm, careless 
and indifferent, until the light, that was within them, becomes 
darkness, while others through their own vain ambition and 
rebellion become lost. 

Elder John Banks and his three successors in the presidency 
of the London conference all made ship-wreck of their faith. 
And though they were called of God, and did a great work in 
teaching and saving others, became themselves recreant to 
their faith, and, like the salt, having lost its savor, became 
worthless. 



THE VALUE OF SMALL THINGS. 



BY S. WORTHINGTON. 



^71 7H0 has not seen a large block of roek perched above 
* ^ him upon a high cliflF, or mountain side, which 
seemed ready at the slightest touch, to come rolling and crash- 
ing down with a force that would overcome every obstacle that 
might be in its pathway? The very imagination of such an 
event taking place almost causes us to shudder as we cast our 
eyes above and think of the destruction it would be capable 
of bringing about. The large rock is terrible and powerful 
because of its weight. But what gives it this power? It is 
the union of its particles. Let these be separated, either by the 
chemical action of the atmosphere, or the application of force 
by man, and the rock, which may have been a source of 
terror and alarm, is disarmed of its power, scattered and 
broken, and is a dread no longer to anyone. Each grain of 
which it was composed was, of itself, comparatively nothing ; 
so small that numbers of them could be crushed between the 
finger and thumb. 

Is there not .something in this life analogous to this, and 
from which we may draw a moral lesson? The value of small 
things should never be under-estimated. There is no evil too 
small or insignificant for us to avoid. There is no good 
thought, word or action, too small for us to adopt or give 
heed to. They are grains that we should store away for 
present and future use. Not coarse grains, like those which 
formed the block of stone, but golden grains of untold value 
in the formation of our character. The boy, working out a sum in 
arithmetic and making a mistake, however .slight, cannot get the 
sum right until the error is rectified. Indeed, we might ask, 
what subject or science can be understood unless we learn 
every principle connected with it? We may flatter our.selves 




■:^ 



"*S? 



CrTJA^ElsriLIK! IISrSTI^TJGTOI?.. 



95 



that we can master the subject which we are studying without 
giving attention to its details, but let us omit any of them, 
and our education in thxt subjeat or science will be deficient. 
A science has become such because every principle connected 
with it has been proven to be true. It may have taken years 
of observation, of expeiiment, and of study, to establish its 
evidence, but utter it has been so established we may depend 
upon it that there is nothing that belongs to it that we can 
leave out and yet be proficient in a knowledge thereof 

So with life. Tt is made up of the sum of the little tilings 
which we experience day by day. Every thought has its 
influence upon our character, whether it finds expression in 
word or action, or is confined within our own breasts. A jest, 
idly or heedlessly spoken, may pass from the lips, but, if it 
was of a nature to do harm, it may not only afl^ect others who 
heard it, but also bring shame and reproach to him who 
uttered it. Character is the sum of the thoughts, words and 
actions of the individual. Is it then of small moment to any 
of us to be indifferent as to what this sum is formed of? 
Society is good or bad in proportion as the people composing 
it are good or bad. The influence of each individual may be 
small, but the power of a nation is great. Its history and 
influence are the result of the character and virtue of its people. 
And no nation can progress in knowledge faster than the intel- 
ligence of its people will allow it. 

The small creek, increased by the descending rain drops, 
becomes a rushing torrent. The terrible avalanche that bears 
destruction of life and property before it, has been formed 
through the accumulation of little snowflakes; such light, 
^adowy things, that a breath dissolves them. Nature con- 
tains many striking lessons, showing us what can be done by 
the accumulated force of atoms. It speaks to you and to 
me, dear reader. Let us not consider any principle too small 
or trifling to be noticed by us, or that anyone is too young or 
too old to impart information to us. But wherever we can 
learn a truth or receive a good idea, let us do so. None should 
feel ashamed of acknowledging an error or adopting a truth. 
Our ignorance may be the result of circumstances over which 
we had no control. But if we can, by any act of our own, 
become better informed and more intelligent, then it is our 
duty to become so. On the other hand, if we seek to hide 
our ignorance from others through being too proud to 
acknowledge it we are most likely to remain ignorant still. 

Let each strive to do his part well. We may stumble, 
perhaps, as we try to walk ; but let us lie up on our feet again, 
determined to succeed. Our step will become firmer and as 
we grow in years we shall grow in strencrth. Each can fill a 
place in life better than anyone else can fill it (or him. It is 
so ordainrd that each man and woman difl"er8 from another 
and can rill that place in life best for which he or she is most 
adapted. AVe may not all become great, but by a proper 
cultivation of the talents which we possess we may become as 
great as our nature will allow us. We are all units of the 
great whole. We need not be ciphers; vvell, no, we cannot 
be a cipher if we wi.shed to be so. We must act so tb.it our 
influence will be good or evil. Which shall it be? 



THE TOOLS OF GREAT 
^V O R K M E N . 




O.vE very common error misleads the opinion of mankind, 
that universal authority is jileasant, and submission painful. 
In the general course of human affairs, the very reverse of 
this is nearer to the truth. Coininiind is anxiety, obcdienc?, 
ease. 



^^S)^ 



TT is not tools that make the workman, but trained xl-iU (ind 
■*- perseverance of the man himself Indeed, it is proverbial 
that bad workmen never yet had good tools. A student once 
asked a great artist by what wonderful process he mixed his 
colors. "I mix them with my hraiiis, sir, was his reply. It 
is the same with every workman who would excel. Ferguson 
made a wonderful thing — his wooden clock, that accurately 
measured the hours — by means of a common penknife, a tool 
in everybody's hand: but then everybody is not a Ferguson. 
A pan of water and two thermometers were the tools by which 
Dr. Black discovered latent heat. A prism, a lens, and a 
sheet of pasteboard enabled Newton to unfold the composi- 
tion of light and the origin of color. An eminent foreign 
xavant once called upon Dr. Wollaston, and requested to be 
shown over the laboratories in which science had been enriched 
by so many important discoveries. The doctor took him into 
a little studio, and, pointing to an old tea-tray on the table, 
containing a few watch-glasses, test-papers, a small balance, 
and a blow-pipe, said, "There is all the laboratory I have." 
Stothard learned the art of combining colors by closely study- 
ing butter-flies' wings. He would often say that no one knew 
how much he owed to those tiny iusects. A burnt stick and 
a barn door served Wilkie in lieu of pencil and canvas. 
Bewick first practiced drawing on the cottage walls of his 
native village, which he covered with his sketches in chalk ; 
and Benjamin West made his first brushes out of a cat's tail. 
Ferguson laid himself down in the fields at night in a blanket 
and made a map of the heavenly bodies by means of a thread 
with small beads on it, stretched between his eyes and the 
stars. Franklin first robbed the thunder-cloud of its light- 
ning by means of a kite made with two cross-sticks and a silk 
handkerchief Watt made his first model of the condensing 
steam engine out of an old anatomist's syringe, used to inject 
the arteries previous to dissection. Gifford worked his first 
problem in mathematics, when he was a cobbler's apprentice, 
upon small scraps of leather, which he beat smooth lor the 
purpose; while Rittenhouse, the astronomer, first calculated 
the eclipses on his plow- handles. 



Cil.MlLES DicivENs' IluLES — Many men have worked much 
harder and not succeeded half so well, but I never could 
have done what I have done without the habits of punctu- 
ality, order and diligence; without the determination to 
concentrate myself on one object at a time, no matter how 
([uickly its succe.s.sor should come upon its heels. My 
meaning simply is, that whatever 1 have devoted myself to I 
have devoted myself to completely; that in great aims and in 
small I have been thoroughly in earnest. I have never 
believed it possible that any one of whatever ability can 
claim freedom from the companionship of the steady, plain, 
hard-working <|ualilies, and hope to gain hiscnd. Some hapjiy 
talent and miiuc fortunate opportunity niay form the two sides 
of the ladder on which some men uiay mount; but the rounds 
of that lud<ler must be made of stuff to stand wear and tear; 
and there is no substitute for thorough-going, ardent and 
sincere earnestness. Never to \nU my hand on anything on 
which I co\ild not throw my whole self; and never to affect 
depreciation of my work, whatever it was, I find now to have 
been my golden rules. 




^ 



.if- 



i^' 



CTTJ^IEISriLE! H^STI^.TJOTOI?.. 



^M 



WE'I.T. SINa ALL HAIL TO JESUS' NAME. 



Moderato. 




\ \- 



I 1 — I 1 1 \- 

— m — — m — ^ 1 



lEfeiiliiil 



hail to 



:*:J 



mmmm 



:=1= 



Music by Jos. Cosslett. 



-I 1 






Je 



sus' name; Hon - or and 



:t=: 






.(2 









praise we 



give 



To 



griiiiiiiii 







:1=3l= 



*=i 



m — S— •- 



::1- 



E£ 







Him who 



bled 



Cal 



vary s 



'-^~- 



ii^rp; 






hill, And 

-«- 
-• — 



died that 



we miffht live. 



,i=^. 



zEiJ 



r^i 



He passed the portals of the grave, 

Salvation was His song ! 
He called upon the sin-bound soul 

To join the heavenly thronsr. 

He seized the keys of death and hell. 

And bruised the serpent's head ; 
He bid the prison doors unfold. 

The grave wield up her dead. 

The bread and wine do re.jreteiit 
His sacrifice for sin; 



Ye Saints, partake, and testify 
Te do remember Him. 

The sacrament the soul inspires, 
And calms the human breast; 

Points to the time when faithful Saints 
Shall enter into rest. 

Then hail, all hail, to such a Prince, 
Who saves us by His blood ! 

He's marked the way, and bids us tread 
The path that leads to God. 



E N I a M A 



P.V MRS. F. A. PASCOE. 



To find my first in Russia louk, 
Or in tiie title of this book ; 
My second is in Italy, 

Though never seen in Rome; 
My third you'll find in China, or 

The ninuntains neur at home; 
One letter more there is to find. 

And then your task is done. 
And if you wish to find it out 

.Just look at Washington. 

Arrange these four letters and then will ajipear 
The name of a place that to many is dear. 



NO BABY IN THE HOUSE. 



No baby in the house, I know — 
'Tis far tno nice and clean : 

No toys by careless fingers strewn 
Upon the floor are seen ; 

No finger-marks are on tbe panes. 
No scratches on the chairs ; 



No wooden men set up in rows, 

Or marshaled off in pairs; 
No little stockings to be darned. 

All ragged at the toes; 
No pile of mending to be done. 

Made up of baby clothes ; 
No little troubles to be soothed, 

No little hands to fold ; 
No grimy fingers to be washed. 

No stories to be told ; 
No tender kisses to be given, 

No pet names, "Lamb" and "Dove;" 
No merry frolics after tea — 

No baby there to love! 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERT MONTH. 



GEORGE Q.. CANKON, 



EDITOP. 




TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




