
" BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING 
GET UNDERSTANDING." 



THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 15, lliG7. 



NO. 12. 



VISITS OF TJIsrOI-.E C3-I^Ea-OI^ir.— -V^ISIT V. 



THERE was a dear little girl who a few weeks ago, wrote to 
the Editor of the Juvenile Instructor, asking for '"lit- 
tler words," and breathing so jiure and kindly a spirit, so inter- 
ested in the welfare of the Juvenile Instructor, that Uncle 
Gregory thought he would devote several visits to her and tell 
her a stoiy. To little AciNES and all the little girls who have 
such a kindly interest in the welfare of the Juvenile Instruc- 
tor; this story is dedicated. We will entitle it: — 

THE LORD AVILL PROVIDE. 

Jlary and Ellen were sisters. They were the children of 
honest parents, who lived in a great city. Their father was a 
carpenter, and helped 
to build large houses. 
He worked for a firm 
who took laige contracts 
for buildings; that is, 
they promised to build 
for so much money, and 
finish within such a 
time any building they 
might have to buUd. 
Their mother was a 
very good woman, who 
loved to teach her little 
girls to be good and 
useful to themselves 
and to her. You may 
wonder, little girls, what 
they could do to Vjg use- 
ful. I will tell you. 
Their father made them 
each a box to put their 
clothes in, and they 
were taught to put 
them away carefully 
when they were washed. 
They had al.w some peps in the wall on which they could hang 
some of their things near to the box. Their mamma used to 
say, "a place for every thing, and every thing in its place;" for 
she was a woman who loved order, and she taught her dear 
little girls to be orderly, .so that when they wc'nt for a walk, or 
to visit a friend, they always knew where to find their gloves, 
cloaks, bonnet.s, or hats. They did not do as .some careless 
children, who have no order, an<l who strew their things all over 
the house, and when they want their bonnets or liatscamiot find 
them; but after loeking about some time they perliaps find 
them in some comer and the kitten very snugly curled up ou 



them asleep. Then they would help mamma to wash up the 
dLshes and sweep up the house. Tho3' loved to help her; for 
she was a good, kind mamma to them, and they had no other 
way of showing her how dearly they loved her. Do you not 
know, my dear little girls, that those who traly love their 
mammas, tiy to be u.seful to them, and do all they can to make 
them feel happy that they have such good girls. 

Their father did not have verj' big wages for his work; but 
he had a constant place, so that with care and self-denial he 
was able to lay up a little money, as he paid " for a rainy 
day." The girls went to Sunday School, and read their Bible, 
and learned little hymns and ver.ses. One Sabbath day it was 







vcrj' stormy, and the girls were unable to go to school; their 
mamma promised them that in the evening she would tell them 
a Bible story, and as this story has to have an influence upon 
the future of Mary and Kilcn I shall relate it. 

The sujijier things had been cleared away, the fire burned 
cheerfully in the grate, and cast a ruddy gIdW over the nuun. 
Marj', the eldest, was sitting on a stool at her niamma's feet, 
and Ellen was sitting on pajia's knee, and there was a feeling 
of peace anil love that is always enjnyed by those who tr>- to be 
good. Their appearance on tli.it evinirig f(irnie<l a pleasant 
picture. Without, storm and rain; within, cosiness and peace. 



h^^ 



I 




JXJTTElSrirjB IlTSTE/XrCTOE/ 



■^Hi 






Mamma commenced — Many years ago, when Israel was a na- 
tion and luul kings to rule over tliem, sometimes those king? 
were very good, and sometimes very bad. It was in the days 
of one of those bad kings that an event took place which show- 
ed how God, our heavenly Father, can take care of and provide 
for his servants, when necessit}' requires, or wicked men try to 
hurt them, that I am going to teU you about. In those days 
the Lord had men upon the earth to whom he used to talk, and 
through them teach the people and also kings upon their 
thrones. In the day of which I relate he had one, through 
whom he si)oke, called Elijah, who was a prophet. "Ahab was 
the name of the king who ruled over Israel, and he was a very 
wicked king, and did more to jirovoke the Lord to anger than 
all the kings who were before him; and, of eour.se, ho hated 
Elijah, as all wicked men hate those who are good. Now Eli- 
jah, had foretold that there shoidd be no dew nor rain, which, 
of course, would iwoduce a famine in the land, for every thing 
— grain, herb, and water — would all be parched up, wither, and 
drj- up. The Lord told Elijah to hide himself by a brook near 
Jordan, for ho had commanded the ravens to feed him. And 
he did as the Lord told him; and the ravens brought him food 
to eat, and he drank of the brook. Our engraving represents 
Elijah being fed by tlic ravens. But after a time, as there was 
no rain in the land, the brook dried up and ho had no water to 
drink; but ^till the Lord could provide. There lived in a place, 
called Zarephath, a poor widow, who had one son. To her the 
Lord sent the prophet; that in her house he might provide for 
him. When Elijah came to the gate of the citj-, he beheld her 
picking up some sticks; he called to her to bring him some 
water and a morsel of bread. The jioor widow told the iiroiihet 
tliat she had not any bread; that she had only a handful of 
meal and a little oil in a cruse; that she was gathering a few 
sticks to cook her last meal, and that wlien tha' was gone she 
would have to die, as they could not obtain any more — so great 
was the famine that was in the land. Elijah told her to bake 
him a little cake, and.<aid; "Tuks naitli tJic Lunl God of Israel, 
tlif liiin-il (if meal sluill nut icastc, ncltlirr sliaU the cruse of oil 
fill', nnlil tlir day that the Lord seiideth rain upon the earth." 
And she believed the prophet, and made him a cake out of the 
liandful of meal she had in the world. But when she did that, 
there was more left, and the barrel was never empty, for the 
Lord increased the meal so that she never wanted. 

Thus you see, m3' dear girls, said mamma, the Lord can 
always jirovide, and always will provide for them who put their 
trust in him, for his jirovidence is over all. 

Tlie girls were veiy plea.sed with the story, and, after they 
had s;iid tlieir prayers, they ki.ssed their parents and went to 
bed; but they talked about the poor widow using the last hand- 
ful of meal for the prophet, and the goodness ol'the Lord, until 
tlu'y fell a.sleep, and tlie storj- had quite an influence on the 
mind of the girls as the future will .show. 
To be Continued. 



O TJ I^ IT IB L IP E I^ S . 



IW.VS reading a pleasant book. All at once my interest 
tiaggc-d. and leaning 'jack ill my chair, I looked up. Seated 
in front of a mirror, I saw not only myself, but the opposite 
.side of tlie room reflected. In.stantly my attention was directed 
to my youngest child, llenrj-, a boy in his tenth year, whose 
image I saw \n the glass. He had opened, .silently, a drawer in 
my .secretary, and at this very moment had my jiocket-book in 
his hand, from which he seemed about to take nonic, money. I 
was so jKiined and sur)jrised that I could not sjieak, but .sit vcrj- 
still, as it' a spell was on me, waiting for what he would do. 
I could see the reflection of his face distinctly. Oh, it had 



the strangest look I had ever seen upon itl It was just a little 
pale, and had in its expression both guilt and fear. All at once 
there was a slight start, as if he had heard a voice or a 
movement. Then a quick change went over his face. Tlie 
evil look of guilt went out, and pain and horror mingled 
with fear. He dropped the pocket-book, and noiseles.sly shut 
the drawer. Then lifting his eyes, they fell ujion the mirror 
and he saw, for the first time, that I was looking at him. 

Poor child! How I jiitied him. His face became white. 
The bitterness of an untold anguish was in his heart 

"Ilem-y," I said in a low, serious tone, turning towards him. 
The love and pity I felt were in my voice. In the next 
moment he was sobbing aloud, with his face hidden on my 
lap. 

"Had you seen me when you dropped the pocket-book, and 
shut the drawer?" I asked, after he was composed. 

"No, ma'am," he answered. 

"Why did you not take the money when you had the 
opportiuiity?' 

' 'I dared not. ' ' 

"Why?" 

"I was so afraid, all at once, 
strangelj- I felt. It seemed as 
toward right and towai-d ivrong. 
frightened. Then I heard a voice sa\-, just as plainly as if the 
words were spoken out in the room, 'Thou shalt not steal;' 
and I dropped the book and shut the drawer! I think it must 
have been an angel who helped me to do right," added my boy, 
looking up, now, for the first time, into my face. 

"Angels are our helpers always in temptation," I answered, 
tears blinding me. AVe can never be overcome of evil, if 
we turn to God, and let Ilim heli> its. 0, my child! may 
this be to you a warning and a lesson. A warning, in that it 
shows you how dreadful an evil is in your heart, even the desire 
to take what belongs to another, which is theft. Be ever 
on your guard. Watch, and jiray for strength to be honest and 
pure. And let it be a lesson, in so nuich as it teaches you that 
angels are always near helping ns to do right. The good, the 
blessed angels! They are God's ministers. In his great love 
he sends them to us. You have your ministering angels; I 
have mine; thcj' are present with everj' human being; and if 
wej-ield to the Holy >S|iirit and to the good influences of angels, 
we shall always dwell in safety." 



Oh, I can't tell you how 
if I was drawn two ways; 
Jly breath sto|iped. I was 



Dvn ^T 



For the Juvenile Itisfruetoj'. 

IP I I^ S T IMI I S S I O IN" 
COHSTTIHSTTJIBID. 



AFTER leaving Memphis, I traveled through the country to 
Benton count}', and preached on the way as I had opijor- 
tunity. I stojiped a night with a S<iuire Ilardmaii, an Episco- 
palian. iMost of the night was spent by the family in music 
and dancing. In the morning, at the breakfiist table, Mr. 
Ifaidman asked me if we lielieved in music and dancing. I 
told him we did not really con.sider them essential to salvation. 
He .said he did, and therelbre should not join our church. 

On the 4th of April, IS.!.J, I had the hajijiy iirivilcge of 
meeting Elder ^\'arren Parish at the house of Brotlier Fiys. 
He liad been iireacjiing in that jiart of Tennessee, in comi>any 
with David W. I'attcn, and had baptized a number and organ- 
ized several small branches. Brother Patten had returned 
lionie, and Brother I'arrish was laboring alone. I jdincd him 
in the ministry, and we labored together three months and nine- 
teen days, whcm he was called to Kirtland. 

During the time wo were together wc traveled through several 



.1 



.,^'^9. 



J- TJ "V" E 35r I L E I3^STI?.TJCTOI?. 



91 



counties in Tennessee for the distance of seven hundred and 
sixty miles, and preached the gospel daili' as we had opportu- 
nity. We bajitizcd siinie twenty jiersons. 

By the counsel of the prophet Joseph Smith and Oliver 
Cowdery, Elder Parrish ordained me an elder, and left mc to 
take charge of the branches that had been raised up in that 
ncighborliood. 

As soon as I was left alone I extended my circuit and labors. 
For a season I had large congregations, many seemed to believe 
and I baptized a number. 

On the ] oth of August I had an appointment at the house 
of Brother Taylor, the step father of Abraham O.' Smoot. I 
had to cross Bloody River, which I had to swim in consequence 
of heavy rains. While crossing, my horse became entangled in 
a tree top, and almost drowned; but I succeeded in getting him 
loose. We swam t(3 the shore separately. He reached the shore 
first, and waited until I came out. I got into the saddle, and 
went on my way in good spirits, and had a good meeting. On 
the 2Uth of October I baptized three Campbellites, one was a 
deacon. I then rode twelve miles to 3Ir. Joseph Greenwood's, 
who was eighty years old and had been a soldier under General 
Washington. His wife, who was ninety-three years old, I found 
quite smart and busj' carding wool. I ]ireaclied at their house 
and bajitized both of them. On the following day I preached 
at the hou.sc of Bcnjauiin L. Clapp and baptized seven Camp- 
bellites and one Baptist. 

On the IGth of November I preached at brother Camp's and 
baptized three. On the day following, it being Sunday, I 
preached again at brother Clapp's and baptized five. At the 
close of the meeting I mounted my horse to ride to Clark's 
river, in comjiany with Seth Utly, four other brethren and two 
sisters; the distance was twenty miles. We came to a stream, 
which was so swollen by rains, that we could not cross without 
swimming our hoi'ses. To swim would not be safe for the 
females, so we went up the stream to find a ford. lu the 
attempt we were overtaken by a severe storm of wind and rain, 
and lost our way in the darkness, and wandered through creeks 
and mud; but the Lord does not forsake his saints in any of 
their troubles. AVhile we were in the woods suifering under 
the blast of the storm, groping like the blind for the wall, a 
bright light suddenly shone around us, and revealed to us 
our dangerous situation on the edge of a gulf The light 
continued with us till we found the road; we then went on our 
way rejoicing, though the darkness returned and" the rain 
continued. 

We reached brother Henry Tliomas' in safety about nine 
o'clock at night, having been five hours in the storm and 
had forded streams many times. None of us felt to complain; 
but were thankful to God for his preserving care. 

On the following day I preached in the Damon Creek 
and organized a branch called the Damon Creek branch, and 
ordained Daniel Thomas a teacher. On the I'Jth of December 
I again preached at the house of brother Clapp, and baptized 
five persons, one was a Canii)bQllite preacher. On the follow- 
ing day I preached at the house of brother Henry Thomas, when 
a mob of about fifty persons collected, headed by a Baptist 
preacher, who after asking one question, advised the mob to not 
lay hands on any man on account of his [trinciples. The 
advice was good and well taken. At the close of the meeting 
I bajitizcd three persons, one seventy-eight years old. 

This brings the year 18-3.5 to a close — the first year of my 
mission — during which time I had travelled three thousand two 
Imndred and forty-eight miles, held one hundred and seventy 
meetings, baptized forty-three persons — three of whom were 
Camiibclhtc preachers— a.ssisted Klder Tarrish to })ai)tize twenty 
more, confirmed tliirty-five, organized three branches, ordained 
two teachers and one deacon, procured thirty sub.scnbers for the 



Mrssmr/er and Advocate, one hundred and seventy-three signers 
to the petition to tlie Governor of IMissouri for redress of 
wi'ongs done to the Saints in elackson county, had three mobs 
rise against me — but was not harmed, wrote eighteen letters, 
received ten, and, finally, closed the labors of the year 183.5, by 
eating johnny cake, butter and honey, at brother A. 0. 
Smoot's. ' W. AV. 



For fhc Juvenile Tnslruclor, 

OHILIDI?.E3^ OBEY iro'Xj:R> 



IT is more than three thousand years since the Lord 
commanded, through Moses, "Honor thy father and thy 
mother;" but Jesus, when on earth, repeated this command, 
and in these days the Lord has, through the prophet Joseph 
Smith, again said the same thing. In ancient times the Lord 
ordained that when a son persisted in being rebellious against 
his parents, after they had talked to him and pleaded with him 
and tried to show him how wicked it was, that they should take 
him before the elders of the church and tell them what a 
bad, rebellious boy ho was, and ihat the people should then 
stone him to death. By this we can see how fearfully wicked 
the Lord considers the sin of disobedience. He has not in 
these days, commanded us to jiunish our disobedient children in 
this manner; still, he does not like them now any better than he 
did then, and children who love the Lord and wish to be the 
little disciples of the Savior will not wait till they are compelled 
to be obedient, they will delight in doing anything that they 
know will please God and his son Jesus. When Jesus was 
upon the earth he was the example for little boys and girls 
as well as for men and women, and, although he was the son of 
God, yet lie was subject and obedient to his parents, in all 
things, until he was thirty years old. The boys and girls who 
are kind and obedient to their parents when they are young, 
always make the best and hapiiiest men and women, husbands 
and wives, fathers and mothers. 

There are several reasons why children should obey their 
parents — that is, where they have parents who love the Lord 
and try to keep his commandments as all good Latter-day 
Saints do. 

First: God has commanded them to do so. 

Second: Children owe their existence to their parents. 

Third: Parents have had more experience in life than 
children, and know what is best for them. 

Fourth: Parents love their children very dearly, and constantly 
labor for their good; it is therefore very ungrateful and unkind 
to be disobedient. 

Fifth: Obedient children make the best men and women; and 
their children will also be obedient to them. 

Sixth: God has promised that those who honor their parents 
shall enjoy HLs favor and be blessed with long life. 



Tire skylark and the nightingale, 

Though small and light of wing. 
Yet warble sweeter in the grove 

Than all the birds that sing; 
And so a little maiden. 

Though a very little thing, 
Is sweeter than idl other sweets. 

E'en flowers that blow in spring. 



I.N the morning think what thou hast to do, and at night ask 
thyself what thou hast done. 



b^^ 




6^ 93 




a-TJ^EiTii-.E i:ltsti?.tjotoi?/. 



©>,< 



f ufn^ttilc f ttslruclac* 



^ 



'3^ 



GEOTJOJE Q. e-viv:?fo?>f. 



EDITOR. 



JUNE 15, 1867. 



"A 



MAN told me to put it on my face, and I thought it 
would rub off." This was the reply of a little boy 
whose face was painted with red spots, when his father asked 
him how he eauie to disfigure himself in that way. The father 
was much displeased to see his son with his face marked like a 
clown's. He reproved his son for being so foolish as to paint 
his fiice. and the little boy's excuse was that the man who had 
it told him to put some on his face. He had afterwards 
tried to rub it off; but could not. By the aid of a little butter 
and some turpentine his father succeeded in getting it off. 

How many of our little readers do foolish things because 
some man or boy tells them to do so'? It is no reason that you 
daub your face, or do any other foolish thing, because some- 
body tells you to do so. Many are the boys and girls who have 
been ruined through listening to the persuasions of men and 
women, and doing wrong because they were told to do so by 
those bad persons. Boys, if a man or boy should tell you to 
drink liijuor, tci chew or smoke tobacco, to steal, to swear, to 
disobey your parents, would it be right for you to do so'? No; 
it woidd not be right. You know that all these things are 
wrong, and the Lord would not be pleased with you for doing 
them, though a thousand men should tell you to do them. 

So with you, girls; if a woman or a girl were to tell you to go 
into improper society, or to mix with people whom you do not 
know, or to conceal what you do from your parents, that woidd 
be very wrong, and you ought not to do any such thing. 

Boys and girls should be firm in resisting temjitation and evil 
influences of every kind. If a wrong spirit should whisper to 
you and tempt you to do something that is -ivrong, you should 
not yield to it. To do so would be very foolish and wicked. 
The boys and girls who continue to do so, become poor, mise- 
rable, trifling creatures. They can not be trusted by their 
parents or friends or by any good people. Sometimes wicked 
spirits get into men and women, and they try to persuade other 
people to do wrong. It is just as foolish and bad to listen to 
wicked spirits when they are in men and women or boys and 
girls, as it is to listen to them when they trj- to get into your 
own hearts. If you resist these wrong spirits, you will become 
wise and strong in the things of God, and you will have the 
favor of God and Ilis peoiile. The Apostle James (4th chap., 
Ttli verse) says: ''Resist the devil and he will flee from you." 
We know this to be true. 




"IT^^ITH the i.ssue of this number the Instructor will be 
T T published up to date, and we hope that with the jiromjit 
attention of our Agents and patrons, in fijrwarding us the 
means due on svibscriptions, we will hereafter be able to i.ssue 
each number at date. AVe have .said but httle to our friends 
respecting the publication of the Lnstkictor, and jirobably 
but very few have an idea of the expeu.se and trouble attending 
such a paper. The engravings themselves which we use in the 
jiaper arc costly, and having them compels the use of a much 
finer ijuality of ink and better paj.er. Such paper and ink as 
arc generally used fur newsi)a])ers would not answer for the I.v- 
KTRUCTOR, and if we receive the sui>port which we have reason 
to expect, we intend to use still better iiai)er and ink than we 
have at present We have explained in a former article that 



the Instri'ctor has no advertisements to depend ujjon for 
income. All the income we have to sustain it comes from the 
sub.scriptious. lu publishing the paper thus far we have had to 
incur debt. That the Instructor might be easily read and be 
attractive we ordered type and other materials expiessly for it 
from the East. This required an outlay of means which the 
subscriptions on the pajier did not furnish at the time, and we 
had to borrow. We take this occasion to state that these liabil- 
ities are now pressing us. The terms on which the paper was 
issued to subscribers were: pay in advance. But we have found 
it very difficult to strictly adhere to this rule. Many who were 
desirous to obtain the paper could not pay at the time of sub- 
scribing; but promised to hand it in at a given time. As a con- 
sequence, we have considerable due us on Volume Ons. 
The amount of a subscription is but trifling; but when these 
are multiplied, and we do not have them, we find it exceedingly 
awkward and embarrassing. AVe would like to see every parent 
in the Territory take such a pride in the Juve.nii.e Instruc- 
tor, as a paper expressly designed to teach and educate our 
youth, that they will be prompt in paying in their own subscrip- 
tions and imjiress ujion their neighbors to do likewise. This is 
all we ask of our friends. If this should be done, we feel con- 
vinced that the Instructor can be made an instrument of 
great and lasting good. 

Parents, do not ask yourselves how you can pay your 
subscriptions with something that will be of the least value to 
you; but cast about your thoughts and see what there is 
that you can pa}- — if you cannot pay money — that will be most 
available to sustain the paper. By so doing you will strengthen 
our hands. Just now we have money obligations to meet, and 
if our agents and subscribers will do what they can, conveni- 
ently, to assist us in this matter, it will be a relief to us. 

They will perceive that this number ends the half-year — a 
very proper time to hand in subscriptions. 



FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



1. How old wa.s Abram when the Lord called him out of 
Haran? 

2. What relation was Lot to Abram. 

3. Wliat wa.s the name of that king who blessed Abram and 
brought liini bread and wine? 

4. Wliy wa.s Aljrani's name changed into Abraham? 

5. Wliat was tlie covenant which God made between him and 
Abraliani's seed? 

6. How old were Abraham and Ishmael when they were cir- 
cumcised? 

7. AVho revealed tlie destruction of Sodom to Abmliani? 

8. How many times did Abraliam make intercession for the 
men thereof? 

9. We find that Lot entertained two angels; what did tlie 
angels do to the vicious Sodomites when they tried to get tlio 
angol.s out of Lot's house? and what were the names of the 
four cities destroyed at this time? 



for our juveniles. 



Gl. What did the Prophet Joseph and the saints do to liave 
tlieir wrongs redressed? 

()2. Were they successful in their applications to high author- 
ities? 

0:5. What did a notorious apostate do about this time, to 
injure .Joseph? 

(14. Did lie fully succeed in his designs? 

Go. When did Joseph receive a command to gather up the 



^^■ 






14 



CTTJ^En^ILE i:tTSTI?.TJOTOI^/. 



strength of the Lord's house, and go up to redeem Zion? 

66. When did he start from home to obtain volunteers for 
that purpose? 

67. To what office was he appointed by a council of elders 
before he departed? 

68. When did the company start from Kirtland for Missouri? 

69. By what name is the company known in history? 

70. Name some prominent men, now lining, who were in the 
company. 

" .1 ■ S'^^Q' 

For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE TAATO XjITTHiE (3-II^I-.S. 



LITTLE Mary's father was very wealthy — he had houses and 
lands — horses and carriages, and eveiything needful to 
make his family comfortable, and to gratify everj- reasonable 
wish of his children. 

He was a kind and indulgent father, and he gave his dear 
little daughter many nice things, and both father and mother 
sought to make her every way amiable and hajijiy: but JIary 
was taken sick, and although every possible effort was made to 
restore her, she had a long and painful illness, and after she 
began to get better, the remains of her disease settled in one of 
her limbs, and caused lameness so that she could not walk 
and run about with the other little girls and enjoy herself as she 
had done before her sickness. 

Her father and mother felt very sad to see their poor little 
Mary grieving over her affliction, and they tried in many waj's 
to amuse and comfort her. Thej' jjurchased a great many toys, 
and nice little books for her to read, and they often took her out 
to ride in their carriage. 

One sunnner's day, when she was riding abroad, the carriage 
overtook a little girl who was trii.iping along by the road^ide, as 
hvelj' as a bird, and picking flowers to decorate her hat; and 
skipping from cluster to cluster, to find the sweetest and 
most beautiful. Mary noticed the little girl and thought her so 
happy in running about wherever she pleased, and told her 
mother who was in the carriage, to see the little girl, saying, "O 
ma, how happy I should be, if I could use my feet like her, and 
gather such pretty flowers — see how she skips around from 
place to place, while I cannot get out of the carriage, and have 
to ride wherever I go. " 

It made her dear fond mother feel veiy bad to hoar Mary 
talk in that way, for her heart ached all the time, to think that 
her own beloved child was a cripple; and she ordered the coach- 
man to stop the carriage, and told the seiTant to go and 
pick the prettiest flowers that could be found. The ser\'ant went 
wherever he had seen the little girl ijluck blossoms, so that 
Mary should have just the same. But Mary did not feel 
satisfied — she wanted to gather them herself and because 
she could not, she did not take any pleasure in those that 
the sen-ant brought her, although they were of the same kinds 
as those which the little girl seemed to be so proud of Poor 
Marj' cried as if her heart would break, and begged of her 
mother to take her home — she imagined that the little girl was, 
by tripping along .so niemly, making sjiort of her feelings, 
becaase she was a cripple, and could not walk: she threw away 
the flowers, and said that she never wanted to ride out from 
home again and seemed to feel almost angry at the little girl 
who she thought took pleasure in hurting her feelings, by 
showing how fast she could walk, and hov hai^jiy she was 
in helping lierself, while Mary had to be waited on by llu^ 
servant. And the poor lame girl went home sick at heart and 
sick in body, ior envious and murmuring thoughts will make 
people feel sick from head to foot. 

The other little girl, who.sc name wa.s Jane, had watched 
Mary as clcscly aa Mary did her, but she was not half so hajipy 




as Mary thought. Jane's father was a poor man and did not 
own a carriage, and Jane had to walk wherever she went. 
She often thought, when she saw others riding, how fine it 
would be, if her father was rich so that he could aflford the 
means to give her a ride once in a while — it would make her so 
happy. 

Jane and Jlary were not acquaintances — Jane did not 
know that Mary was lame, and Mary did not know that Jane's 
parents were poor; and when Jane saw Mary riding and the 
seiTant running to fetch her flowers, she thought Maiy was 
a great deal better off than herself, and she felt bad, and 
hurried home with her heart swelling with grief and her 
eyes filled with tears. Her kind mother met her at the door, 
and thinking that something fearful had happened to her, she 
clasped her to her bosom and begged to know what was the 
matter. ''0 mother," said Jane, ''what a dreadful thing it is 
to be poor! How I do wish that you was able to take me out 
riding, like other folks. I have to walk wherever I go, and I 
just feel as though I never want to go from home again, to have 
rich men's girls looking down on me because my father is 
poor." 

"Jly dear child," said her mother, "what has happened 
to you?' Then Jane told her mother how she saw the other 
little girl riding in the carriage with her servant, and how 
scornfully the rich girl looked at her because she was on foot; 
and Jane said, "there she sat all primmed up and looked so 
nice and felt so jiroud; and to make me know that she thought 
mean of me, she had her servant go every where I did, and 
gather the same flowers for her that I had picked for myself, 
and when she had mocked me long enough, she rode off as 
crank as a peacock — and 0, dear, ma, it makes me feel so bad, to 
think of her, and how she looked at me!" It chanced not long 
afterwards that the mothers of these two little girls met, and, by 
mere accident, the walk and the ride were mentioned, and 
when the girls were told of each other's feelings, and wrong 
conclusions, they felt heartily ashamed of themselves, and 
instead of en\'j'ing each other, Mary pitied Jane because she was 
poor, and Jane pitied Mary because she was lame. They 
became intimate friends, and have for a long time been 
blessings to each other. 

It is to be hoped that all the readers of the Jl'VENlLE 
Instructor will profit by reading this little stoiy, and when- 
ever they feel temjited to be unhappy because somebody else 
seems to be better off than themselves, think of Jane and Mary; 
and instead of wanting what they cannot have, try to enjoy and 
be thankful for everj' blessing which they possess. 

E. R. S. 



THE 



■VEIsTTIOiT. 



OOIT- 



ONE sultry afternoon in July, about the time the steamship 
Great Eiistern was in mid-ocean, laying the Atlantic cable, 
I was resting in the shade of a largo jioplar tree on a hillside 
near the city, thinking of the wonderful experiment of imiting 
two worlds with a wire. declining on the grass I watched the 
white clouds sailing along the .sky, until they seemed to tie 
ships, with canvas spread, and swiftly moving along the .sea. I 
had strangely sunk to the ocean's bed, and was looking up 
through the deep blue waters to the surface, and aduiirnig the 
beautiful ships as they silently floated along. 

While I was thus gazing at the ships, a vcrj- largo vessel, 
ruftling the surface-water with hor paddle-wheels, and ditrken- 
ing the high atmosphere with hor smoko, pas.sed over mc, uud 
slowly a plaited wiro settled along the bottt)«i of the sea noar 
my resting-place. It was the Great Eastern laying the cable. 

At once, upon the appearance of the mysterious cable-wire 



fe'^es^ 



■^^^ 





TJ ^ El iNT I Hi E IICTSTI^TJCTOI^ 






c'^ ^ 



auioug them, there is a hasty assembling together of the finny 
citizens of tlie deep. There is a grand convention of fishes of 
every tribe, and school, and size, and sort. They come in 
crowds from all quartei-s of the nether seas. There are rcpre- 
sentatives from every briny chamber and rocky recess along the 
line of invasion congregated in excited groups to discuss the 
merits and the meaning of the wiry creature that is settling in 
their midst. They dive about in reconnoitering attitudes, eying 
the wire from side to side, and cautiously feeling it with 
their gills, darting to and fro to find its head or tail, but 
returning more puzzled than ever, shaking their heads and 
asking a thousand unanswerable questions. The more they 
consider the matter the more they are bewildered. Both the 
beginning and the end of it are out of the range of their 
compreliension. They swarm in long lines of busy, curious 
spectators, waiting and watching in the water to sec whether the 
wonderful object will show any signs of life. 

In the stdlness of this deep contemplation, a committee of 
investigation is appointed to inquire into the affair of all 
absorbing interest. On motion, Sahuon, Midlet, and Whiff are 
unanimously appointed to consider the momentous question 
at once, and report their views and suggestions forthwith for the 
benefit of the community. The committee thereupon retire to 
a little niche in a fissured rock over which the mystic wire 
is stretched, put their heads together, and conclude that it is a 
new species of fish come to dwell with them in their watery 
dominion. 

"It is not a sterlet," says Whiif, "although it is armed with 
bony scales, and has no mouth that I can see; nor a sword-fish, 
although it is destitute of fins, aud iu body appears to be hard, 
and narrow, and sharji." 

"No, nor a narwhal, and yet that twisted thing we see may 
be only the long, horny tusk of the monster we dread so much, 
and whose body .shall be plainly visible by-and-by," saj's 
Mullet with a shudder, and a very solemn countenance. 

"It must be either a goby or an eel," remarks Salmon, with 
a wise turn of his head toward the quiet stranger above them, 
"for only see its snake-Uke form; and did you not experience a 
singular sensation as your nose touched its hard scales? I think 
there is life in it, more life than we imagine; and as for me, 
I prefer getting out of this place immediatel}'. ' 

At this moment a shark comes along, having followed in the 
wake of the Great Eastern from the Irish shore, watching 
for plunder in the business, but shrewd enougli to preacli a little, 
nevertheless, by way of keeping up resi)ectable appearances. 
Being aware of his superior knowledge concerning the 
matter, the committee of special investigation ask him to 
exiilain the mystery for thcLi- edification and comfort. The 
shark proceeds: 

"That object of your wonder and alarm is a harndess instru- 
ment by which thinking marvelous beings who dwell in an 
element above ours, send their thoughts from continent to 
continent iu the twinkling of an eye! For you must learn that 
there is a great world ol' thoughts, and words, and activities — of 
glories, and grandeur, and untold possibilities, above its, which 
we do not compreliend. That uitper world is inluibited by 
creatures wlio enjoy a life so sujierior to ours, that you would 
disbelieve my story if I but told you the beginning." 

"All nonsense — our facte are all against such an idea," says 
MuHet-hoad; "tliere is no world above our own world of water, 
and shell, and rock, and slime; anil there are no living beings 
but such as dwell in the sea." "So say I," "xVndl say^o too," 
exclaim the other members of the committee; and the whole 
disbelieving congregation flutter their fins, take a swallow or two 
of briny water, and deny the truth the shark proclaims. J'/in/ 
rtjict the. ston/ fejr want of brains to comprehend it. But 
the world of human thought, and action, and enjoymeiit, of 



which they had heard, is just the same — just as real as if every 
finny doubter had believed. 

So it seemed to me, for I had been dreaming, there is a grand 
siihere of realities and progi-essions above us where immortal 
beings move and love. A line of communication has been let 
down among us. Unlike the fishes, we are capable of 
interpreting its meanings and embracing the truth. The life- 
apparatus of a human heart can, by a touch, take off a message 
anywhere along the line. The spirit of the Lord flashes in 
thrills of love along the mystic wire of His word. The battery 
is up in another sphere. The line starts from the firm shore of 
heaven, and flashes its blessed facts down through our dark, 
deep world, as lightning words flash through the seal 

And yet some men are silly as the fishes. They do not 
believe in a world better and higher than this, wlicre they have 
but mortal life. But their rejection of the eternal fact will not 
in the least disturb the messages that are sent along the wire to 
believers. The blessed world is therel 

"There is a future, oh, th.ink Godf 

Of life tills is so small a p.irt; 
'Tis (lust to dust beneath the sod, 

But there— up there — 'tis heart to heart." 

— Oitr Sehoolday V(t-itor. 



For the Juvenile Insiruclor, 



To be wise or useful, we must be industrious. By industry, 
all our wants are sujiplied. If we desu'e to be scholars, we 
must not be lazy. Now is the very time to lay the foundation 
for usefulness. Idleness often brings on sin, and with sin comes 
misery. 

Do you wish to be a scholar? improve your time. If you 
have to work, as most boys and girls have, let your time be 
well spent. Read a little every day; vnlta occasionally; learn a 
little geography; study aritlimetic; become acquainted with 
grammar; and when you have a love for study, you will take 
more real pleasure in it, than you wUl in play, or in the dance. 
Some children say they have not time to study. Blany liave 
time to play and to be idle. The sun shines as long for one 
child as for another; although the labors of some are more 
onerous than tlie labors of otliers. 

To become acquainted with music, to be a good public speak- 
er, to be fit for an ofiiee of trust, to be a good mechanic, to be 
a good soldier or sailor, or to a useful schiiolnia.ster, we must be 
industrious. We may have natural ability, we may liave 
respectable parents, we maj' have plenty of money, but we 
must have jyerseverance in doing good to be fit for society, such 
society as Latter-day-Saints are striving for, — the society of the 
just. 

A few years ago Utah was a desert, and would be so now but 
for the industiy of our people. Industry rears our houses and 
tabernacles, opens farms, erects telcgrajihs, buUds railroads, 
and i)ei firms all that we see or hear. If we have ability, or 
any endowment of nature, God gave it to us, aud He expects 
us to use it for good. 

Some children are more fond of th'css than study, trying to 
imitate the butterfly, and ])ut on the latest fashions, without 
thinking whether it will be for their good. Neatness of dress 
aud of the person is jn-aiscworthy. Taste and refinement are 
good qualities, and belong to the industrious. No one can be 
a really good person and be lazy. 'I'lie kingdom of God has 
need of all the information and usefulness we can command. 

Do we u.'<e tea, coffee, tobacco, or strong drinks? we must 
overcome these bad habits, and in their iilaces substitute good 
habits. This, cliildrcn can do with the help of the Lord, the 
Author of all good. Wm. 



!5^^ 



^ 




Cr TJ -^ E Z^ I L E I3^STI?/TJCTOI^, 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 



HAA'E an}' of the little readers of the Instructor ever 
wondered where the language they speak came from? Or 
do they know how it is that we speak what is called English 
and some of their neighbors speak, Danish, ^\'olsli, French or 
German and there are many hundreds of other languages spo- 
ken on the earth? If they do not know how this is, I will try 
and tell them. 

When God placed our first parents on this earth he gave 
them a language by which they could coinuiunicate their 
thoughts t© one another. Their children probably spoke that 
language till the days of the flood and for some time after, for 
we read in the Bible that after the flood, when people again 
became numerous, they thought they would build a groat tower 
which the Bible calls the Tower of Babel, so that if there 
should come another flood they could go u(5 into the tower and 
be saved from destruction. But God saw fit not to permit 
them to finish the great work they had comuicneed. He "con- 
founded" their language; that is, He caused that they could not 
understand one another; consequeptlj' they could not jirocced 
with their work, beea,use the}' were unable to tell one another 
what was to be done. So they ceased their work, and began to 
scatter abroad upon the face of the earth, every family speaking 
a diflFerent language; and from these have sprung the great 
Bumber of languages now sjioken. 

But my little readers could ask if the English language came 
from the Tower of Babel? No; it did not: and it is probable 
that there is no language on the earth now, spoken as it was 
then, for languages change with time and circumstances. But 
soiue languages now siioken may eouUiiu some of the elements 
of the language spoken at that time. It is possible that some 
of the languages now spoken nia.v contain a small element of 
tie first language; for there are some words meaning the same 
thing in languages now spoken which sound nearly alike. For 
example, I will take the word mother — it is in English Mother, 
Celtic Al.ith^tir, German Mutter, Selavonian Maser, French 
Merc, Latin Mater, Spanish Mndre, Persian Mader, Sanscrit 
Madra, Russian Mat, Greek Metro. This would .seem to indi- 
cate that such words came from one and the same language. 

But I want to tell my little fiiends more especially how our 
own language came into existence. It came from England, and 
that is the reason it is called EngHsh, the same as the language 
of the French people is called French. 

The first inhabitants of Great Britain or England, that history 
tells us any thing about, were Celts, and their language called 
Celtic is still spoken in a somewhat changed form, by the ^A'elsh, 
Highlanders of Scotland, by some of the Irish, and the inhabi- 
tants of the Isle of Jlan. 

Fifty-five yeai-s before the birth of our Savior the Romans 
under Julius Cse^ai' invaded Great Britain, and after fighting 
many fierce battles with the natives of that countiy, they suc- 
ceeded in conquering the whole island, which they held in their 
possession for nearly five hundred years. During this long 
period, the language of the Romans, which was the Latin, 
became .somewhat mixed with that of the native Britons. 
About the year A. D. 449 a Briti.sh king named A^ortigern 
invited a peo])le called Saxons from the continent of Europe to 
come over to England and help him fight the ]-'icts and Scots, 
a pcopile living in Scotland who were then at war with the Brit- 
ons. 

The Saxons came over in gi-cat numbers, and affci-wards 

turned their arms against the pe(j|ile they came to assist, and 

i* they finally su<:ceeded in conquering the larger portion of the 

^ island. !Many of the inhabitants however fled to the mountains 



of Wales, where their descendants still remain and speak their 
native tongue, though somewhat corrupted by the Latin, Saxon 
and Norman. 

The Celts or Britons who remained in the conquered 
portion of the island, were divided with the land, and distributed 
among their conquerors as serfs, which" is little better than 
being slaves. And the manners, customs, laws and language 
of the Saxons became the manners, customs, laws and language 
of Britain. The language of the Saxons, being thus introduced 
among the native Britons, underwent but little change for 
five hundred years, with the exception of the addition of some 
words of the Celtic, the language of the natives. We add to 
our language to day in the same wa}- by taking words and teims 
iVom languages spoken around us; for instance, such words, as 
"lasso," "lariat," "corral," "canon," "adobes" (now calkd 
dobies) "cache," "range" we have taken from the French and 
Spanish since we have been in this country. It was during the 
above period tliat the foundation of the English language was 
laid. 

About the year A. D. 790, the Norsemen" or Northmen, 
including the Norwegians, Danes and Swedes began to invade 
the island of Great Britain. The Danes conquered the country 
and ruled it for some time, and the Danish or Norse tongue 
became somewhat mixed with'the language then spoken by the 
inhabitants of the island, which, as my little readers will 
remember, was a mixture of the Celtic, Ijatin and'Saxon. This 
mixture of the Danish accounts for the great number of words 
we hear our Danish brethren speak, which sound so similar 
to words meaning the same thing in our own language. 

In the year A. D. 1006, William, Duke of Normandy, came 
over from France \vith an army, and after some hard fought 
battles, succeeded in conquering the country. Their language, 
the Norman French, took the place of the Saxon in govem- 
mental aflFairs, and became the language of the nobilltj', couits 
and schools for about two or throe hundred years. The 
Normans held the inhabitants of the island in contempt, so umch 
so that they spoke thjir own language, and the native 
inhabitants spoke theirs for a long time without their mixing 
much. As an example, the natives being the lower and labor- 
ing classes, had to labor for the Norman nobility; the latter 
called an ox a beef, and the Saxon called it an ox; the Normans 
called a sheep a mutton, and tlie Saxons called it a sheep; a hen 
was called a pullet by the Normans, &c. This .shows how 
we have got a mixture of the French in our language. 

After a long time, the Saxon mixture again became the 
universal language of the land, only it bad taken into it 
very many Norman French words. And thus, by time and 
circumstances, our language arose, being formed principally 
from five languages — in the following order: 

1st: Celtic, the language of the first inhabitants of England. 

2nd: Latin words, introduced during the time the Romans 
ruled the country, and at different other periods. 

3rd: Saxon words, introduced when the Saxons conquered 
England, which are the ground woi-k of our language. 

4th: I»anish words, mtroduced while the Danes ruled 
England. 

5th: Norman French words, introduced when the Noniians 
conquered ]'>ngland. There are also many words taken from 
the Greek, Frcncli, Si^anish, Italian, German and other 
languages, which have grown into u.se in dillerent ways; but a 
larae majority of the common words of our language are Anglo 
Saxon. W. W. R. 



A TEAriiER once asked a very little child, "Where is the 
p]ast?" "Where the njorning comes fronj," was the prompt 
and pleasant reply. 






^"^ 96 






a"TJ"^E3^ILEI IILTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



^rigiaal f^oclrft. 



LITTLE 



Jb)- ?/ie Juvenile Instructor. 

H J^TT I E - 



head. 



Gentlp. little Hattie! ttnder, loving chikll 
Shedcling beams of gladness; laugliiiig nuisie wild; 
Speaking words of comfort, to the little ones; 
Cheering little, sad hearts, by her gentle tones; 

Knitting Ijrother's stockings, comforters and mitts; 
Singing songs for mother, as by her side she sits; 
Smootlis her pillow tenderly; watches by her bed; 
When bowed down by sickness, bathes her ach: 

See her chase the lambkins around the willow tree, 
In their sportive gambols, innocent as she; 
Milk the spotted lieifer; drives the calves to feed; 
Taking then the Juvknile, 'neath the tree to read. 

Merry, little maiden! shedding love and light; 
^Making home more gladsome, b\- her presence bright; 
■Who that reads tliese verses, will not thankfnl lie. 
That Hattie dwells in Ziou, 'mid truth and purity. 
West Jordan. Esther A. B. 



J^or the Juvenile Tnxtructor. 



j^isr 



-^:p:fe..^l to 

LOI^L. 



TUL 



"T DOX'T helieve it," thouglitlessly said a mother to her 

X toddling lisping boy, as he strove to poiir into her ear the 
Etorj- of Ids baby troubles. 

"Don't b'lieve it, Ma," replied the little one, in his baby 
style of talking, as his face reddened at the idea of his mother 
fancying he told a faiseliood; "don't b'lieve it, Ma," added he 
a moment after, "den you may do and ast Dod.'' 

This little boy had been taught to kneel by his bedside eveiy 
evening, before he lay down to rest, and ask Jesus to "listen to 
a little child," and he felt sure God heard his praj-ers. If so, 
reasoned he, God will heat n anmia as well, and he could think 
of no better way of setting himself right in his mother's eyes 
and proving his statement, than by directing her to "go and 
ask God." 

His mother smiled at his idea, and was no doubt satisfied 
that her little son had told the truth. 

Now this speech of our little friend may .seem to some a verj* 
strange one. Still his idea as far as he understood it was a 
Ci)rrect one, for there is no surer plan, no better way, for those 
ytW are in doubt or trouble, or who lack wisdom, than to "go 
and atsk God " in the right way. The answer may come in 
nitbirr a different manner than what this httle one imagined it 
would, yet it will be none the less .sure if we ask Ilim in faith, 
and a* He \\xn directed, in the name of His Son Jesus Christ. 
It was through asking the Lord that the I'mjihet Jo.seph first 
received tlic word of revelation. Through praj-er holy men of 
old ieanicd the ways of their heavenly Father, and in this .same 
way the servants of tlie Lord Jesus learn his will in our day. 

PLANTING TREES.— A poor oM man btisily planting 
an apjile-trcft w.as rudely asked, "What do you plant trees foi? 
You can't cxjiect to ejt the fruit of tliem." He rai.sc<l himself 
up. and leaning ufion his spade answered, "Some one plaiit<'d 
tiees iM-fore I was brirn. and I liave eaten the fruit. 1 n<pw 
repay the debt, and show my gi^titude bi' planting trees lor 



h>^- 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

C 131 J^ I^ .A. T) E . 



BY LKHI TINGEY. 



I am composed of 12 letters. 

My 1 , 2, 3, 4, is a nickname. 

jMy 10, 7, 8, 9, is what we should do f(5r each other. 

My (■), a, f), is what some call their fother. 

jMy 1,12, y, .5, is a relation. 

iMy 1(1, 11, 9, is a part of the bod}-. 

jMy whole is a city of the United States. 



For the Juvenile Instriictor, 



BY D. Daniels. 



I HAVE been known for centuiies in England, Franco, Italy, 
Spain, Germany and Holland; but strange to say I never had 
an existence in Europe. I am also known in America, yes, 
even in Utah. I flourish all over Great Salt Lake, although I 
am never seen in New York, Boston, London, or Liverpool. 
Some people have the boldness to say that I have never been 
seen in a school; let that be as it may, little boys and girls have 
to know me pretty soon when they get there. ^Vhat do you 
think I am'.' 



B@~T[iE answer to the Charade in No. 10 is ELIPHAZ. 
(See book of Job, -Itli chap.) The following sent us correct 
answers: — G. K. Emery, Eliza A. Rumell, Ellen K. Ilumell, 
M. A. Morris, jM. A. Jenkins, Joseph H. I'arry. 

Henry B. Emery correctly answered the Bible Questions in 
No. 9, and George 11. Emery the Catechism in the same 
number. 



A LITTLE head with golden hair, 

A little face so sweet and fair, 

A little hand with its dimpled grace, 

It wanders lovingly over my face. 

And a sweet voice whispers sol't and low, 

"I love you sister — I love you sol" 



Humanity. — Youth is the proper season to cultivate the 
benevolent and humane aft'ections. Never sport with jiain or 
distress in any of \-our amusements, or treat even the meanest 
insect with wanton cruelty. 

If any one .speak ill of thee, con.sidor whether he has truth on 
his side; and if so, reform thyself, was a wise renuirk of an old 
))hilo.«oiiher. 

vJTJ^vTElNriLEl IISrSTK/TJGTOI^ 

/.5 puMisliid in Ureal Halt Lake Vily, Utah Teirilory, 
ON THK FIRST it FIFTKENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



SliiRle ("op.v, per Annum 8^ 00 

Single Copy, for .SL\ Mouths 1 50 

#jy~ 7/ M rrjH'rtrf} u-Iit^rr iK/rulfi fitru'itrd nanirt t?iri/ u-itn/r rexprmsibte 
frn- Ihr luiper.i //ii/.v nrilirid: niui lelua Ciiali pii/jntriilx an- nuide, llif}/ 
intl plra.tr fiirward llicm Willi the Irlirr cunl liuuu/ Ihc names of the 
.tiih-trrilirrs. 

Jfv' li'iter Il'm. //. Slifarjiutn, Logan, will art as Ceurral A(jrnt for 
Carhe Vallr}/. ... , 

air drain brnuahl to this CUu for the .IrvKMIT.K iNSTItt'CTOR Vlllbc 
received at tite ajjice o/ our jiajirr—VEtiKHKT News Buildikos. 




