
VOL 2. 



-*-S£^ 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY. FEBRUARY 1, 1BG7. 



NO. 3. 



TIKIS ZROZMZ-AJST G03SrQ,XJEST OUT 1 JERUSALEM. 



&. 



NO city ever built on this earth has so many interesting mem- 
ories, to those who look for the deliverance oi' Israel. as 
Jerusalem. That city where a temple of the living God alone 
reared its head in all the world, when we except the temples 
built on this continent. The city where prophets lifted then- 
warning voice for many hundred years; where Jesus proclaim- 
ed the message of sal- 
vation to men, and 
Outside whose walls 
He was offered up on 
the cross as a sacrifice 
for the sins of the 
world. A city that 
from the time it was 
fii>t built by that great 
high priest) Meichi.-e- 
dec, to the time it was 
taken and destroyed 
by the Roman armies 
under Titus, fell seven 
times into the hands 
of its enemies and was 
blrioe made desolate. 
( haw greatly loved by 
tin- Lord; but whose 
children were slow to 
hearken to his words 

or to obey his law-. 

Jacob, the father of 
the twelve patriarchs, 
shortly before his 
death, called bis child- 
ren together and bles- 
sed them, prophecy- 
in;.' many things that 
should, in after times, 
happen to their dc- 
mmndfnti, When lay- 
ing hi- haul- on .Ju- 
dah, he said, "the 
sceptre shall not de- 
part from .Juilah, nor a lawgiver from between his feel DStil 

Shilob [Jams] i •'' Thi- mi rnMlled in the history of this 

kibe. Tboagh tln-ir country am overran by their enemies, 

their city eaphin-d. ami they led into Captivity, vet a Icing DOVOr 
ruled B*er .ludah who was not a dc-cendant of Israel, until 

shortly baftn the advenl of Jeans, irhon the legioni ofohe 

Boman army, in their al!-eom|Uering march, overeame tin- 



Jews, and added Judea to the list of provinces of that empire. 
Then for the first time a Bfcranger king reigned in Jerusalem. 
Herod, of Idutnea, was the first man of foreign birth ever 
clothed with this authority, and he still reigned when the 
Savior was born. The sceptre had departed from Judah, and 
his rulers were strangers and idolaters. 




It mn-t not be rapposed thai the conquered peoplo had qiuVt- 
|y submitted to thil .-late of thine-. Tie- yoltfl of foreign rule 

-ailed them exceedingly. They, the children of 1 any promi 

Ms, the inheriton of the blessing! of Abraham, Isaac and 
Jacob, the covenant people of the Lord they to be oourged, 
alau and made the servants of those v>i cither knew the 

true (bid nor were heirs Ui his promisee, but gentiles and aliens! 



h&*sr 



e^ 



>*5 




IS 



J.TJYEITILB I1TSTBUCTOB 



The thought was madness to many of them, and relying on the 
righteousness of their fathers, they looked for and claimed 
immediate deliverance from God, forgetful of their own sins 
and of the prophets they had rejected, and who had so often 
warned them that if the^ did not return to the ways of their 
fathers they would suffer the anger of their heavenly king. 
Every zealot who came along with a pretended message of 
peace from above was eagerly listened to, and his words made 
the occasion of raising seditions against their Roman masters. 

Soini after Herod's appointment Antigonus, of the Jewish 
royal family, raised a revolt in Jerusalem, and defended the city 
with the utmost bravery. Nothing could exceed the desperate 
valor with which those under his control fought. For five 
months, in the midst of privation, sickness and famine, they 
resisted the advances of the Kotuan forces. Even the priests, 
undaunted by the misery around them, offered daily sacrifice in 
the courts of the temple. At last the superior discipline of the 
besiegers, combined with their huge engines of attack, accom- 
plished their purpose, and the defenders were ruthlessly put 
to the sword. The infant and the aged, the maid and the 
mother were indiscriminately murdered with the warrior and 
the priest. So great was the' rage of the conquerers at the 
determined resistance they had met with, that for a long time 
their officers could not stop the slaughter. They overran the 
temple, penetrated into its sacred places, and would have 
despoiled it of its treasurers, but for the intercession of Herod. 
He had frequently to ask if they intended to leave him king of 
a desert, so savagely did they keep up the work of destruction, 
and it was only by making them large presents, that he was able 
to appease their fury, and obtain safety for his subjects' lives 
ami property. 

Antigonus, the Jewish leader, was taken prisoner, and sent 
in bonds to Rome; but was put to death before ho reached 
there. Many also of the sacred vessels of gold were sent to 
Mark Antony, then one of the three greatest men in the Roman 
empire, and supreme in that part of it in which Judea was 
situate. It is this scene that our illustration is supposed to 
represent. 

Herod shortly re-commenced the re-building of Jerusalem: 
he repaired and greatly beautified the temple, and strove to 
make the rule of the Romans acceptable to the Jews. They, 
however, continued increasing in wickedness, and soon ripened 
for destruction. God sent his Son to them; they rejected and 
slew him. His apostles Bounded the gospel in their hearing; 
they would not listen. They became more and more restless 
every j'ear, and. finally, made one more terrible attempt to 
throw of the foreign yoke. For six months they withstood the 
power of Rome in the midst of horrors and sufferings almost 
incredible, and only equalled in the history of this world by the 
la-t great war between the Lamanitea anil Nephites which end- 
ed in tie- de i ructii I' the latter people. One million of Jews 

are said to have perished during the siege by famine, by disease 
or by tin swords of their enemies. At last their city was wrest- 
ed from them and destroyed. The place where their beautiful 

temple si 1 was plowed over, and they were scattered over the 

face of the earth. Since then, this city of promise has been in 

tie- hands "I' strangers, but we look forward to a brighter and a 
better day, when Israel -hill pos ess their ancient land for an 
everlasting possession, when they shall rebuild their waste 
places, whin the voice of joy and gladness shall for ever be 
heard in their midst, and they -hall once more be a mighty 
nation, and God, even the God of their fathers Abraham. 
Isaac and Jacob, Bhall be their < rod and they will be his people, 

G. R. 



TlTF. happiest little boy we ever knew, was one who was 
always ready to share his L'ood things with other children. 



ntn 



Sum 0$,%m$. 



W 



TBI IE 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

SNAKE. 



IF my young readers should turn away from this heading with 
abhorrence, and think what possible good can anybody say 
of a snake, it would appear very natural to me, being myself so 
unfortunately constituted, either in consequence of various im- 
pressions in early childhood or on account of some weakness in 
my nervous system, that the aspect of a snake, dead or alive, 
causes me to feel miserable and horrified. But this is the very 
reason why I take up this subject, to show you that our minds 
should strive to raise itself above personal prejudices and grant 
justice to the works of nature, all of which have come out of 
the hand of the Almighty for some wise purpose, and that, at 
least as far as we have at present the understanding, a worm 
could no more help being born a worm, than the snake being a 
snake. The philosopher — that is any man, who delights 
in studying the operations of nature — sees beauty, wisdom and 
kindness, where the casual observer oftentimes finds nothing 
but disgust or contempt. The personal feelings of anybody 
about certain parts of the creation can never be taken as a 
standard for our judgment; some, for instance, feel faint 
in beholding a little mouse, others run away in fright be- 
fore a kitten, and many have been ready to go into fits on 
coming in contact with a toad, and 1 knew a young man who had 
contracted such a disgust for pigs, that the very sight of them 
made him shudder. 

It is true the snake has had a bad reputation ever since the 
story of the garden of Eden has been known, and for ages it 
has been identified with the enemy of mankind, which impres- 
sion has been strengthened by its noiseless gliding in the grass 
and its propensities for hiding itself, which superstitious 
people readily attributed to a bad and treacherous character. 
I5ut if we carefully observe the life of the snake, his bodily or- 
ganization, the food assigned him by nature and the manner in 
which he is compelled to attain it, we will find that there is no 
more cruelty or sneaking treachery in it than in the habits of 
the royal lion, who springs upon his unsuspecting prey, or the 
favorite hound who seizes the timorous rabbit, or even the 
fisherman, who catches the mute fish, each one tries to get his 
food by the means with which nature has furnished him. The 
worst accusation, however, hurled against the snake, is his ven- 
om. But also in this respect I must admit, that his reputation 
is worse, than he deserves, as by far the greater number of the 
various kinds of snakes are not poisonous. "But what can 
be said of the really venomous snakes? Is it not too bad to see 
them cursed with such a terrible gift in addition to their other 
already repulsive qualities? Is this not a sign that the Lord 
wanted them to be cursed and persecuted and hated and placed 
upon the earth as a sign of his wrath and indignation." Hold 
on! Mix not up your ignorant prejudices with the benevolent 
designs of the Creator, who gave thee reason and made thee in 
his image and gave that snake venom — both recipients of his 
all providing care. See, all venomous snakes are comparatively 
of a heavier build and of slower motion than other kinds of 
snakes, ami would not therefore stand an equal chance with 
them in obtaining their food or in defending themselves; if it 
were not for the venom, the snake could neither keep his 
enemies off nor kill his prey, which would otherwise escape. 

One argument, thai I have often heard, remains for me yet 
to dispose of, it is, that all animals have some friends in the 
animal world, but the snake has none and is hated by the whole 



h^Si- 



ti 



to 



JTUYE1TILE INSTRUCTOR. 



19 




creation. This is :■ favorite argument with some, but I Bee DO 
other reason for it being a favorite than that it is nol true. For 
the snake, ami the worst of them at that, the rattlesnake has a 
great and inseparable companion in the prairie dog. who shares 
with him his nest and winter-quarters: For every prairie dog is 
sure to have his rattlesnake friend with him in hi hole. Even 
among men snakes are not without friend-, for in some pans of 
America. Canada for instance, the large, but harmless black 
snake is kept in some houses as a domestic animal to clear the 
premises of mice, rats, etc., and is often - a to climb up the 
chairs to reach the milk on the table, when perhaps a tap with 
the spoon on the head from a child may teach him bettel 
manners. It is said of the Druids, (lie priests of the ani it m 
inhabitants of Great Britain, that each of them carried a large 
Sue snake under bit garments, twined around his waist, arms 
or neck, that ate with him, slept with him and .-bared with him 
the veneration of the people. 

••Nature explains itself out of itself." was the Word of a 
sage, and even in the ca.-e <<f the snake we have this saying 
verified. Where superstition and prejudice see nothin 
hatcfulness and treachery, nature bears to us another glorious 
testimony of the wisdom and all embracing care of our 
heavenly father, which is so often misunderstood and misinter- 
preted by not listening to the true voice ol Nature. 



iitiU fBttfttg** 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



A TRUE STOET. 
HIS KINDNESS TO ANIMALS. 



AFTER the excitement of his visit to the big city little 
George was very tired, and slept BOundly until the -inn 
was given m •■< morning for the boys to arise. II" had slept so 
Bonn Uy that he could not for a little while gather his sena - to 
know where lie was, and what was required of him. \\ hen be 

nnderst 1 where he was he felt quite glad, and thought 

that he would rather be inside (be big walls than anywhere else 
in the world. 

Hi- desL ee his friend, the kind lady, made him wish to 
visit the big city; and when he found that he did n >t live whore 

she did, sin- appeared lost to him. lb- bad his uncle and aunt 

and little sister somewhei the big walls; but he did 

not know where they lived. 

lie knew where to tiiol his tVi-iol-s inside the big walk, and 

he could see them every day, and he loved tbem dearly. Be 
bad a very soda] nature, that i-. he loved and he 

always desired son le t<> love him, and whoever did love 

him, he loved them very strongly in return. Nol oidy would 

),, love men and v.. mien and boys and girls Who were kind 

to him, but he would lov< four leg ■ ,1 animals also that mani- 
ihntenl to him. 

( hie cold, Wet d.i; . wlcn he v ■ ' 

tic- big city, little George was tilting in ■ warm conn r under ■ 
bread-shop window, and hi- attention ■ ractod 
little boys throwing rocks at and running after a poor little dog, 
that seemed also to be without ■ home like himself Itwas 
a pretty little dog, and appe ired as thon [fa it bad bet n I lady's 
r a- though i< bad wen 1" tter d 
One of the boys had hit ii with ■ reek on i ofil I 

and the | lor, little, (right! Ii' d thin Dl and U ni 

Pa*" * 



tied that it did net know where to hide, to escape being killed 

by the wicked buys, who seemed bent on its destruction, while 
at the same time its screams of terror gave them great delight. 

The dog and the boys i tme running on to where little Gi 
was sitting warming himself on the top of the baker's oven. 
Just as they Same opposite to him, the dog at once made for little 
George's corner, and took refuge behind him, anl seemed 
to Bay to him, "0 do save me from the ill usage of the e 
bad boys." George's mind was soon made up as to what 
he would do. 

The little, helpless, friendless dog had asked him to protect 
it in a time of great danger, and he was determined to do BO if 
i; co i him a good whipping. On came the boys, thinking they 
do anything with the poor, little, n I hoy in the 
corner, because he was not dressed and fed as well as they. 
The Gist boy thai tried to gel the dog little George pushed 

down On to his seat with BUch force, that be -lid some distance 

on the muddy pave D ii . ( hi came another boy and be .-bared 

the same fate. These vtct ■ 168 over the attacking foe. made tic- 

little, pen* ''it ddog have courage, and when the third 

boy came on, it -nailed, and seized him by the leg, and he went 
off bawling. The fourth boy. fearing a similar fate, took to his 
heels and ran, and BO did the Other two carrying with them 
considerable mud on thoir pants. 

Little George now bad time to look at bis persecuted friend. 
He Bat down in the warm coiner, and the lo.-t <\^'i came and got 

on hi- knee, and whined, and curled itself up on his lap. and 
then it licked his hands, and tried to lick his t'.u-i-: it also wag- 
ged its tail, and it had a very pretty tail to wag. and then 
it curled itself up on little George's lap again and fell quite 
happy and contented. 

By these movements little George understood the poor 
unfortunate dog to say; "I thank you for beating off those fail 
boy-, and thus befriending nie in a time of great need; I will 
now live with you. and follow you wherever you go." That 
little dog did follow him wherever he went for several v. 

and slept in bis DOSOm or at hi- back at night, wa- a lino frf( ud 
to him. and fought for him many a time wlcn he got into 
difficulties with his playmates. 

One day little ' lend were walkis 

in one of the line streets in the big city, when a grand lady ex- 
claimed, "There's my little, l"-i Fido." 

The meeting of bido and hi- lady mi lie-- wa- ind 

tender one. Little Fido hoi d every manifestation of joy. He 
frisked about, and leaped up mi tic lady' 

and whined, and laid down, and rolled OVOT, and .-at upon 

hi hind Ii . and pawed with hi- fore feet, and then ran 

all around the lady, and lit I K- George thought that he actually 
-aw tears of joy running down lidos I.e. and ibe lady 

dill Wipe her eyi - e n, twice. 

Little George stood and watched these manifestations of 
gladness, anl understood thai he v hi- hide, 

faithful iVi ud. 

The lady, inquired of him whi re he found her little pet He 

hi i lie history, a- well :i- he OOuld, bow hi- and I 

aes were united, and then he exclaimed, "fat. kef i 

will not take him In 10, I like him. and In' like- me." 

The lady of course, oould nol pan with her pet. Sic 
link- George some ney, and satisfied him bj t. Ding him thai 

In- might '..me to tin- he I I '.\ and sec little fido. lie 

did this, and ever after that time be found a place wlcn 

I. . mid get t 1 whi n h iy. 

I have rolati I this itorj 'if little Geoi and bid., to 

that he |, imiI not onh men and Women and boj - and girls, but 
little dogs if anythin ■ that wa- kind to him. and that he would 
nut hurt any of < red I ■ bow the J 

t. warded him for his kindness to i t litllu 1 ido. 



■iHS 





JTJTE1TILE IUSTE/TJOTOB 



CM 



$1$ SuNitil* fnslpucloi!. 



la*? 



IB 



GEORGE Q. CAJVjVOjV, 



EDITOll. 



FEBRUARY 1, 18 6' 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 



fer^S, 





UNBAY SCHOOLS are institutions 
which, if properly conducted among us, 
can not fail to accomplish much good. The 
lessons received there make an indelible 
impression upon the minds of children. 
All who have grown to mature years, and 
who, when children, attended Sunday 
schools, can bear testimony to this. The 
false teachings and impressions which they 
received in schools in the world have 
used many men and women to reject the gos- 
pel; while the knowledge of the scriptures im- 
parted to others in such schools prepared them 
to understand the truth. From what they 
learned there they could see that the doctrines 
the elders of this church agreed with the teach- 
ings of Jesus and his apostles. 

Schools of this kind have exerted great influence 
upon the human family. The priests of the various 
religious sects have seen the importance of them, and in the 
cities of Babylon they pick up all the children they can find, 
who do not go to Sunday schools, and persuade them to go to 
their schools. They know that if they can get them to attend 
their schools while they are young, they will be able to bring 
them over to their way of thinking and always have them under 
the influence of their sect from that time forward. Catholics 
train the children in their schools to believe Catholicism is 
right and true, and their church the only true one on the earth. 
Presbyterians, Baptists, Methodists, and all other so-called 
christian sects, do the same, and they fasten then' fetters upon 
the young, before they are old enough to bo able to know truth 
from error. They bind them to their worship with bonds that 
very rarely can be broken while life lasts. Thousands of dollars 
are given every year by members of those sects to their priests 
to maintain Sunday schools; books, pictures, tickets and prizes 
of various kinds are bought and given to the scholars to 
encourage them to attend school. 

Not having any hopes of turning the men and women who 
belong to this church from their faith, an effort is now being 
made to lead our children astray. A sectarian Sunday school 
is kept up in this city, and one of its objects is to induce 
our children to attend. Those who are at the head of this 
movement know that if they can only get the children of the 
Latter-day Saints to go to their school, they can soon teach 
them what they want. It is a cunning move, and one that 
ought to be guarded against. Yet we are surprised to learn 
thai there are parents belonging to the church who permit their 
children to go to such a school. The children get presents, 
and not knowing the danger they are in, wish to go to 
school, and parents are willing that they should. Foolish 
people! they do not know what they are doing. Let them be- 
ware; for if they do not, their children will yet bring great 
sorrow upon them. There are good Sunday schools kept in 
most, if not all, of the wards of the city. At those schools the 
principles of the gospel are taught in plainness. There is 
no excuse, therefore, for Latter-day Saints permitting their 
children to go to a school kept by the enemies of their religion. 



"pLICK, CLICK, CLICK." says the telegraph machine. 

\J A person listening to it, who does not know its language, 
perceives no sense in its sounds. The tapping of a woodpecker 
on a hollow tree is understood by them just as much as the 
click of the telegraph. But the words which you speak to one 
another are no plainer to you than the click of the machine is 
to the operator. Every sound has a meaning to him. At the 
bottom of the great Atlantic ocean lies a telegraph cable. It 
has made its bed in the very fine, minute shells with which the 
bottom of that part of the ocean where it lies is covered. It is 
stretched from the coast of Ireland in Europe, to that of New- 
foundland in America. When it was laid, how the fish must 
have stared to see such a strange thing descending into their 
country. Some of the more timid, when they saw it, may have 
been scared, and probably swam off as fast as they could to tell 
their companions the news. Very likely the bolder ones swam 
towards it, and examined it with curious eyes. Perhaps they 
pitied the timid fellows for being frightened at such a harmless 
thing as a cable. What wonders have been accomplished 
through that cable which lies so quietly in the depths of the 
sea! A man sitting at a table in Ireland can talk over the cable 
with another in Newfoundland with nearly as much ease as two 
men can hold a conversation together in one room. The time 
occupied by the words passing over is scarcely perceptible. 
News from London, Paris, Berlin, Vienna and St. Petersburg 
can be sent to New York one day and be read in the newspapers 
all over the United States the next morning. 

We have our home telegraph wire stretched through our 
territory from Logan, one hundred miles north of this city, to 
St. George, three hundred and fifty south, also to Manti, San- 
pete county, one hundred and thirty-five miles distant. By 
its aid President Young can sit in his office and converse with 
Bro. Erastus Snow at St. George, Bro. Ezra T. Benson at 
Logan, President Orson Hyde at Springtown, and the Bishops 
and Presidents in the various wards and settlements. Should 
counsel be wanted, it can be flashed along the wire almost with 
the speed of thought. Whatever happens, in any part of the 
territory, can be known in a few minutes by Brother Brigham. 
This great improvement increases his facilities, and endows 
man with an almost godlike power. 

Children, you should rejoice that you live in an age like the 
present. Great changes are constantly taking place, marvelous 
discoveries are being made, and all things' are working together 
for the accomplishment of God's pur-poses. 



AS the time is approaching when it will be necessary for us 
to send east for the purchase of our supply of paper, ink 
and engravings, we are desirous of collecting all the means that 
we can from subscribers, who are in a position to pay all, or a 
part, of their subscriptions in money. In making this request 
of our subscribers we have no wish to impose any bur-dens upon 
them; but there are many who, we feel satisfied, would deem 
it a pleasure to assist us in this matter just now, and who only 
need a bint of our wants to step forward and meet the require- 
ment. Such a sum of money as we have to raise would 
scarcely be felt when divided among our subscribers; but if left 
to us to raise it would prove very embarrassing. Will our 
patrons kindly give this subject their early attention, and for- 
ward ther means immediately. By doing so they will confer 
a great favor upon us. 



J3Q" We have a few sets of Volume One of the Instructor 
on hand, which those wishing to purchase can have by applying 
at this office. 



J" TJ ^T E 1ST I L IE IUSTBTJCTOB 



THE 



_FW Me Juvenile Instructor. 

MEETING OF ESA.TT 
J^JSTJD JACOB. 



ESAU AND JACOB were twin brothers, sons of Isaac and 
grandsons of Abraham, a little of whose histoiies is to be 
found in the Bible. Esau was the older of the two, but he was 
not so good a man as Jacob in some things; and he did not care 
for the blessings of God, nor for the blessings to which he was 
entitled, through being older than Jacob, as much as his brother 
did. He was fond of hunting, and by referring to the 25th 
chapter of the book of Genesis you will find, that one day 
when he came home from hunting he was hungry, and so little 
did he esteem his birthright and the blessings which accompa- 
nied it that he sold it to bis ^ 
brother for a little pottage 
to satisfy that hunger. 

When their father Isaac 
was growing aged, and wish- 
ed to bestow upon them his 
patriarchal blessing, Jacob 
and his mother had to use a 
stratagem to secure the first- 
born's blessing for Jacob, 
which he had bought and 
Esau had forfeited. You 
will find it recorded in the 
27th chapter of Genesis. 

Because of this Esau 
hated Jacob and sought to 
kill him, and Jacob for fear 
of his brother, fled from 
home and went to live in the 
land of Haran with h i s 
uncle Lab an, a brother 
of his mother's. Here 
he resided many years, 
during which he married 
his two cousins, Leah and 
Rachel, having served four- 
teen years with his uncle to 
gain them as wives, and 
their servant maids, Zilpah 
and Bilhah; and by these 
four wives he became the 
father of twelve sons and 
one daughter. These sons 
were the fathers of the 
twelve tribes of Israel. 

Jacob herded the flocks of his father-in-law Laban on shares 
and he became very rich in flocks and herds. After he had 
re Id in the land of Haran about twenty years, tin' Lord said 
onto him;— "Return unto the land of thy fathers, and I will be 
with thee." So Jacob moved with his family, and his flocks 
and herds, and all his L'oods, from tin' place where he had lived 
SO long, to go to his father Isaac, in the land of Canaan. 

Iv-aii had al.-o grown rich and powerful during the time his 
brother had been away; and Jacob sent messengers to tell him 

that lie was coining. Then Ivan started to meet him with four 

hundred men; and Jacob feared that Ivan, remembering hi- 
old hatred, was coming to destroy him; so he -cut presents of 
his flocks and herds to him. During the night before they met, 
the Lord came to Jacob and wrctled with him, but did not 
ov e rc om e |him; and in the morning He blessed Jacob, and 
called his name Israel, which means "I'rincc of (iod," because 

he had mob power with God and with men. 
When Esau and Jacob met the next day, after a separation 





of over twenty years, all old grievances Were forgotton. They 
embraced and kissed each other as shown in our illustration; 
and they wept for joy. The meeting must have been an affect- 
ing one indeed. But God had overruled their lives: and those 
two men, twin brothers, were made by Him the fathers of 
nations. Yet if Esau had done right before the Lord, they 
need not have been separated. He had married two wives 
from among the gentiles, which was not pleasing in the sight of 
God; he had undervalued the blessings which he might have 
received, and forfeited his right to them; and he had given 
way to evil passion, which always brings sorrow. Let our 
young readers ever avoid quarrels with their brothers and 
sisters, honor their fathers and mothers, keep the command- 
ments of the Lord, and they may become as great as Jacob, 

without having to suffer the 
sorrow of heart which ever 
follows wrong doing. 



I'll Know About It. — 
"No one will know any- 
thing about it," said a boy, 
trying to tempt another to 
do something wrong. 

"But I would know all 
about it," answered his 
companion. 

"What if you did?" said 
the other. 

"What if I did? Why. 
I'd feel so ashamed that I 
shouldn't want to know 
myself!" was the reply, 
made with honest indigna- 
tion at the thought of a 
mean act burning on his 
cheeks. 

Amiable at Homk.— 
"i^ou might be as gentle 
and as amiable at home as 
when out among strangers,' 
said a sister in reproof of 
her brother's rudeness of 
speech 

"So I might, sis," was his 
good-h u m o r e d r e.ply . 
"Thank you for the remind- 
er. It was needed, and 
shall not be forgotten. " 



.A. G-OOT3 



For the Juvenile Tn>tvuetor, 

EXAMPLE. 



m&& 



PI'TJIAI'S some of my young friends have been deprived of 
the privilege of attending school when they were small, 
and now see themselves behind those of their ages, who have 
had better advantages. This is naturally mortifying to the 
feelings, and a silly pride prompts some young people i" 

stay away from school, when they h.ive opportunities forgoing, 

in i because they feel ashamed of their ignorance, and > ( 
io remain ignorant rather than expose their wanl of learnin 

going to school and commencing to learn. In doing BO, 

they act \en unwisely, It i- no disgrace for per one to be i ■ 

norant of what they ne\er had the ohl ol knowing; hut it 

i di graceful for them to remain in ignorance when opportuni- 
ii, offer lor them to obtain instruction. 



■HS 





JTJYBB"ILB IITSTRTJCTOB. 





During the first years after this church was organized, 
the people were under the necessity of moving from place 
to place so often, that children had but little chance to go 
to school; which was a very trying thing for parents who felt 
the necessity of their children being well educated. It was all 
that many of them could do to get food and clothing for them 
— they had no schools, and no time to instruct their children in 
many things of book knowledge — in which they should be early 
instructed. 

But it is very different with us now. The Lord has protected 
us in this our mountain home, until we have had time to estab- 
lish good schools, and most, if not all of the children, have 
opportunities to learn. It is true that some have mueh better 
opportunities than others, but I have noticed that some of 
those who go to sehool most, and have the best advantages 
do not learn as fast as others who have few privileges, 
but apply themselves more diligently to their studies. Merely 
going to school does not make scholars, without close applica- 
tion to study. 

I wish here to drop a word of encouragement to those who 
have not had opportunities for schooling, or if they have, have 
neglected them, and now feel themselves in the rear of their 
associates. "It is never too late to do good" is an old maxim, 
and will apply very well in many instances. Do not feel 
discouraged, and do not let foolish pride prevent you from com- 
mencing now, that which should have been done before; 
remember that you are not growing younger by waiting. 

During the second year after my arrival in this valley, I 
became acquainted with a young man, who was very intelligent 
on all subjects that had come under his observation, but he 
had never been to school a month in his life. When on his 
way to the valley, he was called into the ''Mormon Battalion." 
He was then but a boy, and by the time he was released 
and came to this place, he had grown up a tall man. He deeply 
felt the need of education, and was very mueh tried and morti- 
fied in seeing himself a man in size, when he did not know how 
to read, or even write his own name. 

A school had just been opened in the same fort where 
we lived, and this young man asked me what I thought of his 
going to school, lie said he knew that it would be very 
awkward for him. as large as he was, to go to school and com- 
mence reading and spelling, in the midst of little children who 
were advanced in studies. I told him to go, by all means, and 
never mind anything that might be said in derision; and he 
would enjoy the benefits in all time to come. He said he 
knew he should be a laughing stock to some of the boys, but 
he determined to go; and he applied himself with such energy, 
li nd made such rapid progress, that in less than four months, 
he was prepared to commence the study of another language. 
This patience and perseverance was, at times, put to a severe 
test by some of his former associates, who, as ignorant as him- 
self, and too proud to go to school, made him the butt of ridi- 
cule, as he went to and returned from the school-house. It 
was almost more than he could bear, and he felt for the moment 
like retaliating, but his better judgment told him that they 
were rather objects of pity than of revenge. We boarded at 
the same place, and in those long winter evenings, I never was 
more happy than when rendering him assistance in his studies. 

Since that time, he has been sent on missions to distant 
nations; has studied several different languages, and has Inline 
testimony to the truth of the gospel in seven or eight dialects, 
to as many different nations. 

lie is now a very respectable citizen in Great Salt Lake City. 
while those boys who made fun of him for going to school, instead 
of cultivating and preparing themselves for usefulness, soon, 
by idling away then' time, became of no account, and then- 



memories have perished from our midst, 
friends will imitate the "good example." 
Great Salt Lake City. 



I hope my young 



E. R. S. 



^nsr zesc^ttiimi^ttix: boy. 

POOK little fellow!" said Aunt Phoebe, as John came in 
from the wood-pile with an armful of wood. His cheeks 
were like two rosy apples; the tip of his nose was blue: 
the snow-flakes powdered his hair. "It is too bad that he 
should have to go out in the cold such a morning." 

John had been too busy in getting the wood to feel much 
troubled by the cold, but now that his aunt pitied his case as a 
hard one, he shivered, rubbed hi- hands together after he had 
thrown down the armfrd of wood, and stamped about the floor, 
making quite a wry face, and pretending (I am sorry to say this 
of John) to be half frozen. 

"Can't I stay home from school to-day, mother? It's bitter 
cold, and is snowing so fast." 

"Stay at home from school for a little snow!" answered his 
mother, in a tone of surprise. "I wouldn't like to. send that 
excuse to the teacher to-morrow. Oh no, John, No staying 
at home for a little cold and snow." 

Aunt Phoebe, who was not as wise as she ought to have been 
for a woman of her age, took the boy's side, and pleaded that 
he might not be sent to school; but his mother knew what was 
best for him, and said he must go. 

"But first," she added, "run over to the store and get some 
meat and beans for dinner." 

"Oh dear! I shall get frozen!" said John, in a whining 
voice. 

"It's too bad, sister! You've got no feeling for the boy!" 
exclaimed foolish Aunt Phcebe. 

"John won't think so when he gets to be a man," replied 
the mother, kindly, but firmly. "Now hurry off. my son. It's 
growing late, and you mustn't be a minute behind time at 
school. ' ' 

So John, who knew that his mother's word must be obeyed, 
ran off to the store, and soon came back, all in a glow, bringing 
the meat and beans for dinner. He shook the snow from his 
thick overcoat, as a dog would shake it from his shaggy hide, 
and stamped his heavy boots in a real manly way. 

"Now for school," said his mother, in a cheery voice, as she 
took the basket from his hand. "If it wasn't too late, I'd tell 
you about the way in which the Esquimaux boys get their 
dinners sometimes. But 1 must put it off until you come 
home." 

"Can't you let him stop a minute to warm himself?" said 
Aunt Phcebe. 

"Oh, I'm not a bit cold," answered John, who just then 
heard the whistle of a neighbor's boy on his way to school; and 
oft' he started with a leap and a hurrah, and was at the school- 
house before the bell rang, feeling as warm as a toast, for all 
the wind and snow. 

"Ami now for the Esquimaux boy and his dinner!" ex- 
claimed John, as he bounded into the house on coming home 
from school. His mother took down a book from the shelf, 
and showed him a picture of an Esquimaux boy catching birds 
with a long pole, with a basket at the end of it. 

"What a queer-looking boy!" said John. "What a funny 
dress! What is lie doing, mother?" 

"Getting his dinner," was replied. 

"Catching birds?" 

"Yes. You see an Esquimaux lad, who lives away off in 
the icy north. He is dressed in furs to keep him warm. It is 
night for half the year where he lives, and he is always 
surrounded with ice and snow. During the greater part of 
this long night, he lives in a room away down under the snow, 
to get into which the people have to crawl through a long low 



JTJVEITILE IITSTETJCTOR, 




passage-way sometimes twenty or thirty feet long. In this 
room, not larger than our kitchen, six or seven persons often 
live. They have no wood nor coal in their snow and ice-covered 
country. To get light, and fire to cook with, they burn grease 
in lamps and pans. Their food is walrus, and seal, and bear's 
meat; and in the short summer, they catch birds that flock 
there in millions to lay eggs and rear their young. They have 
no flour, nor beans, nor rice, nor sugar. No ripe fruits, nor 
garden vegetables such as we have. ' ' 

"Oh, what a dreadful place to live in," said John. 
_ "But they don't think so; and the boy you see with the 
bird's net of seal skin tied to the end of a narwhal's tusk, and 
standing on an ice-covered ledge of rock jutting over the water, 
doesn't think it any more of a hardship to get his dinner in this 
way, than you did to run over to the store this morning for your's 
and mine." 

"What kind of birds is he catching, mother?" asked John. 

"They are called little auks, and are something like ducks, 
but with shorter wings. The great auk is as large as a goose, 
and can swim under water faster than a man can row a boat; 
indeed, it is said that six men in a boat once pursued a great 
auk, swimming under water, but couldn't overtake it." 

John looked at the picture for some time in silence. Then 
he said, 

"If the Esquimaux boys can stand it, I don't think I ought 
to complain. And I won't any more. Why, I've everything, 
and they've got almost nothing." 

And John was as good as his word. No one ever again 
heard him talk about freezing; or staying at home from school 
because of a snow-storm. He felt that he was so much better 
off than the boys of Greenland, that he was ashamed to utter a 
complaint, even if the cold sometimes stung his ears, and 
pinched his nose, and made his feet, as Annt Phcebe said, like 
ice balls. 

It is good for us, sometimes, to compare our lot in life 
with that of others, and to think about the many blessings 
we enjoy; not that we may feel proud, or better than others, on 
account of what we have, but that we may feel thankful, con- 
tented and compassionate towards the poor, the weak and the 
humble. — The Children's Hour. 



§i*g***il* 



JOSEPH SMITH, 
IE 3 IR, O IF? H IE T . 



TZHZIE 



N September 3rd, 1837, a conference was 
held at Kirtland for the purpose of re-or- 
ganizing the church. At that conference 
one of Joseph's counselors — Frederick G. 
Williams — was not sustained; also three 
of the Twelve Apostles, and several mem- 
bers of the High Council and other offi- 
cers, were objected to. Luke Johnson, 
Lyman E. Johnson and John P. Boynton 
were the names of the three apostles who 
were not sustained. The two last named had 
left their callings and gone to merchandising. 
John F. Boynton attempted to justify himself 
before the conference for his conduct; but Elder 
Brigham Young, in a plain and energetic man- 
ner, strongly protested against such a course, and 
stated his reasons why he could not receive him into 
fellowship until there should be a hearty repentance 
and confession on his part. Boynton made si ill 
further remarks; but witli the spirit he then had, he could not 
satisfy the congregation, and they voted to that effect. The 




failure of the Kirtland Bank was the cause, he said, of his 
difficulties. When men fall into darkness they fee? inclined to 
blame everybody but themselves for the trouble they get into. 
They are all right; there has been nothing improper about their 
conduct; but somebody else has committed some great wrong. 
This is a trick.of the devil, children, and you should never let a 
spirit of that kind have any power over you. 

John F. Boynton said that he thought that the Bank had 
been commenced by the will of God, and he had been told that 
it should never fail, let man do what he would! In reply to this, 
Joseph said, that if this had been told to him, no one had the 
right from him to say so, for he had always said that unless the 
bank was conducted on righteous principles it would not stand. 
All who were present who had the Spirit of the Lord, knew that 
Joseph spoke the truth, because they knew that God would not 
sustain a bank, or any thing else in his church, that was not 
conducted in a proper manner. 

The Kirtland Safety Society, or Bank, was established by the 
direction of Joseph for the benefit and advantage of the saints. 
Those who were faithful sustained it by their faith and works; 
but the dishonest took advantage of every opportunity they 
could to speculate and swindle. It was on this account that 
Joseph withdrew from it, and afterwards published a caution to 
the people, warning them about the schemes of those wicked 
men. Brother Brigham Young was the first to discover the 
roguery that was being practiced by those men. He had 
deposited some money in the bank, which, while it had been in 
his possession, he had put a private mark on. He wished to 
help a family to emigrate to Missouri, and had occasion to sell 
a piece of land for that purpose. Oliver Cowdery was the 
purchaser. He was to pay for it in Kirtland bank money; 
Brother Brigham supposing that he would be helping the bank 
by taking up money that was in circulation. As soon as he 
commenced to count the money he saw they were his marked 
bills which he had deposited a few days before in the bank, and 
which ought then to be in its vaults. Warren Parrish was the 
principal operator in this business. He had his partners; and 
they did not stop until they had taken out all the money there 
was in the bank, and also signed and issued all the notes they 
could. Many of the elders and saints were very desirous to 
keep up the credit of the paper, and they would sell any thing 
they had for it, to take it up. This gave Parrish and his con- 
federates great opportunities to swindle the saints and obtain 
their property; for when the money was redeemed and returned 
to the bank, instead of being retained, it was taken out again 
and given to speculators and gamblers to repeat the same pro- 
cess by buying up more property. All this was done without 
the knowledge of the prophet Joseph, or the directors, they 
having issued orders that the money should be retained in the 
bank as fast as received. 

At an assembly of the church in the Lord's house, on Sept. 
10th, Luke and Lyman E. Johnson ^nd John F. Boynton came 
fin ward and made their confessions and were received into fel- 
lowship by (he vote of the church, with the privilege of retaining 
their apostleship. But you will see that they did not retain it 
long. Joseph having been appointed, with his counselor Sid- 
ney lligdon, at a conference to travel and establish places of 
gathering for the saints, they all left Kirtland on September 
27th for that purpose. They traveled to Missouri. During the 
absence of Joseph from Kirtland on this mission, the above- 
named men, with Warren Parrish and Joseph Coc, and some 
others, united together for the overthrow of the church. Soon 
after Joseph's rUiirn to Kirtland, December 10th, this dissent 



band openly ami publicly 



renounced the church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints, and claimed that they were the old 
standard. They called themselves the churoh of Christ, but 

dropped the name of Saints. They said that Joseph was a 



IS 




6<X\ 24 



JUTBITILE I1TSTBTJCTOB 



fallen prormet and that he and the church were heretics. As all 
apostates do. they had to show their blindness. In dropping 
the name of Saints they thought they were making an improve- 
ment; but they forgot that the Lord had said, through the 
prophet Daniel, that the Saints should possess the kingdom. 

While Joseph was in Missouri he met in council with the 
elders and saints, and regulated matters connected with the 
town site of Far West. It was also decided that there was 
sufficient room in the county for the saints to continue gather- 
ing there from abroad. The previous summer, (August 5th, 
1837,) the authorities of the church in Missouri had resolved 
in council to go on moderately and build a house unto the name 
of the Lord in Far West. When Joseph arrived there he 
counseled that the building of that house should be postponed 
until the Lord should reveal it to be His will to have it 
commenced. A general assembly of the church was also called 
together, and particulars of the recent re-organization of the 
church at Kirtland were given. At this meeting Frederick G. 
Williams was not sustained as counselor to Joseph, and Hyrum 
Smith was nominated and sustained in his stead. There was a 
president and two assistant presidents over the church in Zion 
— David Whitmer, John Whitmer and W. W. Phelps. 
They were objected to by the church; but they made confession 
and satisfaction and wore sustained in their positions. 



Drinittat $$tit\\. 



THE 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 
BIRTGrHIT ZEnTTTTJIE^Irl!. 



Haste blessed day, when sword and spear 
Shall clang no more on battle plain; 
"When love shall lill the place of tear, 
And peace below forever reign. 

Cumc, usher in the promised day, 
When bugle's note no more shall sound 
To summon marshalled hosts away 
Where terror, blood and death abound. 

Inaugurate earth's jubilee, 
Smite wicked tyrants, — lay them low: 
That crushed humanity may see 
The end of misery and woe. 

Wipe tears of grief from widow's eyes; 
Ileal tender orphan's bleeding heart; 
That comforted they may arise 
To freely taste the sweeter part. 

Speed "ii, refulgent, blissful time, — 
The gloom of ages c\ erthrow, 
That all may see thy light sublime, 
And gladly own thy might below. 



J. ClIRYSTAL. 




(Tortcsttott&cttcc* 

W 

Great Salt Lake City, Jan. 31st, 1867. 
Ediioi Juvenile Tnslructor: 

I have not come to the knowledge of your Juvenile In- 
STBUOTOR until about a week since, which was through Beeing 
its prospectus in the little office at the temple gate. I straight- 
way wont to the News office and obtained the back volume and 




subscribed for the Second. My children have had a feast ever 
since. 

It purports to be, to me, the commencement of a work that I 
have much desired to see published by Latter-day Saints. You 
have my prayers and good feelings' for its continuance and 
success. I shall ever feel pleased to speak in its favor and 
encourage my neighbors to its support. You will please pardon 
me for this intrusion, for I could not very well suppress my 
feelings. 

Your brother in the gospel, 

G. M. Keyser. 



CATECHISM 

FOR OUR JUVENILES, 

Republished from No. 1. with their answers: — 

20. Who was it that teased Joseph for part of the writings to 
carry home, contrary to the mind of the Lord? 

Martin Harris. 

21. Bid he keep the covenant he made to obtain the writings? 
No; he broke his covenant and lost the writings. 

22. What did the Lord take from Joseph in consequence? 
The Urim and Thummin, and afterwards the plates. 

23. Was it restored? and, if so, why? 

Thej' were restored, because Joseph humbled himself before 
the Lord. 

21. Who appeared to Joseph and Oliver Oowderv, on the 15th 
of May, 1829? 

John the Baptist. 

25. What did he confer upon them? 
The Aaronic Priesthood. 

26. Who were the first persons baptized by authority in this 
dispensation? 

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery. 

27. When were they baptized? 
On the 15th of May, 1829. 

2s. Where did Joseph complete the translation of the Book of 
Mormon? 

At Father Whitmer's, Fayette, Seneca County, New York. 

20. From whom did Joseph and Oliver receive the Apostle- 
ship? 

From Peter, James and John, of the Twelve Apostles who 
were with our Savior when he was upon the earth. 

30. What were the names of the six persons comprising the 
church when organized? 

Joseph Smith, junr., Oliver Cowdery, Hyrum Smith, Peter 
Whitmer, junr., Samuel II. Smith and David Whitmer. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

C SI .A. IR, .A. ID IE . 



BY MORRIS WILKINSON. 



I am composed of 21 letters: 

My 17, 5, 10, 20, 14, is a fruit grown extensively in our Dixie. 
My 21. 19, 13', is an article of. wearing apparel. 
My is, 19, 11, is a small quadruped. 
My 20, 16, 9, 0, 18, is a man's name. 
My 15, 4. 7, 11, 2, 5, is a written communication. 
My 1, 12, 3, 12, is, !>, 6, 5, is one who abandons his duty. 
My S. 10, 5, 19, 21, is a woman's name. 
My 7, 4, 15, 6, 17, 5, 10, 20, 21, one of the greatest discover- 
ies of the age. . ■ 
My whole is a great benefit to the citizens of Utah. 



JXJ'VElSriLE IZESTSTIR/iyaTOZR, 

Is published in Qreat Sail Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum 83 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

&&* It is expected where agents forward names they will be responsible 
fur the papers thus ordered; and when Gush payments are made, they, 
wiU please forward them with Vie teller containing the names of the 
subscribers. 

&S- Elder Wm. II. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agciti for 
Cache Valley. 

US- Grain Itromiht to this Oily for the Juvenile Instbuctoh will lie 
received al the office of our pager— Deseket News BiiLniKOS. 




