
r?P> 



VOL 4. 



SAl/r LAKK CilY. SATLIRUAY, DECEMBKK, 3, 1869. 



NO. 25. 



nDISOOATEK.'Y OIP OOLXD IIST G^IjIFOK.2Sri^. 



THE two men in the en?rnvintr bpfni-e iis seem dei^i'Iy inrer- 
efted in conversation, and one is pointing to some p'ace 
in the distance, as 
though describing 
soiuet h i ng that 
had occurred or 
some dis cov ery 
tliat had been 
made. He appears 
excited, and has 
evidently snocpfr'- 
ed in communicat- 
ing his excitement 
to the other. The 
other has a vial in 
his hand, wliicii 
the man who is 
pointing has f;iv(n 
to him to examine. 
That via! contains 
the subject of tlieir 
conversation, and 
the cause of their 
excitement. It is 
gold. They have 
cause for excite- 
ment, for the dis- 
covery of those few 
grainsof gold, Willi 
the discoveries of 
the extcns vc dc - 
posits which iiil- 
lowed, were des- 
tined to effect one 
of the greatest re- 
volutions of mod- 
ern times. 

In July, 1847, 
the Battalion of 
Latter-day fjaints 
which the General 
Governaient had 
called f r, and 
which had been 
enrolled one year 

previously at Council BlulTs, was discharged in Californ' i. 
After the discharge, the major |)ortiuii of tlie bruilircn pro- 



ruied animals and travelod north. Pome of them stopped to 
work in that country. Others left California and came on to 

this valley. 

President Young 
and the company 
of Pioneers had 
leen hire, laid out 
the city, commen- 
ced the building of 
c^|V<^ a fort, and leaving 
' Ir some of their num- 



ber, had staited 
Jck on their re- 
turn journey, and 
the companies of 
f'auiilits wliich had 
Ici'lowcd them to 
ibis valley had just 
reached here when 
ibese members of 
(be Uattalion ar- 
rived fiom Califor- 
nia. Tlio.se who 
i.id no families re- 
luiined hero, but 
lie otheis pushed 
in for W inter 
'^uarrers, w li i ch 
,ilaee they reached 
ifter suffering nia- 
ly privafioiKS on 
le road tor the 
want of food. 

Tliose members 
of tlie liattalion 
who remained in 
Califoriiiu went to 
work wherever 
llicy ciiuld get em- 
pliiyment. A num- 
ber of them were 
eiiiiiioyed byaCap- 
tian Sutler, whose 
Pon was near (lie 
present .site of tlie 
I'ily III S u-raiiinini. ScvimmI iif tbom were engaged by him at 
a mill wbiili lie and a .^lr. .Marshall owned at Colwma; and it 




iqI^^' 



fe^^ 



I 



ft. I 



y 



J 




194: 



J TJ "V E ITI Xj E IlTSTI?.TJGTOI^, 



^-5' 



was at this place where the gold was discovered. Other dis- 
coveries were afterwards made by members ot the Battalion, 
which were exceedingly rich. 

Brothers Ira and Sidney Willis and bro. Hudson discovered 
gold on what is known as Mormon Bar, on the American river, 
where rich deposits were found; and through the labors of the 
Battalion in that country the gold of California was revealed 
to the world. 

This dis'overy has changed the tide of commerce, developed 
an empire on the Pacific and caused the nation to advance with 
unprecedented strides and has efl'ected important changes; all 
doubtless designed by Providence to prepare the way for the 
accomplishment of the great Latter-day work. 

The engraving is intended to represent the discovery at Sut- 
ter's mill; but it is scarcely true to nature. 



LEOIPJ^K^H) OIF THIE J^X:Eb. 



h- 



One morning I heard a strange cryj high up in the air. And 
on looking up, I saw what appeared to be an eagle, but 
much larger than any I had ever seen before. On asking what 
it was, my men exclaimed: "It is a ffuaniomm, the leopard of 
the air; the bird that feeds on gazelles, goats and monkeys; 
the biid that is the most difficult of any to find and to kill." 

"Yes," said Querlaouen; "in my younger days, I remember 
that my wife and myself were on our plantation, with some of 
our slaves, and one day we heard the cries of a babe, and saw 
a child carried up into the sky by one of these guanioniens. 
The baby had been laid on the ground, and the guanionien, 
whose eyes never miss anything, and which had not been 
noticed soaring above our heads, pounced on its prey, and then 
laughed at us as he rose and flow to a distant part of the for- 
est." Then Querlaouen showed me a fetich partly made of 
two huge claws of this bird. What tremendous things those 
talons were! how deep they could go into the flesh! 

Then came wonderful stories of the very great strength of 
the bird. 

The people were afraid of them, and were compelled to be 
very careful of their babies. These grand eagles do not feed 
on fowls; they are too small game tor them. Monkeys are 
what they like best; they can watch them as they float over the 
tops of the trees of the forest; but sometimes the monkeys get 
the better of them. 

"People had better not try to get hold of the guanionien's 
young, if they want to keep their sight," .•■aid Gambo; "fur, 
as sure as we live, the old bird will pounce upon the man that 
touches its young." 

For a long time I had heard the people talking of the guan- 
ionien, but I had never yet had a glimpse of one." 

Now looking up again, I saw several of them. How high 
they were! At times they wou^d appear to be quite still in the 
air; at othe.- times they would soar. They were so high that 
I do not see how they could possibly see the trees; everything 
must have been in a haze to them; monkeys, of course, could 
not be feen. They were, no doulit, amusing themselves, and 
I wonder if they tried to see how near they could go to the 
sun. Some at times flew so high that I lost sight of them. 

In the afternoon, I thouglit I would ramble lound. I took a 
double-barreled .Miiooth-bore gun; and loat'ed one side with a 
bullet in case I should see large game; the other barrel I loaded 
with shot No. 2. Tiien I sauntered into the woods till I reached 
the bank of a little stream, and there 1 heard the cry of the 
mondi [Culohim S'ltmins), which is one of the laraest monkeys 
of these forests. From their shrill cries, I thought there mu;t 



be at least half a dozen together. I was indeed glad that I 
had one barrel loaded with big shot. If the mondis were not 
too far off, I would be able to get a fair shot and kill one. 

I advanced very cautioui-ly until I got quite near to them. 
I could then see their big bodies, long tails, and long jet-black, 
shin ng hair. What handsome beasts they were! what a nice' 
looking muff their skins would make! I thought. 

Just as 1 was considering which of them I would fire at, I 
saw some big thing, like a large shadow, suddenly came down 
upon the tree. Then I heard the flapping of heavy wings, and 
also the death- cry of a poor mondi. Then I saw a huge bird 
with a breast spotted somewhat like a leopard, raising itself 
slowly into the air, carrying the monkey in its powerful, finger- 
like talons. The claws of one leg were fast in the upper part of 
the neck of the monkey; so deep were they in the flesh that 
they were completely buried, and a few drops of blood fell upon 
the leaves below. The other leg had its claws quite deep into 
the back of the monkey. The left leg was kept higher than 
the right, and I could see that the great strength of the bird 
was used at that time to keep the neck, and also the back, of 
the victim from moving. The bird rose higher and higher, the 
monkey's tail swayed to and fro, and then both disappeared. ■ 
It was a guanionien. Its prey was, no doubt, taken to some 
big tree where it could be devoured. 

The natives say that the first thing the guanionien does is to 
take out the eyes of the monkeys it catches. But there must 
be a fearful struggle, for these mondis are powerful beasts, and 
do not die at the eagle's will. Theie must be a great trial of 
strength, for, if the monkey is not seized at an exact place on 
the neck, he can turn his head, and he then inflicts a fear- 
ful bite on the breast of the eagle, or on his neck or leg, which 
disables his most terrible enemy, and then both falling, meet 
their death. 

I looked on without firing. The monkeys seemed paralyzed 
with fear when the eagle came down upon them, and did not 
move until after the bird of prey had taken one of their num- 
ber, and then decamped. When I looked for them, they 
had fled for parts unknown to me in the forest. I was look- 
ing so intently at the eagle and its prey that for a while I 
had forgotten the mondis. I do not wonder at it, for mon- 
keys I could see often, but it is only once in a great while 
that such a scene as I witnessed could be seen by a man. It 
was grand; and I wonder not that the natives called the guan- 
ionien the leopard of the air. As I write these lines, though 
several years have passed away, I see still before me that 
big, powerful bird carrying its prey to some unknown part of 
the foiest. — [I'aul Du Chaillu, in Harper's Magazine. 



OOTTOiT 3ynJ^3SrTJ:F.A.OTTJI^E. 

From "Triumphs of I^VKN■lION and Discoveky." — 
Published by T. Nelson & Sons, London. 



DK. CABTWRIGHT. 

IN the summer of 1784, a numl er of gentlemen were chat- 
ting, after dinner, in a country house at Matlock, in Derby- 
shire. Some extensive cotton-mills had recently been set 
up in the neiiihborhood, and the conversation turned upon the 
wonderful inventions which had been introduced for sj)inning 
cotton. There were one or two gentlemen present connected 
with the "manufacturing interest," who were very bitter 
against Arkwright and his schemes. 

"It's all very well," said one of the grumblers, "but what 
will all this lapid production of yarn lead to? Putting aside 



^ 




J-TJ^EZ^IXjE] Iiq-STI^TJOTOI^. 



=#^gj^ 



195 



'F 



f 



9^^_ 



the ruin of the poor spinners, who will be starved because f hej' 
haven't as many arms as these terrible machines, you'll find 
that it will end in a great deal more yarn being spun than can 
be woven into cloth, and in large quantities of yarn being ex- 
ported to the Continent, where it will be worked up by foreign 
weavers, to the injury of our home manufacture. That will be 
the short and the long of it, mark my words." 

"Well, but, sir," remarked a grave, portly, middle-aged 
gentleman of clerical appearance, after a few minutes' reflec- 
tion, "when you talk of the impossibility of the weaving keep- 
ing up with the spinning, you forget that machinery may yet 
be applied to the former as well as the latter. Why may there 
not be a loom contrived for working up yarn as fast as the 
spindle produces it. That long-headed fellow, Arkwright, 
must just set about inventing a weaving machine." 

"Stuff and nonsense," returned the 'practical man,' pettish- 
ly, as though it were hardly worth while noticing the remarks 
of such a dreamer. "You might as well bid Arkwright grow 
the cloth ready made. Weaving by machinery is utterly im- 
possible. You must remember how much more complex a 
process it is than spinning and what a variety of movements it 
involves. Weaving by machinery is a mere idle vision, my 
dear sir, and shows you know nothing about the operation." 

"Well, I must confess my ignorance on the subject of weav- 
ing," replied the clergyman; "but surely it can't bo a more 
complex matter than moving the pieces in a game of chess. 
Now, there's an automaton figure now exhibiting in London, 
which handles the chessmen, and places them on the proper 
squares of the board, and makes the most intricate moves, for 
all the world as if it were alive. If that can be done, I don't 
see why weaving should baffle a clever mechanist. A few 
years ago, we should have laughed at the notion of doing what 
Arkwright has done; and I'm certain that before inany years 
are over, we shall have 'weaving jennies. ' " 

Dr. Cartwright, for that was the clergyman's name, confi- 
dently as he foretold that machine-weaving would be devised 
before long, liule dreamt at that moment that he was himself 
to bring about the fulfillment of his own prediction. A quiet, 
country-clergyman, of literary tastes, a scholar, and poetaster, 
he had spent his life hiiheito in the discharge of his ministe- 
rial duties, writing articles and verses, aud had never given 
the slightest attention to mechanics, theoretical or practical. 
He had never so much as seen a loom at work, and had not 
the remotest notion of the principle or mode of its construction. 
But the chance conversation at the Matlock dinner table sud- 
denly roused his interest in the subject. He walked home 
meditating on what sort of a process weaving must be; brooded 
over the subject for days and weeks, — was often observed by 
his family striding up and down the room in a fit of abstraction, 
throwing his arms from side to side like a weaver jerking the 
shuttles, — and at last succeeded in evolving, as the Germans 
would say, from "the depths of his moral consciousness," the 
idea of a power-loom. With the help ot a smith and a carpen- 
ter, he set about the construction of a number of experimental 
machines, and at length, after five or six months' application, 
turned out a rude, clumsy piece of work, which was the basis 
of his invention. 

"The warp," he says, "was laid perpendicularly, the reed 
fell with the force of at least half a hundred-weight, and the 
springs which threw the shuttle were strong enough to have 
thrown a Congreve rocket. In short, it required, the strength 
of two powerful men to work the machine at a slow rate, and 
only for a short time. This being done, I then condescended 
to see how other people wove; and you will guess my astonish- 
ment when 1 compared their easy modes of operation with 
mine. Availing myself of what I then saw, I made a loom in 
its general principles nearly as they are now made. But it 



was not till the year 1787 that I compleed my invention." 
Having given himself to the contrivance of a loom that should 
be able to keep pace in the working up of the yarn with the 
jenny which produced it, solely from motives of philanthropy, 
he felt bound, now that he had devised the machine, to pi ova 
its utility, and bring it into use. To have stopped with the 
work of invention, would, he conceived, have been to leave the 
work half undone; and, therefore, at no slight sacrifice of per- 
sonal inclination, and to the rupture of all old ties, associations, 
and ways of life, he quitted the ease and seclusion of his par- 
sonage, abandoned the pursuits which had formerly been his 
delight, and devoted himself to the promotion of his invention. 
He set up weaving and spinning factories at Doncaster, and, 
b^pt on the welfare of his race, began the weary, painful 
struggle that was to be his ruin, and to end only with his life. 
"I have the worst mechanical conception any man can have," 
wrote his friend Crabbe, "but you have my best wishes. 
May j'ou weave webs of gold." Alas! the good man wove for 
himself rather a web of dismal sackcloth, sore and grievous to 
his peace, like the harsh shirts of hair old devotees used to vex 
their flesh with for their sins. The golden webs were for other 
folk's wear, — for those who toiled not with their brain as he 
had done, but who reaped what they had not sown. 

Re had invented a machine that was to promote industry, 
and save the English weavers from being driven from the 
field, as was beginning to be the case, by foreign weavers; and 
masters and men were up in arms against him as soon as his 
design was known. His goods were maliciously damaged, — his 
workmen were spirited away from him, — his patent right was 
infringed. Calumny and hatred dogged his steps. After a 
succession of disasters, his prospects assumed a brighter aspect, 
when a large Manchester firm contracted for the use of four 
hundred looms. A few days afcer they were at work, the mill 
that had been built to receive them stood a heap of blackened 
ruins. 

Still, he would not give up till all his resources were exhaus- 
ted, — and surely and not slowly that event drew nigh. The 
fortune of £3') OOD with which he started in the enterprise 
melted rapidly away; and, at length, the day came when, with 
an empty p'arse, a frame shattered with anxiety and toil, but 
with a brave, stout heart still beating in his breast, Cartwright 
turned his back upon his mills, and went off to London to gain 
a living by his pen. As he turned from the scenes of his mis- 
fortunes, he exclaimed,— 

"With firm, unshaken mind, that wreck I see, 

Nor think the doom of man shuuld be reversed tor me." 

The lion that has once eaten a man, has ever after, it is said, 
a wild craving after human blood. And it would seem that the 
faculty of invention, once aroused, its appetite for exercise is 
constant and insatiable. Cartwright having discovered his dor- 
mant powers, he could no more cease to use them than to eat. 
A return to his quiet literary waj's, fond as he still was of such 
pursuits, was impossible. An inventor he was, and an inventor 
he must continue 1 11 his eye was glazed, and his brain numbed 
in death. When a clergyman, he set himself to study medi- 
cine, and acquired gieat skill and knowledge in the .science, 
solely for the benefit of the poor parishioners, and now he gave 
himself up to the labors of invention with the same benevolent 
motives. Gain had not tempted him to enter the arena, — dis- 
couragem- nt and ruin were not to drive him from it. The re- 
sources of his ingenuity seemed iuexhaustihlo, and there was 
no limit to its range of objects. Wool-combing machines, 
bread and biscuit baking machines, rope-making machines, 
plows, and w'-.cel carriages, fire-preventives, were in turn in- 
vented or improved by him. He predicted the use, of steam- 
ships, and steam caniagos, — and himself devised a model of 
the tbrnier (with clockwork instead of a steam-engine), which 
a little boy used to play with on the ponds 
was to grow up into an eminent statesman- 



at Woburn, that 
-Lord John Russell. 



.« 



&■ 



^ 



i^ 196 



J"TJ'V:EISriLEl UsTSTlS/TJOTOI?/ 







SATURDAY, D K '! K M P5 K R 3, 1869. 
-ElDXrnOTtXJ^lLj THIOTJO-HITS. 




NOWLEDGE is easily obtained in tliis 
, country. Books are verj' plentiful and 
cheap. A very fine library of hooks can 
now be bought for a small . r sum of money 
than was paid in former days for one vol- 
ume. The art of printing has made this 
change. Before this art was discovered, 
books had to be copied in writing. This 
was a very slow aiid expensive method 
'getting a book; and no person, unless he was 
;rj- rich, could afford to buy one. You can find 
Bible in almost every house now, they are so 
leap and such immense numbers are printed; 
iit in the days of which we write very lew men, 
I the Roman Catholic priests, ev3r saw a Bible, 
riests were almost the only persons who had 
lucitioa. The mass of the people could neither 
ir write, and there were many noblemen, own- 
ers of large estates and castles, and who had large 
bodies of servant!!, who could not write their own names A 
rich man who could not write his name in these days would be 
thought a great ounce. 

Just think of the labor of copying a large book, like the Bi- 
ble, with a pen! No wonder books were few in number and 
■very costly! 

The Roman Catholic priests do not marry. They have no 
wives or children to take care of. In olden times, they lived 
tonether in compaiiies in houses all over Europe. These 
houses were called abbeys, convents, and monasteries. And 
it was in these places that the Bible and many books were cop- 
ied by the pri^st-s. Copying books was a regular business, 
however, in those days, which others besides priests followed, 
and some of the specimens of thuir work are very beautiful. 

There is a slory told about Faust, one of the discoverers of 
the art of printing, which, in this connection, may be interest- 
ing to you. Faust had printed a considerable number of cojiies 
cf the Bible, and took them to Paris, in France, to s>ell. Fie 
had kept his discovery of printing a.s a great secret, and that 
no one miglit suspect that his books were not written, he had 
made his type in the same sh<pe as the written characters. 
He tkought it was to his interest to do this, that every body 
might think his printed books were written. Wiitten IJiblc^s 
were then .sold at five hundred crowns each; but be offered bis 
for .sixty crown,-! Tiiis caused great astoni.-.hment; but more 
80 when it was found that he could produce copies as ta>t as 
they were wanted, and even lowered his jirice. The tran.-.crib- 
crs of books became excited. Here was a man ruining their 
trade, and he must be .stopped. Hut how? Tliey knew that 
no man could copy Bibles as they did, and sell them as cheap 
as Faust wa.s selling his. Tliey examined those he sold, and 
they made the discovery that they were all alike. Each one 
was an exact copy of all the rest! No man could do this with 
a pen. If they had been written, there would have been .some 
difference between the copies. They went to the magistrates and 
accu.scd him of being a magician. lie was arrested, his lodgings 
searched and a great number of copies we re found. Here was 




proof that he was a magician! But they made another dis- 
covery, which made them still more confident that he was in 
league with the Devil. In imitating the written copies he had 
to use red ink in some parts; for the writers were in the habit 
of embelli.shing their copies with red ink. But Faust had inven- 
ted an ink that was better than theirs, and when it was printed it 
was very brilliant. This they said was his blood, and they were 
sure that he had sold himself to Satan. To save himself from 
being burned, he had to tell the Parliament of Paris all about 
bis method of printing. In this way, he saved his life, and 
they freed him from all prosecution. 

We, who live in these days, cannot appreciate the great 
value of the discovery of printing. But think how ignorant 
the people would be if all the books had to be written! It 
svould be a most difiicult labor tor the Elders to preach the gos- 
pel, and to convince tbe people of its truth, if there were only 
a few books and only a few people who could read them. God 
inspired m;n to invent piinting that His word might be spread 
through the nations. The Bible is printed, and the ])eople can 
read it for themselves; the Book of Mormon and Book of Doc- 
trine and Covenants are published, and all can read the word 
of liod contained therein. By these means, knowledge is in- 
creased. When the Elders preach; they can refer the people 
to the Bib'e, and they can see for themselves that they teach 
according to it. How thankful we all should be for this pre- 
cious blessing! 



The IIorsf, and the DRo\v.>jiNa S.\ilors. — A violent 
gale of wind setting in from the north near the Cape of Good 
Hope, a vessel in the road dragcjed her anchors and was forced 
on the rocks, where she at once went to pieces; and while the 
greater part' of the crew were immediately drowned, tbe rest 
were seen f:om the shore struggling for their lives by clinging 
to the different pieces of the wreck The sea ran dreadfully 
high, and broke over the sailors with such amazing fury tha.t 
no boat whatever could venture off to their assistance. Mean- 
while a planter had come from his farm to be a spectator of the 
shipwreck; his heart was melted at the sight of the unhappy 
seamen, and knowing the bold spirit of his horse and its excel- 
lence as a swimmer, he instantly determined to make an effort 
to deliver them. He alighted, and blew a little brandy into 
his horse's nostrils, when, again .seating himself in the saddle, 
he instantly pushed into the midst of the breakers. At first 
both disappeared; but it was not lung before they floated on 
the surface, and .swam uj) to the wreck; when taki|jg- V?ith him 
two men, each ol whom held by one of his boots, he brought 
them safe to shore. This perilous service he repeated seven 
times, and saved fourteen lives; but on his return the eighth 
time, his horse being much fatigued, and meeting an immense 
wave, he lo.st his balance, and was overwhelmed in a moment. 
The horse swam safely to land, but his gallant rider, alas! was 
seen no more. 



A rEliTAlN philosopher, wishing to ascertain how far aquatic 
birds might convey seeds i'rom one lake or pond of fresh water 
to anoth r, in the mud adhering to their feet, took out a por- 
tion :)f such mud, in onler to ascertain how far it might be sup- 
plied with the giTins of vegetable lil'e. The (piantity which he 
took was about a teacupful. This.mud he jilaced in a situation 
to allow the seeds which it contained to germinate, and as fast 
as little plants appeared, ho pulled them '>ut and counted them. 
He 1 btained from this single teacupful of soil more than two 
hutidred living ]>lants! 



"Wiiv, this thing is an impossibility!" exclaimed one, to the 
prnjeetor of a diHi'ult e terprise. "To you it would be!" was 
he curt and not inappropriate reply. 



i?<^^- 







crjj^:Hii<TXJL,:Ei iisrsTi?.TJCTOi?;. 



197 



For the Juvenile Iiislructor. 

X)OI<rT BE 0"E^"U"EL. 

WE sometimes fancy from the savage manner in which 
boys and men treat dumb animals, that they must fancy 
that human beings alone have the sense of feeling. See how 
many cruel children will torture insects; how they will pull 
them to pieces while alive; or, when they grow bigger, how 
they will ill-use dogs and cats, horses and cows, or any other 
creature that happens to offend them, or that they in their 
wantonness take a fancy to abuse. 

We will now tell you a story that we once read in the papers, 
of a cruel driver who abused his horse and what afterwards 
happened to him; perhaps it may leaeh a lesson to- some who 
cannot be instructed in any other way. Here it is, with a pic- 
ture to illustrate it. 

"A rough unmerciful man once struck 
his horse in the eye with his whip, 
when the animal was struggling in vain 
to draw a heavily-loaded wagon from 
a hole in the road. He caused the 
horse dreadful pain; and, at length, 
from over-exertion, exhaustion and 
fright, the poor animal fell to the 
ground. Yet this did not move the 
savage man's heart, who redoubled his 
blows until the horse in despair again 
sprang to his feet Putting forth 
its last effort, it frantically strove to 
escape from its tormentor. It strug- 
gled, first one way, then another, 
until at last the entire wagon fell into 
the pit, and the load was nearly buried 
in the mud. 

"It was now that the monster beat 
the horse more severely still, until the 
blood flowed from the animal's mouth 
and nose, and its eye, cut by the whip, 
hung half out of the socket. 

"But the punishment due this inhuman act did not long tarry; 
for one day this man had a quarrel with a comrade, named 
Wright, and when he sought to strike him with a stout stick, 
Wright, avoiding the blow, picked up a stone and threw it into 
the eye of his opponent, when in the act of springing upon him, 
on which he completely lost forever the use of it. Often after- 
ward did he remember, with remorse, how he had once cut out 
the eye of his poor horse with his whip; and too late realized 
the folly and danger of brutally treating Heaven's dumb 
creatures." 

Now the fear of such a punishment should not be the motive 
to deter any from acting willi.cruelty. They hhnulJ be kimi to 
others, and to animals, and birds, and creeping things, because 
it is right to be kind, and because they like to be treated with 
kindness themselves. If rough cruel boys would only ask 
themselves the question when they ill-treat an animal: "If I 
were thi» poor dumb brute, how should I like to be treated in 
this manner," I think many of them would be much kinder. 




In a school, "Ale and Beer Measure" was given out as one 
of the lessons for the next day. Next morning the first boy 
was called upon, but said, "1 don't know it." "How's that?" 
asked the teacher. "Plea.'*, sir," he replied, "neither father 
nor I think it's any use, for we neither mean to buy, sell or 
drink the stuff." 

FaETTiNO is a constant confession of weakness. It say.i— "1 
wan t to, but I can't" 



HAVE you ever heard of the armor-plated animals? Tliey 
are very curious, with their thick, horny coats of mail, 
so hard and tough that a musket-ball will glance from them. 
Pangolins are among the most remarkable creatures of this 
class. They are found in India and Africa, are harmless in 
character, though very strong of their size, and their flesh is 
considered a great delicacy by the Africans. 

The Pangolin has pointed scales on its body which overlap 
each other; when it bends, they are thrown out in an erect 
position, like wide-pointed horns. The under part of the body 
is not so well protected; but the skin there is very hard and 
tough, — so tough that it is no wonder the short hairs growing 
upon it are always thin and in anything but a flourishing con- 
dition. The hind feet are longer than the fore ones, which aie 
scarcely more than claws. The tail is 
flat beneath, and, like the feet, is en- 
tirely protected by scales. Its he'id is 
short and pointed, its ears and eyes of a 
good size, and its mouth very small 
and witliuut teeth. On this last account 
I he paugolin is classed under the order 
of Eflciitiitri, or toothless animals. If 
you could see the tongue, you would 
soon suspect how the creature gets its 
food. It is long, round and sticky at 
the end, and has a way ol darting forth 
when an ant or other little insect ven- 
tures near; when it goes back again, 
something for the pangolin's dinner is 
sticking to it. Now you can guess why 
the nose is sharp, and why the feet are 
so well formed for digging. It is (juite 
important to the pangolin that thoy 
should be so; but it makes it rather b.id 
for the ant-hills and underground homes 
of insects, especially for the big hou.ses 
ot the Termites, a kind of white ant. 
When beset by danger, the pangolin scarcely makes ahv 
effort to escape, but at once rolls itself up in the form of a ball, 
the head being doubled down and covered by the strong flat 
tail, the feet gathered up close to the under surface of the body 
and every scale standing out straight A Mr. Fra.ser, who resi- 
ded for some time at Fernando Po, in Africa, once found two 
live pangolins, and kept them in a room for several days. 
"They fed upon a small black ant," he says, "which is very 
troublesome and abundant in the houses and elsewhere. Kvin 
when first procured, they displayed little or no fear, but con- 
tinued to climb about the room without noticing my occasional 
entrance. They would readily climb up the somewhat roughly 
hewn posts which supported the building, and, upon reaching 
the ceiling, would return head foremost. Somelimes thi-y 
would roll themselves up intoa ball and throw themselves down 
—the fall being broken by the erected scales. In climbing, the 
tail, w.th its strongly-pnintod scales beneath, was used to assist 
the' feet, and the grasp of these, as.sisted by the tail, was so 
powerful, that the animal would throw the body back, when 
on the post, in a horizontal position, ond sway itself to and fro." 
— \JIi\nth and Home. 



TiiEV have excluded the Bible from the public schools of 
Cincinnati. The next thing we might look for will be to abol- 
ish the dictionary, and jiut out the gas light.s. 

iNDUSTttV ill the royal road to fortune and ominonco. 






r^fl 



^ 19S JTJ'T'EITIIjE IKTSTE/TJCTO'E,. 



•^) 



1 

(^ 



A FISH STORY. 



I think of myself as sitting by some one of the thousands of 
pleasant firesides in the United States amid a group of 
boys and girls. We toast our toes, tell riddles and stories, and 
make the room ring with our laughter. As it is my turn to 
give a story, I shall tell you, my young friends, about what is 
going on right down beneath our feet, in China. I was down 
there a few months ago. It is a country where old men as well 
as boys fly kites, walk on stilts, and amuse themselves by mak- 
ing enormous paper dragons, with bodies like snakes, fifty or 
one hundred feet long, and as large as a flour barrel, with huge 
claws and great mouths wide open, and goggle eyes flaming 
with fire. The lanterns that light the streets of the cities are 
as large, almost, as hogsheads. In that country there are sev- 
eral million people who live in boats, sleeping in drawers built 
into the sides of the boats. They hatch ducks and chickens in 
ovens, rear them in flocks, — letting them into the water two or 
three times a day, just as you are let out of school at recess for 
a grand frolic. The master calls them back by a whistle, and 
gives the tardy ones a good drubbing for being behindhand. 
Possibly some of you could tell me a story about being late in 
from recess. 

The Chinese are ahead of us in some things, especially in 
catching fish. i''ears ago, when I was younger than I am now, 
I loved dearly to go a-fishing. There was nothing that so set 
me on tiptoe. I remember the first fish I ever caught; it was 
a horn-pout, with a mouth split from ear to ear, only I never 
could find his ears; it was wide enough for him to swallow him- 
self! He had long smellers, and was a tremendous fellow. 
My alder fish-pole bent almost double as he pulled and tugged 
at the line, but I got him into the boat at last. Didn't he 
bounce around? I have seen whales since, but he was bigger 
than a whale — at least so I thought then. 

The fact is, he was a little fellow, and my father took the 
conceit out of me by saying that he wasn't worth dressing; but 
I carried him home, and had him go into the frying-pan, and 
there never was a sweeter morsel than he made, /caught 
him, and that was what made the breakfast one of the best 
ever cooked. What we accomplish ourselves is of more value 
to us than what others do for us. 

The Chinese are very fondof fisb, and hundreds of thousands 
of iieople fi-h for a living. 

Let us in imagination think of ourselves as being in China, 
sailing up the great river Yang-tso, which, you will see by look 
ing at your school atlas, is nearly as large as the Mississippi. 
It rises in Central Asia, and flows through the heart of the 
Empire to the sea. You see a gi-eat many boats filled with 
men, women, and children. The boats are their homes. They 
live in them from childhood to old age— father, mother, grand- 
parents, and children, with pigs, ducks, chickens, cats and 
dog.s. 

Two boats sometimes move side by side, a few rods apart, 
with a long net or seine between tliem; after rowing awhile, 
they come together, draw in the net, and take out the fish. 

As you sail along the shores, you see a great many contriv- 
ances that look like well sweeps. A tall post is driven into the 
ground just in the edge of the water, and a long pole tilted up- 
on it, reaches twenty or thirty feet out into the river. A net 
attached to the pole drops into the stream. The fisherman sits 
on the bank in a Ihtle hut not much larger than a dog's house, 
and every few minutes he pulls down his end of tlie polo, 
which, of course, raises the other and lifts the net irom the 
water. If he catches three or four fish a day, he is content, 
for his wants are few, and it does not cost him much to live. 

The Chinese catch a great many fish without hjok, or line. 



or net. I don't believe you can guess how they do it. Try 
now. "By driving the fish into a pen?" 

No. I have seen people do that — making a wicker-work fence 
of stakes and withes, and then splashing the water to frighten 
the fish; but the Chinese don't do it in that way. "By a pot?" 

No; you haven't hit it. I used to do that — making a dam 
across a brook in my father's meadow, and weaving a basket 
or pot, as we called it, large at both ends, tapering like a tun- 
nel in the middle, with a hole leading to a box, with sharp 
spikes pointing in one direction set around the hole. The 
suckers and trout could go in, but to get out was another mat- 
ter. "By spearing them?'' 

No; the Chinese do not have such glorious fun as I enjoyed 
in my boyhood, at night, with a pitch-knot torch flaming in a 
jack at the bow of a boat. How exciting to see a great pick- 
erel with yellow sides lying motionless in the water! And then 
to let him have it right back of the gills, and draw him in be- 
fore f e could tear himself away! Ah! that was fun. 

As you cannot guess, I will tell you. The Chinese fish with 
birds. "With birds!" 

I thought that you would open your eyes wide. Yes, with 
birds about as large as geese. They have sharp bills, are brown 
in color, and are exceedingly nimble. They are tame sea ra- 
vens or cormorants. They live on fish, and have voracious ap- 
petites. They will eat their own weight in fish in a few hours. 
They seem to be always hungry. The more they have, the more 
they seem to want. Being always hungry, they are exceeding- 
ly active. They have sharp eyes, large wings, web feet, and 
swim very fast. They dive as quick as a fish. 

Look at that one swimming in the stream — on the watch for 
fish. There he goes! In a twinkling he is out of sight. Hire 
becomes with a fish in his mouth, which is struggling to get 
away, but the raven holds him fast and swims to his master's 
boat, where he is taken aboard. He cannot swallow the fish 
because his owner has slipped an iron ring upon the poor crea- 
ture's throat. He lays the fish down and waits until the ring 
is taken off, and then he can only have a morsel offish, just 
enough to sharpen the appetite, and make him wide awake for 
more. The owner strokes the bird's head, calls him a good 
fellow, and throws him into the water for another venture. 

Down he goes again. A minute passes. Here he comes! 
but without a fish. He gets a whipping now. He can have 
no luncheon until he catches another. 

If we go into a city or town anywhere in China, we shall see 
large fish markets, not little sheds with here and there a table 
with a few flounders, perch, cat-fish, ;pickerel or trout upon it, 
and a tubful of eels, as in our ovfn markets; but we shall see 
great tanks, filled with running water with thousands of live 
full-grown fish in them. They have been brought in from the 
breeding ponds in the country, where they were hatched and 
reared, fed and fattened until fit for the market. It costs but 
a trifle to rear them, and here they are, lusty fellows, weighing 
two, three, four and five pounds. When the people come to 
market, they select such a fish as they want, the market man 
catches it in a hand net, dresses it on the spot, and the custom- 
er carries it home for his dinner. "From the tank to the fry- 
ing pan" is the Chinese proverb about fi-ih. 

We may learn something from the Chinese in regard to fish 
culture. Nearly all the fish eaten in the United States are 
bronght from the sea or caught in the lakes and rivers. A few 
men have begun to raise fish for the market, and have found 
it Very iirofitable. It is easy to do, and there are many boys 
who live on farms where ponds might be made in which they 
could rear fish for the market, just as they now raise turkeys, 
chickens, ducks, geese, pigs and sheep. 

The market men would find it profitable to build tanks, sup- 
i'ly them with water, and keep their fish alive until called for 



S\ 



J"TJ^Eiq"ILE in^STI^TJOTOI?/. 



199 



by their customers. In warm weather there would be no loss 
from stale, unsold fish, and then the fish would be a great deal 
better if cooked immediately after being taken from the tank. 

I know that some of my young friends will say this is a "Fish 
Story." But it is true for all that. If you do not belive it, 
just go around to the other side of the world and see for your- 
selves. If you do not get away too soon, however, I shall have 
more to tell you about that wonderful country and the queer 
people that live there. — [American Agriculturid. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 






n^ETJLIjS. 



METALS are known from other substances by their luster, 
malleability and ductility, but especially by their power 
to conduct heat and electricity. Metals vary, however, much 
in these respects: — some are brittle, as Bismuth; others are 
malleable, as Gold, which may be extended by beating; others 
are ductile, or capable of being drawn into wire, as Gold, Iron 
and Copper. All the metals are solid at common temperatures 
except Mercury, which is a white, heavy, fluid substance. All 
metals can be reduced to the fluid state by heat, but at difi'er- 
ent temperatures. Potassium melts at a temperature below 
that of boiling water; Iron requires the heat of a blast furnace; 
Platinum requires the intense heat of the oxy-hydrogen flame 
to fuse it. In weight, also, metals difier; Gold ana Platinum 
being respectively twenty and twenty-one times heavier than 
the same bulk of water. Potassium and Sodium are lighter 
than water, hence they float on its surface. Some metals are 
soft, as Potassium and Sodium, which may be moulded be- 
tween the fingers like wax; others are hard and require heat 
and hammering to shape them, as Iron. Some are found in 
the metallic state, as Gold and Copper, specimens of which 
may be seen in our excellent Museum. Sometimes Iron, also, 
may be found as a metal. Generally it is in the form of ores 
that the metals are found, from which they are reduced to the 
metallic state by heat. Some metals attract oxygen with avidi- 
ty, as Potassium and Sodium, which decompose water by their 
afiSnity for that element; others have little attraction for ogy- 
gen, as Gold, i'latinum and Silver. Those metals which tar- 
nish or rust readily are acted upon by oxygen; Iron readily 
forms a rust by the union of its particles with oxygen. In the 
examination of the metals separately, these qualities ^and 
others will receive more attention than ai present. 

Metals may be divided into metals of the alkalies: Potassium, 
Sodium, etc. Metals of the alkaline earths: Calcium, etc. 
Metals of the earths: Aluminum, etc. And proper metals: 
Gold, Silver, Iron, etc. In aur in(((iiries, tlio.se metals which 
are the most important will receive the most attention; some 
are rarely met with and only known in the laboratory of the 
the chemist. 

But few of the metals enter into the composition of organic 
substances and that only in small quantities; these are chiefly 
the metals of the alkalies. Calcium, a metal of the alkaline 
earths, enters largely into the conjpo.sitiiin of the bones of ani- 
mals, as phosphate of lime, and into the hard substances form- 
ing shells, as carbonate of lime. Iron, also, is lound in nearly 
all organic bodies; so, also, is Magnesium and Mangau<"te; 



but it is not in the metallic state. Natural processes are going 
on by which those metals are prepared for the use of animals. 
And, although other metals are occasionally given as medicine, 
they do not appear to be usual constituents of organic tissues. 

Metals are capable of entering into mutual combination; 
they are then said to be alloys. There is no such thing as brass 
in nature; it is an alloy of Copper and Zinc; Gold is alloyed 
with Copper in nearly all ai tides of jewelry. The hard white 
metals known as Nickel, etc., used for making spoons, are al- 
loys. The substance called tin is thin Iron covered with tin; 
Pewter is a composition of tin and lead; of this metal, plates, 
dishes, spoons, etc., are frequently made. 

To obtain the metals from the various ores constitutes the 
art of the metallurgist, who, by the use of various substances 
called ^w.vfs separates earthy matters and causes the oxygen 
or other element in union with the metals to unite with some 
other element. Gold, when disseminated or in a scattered 
form among the substance of rocks or earthy matter is reduced 
to powder and washed, after which, when the particles of earth 
are separated, quicksilver is mixed with it. The Gold, by dis- 
solving into the quicksilver, forms an amalijam. The mass is 
then submitted to heat until the Quicksilver or Mercury is car- 
ried off' in vapor, the Gold remaining. Silver also may be sep- 
arated in this way. Acids are also used for dissoking oat the 
precious metals. The coarser and less precious but more use- 
ful metals, such as Iron, Copper, etc., are smelted and run out 
in a liquid form. Of Iron, all our most useful instruments are 
formed; of Copper and Brass, utensils of various kinds. With- 
out the metals, man could not advance greatly in civilization. 
Gold and Silver are however used for ornamentation chiefly 
and for coin; it is the iron which gives us our railways and lo- 
comotives, and the bulk of that which ministers in the metallic 
form to the true advancement of man. 

Beth. 



||ior|uaii]&^. 



ctosefh: s^^itit, the 

VERY efl"ort was made by the enemies of 
the Saints, after the Expositor was declared 
a nuisance, to fan the flames of persecution 
and to form combinations to drive and ex- 
terminate them. In some parts, they 
. threatened to drive or kill every Latter- 
- day Saint who did not deny the faith and 
cease to believe that Joseph was a Prophet 
of God. They also threatened to use vio- 
: to those who were not Latter-day Saints, if 
they did not lake up arms to help them drive the 
Cliiirch out of the country. 'J'liose whom they 
could not persuade t(j juiii them in their .schemes, 
they tried to I'rigliten by their threats. They 
men of this class that they must join them, or 
3 the country, or give their arms to them. One 
le leadim; spirits in this work of persecution was 
Levi Williams, a colonel of militia, and a Baptist 
her. With all his pretensions to religion, he was 
a great villain. Robbery, houseburnin?, murder and every 
other act of violence, he thought perfectly right so long as thj 





SOO 



JTJ^EnsriLE IJ^STI^TJCTOIEe.- 



^ 



Latter-day Saints were the victims. To accomplish the de- 
struction of the Saints, he was willing to adopt any measure, 
h wever wicked or violent. There were many others who were 
like him. They acted upon the idea that it was no disgrace to 
shoot a "Jlonuon;" that he had no rights which they should 
respect. Where they had the power, they were very violent 
and abusive: but they were always careful to have the largest 
number on their side when they made any attack on any person 
or settlement. They visited individuals and those who lived 
in small settlements, becau.<e they were not afraid of meeting 
crjual numbers to resist them. As soon as the help which tliey 
e.Npected from Missouri should arrive, they said they should 
then march again^t Joseph and the city of Nauvoo, capture 
Iiim and then destroy the city. They expected about fifteen 
humlred or two thousand men from >.issouri to help them. 

Joseph was well informed rc-^pecting the movements of the 
mob, and he counseled the brethren to keep cool and prepare 
their arms for the defense of the city. He had guards posted 
on all the roads leading out of the city; and, within the city, 
hiMiad other guards stationed in the streets and on the river 
bank. This he did in his capacity as Lieutenant-General of 
the Nauvoo Legion. He also issued orders to have all the 
powder and lead in the city secured, and that all the arms 
should be brought into use. and those whi^h were not used by 
their owners be put in the hands of those who could use them. 
Under the circumstances which then existed, these preparations 
were necessary, for the mob were threatening to march u|ion 
the city, and they could only be kept from doing so by the 
knowledge that the Saints were prepared to give them a warm 
reception. Joseph, in company with several officers of the 
Legii>n, visited tlie prairie east of Nauvoo and arranged liis 
plans for the defense ot the city, and se'ected the most suitable 
points at which to meet the mob. He also made arrangements 
to secure provisions lor the city, giving his agent iiistructions 
to pledge his farms for that purpose. On the ISth of June, he 
proclaimed the city of Nauvoo under martial law, and issued 
the following proclamation: 

'•To the Marslial of the City of Xanvon,— 

Kroin tlie newspapers around us, anil ibe current reports as 
brought iu from tlie surronmliiig coiinlry, I have gnmi reason 
to fea- that a nii'b is organizing to eoine upon tliis city, and 
plunder and de.-troy said <-ily, {as well as murder the citizens; 
Kiid by virtiioofiheHUlborily v^.ste.i in me as Mayor, and to 
preserve lie city an<i liVBM of the citize IS, 1 do hereby declare 
the said city, within the liniiLs of its incorporation, uiider mar- 
tial law. Tlie olliiers, iberef-ire, o; the Nauvoo Legion, ll e 
police, a.H wtil as a I otlier.^*, will xtrictly see iliat no persons or 
properly pass iu or out of the city without duo onler*. 

JosKi'ii .'Smiiii, Mayor." 

M'lien a city is umler martial law, niiliiary authority becomes 
the ruling power; and the people cannot go out, neither can 
others come in without iKrrmi.ssion from the military command- 
er. It is a strict, and in the hands of some men, a severe law; 
but in Nauvoo, it was not .severe on the Saints; it was a pro- 
tcition to thitn, as it gave the power to maintain a more com- 
|)lcle control and to j)revcnt the coming in and going out of 
I nemiea. 

Two days previous to the proclamation of mnrtial law, n pub- 
lic meeting was held at which a number of ilelegates were ap- 
l.ointcd togo to the different precincts ibronghoul the county 
In lay a true statement of the condition of affaiis at Nauvoo 
l*-rore the people, and to correct the many fal^e report:, which 
ha.l been put in cin-ulation. Joseph, on the same day, in his 
c.i|iactly a.^ Mayor, is.-ued a priK-lamation, in which he ex- 
plained, at length, the causes which h.iil led to the Krjiosilor 
Uii.g declared a nui.anx and destroyed. He also wrote to 
fJovemor Ford and scut his letter by the hands of Edward 



I 



Hunter, Philip B. Lewis and John Bills as messengers, 
this letter, he expressed his desire that the Governor would 
come to Nauvoo in person, with his staff, and investigate the 
whcle difficulty without delay. This he thonght would be the 
best method of restoring peace to the country. AVith the let- 
ter, he sent an affidavit concerning the intentions of the mob. 
All this evidence had, however, but little weight with Gov- 
ernor Ford. He lacked the firmness, decision of character and 
the sense of justice necessary to maintain order and to enforce 
the right. He became the tool of the mob, and they managed 
him, without informing hini of all their plans, to suit their own 
purposes. On the 21st of June, he came to Carthage, one of 
the places where the mob had full sway, and sent an express in 
to Nauvoo to the Mayor and City Council, requesting them to 
send out to him one or more well-informed, discreet persons, 
who could lay before him the City Council's version of the dif- 
ficulty. Elders John Taylor, Willard Kichards and Dr. John 
M. Bcrnhiscl were selected to go. Brothers Taylor and Bern- 
hisel did go, taking with them a number of affidavits, which 
set forth in great plainness the acts of the mob, and Brother 
Rich.'irds remained to prepare additional documents. The next 
day, these documents were sent by the hand of Lucien Wood- 
worth, who went in the stead of Br. Richards. Joseph wrote 
another long letter to Gov. Ford, and sent by him, in which he 
made many explanations, and repeated his request forthe Gov- 
ernor to come to Nauvoo. If he would come there, the Mayor 
and City Council could lay the whole matter before him in its 
true colors and sustain their statements by an abundance of 
testimony. But if they had to go Carthage to do this, they 
would expose themselves to the power of a mob, filled with fury 
and a desire to shed blood, a part of whom had already fired 
several times upon the rSuints. 



"1 



BEJ^TJTIIFnJIj SIsTO'W*. 

oil! the snow, the beautiful snow! 
Killing the sky and earth below; 
Ovt r the housetops, over the street, 
Over the beads of the people you meet; 

D.'iicing, tlirtiug, skiuiiiiing along; 

]ie»utilul snow! it does no wrong. 
Flying to kiss a lair lady's cheek, 
Clin^iug to lips in frolicsome freak. 
Beautilul snow frimi heaven above, 
Pure as an angel, gentle as love! 

Oh the snow, the beautiful snow, 

How ihti ll ikes gather, and laugb as they go 

Whirling about in the maddened fun, 

Jl plays in its glee with every one; 

Chasing, laughing, hurrying by; 

It lights on the face, and it sparkles the eye; 
A lid tlio dogs, with a bark and a bound, 
Snap at the crystals that eddy around; — 
The town is alive, and its heart iu a ulow. 
To welcome the euiiiing of beautiful snow. 



In publlBlicd Id Salt Lake (.Ity, L'tuh 'IVrritory 
KVKKY OTHKR SATURDAY 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A PUBLISHER. 



Hinf/le Ciipx/, per Annum^"' 
mingle Cojty,J{rr Hix Monthn* 



■ I:! Ill) 

• 1 5U 



09" It In cxpcrtcil wlKTt* ntr^'iitH forwanl nnnif-B thi-y wil! l»e responsible 
for tlir luipiTH IliUM nr'lrri'fl; (ind wln-ii '"jif*!! piiyinrnlf* uri' nindi', lliey will 
plenKi'tVtrwtird thrm u itii tin- li-tn-r rfintiiiitiii* llii- iiiiliM'^ ul tlie HlibhiTitxTH, 

«^ (irnlii br»u;;lit In !■ In City for the .ll VIMI.K IS.<TKt< Toi-. will be 
iccelveU at tlie ufUcc uf our impGr—UK»E..ET Is'KWs U>;iLi>iN<iS. 



■fe^^'i 



