
VOL. XV 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY ].% 1880 



NO. 2. 



THE ATLANTIC STEAMERS. 



1"^HIllTV-Fn'E yeav.s ago the voyage across the Atlantic 
• was looked ujion with dread, when contemplating the 
dangers, real and imaginary, and the long, tedious weeks to 
he passed cooped up in the limited cabin of the sailing ship. 
During the past (juarter of a century, how marvellous the 
change! Not in regard to the danger, for this has, in reality, 
augmented; but in the comfortable, commodious and luxuriant 
arrangements provided for the passengers' ease and pleasure; 
and in the great speed attained by the change from sail to 



south. A.s manj' as 
this jiort on the same 



Indies, and along the coast north and 
eight and ten of these huge vessels leave 
day. 

When we take into consideration that each vessel consumes 
from ninety to one hundred and twenty tons of coal every 
twenty-four hours, and the cost of a trip out and home 
averages from twenty-five to thirty thousand dollars, we get an 
idea of the capital invested and the business involved in this 
ocean traffic. 




slrani, reducing tlie trip in point of time IVoni weeks to days, 
and with a regularity tlirouphout the year that is a.str)nishing. 
'I'o bring about results of this kiml has rci|uired the highest 
|ioint of skill in naval science; a ••kill lianll.\' rcall/.('(l by tin' 
jiublic generally. 

,\ssoeiateil with tin- port of New Nnrk, and coiMicctiiiL' it 
with the jirincipal coininiMcial centers of the globe, arc over 
ope hundred firnt-elaH« ocean uteainers, forming lines nnniing 
(land, fierinanv, l''r.incc, Mra/.il. the West 




The Kurojiean lines look to three sources for remuneration 
and prolil: regular pa.sscngers, emigrants and li eight. I)iHerent 
lines depend ujhju or uuike a specialty of one of these elements, 
using the others as sidiordinale sources of revenue. ]?y one or 
tw( of the lines, however, the three are ecpially and fully repre- 
sented an ' ib'pended upon. 

At th(^ bead of this list stands the Williams and ( i nlon line. 
This company owns four or five fir.st class iron steamers, 
averaging over tiiree thousand five hinidred tons each, and .^ 




14 



crTJ^iiiisrTLi:] iztrsT'i^.TJGTO^^, 






oniuiuamk'J by uffifcrs, most reliable and exiieriom-cd in ocean 
steam-navigution. Their vessels are celebrated for their sea- 
going qualities. They carry the United States mails; and 
advertize that not a single life has been lost in thirty years, 
through f'avdt or failure on their part, that has been entrusted 
to their eai-e. 

It is this line also that is jirincipally patronized by the Latter- 
day Saints in their transit to and from Liverpool, either as 
emigrants or missionaries. It is one of the sliijis of this line, 
the Wijitiiiiiig, I will attempt to describe for the benefit of my 
young readers, some of whom will doubtless in time be called 
upon to erois the miglity deep, and sliould therefore prepare 
them.selves before starting, with a little knowledge of the modes 
of transit. 

By all means, seeure a cabin or saloon passage, and go on 
board in time to properly care for your luggage: arrange your 
state-room, and get a general idea of the plan of the ship. 
lu making this survey you will be impressed with the massive- 
ness and solidity of everything: high bulwarks; guards and 
braces; ponderous blocks and tackles; lifeboats, doubly secured 
and hoisted; the heavy bolting and bi'acing of funnel and stacks; 
the intricate and interlaced rigging, with the massive masts 
and yards of iron; all bespeak preiiaratioii for an encounter 
with ■'dirty' weather and heavy seas. 

As the hour for departure draws near, the decks become 
crowded with leave-taking friends and luggage, through which 
the bu.sy crew rush, pidl and haul, and it becomes difficult to 
liear, or make way through the throng. Finally the ship's bell 
rings, and "all ashorel" is shouted; the leave-takings become 
general, some in tears, some with laughter; the big bridge is 
hauled ashore, the ponderous machinery starts, and the great 
>hip slowly moves away from the i>ier, amid the waving of 
liaiidkcrchiefs, aiul the huzzas and goo J byes of those ashore 
and on board. The shiji glides on gradually, with accelerating 
motion, and soon gains her proper speed, leaving friend, pier 
and spire utu'eeognizable in the distance. 

About "mid-ships" of the vessel is situated a house. 
twenty-Kve or thirty feet long, and fifteen feet wide. This is 
l)artiti'ined; tlie after part, called the "social hall," is used 
as a smoking room by the gentlemen; the forward part has 
i-i)ws of cushioned seats around three sides, and is used by the 
ladies when the weather is too boi.sterons on the deck. 

But the major part of the building is really erected as a 
protection to the cnnipanion way — the .<tairway leading down 
tu the saloon, or main cabin. 1'he sal<ion serves the jiurpose 
iif dining-room, drawing-ronm. .-^tudy. l a -lor, and. tna very great 
extent, the invalid ward of convalescent sea-sick passengers. 
Two rows of tables e.Ktcnd through the center of this — the 
largest |ioition of the ship appropriated for the passengers. 
It is Slime fifty feet long, and thirty feet wide, with elaborate 
dec-iiration> and tittinu.-: the siile boards glittering with the 
silver iilate, and tla- racks glistening with varied and elegant 
ent gla>; -ware. A piano occupies the af;e.- part uf the saliion. 
an'', on the ll//ii/ii//i;/. >winging from the eross-beams of the 
transnm light> over liead. are flower pots suspended by wire, 
nut of which gruw ivy. nio.-s, ferns, a:id a variety of beautiful 
flower.-. 

.MthciUgh the -u'ljiui an>wers iuv so n:ariy pnrposi--. the 
great gathering time i< at meals, lle.e at eight n cliick, a. m. 
ynu h ivc bieakla>t. and. fir the accummodalion uf those who 
are not very early ri>er-. it is ki-:il >-|pr(al until half pa.-it nine 
ur ten ii'cliM-k. At nm- nClock. p. m.. ynu arc sunimnneil by 
bell to lunch, which usually consumes an hour; but the grand 
asseniblv is at >i.\ n'clock. when dinner is .-crved, which 



reiiuires two hours at least to go regularly through the proper 
course of fish, flesh, fowl, etc. When the weather permits, 
towards the last of the voyage, the piano is brought into requi- 
sition, and the evenings in the saloon pass very jilcasantly. 
From the sides and after part of the saloon you enter your 
respective state rooms. These little rooms are about six by 
eight feet, and are fitted to be occupied by two persons caidi, 
all having two bunks or berths on one side, and a lounge on 
the other: also washstand. comb and brush racks, mirror, and 
other little conveniences for the toilet. 

At the foot of the stairway on the port side, is the ladies 
cabin, a small apartment, exclusive and retired, wdiere the 
ladies feel free and unrestrained, and can dispense with that 
exactness in dress and decorum required wdien associating 
with the other sex, in tlie great saloon. 

Ascending the stairway, and emerging from the companion 
way, you turn aft to the "social hall," or smoking room. It 
is about fifteen feet si(uare, and is elegan:ly fitted up with 
tables and lounges, and is really the most popular and best 
patronized ajiartment on the ship, and this mainly from its 
situation on deck aTording ample protection from the chilling- 
winds, with good ventilation and relief from the disagreeable 
smells that pervade most vessels between decks. 

Proceeding forward from the companion way, we pass, first, 
the "booby" hatch, secured over the main hatchway for the 
convenience of steerage and intermediate jiassengers; then the 
transoms, through which light and ventilation jienetrates the 
engine room. A glimpse through the dimmed glass reveals 
but faintly, the huge machinery, whose vibr.iting thromj), 
t'lromp soun'', day and night, from the time the pier is left, 
as regularly as the pulsations of a human heart. Forward of 
the transoms is the captain's cabin, outwardly in size and 
appearance similar to the building over the companion way. 
Here is certainly the most imjiortant part of the shi]). In its 
interior are the barometers, indicating the approach or the 
breaking up of storms: the chronometer and sextant, daily in 
use to determine the shiji's jKisition: the thermometer, and 
jiendulum and charts; and above all the captain himself, deep 
in thought and concern for the safety of his vessel, that all 
the wdiile goes jilunging through fog and rain, and sleet ami 
mist, day and night, without one moment's repo-e. 

One can imagine the knowledge required of winds and 
currents, rocks and shoals, and all, in fact, that is gained 
through long years of experience, and needed for the safety 
and guidance of the vessel. 

Stretching across the entire width of the shi|i. and crossing 
the toji of the captain's cabin is the bridge. Here are com- 
passes, and telegrajihic communications with difi'erent parts of 
the vessel, and here, night and day, from the begiiming to the 
close of the voyage, are stationed officers always on the. alert, 
and whose vigilant eyes never neglect to notice the slightest 
change of sea. sky. or water, or what is transpiring around 
them. At night, a large lantern is hoisted at the fiire-mast 
head, ju-t f'orwa''d of the bridge, the bright light. of \vhich 
sends its rays far over I lie sea. A green li.yht also Imins 
'luring the nighl on the -taiboard side of the bridge, and a red 
li lit on the port side. A I'ew stejis forward of the liiidge, 
ami we are on tlie./'i/'''r.s//('. ap|iro|iriated to the sailors, and 
the immense anchors la>lii'd ami chained ;ind bolted to the 
deck. 

Aft of' the snmkin'j room, we Innea flush deck to the riglit 
and lefl of the iiaii~onis. Here the cabin passengers promen- 
aiie. pla.\' shuHle bo;ird ami | eg-ring, and try to enjoy them- 
selves ijcnerallv. 





a"TJ^En\Tii-.:H] ih^sti^tjotoi^, 



15 




Stewards are on liand to answer and suiiply yonr wants; 
officers are courteous and affal>le; indeed, everything is studied 
ti5 make you couifdrtable, and give you pleasure. 3Iany per- 
sons are surprised wlien tliey learn that the course of the 
steamer, during the greater part of the first half of the voyage 
from New York to Liverpool, is northward, across the great 
hanks of Newfoundland; hut if they examine the maps, or, 
better still, a globe, they will easily understand why it is so. 

This first half of the voyage is also generally the most 
unpleasant. This is caused bj' tlie gulf stream, a current of 
warm water, fifty miles wide, flowing northward over the banks 
of Newfoundland, and there meetine; a counter-cnrrent flowing 
down from Baffin's Bay, which pours into it a stream of ice- 
bergs and ice-cold water, creating a ]ierpetual succession of 
fogs, mists and driving rains, with gales and squalls wliich, 
together with the sea-sickness usually exijerienced, makes it 
very disagreeable; but on the fourth or fifth day out, when 
this sickness leaves you and the weather becomes favorable, 
the voyage is more enjoyable. 

You cannot read much at sea, ])rinclpally becau.se there is so 
much going on around you to distract your attention from your 
book. You cannot, without difficulty, write at all. But in 
conversation and observation the days slip pleasantly by; and, 
as 5'ou approach nearer and nearer to the shores of Great 
Britain, j-ou forget the little inconveniences and rough iveather 
you liave passed through; And wlien the bold shores and 
green bluffs loom into sight, yo^i at once feel tliat for all 
risks and dangers encountered you will be amply rewarded in 
the glorious sights and scenes opening up and in store for you. 

G. M. O. 



THE THREE ERAS, 



BY HANN.MI T. KINO. 




[Cmitiinicd.] 

THKRE is anolhor important duty you have to perform; I 
mean your duty to your parents. You cannot expect a 
blessing if you neglect the great command, " Honor thy 
father and thy mother." It i'l the on'y one to which a 
blessing is promised— long life. We read that our Savior, as 
a child, was ">ul]jcct unto his parents," which, though penned 
with the .sublime brevity of scripture, is an epitome of filial 
duty; and even in the la.st mighty trial, in the agony of the 
most horrible death. He remembered His mother — the 
bitter trial she was called upon to endure — so bitter, that 
scripture represents it as a sword parsing through her annV. 
her future wants, and the support and sympathy she would 
re(|uiro. All this was remembered by the expiring Redeemer. 
When the guilt of a whole world finn laid upon Him, when 
tlie light of His f4eavenly ]''ather's countenance was with- 
drawn, even froin Him, yet amidst it all. He remeii]l>orod a 
grief-stricken woman, even His beloved mother. 'J'.ike thin 
the Savior in this, as in every other instance, as your stMiidard, 
your bright example. 

As brothers, you have great duties to fulfil, p.irticularly 
towards your sisters. Though yoti are yet but boys, begin to 
look upon yourselves as their protectors and defenders; bo 
klrid and polite to them, exerci.-<e towards tliem that true; 
liolitencss which springs from tlie iieart; be ready at all times 
to render tlnmi any little service in your power; and defend 
and support them when they require assistance. Your arm 
at pre.'-ent may not be very fitrong, but your tongue will, 



perhaps, render more effectual aid. Spurn the habit which 
some boys have of siieaking in a sneering, disparaging manner, 
of girls. Never speak of them at all unless called upon to do 
so by circumstances, and then let it be in such a manner as 
will become the future man. 

In a manly and generous bosom, the weaker party, of what- 
ever genus, will always call forth consideration and .sympathy, 
in whatever station it is found. "The poor beetle which we 
tread upon, in corporeal suff'ering feels a pang as great as 
when a giant dies." Think of this and you will not often 
offend in this way. It is said "the child is father to the 
man;" if so, how circumspect j'ou ought to be, that the future 
man may not have to blush for the follies of his childhood! 

(Dinner ended — all seated round the table. ) 

5Iamjl\. — "Now Guorgiana, let us have the dessert you 
have been so busily preparing all the morning — the birthday 
cake, and all the good things you can heap upon the table, 
suitable for boys and girls and a birthday feast. Now boys, 
politely help your sisters and yourselves, and enjoy the good 
things and be happ3'. Well, now what shall we talk about? 
Suppose, as we are getting to be old folks, we talk about our pros- 
pects in life. Come, boys, let us hear what you intend to be; 
it is high time you began to think about it now." 

Tom. — "I mean to be a farmer; I am .sure my fiither would 
not like me to be anything else, and as I am his eldest son, he 
will look to me for assistance. Old Derinford Dale would be 
lost, indeed, without its "king," for it has been in the 
possession of my father's family for three hundred years! 
Besides, I love a farmer's life; it Is more independent than 
any other business, though It is true he has to work hard in 
these days to keep the wolf from the door; still, with all you 
can say against it, there is much to recommend it — at least I 
think so — so I'm settled in that respect." 

Ma-MMA. — "Hark at the old farmer! He's made quite a 
speech, and like a true one, he did not forget to grumble a 
little. Well, Tom, I am like you; I like a farmer's life. 
Their concerns are not muddled in a corner like the c'ty 
tradesman, with perhaps a small store and eontracttu-'s ware- 
house; but the farmer's concerns spread them.selves out in a 
pleasant amplitude both to his eye and his heart; his house 
stands In its own stately solitude; his offices and outhou.ses 
stand round extensively, without any stubborn and llniiting 
contraction. His acres stretch o'er hill and dale: there his 
flocks and herds are feeding; there his laborers are toiling. 
He is king and sole commander; there lie lives amongst the 
purest air, gardens wet with purest dew, and humming at 
noontide with bees, and hundreds of rejoicing voices of birds 
and other creatures are heard; and winds blowing to and fro, 
full of health, and life, and enjoyment." 

Al.L Ttin Bors —"Hurrah f>r the farmers!" 

BIamm.v. — "Come, girls, we'll wave lUir handkeichier<, for 
I'm .sure our hearts respond to that." 

l''/l)lE — "Aunt, I must be a farmer; don't ynu think 1 
should make a good one?" 

Mamma.— "Your Tnele would tell you b<iler about tliat; 
ask him." 

( Ti) hr ( '(/III ill Hill. ) 



ExcKl.I.K.Nci'; in art, as in cverylliiiig else, can only be 
acliievcd liy dint of painstaking labor. There is nothing less 
accidental than the painting of a line picture, or the chiseling 
of a noble statue. Kvery skilled tomdi of the artist's brush 
orchi--el, lhuui;h guided by genius, is the prodtief ifunremit- 
titiK study. ,Si,ii7i.t. 





16 



J"Cr^EITIIL.E! IIsTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 




Beticeen Father and Son. 



Sox. — Father, I should like to hear a little more about the 
atonement of Jesus Christ. 

Father. — Very well. What do you wish to know? 

S. — Why was an atonement necessary? 

F.— Justice requires, when a law is broken, that punishment 
follow, or an adequate atonement be made. Justice requires 
that punishment follow transgression of the law of God. Trans- 
gression separates the transgressor from his God; and in the first 
transgression man was driven out of the garden of Eden, and 
God withdrew His presence. Man and beast and the earth were 
laid under a curse. Now, as sin or transgression separates man 
from his God, how is man to be reconciled to his God and regain 
power over death, and be readmitted into the presence of God? 

S. — I do not know. How can it be done? 

F. — Through the atonement of Jesus Christ. 

S.— In what way? 

F.— Jesus became the intercessor or mediator between God 
and man, and through Jesus a way was provided whereby 
man could become justified before God and become reconciled 
to Him. Hence man can only approach God in the name of 
Jesus Christ, for that is the only name given whereby man can 
be saved from sin and the full punishment thereof Tftus you 
will see why all we do in serving God is done in the name of 
Jesus Christ; and all our prayers to God are presented in that 
name, because man, of himself, having transgressed the law and 
become separated from God, cannot approach God again except 
through a mediator, who voluntarily takes upon himself the 
punishment due, injustice, for transgression. 

S. — Why must the mediator be voluntary? 

F. — Because justice cannot require one man to bear the sins of 
another. The mediator must also be an innocent person. 

S.— Why? 

F. — Because a guilty person would be subject to the punish- 
ment for transgression, and could neither redeem himself there- 
from nor redeem others, nor mediate or intercede for them. 

S. — Was Jesus innocent? 

F. — Certainly. He was without sin; and when He suffered 
death for the sins of the world, having taken upon Himself the 
punishment of those sins. He thereby made an atonement 
therefor, and opened up a waj' by which man might stand justi- 
fied before God. Hence the saying that Jesus is our justification 
before God. We are ju.<tified, not through anything we do or 
could do, but through thr mediation, suffering, and death of 
Jesus Christ. Hence the saying also that we are bought with a 
price, even the precious blood of Christ, the law being satisfied 
with His atonement, and the transgressors consequently being 
entitled to forgiveness or pardon. 

S. — We owe a great deal to Jesus Christ, then. 

F. — Certainly. We owe everything to Him — our lives, our 
hopes of salv:,tion and exaltation in the presence of God, and 
of eternal happiness with Him. 

S. — Then we ought to love Jesus, accordingly. 

F. — Most assuredly: but with all our love we can never repay 
Him, because He procured for us that which we could never 
have procured for ourselves. All that we had could not havi 
jmrchased us salvation from sin nor reconciliation with God. 
Hence, the atonement of Jesus Christ is the bond of love which 
will bind together in love all the redeemed to all eternity. For 
they are not their own, but His, He having purchased them, as 
it were, from the power of death, by virtue of His subjecting 
Himself, on their account, to suttering and death, which are the 
punishment of transgression. 




Kind hearts are the gardens. 
Kind thoughts are the roots. 

Kind words are the blossoms, 
Kind deeds are the fruits. 



T EMPLES. 



BY DANIEL TYLER. 



[Contimted.) 

ALL of the different quorums of the Church met separately 
at convenient places, girded themselves with towels, after 
the pattern of Jesus, and washed each other previous to 
entering the house of the Lord. In the temple their feet 
were washed by the presidents and counselors of their quorums; 
and so filled with the Holy Ghost were those who washed the 
feet of others that th*y were constrained to pronounce great 
and glorious blessings upon their heads while thus engaged. 

Then came the holy anointing, by the same presiding officers, 
a full account of which will be found in the fifteenth volume 
of the Millennial Star, in the history of Joseph Smith. 

It would occupy too much time to delineate all the par- 
ticulars here. Many had great and glorious visions. Some 
prophesied great blessings upon Israel and terrible calamities 
upon the wicked, especially the mobs who had driven the 
Saints from Jaskson County, Missouri. I well recollect Elder 
Jedediah M. Grant, a mere youth just merging to manhood, 
said, "many of them would die on the prairies, ravens and 
buzzards would pick out their eyes and dogs would gnaw their 
bones, which would bleach on the plains." This was literally 
fulfilled during the great gold excitement from 1849 to 1852. 
The cholera raged among them, and many were left along the 
Platte River, without being buried, while others were so 
slightly covered that the wolves unearthed and drew them out 
of their graves. 

I recollect very vividly that .Elder Erastus Snow, then a lad 
about seventeen years old, and now one of the Twelve Apos- 
tles, arose and projihesied on his own head that he would fish 
out Israel in the United States, traveling from State to State, 
after which he would cross the great Atlantic Ocean and fish 
them from nation to nation, he would then return, and with 
the Saints go west of the Rocky Mountains, where he would 
hunt Israel from the vales, dells, eaves and dens of the earth, 
and bring them to a knowledge of the true gospel. 

I need not tell my young friends that these mere boy's pre- 
dictions, if Brother Snow will allow me the term, have been 
fulfilled to the very letter; they know it for themselves. Elder 
Snow's labors abroad and presidency over and labors in the 
southern mission are living witnesses of the fact that he spoke 
as he was moved ujion by the Holy Ghost. 

These endowments were previous to the dedication of the 
temple. We will now return and say a few words about the 
dedication prayer. 

That prayer was given to the prophet Joseph Smith by 
revelation. He was inspired to quote from a former revelation 
thus: "Seek ye diligently, and teach one another words of 
wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom, 
seek learning by study, and also by faith." This revelation 
was given to the Elders, but will apply to all Saints. I hope 
my young brethren in particular will heed this command, as 
they will in a few short years receive the holy priesthood. 
They will always find the best books in the Sabbath schools. 

I intended to write several more articles on the endowments, 
but I will leave them fijr the present, and in my next speak 
of the Xauvoo Temple. 

(To he C'lintinncil.) 



Pr?:sent idleness bespeaks future want. 





CTTJ^rEH^ILE IIDTS^ri^XJGTOI^, 



iogra^hg. 






THE 




( ('oiittiiueiL ) 

E\'ERY eft'oit was made by the enemies of the Saints, after 
the Expositor was declared a nuisance, to fan the flames 
of persecution and to form combinations to drive and exter- 
minate them. In some jiarts, thej' threatened to drive or 
kill everj' Latter-da.v Saint who did not deny the faith and 
cease to believe that Joseph was a j)ropliet of God. They 
also threatened to use violence to those who were not Latter- 
day Saints, if they did not take up arms to help them drive 
the Church out of the country. Those whom they could not 
l^ersuade to join them in their schemes, they tried to frighten 
by their threats. They told men of this class that they must 
join them, or leave the country, or give their arms to them. 
One of the leading spirits of this work of persecution was 
one Levi Williams, a colonel of militia, and a Baptist preacher. 
With all his jiretentions to religion, he was a great villain. 
Robbery, house-burning, murder and eveiy other act of 
violence, he thought perfectly right, so long as the Latter-day 
Saints were the victims. To accomplish the destruction of 
the Saints, he was willing to adopt any measure, however 
wicked or violent. There were many others who were like 
him. They acted upon the idea that it was no disgrace to 
shoot a "Mormon;" that he had no rights which they should 
respect. Wliere they had the power, they were very violent 
and abusive; but they were always careful to have the largest 
number on theii- side when they made an attack on any person 
or settlement. They visited individuals and those who lived 
in small settlements, because they were not afraid of meeting 
cijuil numbers to resist them. As soon as the help which 
they expected from INIissouri should arrive, they said they 
should march against Joseph and the city of Nauvoo, 
capture him and destroy the city. They expected about 
fifteen hundred or two thousand men from Missouri to help 
them. 

Joscjih was well infornjcd respecting the movements of the 
mob, and he counselled the brethren to kcei) cool and jireparo 
their arms for the defense of the city. He had guards posted 
on all the roads leading out of the city, and, within the city, 
he had other guards stationed in the streets and on the river 
bank. This he did in his cai)acity as I>ieutctiaiit-(icneral of 
the Nauvoo Legion. He also issued orders to have all the 
jiowder and lead in tin; city secured, and that all the arnjs 
sliijuld tie briMiglit into use, anil those which were not used bj' 
their owners be jiuf into the hands of those wlio could use 
them. Under the circumstances which then existed, these 
])reparations were necessary, for the mob were threatening to 
march upon the city, and they could only be kci)t from doing 
sii by the knowledge that the Saints were i)rejiar(!d to give 
them a warm rec(!ption. Joseph, in company with S(^veral 
officers of the ].iegion, visitc^d the prairie east of Nauvoo ami 
arranged his plans for the defense of (lie city, and selected the 
most suitable jioiiits at whicli to nn-et tlie mob. He alsd 
made arrangements to .secure provisions for the cily, giving 
Ills agent instructions to pledge his farms iiir that i)ur]iiisc. 
On the Istli of June, he proclaimed llu'city of Nauvoo under 
rlial law, and issued the li)ll(HviMg procl.iniation: 




"To the Marsli;il of the City of Xaiivoo,— 

From the newspaper? around us, and the current reports as 
brought in from the surrounding country, I have good naron to 
fear that a mob is organizing to come upon this city, and plunder 
and destroy said city, as well as murder the citizens; and by 
virtue of the authority vested in me as Mayor, and to preserve 
the city and lives of the citizens, I do hereby declare the said 
city, within the limits of its corporation, under martial law. 
The officers, therefore, of the Nauvoo Legion, the police, as we'l 
as all others, will strictly see that no persons or property pass in 
or out of the city without due orders. 

Joseph Smith, Mayor." 

When a city is under martial law, military authoritj' becomes 
the ruling power; and the people cannot go out, neither can 
others come in without permission from the military com- 
mander. It is a strict, and in the hands of some men, a 
severe law; but in Nauvoo it was not severe on the Saints; it 
was a protection to them, as it gave the power to maintain a 
more complete control and to prevent the coming in and going 
out of enemies. 

Two da3'S previous to the jiroclamation of martial law, a 
public meeting was held at which a number of delegates were 
appointed to go to the different precincts throughout the 
County to lay a true statement of the condition of affairs at 
Nauvoo before the people, and to correct the many false 
reports which had been put in circulation. Joseph, on the 
same day, in his capacity as Mayor, issued a proclamation, in 
which he explained, at length, the causes which had led to 
the Expositor being declared a nuisance and destroyed. He 
also wrote to Governor Ford, and sent his letter by the hands 
of Edward Hunter, Philip B. Lewis and John Bills as mes- 
sengers. In this letter, he expressed his desire that the 
Governor would come to Nauvoo in person, with his staff, and 
investigate the whole difficulty without delay. This he thought 
would be the be.st method of restoring peace to the countrj'. 
With the letter, he sent an affidavit concerning the intentions 
of the mob. 

All this evidence had, however, but little weight with Gov- 
ernor Ford. He lacked the firmness, decision of character and 
tte sense of justice neces.sary to maintain order and to enforce 
the right. He became the tool of the mob, and they managed 
him, without informing him of all their plans, to suit their 
puri)o.><es. On the 21st of June, he came to Carthage, one of 
the places where the mob had full sway, and sent an express 
into Nauvoo to the mayor and city council, rci|ucsting them 
to send out to him one or more well-informed, discreet jiorsons, 
who could lay before him the city council's version of the dif- 
ficulty. Elder.s John Taylor, Willard llichards and Dr. John 
M. Bernhisel were selected to go. IJnithcrs Taylor and 
J5('rnhiscl <lid go, taking with them a number of affidavits, 
which set forth in great plainness tlu; acts of the niol), and 
Brother Richards remained to lU'cjiare additional documents. 
The next day, these ducuments were sent by the hand of 
Ijucicn Woodworth, who went in the stead of Dr. Richards. 
Joseph wrote another long letter to Governor Ford, and sent 
by him, in which he nuide many explanations, and repeated 
his ie(|ncst lor the governor to come to Nauvoo. If he would 
conic \\w^•^' tlii' mayor and city council could lay the whole 
matter before him in its tr\ie colors and sustain their state- 
ments by ail almndanco al testimony. Hut if they had to go 
to Carthage to do this, they would expose themselves to the 
power of a mob, filled with fury and a desire to shed blood, 
a part of whom had alri'ady (ircil several times upon the 
Sainti. 

( Til hr CnllfilllKl/.) 





CTTJ^EIZN-ILE in^STI^TJOTOi^, 




^jlit Hairenilf IfnstnictDii* 



GBOKGE Q. CANNON, - EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 188u. 




^T R Elders wlio went on missions to the 
East Indies learned that the best method 
of converting the Hindoos was to make 
them presents. The sectarian preachers 
Tvho had gone there as missionaries had 
success in 'persuading the natives to join 
their churches in proportion to the gifts 
thej' had to give them. In fact, they 
would follow any preacher and join any 
church if they were paid for doing so. 
This remark may not apply to all the people, 
for doubtless there are many sincere souls there 
as well as in other lands; but it applies to very 
many. In illustration of this trait of character 
many instances are related. The following 
story is a good one of the kind: 
jri"^ An Episcopal minister, by the name of Waterman, 

■/g^"^ having ample means of his own, made up his mind 
to go to the East Indies and enter upon the busi- 
ness of converting the Hindoos. He married on the day of 
sailing from the United States, and he and his wife landed at 
Bombay. He selected his field of labor in the Ferruckjoblee 
district, and on the (janges river. After a tiresome journey 
he and his wife reached their place of destination. 

' 'No missionary had ever before penetrated the Ferruckjoblee 
district, and Jlr. Waterman was kindly received by the 
natives. He fitted up one of the rooms of his beautiful 
vine-clad nontcli as a chapel, and converted his veranda into 
a school room. 

"At first the young Hindoos failed to take much interest in 
the school, but when 3Irs. Waterman, taking a hint from the 
Sunday schools of her native land, offered clothes, candy, and 
stereosco])ic views of the Holy Land as attractions, a sudden 
desire for in.struction was manifested. 

'"There was an olil woman who gained her livelihood as a 
rity-veda, or washerwoman, who one day brought to 3Irs. 
Waterman three slender, small boys of the a]iparent age of 
from ten to twelve, and offered them as scholars. She said 
they were her own sons, and she was very anxious that they 
should receive instruction. !Mrs. Waterman accordingly 
clothed them, furnished them with school books, and warmly 
welcomed them as pupils. Tlicy were bright little boys and 
she soon became very much attached to them. At the end of 
about a week, however, they failed to appear, and their 
venerable mother, overwhelmed with grief, informed Mrs. 
Waterman that they lunl been gathered in by a tiger who 
infested the ueigliburin^' jungle, and regarded the children of 
the town as a crop rai.sed for his special benefit. 

■ 'The good missionaries deeply sympathized with the bereaved 
woman, but were delighted to learn that she had three other 
boys whom she desired to have Christianized. The boys were 
Jiroduced, and were duly clothed, booked and candied. .Mr. 
Waterman attempted to renuirk to his wife on the euriou3 
fact, that the.se three boys were appa ently of the .-^ame age 



as the other three, but his wife told him that men ought not 
to talk about what they know nothing of, and, besides that, 
he ought to consider the climate. 

"The second set of boys lasted longer than their predecessors 
— long enough, in fact, to lose their books and tear their 
clothing to such an extent that required a new issue of shirts 
and trousers. At the end of about three weeks, however, 
they vanished, and their poor mother, nearly crazed with 
sorrow, informed Mrs. Waterman that they had been eaten by 
a crocodile while they were bathing in the Ganges. This was 
a heavy blow to the missionary's wife, and nothing sustained 
her under it except the ofifer of the poor rig-veda to bring all 
her remaining children to the school. 

"The next day the remaining children, consisting of six 
more boys, all of about the same age as the previous ones, 
were brought to the school. Mr. Waterman was anxious to 
have an explanation from the washerwoman concerning the 
age of the children, but his wife convinced him that it would 
be indelicate. She reminded him that he had only been 
married about three months, and that he was entirely ignorant 
of the manners and customs of the Hindoos. 'We are not 
here,' she added, 'to pry into private affairs. The dear, good 
old woman appears to have been a little reckless in children, 
but she is a poor, benighted pagan, and we ought not to 
judge her.' 

"Two weeks later the last half-dozen little Hindoos disap- 
peared. Their mother shortly after made her appearance at 
the missionaries' }iautch, with her garments rent and ashes 
heaped on her head. Her last remaining boj's had been 
drowned in the Ganges, £.nd she was now ready to die. She 
had, it is true, a few girls, but she rather imagined that the 
good missionaries had no use for girls in their school. Mrs. 
Waterman was about to tell her to send her girls to the school, 
when ^Ir. Waterman sternly asked their age. Like the boys, 
the girls, who were elevea in number, were all between ten 
and twelve years of age. At this point the missionary's 
credulity failed. He said that twins were possible, and that 
he would not go so far as to deny the possibility of triplets, 
but that any self-respecting pagan could be the mother of 
twenty-three children in two consecutive years he utterly 
refused to believe. Accordingly, he declined the eleven girls 
with thanks, and dismissed the weeping washerwoman with 
much coldness. 

"With the aid of the British resident, it was subsequently 
ascertained that the wicked old woman had never owned any 
personal children, but that she had hired local children to 
attend the school and bring her the clothes and books [with 
which the missionaries supplied them. Of course, the 
Chokeebadnuggar mission came to a sudden end. jMr. 
Waterman and his wife have abandcned the Indian mission 
field for the present, but it is thought they will soon make 
another attempt in the Chinese field." 



Sl'iiiEKS. — There are in Ceyli)n, spiders with legs which 
would span an ordinary-.sized breakfast-]:ilate; and it seems to 
be now pretty well ascertained that these creatures seize small 
birds and feast upon tlieir blood. There are also such spiders 
known in Australia and Hindostan. Their webs are strong 
enough to entangle and hold the small birds; and one species 
weaves threails, or rather cords, atliwart the jiathways, which 
once actuall}- lifted Sir Emerson Teruient's hat off' his head 
in riding. Small house-lizards are sometimes seized and 
devoured by these sijiders. 



>Q&: 




iL^^- 




;.v 



CTTJ^EINTILEI in^STI?.TJCTOI^. 



19 



cti^tnxt §toxits 



BY BETH. 



THE FINDING OF MOSES. 

IF wo could obtain access to a complete histor}' of the deal- 
ings of God with the children of men, we would find that 
in every age those who have had faith in God have had power 
to draw down upon themselves His blessings. Not that other.s 
have been uncared for bj' Him, for He "causeth the rain to 
descend upon the just and the unjust," but those who have 
covenanted with Him to serve Him have been especially cared 
for by Him. However distasteful this truth may be to the 
mukitude, of whom it maybe said, "God is not in all their 
thoughts," we find tliat Abraham was chosen by God, and we 
may be sure for good reasons, as the great patriarch, and the 




l.ipid declared to him "in thee and in thy seeil shall all the 
nations of the earth be blessed." This was to him the patent 
(if tjie highest title of nobility that could bo conferred ujion 
iiian. Anil when the Lord promised, he believed, as he did 
when the promise was made that "his seed should be asiiuni- 
erous as the stars for niidlitude." Tiie chronicle tells us that 
Abraham "believ('d in llie Lord; ai)d be cdinited it to him ('(ir 
righteousness." 

]5caring these tilings in mind, il is p.irticiil.n-ly intorosliiig 
and encouraging to us to notice tlie iindiiiii nl' Moses, which 
\vc see licre represented in such a pleasing mannir. W e see 
tlii^ helpless babe, in tlic ark of buli'uslics, wiio lias been 
i|i,-.ciivere(l by tlio roval daughl<;r of i'luiiaoh. tlie EgypliaM 
king. The babe is a cliild of promise, whom the Lord lias 
designed to save, anil the simple inelhods of bl■illl-'in^' this 
about are exceedingly romantic, bid \ciy mil iiimI. The 
mother was a dangiiter of licvi, lliat is, slie belniiLcil lo ihal 
tribe. She wished to save tlie babe from destruction. Tlie cliil- 
ilren 111' Israel were at lliat time in a coinrKiini uC llic ciiiclcsl 




bondage. The Egyptians, who had been saved from famine 
and destruction by Joseph, had become jealous of the descend- 
ants of -Jacob. The cruel king, wlio held the title of Pharaoh, 
and who knew not Joseph, had endeavored to jiersuade the 
midwives to destroy the male children of Israel as soon as 
they were born, wdiich they could have done. To the ever- 
lasting honor of these midwives, we are told that they would 
not do this. We are told the reason: "The midwives feared 
God, and did not as the king of Egypt commanded them, but 
saved the men children alive." 

But still the cruel policy of the king had to be carried out. 
He decreed that "every son that is born ye shall cast into the 
river, and every daughter ye shall save alive. ' ' No wonder 
the mother of this babe was anxious about her loved one, and 
we cannot but admire the skill by which his preservation was 
accomplished, although we cannot but see the hand of the 
Lord in his deliverance. 

Who would have thought it ! This little babe that was so 
feeble, and at the mercy of the elements — this lowly child was 
destined to become the savior of his people, the law-giver of 
Israel ! 

The babe had been cared for with a mother's fondest affec- 
tion. An ark of bulrushes had been prepared for it.s recep- 
tion, and it had been placed in the flags by the river's brink. 
There stood the sister of the child, watching "afar off to wit 
what would be done to him. ' ' What a moment of anxiety this 
was, those only who know a mother's love can feel. 

"And the daughter of Pharaoh came down to was^ herself 
at the river; and her maidens walked along by the river's 
side: and when she saw the ark among the flags, she sent her 
maid to fetch it. And when she had ojiened it, she saw the 
child: and, behold, the babe wept. And she had compassion 
on him, and said, This is one of the Hebrews' children." 
AVe know the sequel. It is a fixr prettier story than any work 
of fiction. By and by, the child grew, and the nurse (his own 
mother) "brought him imto I'haraoh's daughter, and he 
became her son." She called his name Moses; and she said 
why she so called him: "Because I drew him out of the 
water."' 

If we would know more about this history the 7th chapter 
of the Acts of the Apostles will supjily it, as well as the 
doings of Moses as recorded by the projihets. "Jloses was 
learned in all the wisdom of the Eg/ptians, and was mighty 
in words and in deeds. ' ' 

When we reflect upon the condition of the earth in these 
days we can see how great was the wisdom manifested by the 
]jord in giving an o]iportnnify to Moses to become thus 
learned in the court of the Pharaohs. Wo read that the wife 
of Pharaoh, whoso name was Hatria, was initiated into all the 
higher mysteries of the Egyptians, and that she imparted 
tiuit knowledge to the adopted son of her daughterThermuthis. 
Notwithstanding all this, we are told that Mosos lu'ovod faith- 
I'lil III the truth, and refused to be called the sou of I'liaraoh's 
(laiiiililer. 



A MAiil'iKS Ami siv\:KN'r. — There i> .-i slniy lnld of a tamo 
ma'jpic whii'li \va< seen Imsily eiii|ilii>ci| in a uiinleii gathering 
pelililes, and. with much solemnily and a sliidicd air. dmpping 
ihoiii into a hole alnnit oighleoM inches deep, iiiaiK' In receive 
a |iii,^l. .M'lor droppim;' each slmic, il cried •'( 'iirraek!" 
Iriiimphiiiilly, and set oil' Cur niicllicr, ( »ii examining the 
spill, a pii.ir liiiid was II.iiikI in llic lii.'c which llic magpie 
w;is >l(iiiiiiLr fur his amiiscmciil. 







^1^ 




so 



J-TJ^En^ILEl IH^ST-E^TJCTOK.. 




BOOK OF MORMON SKETCHES. 



BY JAS. A. LITTLE. 




( Continued.) 

GAIXIXG the favor of the king, the priests of Noah were 
made teachers over the Lamanites. Educated in the 
language of Nephi, they began to teach it among the Laman- 
ites. They taught the people nothing of the religion of their 
fathers, or of the law of Moses, but instructed them how to 
keep their record, and write one to another. All this time, 
Laman, the king of the Lamanites, ruled over a numerous 
people, inhabiting several provinces, governed by subordinate 
kings and rulers. Having no written standard, the language 
of the Lamanites had become, like their manners and customs, 
rude and barbarous. The advent of the priests of Noah 
among them was the commencement of a new era — the intro- 
duction of a higher civilization. As a result, they increa.sed 
in wealth, and trade and commerce extended among them; the}' 
became cunning and wise, and therefore great and powerful, 
but were addicted to robbery and plunder, except among 
themselves. Amnion began to persecute Alma and his people, 
and caused that his children should persecute their children. 
Amnion knew that Alma had been one of the priests of Noah, 
and had believed the words of Abinadi, and was therefore 
wroth with him, and put taskmasters over him and his peo- 
ple. So great were their afflictions, that they began to cry 
mightily to God. Amnion commanded them to stop their 
cries, and put guards over them, with orders to put to death 
any that should be found calling upon God. But the Lord 
comforted and strengthened them in their afflictions, so that 
their burdens were easily borne. The time of their deliverance 
finally came, for one day the Lord promised them that He 
would deliver them from bondage on the morrow. He 
directed Alma what course to pursue, and to act as their 
leader. The following night was occupied in getting their 
flocks and provisions together, and preparing for their journey. 
In the morning, wlien their Lamanite guards and taskmasters 
were in a profound sleep, they set out on their journey into the 
wilderness. After travelling all day they pitched their tents in 
a valley which they named Alma. The Lord warned Alma to 
hasten out of the country, for the Lamanites were in pursuit, 
but said He would stop them in the valley where Alma was 
then camped. Alma and his company traveled twelve da3's. 
and arrived in Zarahemla. This, with the eight days occupied 
in travelling from the waters of Mormon to the land of Helem, 
makes twenty daj's travel from the waters of Mormom to 
Zarahemla. With flocks and herds, women and children, they 
did not iirobaV)ly average over twenty miles a day. If this 
conjecture is approximately correct, the distance was about 40U 
miles. With the arrival of Alma and his people in Zaru- 
hemla, closes the attempt made by Zenifi" and his companj' to 
re-colonie the land of Nephi. It was productive of much 
suffering and loss of life, and, in the end, unsuccessful. 
Probably this effort occupied about fifty years. Alma and his 
lieople were received with joy by King 3Iosiah and the pcojile 
of Zarahemla. The descendants of Nephi and those who 
followed his teachings were not near as numerous as the ijeojde 
of Zarahemla. At the time of the union of the two peoples 
under the first Mosiah, and when all who claimed the name of 
Nephltes were united, as was now the case in the land of Zara- 
hemla, they were not half so numerous as the Lamanites. 
Why there should have been at this time so great a difference 
in the numbers of the two peoples who inhabited South 
America, seems difficult to determine, and especially why that 



diff"erenee should have been in favor of barbarism. The reason 
may have been the large numbers who apostatized from the 
Nephites, and went over to the Lamanites. 

The people of Nephi and the people of Zarahemla were 
gathered together in two bodies, and Mosiah caused to be read 
to them the record of Zeniff' and his people, from the time 
they left Zarahemla until their return, and also the account of 
Alma and his brethren. These naratives led the people to 
reflect much on the wonderful providences of God, and they 
had much cause for both sorrow and rejoicing. 

The children of Amulon and his fellow priests, who, with 
their mothers were deserted at the time King Noah and his 
peojile were attacked by the Lamanites, were disjileased at the 
conduct of their fathers, and would not be called by their 
name. They chose to be numbered with the Nephites, and 
had, probably, accompanied Alma to Zarahemla. At this 
period of Nephite history, all the people of South America 
who believed in a divinely inspired priesthood, were gathered 
into the land of Zarahemla under !Mosiah, one of the royal 
line of Nephite kings, of direct descent from Nephi. This 
now united people were ever after called Nephites. Those 
who were cursed with a dark skin, who had no faith in inspired 
records, or in prophets, and who indulged in bitter hatred 
towards the Nephites were called Lamanites. With the 
sanction of the king. Alma traveled and preached the gospel 
in the land of Zarahemla, established several branches of the 
church, and appointed priests and teachers over them. There 
were many of the rising generation [who were too young to 
understand the teachings of King Benjamin, and they did not 
believe the traditions of their fathers, or the doctrines of the 
gospel. They ever remained a separate people in their 
religious faith. They laid the foundation of the first religious 
schism among the Nephites, and it was v.ery destructive in its 
results. During the reign of Mosiah they were in the minor- 
ity, but, owing to dissensions in the church, they afterwards 
became quite numerous. Those who would not forsake their 
evil practices were cut off' from the church by Alma. In time, 
the dissenters and apostates began to persecute the church, 
and the case was laid before King Mosiah. He promulgated 
a law that persecutions should everywhere cease, that there 
should be equality among all men, and that all should labor 
with their hands for their support. There was again peace 
and ])rospcrity; the people increased rapidly, and extended 
their settlements in every direction over the countr.v. They 
built many cities and villages, and became numerous and 
wealth}'. About this time another circumstance of a religious 
nature occurred which had a great influence on the then future 
of the Nephites. Four of the sons of Mo.siah, Ammon, 
Aaron, Omner, and Ilimni were numbered among the un- 
believers, and Alma, the son of Alma, who presided over the 
church, was a very wicked and idolatrous man. The latter 
especially had a great influence in retarding the prosperity of 
the church, for he and the sons of Mosiah went about secretly, 
doing all they could to destroy it. While engaged in this 
wicked labor, an angel of the Lord appeared to them with 
great manifestations of i>ower, and reproved and in.structed 
them. This resulted in tlieir conversion and reformation, and 
they engaged with as much zeal and energy in jireaching the 
gospel, as they had before manifested in opposing it. They 
traveled among all the people of Zarahemla, striving to repair 
the injuries they had done. They taught and published the 
things they had seen and heard, and were instrumental in 
bringing many to a knowledge of the truth. After these 
labors, the sons of Mosiah took a few others with them and 





a-cr^EiisriiL.Ei in^sTK^TJCTOi?.. 



SI 




returned to their father. They asked of him the privilege of 
going up to the land of Nephi, and preaching to their brethren, 
the Lamanites. After pleading many days with their father, 
having enquired of the Lord concerning the matter, he gave 
his consent, and the3' started fir the land of Nephi. 
( To he Continued. ) 



i(f^orrcs^onilcnce. 



"FIRST MISSION" APPRECIATED— VISIT FROM 

THE QUEEN— PROPOSITION FOR A 

CHARITABLE WORK. 




La IE, Oahu, Sandwich Islands, 
December 4, 1879. 
Kdltor Jucentle Infitrnrtor. 

Dear Brother: — Six nicely bound little books, 
"My First Mission," reached our home at Laie, a few nights ago, 
late in the evening, from your office, I have no doubt. My wife 
and I secured ourselves from the merciless attack of a host of 
mosquitos within the mosquito netting, and perused that price- 
less gem from the first to the last page, mclusive, before closing 
our eyes for rest, the interest and inspiration increasing as we 
advanced. Our feelings and attachment for "My First Mission" 
reached a higher point of interest, perhaps, on account of being 
at present so closely identified with the field of labor in which 
the events recorded therein transpired. 1 testifj* that "My First 
Mission," of the "Faith-Promoting Series," has inspired in me 
an increased portion of faith, and it cannot be too highly recom- 
mended to and introduced among the children of the Latter-day 
Saints. 

To-day Her Majesty, Queen Kapiolani, paid us a visit at Laie, 
and dined with us at our residence. Before she left, we presented 
Her Majesty with one of the "Faith Promoting Series," which 
she received, expressing great thanks, which became more 
intensified when we told her it was the jtwovlilo of the life and 
labors of Elder George Q. Cannon, during his mission to the 
Sandwich Islands. The queen remarked that she bad heard of 
Mr. Cannon, and regretted very much that she could not read 
the book, but said she would get the king to read it and interpret 
to her. She only remained about two hours with us, but remarked 
to the foreigner, at whose residence she stopped for the night, at 
Havula, an adjoining land, when invited by him to call again, 
that she was booked for Laie, when she again made the tour of 
Oahu, for nowhere in all her visits was she so well treated as at 
Laic. "There is something very remarkable," said the queen, 
while at Havula, "about the 'Mormon' Elders. When I visit 
Laie they are very kind and sociable, and then, when I go there 
again, I find that those I formerly met have gone, and those who 
are strange to me take their j)lace, but yet they are all tl>e same, 
kind and pleasant, and the same spirit prevails." 

We gave the queen quite a pleasant little reception, having 
received a small note from Her Majesty, informing us of her 
intended call at Laie, by arranging in two lines, the Elders, 
Priests, Teacliers, Deacons, I'elief Society, (Queen's Society (the 
latter organized by tlie queen herself for charitable purposes), 
Young Men's and Young Women's Improvcmiwit Societies, 
Sunday school and day school children, including citizens. Two 
bands discoursed musii', the best they were able to make with a 
limited supjily of instruments, while the two lines marehed from 
the lower gate through tlio downy pasture, as the quei^n advanced 
between the two lines, meeting us at the gate of llie fence sur- 
rounding our residence. 

I desire to lay before you and those connected with you in the 
Sunday school interest what seems to me to b(^ a vi^ry important 
matter connected with the welfare of the children of the Saints 
in this mission. We are making eti'orts to increase the interest 



of the Sabbath school cause throughout the mission, but our 
etlbrts are retarded very niuch for the wantof some of our Church 
books published in the Hawaiian language. We have the Book 
of Mormon which you translated, but there are very few of those 
among the natives outside of Laie. The Catechism for Children 
would be an excellent work to introduce into our schools, if 
translated into the native language. One of the Elders here is 
now, at times, working at the translation. Would not the chil- 
dren of the Sabbath schools in Zion subscribe five or ten cents 
each and have the catechism published at your otBce, in the 
Hawaiian language, and thus place before the children of these 
islands ideas and principles connected with our holy religion. 

Should you entertain this proposition favorably we will push 
the translation forward as rapidly as possible, and send you the 
manuscript for correction and publication. 

I have a class at our Sunday school here in the Book of Mor- 
mon, which I have lately commenced, composed of elderly per- 
sons, numbering twenty-five. 

Praying for your success in the Sunday school cause and the 
final triumph of Zion, I remain most respectfully, 

H. H. Cluff. 



MISSIONARY WORK IN NORTH CAROLINA- 
FUTILE EFFORTS TO OPPOSE THE ELDERS. 



Toms' Creek, Surry Co., N.C., 

December 30th, 1879. 
Elder George C. Lambert, 

DeaR Brother; — It affords me pleasure to com- 
municate with you, according to promise. Since last we met, I 
have traveled much, and have had an experience that is of great 
worth to myself, and I trust will be of value to others. 

After arriving at my field of labor, in North Carolina, I 
traveled with Elder Beck, and on the first of August we left the 
branch of the Church which we had organized in Surry Co., 
and started in a south-west direction, along the foot of the Blue 
Kidge Mountains. It seemed to us rather a curious undertakine:, 
but we well knew that if we had no other friends, we should not 
be forgotten by Him who reigns above. Thus we iforked our 
way through, holding meetings with varying success, until we 
had traveled about one hundred and thirty miles, when we 
unexpectedly found Brother Lindsay and family, in McDowell 
County, whose kind hospitality I trust we will never forget. In 
this neighbourhood we held several meetings, and then returned 
to Surry, where we arrived, feeling well, realizing that we had 
made an opening for the spread of the truth. 

Since Brother Beck's release, I have traveled with Elder 
Spencp, who has the spirit of his calling at heart, and, although 
we were both young, by the help of the Lord I trust Wd are 
doing some good. 

On the first of November we started on another trip to 
McDowell. We did not hold any meetings on the way, because 
revivals wera raging so. Still wherever we go, we make some 
friends. 

On our arrival in Burk Co., we stopped with Mr. Parks, whose 
ai'ciuiiintance Hrothor Beck and I had made. He took us to a 
Baptist meeting, where we weri^ the object of much curiosity, as 
is generally the case with "Mormon" Elders; although they di<l 
not know who we were, still there seemed to bo something about 
us that excited their curiosity. Mr. Parks spoke to the 
authorities of the church about getting the bouse for us to preach 
in. They held a long council over the nuittcr, but when the 
))(^ople learned who we were their curiosity was still more excited, 
and they were very anxious to hear us preach. The meeting was 
in a perfect uproar, and continued so for an hour and a haU alter 
the appointed time for commencing, and the more the lea<lers 
atteiMi>ted to prevent us from speaking, the more the congre- 
gation wanted to hear us. 

Finding tlicy could not smooth the matter over, they decided 
that we could not have the house, and commenced their meeting. 
We were inyited to the front, and during the service, the 





2S 



CTTJ'^E^TII-.IB IITSTI^TJOTOE. 




ministpr, we thought, used every exertion to convert us, but we 
were "Valley-tan," and his eloquence fell upon our ears with but 
little effect. 

At the close of the nieetins;, Jlr. Parks otlered his house for us 

preach in, which was just what we wanted. We held a meet- 
ing there in the evening, and the people seemed to come from all 
directions, filling the house and yard, the greater portion of 
whom had never before seen a "Mormon." The spirit of the 
Lord was with us and we had an excellent meeting. After it 
was over, quite a number stayed. They asked many questions, 
and appeared much pleased with our doctrines. 

We next went to Brother Lindsa3''s where we made our appoint- 
ment. Here a Methodist preacher tried his utmost to prevent 
the people from hearing us, but it ended in our having a better 
attendance than we had ever before in the same place. 

And thus "we are able to look with pleasure at the unfruitful 
efforts of our enemies to hinder the progress of God's work, for 
when we returned to Brother Parks, we held more meetings, 
and be, with his wife, and another man and his wife demanded 
baptism, and a great many more seem to be strong believers. 

On our return to Lindsaj-'s we babtized a young man, and 
prospects fur more are promising. We started back for Surry, 
where we arrived Christmas eve, and found Elder Taylor and 
the Saints feoliug well. Four have been baptized in Surrj' since 

1 have been here and we expect to baptize quite a number shortly. 
One family emigrated during our absence and more expect to 
in the spring, while others are an.viouslj- awaiting their deliver- 
ance from Babylon. The outlook is certainly encouraging. 

That heaven's richest blessings may rest upon you and all in 
'/Ann, is the prayer of your humble brother in the gospel of Christ, 

J. H. MOYLE. 



PROSPECTS IX THE (iERMAX MISSION. DISTRESS 
AMONG THE POOR. 



E 



LDKU ARliAM II. CANNON, writing from Ludwlgs- 
J liaf'eii, Switzerland, December 24tli, l.^T'.i, saj's: 
"There is a great amount of labor to be done amongst the 
German people in this land. In this little piece, which has not 
been open to our Elders but a short time, there are 97 members 
of the Church, and ^C> more persons waiting for the Rhine river 
to open, so that they can be baptized. I am conlident that 
before very long, our Elders will be permitted to preach in all 
parts of this land, and then there will be thousands upon thou- 
sands who will accept the gospel. 

"It is only within the last week or two that the Saints have had 
singing in their meetings here, for fear of gathering a crowd, and 
thus hring'ng the p)lica d iwn on them. 

"In Berlin, a person can talk to an assembly as much as he likes 
if he will remain sit'.in.g, but the moment he arises and starts to 
preach, he is arrested. There is so much fear of socialism — and 
well there need be — that every assembly is watched, and an3' 
very large gathering is not permitted. "\Ve have to be very quiet 
just at present, in trying to obtain converts, and in teaching the 
principles of the gos|)«l. 

"There is a great amount of suffering among the poorer classes 
here, as well as in England, and what pinny of them will do for 
bread until another harvest, I do not know. The Elders are 
always received verj- kindly by the Saints, wherever they go 
and their wants 5U))plicd. as far as the limited means of the 
people will admit." 



PROCiRESS T\ THK XJIICINIA MISSION. 



ELDKl! Af. F. COWLKV. wiitin- fVom Burk'.s Garden, 
Tazewell Co., \'a., December olst. IsT'.i. !.^ay.s: 
"I have been laboring in this part of the ^'irginia Conf.rence 
with moderate success. Baptisms have been frei]uent, and a 
number have emigrated, with prospects for more in the spring 
Prospects in the mission, so far as I know, are generally 



\:P 



encouraging. We have received some opposition from hireling 
priests; but it is all right. 'The more they kick the mustard tree, 
the more they scatter the seeds.' Let them kick. 

"The weather here has been remarkabl.y warm for this season; 
frequent rains, causing high water and muddy roads. We 
expect a visit from Prest. John Morgan before long. Hei s visit- 
ing the branches of the Mission in the south, and will be heartil.y 
welcomed b3' the Saints and friends in this localitv." 



THE LAWS OF THE NEPHITES. 



BY G. R. 



THE NEPHITES UNDER THE KINGS. 

THE fir.st portioa of the history of the Nephites, when they 
were governed by kings, covers almost exactly one half of 
their national existence or from the time of the landing of the 
colony 00 the coast of Chili to .'j09 years after the dejiarturc 
of Lehi from J erusalem. Of the Ihws by which the people were 
governed during this period, which however we are told "were 
exceeding strict" (page 1.53), ('■) we have few details, for the 
reason that the plates from which the greater portion of the 
Book of Mormon which relates to this period was taken con- 
tain the records of their prophets rather than the annals of 
■their kings. With regard to these kings, they of whose lives 
we have any particulars (viz : Nephi, the first king, and 
Mo.siah I., Benjamin and Mosiah II., the three last) were emi- 
nently virtuous, ju.st and merciful men, who reigned as all mon- 
archs should, but few do — with an eye single to the good of 
their subjects. Of their kings in general the prophet Jarom 
incidentally remarks, about -100 years before Christ, ''Our 
kings and our leaders were mighty men in the faith of the 
Lord: and they taught the people the ways of the Lord" 
(p. 15?)); indeed, we recollect no intimation, in any part of the 
sacred record, of tyranny on the part of those who reigned 
over the tnain body of the nation; the government may, we 
think, be justly considered to apiiroximate nearest to a limited 
monarchy, in which, as in ancient Israel, the prophet often 
exercised more power than the king. Though this be true 
of the central government, it unfortunately cannot be so staled 
of the colony who returned to the land of Nephi in the daysof 
King Benjamin; that iieojjle .suffered be.voiid description 
fiiim the tyranny and wickedness, and the consc(|Ucnces result- 
ing therefrom, of their second king, Noah, the niurderer of the 
servants of the true and living Gud. 

Of the life and character of the first king of tjie Nephites, 
the father of his jieople. Nephi. the son of ].,ehi, we need say 
nothing here. History affords no better model of the true 
lirinee. So thought his people, and they, to retain in remem- 
brance his name, and tojierpetuate the re<-ollection of his virtues, 
called his successors, second Nephi, third Nephi etc., no 
matter what their original name niiulil have been (\>. lL",l). 
Thus, with this jieople every king was a Nephi, as in ancient 
Kyg]it eveiy ruler was a I'liaraoh, and in Rome every Emjieror, 
for a Ion/ jicriod, was a Ciosar. 

The ri.ght of choosing his successor appears to have been vested 
in the reigning sovereign. When Noiilii became old, and saw that 
he must soon die, "he anointed a man to be a king and a ruler over 
his ]ieoi)le" i p. 1:2'.'). King Benjamin cho.se his .son Mosiah to 
leign in his stead, and then gathered the jicople to receive hislast 
charge and ratify his selection. !Mosiah gave the peo])!e yet 



-The pajii's .^ll refer to the fiool: of Mormon, In.st cilitiiui, tlivide 



?1 



<4 



in 




GrTJATEJiTILE IIS^STK.TJGTOI^•, 



S3 




greater liberty, ami instead nf iiouiinatiiig liis sueecs.sor directed 
them to make their own ohnii.-e. The peoiile liighlj' appreciated 
this act of j>raee (in the part of their beloved king, and selected 
Aaron his son. AVe are not informed, by the sacred historian, 
why the ])eop!e nnide choice of Aaron, in preference to 
Animon, whose name alv.'ays occupies the first place when tlie 
sons of Jlosiah are mentioned, and eonsc(|uently may be sup- 
jioscd to be the eldest of the family. Aaron, whose heart was 
set upon (he salvation of the Lamanites, declined the kingly 
authority, when !Mosiah very wisely advised his subjects not to 
select another tf) fill the throne, lest it give rise, in the future, to 
bloodshed and contention, but to elect judges to be their rulers, 
instead of kintis. which ]n-oiiosition they accepted with groat joy. 

With regard to the Ncphite laws in the days of the kings 
and the manner of their execution, we can learn most from 
the parting addresses of Kings Benjauiin and Mosiah II. to their 
subjects. We are frequently told by the sacred writers, from 
Nephi, the f .under, tn Xephi, the disciple, that the jieople 
observed the law of Moses (p. lo'.t, 13.-., l.i:;, ]f>2, 192, 19.3, 
3211. 327, 3311 and elsewhere), modified, we judge, in .some of 
its details to suit the altered circumstance,? of the Nephites 
fidm those of their brethren in the land of Palestine. As an 
instance we draw attention to the fact that, as there were none 
of the tribe of Levi in the colony that accomjianied Lehi from 
Judea, the priestly office mu.st necessarily have been filled and 
the required sacrifices and burned offerings offered (p. ](j2) by 
some of the members of the tribes who were with them. 
Nephi (doubtless by the direction of the Lord) appointed his 
brothers Jacol) and Joseph to be the priests for the people, 
thev being of the tribe of Manas.seh, and the care of the saered 
records remained with the descendants of the first named for 
several cenerations. The members of the various orders of 
the priesthood when not actually engaged in the work of the 
ministry, in the duties of the temple, or the service of the sar^c- 
tuarv were reipiired to labor for their own support, that they 
might not prove burdensouu' to the jieople (p. 2112, 223, 23.-), 
236 etc). A merciful iirovision was, however, made for the sus- 
tenance of mendiers of the priesthood in cases of sickness or 
when in much want (p, 223), 

Though the laws wi-re strict, they were mercifully and e(|uit- 
ablv administered, which gave much greater .stability to the 
"■overnment and respect for the law than if they had been 
loosely adjudged, and with partiality towards classes or person . 
It has been wisely ob.served th.it it is not the severity of the 
law but the sureness of the punishment thiit deters the evil 
doer, and in this respect the Xephitct natiim had cause for 
thankfulness. .Ml men wei'e alike before the law: (here were 
no privilcL'cd classes as in I'.dUie. oi- in feudal Eumpe in later 
years. Mosiah says, ■'whosottver has comi:iitted iniipiity, him 
have I pnni,<hed a<-cording to the law which has been given to 
ii< by .mr fathers" i|i. 2.;oi. 

From the charL'e of King l!c'njaniiii In his S(Hi .Mu.-iah we 
learn that slavery was forbiililen (p. HJti. .Ml the iidialiitanis 
,,f the eoMtineiit being of the house of Israel, the.v eimld imt 
,Ji-ervetlii' law of .Miise< and enslave their bri'lhren. 

Murder, inbbery, tbi'ft. adultery and other sexuiil aluinjiiia- 
liiiii- were piMii>hei| by the law (p. Id 1 1, as also was lying (ir 
bearing false witness. 

M,,,-, .^tati'Sthat in King j'.e'.janiiirMlav > the f,i!>e < 'hrists, 

.•te.. weri- •'puiii>hed aecor'liiiL' to their erimo." i p. I.V.i); but 
we are not inforined if those c-riincs consisted in false persona- 
ticiii, etc.. err in luiiieiiliiig. aiding and abe ting treasnn and 
-bellion, as wa> almost uiiiver.sally the habit nftli(.M. wini 
frniii the gospel and sought tn otablisli I'alse relig- 




ions in its place. King Benjamin also states that he had not 
permitted thepieople to be confined in dungeons (p. ItU); but we 
are uncert-.tin whether to infer from this reiuark that the king 
intended his hearers to understand that he had not done this, 
as so many tyrants do, without cause aijd without trial, or that 
some other more effectual means had been found of punishing 
those tran.sgressors not deemed worthy of death. We incline 
to the former opinion. 

When the Nephite kingdom was first established the people 
were so few that they could not possibly sustain the e.^penses 
incidental to r03alty. Thus it became the rule for. the kings 
to sustain themselves. This imique, though most excellent 
custom continued as long as the monarchy lasted, even when 
the nation had grown rich and numerous. King Benjamin 
reminds his subjects that he had labored with his own hands 
that they might not be "laden with taxes" (p. 1()4). Of Mosiah, 
his successor, it is written (p. 232) that ''he had not exacted 
riches" of the people and that "he had granted mito his peo- 
ple that they should be delivered from all manner of bondage." 

We must not forget that, in connection with the civil law, the 
law of the gospel was almost unceasinglj' proclaimed during the 
wdiole period of the monarchy. Various false Christs and false 
in-ophets had arisen at different times, but the power of the 
])riesthood had remained, ministering in holy things, rebuking 
iniquity and aiding in the siqipression of vice. The kings of 
the Nephites, as we before observed, were, as a rule, men of 
God, holding the priesthood, and were often prophets and 
seers as well as temporal rulers. To this happy circumstance 
we must attribute greatly the peace and good order that so 
generally prevailed, the respect for the law that was so w-ide- 
spread, the large amount of liberty accorded to the people and 
the few abuses they made of that freedom. To use the idea 
of the ijrojdiet Joseph Smith, for long years, they w-ere taught 
correct principdes, and the.y (to a great extent I governed them- 
.selves. 

In the course of the centuries, as the people increaseil and 
spread fiir and wide over the land, they ajijiear to have intro- 
duced local customs to suit their differing circumstances, or in 
some cases their whims and notions. Thus, until King Mosiah 
II. established uniformity liy law. nearly eveiy generation and 
each section of the cnunfry had its own moneys, weights, 
measures, etc., which were altered from time to tiiue according 
t(i the minds and circmnstances of the jieople (\i. 2('i.Vl. This 
custom naturally caused confusion, annoyance and distrust, 
and to obviate these, and possibly greater evils, .Mosiah consented 
to "newly arrange the affairs of this jieople'' (p. 229l; and, if 
we may so express it. to codify the law. This code became the 
iMinstitutiiin of the nation \inder the rule of the judges, which 
limited the powers of the ollieials and gnaranteeil the rights of 
the Jieople. This compilalidii was "acknowledgeil by the 
pcdple" I p. 23.3), whereupon the historian remarks, "therefore 
they weri' obliged tii abide liy the laws whi(di he had made" 
i p. 2.33,2.34). And from that time they beeaine supreme 
throngliout the nation. It is stated in aimtlier jilai e that this 
ehange was n.a Ic bv tin' directcommand dl' .IcIha ,ili. 



KkeI' imshing' 'tis wi.si'r than sitting aside. 
.\nd sighing and watching and waiting the tide: 
In life's earnest battle they nidy prevail. 
^\'hn dailv mareli nnward and ni'\ersay lid!. 



.\ rii^ileiited mind 1- a eniilliinal feast. 





S4: 



J"U"^E!ZSriILEl IIsTSTI^/TJOTOI?/. 




WHAT IS HOME WITHOUT THE CHILDRENP 

[Song and Chorus.) 

Music by John S. Lewis. 



Voice. 



Org-^n 

OR 
Pl.\NO. 



Words by Wm. Willes. 

-it 




What would be the joys of life If their sunshine did not gladden — Help us bear the ills and strife? 




5& 



3i 



a*i:=?; 



&=Jz 



^^IE^£E£ 



^^ 






:=i:^: 



-f^-f=- 



^h==*: 



m 



Bless our children, 

i^-/ J J- 



dar-ling children. 



How thev sweeten 



=t2=^ 



4= 



f=^: 



^ 



up our lives ! 



*«- 



^ 



E^^: 






Bless our children, 



^hil - ( 



-H 



darling chil - dren, 



^ 



S 



How thev sweeten 



up our lives ! 



^ 



^g=P= 



fe=f— ^ 



-^ 



Many sorrows they can lighten, 
Many griefs they can assuage; 

Many gloomy days can brighten — 
War with melancholy wage. 

Those who to these joys are strangers 
And a parent's loye ne'er feel, 

Bear alone all cares and dangers 
Which upon life's pathway steal. 



Round the sacred family gather 
Scenes of joy and pure delight; 

Fond affections sweetly hover. 
Ever fresh and warm and bright. 

Parents only know the secret. 

E'en the spring of earthly joys- 
Happiness and peace are perfect 
'Mongthe little girls and boys. 



PUZZLE. 



"When rattlnig thunders rend the sky, 
And vivid lightnings glare. 

Unbending in the storm I fly; 
Children, behold me there. 

Should you the field of battle scan. 

And all its terrors view, 
I'm in the centre of the van. 

And in the victory, too. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

I ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



OEORGE Q,. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 




TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Single Copy, per Annum, - - - $2.00. 
On Copies Sent bv Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^SB~Office, South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocks West 
of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




