
VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY ], 1875 



NO. 9. 



THE OOBI^^JL IDX Oj^I=»EIL.LO ^ISTID lOHUbTEXJ^VEOnST. 




THE antipathy that exists between the Ichneumon and the 
Cobra dl Capello is, like that between cnny other animals, 
fi well-ascertained fact in natural history. If the Ichneumon, 
whether in wood or field, meet the hated and dangerous reptile, 
they neither of them retire, but the serpent raises itself upon 
its tail in oraer to obserre its enemy. Its eyes, gleaming like 
two rubies, appear as if starting from its head. The Ichneumon, 
which in India attains the size of a squirrel, alarmed by this 
menacing attitude, runs several times around its adversary, 
but at the distance of two or three paces off. Meanwhile the 
serpent, continuing to keep his eyes fixed upon it, turas itself 
round and round upon its tail, as ujion a pivot, hisses and 
stretches its sharply-pointed tongue out from its foaming mouth. 
At length, weary with 
their combat, the anta- 
gonists pause to rest. 
They then spring upon 
one another again, and 
re-commence battle with 
renewed violence. The 
Ichneumon receives a 
bite, and from that mo- 
ment seems no longer to 
think of h' > enemy, ti'ho 
lies coiled iround him, 
but with a slight hold. 
He runs off, and carries 
the entangled snake 
with him, but presently 
makes a halt, and eats 
certain herbs which are 

well known to him, and which aet a* antidotes against the 
poison of the Cobra. He then begin ; the fight anew, throws 
himself on the cround, tires out the lerpont, who at length 
lets him go, and he then bites off the reptile's head. 

There is something very singular in the attitude of this 
serpent, when we consider that it is without limbs, for it 
stands erect and ready to strike at its foe as securely and 
certainly as if possessed of feet and arni'^. This is one of the 
peculiarities of the true serpent, which, although it may 
appear to be very imperfectly formed, by comparison with 
other animals, is as perfect in its parts and as well adapted to 
its habits and sphere as the highest order ol' animals. Natu- 
ralists have delighted in narrating its capabilities, which are 
worthy of note by all: a creature without limbs to be able to 




climb, swim, leap, strike; without hands or talons to out- 
wrestle the most powerful, and crush the tiger in its folds; to 
be able to lift up its prey by its folds to its gaping mouth, 
and all these operations performed by the movemets of the 
spinal column alone, aided by it,-, movable ribs, is indeed 
wonderful. 

Much could lo said (liat would bo exceedingly entertaining 
and instructive about the structure of the serpent in its head 
and different parts of the hody, that would show that, low as 
this animal is in the scale of creation, it has been cared for 
and is specially adapted to it prone position, which is alluded 
to in (lie words, "Uiion tliy belly thou shaltgo;" but lack of 
space precludes our going thus into details at the present 

time; so our readers will 
have to be satisfied 
with examining the pic- 
ture and noting the 
looded head, forked 
mgue and dangerous 
ppearanee of the \en- 
omous reptile; and at the 
=ame time they may 
congratulate themselves 
on being so far removed 
jiom the deadly haunts 
of the Cobra. 

l\lr. Ichneumon has 
g uned the victory, and 
has given us evidence 
that even among the 
ower animals "know- 
is power. All that we may regret is that we know 
so little about the use of herbs that are a specific remedy 
against tho serpent of our country — the rattle-snake. No 



oubt wo h 



emedles among the herbs, which may yet 



be di-:covered; there if 
antidote." 



old adage: "every banc has its 



Take hjed how you di.sguise your natural character, and 
imitate others. Adhere to nature, if you desire to plea.se, 
for whatever is fictitious and affected, is always insipid and 
disifu-tliii:. 



No .swoid cuts so fiercely as an evil tongue. 





98 



OTTJ^EJisriLE! i:n"sti?.tjgtoi?.. 




#ld$ 



m erica* 



BY G. M. O. 



( Continued. ) 



THE MEXICAN CALENDAR. 




THE abbe Don Lorenzo Hervas, having read the work of 
Clavigero, when in manuscript, made some curious and 
learned observations on the old Toltec calendar, and communi- 
cated them to the author of the Mexican history in a letter 
dated July 31, 1780. We will give a few extracts from the 
learned abbe's epistle: 

"The year and century have, from time immemorial, been 
regulated by the Mexicans with a degree of intelligence which 
does not at all correspond with their arts and .sciences. In 
them they were certainly extremely inferior to the Greeks or 
Romans; but the discernment which appears in their calendar 
equals that of the cultivated nations. Hence we ought to 
imagine that this calendar has not been the discovery of the 
Mexicans, but a communication from some more enlightened 
people; and as the last arc not to be found in America, we 
must seek for them elsewhere in Asia or in Egypt. The Mex- 
ican year began upon the twenty-sixth of February, a day 
celebrated in the era of Nabonassar, which was fixed by the 
Egyptians 747 years before the Christian era; for the beginning 
of their month — 'Toth' corresponded with the meridian of 
the same day. If those priests fixed also upon this day as an 
epoch, because it was celebrated in Egypt, we have there the 
Mexican calendar agreeing with the Egyptian. But independ- 
ent of this, it is certain that the Mexican calendar conformed 

greatly with the Egyptian Boturini determines 

by the Mexican paintings the year of the confusion of tongues, 
and the years of the creation of the world, which determina- 
tion appears not to be difficult. As the eclipses are noted in 
the Mexican paintings, there is not a doubt but the true epoch 
of chronology may be obtained from them. Respecting the 
symbols of the ^Mexican months and year, they discover ideas 
entirely conformable with those of the ancient Egyptians. 
The latter distinguished, as appears from their monuments, 
each month or jKirt of the zodiac, where the .sun stood, with 
characteristical figures of that which happened in every season 
of the year. Therefore, we see the signs of Aries, Taurus, 
and the two young goats (which now are Gemini), used to 
mark the months of the birth of those animals; the signs of 
Cancer, Leo, and Vii-go, with the ear of corn, for those months 
in which the sun goes backward like a crab, in which there is 
greater heat, and in which the harvests are reaped. The sign 
of the scorpion (which in the Egyptian sphere occupies the 
space which at present is occupied by the sign Libra), and 
that of Sagitarius, in the months of virulent, contagious 
distempers, and the chase; and lastly, the signs of Capricorn, 
Aquarius and Pisces, in those months in which the sun begins 
to a.scend — in which it rains much and in which there is abun- 
dant fishing. These ideas at least are similar to those which 
the Mexicans associated with their clime. They called their 
first month 'Aeahuaico,' that is the cessasion of the waters, 
which began on the twenty-sixth of February, and they sym- 
bolized this month by a house, with the figure of water above 
it; they~gave also to the same month the name 'Quahuitle- 
hua,' that is the moving or budding of trees. The Mexicans 



afterwards distinguished their first month by two names, of 
which the first, "Aeahuaico," or the cessasion of the waters, 
did not correspond with their climate, where the rains came in 
October; but it agrees with northern climes of America, from 
whence their ancestors (Toltecs) came; and from that the origin 
of this name appears evidently very ancient. The second 
name, that is "Quahuitlehua," or the budding of the trees, 
agrees much with the word "Kimath," used by Job to signify 
the pleiades (chap, ix verse 9) which in his time announced 
the spring, when the trees begin to move. The symbol of the 
second Mexican month was a pavilion, which indicated the 
great heat prevalent in Mexico in April, before the rains of 
May came on. The symbol of the third month was a bird 
which appeared at that time. The twelfth and thirteenth 
months had for their symbol the plant 'pactli,' which springs 
up and matures in these months. The fourteenth month 
was expressed by a cord and a hand which pulled it, 
expressive of the binding power of the cold in that month, 
which is January, and to this same circumstance the name 
'Tititl,' which they gave it alludes. The constellation 'Kesil,' 
of which Job speaks to signify winter, signifies in the Arabic 
root (which is Kesal) to be cold and asleep, and in the text of 
Job it is read, 'Couldst thou break the cords or ties of Kesil?' 
The symbol for the Mexican century convinces me that it is 
the same which the ancient Egyptians and Chaldeans had. 
In the Mexican symbol we see the sun as it were eclipsed by 
the moon, and surrounded with a serpent which makes four 
twists, and embraces the four periods of thirteen years. This 
very idea of the .serpent with the .'=un has, from time immemo- 
rial, in the Tvorld, signified the periodical or annual course of 
the sun. The Egyptians more particularly agree with the 
^lexicans; for to symbolize the sun they employed a circle with 
one or two serpents, but still more the ancient Persians, among 
whom their 'Mitras' was symbolized by a sun and a serpent. 
There is no doubt that the symbol of the serpent is a thing 
totally arbitrary to signify the sun, with which it has no phys- 
ical relation; wherefore then, I ask, have so many nations 
dispersed over the globe, and of which some have had no 
reciprocal intercourse, unless in the first ages after the deluge 
agreed in using one same .symbol, and chose to express by it 
the same object. When we find the word 'sacco' in the 
Hebrew, Greek, Teutonic, Latin languages, etc., it obliges us 
to believe that it belongs to the primitive language ol man 
after the deluge, and when we see one same arbitraiy symbol, 
signifying the sun and his cour.se, used by the Mexicans, the 
Chinese, the ancient Egyptians and Persians, does it not 
prompt us to believe the real origin of it was in the time of 
Noah, or the first "men after the deluge? This fair conclusion 
is strongly confirmed by the Chiapanese calendar (which is 
totally Mexican), in which the Chiapanese, according to De la 
Vega, bishop of Chiapa, in his preface to his synodal consti- 
tutions, put forth the first symbol or name of the first year of 
the century, as 'Votan,' nephew of him who built a wall up to 
heaven, and gave to men the languages which they now speak. ' ' 
Humboldt has devoted several pages of his "Researches in 
America" in describing the similarity which exists between 
the Chinese, Japanese, Calmueks, Moguls, and other Tartar 
nations, also the Egyptians, Babylonians, Persians, Phoeni- 
cians, Greeks, Romans, Hebrews, and ancient Celtic nations 
of Europe with the Mexicans in their representations of 
astrology, astronomy, and divisions of time. For his interest- 
ing and minute description of the Aztec calendar stone the 
reader is referred to the edition of his Researches Vol. I, 
translated by Williams. 





J'TJ'VEZsriLE in^STI^TJOTOI?/. 




In the centre of the stone is sculptured the god "Tonatiuh," 
(the sun) openins his mouth. This yawning mouth is like the 
image "Kala," or Time, a divinity of Hindustan. Its mean- 
ing denotss that Tonatiuh, or time, devours the world, days, 
months, years, as fast as they come. The same figure or 
image, under the name "Moloch," was used by the Phoeni- 
cians. Humboldt says the Mexicans have evidently followed 
the Persians in the division of time, judging from the figures 
carved on the calendar stone. The Persians flourished fifteen 
hundred years before Christ. 

( To be Continued ) 



^ t -*.^».. II j ^ 



AA/"Oi?.i-.iD-3^v^j^iciiNra-, 



BY BETH. 




HOW worlds are made, has been a subject of speculation 
from a very early period; the various cosmogonies are the 
hypotheses by which men have sought to satisfy curiosity 
which has been common to perhaps all of our race. In recent 
times men have had recourse to methods entirely difl''erent to 
those formerly pursued. They have sought information from 
the earth itself, by examining its rocks, to see how they were 
made, the order in which they were brought into existence, 
and the kind of beings that lived upon the earth when the 
various rocks were formed. In their investigations a large 
number of facts have been brought to light that have shown 
the condition of the earth, in its atmosphere, in the amount 
of light shining upon the earth, and the kind of life existing 
at different periods in the earth's historj'. 

The great advantage of making inquiry of the earth itself 
as to the way in which it was made is that the answers given 
will be truthful, if correctly interpreted. Besides this, every 
fresh fact brought to light will confirm and elucidate other 
facts discovered. It is true there may appear to be contradic- 
tions at times, but they will bo esplainsd away as fresh facts 
present themselves. 

Only quite recently it has been found that rocks are being 
made precisely of the same kind as those that have been 
looked upon as the very first rocks that were formed, or sup- 
posed to have been formed-rocks, which for convenience in 
referring to them, were called "Primary;" and, because no 
trace of organic structure, such as fo.ssils, were found in them, 
were called "Azoic," a word which simply means "without 
life." To discover that rocks are being formed by the agency 
of microscopic plants and animals; that are filling up the 
existing seas with silicious or flinty, cretaceous or chalky or 
lime-like, and clayey sediments, sudi as may have formed the 
entire crust of the earth, is calculated to throw much light 
upon the history of the earth and the process of world-making. 

It appears that at this very time, in the Polar regions, 
immense beds ot silicious rocks are being formed by the agency 
of minute life, rooks that resemble the earliest geological 
strata. Then, in warmer regions rocks are being formed by 
the subsidence of calcareous matter, by which a chalk or lime- 
stone s';ratification is being made. At very great depths in 
the ocean this kind of formation does not appear possible, as 
by some unknown process, probably by the lime matter being 
redis.solved in the water, only clay containing iron, oxide 
remains, which would form a rock in every respect like the 
red clay formation of the earth's crust. 

By these great discoveries .some geologists are rather discon- 
certed, because thev do not agree with existing theories, and 



make the earth's history go back into a more remote period 
than was suppose,!. Some who are predisposed to question 
the divine origm of the earth are even more disposed to doubt. 
The truth is, the discovery of these new facts is rather in favor 
of the Mosaic account, in which vast epochs and re.5ults are 
spoken of, rather than the time that elapsed and a detailed 
account of the order of creation given. 

It is no new discovery that chalk is of organic origin, and 
the same has been suspected in relation to the entire mass of 
the limestone rocks. Marble is only lime rock changed by 
heat. The quartzite are sand-rocks of silicious origin, changed 
in a similar manner. Even granites and similar rocks have 
been thought to be metamorphic, a grand word which means 
"chanL'ed in shape" or condition, which has generally been 
done by heat. 

How maeh do these discoverle-? by sujh accurate observers 
as we have in these days, simplifv the operations by which 
worlds are formed! This does not explain all the causes that 
have been operating to make this beautiful world in which we 
live. There are changes by the action of fire as well as water; 
volcanic and eruptive operations by reason of internal heat, 
and the influence of the atmosphere as affected by the heat of 
the sun's rays, have also to be taken into account; also the 
effects produced by high mountain ranges and climatic influ- 
ences. 

Of this we may rest assured: the process of world-making 
will not be learned without reading nature's own record, which 
is wri ten in the rooks; to understand the ancient characters 
there written we may notice the records being made to-day. 
This is what is being done by Professor Thompson and other 
scientists; and, if it does make old mother earth a few centu- 
ries older, nev3r mind, it gives ui more inisght into the meth- 
ods of world-making. 

( To he Continued.) 



A Venerable Tree Toad.— At Lexington, Ky., a short 
tlm3 ago, a remarkable discovery of a living frog in the heart 
of a large tree was made. A section of a sycamore tree, four 
feet in diam3ter ani three feet wide, intended for a butcher's 
block, was cut in two equal sections with a cross-cut saw, thus 
making two blocks of the same size. In the centre of the tree 
an irregular fissure was discovered which measured six inches 
in length ani three-eighths of an inch in width, and extended 
into each blook. O.ie of the blocks was placed upon its end, 
the newly cut surface being uppermost. One of the workmen, 
happening to look into the narrow crack, noticed the green 
and slimy surface ol what he suppo.sed was a snake. Having 
procured a small stick, he thrust it into the orifice, when a 
green frog jumped out, and fell, apparently lifeless, upon the 
surface of the block. In a few moments it commenced to 
breathe. The pulsations of the blood could be plainly seen 
on the under surface of the throat, and it soon revived. It 
was placed in a glass jar, half filled with water, when it imme- 
diately climbed up the slippery surface and stuck to the side of 
the glass, where it could be plainly observed. Its back was 
dark green, and the under i)art of the body was of a pale blue, 
like the colorless appearance of vegetables which have grown 
in a dark cellar. It was about three inches in length, and was 
evidently a tree frog (rana In/la). At latest reports it was still 
alive and made the nights melodious with its singing. 



To accuse another who is not present to answer for himself 
is mean, .sneaking, cowardly, and base. 





lOO 



j"XJ"\rE:^irjE: xiststt^ti ctgiei. 




i^xjssx^^isr bx?.zstxjE!s. 



rPilE sources o 
L are the inti 



f the vast majority ot the bristles ot commerce 
terminable forests of ii )rtheni lla^sii. Here 
for thou.sands of miles in extent, the Ian 1 is cohere 1 with wiod 
— pine — Drees, larches, oaks, beeches, rowans, and other 
cone, mast, acorn, and berrybearinc; trees, the fruits of which 
form a delicious diet for swine, which in a sort of halfwi.d state, 
and more or less under the surveillance of swineherds, swarm 
in prodigious numbers. It need not be supposed that all 
these swarms surrender their bristles to the bristlc-mirchant. 
The pigs under culture for the bristle-crop are mostly a privi- 
leged race that pasture near the great tallow-factories in Rufsia, 
where the animals reared too far fro-Ji tli3 habitations of 
men to be consumed for human food, are boilc 1 down for 
the sake of their fu^. Th3 swine are fo 1 on the refuse of the 
tallow-houses at certain season ■, ami become in prime condi- 
tion after a few luonth/ feeJin^i. The bri:.tb harvett is 
reaped, or rather is uprooted, in thi summer, by a proce s 
which reminds on 3 of the quill-plucking' of the Lincolnshire 
geese, but which it is really not :.o cru-jl as it appears at firtt 
view. When the animali arj wjil fattened after months of 
ualimited foastinij-, and their bristles are in the finest ordc-, 
they have to compensate their hosts for their entertainment. 
They are then driven in multitude.? into a kind of kraal, or 
fenced enclosure, where they are crowded as thickly toiietliei- 
a.i they can stand, and perh.ips rather more so. Here, by 
dint of kicking, stiiving, stiuggling, and scrambling together, 
they are sure to get considerably heated, in which feverish 
condition they are seizsd by the pluckers, who have then but 
little difficulty in pulbng up thi bristles by the roots. This is 
no sooner accomplished than the i)iggy is allowed to regain his 
liberty, and scampers off again in his pasture. The spectacle 
is not a very delightful one,' as may be Imagined, nor is the 
extemporaneous concert improvised on the occasion very 
agreeable to the ear. That the bristle-harvest is really reaped 
in this way any one may satisfy himself by inspecting a con- 
signment of undressed bristles before they luive p.issed through 
any cleansing or purifying proee.ss. He will see that the stiff 
hairs have been forcibly dragged up by the roots, and he will 
see further, in the case of Siberian bristles, that together with 
the roots of the stiff hair there has been torn away no incon- 
siderable portion of the softer wool which by a kin 1 of pro- 
vision of nature un larlies the bristle j jf thjs.'vere n i.-th. 



■^.*— -^C^- - -*»5w- 



i^E!]vni^:Ric.^BX-,:E 'eso^vx^ie. 




A London paper has the following: a ship some time as o 
arrived at Biistol, after a successful Pacific whaling 
voyage. The shi|) was the Wesl toinj, commanded by (IJaptain 
Parker, who met with a most perilous adventure during his 
cruise, and which came very ne.ir costing him bis lifb. 

It scemes that Cai)t. Pai-ker w.is out from his ship, with a 
boat's crew chasing a whale, and, having fastened his harpoons 
to the creature, it dived, as usual, an 1 the line, coiled in the 
bows of the boat, began to round out, with lightning speed, 
as the monster sunk to the bottom of the ocean. At this 
critical juncture Captain Parker went to the forward part of 
the boat to be sure that there was no ''twist" in the rope to 
prevent its "working clear. " The line was running out with 
such raoidity as to cause smoke to arise from the woodwork of 
the boat, and the captain threw water, as is the custom, upon 
the spot. By some unlucky lurch of the boat he was canted 



from his position, and he naturally threw up his left hand to 
prevent him.self from falling, but in doing so, he unfortunately 
placed it so that the rope coiled about liis wrist, and he was 
overboard and out of sight in an instant. 

He was perfectly con.scious while he was ru.'-hing down, head 
foremost, and with an incredible swiftne.ss, and it appeared to 
him that his arm would be torn from its socket, so great was 
the resistance of the water. During these awful moments he 
was well aware of liis perilous situation, and that his only 
chance for life was to cut the line. But how could he do this? 
He could not move his right arm from his side to which it was 
so clo.?e'y pressed by the force of the element through which 
he was being drawn. The pressure on his brain grew more and 
more terrible, and a roaming as of thunder sounded in his earr. 
He opened liis eyes for a single instant, and it .seemed as though 
a stream of fire was passing before them. And now came th;,t 
inevitable activity of the brain which charactcrixes all such 
perilous situations, where one'.s whole life seems to pass in 
review in an instant of time! But the captain was. a very 
practical man, cool and courageous always, an.l consequent'y 
still self-posse.sted, 

IIj began to struggle with all his muscular power to reach 
the knife which he wore in his belt. He felt that ha was 
growing weaker every instant, and it was now or never wi.h 
him, though we should say, parenthetically, that what takfs 
so long to describe occurred in time that was reckoned by 
seconds rather than minutes. Oh, if he could but command 
his right hand for one stroke upon that fatal line! Now his 
heart began to fail him. He did not absolute'y despair, but 
his brain reeled, his nerves seemed to relax their tension, 
light and darkness appeared to alternate before his eye-balls, 
and his head felt as though compressed in an iron vice. Were 
these his last moments? He thought in spite of tho agonizing 
pain he endured he would make one more brave effort. 

The line providentially slackened for a second; he reached 
his knife, and as quick as thou^iht it.elf, as the rope became 
tight again, the keen edge of the blade was upon it, and by a 
desperate effort of his arm it became seve:ed. He was freed, 
and then commenaed his upward passage, caused by the 
natural buoyancy of the human body. After this he only 
remembered a feeling of suffocation, a gurgling spasm, and all 
was over, until he awoke to an agonizing pain of reviving con- 
sciousnes.s, in the arm ■ of his boat's crew. Tru'y one of the 



TI^IE EYE OE .^HNT EJ^GLE. 



THE eyes of all birds have a pcculiarilj' of stiuctuie, whiih 
enables them to see near and di.~tant objects equally well, 
and this wonderful jicwcr is canied to the greatest perfection 
in the biid of prey. AVhen we recollect that an eagle wi.l 
ascend mo.e than a niile in pei-pendicular bight, and from that 
enormous elevation will perceive its uu.'uspecting pre3', and 
pounce upon it with unerring certainty; and when we see the 
same bird scrutinizing with almost microscopic nicety an olject 
close at hand, we .>:hall at once perceive that he po;sesscs a 
power of accomodating his .sight to distance in a manner to 
which our eye is unfitted, and of which it is totally incapable. 
If we take a printed page, we shall find that there is some 
particular distance, probably ten inches, at wliich we can read 
the words and see each letter with perfect distinctness; but if 
we move tie page to a distance of forty inches, or bring it 
within a distance of five inches, we shall find it impossible t 





TTJ^EHSTIXjE IIsrSTi^UGTOE. 



lOl 



read it at all. A scientific man would, therefore, call ten 
inches the focus or focal distance of our eyes. We cannot 
alter this focus except by the aid of spectacles. But an eagle 
has the power of alterinir the focus of his ej-e just as ho 
pleases; he has only to look at an object at the distance of two 
feet or two miles in order to fee it with perfect distinctness. 
Of cour.se the eagle knows nothing of the wonderful contrivance 
which God has .supplied for his accomodation; ho employs it 
instinctively, and because he cannot help it. The ball of his 
eye is surrounded by fifteen little plates, called sclerotic bones; 
they form a complete ring, and their edge."! slightly overlap 
each other. When he looks at a distant oljcct, this little 
circle of bones expands, and the ball of the eye, being relieved 
from the pressure becomes flatter; and when he looks at a very 
near object, the little bones press together, and the ball of the 
eye is thus .squeezed into a rounder or more convex form. 
The effect is very familiar to everybody; a person with veiy 
round eyes is near-sighted, and only sees clearly an object that 
is c'o>e to him; and a per.son with flat eyes, as in old age, can 
see nothing clearly except at a distance; the eagle, by the mere 
will, can make his eyes rour.d or flat, and .see with equal clear- 
nj^s at anv distan.e. 



J^ IsTOBXjE ^wx:h'^2. 



DriUNn the revolution in Polaml which followed the revo- 
lution of Thaddeus Kosciusko, many of the truest and 
best of the sons of that ill-fated country were forced to flee 
for their lives, forsaking home and friends. Of those who 
had been most eager for the liberty of Poland, and most 
Ijitter in the enmity against llussia and Prussia was Michael 
Sob'eiki, whose ance-tir had been king a hundred and fifty 
years before. 

Sobieski had three sons in the patriot rank, and father and 
sons had been of those who had persisted in what the Russians 
had been pleased to term rebellion, and a price had bjcn set 
upon thei- heads. 

The Archduke Con.stantine was eager to apprehend Jlichael 
Sobieski, and learning that the wife of the Polish hero wa at 
home in Cracow, he wait d upon her. 

"Madam," lie said, speaking politely, for the lady was 
beautiful and queenly. ''I think you know where your husband 
and sons are hiding?" 

"I know, sir." 

"If you will tell me where your husband is, your sons shall 
be pardoned." •• 

"And I shall be safe?" 

"Yes, madam, I .swear it. Tell me wdiere your husband is 
concealed, and both you and your sons shall be safe and 
unharmed." 

"Then, tir," answered the noble woman, rising with dignity 
sublime, and laying her hand ui)on her bo.som, 'he lies con- 
ceabd here — in the heart of his wife — and you will have to tear 
th's heart out to finl h.m." 

Tyrant as t e was, the Archduke admired the answer, and 
the spirit which had inspired it, and deeming the will of such 
a woman worth securing, ho forthwith published a full paraon 
of the father and the sons. 




In all evils which admit a rcmedr, iiiiiiafienfe should be 
avoided, because it w.tstes that time ami attention in com- 
plainti which, if properly ajiplied, would remove the cause. 



j^ SFir)ER.'S Bi?.ir)(3-:E. 




A WRITER in Hnirth ami Home says: "One chilly day I was 
left alone, and after I was tired of reading Robinson 
Ciu«oe, I c-iught a spider and brought him into the house 
to play with. Funny kind of playmate, wasn't it? Well, I 
took a wash-basin and fastened up a stick in it like a liberty 
pole or a vessel's mast, and then poured in water enough to 
turn the mast into at island for my spider, whom I named 
Crusoe an 1 jiut on the mast. As so. n as he was fail ly cast 
away he anxiously commenced running around to find the 
I'oad to the mainland. He'd scamper down the mast to the 
water, stick out a foot, get it wet, shake it, run around the 
stick, and try the other side, and then I'un ba^k up to the top 
again. Pretty soon it became a serious matter with Mr. 
llobinson; and he sat down to think it over. As in a moment 
he acted as if he wanted tc shout for a boat, and was afraid he 
•\v;is going to be hungry, I put a litsle molasses on a stick. A 
fly came, but Crusoe wasn't hungry for flies ju.st then. He 
was home-sick for his web in tie corner of the wood-shed. 
He went slowly down the pole to the water and touched it all 
around, shaking his feet like pussy when .she wets her stockings 
in the grass, and .suddenly a thought appeared to strike him. 
Up ho wont like a rocket to the top, and commenced playing 
circus. lie held one foot in the air, then another, and turned 
around two or three times. He got excited and nearly stood 
on his head before I found out what he knew, and that was 
this, that the draft air made by the fire would carry a line 
ashore on which he could escape from his desert island. He 
pushed out a web that went floating in the air until in caught 
on the table. Then he hauled on the rope until it was tight, 
struck it sever.al times to see if it was strong enough to hold 
him, and walked ashore. I thought he lad eairned his;liberty, 
so I put him back in his wood-shed again. 



FOR J.ITTLE LEARNERS. 



ox THE IIISTOnY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSOX IX 



Q.- 

A. 
Q- 

A. 
Q. 

A. 
^■ 

A. 

Q- 

A.- 
A. 

Q- 

A.- 

Q- 

A.- 

Q.- 

A." 

Q- 

A.- 

Q- 

A.- 
Q.- 
A.- 



-While he was praj'ing was the room dark? 

—Yes, at first, but it soon got as light as day. 

— Wliat happ'ned then'' 

—The angel came and stood b3' his bed side. 

—What kind of clothes did tlie angol have on? 

—A white robo. 

-Could Joseph Smith see any part of the angel's body' 

—Yes, his feet, hands, head and neck. 

- How did he feel when such a stranger came into his room? 

-He was afraid at first. 

-What did the angel saj- that made Jijseph feel better? 

-He said "I am a messenger sont from God." 

-What was he sont to Joseph Smith for? 

-To tell him his |irayer was heard and his sins pardoned. 

-Vrhat else did the angel say? 

-He said that God had chosen him to do a great work. 

-What else' 

-That his name should bespoken about for good and evil. 

-Where? 

-.\mong all the nations of the earth. 

-Did the angel say anything about the fulness of the Gospel? 

-Yes, he said it would soon be revealed and preached in power, 

-Did he tell hini anything about the Indians^ 

-Yes, and who their fathers were. 



As charity covers so modesty prevents a multitude of sins, 





lOS 



j"TJ^sii^riXjE] I usr S T I?/ TJ O T O I?/* 




^M^ M^tvtnWti Mntiinui&i{. 



GEORGE Q. CANWON, 




. . TT^TTmi 






SATUKDAY, 


MAY 1, 


1875. 





E3IDITOI?.ZJ^ILi THZOTJO-SITS. 

HAJjL we say that children arc habitually 
tempted to tell lies by the way they are 
governed? Such a statement may seem a 
hard one, yet, in many instances, it is too 
true. The discipline of children is fre- 
quently of such a cha.acter that it amounts 
to a premium on lying. Many parents 
who hate falsehood, and who are pained 
and .shocked by their children telling them 
untruths, are themselves the chief causes of 
the evil they deplore. 

In common with the race to which they 
belong, children dread pain and seek to avoid 
it. Many parents and teachers, knowing how 
rl'ul a dread this is. appeal to it to hold chil- 
in check. They threaten the children with the 
f they do sucli and such things. This is im- 
ed upon the minds of the little ones witli such 
distinctness that they cannot forget it, and what is the result? 
If by accident or forgetfulncss^a child thus trained is guilty of 
an act likely to call forth condemnation or punishment, its 
instinct prompts it to avoid the threatened pain by resorting to 
evasion and falsehood. The threats of punishment which it 
has so often received are an inducement to conceal the truth. 
The temptation in the case of a child who is of a conscientious 
nature, is often a severe one; it struggles to resist it; but the 
dread of the anger of the parent or the teacher, which it 
knows it is sure to meet, as well as the degrading punishment 
it will receive, prevails. The child lies and efcapes. It did 
not wish to lie; but it did not wish to be scolded and flogged. 
The unwise parent or teacher, by his threats, made it to the 
c'lild's interest to lie. And is the child the only one to blame 
in such a case? The appeal to the rod is an appeal to brute 
force. Other influences are abandoned. The child cannot 
resist the strength of the parent or the teacher. It cannot 
fight and escape by a battle. "When matters get that far the 
child knows its fate. Bemg the weaker, the whipping is 
inevitable. But it may escape by strategy. Strategy, under 
such circumstances, is the natural resort of the weak. It 
meets brutality by deception. If the lies be cunningly framed 
and well told, the child escapes. When it gets into another 
Scrape, it resorts again to falsehood. It taxes its brain to frame 
plausible lies, the result is, that with such training, children, 
in many instances, are turned out most accomplished liars. 
Practice enables them to frame ingenious lies, to stick to them 
and to look persons to whom they tell them in the face with, 
out blanching. And yet parents sorrow over the dreadfu 
habit of lying into which their children have fallen, and won, 
der from whom they can have inherited such a tendency 
Tliey do not think that the very means which they adopt to 
prevent their children from becoming liars, is the chief cause 
of their being such. 

Corporarpunishment should seldom be resorted to. It is 
a powerful'incentive to falsehood. Abandon it, and appeal to 
higher motives, and increased truthfulness of character among 



children will be manifest. Appeal to children's honor, let them 
know that their word is to be trusted and self-respect is 
deve!oi)ed, and it will be found that children wifl rarely stoop 
to deception. Let a child underst^ind that the readiest way to 
reach aparent'shear+and confidence is to tellthe truth, nomattor 
how great the wrong may be which it has committed, and the 
temptation to concealment by falsehood will be wonderfully 
lessened. The fear of lo,sing the favor of a parent or of a 
person whom they love and respect has a powerful effect upon 
the nature of many children. They dislike to forfeit their 
esteem. To maintain their good opinion they will sometimes 
conceal their words or actions, and not give a truthful account 
of them. Such children need watching. Pains .should be 
taken to strengthen their moral courage, to show them that 
perfect truthfulness is the only true foundation upon which 
genuine respect and love can be based. When they once learn 
this, the temptation to conceal, evade or deceive, is overcome. 
The lack of moral courage is one of the greate.st faults among 
men. A close observer of mankind cannot but be surprised 
at the rareness of tliis quality. Physical courage is much 
more general. Even the Latter-day Saints, who of all people 
in the world have been conspicuous for their moral courage, do 
not po.s.sess this desirable quality to the extent that they ought. 
This, we imagine, is largely due to our training and education. 
This quality should be cultivated in our children; and to do 
this properly we must avoid the errors into which our fiithers 
liall by inheritance. One of the highest evidences of the 
possession of moral courage is perfect truthfulness — a ■willing- 
ness to endure all the consequences of a certain course, whether 
that cour.se be confined to words or to deeds. A man pos.sessed 
of true moral courage never shrinks from the full expression 
of his views, or a manly or outspoken defence of his actions. 
He must be prompted in speaking and acting by conscientious 
motives, and be equally conscientious in avowing and de- 
fending-his words and actions, subject aJways, of course, to 
the correction of those possessing greater wisdom and proper 
authority. 



More Excavations at Pompeii. — A correspondent, 
writing from Naples, April 2d, says: 

On last Friday there was an excavation in the presence of 
the Minister of the Royal Household, when a wonderful dis- 
covery was made. It was a kitchen that was disinterred, and 
on one of the foriidK — small square holes or fireplace, such as 
are in use in the present day, and are fed with charcoal— was 
found a copper vessel supported by a tripod. The vessel or 
saucepan was hermetically closed, and incrusted all over with 
lapculi, so that it required considerable force to open it. But 
how great was the surprise of those present to find that it was 
nearly full of water! The interior of the vessel presented no 
signs of oxidation, so that no one hesitated to taste the water, 
when it was found perfectly sweet and good. Pompeii, which 
has enriched us, after a lapse of nearly two thousand years, 
with jewels, and paintings and sculptured marbles, which has 
almost supplied our tables with bread and honey, eggs and figs 
and a variety of other luxuries, has now slaked our thirst for 
water, deposited so far back as the reign of Titus, and by one 
of the victims, perhaps, of the fires of Vesuvius. How 
curious are these revelations of the inner life of a people long 
since moldered into ashes ! 



Scandal is a bit of false money, and he who passes it is fre 
quently as bad as he who originally utters it. 





cr TJ ^;r E itT 1 1., E j:3srsTi?.TJOTOi^. 



103 




THE FII?.E3yEJ^3vr'S LITTLE 
IDOC3- "BOB". 




LITTLE Bob, whose likeness we present, is one of tlie best 
known dogs in London. His master is foreman ot a fire 
company, and Bob goes with his master when ever there is a 
fire. He is so gentle and every body loves him. He is not 
snappy and snarly, but attends quietly to his own business, 
and lets other dogs alone. He is verj' intelligent, and seems to 
know quite as much as a man. He is always faithful, and 
whoever else is absent from a fire, Bob is not. Many years 
ago he took upon himself a certain duty, and a very important 
one it is too; and that duty he never neglects. He knows the 
bells of London, and what they mean when they ring. Bob 
has his place in the front of the engine while it remains in the 
engine-house. The bells may chime, they may ring one or 
many very furiously, they may open their brazen throats 
ever so loud, and clan^ away in concert all day lor.g; but Bob 
will sleep on his mat at the door of the engine-house undis- 
turbed. 

Bob knows the fire-alarm as well as his m-i,stor. At the 
first sound of the bell. Bob is up and wide awake, tearing 
around the engine-house as if he was mad, waking up every- 
body, anxious to impress everybody with the importance of 
the occasion, and in a great hurry to be ofl'. He keeps in 
advance of the engine to 
clear the track; he seems to 
know exactly where the fire 
is, and never makes a mis 
take in the direction in 
which he runs. He halts 
at the right place, and is 
ready to obey orders. 

At the fire Bob addres^os 
himself to the work in which 
he has been engaged many 
years. He has taken upon 
himself to ascertain wheth 
er in a burning building 
there are any little folks that can't get out. Many of the 
buildings in London are very high. Long ladders are brought 
and put upon the burning building, and fire-men run up 
amid smoke and flame to rescue any person who can't get out. 
Bob keeps his eye on the ladder. The moment it is placed on 
the building, up he rushes in advance of everybody else; no 
matter how black the smoke is n.ir how hot th^ flames are, 
he dashes through the window if it is open, and through the 
glass if it isn't, barking all the while at a furious rate, telling 
all in the building that help is at hand. No squirrel can run 
up a ladder quicker than Bob. If the doors are shut so that 
Bob can't get in, and the little children are fast asleep, and 
know nothing of their danger and can't hear the alarm, this 
sagacious little creature knows where the little folks are. He 
will take his stand at the door, and will bark and scratch and 
whine and cry till somebody comes to open the door and save 
the inmates. 

One day Bob went with his master to a fire. After search- 
ing the house all over, the firemen went down the ladder, but 
the dog was not to be seen. His master whistled for him, 
but he would not come. Bob came to the window after a 
while, gave a sharp bark, and ran back into the flames. The 
firemen said, "Bob is crazy; there is nobody in the house." 
But his master said: "Bob don't think so. There is somebody 

the house, and he knows it." So the brave fireman rushed 




up the ladder, because he knew Bob never deceived him, and 
was soon lost sight of The fire was hot and smoke thick. 
Bob heard his master coming, and kept on barking till his 
master reached him. Oh, how glad he was to see him! He 
yelped with delight. He seemed to say, "Open the door! Do 
open the door quick!" The door was burst open, and in the 
room was found a little girl crying with all her might, who, 
but for the fireman'.s dog, would have been burned to death. 
After a fire had been put out, Bob's master ordered ohe 
ladder to be taken down. The fire was confined to one build- 
ing. There was nothing to be done but to let the building 
fall. So the men were preparing to remove the ladder when 
Bob give a sharp bark, as if an idea had jrst struck him. He 
rushed up the ladder and disappeared among the flame.-.. He 
was gone but a minuf'e. He made his appearance at the 
window holding in his mouth a little cat whom he had rescued. 
Bob saw her when he was hunting after children. He no 
doubt told pussy that she must wait until the little boys and 
girls were rescued, and then he would come after her. It is 
quite certain that Bob forgot his promi.se; theoiderto remove 
the ladder reminded him of it. He scampered off with all 
his might to make amends for his neglect. A moment later, 
and pus.sy woidd have been burned to deatii. He actually 
exposed his own life to save that of a cat. He dropped her 
down in a safe iilaco, and came down the ladder himself with 

all the dignity ot one who 
has done a good deed. 
When the people saw Bob 
coming down the ladder, 
they all shouted, "Bravo, 
Bob! Well done, fine fel- 
low ! " ' 

Bob is a spirited fellow, 
and knows how to romp and 
have a good time as well 
as how to work. When he 
works he works, and when 
he plays he plays. He is 
not a dull, stupid fellow becau.se he is useful. He is very 
funny and entertaining, and the firemen have rousing good 
times with Bob when there is no work to be done. Bob will 
sit on his hind-legs and go through all the motions of working 
a fire-engine, putting up the ladder and uuttingout the flames. 
1 wonder how many little boys and girls that read this story 
are as ready to learn, are as obedient, as faithful, as unselfish 
and as useful as this fireman's little dog. He did not always 
know the way up a ladder; he was not always ready to rush into 
a burning building and rescue little children. We must do 
good to others if we would be loved, and be faithful if we 
would be trusted. 

Bob wears a silver collar on which are engraved these 'ines: 
Stop me not, 
But onward let me jog; 

For I am Bub, 
Tlie London fireman's dog. 




Ik every father remembered his own thoughts and inclina- 
tions when he was a boy, and every son remembered what he 
expected from his father, when he himself was in a state of 
dependency, this reflection alone would keep fathers from 
being rigid, and sons dissolute. 



Sorrow shows us truth as the night brings out stars. 





104r 



CrTJ^EX-TID_j'E! i:]^STI?.T7aTOI?/ 




SCOTTISH: TK.^IDITIOIsr- 



GRIZEL COCHRANE. 



( Concluded) 




rn lERE was in sueh lan^riuijre from a stripling something so 
J. surprising, that fhs maa'.ookeJ oa !Miss Cochrane fur an 
instant in .silent auJ unreigneJ amazement. ''If,'' said he, as 
soon as ho founi his tongue, ".you mean, my young master, to 
make yourself merry at my expense, you are welcome. I avn 
no sour cliurl to take Oucnoe at the idle words of a fooli.sh boy. 
But if," he said taking cue of his pistols from the holster, 
and turning its muzzle towards her, "you are mad enough to 
harbor one .-cricus thought of such a matter, I am ready for 
you. B ii, mothiuks, my lad, you seem at an age when robbing 
a garden or an oM woman's fruit-.stall would befit you better, 
if you must turn thief, than taking his majesty's mails from a 
stout man such as I am -upon his h-'gliway. Be thankful, 
however, that you have met with one who will not shed blood 
if he can help it, and sheer oJbel'ore you provoke me to fire." 

''Nay," said his young antagonist, "I am not fonder of blood- 
shed than you are, but if you will not be persuaded, what can 
I do'? For I have told yo-j. a truth — lliat mail I must and will 
Jtace. So now choose," she continued as she drew one of the 
small pistols from nnaor \r:: cloak., and d.'liberatcly cotking it, 
presented it in his faif^. 

''Nay, tlijn. you:- bli'ol lie on y 'Uv n~,i 1io.il" said the 
fellow, as he raised liis ban 1 :in 1 fi;-ed his p'sUil, v.'hieh, how- 
ever, only ilashed in the pan. Dashing the weapon to tlie 
ground, ho lost n'>t a niomrnt in pulling out the other, which 
ho also aimed at his assailant, and fired with the same result. 
In a transport of rage and disappointment, the man sprang 
from his horse, and made an :;ttempt to seize her; but, by an 
adroit use nf he.' -pnv '. he eluded his gra=p, and i)laced iier- 
self out of his reach. Meanwhile, his horse had moved for- 
ward some yard-', and to see and seize the advantage presented 
by this circumstance was one and the same to the heroic girl, 
who, darting toward it, caught the bridle, and having led her 
prize off about a hundred yards, stopped while she called to 
■the thunderstruck jjostman to remind him of her advice about 
the wood. She then ]nit both horses to their speed, and on 
turning to look at the man she had robbed, had the pleasure 
of perceiving that her inysterious thieat had taken cfTcct, and 
he was now puivuing his way back to Belford. 

Mis? Cochrane speedly entered the wood to which .-he had 
alluded, and tying the strange horse to a tree, out of all obser- 
vation from the road, proceeded to unfasten the straps of the 
mail. By mean ■; of a .sharp jien-knife, which set at defiance 
the a;>peiided locks, she was soon nii.s,tress of the contents, and 
with an eager hand broke open the government dispatches, 
which were unerringly pointed out to her by their address to 
the Council of Edinburgh, and their imposing weight and broad 
seals of office. Here she found not only the fatal warrant of 
her fr.lier's death, but also many other sentences inflicting dif- 
ferent degrees of punishment un various delinquents. These 
however, it may readily be supjiosed. she did not then stop to 
examine, she contented herself by tearing them into small frag- 
mmts, and placing them carefiil'y in lu-r bosom. 

The interpid girl now mounted her .-teed, and rodeofl leaving 
all the private papers where she h.id found them, imagining 
(what eventually proved the ca-e) that they would be discovered 
ere long, from the hints .-he had thrown out about the wood 



and thus reach their places of proper destination. She now 
made all haste to reach the cotta.se of her nurse, where having 
not only committed to the flames the fragmentsot the dreaded 
warrant, but also the other obnoxious papers, .he quickly re- 
sumed her female garments, and was again, after this manly 
and daring action, the simple and unassuming Miss Grizel 
Cochrane." Leaving the cloak and pistols behind her, to be 
concealed by the nurse, she again mounted her horse, and 
directed her flight toward Edinburgh, and, by avoiding as 
much as jjossible the high-road, and resting at sequestered cot^ 
tages, as she had done before, and that only twice for a couple 
of hours each time, she reached town early in the morning of 
the next day. 

It must now suffice to .say, that the time gained by the heroic 
act related above was productive of the end for which it was 
undertaken, and that Sir John Cochrane was pardoned, at the 
instigation of the king's favorite counselor, who interceded 
for him in consequence of receiving a bribe of five thousand 
pounds from the Ear! of Dund..nald. Of the feelings which 
on the occasion filled the heart of his courageous and devoted 
daughter, we cannot speak in adequate terms; and it is per- 
haps best, at any rate, to leave them to the imagination of 
the read 'r. T'le st'.;te of the times was not such for several 
ye u-s as to make it prudent that her adventure should be pub- 
licly known; but after the Revolution, when the country w .s 
at length relieved from persecution and danger, and every man 
was at liberty to speak of the trials he had undergone, and 
the expedients by v>'hich he had mastered the'ji, her heroism -was 
neitl er unknown nor unapproved. Miss Coclirane afterwards 
marriel Mr. Ker, of Morriston, in the county of Berwick; 
and there can be little doubt that she proved equally affection- 
ate and amiable as a wife, as she had already been dutiful and 
devoted as a daughter. — Chumlers' Miscellany. 



THE J^'^i.T OIF GOIlSriZsTG-- 



BY U. J. FILCE, K.\.VSVn,I.E. 



{Concluded ,] 



AFTER the polishing comes the stamping process, which of 
necessitv has to be done singly, or one only coined at a 
time, consequently a large number of strong, heavy and very 
large presses had t':> be u .-il, althoush a wonderful improve- 
ment has been made in them of late years. In my boyhood 
days the presses used were very high, large, dangerous and 
ugly, and created such a terrible noise that no person engaged 
in this department attempted to speak to his fellow workmen, 
but when communication was important it was understood by 
signs. The noi.se was occasioned by the swinging to and fro 
of heavy dampers or blocks of iron attached to the screw of 
the press, at the end of a long iron crank or arm, to prevent 
the screw from allowing the die to rise too high or fiill too low; 
otherwise it would crush the gold blank into a shapeless mass. 
So terribly dangerous were those presses that numbers of 
persons were instantly killed by the heavy "dampers" coming 
in contact with their heads. 

Now, pres.ses are used that are entirely noiseless, beautiful 
in appearance, and quicker in motion; and there is no danger 
whatever of the persons attending them being in the least 
degree subject to injury. The old-fashioned presses used to 
stamp the impression on the coin by means of a heavy blow; 
the improved plan is to put a rapid pressure on by means of a 
mechanical knuckle, thus avoiding all noise. 





CTTJ ATE 3^11.. E in^STZR^UCTOI?/. 



105 





When the coin is thus prepared, I think I may safely 
venture to assert that it is as pretty a sight as a person 
can well imasine, to see these handsome, shining gold coins 
thrown from the presses at the rate of one hundred and 
seventy per minute. 

They are now ready for the counting process, which is done 
by means of a rotary table with as many receptacles the size 
of the coin in as you wish pieces of coin counted; thus, if j'ou 
desire to have them wrapped in packets containing sixty pieces, 
you place in the machine a plate with sixty receptacles; if 3'ou 
wish one hundred counted, just change }'our plate for one 
containing one hundred receptacles; and, the plate being 
scraped on the upper surface as it revolves by a fixed knife or 
scraper, the receptacles are all fill>:d in one second of time, 
and at the end of one revolution a spring jerks the whole of 
the contents into a hopper, or box prepared for their reception. 
Under this hopper is a tube, down which the coin descends, 
and is, by its own revolution, rolled in a paper, and deposited, 
nicely wrapped up and accurately counted, ready to be weighed 
in bulk and sent back to the bank. 

It will perhaps be well to make a few remarks on the neces- 
sity for searching the pockets of the employes of a mint. 
Where so much wealth is entru.'-ted to their care, it is thought 
by some persons that it must of court-e be necessary to search 
them all before leaving, or at lea^t to con)pel them to exchange 
their clothing, to prevent them from taking any of the precious 
metal away with them. The piinciiile woiked upon is thi: : 
first, the emi)loyes are all gentlemen, and hold themselves 
above any petty larceny; secondly, should a person be dishon- 
e.stly actuated and wish to purloin a little gold, it would be an 
utter impossiliilitv to get away with it; and so great are the 
precautions taken to prevent dishonesty, that it would be folly 
in the extreme to attempt it. In the first place, the walls by 
which the building is .nnrounJed rre very high and thick, and 
guarded on both sides by soldiers and police. Again, tlie floor 
is constructed of stone and iron, so neatly jointed and fitted 
together that not one parti'le of gold can escape notice. 
There are also iron gratings to stand upon, to prevent the 
necessity of treacling upon the gold 'lust that is bound to fall 
around during the various processes. Furthermore, a great 
amount of means is annually expended in purchasing and 
keeping in repair a number of large weights and scales, many 
of which have beams that cost at least one thousand pounds, 
or five thousand dollars, eacli, being made so .sensitive and 
accurate that they will turn lively with one grain more than 
the balance. Can our readers understand how much, or rather 
how little one grain i.s? It is the four hundred and eighS 
ieth part of an ounce. Very little, indeed, for a pair of 
large scales to turn with! Now, the metal is all securely 
locked up at night, in rooms about twenty feet square inside, 
finite burglar proof, and unlocked again in the morning. A 
government officer, whose business it is to weigh out and boo'.; 
a specified quantity of gold, say ten thousand pounds, exactly 
to a grain, in its raw state, if he does not receive ten thousand 
pounds back again (for gejld does not waste any by working, 
neither in annealing nor melting) in the evening, he prevents 
anyone from leaving until he does get it; it cannot be lost, it is 
all in the place, and must be found. How much can have 
been stolen, and where is the necessity for searching the 
person or exchanging the clothes? As a general thing, how- 
ever, so much confidence is reposed in the employes, that 
frequently they have the weighing, the locking up and the 
unlocking to do themselves, and take as much pride and pre- 
caution about it as if it was their own metal. 



BII^,IDS 



(Continued,) 

THE Crane is found in various puts of the continent of 
Europe, migrating from place to place, and flying in great 
flocks at a great elevation in the air. 

They continue their asrial journeys for great distances, and 
seldom descend but for the purpose of feeding. 

The voice of the crane is loud, resonant and trumpet-like, 
and has a singular effect when heard fr m the great elevation 
at which the bird prefers to fly. 

The Crane is also foun 1 on this continent anil is met with in 
this Territory, [ts habit-! are like those of the European 
variety deseribod above. The SanJ-riill or Brown Crane, the 
Grus Catmdi nsi'.-i of natnnilists, has been seen here in imrainse 
flocks in the marshes of our lake<=, as also the great blue 
heron, which belongs to t!ie same ord'^r of wading birds, and 
is froquontlv ealloJ lln ''Wam crane.'' Ciipta'n Stansburv 




THE CU.VN-K. 

enumerates the hHron anion/ the binls (iiiser\'oJ by him around 
the various islaii Is of the (J.eat S.ilt Like in 1849, at which 
time that region was sw.iriniiig with pelican^, cormorants. 
herons, gulls and muny o'hjr kinds of water fowls. 

In the structure of the Crane we see Iww well it is adapted to 
the circumstances by which it is surrounded; it can seek for its 
food with facility in shallow water, and can move with great 
rapidity from place to place. In itsmodo of nest-building in 
this country it imitates the habitoF t!ie bird represented in the 
engraving: it .seeks for the tall brush on the highesi and most 
open ground, where it can .sec the approach of danger. But 
the Indian knows its liabit<, and watches for the opportu- 
nity to .seize the young bird-, whiih are often raised from the 
nest and used forfooii. 

( To lin L'nntinucil.) 



IIk who is asliim;! of the poor in the presence of the rich, 
and of the niikn ),vii in the prcseii •.■ of the famed, nuiy be a 
base enciiiv, Imt ir:;ver a faitlifnl frieml. 




106 




OTTJ^En^IIjE XlST&TT^TKOTOTt. 




intnlit^ufi 



a nil ^n 



sniers 



02Sr THIE 

Booic OIF ivE o :e^ 3vr o nsr 



flEIGN OF THE JUDGES. 




LESSON LXXXVII. 

Q.— Did Lehonti surround the army of the king as Anialickiah 
had proposed? 

A. — Yes; and when the king's troops were surrounded they 
asked Amalickiah to surrender them up. 

Q.— Did Anialickiah surrender the forces of thekingto Lehonti? 

A. — Yes, it being the very tiling he desired to do. 

y. — AVIiat oustom is mentioned as existing in those daj's? 

A. — AVlien a chief leader dies the second leader was appointed 
to t-.vl.e his place. 

Q. — Knowing this what did Amalickiah do? 

A. — He caused poison to be administered to Lehonti. 

Q. — When he was dead who took command? 

A. — The armies appomted Amalickiah to the office of chief 
leader. 

Q. — When this was done what did he do? 

A. — Ho marched with his armies to the chief city of the land. 

Q.— What did the king do'' 

A. — Thinking Amalickiah had gathered this army to obey his 
cjmmands, he and his guards went out to meet him. 

Q.— What did Amalickiah do? 

A. — He sent forward his servants to meet the king? 

Q.— How did they act on meeting the king? 

A.— They fell to the earth. 

Q. — When the king went to raise them from the ground, accord- 
i.^g to custom, what did the first servant do? 

A. — He stabbed the king to the heart. 

Q. — When the servants of the king saw this, what did they do? 

A. — They fled into the city. 

Q. — What cry did the servants of Amalickiah then raise? 

A. — The3' accused the servants of tlio king of this crime. 

Q. — What did the armies do? 

A.— They approached the place where the king laj'. 

Q —Assuming anger, what did Amalickiah do? 

A.— Heexhorted all who loved the king to pursue his murderers 

Q. — What was the result of this exhortation? 

A. — Many started in pursuit of the kind's supposed murderers 

Q. — When the servants saw an army following them what did 
they do? 

A.— They fled into the wilderness, and finally j(jined the peo- 
ple of Ammon. 

Q.— What did Anialickiah do the next day? 

A.— He entered the city with his armies. 

Q.— When She queen heard of his entrance into the city, what 
did she do? 

A. — She sent to him, asking him to come to her, and to bring 
witnesses to testify concerning tlie king's murder. 

Q. — Did he do as the queen had requested? 

A.— Yes, taking among others the very man who had stabbed 
the king. 

Q.— When they had given their testimony, calling the king' sown 
servants the murderers, how did the queen feel? 

A.— She was satisfied of the guilt of the persons who had 
fled. 

Q.— What did Amalickiah do next? 

A.— He married the queen, thus becoming tne acknowledged 
king. 

y.— Over what people did he rule? 

A.— Over all the dissenters of the Nephites and all the Laman- 
ites. 

Q.— How did these dissenters feel after they left the Nephites? 
A.— They were more wicked and hardened in their hearts than 
the Lam",nit:s. 



iiesiion^ anil ^nsiver^ 

Onsr THIE BIBLE. 



PIKST BOOK OF SAMUEL. 



LESSON LXXXVIL 

Q. — What then happened in Shiloh? 

A.— The Lord appeared again, and revealed himself to Samuel 
and gave his word. 

Q.— By whom wore the Israelites overcome at Eben-ezer? 

A.— By the Philistines. 

Q. — How many of the Israelites were slain? 

A. — Four thousand. 

Q.— What did tlicy then do? 

A. — Tliey took the ark of the Lord into the camp? 

O.— Who were with tne ark? 

A.— The two sons of E i. 

Q.- -What eftcct did this have on the Philistines? 

A. — The.y were afraid, and roused themselves to fight with 
gr/ate;- energy. 

Q. — What was the result? 

A. — 'There fell of Israel thirty thousand footmen." 

Q.— What besides? 

A. — "And the ark of God was taken; and the two sons of Eli, 
Hophni and Phinehas were slain." 

Q. — What happened to Eli when ho heard the tidings? 

A. — He fell from his seat and broke his neck. 

Q. — How old was Eli when he died? 

A.— Ninety-eight years. 

Q. — How long did he judge Israel? 

A. — Forty years. 

Q. — W^hat name did his daughter-in-law Phinehas' wife give 
her son before she died? 

A — I-chabod. 

y. — What did she say when giving the name'' 

A. — ''The glory is departed from Israel; for the ark of God is 
taken." 

Q. — To what place did the Philistines carr^- the ark of God? 

A.— Unto Ashdnd. 

Q. — Into what house did they place the ark? 

A. — The house of Dagon. 

Q. — Who was Dagon? 

A. — The god of the Philistines. 

Q. — What did the y.eoplo of Ashdod find early on the morrow? 

A. — ''Dagon was fallen upon his face to the earth before the 
ark of the Lord." 

0.— What did they then do? 

A. — "They took Dagon and set him in his place again." 

Q. — What did they discover the next morning? 

A.— Dagon had fallen again, his head and limbs severed, only 
the stump remaining. 

Q. — What happened to the people of Ashdod themselves? 

A. — The hand of the Lord was heavy upon them and he des- 
troyed them. 

Q.— Whiit did the men of Ashdod saj' when they saw these 
things? 

A. — "The ark of the God of Israel shall not abide with us: for 
his hand is sore upon us and upon Dagon our god." 

y. — What did the lords of the Philistines then do with the ark? 

A.— They carried it unto Gath. 

Q. — What was the result? 

A. — "The hand o( the Lord was against the city with a very 
great destruction: and he smote the men of the city, both small 
and great " 

y. — What was then done with the ark of God? 
A. — They sent it to EJiron. 
y.— What was the cry of the Ekronites? 

A. — "They have brought about the ark of the God of Israel to 
us, to slay us and our people." 





^' 



CTTJ'vinnsrirLjE ii^sti^/Tjotoi^ 



107 



IPK/IIDE jL.l>/S:(Dl<r<3- T^IsTI^v^^LS. 




PRIDE, or self-esteem, is developed as fully in many animals 
as it can be in the proudest of the human race. This is 
shown most conspicuously in animals which herd together. 
There is always one leader at the head, who will not suifer any 
move to be made without his permission, and who resents the 
slightest interference with his authority. Especially is this 
the case with the deer tribe, the horses and the oxen. Even 
when these latter animals are domesticated and the habits of 
their wild life are materially changed, the feeling of pride 
exists to the fullest extent. 

I have often amused myself by watching the inhabitants of 
a fiirm yard, and seeing how the cows have their laws of prec- 
edence and etiquette as clearly defined as those of any Euro- 
pean court. Every cow knows her own place and keeps it; 
she will not condescend to take a lower, and would not be 
allowed to take a higher. When a newly-bought calf is first 
introduced to the farm-yard it is treated just like a new boy at 
school. The previous inhabitants of the yard come and 
inspect it contemptuously, they decline its society, they crowd 
it away from the hay-racks, and a new-comer in a farm-yard 
has about as much chance of approaching the rack at feeding- 
time as a new loy has of getting near the fire on a cold winter 
day. 

However, as time goes on, the young calf increases in growth, 
and is allowed to mix with her companions on tolerably equal 
terms. Then, if a younger animal than her.sclf be admitted, 
it is amusing to see with what gratification she bullies the new- 
comer, and how much higher she seems to rank in her own 
estimation when she is no longer the junior. Should the fates 
be propitious, she arrives at the dignity of being senior cow, 
and never fails to assert that dignity on every occasion. When 
the cattle are taken out of the yard to their pastures in the 
morning, and when they return to it in the evening, she will 
not allow any except herself to take the lead. I have heard 
of one instance where the man in charge of the cows would 
not allow the "ganger," as the head cow is often called, to go 
out first. The result was that .she refused to go out at all; and, 
in order to get her oat of the yard, the man had to drive all 
the other cows back again, so that she might take her proper 
place at their head. 

In great portions of this country we make little use of the 
mule, and its real disposition is not generally known. Those, 
however, who have been forced into long comjianionship with 
this animal have always observed some very curious traits of 
character in it. Judging from poinilar ideas respecting the 
mule, we might think that the animal had no pride in its 
composition; whereas it is in reality a very proud animal, and 
fond of good society, as is shown by the fi.illowing extract from 
Froebel's "Seven Years in Central America:" 

"From drivers and muleteers we may pass to mules, which 
are in many respects for more interesting than the former, and 
whose natural disposition is an attractive subject to the observer 
of nature. 

"One of the most .striking characteristics of the mule is his 
aversion to the ass, and the pride which he takes in his rela- 
tionship to the horse, which instincts are met with obtrusive- 
ness in the ass and by indiffeience in the horse. If an ass at 
any time, urged by the vanity peculiar to its race as related to 
the mule, happens to fall in with a drove of mules, he will, 
in all probability, be kicked and limed by his proud relations. 
A horse, on the contrary, takes a distinguished po.sition in a 
drove of mules. The latter crowd around him and follow his 



movements, exhibiting a violent jealousy, each striving to 
stand nearest to their distinguished relative. 

"This instinct is employed to keep together a drove of 
mules on a journey or at pasture, by putting a mare to the 
drove, with a bell round her neck, and called the 'bell mar,:;' 
by the Mexicans, 'Layegua Madre,' i. e., the mother-mare. 
This animal is led day and night by a cord, and the whole 
drove is thus kept under control and will not leave their queen. 
It is, therefore, very difhcult to separate the drove. The man 
who leads the mare is instructed in case of an attack from the 
Indians to leap instantly upon the back of this animal and 
take refuge in the wagon encampment, whither the drove is 
sure to follow him. 

"Even if the Indians succeed in separatins any nuiles from 
the drove they find it difficult to carrj' them oft'. The animals 
incessantly attempt to turn back and the travelers are thus 
enabled to overtake the robbers and recover the stolen animals. 
The Indians, in consequence, use every means to get possession 
of the mare, and if they succeed in this the whole drove is 
lost to the owners. If several horses are in a drove of mules 
the danger is that the latter become dispersed; and this is the 
reason that, in these journeys, saddle-horses are not allowed to 
go loose, but are led by a cord." 

It is rather curious to trace among the lower animals a 
feeling which bears a very close resemblance to pride of birth 
among mankind. Pride shows itse'f in many ways, both in 
men and animals. Here we have rride of rank and love of 
precedence among cows, and pride of ancestry among mules. 
Sometimes pride takes the form of sensitiveness to ridicule. 
There is nothing so galling to a proud man as to feel himself 
the object of ridicuie, and precisely the same trait of character, 
is to be found in many animals. Asmiy be expx-tel, this 
form of pride is mostly developed in the domesticated animals; 
or perhaps it is in those that we have most opportunities of 
observing it. 

My cat, "Prot," for example, was peculiarly sensitive to 
anything approaching ridicule. He was quite conscious if we 
spoke of him in a disparaging manner, and testified his disap- 
probation after his own manner. But to laugh at him was an 
insult which he could not brook, and, if we continued to do S5 
he would arch his tail, hold himself very stiff' indeed, and 
march slowly out of the room. How sensitive all high-lired 
dogs are to ridioile is so well known that we need nijt occupy 
space by citing examples. 

The Siamese ape, "Ungka," a part of whose history has 
already been given in connection with the subject of humor, 
possessed a keen sense of ridicule. The animal was exceedingly 
tame, and at meal times always came to take his share, a corner 
of the table being appropriated to his use. "When, from any 
of his ludicrous actions at table, we all burst out in loud laugh- 
ter, he would vent his indignation at being made the object of 
ridicule by uttering his peculiar, hollow, barking noise, at the 
same time inflating the airsac, and regarding the persons 
laughing with a most serious look until they had ceased, when 
he would quietly resume his dinner." 

Pride in personal appearance, or vanity, is often to be seen 
among the lower animals, more especially among those birds 
who are notable for bright or abundant plumage. — Harper's 
Weekly. 

Beauty soon decays, but virtue and talents remain with us, 
and improve with the progress of time. 



It is less pain to learn in youth than to be ignorant in ac 





lOS 



0" U AT" E ISr I Xj E IIsrSTI^TJOTOI?. 




J^lD^rXGIEl J^SOUT a-IR.LS. 

\'J7e find the following excellent ailvice in a little paper called 
VV Good C/ierr, in an^\veI• to the 'luoition, "'What shall we 
do with ourgirla?"^ — 

'■Teach them self-reliance. 

"Teach them to make bread. 

"Teach them to make shirts. 

"Teach them to f)Ot up store hill-. 

"Teach them not to wear false hair. 

"Teach thein to wear thick, warm shoo'i. 

"Bring tliem up in ilij way they should go. 

"Teach them how to wash and iron clothes. 

"Teach them how to make their own dresses. 

"Teach them that a dollar is only a hundred cents. 

"Teach them to cook a good meal of victuals. 

"Teach them how to darn stockinss and sew on buttons. 

"Teach them erery day, dry, hard, practical common sense. 

"Teach them to say 'No,' and mean it; or 'Yes,' an 1 stick 
to it. 

"Teach them to wear calico dresses, and do it like queens. 

"Give them a good, substantial common-school education. 

"Teach them that a good ro-y lomp is worth fifty consump- 
tives. 

"Teach them torecard the morals and not the money of their 
beaux. 

"Teach them the my-teries of the kltciien, the dining-room, 
and the parlor. 

"Teach them that the more one lives within his income, the 
more he will save. 

"Teach them to have nothing to do with intemperate and 
dissolute young men. 

"Teach them the further one lives Iryond his income the 
nearer he gets to the poor house. 

"Teach them that a good, steady mechanic without a cent, 
is worth a dozen lonfers in broadcloth. 

''Teach them the accomplishments, mu-^io, painting, drawing, 
if you have the tiiu3 and unnoy to do it with. 

"Teach them tliat God made them in liis own image, and 
no amount of tight lacing will improve the model. 

"Rely upon it that upon your teaching depends in a great 
measure the weal or woe of their after life.'' 



-'<^* < g »' 



ViBI^B^^L ^TIGES 




INDULOENTE in verhal vices soon encourages corresponding 
vices in conduct. Let any one of j'ou come to talk about 
any mean or vile jiractice with a tiamiliar tone, and do j'ou 
suppose, when the opportunity occurs for committing the mean 
or vile act, he will be as strong against it as before'? It is by no 
means an unknown thing that men of correct lives talk them- 
selves in sen.suality, crime and perdition. Bad language easily 
runs into bad deeds. Select any iniquity you please; suffer 
yourself to converse in its dialect, to use its slang, to si)eak in 
the character of one who reli-shes it, and I need not tell how 
soon your sense will lower down to its level. Becoming inti- 
mate with it you lose your horror of it. To be too much with 
bad men and in bad places, is not only unwhole.some to a man's 
morality, but unfavorable to his faith and trust in God. It is 
not every man who could live as Lot did in Sodom, and then 
be fit to go out of it under God's convoy. This obvious prin- 
ciple of itself, furnishes a reason not only for watching the 
tongue, but for keeping ourselves as much as possible out of 
the company of bad associates. — 



THIS IDTJGICS. 

One little black duck, 

One little gray, 
Six little white duck?, 
Running out to play; 
One white lady duck, motherly and trim, 
Eight little baby ducks bound foi a swim. 
One little white duck 

Running from the water. 
One very i'at duck — 
Pretty little daughter; 
One very grave duck, swimming oft' alone, 
One little while duck standing on a stone. 
One little white duck, 

Holding up its wings, 
One little bobbing duck, 
Making water-rings; 
One little black duel< turning round its head, 
One big black duck — see, he's gone to bed. 
One little white duck. 

Walking by its mother; 
Look among the water-reeds, 
Maybe there's another. 
Not ani'thcr anywhere',' surely you are blind; 
Push away the grass, denr, ducks are hard to find. 
Cut 1 think my wee duck 
Is the nicest duck of all, 
lie hasn't any feathers, 

And his mouth is sweet and small; 
He runs with a light step and jumps upon my knee. 
And though he cannot swim, he is verv dear to me. 
One little lady duck, motherly and trim, 
Eight little baby-ducks "uound for a swim; 
One lazy black duck, t.iking quite a nap; 
One prec'ous little duck, here on mother's lap. 



Eisrio-i^ j^ 



BY CHAS. REYNOLDS. 



I'm composed of live letters, and yet 'tis quite true 
You only leave one, if 3'ou take away two. 
Just read me again, and then you may find 
If you take away one, you will leave two behind. 

My whole is a sound, so dismal and drear. 

Also an insect that flies in the air; 

I'm idle by nature; all labor I shirk. 

And live on the bouaty of those who will work. 

We should not be too much moved by reproaches; for if 
they be true, we should amend; and if not, they are of no 
consequence. 

crxjA7"E2NriL:E] uststs.tjotoi^' 

I; Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



C£OKC£ O. CAN>«^N, feOlTOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Single Copy, per Annum — — %'l 00. 

J^^Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office shotild be directed, 

"ilDITOE J CJVENILE INSTRUCTOR." 




