
VOL 4. 



SALT .LAKH CUT, SATURDAY, MARCH 13, 1869. 



NO. G. 



josbph zpzE^zESE^Tinsra- his father to zphairaoih:- 



UPON the return of the sons of Jacob to their father and 
their families they told him all that had befallen them: 
how roughly the lord of the land had spoken to them; how he 
had suspected them of being spies; how particular he was in 
asking tnem about their circumstances, and their father and 
their kindred, and whether they had not another brother; how 



"God Almighty give you mercy before the man, that he may 
send away your other brother and Benjamin. Iff be bereaved 
of my childien, I be bereaved." 

He told them to take back the money that they found in the 
mouths of their sacks, to take double money besides, and also 
to carry the man a present. They did so, and again they went 



he had kept Simeon in Egypt as a surety that they would bring i to Egypt ana stood before Joseph. When he saw that Benja- 
their younger brother with them. When Jacob heard all they | min was with them, he told the man who was in charge of his 

house to take the men home 
and to prepare a feast, for they 
should dine with him. The 
man did as Joseph had com- 
manded him, and brought them 
into Joseph's house. This 
alarmed them; they could only 
think there was some new evil 
going to happen to them. The 
money they had found in their 
sacks after they had been there 
before, came to their minds, 
and they thought that the gov- 
ernor would make this a cause 
of offence, and take them for 
bondmen or slaves. Filled 
with these ideas, they talked 
with Joseph's steward at the 
door of [the house, and ex- 
plained aboutfiuding the money 
in their sacks: they did not 
know who put it there, they 
said; but they had brought it 
back with them. The steward 
told them that it must have 
been their God, and the God 
of their father, who had given 
them treasure in their sacks! 
for he had their money. This 
must have reassured them. 

The steward brought their 
brother Simeon to them. 
Jjongand anxiously had he wait- 
ed for their return. However kindly he might have been 
treated, he yet could not help feeling that he was under restraint 
and had not full control over his action % It must have been a 
great satisfaction to him, therefore, to see his brothers back 
again and Benjamin with them. 

When Joseph came home they laid the present before him 
which they had brought with them, and bowed themselves to 



had to sty, he felt that he 
could uot let Benjamin go wit 
them. Already had two sons 
been taken from him — Joseph 
and Simeon — anJ now Benja- 
min was asked for. Beuben 
told his father that hi could 
slay his two sons if he did not 
bring Benjamin back; but this 
was of no avail. Jacob felt 
that if any mischief should be- 
fa 1 1 Benjamin, his grey 
hairs would be brought down 
in sorrow to the grave. His 
sons saw that it wag no use to 
try and persuade him, so they 
dropped the subject. But the 
famine still raged. That was 
an argument wh : ch Jacob, with 
all his father's love and affec- 
tion for his youngest born, 
eould not resist. 

The food which they had 
brought from Egypt was at 
last exhausted, and Jacob told 
his sons to go again and buy 
some more. He still wanted 
them to go without Benjamin. 
But his sons were immovable. 
The governor of the land had 
told them that if they did not 
bring their brother with them, 
they should not see his face 
again. Judah plainly told his father that if he would send 
Benjamin with them, they would go; but if not, they would 
not go. He pledged himself for his security. If he did not 
bring him back and set liim before him, ho was willing, he said, 
to bear the blame forever. Jacob finally gave a reluctant con- 
sent, and in doing so, his language showed the love he had for 
his children! Said he: 




>k 





<X TJ V IE 2ST I L El IK"STEUCTOB, 



*9L 



the earth before him. He asked them about their father, 
whether ho was still a'ive and well. And when he saw Benja- 
min, he inquired of them if that was their younger brother, of 
whom they had snoken to him. At the sight of his brother, the 
son of his beloved mother, Rachel, his emotions were too strong 
for him, and he had to hurry out of their presence to conceal 
his tears. In his chamber he gave vent to his feelings, and, 
after washing his face and obtaining control of himself, he 
went out to them again, and ordered his servants to set on the 
food. His brothers were astonished at one thing which occur- 
red at this feast Every one of them was seated according to 
his age. It must have struck them as a singular occurrence 
for a stranger, such as they supposed Jose' h to be, to seat them 
at table, from the oldest to the youngest, in that manner. In 
serving them with food he showed his affection for his brother 
Benjamin by giving him five times as much as he did the rest. 
At the feast they became quite merry, and enjoyed themselves 
with him. 

Joseph told his steward to fill his brothers' sacks with food, 
and put each mans money in the mouth of his sack, and in 
Benjamin's sack to put his silver cup. His brothers were up 
early in the morning and started. They must have been in g'ee 
at the resalt of their trip. It had been successful beyond their 
expectations. They had been treated kindly by the GoTernor, 
Simeon had been released and was now with them, and Benja- 
min, also, respecting whom their father had so many fears, had 
met with no harm. But their happiness was very brief. They 
had not got very far from the city when Joseph's steward over- 
took them. He commenced by reproaching them for their in- 
gratitude to his master, telling them that his silver cup out of 
which he drank bad been taken by them. This charge aroused 
them; confident of their innocence, they said that if the cup 
wai found with one of them, he should die and the rest would 
be Joseph's bondmen. Every one then quickly unloaded his 
sack and opened it, and the steward began his search. One 
after another the sacks were examined, and they began to think 
that the steward himself would certainly be satisfied that they 
were guiltless, when, to their horror, in the very last sack, the 
sack of Benjamin, the silver cup was found! It was there be- 
yond contradiction. They were so filled with grief that they 
rent their clothes; they put their loads on their asses, and 
mournfully turned back to the city. 

When they saw Joseph they fell before him on the ground. 
He asked them what was this that they had done Judah con- 
fessed that they were at a loss as to what to say, or how to clear 
themselves. But, he added, that they, as well as Benjamin, 
with whom the cup was found, were his servants. Joseph told 
him that he did not want them to be his servants; they could 
return in peace to their father; he would keep the one only with 
whom the cup was found. This proposal met with no favor 
from them. Judah, especially, was averse to it. He drew 
near to Joseph and t^ld him all the circumstances that had led 
to the bringing of Benjamin down to Egypt. In the most 
touching manner he described the reluctance of Jacob to let 
Benjamin come with them and what he had said to them about 
him, and the dreadful effect the news that Benjamin was not 
with them would have upon him. He had promised to be 
surety to his father for Benjamin's safe return, and he did not 
want to go back without him, nor to see the effect it would have 
upon his father. He offered to become Joseph's bondman him- 
te'f, ;f he would only let Benjamin go. 

Joseph had by this time tested his brothers' love for Be 1 ja- 
miti pretty thoroughly. When he, himself, was a boy with 
them, inspired by jealousy, they had plotted against his life, 
and had unfeelingly sold him to be carried into a distant land 
as a save. But hero he found them all willing to become slaves 
rather than that Benjamin should be kept in Egypt. Time 



1 had wrought great changes in their characters, and instead of 
feeling jealous of Benjamin, as they had formerly been of Jo- 
seph, because their father loved hipi so dearly, here was Judah 
anxious to forego all the blessings of freedom, to live a slave and 
never again look upon the faces of his father, his brothers and 
his wires and children! 

This great love moved Joseph so much that he could hold 
himself no longer. He commanded all his servants to go away 
from him, and he and his brothers were left alone together. 
Then he gave way to his feelings, and he wept aloud. To his 
astonished brethren he said, "I am Joseph." These simple 
words deprived them of all power to speak. No wonder 
they could not answer him. The remembrance of all the wrongs 
they had done to him must have flashed upon their minds and 
filled them with shame and remorse. The hour had come for 
Joseph to have his revenge; but his heart was only filled with 
kindness artd love. His was not the disposition to triumph 
over his brothers; but, seeing their confusion, he tried to comfort 
them. He told thum not to be grieved or angry with them- 
selves for selling him to come into Egypt, "for God," said he, 
"did send me before you to preserve life," "to preserve you a 
posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliver- 
ance;" he added: "it was not you that sent me hither, but 
God." He then kissed and wept over them. 

The news reached Pharaoh that Joseph's brethren had come, 
and he was pleased to hear it. He told Joseph to request them 
to load their animals and go back to Canaan, and to take their 
father and their households and return unto him. He also 
commanded that they should take wagons for their wives and 
little ones; but they need not bring their goods; "for," said he, 
"the good of all the land of Egypt is yours, and ye shall eat 
the fat of the land." Joseph, besides furnishing them what 
the King wished them to take, gave them presents, and sent to 
his father twenty asses loaded with the good things of Egypt 
and with all kinds of provision for him to use on his journey to 
Egypt. He also sent a message to Jacob, telling him that God 
had made him lord of all Egypt; and for him to come down un- 
to him without delay. 

The news which they brought to Jacob about Joseph was 
too good for him to believe at first. But the. wagons and other 
things, and the message Joseph had sent to him, convinced 
him, and he said: "it is enough; Joseph my son is yet alive: 
I will go and see him before I die." He started with all that 
he had, and on the way, the Lord appeared unto him in vision, 
and told him to go into Egypt and that He would surely bring 
his children up again out of Egypt and restore them to Canaan. 
The meeting between the long separated father and son was a 
most affecting one. Joseph fell on his father's neck, and wept 
for a good while, and Jacob's joy was so complete that he said 
to Joseph; "Now let me die, since I have seen thy face." 

The land of Goshen was the part of Egypt which Joseph 
had selected for his brethren to reside in. It was a land well 
adapted to their occupation as shepherds and herdsmen. Pha- 
raoh was willing they should have that or any other part of 
the land to live in. Goshen suited them very well, for by re- 
siding there they were able to dwell separate from the Egypt- 
ians. The latter people despised the occupation of taking care 
of cattle and sheep; it was an abomination to them, and they 
were not disposed to mix with them. By this means the chil- 
dren of Israel were able to dwell in Egypt, as a distinct people, 
from that time until they were led forth by Moses. 

The engraving which we give you in this number is the pre- 
senting of Jacob by Joseph to Pharaoh. Joseph led his father 
in to the King, and upon the latter asking how old he was, he 
told him he was one hundred and thirty years old, but he had 
not lived to be as old as his fathers. He blessed Pharaoh. 





J XT -V E3 IsT I L E I1TSTRTJCTOB. 



*^©5! 



4:3 



For five years longer the famine raged, and during that time 
Joseph fed his father and brothers and all their households. 
The Egyptians continued to buy food of Joseph until all their 
money was gone; then, when the money failed, they brought 
him all their live stock. These also failed after awhile, and 
they sold him their land, and offered to sell themselves. He 
took their land, and changed the people from one part of the 
country to the other to suit the interests of the kingdom. He 
also made it a law in Egypt from that time forward that one- 
fifth part of the increase of the land should belong to the king. 
This was a heavy tax; but the people were glad to pay it, for 
it was better to do that than for them and their children to per- 
ish by famine. Jacob lived seventeen years in Egypt before he 
died, and Joseph carried his corpse to Canaan and buried him 
there. He, himself, lived respected and honored a 1 his days. 
He lost none of his greatness while he lived. He did not live 
to be as old a man as his father by thirty seven years; but he 
lived long enough to see his children of the fourth generation. 
Children, ponder upon the history of this remarkable man. 
Study well the lesson which it teaches. He was truthful and 
virtuous, and no temptations could make him do wrong. These 
qualities lie at the foundation of all true greatness, and they 
are qualities which all can posess if they will. 



TIHIIEJ STORY OIF 1 
.A^IuriEIEoia^ILT HISTORY, 

Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

(CONTINUED.] 



THIS was a terrible blow to them. They not only failed in 
obtaining supplies of food, but they greatly weakened 
their army by the loss of the men'. Besides the moral effect of 
the disaster was very injurious upon the portion of the army that 
remained. The soldiers began to despair. The Indians, too, 
finding that the expedition was not likely to succeed, and that 
Burgoyne would not, or could not give them enough to eat, 
when he had promised them the greatest plenty of every thing, 
grew tired of the service, and parties of them were continually 
leaving the camp and going home. In a word the expedition 
was gradually getting into very serious difficulty. 

The disposition of the Indians to abandon the enterprise was 
greatly increased by a very tragical and dreadful occurrence that 
took place about this time. It seems that one of the officers of 
the British army, whose name was Captain Jones, was engaged 
to a young girl named Jane M'Crea, who was then living with 
her aunt near a fort not very far from the p'ace where Burgoyne' s 
army was now encamped. Captain Jones conceived a desire to 
bring her to the camp, where he could take her under his protec- 
tion. He did not venture to go for her himself, but he sent a 
party oi Indians for her. He told the Indians that if they 
would make their way to her aunt's, see her, and propose to her 
to come, and then bring her safely to the camp to him, ho would 
give them a reward. 

The reward that he offered them was a barrel of rum! 

The Indians went. They traveled across the country in a 
stealthy manner, and when they arrived at the house, they 
watched their oppor'unity when the rest of the family were 
gone out, and seizing Jane and her aunt, they hurried them 
awa\\ 

They were immediately pursued, but it was impossible to over- 
take them. The Indians, however, separated on the way. One 
party arrived at the camp with the aunt, but the others, when 
they came in, instead of Jane herself, alive and well, brought 
only her scalp. Her aunt knew it by the long black and glossy 
hair. 



The wl ole army was horror-struck at this atrocity. The In- 
dians said that Jane was shot by a bullet fired by white men 
who were pursuing them, but it was generally believed that they 
killed her themselves. The story went all over the land, and 
the greatest indignation was excit d every where against the 
British for employing such brutal monsters to fight against their 
brethren. Indeed, the British themselves began to be thorough- 
ly ashamed of, and to abhor their confederates, and they in- 
stinctively evinced this feeling so plainly that the Indians be- 
came alienated from them, and went off more and more. 

In the mean time, the forces of General Gates were constantly 
increasing, and he went on concentrating them every day. so that 
soon Burgoyne was entirely surrounded. He had now no hope 
except in the arrival of General Howe's army from the south. 
But it did not come. 

The Americans being established south of him, cut off his 
progress down the river, and by taking possession of all the roads 
and bridges, and narrow pas-es among the hills, they prevented 
his retreat in any other direction. Ho finally was so closely 
hemmed in that he could not even send away or receive a mes- 
senger, and thus not only . ould procure no supplies, but he could 
not even communicate with General Howe, to learn when he 
might expect help 

At length, when his provisions were entirely exhausted, and 
no hope of relief from any quarter appeared, he concluded to 
give up the contest and surrender. So he sent word to General 
Gates, and articles of sui render were drawn up and agreed to. 
Burgoyne himself gave up his sword and his soldiers marched 
out of their camp to a place by the river side, and there laid 
down their arms in piles, where the Americans could take them. 
It was agreed that they themselves should not be kept prisoners, 
but should be allowed to go back again to England on condition 
that they would not conu back again to fight ugainst the Amer- 
icans during the war. 

The number of men that thus gave themselves up was be- 
tween five and six thousand; and besides the muskets, there 
were thirty-five brass field pieces taken, and a great quantity of 
ammunition. The tidings that this formidable expedition was 
thus brought to an end spread rapidly through the country, and 
awakened universal and unbounded exultation, and gave a new 
and very powerful impulse to the American cause. 

It has already been stated that when the American Congress 
declared the independence of the country, they hoped to have 
help from some European nation, and especially from France, 
in carrying on the war, and they had sent out commissioners 
some time before this period to propose to the French govern- 
ment that ihey should form a treaty of alliance with them. 

The celebrated Benjamin Franklin was one of these commis- 
sioners. The Fjench government received them privately i i a 
very friendly manner, but for a time would not publicly recog- 
nize them as the agents of an independent nation. They had 
first to consider whether it would be prudent to a. -knowledge the 
independence of the American colonies or not. If they were to 
do so, and if, by their assistance, the colonies were to establish 
their independence, and separate themselves finally from the 
British empire, thcirold enemies, the English, would be humbled 
and weakened by it very much, and this was, of course, greatly 
desired; but then, it they were to take sides with the Ameri- 
cans in the contest, and the Americans should not succeed after 
all, then they would have only brought upon themselves the 
terrible anger of the English, without accomplishing any pur- 
pose at all; so that they thought it prudent to wait a little, and 
tee how the Americans were likely to succeed, before they ven- 
tured to join them. 

[To be Continual) 



i 
i) 



A civil word is as easily spoken as a rude one. 




«3p 



rtfr 4 "^***— tB*2&&&En 



4:4 



CTTJ'V^ElsriljE IUSTETJCTOB. 



*$ 









GEORGE: Q. CAKNON, : EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MARCH 13, 1869. 
TWENTY YEARS J± <3r O 



A TRIP TO CALIFORNIA. 



CHAPTER VI. 



WE found the Indians all through this country very shy; they 
would run away from us like rabbits, they were so scared. 
We were convinced that many of them had never seen white men 
before, and our appearance in their country terrified them. 
White men had been on the Spanish Trail, and some of them 
might have seen them there, but only at a distance. 

In traveling down the kanyon we fully expected to reach a 
valley. In fact, the hope of finding a valley extending west- 
ward, in which we could find water and feed, and could travel 
without having to cross mountains, was always present with us. 
If the difficulties of the day were very great, and the mount- 
tains hemmed us in, we were cheered by the expectation that 
on the morrow it would be all right, for we should soon reach 
a valley. In going down the kanyon we had to cross the creek 
a number of times, and found some of the crossings rather 
miry. The kanyon was narrow and the mountains on each side 
towered up perpendicular and rocky. There were a number 
of caves in the sides. We soon found the kanyon impassable, 
and were compelled to climb a mountain, the sides of which 
were covered with cedar. The ascent of this mountain was very 
difficult for our pack animals. We then traveled over some ce- 
dar ridges, and found ourselves in a position where, to get any 
further, we must climb a steep, rocky mountain. It was diffi- 
cult for a man on foot to make the ascent, and, of course, the 
pack animals had a hard time to reach the summit. But we 
all finally reached the top. There was but little satisfaction in 
this; for we were no sooner up than we had to prepare to de- 
scend. This was more difficult and dangerous than climbing. 
We made as good a road as we could by winding round the 
mountain to a spur that sloped gradually to the creek; but, 
even then, greatcare had to be taken; one false step would have 
precipitated an animal and pack down the mountain without any 
prospect of escaping with life. We all reached the bottom of 
the mountain without accident. The creek had increased con- 
siderably in size, and after crossing it several times we arrived 
at a large bend in which we found a tolerable supply of grass. 
We concluded it best to camp here, as there was no prospect of 
our reaching that valley for the sight of which we strained our 
eyes in vain. This day had been cloudy, and in the evening we 
were threatened with a storm. I dug a trench around the bed 
of myself and bedfellow; but it did not save us from a drench- 
ing It rained heavily all night, and we arose in the morning, 
in the midst of the rain, feeling very uncomfortable. We found 
an Indian wigwam not far from our camp. Its occupants had 
evidently ran away upon hearing our approach, as a pot made 
of earthenware, containing some food, was on the fire. 

Our animals had suffered as much as ourselves during the 
storm. They looked badly in the morning. As soon as the 
rain ceased we started. We -till kept down the kanyon, cross- 
ing and recrossing the creek a great number of times. But 
after a few hours we came to a place beyond which it seemed 
impossible to pass. We were hemmed in by high mountains 
impracticable to cross, and the channel through which the creek 



ran was so rocky and precipitous that our passage by that way 
seemed to be barred. Several of the company climbed to the 
tops of the mountains surrounding us to examine, if possible, 
the country ahead of us. All returned with unfavorable re- 
ports; there was nothing to be seen but mountains. We were 
in a bad fix. Further progress seemed impossible. If we 
should turn back to the point where we left the regular trail, 
and endeavor to go through on that route, we would not have 
half enough provisions for our use, and there was no way of 
obtaining more short of Salt Lake City or California. If we 
were to return up this kanyon, and strike off to the right of 
left, what assurance had we that we could get through these 
mountains any easier than by the route we were then traveling? 
These were anxious moments, but none of us could think of 
returning. We must proceed at all hazards. Those who had 
climbed the mountains to reconnoitre, had reported that the 
kanyon grew wider a little below where we were, and if we 
could surmount the obstacles right before us, we could still pro- 
ceed. There was a gleam of hope in this. Captain Flake aud 
one or two others concluded they would try and descend the 
kanyon on foot. Alter some time had elapsed they returned 
and informed the company that they found the passage exceed- 
ingly rocky; the creek took a leap over a precipice ten or twelve 
feet in hight, and at this waterfall the mountains which rose 
on each side, were steep and slippery; but on one side, they 
thought, a passage might be made with some iahor. This in- 
telligence relieved every one. It promised action, and that in 
the circumstances we were in then would be a relief. We had 
been detained here several hours in a pouring rain, the animals 
were chilled, the packs were well soaked and the men were wet 
to the skin. We commenced our descent of the kanyon. By 
rolling rocks out of the way we succeeded in getting along tol- 
erably well until we reached the piecipice. At this point we 
took the packs off many of the animals; and then by the men 
fastening lariets round their necks and pulling them up, they 
made the asc nt without accident. ''Old Uroppy" was the only 
exception. He had been gradually failing, and was not very 
strong. By pulling and pushing him he succeeded in nearly 
reaching the top of the steepest part of the ascent, when his 
hind feet slipped and he fell. We had considerable difficulty 
in keeping him from rolling to the bottom and carrying us along 
with him. We tried to get him on his feet again; but without 
avail. He was too weak, and the place was too steep. We 
had to roll him over on to a more favorable place, and then he 
got up. With moie help the next attempt was successful, and 
we all got over into the kanyon. "Croppy" had his knee badly 
cut in his fall, and was much shaken. He acted as though his 
fall had crazed him. A sensible horse would, when turned 
loose, have followed the others. "Croppy" would have done 
so before he had this fall; but now, when we drove him ahead 
of us into the kanyon, he seemed determined to get into the 
creek. In despite of our efforts to prevent him he rushed 
down the steep bank into the water. The bottom on the side 
of the creek which we traveled was probably two or three hun- 
dred yards wide; and the Indian trail which the company fol- 
lowed ran close at the base of the mountain. Between that 
and the creek there was a dense growth of willows, wild rose 
bushes and other brush. 

[To be Continued.) 



The gentle child who tries to please, 
Who wiil not quarrel, fret, nor tease, 
Who will not say an angry word, — 
That ch.U is pleasing to the Lord. 



It is the hardest thing in the world to do nothing. 



rsT-i» -rwwirr-aiasn 



. ^_- f ffaB B ^^ mKm 






JUTBITILB II^STETJCTOR. 




CT .A. O O B 7 S WELL. 

PASSING northward from the Dead Sea, we soon arrive at I This well was dug by the patriarch Jacob, on a piece of land 
the pilgrims' bathing place, said by the priests to be near j he bought of the children of Hamor, for a hundred pieces of 
the spot where Jesus was baptized by John in Jordan. Here I money. Near by, at that time, stood the City of Shechim. 
also the ark of the covenant and the main body of the Israel- And we are told '"he (Jacob) erec ed there an altar, and called 
ites are supposed to have crossed, when they en'ered Canaan it EI-Klohe Israel.' 

under Joshua. Here during certain seasons of the year, thou- The tomb of Joseph is not far from his father's well. When 
sands of pilgrims gather from all parts of the earth to wash in dying in the land of Egypt, he had the Israelites promise that 
the Jordan, and to carry to their homes a bottle or so of its when the time should come for them to return to Canaan tbey 



"sacred" waters, that their children maybe sprinkled with a 
few drops from the same river in which the Son of vod was 
immersed. Vain idea, that the waters of Jord tn are better 
than the Waters of any other river for this purpose. It is not 
the water that brings the blessing, it is the obedience. Men 
and women might bo baptized a thousand times in Jordan and 
it would do them no good, it they had not faith in God thei 



"would carry up his bones from hence," and true to their prom- 
ise they did so, and buried him on the spot where in boyhood 
he watched his father's sheep and dreamed about his future 
greatness. 

The tomb itself has but little to attract us. Tt is a small 
scjuare area, enclosed in a white plastered wall, without sculp- 
tured urn or fretted arch to mark the last resting place of the 



Father, and had not repented of their sins. But if they have body of the patriarch. Bin plain as it is it is lull of interest, 
sought the Lord in faith, and W'th a desire to serve him, and i fur it is the sepulcher of the much loved son, the shepherd 
called upon a servant of God to baptize them for the remission j boy, the captive youth, the Egyptian prisoi er, the interpreter 
of their sins, 
then anv riv- 




er, sea, or 
fountain of 
pure water 
will do as 
well as the 
Jordan and 
no better. 

As we con- 
tinue our 
course north- 
ward we shall 
find the 
banks of the 
river very 
bea ut if u 1. 
The sides of 
the river are 
often abrupt 
and broken, 
composed 
generally of 
marl and clay 
in term i x e d 
with lime- 
s t o n e . 
"Where it is 
widest, the 
bo 1 1 o m is 

mud covered with r ed-; where it is narrowest, it is rock and 
sand. Along its banks grow in rich profusion the scarlet an- 
emone, the yellow marigold, the water lily, the feathery tam- 
arisk, the pink oleander, the Syrian thistle with its gorgeous 
purple blossom, and cane reeds, oaks, willows and w.ld pista- 
chios. Amid foliage so rich and rare are birds of exquisite 
plumage and varied song. Disporting in the water are herons 
and ducks; dancing from bower to bower are sparrows, swal- 
lows, and nightingales; wheeling their tireless fl ghtover stream 
and shrub are eagles, partridges, hawks and snipes, while storks 
sprtad their vast wings along the banks." "The deep, impen 
etrable jungle, extending for miles in length on either bank, 
is now, as formerly, the hiding place of the leopard, the wild 
boar, and tiger.' 



of dieauis, 
l'har o a h's 
prime minis- 
ter, the sav- 
ior o f his 
brethren, the 
preserver of 
his country, 
thetruesaiuc 
and the pro- 
totype of 
Latt e r-d a y 
Israel^-J o- 
seph the son 
of Jacob. 

There i s 
an incident 
conn e c t e d 
with this 
well that 
«ives i t ad- 
ditional i n- 
terest in our 
eyes. It was 
at this well 
that Jesus 
met the w - 
man of San » 
aria andeoi - 
versed with 

her on the things of the kingdom of Heaven. But, as Sister 
Snow in her life of Jesus published in a former volume of this 
paper has given an account of this meeting. I shall say no more 
about it, but finish with a short description of the well itself. 

Jacob's weli is situated on the point of a spur of mount 
Gerezim; the sacred mountain of the Samaritans. Here they 
worshipped instead of taking their offerings to Jerusalem and 
bowing in the temple there. Near the well are the ruins of an 
ancient Christian Church. The well is cut in the solid rock, is 
75 feet deep, with regular and smooth hewn sides At one 
time a vaulted chamb r ten feet square and as many feet below 
the surface of the ground formed its entrance. The walls aro 
now fallen, and the accumulated rubbish renders it rather dito- 

lor who lately 



*!J> 



:ult to get at the water. An enthusiastic travel 
When about half-way on our journey between the Dead and ' visited it, thus describes his emotions: Imagine my joy to be 
Galilean Seas, we will strike off a few miles to the west and ' drinking from the well of Sychar (the present name lor Shee- 
visit Jacob's well, the subject of our illustration. | him) "whose waters were sanctthed by the lips of the gracious 



3& 



•e .y r 'WJV * — ~ w zm 




OT IT V IE IN" I L El IFSTRTJCTOR 



*^$8 



Redeemer! It is clear like unto crystal: having the softuess of 
oil and the sweetness of honey." 

But enough, we must now hasten back to Jordan, and oon- 
tinue our journey northward in our next. G. II. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%\wA%%t\^ ol fSoatmoti ®|im)* 



^AT O O L 




THE world is full of chemists. What are you doing, Dr. 
Wheat-ear? "Preparing phosphates for food." And 
you, friend Potatoe? "Manufacturing starch and potashes.'' 
And you Professor Wood? "Condensing carbon from the at- 
mosphere, as fuel." For whom are you all working? "For 
man." If we could continue our interrogations we should find 
that the whole animal and vegetable creations are thus engaged- 
What could we do, children, without our fleecy friend, the 
sheep? Only think if we had no garments except those made 
of linen and cotton, especially at this time of yeai! Even the 
beautiful silk fabrics which we are to have, and that soon, if 
we will all do rs we are advised by our best friends, would b e 
Poor substitutes for the cosy flannel and warm woolen garments 
manufactured from wool. 

The hair of animals differs very little from skin in its chemi- 
cal composition; it is an appendage and an ornament to that 
covering of the body. It has, like the hoofs of animals, wool 
and feathers — gelatine, iron, phosphorus, sulphur, lime and silica 
(flint) in its composition. How strange that so hard a sub- 
stance the chief ingredient in the brittle, hard, cold substance — 
glass, should be necessary to form the soft, flexible warm fibres 
of hair! Now, wool and fur are only forms of hair, and they 
leally are no warmer than linen and cotton, although they feel 
so. What is the reason that wool is so warm? It is a bad 
conductor of heat; then, there are spaces between the fibres of 
wool which are filled with air, a bad conductor also, so that we 
carry 'about with us upon our backs a warmer climate than 
the surrounding atmosphere, just as the sheep do; for the heat 
generated in the bodies of animals is the source of warmth, not 
the clothing; the latter prevents the heat from passing away, 
just in proportion to its capacity for conducting heat. 

This is not the only good quality of wool, it is light, pliable 
and durable; but above all, it has the property of felting, which 
greatly adds to its utility. When wool is examined with a 
magnifying glass the reason of this property is seen; its fibres 
are not round or oval like hair; its surface is found to be covered 
with a large number of small hollows, somewhat resembling 
the teeth of a saw; these catch into one another and cause the 
fibres to cling together, so that clothing can be made of wool 
without weaving; in this way "felt" is made, a cloth used in 
making hats. It is this tendency to cling together which gives 
to woolen goods their great durability, and which enables the 
fuller to make cloth so compact in its texture. 

Now, we will not examine to day into the reason why flint 
(silica) is present in hair or how it gets there; it is sufficient to 
know that animals deprived of silica in their food have inferior 
hair and that sheep fed over soil which contains silica have the 
finest wool; and, as the surface of the grasses and seeds, upon 
which animals feed, contains silica it is easy to understand that 
the food is the source of supply. 

What a variety of articles are made of wool! We have our 
carpets and druggets for our floors; moreens and damasks (cot- 



ton and wosl) for our window curtains; coats, vests, pants, 
and hosiery for gentlem. n; shawls, scarfs, mantles, dresses, nu- 
Lias, hoods and gloves for ladies; then there are all sorts of 
fleecy "comforters" for everybody and the pretty little shoes for 
"baby." And how many millions are engaged in raising 
and manufacturing wool for our use, hundreds of millions are 
expended for machinery alone to enable us to procure the com- 
forts which, by our own unaided efforts, we could never obtain. 
Well may we say that we have many friends. 

Then, in consequence of the great demand for woolen goods, 
quite a large trade has sprung up within the last few years in 
working up waste woolen substances. During the process of 
spinning and weaving wool there is a quantity of waste — some 
of the hair is left. This is collected and used up in various 
ways; the bettjr kinds of waste can be mixed with higher sorts 
and worked up. Then there is the 'list' which is cut off the 
ends of cloth; this is torn up, as well as pieces of cloth from the 
tailor's shops, and the mantle makers, and re-manufactured. 
Besides these fragments of new cloth, old worn out garments 
are torn up and made into what is called "shoddy." This is 
used in making cloth of inferior quality, such as pilot cfoth and 
cloth resembling "sealskin" (cloth with a long shaggy nap,) 
druggets, carp_ts, and a great number of fabrics are made from 
shoddy; and, when honest dealers sell their articles at inferior 
prices, no doubt it does good, as poor persons may obtain things 
which would otherwise be beyond their reach. But this is not 
always attended to, an article may be purchased which, in ap- 
pearance, may be equal to another of higher quality and be 
worthless for wear; for wool, like any other substance, by re- 
peated wear and tear loses its strength. 

Well, we cannot say all there is to be said about shoddy; 
shoddy is often a great cheat. ^Yhen first cloth was made of 
this material fine long wool was worked up with it and very 
handsome looking mantles were made up out of shoddy — cloth. 
There was quite an excitement about "the latest novelty" in 
mantles, and as many merchants will get all they can for their 
goods, quite a fortune was made by some from the unsuspecting 
buyers. In this way ladies of distinction might be seen display- 
ing the "elegant mantles" made out of eld cloth that had found 
its way through the "rag merchants" and been metamorphosed 
[changed] into fine new garments, by the skilful ingenuity of 
man. 

In all ages and among all people, wool has engaged the at- 
tention of even the greatest potentates. It is so now. Emperors 
and princes lavish their favors upon those who are foremost in 
benefiting mankind by improving wool. Immense sums are 
expended in improving in manufacturing wool, also. The 
shawls of cashmere, the carpets of Turkey, fabrics made of the 
fine wools of Spain are all bought up readily at very high prices; 
shawls made at Paisley in Scotland are of great value — thou- 
sands of dollars are sometimes paid for one! In the history of 
ancient nations' we find "the blue and the purple and scarlet 
cloth with embroidered work" constantly a'luded to as an evi- 
dence of the wealth of the possessor; and even the highest 
dignitary of the proudest assembly in England, when presid- 
ing, is seated upon a sack of wool, a memento of days when 
wool was the chief source of wealth in that country. Who 
would not be kind to the sheep, as well, indeed, as to all do- 
mestic animals seeing that they are our friends and benefactors. 

Beth. 
(To be Continued.) 



If the young would remember that they may be old, and the 
old would remember that they have been young, the world 
would be happier. 




it 



JTJYE1TILE IUSTBTJOTOB 



47 



The following portion of the Biography of Joseph was writ- 
ten for the last number of the Juvenile Instructor; but, 
through an oversight, it was overlooked, and a portion of the 
Biography referring to subsequent events inserted in its stead. 
It is in reference to an interesting subject, and we insert it, 
though out of its place so far as date is concerned, in prefer- 
ence to omitting it altogether. 



IBojuajiliB* 



Joseph: smith. 

PE/OPHBT. 



THE 




XCITING events like these did not occu- 
py Joseph's mind to such an extent as to 
prevent bim from actively attending to the 
duties of his office. He had been accus- 
tomed to sail in a stormy sea, and difficul- 
ties did not appal him, or discompose his 
*>_ mind, or prevent him from magnifying his 
calling. On the 12th of July, 1843, he re- 
ceived that great and important revelation 
on Celestial Marriage, through which the 
greatest revolution in family organizations ever 
witnessed among men, of which we have any 
knowledge, has been effected among the Latter 
day Saints. The Lord had revealed this princi- 
ple to him before this date. But on this day he re- 
ceived the revelation which is now published. His 
brother Hyruui and Bro. William Clayton were with 
him when he received it; the latter was the scribe on 
the occasion. By this revelation a flood of light was 
thrown upon the principles of eternal life and exaltation, and 
the path which men must pursue to reach the presence of the 
Father and the Son, was pointed out in great plainness. For 
centuries these great truths had been unknown to the inhabi- 
tants of the earth. But they were again brought to their know- 
ledge. At this time it was necessary for the progress of the 
Kingdom of God that this heavenly and eternal principle should 
be revealed. But who could receive it? In a public discourse 
which he preached about this time Joseph mentioned the names 
of two or three elders who were on the stand behind him, and 
said that if he were to tell the things which God had revealed 
to him, they would openly seek his life in the streets of Nau- 
voo as the Jews did the life of Jesus. He knew how unpre- 
pared they were to receive the important truths which the Loid 
had revealed. 

It was as much as a man's life was worth in those days to 
say that God required His servants to believe in aud practise 
plural marriage. The idea was opposed to the traditions of 
ages, and the so called Christian world professed to be shocked 
at the bare mention of the principle; yet the Elders who have 
preached this doctrine since Joseph's day have found that cor- 
rupt, impure and dishonest men have bitterly opposed the 
doctrine and sought to destroy those who believe and practise 
it; but the virtuous and the honest have recognized its worth 
and acknowledged that, if practised according to the order re- 
vealed by the Lord, it would save the human family from many 
of the dreadful evils under which it now groans. 

The elders who were faithful had a testimony from God that 
Joseph was his servant. They knew that through him the 
Lord had revealed the gospel to them, and when he taught 
them the principle of celestial marriage they sought unto the > 



Lord, and he gave them a testimony that it was true. Such 
men were a great help to Joseph in those days; for many who 
had walked with him, he could not trust; they were disposed to 
turn away and betray him. While yet on his mission to Great 
Britain the Lord had prepared the mind of President Brigham 
Young for this principle, by revealing many points connected 
with it to him. In him Joseph found a steadfast and confiden- 
tial friend, and he was of great service to him. Ho was the 
president of the twelve apostles and the faithful members of 
his quorum were one with him in sustaining Joseph. 
(To be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



man wuiu, 



w> 



LITTLE WILLIE VISITS HIS UNCLE CHRISTOPHER. 



CHAPTER VII. 



AFTER breakfast Willie walked about a mile to the Railway 
Station, secured his ticket and took his seat in one of the 
cars. Soon after seating himself he heard a tremendously loud 
whistling noise, which was the signal for the train starting. 
Then the engine (sometimes called "Puffing Billy) began to 
breathe very lustily, and the train moved on, increasing its 
speed until Willie thought they were flying. 

Every few miles the train stopped at some station to receive 
passengers and allow others to leave the cars. Notwithstand- 
ing these stoppages, in a little over three hours they h; d travel- 
ed nearly a hundred miles. 

Willie left the cars at Partington station, traveled on foot 
about three miles, and gained his uncle's residence in time to 
have an hour's conversation aud take dinner with the family at 
1 p. m. 

Willie's cousins, Thomas, John William and Isabella were 
students at a high school at Pontefact, and only had a vacation 
at the close of each term of six months. They were now at 
home enjoying their half-yearly vacation of two weeks. Willie 
was glad to meet them, aud they were glad to meet Willie, and 
the prospect was that there were good times ahead. 

Willie and his cousin Thomas were about the same age, but 
Thomas, who was the eldest of his cousins, was better educated 
thau Willie, having completed a thorough mathematical course, 
and being able to speak five or six different languages. When 
Willie saw the accomplishments of his cousin he could hardly 
help wishing that his parents had been able to give him so lib- 
eral an education. He determined to make good use of this 
visit, and therefore he requested his cousin to accept him as his 
pupil during the vacation. Thomas consented, and Willie en- 
tered upon his studies at once. 

Willie felt, that this was a golden opportunity for him, and 
therefore he endeavored to carry out strictly all the instructions 
of his young teacher. After studying hard for awhile Willie 
and his three cousins would take a stroll through the fields, 
gather flowers and study botany from the great book of nature. 

After Willie had been there a few days it was proposed that 
he and Thomas should go down into the pit at Black Boy Col- 
liery and see the men at work. This was agreed upon. The 
day for them to go down into the pit arrived. Ihe boys arose 
about four o'clock in the morning. Each dressed himself in 
au old suit of clothes, despatched a hasty breakfast, and then 



r >>. 



<? 




O-^ -±8 



JTJTElsriLE I1TSTBTJCTOB. 



*4i 



they reported themselves ready. Willie's uncle Christopher, 
who hud procured them the privilege of visiting the colliery 
works, placed them in charge of a gentleman who was an over- 
seer in the hottom of the pit. They repaired to the colliery. 
Here was a large engine and strong ropes which were used to 
draw coals out of the pit. Willie looked over the pit side, It 
almost made l.jUt cizzy, for it was three hundredand sixty feet 
deep. 

It was now time for them to step on to the platform and 
await the signal for descending. The signal was given and 
down they went at a very rapid rate. Soon they reached the 
bottom. Here they entered a cabin and a very stiange sight 
met their view. About thirty colliers were seaed in the cabin. 
Their faces were very black, teeth white, lips red, and their eyes 
shone like stars. Each collier had a piece of clay in his hand, 
and a candle stuck in it. The guide now furnished Willie and 
Thomas a cancj.e and a piece of clay each. 

Then th y left the cabin. Horses were traveling in various 
directions. About fifty of them were employed in this pit. 
Some of the horses were very large and some of them were 
very small. The small ones are used in low passages to convty 
cars of coals to the main tracks, and irom there large horses 
would pull them to the mouth of the pit. Ei 6 ht hundred tons 
of coal were drawn daily out of this pit. 

The guide now led them along a passage that was very high. 
'J here was a large rope, also some wires, stretched along this 
passage. Willie thought that the wires resembled a telegraph 
line. He had seen railroads and telegraph lines above ground, 
but never had dreamed that they could be found iu the bowels 
of the earth, away down so far below the surface. 

While Willie was wondering about what he saw around him 
a slight noise proceeded from the wires, and the guide exclaim- 
ed "'ah! they are telegraphing from the junction. We must get 
out of the way; the errs are coming." All stepped to one side 
to wait for their passing. The guide's last remarks astonished 
Willie. "What did you say, sir?" inquired Willie, "is there a 
railroad and a telegraph line down kere?" "Yes," responded 
the guide, "there is both a railroad and a telegraph here." 

Willie. — "How long are they, sir?" 

Guide. — "The telegraph line is a mile long. This incline 
track is the same length; both extend from the junction to the 
mouth of the pit." 

Willie. — "What is the junction, sir?" 

Guide. — "It is a point to which cars loaded with coals are 
brought from various directions, and that rope there" pointing 
at the one stretched along the passage, "extends from thejunc 
tion to the mouth of the pit. At thejunction it runs around a 
large druus. When a sufficient number of loaded cars have 
been collected, the end of the rope at the junction is attached 
to them. When all is ready they telegraph to the mouth of the 
pit. Then those who are there fasten their end of the rope to 
a large number of empty cars, and the loaded cars draw up the 
empty ones." 

Before this explanation was concluded the noise from the 
passing cars interrupted the conversation. Willie and Thomas 
raised their candles to a favorable position so that they could 
have a good look at them. After the cars had gone past, their 
guide led the way to the junction. There was the large drum 
around which the rope was extended that was fastened to the 
cars, and team, were continually arriving with loaded cars, and 
returning with empty ones. The teamsters seemed content 
down in their dark abiding places, and could sing and whist'e 
in a most vigorous manner. They appeared as cheorful as the 
lark in the morning of spring when he rises to mingle with the 
clouds, and pour forth his matchless song in nature's thrilling 
strains, teaching the world a lesson on gratitude in the heart- 



fe't welcome that ho gives the first appearance ot the sun's 

bright rays. Wat W. B. 

( To be Continued ) 




For tlie Juvenile Instructor. 



9 



TO THE 



Irigittat , 3j?0*1*8* 



to 



WHIS IF-E zr/thstg- s 
X^TIZSTG OZEUXjID. 



Darling, we are waiting lor thee, 

Hasten, now: 
Go with us, where wreaths are twining 

For thy brow. 

In the innocence of childhood, 

'1'Uou wilt be 
Hail'd with gentle shouts of welcome, 

And of glee. 

Joyous cherubs wait thy corning 

Up above; 
Keady now to crown and bless thee, 

With their love. 

Loved one, haste — delay no longer — 

With u.s go 
From a clime lhat intermingles 

Joy aud woe. 

Go with us to heav'nly arbors, 

Dejk d with llow'rs; 
Where ambrosial fragrance, streaming, 

Fills the bow'rs. 

Tcou art pure— by earth's corruptions 

Undeliled: 
From tiie ills of life, we'll take thee, 

Sinless child. 

Friends will mourn, but this bereavement 

They'll endure; 
Knowing that their cherished darling 

Is secure. 

Like a rosebud yet unopen'd, 

Thou shalt bloom; 
Where no blight shall mar thy freshness, 

Aud per.unie. 

Child, we're waiting now to bear thee 

To our home, 
Full of lite— of love and beauty, 

Darling, come. E. 



K. S. 



A life of idleness is not a life of pleasure. Only the active 
and the useful are happy. The most miserable are those who 
have nothing to do. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum •••> 
/Single Copy, for Six Months* 



poo 

150 



*3- It is expected where agents forward names they will be responsible 
for the papers thus ordered; and when Cash payments are made, they will 
please forward them with the letter containing the names of the subscribers. 

&£• Elder Wm. II. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent for 
Cache valley. 

«#- Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will bo 
received at ike oSicc of our paper— Desekjst News Buildings. 



® 



•^ 




