
nlfat&s U t\t ITort! 






VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, FEBKUARY 17, 1872. 



NO. 4. 



JOSEPH PROCLAIMED RT7LBR. 



LOOK at the picture, it is an exciting one. The people are 
evidently full of life and merriment. You can tell that by 
the instruments of music — the trumpets, dulcimers, cymbals 
and horns they are playing. The children are scattering flowers 
in the path, and on every hand they seem to be rejoicing, and 
are endeavoring to show honor and respect to the new gov- 
ernor of the land. It is a great day for Egypt and the 
Egyptians, for King Pharaoh has proclaimed Joseph, the son 
of the Patriarch Jacob ruler of the land. 



constant companion, a great share of the influence of the Holy 
Spirit, and seemed to delight in being good and obedient. 
Jacob was a faithful servant of God, and seeing the devotional 
turn of mind which his son Joseph possessed, and the gift of 
inspiration which he enjoyed, he loved him more fondly than 
any other of his children, and as a mark of his fondness he made 
him a beautiful coat, called in the Bible a coat of many colors. 
The rest of the boys could see this partiality of their father for 
Joseph, and, just like most of you would do in such a case, they 




There is not one of you, we should think, that has not read this 
beautiful Bible story ; if there is, turn to the book of Genesis, 
and read it, for it is one of the most simple and touching that 
was ever written and printed, and the best of it is, it is true. 

Joseph was the eleventh son of Jacob, and he seems to have 
been a remarkable youth. In his early years we read of him 
having inspired dreams, and he, without doubt, enjoyed, as his 



got jealous of Joseph, and in time got to hate him. Tins was 
a very bad thiug for them to do, but it was contrary to human 
nature to expect anything else. If any of you had a brother or 
a sister whom your parents petted on every occasion, and 
treated with far more kindness than they treated you, you 
would not feel very well over it, neither did the brothers of 
Joseph • and, to make the matter worse, Joseph had some very 



£ 



*Mg^ 




«T TJ "V IE 1ST I L IE IUSTETJCTOR, 



^ 



curious dreanis, which lie told to his brethren, aud they hated 
him all the more for this, for the dreams seemed to point to a 
time when Joseph would be very great and they would have to 
bow down to him. You will find these dreams in the thirty- 
seventh chapter of Genesis. 

One day, the Bible tells us, when Joseph's brothers were all 
herding their flocks in the field, Jacob sent Joseph to sec 
if all was well with them aud their flocks; and when 
they saw Joseph coming to them their ill-will was so strong 
that some of them proposed that they should kill him. This 
was opposed by Keuben, one of the brothers, who, although he 
perhaps disliked Joseph as much as the others, disliked more 
to kill him. Instead -of killing him he said "let us cast him into 
a deep pit." Reuben proposed this, that he might, afterwards, 
when the rest of his brothers had turned their backs, take 
Joseph out of the pit and let him go home again. Reuben's 
plan was adrpted, and the poor boy, when he reached them and 
inquired kindly after their welfare, was roughly used, and 
thrown down the pit. This might have scared him some, but 
it would not hurt him badly ; but the brothers had not yet satis- 
fied their bad feelings towards Joseph, and unfortunately, as it 
then seemed, for Joseph, his brother Eeuben left the company 
for some purpose, and while he was absent there came along a 
band of traders, who were on their way to Egypt, and Judah, 
one of Joseph's most cruel brothers, proposed to the rest that 
they should lift the boy from the pit, and sell him to the 
traders for a slave. This was agreed to, and a bargain was 
made and Joseph sent along with the strangers as a slave into 
Egypt. 

Before he left, however, his very unbrotherly brothers took 
from him his coat of many colors, which they dipped in the 
blood of an animal they killed, and took it home to the old gen- 
tleman, their father, and told him they had found it, and made 
their father believe that his dearly-beloved boy Joseph had 
been killed by wild beasts. This almost broke Jacob's heart, and 
he mourned for Joseph a long time, believing him to be dead. 
What a cruel thing this was ! You can scarcely think of anything 
worse. It was worthy only of savages, aud Joseph's brothers, 
as far as this act was concerned, were worse than savages, 
they were murderers in their hearts, and it is doubtful whether 
savages would act as badly to their own brother as they did. 
But inhuman as their action was towards Jacob and Joseph, it 
was so overrul id by the Almighty, that in after years, while it 
caused the hearts of these men to be burdened with great sor- 
row, it resulted in their temporal salvation, and in the regal 
grandeur and greatness of Joseph. 

Joseph, was taken by the traders to Egypt, and was sold by 
them to oue of the officers of the king. While this man's slave, 
Joseph offended his owner's wife, and was thrown into prison. 
Soon after this the king's chief butler and chief baker were also 
cast into prison, and Joseph was appointed to wait on them. 
The.se men had dreams which troubled them, and Joseph gave 
them the interpretation, and that interpretation came to pass 
just as he had given it. Tor a full account of these dreams read 
the forr i th chapter of Genesis. 

Soon after this, King Pharaoh had two very singular dreams, 
which he desired to have explained, and having heard of the 
power of the young Hebrew to interpret dreams, Joseph was 
sent for to give, if he could, the interpretation of the king's 
dreams. Being inspired of Heaven. Joseph interpreted the 
king's dreams also, the interpretation foretelling that, in the 
land of Egypt, there were going to be seven years of great 
plenty, to be followed by seven years of famine. If you wish 
to know more about these dreams you can read them in the 
forty-first chapter of I lenesis. 

Just as Joseph interpreted, SO it came to pass, and throughout 
all Egypt there were seven years of groat plenty, wonderful 
harvests of grain, and every product of the earth useful to man. 
Joseph advised the king to lay up stores in every part of Egypl 



during these years of plenty, that there might be food in the 
land for the people in the years when the famine prevailed. 
The king took Joseph's advice, aud he appointed him to look 
after the storing of the food, and also made him ruler over all 
the land of Egypt, and our engraving represents the rejoicings 
of the people when this took place. 

So far you see, Joseph's seeming misfortune, in bsing sold as 
a slave, resulted in good to hiui, for he was now a great aud 
mighty man, and second only to King Pharaoh. For further 
particulars, of this most interesting portion of Bible history, 
how Joseph's brethren, those who had illtreated him and sold 
him as a slave, had to come from their own country, where the 
famine also prevailed, to Egypt, and had to seek Joseph's 
presence, not knowing that he was their brother, how they had 
to bow down to him, and do him reverence, fulfilling to the very 
letter the dreams for which they had hated him so badly; how 
he put some of them in prison until they brought Jacob, and 
their youngest brother Benjamin down to Egypt; and how, 
finally, he made himself known to them, and they all wept and 
rejoiced together, and became fully reconciled to each other, 
read the whole history as given in the Bible, for it is written in 
very simple language, and is one of the most remarkable and 
beautiful histories ever printed. 

TIEUE STOBT OIF AT^LETST- 
TI1TE ZDTJVJ^ILj. 



FROM CHAMBERS' MISCELLANY 



(Continued.) 



"w*: 



n. 



HAT, Valentine ! is it because you are not hungry that 
you have not eaten your supper?" said Maclarc per- 
ceiving that the boy had hidden on a shelf the portion of bread 
and cheese which his wife had given him for supper. 

"Pardon me, master," replied Valentine, coufuscd at being 
detected; "but" — 

"I see that you do not like cheese," replied the farmer 
roughly; "for a care-taker of turkeys, you are very particular." 

"Oh, master," said Valentine, getting more and more con- 
fused, ''you must not believe" — 

"What one sees — is that it?" said the wife. "I did not 
wish to be the first to make an observation ; but since my good 
man has seen you, why, then, I must speak. Valentine is 
squeamish, and requires to be pampered. It is no use to tell 
me that you are not so, Valentine ! During the two years that 
you have been in our service, every time I have given you for 
your supper, instead of soup, either cheese, bacon, or butter, I 
have seen you lay it aside — to feed your turkeys, I think. I do 
not wish to say more, Valentine ; but as it is so much loss to 
me, since you did not like cheese, you might have returned it to 
me, and eaten dry bread." 

"But I do like it, mistress; and I pray you not to mistake 
me — do not be angry with me. 1 wish to eat it ; but" — 

And Valentine, willing to prove what he had said to be 
true, mounted on a chair to reach the shelf where ho had 
placed the remains of his supper; but in his anxiety to do so, 
the chair fell, bringing the boy with it. 

"There, you have nearly broken your neck! I do not wish 
you to be standing on the chairs," said the farmer's wifj 
petulantly. "Stay, and I shall give you the cheese myself." 

Speaking thus, she put her hand upon the shelf, and took the 
first thing she found — it was an apple. 

"Well, well, who could have placed this here?" Not 
attaching much importance to it, she a second time put up her 
hand, and brought bown a piece of bacon. "I wonder what 
next? The shelf is surely bewitched I" But her astonishment 
was indeed great when, reaching up for the third time, she 



<«& 



at 



h 



J" TJ V IE IN" I L B IUSTBUCTOB. 



S7 



seized tlie leg of a boiled fowl, and, turning her eyes towards 
Valentine, she saw that he was weeping. 
xg&, "Oh mother, mother!" cried he in a voice broken by 

sobs. 

"Will you tell me what this means?" said she, still searching 
on the shelf. "I am not much surprised at your dislike to the 
cheese or the bacon, but the fowl — such a nice piece of a pullet 
as this — if you had stolen these things to eat, I should say 
nothing; but to steal for the sole purpose of concealing them ! 
Again — another apple, some more cheese, and a pot of butter, 
and crusts upon crusts : as sure as my name is Jacqueline, here 
are provisions enough to feed a regiment 1 

"Steal 1" repeated Valentine, his grief changed into indigna- 
tion ; "and do you suppose I stole these tilings, mistress?" 

"They were not placed on the shelf without hands," observed 
Maclare, looking at Valentine with severity. 

"I placed them there," said Valentine. 

"Why did you place them there ?" asked Jacqueline. 

"I will tell you all, mistress," said "Valentine, "lest you 
should suppose that I have acted wrong." 

''That is right, my boy; be frank," said Maclare ; "to avow 
a fault is half the pardon." 

"Alas, master," said Valentine, throwing a wistful glance at 
the provisions which Jacqueline had placed on the table after 
taking them from the shelf, "if you suppose that I do not like 
the cheese, nor the fowl, nor the butter, but particularly the 
fowl, you are indeed mistaken ; but if you had a mother and 
four brothers who were hungry, and who had but a morsel of 
dry bread to eat each day, would you not have a bad heart if 
you could refuse to share these good and nourishing things with 
them? Well, it is to give them to my mother that I have kept 
them out of my own supper." 

"Poor child I and so you have deprived yourself of your sup- 
per to give it to 3'our mother?" 

"Oh, it was no hardship, Madame Jacqueline, if you knew 
how happy and contented I felt when I placed something addi- 
tional on the shelf. 'This bacon will be for my mother,' I said, 
'and this apple will be a treat to Paul ; and then James, who 
loves butter, will have some on his bread;" then, when the 
Sunday comes — for, as you wish me not to go out during the 
week, I never do, and I never see them but on Sunday — when 
you are gone to the dance, and I am left alone, how happy 1 
feel when I take all that I have saved during the week, and, 
putting them in a basket, return home. Oh to see the joy that 
my coming always brings 1 and then they all crowd around me. 
'What have you brought, Valentine ? Oh how happy you must 
be to regale yourself all day on good things like these !' The 
poor little fellows do not know how they have been obtained, 
and I often wish that I could carry them more. My mother 
sometimes — my poor mother ! — says to me : 'Are you not 
depriving yourself to give to us, Valentine?" but I say: 'No, 
mother, indeed I am not;' and I tell the truth." 

''You are a brave fellow, Valentine," said Maclare, taking 
the boy's two hands in his; ''you are a good son and a kind 
brother, and be assured that God will love you for it. But I do 
not wish that you should lose your supper, do you understand ? 
at your age it is right to eat. You must eat to get strong, and 
grow big. Wife, you can add the remainder of the turkey we 
had for dinner to the provisions for the poor widow ; and, do 
you hear, you may as well give a crock of butter to Valentine to 
take with him ; and, wife, the weather is cold enough to freeze 
a wolf, and this child must not suffer ; you know the vest which 
I have not worn this long time — give it to him, and his mother 
can alter it for him." 

"Is it the red vest, Maclare?'' asked Jacqueline, who had 
already placed the things indicated by her husband amongst 
Valentine's provisions. 

"The red vest! — to frighten my turkeys! No, no ; the blue 
one," said Maclare. 



"Those are all stories, are they not, master, that red will fright- 
en turkeys?" asked Valentine, all his good-humor returning. 

"Stories 1 Certainly not, my boy." 

"It is true, then. Explain that to me, master." 

"He is a queer child," said Jacqueline, laughing ; "he wishes 
to have everything explained to him — he must know the why 
and wherefore of whatever he sees. This summer he destroyed 
my best apple-toaster that he might examine the heavens and 
yesterday he thought to poison himself with some herbs which 
he had boiled to find out their virtue. Red frightens turkeys 
because it frightens them : there is no other cause than that." 

"But that is not a reason, Dame Jacqueline; wJ/y are they 
afraid of red?" 

''You do not understand that my wife wishes to say that they 
are afraid of red — therefore they are afraid," said Maclare. 
"Why there is no other reason; be satisfied with our explana- 
tion." 

"But answer me one question — only one, master: when a 
person is afraid of anything — when you are afraid — you know 
why." 

"That is because I am a man, and I have reason, Valentine ; 
but the turkeys are afraid without knowing why." 

"'Tis very strange," said Valentine, "not to know why 
turkeys have such a fear of red; but added he, speaking to 
himself, "I shall know before long, no matter what master 
says." 

The next morning his thoughts were still engaged in rumin- 
ating on the previous evening's conversation; and he never 
ceased until he had procured a piece of red cloth, which he hid 
inside his coat ; then driving the turkeys before him, he reached 
the border of the pond where it was usual for him to remain 
with them each day. Waiting until the hour had arrived at 
which the inhabitants of Anthenay went to chapel, leaviug him 
at liberty to make his experiments without being perceived, he 
commenced his operation 1 ?. He chose the finest of the turkeys, 
and having attached the piece of red cloth to its neck, he let go 
the bird, and, quietly folding his arms, watched the result. 
( To he continued. ) 




How Lithography was Discovered.— The art of printing 
on stone, or lithography, was invented by a German named 
Sennefelder. The case is only another instance of what a 
thinking man does, where ordinary people march blunderingly 
on, never seeing what is of great advantage to the world, and 
contains their own fortune. 

The tradition runs, that Sennefelder' s mother, a poor washer- 
woman, told him to keep an account of the pieces that she 
washed. Poverty made paper scarce in the family, and the 
young man, trying to contrive some substance on which to make 
the record, traced some letters upon the smooth surface of a 
stone lying near. It was soft enough to be easily scratched by 
a sharp metal point, and hard enough to retain the impression. 
So on that stone his accounts were kept. But Sennefelder was 
not a dunce. He knew of printing and how it was done. The 
idea soon followed, that this stone might be used for taking 
impressions as well as wood or metal. The notion once fully 
cociceived, he worked faithfully to make it a hard fact, and, 
after a lifetime of experimenting, he saw his cherished invention 
almost perfected. When he was seventy-five years old, he, with 
his own hand, produced a work nearly equal to anything ever 
seen in lithography. He lived several years after that, and the 
hundredth anniversary of his birth was celebrated in both 
Europe and America, on the 8th of November, 1871. 

The stone used for lithographing is remarkable for its absorp- 
tive powers and affinity for all greasy substances, which give it 
its great value. It is found only in Bohemia, Germany, though 
an inferior article has been found among the mountains of 
Kentucky. 



£ 



Af 



5 



♦^ 28 



JTJTE1TILE INSTBTJCTOE-, 



V » 



®|$ iufuttilt ittsfeucfutu 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

satueday, febeuary it, 1872. 
editorial tzhzotjo-ieits. 




GOOD many of the readers of this paper 
have no doubt heard of the recent visit to 
Salt Lake City, of the Japanese Em- 
bassy, consisting of some of the highest 
dignitaries of that distant, powerful and 
populous empire. This distinguished 
company of gentlemen, including princes, 
generals, judges &c., was sent from their 
native country by the Japanese government 
for the sole purpose of visiting the United 
States and the nations of Europe, that they 
might learn something about the customs, man- 
ners, arts, sciences, schools, government &c in 
what are called the civilized nations of the world. 
The importance of such a mission can not be 
over-estimated, and the expectation is that it will 
result in a large increase of friendly feeling and inter- 
course between the nations of the East and West, or 
Pagandom and Christendom. The nations of the 
West have long desired this, but the nations of the 
East, such as Japan, China, &c, have always, until 
very recently, done all in their power to prevent it, and to 
maintain the seclusiou and isolation they have kept up for so 
many centuries. The example now being set by Japan, in 
extending the hand of friendship to, and seeking the fellowship 
of, the nations, will certainly have great influence in breaking 
down the barriers of ages, and it may be safely asserted that 
the period of isolation between the East and the West is pass- 
ing away for ever. 

However great the importance that others may attach to this 
movement, it possesses a deeper significance to the members of 
the Church oi Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints than it possibly 
can to any other class, for in it they see nothing less than the 
working of the Almighty, preparing the way for the accomplish- 
ment of His purposes and the spread of His gospel. 

The revelations given to the Church since the rise of the 
Prophet Joseph Smith have declared that the gospel of the 
Kingdom shall be preached to every nation, kindred, tongue 
and people, before the end shall come. You have all heard 
this declaration repeatedly made, and most or all of you know 
that the Elders of the Church, for the last thirty or forty years, 
have been engaged in preaching this gospel to the nations and 
gathering those who obeyed it home to Zion. Their labors, 
however, during that time, have been confined chiefly to what 
are termed civilized nations — the United States and the nations 
of Europe. They have labored some little in the East Indies 
among the Hindoos, and on some of the " islands of the sea," 
such as the Sandwich Islands, Society Islands, and it may be 
on some others. But as a general thing the Pagan or unchristian 
nations, and they comprise the very great majority of the 
inhabitants of the earth, are still in utter ignorance of the gos- 
pel of Jesus Christ and its restoration in these last days. 

The entire globe is supposed to contain about twelve hundred 
millions of people, and of this vast number the nations of 
Europe and America do not include probably more than three 
hundred and fifty millions. The immense continent of Africa 
is thinly populated, hence the most populous nations are in Asia. 



*s 




One of these nations alone, we mean China, is said to contain 
fully one-third of the entire population of the world. India 
also contains about one-sixth of the world's population; Japan 
and other nations of Asia are also very populous, and altogether 
it is perhaps safe to say that the nations of Asia contain very 
nearly two-thirds, or between seven and eight hundred of the 
twelve hundred millions, now supposed to inhabit the globe. 

In preaching the gospel among the civilized nations the 
Elders have had very many hardships to endure, arising not 
only from the prejudice and ignorance of the people, but also 
from the tyranny of their rulers ; but in all Christian nations 
the traditions of the people, so far as their belief in the Scrip- 
tures is concerned, have been favorable to the successful spread 
of the gospel in their midst, for every principle advanced by the 
Elders in their teachings were also to be found in the Bible or 
New Testament. 

But in Eastern nations the circumstances are very different. 
Jealousy and dislike of Christians run very high in most of 
them ; and, worse still, the people neither believe in Jesus as 
the Savior of mankind, nor iu the Bible or New Testament as 
containing the plan of salvation. They have religious systems 
aud books which centuries of tradition and false teaching have 
rendered as sacred to them as the Bible possibly can be to any 
Christian ; hence it will be seen that however great the diffi- 
culties the Elders have encountered in Christian nations, they 
are nothing in comparison with those which it is reasonable to 
expect would be met with if they were preaching in Pagan 
lands; and, the fact is, that in those lands the power of tradi- 
tion, tyranny and prejudice is so strong that any effort to preach 
the gospel hitherto has seemed utterly hopeless. 

But the clouds are dispersing, and the bow of promise is 
beginning to shine even in the strongholds of Paganism and 
heathendom. In the East Indies, among the millions of the 
disiples of Bramah, Vishnu, Juggernaut and other fabulous 
deities and idols of India, the leaven of free-thought is working, 
and the bands of tradition are being broken. The Empire of 
Japan, the most intelligent of the Eastern lands, is extending 
the hand of fellowship, opening the doors to and inviting the 
Western nations to visit her. The Spirit and power of God 
are working; the way is surely being prepared for the spread 
of the gospel of the Kingdom among the millions of idol wor- 
shippers in those for off countries; and it is perhaps not 
hazarding too much to say that the visit of the Japanese 
Embassy to Salt Lake, and the principal cities of the United 
States, is the fore-runner of measures which may, at some 
future day, be the cause of some of the youth who read this 
article being sent as missionaries to Japan. 



IC IE IE IP . 



Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 
Keep 



to the right, the law directs, 
from the world thy friend's defects, 
all thy thoughts on purest themes, 
from thine eyes the motes and beams 
true thy deeds, thy honor bright, 
firm thy faith in God and right, 
free from every sin and stain, 
from the ways that tiring thee pain. 
free thy tongue from words of ill, 
right thy aim, and good thy will, 
all thy acts from passion free, 
6tron;r in hope, nor env'ous he. 
watchful care o'er tongue and hand, 
firm thy feet, by justice stand, 
true thy word, a sacred thing, 
from the snares the tempter brings, 
faith with each you call a friend, 
full in view the final end. 
from all hate and malice free, 
strong the love of liberty, 
linn thy courage, bold and strong, 
up the right) keep down the wrong, 
well the words of wisdom's school, 
warm by night, by day keep cool. 



l£3^ 





3L 



JTT-y-B]3Sri r,B I1TSTBTJOTOE. 



29 



B .A.IB YL O 1ST. 



BABYLON! what _ memories the mention of that name 
awakens in the mind of the student of the Bible. Famed in 
sacred and uninspired history is the city of Babylon or rather 
what was once the city of Babylon, for now there 'is nothing 
but a few mounds to tell where it stood. The city of Babylon 
was the capital of the kingdom over which Nebuchadnezzar 
ruled. It was in Babylon that the Prophet Daniel interpreted 
that famous dream, in which was shown the rise of the 
various great powers that should successively hold dominion on 
earth, until finally they should all disappear and give place 
to the "Little stone, cut out .of the mountains without hands" 
—namely the Kingdom of God which, we are assured in the 
Bible, shall stand for ever, and of which the boys and girls 
of Utah form a part. It was in Babylon that the "Hebrew 
Children" — Shadrach, Meshach, aud Abednego, were cast into 
the burning, fiery furnace because they refused to fall down 
and worship the golden image set up by the king, and were 
preserved by the miraculous power of God. It was in that 
same Babylon that the Prophet Daniel was cast into the den 
of lions because he refused to cease praying to his God when 
the king commanded it. In Babylon, too, the famous hanging 
gardens, which have always been considered among the wonders 
of the world, were 
built by Nebuchad- 
nezzar, to please his 

wife, so you see that 
Babylon was once 

famous and renowned, 

and a short sketch of 

its history will, we 

have no doubt, prove 

very interesting to the 

readers of the Juven- 
ile Instructor. 
One or two numbers 

back you had a short 

account of the Tower 

of Babel, in which 

you were told that it 

was believed to be 

the first great work 

attempted by the hu- 
man family after the 

flood, and that is now 



about four thousand years since 




this wall there were towers, for the defense of the city. Around 
the whole of the city there was a deep ditch and risin- level 
with the side of the ditch, a very strong wall enclosed the 
I entire city. The height from the bottom of the ditch to the 
top of the wall was three hundred and fifty feet. The thick- 
ness of the wall at the bottom was twenty-nine yards- at the 
top the wall was thick enough to let four-horse carriages 
pass each other. On each side of the wall surrounding the 
city were twenty-five brass gates, by which the people could 
enter or leave.. Within, the city was laid out in squares 
the whole number of the latter being six hundred and 
seventy-six, each containing twenty-eight thousand square 
rods. To help you to form some idea of the size of these 
squares we will say that each of the blocks or squares in the 
greater part of Salt Lake City contains two hundred square 
rods, and each block or square in the city of Babylon was 
a hundred and forty times larger than those of Salt Lake 
City. 

_ The palace of King Nebuchadnezzar was the largest building 
in that great city, and perhaps the largest ever built in the 
world. No building in America is anything to be compared 
with it for size, for it was six miles round. This palace was in 

the eastern part of 
the city; it was sur- 
rounded by walls, and 
entrance fioni the city 
was obtained by three 
brass gates. 

The hanging gar- 
dens attached to the 
palace were the most 
wonderful gardens 
ever seen. Informing 
them an artificial 
mountain four hun- 
dred fe»t high was 
first raised; on the 
sides of this mountain 
terraces, one above the 
other, resting on 
piers, reached from 
the bottom to the top; 
and on these terraces 




the choicest flowers 
Well, the city of Babylon I and fruits, and the tallest trees were cultivated and grown A 
was near the Tower of Babel and was commenced about the I wall twenty-two feet thick surrounded the gardens, and water 
same time ; but when the confusion of languages took place, the : to irrigate them was raised by machinery from the Euphrates 
people scattered and Babylon was all but deserted, or at least j Thus you see that Babylon was a wonderful city, and you can- 
it did not become a great and noted city until about sixteen ' not be surprised that Nebuchadnezzar, the king should say ■ 
hundred yearsafter, at which time Nebuchadnezzar was king, j "Is not this great Babylon that I have built for 'the house of 
and dunng his reign it reached the highest point of its i the kingdom, by the might of my power and for the honor of 
grandeur. The land upon which this city stood was fifteen [ my majesty?" 

miles square, so you see it was a very large city, much [ But the pride of this vaic-glorious monarch was soon after 
larger than the city of London, in England, which is considered ! humbled, for we are told that'he was deprived of reason and 
the largest city in the world. The river, called in the Bible, j was driven forth into the field, and fed on grass like the beasts. 
"the great river Euphrates," flowed through the city of After his death his son Belshazzar reigned. He was so wicked 
Babylon, diagonally. Do you know the meaning of the word ' that during his reign the kingdom was taken from him by the 
diagonally? If not I will try and explain it to you. You Medes aud Persians. This occurred five hundred and thirty- 



have already learned that the ground on which Babylon stood 
was a square, each side of which was fifteen miles long. The 
river ran through the city, dividing it in halves, each half 



eight years before Christ, and from that time the glory 
and splendor of Babylon declined, and to-day, nothing but a 
few mounds of large size mark the place on which it 



having three sides. If you take a slate and draw a square aud : stood. In these mounds travelers have at 



from any two of the opposite corners draw a line dividing your 
square into two parts, each part having three sides, the line will 
cross the square diagonally. 

On each bank of the river, for its whole length through the 
city, a wall was built, and at regular distances on the top of 



various times 



made explorations, and have found bricks, remains of 
pottery, ornaments worn by ladies, skeletons, and other relics 
of the long-forgotten past, showing that at some very remote 
period where the mounds now stand was the site of a 
city; but out of the material composing the city of Babylon, 



-fe*u 




£ 



30 



CTTJ"VElsriI-.E INSTRTJOTOB. 



after it had fallen to ruin, were built the four large cities of 
Seleneia, Ctesiphon, Al Maidan and Koofa, which are still in 
existence. 



H T S T O IR, Y O IF 
O H XJ zr, O HI . 

(Continued.) 



THE 



THE determined course taken by J. B. Backenstos, Sheriff 
of Hancock county, had the effect of producing fear among 
the mob. Not only those of Carthage for whom he held writs, 
but also many guilty ones in other places, fled from the county 
and State with all possible haste. 

While awaiting a reply to his communication to the assem- 
bled mob, the Sheriff directed his men at Carthage to collect 
from the citizens of that place all arms, ammunition, etc., 
belonging to the State, in their possession. While they were 
thus engaged an incident occurred, which we relate, as it shows 
that the Sheriff was a man of justice and fine feelings: Two of 
the men collecting the arms either misunderstood or wilfully 
acted in opposition to his order, by taking possession of three 
guns, the private property of individuals; one man also quar- 
reled with a lady and used ungentlemanly language in her 
presence. For their conduct, the Sheriff ordered these men 
under arrest, placed a guard over them and sent them home in 
disgrace, while the guns were returned to their owners. 

On the :20th of September four citizens of Macomb, the 
capital of McDonough county, 111., arrived at Nauvoo as a 
committee from their city to ascertain whether the Latter- 
day Saints still intended to leave the State in the Spring, 
according to their former proposition to the mob under com- 
mand of Levi Williams. They were replied to by the First 
Presidency of the Church, who met in council, to the effect 
that the Saints were under no obligation to leave, according to 
the stipulations of that proposition, as the terms of it were not 
acceded to by the mobbing party; still, they would not hesitate 
to leave, as proposed, if the people of the surrounding counties 
would by their influence assist them in disposing of their prop- 
erty, and staying the unwarranted and vexatious lawsuits, 
which were continually being biought against them. If the 
Saints could have the assurance of peace for a short time, they 
would devote their time to preparing to remove, and they 
would not only leave the State, but remove so far away that 
their peculiar religious tenets need not furnish the people of 
Illinois any pretext for further complaint. They stated, also, 
that they were willing to buy out the citizens who were opposed 
to them, if that would suit them, and the Saints and their 
friends could be left in full and peaceable possession of the 
county. A. W. Babbitt, Daniel H. Wells and E. A. Bedell 
were then appointed a committee to return home with those 
from Macomb, and confer with the citizens of that place in 
regard to the terms proposed. 

After waiting from the 18th to the 20th for a reply from the 
assembled mob commanded by Levi Williams, the Sheriff and 
a part of his force started for the place where they were en- 
camped, determined to arrest or rout them. They had not 
proceeded far, however, when they learned that the whole 
force of the mob had fled and crossed the Mississippi to Missouri. 

Since the party engaged in burning property at Bear Creek 
were fired upon, no cases of house-burning had occurred; yet it 
was evident that the mob were not content with what they 
had done, for they were reported in different parts, tryiug to 
rally their forces to commit further outrages. 

On the 2:jrd, fifteen of the leading Elders of the Church 
were summoned to appear at Carthage for trial on the charge of 
treason. The next day they proceeded to Carthage, accompan- 
ied by President Young and others. The witness against 
them, on whose testimony the warrant was issued, was a Dr. 




Backman, who, on being sworn in court, stated that he was not 
acquainted with the prisoners, and that he, personally, knew 
nothiug against them; but that he made affidavit on the strength 
of the rumors in circulation, and that he believed them guilty. 
It was clearly evident that there was no foundation for the 
charge, except in rumor, and the prisoners were discharged. 
This is a fair sample of the charges for arrest and trial by which 
the Saints were being continually harassed. A person, as in 
this case, totally unacquainted with the men against whom he 
made oath, except by false rumors, believed that they were 
guilty of treason, and on his making affidavit to this effect, 
fifteen of them must be arrested and appear for trial. 

While at Carthage, the party visited the jail, the scene of 
the late martyrdom of the Prophel and Patriarch. The stains 
of blood, yet fresh on the floor, where Hyrum Smith fell and 
breathed his last, told a solemn tale of that most cruel tragedy 
which had robbed a people of the leaders whom God had 
chosen, and a nation of two of the noblest men and best citizens 
that ever lived. Thsre, too, were the bullet holes in the wall, 
showing the wicked strife which had attended the shedding of 
the blood of the Lord's anointed. Carthage now wore a deso- 
late aspect, many of the inhabitants having removed to other 
parts. The scene within and without the jail must have been 
extremely gloomy to those men as they there contemplated the 
acts of their relentless enemies, who not content with slaying 
those men who were dearer to them than their own lives, now 
sought to kill them also. 

The committee sent to Macomb to attend the meeting of the 
citizens of that place, returned without accomplishing much. 
On their arrival there they found the people excited and hostile 
in the extreme. They were threatened with violence until it 
was not considered prudent for them to venture out of doors. 
Such was the feeling of animosity, towards, not only the Saints, 
but also those who were thought to favor them; for two of the 
members of this committee — Daniel H. Wells and E. A. Bedell 
— were not at that time connected with the Church. They 
were unable to confer with the people in mass meeting, but 
watched from an upper window the movements and heard the 
threats of the rabble below . They were finally advised by a 
committee that their only safety depended on their immediate 
departure from the town. They accordingly returned without 
accomplishing the object for which they were sent. 

The people of the State were now fairly aroused to a sense 
of what was transpiring in Hancock county and the surround- 
ing districts. The citizens of Quincy, the capital of Adams 
county, who had on a previous occasion shown much friend- 
ship for the Saiuts, held a public meeting to consider what 
should be done, and appointed delegates to wait upon the 
citizens of Nauvoo and learn the facts in relation to their prop- 
osition to leave the State. The delegates from Quincy arrived 
at Nauvoo on the 24th. A council was called, composed of 
the leading men of the city, and propositions were submitted 
similar to those given the committee from Macomb. The com- 
mittee from Quincy acknowledged that the propositions, if 
carried out in full faith, ought to be satisfactory to all concerned. 
Yet they thought, all things considered, that something more 
unconditional would have to be offered by the Saints before 
peace could be secured for them. 



Take it Easy. — The more quiet and peacably we get on, the 
better for ourselves, the better for our neighbors. In nine cases 
out of ten, the wisest policy is, if one cheat you, quit dealing 
with him; if he is abusive, quit his company; if he slanders 
you, take care to live so that nobody will believe him; no ma'ter 
who he is, or how he misuses you, the wisest way is, generally, 
just let him alone ; you will feel the better for it afterwards, 
and he will be more likely to regret it. Depend upon it, that 
good seldom results from resenting such things in anger. 



&s*» 




vJTJ^TE^TIIjE! instbuotor. 



i ^S§e 



31 



[ for 1 he Juvenile Instructor. 



rf3 7ti MT 



g--a.Xj"v.a.:n"is:m:.-:eto- 1. 




THE constituents of bodies may be separated by electricity 
as completely as by the chemical force, although in a differ- 
ent manner. To separate by electricity a current of that tiuid 
is passed into the liquid that is to be decomposed; this is done 
by bringing near to each other, in the fluid, the poles of the 
voltaic battery. Whenever a liquid that is capable of decom- 
position becomes part of the electric circuit, that is the current 
of electricity can pass through the liquid, decomposition takes 
place; and certain elements are evolved in obedience to the 
electric laws. As these elements are loosened from each other 
by the electric current, this kind of decomposition is named 
electrolysis, which means to loosen by electricity. 

The voltaic battery is named after Volta, the inventor ; the 
galvanic battery is named after Galvani. In discussing the 
principle of galvanism, the nature of both batteries may be 
understood. Dr. Galvani found that by placing thin pieces 
of metal in a pile, and putting thin leaves of wet paper between 
them, several electrical phenomena could be produced. By a 
modification of this simple apparatus the most powerful batter- 
ies are now made. A simple galvanic circle, or circuit, con- 
sists of a plate of zinc and a plate of copper, with an acid 
solution between them. A power, which is named "positive" 
electricity, passes from the copper to the zinc. By continuing 
the number of plates, in the same order, a double, treble, 
quadruple or any compound circle may be produced. A "com- 
pound" circle means an apparatus in which the same combination 
is repeated any number of times. The order of sequence must 
be correct : copper, zinc, fluid ; copper, zinc, fluid ; so on, any 
number of times. To form a galvanic pile, wet paper answers 
the purpose of the fluid partition. The pile should terminate 
with zinc, which end is called the positive; the beginning plate — 
copper — is called the negative pole. During the exposure of 
these metals to the acid solution, or any other metals that bear 
the same electrical relation to each other, the metal that 
becomes most readily oxidated gives off negative electricity. 
This shows that the metal that has the greatest chemical affinity 
for oxygen generates electricity, or sets it in motion; hence 
that metal is said to acquire "positive" electricity and conse- 
quently the other is negative. Thus zinc becomes positive with 
reference to copper, copper becomes positive with reference to 
silver. It a silver coia, a half dollar, for instance, be placed on 
the tongue, and a copper cent beneath, upon bringing the 
edges of the coins close together, the fluids of the mouth will 
be decomposed, as will be perceptible to the taste, and a feeble 
electric shock may be felt. This is an instance of forming a 
simple galvanic current, and of producing decomposition of the 
saliva by electrolysis. 

By causing the two ends (poles) of a galvanic battery, or 
electric pile, to be connected, a compl te circulation is made. 
This is usually done by wires or rods, copper wire generally. 
The circulation will be in the same direction throughout the 
series of plates, from the copper to the zinc. As the two 
wires are in opposite states of electricity, one attracts the 
other. This is the apparent cause of electrolysis: bodies 
are compounded of elements in opposite states of electricity; 
they are held together by their polarity, (electric attraction) 
and they are loosened from each other by a modification of the 
same force. 

It may be remembered that in former articles allusion has 
been made to the composition of water. It was shown that 
water may be formed by the two gasses, oxygen and hydrogen 



caused to combine by the energy of the electric spark. This 
proves the constituents of that fluid by "synthesis." We may 
see that the result is separation into oxygen and hydro- 
gen, when water is analyzed by "electrolysis." To effect 
this the two ends of the connecting wires of the battery are 
placed in water near together, but so as not to touch each 
other; the electric current in passing through the liquid de- 
composes it. The two gasses, (oxygen and hydrogen) are 
given off, and may be collected; and they will be found in the 
precise proportion that forms water, which may be proved by 
mixing them together and exploding them by electricity. 

Important discoveries have been made by means of the gal- 
vanic power; by it the alkaline metals were first separated, and 
soda and potassa were shown to be respectively, compounds of 
sodium and potassium with oxygen. In its application to the 
electrotype, the arts have been materially aided; scientific 
knowledge has been greatly extended, and cabinets of every 
educational institution enriched. The development of electricity 
has revealed to man the nature of many operations in the interior 
of the earth. Beth. 



EABTHQUAKES. 

YOU have all heard of earthquakes, and of the fearful 
destruction of life and property that is often caused by 
them ; and perhaps when thinking of them, some of you have 
tried to form in jour own minds an idea of the scene to be wit- 
nessed in a district of country when an earthquake takes place, 
and you have trembled at the mental picture you have thus 
formed. Of all the calamities and misfortunes that ever hap- 
pen to mankind, it is perhaps true that none are so terrible as 
a violent earthquake. War is bad enough, and is one of the 
greatest evils that ever scourges the human race ; but in what- 
ever country it is being carried on, the people are aware of its 
existence, and many of them can escape its horrors. Famine 
is a fearful visitation, and very often causes intense suffering 
and mauy deaths through hunger; but ia these days, wherever 
a famine may occur, if the country in which it rages can be 
reached by railway, or by sea, help from other countries is soon 
forwarded, and thus the severity of the suffering is soon dimin- 
ished. Aud with almost any other kind of distress or suffering 
that affects the whole people of a district, there is generally 
some method of shielding the greater portion of them ; but it 
is very often otherwise with earthquakes. They come unex- 
pectedly, and when severe the lives and property of all living in 
the immediate locality in which they take place are often des- 
troyed. History, both in ancient and modern times, furnishes 
many instances of earthquakes which have wrought frightful 
destruction. We shall relate to you a few of these instances, 
and close this sketch with a short account of the city of Pompeii, 
which was buried in an earthquake about 1800 years ago, and 
was discovered or as it is called, exhumed, a little over a cen- 
tury and a quarter since. 

Earthquakes are most common in volcanic regions, that is in 
regions in which boiling springs, and volcanoes, or burning 
mountains, are found. Most of you, at school, or reading at 
home, have learned something about volcanoes. The principal 
in Europe, and perhaps in the world, are Vesuvius, in Italy, 
Etna iu Sicily, aud Heela, in the island of Iceland; and in Italy 
and Sicily earthquakes have been numerous and very destruc- 
tive. It frequently happens, where earthquakes occur, that 
large and hilly districts of country suddenly become low and 
flat, and low and flat districts become hilly; it is not uncommon, 
through these peculiar convulsions of nature, that islands in 
the ocean disappear, and on the land, bodies of water, such as 
large lakes, disappear from one place, and appear in another far 
away. Bui it is on account of the great loss of life they cause 
that earthquakes are principally dreaded. One of the earliest 



M 




SB 



33 



CrUYEE"ILE INSTBTJCTOE 



#^g$l 



recorded earthquakes, since the birth of the Savior of man- 
kind, occurred at the city of Autioch, in Syria, and on three 
occasions, this city has been severely injured by them. 
The first was in the year 115 of the Christian era, when it was 
almost destroyed; three hundred and seventy years after it had 
a similar visitation, and later still — in the year 526, now 1246 
years ago, it was destroyed, and some 250,000 persons along 
with it. 

The earthquake at Lisbon, the chief city of Portugal, in the 
year 1755, was one of the most terrible of which history fur- 
nishes any account. The shock was short but fearfully severe, 
the greater part of the city being laid in ruins and 00,000 per- 
sons killed in six minutes. This city stands on the river Tagus, 
and very shortly before this calamity happened, a splendid 
marble quay, or levee as they are more commonly called in this 
country, had been finished. Large numbers of the terrified 
people sought this quay, in hopes of finding safety from the fal- 
ing buildings; and while they were standing on it. it and they, 
with all the vessels and boats in the vicinity sank together, and 
were seen no more, and after the shock, on the place it occupied 
there was a body of water six hundred feet deep. The tremor 
of mother earth, felt so terribly at Lisbon, extended over a very 
large portion of the earth's surface, being felt from the northern- 
most portion of the British Isles, over the most of Europe, in 
the West Indies, and on the shores of Lake Ontario and the 
coast of Massachusetts, on this continent. 

A very severe shock of earthquake occurred at New Madrid 
in Missouri in the first quarter of the present century — in the 
year 1811, which did great damage to the town. The shock, or 
rather shocks, for there were many of them, were felt over an 
extent of country several hundred miles long, and six miles 
broad, and continued for over a year, during which lakes were 
formed and dried up again, hills raised and again depressed ; 
and in many places wide openings were made in the ground, 
from which mud and water were thrown as high as the tops of 
trees. Finally, a little over a year after the shocks commenced, 
they reached their greatest severity and ceased, with the total 
destruction of the city of Caracas, the Capital or the Eepublic 
of Venezuela, in the northern part of the South American con- 
tinent, which in an instant was laid in rains, and twelve thou- 
sand people killed. 

(To be Continued.) 



Anecdote of Cf.n. Washington. — During the American 
revolution it is said, the commander of a little squad was giving 
orders to those under him, relative to a log of timber which 
they were endeavoring to raise up to the top of some military 
works they were repairing. The timber went up with difficul- 
ty ■ and on this account the voice of the little great man was of- 
ten heard in regular vociferations of "Heave away ! there she 
goesl heave ho! heave 1" 

An officer, not in the military costume, was passing, and asked 
the commander why he did not take hold and render a little aid. 

The latter, astonished, turned round with all the pomp of an 
Emperor and said, "Sir, I am a Corporal." 

''You are, arc you?" replied the officer: I was not aware of 
that;" and, taking off his hat and bowing, the officer said, ''1 
ask your pardon. Mr. Corporal," and then dismounted aud 
lifted till the sweat stood in drops on his forehead. 

When the work was finished, turning to the commander, he 
said, "Mr. Corporal, when you have another such a job, and 
have not men sufficient, send for your Commander-in-Chief, 
and I will come and help you the second time." 

The cor]" ,ra ' was thunder struck. It was Washington who 
thus addressed him. 



i> r 



II \\r. nothing to do with a man iu a passion, for men are not 
like iron to be wrought upon when hot. 



SeUclUfc iPa$1Uy« 



SUPPOSE. 



Suppose, my little lady, 

Your doll should break her head, 
Could you make it whole by crying 

Till 3'our eyes and nose are red ? 
And wouldn't it bepleasanter 

To treat it as a joke, 
And say you're glad 'twas Dolly's 

And not 3'our head that broke ? 

Suppose you're dressed for walking, 

And the rain comes pouring down, 
Will it clear off any sooner 

Because you scold and frown ? 
And wouldn't it be nicer 

For yon to smile than pout ? 
And so make sunshine in the house 

When there is none without ? 

Suppose 3 - our task, my little man, 

Is very hard to get, 
Will it make it any easier 

For you to sit and fret? 
And wouldn't it he wi6er 

Than waiting like a dunce, 
To co to work in earnest 

And learn the thing at once? 

Suppose that some hoys have a horse 

And some a coach and pair, 
Will it tire you less while walking 

To say it isn't fair ? 
And wouldn't it he nobler 

To keep your temper 6weet, 
And in your heart he thankful 

You can walk upon your feet ? 

And suppose the world don't please yon, 

Nor the things some people do, 
Do you think the whole creation 

Will he altered just for you ? 
And isn't it, my hoy or girl, 

The wisest, bravest plan, 
Whatever comes or doesn't, come, 

To do the best you can? 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 

CHARADE. 



UY MISS SALLY COLUMBIA ANN ItOGEHS. 



I am composed of 10 letters. 
My 1, 2, 6, 8, is a kind of grain; 
My 4, 5, 8, 9, 10, will preserve it while growing; 
My 1, 2, 4, 4, 7, 10, is something we ought not to use-. 
My whole is something observed in the Church, and which we 
all should attend. 



TnE answer to the Charade in No. 2 is UINTAH MOUNTAINS. 
Correct solutions have been received from J. H. Parry; Sally Colum- 
bia Ann Rogers, Coalville; Charlotte Ann W. Lofthouse, Helen M. 
Rcmincton, Sarah J. Smith, Paradise. 



None hut original charades will he inserted, and the names of sub- 
scribers Bending correct solutions will he published. 



J-U-VZEZLSTTI-jIE! inSTSTE/TJOTOI^ 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

GEORGE Q. CANNON. EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 50. 

*a- Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will be 
I eccived at the office of our paper— Dekeret News Buildings. 



