
I 



<&' 



=«^5rf^^ 



^t3^^.^=5^"'* »t,'I.M l ,'» t M lfc t«.M».M 1 »»ti'n»»l,M|«H.» (•IH^*M l i'ktM.«SiM.MI.<l«lM*>lk*M«Mk«M.#%MU , l>MUM*M||>|,Mt«i|^-a^L r=;: j9^^: 



THE ^O 




gu 




AN ILLUSTRATED PAPER, 



(Published Semi-Monthly.) 



3? 



HOLIITSSS TO THE LOE-D 



m 



? 

O "p)^ =^' ! "' i ^'^ a ^ "*# getting get understanding. — SOLOJ/ION. 

Cl^ There is no Excellence without Labor. 



EXj^EIR. QEOEGE Q. C -A. 3ST £T O N" , E:DITO^. 



Volume Twelve, 



For the Year 1877. 




PUBLISHED BY GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH TERRITORY. 



^*) J^^n^ hl'» , <>l.'»tl'l.rlU l liMtl><.(l| l il l lHiMt „'t.*t t (M,»ti«M,»t|,M,*<» »lH'«.»0 , t , «.»M'lA<'(.H >«M«WlM*lt»m»l|»-tf^ff*-»"3^g^3C 



m> 



*l*,^*- 



~ : ■%*£;* 




y 



til 



Digitized by the Internet Archive 

in 2011 with funding from 

Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 



http://www.archive.org/details/juvenileinstruct121geor 



COiLTTIElIfcTTiS. 



Alfred the Great 1 

Antipodes, A Trip to Our 10, 22, 33, 46, 59 

Arizona, Ancient Ruins in 21 

Animal Trades and Callings 40 

Australia 130 

Act from Principle 191 

Anomalies of English Spelling 242 

Ambition 250 

Architecture in Salt Lake City 259 

Biography, Joseph Smith, the Prophet 9. 15, 20, 38, 53, 62, 
81, 92, 106, 111, 129, 137, 153, ICi, 171, 183, 200, 206, 218, 
238, 242, 254, 267, 278 

Best Friend, The 35 

Blushing 126 

Brevity 147 

Book of Mormon, The 147, l. r ,9, 170, 182, 212 

Bright Side, The 202 

Beautiful Allegory, A 204 

Borrowing Trouble 257 ■ 

Bird Housekeeping 271 



32, 40, 51, 



86, 99, 



Centennial Exhibition, To the 8, 14, 

116, 124, 135 
Christ Weeping over Jerusalem 19 
Country Without Women, A 23 
Choking 29 

Correspondence 34, 88, 155, 178, 250 
Contentment 50 
Charade 60, 180, 252, 
Character 69 

Curious Sight at Sea, A 73 
Chinese Hall of Justice, A 85 
Chapter lor the Little Ones 93, 105, 113, 142, 155, 167, 173, 

189, 202, 214, 227, 237, 245, 261, 274, 284 
Childish Wishes loo 
Charity 101 
Cunning Fox, A 190 
Chaux de Fonds 227 
Camel and Caravan, A 241 
Coffee 273 
Curious Custom, A 2S5 

David Playing Before Saul 3 1 

Drunkenness 98 

Damascus 112 

Dolphins Pursuing a Boat 157 

Dutch Language, The 158 

Disrespect at Home 1 66 

Dull Great Men 189 

Dying, How it Feels to be 197 

Duckbill, The 205 

Don't Lose a Minute 214 

Dark Hour Before Day, The 219, 232 

Drunken Monkeys 263 

Daniel in the Lions' Den 283 

Editorial Thoughts 6, 18, 30, 42, 54. 66, 78, 90, 102, 114, 126, 
138, 150, 162, 171, 186,198, 210, 222,234,246,258,270, 
282 

Enigma 12, 108, 120. 132, 192, 228, 276 

Evil Reports, Listening ti> 32 

Experience in Preacliiusr, Early is 

Educated Feet 77 

Extremes Meet 88 

Experience of an Elder, Early 100, 118, 128, 146, 179, 208, 
260 

Enthronement of Joash 133 

Egypt 163 

Egypt, More About 169 

Eastern Custom, An 187 

Early Rising 188 

Encouragement 188 

Edible Nuts 201 

Excursion, An 214 



False Religion 70 
Fortress of Ham 90 
Freak of a Dog, Curious 156 
Fred.- Danielson's Lesson 165 
Familiar Plants 225, 245, 281 
Flying Squirrels 247 

"Great Harry," The 25 

Great Cemetery, A 126 

Great Calamity, A 166 

Golden Rule, The 215 

Giant Emperor, The 263 

Getting on in Life 2(13 

Gas — its Origin and Manufacture 272 

Great Difference With You, A 275 

Guinea-Pigs 277 

Great Wall of China, The 281 

Hannah Praying in the Temple 61 

Happiness 89 

Honolulu to Hilo, From 94 

Hunters of the Sea 151 

Hawaiian Islands 152 

Hilo 'J h ough Puna, From 154 

Human Hand, The 178 

House on the Wall of a City 21 1 

How to be Somebody 221 

How They Pull Teeth in Japan 257 

Hedgehogs 265 

How to be Handsome 274 

Human Food, Curiosities in 283 

Indian Vision, An 11 

India- Rubber Tree 79 

"ICan" 107 

Icebergs 115 

Icelanders Fishing for Narwhals 181 

Idleness 190, 283 

Indian Curiosities 239 

Intemperance 248 

Indian Remains, Ancient 275 

Jesus Blessing Little Children 7 
Jonah Cast into the Sea 109 
Jethro Meeting Moses 145 
Jealousy 244 

Keep Straight Ahead 192 
King and the Farmer, The 198 

Log Book, Leaves From a 5, 20 
Little "Tcnie" 172 
Lead Pencils 248 
Learning the Alphabet 258 
Life's Eyening Gray 274 
Look on the Cheerful Side 277 

Music— Praise ye the Lord 12, Christmas Carol 24, (iather 
Round the Standard Bearer 36, Temple Song 47, We Meet 
Again 60, We Meet Again in Gladness 72, Sunday School 
Volunteers 84, The "Mormon 1 ' Lad 96, Go When the Moru- 
incr Shineth 108, A Thanksgiving Hymn 120, A Sunday 
School Call 132, A Jubilee Song 144, Never From Thee 156, 
Glad Tidings 168, Children's Song 180, Sunday School 
Hymn 192, A Song ot Praise 204, To-day 216, A Call, and 
Answer 228, Beautiful Day 240, What Prize Shall be Your 
Reward 252, A Song of Faith 264, A Prayer 276, Celettial 
City 288. 

Mahomet's Call to Prayer 23 

Mission, Incidents of a 35, 44, 57, 64, 82, 87, 104, 117, 123, 
142, 148, 164, 237, 247, 256, 268, 279 

Moses and Aaron Before Pharaoh 121 

Money, Wishing for 124 

Misnomers 172 

Metals, Minerals and Gems 177 

Mosques 193 



Missionary Incidents 10 1 
Mimmoth, The 199 
Moral Character 199 
Midnight l>uel, A. 229 
Manatee, The 235 
.Mountain Alligator, 1 he 230 
Miraculous Healing 251 
Mandrill, The 253 
Men Without Occupations 260 

Nature, Beauties of 160 
Natural Talent 191 
Navajo Cunning 231 

( (live Tree, The 42 

( runoe of Prevention, The 194 

Only a Bug 287 

Physical Education 28 

1'izzaro 55 ,- o- ti 

Poetry— The Good Boy b Resolve li.Sir Hot 
Repentance 108, Grasshopper Sports 127, W h 

I'll be a Little ' Moruioo' 228, The Grumbler 
Palestine, Tombs iu I 18 
Puzzle 156 
Prejudice 179 
Plant Lite 190 
Plants and l'heir Uses 201 
Practical Advice 203 
Porcupine Ant-eater, The 217 
I 'raver 2'Ji > 

Pumas, The 251 
Poverty a Blessing 256 

Pangolin, The 285 



pur ( 

at am 
2b8 



ock 94, 
It I '.i I, 



41, 



,'i. c,:,. 89, in"' 



Questions and Answers l", 

1 I.:, I4v, 177. 185, 203, 209, 226, 233, 244, 269 
Quakers, Persecution of the 39 

K.ihab Hiding the Spies 19 
Rubens, the Painter 66 



131, 



Religious Inconsistent of the World 74 

Reading 128 

Regularity 215 

Russians and Turks 223 

Raie Dinner, A 249 

Recrimination 257 

Reputation vs. Character 202 

Shun Affectation 1 1 

Sunday Lessons 12. 36, 41,60, S3, 89, 107, 119, 132, 141, 149, 

108, 173, 202, 225, 239, 250, 262, 284 
Shipping, Ancient 13 
"Snake Charmer," A 37 
Sunday School Mattel s 50 
Sunday School Statistics 68 
Susquehanna, Jottings on the 69, S2 
Small Means 213 
Scandal 273 
Singular Interposition 270 

Travels in India 4, 16, 27, 43, 52, 03, 76, 130. 158, 176, 184, 

195, 207, 224, 235, 243, 255, 260, 280 
Tea-lea', Story of a 103 
Tobacco, The Use of 119 
Trifles, Ingenious 123 
Travels on Hawaii 1 05 
Towzer and Tom 175 
Two Sides 209 
Tabernacle, The 271 

War ( lalley, Ancieot 2 
Writing on the Wall 97 
Wonderful Memories 107 
Water Dog, The 213 
Why They Often Fail 213 
'•Will it Wash?" 221 
Wholesome Lesson, A 243 
Washing Day 251 
William Blake, The Painter 280 

Yew Tree, The 272 




VOL XII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY !, 1877. 



NO. 1. 



ALFRED THE GREAT, 




HERE is a picture that carries our thoughts back for a 
thousand years, to the primitive days in England's his- 
tory, when the peonle of th:it country were not the enlishtened 
nation that they 
are now known to 
be — foremost in 
literature, arts 

just emerging 
from a condition 
of barbarism. It 
makes us think of 
the time when 
England was not 
the populous 
country that it is 
now, but when 
vast forests and 
extensive bog?, or 
marshes, covered 
mostof itssurface, 
instead of the 
magnificent and 
thickly built cities, 
the rich farms and 
gardens and the 
beautiful parks 
that are found 
there now. It 
brings to our 
minds the time 
when the inhabit- 
ants of that coun- 
try had not attain- 
ed to their preset] 
perfection in the 
art of killing one 
another, although 
they were a war- 
like people, who 
spent a great jmr- 
tinn of their time 
in fighting, and 
trying to kill one 
another, and, no 




doubt, taxed their ingenuity to devise the most destructive 
weapon?. Their weapons were not then cannons and guns 
and pistols, Mich as are now used, but the bow and arrows, 

such as are shown 
in the engraving, 
short spears, 
which, when 
thrown at an 
enemy, were jerk- 
ed back by means 
of a string or strip 
of rawhide attach- 
ed to them, rude 
swords and scythes 
or knives attached 
to their war 
ehariots, which 
were intended to 
cut down the 
enemy. 

It may not bo 
easy for some of 
our young readers 
to believe that 
England, that 
wonderfully old- 
fashioned country, 
where so many 
of their fathers 
came from, and 
which they arc 
wont to speak of 
as the "old coun- 
try,'' ever was in 
such a condition 
as thtil described, 
and thai its early 
i n )i abi t a n i - 
the ancient Bril 
ons were a race of 

1 : ■•■■-. fl ll -r 

i lo of life was 

little if any better 
than that of the 

I er tribes o 





UYENILE I1TSTBTJCTOR. 





Indians that inhabit this western country. But ii' they will 
read the history of ancient Britain, they will find that such was 
really the case. 

The period, however, in the history of England to which 
our picture relates was long after the ancient Britons had 
learned somewhat of the ways of civilized life from being 
brought in contact with the Romans, who came over in trreat 
numbers several times to conquer the Britons, and who were 
considered the most enlightened people then living. Though 
the Romans never really conquered the Britons, they gained 
the supremacy in some parts, lived with them and tried to 
rule over them. The result was that the Britons adopted the 
ways of the Unmans and were thereby greatly improved. 
The Romans were finally driven out and the Saxons made 
inroads upon the island. The Scots and Picts also began to 
make raids upon the Britons, until the latter were glad to form 
an alliance with the Saxons to preserve themselves against 
the Picts and the Scots. The condition of the Britons then, 
however, was not much more happy than before, for the 
Saxons came pouring into Britain in such numbers that they 
soon overran the poor natives and made them submit to their 
rule or retreat to other parts. Inder the Saxon rule Knglaud 
was divided up into seven states or kingdoms, called the 
Saxon Heptarchy, each of which had its king. < )ne of these 
Saxou kings, named Fthelwulf, had four sons, each of whom 
succeeded to their father's throne. The youngest of these 
four sons was named Alfred, and he is said to have been the 
greate-t and best king England ever had, on which account he 
is usually called "Alfred the Great" When he was a boy 
he was noted for his studious habits and for his learning to 
read, which would be considered no very great feat in our day. 
but which was quite an exceptional thing then. There were 
no printed books in those days; they were all in manuscript, or 
writing. Alfred's mother, who was most likely a very learned 
lady, possessed a book of Saxon poetry, which was "illumin- 
ated," that i-, embellished with ink or paint of different color-. 
She promised this book to whichever of her four sons first 
learned to read. Alfred won the book, and ever afterwards 
prized it very highly. During his boyhood he also traveled 
considerably, making two visits to Rome, and also remaining for 
some timi' in Paris, and, no donbt, he profited by what he saw; 
so thai on ascending the throne at the age of twenty-three 
years, he was better qualified to govern the people and cope 
with the Danes, who were then invading the country, than 
any of the kings had been before him. In the first year of 
bis reign he bad several successful battles with the Danes; 
but b^ was not blood-thirsty, and when they would sue for 
be was willing to make treaties with them on condition 
that they would leave the country. The I'anes. however. 
broke the treaties a- often :i - they were made, and continued 
to gather in England, killiiiL' and plundering wherever they 
went, until Alfred, tu save bis life, was obliged to difguise 
himself and seek safety by offering his services to a cowherd, 
a- :i man w:i- called who herded COW), in a secluded part of 

the country. Here he lived for some time, keeping up com- 
munication with his friend-, while the Danes sought him in 
vain to kill him. line day the cowherd's wife left King Alfred 
to watch Bome cakes thai were baking bj the Cue while she 
went "ti -Mine errand; and be was SO intent on mending bis 
bow. and thinking how he could relieve hi- oppressed country- 
men from the ravages of the Danes, that he forgot all about 
the cakes. When tin: cowherd's wife returned -be found her 
cakes in a blaze, and vented her indignation on hi- head in 
words thai were more forcible than polite. 



This is the scene we have pictured in the engraving. He 
had too much sense to get vexed in return, but took the rebukei 
and. no doubt, made many apologies. It is said the poor 
woman was mortified beyond measure when she learned it wa s 
the king she had scolded, but he good naturedly promised to 
forgive her if she would forgive him for neglecting the cakes. 

King Alfred afterwards by his superior generalship and 
bravery so completely routed the Danes that they were 
glad to ask quarter. It is said that in order to ascestain their 
strength and how he could best defeat them, he even disguised 
himself as a gleeman. or minstrel, and went into their camp, 
where he entertained the Banes with his songs and music, as 
they caroused, and got all the information he desired without 
their even suspecting who he was. But Alfred was magnani- 
mous enough to spare the lives of the Danes again on condition 
that they would depart from that part of England and become 
good Christians. They made the promise, and it is said they 
lived faithful to it. 

King Alfred's whole life was spent in trying to benefit and 
elevate his subjects. He encouraged education among thenb 
and invited learned men and skillful workmen from France 
and other countries to settle in England, and teach the people. 
He translated books himself from the Latin into the English- 
Saxon tODgue. He made good laws and enforced them, so 
that it was said that in his reign the richest jewels might have 
hung exposed in the streets, and no person would have 
attempted to steal them. He caused the first fleet England 
ever had to be built, which did good service in repelling the 
Danes that came over under the leadership of Hastens, or 
Hastings. He founded schools and heard causes of com- 
plaint and settled difficulties between his subjects himself, and 
withal he was a most industrious and methodical worker. In 
order to divide up his time to attend to all his duties, and 
employ it to the best advantage, he had wax candles made, 
which were painted at regular distances with rings of different 
colors, and which were kept constantly burning, to indicate 
the time employed at any particular thing, as our clocks and 
watches do for us. To prevent the wind from blowing on these 
candles, and causing them to burn away faster at some times 
than others, he had them encased in white horns, scraped so 
thin that they were transparent. This is the origin of lanterns, 
or lanthorns. 

King Alfred died in the year 901, having reigned thirty 



^USTOIEJSrT AAT^K, GALLEY. 



rPiiF infancy of the art of ship building is enveloped in 
I obscurity, and the accounts which we have of the ships 
built by the ancients are very limited and undescriptive. The 
ark built by Noah, and the vessels used by Jared and his 
people, also those constructed by Nephi, are so little described 
as to shape and detail, we can form but a meagre idea in our 
imagination what they really looked like. From —hat we can 
|earn from secular history, it is quite certain that the first 
vessels used were not of great dimensions. The largest vessels 
of the Grecian fleet at the siege of Troy (B. C. US-f) carried 
only one hundred and twenty men. These vessels were pro- 
pelled by oars, and were called galleys. They had no decks, 
in fact they were merely large row-boats, their sails were small, 
and used merely as an auxiliary to the oars; in fact, it was not 
until a much later dav that oars were discarded. It had not 
become necessary or fashionable for sea fighting, and there was 




w 



J" TJ "V IE 3ST I L e iitstructob 




little or no commercial intercourse between the various nations. 
Five hundred years later we read of galleys built purposely 
to encounter an enemy afloat. By this time the oars had been 
increased in numberand arranged in bunks, one above the other. 
The fighting men were stationed at the bow and stern, while 
the oaromen occupied the center of the vessel; the interior of 
the boat was entirely open. But about 470 B. C, in 
preparing their fleet for the great battle fcught afterwards at 
Eury Medon, the Athenians caused these platforms to be 
connected, thus making a deck and allowing room for a stronger 
force of soldiers; and at the same time protecting the oarsmen. 
The sails were made larger, but used only with a fair wind. 
The Carthaginians showed the greatest commercial enterprise, 
but have left little data upon which to depend for a description 
of their ships, and it is only from Grecian and Roman history 
that we can derive any accurate means of determining the 
form of the ancient vessels; which, by the way, was doubtless 
borrowed in their main features from the Carthaginians. 

The bow ____—_- 

and stern be- 
low the water 
line were usu- 
al ly of the 
same shape, 
but were of a 
different form 
above, rising 
higher than 
the center of 
the vessel. 
They assum- 
ed various 
shapes, and 
were highly 
ornamented. 
Two rudders, 
or paddles, 
one on either 
side or quar- 
ter, f o r m e d 
the steer- 
ing apparat- 
us; sometimes 
there were 
two of these 
on each side. 
The model of 

all the vessels in use at this time were of the same general 
character, and the manner of building substantially the same; 
the planking was fixed to the frame with iron bolts first. 
Afterwards experience demonstrated that this metal corroded, 
and brass bolts were used. The interstices between the planks 
were calked in various ways, until the steel now in use was 
adopted. Flaxen fibres were driven into the seams, and the 
entire outside of the vessel smeared with pitch or wax. As 
an additional protection hides properly tanned were stretched 
over the bottom and covered with the same composition. It 
is only a comparatively short time since the practice of 
covering the bottoms of vessels with copper has become gen- 
eral. But it is asserted that the galley of the Emperor Trajan 
recovered from Lake Riccio, after having been there for nearly 
thirteen hundred years, was no) only calked and pitched, but 
had also "lead sheathing attached to the ship by copper nails." 
The prows, or beaks of the galleys wore Imilt of the strongest 
and toughest wood, and were sometimes shod with iron. 




Frequently this prow extends below the water line, rendering 
a blow to an enemy's vessel very destructive. 

The reader will see from this that the modern idea of 
"ramming,'' is but a revival of the earliest style of naval war- 
fare. Great taste was s'town in the ornamentation of these 
vessels; gilding and various colored paints being employed 
fo; the purpose. Besides the arrows, spears and shields of 
the soldiers for defense and attack, other contrivances were 
u?ed, such as g a;ipling irons and machinery similar to 'the 
bitie ing ram, used on land. They had various means for 
setting fire to the vessel of an enemy, the most celebrated of 
them was called the "Greek fire." This much dreaded sub- 
stance was projected in some way through a tube which was 
placed at the bow, and falling upon the enemy's deck immedi- 
ately enveloped it in a sheet of flame. 

It is strange, but it was not until several centuries later that 
the wants of commerce demanded, and the discovery of the 
mariners compass gave an impetuous to navigation, that 

vessels of a 
quality su- 
perior to the 
gilley were 
constructed. 

Very little 
is known of 
th? history 
of ship build- 
ing succeeding 
th i downfall 
of the ancient 
civilization, 
and we see 
very little im- 
provement on 
the galley un- 
til the inven- 
tion of gun- 
powder (a- 
bout A. D. 
14(10) and 
the introduc- 
tion of ar- 
tiller y o n 
board of ves- 
sels of war. 
The galleys 
were first 
adapted to this ne:v order of being enlarged and armed 
with guns placed in the bows; but these vessels soon gave 
way to the "galleons," in which the use of the Joars was 
entirely dispensed with. Higher masts and larger and 
more sail were introduced, but the general form of the hull 
was preserved. Port holes were also cut in the sides, by which 

guns could be carried on the lower deck. During the fifteenth 

century commerce greatly increased, the mariners compass 

became generally known, and an instrument called the "astrol- 
able," by which the position of a slop at sea could be taken by 
observations of the heavenly bodies; the arl of sailing by the 
wind luul also come into use, and the vessels generally were 
M I for thai purpose. In I 192, Columbus sailed from Palos, a 

porl in Spain, with three small vessels provisioned for twelve 

months, and manned by ninty men. So ill suited were these 
crazy little crafts lor the tempestuous Atlantic that it was 
necessary to refil them on arriving at the Canary Islands. 

Vet frail as the IHnta the Mina aid Santa Maria appear 



Safe. 





t TTJ"V"E]^TII J E! I1TSTBTJCTOR 




they accomplished tbe great voyage, and introduced the conti- 
nent of Auierice to modern Europe. No less frail in appear- 
ance is the picture of the war galley and vessel of the fifteenth 
century which has been introduced, and is, possibly, a correct 
representation of one of the frail and unsubstantial vessels 
used by I>iaz, or a few years later by Yasco de Grama ( 1497 i 
for the purpose of finding a route to India around the Cape 
of Storms, now called the Cape of Good Hope. All honor is 
due to the bold mariners who in such unseaworthy craft 
braved the ocean's storms, and, unwearied by fatigue or 
undaunted by adversity, -till persevered when their comrades 
sank in despair, and succeeded by their discoveries in changing 
the channels of trade of the whole world. 



^travels nj, flmlia. 



BY WILLIAM FOTHF.RINGIIAM. 



{Continued.) 



BY morning the gale had abated. They weighed the anchor, 
and sailed within a short distance of the wharf, and 
dropped it again. Each of us took our effects, went ashore, 
and put up at the Montgomery House, paying seventy-five 
cents for each meal, and fifty cents for a place to spread our 
blankets. Food and lodging were scarce in San Francisco at 
that period. A boarder, in order to get his share of the 
scanty provisions spread upon the table, had to act the 
part of a gormand. 

(}. S. Spark-:, who resided a short distance out of San 
Francisco, invited the brethren of the East India and Siam 
missions, thirteen in number, to reside at his place till we 
were ready to sail; which invitation we gladly accepted. The 
of the brethren, to save expense, rented a room for two 
weeks, paying twenty-five dollars lor its use, and boarded 
themselves. 

\ I stated in tin- previous chapter, we were without purse 
it -'-rip, trusting in the Lord to open the way. We had a 
long journey before us, ami it required considerable means to 
take Us to our field of labor. We met togethei to counsel 
over tb" matter, invoking the -pint of the Lord to direct us 
pt Buch measures as would !"■ successful in procuring 
the n ssary funds to pay om- passage. The brethren unani- 
mously agreed to vi-it the i pie of San Francisco and other 

places, 'fin- city was laid oil' in distrirts, ami two Elders 
•her visiting the districts assigned them. Elder 
Skelton and myself were appointed to vi-it Santa Cruz, then 
a small town on the coast. No coasting vessels bring ready to 
-ail to tbi- place, w p o' o u time canvassing San Francisco. 
I went in company with Elder S. A. Wooley, who i- now 
Hi-bop of tie- eighth Ward, Salt Lake City. We went from 
house to house stating to the inmates where we were from. 

and tl bject of our mission; that we traveled, as did the 

ancients, without purse or scrip; that we were calling on the 
is of S in Francisco to help us with their means to go on 
our mission, hence lor what nil tiny would render us, they 
would inno wise lose theii regard. Some would plead poverty; 
others would give us from twenty five to lilt', cents; some would 
abuse us, calling in mi i that ought to be kicked out, 

etc. After the city had been thoroughly canvassed, tie- 
amount realized was about seventy dollars. 



This method of visiting the people gave us an excellent 
chance of preaching the gospel, and bearing testimony of the 
last dispensation. The Elders who weDt out that fall, were 
the first to carry and proclaim to the world, the revelation on 
celestial marriage. During our peregrinations in California, 
they would accuse us of plural marriage. We informed them 
that we believed in and practised the doctrine; and would 
draw from our pockets the revelation (for every Elder carried 
one with him) and want to know if they wished to hear it 
read. It was amusing to see how they would stare when we 
boldly asserted that the doctrine of plural marriage was a 
part of our religious faith; some would turn away exclaiming, 
"Well 1 swear! what next?" 

Brother Skelton and I took passage on a schooner called the 
Srjphia, bound for Santa Cruz. We each paid ten dollars for 
our fare. We lay becalmed twenty-four hours in sight of the 
land where Santa Cruz is situated. On our arrival we repaired 
to the residence ot Moses Meader, a member of the Church, 
who resided about one and a half miles beyond the town. 
He and his family received us kindly, and through his influence 
we obtained the use of the court-house in which to hold a 
meeting. We notified the people, by postiug notices, that 
two "Mormon" Elders from Salt Lake City, would preach on 
Sunday evening. This being our first attempt at preaching, 
you can well imagine our situation. We spent the day in 
fasting and prayer, beeeching the Lord to bear us off in the 
evening, so that, at least, we might be satisfied with our- 
selves. 

We found the house tolerably well filled with hearers. We 
opened the meeting by singing and prajer, we being the only 
vocalists. The two of us occupied about half an hour, and 
we thought we did well, and in that time, we told all we could 
think of, and felt that we had not another idea left. 

I will here diverge a little from my subject, and say 
to my young friends: embrace every opportunity that comes 
within your reach to adorn your youthful minus with the 
gems of intelligence and wisdom that are being strewn in your 
way. You have far greater advantages than your fathers 
had, to qualify yourselves for the work of the ministry; and 
rest assured that God will require at your hands the labor of 
bearing oft' His kingdom. 

You have the privilege of attending your Sunday schools, 
and being identified with the Y. M. M. I. Associations and 
other schools of learning, at the same time bearing in mind 
the necessity ol so conducting yourselves as to be entitled to 
the fellowship of the Holy Spirit, which will prepare you to 
be workmen — true representatives of the greatest growing 
power on the earth, before which all others will speedily 
dwindle into insignificance. 

1 will now return to my narrative. We tarried four days 
at Santa Cruz. Brother Meader gave us sixty dollars each, 
and Sister Meader three dollars, to help u* on our missions. 
There being no vessel going to San Francisco, we started out 
on foot, traveling over the mountain range which lies between 
tlie bay and the coast. It being a very wet time, the San 
Jose Valley, especially that part lying between Santa Clar? 
and Alviso, was ankle deep in mud and water, and at one 
place we bad to pay twenty-five cents for a boat to take us 
across a slough. We took steamer from Alviso, and five 
hours -ail brought us to San Francisco. 

We- paid over what meane we had collected to Q. S. Sparks, 
who wa- appointed treasurer to receive all monies donated for 
tli aid of tie.' missions. 

( To be Continued. ) 




Z&& 




J TJ "V IE IsT I L E INSTRTJCTOB 




^caues J^rom * lt*>9 Igflflk 



RT G. M. 0. 



TH E C X T B A B A N D I S T . 




( Continued. ) 

" 'fPllE long evening twilight had already far advanced before 
X I could properly move my vessel and dispatch a sub- 
ordinate with the 'important papers' to head quarters. Con- 
siderable excitement was created in the little village by the 
arrival of the prize, and I lost no time in preparing to antici- 
pate the news of my arrival at the cottage. It was a Sabbath 
evening, and the surrounding landscape never appeared more 
calm and peaceful. There was scarcely a breeze sufficient to 
ripple the long solemn swells of the sea that rolled in and 
broke dull and lifeless against the sombre rocks. The tree 
branches hung like drooping wings, limp and languid in the 
amber light. The occasional moan of a whip-poor-will or the 
coarse croak of a sea-gull were the only sounds that disturbed 
the quiet. But I was too full of happiness of my own creation 
to enjoy the scene, and hastened over the pathway leading 
towards the cottage with a speed almost amounting to a run. 
You know that there is a secret satisfaction belonging to us all 
when we can create an agreeable surprise, and I knew that my 
father and Florence would not only be surprised, but delighted 
at my sudden appearance. I pictured over and over again 
their astonishment and exclamations of joy, until I became 
insensible in my excitement to the peacefulness surrounding 
me. When I arrived at the cottage, my enthusiasm was 
somewhat dampened. The servant, dumbfounded at my 
sudden appearance, could only inform me that my father was 
not at home, and had gone, she believed, to Fathom's. 
Thither I hastened with accelerated speed. When I reached 
the pathway on the brow of the cliff overlooking the cove, 
the sight I beheld seemed to root me to the earth; it was only 
momentary, but in that moment the light of happiness was for- 
ever shut out of my life. Had the plateau sunk engulfed in the 
s 3a before my eyes, had the unknown wreck with all the lost and 
n imelessdead that clung to her decks on that dreadful night of 
the storm risen from the ocean's grave, the revolution in my feel- 
ings would not have been greater. A large lugger lay 'hove to' 
off the mouth of the cove; on the beach, I noticed a boat 
drawn up on the sand, with three or lour men surrounding it, 
evidently prepared and waiting to shove off at a moment's 
warning. Half way across the garden in front of the cottage, 
I saw Diaz dragging Florence— no, not dragging her, for at the 
moment I speak of, this handkerchief (which she had worn 
around her neck since my father had restored it to her) came 
untied and remained in the villain's hand, and I saw Florence 
fly, followed by him, towards the cottage, and my father, who 
had at that moment arrived. 1 say it was only for a moment 
that I stood transfixed, for the next, boiling with rage and 
revenge, I was tearing down the path leading to the cottage, 
On all ordinary occasions I am usually calm and self-possessed 
in emergencies, but I must confess that on this occasion 1 had 
lost all control of myself. When 1 appealed at the door of 
the dwelling, my presence, so sudden and unlooked for, 
turned into motionless statues the inmates. I saw but the one 
object of my hatred, and before he recovered from his astonish 
ent I was by his side. I snatched the handkerchief from 



his hands and threw it towards Florence, at the same time 
feeling endowed with the scrength of a Hercules, I seized him 
by the collar, and hissing through my teeth "Thieving scound- 
rel!" I sent him twirling heels over head out of the door. I 
turned to follow, when Florence stood before me; the sight of 
her sweet face dashed the angry demon from my heart, and, 
as I folded her in my arms, I kissed her for the first and last 
time. Noticing the handkerchief on the floor at her feet, I 
stooped to pick it up. While in the act of stooping, a sharp 
report rang through the still evening air, and Florence, with a 
shriek that turned my blood into ice, fell dead in my arms. 
The bullet from Diaz' pistol, intended for me, had pierced 
her heart. 

' ' T have but a vague and dreamy recollection of what followed. 
The murderer ran for the boat on the beach; I followed and 
overtook him, and, doubtless, in my blind fury and passion 
would have committed a second murder that day in Fathom's 
cove, had not his hirelings waiting with the boat interfered: 
and it was- only after they had beaten me senseless with their 
oars, and left me lying apparently dead on the sand, that he 
was able to escape. 

'"But let me hurry over my mournful story. My sudden 
appearance and the sorrowful death of Florence, brought on 
the long expected apoplectic shock that terminated Fathom's 
life. Forlorn and bioken-hearted, Mrs. Fathom did not long 
survive. And it was many months before I had sufficiently 
recovered from the shock and my wounds, to follow out the 
only purpose for which I cared to live — the punishment of 
the murderer of my darling. Reports had gone up to the 
admirality of my being wounded while attempting to capture 
a desperate and notorious smuggler, and I received praise, 
promotion and advantageous offers in the service in conse- 
quence; but I refused all. And when my health and strength 
permitted, I set out in the pursuit. 

" 'I will not weary you with a recital of my travels for years, 
from town to town, along the coasts of France and Spain, at 
times having him almost within my grasp, and again losing all 
track of him. Two years ago, I learned that he was on the 
coast of Chili. I immediately returned to England to prepare 
for visiting this country. Fortunately my old commander was 
in charge of the fleet fitting out to aid your countrymen. My 
application for a commission was not refused. Upon my 
arrival in Valparaiso, I learned that Diaz, under another name, 
commanded the Bonita, still following his unlawful calling. 
T applied, and was placed in charge of the Guarda, and you 
have this day witnessed the result. 

Attached to the manuscript was the following clipping from 
the Inpependente of Santiago: 

"We regret to learn that Captain Edwards, lately censured 
by court martial, has resigned his commission in our navy, and 
returns with the English fleet to his home in Cornwall. 

The boys were all anxious to know whether the dismantled 
brig was the Guarda or Bonita, and considerable speculation 
was rife among them, when our supercargo settled the point by 
explaining that the vessel in dispute could not be either of 
them, from the fact that the circumstances related in the 
manuscript had transpired before the great earthquake of 1835, 
when he, being present at the time, witnessed the destruction 
of every vessel in the harbor by a great tidal wave. As we 
were all anxious to hear a description of that remarkable 
circumstance, ho kindly consented to favor us, and on the 
succeeding evening all hands assembled around the bitt-heads 
tu listen to the following narrative: 

I To be Continued J 





J- TJY HI UST 1 !_. E IIS STBTJCTOR. 




^fttq Ifutenik |(nairttctoir. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR- 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 1, 181 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





POX reading the scriptures concerning 
the great events that should take place 
in the hitter Jays, we would naturally 
suppose that when they came to pass, 
people would believe that the fulfillment 
was from God. Isaiah and Mieah both 
predicted concerning the house of the 
Lord being built in the tops of the mount- 
ains, and people from every nation flowing 
unto it. This is a prediction so plain that 
no one, it might be thought, could fail to per- 
ceive its fulfillment. The prophets say that 
the people would go up there for a definite 
ose — to be taught of the Lord, to walk in His 
paths; and they also foretell what the result should 
be. Now these predictions are being fulfilled in the 
eyes of all people who have witnessed the immi- 
gration of the Latter-day Saints to these mountains. In no 
other part of the world is there a people building a temple to 
the most high God in the tops of the mountains; in no other 
part of the world do people gather from various nations; and 
the Latter-day Saints are the only people who, in leaving their 
old homes, gather up to the mountains for the purposes 
described by the prophet. If Isaiah and Micah had seen the 
gatherins of the Latter-day Saints, and had seen this land to 
which they gather, and these mountains, they could not have 
better described them than they have, in the brief language 
used in their prophecies. We behold before our eyes a plain 
fulfillment of their predictions; but who believes that this is 
the work of God? Do the world? No. Though these pre- 
dictions made thousands of years ago are being fulfilled before 
their eyes, they refuse to see the work of God in what is 
taking place. Is not this strange? Yet it always has been 
thi ase when the people's hearts were hardened with unbelief. 
The predictions concerning the Savior were very plain, and 
the Jews bad them in their synagogues and heard them read 
by their rabbis; but thoy failed to perceive that Jesus was the 
Messiah. 

Thirty four years ago the Prophet 'Joseph received a re^ 1 1- 
tion from the Lord concerning a civil war thai should take 
i ; 'i this land -a war the North and the South. 

II [escribed the place where it should commence, namely, 
described the nature of the war, and certain 
lould follow. The Latter-day Saints have been 
familiar with that prediction fiom the time that it was given 
until the war broke out. For many years it was published in 
the United States Great Britain and elsewhere. Now no 
prediction could I"- more definite thas it was, and yet, before 
it was fulfilled, men refused to believe it. Tiny attached no 
importance to it, and if anything were said about it. the 
general iiniirc--i.ni was that it was -imply impossible that it 
could be true. When the time cam... however, which the 
Lord bad foreseen, it was fulfilled. The rebellion broke out 
at South Carolina, and civil war ensued between the So th 



and the North. But did men believe, because of this revela- 
tion, that Joseph was a prophet? Oh, bo! As they rejected 
it as impossible before its fulfillment, so when it was fulfilled, 
many declared that it was a pretty good guess, but it was easy 
to foretell that when the difficulty did break out, it would be at 
South Carolina. 

The Lord has declared in revelations which He has given, 
that great distress and trouble should come upon this nation; 
that the time will come that he who will not take his sword to 
fight against his neighbor, will have to flee to Zion. The 
Elders have for many years warned the inhabitants of this 
land of the calamities av.d judgments that were about to befall 
them, and have prophesied to them concerning events that 
would take place. Have they been believed? Only by a very 
few. The great bulk of the people witness these events coming 
to pass exactly as they are predicted, but yet they will not 
believe that God has anything to do with their revelation. 

Before spiritualism, as it is called, was taught among the 
people, or even heard about, the Prophet Joseph and the 
Prophet Brighaui foretold that there would a power arise 
that would show forth great signs and wonders, and would, if 
possible, deceive the very elect, and that they who rejected 
revelation from God would have plenty of revelations from the 
devil. The Saints were taught to expect these things for 
years before they came to pass. We now see the fulfillment 
of those predictions. Lying spirits have gone forth among 
the people to deceive them. The drunkard, the adulterer, 
and the wicked can now get their revelations in abundance by 
spirit-rapping and by mediums, and in other ways, until the 
whole land is filled with stories of the wonderful power that 
men and women possess. The people would not receive the 
revelations of Jesus Christ and the teachings of His servants, 
and now they are left a prey to strong delusions that have 
power over them to lead them astray. Yet they were warned 
faithfully by the servants of God, that this power would be 
manifested among them. 

These things teach us that signs and miracles and prophecies 
have little effect upon the people unless their eyes are opened 
to see, and their hearts to understand the things of God. 
The world can not perceive the hand of God in the events 
that are taking place, even though they have been plainly 
predicted, and the predictions written by the servants of God. 
It requires the Spirit of God to enable a man to discern the 
things of God. How necessary it is then, children, that each 
one of us should have that Spirit! 

The Savior foretold what the fate of the Jews would be — 
that their city would be destroyed, that not one stone should 
be left upon another of their temple, and that they should be 
carried into captivity, lie told His disciples what they should 
do when they should see certain signs take place; and they 
profited by his warnings and counsel. But did the Jews 
derive any benefit from his predictions? No; they miserably 
perished, and, as a nation were broken up and scattered, and 
their city and temple were destroyed. So it is in our day. 
The honest in heart hear the testimony of the servants of God; 
they believe it, and God givps them more light, and leads 
them along in the path of certainty and of peace. They grow 
from grace to grace, from knowledge to knowledge until doubt 
and darkness ire banished, and their path is as light as if the 
noonday sun -hone upon it; while the wicked are groping in 
darkness, in uncertainty, and are full of apprehension respect- 
ing the events that are coining to pass. How much better 
then, it is to serve God and keep His commandments, to have 
Hi- holy spirit and the revelations of Jesus and the peace and 





G"D"YB1TILE IHSTBUCTOR. 



joy which they bring, than to be in the darkness and gloom 
which surround those who reject the truth. 



-TESTIS BLESSING LITTLE 
CHILDREN. 



WE herewith give to our readers a most beautiful engraving 
of one of the most interesting scenes in the life of our 
Savior. We do not say, that this is an exact description of 



men in painting it have adopted that foim ot countenance'as 
one that in their imagination is suited to the Savior of mankind. 
He has a little baby on His knee and Bis hand is upon'itshead. 
See how earnestly and confidingly the chiid looks up into the 
face of its Lord! And the mother, what an expression of 
desire there is in her countenance! How eagerly she listens 
for the words of blessing from the Savior upon her little one! 
The other two also on the left of the Savior, how earnestly 
they press forward to have their children blessed ! The child 
reclining in the arms of his mother se^in- to be asleep, but the 






what occurred, but the engraving illustrates a scene in the life 
of the Savior, and the artist has had to depend upon his im- 
agination for the features. Can our little readers tell us what 
is intended to be represented by the engraving? See the person 
in the center who is sitting down! What a mild, benevolent, 
face he has! How kind his manner! That the artist has 
intended for the figure of the Savior. It is a face that has 
been handed down by tradition as that of our Savior, and 
it has become so well known that whenever it is seen it is 
recognized as His, yet it is not likely that it is His jortrait, but 



sturdy little felbw who is standing up in front of his mother 
Feemstobe watching these sne with great interest, and awaiting 
with desire his tmn to be blessed. In the background of the 
picture we see other mothers pressing forward with their chil- 
dren and a man holding up his hand as if to keep them back. 
This is to illustrate the action of the disciples. Mark, in his 
bonk, records the incident as follows: 

"And theyllbrought young children t<> him, that lie ahouM 
touch them: and hi* disciples rebuked those that brough t then 
But when Jesus raw it, he was much displeased, and said un 





J T7 V ES TST I Xj E3 IITSTRTJCTOR. 




thoin, Suffer the little children to come unto me, Rnd forbid them 
not: for of such is the kingdom of God. Verily I say unto you, 
whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, 
he shall not enter therein. Anil he took them up in his arms, 
put his hands upon them, and blessed them.'' 

How different the action of the Savior upon this occasion to 
that of many of His so-called ministers in these days! There 
are people in the world who call themselves Christians, who 
believe that unless children are sprinkled with water in their 
infancy they will go to hell if they should die, and some men 
have gone so far as to say that there are thousands of children 
in'hellnot a span long! Most horrible doctrine! The revela- 
tions of Jesus in our day have plainly taught us in the Book of 
Mormon and in the Doctrine and Covenants that children arc 
without sin and that it is solemn mockery before God to sprin- 
kle them with water and call it baptism; that until they reach 
the years of accountability — eight years of age — Satan has no 
power to tempt them and they are not accountable for their 
acts. How much more consistent this is with our ideas of the 
Lord as we derive them from His revelations! Jesus said, 
' Sutter little children to come uuto me and forbid them not: for 
of such is the kingdom of God." If all persons were as pure 
and innocent as little children, they would be fitted for a resi- 
dence with God. Who is there that can watch the sports and 
the innocent play of little children without being touched by 
the sight'.' They are so innocent and guileless, they appeal so 
strongly to every feeling of our hearts, that a man or woman 
who can not love them must be destitute of true feeling. Jesus 
says, "Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a 
little child, he shall not enter therein." How true this is, as 
every Elder who has preached the gospel well knows! The 
proud, the self-sufficient, the self-righteous, the learned, those 
who are lifted up in their own conceit, rarely if ever receive 
the kingdom of Ged or the gospel of Jesus. They are not in 
a condition to be taught; they do not think they need teaching; 
but the humble, the meek, the lowly, those who have the spirit 
of childhood and feel that they are destitute of knowledge and 
need instruction, they receive the kingdom of God or the gospel 
of Jesus. To them it is sweeter than the new honey comb; it 
supplies a want of their nature; it fills them with joy; they 
- it gladly, and they enter into the Church with delight. 
Watch a little child and see how it hangs upon the words of its 
parents! I low believing it is! How full of faith! It does not 
argue, but it receives with confidence the teachings of its 
parents and listens with respect to that which is told to it. 
This is the spirit that we should have and preserve through life 
for the things of God. We should feel that we know nothing 
about God, only as He teaches us, aud that we cannot measure 
Hun nor His truth by our ideas or any standard that we possess; 
for, as one of the prophets lias said, ''as the heavens are higher 
than the earth, so are God's ways, higher than our ways, and 
His thoughts higher than our thought-." 

Children, seek through your lives the spirit of childhood. 
The men and women who possess most of that childish spirit 
an in the best position to be taught of God, and they are 
'" "' i to I lo 1 than those who do not have it. 




Paosi the cultivation of the earth, a second paradise of 
beauty and sweets springs up to our delighted view; from 
exertion and industry our most valuable comforts arise; and 
the endeavors we use in the attainment of any earthly good 
stamp a double value on its possession, and give a keener 
relish in its enjoyment. Even our food tastes better when 
have labored to produce it. 



$pa ihe, Centennial if-duMfitft^ 

WITH JOTTIHGS ZB3T 
TJEUE W^IT. 



BY C. R. S. 



(Continued.) 

Tilt; road follows up Bear River Valley, passing the once 
famous city bearing its name — the scene of murderous 
frays and midnight brawls during the construction of the 
railroad. The old emigrant trail crosses the track at this 
point, Farther on we come to Hilliard, the great charcoal 
producing point. A flume thirty-five miles in length stretches 
from this place to the timber slopes of the Uinta mountains. 
Gord wood is floated down at the rate of one hundred cords a 
day, also saw-logs for milling purposes and railroad ties. The 
belt of timber from which these supplies come is eighty miles 
long from the east point and forty miles wide, and runs to 
the tops of the mountains, along the summits of which an 
imaginary line exists separating Utah from Wyoming. Most 
of the charcoal for use in the Utah smelters comes from 
Hilliard. An effort was once made to start a railroad to the 
timber from here, but it fell to the ground. 

All through this region, on the small creeks, coal oil is 
found; but no success has been met with in striking oil in 
paying quantities, although considerable money has been 
spent in boring for it, 

We have now reached Aspen, the second highest point in 
the road— 7,X00 feet— or 3,500 feet higher above sea level than 
the Temple block, Salt Lake City. As we descend we pass 
through numbers of snow sheds, and having reached Pied- 
mont, we enter upon the sterile and barren part of the road, 
extending to Green River. 

The road now follows the Muddy Creek until it empties 
itself into Black's Fork, near Church Buttes station. Old 
Fort Bridgcr is twelve miles from the road, at Carter Station, 
so named m honor of Judge Carter, so well known in these 
parts. Very little grass is now seen, only in the river bottoms; 
moss agates abound, and fossil remains of extinct animals. 
Scientific men who pay attention to these matters find ample 
scope all through this region to pursue the study of paleon- 
tology. Prof. Marsh found many remains of huge animals 
in this region. The head of one curious species found was 
four feet long and once had four horns protruding from it; ho 
called it the Uintatherium. This is only one of the extinct 
monsters found. I have seen the remains of turtles that 
measured thirty inches across the back. 

The method adopted of searching for the bones requires 
some climbing, for it is not in the bottoms the search is made: 
only on the bluffs, in the greenish seams. Each student is 
provided with a loose bag suspended from his shoulders, and 
every atom of petrified bone is eagerly gathered. As evening 
approaches they all sit around in the tents and produce their 
relics. Prof. Marsh, always on the lookout for something new, 
examines each morsel, and with a small portion of bone will 
tell the size of the animal and its class. When a novelty is 
produced, he will go into raptures, with these exclamations: 
"This is a lovely vertebra! This is a valuable tooth! This is 
the only specimen ever found in America!" and so on. A 
sack of cotton is then produced, and each piece packed up 
carefully for transportation to Yale college for further examin- 
ation. 





JTJYEITILE HTSTBTJCTOR. 





To those who never pay attention to such matters, it may 
look nonsensical to see fifteen or twenty men "bone hunting;" 
but it is from these studies that we learn what once existed, 
and how the earth has passed through mighty changes. The 
existence of these fossils demonstrate that the bluffs were 
once the borders of a vast inland sea, where turtles, and 
animals like the hippopotamus once lived. It also demon- 
strates that the temperature of the climate favored the 
existence of animals whose habits and manner of life were 
suited to a tropical region; for it is only in such places that 
they are now found. Near the tops of the bluffs bordering on 
Green River, several specimens of fossil fish are now found; 
the like do not exist, so far as known, any where on the face 
of the earth or in the mighty deep. Some great convulsion 
of nature must have formed a crevasse, or chasm, through which 
this inland ocean escaped down Green River Valley through 
the grand canyon of the Colorado to the Pacific Ocean; other- 
wise where could the water have come from to cut a chasm, 
nearly a mile deep, to the bed of the mighty Colorado. 

The scenery around Green River City is imposing and 
curious, oddly shaped rocks standing out alone, having 
weathered the storms of ages, their colors varying from 
summit to base. Geologists call them sedimentary rocks. I 
think this place is one of the most interesting points on the 
whole road. This is also the end of another division of the 
road, and is quite a town, w^ere the fast-dying-out frontiers 
men are still found. The road to the Sweetwater mines and 
the Wind River Mountains starts from here, by way of South 
Pass where most of the emigration to Utah once traveled. 

The road after leaving Green River takes up Bitter Creek 
Valley, the most sterile and uninteresting part of the Union 
Pacific R. R. We must not, however, forget that with all its 
sterility, there are mines of splendid coal, inexhaustible in 
quantity, covering hundreds of square miles. At Rock 
Springs seam upon seam is found as far down as explored, 
until a dozen or more different veins are found of varying 
thickness and of excellent quality for general use. This part 
of the road is passed over in the night by trains going east 
and west — a wise arrangement. 

Before morning dawns we have passed Creston, the dividing 
ridge of the continent. On the western slope the rivers 
find their outlet into the Gulf of California. On the eastern 
side the outlet is the Gulf of Mexico for the streams that 
course down through the valleys of the Platte, Missouri and 
Mississippi. 

About daylieht, in summer time, we cross the North Platte 
at Fort Fred. Steele, but this is a lonsr way from the old emi- 
grant road at the last crossing of the North Platte. The 
Sweetwater country is some ninety miles north of Fort 
Steele. 

As we proceed eastward we come out upon an open country, 
where herds of antelope abound. The Elk Mountain looms 
up, an old land mark, for it en be seen a very long way off. 
Thousands of beautiful elk roam the valleys bordering on the 
Platte River. One noble animal I saw at Fort Steele had a 
habit of standing on an eminence for hours at a time, looking 
towards the mountains. Although reared by hand and raised 
in the fort, her natural instinct led her to long for the plains 
and mountains, something akin to a pet beaver a gentleman 
once possessed, which, when it had grown up, took a notion 
one day to make a dam with carpets, stools and such articles 
of a movable nature, plainly showing that instinct, and not 
reason ruled; for if the beaver had used reason it would have 
known that such a dam was useless. 



At Carbon we again strike the coal region. II jisting works 
are erected close to the track. The coal interests are controled 
by the U. P. company. 

We now come upon the Laramie Plains, some forty mile 
wide and one hundred and fifty long, bordered by the Colorado 
Mountains on the south, and the Black Hills on the north. 
Laramie Peak stands out bold and beautiful against the 
distant sky; it is plainly seen within a radius of ninety miles. 
This is also the great game region of Wyoming, hundreds of 
beautiful antelope are seen bounding over the plain. Tens of 
thousands of sheep and cattle fatten upon the nutritious 
grasses that everywhere abound. Now and then the skull of 
a buffalo is seen, bleached and whitened by the sun; they have 
left this region long ago — driven off by the encroachnents of 
the whites to regions farther north and south. 

After passing Laramie City we begin the ascent to the 
summit, at Sherman, 8242 feet above the level of the sea. 
Bold masses of granite rock abound on every hand. The 
mountains of Colorado, one hundred miles away, known as 
Long and Gray's Peaks, over 15,000 feet above the level of 
the ocean, and higher than any of the mountain peaks of 
Utah— are plainiy distinguishable. Near Sherman we pass 
over the Bale Creek iron viaduct, some 136 feet high and GOO 
feet long, one of the most slender and fragile looking bridges 
I ever saw, yet as strong and durable as science can make it. 

The climate in this region is delightful in summer time. 
The mercury seldom rises above S0°. In winter it is cold, 
bleak and cheerless. 

All around us are piles of curiously shaped rocks, that have 
weathered the storms of thousands of years; in fact the soil 
is made up of decompsed granite several feet in thickness. 
[To be Con'tntied.) 



agraghg. 



crossm smith, 
:p :r, o :p ih: :e t . 



TEC IE 



( Continued. ) 



TN February, 1835, Brother Brigham and his brother Joseph 
called upon the Prophet Joseph, and sung for him. The 
Spirit of the Lord was poured out upon them, and Joseph 
told them that he wanted to see those brethren together who 
went up to Zion in the Camp, the previous summer, for he 
had a blessing for them. A meeting was accordingly called, 
at which Joseph gave much valuable instruction. lie said it 
was the will of God that they should be ordained to the 
ministry and go forth to prune the vineyard for the last time. 
In the afternoon of that day, February 4. 1835, Joseph said 
that the first business of the meeting was for the three 
witnesses of the Book of Mormon (Oliver Cowdery, David 
Whitmer and Martin Harris) to pray, each one. and then 
proceed to chose twelve men from the Church, as apostles, 
to go to all nations, kindreds, tongues and people. After 
they had prayed, the three witnesses were then blessed by the 
laying on of the hands of the Presidency. According to a 
former commandment given June, 1820, Book of Doctrine 
and Covenants, page 190, the witnesses then selected the 
Twelve Apostles in the following order: 





io 



JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 




Lyman E. Johnson. 1. 
Brighain Young, 2. 
Heber C. Kaniball, 3. 
Orson Hyde. 4. 
David W. Patten, 5. 
Luke Johnson, 6. 



William E. MoLellin, 

John P. Boynton, 8. 
Orson Pratt, 9. 
William Smith, 10. 
Thomas B. Marsh, 11. 
Parley P. Pratt, 12. 



This was the order in which they were called; but they 
were afterward.- arranged to stand in the quorum according 
to age— the oldest first, the next oldest second, etc. Accor- 
ding to age their names stood as follows: Thomas B. Marsh, 
I 'avid W. Patten, Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, 
Orson Hyde, William E. McLellin, Parley P. Pratt, Luke 
-Johnson, William Smith, Orsou Pratt, John F. Boynton and 
Lyman E. Johnson. 

The fir>t three called were ordained at the same meeting 
at which they were selected; the others were ordained 
subsequently. They had a solemn charge given them upon 
the nature of their calling and duties. 

At a council held shortly afterwards, composed of the First 
Presidency and nine of the Twelve, Joseph gave the Twelve 
instructions respecting keeping a strict record of all their 
proceedings and decisions, and pointed out to them the im- 
portance of so doing. On the 28th of February, 1835, Joseph 
and his coun-elors commenced to select certain individuals 
from the brethren who went up to Zion in the Camp, to 
begin the organization of the first quorum of the Seventies, 
to travel under the direction of the Twelve Apostles. The 
next day Joseph Young was ordained, as one of the Presidents 
of the Seventies, which position he has continued to fill, 
amid all the changes which have been made, and the many 
vicissitudes which the Church has passed, until the present, 
when the Seventies are numbered by thousands. Joseph, in 
giving instructions respecting the Seventies, said: ''if the 
first Seventy are all employed, and there is a call for more 
laborers, it will be the duty of the seven Presidents of the 
first Seventy to call and ordain other Seventy and send them 
forth to labor in the vineyard, until, if needs be, they set 
apart seven times seventy, and even until there are one 
hundred and forty-four thousand set apart for the ministry." 
On tin- tth of May, 1835, the Twelve Apostles started from 
Kirtland on their mission to the Eastern States. From that 
mis-ion they returned to Kirtland, Sept. 26th, of thai year. 

In the beginning of July, a Mr. Chandler visited Kirtland 
for the purpose of exhibiting four Egyptian mummies 
which he bad. Be also had some rolls of papyrus' which 
were covered with writing and figures. Hearing that Joseph 
could translate these writings, Mr. Chandler brought some of 
the characters to him, which Joseph interpreted. These 
mummies and th papyrus were afterwards bought by some 
of the Sain!-, and -I iseph, to his great joy, found that one 
roll contained the writings of Abraham, and another the 
writings of Joseph who was sold into Egypt. The Book of 
Abraham was translated by Joseph, and it was afterwards 
published in the Timet mnl Seasons al Nauvoo, andcannow 
be found in the Pearl of 'in.it I ri<x. 

At a general assembly of the Church held in Kirtland. 
\ 1 1 _• u - r 17th, 1835 the Book of Doctrine and Covenants was 
presented to the ChHrch for it- acceptance. The book was 
approved, and accepted as a law and a rule of faith and 
practice to tl I h by the assembly. Josoph and Fred- 

erick Q. Williams were absent on a visit to Michigan, and 
• Miver ( lowdery and Sidney Rigdon presided over the assembly. 




* — Papyrus w;i- hi Kgyptl ra plant, the inner i> itt of winch the ancient! 
rmerly mode Into writing paper. 



^ |f>iji la <|ttt{ ^ittijiatle^ 



CHAPTER XXIV. 



BY HUGH KNOUGH. 



At last we have left far behind the islands of New Zealand. 
For the few hours we remained in sight of its shores, we 
experienced far more of heavy seas and rough weather than 
we did during our whole trip down the Pacific Ocean; for, as 
you know, it is far safer and more comfortable to be out in the 
open ocean than sailing in sight of land. Five days we have 
been at sea, on board this pretty little colonial steamer, and 
we hope by to-morrow to gain sight of Australia, to which 
we are steaming at the rate of from fifteen to sixteen knots an 
hour, in a north westerly direction. 

Here let us underetand the difference between "Australasia" 
and "Australia." The former name is given to a division of 
the globe of indefinite limits, but popularly includes the island 
continent of Australia, Van Dieman's Land, New Zealand, 
New Calidonia, the New Hebrides, Papua, or New Gumea, 
and a vast number of other islands. The most northern point 
of Australasia is the large island last named, and in the south 
it extends to the Antartic Circle. Australasia means southern 
Asia. 

Australia, or, as it was formerly called, New Holland, is the 
largest island in the world; or, more properly, a sea girt con- 
tinent, being more than two-thirds the size of Europe. It 
lies to the south of Asia, between the Indian and Pacific 
Ocean, and between Lat. 10° 39' and 39° 11' S., and extending 
from Long. 113° to 153° E. Its greatest breadth is 2,400 
miles, and from its most northern to its southern point 1,900 
miles. Taking up such a vast latitude, it will be seen that it 
has both a temperate and tropical climate. Although, having 
some fine harbors, its coast line is unlike that of New Zealand, 
being very indentated. The most prominent arms of the sea 
are the Gulf of Cirpentaria on the north, and Spencer's Gulf 
on the south. A ridge of steep, but not lofty, mountains run 
along a great portion of the east coast, while the south coast 
has a low and sandy surface. The north and west coasts, so 
far as they have been explored, are also generally low, with 
some moderate elevation at intervals. The interior of Aus- 
tralia is believed to consist of an immense plain, with hills 
rising from it like islands. The geology of this country is 
remarkable for its simplicity and uniformity. The strike of 
the rocks and the direction of the principal chain of hills, is, 
with one exception, the same throughout the country, that is 
from north to south. 

The British have established colonies at different points on 
tlii- great island, but none have, as yet, pushed more than 
:;ni) miles inland; so that the interior can still be considered an 
unknown land. Some adventurers have indeed penetrated a 
considerable way in the interior, but their reports contain little 
to tempt followers; their descriptions of this interior country 
being to the effect that it consists of alternate sand hills and 
prairies, with no trace of vegetation, as far as the eye could 
reach. They also de*cribe a stony-bound desert towards the north. 

The best portions of Australia lie in the south and east, 
and are- being well and thickly colonized, there being large 
fact- of good land available for the farmer and grazier. 
Hi-', also, the fine-t scenery on the continent is to be met 
with, composed of beautiful and picturesque woodlands, rocky 





JUTB1TILE UsTSTRUCTOB. 



11 




hights and deep ravines, the verdure and animal life of which 
is most wonderful, and unknown in any other portion of the 
earth. 

The principal mountains are the Warrangongs. or, as the 
colonists call them, the Australian Alps, and the Blue Mount- 
ains, (from their looking a bright blue at a distance) and the 
Liverpool Range. These mountains lie in the south-east of 
the island, and the hight of their precipices and depth of 
their chasms are tremendous; in fact, they appear as if the 
earth around, from some great force had subsided or- been 
washed away, leaving immense hollows and gulfs, and exposing 
to view to the depth of 2,000 feet, the very ribs of the 
mountains. Though so formidable, these mountains do not 
reach a great hight; that is, compared with the Rocky Mount- 
ains, for the highest peak, Mount Koskiosko, though covered 
with perpetual snow, is only 0,500 feet high. This mountain 
has been ascended by Europeans, and from its summit extends 
a view of 7,000 square miles, while immediately beneath the 
spectator, yawns a gulf of 3,000 feet perpendicular depth. 
Many of the Australian mountains show evidences of their 
being extinct volcanoes. Of these, the most remarkable are 
Mount Gambier and Mount Lehank. The latter has five 
craters, each about three-fourths of a mile in diameter, and 
all now filled with water. 

To he Continued. 



a.it i iisr id i ^ zrsr visiotst. 



BY O. W. II 1 1.1,. 




IN a former article I gave an account of my first day's work 
at baptizing the Indians on Bear River, after they had 
applied to me so many times to do so. I then promised to 
give the readers of the Instructor something more on the 
Indian question, and I shall now tell the reason those Lainan- 
ites were impelled to ask for baptism. 

Four years ago last summer some of those Indians were 
encamped on the south side of Salt Lake, west of Skull 
Valley, when one day three suange men came into the lodge 
of the chief, whose name was Kch-up-wy, and after seating 
themselves commenced talkine to him on religious matters. 
This seemed so strange to him that he turned and scrutinized 
them closely. The visitors were evidently Indians, as they 
had the Indian complexion. One of them was a very large, 
broad shouldered man. quite good looking; the other two were 
rather below the medium size. The large one was spokesman. 
They told him that the "Mormons' " God was the true God, and 
that He and the Indians' Father were one; that he must go to 
the "Mormons," and they would tell him what to do, and that 
he must do it; that he must be baptized, with all his Indians; 
that the time was at hand for the Indians to gather, and stop 
their Indian life, and learn to cultivate the earth and build 
houses, and live in them. They then said to him 'Look!" 
He turned his head, and, although he was sitting in his lodge 
he saw all this northern country about Bear River and Malad. 
He saw small farms all over it with grain growing very finely, 
and small houses dotted here and there all over the land. 
He saw a'so that these were Indians' houses, and that there 
were a great many Indians at work, and apparently feeling 
first rate. He noticed also a few white men there showing 
the Indians how to work, one of whom he recognized as 
myself. What seemed more strange than anything else was 
that he could see down the canyons on both sides of the 
mountains, as he might do if he occupied a position in the 



air above them. After viewing this scene for some time, he 
turned his eyes in another direction, but not being satisfied 
he looked around to see more of it, when, to his surprise 
there was nothing visible before him but the bare side of the 
lodge. The visitors then told him that when he got his house 
built and got to living in it, they would come again to see 
him; they also said something he did not understand, when 
he turned to ask them an explanation, but, lo! they were gone. 
J lis buffalo robes were lying just as they had been, but no 
visitors were there. 

The Indians immediately broke camp and came after me, 
and wanted me to baptize them, saying that their women and 
children wanted to be baptized as well as the men, and that 
it was not good for them to come to Ogden to have the 
ordinance attended to. They kept importuning for baptism, 
coming after me as often as once in every week or fortnight 
until the following spring, when I went and did my first day's 
work. 

Ech-up-wy did not tell me at the first about this vision, nor 
in fact, any one else; nor could he be made to believe that the 
place where they are now located was the proper place for 
them to make farms, although President Young directed that 
they should locate there, until, when work on the irrigating 
canal was commenced, he viewed from an eminence the very 
scene that was shown him in his vision. After that he was 
satisfied that he was at work in the right place, and told me 
of his vision, and his reason for demanding baptism. 

As to whom the men were who visited Kch-up-wy, the 
readers can form their own conjecture; but one thing I can 
say, he has tried as hard to carry out the instructions given 
him as any man I ever saw. He has now got his house built, 
as have quite a number of others, and they fool like gettintr 
up out of the dirt. 



Shin Affectation. — There is nothing more beautiful in a 
young man than simplicity of character. It is honest, frank, 
and attractive. How different is affectation! The simple 
minded are always natural. They are at the same time 
original. The affected arc never natural. And as for origin- 
ality, if they ever had it, they have crushed it out and buried 
it from sight, utterly, lie yourself, then, young friend. To 
attempt to be anybody else is worse than folly. It is an 
impossibility to attain it. It is contemptible to try. But 
suppose you could succeed in imitating the greatest man that 
ever figured in history, would that make you any the greater? 
By no means. You would always suffer in comparison with 
the imitated one, and be thought of only as the shadow of a 
substance — the echo of a real sound — the counterfeit of a 
pure coin. 

Dr. Johnson aptly compared the heartless imitator — for 
such is he who aff'e.-ts the character of another — to the 
Empress of Russia, when she did the freakish thing of erect- 
ing a palace of ice. It was splendid and conspicuous while it 
Ia6ted, but the sun soon melted it, and caused its attractions 
to dissolve 1 1 1 u* common water, while the humblest stone 
cottages of her subjects stood firm and unmarrcd. 

Let. the fabric of your character, though ever so humble, 
be at least real. Avoid affecting the character of another, 
however grept! Build up your own. He what God intended 

you to he yourself, and not somebody else, Shun affectation I 



GOOD words and good deed- are the rent we owe for the air 
we breath'.'. 




12 



JUYBUILE HTSTBTJOTO 



Words by K. Alldridge. 
With Spirit: 



Music by E. Beesley. 




Praise ye the 

a. 






:g= 



Lord om 



PE 



-I I 



:& 



po 



I 
tent, Who 



m 



*i=&- 



i . 

form d 




IPJE^^ISIE YE THE LOBD 



22 



the 



23: 






I »- 



:fc=S= 



worlds on 



high 



3=H 

22XZH 




3== 



237. 



:c£ 



-oL 



23 1 : 



:22: 



-^~ 



tion's 

I 



TRht 



do 



main Thro' 



out 



Ili^ie 



-s^ 



s 




vaulted 



4=1= 



^ 



sky. 
— <s>- 



He bade the worlds in order move, 
He gave them form and place; 

Creative power he thus displays 
Through all extended space. 

He made the world on which we dwel 
He gave the heavens their span; 

To glorify His name on earth 
He sent His creature, man 



And when from light and truth he fled, 
And darkness ruled supreme, 

He sent the gospel from on high 
His creatures to redeem. 

That man again might dwell with God 
In realms of light and loye; 

praise Him, all ye saints on earth, 
Praise Him ve saints above. 



SU1TDAT LESSONS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TF i HISTORY OK JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XLV. 




Q.— What was the trumpet sounded at night and morning for? 

A. — F".- the brethren to have prayers in their tents. 

Q. — Wen- the brethren contented and united during their 
travels? 

A. — No; ■■ fault-finding and rebellious. 

Q. — What was the result of such conduct among them? 

A. — The Lord sent the cholera among them, and some of them 
died. 

Q. — When the Camp arrived near Clay County, who tried to 
misc an army t" go and fight them? 

A. — A VhiIpt of the mob by the name of James Campbell. 

<i— What happened to him while crossing the Missouri? 

A. — II'- and sis others were drow 1. 

(±. — Where ■• is J iseph and the < Samp on the 19th of June? 

A.— They camped between the Little and Big Fishing Rivers. 

Q — What threat was made by the mob who had been collect- 
ing together? 

A. — That they would "kill Joe Smith and his army." 

y. — What prevented them from doing it? 

A.— The Lord -nn t an awfi . ind hail. 

<J. — W ■■:' ■ did opon the n 

A.- It killed oi f them and the i ned home. 

Q.— Who were saved and protected by it? 

A.— The Prophet Joseph o 'amp. 

V. — II v. . ' the mob feel while the storm was raging? 

A.— They felt thai Qod was fighting for the Saints. 

Q. — II f high did Fishing Biv r rise during the night of the 
storm? 

A. — Nearly forty f 



Tiif. wisest way to trent calumny is to live in such :i manner 
th it a •••ill believe it. 



e usr i a- :m: .a. . 



BY T. GREEN. 



I am composed of eighteen letters: 

My 1, 8, 16 is dark; 

My 2, 5, 0, 16, 4 is to bind together; 

My 3, 4, 5, 6, 15, 8 is a beautiful city; 

My 4, 5, 10, 14, 9 afflicts lazy people; 

My 5, 6, 7, 8 is a noted river; 

My 6, 17, 2 is an acknowledgment of a debt; 

My 7, 8, 10, 12, 9, 10 is how I lost my umbrella; 

My 8, 10 is the name of a settlement near Salt Lake City; 

My 9, 13, 17, 5 is a metal; 

My 10, 8, 12 is a snare; 

My 11, 12, 18, 8, 4, 1G is a part of a city; 

My 12, 13, 17, 16 is something a horse does; 

My 13, 17, 11, 4 is a flower; 

My 14, 16, 12, 8, 13 is to speak; 

My 15, 17, 13, 10, 4, 18 is part of a right angle; 

My 16, 14, 10, S is something necessary in singing; 

My 17, 3, 4, o is very useful in the household; 

My 18, 8, 11, 16 is what you may do when you have solved this; 

My whole is very instructive and amusing, and very popular 
Qg the young of this Territory. 



vJTJATE2nTIXjE iiststi^tjotoi^ 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 

GEORGE Q. CAN NON. - - - - - - EDITOR. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 

On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

.^»~Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 



.£> 



