"BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING 
GET UNDERSTANDING." 




THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, NOVEMBER 1. 1867. 



NO. 21. 



T HE IE DBAWIISTG OIF LOTS 



NO doubt most of the readers of the Juvenile Instructor 
have heard how the Lord, of old, led the children of 
Israel out of Egypt, with mighty power and an outstretched 
arm, and guided them to the land he had long before promised 
to their father Abraham. 

In their journey in the wilderness, as they neared the borders 



discouraging to the Israelites. They said the land was indeed 
a land flowing with milk and honey, fruitful in the extreme, 
but the inhabitants were giants of such immense size, that they 
(the spies) were but as grasshoppers compared with them, and 
their cities were too strongly fortified to be ever captured by 
Israel. This news caused the people to murmur. They 




of th's promised land, God commanded Moses to send forward 
twelve men, chosen from the princes of the tribes of Israel, to 
spy out the land. These men were instructed to bring back a 
report of the people who dwelt in the land, if they were few or 
many, strong or weak; of the land, if it was pood or bad, fat 
or lean; of the cities, if they were walled strongholds, or merely 
collections of tents; in fact, to bring back word of every thing 
that would help the Israelites to possess the country. They 



went, and after forty days, returned. 



determined to return to Egypt, and sought to elect a captain to 
lead them back. This mad project made the Lord very angry; 
and be would have destroyed all Israel bad not Moses plead for 
them and softened his anger. As it was, ho decreed that this 
people should wander forty years in the wilderness before he 
would permit them to enter Canaan, and that all of those who, 
when they rebelled, were above twenty years old should die 
before those forty years were passed. There were two, how- 



Their report was most, | ever, whom the Lord spared. They were Joshua of the tribe 




^ 16S 



J" TJ "V IE 1ST I L El IITSTBUCTOB 






\ 
p"V 



of Ephraim, and Caleb of Judah. And why were they pre- 
served? Because they were two of the spies, and, unlike the 
others, did not bring back a lying report: and then, when Israel 
rebelled, they stood by the Lord and Moses, and strove to 
persuade the Hebrews to advance, as the Lord had delivered 
the Canaanites into their hands. But the foolish tribes of 
Israel answered their entreaties by seeking to stone thuiu to 
death. 

Time wore on. The forty years were passed. The word of 
the Lord had been fulfilled. All the meu of Israel who came 
out of Egypt had fallen on the journey. Moses himself had 
been taken from them. Joshua and Caleb alone remained. 
Then Joshua led the armies of Israel. And he was mighty in 
the power of Jehovah, for the Lord was with him, as He was 
with His servant Moses, so that none could stand against him, 
and he feared not the enemies of Israel, nor turned to the 
right, nor to the left in subduing them. He led the twelve 
tribes across the Jordan; they entered the land of the Canaan- 
ites, and conquered thirty-one of their kings. The walls of the 
mighty strongholds, which the spies were so alarmed at, fell 
down at his approach; they crumbled to dust at Israel's appear- 
ing. Even the earth was stayed in its course, so that the sun 
and moon appeared to staud still, to enable Joshua the more 
fully to destroy his enemies. 

Soon after this the Lord appeared to Joshua, and told him, 
that as he was growing old. he had better gather the Elders of 
the twelve tribes of Israel, and divide the country by lot 
amongst them, as Moses had commanded. By so doing, each 
tribe could receive its inheritance and destroy the remnants of 
the former inhabitants who still dwelt therein; for many of 
them, though subdued, were not entirely driven out and des- 
troyed. 

Reuben and Gad had already received their inheritances on 
the east side of the river Jordan. So Joshua called Eleazer, 
the priest, to his side, and gathered the elders of the remaining 
tribes, who there drew lots for the people they presided over. 
It is this scene that is represented in our engraving. Joshua 
is standing at his tent door directing the movements of the 
elders. Eleazer, the son of Aaron, is sitting by his side, watch- 
ing with great interest the drawing of the lots. In the front 
of them is a youth holding an urn. in which are placed the 
papers containing the boundaries of the different allotments, 
while Caleb and the various elders who represent their tribes 
are each in turn drawing a paper from the urn, which decides 
the bounds of their inheritance. Thus was Canaan divided to 
the tribes of Israel. 

Joshua lived for more than twenty years after this, when 
feeling that the time of his death was drawing near, he 
gathered the Elders of Israel together and called to their 
remembrance all that God had done for them. He finished 
his address with these words, so well worthy of Israel's remem- 
brance: ''And if it seem evil to you to serve the Lord, choose 
you this day whom ye will serve, whether the gods which your 
fathers served that were on the other side of the flood, or the 
gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me 
and my house we will serve the Lord" 

Then all the people covenanted to serve the Lord, which 
covenant we are sorry to tell you they soon broke after the death 
of Joshua. 

Joshua died soon after, being one hundred and ten years old; 
and they buried him in Mount Ephraim. It is generally sup- 
posed he was born in Egypt 1537 years before the birth of 
Christ, which would bring his death to 1427 years before that 
event. 

From all we are told of Joshua he appears to have been a 
man who, from his earliest youth to his latest years, was ever 
found faithful to the God of Israel. His devotion never 



wavered; his courage never faltered; his zeal never slackened 
for Israel's good. He was a man whom God delighted to bless, 
and who proved his fitness for the blessing of the Lord by his 
life of devotedness to the welfare of those over whom he was 
appointed to stand. G. R. 



HZIISTTS 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ABOUT HEJ^LTH. 



IT is of the utmost importance that we should learn how to 
preserve the health of our bodies. It is the greatest of 
earthly blessings and no very extensive or permanent good can 
be done without it. Men and women or boys and girls may be 
filled with good desires and intentions, but if they have not 
good health they will not be able to do half the good that they 
desire to. When people are sick they are generally irritable, 
cross and weakly, and if they continue to suffer from ill health 
they become nervous, fidgetty, miserable, and often very dis- 
agreeable both to themselves and others. Besides, they are not 
likely to live so long as they ought to, and consequently can not 
accomplish so much as they coidd if they lived longer. We 
see numbers of people, both old and young, who are sickly and 
feeble, and a great many little children as well as older persons 
die, either through their own ignorance or that of their 
parents. 

Now the Lord never intended that children should be sick 
and puny and die before they grow up to be men and women, 
and where such is the case it is, in most instances, the fault 
either of themselves, their parents or guardians. If we under- 
stood and paid more attention to the nature and requirements 
of our bodies, most of us would be healthier and consequently 
happier and wiser and would live much longer. It is not 
necessary that every boy and girl should become a doctor in 
order to learn how to enjoy good health. The laws of health 
are generally very simple and easy to be understood. The Lord 
has given us some very plain directions on the subject in these 
days. He says that hot or strong drinks are not good for us. 
The long-continued use of hot drinks weakens the stomach, 
destroys its digestive powers, induces dyspepsia, changes the 
complexion and makes people look old almost before they are 
young. Strong drinks destroy the nervous system, excite and 
madden the brain and cause people to do many wicked things 
which they would not do if they were not under their influence. 
Again, the Lord says we should not eat much meat. It has 
been proved that people who live principally upon meat are 
generally more hasty, animal and savage in their natures than 
those who live chiefly on vegetable food. IS'ow as we all believe 
that God knows what is best for us, we cannot expect to enjoy 
good health if we do not obey His directions. He has also 
said we should go to bed early and get up early. There are 
many, however, who are very zealous to adopt one portion of 
the word of w T isdom while they neglect other eqally important 
points. They use no strong drinks, but they chew tobacco; 
they eat no meat, but drink strong and hot tea and coffee; or if 
they let these alone they neglect to go to bed and get up early, 
but instead sit up half the night and lie in bed half the day. 
What wonder that so many are sick, or that so many puny 
children are born into the world. 

Now if our little readers desire to enjoy good health, we can 
tell them a few simple rules, by observing which they will be 
greatly benefited. Do not use hot or intoxicating drinks nor 
chew tobacco. Eat but little meat, when you can get good 
bread, vegetables and fruit. Go to bed early and get up to see 
the Min rise, drink freely of good, cold water. Accustom your- 
selves to wash all over, every day, in cold water, and rub your- 
selves well after with a coarse towel; this will not only make you less 



ygv 






«SM 




JUYE1TILB I1TSTRUCTOE 



liable to take cold, but will preserve the freshness and purity, of 
your skins and keep your nervous systems in a healthy condition. 
Be careful to keep out of drafts of cold air, especially when 
you are warm with exercise, but always breathe plenty of fresh 
air, especially in your bed rooms — have the latter well-ventilated 
in winter and summer. Take a good deal of exercise in the 
open air. If you should get your feet wet, or be wet through 
with rain, come in, change your clothes and rub yourselves with a 
coarse towel, and especially your feet, until your skin is com- 
fortably warm. Have your meals, as far as possible, at regular 
hours. Do not make a practice of eating between meals, it 
will eventually injure your stomach and impair your digestion. 
Children need to eat oftener than old people, but if they have 
four or five meals a day they should be at regular times. 

We might tell you many more things that would be for your 
good, but these are enough for the present. You will not be 
able to understand all that we have written on this subject, but 
it is as much for your parents as for you, and if you will ask 
them they will explain it to you. 

If you will be oftreful to obey the Lord's directions as revealed 
in the "Word of Wisdom," he has promised that you shall 
enjoy health and strength; and then if, after doing the best you 
know how, you should get sick, you can ask your father, or any 
of the elders of the church, to anoint you with consecrated 
oil and bless you in the name of Jesus, and it you exercise faith 
in him, the Lord will make you well. W. H. S. 



Hi I IF IE O IF 1 G- IE O tt O- IE 

STEPHENSOIT. 



Taken from a little work — The Rocket— published by the 
American Tract Society. 



CHAPTER III. — WHO BEGAN RAILROADS — PUFFING BILLY. 



IMPROVEMENTS thus far had centred on the roads. To con. 
vey heavy loads easier and faster was the point aimed at. 
Nobody had yet thought of self-going teams. Watt, the father of 
steam engines, said steam carriages might be built. He, how- 
ever, never tried one; but rather left the idea to sprout in the 
brain of an old pupil of his, William Murdock, who did con- 
struct a very small one, running on thin wheels and heated by 
a lamp. It was a curious success in its way, and set other 
minds thinking. 

One of these was a tin-miner of Cornwall, Capt. Trovethick, 
a friend of Murdock, who joined a cousin of his in getting a 
patent for building a steam-carriage. It was built, and an odd 
piece of machinery it was. It run on four wheels over a com- 
mon road, looked like a stage coach, and delighted both the 
inventor and his friends. They determined to exhibit it at 
London. While on its journey, driving it one day at the top of 
its speed, they saw a toll-gate in the distance; not being able to 
check it in time, bum]) it went against the gate, which flew 
open in a trice, leaving the affrighted tollman, in answer to their 
inquiries, "How much to pay?" only able to gasp out, "No — 
nothing to pay — drive; off as fast as you can! nothing to pay!" 

It reached London in safety, and was sonic time on exhibition. 
Multitudes flocked to see it, and some called it a fiery dragon. 

"Ah," said Sir Humphrey Davy, very much interested in 
the invention, "I hope to sec the captain's dragons on all the 
roads of England yet." 

But the captain exhibited it only as a curiosity, the unevencss 
of the roads rendering it for all practical purposes a failure; and 
the captain had neither pluck nor genius enough to lay or clear 
a track for it himself. This was in ISO.'!. 

The idea, however, was in England, lodging itself here and 
there in busy brains; until, at last, a colliery owner in New- 




castle, seeing the great advantage of having a locomotive on 
his tram-roads, determined to try what he could do. Accord- 
ingly he had one built after the Cornish captain's model. It 
burst up at starting. Noways baffled, he tried again. The 
engine proved a clumsy affair, moved at a snail's pace, 
often got off the rails, and at length, voted by the workmen a 
"perfect plague," it was taken off. The unsuccessful inventor 
was called a fool by his neighbors, and his efforts an apt illustra- 
tion that "the fool and his money are soon parted." In spite 
of failure, Mr. Blackett had faith that the thing could be done. 
He built a third, and ran it on the tram-road that passed by 
old Bob Stephenson's cottage door. And George at his colliery, 
seven miles off, as you may suppose, listened to every account 
of it with profound interest. Over he went as often as he 
could to see "Black Billy," as the loco-notive was called, a 
rough specimen of machinery at best, doing very little service 
beyond what a good horse could do. 

George carried "Black Billy" back in his mind to Killingworth, 
studying its defects and laying plans to improve it. I do not 
know how long he was coming to it, but he at length gave it as 
his opinion that he could make a better "traveling engine" 
than that. 

Tidings came to Killingworth about this time that the trial of 
a new engine was to take place on a certain day at Leeds, and 
George did not lose the chance of being present. Though the 
engine moved no faster than three miles an hour, its con- 
structor counted it a success. It proved, however, unsteady 
and unreliable, and at last blew up, which was the end of it. 

What did George think then? He more than ever wanted 
to try his hand at the business. Lord Bavensworth, knowing 
enough of Stephenson to have faith in him, hearing of this, 
advanced means for the enterprise. Good tools and good work- 
men were alike wanting; but after much labor, alteration, and 
anxiety, in ten months' time the engine was completed and put 
on the railway, July 25, 1814. 

Although the best yet made, it was awkward and slow. It 
carried eight loaded wagons of thirty tons weight at a speed not 
above four miles an hour. The want- of springs occasioned a 
vast deal of jolting, which damaged the machinery, and at the 
close of a year's trial, it was found about as costly as horse- 
power. 

How to increase the power of his engine? that was the puz- 
zling question which George studied to answer. He wrestled with 
it day and night, and at length determined to try again. 

In due time another was built, "Puffing Billy," which most 
persons looked upon as a marvel, but shaking their heads, 
prophesied it would make a terrible blow-up some day. 
"Puffing Billy," however, went to work and worked steadily on, 
a vast advance on all preceding attempts. It attracted little or no 
attention outside the narrow circle of the collieries. The great 
men of England did not know that in a far-off nook of the 
realm, there was slowly generating a power, under the persis- 
tent thought of an humble working man. which before many 
years would revolutionize the trade of the kingdom and create 
a new souro* of wealth. 

"Puffing Billy," in fact, humble as its pretentions were, has 
proved to have been the type of all locomotives since. 

Had George Stephenson satisfied himself? No. His even- 
ings were chiefly spent at home with his son Robert, now under 
him in the colliery, studying and discussing together how to 
evoke the hidden power yet pent up in "Puffing Billy." The 
son was even more sanguine than his father, and many an 
amendment had Billy to undergo to satisfy the quick intellect 
and practical judgment of the youth. 

Mr. Stephenson, delighted with Robert's scientific tastes and 
skill, and ever alive to the deficiencies of his own education, 
was anxious to give him still i'nrlher advantages. For this 
purpose he took him from a promising post at the colliery and 
sent him to the University of Edinburgh. 

Here he enjoyed a six months' course of study; and so well 
prepared was he fur it by his well-formed habits of application 
and thinking, that he gained in six months as much as many a 
student did in three years. Certain it was his father felt amply 
repaid for the drafi it made on his purse, when Robert rcap- 
peared at the cottage in the spring, witli a prize for successful 
scholarship in mathematics. He was eighteen then. 
To be Continued. 



b«5^- 





164: 



J" TJ ~V !E3 2sT I L El I1TSTETJCTOE. 



€>Tu SuhmiU fttssfottcfor* 



% 



f 



GEORGE Q. C'A.iV:VO:>', : EDITOK. 

NOVEMBER 1, 1867. 

third volxj hvl'" iii "" " 



NEARLY two years Lave elapsed since we commenced the 
publication of the Juvenile Instructor, and we are 
now approaching the close of the Second Volume. It appears 
to be a proper time to ask the questions: Is it a useful paper? 
Does it fulfill its mission? Do its readers find profit in its peru- 
sal? Can they still continue to patronize it? Our subscribers are 
familiar with our little sheet, and have had opportunities of 
judging of its merits; they can, therefore, answer these ques- 
tions themselves. We trust they can do so favorably. 

For Volume Three, we have procured a fine variety of engrav- 
ings, which have been selected with great care and at consider- 
able expense, by Elder John W. Young, expressly for the 
Instructor. We have also ordered from the east paper and 
ink of extra good qualities. We are desirous of making the 
Juvenile Instructor a paper unexceptionable in its contents 
and appearance and every way worthy of the patronage of the 
parents in our church. From very many quarters we have 
already received assurances of the good it is accomplishing and 
the favor with which it is received by young and old. This is 
very gratifying, and our prayer is that its influence for good will 
keep on increasing until it will be hailed as a welcome visitor 
by every household in the Territory. 

The education of our young is a subject which, we are happy 
to know, occupies a large share of the thoughts and attention 
of our leading men. It is right that it should be so; for how 
can we reasonably expect to become the people that the 
prophets, both ancient and modern, have seen in vision and 
described in such eloquent terms, if we neglect the instruction 
of our children? If faithful, they will move in a very different 
sphere to that in which their parents have acted. To do so 
honorably, they will require higher qualifications and greater 
endowments than those possessed by their parents. They, 
therefore, who neglect their children, and suffer them to grow 
up in ignorance, not only inflict a wrong upon their posterity, 
but also upon the work of God. 

It was to aid in this great labor of education that the Juven- 
ile Instructor was issued. A publication of the kind, it was 
thought, was needed. Two years of experience in this business 
has not changed our views respecting it. 

Our object in writing upon this subject at the present time is 
to call the attention of our agents and friends, thus early, to 
the sending in of names of subscribers for the ensuing volume. 
If we receive the names before the close of this volume, we 
will then know what number of copies with which to commence 
the publication of the Third Volume. We are not in a posi- 
tion to issue a large number of extra copies to keep on hand, 
with the hope of their being subscribed for after the volume is 
partly issued. Between this and the close of this present 
volume every settlement can be thoroughly canvassed, and the 
names of all who wish to subscribe can be secured and forward- 
ed to us. Another reason for giving our agents time is, that 
we wish to have the pay for the ensuing volume collected 
according to the terms first published — namely, in ADVANCE. 
We find ourselves forced to ask this of our friends. It is but 
a small matter for each of them to pay the price of a subscrip- 
tion; and when properly understood, no one can be averse to • 
doing so. i 



We shall feel much obliged if our agents south of Fillmore 
City will collect the outstanding pay due on the Instructor 
and report to us the kind, quantity, etc. 




AT our recent Conference measures were taken to organize a 
Sunday School Union. The Bishops and leading men 
from the various counties were requested to select one or more 
brethren from each county as delegates to the Union, and who 
would also act as Superintendents of Sunday Schools in the 
different counties. An organization of this kind will be the 
means, if properly managed, of introducing system into our 
Sunday School operations. Books for libraries are needed by 
the different Sunday Schools in the territory, and would be pur- 
chased very extensively if suitable arrangements could be made. 
By having a President, Treasurer and Secretary in this city the 
delegates throughout the Territory can obtain whatever infor- 
mation they need on any subject connected with Sunday 
Schools, and if books, etc., are needed can be informed how to 
make the best turns to obtain them. After the children of a 
settlement or ward have read the books they have purchased 
for a library, an exchange can be made, through the 
Sunday School Union, with some other settlement or ward 
for their books. By ordering new books also through 
the Union, they can be bought at cheaper rates than they could 
be if bought by an individual, and a judicious selection of suit- 
able works can also be made. By this means uniformity will be 
preserved. We have seen books in the Territory, which have 
been sent for to the East, that we would not permit a child, over 
whom we had any control, to look at. Better the children have 
no reading at all than to have their minds poisoned by reading 
works filled with sectarian folly. We have filled several orders 
from different wards this season for the purchase of books for 
Sunday School libraries. The kind of books and the terms of 
purchase can not fail, we feel assured, to give satisfaction to 
those for whom they were bought. 

We are now prepared also to furnish Sunday School tickets 
of every kind to those who may wish them. These tickets will 
contain selections from the Bible, Book of Mormon and Doc- 
trine and Covenants. Orders for Books or Tickets, if sent to us, 
will meet with prompt attention. 



BIBLE QUESTIOITS 

INSERTED IN NUMBER 19, NOW RE-INSERTED WITH THEIR 
ANSWERS. 



1. What were the last words of Jesus? 

FATHER INTO THY HANDS I COMMEND MY 
SPIRIT. St. Luke, xxiii chap., 40 verse. 

2. Upon what island was St. Paul cast when he was ship- 
wrecked? 

MEJJITA. Romans, xxviii chap., 1 verse. 

3. Who succeeded David to the throne of Israel. 
SOLOMON, i Kings, ii chap., 12 verse. 

4. What prophet slew Agag when spared by Saul? 
SAMUEL. 1 Samuel, xv chap., 3:3 verse. 

5. Who was the father of Zebedee's children? 
ZEBEDEE. 

6. In whose days did the ten and half tribes revolt from the 
rule of the descendants of David? 

RE HOBO AM. Read ii Chron., x chap. 

7. What king of Israel killed himself when defeated in battle 
by the Philistines? 

SAUL, i Samuel, xxxi chap., 4 veise. 

8. What noted prophet lived in the days of king Ahab? 
ELIJAH, THE TISHBITE. i Kings, xxi chap., 17-24 

verses. 



A mind that is conscious of its integrity, scorns to say more 
than it means to perform. 



fec^ 





JTJVEITILB I1TSTSUCTOB 



165 " r-M 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ZE3I I S T O IR, 3T OIF JESUS 




CHAPTER VI. 

HERE is a pretty little picture, which represents Jesus talk- 
ing with the woman of Samaria. 

As Jesus was traveling from place to place, he entered one 
of the cities of Samaria called Sychar. Some land was there 
which the ancient patriarch Jacob, gave to his son Joseph (the 
same Joseph who was sold into Egypt.) On that land was a 
well of water, which you see represented in the engraving: it 
was called Jacob's well. And Jesus being weary with his jour- 
ney, sat down on the side of the well, to rest; and while he sat 
resting himself, the woman came to draw water, and Jesus ask- 
ed her to give hm a drink, for his disciples had all gone to the 
city to buy food, and Jesus was left alone. 

It was very unusual for Jesus to be alone, for he was so dif- 
ferent and taught so dif- 
ferently from the profes- 
sed teachers in Israel, 
that he attracted so 
niueh attention, that, 
when he wanted retire- 
ment, he had to go away 
into distant places, to get 
from the multitudes of 
people that continually 
nocked around him. 

What an honor it was 
to that woman of Sama- 
ria, to have the privi- 
lege of administering to 
Jesus a drink of water! 
But she was just as ig- 
norant as many people 
are now, when the ser- 
vants and prophets of 
God are in their midst, 
and they do not know it. 
She did not know Jesus, 
nor think that he was 
the Son of God, or she 
would not have answered him as she did, t 
was that he being a Jew, should ask drink of a Samaritain; 
for at that time, the Jews had no dealings with the Samaritans. 
Jesus told her that, if she had known the gift of God, and who 
it was that said "Give me to drink," she would have asked of 
him, and he would have given her living water. 

The woman did not understand him — she did not know what 
he meant by the gift of God and living watei; and she replied 
by saying that the well was deep, and he had nothing to draw 
with, and wanted him to tell her how he could get the living 
water. She said to him 'Art thou greater than our father 
Jacob, who gave us the well, and drank of it himself, his child- 
ren and his cattle?" Jesus then said to her, "He that drinks 
of this water will thirst again; but he that drinks of the water 
that I shall give, shall never thirst, but the water that I shall 
give him, shall be in him a well of water springing up into 
everlasting life." Jesus then told the woman to go and call her 
husband. He knew that she had no husband, but he wanted 
to prove her, whether she would tell the truth. She told him 
that she had none; and then he said to her that she truly spo- 
ken, for she had five, and the one she lived with then, was not 
her husband. She then began to think lie was a prophet, and 
listened attentively to him while he instructed her how God 
should be worshipped in spirit and in truth; and told her thai 
he was the Savior of whom the prophets had spoken. And she 




king him how it 



left her waterpot and went into the city, and told the people to 
come and see a man that told her all things that she ever did, 
and many came out to see him and believed on him. 

Before Jesus had done talking with the woman, his disciples 
returned from the city, and thought very strange, and wondered 
among themselves that he talked with her, but did not question 
him on the subject. He had told those who thought them- 
selves wise, that the publicans and harlots would go into the 
kingdom of God before them. Jesus came to save those that 
were lost, by teaching them to repent and forsake sin and live 
righteous and holy lives. It did not matter with him whether 
they were rich or poor — high or low — noble or ignoble — good or 
bad, if they would forsake every thing that was evil, be bap- 
tized for the remission of their sins, and then live by every word 
that is spoken by the mouth of God. 

It is much easier for those who are properly taught when 
they are small children, and learn when they are young, to do 

right, than it is for those 
who have indulged in 
bad habits, and yet, no 
one should feel discourag- 
ed, for Jesus did not, and 
will not reject any that 
will strive to keep his 
commandments. 

From Sychar Jesus 
went again into Cana of 
1 1 alilee, the place where 
he attended a wedding 
feast souie time before, 
and turned water into 
wine. A nobleman was 
ihere, who had a son 
lying very sick at Caper- 
naum; and he found 
Jesus and entreated hiui 
to go and heal his son. 
Jesus said to the man, 
"Except you see signs 
and wonders, you will 
not believe." But the 
man was afraid the child 
would die, and kept urging him to go immediately. And Jesus 
said to him, "Go your way, your son live?." The man believed 
the word and went his way: and as he was going, his servants 
met him and said, "Thy sou lives." And he inquired, and 
found that he began to recover at the same time that Jesus said 
to him, "Thy son lives." And the nobleman and his whole 
family believed. E. K. S. 



o^tzeoihiisim: 

FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



91. What did Joseph and other elders propose to buy in 
Jackson county? 

92. How did their propositions differ from those which were 
made by t ho mobbers to the Saints? 

93. Were their propositions accepted? 

<J4. What appeal did a n umber oi the leading elders make in 
July, 1834? 

lift. Was the trip made by Zion's Camp an easy or an arduous 
one? 

!ni. Who wore the sweet singers of the Camp? 

!I7. When did Joseph arrive ill Kirtlanu? 

lis. What did the editor of a paper published at Richmond, 
Indiana, state in his paper, the morning the company passed 
through that place on the return journey? 

99. Who of the Camp had circulated reports against Joseph's 

character, which required a council to be ea.ied to investigate 

the matter, alter his return to Kirtlaud? 
lOU. What was the result? 



«wa« gjjjm«..i oagaea»w^B g-~i ' .jiw-." g . w nwm. ■■ ■■ 





JUYB1TILE IITSTBUCTOR 



iitU Itwge* 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

LITTLE GEORGE AT SUNDAY SCHOOL. 

A TRUE STORY. 

[SECOND PART.] 

WHEN Little George and his new acquaintance had reached 
the street, on their way to the Sunday school, they saw 
that all the shops were closed, because it was Sunday. They 
had to walk along a very fine wide street, and the side walks of 
which were covered with broad stone flags, that were worn 
smooth with people walking on them. The trees and hedges in 
front of the houses had just come out in leaf, and the little 
robin-red-breasts were hopping and chirping, and flying after 
each other in the glorious spring sunshine. O how happy and 
joyous everything seemed, and the streets were filled with little 
boys and girls, cleanly washed and gaily dressed in their Sunday 
clothing, many of them carrying spring flowers, but their pretty 
blooming cheeks, and their happy, sparkling, bright eyes were 
the prettiest flowers in nature. What a contrast between this 
bright scene and the dark unswept shoe-maker's shop our little 
hero had left in the morning. He felt that he was himself 
again, and that he wanted to tell the little robin-red-breasts, 
and every boy and girl in t':e street, and the green trees and 
bright sunshine how happy they made him feel; he wanted to 
clap his hands and dance with glee. 

The boys and girls that were everywhere seen in the streets 
were also going to Sunday school; but perhaps not to the same 
Sunday school to which little George and his new acquaintance 
were going. There were a great many Sunday schools in the 
big city, and almost every boy and girl went to some one of 
them. 

There was a Sunday school called the Catholic Sunday school. 

Catholic means, liberal, general, all over the world. 

There are people who profess to be the true followers of 
Jesus. Christ known by the name of Catholic in America, and 
also in the country and big city where little George lived, and 
the person who presides over them is called the Pope; but they 
are not the true followers of Jesus Christ, neither is the pope 
a true prophet or apostle of Jesus Christ. 

Then there was another Sunday school known by the name 
of the "Presbyterian Sunday School." 

'"Presbyterian" is the name of another church or people who 
are presided over by a number of men, and that number of 
men are called the presbytery. Neither are they the true 
church of Jesus Christ. 

There was another Sunday school called the "Methodist 
Sunday School." 

"Methodist" is the name of another church, or people, who 
also think they are the true followers of Jesus Christ, and 
they are called Methodists, because they are so very strict in 
their lives and in their principles and rules; but they are not 
the true church of Jesus Christ. 

There was another Sunday school called the "Banter's 
Sunday school." 

This is a name given to another people who think they 
are the true church of Jesus Christ, and they are called 
"Ranters," because they sbout and scream until they are out 
of breath and fall down on the floor. When they pray, instead of 
letting one man pray and all the rest listen to him in silence, 




they all shout and pray together, making a ranting noise. They 
are not the true church of Christ. 

There were also a great many other Sunday schools in the big 
city, all known by different names, and belonging to different 
churches, but none of them was the true church of Christ. 

Little George's new master and mistress belonged to the 
Ranter's society, and it was to the Ranter's Sunday school that 
he and his new acquaintance were going. 

The Sunday schools in the big city were always opened at 
nine o'clock on Sunday mornings, and the church bells began 
to ring at ten o'elock, calling the people to meeting; relig- 
ious service commenced at half past ten o'clock. 

Little George and his new acquaintance reached the door of 
the Sunday school and went in. 

It was a plain brick building, situated not far from the chapel 
where religious meetings where held; and the chapel and the 
school where surrounded by high iron railings, painted black, 
the whole looking damp and sombre. 

Sombre means, dusky, shady, gloomy. 

The inside of the Sunday school was divided down through 
the centre by a board partition, about six feet high — the boys 
occupying the school on one side of the partition, and the girls 
the other side. 

There was a pulpit in the middle of the school, and in the 
centre of the partition. 

On both sides of the partition were placed benches without 
backs, so as to make a square class for little boys or girls, and 
a stool at the head of the class for the teacher to sit upon. 
These little classes were all over the school, and were about 
eight feet square. 

Little George's new acquaintance conducted him to one of 
these classes and left him 

In a little while all the Sunday school scholars came in, and 
the class where George sat was full. 

When they saw him, all the scholars in the class began to 
whisper at one another and point their fingers at him, and the 
boys who sat close to him, on each side of him, moved away 
from him as far as they could and would not sit close to him. 
They pointed at his clothing, and whispered, "he is a poor- 
house boy." 

The Sunday school teacher came into the class and sat upon 
the stool. He was a middle-aged man, very plainly dressed in 
black. He had a white handkerchief around his neck, but no 
shirt collar, and no whiskers or beard upon his face; and his 
hair was combed smoothly down and cutoff squarely around the 
middle of his forehead. 

After seating himself he began to groan, and cover his face 
with a handkerchief, and wipe his eyes and blow his nose. 

Little George felt sorry for him, thinking that he was sick, 
and wished he would go home and go to bed. 

The next thing that attracted George's attention was a man 
in the pulpit dressed just the same as the teacher on the stool. 
His hair was cut and combed in the same way as the teacher's. 
He put his head down on the pulpit and groaned and sighed a 
while. George thought he was sick too, and began to wonder 
what was the matter with them all. 

The man in the pulpit now took up a hymn book and gave 
out a hymn. It was something about Jesus, and calvary, 
and miserable sinners, arid saving faith. He read the hymn in 
a crying voice, and George thought that probably he had buried 
somebody belonging to him. They began to sing, which they 
did so loudly, some crying glory, glory, and others shouting 
something else, that little George concluded they were not sick, 
but that perhaps they had drank too much "Tom and Jerry". 

"Tom and Jerry" is a kind of ale which was sold at a penny 
a gill, and not drunk on the premises; that is, they did not 
drink it sitting in the house, but at a little window outside. 




m 



JUVB1TILB I1TSTRTJCTOR, 




When the singing was over the man in the pulpit began to 
pray, and every teacher all through the school at their stools in 
the little classes began to pray too, and George heard the 
women teachers on the other side of the partition shouting and 
praying. He had heard crazy people praying in the same way 
in his poor-house home, so he concluded that they were neither 
sick nor drunk, but crazy. All this was strange to him, and 
he hardly knew what to think about it. 

Uncle Geokge. 



§l*pnti\i> 



ctoszezpb: smith, 
ip ir, o ip h ie t . 



TIHIIE 




E stated in our last number that President 
Brigham Young had to leave Far West 
for Illiniois to save his life. Before doing 
so, he and Brothers Heber C. Kimball 
and George A. Smith went to see Joseph 
in prison at Liberty, Clay county. They 
had two interviews with him and his fel- 
low-prisoners, which were very gratifying 
to him and them. 
Joseph, though in prison, did not neg- 
lect his calling, or forget the condition of the 
people of the church. From his prison he 
wrote lengthy epistles to the church, giving the 
< Saints the word of the Lord, and comforting, 
strengthening and warning them in the language 
of a kind and loving father. Upon the return of 
Brothers Kimball and Turley, he told them to be of 
good cheer; for he and his brethren should be de- 
livered; but, he added, that no arm but God's could 
deliver them. To the brethren he sent word to get the Saints 
away from Far West as fast as possible. These words were 
told to them by Joseph through the grate of his dungeon, for 
they were not permitted to enter the prison. 

The mob in Daviess county still thirsted for blood. About 
fifty of them swore that they would never eat or drink until 
they had murdered Joseph. Their captain, William Bowman, 
swore, in the presence of Brother Theodore Turley, that he 
would never eat or drink, after he had seen Joseph, until he 
had murdered him. They also warned the Saints at Far \\ est 
and vicinity to leave there by a certain time. Judge King's 
enmity against Joseph was active. He had declared that he 
was not fit to live, and he seemed determined to have him 
killed if he could. He had Joseph and the other brethren 
hurried from Liberty, Clay county, to Daviess county. To 
avoid passing through Far West they were carried about 
eighteen miles out of their course. King's conduct towards 
them led to to the belief that he was desirous to have them 
waylaid and murdered on the road. The journey was a tedious 
one for them; their long confinement had made them feeble. 
Upon their arrival at Liberty, they were delivered into the 
hands of the Sheriff in Daviess county. This was on the 8th 
of April, 1839. On the 9th their trial commenced before a 
drunken grand jury. Austin A. King was the presiding judge; 
he was as drunk as the jury. This jury brought in a bill 
against Joseph, his brother Hyrum, Lyman Wight, Alexander 
MeRae and Caleb Baldwin for "murder, treason, burglary 
arson, larceny, theft and stealing." 



Brother Stephen Markham had given his testimony before 
the grand jury, at which the mobbers were very angry, and 
threatened his life. That night the visions of the future were 
opened to Joseph's understanding, and he saw the ways and 
means and near approach of his escape from imprisonment 
and the danger brother Markham was in. He awoke Brother 
Markham, and told him if he would arise very early, and not 
wait for the judge and lawyers, as he had thought of doing, he 
would get safe home, almost before he would be aware of it. 
If he did not, the mob would shoot him on the way. He 
repeated to him what he had told brothers Kimball and Turley: 
to tell the brethren to be of good cheer and to lose no time in 
removing from the country. Brother Markham took Joseph's 
counsel, and rose at dawn of day and rode rapidly towards Far 
West, where he arrived before nine o'clock the same morning. 
Brother Markham's life was saved by listening to the word of 
the Lord through his prophet Joseph. Had he not believed 
what he told him, he would, without doubt, have been murdered 
by the mob. 

On Monday, April 15th, 1839, Joseph and his fellow-prison- 
ers started from Daviess county for Boone county, under 
charge of a guard. They had obtained a change of venue. By 
the change of venue they had the privilege of being tried in 
Boone county instead of Daviess county. The first night out 
they bought two horses from the men who were sent to guard 
them. The next evening (Tuesday, April 16th) the sheriff, 
before retiring for the night, told them that he would take a 
good drink of grog and go to bed, and they might do as they 
pleased. At last the favorable time had arrived for Joseph and 
his companions to make their escape out of the power of their 
enemies. The Sheriff and three of the guards had gone to bed 
drunk; the other guard was willing to assist them in saddling 
their horses and in getting away. For about six months they 
had been prisoners in the hands of the mob. They had com- 
mitted no crime, and no charge could be sustained against them. 
Yet Joseph was informed that they had been sentenced, at 
three different times, to be shot. From the time they were first 
taken prisoners, the position they were in, to look at it natur- 
ally, was very gloomy. Every avenue of escape seemed entirely 
closed; death stared them in the face; yet from the time that 
Joseph was taken into the mob camp he had always felt an 
assurance that he and his brethren, and their families, should 
be delivered. This gave him great comfort, and he was enabled 
to cheer and strengthen his brethren. But, now, here was a 
chance to escape! What should they do? Stop and be mur- 
dered by the mob, who were threatening their lives, and especi- 
ally Joseph's, or take advantage of the opportunity which 
invited them to liberty? The Spirit clearly led them to make 
an effort to get away, and they started. That night they 
travelled a considerable distance. They continued their journey 
by night and by day towards Illinois, keeping off from the main 
road as much as possible in the day time, and arrived at Quincy 
on Monday, April 22nd. During the journey they suffered 
much from fatigue and hunger; but the meeting between them- 
selves and their families and the Saints was exceedingly joyous, 
and their past sufferings and privations were forgotton in the 
happiness of being once more free and among their friends. 



Be kind to the little ones; they will often be fretful and way- 
ward. Be patient with them, and amuse them. A whole 
family of little ones may be restored to good humor by suggest- 
ing a new play, or tolling them a pleasant story. 

If you do wrong or get into trouble, go at once to yotir par- 
ents and tell them about it. They arc your best friends, and 

will be your safest counselors. 




«3K ~ 168 



JUYE1TILE IUSTBUCTOB 



Ibigitt&l &$t%$% 



» 



jFo) - r/;c Juvenile Instructor. 

CHILDREN. 



BONG TOR TIIE 13l'H WARD SABBATH SCHOOL, G. S. L. CITY. 

Tune— Tramp, Tramp, Tramp. 

In our lovely Deseret, where the saints of God have met, 
There's a multitude of children all around: 

They are generous and brave— they have precious souls to 
save 
They must listen, and obey the gospel sound. 

CHORUS. 

Hark! hark! hark! 'Tis ehildrens' music 

Childrens' voices, O how sweet 
When in innocence and love, like the angels up above, 

They, with happy hearts, and cheerful laces meet. 

That the children may live long, and be beautiful and 
strong 
Tea and coffee and tobacco, they despise. 
Drink no liquor and they eat but a very little meat: 
The3" are seeking to be great and good and wise. 

Chorus. 

They should be instructed young, how to watch and guard 
the tongue, 
And their tempers train, and evil passions bind: 
They should always be polite and treat everybody right, 
And in every place be affable and kind, 

Chorus. 

They must not forget to pray, night and morning, every 
day, 
For the Lord to keep them safe from every ill 
And assist them to do right, that with all their mind and 
might 
They may lovo Him, and may learn to do His will. 

Chorus. 

E. R. S. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

SCRIBBLIITG .A. 2sT ID 
SCHAWLI1TG. 



TO scribble an J scrawl, any where and every where just as his 
fancy leads him, seems to be one of the traits which dis- 
tinguishes the Englishman in every nook and corner of the 
world into which he pushes himself. Jt is a practice more 
ancient and universal with the British race than thai of whittling 
with the American; and if anything more foolish and repre- 
hensible. 

No matter where Brown. Jones ami Robinson go, their visit 
is not satisfactory, nor their happiness complete until they have 

written their names in half a dozen places In let others who 

come after them see what illustrious feet have preceded them. 

Look "ii tie- pyramids of Egypt, tie- temples of Gre< the 

colossal ruins of Rome, the cathedrals of southern Europe, 

from top to bottom, on every side, can !»■ n the autographs <>f 

a host of Undistinguished Anglo-Saxon visitors, who have thus 
striven to immortalize their very common-place surnames. Climb 
the highest towers, descend the deepest mines, sal,- the heights 
of tin: most inaccessible precipices, or dive into the remotest 
deserts of Central Africa or Southern America, and ten chances 



*£&** 



to one but that you will find that Smith, Jones or some other 
nobody has penetrated a few feet further than you dare go and 
left his mark as a memento of his visit and a key to his nation- 
ality. Could the sands of the ocean's bed retain the marks 
made on them, there are doubtless thousands who would go 
down in diving bells to its lowest vales to scratch their initials 
with the toe of i heir right boot for the unlettered fish to gaze 
in awe-struck wonder at the strange device. 

We dare venture to assert that should any adventurous navi- 
gator ever eon:e in sight of the north pole, on close examination 
he will find that some ancient Briton has frozen at its base, 
and, expiring, left his illegible name in black-lead pencil as an 
epitaph above him. 

But, boys, perhaps you are wondering what all this rigmarole 
has to do with you. Just this much. Many of you are guilty 
of this very practice. And worse too. You do not confine 
yourselves to names and dates, but expose your bad writing, worse 
spelling and above all your lack of sense, by scrawling dirty, 
foolish, obscene words, verses, or attempts at drawing for every 
passer by to look at and feel ashamed of. Do not do it, boys. 
It either shows an ignorant head or a bad heart. It is either 
the result of your not knowing what you are doing, or the evi- 
dence of an impure mind. Take our advice, boys. Don't write 
anything you would be ashamed for your parents, your 
bishop or Brother Brigham to read. And do not write anything 
at all, good or bad, on other people's walls, fences, or property. 
Such things are not yours, and you have no more right to write 
on, or whittle them, than you have to pull them down and take 
them for your own use. Now, boys, that will do. We have said 
enough. Remember what has been told you, and when you are 
tempted to take out your pencil and commence scribbling, make 
up your mind that you will not be numbered amongst the scrib- 
bling, scrawling race of men. and boys. G. li. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

CHARADE. 



BY J. I). STARK. 



I am composed of 9 letters. 

My 6, 8, 5, 12, is a reptile. 

My 7, 4, 1, abounds in winter season. 

My 9, 7, 9, 1, is a number. 

My •'!, 9, 7, H, is equal to one. 

My whole every one should strive to gain. 



The answers to the Charades in No. 19, are FIJZA 
R. SNOW and "TOBACCO. We received correct replies 
from W. Greenhalgh, D. M. Tyler, N. Tyler. 



With all thy soul serve God above, 
And as thyself thy neighbor love. 



CTTJATEISrDLlL! I1TSTRTJGTOR/ 

ft published in Ureal Salt Cake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Rlnele Copy, per Annum 13 no 

Single Copy, for Six Months I SO 

#«>- // Is expected where agents forward names they will be responsible 
fm- tlir papers //in* ordered,' and when Cash payments are made, iliey 
will please forward them with the letter containing the name* of the 
subscribers. 

9»- K/</<-r Win. II. Shear/nan, Logan, irill act as General Agent for 
car/ie Valley. 

««>- (.ruin brought to this fit;/ for tin- .Tcvenii.k Is'STRt'cTon will be 
received at tin- office of our paper— Dkjsekkt News Uuii.djmjs. 




