
VOL XI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, NOVEMBER 15, 1876. 



NO. 22. 



-A. F J± T .A. G- O IsT I .A. UST E1TOAMPME1TT. 



Patagonia, as probably most of our little readers are aware, I 
Ls the most southern country of South America, In many ' 




respects it may 

be considered a 
strange coun 
try. and the 
native inhabit- 
ants quite as 
strange a peo- 
ple. In stature 
they are very 
large, as may 
be inferred 
from the ac- 
company i n n 
picture of a 
Patagonian en- 
cainpment. 
Among some 
of the tribes. 
the men aver- 
age sis feet in 
bight, and their 
in twiner of 
dressing, being 
clothed in robes 
or mantles 
made Irom the 
-kins of ani- 
mals, which 
reach from 
their shoulders 
almost to the 
ground, gives 
them the ap- 
pearance of 
Ix'inj; taller 
than they really 
are. Then, 
too, it is said 
thai bo hi e 
tribes are nn- 
usually lung in 
the body, while 




their extremities are comparatively short, and these, when 
seen riding on horseback, look almost like so many giants. 

The following 
description of 
this people is 
from an au- 
thentic work 
on the subject: 
"Their color 
is a reddish 
brown. Their 
shoulders are 
large, and well 
thrown back; 
the chestis well 
expanded; the 
head large, the 
forehead open 
and prominent: 
the mouth 
large; the eyes 
black, and gen- 
erally large: the 
nose frequently 
hooked, long, 
and thin, 
though among 
some tribes it 
is, as a rule, 
broad at the 
nostrils; the 
ears are large, 
and elongated 
by the heavy 
ornaments of 
their own 
in an a faoture 
which they 
irear in them, 
ami whioh are 
so large that 
they often res! 
(.ii the shoul- 
ders. T Ii <■ 





254 



JUYEKILE I^STRTJOTOR, 




hair, generally black, coarse and lank, is sometimes rolled 
together on the top of the head. Their houses, called 
'roukahs' are formed of three rows of stakes driven into the 
ground. The middle row is higher than the others, and the 
three rows are tied tosether with strings of hide, and so kei>t 
in their place. This frail framework is covered with hides 
which reach the ground on all sides, and are fastened to it by 
small stakes of bone. At nightfall, guanaco hides are spread 
on the ground within the tents, and the men and womer, laying 
a-ide their mantle, their only garment, and which sometimes 
serves as a blanket, go to sleep under the same roof and in 
the same apartment. Bathing in cold water every morning, 
throughout the whole year, is a custom to which men, women 
and children conform; and although the morning bath may 
not free them from vermin — a national characteristic — yet it 
has the effect of preventing disease, and of enabling them 
the more easily to endure the severities of winter. The men, 
when out on the hunt, show wonderful courage and adroitness; 
when not so engaged, they live in perfect idleness. They are 
incredibly greedy and voracious. They deck their heads, and 
ornament them into the perfectior of ugliness, greasing their 
hair with the grease of the horse. They pull out the hair of 
the eyebrows and beard, and paint their bodies with black 
red, and other colors." 

The Fatagoniai.s are nomadic in their habits, that is, they 
have no seuled residences, but wander about from place to 
place, subsisting on the produce of the chase. Their livinsr 
consists generally of the tlesh of the horse, guanaco — or wild 
llama, nandn — or 1'atagonian ostrich, and the gama — a kind 
of deer that inhabits that region. The flesh is generally eaten 
raw, and they seem to desire no better food. The guanaco is 
to them the most important animal they have; for in addition 
to its flesh being a staple article of food for them, its skin 
Famishes, them with clothing, and covering for their rude 
houses. The mantles made from guanaco skins are manufac- 
tured by the women, who, in a kind of a rude way, tan the 
leather, and then sew the hides together with the sinews of 
the animal; so that the guanaco also furnishes them with a 
substitute for thread. The seams of the mantles are rubbed 
with stones to soften and flatten them, and then the robes are 
painted in fancy designs. Without these mantles the 1'ata- 
gonian- could scarcely exist, as their country, that is, the 
eastern and principal part of it is subject to sudden and violent 
changes of temperature, and though gene-rally dry and hot, 
is ofh n visited with frigid hurricanes which sweep over the 
plain- east of the Andes in the most terrific manner. Daring 
these hurricanes the covering of skins is frequently torn from 
the roofs of tle-ir "roukahs," or huts, and their mantles are 
their only preservation. Clothed in them they are generally 
against the coldest storm. There is a curious super- 
stition among them connected with these storms; indeed, they 
are very sup TStit'lOUS in regard to many things. They think 
that all misfortunes, in the shape of natural phenomena, or 
otherwise, are senl to them as a punishment for their sins, 
and when a tempest overtakes them they cower and crouch 
in their huts, Bhivering quite as much from fear as from the 
cold, and do not attempt to replace the covering on their huts 
when they see it blown off. 

The Patagonians worship the sun and moon, and have 
-nine very Queer idea> in regard to religion; indeed, they are 

in many rCSJ tS a very curious people, yet possess withal 

some very good qualities. We -hall probably tell our readers 
in some future article something more about these Indians 
and the interesting country which they inhabit. 



HISTORY. 



BY JAS. A. LITTLE. 




Notwithstanding the traditions of their fathers, the Latter, 
day Saints have generally believed that the events of 
antediluvian history took place on this continent. Although the 
Prophet Joseph Smith has left no written revelation, he has 
left enough oral tradition to materially change our views on 
this subject of, perhaps, more historical interest than present 
importance; and we accept as a fact that here Eden bloomed 
in its primeval beauty, to gratify the refined tastes ot man in 
his happy primeval condition; that here he was driven from 
its glories to eat his bread by the sweat of hit? brow, and 
initiate intelligence into the conditions of mortality. That 
here Jehovah first instructed man in the way of life through 
the sufferings of a Savior who was to come, and endowed him 
with the powers of a priesthood which has come down through 
the eternities past, and will descend through time and the 
eternities to come. Mysterious in its workings, guiding and 
controling all things, and comprehended by man only as 
revealed to him by its own power. That here Adam gathered 
together his posterity and blessed them, and fulfilled the con- 
ditions of disobedience by passing through the portals of 
death, to the life beyond. That here Enoch perfected a peo- 
ple who were taken to the bosom of the Eternal. That here 
Noah built the ark and freighted it with the germ of future em- 
pire, amid the jeers of surrounding multitudes. And that here 
was a vast population, the accumulative results of primeval 
longevity. 

While we cannot comprehend the excess of wickedness that 
made a general purification of the earth necessary, much less 
can we conceive of the myriads of existences which the flood 
swept away from its surface, and the vast panorama of death 
which the debris of a world floatingupon the waters must have 
afforded. 

The ark, a mere speck in the interminable desolation, a point 
of salvation in the universal wreck, floated off majestically on 
the swelling flood, with a remnant of humanity sufficient for 
the designs of Jehovah, and such a collection of animals as 
has not since been seen by man. 

We will now leave the old world with its sad remini cences of 
wickedness and its sufferings. To us it seems a long way in 
the mi-ty shadows of the past, to which we are only connected 
by that little rivulet of life flowing through the ark, since 
swelling into a mighty and incomprehensible river. 

Doubtless the earth retained in its bosom the germ of 
vegetable life from which it was soon clothed in its former 
beauty; but it was a long time before human voices relieved 
the silence of continents, or the howling of beasts echoed 
through the vast desolations, or winged songsters relieved the 
monotony of interminable forests. The finny tribe gamboled 
and devoured each other in the watery element, and reptiles 
croaked and crawled in the slimy pools, and insect life begotten 
of the turbid waters, gloated on the remains of antediluvian 
existence. The fancied scene could only find a parallel in the 
early period of the earth's existence, before a beautiful veget- 
able creation was enlivened by the presence of beasts and birds, 
and the pre ordained lord of all — man. 

Only as Divine revelation brings to light the records of the 
past, will the present generation, and those still to come, have 
a correct conception of the wondrous ways, the special provid- 
ences, by which the earth has been peopled, and especially 
this portion of it, and the islands ot the sea. 





OrTJ^TEnsriLEl IHSTRTJCTOE 



255 




% ^rl^ttf <|uti ^nttpadejl 



CHAPTER XXII. 



BY HUGH KNOUGH. 




The next day I went over to Lyttleton, where I had left my 
baggage, and secured a berth on board the schooner 
Wellington, bound, the following day, for Timaru. The only 
other passenger on board was a lady, who was on her way to 
join her husband. We occupied adjoining berths— a curtain 
separating us. and we were both very sick during the first day 
of our voyage. The next day, about noon, the captain 
informed us that Timaru was in sight, but we looked in vain 
for it. Looking towards land, all that we could see was a 
rough, open beach, with a line of dangerous looking reefs 
between us and it. We anchored about two miles distant 
from shore — it did not look near that distance, but sight is 
very deceptive in the way of distances at sea. Presently two 
well manned life-boats came alongside. The boatmen had 
been carefully selected at Deal, in Kent, England (a place 
noted for ages for its expert boatmen), purposely to man the 
boats in this dangerous roadstead. We were soon seated in 
one of these boats, piles of freight being packed around us, 
and we started for the shore. Nearing the reefs, I noticed 
that the channel was hardly more than wide enough for the 
boat to pass through with shipped oars, and the least careless- 
ness on the part of the men, would wreck us on these needle 
like rocks. (I afterwards saw many accidents with boats 
coming over these reefs, and one stormy night saw three of 
the Deal boatmen drowned. The poor fellows bravely went 
out in a dangerous sea, at midnight to the relief of a ship 
in the roads, signalling distress; but in endeavoring to cros< 
the reef, three of them met their death. Occasionally I 
volunteered to take an oar with the boatmen, but the last 
time I went I had a narrow escape, which gave me a great 
scare: I did not want to go again in a hurry. ) 

As we neared the beach I observed that a heavy sea was 
rolling in; in fact, I felt it pretty plainlv, and the surf was 
very high. The manner of disembarking was in this way: 
when the boat was on the last wave rolling in. the men gave 
a strong pull, immediately unshipped oars and sprang into the 
surf, hauling with all their might the boat on to the leach, 
others on shore rushing to their assistance with ropes. Every- 
body and everything were deluged in sea water, the surf break- 
ing on the beach fully twelve feet high. We had experienced 
that sea water would not give us cold, and being once more 
on land, and at our destination, trifles did not much bother us; 
we gave a dog shake, and were ourselves once again. 

The first question I asked of the gaping crowd on the beach, 
as soon as I gained breath was, where "the town" was located, 
I was answered, "Here." I afterwards discovered that when 
a vessel hove in sight in the roadstead the whole populace 
would leave their work, and men, women and children rush to 
the beach to get a look at the new arrivals and to hear news 
of the outside world, for, at this period, the only communi- 
cation with the other settlements was by an occasional visit of 
a coasting schooner, bringing letters, provisions and passengers. 

What 1 thought first to be a largo shod on the beach 1 
found to be the "Timaru Hotel." I enterud this hostelrie, 
run by an old Yankee Whaler, known as "Yankee Sam," 

as Samuel Williams. He informed me that he bad been 



whaling on this coast for the last thirty years, "long before you 
Britishers knew there was such a location." He was very 
kind and attentive and conducted me to a neat little bedroom, 
very rough but clean, where I soon fixed myself in some dry 
clothes. 

After a hearty mjal of "damper" :nd mutton, I started out 
to see the town. Going to the door and looking out, I observ- 
ed that the "hotel" was only about 100 feet from high water 
mark, and looking right and left of me, I saw that the beach 
was covered with what 1 first took to be large blocks of granite, 
(similar to those lying on the Temple Block, in Salt Lake 
City) but on closer inspection I found them to be monster 
bones. These I ascertained to be whale bones, and were of all 
shapes and sizes, literally covering the beach, such great 
quantities were there of them. Timaru beach had formerly 
boen a whaling station, where the whales, when caught, were 
towed ashore and cut up. (Whales are not so plentiful on 
this coast as in former years, but often the cry is heard of "a 
whale in sight." the huge monster being seen sporting and 
spouting in the roadstead, when the whale boats are quickly 
manned and launched for a chase, and sometimes meet with 
success in a capture. ) 

Climbing the cliff behind the hotel I surveyed the prospect 
before me, which consisted of very undulating ground, form- 
ing seven hills, on which were about a dozen roughly built 
cottages, constructed of sod, with timber roofs. This then 
was Timaru, the spot where I was to begin life anew, a 
stranger in a strange land, at an age when most boys had not 
left their mother's apron strings, for I had not yet seen 
eighteen summers, although I had been kept "moving" 
pretty briskly the preceding five years. 31 using thus alone, 
my fancy carried me back to London and thoughts of Rome 
and Athens, and I wondered if either of tho^e mighty ancient 
cities had ever looked like this modern one, for they too were 
built on seven hills, the same as Timaru was intended to be. 

I found out that the Government town joined this on the 
South, but not yet occupied, excepting by a miniature "lock 
up." The big shed on the beach was formerly a wool shed 
but now the immigrants barracks, being packed with families 
waiting for homes to be built for them. The owner of the 
township was George Rhodes, a native of Yorkshire. England. 
He had formerly been a whaler, but years back had secured a 
vast area of land, stretching for miles back and along the 
coast, for the purpose of sheep and cattle raising, and at 
which business he ultimately became wealthy. Requiring a 
handy port to ship his wool, and wanting much occasional 
help, he hit upon the plan of laying out a township adjoining 
the Government one. securing a ship load of immigrants and 
offering them groat inducements to settle it. His scheme was 
more that, realized as will be shown "in our next." 



Don't Despond. — The most perilous hour of a person's 

life is when lie i< tempted to despond. The man who loses 
his courage loses all; there is no more hope of him than of a 

dead man; but it matters not bow poor he may be. bow much 

pushed by circumstances, bow much deserted by friends, bow 

much lost to the world, if lie only keeps bis courage, holds up 
his bead, works on with hh> bands, and in bis unconquerable 
will determines to be and to do what becomes a man, all will 

be well [t is nothing outside of him that kills; but what is 

within— that makes or unmakes. 



Too much sensibility creates unhappiness; too much iusen 

sibility creates crime. 





256 



JTJYENILE INSTRUCTOR. 




ENTOMOLOGY-NO. 13 



BY W. D. JOHNSON, .TUN. 



ORTHOPTERA. 




THE "loeustarhc" embrace the true grasshoppers, which are 
easily recognized by the following characteristics: The 
wings slope down the sides of the body like a roof, antenna? 
long, tapering and many jointed, the tarsi, or feet, are four- 
jointed, the body generally depressed. The female is furnished 
with a piercer, flattened at the sides, and somewhat resembling 
a sword or cimeter in shape. The general color of these insec; s 
is green; they are furnished with wing covers which resemble 
the leaves of the trees or shrubs on which they live. They 
are nocturnal in their habits, and are silent during the day- 
time; their food is leaves of plants. Most of them are solitary, 
and do not associate or migrale from place to place, like some 
of the crickets and locusts, and consequently do but little 
damage. Some of these insects live on grass and plants, while 
others pass the whole of their lives upon trees. They deposit 
their eggs in holes made in the ground by their ovipositor; a 
large number of eggs are laid at one time, and covered with a 
water and cold-proof varnish. Those that live upon trees, 
make furrows in the branches and lay their eggs in them. 
The males are furnished with mu.-ical organs, consisting of a 
pair of taborets. They are formed by a thin, transparent mem- 
brane stretched in a strong, half-oval frame in the triangular 
portion overlaping each wing cover; the taborets are clear like 
. i- the friction of the frames of the taborets against each 
Other, a- the insects open and shut their wings, produces the 
>ounds which consist of two or three distinct notes, which 
exactly resemble articulated sounds. As soon as twilight 
commences, the males begin their tell-tale call, from the trees 
of the garden, to enliven their silent mates; this noise they 
keep up till the dawn of day. Some of these grasshoppers 
have the front of the head obtuse, and others conical, or pro- 
. into a point between the antennae. 

I >ur most common obtuse-headed grasshopper is the "katy 
did," ' cryplopltyllus COncavus) SO railed, as the notes made by 
this insect resemble the syllables "katy did. .-.he did." It is 
one inch and a half in length, of a green color, wings concave, 
and meet on the under side of the body, like the two sides or 
halves of a pea pod. The thorax i< r.uiL'b like shagreen, and 
has the appearance of a saddle in both sexes. There are two 
small thorn-like projections on the breast between the fore-legs. 
The notes of these insect- can be beard for a quarter of a mile. 
The ovipositor of the female is broad, laterally compressed and 
ed like a cimeter; the eggs arc Blatc-colored. 

Another common insect in thi- Territory is the oblong, leaf- 

i grasshoppers, [phyUoptera ohlongifolia). The wing 

covers are narrow, not concave, and shorter than the wings; 

the thoru is smooth, and has DO spines on the breast. The 

ovipositor of the female has the same form as the "katy did;' 1 

it lives on the locust and other -bade trees. 

'['belittle conical-headed m a- -hopper ( Xiphulium f<uciutnm ) 
which i- found in our meadow-, i- the smallest in.-ect of tins 

family; being only four fifths of an inch in length. The ovi- 
. r i- nearly straight. 

A common and well known insect of this family i- found in 
the northern part of this Territory. It is the anabrux simplex 

of Thoma-: but erroneously called "cricket." Many of our 
readers will, no doubt, remember them for the extensive 

. did to the crop- in the early settlement of this 



Territory. They are quite large, being from one inch and three 
fourths to two inches long. Exclusive of the piercer and legs, 
the body is smooth, shining and of a black color, the back 
arched, antenme long and bristle-like, much longer than the 
body; they are destitute of wings. They are generally found 
in immense swarms, and when they become numerous they 
prove a great scourge. They are omnivorous, their general 
diet is vegetables; but they have been known to eat other 
insects. The female is furnished with a long ovipositor over 
an inch in length, which she inserts to the full length into the 
ground, and then deposits her eggs at the Bottom. The 
breeding ground is generally dry bench lands. 

Gulls, and other birds, prey upon these insects, and thereby 
keep them in ckeck. They are also eaten by the Indians with 
evident relish, they roast and pound them into a coarse-grained 
meal, and then mix them into cakes, which make a nutritious 
diet, as the Indians become fat during "cricket yeais." 



the :et:r,st j^jvcEi^io^isr 

LOCOMOTIVE. 



.1 



ust beyond the west end of Machinery Hall, at the Cen- 
tennial Exhibition in Philadelphia, in the open air, is the 
first locomotive ever run in America, and which is attached to 
two passenger cars such as were used in 183;;. Both the loco- 
motive, cars, and the track upon which they stand, are such 
curiosities in their way. in comparison with those used to-day, 
that we will give our readers a description of them. The rails 
are not attached to wooden cross-ties, but to great, square 
stones, upon which are placed thin blocks of wood, as it was 
considered unsafe in those days to run an engine which weighed 
nine tons, on rails affixed to anything so frail as wood. The 
rails are much lighter than those u a ed to-day, were rolled in 
England, and then shipped to America at great expense. The 
locomotive, "John Bull," was built in England in lS.il, and 
ihen shipped to America. On the arrival of this locomotive 
at Bordentown. N. J., it was transferred from the sloop on 
which it had been brought from Philadelphia, by means of 
wagons to the only permanent track of the Camden and Ana boy 
Railroad Company then completed, about three fourths of a 
mile in length, and about one mile from Bordentown. The 
machinery was then put together, and a tender constructed 
from a whiskey hogshead placed on a small four-wheeled plat- 
form car, which bad been used by the contractor in the con- 
struction of the road. The connection between the pump of 
the locomotive and the water tank was made by means of a 
leather hose made by a shoemaker. This engine first began 
to run in 1833, and took the place of horses, which had been 
used up to that time. The cylinders are nine inches in diam- 
eter, have twenty-inch stroke, and are placed underneath the 
front end of the boiler, in between the two front driving 
wheels. There are two pairs of these driving wheels, four feet 
six inches in diameter, which are not coupled together, so that 
the force of the steam on the piston is exerted on the rear pair 
alone. The cow-catcher consists of two long wooden beams, 
which have their rear ends pivoted on the outside ends of the 
-haft of the front pair of driving wheels, whi'e the front ends 
of the beams are supported upon a special pair of wheels three 
feet in diameter. In order to prevent this catcher from rising 
too high, it is held down upon the rails by a coiled spring. 
There is no cab for the engineer and fireman, and the only 
protection whatever given to them from the cold, heat, wind, 
rain and snow, is that the front end of the roof of the littl 







JUYB1TILE INSTRUCTOR 



257 




tmder projects slightly over the rear end of the locomotive. 
The funniest feature is a covered seat, such as are used on 
wagons, but only large enough for one person, which is placed 
on the top ot the big covered box that forms the tender, and 
which seat is turned so that the person sitting in it looks back 
over the train. The two cars are each about thirty leet long, 
and look more like the "Black Marias" that,are used to convey 
prisoners from the different stations than passenger cars. The 
windows are about twelve inches high by six inches wide: are 
not made to be raised or opened, and are furnished with sliding 
curtains. Above each seat is a ventilator two feet long by six 
inches wide, so that each one can ventilate for himself. 

In Machinery Hall there are about a dozen of locomotives of 
all kinds and sizes, one of which is one of sixteen purchased 
by Bom Pedio to be sent to Brazil, and is named after him. 
The locomotives built in England and America differ princi- 
pally in two particulars. The Americans place their cylinders 
outside of the driving wheels, while the English place theirs 
in between them, under the front end ot the boiler. The 
Americans never use driving wheels larger than about five feet 
in diameter, while the English have always made them from 
six and a-half to eight and a-half feet in diameter. As long 
as the track is perfectly level these immense wheels are just 
what is needed, but as soon as grades are encountered, thev 
only impede the progress of the train, and the English are 
now beginning to realize this, and are discarding these immense 
drivers, and adopting the American plan of never having them 
over about five feet. To the Americans are due some of the 
best improvements in the locomotive. America has built the 
largest passenger engine ever made, also the largest coupled 
engine, but the latter was a failure, owing to the false theory 
on which it was built. As a general thing, the P^nglish run 
their cars faster than the Americans, but this is owing to 
better ballasted roads and more uniform levels. 



Sociability". — Think how much happiness you convey to 
each other by kindly notice and a cheerful conversation. 
Think how much sunshine such sociability lets back into 
your own soul. Who does not feel more cheerful and con- 
tented for receiving a polite bow, and a genial '"good morning," 
with a hearty shake of the hand? Who does not make him- 
self happier by these little expressions of fellow feeling and 
good will? Silence, and a stiff, unbending reserve, are essen- 
tially selfish and vulgar. The generous and polite man has 
pleasant recognition and cheerful words for all he meets. He 
scatters sunbeams wherever he goes. He paves the path of 
others with smiles. He makes society seem genial, and the 
world delightful to those who would else find them cold, selfish 
and forlorn. And what he gives is but a tithe of what he 
receives. Be social wherever you go, and wrap your lightest 
words in (ones that are sweet and a spirit that is genial. 




A Bin FLOWER. — What do you say to a flower bigger than 
a dinner-plate, and weighing three or four pounds? What a 
button-hole bouquet that would make — especially if you added 
one of its leaves, over eight feet across! This is the giant 
flower of the world. I'm sure, and it is the water-lily which 
grows in South America, near the giant river of the world. 
•lust fancy a pond covered with these enormous leaves, each 
weighing about a dozen pounds, ami covered with long-legged 
water-birds, of all sorts, who run about on them, without 
wetting their toes. And think of the large buds, as big as 
our head, and the large white, fragrant flowers! 



.A. SOITG. 
GO TO THE ANT, THOf sluggard: consider her ways 
and be wise." — Solomon. 



TUXE.—^Tls my delight on a sHning night." 



BY WM. WILLKS. 



Go to the ant, thou sluggard, go, 

Go scan her ways — be wise; 
Bright lessons she can plainly show — 

Which no one should despise — 
In wisdom, diligence and zeal, 

Which all should highly prize; 
Then go to the ant for wisdom, go. 

If you would shine and rise. 

Mid summer's pleasant sun's bright ray 
Learn forethought, and prepare 

For every dark and rainy day. 
And learn not to despair; 

For you will surely wisdom need, 
To guide from day to day. 

This plan will help you to succeed— 

You'll find that it will pay. 

Upon the list Dlaee business first, 

And tren let pleasure in; 
For knowledge ever have a thirst. 

And ne'er give way to sin; 
For you will find that wisdom's way 

Will ever pleasant be. 
If ne'er in crooked way you stray 

You'll be from error free. 



A. IPA-IPIEJIR, A.C3-33. 



IF this has not been a golden age. or an iron age. one might 
fairly call it a paper age. Surely we are finding as many 
uses for paper as the people of the Orient do for their palm 
tree, which is said to supply three hundred and fifty of their 
wants. When we consider that shoddy, now so largely used, 
is only a kind of paper made of woolen rags instead of cotton, 
we can see the many purposes to which it may yet be applied. 
A friend who owned large paper rooting factories, showed me 
one day samples of what I took to be very handsome silk, of 
heavy quality and of rich, dark colors. They were only sam- 
ples of paper made to imitate dotted silk, and were intended 
for milliners' uses. I have used the roofing paper on a hall 
floor, and when painted it is an excellent substitute for oil- 
c'oth, and not so cold to the feet. I have seen a large house 
built with only this paper for its sides and roof, and it was 
said to stand the weather well, and to be very comfortable. 

A paper carpeting printed in small, neat patterns, i> con- 
siderably used on office floors, as it wears well and is quite 
inexpensive. We are all familiar with paper flour hags, tied 
with paper twine, paper toys of all sorts, from tops to whistles. 
and paper collars and cuffs have become more common than 
linen ones. 

Some seer is predicting a time when people shall go clad 
from head to foot in paper suits, which will cost less than the 
washing of a cloth one. Surely we are coming on toward 
that day when we hear of paper vests for summer, of the most 
approved Marseilles stamp, and when we wear ou our feet 
paper sole leather, which we never suspoct till the shoes are 
about worn out. Summer wardrobes, when that good time 
dawns, will be very inexpensive affairs, and will not require a 
pocket full of paper greenbacks to purchase, as at the preset 





258 



J" TJ -V B IT I L E3 I2SI STBTJCTOE 




Ipitt MuvenlU |(tisfrttdor. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY. NOVEMBER 15, 1876. 



EDITORIAL THZOXJC3-HITS. 





OR nearly eight years pas f , the Latter-day 
Saints have had an opposition to meet, 
that has probablj exceeded anything they 
have known daring any similar period in 
their history. A combination has been 
in existence for thai period which has 
been known as a ' ring. " Its object has 
»:en th."" overthrow of the priesthood and 
the de tructii n of the church. I'mil cjuite 
ntly every Federal official lias belonged to 
When any of them would not join it, they 
put under a ban, and every effort was made 
ave them removed from office. During 
period President Young has been thechie* 
attack. The evident intention has been to 
ini, and to break down the influence of 
and fellow servants with the people. By 
doing this, the apostates, and the wicked men who 
are associated with them, have hoped to accomplish their 
is, Every person belonging to the church has been en- 
couraged to disobey and reject the counsel of those bearing 
the priesthood. No pains have been spared in ridiculing tho.se 
who have Keen obedient, and they have been denounced and 
cilled all kinds of evil names. The young people of both 
particularly, have been -ought after and appealed to upon 
the* points. They being inexperienced in the ways of the 
world, our enemies have hoped they could take advantage of 
them. By shaming them they have hoped they could make 
obedience to the priesthood unpopular with them. 

In years past the church t-uffercd from mobs and their vio- 
lence. The Saint- were robbed and driven from place to place. 

They were compelled to leave their houses and lands. This 

was a great trial to many, and some denied the faith and be- 
came apostates because of tl ■ persecutions, Our enemies, 

not being able to drive as now a- we were driven aforetime, 
have adopted other plans. They must continue theii warfare 
in some shape against the truth, else the devil, their ma-ti r, 
would not be sati-fied. Tin- 'ring" has, therefore, been 
Its members have tried in very way they could to 
break np the w >rk of God. Bat what have they accom- 
plished? We desire the juveniles to understand the e points. 
If thej will open their hearts and their eye- to see what is 
around them, they will perceive that the Lord, our God has 
sustained Hiss rvants and people, and defeated our enemies. 

Reflect upon thi circumstai -' The Latttr-daj Saint- are a 

feeble people in point of numbers They are in the midst of 

a nation of forty million-. Tl fficern who have been -cut 

lie re 'and the most of whom have bel inged to the "ring," or 
vhich have wjught the destruction of the Saints,) have 

clail 1 that they were backed by this whole nation. We 

know tiny were sustained here by the A Iministration, or gov- 
ernment of Washington. In this Tei litorj they have had the 

COUTtS and a gTe it deal of other poAvr in their hand-. I 

thi- position, they have Battered themseh i - t hat thej a dd 



do as they please. And they have gone to work with all their 
might. Innocent men have been put in prison and kept there 
upon false testimony. President Young and other leading 
men have been indicted and put under bonds. For a consider- 
able period a reign of judicial terror prevailed, and no promi- 
nent man was safe from attack. In this manner the "ring" 
have sought to intimidate and overawe the people. 

Not only have they done these things in this Territory, but 
they have framed bills here and sent them to tlte United 
States Congress, at Washington, to have them passed as laws. 
They have also sent some of their number down there many 
times to urge their passage. If these bills had become laws, 
the Lat er day Saints would have been completely ab the 
mercy of this wicked "ring. " They would have had power 
i ve: - us. They could have stripped us of our rights and put 
our leading men in prison, and made this Territory so hot with 
their persecutions that no Latter-day Saint could have lived 
here in peace. In order to persuade Congress that these bills 
should bj made laws, they have told the most abominable lies 
about the Saints. They have accused us of every crime, and 
.tried to make the public believe that we were so vile 
that we ought not to be treated as other citizens are. 
This they have done that they might get control of the 
Territory and be able to rob the Saint-, and do with them as 
they pleased, without any one having the power to call them 
to account. 

Children, let us ask you, how have the Saints escaped? 
Could any hand but the Lord's have delivered us from these 
snares of our enemies? Is it not a most wonderful thing that 
we have freedom, that our enemies have not gained power 
over u--, and that President Young and his fellow servants have 
still influence and authority among the people? Every heart 
should he filled with thankfulness and praise to the Lord for 
the wonderful deliverances He has wrought out in our behalf. 
Daring this period the faith of a number of the people has 
been tested. Some have yielded to the evil influences that 
have been around them and become apostates. A disposition 
ha- been shown by some to treat the priesthood and its 
counsels with disrespect. This is the result that our enemies 
have hoped to accomplish with all the people, and especially 
with the young. They have given every encouragement to 
them to be like themselves — to have no respect for God nor 
for His servants. But the bulk of the people have not 
yielded to their seductions. They know that this is the work 
of I lod, and that He has chosen His servants and given them 
authority to teach and counsel the people. We hope that 
every Juvenile who reads the Instrxtctoe will cherish th's 
faith. l>o not be misled by the representations of the wick- 
ed. What have they to offer to the Saints? Look at them. 
Havetl ev peace? Have they union? Do they love one another? 
Are they happy'.' Is there happiness in defying (lod, hi break- 
ing His laws, in rebelling against His authority? Do men 
prosper who are in this condition? What do apostates gain by 
denying the faith? They become the most unhappy of creat- 
ine-. The chief enjoyment of many id' them consists in fighting 
the work of God and opposing His people and in trying to do 
them all possible injury. 

But how is it with true Saints? They are at peace in the 
morning, through the day and the night. They delight in 

doing l 1, in li ving and helping one another. There is no 

lire to them in disobeying God or rejecting the truth. 
They an full of contentment and joy. They may be poor, 
he in adversity and threatened with evil, but they know God 
i- their friend and that His Spirit will be with them to con: 




BP* 



CTTJ'VElsriXiEl INSTBUCTOE/. 



259 




fort and support them, and they rejoice. Children, do all in 
your power to be true Latter-day Saints. 



IMTOETZKIEY", O-A-T .A-ItTID ISTXJTS. 

THERE is a moral conveyed in the picture here presented, 
which, though it may be discerned immediately by some 
of our readers, may not be so apparent to others. We will 



The monkey heir shown is "lie of the most cunning'of that 
interesting class of animals which Professor Darwin regards as 
distant relatives ut' his — an honorwhich we fee) .juite willing to 
allow him to monopolize. This monkey, ;.■- most monkeys are 
is very tbud of roasted chestnuts, si fond ;i.;.t he is not satisfied 
with the quantity allowed him by his master, and so, 'in the 
absence of that individual, who has carelessly doffed his hat 
and shoes and left them lyiug upon the Boor, while |he has 
stepped into the next room, the monkey has decided upon 





first explain what we mean by the word "mo a' ' : Kven the 
smallest ot <mr read in remember, it' they try, some little 

fable or story that they have read, or heard related, which, 

though given in Bimpleor even childish I aage, and about 

some equally simple or frivolous subject, conveyed a very 
valuable lesson, that might be applied to actions or subjects 
not so simple and childish. That lesson, or precept, to be 
learned from such a source would be called the ' moral' <d the 
ry or fable Now for the moral to be learned from the picture: 



helping himself to some nuts l\> grub some thai be boo 
within his reach and phi • them in t.h li nil ofthefireto 

is but the work of a nionieni for him; but then a ques 

tion arises in bin mind a- to how he shall gi I them out wain, 
without burning his li in I He cogil >'■ ■ ■< "" ment, and then 

bits upon a plan, The large housi cat ii - sing quietly bj 

the firepl i, and to bim he i h cheme, which is, 

that thoj go into pii hip in the mil business; and by a 
little specious ploading, I kes Tom think itwillbeabou 




260 




JUYEUIIjE iitstructob. 




the most pleasant, best paying and honorable business he ever 
engaged in. The monkey's proposition is that Tom must rake 
out the nuts from the front of the fire while he craeks them; 
and they forthwith proceed to work. Tom is not the kind of 
a cat to back out when he makes a bargain, so he sticks to it 
till he has finished, although he burns his paw severely in 
doing so. Meanwhile the monkey sits at a comfortable 
distance from the fire in quite a dignified manner, eating the 
nuts as fast as Tom pokes them out, aud, figuratively speaking. 
laughs in his sleeve at poor, foolish Tom burning his paw for 
his benefit. 

Have you never known any human beings whose actions 
very much resemoled those of the monke3' in this case? 
Persons who, through superior cunning, or smartness, as they 
prefer to term it, procure the services of others to do that for 
them which they are either ashamed or afraid to do them- 
selves. That sort of business is very aptly called ; 'making a 
cat's paw" of a person. 

There are persons, many of them, in this world who are 
vile enough at heart to plan auy kind of scheme for their own 
gain, but who lack the courage to execute it. They prefer 
hiring others to do the latter part of the business; and then 
they wear a smile of pride at their own apparent respect- 
ability, while their miserable "cat paws," whom they have 
employed to do their disreputable work for them, are left to 
bear all the blame. 

The moral to be learned from the picture, then, is that you 
should never be persuaded by eloquent pleading, or induced by 
plausible stories to engage in anything that your own good 
sense and the advice of well tried friends do not tell you will 
be right and proper and safe for you to undertake. In other 
words, never allow yourself to be u>ed as a "cat's paw." 




POWEB OF A M \ii k.am. — The greatest of physical paradoxes 
is the sunbeam. It is the most potent and versatile force we 
have, and yet it behave.-- like the eentlest and most accom- 
modating. 

Nothing can fall more softly or more silently upon the 
earth than the rays of our great luminary, not even the 
feathery flakes of snow which thread their way through the 
atmosphere as though they were too flimsy to yield to the 
demands of gravity like grosser things. The most delicate 
"lip of gold leaf, exposed as a target to the sun's shafts, is 
n>t >tirred to the extent sf a hair, though an infant's faintest 
breath would set it into tremulous motion. 

The tenderest of human organs— the apple of the eye — 
though pierced and buffeted each day by thousand.-, of sun- 
beams, suffers !i" pain during the process, but rejoices in their 
tness, and blesses the useful light. 

'I et :i few of these rays, insinuating themselves into a mass 
of iron, like the Cincinnati and Covington Suspension Bridge, 
will compel the closely knit particle- to separate, and will 
move tin- whole enormous fabric with as much ease as a giant 
would -tir a straw. The play of those beams upon our sheets 
of water lifts up layer after layer into tie- atmosphere, and 
hoists up whole rivers from their beds, only to drop them 
again a- snow upon -le- bill-. .,r in fattening showers upon the 
plains. Let but the air drink in a little more sunshine at one 
place than another, and out of it springs the tempest and the 
hurricane, which desolates i whole region in its lunatic wrath. 
The marvel is that a power which is so capable of assuming 
such i diversity of forms, and of producing such stupendous 
re ults. should come to us iii v. gentle, so peaceful ami so 

pretention- .'i guise. 



^uesHonsi and J^nsam^ 

OUST TIHIIE 

book: of uvn o ir, im: o it . 



LESSON CXVII. 

Q. — How long did peace continue in the land after the Laman- 
itcs "withdrew their design?" 

A. — About four years. 

Q. — What was the condition of the people at this time? 

A. — Wickedness prevailed throughout the land, insomuch 
that the Lord took away His beloved disciples. 

Q. — What, did Mormon endeavor to do? 

A. — To preach to the people, but was forbidden, for they 
wilfully rebelled against their Gad. 

Q.— Wliat robbers infested the land at this time? 

A. — The followers of Gadianton. 

Q — What did the inhabitants of the land do? 

A. — They hid up their treasures in the earth. 

Q. — What came to pass in that same year? 

A. — A war began between the Nephites and the Lamanites. 

Q. — Who was the leader of the armies of the Nephites? 

A. — Mormon. 

Q. — How old was Mormon at this time? 

A.— Sixteen years. 

Q. — In what year was this? 

A. — In the year 3"2t>. 

Q. — What occurred in the next year 1 

A. — The Lamanites came upon the Nephites with great power. 

Q.— What did the Nephites do? 

A.— They began to retreat towards the north countries. 

Q. — What city did they take possession of? 

A. — Toe city of Angola. 

Q. — What preparations did they make there? 

A. — They fortified the city, to defend themselves again.it the 
Lamanites. 

Q. — Did the Lamanites come upon them there? 

A. — Yes; and drove them out of the city, and out of the land 
of David. 

OUST TIHIIE IBIIBLE. 



Q. — What did Saul say he knew by David's merciful course? 

A. — That David should surely be king, and that the kingdom 
of Israel should be established in his hand. 

Q. — What request did Saul then make of David? 

A.— That he would not cut off his seed, nor destroy his name 
out of his father's house. 

Q. — How was he answered? 

A. — David promised as Saul desired. 

Q.— Where did Saul then go? 

A. — He went home. 

Q. — Where did David and his men go? 

A. — They "got ihem up unto the hold." 

Q. — Who died about this time? 

A. — Samuel. 

Q. — Where was he buried? 

A. — "In his house at R»mah." 

Q. — Was his death felt by the people? 

A. — "All the Israelites were gathered togother and lamented 
him." 

Q. — Where did David go to after this? 

A. — Down to the wilderness of I'aran. 

Q. — Who was it that lived in Maon? 

A.— Nabal, a man of great possessions. 

Q. — What was his character? 

A. — "He was churlish, and evil in his doings." 

Q. — To what house did he belong? 

A. — To the house of Caleb. 

Q, — What was his wife's name? 

A. — Abigail. 





J" TTTT EXILES IHSTRTJCTOR. 



261 




THE BREAD- FRUIT. 



BY II. II. C. 



PEOPLE who inhabit cold, northern districts of this earth, 
have but a faint idea of the great variety of delicious 
fruits which abound in temperate climates. 

In the engraving we have a fine representation of the bread- 
fruit which grows so plentifully on the South Pacific Islands, 
West India Islands aiad in South America. In the two latter 
named places the bread-fruit tree was introduced and com- 
menced to be cultivated not many years ago. 

Nature seems to have lavished bountifully rich gifts in 
certain portions of our beautiful earth, which God in His 
mercies has permitted His children to enjoy, while other parts 
are not so highly favored; but the inhabitants of the different 
zones which differ so materially in products and climate, have 
become so inured to the provisions which nature's G-od has 
made, that they seem adapted to the climate and products, 
while the climate and products are equally adapted to the 
wants of the people. The natives of the South Pacific Islands, 
if suddenly transported from their sunny shores, mild climate, 
and delicious fruits, into the frozen reigons of the north, 
where nature has provided one night and one day of six 














months each in duration, for each year, and compelled to 
live on the same diet and inhabit the same houses which the 
Hyperborean tribes are supplied with, but few, if any, could 
survive the change. 

Idleness, among the natives on the Islands of the Pacific 
Ocean, is attributable to the fact that the several groups of 
Islands were so well supplied with natural products, amply 
providing for the wants of the early settlers without any 
great exertion, that they have learned to let providence 
continue to support them. Their wants are so few, compared 
with the wants of the more enlightened nations, that but 
little time is required, in labor, to support quite a large 
family. 

The bread-fruit is nearly spherical, measuring from four to 
six inches in diameter, and is prepared for food in different 

ways. The most complete mode of- preparing it, is the 

which the natives of the islands where the fruit grows, have 
adopted. The imo, or oven, consists of a pit dug in the 
ground, of any size desired, filled with fuel and fire stone. 
The stones when thoroughly hot are covered with a thin layer 
of sea weed or gra.ss, on which the fruit, kilo roots, yams, 
potatoes, fi-di, swine, or corn is placed, the whole being 
covered with a thick layer of grass and dirt, leaving a small 
aperture in the top, into which a number of gallon- of water 

poured, which passes down upon the heated stone", produc- 



ing steam, which, being kept within, by immediately closing 
up the aperture, cooks the whole mixture of fruit, kalo, 
yams, potatoes, fish, swine and corn, in the space of thirty or 
forty minutes. Usually this labor devolves upon the male 
members of the family. 

A query may arise in the minds of some of the readers of 
this article as to why this fruit is called "biead-fruit." The 
reason is, that at an early stage, when the fruit is gathered for 
use, the pulp i- white and mealy, and in consistency resem- 
bling that of new bread. The fruit is not only very nutritious 
and a great gift of God to the inhabitants of the islands of 
the Pacific Ocean; but the bark of the bread-fruit tree, is 
converted into articles of clothing. Two or three crops are 
gathered annually from this tree. The wood is used for canoes 
and furniture; but the trunk of the tree does not grow to be 
very large nor very high, seldom reaching more than forty or 
fifty feet in hight. The foliage of this tree, especially when 
the fruit is matured, presents a beautiful appearance, the 
leaves ranging from twelve to eighteen inches in length. 




a jj h J* . 



jossm SMITH, 
r r o up hi :e t . 



THIE 



{Continued.) 

AFTER the brethren of the Camp crossed the Mississippi 
river and entered the State of Missouri, they stopped at 
a grove in Monroe county. At that place there was a branch 
of the church called Salt River Church. Some members of 
that branch joined the Camp; a eompanv of brethren which 
had been gathered up by the Prophet Joseph's brother Hyruin, 
also joined the Camp at that place. While here, the Camp 
was reorganized, and Joseph was acknowledged as Commander- 
in-Chief and Lyman Wight as General. 

About three days after leaving Salt River, the Camp was 
met by Elders ( >rson Hyde and Parley P. Pratt, who had 
been sent by Joseph to Jefferson City, to see Daniel Dunklin, 
Governor of Missouri. They reported that Governor Dunklin 
had refused to fulfill his promise to reinstate the brethren on 
their land in Jackson county. The ground he had for refusing 
to render the brethren this justice was that it was impractic- 
able. 

On June 16th, while the Camp was traveling, a public 
meeting was called of the citizens of Clay county at the 
request of Judge Ryland. He was the Judge of the Circuit. 
The brethren who had been expelled from Jackson county, 
and who were residing in Clay ci unity, attended that meeting. 
Propositions were presented by the mobbers of Jackson 
county to that meeting respecting the brethren's lands from 
which they were driven in that county. These propositions 
were apparently fair, hut were in reility a sham, as they were 
of such a character that the brethren could not comply with 
them. Before any conclusion was arrived at, the meeting 
broke up in confusion, through one Missourian Btabbing 
another. The man killed was a mobber, who had whipped 
cue of the Saints nearly to death, and boasted of having dune 
the same to many more. 

From this meeting seme of the .lackson county ninhhcr- 
started to Independence, to raise an army sufficient to rairl 

Joseph and the Camp of Zion before they could reach • 





262 



TTT'VIEIEriLIE] HTSTBTJCTOR. 





County. All kinds of rumors were in circulation respecting 
Joseph and the army, as it was called, that he had with him, 
and considerable fear rested upon the people respecting huff 
and his intentions. As James Campbell, one of the leaders 
Of the mob, was adjusting his pistols in his holsters, previous 
to starting, he swore that "the eagles and turkey blizzards 
shall eat my flesh, it' I do not fix Jo. Smith and his army, so 
that their .-kin.-, will not bold shucks, before two days arc 

passed." 

This man thought he could accomplish this without any 
trouble. He made no calculations OD the power that God 
could exercise, neither did he think that lie would take any 
notice of him or his actions. But we will relate to you. 
children, how much he was mistaken He and the others 
went to the Terry, -ml undertook to cross the Missouri river 
after dark. Winn they reached the middle of the river, the 
boat sank, and seven out of the twelve, who attempted to 
cross, were drowned The angel of God was there to hinder 
them from accomplishing their wicked design. It was an 
easy matter for him to sink the boat, and to send them to 
their own place by rater. Campbell was one of those who 
were drowned. He floated down the river eonie four or five 
mile>. and lodged upon a pile of drift-wood. In that position 
his b.»ly lay until the eagles, buzzards, ravens, crows and 
ether wild creatures ate his flesh from his bones. His own 
words were fulfilled, and when found about three weeks alter, 
ill that was left of him was a horrible looking skeleton. TWis 
di 1 tiiis wicked man bring upon himself the vengeance of an 
offended God! It is a fearful thing for a man to incur the 
displeasure of his Creator. Those men who foueht against 
/ion iii those days, and persecuted ami mobbed the Saints, 
have either died miserable deaths, or are now living as miser- 
able out,. .-I- forlorn wretches, who feel an inward conscious- 
ness of guilt, and are despised by those who know them. 
Tins is the punishment they receive for their wickedness. 

( )n tli. 19th Jay of June, the Camp had reached the vicinity 

of Clay C tuny, where the Saint- were principally living who 

had ben drivei t ol Jackson County. The brethren in the 

( amp wereanxious in iiuny forward and meet their brethren 
in Clay County that day. But they could make do headway. 
One wagon broke down, tin wheels ran off from others and 
- . many things occurred to hindi t tin ui, tbej could make but 
Instead if meeting with the Saints, they 
• • I ■ • v : 1 1 • d piece i f land between 
the Little ml But Fi.-hii g rivers 

That evening an awful storm ol wind, rain and hail, accom- 
panied by thun lightning i tmenced, and raged 

through ih" night I' uied as though the heavens were 

1 to defend the little band ol Saints who were under the 
the I'rophel Joseph. The mob had been 
collecting with the deign, i- they said, to "kill Jo. Smith 
«i„l ], - i n I ' to unite their forces; but this 

fearful Sturm prevented. The only inconvenience the Camp 
Buffered that night was from the blown,- down of some of 
their tents and the r.iin But the mob suffered dreadfully. 
The lull wa "■ that it made holes in their bat-, and 

broke SO Ol til I tic,-, and stampeded their 

- The) fell that I was fighting for the Saints. One 

oi thi it Dumber was killed by ind the resl returned 

home. In the ■ fore the -torm, the water in Big 

Pishing river wm '.-. hut the next morn- 

ing it waa about fori} )■■••! In Little Pishing river the 

mob swore that the wal feel in thirty uiin- 



Some of the leaders of the mob afterwards visited Joseph 
in the Camp. He gave them a recital of the persecutions 
the Saints had suffered and the intentions of himself and the 
brethren of the Camp in coming to that country. They were so 
softened by what they heard that they wept. They aftet wards 
exerted themselves to allay the excitement among the people. 
( To be Continued. ) 



|f r ares Jfrom a ||og Ifjooft. 



BY G. M. O. 



( Continued.) 



THE CONTRABANDIST. 
" ' Is all my rambling to and fro upon the earth, I have found 
1 no sea coast more grand, nor yet more beautiful in its 
grandeur, than Cornwall. This may be because it is my 
home; possibly because its rough and rugged shores accord 
best with my roueh and wretched life. The few but precious 
days of my happiness T passed upon its storm-worn oiiffs, and 
there too I drank the bitterest dregs of sorrow. 

" 'My mother died when I was quite an infant; barely two 
years afterwards, my father, a lieutenant in His Majesty's 
navy, was so severely wounded while 'cutting out' a privateer 
on the coast of Spain as to cause his retirement on half pay; 
in fact, my father's misfortune was the loss of a leg, yet, 
although at the time he was but thirty years old, he had been 
not only fortunate in securing but prudent in preserving his 
'prize moDey,' which, added to his pension, gave him an 
ample competence. Our cottage was situated on the neck of 
the Lizard Promontory. Inland, the prospect was bounded 
by smooth, waving com fields and velvet-like pasture lands. 
Seaward, east and west, on each side, rose the great cliffs, 
holding in check the stormy ocean that surged and hissed and 
foamed over a black and jagged reef of rocks worn in every 
variety of form by the rolling waves. Within a mile of our 
cottage a sunny little village inhabited by fishermen was 
perched among the rocks, with a small strip of sandy beach 
to accommodate the fishermen's boats. Little gardens were 
planted on rude terraces built up the hill wherever the slope 
was sufficiently gentle and the tall cliff afforded shelter from 
i he si a breeze. Hut, the scene around which the circumstances 
of my story centre was situated much nearer to our home, 
i ' i dwelling was not two hundred yards from the brow of a 

Steep arnl rocky precipice lacing .Mount's Bay. A narrow, 
zig-zag pathway led half way down the cliff to a bench or 
shelf of level land not over an acre in extent. This plateau 
had been formed ages past by some sudden land slip. The 
descent from the bench to the beach was not quite so steep, 
yet the latter could only be reached by a narrow and winding 
pathway. A bold headland to the east and the reef of rocks 
running far out in the sea on the west, forming a natural 
breakwater, made a safe and snug 1 arbor of the little cove. 
formed by the sinking of the land. The water in this little 
bay, usually calm even when old ocean was angrily lashing the 
reef with foam, was of an emerald green color, and so clear 
that you could behold the white sand glistening below and 
watch the ti-li gliding in and out. The rocky walls of the cliff 
on each side were bored into vast caverns, in and out of which 
the sea rolled and the wind in i.uied continually. The bench 





J-TT^nEZN-ILIE I1TSTRUCTOR. 



263 





or plateau belonged to William Fathom; indeed, it bad been a 
family possession for many generations. The little cottage 
bnjlt close to the face of the cliff had served as a home for 
father and son, father and son, for years. The level ground 
was cultivated as a garden, while the cove below served as a 
harbor for the boat — for Mr. Fathom assumed to follow the 
business" of a fisherman. I say 'assumed,' because, in reality, 
he was engaged in the more lucrative but dishonorable traffic 
of smuggling, bis fishing expeditions being but a blind. How 
long he had been engaged in this nefarious business I do not 
know, but I have every reason to believe that his father, in 
fact, his grandfather before him, had followed in the same 
line. Living alone, perched half way up the cliff, their boat 
the only craft ever entering the little bay or cove, Ultimately 
acquainted with the caves burrowed beneath the rocks, they 
carried on their business with apparent security. 

" 'Fathom, at the time of our settling near him as neigh- 
bors, was about the same age as my father, stout and burly in 
build, kept himself much to himself, and was looked upon by 
his acquaintances as a good natured, home-loving sort of a 
man, too lazy to be ambitious. He had a wife who seemed in 
her good nature and home-loving propensities a counterpart 
of himself. They had no children, and but one or two rela- 
tives living on that part of the coast. 

" 'We had been living in our Cornish home over two years, 
and, as you may judge, quite an intimacy had grown up 
between Mr. Fathom and my father, although, owing to the 
fisherman's habit of seclusiveness and my parent's crippled 
condition, visits to either cottage were few, at least with them, 
for I, then nearly six years old, spent much of my time with 
Fathom and his wife, being quite a favorite with both of 
them My father, either forgettiuu or ignoring his own hard- 
ships and misfortunes as a seaman, resolved to give me a nau- 
tical education and fit me as far as possible to follow in his foot- 
steps professionally. Being a thorough sailor himself, as well 
as having a good education, he assumed the duties of tutor at 
home, and allowed me to associate during my leisure hours 
with the fishermen and sailors living in our neighborhood. 
But our future plans are often greatly changed by unforeseen 
incidents; so it was in my case. 

" '1 was too young at the time to distinctly remember the 
circumstances that transpired, but as I grew up my father and 
Mr. Fathom made me familiar with every incident connected 
with the wreck of a vessel on the reef of rocks bounding the 
eastern part of fathom cove. A heavy gale from the south- 
west had been blowing with unusual force for several days. 
The coast was one mass of foam and dashing surf. The huge 
waves went thundering and roaring through the dark caves, 
their noise reverberating among the cliffs like peals of artillery. 
Tales of wreck and disaster were almost hourly reported; and, 
indeed, the oldest fishermen expressed themselves as never 
having witnessed the like before. 

" 'It was sometime during the middle watch at night, my 
father has informed me, that he was aroused from bis sleep by a 
booming report of a gun, swept to leeward by the furious gale. 
Too well he knew its meaning: a vessel in distress on a dead 
lee shore. Hastily dressing, he grasped his crutches and hoi, 
bled out into the darkne-s of the night, to render, it possible, 
aid in warning the ill-fated vessel of her danger. With the 
rain and spray dashing in his line, and almost bewildered by 
the wind, the loud beating »f the waves upon the rocks and 
the blinding darkness, he managed to gain the edge of the 
cliff and scramble down the dangerous path ill safety to 
Fathom's cottage, the fisherman and his wile, prompted by 



the same feelings for humanity in distress that brought my 
father from his cottage, had already secured a large bundle of 
faggots and were in the act of lighting them when he arrived. 
In the meantime gun after gun was discharged on board the 
ship, each report indicating that she was rapidly nearing the 
land. After repeated attempts, in defiance of wind and rain, 
the fire burned up and sent its lurid glare across the cove; and 
almost at the same moment the report and fla-h of the gun 
too plainly indicated the position of the vessel. The two men 
fancied they could hear the crash of falling mast" and wails 
of despair and cries for help, borne on the gale and above the 
hoarse roaring of the elements, and so they stood transfixed, 
thanking God that the gloom of night shut out the horrid 
vision of struggling; life from their sight. But the fire was 
not allowed to die out. Some poor soul struggling in the surf 
might yet be aided; so my father a?d Mrs. Fathom kept 
adding fuel to the flame, while the fisherman descended the 
path leading to the cove, with the faint hope that some of the 
unfortunates might drift alive into the less agitated waters of 
the little bay. 

" 'Fathom has related to me time and again how his spouse 
and my father vigorously supplied the flame, until the cove 
was all aglow with the ruddy light, making his descent, to the 
beach easy and objects floating in the water discernable. He 
first followed the eastern bend oft.be beach, where the current 
swept in towards the land with a curve. There he found 
nothing but. broken and splintered pieces of the wreck whirl- 
ing and circling in the eddies, It was there only that he 
could expect to find any soul fortunate enough to have been 
carried over the reef. Sadly disappointed, he then worked 
his way eastward along the base of the cliff towards the rocks 
forming the breakwater. But the dashing spray and surf 
prevented him from going far in that direction; so he returned 
to the foot of the path and shouted loud and often, that any 
struggling wretch hidden in the darkness might know that 
succor was near and answer his bail. The hoarse roar of the 
gale was the only reply. 

'• 'Poor sonls, all gone to render your account I' he exclaimed, 
and turned to ascend the cliff, when a sudden burst of light 
from the beacon above discovered to him something floating 
in toward the beach, much like a human being. Hastily he 
rushed to the edge of the water. The object drew nearer and 
nearer, until he could make out a large dog, with something 
white in his mouth, making for the beach. Cheering the poor 
beast, who was evidently much exhausted, he soon had the 
pleasure of seeing him Stagger through the surf and gain a 
foothold on the sands. Hearing the burden in his mouth, the 
poor creature laid it. at Fathom's feet, and shook the dripping 
wafer from his shaggy coat, fathom took up the bundle, the 
body of an infant girl, apparently dead. Around the child's 

Waist and shoulders the parents or friends bad tied this blue 
and white handkerchief" (be here showed me the handkerchief 
be bad held before the smuggler's laeei 'it made D convenient 
and secure bold for the dog, and trusting the precious burden 
to bis care, they hod doubtless committed them tO the mercy 
of the waves. Fathom hastened with his charge to the 

cottage, followed by the dog. Rfy father discovered that the 
child still lived: the proper restoratives were immediately 

applied, aiel they soon had the satisfaction of restoring the 
little being to animation, with a lair chance for its recovery. 
( To be Continued.) 



Men are born with two eyes, but one tongue, in ordei thai 

they should see twice its much as tin., -ay. 





26 4 



T IT "?" IE IT I T_. IE IFSTRUOTOR. 




DEVOTIONAL BIYIMIIN", 



Words bt R Ai.ldrwc.e. 



Music by -J. J. Daynes. 



ffi 




:*=£ 



3T4 



=Sc:zftc=i 



*=^^ 



Lord ac - oept our true de 

*± 4* .m 

-_■ 1 1 ' * — * — I — ~\ 

'■-{■ *-— • — « — * — » — * — I — 



vo - tlOI), 

IS »— ■ 



Let thy 






-*-, 



spirit whisper 



-i ^ — ^ — i 1 — 



peace; Swell our hearts with fond e - 



:& 






L_J__f5_J_ 



Never leave us, 

-i« s* -^ -* 



Never leave us, Help us Lord to 

■0 -* -m -m .0- 

m 




Never leave us 



Aid ua all to do thy bidding, 
And our daily wants supply; 

Give thy Holy Spirit's guiding, 
Till we reach the goal on high, 

Ever guard us, ever guard us, 
Till we gain the victory. 



Never leave us 



May we with the future dawning 
Day by day from sin be free, 

That on resurrection morning 
"We may rise at peace with thee; 

Ever praising, ever praising, 
Throughout all eternity. 



SXJlsriD^-Y LESSONS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



A.— They killed many of the Saints, and drove the rest from 
their homes. 



TP < HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XI.II. 



Q.— Whut happened during the first visit "f Presidents Young 
and Kimball with the prophet 1 
A — Brigham Young mi 1 John T Green spoke in tongues. 
Q —Who was present and heard them? 
A —.1 - ith, the Pro 

y — Hit .1 ph ever heard this gift manifested before? 

A — .\ i; ■. were the iir-i persons h>- had ever heard speak in 

H — 1 1 ■ that gift at the time? 

A 'i .. Joseph himself, and a few others. 

<j — Wh it did Joseph prophesy about Brigham Young? 

A.— Tlmt h* •* I e preside over the whole Church. 

<^ — What important revelation did he receive in December, 

A —". il tlw war which was t., begin in South Carolina. 

y — Wlit'. ptKiple w,-p' to be ei li" war? 

A — i • people 'ii tii" Southern and .Northern SI •' 
Kirtland about this 
the Prophi 

the 18th of March, 1- 

idncy Rigdon and Frederick 0. 
,\ irs. 

■'. . - ' . ■ Lme I ime? 

A.— M in i ■ * . 

il — W h n Id 'I"- lints in 

Missouri? 
A -I- April, l( 
t, - W ■' li I the mob do? 




A Cheerful Face. — There is no greater every-day virtue 
than cheerfulness. This quality in man, among men, is like 
sunshine to the day, or gentle, renewing moisture to parched 
herbs. The light of a cheerful face diffuses itself, and com- 
municates the happy spirit that inspires it. The sourest 
temper must sweeten in the atmosphere of continuous good 
humor. As well might fog, and cloud, and vapor hope to 
cling to the sun illuminated landscape as the blues and morose- 
ness to combat jovial speech and exhilerating jaughter. Be 
cheerful always. There is no path but will be easier traveled, 
no load but will be lighter, no shadow on heart or brain but 
will lilt sooner, in the presence of a determined cheerfulness. 

«JTJ"VEIsriIjE! I1TSTE/TJOTOR 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Singh C'/py, per Annum — - $2,00. 

On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 

Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^-Office, South Templo Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lako City, UWh. 




