
VOL XIL 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 1877. 



NO. 8. 



-A. OHZinSTESE HZA-XjL OF' CT XJ S T I C E 




THE Chinese are a very curious people in many respects. 
While there is much about them to be admired, and that 
might profitably be patterned after by the people of other 
nations, there are many things about (heir mode of life and 
their customs that arc not con<i<t'>nf wifli the ideas and tr«di- 
tions of other ])oople, and 
therefore calculated ti 
shock their sense of pro 
priety. 

For instance, mai, 
American and Europeai 
writers have expressei 
their disgust at the sever 
ity with which criminal 
in China are punished 
but there is no denyin; 
the fact that breaches o 
the criminal laws ar 
much less frequent ii 
China than in the nation 
claiming to be more civil 
ized, where the laws an 
more las and the punish 
ment less severe. 

Criminals in China ai^ 
openly and publicly di^ 
graced, and this (act prob 
ably deters many fron 
commiting crimes. W 
have told our readers ii 
rrjvious volumes of th 
Instructor of some '• 
the modes of punishmo ( 
resorted to by the Chine> , 
and have published illu 
trations of the most coi' - 
mon instrument of tortm 
used by them, and knowii 
as the "canguc." This 

consists of a collar mil) of I'urd- almul two feet f(|uare 
and fastened on the neck of th- (Timinal. /jenerally, though 
sometimes he is hobbled by bavlnv his right baud and left 
foot, or left hand and right fnof. fa-itcucil in holes in it. The 
nature of the crime for which 'he punishment is inflicted 
is always written dhthe front of thir "canguc." that the public 




may read it, as he stands in the street from morning til] 
night. 

The torture inflicted on criminals in China in addition to 
the "cangue" are beating the cheeks with a leather instru- 
ment; fquoezing the fingers; beating the person with a bamboo, 

or wooden stick; squeezing 
the ankles, imprisonment, 
etc. 

A Frenchman named M. 
Poussielgue, has thus de- 
scribed another kind of 
punishment in vogue 
there: — "Imagine a heavy 
tub upside down, under 
which a human being is 
made to crouch; his head 
and his hands are slipped 
through three round holesi 
made so excessively tight 
that he cannot remove 
them; the weight of the 
lage presses on his should- 
eis, so that whatever 
movement he makes he 
must carry it about with 
him. When he wishes to 
rest he can only crouch 
upon his knees in a most 
fatiguing position, when 
he wishes to take exerci.'^e 
he can hardly lifl the 
weight of the tub. One 
shrinks from attempting 
to realize the exi.sfenee of 
a man condemned to a 
month of such pnnish- 
mont. The miserable 
.-ufferer I saw being un- 
aMe to either eat or drink 
Ijy himself, his wife had undertaken to help him; cho was 
sianding close to the cage, feeding him with rice and some 
little pieces of pork, which she poshed into his mouth with 
chopsticks." 

The traveler just mentioned has also given ns an account of 
a Chinese hall of justice. "At the end of a large liall, on a 





86 



Cr TJ "TT E nsr I L El IISrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 




raised daip, sat the mandarin in ceremonial costume, surrounded 
by his councilors, and the officers of justice. Behind the 
mandarin stood his fan-bearer and two children richly dressed 
in silk, who held over his head the insignia of his dignity. 
On the twelve stone steps that ascended to the dais were 
posted — first, the executioner, conspicuous for his wire hat 
and his red dress; then came his assistants and the gaolers, 
carrying different instruments of torture, which they clashed 
noisily together, whilst continuing at intervals to utter horri- 
ble yells, intended to throw terror into the minds of the pris- 
oners. All round the hall stood police-soldiers in rec'-'.vselled 
caps, armed with a short spear, with two swords sheathed in 
the same scabbard. " , 



^,0 lite ^/ntcnnial H.xlulitiioii,, 

AA7-ITHC J"OTTinsrC3-S BIT 




( Continiieci . ) 

IF I speak of wh;it T saw that most interested mo it might 
not prove so to the general reader. A few point.s I will 
refer to. 

It is generally <Mnc-cded that Sweden, although a third-class 
kingdom, n;ale the most creditable exhibit- I really enjoyed 
the novelty of .seeing what could be done with SweJish iron. 
There were huge bars seven and eight inches in diameter tied 
up into knots. Other articles in iron were bent and twisted 
into all kinds of shapes without, any apparent crack or strain 
on the surfaci. Professor riiderminn of Sioekholm, had 
groups in i)lastcr of the peasantry of Sweden and Norway 
that ware very quaint and life like. In many instances the 
groups were taken for live specimens. The group of the 
"Dying Hiby" and the "Liplander in his Sleigh" were 
especially fine. Si.xty large glass jars showed the development 
of a cod fish from the egg to the full grown fish, a labor that 
must have been enormous. 

Oreat Britain was on hand with tens of thousands of rare 
and lieaiitifiil object-: in every department of the arts and 
manuCactures. France wasrei)resonted to perfection in every- 
thing used by the gentler le.x. such as dresses, shawls, laces. 
bronzes, iiorcelain ware, furniture, silk, etc. Germany o itvied 
the rest ot the world in vases, mugs, jewelry, dolls, toys, 
pianos, and costly books. Italy coiues next with mosaics 
cameos, wooi] carving, ciral, church furni.shings. statuary and 
iewelry. Austria and Hungary eclipsed the whole world in 
glass ware, vases, porcelain, anil a variety of industrial i)ro- 
duct.s. Holland bad a very solid and sensible exhibit of 
necessary articles of home use. la woolen fabrics she had no 
equal, especially in articles of men's wear. Then the objects 
from her ci)lonial )nssessions — grains, woods, arms, weapons, 
embrtiderics and fillagrec work, and woven stuffs from the 
East Indi s, made up aver/ neat, thou,di not large, coll ction. 

Kussia is a country but little known. Everythiiiu- in llussia 
sliows the one man power to its fullest development, but a 
glance at the exhibit from the most powerful nation in Europe 
shows that it is a progressive one. In all the admirable 
fabrics of cloth, leather, iron, steel, silver, bronze, in orna- 
mental stones, and (-ostly t'lrs, it was a difficult ta ik to .surpass 
her productions:. The exhibit as a whole was superb. A 



little bunch of sable skins on exhibition were valued at 
$2,400. A fur cloak made of the backs of sable skins was 
offered at $2,700, and a lady's cape of black fox fur was 
marked at SI, 400. The old maxim says, "A lean horse for a 
long race." The Russian one says, "Go .slow and you will go 
far." A certain solidity of style is manifest everywhere in all 
that Russia offers. 

Portugal is a small kingdom, but wealthy. Whatever large 
countries exhibite J, the Portuguese also sent similar specimens 
of. From a few retly dependi n ios still under her control, san:- 
p'esof coffee, ptl n oil, vegerallefilre , sugars, drugs, nut?', hard 
woods, cotton and spices were sent. The wines of Portugal 
w->re fully represented, particularly the speciality — poit wine 
from Oporto. Common wines in that country cost from five to 
ten cents per bottle. One firm in Lisbon exhibited eighty 
different kinds of preserved fruits, vegetables, macaroni, 
vi'rmieelli and fancy biscuits. In the matter of beans, 
I'orluTal makes a display that outvies any other countries. 
The Portuguese u.se more beans as food both for man and 
beast than we do in America. Among the small nations 
Switzerland takes the front rank. The exhibit from the 
oldest republic in the world was small, but very good. The 
]iiineipal objects in the show eases were watches, embroideries, 
textile fabrics, wood carving and chemical products. A little 
chalet after the style of homes in the mountams of Switzerland 
was used asan office for the commission. Over 200,000 watches 
are annually produced in the French speaking cantons of 
Switzerland, the value of which may be ccmputed at 
.'S20,000,000,00 as a yearly producion. 

A little watch, so small as to be inserted in a lady's ring, 
indicating the day of the week and the phases of the moon! 
Just think of it! Another, in.serted in a lady's pencil case, 
was offered at $800,00. The most costly watch offeied by 
Switzerland was valued at i? 1,000,00. Then there was a full 
disjilay of scientifii! instruments, electric clocks and music 
bixes The largestone, playing thirty-six tunes, cost!?2,000 OO. 
Carvjd woo 1 boxes of every kind were in endless variety. The 
collection of school apparatus and objects used in the instruc- 
tion of the Swiss youth were charming. Every object used 
to teach by the eye, as well as byb^oks, was fully represented. 
In lace work the display was simp'y beautiful. Fancy straw 
wo.k, cheap cotton fabrics and many other iteais made up in 
brief the display from the country of twenty-two cantors, the 
whole population in all of which do not amount to more than 
the population of London. 

Japan comes next in order, a country but recently opened 
up to foreigners, but one that adopts every American and 
European idea with alacrity when its value is fully known to 
them. Japanese, whether male or female, soon adopt the 
F]uropean style of dress and exhibit to a wonderful extent the 
doing in Rome what the Romans do. They soon divest them- 
selves of their cumbrous clothing and take kindly to pants, 
vest an] coat. They swarm in the educitiniml estililish- 
ments of F^urope and America, learning, thinking, observing 
and taking notes on western civiliza'tion. so as to engraft the 
same on the old eastern habits. 

The e.xhibits from Japan consist of magnificent va.ses, 
porcelain, bronzes, all exhibiting a high degree of perfection, 
although mixed with barbarian art. In lacijuer work the 
exhibit is unique. The manufacture of laccpiered woods dates 
back a thousand years in Japan. There were little trays worth 
fifty cents, and other articles as high as .tl, 000,00. Lac(iuer 
is the sap of a tree called scientifically rJiics vernicifrra and is 
applied layer upon layer with brushes and spatula until the 





a-TJ"V"E]35rii_,B IIs^sTI^TJOTOI^/ 



proper thickness is obtaiDed; it is then carved and ornamented 
to suit their taste. English artisans have gone to Japan to 
learn the art of laoiuering, and, no doubt, we shall have the 
results of English skill in so useful an art. In ivory-earving, 
fancy straw- work and elaborately painted screens, the exhibi- 
tion is unsurpassed, although the figures and drawings are 
poor on account of their ignorance of the rules of perspective. 
There is an odd and grote-que look to a picture when the 
object* are a'l mixed up without rule. 

In articles of carpentry and cabinet work, we have some- 
thing to learn from the workmen of Japan. Their produc- 
tions are marvels of precision and nentness. 
{To lie Continued.) 



nynissioiT. 



j^ 




liY KLDER C. 



( Continued, ) 

ELl^EIl C. had very little hope of being able to reniov" preju- 
dice from the mind or such a man as Staffiu-d. He 
was a wicked apostate, and a bad man; but Elder V,. felt 
that it might do good to let the pnople see the diffeience 
bctweci. the spirit nnnifested by S'afford and the spirit 
which he hoped to show during the didiate. He (ell- cerfnin, 
too, that Staffoid would go so flu- and be so outrageous that 
tlie decent portion of the audience would become utterly 
discusteil with him, and give their sympathies to himself 
Elt>ei( C. prayed to the Lord that this might bo so, and that 
good miuht result from the debate. 

At the meeting hour the people bad come from all directions 
for miles around. It seemed as though the news had spread 
on the wind. Ei.dkr C. and Mr. j\I. walked in and took 
seats on the platform, and soon Stafford and a friend took 
seats there, too. As yet Elper (1 did not know what subject, 
even, was to be discussed. Stafford had been too crazy to 
arrange any of the preliminaries at all, as to who .should 
speak first, how long a time each should have, how the 
meeting shoulil be organized and conducted, etc. The house 
was becoming di^nsely packed and the people were anxious to 
have the proceedings begin. There was a very rough clement 
in the audience, and p]l,iiKR C. was afraid of serious di.sorder 
unless measures were taken to prevent it; and he saw at once 
that StaflPord did not know anything about parliamentary 
rules, though he .seemed to want to "run" the meeting. At 
length, at Ei.hkr C.'s suggestion, a chairman was elected, and 
seated on the i>latform, in the midst of much disorder. 
Then Mr. 31., in behalf of Et.DF.lt (1., asked what the subject 
was to be. Stafford, who had scarcely kept his mouth .shut 
a minute since entering, .shouted out "Polygamy! We're 
goin' to discus.s polygamy!" Ei.UKfi C. and Mr. M. .objected 
to this, when Stafford appealed to the audience, a number 
of whom, composed of bad men who had come to sui)port 
him, .seconded his demand, and Ei.i>kr (I and Mr. M., 
fearing a riot if the crowd of roughs did not have their way, 
and foreseeing that very little reason or logic was going to be 
used by Stafford, yielded. It was then agreed that Staffcrd 
should occupy the first half hour. Elder C. the second, 
Stafford the thinl and Ei.HKit V. the fourth, the meeting to 
be two hours long. Stafford commenced in the same strain 
as his afternoon speech. He quoted two or three pas.sagcs 
prove polygamy a wrong practice, and then left the subject 




entirely and poured forth a torrent of abuse, foul language 
and lies. There was neither logic nor reason in his state- 
ments. At length his half hour expired, the chairman called 
him to order and Ei.dkr 0. commenced sjieaking. The first 
words he uttered .seemed to work a sreat change in the 
audience, a good portion of whom had kept applauding 
Stafford, but instantly they became very still, and continued 
so till he had finished. This was probably caused by the 
strong contrast between the manners of thi.: two speakers, as 
Elder C. was very calm and cool, and spoke in a v^ry calm 
tone. .Stafford had given him little or nothing to reply to, 
except personal abuse, and that. Elder 0. said, was not the 
subject (or discussion, and he scorned to reply to it, but 
quoted many passages from the Bible, in support of his views. 
Stafford followed again, this time more di.sgusting in his 
langunge th;iu before, and Elder (.'. occupied the next half 
hour in the same str:iin as before. As he was finishing his 
remarks he thought he saw .-igns of an intention on the part 
of a lot of roughs, friends of StalTord, to mob him if they 
got a good chance. As .soon as he had finished, Mr. M. 
befriended him by making a few remarks, which were replied 
to by Suitf 'rd, thus giving Elder C. time to slip out, mount 
a horse which a relative liad brought and U-t him take, and 
on wiilcb he rode four miles to the house of o cousin before 
the mci'ting disuiisscd, which it. at length di'l iu great 
confusion. 

The night was very stormy, and the house filled to over- 
fijiwiug, and .soma who could not get in, backed a wagon up 
to the window to .see and hear all they could.- The next day 
one of Stafford's old friends, a member of the same "church," 
told Fldeu C. that it was well for bim that he slipped away 
as he did. for jjreparaticns h:id been made to 'ride him on a 
rail' by a lot of apostates who had come for miles to the 
"debate." In fact, they liad .sent .some twenty miles for 
Stafford, deeming him a "big gun," in their "church." 

The debate, if .such it can be called, did much good. 
Several who had pieviously been ioUowers of Stafford, in the 
same "church," an apostate organization, had their eyes 
opened to pcrcieve the spirit which he and tho.sc like him 
were of, rejiented of ever having .sympathized with them, 
and were baptized. The influence of Stafford among the 
decent members of the community was killed, and he and 
his doctrines are despised among them. And thus the Lord 
overruled the efforts of the enemies of truth, and broke 
down error and spread a knowledge of the gosiul. 
(To he Uontimted.) 



WiliiLE Streets in Canton are occupied by venders of birds' 
nests, a dainty which, rendered into .soup and jelly, is regarded 
as a most delectable morsel. This nest is the size of a small tea 
cup, and weighs scarcely a half ounce. It is of creamy white- 
ness, and fetches twice its weight in silver. This is the first 
nest and is made of a gelatine produced from the body of the 
bird. When the rapacious hunter turns out the homeless 
bird and bears off the prize, the little architect, being unable 
to .secrete sutlicient gluten for another, mixes in sticks, feath- 
ers, and dried grass. These also find a market at a much lower 
price. 'J'he third and last nest being comparatively worthless 
for food, the poor little builder is allowed to retain possession 
and rear its family. A million and a half dollars are annually 
exjicuded by the Chinese for this luxury, and hundreds of 
men sjicnd their lives in the perilous work of collecting tlie 
ne.sts from deep caverns, frightful dill's, and overhanging rock 





88 



0" T7 "ST E liT I Xj E IHSTS T IS/TJ CT OI^ . 




j^orrts^ontlence* 



Mount Pleasant, 

Sanpete Co, Utah, 

April 1st, 18T7. 
Editor Juvenile Instnuior: 

Dear Brother. — I visited the Sunday 
school in this place this morning by invitation of its energetic 
superintendent. Elder Lauritz Larson, whom I found, with an 
earnest and efficient company of teachers of both sexes, engaged 
in the laudable calling of instructing the youth of Zion in tlie 
fundamental principles of our holy religion. It was very 
gratifying to witness the interest taken by the teachers and the 
good order maintained by the pupils. It speaks volumes for 
the future men and women of Zion. Your valuable paper is a 
great favorite with the young folks, and the older ones think it 
the best paper of its kind published anywhere. 

I found classes in the Bible, Book of Mormon, Jdvexilk 
Instr0ctor, Catechism, etc. There are two hundred and fifty 
scholars enrolled, with an average attendence of two hundr. d 
and ten. These are taught by twenty female and fourteen male 
leachers in twenty-eight classes, so if some of the teachers are 
not able to attend there are enough to take charge ot thj classes. 
What a power in the l&nd for good is the Sunday school I It 
should be encouraged and sustained by every well wisher lu 
Zion. 

That God will bless everj' faithful laborer in the cau'-e of 
truth is the constant prayer of To ir brother, 

Edward Cliff. 




20 Bishop's Gkove, 

Bath Po^d Road, 
lokdon, eholanu, 
ilarch l.jth, 1877. 
Editor Juvenile In-strudor: 

Dear Brother.— As I sit in my little 
room, not very far removed from the rush and bustle of noisy 
London, my mind oft hies away to that region where 1 have 
spent so many happy, and, i trust, u-^et'ul liuurs of my life— the 
Sunday schools at American Fork and cithers in Utah aiul Salt 
Lake Counties. There I have seen many faces beaming with 
happiness, kindness and good will, and they linger as refreshing 
memories during the few intervals in which my mind is unoccu- 
pied with missionary labors. When I add to this the generous 
solicitude shown by so many esteemed friends, the number of 
whose greetings seem to vie with the stars for number-, 1 am 
constrained to thank them for their kindness, and can scarcely 
realize that I am so far away. 1 deeply feel the importance of 
the work I am engaged in, and enjoy the spirit of my mission, 
as I endeavor to proclaim the fullness of the everlasting gospel. 
While our dear ones at home troup with happy mood by tens 
and twenties to their 8unda3' schools to praise the God and 
Father of all. the children of the Saints in this Conference can 
be seen going in smaller bands to the seven Sunday schools, 
now in good working orier. They meet -Sabbath after Sabbath 
to hear and sing of Zion's glories, benefits and pleasures, as yet 
so far from them in the west. True, they hear in rolling chorus 
Zion's praises sung when they assemble in Conference, and 
according to the extent of their perceptions, of the pure and the 
beautiful, are its memories treasured up. It is their hey-day of 
delight, and ssrves as a fountain of supply i" keep their hearts 
warm through another six months. It is true that all cannot 
attend the Conference, but those of mure ad.ancedage do and 
feel in themselves an earnest of the time to come. Many are 
buckling on the armor for life's conflict— for the fight for 
conscience and principle, and will aid the spirit, working with 
A strong effort to produce for themselves a pure physical 
development, a well balanced mind and a temple of moral 
integrity meet for the Spirit of God to dwell in. 



But how difficult for the young to get a correct understanding 
of the gospel when so far from home! Those acts of vice which 
startle us in Utah's fair vales, are of hourly occurrence in 
London. The young have to cultivate a degree of callousness 
to retain the equilibrium of their own sensibilities; but this 
sometimes takes the edge o^ their weapons, by tending to 
degenerate into indifference. Truly they have to sing the songs 
of Zion in a strange land, and sit down with hearts and harps, 
more or less out of tune, by the swift flowing streams of 
Babylon. 

By social meetings and happy reunions we administer mutual 
solace, with the encouragement that we are marching home. 
We are grateful for the tokens we have of the success of our 
labors. 

The Juvenile Instruotor is sent to me by kind friends, 
and real with much interest; and 1 fe^l that though I am absent 
in person I am not in spirit, and I have more interest than ever 
in the welfare of the sons and daughters of the Latter-day 
Saints. I have often written to my dear children not to let 
an.vthing keep them from attending to their Sunday schools, 
and I really hope they are making themselves generall.y useful 
in that direction while I am here trying to do the will of the 
Lord, in which I c;in say I take great comfort. The Sabbath 
schools in Zion have my earnest prayers and blessings, for if 
any individual needs the Spirit of God to guide him it is the 
Sabbath school teai-her, for looking at the matter full in the face, 
we cannot but shudder a« we reflect, if the righteous shall scarcely 
be saved, where will the ungodly and sinner appear? or, if 
heavenly jewels are so hard to obtain, what will be the fate of 
those who despise and tread thein under feet'f Much will be 
required at the hands of the Elders of Israel for the examples 
and teachings given to the rising generation. 

I feel that the Instrui.'Tor is rightly named, for truly it is 
imjiarting valuable instruction to both yourg and old. I 
sincerely h.^i.e it receives the patronage of the Latter-day Saints, 
which it deserves 

With continual prayers for your wellare, I remain your 
brother and uo-laburer in the cause of truth, 

W.M. Pax MAN. 



Ex:Ti^E:yLES nvEEET. 



ElKrScan be cooked by the extreme of cold as well as by 
the extreme of heat. Bu;ter can be made like ivory, so that 
it can be turned. We may by the agency of this, solidify 
many of the other liquid substances, and, indeed, many of 
the gaseous, but a more intense degree of cold is used and we 
employ laughini; gas. This laughing gas, which is heavy, is 
the carbonic acid we have shown; when squeezed forcibly by 
the pump it becomes as beautiful and pellucid a liquid as 
carbonic acid, and if allowed to remain produces a most 
intense degree of cold. We can, however, .show the liquid. 
Let me ask you, however, to observe, prior totha't experiment, 
a very curiously interesting one in regard to the spheroidal 
state of matter. We have here a glass lamp, and we place 
over this lamp a platina dish. In the platina dish we place 
some of this mixture of solid carbolic acid, and in the middle 
of it introduce the mercury, and we shall find that the mercury 
would freeze, showing that we have a cold at least forty 
degrees below zero. We u.sed to make an experiment such as, 
molting led inten.sely hot, and then putting the hand in and 
ladling it from one vessel to another; for if, in lieu of this, 
you take a quantity of melted iron, you can plunge your hand 
into it with impunity, and workmen have even been able to 
walk on a bed of melted iron. Take a poker and put it in a 
hot coal fire, get it very hot, and you may lift it or wipe it on 
the tongue with impunity. We may have it so hot that the 
vapor actually protects us. 





J" TJ "V E nsr 1 1_, EI IIsTSTK/UOTOI?/ 



89 




Here we shall have a more extraordinary illustration of it, 
for we can not only make ice, but can freeze mercury. We will 
fill this little thimble with mercury, and as soon as it is 
intensely hot we will introduce th ; mixture, and will show this 
curious illustration and attempt to freeze the mercury. Those 
who make the experiment of the heated lead please to remem- 
ber to have the lead intensely hot and you will tind that it 
gives out cold. — Dr. Doremjts. 



S "U" ISr ID J^ TT XjESSOISTS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



HISTORY OF JOSKPH SMITH, THK PROPHKT. — LI8S0B I.I. 



Q — Why WHS it called Adam-ondi-ahman? 

A.— Because it was the ijlace where Adam would come to visit 
his people. 

Q — "When were the corner stones of the Bouse cf the Lord 
laid in Far West? 

A.— On the 4th of July, !»<;». 

Q — "Who were appointed and ordained tn fill up the quorum 
of the Twelve? 

A. — John Taylor, John E. Page, Wiliord Woodruff and 
Willard Richards. 

Q. — What happened shortly after this. 

A. — Joseph the prophet, and the Saints were much persecuted. 

Q. — How were they persecuted? 

A. — By beinpf falsely accused and taken before the courts, 
and put in prison. 

Q — Who were their persecutors? 

A. — Wicked men who were living: in Missouri. 

Q. — What civil officer acted as ring-leader of the mob? 

A — Lilburn W. Boggs, the governor of Missouri. 

Q. — Who was another of the leaders? 

A. — Mr. Bogart, a Methodist preacher. 

Q. — How did the propliet Joseph feel while these persecution 
were going on? 

A. — He was pained to see some of his brethren brought to an 
untimely grave by them. 

Q. — Which of the brethren were killed about this time? 

A.— Gideon Carter and David W. Patten. 

Q._What office in the Church did David W. Patten hold? 

A. — He was one of the Twelve Apostles. 

Q. — When did governor Btggs give his order to General .John 
B. Clark, to either drive the Saints from the State or kill them? 

A.— On the 27th of October, 1838. 



H.\PPINESS. — Benjamin Franklin once wrote: "There are two 
wajs of being happy — we may either diminish our wants, or 
augment our means — either will do — the result is the same; 
and it is for each man to decide for himself and do that which 
happens to be the easiest. If you are idle, or sick, or poor, 
however hard it may be to diminish your wants, it will be 
harder to augment your means. If you are active and pro.s- 
perous, or young, or in goou health, it may be easier for you to 
augment your means than to diminish your wants. But if you 
are wise, you will do both nt the same time, young or old, rich 
or poor, sick or well; and if you are very wise you will do both 
in such a way as to augment the general happincs of society. 




TiiDSK who know the value of human life know the impor- 
tance of a year, a day, and even an hour; and these when 
spent amid the full emj)loynient of the vital functions, of how 
much importance to our whole existence! It is ttierefore an 
eternal and irreparable loss, when time is not employed. 



^uestton^ and ^nsmcr^ 

03Sr THE 



LESSON OXXIV. 
Q. — What did Corihor do when he was thirty-too years o\dl 

A.— He rebelled against his father and went to the land of 
Xehor. 

Q. — As soon as he could collect an army what did be do? 

A. — He attaclted his lather in the land of Moron and took him 
captive, thus fulfilling the words of the brother of Jared. 

Q. — What was the name of Kib's other son? 

A. — Shule; he rebelled against his brother, Corihor, and hav- 
ing armed his followers with swords of his own manufacture 
defeated him and reinstated his father. 

Q — Who succeeded Kib as king' 

A. — His son Shule. 

Q. — Was this reign a peaceful one' 

A. — No; Noah, a nephew of the king, rebelled, and obtained 
in one battle possession of part of the land. 

Q. — What was the result of a second battle? 

A.— Shule was taken prisoner, and was about to be killed, 
when Noah was slain by his cousins, the sons of Shule. 

Q. — Who was the succesi-or of Noah as king over part of the 
land? 

A. — His son Cohor. 

Q. — What did he attempt, and what success did he have? 

A — He engaged in a battle with Shule, hoping to gain the 
entire kingdom, but was defeated and slain. • 

Q. — Who succeeded him? 

A.— His son Nimrod, who gave up his fattcr's kingdom to 
Shule, and thus gained the favor of the latter. 

OlsT THE BIBLE. 



Q. — When Saul inquired of the Lord what was the result? 

A. — "The Lord answered him not, neither by dreams, nor by 
Urim, nor by prophets." 

Q. — What did Saul then say unto his servants? 

A. — "Seek me a woman that bath a familiar spirit, that I may 
go to her, and inquire of her." 

Q. — What reply did his servants make? 

A.— "Behold, there is a woman that hath a familiar spirit at 
Endor." 

Q.— What did Saul then do? 

A.— He 'disguised himself, and put on other raiment, and he 
went, and two men with him, and ihey came to the woman by 
night." 

Q.— What did Saul ask of the woman at Kndor? 

A. — Tliat she would bring up the man whom he should name. 

Q.— What was her reply' 

A. — "Behold, thou iinovvest what Saul hath done, how ho hath 
cut off those that have familiar spirits, and the wizards out of the 
land: wherefore then layest thou a snare for my life, to cause me 
to die?" 

Q.— What did Saul swear to her? 

A. — "As the Lord livclb, there sh«ll no punishment happen to 
thee for this thing." 

y. — What then said the wonuiii? 

A. — "Whom shal. I bring up unto thee'/" 

y.— What answered Saul/ 

A. — "Itring me up Samuel." 

Q. — When the wonuin saw Sannicl coming up, what did she 
do? 

A. — She cried with a loud voice and said, "Why bust thou 
deceived me? for thou are Saul." 

Q.— What then did the king say unto h^r' 

A. — "Be not afraid, for what sawest thou?" 




i^' 



90 



J'TJ'VElSriLE IITSTI^UOTOI^. 




^h^ lluuenils^ l[nstrttdot;. 



GEOKGE Q. CANNON, - 


- EDITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


APRIL 15, 1877. 



E3IDia?OI^I^Xj THZOXJO-ECTS. 





IXIN(t with the world reveals one start- 
ling fact to a Latter-day Saint who has 
heen brought up in the mountains, and 
that is the great want of chastity, espe- 
ci illy amrngthe youth aud men. Chastity 
among men in these days and in our 
nation is almost unknown. There is far 
less among women than there should be, 
but a degree of chastity is required of 
girls and women that is not expested of men. 
We hope this may never be the case among 
the Latter-day Saints. Why should a woman 
be condemned for doing that which is not con- 
sidered wrong for a man to do? Why should 
a woman be thrust out from society aud called 
UDciean and an unfit associate for the pure-minded 
and the virtuous, while a man who is guilty of the 
same sin is allowed to mingle freely in .society? 
This is the case at the present time in the world; but should 
never be allowed in our society. Children, God has plainly 
spoken to His Church and people in our day concerning 
chastity. He has told us that if we are guilty of certain acts 
and even thoughts, that unless we rejient we shall deny the 
faith. Unchaste thou.ghts, unchaste words, and unchaste 
actions will de.«troy and drive the Spirit of God from our 
hearts and leave us a prey to darkness, doubt aud unbelief. 
You read of many people apostatizing, some of whom were 
prominent men in the Church. Why have they apost-itized? 
T>eca\is9 of their committing sin. (!od does not leave His 
children to fall into the hands of Satan if they live as He 
commands them; but when they do wrong, are impure, they 
drive His Spirit from them. Boys and men are required to 
be as chaste a« the other sex; and indeed they are more 
responsible, because if they live faithful they receive the 
priesthood and are called to act therein, (iod will have a 
pure people, aud none can stand in His Church and endure 
all the trials and difficulties to be met in this lilo if they live 
in violation nf Hi.-> laws. 

In the old countries, and in this, also, marriage is falling into 
disuse. A great many men refuse to marry. They prefer to 
live without the responsibilities and the expense and care of a 
family. The result is that wickedness abounds, unchastity is 
common, and vice spreads. Those barriers of virtue which 
should be built up in the character of the rising generation 
are swept away by the sights that are before their eyes, espe. 
cially in the large citie=. Large cities liavo always been the 
seed plots of vice, and this is their character to-day in the 
I'nited States. 

Cod has gathered the Latter-day Saints together for the 
purpose of starling a new order ol thing--. He will have a 
people who arc virtuous, and will not suffer those who are not 
virtuous to remain in His Church for any length of time. He 
approves of marriage, and bles.ses those who marry. One of 
the best evidences of His approval of His servants who take 
more wives than one is the fact that He fills such men and 



women with HisIHoly Spirit. They keep the faith, they are full 
of underslanding concerning the gospel, they grow and increase 
in the knowledge thereof, thus showing ihat God looks down 
upon, approves and blesses those who obey His commandments 
in this respect. But how different it would be with these same 
men and women were they to be unchaste and unvirtuous, and 
live together unmarried! They would lose the Spirit, deny 
the faith and become apostates. For instance, let an Elder go 
on a mission, and while gone fall into sin; unless he repents 
with deep sorrow, he loses the Spirit of God and becomes an 
apostate, God thus showing His condemnation of such conduct; 
and it stands out in striking contrast with His approval of 
those who marry wives according to His commands. 

Children who read the Juvenile Instructor, we desire 
you to grow up pure in your thoughts, your words and your 
actions. Boj's or girls should never say nor do anything in 
secret or in the .society of their companions that they would 
blush to do in the presence of their parents. S-hun the .society 
of the impure. Remember that even the best characters can 
be injured by associating with those who are corrupt. Listen 
to the counsels of your parents, treasure their words of warn- 
ing, be obedient to their precepts, follow their examples, and 
you will grow up honored and respeced, (rod will bless you and 
your days will be long in the land. 



iFOIL-XI^ESS ODP'HI-^n^d:. 



ON the tith of August, 1840, there was great excitement 
in Boulogne. On that day a small vessel, called the 
C(/?/o/'i7(i//i6'«*v//)., had steimed into the harbor; a party of 
fifty men, with a prince at their head, had landed on the 
beach; and these, after making prisoners of the sentries, had 
actually marched into the barracks. The name of the leader 
was Prince Louis Napoleon; his followers were composed of 
K iglishram and natives of his own country, who had been 
induced to join his standard. We will tell you how it was that 
(he ittle invading party had thus made its appearance. 

Eight years previously, on the death of the only son of Napo- 
leon the Great, the prince of whom we are speaking had 
become the legal heir of the house of Bonaparte; but as at that 
time his family was living in exile in Switzerland, having after 
the disastrous events of IM ."> — the year of the battle of Water- 
loo — been expelled from their native land, he was of course 
unable to a-cend the throne, liut Louis was no ordinary man. 
lie had been well trained by his mother to prejiare himself for 
the high posidop which he was one day destined to take; he 
knew full well that his sympathizers in France numbered not a 
few; what could be more natural, then, than that the ambition 
which he could hardly help possessing should be.gin to plainly 
show itself.'' Thus it was that within a few years he had so 
arranged his plans that he had been enabled to gather together 
a considerable uuiiiber of followers, and even to make an 
attempt to seize one of the strongest fbrtres.ses of France — 
that of Strasburg. The soldiers of that city, however, were 
by no means so favorable to his cause as he had anticipated, 
and the result was a disappointing one, for the prince was taken 
])risoner, and his life only spared on the condition that he 
would proceed to America. 

He did not remain long in this country, but soon returned 
to Switzerland. The French government, however, quickly 
demanded his expulsion; withm a .^^hort time therefore, he 
.sought refuge in England where, in no way disheartened by his 
failure at Strasburg, he began once more to push forward his 
cherished plans. And thus it was that, after remaining in that 




§^' 



-T'-'V* 



=^1 



J" TJ "7" Ei isr I IL. E3 JISrSTI^^TJOTOIS/. 



91 



countr.v for a few years, he contrived to coUee" top:ether a small 
band of adherents, and to sail for the coast of France. 

After landing at Botiloene there seemed at first to tie a slight 
movement shown by the soMicrs of the garrison in favor of the 
prince; but their commander sion recalled them to a sense of 
duty, and Louis and his followers were compelled to flee in dis- 
may to the beach, where they were ciuickly captured. 

It was feared by many that the prince's life would now be 
sacrificed; but luckily for him it was not so. But the sentence 
pronounced upon him was very severe, for. after a long trial, 
he was ordered to be impri-oned for life in the gloomy fortress 
of Ham. 

Nearly six years pa-sel by, and Prince Liuis was still a pris- 
oner, closely watched an 1 nndei- »tMiia guild. At tlii-; time 
he heard from Italy tliat his father w:is on his death bed, and 
that he desired to see hiiu before he died. Tliis seemed to pre- 
sent to Louis a very reasonable excuse for asking permission to 



coasideration convinced him that the scheme was a good one. 
It was to disguise himself, and to escape from the fortress in 
the garb of a workman ! 

To carry out such a daring plan as thi>J was no easy matter, 
but Louis Napoleon was equal to the occa>ion; and soonnhe 
day arrived on which his dreams were to be realized. 

It was Monday morning, and every preparation had been 
made by the prince. He had obtained a workman's dress, a 
loig w^ig. and an ordiiaiy cap; his hands and face were painted 
re I an 1 black; his moustache was shaved; and difiicult indeed it 
wouli b; to leogni^j tne min who w.n to be the future 
ruler of Fiance. 

Thus disguised, the prince goes out, carrying a plank on his 
shoulder. On his way he encounters a workman, who speaks 
to him, but Liuls pietcnds not to hear him, and passes on. 
Within a few minutes, however, another <langer awaits him, 
for he has now to pass the first sentrv. But he is quite pre- 





leave the fortress for a time; but, though he made several 
applications, his rtipiests were not complied with; and there 
can be no doubt th;ii thi- l•e|■u^,ll on the part of the govtrnnent 
tended to inccra-c tlic dcsir.' lur liberty which it was only 
natural that he ^h luM W- ■■.. Vou will not 'e surprised to 
hear, therefore, tli.it belnn.- long he dciermined to devise some 
plan of escape. 

For some time the [nincc ciu'd in'i ilunk af ;iny means by 
which he c'uild carry otn lii>.wi^lie>; aad when we tell you 
that the castle was garrisoned by four hundred soldiers, and 
that, besides a large number of gaolers, .--entries were always 
on guard at the principil gates, his difficulty can be ea.sily 
understood. One day, however, as lie was taking his usual 
exercise within the ca>lk', where a number of carpenters and 
ma.sons were eiigiiged in repairing the walls, a ray of hope 
flashed upon him, for he then thought of a plan bv which his 
loDL'edfor freedom could l>e obtained, and one moment's 



pared; he first turns the plank so as to hide his face: then he 
drops his pipe, and eordly stops to pick up the pieces. This 
proceeding h id the desired effect; the soldier's suspicion is in 
no way aroused, anl he is able to go on in safety. He now 
reaches the grounds of the castle. Hue he meets first an 
otticer, but fortunately he is reading a letter, and does not 
notice him; then a group of workmen, who. however, merely 
eye him rather suspiciously. He h is but one more difliculty, 
and that is to get by the sentry at the outer gate. Louis, 
nothing daunted, walked up to him boldly, and is for a moment 
carefully scrutinized; but the friendly plank once more pro- 
tects him, for by a ((uick movement he again screens his face 
with it; the la/.y soldier takes no further trouble to examine 
him; and so the bolts are drawn back, the gates arc opened 
for him, and the prisoner of Ham is free! 

To (M(H(ic in this apparently easy manner would have been 
impossible had not Louis been assisttnl in his plans; for hi.> 





9S 



J U ^ :E11<T Z X^ El IISrSTI^TJCTOI?.. 



flight would, of course, have been quickly discovered, and his 
capture inevitable. But two faithful friends were with him 
in the f. rtress — the one his valet, and the other Dr. Conoeau, 
who had formerly been a fellow-prisoner, but was afterwards 
permitted to share the captivity of the prince as his physician. 
The valet it was who assisted Louis by obtaining the dress in 
which he disguiicd himself; but the doctor was of equal service 
to him, for by his efforts alone the news of the escape was 
effjctually concealed until the prince was far beyond the reach 
of his gaolers. 

The manner in whch he contrived to delay the discovery is 
very interesting. We are told that the governor always made 
it a rule to see the prisoner daily. On the day when Louis left, 
however, the doctor carefully closed the prince's door, and 
lighted a fire, pretending that he was very unwell; then he 
spjke in low tones, and talked seriously of his patient's indis- 
position, and of his need of repose and quiet. The result 
was that the governor consented for some time not to disturb 
the prince. Evening arrived, however, and the commandant 
determined not to be put off any more, and insisted on seeing 
him, But even then the doctor was able to avert the dit- 
covery ibr a little time longer. Noiselessly entering the room, 
he approached the bedside of the supposed prisoner, and 
called him by name. As the governor, who stood at the door, 
heard no response, and the doctor intimated by signs that the 
patient still slept, the former was again deceived. A few 
hours passed by, however, and the suspicions of the com- 
mandant were by some means aroused, and he resolved that 
he would wait no long.^r, but would ascertain the real truth of 
the matter. Thus the plot wms brought to light, for instead 
of Loui, Napoleon, a large stuffed figure, with the head resting 
upon the pillow, was discovered iu the late captive's 
couch! 

We need not tell you of the alarm that was created, when 
it was found that Napoleon bad escaped. Soldiers were 
despatched in pursuit of the fugitive in every direction, but 
all endeavors to capture him were useless; for as we have said, 
he was far away by this time, and, ere many days, arrived safely 
in Eugland. The faithful doctor was not so fortunate, how- 
ever, for a severe punishment was inflicted upon him for his 
share in the flight. 

Within a few years Louis Napoleon gained flie object for 
which he had risked his life, and was in Is."):! made Emperor 
oP the French. Many of our readers are probably acquainted 
with the subsequent history and death of this Emoeror. 




TiiK following is said to be the origin of the term "Printer's 
Devil:" 

When Aldus Manutins set up in business as a printer, in 
Venice, he came into possession of a little ne^'ro boy. This 
boy was soon known alloverthe city as "the little black devil," 
for, at that time, negroes were not often seen in A'enice, and 
some of the most ignorant people believed him to be either 
an embodiment or an emissary of Satan, who aided Aldus in 
the work of his profession. One day Manutius, desiring to 
dispel this strange and spreading opinion, displayed this young 
imp publicly to the poorer cla.s.ses, making this short but 
characteristic speech: "Be it known toynu, and to all Venice, 
that I, Aldus Manutius, printer to the Holy Chunh and the 
Dose, have this day m:idc exposure to all of the printer's 
devil. And if any think he is not like ns, flesh and blood, 
they may come and pinch him, and they will find that though 
he is black, he is human." 



iogra^hg. 






ornE 



{Continued.) 



MANY of the events connected with the preaching of the 
Elders in England are not strictly within the limits which 
we had assigned for this biography, still they are so interest- 
ing and instructive that we can not forbear menrioning them. 
Directly after the brethren commenced their labors in Preston, 
Satan began to rage and manifest his hatred towards them. 
Elder Russel had been appointed to preach on Sundaj , in the 
Marketplace. Early in the morning of that day he came to 
the bedside of Brothers Kimball and Hyde and besought them 
to rise and pray for him. He was .so tormented with evil spirits 
that he felt he could not live long unless he should obtain relief. 
While engaged in administering to him. President Kimball was 
struck senseless by some invisible power, and fell to the floor. 
The two brethren prayed in his behalf, and while thus engaged, 
he regained his senses. They laid liim on the bed; but his dis- 
tress was so great that he could not remain there; he fell on 
his knees and began to pray. The Lord released him from the 
power of the enemy, and he aro.se and sat on the bed, and the 
Lord opened his eyes that he could see the foul spirits which 
afflict the children of men. The horror and malignity seen 
upon the faces ot those evil spirits, as tney foamed and gnashed 
their teeth upon the brethren, never could be forgotten by those 
who saw them. By witnessing and experiencing these things, 
they learned the power of the adversary and his enmity against 
the servants of the Lord, and obtained .some understanding of 
the invisible world. Satan saw that his kingdom was in dan- 
ger, and he exerted his power against the servants of theLord. 
Had the Lord permitted, he would, doubtle*i8, have destroy ed 
the brethren. 

During this same day President Kimball attended to bapiz- 
ing nine persons — being the first persons bapized in Europe 
in this dispensation, George D. Watt being the first 
individual among them who went down into the water. Sister 
Jennetta Richards, who afterwards became the wife or Presi- 
dent Willard Richards, was tha first person confirmed into the 
Church, in England After laboring diligently, ,and with great 
success, until April 20th, 18.J8, Brothers Kimball and Hyde 
sailed from England to New York, and reached Kirtland on 
May 21st, 1838. 

We now return to the events which occurred in Kirtland. 
Our little readers will recollect that there was a very bitter 
feeling there among many who profes.sed to be members of the 
Church. The spirit of apostasy prevailed to a very wide extent. 
Men who ought to have been the warmest friends of Joseph, 
plotted against him, and, to gratify- their hatred, they would 
gladly have .sacrificed him. On the 27 till of .July, 1837, accom- 
panied by Sidney Rigdon and Thomas B. Marsh, Joseph left 
Kirtland to visit the Saints in Canada. President Brigham 
Young also started in company with the prophet, he having been 
appointed on a mi.ssion to the Eastern States. Bro. Brigham 
Young had for a companion Bro. A. P. Rockwood, who was on 
his way home to Massachu,setts. He had vistcd Kirtland for 
the purpo.se of learning the truth, and had been baptized two 







TTJ^EZtTILE i:N"STI2;TJOa?OI?/. 



93 




days previous to his starting homeward. When they reached 
Painesville, they were detained all day by their enemies getting 
up vexatious lawsuits. At last, when the sun was about set- 
ting, they supposed they were free, and Joseph got into the 
carriage to return home to Kirtland. But, as he did so, the 
sheriff jumped into the carriage, seized the reins and served 
another writ upon him. Several months previously a man had 
brought a new-fashioned cooking stove to Kirtland. He was 
anxious to get sale for his stoves, and he prevailed on Joseph 
to let this one be put in his kitchen that the people might see 
It tested. It was for the payment of the cost of this stove that 
Joseph was now arrested. The man who had brought the 
stove to his house thought it was a good time to get pay, and 
had sworn out the writ against him. Joseph gave his watch 
to the officer for security, and then they all returned home. 

You can imagine, children, how atinoying such things must 
have been to Joseph; but his enemies constantly harrassed him 
in this way. They made him wade through persecutions of 
this kind from the time that he commenced declaring the truth 
until his death. He had no rest from thejr attacks. Yet, 
withal, he was a happy man, and rejoiced contiuuallv in the 
truth. He did not sorrow or mourn because he was called to 
pass through the same tribulation that his master Jesus endured 
when He was on the earth. The Lord gave him strength just 
as He will give you, children, if you put your trust in Him. 

The evening of the next day he and the brethren started 
again on their journey, and traveled all nitrht to Ashtabula, a 
town on the shore of Lake Krie. Here they took a deck pas- 
sage oa a steamer to Buffalo. Those were days of poverty, and 
the Elders in traveling were glad to obtain any kind of convey 
anc«. They did not have money to pay for cabin passages and 
the best accommodations as many of the Eldere have now. 
Great changes have oceuiTcd since those days. The Saints 
have wonderfully increased in wealth, and they can spend hun- 
dreds and thousands of dollars easier now than they could one 
dollar then. The night the brethren were on the steamer they 
laid down on the upper deck of the boat, and for pillows some 
took their boots and others their vali.ses; but they slept sweetly 
and comfortably; they were at peace with (rod, and His angels 
watched over them. If the captain of that steamer could only 
have seen them in their true light, he would have felt more 
honored than if the greatest kings or emperors on earth had 
been on board his vessel, and his best accommodations would 
have b?en pressed upon them. The n^xt morning they arrived 
at Buffalo. Here they separated, Brother Joseph, Sidney 
lligdon and Thomas B. Mar.sh going to Toronto, Upper Can- 
ada, and Brothers Brigham and A. P. Koekwood going to the 
Eastern States. 

Remaining in Canada some weeks, Joseph enjoyed himself 
very much. The Saints gladly welcomed him and his compan- 
ions, and treated them with greit hospitality and kindness. 
Their faith was strong in the gospel, and they listened to his 
teachings with delight. He visited the various branches of thfi 
Church there — accompanied by Elder John Taylor, who had 
been baptized in Can id ', and was then pre. sidng there — prea -h- 
ing to, baptizing and blessing the people who would listen to 
him and his brethren. About the last of August he returned 
to Kirtland. 

To he Continued. 




Kkason refjuires culture to expand it. It resembles the 
fire concealed in the flint, which only shows itself when struck 
with the .steel. 



\]m^tx foti i\xt Ififtle ^mn. 



LETTER FROM "LULA. 



Dear Little Boys and Gikls — 

You who have on-ly learned 
to read short and ea-sy words: I have 
some-thing to tell you, which I am sure 
will please you all. 

Ma-ny of you do not know yet how nice 
it is to get a kind let-ter from some one 
who loves you ver-y much. But I can tell 
you that it is one of the best things in the 
world to get a good let-ter from good 
friends. Tou have friends in your Sun- 
day School teachers who love you, and 
proy for you, and try to find ways in which 
to bless you. Some of these friends have 
late-ly been talk-ing a-bout you, and they 
are go-ing to write vou some little let-ters 
that you can read for your-selves. This is 
be-cause they love you. and wxmX to help 
you to be hap-py, and to learn to be good 
and wise. 

The lit-tle let-ters will be put in-to the 
Ju-VE-xiLE Lv-STRUCT-OR, SO that VOU cau 
all have them. You must take your i)a- 
pers to Sun-day School, un-less you get 
them there, and read your let-ters to your 
teach-ers. 

Broth-er George Q. Can-noii and lirotli- 
er George God-dard. who are at the liead 
of all the Sun-day Schools in our Cluuch, 
say that when we get a gtuid ina-ny let- 
ters writ-ten. lor you, the best oiu-s will lie 
tak-en, and a book nuide of tlu'iu. Tliis 
will be a school book for you and vonr ba- 
by broth-ers and sis-ters. w ho will mkim be 
old e-nough to read it. 

The let-ters will be like sto-ncs. but 
they will all be true. Your fat h-ers and 
moth-ers and all your friends are in-vit-ed 
to write to vou in this wav. 





94. 



JU^EIsriljIEJ i:ifTSTI^-DOTOI^. 




SII?. HC O T S 1= TJ IE?, cook:. 



OXK day roiiiarketi Sir Uot.-pur Conk 

To his wife my L>idy Hi'ii, 
'■I'm goina: out to-day, my dear, 

And shan't be back till ten: 
So pray don't k'-ep the dinner hot, 

As 1 think that 1 shall dine 
With L..rd and Lady Waddle Duek- 

Tha s if ihu \v-ather's tino.'' 










Tin; PEPARTl'RE. 
Sir [I.it-|i:ir then e;u;.)^a'".ed In- \vi:e. 

And ^li iiiA hi.^ ("imb so red 
And said, '".My di-ur, when 1 eonu' baek 

I snpoii-e you'll be in b^d.' 
''.\Iy ilearesl i-ivt-," his wife replied, 

■'[ advi-e yiui nnt to go. 
For it looks lu me a- tho' t' would be 

A ihunder-itorui d' you know." 



'1 


■^?-^i^- 


'^^^ 


k-^^ 


~^. ■' .V- 






^ 











m 








^^^^- 



e.c-^ 



TiiK Kjrrciix 

■'Dmi't talk .-iich stuti!" hi'r spouse rcjilied. 

And walked clllt^ide the doo', 
IJI^lit down the lane, and through a Held, 

yuiti- half a mile and more; 
But ere he reached the next farmyard, 

Whilst far from any shelter. 
The lightuin; llasliel, the tluin ler ro.-ired, 

The rain fell helter-skelter. 

Sir Cock now tr;mbled much, and ran 

Oir home with nil his might. 
And as he tlrd, he humbly said, 

".^^y wife, I see, was righJ.' 



My story's told. He got a cold; 

His wife put him to bed; 
And ever after that sad day 

A henpecked life he led. 



TO HIIILiO- 



BV R. li. L. 



PERHAPS the readers of the Insthii tor would like to 
take a •■^hort trip liy sea for the purpose of .sight- seeing. 
If j'ou will consent, I will take von on an imaginary voj-age 
with me on the steamer Kiluiier, fioui Honolulu to Hilo. But 
let me here .■■ay. that though it will he an iuiagnnvy voyage to 
you. it is a real one to me. 

We se.-ure cabin jiassage. aiul. of course, arc >iipplieJ with 
umbrellas, glasses, etc. At four o'clock we set sail, or rather 
steam out of Honolulu harbor; and we are off for the land of 
the great volcano. As we leave the whaif we say "aloha" 
to our friends who are there to see us off. 

How beautiful tho sea looksl Such a grand blue, with here 
and there a patch of green. Ah! and there is the coral reef 
to be seen, over wh'cb the great breakers roil with a tremen- 
dous roar, sending tlie while foam and spray flying in the air. 

And see. there is a large sliiii right over our weather bow. 
Where is it going, I wonder'.' Hark ! what is that the captain 
is sayini':' ''.Steamer Kilauca^ bound for Hilo and inter- 
mediate points. " There, the oiher captain is answering. I 
lost the name, but he says, "bound to I'ortland. Oregon," 
and we mentally ejaculate "Flouieward bound." 

Oh! what is that'.' A .-mall schooner, not much lariier than 
a row boat to look at, as it tos.ses in the heavy sea. and looks as 
though the big waves would go over her. It luiikes a person 
almost sea-sick to look at her. \Vhat schooner is that? we 
ask: and they say, "the K<ij)/<Jiii:c, bound for Laie, for 
'.Mormon' sugar." We feel no desire to sail ou her, though 
bound for a pleasant place. 

Just look at Honolulu now : Ibiw prdty it looks, clothed 
in green, with its chur.h spires pointing heavenward! It 
does appear as though more purity .-houid reigu where theie 
is sueh an array of chur^dily editice.-; but the good old book 
says: "Woe unto them thut wander after strange gods." 

What a nice view we are getting, as we look U|i Nuuaiiu 
^'alley and .see the clouds are hanging over the "pali! ' It is 
raining ou some poor traveler there, ."^ee that large grove of 
eoeoanut trees along the beach ! lliiv co.sey those cottages 
look clu-tcred in their midst, and what a nice background to 
the picture the green hills make! What is that object on 
the top of that hili'r' Oh ! that is the signal station, and there 
goes the flag up, and we are off just in time to miss the 
steamer from the coast. See, there is a flag also out on that 
point! Yc; that is Diamond I'oint, an old, extinct crater, 
eighteen hundred feet high. 

What is that you say; feel diz/.y? Oh, I guess that is all 
imagination, as the water is smooth and the air balmy. Will 
you have a mattress on d.ck'.' If so. I will call the steward 
and have one brought. What, sick ! you don't mean to say 
so! wait a moment and T will get — oh! dear, tliat is too bad I 
Do you feel very bad'' If so. you had belter sleep on deck, 
as there is no sign of rain, and we shall have a waim night. 
You will fee! better now, and will be able to view the waters 
and the distant land by twilight. .Sleepy, are you; then rest, 
as there will not be much to be .'cen until u.orning. 



fa&: 





crTJ^E]nsriLE! ihststi^tjctoi^ 



95 





Come, it is breaking day. What land is that? That is the 
island of Molokai, and on the other side is the noted leper 
hospital, where so many of the native race are eontinually 
being taken. How Sorry I am that we have not a nearer 
view of it. Here is another island to the norih-west, what is 
it called? That is the island of Linai, it is now said that 
twenty-five thousand sheep are there pastured. A large tract 
of land on that island w.is purchased by the native members 
of the Church of Jesus Chrl.st of Litter day Saints, but they 
were robbed of it by a wolf in sheep's clothing, who cnme 
among them by the name of W. M. Gibson; and what i- a 
greater shame, the courts of this country have never punished 
him for his wicked imposition upon and robbery of a poor, 
ignorant and trusting people. 

There is the bell; let us go and have some breakfast — what! 
don't want breakfast! You hal better try a lit 1^. Oh! still 
sick, are you! Well, you may view the island of il mi that 
we are now aujiroaching. Tt.ere is the whittle for Liliiini. 
the second cify of the Hawaiian kingdom; and h^re comes the 
boats from shore; now wj w.ll hear somi iia -er Jargon from 
the boat men, a mixture, half H iwaiiau an 1 half K.igli^h, as 
they deride one another's boats, and each tries to sec. ire the 
patronage of the passengers for his own. Lihaina is iiuite a 
town, and was of coa-iderable more iiuporfauco in years ;ia-t 
than at the present. Here the first Litter d.iy Saiii' mis-iin- 
aries to the iSandwich Llauds made their home while >'u ly ng 
the Hawaiian lansuage. Their names were G.;o. Q. {'ami n, 
Jas. Keeler, H. W. Rigler and Wdlia^u F.irrer. Tli ■ areaicr 
portion of the town is iio.v turned into a cane field for the 
Lahaina .Suzar Works. Lihai'ia is tha se.it of gi veniui nf 
for the Islands of Mini, M )l(>ka; and Lmai, aiil heie is 
situatjd the government high sjhool. It isedled 'Lihaina 
Luna" (Unpar Lihaina), and its graduates aie known as 
"Lihaina Lunas." Here are several pubiic build ng-s besides 
the high school— two churche--. one ("atliolic and the other 
Presbyterian, a government building wliieli is used as custom 
house, post office and court house. 

Ah! there goes the whistle, and we are off liir ■•.Mauele;" 
but we must take another look at LahMina and the I'lre hilk 
and mountains back of her. How dry and barren they look! 
and what is that serpent-like tr.iil that leads over the hil .s? 
That is the road that goes across the mountain; and up there, 
on that ridge, among those rocks, is wlTere Brother A. L. 
Smith had hi- arm broken by a wild cow, in 18.')C>, while 
cros.sing there on foot as a messenger of lile to a benighted 
people. 

Here we are at Manele. and discharging freight and passen- 
gers. There is "Haleakala" (Hou-e of the Sun) aero >s the 
bay to the east, a mountain rising 10,4i)i) fee above the sea 
level, and containing the largest e.xtinct crater in the world. 
It is said to he thirty miles in circumference on thi; top. 

Off again for Mak^na! What a beautiful place tla^ is up 
on the mountain side! That is called 'Rose Kauche;" and 
there are the Ulapalakua Sugar >Iiils. Here we go again, 
direct for Hawaii. We can already see the snow glistening on 
the to|)s ot its mountains. That highest mountain you .see 
with the nio.st snow on is "M lunakea," and the next in hight 
is "Mannaloa," and is a volcano, but is not as large or actiec 
as "Kilauea," which is out of sight at the present. What is 
that which looks so blaek astern of the vessel, and extends 
from the side of ••Haleakala" to the sea? Oh, 'hat is lava. 
and that is where the stream ran down to the sea; and those 
green patches are prickly iiears, growing apparently out of 
lie rock, as there is very little or no soil for tlieui to grow in. 



Ah! weary, are you? then lie down and take a rest; as we 
may have rough seas in crossing the channel to Hawaii. 
Thi)^ty miles to the nearest point! Why, we did not take it 
to be near so far! Do we stop here'. Yes; this is "Kamai- 
hai," and a dreary looking place; nothing but dry, barren 
hills to be seen, and a warehouse and store, with a few .scat- 
tering houses along the beach. 

She is off again, and that is the "Kohala" district. It is 
a dreary pros|)ect to look at i'rom here, but there are houses 
to be seen a long wav inland; but as it is getting dark and the 
wind blows cold off the land, we had better go down in the 
cabin. 

Just breaking day; we are outside of Ililo bay, and down 
comes the rain ! Under the shelter of our umbrellas, we may 
view Hilo as we enter the harbor. It is the most important 
town on Hawaii, and contains four churches, besides other 
conspicuous buildings, There is the great active volcano, 
Kilauea, off to the snutli, and had we been awake before day, 
We could have seen the li^ht from the crater. Well, here we 
a:e in IIilo, with a lio.-t ol Kuiakas rushing to convey our 
luggage to our ,-toppiijg id ice tor twenty five cents, but when 
they hear that we are " .M iniiun" n.i-smnaries, without purse 
or scrip, they lo^e iheir zial aijd we iiuietly take our leisure. 
Ugh! how the lain cume> down! \Vc wdl not slop to see any 
more at the |)re.-ent, but .-eek -i shelter, and at some future 
t me we may take another look at the grand eights of Hawaii. 



Two painters were eui|iloyed to fresco the walls of a magni- 
ficent cathedral; both stood una rude scaffolding constructed 
lor the purpose, some eighty feet Irom the floor. One of 
ihem was so intent u[ion his work that he became absorbed, 
and in admiraiioii stood off troiu the picture, gazing at it with 
delight. Forgetting where; he was, he moved backward slowly, 
surveying critically the work ot liis pencil, until he had neared 
the end of the plank upon .vhich he stood. At this critical 
moment his companion turned suddenly, and, almost frozen 
with horror, beheld his imminent peril, another instant and 
the euthu>iast would be precipitated upon the pavement 
beneate. If he spoke to him it was ijertain death— if he held 
his peace death was equally sure. Suddenly he regained his 
presence of miud, and seizing a wet brush, flung it against the 
wall, spattering the beautitul picture with unsightly blotches 
of coloring. The painter flew Jorward, and turned upon his 
I'riend wiili fierce imprecation-; but, startled with his ghastly 
face, he listeued to his recital of the danger, looked suddenly 
over the dread space below, and with tears of gratitude bles.scd 
the hand that saved him. So we i-ometimes get absorbed i a 
kok ng ujjon the pictures of the world, and, in contemplating 
them, st'.'p back unconscious of our peril, when the Almighty 
dashes out the beautiful images, ami we spring forward lo 
lament their destruction— into the outstretched arms of mercy, 
and are saved. 



Is Publislicd in Salt Lake Oily, Utah Territory, 

ON THE K1R.ST i KltTEKNTU OF EVKKY .MONTH. 
' 3£OROE Q. CANNON. _- - - - " EDITOR. 

TERMS IN AUVAiNUE 
Sinffie VojJi/, per Annum - - *2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Teo 
Cents per year additional will bo charged for I'ostage. 

^^-Ot&cii, South Templo Street, one block weal of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Ulih, 





cru'^rEnsriLEi ihststiE/Tjotoi^/. 




TSIE ''n^EOi^l^OIN-" Ij^A^ID 



( Tune: "Hark, the Brum.") 



WoRD.-s Bv H. W. Naisbitt. 
Aloderato: 



Music btIA. Nash, Arranged by E. Beesley. 



i? 



:1^:^= 



:^*= 



E 



ia= 



1 The 
•J The 
3 What 



--J-—[~ 



=S=1 






:q- 



Saints yet gather from the 
long and tiresome trio was 
joy can tell, the swell ing 



lands, With 

o'er, The 

heart; The 



=1^=^ 



~^~w~ — • — " 

hearts in spired with ho - ly 
hoy was missed, the home was 
meet-ing by the crowd-ed 



:t 



joy. And 
sad; Al - 
car. The 



fej 



:^- 




many a pic - ture can be seen, (Fond pa-rents 

though to Zi - on he had fled, They sad - ly 

glist'uing eye, the tond em - brace, Tho' but a 



bend- ins o'er their boy!)"My place in TT - tab is, I 
mi-is'd their dar -ling lad; But soon the cheeiang summons 
year has pass'd a - far; And as with pride the stripling 



iE^l^^E^SzlE^ 












=ci±z*- 



::=Ii 



z^z=mi 



-^ 



m 



know, The Zi - on of the lat-ter day,And tho' I leave you moth-er dear, 

came: "Our God hath blest my la-bor here And, joy! I hope to see you both 

leads The best friends God e'er gave on earth, The lit- tie cot-tage greets them all 



And fath - er, too; I must o - 
Be - fore I end the clos - ing 
The home which love hath giv - en 



bey. Yet soon I hope by in - dus - try To aid 

year!" A - non it comes, and read - y now. The "old 
birth A lit - tie heav'n. and faith-ful hearts Are kneel 



you both from 
folks" dare the 
its 



ing 



on 



Bab'lon's 
ocean's 
humble 



shore. And 
roar, To 
floor; We 



^e 



-*- -»- 

when in 
meet their 
o'er this 



U-tah's 

faith-ful 

scene the 



=fs= 



val - leys 
lad, and 
cur - tain 



_te — ^. 



:(=: 



-^- 



we shall meet, 
proud ly stand 
draw-ing here. 



a — ** — I— 

^ =1^ — ^v- 



— I it — 1^ — ^- 



Our God we'll praise — h\ir - rah 'tis o'er. 

In Zi - on soon — hur - rah 'tis o'er! 

Sing, "all is well" — hur - rah 'tis o'er! 




Z3. ^ Z^^"3~*=' 









The trumpet sounds, the trumpet sounds: Don't you hear the priest-hood call-iug? The gospel sounds, the gospel 
The trumpet sounds,the trumpet sounds;Don't you hear the priest-hood calling? The gospel sounds, the gospel 
The trumpet sounds, the trumpet sounds;'Tis call - inir for my friends, my kin, The gospel sounds, the gospel 






-^ 



-I <^ 






=t=t2^-<— >i:» 




;i^_zi:J5: 



B-g«.— 






sounds, I now must leave, my time has come; The trumpet sounds, tho trumpet sounds.! must now leave, my time has 
sounds, You too must lea ve,j'our time has come; The trumpet sounds, the trumpet sounds, You too mu^tleave,yourtime has 
sounds, So come a - long, forsake your sin; The trumpet sounds, the trumpet sounds, Its well-known voice, the goal is 




Z^l 



z^^z 



i^: 



"1*=::?: 



S=S: 



:r. 





^"-^ 






■M—^'—m- 



5iE3= 



come. So bless me now, come, bless me now, I must a - way — hur - rah, 'tis done! 

come. We bless you now, we bless you now, So you're a - way — hur - rah, 'tis done! 

won, A'ic-t'ry, vie- fry, a - gain a-chiev'd, Hur-rah, 'tis done, hur - rah, 'tis done! 





H^zz^- 



-I bf- 



5:=£ 



-■^•-- 




