
JOSHUA .A. IsT 3D T ZE3I IE GIBEOITITBS. 



AFTER Joshua, the leader of Israel, had crossed the Jordan 
with his hosts and had captured the cities of Jericho and 
Ai, the kings of the nations on that side of the river united 
themselves together to fight with him and his people. They 
had heard of Joshua's victories, and they feared him. By 
gathering themselves together they thought they might check 
him in his victorious march. The land was filled with petty 
nations, and each one had its king or leader. It is probable 



put old sacks on their animals, and their wine bottles, which 
were made of leather in those days, were old and rent and 
bound up; and they took dry and mouldy bread for their pro- 
vision, and made themselves, and every thing they had, appear 
as if they had traveled a great distance. As we see them in 
the engraving, they came to Joshua and to the men of Israel, 
and said that they had come from a distant country, and they 
wanted them to make a league with them; that is, make a 




that the presence of such a foe as Israel was, frightened them 
seriously. They, for the time being, forgot their divisions and 
jealousies, and united together to preserve themselves and 
their cities and lands from the destruction with which they 
were threatened by the children of Israel. 

There was a people who were called (Jibeonitos, after (Jiheon, 
their chief' cily, who thought they would not unite with their 
neighbors in fighting Israel; but would try another plan. They 
resorted to cunning to gain their end. They dressed themselves 
in oil clothes, and put old, worn-out shoes on their feet, and 



COntnet or combination with them to bo their friends. This is 
often done between nations in these days. During the Revolu- 
tionary war, when the colonies woi" fighting with Great Britain 
for independence, Franco was in league with us; she was our 
ally. The Gibeonites wanted to obtain an alliance with Israel 

The first question which the men of Israel asked of these 
Gibeonites was: "Peradventnre ye dwell among us; and how 
shall we make league with you?" 

Now, while Moses was yet living, the Lord had told the 
children of Israel, through that prophet, that he would deliver 



ivtez'-- 



f&&$ 





CTTJ^TEISriLE 



% 



*o 



FSTPuTJCTOB 



'<C* 



(^ 



all the inhabitants of Canaan into their hands. They were 
commanded to smite them and utterly destroy them, and were 
expressly forbidden to make a covenant with them or to show 
mercy to them. (Exodus 23 chap., 30-32 verses, and Deuter- 
onomy 7 chap , 1-2 verses. ) All these nations were very wicked. 
They worshiped idols, and God was angry with them. He 
wanted the land for the children of his servant Abraham; for 
He had promised it unto him and his children after him. He 
had chosen them to be His people, because of the love that 
He had for their fathers. Yet He knew that if they were 
permitted to mingle with all those nations, they would soon 
fall into idolatry, and He would have to destroy them. They 
were, therefore, commanded to destroy all those nations, and 
take possession of the land themselves. 

Knowing what the Lord had said about not making covenant 
with those nations, the men of Israel were particular about 
asking them who they were. Joshua, himself, was very par- 
ticular. "Who are ye? and from whence come ye?" he asked. 
They replied that they came from a very far country, because 
of the name of the Lord, Joshua's God. They had heard of 
His fame and all that He did in Egypt, and to the kings since 
Israel had left Egypt. ''Wherefore," said they, "our elders, 
and all the inhabitants of our country spake to us, saying, Take 
victuals with you for the journey, and go to meet them, and 
say unto them, We are your servants: therefore now make ye 
a league with us: this our bread we took hot for our provision 
out of our houses on the day we came forth to go unto you; 
but now, behold, it is dry, an 1 it is mouldy: and these bottles 
of wine which we filled, were new, and behold they be rent: 
and these our garments and our shoes are become old by reason 
of the very long journey." 

This was a very cunning triek, wa< it not? The men of 
Israel were completely deceived by them. They never stopped 
to ask counsel at the mouth of the Lord; but believed the 
crafty tale which the Gibeonites told them. "Joshua made 
peace with them, and made a league with them to let them 
live; and the princes of the congregation sware unto them." 
About three days after they had done this, the men of 
Israel learned that they were their neighbors. They were 
journeying, and they came to their cities on the third day. It 
is likely, from the reading of the history, that the children of 
Israel wanted to destroy them as they had done the other 
nations whom they had met; but the princes of the congrega- 
tion told them that they had sworn unto them by the Lord 
God of Israel, and they ought not to be touched. On this 
account they w re spared. 

Joshua asked them why they had deceived them, by telling 
them the story they did. They answered they had been told 
the Lord, his God, bad commanded His servant Moses to 
give them all the land, and to destroy all the inhabitants of 
the land from before them, therefore, they were sore afraid of 
their lives, and they had dune this thing. Hut, they added, 
they were in Joshua's hand; he could do with them as he 
pleased. Joshua spared their lives, but made slaves, or bond- 
men of them. They became hewers of wood and drawers of 
water in the midst of Israel. 

These Gibeonites. it seems, were mighty men. The city of 
Gibeon was a royal city, ami a greater city than Ai, which 
Joshua had destroyed. When the neighboring kim.'s heard, 
therefore, that the people of Gibeon had made peace with 
Israel and were with them, they began to be afraid. Tbej 
combined together and made war against Gibeon. The people 
of the city sent right oft' for Joshua to come ami help them. 
He did ml and the ki;:L-- were all captured and slain and hung 
on trees, their armies were all destroyed, and their country was 
taken possession of by Joshua and the children of Israel. 



There was a singular circumstance afterwards occurred with 
these Gibeonites. In the days of King David there was a 
three years' famine, one year after another. I>avid inquired of 
the Lord why it was. And the Lord answered "It is for Saul, 
and for his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites." It 
appears that when Saul was king, he was seized with a great 
zeal to kill off these Gibeonites, because they were children of 
the old inhabitants of the land. He bad no regard to the oath 
which the children of Israel had made unto them in the days 
of Joshua. When David got the word of the Lord, he said 
to the Gibeonites: "What shall I do for you? and wherewith 
shall I make atonement, that ye may bless the inheritance of 
the Lord?" The Gibeonites told him they would have no silver 
nor gold of Saul, nor of his house, and they did not want him 
to kill any man in Israel for them; but they said they wanted 
seven men of the sons of Saul, who had consumed them and 
sought to destroy them, to be delivered to them, and they 
would hang them. David gave them the seven men of Saul's 
family, and they hung them all together. This act, it seems, 
was an atonement, and after that, God was entreated for the 
'and. 



<Etcmi$fr|t in -jlummou i^itttjs. 



& 



W 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

"W .A. T IE IR, . 



V\J II EX we buy a bushel of potatoes weighing sixty pounds, 
11 we pay for forty-four pounds of a fluid which we can 
obtain from every creek for nothing. The wood which we use 
for fuel has one third of the same article in its composition; 
and, as to the quantity paid for by those who drink beer as a 
beverage, it would be difficult to calculate — nine-tenths at least 
of the entire quantity used. There are indeed few things into 
the composition of which this article does not enter — all living 
beings, animal and vegetable — many of the hardest rocks, 
even the dried substances, contain it; the air we bieathe is 
laden with it, and four-fifths of the globe we inhabit is covered 
by water. 

Beautiful water! The very look of the multitude of tiny 
rivulets meeting us at every turn in our lovely city is as inspir- 
ing as thy cooling draught is refreshing! 

When it is remembered that five-sevenths of our bodies is 
water, it is not wonderful that it enters so largely into the com- 
position of our food. A man weighing 147 pounds, would 
have diffused through the various tissues of which lie is com- 
posed 105 pounds of water; and all the food which he uses 
must become soluble in that fluid before it can be assimilated 
to the blood. Not that all substances we eat would dissolve if 
placed in water, but they can be dissolved in the body, and 
chemistry informs us bow this is done 

Water is, itself, an interesting study. It is a compound, 
and, strange as it may appear, it is composed of invisible 
elements. We must not suppose when we see steam arising 
from water that we see it in its simplest form. By no means; 
it is unaltered in its nature. If we hold a cold vessel over the 
steam, it is condensed, and i- again what we call water. To 
separate the water into its elements is. among other things, 
one of the departments of what is called analytical chemistry, 
which means the science of separating the parts, or elements 
of things, from each other. 

It is not to enter into chemical details, so much as to show 



5^fe& 




Vol, 3 



A^o ■ /3 ... 



ITSTBUCTOE/ 



rfj 



the application of some principles relating to common things, 
that is intended in writing a series of articles which may enable 
the juvenile student to see the beauty and utility of the science 
of chemistry. 

In many respects water may be called food, for not only the 
blood, the brain, the lungs, the heart and the nerves, which 
are much like the brain in composition, contain a large propor- 
tion of water; but it forms the larger part of the flesh. Plants 
also are principally composed of that fluid. Indeed, there is a 
close resemblance in the nature of plants and animals in respect 
to their water-drinking propensities, with this difference: the 
plants reject every thing contained in the water which is not 
necessary to build up their tissues. This they are enabled to 
do when imbibing through their roots, which are of the 
same use as the mouths of animals. It may, perhaps, be inter- 
esting in proceeding, to show how the young student may 
prove that water is a compound. If a piece of potassium is pro- 
cured from a chemist, a small piece may be cut off with a 
knife for the purpose of experimenting. This may be thrown 
into water, contained in a tea-cup for instance, it will appear 
to take fire! It is not so. The metal potassium decomposes the 
water; that is, it separates the gases of which the water is 
composed. One of those gases is called hydrogen, which 
means ''water former." It is an inflammable gas, and it is 
this which takes fire. The other gas unites itself chemically 
with the metal potassium, and dissolves in the remaining 
water, forming a solution of potash, or caustic lye. This gas, 
which unites so readily with potassium, is called oxygen, which 
means "acid former;" and when atmospheric air is treated on, 
its nature will be more dwelt upon. 

Many years ago the people who inhabited Ireland, an island 
belonging to Great Britain, used potatoes principally for food. 
We have seen how large a proportion of water is contained in 
that useful root. After a time disease destioyed the potatoes 
and a famine ensued. England, and even America sent large 
quantities of other kinds of food— flour, corn meal, rice, etc. 
Very soon it was found that more water was required to drink, 
and tea, coffee, etc., became articles of use among them. 
Very likely these people thought the water better by having 
the tea and coffee infused in it; the chemistry of common 
things will by and by enable us to prove to the contrary. 

The action of water in our food is very important; in the 
same way that the nourishment of plants is carried into the 
sap, so is that which our bodies require carried into the blood. 
It is in this sense that it is called a vehicle; a word which it is 
convenient to remember, as signifying "a means of convey- 
ance." To enable water to dissolve that food which is 
not soluble in water alone, chemical means arc resorted to. 
Bread, for instance, which contains starch, etc., and which 
would not dissolve in water; in eating is changed by the fluids 
of the mouth into sugar, which is soluble. Meat, fat, oil, etc., 
to prepare them for digestion, are mixed with an alkaline fluid, 
supplied by certain organs of the body. We are all of us 
familiar with something analogous to this process in soap mak- 
ing—fat is dissolved by water containing alkali, as concentrated 
lye, etc. 

Water, then, is a compound of hydrogen and oxygen. Some 
kinds contain minerals, like the lint springs. Creek water, 
when clear, is the best to drink, for well water is often impure. 
This is not so much the case here as in densely crowded cities, 
where the drainage frequently poisons the water. Here, water 
is contaminated by leaves and sometimes animal matter falling 
into it. This generally arises from carelessness. Sometimes 
washing-tubs may be seen soaking in wells. This is wrong. 
Where water is in motion no harm would be done; but in 
stagnant water any impurities are dissolved, and small animal 
life is generated. Hideous looking creatures may be seen by 




the microscope, frightful in proportion to the impurity of the 
water; a fit type of man's depravity, too frequently, when 
surrounded by moral pollutions! It is not the life contained 
in water that injures the stomach so much as the dead and 
decaying matter. This ferments in the body and more or less 
poisons the blood. Lime, magnesia, iron, etc., are also found 
in well-water. These do little injury compared with organic 
matter; that is, matter which once had life. Water should be 
kept in clean vessels; neither brass nor lead should be used; 
and it should be used as nearly as possible as it comes from 
the hand of its beneficent Creator. Betii. 



.A. IB O TJ T !R, I ^7" IE IR, S . 



EVERY one of you must love the lessons in your geogra- 
phies that tell about rivers. There is something very 
pleasing in the study of the river-sources, their courses, and 
their flowings-on forever toward the great ocean. 

In our own country we have the longest river in the world — 
the Mississippi, sometimes called, "The Father of Waters." 
Then there is the great, wide, muddy Missouri, flowing down 
from the Indian countries of the North-west. I have no 
doubt but some of the head-waters of the Missouri are clear 
and placid, and wind along the grandest valleys, and among 
the most magnificent forests. Here and there, upon the 
shores of the many branches, there are little Indian villages, 
and plenty of young Indians who spend their summers in 
fishing, while you are going to school. 

Then we have the Ohio, t>r the "Beautiful River," flowing 
through one of the richest portions of the continent. Splendid 
steamboats may be seen on all these rivers, bearing passengers 
and goods from one city to another. 

The Cumberland and Tennessee rivers, flowing into the Ohio 
within twelve miles of each other, and running in almost 
parallel directions for such a long distance, are certainly worthy 
of special notice. Then there is the Hudson, which has its 
source in the mountains of New York, and after passing 
through some of the finest scenery on this continent, discharges 
its waters into Long Island Sound, not far from the city of 
New York. 

But the St. Lawrence is the most remarkable river in 
America. You have heard of its thousand islands and its 
picturesque shores. In the summer of 1N">9 I passed down 
this river as far as Montreal. I remember its many beautiful 
islands, some of them overgrown with willows, and others covered 
with mossy rocks. 

But when we came to the "Rapids," down toward the Ottawa; 
our interest deepened into excitement. For it was really 
sublime, to be on a vessel, that darted like an arrow between 
the rocks and splashed the big, white drops of water to the 
hurricane deck, completely ducking some of the passengers. 
Very strong and skillful pilots are employed to guide the 
steamers over these dangerous rapids. In ascending the river 
the boats pass through a canal and locks, as it is impossible for 
the strongest engine to stem the current. 

Please get your atlas and sec the course of this river. You 
will find that it i.s the only outlet to the great chain of lakes on 
our northern frontier, the waters of which it discharges into 
the Gulf of St. Lawrence, a part of the great Atlantic Ocean. 

Lillk Chief. 



Oipd'k promises are like the beams of the sun, which shine 
as freely in at the windows of a poor man's cottage, as of the 
lich man's palace. 



?3^ 





lOO 



J XT "V IE 1ST I ID IE 



&U 



I1TSTBUCTOR. 






Ii0 S.\xHniU imivuUv. 






GEORGE 



Q. CANNON, 

JULY 1, 18 68. 



EDITOR. 



EDITORIAL THIOTJCa-IITS. 




E presume that every child who reads the. 
Juvenile Instructor has known Presi 
dent Heber C. Kimball. If ail have] 
not known him personally, his name is 
well known to them, and they are aware[ 
that he was the First Counselor to Presi 
dent Brigham Young. President Heber] 
Chase Kimball has gone from our mid 
to the paradise of God. His spirit left hi:- 
JT $t5SN^>^ ^ l J °dy at 20 minutes to 1 1 o'clock in the 
/Vfrav>i , 44?~' morning of Monday, June 22nd. He was hon 
June 14th, 1801, and he lived 67 years and 8 
days. He was but a short time sick. He first 
complained of dizziness and of not being abli 
to use his right side on Wednesday, June 10th 
But he was at a mass meeting in the New Tabernacle 
that day. The next day also he walked down towr 
twice. On Friday, the 12th, he got up and dressed 
himself; but he had to go to bed again. Though it 
was hoped he was getting better, he continued to fail from 
that time until he passed away — ten days afterwards. 

Many people in the world are afraid of death. They think 
of it with terror. But it should not be a cause of dread to 
Latter-day Saints. And it is not. No true Saint is afraid tc 
die. The Saints know that God is their friend. When they 
pass from this life, they go home to Him. He has promised 
that they "shall not taste of death, for it shall be sweet untoi 
them." He smooths their pathway to the spirit world, and 
makes it a pleasant one for them to walk in; they can tread it 
without (ear. But He says, respecting them who die not in 
Him, "wo unto them, for their deatli is bitter." If those who| 
fear death had stood at the side of the bed on which President 
KlMBALL was lying when he was breathing his last, they 
would not have thought it a hard thing to die. His spirit 
passed away as gently as if he had been falling asleep. So 
calmly and peacefully he lay, that, for five minutes, those who 
stood around him were not certain whether he had gone oi 
not. To such as he death is sweet; but to the wicked it is 
bitter. 

There will be deep mourning among the Saints in this Terri- 
tory and throughout the world when they receive the sad new.- 
that Brother Heber has left us. They have looked upon hit 
as one of their fathers. His name has been so long and so well! 
known by every one who belongs to the Church, that it has! 
become a household word. In all the important movement; 
in the Church, almost from its organization, he has been 
one of the principal actors. He has always been true am 
faithful. When others have feared and trembled he has stood 
firm and undaunted. He loved God, loved the truth, was true 
to His cause, and never deserted his brethren. 

Children, President Kimball's life teaches you as well a 
your parents, an important lesson. In his case you see the 
results of a faithful, well spent life. He was a man of virtue 
and integrity. For his labors here he will receive a glorious 
reward. He will receive a crown of glory and immortality and 
be honored in the presence of his heavenly Father. ThiswillL, 
repay him a thousand times for the hardships and privationsB 



lie may have endured here. But how is it with the wicked 
|and the apostate? They have no real joy or satisfaction in this 
jlife. In their secret hearts they despise themselves, and they 
fore despised and distrusted by others. Their lives are miser- 
able; and, then, with what horror and dread do they look for- 
ward to the time of their death! In their sight death is a grim 
and terrible monster. They have no cheering promises of God 
to lean upon. The road before them, which leads to the spirit 
land, is dark and dismal; they have a foretaste of that which 
pwaits them, and they shrink back with affright. 

Y'ou are just commencing life. Start right. Select the true 
[path, and then pursue it with humility and perseverance, ask- 
ing God to help you. Be truthful, be virtuous, be honest. 
Live in such a manner that God will look upon you with favor 
and that all who know you will have confidence in you. Then, 
fif you should be called to leave this world, you can do so with- 
out fear. Y'our deaths will be sweet to you, and you will enter 
upon a life of glory, the greatness of which, no mortal man 
|can comprehend. If you exert yourselves, it will be easier for 
ou to do this, than to lead lives of wickedness. 



wore: 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

AIsTD PLAY. 



r 



T is an old saying: "All work and no play makes Jack a 

dull boy," This is quite true; it would never do for boys 

'and girls to have no play at all; they would be dull, stupid, 

[sleepy children indeed; but there is a time to play and a time 

to work, a time for study and a time for romping. The school 

house in school hours is not the place for play. By no means. 

jThat is the place, where children should strive to learn, so that 

when they grow up they may be useful. But some boys and 

iris will laugh and talk and play and be idle in school hours, 

never thinking of the wrong they are doing, acting as though 

their parents sent them there for fun, not that they may improve 

all things good and wise. What, do wrong by playing in 

chool? Y'es, though you may not think of it, children, you 

wrong your parents, your teachers and above all yourselves. 

Now let us see how lazy, careless, little people wrong their 
parents. That is easily told. Their parents pay from their 
hard earned means so that their little ones may be instructed. 
If children will not strive to learn, but are idle and disobedient; 
that means is all wasted, it is just as though it was all thrown 
away. Not only this, but it grieves their parents to think they 
have such foolish, thoughtless children. 

Next then, how does it wrong the teacher? Boys and girls, 
let us ask you, did you ever think how hard it is for a teacher 
to instruct an inattentive class? How he has to talk and talk, 
explain and explain the same tilings over and over again. How 
he has to toil and toil while the scholars arc paying no atten- 
Perhaps talking gibberish to each other, or drawing 
paeer men and crooked houses on their slates, or pinching 
their neighbors. When we were a boy we used to do such 
things, so we know all about it. We are sorry now, and wish 
we had done better. When the term is ended father and 
mother say: "What has Jenny or Johnny learned these last few 
months? nothing that we can find out. We must send them 
to some other school; their present teacher does not seem to 
know much." While all the time the teacher has striven to 
teach Johnny and Jenny but they would not learn. So the 
teacher is wronged, he is thought incompetent and loses his 
scholars; they are sent to some other school with no better suc- 
cess, and. at last, father and mother says: "Oh, dear me, what 
poor teachers we have in this country. We wont send our 
children to school any more." 
Now, what is the wrong these careless, little people do to 



E tion. 



| 



J? 



K?c* 



lUBfctS&^SBESS 




^ 



JTJYEITILB 
/ . 



HTSTBUCTOR. _ 

; ':y i /ft fr£ 



101 



themselves? They displease God by wasting their time and 
neglecting their opportunities. They lose their good name, 
and when they grow up, the good will neither love nor trust 
them; they cannot get on in the world. Folks say, "no good 
can ever come of such a worthless boy." As men, they feel 
sorry and mean, they wish they could have their time over 
again; but the old saying comes into their minds, that "lost 
time can never be recalled," and they have to satisfy them- 
selves by thinking what they might have been — how good, 
how great, how useful, how wise, if they had doue better. 

These remarks will apply to both day and Sunday schools. 
Suppose we take a peep into one of these latter. See, all the 
classes are reading the same chapter in the Bible. Notice, 
some are attentive, some are not. The careless ones can never 
find the place when it comes their turn to read; they fumble 
all over the page and have to be told at last. Why is this? 
Because when others are reading they are looking at every 
thing but their books. Now notice, the reading is finished, the 
superintendent rises to question the children on what they 
have just been perusing. How many can answer his ques- 
tions? All? Oh, no, far from it. All should be able to do so, 
but they can not. Do half? Sometimes, but not always. 
Now, notice the inattentive ones, they can scarcely answer 
one question. If they have been reading about the trial and 
crucifixion of the Savior, they are in doubt whether it was 
Peter or Pilate, John or Judas, who denied him in the judg- 
ment hall; and have vague ideas that Herod was one of the 
twelve apostles, and John the Baptist cut his head ofF. Will 
such children ever rise to be great and noble, to be esteemed 
and reverenced? Never, no never, if they do not change their 
course. But all can change if they like. Every one can 
become wise and good, so we entreat our little friends, if they 
have been careless and idle, to be so no more but play in play 
hours, study in school hours, give their whole mind to what 
they are about; then when they become men and women, 
all good people will respect them, and God will love them, 
and if they continue to do good all their lives, they will in 
the end dwell with Him in the next world. G. R. 



nSL 



THE STORY OIF 
AMEE/IOA1T HISTORY. 

Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

FOR a great many centuries the continent of America 
remained in the possession of Indian tribes, without 
being known to the rest of the world at all. The nations of 
Europe had not the least idea of the existance of any such land 
or of any such people. 

The distance across the Atlantic Ocean from Europe to 
America is about three thousand miles, and that vas farther 
than any ships had ever sailed away from shore. They had 
made pretty distant voyages in those days along the coast, but 
they had never gone very far out upon the open sea. At length, 
between three and four hundred years ago, the discovery of 
America was made, and when it was made it produced among 
all the nations of Europe a feeling of great astonishment. 

The first discovery of America was made by Christopher 
Columbus. The year was 1492. It happened that at that 
period there was a great deal of interest felt by many different 
nations in making voyages of discovery in various parts of the 
world. The three nations that were most engaged in these 
expeditions were the Spanish, Portuguese, and the Dutch. 

The governments of these countries fitted out many ships for 
such purposes. Some they sent to the northern shores of 
Europe to explore the Arctio Seas, and some they sent to the 
southward, along the coast of Africa, on the way to India. 



None, however, had yet attempted to venture very far across 
the Atlantic to see what could be found there. 

At length about A. D. 1484, Christopher Columbus made 
his appearance in Lisbon, at that time a great and celebrated 
seaport. He came in from sea, but what his previous history 
has been no one knows. And yet he was then quite advanced 
in life. He was about forty eight years old. In his figure and 
bearing he was tall and commanding, and exceeding graceful 
and winning, though very grave and serious in his manners. 
He was a vjry devout man, and lived, as it seemed, in daily 
and constant communion with God. It was impressed strongly 
upon his mind that God had destined him to the fulfilment of 
some high and important duty, in which the welfare of man- 
kind was deeply concerned. 

At the chapel where Columbus was accustomed to worship 
in Lisbon, he saw and at length became acquainted with a lady 
named Donna Felippa. He soon formed an attachment for her, 
and after a time they were married. She was the daughter, as 
it happened, of a distinguished navigator in those days, and 
she had a great many charts, journals, and other manuscripts 
which had belonged to her father. These Columbus read, and 
they tended to deepen and strengthen the interest he had 
always felt for the sea. 

Columbus knew that the earth was a globe, and that conse- 
quently, if a person were to travel toward the east or toward 
the west until he had gone far enough to encircle it, he 
would come back again to the place that he set out from. 
Now various adventurers in those days had gone to the east- 
ward very far. Some bad journeyed across the continent by 
land. Others had gone round through the southern oceans by 
water. They had finally reached India, and Columbus sup- 
posed that if they had only gone on somewhat farther, they 
would have come home again by the way of the Atlantic Ocean, 
that is, from the opposite quarter of the compass to that toward 
which they went away. They went away toward the east, and 
they would come home, he thought, from the west. "And 
in the same manner," said he to himself, "if they would sail 
to the west, they would soon reach India, and so might come 
home from the east." 

Columlsus thought he knew pretty correctly how large the 
earth was, and how great the distance was which must be 
sailed to go around it. It may seem strange that this could 
be known at all when nobody had actually gone round it to 
measure the distance. It was something like this. Suppose, 
in walking in the country, you were to come to a large circular 
field, enclosed with a high fence, so that you could not see what 
was within. You undertake to walk around it. Now, by 
noticing the curvature of the boundary as you go along, and 
comparing the distance that you travel, with it, you could 
form a pretty accurate judgment of the portion of the circum- 
ference that you bad passed over at any time. You would say, 
"We must be a quarter round, or we must be half round," as 
the case may be. A mathematician, who had instruments to 
measure the curvature of the distance, could, in such a case, 
tell exactly, at any time, how much of a circle was still left. 

This is precisely the case in going round the earth. The 
curvature of the part that any navigator traverses can easily bo 
measured by means of instruments and observations of the 
stars. It was in this way that Columbus knew what portion of 
the circumference of the earth remained to be explored. He 
thought it was about one third of the whole. The portion 
which had been already passed over by travelers, from the 
shores of the Atlantic to tho easternmost known portions of 
India, was about two thirds. 

Columbus was right in.tho theory of his calculations, but not 
entirely correct in the results. Instead of there being only one 
third of the earth's circumference remaining to be explored, 



» 






& 



lOS 



J" TJ ^r IE ICT I L IE INSTRUCTOR 



'£* 



there was more than half. Such an error as this is what 

happens almost invariably to inventors and discoverers. They 

see very clearly the end which they wish to attain, and are 

right in respect to the theoretical truth and practicability oPit, 

but they underestimate altogether the length or the difficulties 

of the way. 

{To be Continued.) 



f ntU Rejoin'* Wrt$i% 



W 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

■visit x:x:"v . 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 



[CONTINUED.] 

ON the following Sabbath, when the family attended meeting 
at the branch of the church to which they belonged, the 
presiding Elder said he wished to get the names, ages and 
addresses of those who were going to emigrate in the "Gol- 
conda," as they intended to charter a train to send the Saints to 
Liverpool. In order to prevent the loss of time and money by 
staying a few days in Liverpool, the Saints would be notified 
when the ship was ready, and an agent would be sent down to 
secure them berths and obtain their tickets. Upon their arrival 
at the railway station in Liverpool, the president of the con- 
ference would be there to meet them with wagons and carts to 
take their luggage to the ship, and they could go on board at 
once, without any confusion or trouble, and all their business 
would be done for them. Without such an arrangement as 
this, each family would, perhaps, have had to stay two or three 
days at a coffee house or hotel in Liverpool, and store their 
luggage until the ship was ready; for frequently the ship cannot 
be got ready to sail on the day appointed. Then they would 
have had to go to the office, secure their berths, and have their 
luggage moved from the coffee house, or hotel, to the docks. 
Instruction was given to those about to emigrate, to dispense 
with all unnecessary luggage, and on the necessity of being 
cleanly. This made a most profitable afternoon's discourse. 
Papa and mamma had the spirit of those instructions, and had 
already been preparing for the journey. Every thing they did 
not want fur immediate use was packed away in boxes securely 
fastened and marked, to go below in the hold of the ship, 
where all extra luggage is packed away, and the clothing they 
would need on the voyage was packed in oilcloth sacks, 
fastened securely with stout cord. Mary and Ellen were very 
busy with their parents assisting them in all their operations. 
Swiftly fly the fleeting days and the family are notified to 
be at the railway station, from which they are to start at 
quarter to seven o'clock on Monday morning. 

Papa had left the firm of Goodman & Co. When his em- 
ployers found that he was determined to go they made him a 
handsome present, and told him if ever he regretted his course 
and returned to England, to pay them a visit Every article of 
furniture had been sold, and they slept upon the floor, used 
their boxes for tables and their tin ware for cooking, etc. 
Do not think this break up of the household had been accom- 
plished without some regrets, for they had parted with some 
heirlooms that, having been in the family for years, were rendered 
valuable to them because of the happy reminiscences they 
awakened of bygone days; and had almost become household 
in their affection. "Gather my saints together unto me; 
those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice," saith the 




Lord, through the Psalmist; and little do the unthinking thous- 
ands, that gaze upon the Latter-day Saint emigrants, know of 
the throes that agitate the souls of those who leave native land, 
fathers, mothers, children, friends, relations, all, for the king- 
dom of God and its righteousness. These noble beings, my 
dear children, are your fathers and mothers, who have come 
out here to these peaceful valleys to be taught the ways of the 
Lord and to walk in his paths. Oh, love, honor and obey 
them, and thus lay for yourselves the foundation of a good and 
happy life. 

The eventful Monday arrived, and Mary and Ellen arose 
before the lark, under a feeling of excited curiosity and anticipa- 
tion of pleasure at the journey before them. Breakfast was 
soon dispatched, sandwiches of bread and ham were packed in 
a basket for lunch on the road. A ring at the bell announced 
the arrival of the cart that was to convey their baggage to the 
station. Then came the good bys of friends who lived in the 
same house, and off they started to the railway station. Arriving 
there, they found quite a number of the Saints and their friends 
had arrived, and there was quite a scene of bustle. The cars 
stood by the platform awaiting their living freight. Railway 
porters were busily engaged running the baggage from the 
wagons to the baggage cars. At the back of the passenger 
cars, were groups of men, women and children in earnest 
conversation. Here a son leaving his father and mother, as a 
pioneer, they only having sufficient means to pay for his emi- 
gration. 

How visible the mothers anxiety for his comfort, and the oft 
repeated injunctions to "write often," as she checks the tears 
that gush to her eyes and the choaking sensation in the throat. 
Young lady friends walking up and down the platform, children 
who think of nothing but the pleasure of the trip, running to 
and fro, getting in the way of porters, who cry out "Missus, 
can't you take care of your children;" and grumble at their 
"want of sense." How frequently we hear the expression, "Oh 
I wish I were going with you," and "I shall try to follow you 
next season," from those who are prevented from gathering, 
through lack of means. The bell is ringing, the engine is 
being attached to the cars, and the sound of the steam 
is heard, rushing through the escape pipe; the hurry to get 
seated, the noise of the slamming of doors, as car after car is 
filled. The shaking of hands, kissing, love and tears, and 
fervent "God bless you!" from loving hearts. The shrill whis- 
tle from the engine, giving warning that the train is about to 
start. "Stand back! stand back!" cry the porters as the train 
moves forward, separating friends from friends; the waving of 
handkerchiefs, the secret, short-breathed prayers for safety, 
until the train is out of sight, and then, those remaining retrace 
their steps homeward, with heavy hearts and anxious hopes that 
they may rejoin their friends in their mountain home next year. 



Go when the morning shineth 

Go when the noon is bright, 
Go when the eve declineth, 

Go in the hush of night; 
Go with pure mind and feeling, 

Send earthly thoughts away, 
And in thy chamber kneeling, 

Do thou in secret pray. 

Remember all who love thee, 
All who are loved by thee, 

And pray for those that hate thee, 
If any such there be; 

Then for thyself, in meekness, 
A blessing humbly claim, 

And join with each petition, 
Thy great Redeemer's naino, 






6<3fi 



, JUYEK"ILE 



IITSTRUCTOB, 



103 



S*«8»*JPl8* 



JOSEPH SMITH 



TBI IE 




<") 



N our last number we gave an extract from 
Joseph's history respecting John C. Ben- 
nett. This man came to Nauvoo and 
professed to have a great desire to see the 
Saints enjoy their rights. lie was a man 
of some ability, and had a little influence, 
yet those who knew him best had but little 
confidence in him. After he came to Nau- 
voo he joined the Church, and he was, 
apparently, very zealous and devoted to the 
cause of God. He soon became prominent 
among the people, obtained the office of Major 
General in the Nauvoo Legion, which he was 
very active in getting organized, and was also 
Mayor of the city of Nauvoo. When the news 
spread abroad that Dr. Bennett had joined the 
Church, a letter was written to Nauvoo by a former 
neighbor of Bennett's, in which it was stated that 
he had a wife and two children in Ohio. The 
writer warned the people respecting him, and stated that he 
was a very mean man. Not much importance was attached to 
this letter at the time it was received. It was known that 
good men were sometimes spoken evil against, and it was 
thought that the statements of the writer of this letter might 
be untrue. On this account the letter was kept quiet; but it 
was held in reserve. 

For a while after his baptism, he kept up a good appearance, 
and was anxious to have Joseph and the people think he was 
a true Saint. But this did not last long. He tried to keep 
his wickedness secret; but it soon came to light. Joseph was 
not long in finding out that lie was acting the hypocrite. To 
gain his ends with the sisters he told them many very wicked 
lies about Joseph. He said that Joseph taught doctrines in 
secret which he dare not make public; or, in other words, he 
preached one thing in public and practiced another in private. 
By means of these lies he deceived several women, and led 
them astray. He ruined them to gratify his lusts. Joseph 
had done all he could to save him. But it was of no avail. 
He was a corrupt, bad man. 

When Joseph learned that Bennett was continuing his 
wickedness, ho charged him with it. Bennett admitted it was 
true. Joseph was resolved to put a stop to such actions in 
future, and he publicly proclaimed against them. On the 17th 
of May, l.S-lL', Bennett resigned the office of mayor of the city 
of Nauvoo. He did this because he knew that his abomina- 
tions, were fast coming to light, and he hoped that by resign- 
ing his office the people might think him innocent. At a 
special session of the city council, two days afterwards, Joseph 
asked Bennett if he hail aught against him. He did this 
because of the many reports in circulation in tlfc city, and with 
the view to quiet the public mind. Bennett arose before the 
council and a house full of spectators and said that he knew of 
no difficulty with the heads of the church; that Joseph had 
never given him authority in public or in private to teach any- 
thing wrung; and he denied in very strong language, his ever 
having done this. Joseph asked liini to state definitely whether 

he knew anything aj'ain.^t his (Joseph's) character, either in 
public or private. Bennett replied positively that he did not. 
He said that, so tar as he knew, Joseph had been strictly 

virtuous in public Or private, 



Bennett, after he left Nauvoo, and began to publish against 
Joseph and the Church, tried to make the public believe that 
he was threatened and frightened into making these statements 
about Joseph. This is a common trick with apostates. They 
know that persons who have read or heard their statements 
previous to their apostasy, and then read or heard these which 
they have made afterwards, must know that they have told lies 
either at first or last. If the first are true, the last cannot be; 
if the last are true, the first cannot be. So, like Bennett, they 
tell more lies. They try and mate people believe that when 
they made statements favorable to the cause of God they were 
afraid of their lives! 



FIDO J^1<TJD BIDDY. 

FIDO, with his four legs and paws, his sharp teeth, swiftness 
and strength, felt himself altogether superior to Biddy, the 
old speckled hen, who had only two legs and nothing but a beak 
for a mouth. He took great pleasure in frightening her off 
the lawn in front of his master's house whenever he happened 
to find her there looking for something to eat. 

Biddy was sorely afraid of Fido, who was of a cowardly nature. 
He would run from a dog of his own size that happened to 
growl and show his teeth, but would snap and snarl at the 
smaller dogs that came in his way. He was the terror of all 
the cats in the neighborhood; and little school children dreaded 
to pass along the road that went by his master's houf e, because, 
when they did so, Fido was sure to run out and frighten 
them by his fierce barking. 

So you see that Fido was just like some boys you have met; 
always ready to annoy and hurt the weak, but cowards at heart. 

As for poor Biddy, he was the terror of her life. If she 
were at roost in the evening, high up on the tree, and she 
heard Fido's voice, she would rise up quickly with a cry of 
alarm. 

Now it happened that Biddy all at once disappeared from 
the lawu and door yard, and Fido missed the daily sport of 
scaring her over the fence or chasing her into a bush and biting 
from her back a mouthful of feathers. For just three weeks 
was she gone, and Fido was forgetting her, when, one sunny 
June morning. Biddy came clucking along one of the gravel 
walks, followed by a brood of eight little chickens. 

With a sharp yelp and a quick spring, Fido threw himself 
towards her. He counted on rare sport. But, greatly to his 
surprise, Biddy, instead of running away, turned swiftly toward 
him, ruffling her feathers and presenting her sharp beak, 
calling at the same time to her chickens to come under her 
wings for safety. 

Here was something on which Fido had not counted. His 
tail dropped and he turned and ran off with a frightened look; 
but in a moment came back fiercely, yet with a caution in his 
movements and a respect for his eneny not felt before. Biddy 
was in no mood for trifling. Love for her tender brood — ths 
mother in her heart — wade her forget herself; and so she had 
no fear. Her horny beak was a powerful weapon and nature 
told her how to use it. Before Fido could retreat this time, 
she flew upon him and gave him two or three such sharp 
strokes about his nose and eyes that ho was glad to escape, 
and ran oil' yelping with pain. 

Alter that, BiiRly had no trouble with Fido. She took her 
downy brood just where she pleased — into the lawn, through 
the dooryard, up and down the gravel walks, and Fido never 
so much as growled at her. Indeed, it was noticed that if he 
were lying on the porch and Biddy came in sight, he would get 
up in a Bhatncfaoed Kind of way and walk quietly into the 
house— not re-appearing till the hen was gone. — Selected. 






i& 



9"& 



■fcSfef' 




Otf 104 



JUYEITILE 



FSTBUCTOB^ 



r«c* 



Jf'oi 1 Me Juvenile Instructor. 

OATEOHISM 

FOB OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



131 Who were set apart for the first mission to Europe? 

132. When did they start from Kirtland? 

133. What was President Kimball called, oven by leading 
Elders, before leaving Kirtland, for going on the mission? 

134. Who joined the brethren named at New York? 

135. When did they sail from New York for Liverpool, in 
England? 

130. When did they arrive at Liverpool? 

137. Who jumped into a small boat and were rowed ashore? 

138. To what place did they proceed from Liverpool? 

139. What words were on the flag which they saw as they 
alighted from the coach in Preston? 

140. Who turned the key that opened the gospel door to the 
eastern hemisphere? 



TIDE MARKS 



IT was low tide when we went down to Bristol, and great, 
gray rocks stood up, bare and grim above the water; but 
high up, on all their sides, was a black hue that seems hardly 
dry, though it was far above the water. 

"What makes that black mark on the rocks?" I asked of my 
friend. 

"Oh, that is the tide mark," she replied. 

Every day, when the tide comes in, the water rises and 
rises, until it reaches that line, and in a great many years it has 
worn away the stone until the mark is cut on the rocks." 

"Oh," thought I, "that is all, is it? Well I have seen agreat 
many people that carried tide marks on their faces." 

Right in front of me was a pretty little girl, with delicate fea- 
tures and pleasant blue eyes. But she had some queer little 
marks on her forehead, and I wondered how they came there, 
until presently her mother said: 

Shut down the blind, Carrie; the sun shines right in baby's 
face. ' ' 

"I want to look out," said Carrie, peevishly. 

But her mother insisted, and Carrie shut the blind and turn- 
ed her face away from the window. Oh, dear me! what a face 
it was. The blue eyes were full of frowns instead of smiles, the 
pleasant lips were drawn up in an ugly pout, and the queer lit- 
tle marks on the forehead had deepened into actual wrinkles. 

"Poor little girl" I thought, how bad you will feel when you 
grow up, to have your face marked all over with the tide marks 
of passion," for these evil tempers leave their marks just as 
surely as the ocean does, and I have seen many a face stamped 
so deeply with self will and covetousuess, that it must carry the 
marks to the grave. 

Take care, little folks! and whenever you give way to bad 
temper, remember the tide marks." 



The following paraphrase of the Lord's prayer has been 
to music in England: 

Our heavenly Father, hear our prayer, 
Thy name be hallowed everywhere. 
Thy kingdom come, Thy perfect will 
In earth, as in heaven, let all fulfill; 
<iive this day's bread that we may live, 
Forgive our sins as we forgive, 
Help us temptation to withstand; 
From evil shield us by Thy hand, 
Now and forever unto Thee, 
The kingdom, power, and glory be. 

Amen. 



set 




||etecfcfi $*tU$. 



id) 



USTO BABY IIsT TTHIE HOUSE. 

No baby in the house, I know — 

'Tis far too nice and clean 
No tops by careless fingers strewn 

Upon the floor are seen . 

No finger-marks are on the panes, 

No scratches on the chairs; 
No wooden men set up in rows, 

Or marshalled off in pairs. 

No little stockings to be darned, 

All ragged at the toes; 
No pile of mending to be done, 

Made up of baby clothes. 

No little troubles to be soothed, 

No little hands to fold; 
No grimy fingers to be washed, 

No stories to be told. 

No tender kisses to be given, 

No nicknames — "Love" and "Mouse;" 

No merry frolics after tea — 
No baby in the house 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

CHARADE. 



BY JOS. H. PARRY. 



I am composed of 11 letters. 

My 10, 6, 2, 5, 6, 'J, 8, 9, 10, 11, is an island in the Pacific 

Ocean. 
My 4, 6, 10, is a number. 
My 6, 7, 3, 6, is the name of a lake. 
My 9, 4, 8, 9, 1, is the name of a mountain in Africa. 
My whole is a country in Europe. 

The answer to the Charade in No. 11 is ARGENTINE 
REPUBLIC. 



There is dew in one flower, and not in another because one 
opens its cup and takes it in, while the other closes iteeifand 
the drop runs off. God rains goodness aud mercy as wide as 
the dew, and if we lack them it is because wc will not open our 
hearts to receive them. 



JTjr^TEISriLE HSTSTB^XJGTOB^ 

In published in <Sa(t Lake dry, Utah Tetritory t 
ON THE FIRST tfc FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum $1 00 

Single Copy, lur Six *Muullis 1 00 

#g- // is expected where agents forward names they will he responsible 
or t/ie papers thus ordered; and when (Josh payments are made, they 
will please forward them with the letter containing the names of the 
subscribers. 

&*j- EUler Win. JI. Shearman, Logan, unit act as General Agent for 
t toclte Valley. 
) #*r Grain brought to this City for the Juvknile Instructor will be 
1 received at the ojjice of our paper— D&nKKir-T Nlws buu.Jjj£iutt. 




