
VOL 10. 



SALT LAKK CITY, DECEMBER 25, 1875. 



.NO. 



SlSrOAA/- SHIOES. 




Now, that the winter season is fairly upon us ami (he giound 
is covered with snow, the sports which our ynnnir roaders 

are wont to indulge in diirme the warm seasons of the year 
have to he abandoncil, and indoor aniiisenunts and such out- 
door sports as are appropriate to the season are suhs'.ituted. 
Skating, sleigh-riding, coasting, etc.. aie all vciy j'lra.'nnt to 
indulge in during a short season of tlu' year, and licl|i Id make 
the ice and snow of the winter endura'ile, and even enioy;d)le; 
Imt even these would grow monotonous to us if our winter 
season was the longest of the ^'car as is the case in some 
countries. We would tii'O of trudging through the snow or 
sliding on the ice, and long for summer to conu> with its warm 
weather, dry roads and green verdure. We even grow impa- 
tient for spring 

o couic as it is, 
sometimes, 
when the cold 
is unusually 
severe or the 
snow falls un- 
us a'ly late in 
the season; how 
then must it be 
with the poor 
Lapl a riders, 
Ejiquimaus and 
others where 
the snow and y 
ice prevail for / 
the greater por- 
tion of the 
year, who, in- 
stead ot beintf aiuioyud with li,L\'inglo lireak ihtir load ihrough 
an occasional fall of snow knee deep, are ciunpelied to do 
their traveling over the top of the snow, as it falls too deep 
for them to attempt to break roads through it? Now if you 
attempt to walk over the top of the snow, unless the crust is 
frozen unu.sually hard, you sink to the bottom at every step 
you take, and the query may rise in your minds, how tho.so 
people of whom we speak manage to travel over the snow 
without sinking in the same manner. We will tell you. They 
wear snow shoes; not neat, closely fitting leather or cloth shoes 
such as we are used to wearing, but simple, long, tiiiu, narrow 
wooden boards fre(|uently seven to nine feet long and four or 
five inches wide, with the front end turned up something like 
leigh runner, and a jMCce of leather nailed aero.ss midway 




between the two ends to slip the foot under; or, as they are 
sometimes made, a light wooden frame eight to fourteen inches 
wide at its widest part and narrower at each end, and four to 
seven feet long, covered with wicker worker .'-trips of raw- 
hide or skins of ■ nimals. These they fasten to their feet, and 
then nidve nver the snow with a motion something like that 
of a person skating. Though the snow may be a little soft 
they are not likely to sink in, as their weight or pressure falls 
upon a much larger surface than if they had no snow shoes 
on. 

Snow shoes are very common among the Indians too in this 
country and are used by them in their hunting expeditions, 
when the ,snow is too deep for their jiouies to travel. Our 

biethren who 

^.-fe^ '^»iM*>''U*''i-— _ trenie northern 

Be I dements of 
this Territory 
have sometimes 
found it neces- 
sary to use 
them to travel 
iivuii one settle- 
ment to an- 
other, and ill 
the early settle- 
in nt of Bear 
Lake Valley the 
mail was car- 
ried du'.ing the 
winterseasonon 
snow shoes. 

This styli' of traveling is far more latiijuing than walking 
upon the ground, especially if the snow is not in good condi- 
tion, that is, frozen on the surface. If the snow is soft it is 
apt to stick to the shoes and make traveling ditheult. In the 
first vdluiue of the In.stri i "idR we pulillshed an account of 
]}rother ('iiarles C. Kicli traveling from Franklin, iu Cadie 
Valley, to his home in I'ari.s, Bear J^ake Valley, a distance of 
only thirty miles, over the mountains; yet the snow was in such 
a bad condition for traveling over that it took him three days 
to make the jfuirney. 



EiM c-ATKiN l)i!gins the gentleman, but reading, good com 
pany. and reHccti(iii, mu-^t finish him. 





SOS 



CTTJATEn^ILE IIsrSTi^TJOTOI^. 



'^m 



#iii $ 



intvicn. 



BY G. M. O. 



AXriENT PERU. 



( Continued. )■ 

Tilv. PeruviaDS fully believed in a Supreme Creator of the 
universe. The sun was the great object of adoration. 
"If it r.ained, the sun .shone, filling the .skj- with rainbows; 
if it snowed or hailed he still withheld not his light or warmth; 
so that whether it was spi'ing, summer, autumn or winter, the 
air was always dry, the sun never absent. No wonder they 
worshipsd it." They also revered the moon and stars, 
thunder and liirhtning and the i-aiubow, to which they built 
temples. They believed in the exi,-<tence of the soul after 
death, and connected with it the resurrection of the body, 
which prompted them to preserve the dead with much carC' 
The centre of the earth was de.--ignated as the place of the 
wicked, where they should expiate their crimes by ages of 
weary toil. The good, they .supposed, would jia.ss a life of 
luxui-ions tranquillity and case. 

One of their custom.s was a kiml of infant baptism. They 
gave to their children a name to di.stinguirh them from all 
others. In some districts the child was baptized immediately 
after birth; in others not until it was two years old. The 
father gave the name to his child, and one of the relations 
acted as godfather. At the age of fourteen the candidates 
receive another name and a second baptism, or initiation as a 
subject into the kingdom, the name given at this time having 
some special meaning iir allu.sion to family history or national 
event. This was a time of great public rejoicing. The head 
of the department bestowed the now name. The finger nails 
were pared and the hair cut oft' in the sight of all the people 
and offered as a sacrifice to (Jod. "Was this," asks a writer, 
"meant to signify that their talents and their beauty were 
consecrated to heaven, or did this cutting oft' of hair and nails 
point to the duties of personal mortification, and that their 
bodies with their desires, their wills and inclinations were to 
be kept in subjection to a higher power?" 

The feast of summer (the feast of the sun) was celebrated 
in the royal city of Cuzco, with wonderful pomp and mag- 
nificence. It was called "the great feast of P>aymi." Princes 
governors and chiefs as.sombled together for worship. If liy 
reason of old age, sickness or infirmity or tor being on service 
at a distance, any of these could not attend they sent their 
sons or some other near relative to represent them. All came 
in splendid robes, bearing arms, each one, in his national 
costume, rivaling the other in the gjrgeousnessof his symbols 
and ornaments. The multitude of people as well as nobles 
was so great that there was no room in the houses to receive 
them all, and they camped in the great squares, streets, on 
the hillsides and in the valley surrounding the city, under 
their own tents. Three days of rigorous fa.sting preceded 
their feast. During this time no fire was allowed to be kind- 
led in any house, and their only food consisted of a little maize 
and an herb called "chucan." The Inca with all his court, 
presided. He left his palace early in the morning barefoot 
and walked to the great square, where the multitude assembled 
to salute the rising sun. Here the nobles and chiefs, with 
their servants bearing their parasols of feather.-, gave the great 
plaza a covering or awning of one vast, niativ colored feathery 
liela. Aa the ouu luoc, oue grauii aimuluucuao aliuUc ui juuiieu 




burst from the assembly. Drums beat, pipe.s played, and the 
voices of one hundred thou.«and people sang in praise. "Tliey 
lifted up their arms to embrace the heavenly rays and kissed 
the air as if it were the raiment of God." Two golden vessels 
filled with concentrated wine were then oft'ered to the deity by 
the Inca. The one in his right hand wiis emptied through a 
tube of gold, leading from the plaza to the altar of the temple. 
From the one in his left hand he drank to the health of his 
family, and then poured a little into the golden cu]is brought 
fir the purpose by the nobles, who also drank with the Inca. 
Then the Inca, his family and the nobility, proceeded bare- 
footed to the temple, and there oft'ered those small cups thus 
consecrated on the inner altar. Only the nobility were allowed 
to enter the temple. The peoiile. also barefoot, remained with- 
out and worshiped. Having made these offerings the high 
priest commenced his .sacrifices on an altar richly adorned and 
])laced in the centre of the great square. First was a llama 
lamb, black, without a spot or blemish, in th'^ entrails of which 
the priests searched for some signs by which to read the future. 
After this came the general sacrifice, which consisted of numer- 
ous llamas. The entrails and heart were burned to a^hes, the 
flesh distributed among the juior, and the wool made into 
clothing for the army. After this came the drink offerings. 
The Inca, seated on a throne of gold, drank to his family 
and certain nobles and warriors who had distinguished them 
selves in Lattle. Then the members of the royal family drank 
to each other, the chiefs following their example. In time, so 
much drinking produced its exhilarating eft'ects and the general 
rejoicing became hilarious. Fancy balls, plays, charades, 
with all kinds of music and games and other amusements were 
indulged in for eight days. "No temples were built to the 
un-een God, for it was taught that the Creator of the universe, 
who was an animating, sustaining sjjirit, could only be wor- 
shiped in the un.seen temple of each worshiper's heart, but 
to the sun, as the expression of the glory and power of the 
creating spirit, they ought to build temple.-." The name given 
to the deity was Pachacamac. "7«(,7('i meaning the world, 
or nniveri-e, and cajna, to animate" (Gaicilaso). 

The Pel uvians admit that they got their architectural notions; 
from the ruined buildings found in the vicinity ofLakeTiticaca, 
and it is universally aduiitted by hi.storian> and antiquarians 
that Peru was inhabited long previous to the incas, by a race 
of refined jieople, greatly in advance and more highly civilized 
than they. The extensive ruins found in the cmntry, assert 
this fact and we have troiu their own traditions, the history 
of a jieoplc, who worshiped the Creator and erected the great 
temple and city, the ruins of which are sitiiated on the sea 
coast near Lima, and called Pachacamac. The inhabitants of 
this city, after being conquered by the Peruvians, were gradu- 
ally weaned from their worship, and their temiile wa« re- dedi- 
cated to the sun. But still the religion ofthe.se old inhabitants 
was not entirely obliterated. During the reign of the Inca 
lioca the foundation of certain colleges and schools .somewhat 
changed the current religion and there was a sun jiarty and a 
skeptical party; but the sun party, being the party of the court 
and aristocracy, prevailed. The Incas still maintained their 
heavenly origin (children of the sun), and yet Roca is reported 
to have repeatedly said that "considering the grandeur of the 
heavens their beauty and constant splendor, the Creator of the 
world, judging from the palace he occujiied, must be a Being 
superior to the heaven.s; and if he (the Inca) were inclined to 
worship anything on this side of those palace walls, he would 
certainly adore a man uf wisdom and discretion; tor he who 
is born a child is here to-day and gone to-morrow: and lie who 

caliuot. ^C1A.\C. .>..^u.Lcli. .lOil^ uCulh UugLl liUt lU Le WOlbLipL 





0" TJ ^ El IsT I Xj E IZsTSTI^TJGTOI^ 



^BO 




The Peruvians believed in confession and they had some 
singular rites connected with this ceremony. Each penitent at 
the time received from the priest the ashes of the bui-ut oft'oriuirs, 
which he blew reverentially into the air. Afterwards he 
received a small white stone to wa.sh in a neighboring stream, 
set apart and made sacred for the purpose. Then returning, 
he called upon the heavens, the birds of the air, and the beasts 
of the field to testify against him if he did not adhere to the 
truth. This done, to prove the truth, the penitent threw a 
handful of maize into a basin. If the number of plains on 
being counted, proved even, the confession was good; if odd, 
it was bad and had to be made over again. The punishments 
imposed ujion transgressors wore not light, and consisted of 
separation from the society of women for a time, abstinence 
from salt and pepper and wine. Sometimes they stripped 
themselves ol the clothes which they had transgres.sed, burnt 
them and procured new ones, thus putting off' the old man 
with his deeds and beginning a new and cleanlvlife. 

Though their temples were adorned not only with symbols 
of the sun, moon, rainbow and the planets, there was another 
object which has been a puzzle to the learned men who have 
investigated the ancient Peruvian religion. This was a marble 
cross of which there were several copies placed in various parts 
of the city Cuzco. Many attempts have been made to explain 
the origin of this sacred emblem and its usages by the Peru- 
vians, the most i)(.ii)ular being that it was their representation 
of the starry constellation called by us the "Southern Cross," 
and not an emblem of the crucifi.xion. But it is difficult for 
us to escape from the conclusion that its reverence was de- 
rived from the same source and prompted by the same motives 
tliat has made it so sacred in our eyes. And the Book of 
Mormon gives us the most reasonable grounds and most con- 
vincing proof to sustain us in our opinion. 
( To he Contiivued. ) 



J^ I^K.EE J^1<T1D EJLS"y LIFE. 




NOT\vrni.sT.\NPlX(i the perfect simplicity of the Digger Indi- 
an's life, he is an inveterate gambler; his principal game 
i-i very simple, consisting of holding lioth han<ls behind him. in 
one of which is a stick, while another bets he can tell in which 
hand he holds it. It is stated that Diggers scorn chealiug, 
and after the bets are made never change the stick from one 
hand to the other. Their money consists of little round shells 
with a hole in the center, which one of their number is selected 
to manufacture. No counterfeiting is ever attempted. Kaeh 
.shell represents about half a cent of American money, and is 
taken by their tribe as greedily as gold. Their social habits 
are. to say the least, peculiar. The wigwams are built through- 
out of redwood bark, anil are round in shape, which can be 
better e.xjilained by saying that they are in the shape of a bowl 
upsii'.e down with a smaller one i)laced also upside down on top. 
There are no windows, and aside from the aperture for entrance, 
which is about two feet square, and a small opening at the top 
to allow the smoke to escape, there is no opening in thiscone- 
shajied inclosure. To enter one of these huts it becomes 
necessary to got down and crawl in. Once inside a strange 
sight meets the eye. The majority of both sexes go perfectly 
naked, and being scrupulously particular, each one does his or 
lier own cooking. They sleep in hollow places in the ground, 
with feet to the center. Their cooking apparatus, which 
consists of good sized rocks, hollowed out, is in convenient reach, 
and the Digger need not rise to j)repare his breakfast. The 
d consists of bread made from acorns, which are first buried. 



then roasted, then pulverized, and lastly mixed with water and 
baked. This bread is said to be very nourishing. 



AA^ o nsr ID E i^ s OIF" 

HEIST'S BG-G. 



J^ 



TUB hen has scarcely sat on her egss twelve hours before some 
lineaments of the head and body of the chicken appear. 
The heart may be seen to beat at the end of the second day; it 
has at that time somewhat the form of a horse-shoe, but no 
blood yet a ppears. At the end of two days two vessels of blood 
are to be distinguished, the pulsation of which is visible; one 
of these is the left ventricle, and the other the root of the great 
artery. At the fiftieth hour one auricle of the heart appears, 
resembling a noose folded down upon itself. The beating of 
the heart is first ob.served in the auricle, and afterward in the 
ventricle. At the end of seventy hours, the wings are distin- 
guishanle; and on the head two Imbbles are seen for the brain, 
one for the bill, and two for the fore and hind ]iarts of the head. 
Toward the end of the fourth day, the two auricles already 
visible draw nearer to the heart than before. The liver appears 
toward the fifth day. At the end of seven hours more, the 
lungs and the stomach become visible; and four hours after- 
ward, the intestines, and loins, and the upper jaw. At the 
one hundred and forty-fourth hour two ventricles are visible, 
and two drops of blood instead of the .single one which was seen 
before. The seventh day the brain begins to have some con- 
sistency. At the one hundred and nineteenth hour of incuba- 
tion the bill opens, and the flesh appears in the[breast. In four 
hours more the breast bone is seen. In six hours after this the 
ribs appear, forming from the back, and the bill is very visilile. 
as well as the gall-bladder. The bill becomes green at the end 
of two hun-lred and thirt\'- six hours ; and if the chicken is taken 
out of its covering, it evidently moves itsel.^ At the two 
hundred and eighty-eighth the ribs are perfect. At the three 
hundred and thirtyfir.stthe s])lcen draws near the stomach and 
lungs to the f^hest. At the end of three hundred and fifty-five 
hours the bill frequently opens and shuts; and the end ol the 
eighteeutii day the first cry of the chicken is heaui. It after- 
ward gets more strength and grows continually, till at length 
it is enabled to set itself free from its confinement. 



Strong Ch.vr.vi'tkrs. — Strength of character consi.-.ts of 
two thinss. power of will and power of self-restraint. It requires 
two thing-i, therefore , for its existence — strong feelings and 
strong command over them. Now we all very often mistake 
strong feelings for strong character. A man who bears all 
before him, before whose frown domestics tremble, and whose 
bursts of fury make the children of the household quake — 
because he has his will obeyed, and bis own way in all things 
— we call him a strong man. The truth is that he is *he weak 
man; it is his passions that are strong ; he mastered by them is 
weak. Vou must measure the strength of a nnm by the jtower 
of tho.se that subdue him. And hence, composure is very 
often the highest result of strength. Did we never see a man 
I'cceive a flagrant injuiy, and then reply quietly? That is a 
man spiritually strong. Or did we never see a nnm in anguish, 
stand, as if carved out of solid rock, mastering himself? Or 
one bearing a hopc^less d.aily trial, rcTuain silent, and never tell 
the world what cankered his home peace? That is strength. 
lie who, with strong pa.ssions, remains diaste ; he who, keenly 
sensitive, with many powers of indignation in him, can be 
provoked and yet restrain himself, and forgive— the.=c are the 
strong men, the spiritual heroes. 





304 



JTJ^EIsriI-.E in^STI^.XJGTOI?. 




^WOI^IC J^1<11D F1L,J^1^. 



BY HUGH KNOUGH. 



" 4 I,L work aud no plaj' makes Jack a dull boy" is an adage 
A. almost as old as the hills, and it is as true as it is old; yet 
for all this, this proverb shoidd not be thrust forward on all 
occasion-:; hut giving a license to recreation at stated and proper 
times, and should not be abused. Another old adage should 
invariably accompany it, that is, "There is a time for every- 
thing." If I 'Id and young would bear these sayings eootinually 
in mind aud regulate the routine of their daily lives, so that 
the work of business and pleasure is properly and syEtematic- 
ally distributed, their purses, health, hearts aud homes would 
be the better f u- it. Some people think that the sole duty 
and purpo.-c of life is to work at their business fi-om daj'light 
to nearly midnight, day after day, from week to week and 
fi-om year to year, so that they may scrape in and accumulate 
the riches ot this earth, no matter whether their neeess-ities 
require it or not. These kind of men cannot find time, for a 
moment, to di.-jcoursc in an agreeable and social manner w'.th 
their families, to amuc ;!nd instruct their children, or even 
to attend to th? dutie o*' 'lieir religion. Business, busine.<sl 
is their constant cry, aid Imsiness is their god. What care 
they .so long as they gain the wealth of the world, even if 
they 'o .e thi-ir own souls. Their wives become careless and 
estranged, their children grow up cold and alienated in 
affection, disobedient, and sometimes a curse to their father 
instead of being a blessing: and when this busy, hard working, 
wealth .eokingmanh.'isfoui d time in his old aLefcr au:ouieni's 
reflection and finds himself slighted and deserted by those 
who should be the comfort and support of his declining years, 
hf-, then too late, sees his error, and curses his avarice and 
felly. 

!>o not. think that the writer is condemning honest toil and 
labor in the variou.s walks of daily life, for he considers it the 
duty of all, rieh;and poor, old and young, to employ the gifts 
God has given thein, whetiier mental or jihysical, and donate 
a due proportion of each day to some occupation, whether it 
l.e in benefiting a community, a nation, or his own fiimily. 

If you want to select a truly miierable man seek out one 
who hns nothing hone-fly to occupy his hands or mind. The 
same rule will applj' to women: I hey are compelled to be doing 
something, and that soaicthing will be either mischief slander 
or fome woi>e sin. Watts truly said "Satan finds some 
mi.-^chiff s.ill for idle hands to do." 

How oit.Mi btive I been grieved to observe boys aud girls 
who, alt nding no school, and doing no work, their time 
hanging lieavily on tlieir liands, wandered about listlessly, 
up to all manners of mischief, and even disinclined to plaj' 
with "the noi.-y sehool-boy just let loo.se from school," for they 
k.iow not how ivally enjoyable a good romp is alter having 
,beeu hard at work for a spell. They grew up to be lazy, 
ignorant and .sloveiil;, men aud women, and in after life we 
see them in full LjIooui — the men with pipes in their mouths 
lounging 'lu the street corners seeking fiir work and praying 
not to find it, and the women in disorderly and dirty house- 
holds, with unruly children, worried aud Wuin old before their 
tiiue. 

(jirls and Loys. jiray bear this in mind, that idleness is one 
of the gieatest curses to the human familj'; for it introduces 
every kind of vice and profligacy into our homes, and rolis 
the heart af all those blessings which ;in all-wise Father has 
offered to those who will seek and work for them. No matter 
what the vocation of your daily hves, whether it be in school, 




on the farm, in the workshop or office, whatever you have to 
do, do it well aud with a will: have no delays, no sluring over 
your work. Have a place for everything and everything in its 
place; and endeavor, by close study and care, to be "the top 
of thj tree" in whatever you undertake. If at school, .'trive 
to learn all you can by giving striot attention to your tutor and 
studies, so that in after years you may not sorrowfully niproach 
your.elf (as too many often do) with the wa.ste of opportunities 
in your young days. If you have started out in the world 
aud are working for another, be honest and do not steal the 
time from your employer, but remember that you are responsible 
to him and your God for a ju^t fulfillment of your contract. 
"Put your.-clf in his place" aud think what your feelings would 
be if those you employed were inclined to .shirk and slur over 
their work. Work even harder when your employer's back is 
turned than when he is watching you, and then what a sati.s- 
fa tion it will be to hear hiin remark, speaking of you, "I can 
trust thai lad." 

After the day's work is done with what pica.<urc, nerve and 
spirits can we then joui in the innocent pleasures afforded us. 
See the good father coming home irum his day'.s work, walking 
jierhaps wearily and looking tired from the fatigues of the 
daj% how in a moment he is transformed when he joins his 
family circle; then all cares and pains are forgotten as he romps 
with the little ones aud converses plea.santly with others of 
his household. He can afford time to attend to iiis religlou-; 
duties and take his family to iu,-tructive lectures aud other 
amusements, and justly he is honored aud loved by all his 
acquaintances. 

Again see tho>e hoys aud girls leaving school, flowing over 
with animal spirits, and their hearts filled with mirth and 
happiness, for tlnyknow that they have been doing their duty, 
and now they can work at play with jtleasure unrestrained. 

Once more then let us repeat the old adages that "All work 
and lio pl.iv ni'ikes Jack a dull boy" and that "There is a 
t me for evei-y thing." Andmay the readers of the Txstri' tor 
liave always the will, health and strength to work and p'ay, 
in their i^roper .seasons, to their hearts' content. 

PiDVAT. I'tioi'iisiNO. — Nicholas, the late emperor of Piussia. 
won bis bride in a singular way; yet it had a spice of gallantry 
in it. During a vi-sit to the King of Prussia, one day, while 
at dinner, the emperor rolled up a ring in a ]uece of bread 
and handing it to the Princess Pioyal, .said to her in a subdued 
voice, "If you will accejit my hand, put this ring on your 
finger." This is the imperial way of "popi>ing the question." 
She took no time to deliherate, but suffered her heart to si;eak 
the truth at once; and their happy nuptials were soon cele- 
brated. 

The royal way is illustrated liy the intance of Queen Vic- 
toria's projio.sal to the man other choice, Prince Albert, The 
Prince's "Memoirs" say: — 'The Prince had been out hunting 
early with his brother on that day, but returned at twelve, 
and half an hour iifterwards obej-ed the Queen's summons to 
her room, where he found her alone. After a few minutes' 
conversation m othei- subjects, the Queen told him why she 
had sent for him; anl we can well understand any btde hesi- 
tation and delicacy .-^he may have felt in doing so, for the 
Queen's position makine it imperative that any proposal of 
marriage should come from her, must necessarily appear a 
painful one to tho.-e who, deriving their ideas on this subject 
from the practice of private life, are wont to 'look upon it a,., 
the privilege and happiness of a woman to have her hand sought 
in marriage, instead of having to ufler it herself" 




¥ 



CrTJ"VEIsriLE IlTSTI?.TJOTOI2. 



'"^m. 



305 ^ 



IMIBYEK. I?.OTH:SOi3:iLI3. 




BURKHARnT, in his clever sketchs of the Money Kings, thus 
gives the chief step in the rise of that now historical family. 
It is a very striking illustration of "Honesty is the best policy." 

The season was September, 179:',. The Landgrave ofHesse- 
Cassel saw the French revolutionary banners approaching his 
dominions, and waving at his very frontiers. Hastily be packed 
up his jewels and valuables together, and between two and 
three millions of thalers, and took his way to the ancient city 
of Frankfort, hoping there to find means of placing his wealth 
and the jewels of his house in .security. 

Arriving at the city which had foi- centuries sent forth the 
rnk-rs of the "holy Roman Fmpire," the fugitive Landgrave 
knocked at the door of an humble Jewish banker, Meyer 
Hiithschild, richer in children than in thalers, but wlthil a 
distinguished and exjierienced archeologlst and numisniatol- 
ogist. 

The sovereign, who himself was an export in the^e sciences, 
jiaid much respect to the knowledge of the Jew banker, and 
liad actually a few years before bestowed upon him the dis- 
tinction of the title of "Medailleur to his Court." 

"Meyer," he began, as he handed him his well filled case, 
"1 know you to be honest and conscientious. Here is all I 
possess; take it, and return it to me when this tempest shall 
have blown over, and when better times dawn uj ion us." 

"So much confidence does me great honor," rep'ied the 
Hebrew, "but your Highne.ss must not forget that the Repub- 
lican avm.v is almost before our doors." 

"We are in the hands of Providence," replied the Landgrave. 
"I ask you for no receipt." 

The Prince re-entered his vehicle and hurried off without 
listening to the renewed protestations of the man of buf-iness. 

What Mej'er Rothschild had anticipated, duly came to jtass. 
llefore a week was over, Frankfort was in possession of the 
French troops, and the banker who had lieen denounced as an 
anti-revolutionist, and ally of the tyrant-^, fonnil his domicile 
sacked, and bis ca--b box plundered in tlje name oF liberty and 
the people. 

No sooner, however, had the victors left Frankfort, than 
Meyer Rothscild re-opened his banking hou-^e, finding at first 
credit among the Jews, ainl ultimati^lv with all the business 
world, and soon was reput.,'d richer than ever. In lS(12he wa« 
once more considered as one of the most reliable bankers in 
(jrermany. 

About this time there c.-mie a short period of rest for the 
crowned heads of rrerniaiiy. The princes of the Rhenish 
confederacy rested under the high and forced protection of 
Napoleon. Raised bv the will of the great commander to the 
dignity of an elector of the (lerman Empire, the Landgrave of 
Hesse received permission to return to his dominions. On his 
way he passed through Frankfort. The journals had before 
informed him of the plundering of Rothschild's house, and he 
naturally believed his own wealth long since a prey to the 
Jacobins. Still he determined to visit his numisuiatic friend, 
if only to asslii-e him of the continuance of bis confidence. 

"Good morrow, Meyer," said the electcn-, with a frank and 
hearty shake of hands. "Atla.stwe have i)eace, old friend, 
but it costs us dear enough. Before you .stands a ruined man; 
as poor as Job." 

"What! you jjoor, your Highness?" 

"Certainly, for have no": those confounded xaus cniof/e 
stolen my wealth along with yours? If I do nut now too 
much inconvenience you, I should like to borrow a small advance 

)on the indemnitv which I shall receive in Hesse Cassel." 



"An advanse is not needed, your Highness, for all that you 
confided to ray care is safe and untouched." 

"What!" exclaimed the prince, "and were you not plundered 
then?" 

"The French have taken every thing I had, and 1 was very 
careful not to excite them by resistance; otherwise they would 
have searched more thoroughly and mieht have found your 
diamonds and money where they were hidden in my cellar." 

"How! is it possible?" 

"Yes, my surrender was a strategem. They never found 
what I had hidden. For the last nine years in order to indem- 
nify myself for the moneys I had lost, I have taken the liberty 
of using some of yours. All my enterprises have proved suc- 
cessful, and without embarrassing myself in the least, I can 
now return you the entire sum with five per cent, interest." 

The prince was deeply moved. 

"Meyer," he said, "you are the most honorable Jew I have 
heard of. Keep my money, and continue to operate with it. 
From to-day for two years, I want no return of it, and only 
two per cent, interest." 

And thus Rothschild became a milhonaire. 



"CTSEZPUXj £'.EI?.'VJ^nsrTS. 



TilK F>(.|uimaux dog, which is found, with very little variation 
in shajie, size, or color, on both sidesof Behring's Straits, 
is in many respects, to the settled tribes inhabiting those 
districts, what the reindeer is to the Laplander, and th(^ camel 
to the Arab. Though treated very indifferently, these useful 
animals are ab.solutely essential to the existeuce of these semi- 
barbarous tribes. The great distance of the settlements oir5 
from the other, and the absence of any means of intercommu- 
nicatiiui in summer, make each village dependent on its own 
resources, and prevents any mutual sujiport and assistance. 
Should the winter he extra .severe, a famine often sets in, and 
these improvident people never think of stirring until the last 
dried fish in store has been devoured; so that their only hope 
lies in their d.ig-tcams, whicli are often called upon to com- 
mence a journey of one hundred and fifty or two hundred miles 
over deep snow in .search of some friendly tribe of wandering 
Koraks, having been on scanty rations perhaps for a week or 
fortnitiht iireviou.sly. During thj.sc toilsome journeys, the 
natives are often compelled to travel all night as well as all 
day, and they have a practice of deluding the dogs into the 
belief that they have slept all night by allowing (hem to stnii 
and sleep an hour or so before sunrise, when they awake them 
to continue their weari-some journey. This deception genei-ally 
aii-wers, and the animals resume their labors with renewed 
cheerfulness and energy. The sacrifice of these dogs is con- 
sidered by the natives as tlie surest method of appeasing the 
anger of the evil spirits; and sometimes twenty or thirty of 
them may be seen su.-^peuded by the hind legs on long poles 
over a single encampment. Altogctlicr they are ill-usi^d 
animals; and if they could reasun, tli^' hard-worlc'iig (ireatures 
might come to the sad conclusion thai, merit is mMoui ajijirc- 
ciated in this low:!r world. 



Am educated and nicely cultivated mind, in any work of 
utility and general benevolence, will be productive of more 
good than an uncdu. ated and undisciplined mind under the 
same, or .similar circumstances, just as well as a cultivated 
garden, undin- the same genial and sniumary intiucnccs, will be 
more fertile than a rude, uncultured heath. The oiu^ will bear 
flowers, and fruits, the other only thistles and useless weeds 





306 



J-U^:Hll<i'XX^:Hl IIDTSTi^TJOTOI?.. 




Wh^ jfttucnil^ |[n?$trttd0t[. 



0£ORG£ Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



SATUKDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1875. 





EI3ITOE.I.A.XJ THOTJG-SITS- 

(f'^^^^^^^l ^^''^ present nuiiiber closes the Tenth 
rv/iTaSB^r^ voKime of the iNsTurrroR. With our 
next imtiiber we shall enter upon the 
evonth year of its publieation. The 
experience of the )];ist ten j'ears has tend, 
cd to strengthen the conviction which we 
had before the coinmenceuient of its pub' 
ication of the necessity for such a medium 
as the Jt'VENir.K Instrictou. through 
which the children of the Latter-day Saints 
lould be taught in the principles of their relig- 
ion, trained in their duties of Ii1e. and instructed 
in that manner which is calculated to develop 
in them all those noble (|ualities which should 
characterize the Saintsof God. That the lN'STRi'(Tf)R 
has succeeded in accomplishing this object to a great 
extent we have abundant proof in the testimony of 
its many friends who have observed closely the effect 
of its influence upon those of the rising generation who luive 
had access to its instructions. Its publication is no less a matter 
of neces.sitv at the present time that it was ten years ago; in 
fait its field of usefulness is continually increasing. There are 
more children in the Territory at the present time to instruct; 
the taste for reading among the young has been cultivated; 
and they have facilities for obtaining reading matter at the 
present time which they did not have a few years ago; and, 
uot only that class of reading viiatter which is calculated to do 
them good, but also that class wluLdi the children are better 
withijut. And this very fact renders it more necessary that the 
I.N'STiireTini should be published, and that the young should 
have access to it, that it may counteract the impression left on 
their minds by the chance peru.sal of that worse class of liter- 
ature which is scattered so profusely throuirhout the civilized 
world, the tendencv of which is to lead people to form incorrect 
ideas of people and things in the world, and to destroy their 
memories and unlit them for eng;;ging in any serious or useful 
study or p\u-,~uit. and in many ca.ses -to corrupt the morals of 
of those who indulge in such reading. (Jur aim has not been 
to panier to the popular taste, when that taste has not teen 
strictly in accordance with the spirit and doctrines of our 
religion, but to create a taste in literary matters that would 
harmonize with our religion. We have endeavored to meet 
what we have considered to be the wants of true Latter-day 
Saints in the quahty, (piantity and style of the matter which 
we have furnished our readers, as it is for them it is published, 
and we do n:jt care to suit the tastes of those who are not of 
our faith. 

We have made improvements in the paper as fast as the 
support we have received has enabled us to do so, and shall con- 
tinue so to do. We hope to be able to make the volume upon 
w h c'.i we are about to commence more interesting and instruct- 
ive than any previous volume has been. We have for over 
two years published music occasionally, to encourage the culti- 
v.ition of the musical talent in this Territory: the result has 
been so encouraging that we have decided to publish, if pos- 
blc, a song with music in every number of the coming volume, 



which, oi' course, will make the Lnstrcctkk more than usuallj 
attractive. 

We expectalso to puljjish biographical and historical sketches, 
and interesting incidents from the experience of a number of 
our Elders while engaged in missionary labors, which will have 
a tendency to strengthen the faith of the young and implant 
within them a dispo.sition to defend the principles of our relig- 
ion, and rely upon the providences of God. 

We will continue to publLsh sketches form the pens of tho.se 
contributers whose attractive articles have appeared from time 
to time in our columns in the pa.st, prominent among whom 
stands Brother (Jeo. M. Ottine;er, whose "Boy's A'oyage Around 
the World" so delighted our young readers; and whose "Old 
America ' which hasrun through A'olunie Ten, is characterized 
by deep study and extensive research on the part of the author, 
and the future chapters of which, as they shall appear in 
\'olume Eleven will establish the divine authenticity of the 
Book of Mormon fiom secular historv and the evidences that 
exist at the [iresent time of the former inhabitants ot this 
continent. We may al.so mention Professor . I. L. Barfoot as 
another such, whose .simple yet instructive scientific articles 
and descriptive stories have graced our columns fir so many 
years past. 

In addition to all those who.se pa.^t writings are well known 
to our readers, we have the promise of articles from a number 
of authors of intelligence and experience, which will include 
a variety of styles and subjects. 

'We expect to keep our readers posted in regard to the inter- 
esting movements that are now taking place among the abor- 
igines of this continent, and the manifestations they are con- 
stiintly receiving that the predictions made to their forefathers 
concerning them are about to be realized; also sketches from 
the Elders who are laboring among the Indians on any matters 
of intin-est connected with their missionary movements. 

In the first number of Volume Eleven will be commenced a 
serial by Brother C. 11. Savage entitled "Running Away from 
Home," from his personal experience, which will be full of 
interesting incidents and contain an excellent moral, which, 
written in his racy, graphic style cannot fail to be atti active 
and instructive to young and old. 

AVe shall also in our next number commence a .serial from 
"Hugh Knough" in which that interesting writer will take his 
readers on an imaginary voyage down the Pacific, calling at 
Honolulu, the Fiji Islands, XcwZealand. and Australia; anlhome 
again by way of the Atlantic, calling at St. Helena, the Gold 
Coast, Gibraltar and old England, all of which points with 
their varied natural curiosities and wonders have become fam- 
iliar to him in the course of his extensive travels and close 
observation. 

These are but a few of the attractions which we have to offer 
our readers during the volume which is about to commence. 
We shall not enumerate others, as we prefer to surprise our 
readers by furnishing them something better than they expect 
to raising their expectation with a fanciful programme, and 
then failing to accomi)Iish all we promise; on the principle that 
a good dinner furnished on a poor bill of fare is inflbitely more 
satisfying to the stomach than unpalatable edibles furni.shed 
on a pretentious bill of fare. 

In conclusion we will again urge our patrons, and especially 
our friends who are kindly assisting in the work of canva.ssing 
for sub.scribers for the Ixstiu'Ctor. to lose no time in renewing 
their sub.scriptions or forwarding the list of new subscribers, as 
a short delay may prevent them from obtaining the first num- 
bers of the volume and thereby render their files incomplete 
for bindinff. 





CTTJ'V^EIsriLE XnsrSTI?.TJCTOI^. 



307 




nv 




iiHtnwi, 



BY BETH. 



THE STOltK. 

rPiiK Stork. iscoiiiiHoii in many jtarts of Europe, whither it 



T' 




emigrates yearly from its winter (luarters in Africa, makes 
its nest and rears its young. In most countries it is rigidly 
lirot«cted by common eon.sent. partly on account of the service 
which it renders in the destruction of noisome reptiles and 
unpleasant offal, and partly because it is surrounded with a 
kindofhald of romantic traditions handed down from time 
immemorial to successive generations. The Stork is not slow 
in talking advantage of its jio.^ition, and attaches itself to man 
:ind his habitations, building its huge nest on the tup of his 
liouse, and walking about in his streets as lamiliarly as if it had 
made them. 

It esi)eciallv parades about the fish markets., where it finds 
no lack of subsistence in the offal; and in Holland, where it is 
very common, it does good service by destroying the frogs ami 
other reptiles, which would be likely to becouie a public luiisance, 
un'ess kept down bv the powerful aid (d'this bud. 

There are many varieties of Stork, the one represented in 

the ]iicture being called 
the White Stork. There 
is also a pouched variety 
iound in tropical region-; 
of Africa. These birds 
are very tall, six feet 
high as they stand, and 
seven when the neck is 
fully erect. They are 
popularly known as ad- 
jutants. 

The beautiful plumes 
known as marabaut< 
are obtained from under 
the wings of these birds- 
The Storks belong to 
the same general order 
of birds as the cranes 
the grallatorcs, or waders. 
THK WIIJ) (K)OSE. 
The name of Barnacle (ioose is given to this bird, becau.^e 
the old voyagerr thought that it was produced from the 
common barnacle s1m:-11; and this notion had taken so strong a 
hold of their minds, that they published several engravings 
representing the bird in various stages of its transformation. 
The Barnacle Goose generally assembles in large flocks, and 
haunts large salt-marshes near the coast, and feeds on grasses 
andvaiiousalg;e. It is a very wary bird and not easily ap. 
juoached. The eggs of this species are large and white. The 
ttesh is considered good. The bill of the Barnacle (loose is 
black, with a reddish streak on each side. The cheeks and 
throat are white, and a black streak runs from the beak to the 
eye- the ui>per parts arc boldly marked with black and white, 
and the lower parts are white. It is rather a small bird, the 
total length barelv exceeding two feet. 

The Barnacle Goose of Europe as represented in our picture 
is not (luite so large as the wild goose of North America. 
This bird is migratory, it spends the winter in warmer regions 
ind in spring moves northward in large flocks. They breed 




the heron 




it is said at the north and when wintei' comes and the lakes 
and streams begin to be frozen over they instinctively collect 
together and commence their journey southward. We may form 
some idea of the immense number of them gathered together 
in the feeding grounds of Arizona and California from the 
fact that J >r. Ileerman mentions their flight as having occupied 
two hours over one point. He says, "As far as the eye could 

reach the sky was sjiotted with 
flock after flock, following close- 
ly in each other's wake, till it 
.■^eemed as if all the geese of 
California had come to rendez- 
vous at this particular point." 
Travelers across the jirairies 
have also noticed immense 
flocks of these birds on their 
journeys both north and south. 

THE COCK OF THE WOODS. 

Although once a common inhabitant of the highland districts 
of (ireat Britain, the Capercailzie has now been almost wholly 
extinct for .some years, a straggling specimen being occasionally 
seen in Scotland, and shot "for the benefit of science." 

This bird is also known by the name of Cock of the Woods. 
It is now most frequently fonmi in the northern part.-; of Europe, 
Norway, and Sweden From tlio^c countries it is largely 
imported into England by the game-dealers. The Capercailzie 
is celebrated not only for its flesli, but for its singula)' habits. 
The C ick of tlu: Wood of Europe and the Aiiicii;an Sage 
Cock are very ,-iuiilar. both be- 
loiigiiiL' to the grouse family. 
Our "rge hen"' is very much ad- 
mired. The iiinle liii- I is about 
two feet and a half in leiiL'th, the 
hen rather u'ider two feet. The 
male is remarkable for a singular 
a|ipeu(lnge to the neck, somewhat 
resembling a ruff. A verj- hand- 
some .set of specimens of this bird 
were set up by Brother Allen, of 
Coalville, in 1S(J'.) and placed in the 
Deseret Jluseum. 




An'HI.m, S-^ii.\i'[T\ .— We are indebted to a corresi)ondent, 
on who--*e veracity wecanplaee iierfeet reliance, for the following 
extraordinary anecdote of sagacity in an animal which we do 
not remember to have figure<I in stories of thiskind. Watching 
the motions of a pair of l>eautiful ducks on the Tliames, sud- 
denly one of them liegan to make a strange noise, and evidently 
appeared to be in distress, in consequence of something entang- 
ling its feet under the water— probably weeds, which rise at 
this season towards tlie surface. Its mate immediately swam 
to it rapidly, and betrayed singular symptoms of alarm and 
sympathy. To extricate it seemed impossible, but it was not 
,s"o tJ an affectionate diu/c : opening its bill to the widest extent, 
itlaid holdof theneckof itscompanion, and by a vigorous plunge 
forward launched it once more upon the clear stream. 



<» 



TiiK. Itiiiirr WiFK.— Young men, look (uit for one distin- 
guished by her attention and sweetness to her parents. The 
fund of worth and affection indicated by such behavior, joined 
to the habits of duty and consideration thereby contracted, 
being transferred to the marriage .state, will not fail to render 
her a mild and agreeabU^ comiiaiiion. 




30B 



JTJVET^Xn:.-^ XITSTK/UOTOi^. 







BY JOHN HOWARD. 



THE Christmas of 185'.) I spunt on the west coast of Africa 
on board of one of Ilei Majesty's cruisers, stationed for 
the pujipression of the shive trade and the protection ot the 
interests o\' the I'^nglish and American traders. 

We had come to an am-lior two days before the 2.')th, and 
great were the prejtarations for laying in a bountiful supply of 
"good cheer." 

As is the usual custom when a vessel comes to anchor on 
that coa.st, a whole fleet of canoes surrounded the ship, contain- 
ing goats, sheep, chickens, yams, sweet potatoes, bananas and 
a variety of tropical fruit, which were eagerly bought by the 
jolly tars and marines. 

To understand matters better, let us take a walk around the 
lower (leek and get an insight into the sea-life of a sailor in 
the culinary department. We will go down the fore hatch 
and have a look. Having de.scended to the deck, the first 
thing that strikes the eye (as well as the nose) is the galley, 
where the ship's cook presides, with his assistants, who cook 
for the ship's company. Ou each side of the galley you .see 
the officers' cooks, with .sleeves rolled up, preparing food for 
the cabin, ward-room, gun-room and engineers' me.ss, who 
also cook for the warrant officers or any others who will pay 
them for it. What is that just behind the galley, extending 
from the upper to the lower deck, and made of iron? It is the 
funnel casing, and al):ift that is the engine room. We are at 
anchor now, so the fires are out or banked, and the engine 
motionless. 

Now let us walk forward and take a view of the sides of the 
ship. You see long tables ranged from the .sides to the mid- 
dle of the ship, suspended by hinges or hooks at the sides and 
an iron arch, witli a ro 1 fastened to the upper der-k and hooked 
into the arch. The side you will observe is divided into small 
spaces containing .-helves, on which the sailors arrange their 
plates and basins. T.) prevent (he itlates from being broken, 
tliey are placed on edge Ijcliiiid a strii.) of wood that runs the 
length of the shelf and about the middle of the plate. Over 
head, in the pigeon holes, the men keep their ditty bags or 
boxes. On each side of ihe table there is a ber.ch for the men 
to sit on. and underneath the water barraco at the end of the 
bread barge, hanging to the crawfoot, is the grog monkey. 

There are from twenty to twenty five men to a mess, with a 
caterer who is a sort of treasurer, keeping the mess fund, and 
accounts of the savings and purchases; for you must know 
that the government buys fV.ou the men the provi.sions they 
don't need, on account of their purchasing articles from shore. 

We will proceed on deck again and watch the maneuvering 
of the old salts as they bargiin for the various articles they 
need; and as neither party uuder.-tands the other's langniigo, 
it is interesting as well as jolly fun to waich their motions in 
trading. 

Hallo, just lodk at tha, sailor coining over the gangway. T 
declare, he has a small pig, which he passes to his messmate 
on deck. ])own he goes again, and up come half a dozen 
chickens; and ag.iin he disappears to the canoe alongside, and 
a wash- deck bucket is lowered to him, and now he appears 
with a broad grin spreading his fae and a good lot of tropical 
fruit in the bucket for liis mess. 

Let us look down at th.' canoes alongside, and watch the 
motions of each party. There's Corporal Reed, of the ma- 
rines' mess, a real good fellow; he is trying to bargain with a 



native for a goat. The negro, who is as black as coal, with a 
lower lip you could scrub a hammock on, is gesticulating like a 
patomimist. The marine first offers a knife: the negro shakes 
his h^ad; next, a half of a black silk handkerchief: the old 
man shows his teeth and his face expands with a grin which 
gives one the impression that his throat is cut or his head half 
off. It seems that old silk handkerchief has settled the trade, 
for Reed is marching up the side with his struggling goat. 

Let us take a walk around the deck, and view the slaughter- 
ing of the pigs, goats, chickens, etc. Just look along the 
spare spars at the quantity of carca.ses hanging up. There is 
"a feast of fat things" for the jolly tars preparing. 

What is the cau.so of that laughing on the port side? Heave 
ahead, boys, and let us take a survey. There is Senior, an 
old salt, making frantic efforts to overhaul a goat, that is as 
frisky as if on a lawn. The seaman makes a grab, and the 
goat gives a butt, and down goes the captain of the hold. At 
last he succeeds in capturing the chase, and the goat is sacri- 
ficed to the .--hrine of Neptune for dinner to-morrow. 

What is Ftockbridge doing there? lie has a pig corraled 
between two guns; and look at his man(euvers"to catch it. It 
is evident he is not a pork raiser. He makes a dash at the 
pig's hind legs. The craft with the long nose puts about ship 
and brings his head to the wind, capsizing the old salt on his 
beam-ends. And now to capture the fugitive, who has taken 
a spin aft, with half-a-dozen tars in pursuit, with belaying pins 
in their hands to convince his pigship of the error of his way.s, 
in the event of capture. The chase has made all sail to effect 
itse5cape, and for a time it eludes its pursuers. In iti passage 
around the deck it upsets tubs and knocks down old salts like 
so many ten pins. Old Bill Biddlecome stands by, hand spike 
in hand, to bring his majesty to. Just look at the pig dodging 
the blows of the sailors; and now it makes a dash at old Bill's 
legs, causing him to out-do a profes^ionnl acrohat in his efforts 
to maintain an upright position. The pig, finding it too hot 
for him, takes refu^'e in the bows against the bowsprit, and is 
finally captured, killed and prepared for the Christmas dinner. 
And what an array of good cheer for the rough old tars who 
are thousands of miles away from home, but who have En- 
glish h 'arts and ^^ustoms wherever they gol 

At ''eight bells" in the first watch the watch on deck rings 
the ship's bell, and arouses all hands, which gives us to under- 
stand that Christmas has arrive-h 

vSeveral old salts now get togi'ther and sing some Christmas 
carol, which they have learned in their childhood days, mest 
likely beside that lieing whom sailors hold in greatest rever- 
ence — their mother — whose influence for good or evil clings 
to them throughout their mortal career. 

Many a time have T sat on a side tackle fill on one 
side of a gun and listened to the yarns spun by old tavs on the 
other side — tales of their childbood da.vs, and of the pywll(jnce 
of their respective mothers. Sure'y it is th? morh'"s who 
stamp the coin of character on the rising generation. Mothers 
in Israel, cast around \'o:ir sons that heavenly influence in 
their childhood which may beget that divine love of a son for 
his mother, and which will be a safeguard t-o them in the 
meanderings of after life, and a stay to resist temptation. 

However, daylight is fast apiiroaching, and the ship is alive 
with the sailors preparing for their dinn'r. The cooks of 
mes.ses have taken yams, sea-pies, etc., to "Mac" to boil, 
while the ovens are crowded with the good things prepared 
yesterday. Full range is given up to theoi for a few hours, 
and even officers for once take a back seat till England's 
defenders cook their Christmas dinner. 



^ 




arTJ"^EisriiL>E] insrsTi?.TJO'roi?.. 



309 




<^' 



\\ 



Greetings of "A merry Christmas aud a happy New Year" 
are frequent, and even the "black-list" men are not debancj 
the jollity of thc.oroasion, l>nt all on bnard are allowed to join 
in the eelebration of the common holiday of Christendom. 

Dinner over, the boatswain's mate pipes to grog. Then the 
cooks of messes come tumbling aft to get the allowance for 
thi'ir messes. After stowing away their grog, several of the 
pett}' officers and leading sailors pay their respects to the 
oai)t,ain and officers, who on such an occasion fs this, dei)art 
from strict discipline and ask their comrades to "trim their 
bowlights" by taking a drink. Such a course indulged in 
once a year promotes a hotter feeling botween officers and men. 

Some of the men, in the afternoon, feeling jolly after grog 
time, dress up in citi/.ens' clothes, some as women, and give 
a perrornianco of some kind, while others sing songs, the 
fiddler and other musician-^ ac<_^onip.\nying. After supper, 
everything being nia-le -er-'ire for the night, and the men 
hiving changed iheir clothl.ig, they congregate on the fore- 
castle and eiij i>y themsehes in tlij dance. 

At nine o'clock the a. vh>r wiiich is set, the lights are put 
out, and the old salt torn-; in to ili-eim of the loved ones at 
home. 



n^vdlY IPIR-S'I? ZD^vY'S 'W-OR.IC. 



liV V, \V. Illl.L. 




^Jo\v my little readers, you may think from the reading of 
\ the above caption that what I am going to tell you is 
something that U'auspired a great while ago; but I do not 
mean the first day's work I ever did in my liie, but the first 
day's work that I did on my present mission. The Indians 
from down the Tlum'ooldf, Irom Battle Mountain, Carlin, 
Wiuuemucca and all throvigh that .-.ectiou of country for two 
years had tieen begging uie to come to their country and [ireach 
to them; tliey were visiting me almost continually, and with 
all the chiefs that came it was the same story: "Come and 
preach to us, and teach us how to farm and how to live as 
white people do." 

Well, things were in this condition when in the latter part 
of April, ^x'i'i. I was called to thi-; ministry. About the first 
of May thi; chiefs of a iiand i Ic t were encamped on Bear 
River, abiiut twelve miles a!:0' •.■ Corinne, j.iaid me a vi,-it. 
During our talk they invited me to come out to (heir camp 
and preach to tboui. I promised to do so, but told them I 
did not know wh.it day I coidil come, as I was in the cmjiloy 
of the railroad conip: ny :it th.' time and did not know wlcn 1 
could get away, bnr vro'.i'.d i-imjc as soon as I could. With 
this promise they went home. 

Getting leave of absence for one nicht, on the .5th of ^Tay, 
I'^T;-!, at eight o'clock in the morning. I got a'joard of a C. P. 
freight train and went as far as Corinne, where I left the train 
and started on foot acro-< the prairie, a distance of some twelve 
miles, to the camp. I had not proceeded more than one mile 
when I met an old Indian named Tig-we-tick-er, who came up 
laughing, and said Ti-guitch, their chief had told them as 
soon as he got up that mornincr that ■'Ink-a-pompy," as they 
call me, was coming to see them that day, and that they must 
clean up and all .stay at Ik .me, as I was going to preach to 
them. He also told them that I was coming on foot, and 
wondered why I did not come with my mules aud wagon, as he 
thought 1 was getting too nld to walk so far. The old Indian 
said he was going to Corinne to buy a beef head, as he had 
thing to eat; he gave me directions to camp, and said he 



would hurry back, so went on. About three miles farthei- on 
I met Po-pe-ah and another young Indian going to Corinne 
on the same business as the old man. They came up laughing 
and told me the same story that the old man had told me, and 
also said that they would hurry back to meeting. I went on 
pondering these things over in my mind and asked myself 
how it was that the old chief could tell so correctly the time 
T would arrive. It seemed it was done to convince me that 
the time had come for the work to commence among them; 
but still it was a mystery to me how he could see me and tell 
the time of day I would arrive, and how I looked and traveled 
and that, too, correctly. I was thinking of this when lo and 
behold, I met the chief coming to bring me a horse to ride to 
camp. This satisfied me that Father had something to do 
with it; so I resigned myself into His hands and said: "Father 
thy will be done," believing that these things were done to 
satisfy me that the time had come for His work to commence 
among the Indians. 

When we arrived in camp the Indi ins (vime tegsthcr in a 
few minutes, aud I preached to them, even astonishing myself 
Afier meeting we repaired to the water, and I baptized and 
confirmed one hundred and two of the Indians. After confir- 
mation, T talked to them awhile in regard to their duties as 
the spirit seemed to direct, when I bade them adieu and 
retu-'ned lo Corinne in time for the C. P. train, and arrived at 
f)gden at half {> ist one o'c'ojk the .same nigh'^, having rode on 
the freight train over fifty miles, walked twenty-four miles, 
ine.iched to, baptized and confirmed upwards of one hundred 
person.'. 

As I had not .slept any the night before and did not e.xpect 
to the next, I th night it was time for me to go to bed and get 
a nap, which I felt th.it I needed. In my next I will probably 
give you an account of a vision one of my old accjuaintances, a 
Bannock Indian had this last Fall; I may also give you an 
account of some other visions, as well as some old traditions 
not known by everybody. If I thought it would not be 
Wjurisome to you, I might give you a go id many reii i iscer.ees 
of the Indians. 



Alw.ws too L.VfE. — Sauie people are always too late, and 
therefore accompli.>h through life nothing worth naming. If 
they promise to meet you at such an hour, they are never 
present until tliirty minute^ after. No matter how important 
the business is cither to your.^elf or to them, they are just as 
tardj'. If one of this class is to take pas.sage by .steamer or 
railway, he arrives just as the boat has left the wharf, or the 
train the stalinn. His dinner ha.s been waiting ibr him so ' 
long that the cook is out of patience. This course, the char- 
acter we have described always pur.-ues. He is nc'ver in time 
at church, at his place of bu>iness, at liis meals, or in his bed. 
Persons of such habits, wo cannot but despise. Always start 
in time, and he ready at the appointed hour. ^Ve would not 
give a fig for a man who is not punctual to his engagements, 
and who never makes up his mind to a certain course till the 
time is lost. Those who hang back, hesitate, and tremble — 
who are never at band for a journey, to meet an appointment 
for business, or anything else — are pour sloths, and are not 
calculated to succeed in business or get a living in this world. 



■g .>. . -.3^- • -*"^^ 



Ma.nkinii are not like grains ot wheat — all to be ground 
down by the same pre.'^sure. Some minds will be hardened by 
the force which others yield to, and some spirits will be broken 
by what is only a wholesome corrective to others. 





jr-cr-vE:tTii-.E insrsTi^TJOTOi?.. 




i0vlt§ ^hnni ^Itali,. 



BV J. L. BARFOOT. 




OUK COAL BP]I)S. 

"ITTkuer ^"alk'.y, the Boar liiver and Bitter Creek districts 
V » are the chief sources of our coal supply; other coal beds, 
hiiwever, "down south.'' are comniandinn our attention: eoke- 
makiug coal is bomg discovered and worked which will be 
highly advantageous to us as a peojde, as it will enable us to 
manufocture iron — one of the most important industries of 
the age. 

Wfber Valley is a gap in the great \Yasateh range of moun- 
tains. In that valley many very valuable coal beds are situa- 
ted; the coal cro])s out from rocks that at one time were con- 
tinuous, but they have been cut through by natural agencies 
that are still operating, namely, tho.se of water — rain and 
rivers; atmospheric influences — wind, change of temperature 
anil chemical action. This valley is .said to be caused by 
"erosion," that is, being eaten or worn away liy natural causes, 
such as tho.se mentioned. We who live in the.se valleys have 
a good opi>ortunity of seeing the geological changes that are 
wrought by water, at times when torrents of rain bring down 
immense quantities of materid from the mountains and cover 
up our fields. Those of our youth who are ob.servant can also 
see what has been done by such means in the past. 

Now, this gap in the Wasatch in which Weber Valley is 
situated, and whore many o1 our most valuable coal deposits 
are found Iraslieen carved out by the river which flows through 
it: and it is found that these coal beds are i)art of an extensive 
system of de]io.sits Not all deposited at one time, but by a 
siicees.sion of efforts, by which the coal has been buried up 
.ju,*t as peat beds and snbn-ierged forests are buried up to day. 

As a general thing the lower locks of all formations are the 
oldest, that is, they wer" deposited first and the others were 
depo.sited upon them; rucks thus formed are .said to be "con- 
fnrm.able. " If there were no distuibing forces to cause a 
breakiuL' up i>f the.se deposits they would all be ci^nformable 
anil forever remain .so. 

i!ut observation estaVili.-hcs the fact that there have been 
disturbing forces operating fnuu beneath; and, although all 
^clliule^tary rocks were deiii>,~ittd in horizontal layers, cr in 
parallel layers of a slight inclination when formed on the slopes 
of liver berls, lake beaches and the sides of the ocean, they have 
been thrust out of level, broken up, distorted and folded up by 
volcanic uphe«vals and kindred forces. The young student 
ot nature may .see abundant evidences of these phenomena 
in iiur coal beds, and careful observation will enable correct 
cunclu.iions to be arrived at as to the order in which rooks have 
been depo.sited by remembering that the folded coal beds were 
originally deposited in i)arallel layers that were horizontal; and 
they were folded before the rock.- overlaying them were depos- 
ited — the lower rocks, formed first. 

Tliis gives us the ■■common sense" explanation of the nature 
of operations sub.sciiuent to the formation ot the coal: it was 
covered by water: in the water the horizontal rock beds were 
deposited. Afterwards the water was drained oft'; mo.st of 
the water was fresh, for the fossils found in the rock deiiosited 
are fresh water .shells. Of course it took a long time to bring 
all this about; nature is .slow but sure in oiieiations of that 
kind. Our lake is now being filled up, a time will inevitably 

me whi-n the sedimentary deposits of the Jordan, Weber. 



Bear river and other affluents will have filled up that basin, 
but we can conceive of it being a very, very long time. 

Careful examination has been made by scientific men to 
determine the order of deposits of our coal beds and briefly 
we mav tell the results of careful observations. 

1st. Our Weber coal beds were formed long after the great coal 
measures of the Appalachian and eastern coal fields. 

2nd. After they were formed they were buried beneath a 
va-t fresh water lake. 

.■^rd. Shortly after the volcanic period this lake was drained. 

4th. After this, rivers began to carve their way over the 
surface and in doing so a vast amount of the material that had 
been depo.sited in the lake was removed to lower levels. 

This kind of action is the '"erosion" alluded to by which the 
undulating folds of the coal rocks were laid bare, and not only 
are we enabled to know where the fuel is to make us warm 
but we are enabled to get at it. 



THiE ^i?.T o:f i=i^iiTi:insrc3-. 



Bi' R.iLl.O. 



CONCLUSION. 

H.VVING sketched for the e:itertainmentof ihe readers of the 
iNSTRlifTOR a series of articles on the "Art of Printing," 
I will now conclude the series by the following description of 
the routine of a printing ofiice: 

About 12 clock, noon, and sometimes earlier, the compos- 
itors en a morning paper may be observed diligently at work 
filling their cases or "distributing" for the ensuing night's 
work. The "copy" for the paper having been prepared some 
time previous, it is hung on hooks labelled "Morning Tele- 
grams," "Editorials," "Locals," etc., the telegraphic dis- 
patches of that morning being placed on their respective hook, 
as is also the case with the editorials, locals, etc. In most 
printing offices there is what is called a "chapel," the members 
of the office associating themselves together and making rules 
and rsgulations to be governed by, and to punish such offenses 
as ".soldiering," or trying to avoid objectionable copy, skipping 
a "take," etc. The clerk of the chapel having called "time," 
each compositor takes a piece of cojty from the hook and pro- 
ceeds to work. When his composing stick is filled, he lifts the 
"matter" out and places it on a "galley." He then [mts his 
".slug" to it, and as soon as the "take" is fini.shed he proceeds 
to the hook and takes another jiicc*. It often happens that 
each compositor has only a small piece of the article he is 
employed on, and five or six compositors ni:ii- be at work on 
one article, even though it may not be over half a column in 
length. When one or two ol' the galleys are filled impressions 
are taken of them on a jiroof-pri-'ss, one copj' for the proof- 
reader to read, and the other t.ibe cut up mid yiasted by the 
compo.sitor to see how many thou-and "ems " he basset daring 
the night, and so that the foreman may enter it on the com- 
po.sition book. The proofs that go to the proof-reader are sent 
up to the composing niom as soon as they are read, and the 
compositors make the necessary corrections; when the matter 
is pa.ssed over to the Ibreman of the office, by whom it is lifted 
from the galleys, and, when a sufficient quantity of matter is 
set to fill the fir.st forms, is lifted into them, the columns justi- 
fied, the forms locked up tignt and lowered in a box to the 
press-room (which is generally situated in the bafHjnient of the 
buildingi. Here they are transferred from the box in which 
they were lowered to the press. One .sheet is printed, which 
the foreman of the press-room glances over to sec if it is a 





CTTJ^HJlsrirjE in^STI^TJCTOI^ 



311 




right; the steam is then started and the press goes dashing 
away with all its might. We will now leave them and return 
to the composing room. 

About 11 p. m. there is a lull in the work for half an hour, 
and the compositors take their supper, when they resume 
work and keep on until their work is done. Their hour of 
leaving varii^s from one o'clock to four, it all depends on the 
length of the midnight dispatches. But as a general thing o 
a. m. will see the tired-out typos descending the .stairs and 
scattering off to their various places of abode. 

The following brief description of the New York 'fn'biaie 
office in 1S72, I glean from ''The Life of Horace Greeley;" 
"The press-room is a large, low, cellar-like apartment, i no iled, 
whitewashed, inky and unclean, with a large folding-table in 
the centre; tall heaps of dampened paper lying all around, a 
gently-running steam engine of nine-horse power on one side, 
twenty-five inkj- men and boys variously employed, and the 
whole lighted up with brilliant jets of gas, numerous and flar- 
ing. On one side is a kind of desk or pulpit, surrounded by 
an irou railing, in which the night-clerk stands and serves out 
the papers to the newsboys, who pay for them on <lelivery. In 
another part of the room twelve or fifteen boys are folding 
papers for the early mails, and folding them at the rate of 
thirty per minute." It is averred that a boy in that press- 
room has folded .sixty per minute; but I would not like t-o 
vouch for the truth of the assertion, as each paper has to bj 
folded six times, and then laid evenly on the pile. It is quite 
probable that thirty is an exaggeration. The huge presses, 
which shed six printed leaves at a stroke, are in the deep 
vaults which adjoin the press-room. They are motionless now 
and men with blue shirts and diity faces are hoisting out the 
forms which have stamped their story on thirty thousand 
sheets 

The composing room of the TriLnm is the most complete, 
convenient and agreeable one in the country. It is very spa- 
cious, nearly .square, and is lighted by windows on both sides, 
and by skylights from above. It presents an amjile expanse o' 
type fonts, gas jets with brown ii-aiier shades over them, long 
tables covered with columns of bright, copper-ficed type, 
either "dead" or waiting its turn for publication, and whatever 
else appertains to the composing department of a newsjiaper. 
Stuffed into corners and interstices are aprons and .slippers in 
endless variety. Forty compositors are employed in the com- 
posing room, and these are divided into "phalanxes" of ten 
men each. At night when the copy begins to ".slack up" that 
is, when the work of the night approaches completion, one 
lihalaux is dismissed; then another; then another; then the 
last; and the one that leaves first at night comes first in the 
morning, and so on. The man who left work at eleven o'clock 
at night must be in the office again at nine in the morning to 
distribute and .set up type for the evening edition of the paper. 
The second phalanx begins work at two, the third at five, and 
at seven the whole company must be at their posts; for at that 
time the work of the night begins in earnest. 

One number of the New York Tr'dnine, if it were |irintcd in 
the form of a book, with liberal tyi>c and spacing, would make a 
duodecimo volume of 4(l(i pages. Each number is the result 
of 2011 days' work, or the result of one day's work for liUO men, 
and it is sold to carriers and newsboys for one cent and a half. 

Printers are suiiposed by some to be the personification of 
everything that is mean or wicked; and often unjustly ,so, 
becau.se one must allow for "black shee)." in every flock. But 
take the average resident comjiositor. and he will comiiare 
favorably with per.-ons of any other profession. It is the 




t.uvc.iug pimc^,r, or 'trump, as 



he is iiiurc fam-iiu-y ..•a.-cJ, 



that has brought the craft into disrepute. A "tramp" perhaps 
may come to Salt Lake, and if he can obtain emplcyment he 
will work perhaps for a coujjle of weeks, when off he goes to 
fresh fields and pastures new, leaving his washerwoman, land- 
lord, and perhaps tailor to mourn his loss. As a rule the 
"tramp" is a "tough cu.stomer. " 
The following is taken from the "American Printer;" 

TnE .St>NG OF THE PUINTER. 



Pick and click 

Gofcs the type in tlie stick, 
A? the printer stands at his ca^e ; 
1U^ eyes .glance quiclc, and his lingers pick 

The ty])e at a rapid pace; 
And one by one as the letter.s go, 
Words are piled up steady and slow — 

Steadj- and alow, 

But still they grow, 
AnA wurds of lire they soon will glow ; 
Wonderful word?, that without a sound 
Traverse the earth to \tt, utmost bound ; 

Words that shall make 

The tj-rant quake, 
' nd the fetters of the oppress'd shall hreak ; 
Words that can crumble an army's might, 
Or treble its strength in a righteous tight. 
Yet the type they look but leaden and dumb. 
As he pu's them in place with finger and thurub ; 

l.ut the printer smiles, 

And his work beguiles 
My chanting a song as the Iptters he piles, 

With pick and click, 
Like the world's chronometer, tick ! tick ! tick ! 

O, where is the man with such sinijile tools 

( «n govern the world as I 'i 
With a printing press, an iron stick, 

And a little leaden die, 
With paper of whiie, and ink of black, 
I suppui-t the Right, and the Wrong attack. 

Say, where is he, or who mav he be, 

That can rival the printer's power? 

To no monarrhs that live the wall doth he give : 
Their sway lasts only au hour ; 

While the printer still grows, and Cod only knows 
When his might shall cease to tower ( 



■'Ct'TTIN(i A Dllxi." — This is a phra.-e older than people 
imagine. Do you call to mind the story of Dido, princess of 
Tyre'? Her husband, Acerbas, priest orllerenles, was murdered 
for his wealth by King Pygmalion, brother to l>ido. The 
widowed princess succeeded so well in hidiiig her sorrow that 
she was snabled to escai)e from Tyre, bearing with her the 
wealth of her husband, and accompanied bv a number of 
di.saffected nobles. 

After a variety »f adventures, they landed upon the coast of 
Africa, where Dido bargained with the natives for as mucii 
land as she could enclose in a bull's hide. Selecting a large, 
tough hide, she caused it to be cut into the smalle-t possible 
threads, with which she enclosed a large tract of country, on 
which the city of Carthage began to rise. 

The natives were bound by the letter of their bargain, and 
allowed the cunning queen to have her way; and after that, 
when any one had jilaycd oft' a sharp triik. they said he had 
"cut a Dido." That wasalmost three thousand years ago, and 
the saying has come down to inir day. 



Ukacje is to the body wha; good ; 



to the mind. 







^^^ 



3iS 



J--Cr^E33^IXjE IITSTI^TJOTOI^ 




^rigityd |l05|irg 



•VOIOES. 



BY LUI.U. 



FIRST. 

Don't you hear the Old Year 

Calling to tlio New' 
TfUing him to prove liinispU" 

Diligent and true. 

Lil<o a kind old Ta' -r 

Whose great c.iur.^o is run, 
Talking wi^eij', tenderlj', 

To his first brave son. 

Telling him, whatever conies, 

Manfully and strung, 
He must still defend the right, 

And opjiose the wn ng. 

Tliat the glory and the fame. 

Careless woi-ldlings sing. 
Know not <if the holy peace 

Truth and virtue hring. 

That wlialovcr \v 'allli or jiovvr 

Earth may se^ o t" <how, 
Heavenlj- wisdom is the hr-,t 

Man can ever know. 

Boys, 1 think your fathers 

Sneak the .same to you. 
That I hear the wise Old Year, 

SayinL' to the New. 

And I also farther think, 

It»belon£rs to yi>u, 
One and all, as faithful sons, 

To both hear and do ! 

KKCOKI). 

Listen now to Summer 

Calling out to Spring, 
Like an echo far away 

.So^'tly whispering! 

"Wait, my child in ri"adiiiess," 

(This I hear her say,) 
"Let your hridegroom find you here — 

Chide not his delay. 

"Be not restless soon to meet 

Winter face to face; 
To extend your maiden hand, 

Wo<iing his embrace. 

"For of all the beauteous gems 

Woman loves to wear, 
Purity and Modesty , . 

Are most sweet and rare. 

"Cling to these whatever comes. 

As a sacred guide. 
And the noblest king might be 

Proud of such a bride. 

"Let them grace your fair, raeek brow 

Where soe'er you go. 
As the brightest, richest crown 

Heaven could bestow. 

"Nurse them chastely, lovingly. 
In your fresh young heart; 

They will grow instinctively 
Of your life a part I" 



Girls, I think our mothers 

Talk to us as much 
As the Summer to the Spring — 

Let our lives be such! 

Such that the.v, our mothers good. 

Who are pleading thus. 
May have cause for thankfulness. 

Pride and joy in us. 
^ f .■^- »». 



S TJ 3sr ID .i^ Y H. E S S O InT S 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ON THE HIST.)RY OF JOSEPH SMITH, 1 HtC fUOPU ET.— LK»SON XXIV. 



Q.- 
A. 
Q.- 
A 

Q- 
A. 

Q- 

him ' 
A. 

Q. 

A. 

Q- 

A. 

Q.- 

A 

Q. 

A. 
(2.- 
A. 
Q.- 
A. 
him. 
Q- 
A. 

Q. 

A. 



-What did Samuel B. Smith then do? 

-He ottered himself for baptism. 

-Who baptized him ? 

-Oliver Cowdery. 

-When did this (aKe place? 

-A few days after Joseph and Oliver haii been baptized. 

-What ert'ect did the baiilism of Samuel ii Siiiitli have upon 

-He was filled with the Holy Ghost. 

-Where did he then go V 

-To his father's house. 

-Who else came to .loseph about that time? 

-David Whitmer. 

In what month and year ? ' 

■In June, 1829. 

What did he asK Joseph to do? 

•To go with him to his father's hou^e. 

Where did his father live? 

■In Fayette, Seneca Co. N". Y. 

Why did he want him to go there? 

■Because he knew .loseph was poor, and he wanted to help 

What ofl'er did he make him? 

-He offered to board him free, and assist him in writing. 

•Did Joseph accept of Iiis invitation? 

- Y' es. 



Ti£K answer to the Enigma published in NV. 1\\» "Sto.ve- 
w.-m,l" Jacicsd.n. We have received correct solutions from 
Jno. Walton, Jr., Mill Creek; C. F. .AVatkins, Bountiful; M. 
(.'. Morris, Woods Cross; Chas. Lindholm. Tooele; also from 
Enos L. Stookey, W. T. Cooper, Nellie. -T. Cooper, Wni. 
Jenkins, -Tesse Barbige, E. A. M. Cooper, I'lrnest J{'iwliu<.", 
David P. Pratt, R. A. Ure, Richard Callister and David H. 
Lambert, Salt Lake City. 

CTTrvEnsriLE uststi^tjotos. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territoiy, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR «L PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCK 

Single Gcqry, per Annum — — $2 00. 

.^*"OfEce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communicatioas to this Office should be direoted, 

"Editoe Juvenile Instbuctor." 




