
3 . -' 



■'■y< 



FSS^^fSS?* 



^ssap 



'"-T"- 



Digitized by the Internet Archive 

in 2011 with funding from 

Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 



http://www.archive.org/details/juvenileinstruct71geor 



CONTEITTS 



E^<-::XX*- 



Accidents— Carelessness, 10 

Ashamed to tell Mother, 19 

Aloe, The 21 

Anecdote of General Washington, *" 

AlmugTree, The »•••■" 

Adventures with Grizzlies, 'S, ob 

Animal defences, s >] 

Arabian tale, An 104 

Appearances, Judging from 1~ 

Aurora Borealis, The 153 

Armadillo, The l r >I 

Arctic Regions, The 185 

Anecdotes of Horses, 202 

Babylon, 29 

Boasting, 43 

Bad Language, G0 

Blacksmith of Ragenback, The 63 

Bathing in Molten Iron, 71 

Bird Drover, A 72 

Beware, I"' 1 

Best Place, How to get the US 

Be in Earnest, 1' '0 

Burgoyne's Surrender, 197 

Baby Fingers, 200 

Bogus, ■'" 

Chicken's Mistake, The 16 

Cunning of the Raven, 35 

Country of the Koraks, 61, 07 

Canton, 71 

Cardinal Woolsey, Dismissal of. 81, 94 

Commerce, 97 

Channel for live 1-" 

Circumstantial Evidence, 120, 134 

Correspondence SO, 144 

California. The big trees of 14!) 

Child in Court, A 152 

Correspondence, 160 

Church of the Holy Sepulchre, The 161 

Curious facts in figures, 163 

Churches and Worship in California 105, 173 

Charming Snakes in London, 17!i 

Child's Faith and Confidence in God, 189 

Captain's Dog, The 201 

Cobbler's Secret, The 208 

( Iriticism, Forbear i..4 

Chemistry of Common Things.— The Prism, 2; Heat 
and Electricity, 10, 18; Galvanism, 31, 3S; Or- 
ganic Chemistry, 42; Hydro Carbon, 50; Alcohol, 
59; Stimulation, 70; Solvents, 75; Illuminating 
Cases, 83; Illuminating Oils, 05; Gutta Perch a, 
102; Hydro-Carbon — Caoutchouc, 111; Hydro- 
Carbon— Turpentine, 1 IS; Fossil Fuel, 126; An- 
thracite, 130; Coal and Lignite 143; Petrified 
Wood, 150; The Diamond, 158; The Blowpipe, 
103, 170; Borax, 182; Marble, 191; Paste, 109; 
Jewelry, 201'. 

Daniel and his Companions before Nebuchadnezzar,. .13 

Do not Despair, I 11 

Dressing for Church, 4S 

Daily Bread, 71 

Derivation of Gentleman, A 92 

Ducking Stool, The 119 

Durrenstein, 145 

Editorial Thoughts, 4, 12, 20, 28, 30, 44, 52, 60, 08, 
76, 84, 92, 100, ins, 110, 124, 132, 140, 148, 156, 104, 
172, lso, 188, 196, 204. 

Escape of the Spies, 9 

Early I Using 11 



Earthquakes, 31, J9 

Elisha parting the Jordan, 49 

Eye of an Eagle, The 64 

Elephant, An Intelligent 85 

Enigma, An 88 

Etymology, 131 

Pour Good Habits, 12 

Flat Head Indians, 5s 

Follies of Fashion, The Sy 

Foolish Harebell, The 144 

Four Little Girls, The 15o 

Frigate bird, The 19^ 

Grammatical Charade, 24 

Good Language, 35 

Good word for the Bats, A 43 

Good Maxims, 43 

Geographical Charade, 4s 

Gold Lace 52 

Galileo, Boyhood of. 101 

Gunpowder, and how it is made, 109 

Gathering Flowers, 125 

Gamret, The 177 

History of the Church,— 3, 11, 19, 30, 34, 46, 53, 58, 69, 
74, 86, 93, 98, 107, 114, 123, 135, 188, 146, 157, 166, 170, 
178, 186, 194, 206. 

Hewing the Cedars of Lebanon, 33 

How to keep a Situation, 30 

Hercules Beetle, The 37 

Horseshoe, The 99 

How to be beautiful when Old, 192 

Infant-eating Hyenas, SS 

Indian Children, 93 

Intemperance, 113 

Icebergs 117 

Inquisition, The 137 

Ichthyology, 190 

Joseph's Dreams, 1 

Joseph proclaimed Ruler, 25 

Joan of Arc, 66 

Jackal, The 189 

Keep 28 

Kites Ahoy, 150 

luck — Success, 7 

Little Voices lost in Slumber, 8 

Little Mother, The 24 

Lithography was Discovered, How 27 

Little Things 88 

Leaf bv leaf the roses fall, 156 

Little 'Word, A 184 

Love and Light about us, There's 1 iU 

Man with the Iron Mask, The 22 

Member of the "Try" club, A 65 

Marriage at Canaof Galilee, The 7:; 

Massacre of St. Bartholomew, The 77 

Men without hearts, 1 15 

Made him pay, bit 

Mother knows best, 168 

Make your own Sunshine, 199 

Mole, ' The 205 

Norwegian Ingenuity 24 

Norman Conquest, The 54 

Never Satisfied, 04 

Natural Bridge in Virginia, 09 

Nature in Australia 164 

Naughty Kittens, The 176 



Ospri-y, The S 

Profanity, 2 

Paul before Felix, 5 

Punctuation, 16 

Princess Ruler, Our 10 

Plane Tree, The 45 

Picking and Baling cotton, 61 

Precept and Practice, 80 

Pugilism, Ancient and Modern Ill, 119 

Penguin, The 1-1 

Politeness, 125 

Pride in dress, 128 

Pomposity, 136 

Providence, 141 

Pine Tree, The 173 

Pleasant Excursion Trip, A 181 

Physical Strength, Athletic Games, etc., 1S2 

Questions and Answers on the Book of Mormon, 

184, 187, 195, 207. 
Questions and Answers on the Bible, 192, 200, 207 

Royal race, A 56 

Rufers of England 84 

Residence of Washington, Mt. Vernon, 85 

Rome wasn't built in a day, Ii2 

Rain Concert, The 120 

Robin, The 133 

Righteous Deeds, 164 

Russian Story, A 171 

Sentinel; A faithful 6 

Salutations 14 

Save the Bits, 24 

Suppose, 32 

Simeon and Anna and the Infant Jesus, 41 

Siberian Prisons, 4i 

Sunday Schools, Reading matter for children, 91 

Shall the Baby stay 96 

Sorry he did not learn a trade 103 

Siege of Harlem, Incident at the 105 

Song 1°4 

Sapphire, Opal and diamond 123 

St Bernard and its Dogs, 129 

Swan, The 141 

Size of Loudon, The 143 

Sunday School Meeting at Logan City, 150, 154 

Stolen Gold Piece, The 159, 167 

Sabbath Schools 175 

Stolen Butter, The 104 

Street Lights, 208 



Tower of Babel, The 17 

Take it Easy, 30 

Trust in God and do the Right, 40 

Thomas ABecket, 62 

Tallow Tree, The 101 

Turkish Nation, The 112 

Talking Machine, A 127 

Talleyrand and Arnold, 136 

True, 147 

Three in a Bed, 16S 

Temple of Aboo Sambool, 169 

Throwing a child into the Ganges, 181 

Unjust Steward, The 57 

■Valentine Duval, The story of. 21, 26, 37, 45, 50 

White Sparrow, The 15 

What came of it, 103, 110 

Work and Think, 128 

Watch Mother 136 

Wonders of bodily strength and skill, 198 

V ear's twelve children, The 72 

Young America at the Wheel, 79 



POETRY. 

Our Princess Ruler, 16. An Enigma, SS. Song, 
104. Little voices lost in slumber, 8. Charity, 
8. The chicken's mistake, 16. The little mother, 
24. Keep, 28. Suppose, 3?. Trust in God 
and do the Right, 40. Dressing for Church, 48. 
A royal race, 56. Never Satisfied, 64. Daily 
bread, 71. The Year's Twelve Children, 72. Pre- 
cept and Practice, 80. Rulers of England, 84. 
Little Things, 88. Shall the Baby stay, 96. An 
Arabian tale, 104. Beware, 109. Rome was'nt 
built in a day, 112 The Rain Concert, 120. 
Channel for Love, 120. Work and think, 128. 
Pride in dress, 128. Watch Mother, 136. Pom- 
posity, 136. The Foolish Harebell, 144. The 
Four' Little Girls, 152. Leaf by Leaf the roses tall, 
156. Be in Earnest, 150. Righteous Deeds, 164. 
Mother knows best, 168. Three in a Bed, 168. 
The Naughty Kittens, 176. There's love and light 
about us, 176. A Little Word, 184. How to be 
Beautiful when Old, 92. Baby Fingers, 200. 
The Cobbler's Secret, 208. 




THE scene 'which we present our readers in the accompan3 r ing 
engraving, is a very interesting one, and illustrates a most 
attractive portion of Bible history. The dress of the young 
man who is sleeping, the trees and the general surroundings, 
give an idea that the country of which it is a representation is 
a warm one. The sheep, the faithful dog lying by his young 
master's side and the shepherd's crook, which is laid beside 
him indicate that the young sleeper is a shepherd. Can any of 



Rachel, whom Jacob had buried at Bethlehem, he passed through 
a great variety of scenes. At one time, when about seventeen 
years of age, his brothers became jealous of him and made up 
their minds to kill him ; but his oldest brother, Reuben, plead 
for his life and he was cast into a pit with the intention of 
leaving him to dii. Afterwards, through another of his 
brothers, Judah, he was taken and sold as a slave for twenty 
pieces of silver. The Ishmaelites who bought him carried 




our little readers imagine who this sleeping figure is intended 
to represent? In the upper part of the picture are seen sheaves 
of wheat, also a cluster of stars. 

Joseph, the son of Jacob and his wife, Rachel, is one of the 
most interesting characters in Bible history. Every child who 
reads the Bible takes great delight in reading his life. The 
favorite son of his father, probably because of his goodness of 
disposition, his faithful obedience aud his being the son of 



him to Egypt, and he was again sold; this time to Potiphar, 
captain of the guard of the king of Egypt. Because he would 
not consent to do wickedness when tempted by Potiphar" s wife, 
she told falsehoods about him and he was thrust into prison. 
From this prison he was raised to be the second man in the 
kingdom of Egypt. He was made ruler over all the land of 
Egypt and became the savior of his father's house and of his 
brothers who had sought to take his life. 






^^gpSfc 



JUTBlsriLB IUSTRTJOTOE/, 



The love of Jacob for his son Joseph was not concealed from 
the other boys of the family. They knew that he was his pet. 
It was probable that he gave him finer clothes than he did the 
rest of his boys, for we are told that he made him a coat of 
many colors. When his brothers saw that he was a favorite 
■with their father, they hated him, and they could not speak 
pleasantly to him. Had this been all they might not have 
attempted to take his life ; but Joseph had a dream which he 
related to his brothers, and which they readily interpreted. He 
dreamed that they were binding sheaves in the harvest field, and 
his sheaf arose and stood upright, and their sheaves stood all 
around his sheaf and did it honor. This dream made them 
angry, for they saw that if it should be fulfilled, Joseph would 
reign over them and they would do him honor. This dream 
increased their hatred for him ; but this was not the only dream 
which Joseph had. He dreamed that the sun and the moon 
and eleven stars — eleven being the number of his brothers — 
came and did him honor. He related this dream also to his 
father and to his brothers. The Bible says that his father 
rebuked him for it, and asked him if he and his mother and his 
brethren should indeed come and bow themselves down to him. 
But the dream made a great impression on his father. On his 
brethren, however, it had only the effect to make them more 
angry, and they determined to take his life. They foolishly 
thought that they could prevent the fulfillment of the dreams, 
as if they could prevent the purposes of God from being ful- 
filled 1 

It is thus that the enemies of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints imagine they can preveut the fulfillment of the 
purposes of God by plotting against the people, by persecuting 
and working against the servants of the Saints of God; but 
they, like the brethren of Joseph, instead of bringing to naught 
the purposes of God, only fulfill them. The hatred of the 
brothers of Joseph was£overruled in such a manner as to bring 
to pass the- very thing which they thought to prevent. They 
Bold Joseph as a slave, he was carried into Egypt, and the Lord 
gave the king dreams which Joseph interpreted and by means 
of which he became the highest man in the kingdom uext to' 
the king, when famine fell npon the country, and his brothers 
came to Egypt to buy food h) save them from death from the 
brother whom they had hated and against whose life they had 
plotted. We advise all our readers ,to carefully peruse the 
history of Joseph. It is very instructive and ought to be 
sp dally attractive to the greater part of the Latter-day Saints; 
for the Lord has told us that they are descendants of Joseph; 
we are of his Bead. Many features of his history are b tog 
repeated in the history of this people. We have been bated 
and our lives have been Bought, because our brethren thought 
that we intended to rule over them. They have driven us forth 
into these mountains, thinking to get rid of as; but it will bo 
with this Church as it was with Joseph of old— those who 
despise its membere will come bending unto them and be glad 
to receive, as the brethren of Joseph were, the help which they 
will ! I. 



PBOFAwrnr.- There are many evils that lurk around the 
heart, and many temptations prompting us to re.-] km id to their 
calling; but none more readily co-works with all evil than 
profanity, and is ever ready to lay waste a moral and upright 
mind, with its deadly >tin_- and poisODOUS arrow. Profanity 
ws can truthfully say, is the anchor of many evil- arising from 

an angOVerned disposition; and. at (In- impul-e of the moment. 

may l>.- heard an oath that would seem to crush the very sense 
of all human feeling. 



LB8DBS is a very pleasant garment to look at, but it is a very 
bad one to wear. The ruin of millions may be traced to it. 



h&&- 



[For the Juvenilt Instructor. 

^emisfey of Ibttttttott icings. 



THE PiilSM. 



LIGHT in passing through a prism is subjected to refraction ; 
and, as different rays of light are differently refracted, 
(broken off from a straight course) they are separated from each 
other. The image formed by light after passing through a 
prism is called a prismatic spectrum; the image of the sun thus 
formed is called the solar spectrum. By reason of the different 
degrees of refraction the image thus formed is more or less 
elongated, forming an oblong figure, the lowest end of which is 
red with shades to orange ; then with shades to yellow ; then 
with shades to green; then with shades to blue; then to 
indigo ; and then to violet. Thus, it is seen that the red is 
least turned aside and the violet most, and these are called least 
and most refrangible. The violet approaches most to the 
nature of blackness; yellow and green have the highest illumin- 
ating power ; red is the most heating of the visible part of the 
spectrum. By using a delicate thermometer the heat of the differ- 
ent parts of the solar spectrum can be determined. It has been 
found that the heat increases from the violet end, increasing 
towards the red, and, even beyond the red, where there is uo 
light visible. These invisible heat-giving rays are called ultra- 
red ; in the same way the actinic rays, before alluded to as 
existing beyond the violet, are called ultra-violet rays. 

It is by the visible radiation of light that the eye is made 
sensible of surrounding objects, but that is not the only office of 
light, warmth is necessary to life, hence the heat-giving rays ; 
chemical forces are required to bring about organic changes, 
equally essential to the well being of man, hence the actinic 
rays. 

What the prism does for us, then, is to analyze the light 
by separating it into its component parts, thus proving that 
light is a compound consisting of visible and iuvistble rays; 
that the visible rays are dispersed according to their refrangi- 
bility, red, orange, &c., aud that at each end of the visible 
spectrum' energetic rays exist entirely different in their office to 
visible light, and to each other. 

It is not possible to tell where the benefit to man is limited by 
the researches of scientists in relation to light. Already the 
nature of luminous bodies can be frequently determined by the 
examination of their spectra even when far removed from us, 
as, for instances, the sun and other distant orbs. On examin- 
ing the solar spectrum with a suitable instrument, (the spectro- 
scope) it is found to be crossed with a host of dark lines; the 
light of the sun always gives the same set of lines, the star- 
light gives a different set, and each star has a set of lines that 
are its own. When artificial light is used the spectra-scope 
reveals the fact that different substances when burned give 
different sets of lines, each element seems to have its own char- 
acteristic set. This is taken advantage of in the analysis of 
substances that cannot he examined at present in a better 
manner, and in that way many important discoveries have been 
made. Perhaps also it may be interesting to the young reader 
to know that even the sun has not entirely escaped the 
observation of the chemist, aud has been compelled to show 
that its elements are similar to those of the earth we live on. 
We may recognize elements that wo arc familiar with, iron, 
sodium, zinc, copper, nickel, chromium, magnesium, barium and 
calcium, among metals; and hydrogen also has been detected, 
i. ven the more distant stars are interogated by inquisitive man 
and tiny are slowly replying to his iuquiries. 

Beautiful light I How are we charmed by thee when seen in 
the prismatic arches of the rainbow ; in the varied colors of the 



: 4l 



45» 



^§^ 



J" TJ" -V IE UST I L IE IirSTBUOTOB. 



liveries worn by the numberless creations; in the gorgeous 
tintings of the great canopy of the heavens ! How can wc be 
sufficiently grateful that, while heat and chemical force is sup- 
plied by the sun in a continuous stream to give and preserve 
life, light not only shows us the objects we are surrounded by 
but makes us love them for their beauty ! 

Beth. 



EC X S 



t o tl y o if 

CHUBO HI. 
{Continued.) 



T ZHI IE 



PRESIDENT Young met with his brethren in council, when 
it was decided that three thousand able bodied men should 
be selected to prepare themselves to start in the Spring to 
Upper California, taking their families with them. 

Early in the month of September commenced the memorable 
house burning in Hancock County. The successful prosecution 
of the building of the Temple and the rapid strides made in 
erecting the Nauvoo House, seemed to tempt the cupidity of the 
neighbors of the Saints. The anti-Mormons realizing also that 
the murderers of Joseph and Hyruni were acquitted, that the 
city charter of Nauvoo was repealed and the Saints, in a man- 
ner, placed outside the protection of the law, did not hesitate to 
commit any outrage. At Lima and Yelrome they set fire to 
buildings and stacks of grain, aud fired upon Brother. Clark 
Hulet and the children of Brother Durfee. 

When the news of the proceedings reached Nauvoo the First 
Presidency sent to those places advising the people to offer 
their property for sale to the mob, remove the women and 
children to Nauvoo as quickly as possible and for the men to 
remain there quietly and watch the movements of the mob. 
In a letter to the President of the Yelrome Branch, President 
Young stated that "The object of our enemies is to get 
opposition enough to raise popular excitement, but we think it 
best to let them burn up our houses, while we take care of our 
families and grain." In accordance with his counsel the 
citizens of Yelrome proposed to the mob to sell them their 
landed property and improvements, reserving only the crops, 
cu which they were deiiendent for their bread, and take in pay- 
ment, cattle, wagons and such things as they could use in 
removing their families. But still the persecutions continued, 
with the most diabolical persistency. Volunteers were called 
for in Nauvoo to go with their teams and assist in bringing in 
the families of the Saints from the isolated settlements where 
the mobbing was most violent, to that place ; in response to 
which one hundred and thirty-five teams were sent forthwith. 
During this time J. B. Backenstos Esq., Sheriff of the county, 
who on more than one occasion had proved himself a friend of 
the Saints, and disposed to maintain the peace, was doing all he 
could to quell the inclination to mob, which had become so 
prevalent. He even went to Warsaw and tried to raise a posse 
to stop the burning, but was unable to get a single man to 
assist him. 

About this time Bishop George Miller was arrested at Car- 
thage on a charge of treason. An officer, with writs against 
President Young and the Twelve also, visited Nauvoo. The 
charges were for aiding and abetting Joseph Smith in treason- 
able designs against the State, for being officers in the Nauvoo 
Legion, fur building an arsenal, for keeping cannon in times of 
peace, for holding a private council in Nauvoo and for holding 
correspondence with tin- -Indians. He, however, left without 
making any arrest. 

Sheriff Backenstos wrote to President Young from Carthage 
on the 15th advising him to organize two thousand well armed 
men, and hold them in readiness for immediate service when he 
might call upon them; and stated that he could not reasonable 



expect support from those citizens called "Jack Mormons." 
The term "Jack Mormons" was in those days applied to 
persons who did not belong to the Church but were friendly to 
its members. 

The course of President Young had been to suppress excite- 
ment among the people, that they might not be led to commit 
acts of aggression, for he wished the world at large to see who 
the real aggressors were. He was willing, for the sake of pre- 
serving peace, and as a means of gaining security and order for 
the time being, to agree with the mob to leave the State in the 
Spring. At the same time the Saints had observed the law, 
magnified the constitution and done more towards developing the 
resources of the State than any or all the rest of its inhabitants. 

Notwithstanding the perilous condition of the Saints and the 
continued depredations of their enemies in the adjoining dis- 
tricts, in Nauvoo the people continued their labors upon the 
Temple, determined to rear it at all hazards. The steeple and 
tower were completed by this time and preparations were being 
made to hold the October Conference in it. Indeed so great 
was the anxiety to complete it that it was decided that all the 
carpenters that could be obtained should be put to work at it 
immediately, while others should gather the harvest and attend 
to other labors. 

The persecutions of the mob were not confined to the mem- 
bers of the Church; they were also felt by those who were favora- 
ble to them, and who wished them to have their rights. 
Sheriff Backenstos, previously mentioned as being friendly to 
the Saints, rode into Nauvoo on the 16th of September, in 
great haste and appearing much excited. On the previous day 
he had been driven by the mob from his home in Carthage; 
from which place he had gone to Warsaw, and sought refuge 
for the night. There he learned that the mobbers were very 
■much enraged at him for trying to stop the burning of property, 
and that they were determined to take his life if possible, and, 
in fact, that they had planned to waylay and kill him on his 
way to Nauvoo. On starting the next morning, he got a man 
to accompany him a portion of the way. Soon after they 
parted company, he (the Sheriff) saw a party of the mob pur- 
suing him on horseback, and though he drove his horse as fast 
a3 he could, he riding in a buggy, they gained upon him in the 
chase, and one of them who rode the swiftest horse, would likely 
have overtaken him had his horse not fallen and thrown him. 
The mob now took a cut-off to intercept him, and gained on him 
so rapidly that they were within two hundred yards of the 
Sheriff when he came up with O. Porter Rockwall and John 
Redden, who were engaged in removing sick families in to 
Nauvoo from the burnt district. They, seeing the Sheriff com- 
ing down the hill towards them as such a frightful speed, called 
to him and asked what was the matter. He told them he was 
pursued by the mob, and commanded them in the name of the 
State, to protect him. They replied that they would do so, as 
they were well armed. The Sheriff, encouraged by this, turned 
to the approaching mob and commanded them to stop, but as 
they paid no attention to the order, aud continued to advance, 
apparently reckless aud blood-thirsty, and raising their guns to 
fire at him, he ordered 0. Porter Rockwall to fire. Aiming at 
the clasp of the belt on the foremost man, the latter fired, and 
simultaneously with the report of the gun the man fell from his 
horse. His comrades then stopped and cared for him, leaving 
the Sheriff to proceed on his way. 

(To be continued.) 



A DISTINGUISHED visitor once entered the counting-room of 
the late Baron Rothschild, who was engaged. Without looking 
Up he said: "Take a chair and be seated." The gentleman 
addressed, feeling aggrieved at such a reception, said; " You 

did not, perhaps, hear my name; 1 am the Count ." — "Oh 

yes," replied the banker, "take two chairs, if you please." 



ffi[)fc."jf 



as 



1^6^ 



girt 



JUYBNILB IITSTE/TJOTOE/. 



■^l^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - ED«TOR. 

SATUKDAY, JANUAKY 13, 1S72. 

EiDiToi^x^nLi tbzotjo-ihits. 




/<£ 



'UR readers have probably beard consider- 
able talk about the blockade of the 
railroad between Ogden and Omaha on 
the Union Pacific Line. The Editor of 
Juvenile Instructor has had some 
experience in being blockaded. 

We left Ogden for Washington on 
Tuesday, the 5th of December. We were 
informed that the travel on the road was 
interrupted in the neighborhood of Raw- 
lins, about three hundred and twenty-three miles 
from Ogden ; but thinking it better to push on 
to the front, we determined to take our chance, 
hoping by the time we reached that part of the 
road where the stoppage had occurred we might 
be able to get through. The train reached 
Rawlins about two o'clock on Wednesday morning. 
Upon arising about daylight we emerged from the 
sleeping car and began to make inquiries of the rail- 
road officials and others, concerning the blockade ; 
but they either did not know the particulars, or they concealed 
them ; for very little information could be obtained from them. 
Rawlins is a little station containing but a few houses, and is a 
very poor place to be compelled to remain at. The day dragged 
heavily. The next day the train moved on to Percy, another 
small station, where we remaiued until nearly nightfall. We 
afterwards pushed on to Laramie, •* here wc arrived late in the 
evening ; and at this point we overtook two trains, one of which 
had left Ogden on the previous Saturday. They had been 
stopped on the road ahead of us, and had not fared, in some 
respects, as well as we; for at the place where they had been 
detained there was very little to cat. We were glad to overtake 
these trains, for on both trains we found a number of Elders 
who were on their way to the States to fill their missions there. 
We remained at Laramie all night and the next day until nearly 
dark; at Laramie food was plentiful, ami there was no difficulty 
in getting reasonably good meals. From that point down to 
Omaha we bad no interruption. We arrived in Omaha early 
on Sunday morning. What is called a blockade of the road is 
tin: filling in of the track with snow. In the Eastern States 
they dear off the track with snow-plows, and have but little 
difficulty in keeping railroad tracks open; but snow-plows on 
the Union Pacific have proved a failure. The snow packs so 
hard and becomes so encrusted that in attempting to dear the 
track with snow-plows the only result has been the breaking of 
the plows and the damaging of the locomotives. Mingled with 
the snow on the plains is also more or less sand, which makes 
the snow, when packed, very solid and dilii nit to remove. The 
company had found it useless to attempt to keep the track open 
by the use of locomotives and plow-, and they employed large 
bodies of men to work with shovels. It has not been the 
quantity of snow which has fallen in the mountains thai has 
blockaded the road, go much as the drifting of the snow after it 
has fallen. No sooner would the road be cleared for one train 
to pass than another train following a few hours behind it would 
find the track filled at the same places and would have !., do the 
work all over again. This was in consequence of the snow 



being dry and fleecy and easily moved by the strong winds 
which so frequently blow in those elevated regions, pn the 
Laramie plains we have seen the snow rolling in billows before 
the wind until the whole plain would seem to be moving like 
the surface of a lake or sea instead of solid earth. The billows 
could not have surged more naturally than did the snow before 
the wind. Of course under such circumstances it would take 
but a little while to fill the track with snow so as to prevent all 
travel. 

A good many persons on the cars, who were not accustomed 
to traveling across the plains, felt very much annoyed at the 
detention to which they were subjected, and thought their trip 
a dreadfully long one. We were very much amused at their 
expressions; of the ill humor and impatience they manifested and 
the privations they thought they were enduring. We smiled at 
hearing them thus talk; and told them that we thought the trip 
one of pleasure : to have a good, comfortable car to ride in, 
plenty of fuel to keep it warm, a good bed to sleep in at night 
and food furnished in reasonable quantities when we wanted it, 
we thought a very comfortable style of traveling compared with 
crossing the plains with ox, mule or horse teams, or even in the 
stage-coach ; and we thought to make the trip from Ogden to 
Onjiaha in five days a very great contrast to spending three 
months on the plains and working hard every day. Some of 
the passengers agreed with us and that they had no cause of 
complaint. Compared with the former mode of traveling it was 
exceedingly delightful, even though we should be detained two 
or three days by the blockade. 



:fo:r,:b:eia.:r, criticism. 



THERE arc more ill feelings caused by the simple act of 
criticism than many persons imagine. It is a habit, too, to 
which many of us are addicted — a habit that grows upon us 
imperceptibly to ourselves, but often painfully apparent to 
others. There are times when a kindly and just criticism of 
another's actions or words, may do good, but in. most cases 
volunteered criticism has anything but a soothing and happy 
effect. For a person to have for a coustant associate one who 
is continually in the habit of criticising him, may be compared 
to living between the glasses of a microscope. It is a courtesy 
that we all ought to extend to others, to respect their opinions, 
and never wound their sensibilities by rudely criticising their 
actions or words. 

The worst of all criticism is the jeering style. A man might as 
well try to conciliate a cat by treading on its tail, or make a dog 
his friend by kicking him, as to please a man while thus picking 
flaws in him. Yet such self-constituted censors are to be met 
with every day. They imagine themselves perfect in judgment 
while every other person they consider an ignoramus. Many a 
light heart is saddened, many a happy face flushed and many a 
sensitive mind wounded by the cruel or thoughtless sarcasm of 
a too forward critic. 

A person has no business to become so familiar with another 
as to forget the courtesy that is due from him. In order to 
please, we need not yield to the tastes and opinions of others 
for every person has a right to have tastes and opinions of his 
own, ami the same are entitled to respect, though they may not 
accord with those of his neighbor. Children would do well to 
remember these things and make it a rule in their lives to for- 
bear harshly censuring or criticising their fellows. 

Criticism, however, administered in a kindly spirit and in 
mild words from a person of wisdom to an inferior in that respect 
often has a good effect, "out even then it is more acceptable in 
the form of counsel or advice. 



GREAT minds are easy in prosperity, and quiet in adversity. 



i > ?^#- 




CrTJ"VEI<riIL.E3 INSTRUCTOR, 



PAUL B IE IF O IR, IE FELIX. 



THE scene which is represented in the accompany engraving 
is Paul standing in the presence of Felix and his wife 
Drusilla, and speaking unto them. The description of this 
scene is found in the last part of the 24th chapter of Acts. 

Paul, after preaching for many years to the Gentiles, deter- 
mined to go to Jerusalem. As he passed along, on his way to 
that city, he stopped at Cesarea. The Saints there enjoyed the 
gift of prophecy, and they predicted that he should be captured 
at Jerusalem and undergo trouble. They endeavored to dis- 
suade him from going there ; but he was resolved on visiting 
that city and left them weeping. Upon his arrival at Jerusalem 
he went to the temple and attended to some ordinances. Some 
of his old persecutors, who had come from Asia to Jerusalem, 
recognized him in the temple, and stirred up the people to mob 
him. They accused him of speaking evil against the Jews, the 
law of Moses and Jerusalem, and further said that he had also 
brought Greeks into the temple by which it had been polluted. 
They were so successful with their lies that they created a great 



commanded the chief priest and council to appear and Paul was 
brought before them. The servant of God soon found they 
were divided into two parties — Pharisees and Sadducees. The 
Sadducees did not believe in the resurrection of the body nor 
in angels or spirits visiting man ; but the Pharisees believed 
in those principles. Paul, before becoming a Saint, had 
belonged to the Pharisees ; he, therefore, said to the council : 
"Men and brethren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee; 
of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in ques- 
tion." His words had the desired effect: the council became 
divided, the Pharisees taking his part and the Sadducees oppos- 
ing them. Thus that trial ended. But as he could not be 
reached by the law, forty bigoted Jews bound themselves 
together by an oath that they would not eat nor drink until they 
had killed Paul ; and they would have carried out their vow, 
had not Paul's nephew learned the plot and communicated it to 
the chief captain. Had Paul been an obscure man, of an 
obscure family, the captain might not have cared what became 




uproar. The mob fell upon Paul, and would probably have 
killed him had not the chief captain of the Soman soldiers 
rescued him from their violence. Instead of seizing the mob- 
bers, the captain took Paul and bound him in chains and carried 
him to the castle. Before entering Paul desired the privilege 
of speaking to the people, which the captain granted. He bore 
a faithful testimony to them concerning the gospel, related his 
labors in the ministry ; but when he told them what the Lord 
had said to* him concerning his going to the Gentiles, they 
became very angry, and would have committed further violence 
upon him had they been permitted. 

It was customary in those days to scourge prisoners when 
they wished to obtain the truth from them, and the captain 
designed to do this with Paul; but Paul protested against it. 
He claimed to be a Koman citizen, and the character of a 
Banian citizen was so sacred that the captain dare not scourge 
him until he had been examined and condemned. The captain 



of him ; but he was a free-born, Eoman citizen, and he was 
afraid that if anything happened to him, he, himself, would be 
brought into trouble. He concluded, therefore, to send him to 
Felix, the Governor. He provided an escort composed of 
infantry, horsemen and spearmen to the number of four hundred 
and seventy, who started in the night and carried him to 
Cesarea, where Felix resided. After he had been there five 
days, the high priest of the Jews, the ciders, and an orator 
named Tertullus, camc^to Cesarea to accuse him before Felix. 
The charge they brought against him was, in the language of 
Tertullus, that they had "found him a pestilent fellow, and a 
mover of sedition among all the Jews throughout the world, and 
a ringleader of the sect of the Nazarcncs. A man who had also 
gone about to profane the temple." 

Paul defended himself against their accusations with great 
force and dignity. It seems that Felix was very far from 
being convinced of the truth of the accusations made against 



St 



)%7ZZ 



!3 



sr 



JUYBITILE IUST3UOTOB. 



Paul; for he would not give any decision on the subject, and 
dismissed the case until he could hear from the chief captain. 
He gave Paul the greatest liberty that he could without releas- 
ing him, and his acquaintances had the privilege of visiting 
him as often as they liked. That he might have a perfect 
understanding of Paul's case he afterwards sent for him and, 
in company with his wife Drusilla, who was a Jewess, heard 
him reason upon the principles of the gospel, righteousness, 
temperance and judgment to come. So powerful were the 
words of Paul that Felix trembled. In the engraving you can 
see that he is stirred with emotion at Paul's words. But he was 
not an honest man, for he hoped to be bribed to let Paul go, 
and as he did not receive money for this purpose, he left him 
until his successor came,' by whom Paul was sent to the city 
of Borne. 

The Acts of the Apostles is a most interesting book for Lat- 
ter-day Saints to read. The persecutions and trials of the 
Saints of God in early days are there described so plainly, and 
they are so similar to (he trials and persecutions which the 
Saints in these days have been subjected to, that their history 
is full of interest; and even children can see that the same 
spirit that caused the Apostles and Saints of God in ancient 
days to be persecuted and slain is the spirit that to-day stirs up 
wicked men to seek the lives of the servants and people of God 
who now live. But we live in a different day to theirs. Paul 
predicted that, after his death and the death of the other 
apostles, there should come a falling away and the church 
should be overcome by the wicked ; but in our day the Lord 
has promised to establish His Church never more to be thrown 
down. The wicked cannot destroy it. 



.A. FAITHFUL SZEZLSTTIItTIEL. 



THE French army lay encamped only about a day's march 
from Berlin. The sentinels were doubled, and the most 
strict orders given, for the Prussian and Austrian spies were 
plenty and troublesome. At midnight Pierre Sancoin was 
stationed at one of the outposts. He was a stout, bold, 
shrewd mau, and a good soldier. The Colonel of his regiment 
was with the sergeant on his beat, having requested to be 
called at midnight, that he might visit the outposts. 

"Pierre," he said, after the man had been posted. "You 
must keep your eyes open. Don't let even a horse go out or 
come without tin.- pass. Do you understand?'' 

"Ah, Colonel, I shall be prompt," 

"The dogs are all around us," pursued the officer "and you 
cannot be too careful. Don't trust men nor brutes." 

"Never fear," was Pierre's answer, as he brought his fire- 
lock to his shoulder, and moved back a pace. 

After tliis the guard moved on to the next post, and Pierre 
Sancoin was left alone. Pierre's post was one of the most 
important in the camp, or rather around it, and he had been 
placed there fir that reason. The ground over which he had to 
walk was a long knoll, bounded at one end by a huge rock, and 
at the other sloping away to a narrow ravine, in which was a 
copse of willows. Beyond this copse the ground was low and 
boggy, so that a man could not pass it. The rock was to the 
westward, and Pierre's walk was to the outer side. 

The night was quite dark, huge masses of clouds floated over- 
head, and ahutOQt the stars; and a sort of fog Seemed to be 
raising also from the marsh. Tin- wind moaned through the 
copse in the ravin.-, and the air was damp and chilly. With a 
slow, steady tread, th>- soldier paced his ground, ever and anon 
stopping to listen, as the willows in the ravine rattled* their 
leaves, or some night bird started out with its quick napping. 

An hour had passed away and the sentinel had Been nothing 
to excite his suspicions. He had stopped for a moment dose 






by the rock, when he was startled by a quick, wild scream from 
the wood, and in a few moments more a large bird flew over his 
head. 

After the night bird had flown over; ho uttered, "could 
mortal man h;ive stopped that fellow passing?" 

He satisfied himself that he had done nothing wrong in 
suffering the bird to pass. He had walked the length of his 
way two or three times, and was just turning by the rock, when 
he was sure he saw a dark object just crossing the line towards 
the copse. 

"Hold," he cried, bringing the musket quickly to his shoul- 
der, "Hold or I fire 1" 

And with his piece pointed at him, he advanced towards the 
spot where the object stopped; but as he came to within a few 
yards of it, it started to move on again towards the camp. 

"Move any further and I fire I" cried Pierre. "What, 
Prince? Ho, ho; why Prince !" 

The animal turned and made a motion as though he would 
leap upon the sentinel's bosom, but the soldier motioned him off. 

"Bravo, Prince," Pierre cried, reaching forth his hand and 
patting the head of the great shaggy beast, which had sat upon 
its haunches. Pierre recognized the intruder now as a great 
dog of the breed of St. Bernard, which had been owned in the 
regiment, for over a year, and which had been missing for 
about a week. He disappeared one night from the pickets, 
and all search for him had been unavailing. . 

"My grand Prince," Pierre uttered, as though the dog could 
understand every word; "the men will be happy to see you; 
where have you been so long?" 

The dog made no answer to this save a low whine, and a 
familiar nodding of the head. 

"Now my friend, you just keep your sitting until the guard 
comes, and then we'll go to the camp together. Mind that will 
you?" 

And with these words, uttered with solemn emphasis, and 
due meaning, Pierre started on his beat again. He had got 
half way to the rock, when the idea of looking around struck 
him, and he did so. Prince was moving towards the camp 
again. 

"Hal Prince, that won't do 1 Stop! stop, or I'll shoot! 
The colonel was positive in his orders ; I was told to let nothing 
pass my post without the countersign. A dog is something. 
You can't go, Prince, so now lie down. Down ! down, I say!" 

With this the dog lay flat down upon his belly and stretched 
out his fore paws. Pierre patted him upon the head again, and 
having duly urged upon him the necessity of remaiuing where 
he was, he resumed his march once more. 

During the next fifteen minutes the animal lay perfectly quiet 
and ever and anon the sentinel would speak to him by way of 
being sociable. But at length the dog made another attempt to 
go into the camp. Pierre had nearly reached the rock when he 
heard the movemeut, and on turuiug he could just see his 
uneasy companion making off. 

"I must obey orders," the honest fellow uttered. "The 
colonel's word was plain. Here! come hero! Here Prince! 
you must die if you don't 1" 

With a few quick bounds the soildcr had got near enough to 
the dog to fire, and as the latter stopped, he stopped. 

''My dear friend, you must stay with mel Herel Come back! 
I must shoot you if you don't. What a thing to start the whole 
camp for, to shoot a dog." 

But by coaxing and threatening, the sentinel got the dog back 
to his post, and there he made him lie down once more. And 
thus matters rested till the tram]) of the coining guard was heard. 

"Ah, now Prince will be relieved," the soldier said, stopping 
near the dog. "You shall go and see your old friends." 

The tramp of the coming guard drew near, and Pierre was 
preparing to hail them, when the dog took a new turn, this time 
starting towards the copse. 



rs» 



W 



23^-— 



•fe-^i 



i 




CTTJ"VE12sriI J E IITSTBTJCTOB. 



"Here, here, Princel Don't you run off again." 
But the fellow took no other notice of the call than to quick- 
en his speed. 

"Backl Back! Herel" 

This last exclamation was forced from Pierre's lips by seeing 
the dog leap to his hind legs, and run. In an instant the truth 
burst upon him. Quick as thought he clapped his gun to his 
shoulder and took aim. He could just distinguish the dim 
outlines now, and he fired. There was a sharp cry, and then 
Pierre had to turn, for the guard were approaching. 

"Who is there?" he cried. 

"Belief guard," was the answer. 

And having obtaiued the countersign, he informed the officer 
what had happened. 

''A dog?" cried the officer, "Prince, did you say?" 

"He looked like Prince, but you should have seen him run 
off on his hind legs." 

"Eh? Hind legs?" 

"Yes." 

"Then come; show us where he was." 

With this the officer of the mounted guard pulled his lantern 
from his breast, and having removed the shade, started on. 
Pierre led the way to the copse, and there the dog was found 
in the last struggles of death. The officer stooped down and 
turned him over. 

"Eh!" he cried, "What legs for a dog." 

And no wonder he did so. The hind legs of the animal were 
booted, and had every appearance of the pedal extremities of 
the g:nus man. But all doubts were removed very quickly, 
for as the officer turned the body again, a groan escaped, 
and the words "God take me 1" in the Prussian tongue, fol- 
lowed. 

"Here's an adventure!" muttered the officer, and made 
Pierre hold the lantern while ho ripped open enough of the 
dog's skin to find the face. But they concluded not to stop 
there to investigate, so they formed a litter by crossing their 
muskets, and having lifted the strange animal upon it, they 
proceeded on their way. When they reached the camp they 
found half the soldiers up, waiting to find out why the gun 
was fired. 

When they arrived, the dog skin was removed, and within 
was found a Prussian drummer. He was small though appa- 
rently some twenty years of age. He was dead; Pierre's ball 
having touched his heart or somewhere near it. His pockets 
were overhauled, aud in one of them was found an illegible 
cypher. The colonel took it, and directed that the body should 
be placed out of sight for burial on the morrow. 

But this was not the end. About four o'clock, just before 
daylight, another gun was fired on the same post where Pierre 
had been, and this time a man was shot who was trying to 
make his escape from cam]). He was shot through the head. 
When the body was brought into camp, it was found to be 
that of a Bavarian trooper, who had been suspected of treach- 
ery, though no proof had ever been fouud against him. On 
his person was found the key to the drummer's cypher. It 
proved to be a direction to the Bavarian to lay his plans for 
keeping as near to Napoleon's person as possible, after he 
should enter Berlin, and then wait for some further orders. 

The mystery was explained. The Bavarian had contrived (o 
call the great dog away from the regiment, and deliver him 
up to the enemy, and the skin was to be made the cover for a 
spy to enter the camp under. And the spy would have got in, 
too, but for the sportive order of the colonel, and the wilfully, 
faithful obedience of Pierre Sancoin. 

On the next day Pierre was promoted to the rank of ser- 
geant, and the Emperor said to him as he bestowed the boon; 

''If you only make as faithful an officer as you have proved 
yourself faithful a sentinel, I can ask no more." 

Selected 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 

LTJOK-SUCCESS. 



HOW often do we hear persons say when speaking of one 
who is prosperous, "Oh, he is lucky;" or "He has luck 
in his favor!" 

What is luck? Who is luck? Is it the good fairy that our 
superstitious old great-grand-parents used to imagine was ever 
ready to help the good and the uufortunate ? Is it, after all, a 
myth, existing only in the imagination, or is it something real 
and tangible? Is it the evidence of the special favor of the 
Almighty, or is it something which results without His inter- 
vention ? There is no denying that some persons are fortunate 
to an extraordinary degree, without possessing any evidence 
either of superior tact or of good management, while the 
unhappy reverse is as often apparent. Though it does not 
always seem that those favored are the most worthy, we must 
acknowledge there is an overruling Providence directing such 
results. 

Though admitting this, we cannot but think that ordinarily 
in nine cases out of ten what are considered merely freaks of 
luck are the results of careful management, the successful returns 
of well matured plans ; while in the actions of those who are 
unsuccessful or generally termed "unlucky" it is as often notice- 
able that there is some flaw in the management, some careless- 
ness, indolence or other natural cause for that want of success. 
There are some pursuits in which persons are dependent in 
great part on chance, but in business generally we find that 
those persons who apply themselves devotedly and with perse- 
verance and study to the business in hand, are the ones who 
are successful. They are the persons who do not wait for "cir- 
cumstances to favor them," but who mould circumstances. 
"Unlucky" persons may be found in abundance everywhere, 
groveling in poverty, wretched often in their want of success, 
sometimes indifferent in their indigence. They may be found 
hanging around street corners, waiting supinely for their "luck" 
to dawn, in dram shops, in billiard saloons aud kindred jslaces, 
tryiug to drown their cares in dissipation, waiting, still waiting 
for tardy ''luck." In fact, iu all classes of society these 
unlucky persons exist, and if the truth were known, it would 
appear that their bad luck in most cases is attributable to indo- 
lence, to want of energy or to the fact of their having chosen a 
profession to which they were totally unsuited by nature. 

If you would be "lucky," or in other words, successful, in 
what you undertake, choose a profession in which you are 
likely, from natural ability, to excel — for it is more creditable to 
excel as a ditch-digger than to be an inferior mechanic, 
merchant or lawyer — be energetic, be determined and presever- 
ing iu all your attempts, be true to God and your religion, and 
success or "luck" will attend you. 

Those who look for luck rarely find it, those who wait for cir- 
cumstances to favor them are seldom thus favored. In fact the 
successful are not those who wait for something to '' turn up," 
but almost invariably those who take hold with a will and turn 
something up. B 

e*g^S"?' ■ 

Two Kinds. — There are two kinds of girls ; one is the kind 
that appears best abroad, the girls that are good for parties, 
rides, visits, balls, etc., and whose chief delight is in all such 
things. The other is the kind which appears best at home, the 
girls that are useful and cheerful in the dining-room, the sick- 
room, and all the precincts of home. They differ widely in 
character. One is frequently a torment at home ; the other is a 
blessing. One is a moth consuming everything about her; the 
other is a sunbeam, inspiriug light and gladness all along the 
pathway. Now it docs not necessarily follow that there shall 
be two classes of girls. The right modification would modify 
them both a little, and unite their characters into one. 



& 




*r 



» 



JTJTEUILB HTSTETJOTOB 



THE O S JPJB* E IT 



rpHE picture we here present is that of the Osprey, a bird to 
J_ be found very generally throughout Europe, which subsists 
almost entirely on fish. The number and variety of birds that 
get their living by preying upon the "finny tribe," as fish are 
sometimes called, are very great, but there are none more 
expert in securing their prey than the Osprey. Of the varie- 
ties of birds in this country that live on fish the gulls are by 
far the most numerous, as also most generally known and 
valued by the people of this Territory, from their having ren- 
dered us such valuable assistance in destroying the crickets 
and grasshoppers which from time to time have infested our 
fields and threatened to cut off the whole of our crops. In 
this they were instrumental in the hands of God in working 
out a great deliverance for the people in the early settle- 
ment of these valleys, of which we shall probably inform our 
readers in some future article. 




The Osprey bears little resemblance to our native gull, 
neither is it noted for any such valuable qualities. Its favorite 
haunts are about the sea shore and in the vicinity of lakes and 
rivers, over the waters of which it soars, darting down ever 
and anon into the water with great rapidity and precision, 
whenever it espies a fish, and emerging immediately with its 
slippery captive firmly clutched in its long black claws. It 
often attains a large size, being found sometimes almost two 
feet in length. Its body is large and plum]), its legs short and 
very strong. Its color is, as shown in our engraving, brown 
on the back and white on the under part of its body with 
small black spots on the breast. Its nest is generally found in 
fir trees and among such rocks as are portrayed in our picture. 
The reader would readily form a correct idea of the prominent 
habits of the bird from the engraving, as at its feet is to be 
seen the skeleton of a fish from which the flesh has been 
devoured, while near it is a large fresh one on which he is about 
to dine. With what a complacent air he gazes about, and 
opens his mouth as if about to quack forth his satisfaction 
with and self-praise for the nice meal prepared for himself, 
reminding one of the manners of some more intelligent, yet 
not loss conceited, specimens of our own species. 



Youth. — A straw will make an impression on the virgin 
snow ; let the snow remain there but a short time, and a horse's 
hoof will not penetrate it. So it is with the youthful mind. A 
trifling word may make an impression upon it; but after a few 
years the most powerful appeals cease to influence. Think of 
this, ye who have the traiuing of the infant mind, and leave 
such impressions thereon as will be safe for it to carry amid the 
follies and temptations of the world. 



?t3^* 



%tluitb i^sftiy* 




LITTLE VOICES LOST I3ST 
SLUMBER. 



Little voices lost in slumber, 
Weary cj'clids closed in sleep ; 

Golden ringlets in profusion, 
O'er the bedclothes sceui to peep. 

Little hands so full of dimples, 
Laid across each other's breast; 

Little teeth of pearly whiteness, 
Have at last lain down to rest. 

Little voices lost in slumber, 
Nought they know of grief or pain ; 

May the Lord protect my darlings — 
Spare them to see mora again. 

All day long their merry prattle 
Filled my heart with fond delight: 

Side by side, now sweetly dreaming, 
Watch them, angels — through the night 



O H .A. !R, I T "Z" - 



How quickly do impatient words 

Spring to the hasty tongue ! 
How many a sneering, hateful speech 

From trembling lips is flung! 
How suddenly the crimson flush 

Flashes o'er brow and check, 
As, goaded on by angry thoughts, 

The cruel words we speak ! 

How apt the lips to curl with scorn, 

The eyes with hate to beam, 
While the whole frame feels the wild 

Of passion's turbid stream ! 
Aud 3 T et that perfect, holy love, 

Charity — lowly, pure — ■ 
Should be so slow to take offense, 

Ought "all things" to endure. 

Only the grace which God will grant 

Cap. raging passions curb, 
And help us quietly to bear 

What doth our peace disturb; 
That strength which comcth from above 

"Will show us how we may, 
In sweet forbearing love with all, 

Live on from day to day. 



nrg« 



Fouit things are grievously empty ; A head without brains', 
a wit without judgment, a heart without honesty, and a purse 
without money. 



J"U""V"EITILE nSTSTIR/LTOTOIR, 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 50. 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

W- Grain brought to this City for the Juvf.nilk Instructor will ba 
>ccelved at the office of our paper— Deskket News Buildings. 




