
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER ]. 18G8. 



NO. 19. 



3yCJk.3Sr j^l<T ID SIIS ^7-J^K.IETIES -{Coniirmed.) 



THE revelations of the Lord to the Prophet Joseph Smith 
have dispelled the darkness with regard to the origin of 
many of the varieties of man now on the earth. In so doing 
they so entirely upset many of the favorite ideas of the 1 -.i ned 
regarding mankind, that we are almost led to doubt all theu' 
deductions from scientific reasoning and learned theories. 

In the first place we learn from the word of God given unto 
us in these days, that the race who inhabit this continent are 
not a separate and distinct people from the rest of the inhabi- 
tants of the earth; but that they belong to the same stock as 
one of the best known families of men now existing. We mean 



tion into their traditions and legends. No greater proof of 
the truth of the saying that God made of one blood all the 
nations of the earth can be given to those who believe the book 
of Mormon, than the fact of the Lamanites and the Jews being so 
nearly allied; for there are no people who differ more widely in 
outward appearance. 

To this same family must be added a great number of the 
inhabitants of the islands in the Pacific Ocean. These are class- 
ed by uninspired men in the JIalayan race, and generally known 
by the name of Polynesians. That it is a mistake to class them 
with the Malays of Southern Asia and the adjacent islands, 





the Jews. In other words that the Ini.li;ins we see around u>< 
are descended from Israel, consequently they belong, as do the 
Jews and Arabs, to the Semctic race, which, as we previously told 
you, means the nee that has sprung from Sheni. No one would 
have thought this from their appearance, though a few fanei'^d 
from the traditions and customs of some of the tribes that they 
might be of Israciitish origin; but this idea met with Ijut very 
little favor from the generality ol'niankind Ildwovcr, the testi- 
mony of the book of Mormon is being confirmed by the 
discovery of tlie ruiund cities of the ancient inhuljitants, by 
the finding of words and senfencos in Hebrew engraved on stone 
or metal about the bodies of tiicir dead, utid by a fuller investiga- 



is we believe admitted by most men who have visited them and 
studied their character and aiipearance Their color — brown — 
is about the only thing they have in common. In beauty of faoe 
and form, in strength of body, in their aptitude to learn the 
ways and literature of more civilized people, they far exceed the 
Asiatic people with whom they are numbered. If we take the 
Sandwich Islanders as the type of these scattered people, we 
know how soon tlicy adopted the religion of Eurojieans and 
imitated their habits and mode of dress. It was not so very 
niaijy ycarsal'ter their discoveiy by Captain Cook, that their laws 
were chiinged to a European pattern, schools and colleges were 
established, and unfortunately the crimes and vices so prevalent 



r^ 



x^ 




^TJ"VEn^IILE IIsTSTI^TJCTOI^ 



r?td 



o^ 



in modern chri>tenJom became general amongst the natives: 
which evils are now destroying them much more rapidly than 
they increase by births, so that it is feared that in a few gener- 
ations the race will become extinct. 

It is well understood by us that these people are of the same 
stock as the Lamanites. The general impression is that some 
adventurous Xephito sailor of old in crossing from South to 
North America along the western coast of the Isthmus of Pan- 
ama and of Mexico, either like Columbus started out to dis- 
cover new land^ beyond the.«ea, or was carried by a storm from 
the shores of America and was at last drii'ted on to one of 
these islands. The last idea is the most probable; in fact men- 
tion is made in the book of Mormon (page 3.~^8) of two large 
ships who sailed, about fif y years before Christ, from some 
port on the north west coast of South America, filled with pco 
pie and provisions, who failed to reach the northern continent 
and were never heard of more. 

One great evidence to the Latter-day Saints that the Sand- 
wich Islanders are of the house of Israel is the success the 
Elders have had in preaching the gospel in their midst. Not 
that it is a sure rule that all those nations who have not receiv- 
ed the gospel are not of the promised seed; for God has not 
as yet turned the key to some of them to obey the gospel. 
But when we see a people obey the everlasting gospel in great 
numbers, we have a right to consider that they are descended 
from those to whom the promises were given. There is much also 
in the traditions of this people that tends to prove their Israel- 
itish descent. One of our first missionaries learned from an old 
native gentleman, who was considered the best versed in the 
ancient customs of his people of any man then living, that these 
Islanders used to observe the law of circutncision, had cities of 
refuge for those who acoidently slew their fell iw man, and in 
the relationship of man and wife they observed some of the 
regulations of the Mosaic law. It would be very difBcult to 
understand how they obtained these ideas if not from the fact 
of their being a branch of the house of Lsrael. 

We have also good reason to suppose that the inhabitants of 
many of the other groups of islands in the Pacific Ocean have 
the same origin. The great similarity of the language of the 
Sandwich I.-Unders to that of the distant New Zealanders, 
Tahitians and others goes far to prove this. Any one who is 
well aciiuainted with one of these laniruages has but little diffi- 
culty in understanding the others. This is the more remark- 
able considering how fir apart some nf thes',' groups lie from the 
rest. Another proof of their kindred origin i> the sroat resem- 
blance in the appearance of the people of the dilforiMit Polynesian 
groups. Their fairness of complexion, when compared to their 
neighbors who dwell nearer the .\siatic shore, is remarkable, 
some of the Polynesians being scarcely darker than Spaniards 
or Italians; and the further they dwell from that shore the less 
of the very dark bloorl they appear to have aiiionist them. 
The people of the .Sandwich, Friendly, Society, Navigators and 
> arquesas Islands, with those of neighboring smaller groujis, 
appear to liave never mixed with other darker races but are 
the pure original stock. While the Figi (pronounced Feojoe) 
I.slanders. the New Zealander-, the inhabitants of New Caledo- 
nia and the New IIebrid';s appear to have greatly mixed with 
the Au'^tralian race or with the Negroes of New luinca and 
the Philipine Island-. It is suppo.sod by many that tlie dark 
races were the original possessors of the .soil of those mixed 
islands, that in later times the fairer people landed on their 
shores, and, being the stronger race, cither subjugated tlie orig- 
inal inhabitants or absorbed tliem by marriage with their own 
people. It is not difficult to believe this was the ease, if our 
idea is correct of the fairer race beins the ilesccndants of those 
people who left "•'outh .\inericairi the two -liip^ that were never 
heard of afterward.s, which event occured about I'JUU years ago. 



[t is probable that the Sandwich Islands being by far the near- 
est to their line of voyage would be the first place at which they 
landed, and having settled there, in the course of time either by 
intent or accident they reached some of the other groups of is- 
lands, some of which are not so far from the Sandwich Islands 
as these islands are distant from the main land from whence 
they started. S|ireading out in this manner southward and 
westward the New Hebrides, New Caledonia and New Zea- 
land would be the last they would reach, they being about the 
farthest to the south west of any of the groups. 

To show how little these people resemble the Malays of the 
Asiatic waters we will quote from the description of the inhab- 
itants of the island of Tahiti by a well known writer. He says 
that "all the Tahitians, almost without exception, are very 
handsome men, their limbs of graceful proportions, at the same 
time robust. Their faces have generally a mild, gentle and 
frank exp ession. The head of the Tahitian would be Euro- 
pean were it not for the spreading of the nostrils and the too 
great thickness of the lips." The peojile of the Marquesas are 
said to be still better looking, many of them quite fair and 
withoutthat thickness of the lips mentioned above. Even in the 
hottest regions, nearest the equator, many of these Islanders are 
no darker than an olive or light brown. 

There is yet another peculiarity that helps to prove these 
Islanders of American origin. It is the great resemblance in 
size, shape and build that the ruins scattered all over Polynesia 
bear to those discovered in Peru, Bolivia and other parts of this 
continent. Their temples, fortresses and other large buildings 
appear to have been budt from the same model as many of the 
huge ruins scattered over the length and breadth of this land. 

G. R. 



t^clecte'l Jroiii J''-cob AbbotCs Writings, 
[CONTINUED.] 



THIS act is considered as marking an era in the politi al his- 
tory of the world. It is the first instance that ever occurred 
in which the foundations of a government were formally laid by 
a written comjiact entered into by the peojile themselves who 
were to compose the nation to be governed. The number of 
men who signed this compact was forty-one. Tl e number of 
persons in the vessel men, women, and children, was one hun- 
dred and one. 

Tlie party met with a great deal of difficulty and delay, as 
they came in sight of the land, before they could finally go 
on shore. So large a number of woiuen and children, of course, 
could not leave the .ship until proper provision had been made 
for them on land; and as none of those who were on board the 
ship knew any thing of the coast, a slow and careful exjiloration 
of it was necessary l)€f(ire any thing could be done. This ex- 
ploration could not be made in the ship itself, tor fear of run- 
ning her upon rocks or sho-ils. They were oliliged, therefore, 
to take a boat for this jmrpose, with a small party of brave, 
strong, and prudent men to niaiiage it. There was a kind of 
boat on board the vessel called a shallop, but it had been dam- 
aged on the voyage, and needed repair.s. It was a fortnight 
before it was ready. 

When, al last, the shallop was ready, a small company of 
men took it and went on a voyage of discovery. The weather 
was cold and stormy, and the party endured a great deal of ex- 
posure an 1 suffering. Tliey w.,iit up into eveiy bay and inlet 
I they could find, and landed in several places in search of a good 
I yituation to buiM tlieir town. It was neces>aiy that the place 
I should be near a harbor, in order to accommodate the ships 






'^,^*^' 




MTETKw;*f;"j~ ■«-«>^J«^jg<j^.g>,-B«neiig.-.--^g=r-j 



rvfSffKrwmiiJiM-'j^f ■j.-j^.-vB-tCT'.*' ■^-wY-n-^g-r-' 



vJTJ'VElNriLE! T3srSTie.TJOTOI^ 




I 



that would come, from time to time, trom Kngland, to visit the 
colony and bring sujiplies. So they looked every where tor a 
harbor, but could not find any. 

At some of the places where they landed they found traces 
of Indians. There were deserted wigwams here and there, and 
once they saw an Indian burying-ground; but they could not 
find any good place for a town, and at length they gave up the 
search, aud went back to the ship. The company on board, 
though they were very tired of the ship, and longed to land, 
were not discouraged. They prayed daily to Almighty God to 
takecaie of them and guide them, and they felt full trust and 
confidence in his goodness and power. 

The nest day another party was formed to renew the search. 
It was a cold and windy day, and when they launched the shal- 
lop in the surf, and got down into it over the sidj of the vessel, 
the spray dashed upon them, and froze upon their clothing. 
They, however, persevered. Th y followed the coast that day 
for many miles. It was the coast of Cape Cod, on the western 
side. When night came, they went on .shore and encamped. 
The ground was covered with snow, but they contrived to build 
a hut to shelter them, and, after praying to God to preserve 
them through the night, they lay down and went to sleep. 

The next morning, while they were kneeling down on the cold 
and snowy ground at prayers, they suddenly heard a whoop and 
yell from a band of Indians, and a number of arrows came 
flying about them from the woods. It seems that, some time 
ago, a ship had touched on this part of the coast and had en 
ticed some Indians on board, and had then sailed away, taking 
the Indians with them. This exasperated the tribe so much 
that they resolved that, if any English ever came again and 
landed on their shores, they would kill them. After shooting 
their arrows at the party, however, and endeavoring to frighten 
them with their dreadful 3'elling, they did no more, but went 
away. The boat party then eoibarked on board the shallop, 
and continued their voyage. They sailed along the coast for 
forty miles, but could find no harbor. 

At length, near the close of the day, when they were begin- 
ning to think of turning the boat in towards the shore to 
encamp for the night, a sudden storm of wind, rain, and snow 
came on. The air became so obscured that they could not see. 
The waves rose and dashed against the boat, and finally broke 
the rudder. They then bad to steer by the oars alone. They 
kept all the sails spread, so as to go as fast as possible, in order 
to get to the land before the sea should rise so high as to over- 
whelm them. This was too much for the mast in such a high 
wind, and at length it suddenly snapped in three pieces, and 
all went overboard. The boat was now near the shore, and 
there were roaring breakers ahead and all around them. In 
a word, they were apparently in a situation of the most immi- 
nent danger. 

But they were, in fact, just entering upon the hour of their 
deliverance. It is very often so in the dealings of God with 
his people. He leads them through danger an i terror to 
hajjpiness and rest. The boatmen saw before them an opening 
into an inlet, and they contrived to guide the shallop in. They 
found them.selves at the entrance o*' a harbor. They were so 
worn out and exhausted w th the labors and dai.gers of the 
day, that, as soon as they got the bo.it into sheltered water, 
they turned and went a.shore on the nearest land, i he land 
was an island which lay Just within the mouth of the harbor. 
The name of the first man that stepped onshore was Clarke, 
so they named the island Clarke's Island. 

As soon as the nK^n landed they built a fire. The storm 
cleared away, but the snow was very deep on the ground, and 
it was diifiiMilt for lliciii to provide for tliemsclves any tolerable 
shelter. They remained on this island all the next day, em- 
ployed in mending tiieir boat, drying their clothes, cleaning 



their arms, and in other ways repaying the damages of the 

torm This was Saturday. They lemained on the island 
during the following day too, for they would not, even in such 
an emergency as this, go on with the ordinary labors and duties 
of life on the Sabbath day. They spent the day in rest, in 
services of public woiship, and in silent meditation and prayer. 

Early on Monday morning the party launched fhe shallop 
again, and sailed across the harbor to the main land. They 
stepped out from their boat upon a small flat rock which lay 
on the beach. This rock has since become very famous ia 
history as the Plymouth Rock, the place where the pilgrim 
fathers of New England first set their loot upon the main land. 

In the mean time, the people on board the ship were waiting 
patiently at their anchorage, fifty miles away, not knowing 
what had become of the shallop and the party of explorers. 
In due time, however, the boat went back and, to the great 
joy of the company on board the ship, informed them that 
they had found an excellent harbor. The ship accordingly set 
saD, and soon entered the port. The men landed near the rock, 
and very soon began to build houses for the women and children 
on the shore. 

Thus was begun the first permanent New England colony. 
In process of time new settlers came out in considerable num- 
bers, and new colonies were established all along the New 
England shores, and in some places the settlements extended 
far into the interior of the country. These settlers came ia 
various expeditions and at various times, but nearly all of them 
were animated with the same spirit and the same desires ia 
leaving their native land, and coming to make for themselves 
new homes on the cold and stormy shores of America. They 
wished to be Jree; and more than all, they wished to found a 
civil state in which their children might be free. They wished 
to be free not only from political, but also from religious 
domination. 

Most of these Pilgrim emigrants came from England and 
settled in the Northern States, but some went to places further 
south. There was one company of Protestants that had been 
driven from Flanders into Holland just as the Puritans had 
gone there from England; and this party, too, after remaining 
for some time in Amsterdam, determined to emigrate to Ameri- 
ca, though they went to the Hudson, and joined the Dutch 
colony of New Amsterdam. They were called WaUoons. They 
were almost the first party of emigrants from Holland that came 
with their wives and children to iNew Amsterdam with the 
design to live and die there Indeed, the pilgrims generally 
were the first who came to America with the design of making 
the new country their permanent homo. Those who had come 
before had only intended to remain for a time in the New 
World, till they had made their fortunes by buying furs of the 
Indians, oi by the gold and sUver which they hoped to find. 

It is supposed that the WaUooa,-. took their name hom their 
living originally iu a low country near the sea, where ihe water 
was kept out by the dyke or wall. 

The I'h mouth Rock, where the May Flower company landed, 
has been since greatly venerated by all the people of New 
England. It lay, of course, originally in a low position, and 
very near the water, and in process of time, wharves were built 
out opposite to it, and the land was filled in, so that now it 
lies in the middle of a street at some distance from the water. 
A large fragment of it has, however, been taken ofi", and carried 
up to a public place in the town ot Plymouth, where it is in- 
clostd within an iron railing to protect it from injury. It is 
iiicribed with the date of the year 1020, which was the year 
when the Pilgrims landed upon it. 

The rest ol' the stone remains in its original place, though that 

is now one of the streets of the town. A great many people go 

every year to visit the spot, and to look upon this venerable 

memento of the hardships aiiij sufferings of their forelachers. 

(To be Continued,) 






^^^ 




^:»-.,o«T.w^-i,^.^*t*tr%^jiw.«.»»-^«»^pg^^»^t«,^.,3Wi»«^»^^c-^^^.tf^,..,...^^^^ ^ .^ 



«M 



148 



CT TJ -^T E IsT I L E IIST S T I^ TJ O T O I^ 



^XcSl 



^S 



:ft 



^Tt0 5u&(ttil0 ins.fruclar. 



ttf 



CiUlOrjGili; Q. Oj^.IS'iVOIV, : iaX>ITOT5. 

OCTOBER 1 , 1 <s (5 S . 



EIDITOK/I^^L THZOXJO-HITS. 




E know some little bo3-s whose father, the 
other day, had some serious talk with 
them about the use of bad words and 
keejiing company with rude and uncouth 
boys. In reply to his question as to 
^^l-^jAi^^^l^a^ whether they ever used improper lan- 
'""^' guage, one of them confessed that some- 

times he did; that he had said naughty 
words a few times latelj'. Those were little 
boys, and their father spoke very kindly to 
them, and explained to them how easy the 
habit of speaking rough, bad words would 
grow upon them, if they used them when they 
were small. The boys listened very carefully 
to all he had to say to them; they did not want 
-^T-;^^\ to grieve their father in any way, and they appeared 
^P~^A- to be anxious to remember what he told them. 
-'^^r^Ml' The next morning he stepped into the bedroom 
4 >)j * where two of them were in bed, and he found them 
writing on a sheet of paper each. The paper was ruled with 
lines for the day of the month, and then a space for other writing. 
He inquired what they were doing, and was told tha they had 
got these sheets of paper to write down every naughty word 
they should say. They intended to put down the words and 
also the the time when they should say them. They were going 
to have a daily record of all their bad si)eeches. 

What do you think of this plan, children? If these boys' 
habit of talking naughty words was a very strong one, it might 
do them good and help them break off' the habit by writing 
down eveiy word of this kind they should speak. But it would 
bo far better for these boj-s, and for all others, too, if they 
would never use bad words, and then they would not have 
them to write down. Jesus told liis di.-jciples to let their com- 
munications bo, 

''Yea, yea; Nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these 
cometh of evil." 

He also said at another time: 

'That every idle word that men shall speak, they sliall give 
account thereof in the day of judgment." 

Boys may keen books in which they write down everj' wrong 
act and word; but they cannot keep so perfect a record of these 
things as do the angel.s. God knows every thing that we say 
and do, and a record is kejit by which wc .shall all be judged. 
Ili.s record cannot be destroyed; but those kept by men may be. 
Children, when ynu are temiitcd to use bad language, or to 
do bad acts, remember that you arc lioard and seen. There 
may be no human eye to see you; but you are seen. There arc 
beings around you, whom you cannot .see, whoso eyes and cars 
are open to all you do and say. You cannot hide yourselves 
from them. 



It is not high crimes, such as robberies and murders, which 
destroy the peace of society, so much as idle gossip, family 
quarrels, jealousies and bickerings between neighbors, meddle- 
someness and tattling, which arc the canker that cats into all 
social happiness. 






For the Juvenile Instructor, 



I SHALL remember for many a day on one occasion when I 
was passing down the Ganges — the sacred river of the 
Hindoos — in a steamboat, we came opposite what is called the 
"Bunder-ghaat, ' or monkeys' landing place, the steps of 
' which were thronged with about fifty monkeys of all sizes and 
ages. They sat and stared at us as we passed by, little think- 
ing of the shower of bullets which the passengers were prepar- 
ing for them. These bullets were discharged at them from the 
side of the vessel when it was a quarter of a mile distant, and 
sent them off screaming and chattering, causing them to take 
shelter among the great banyan and peepul trees which grew 
all around the spot. 

On inquiry, I found out that there was a superstitious 
Ifgend current among the natives, that the.se creatures were 
the descendants of a crowd of Hindoos, who had assembled 
there about two hundred and seventy years ago, performing 
the sacred duties ot wa hing, according to their religion, when 
they unluckily offended the river God, (very likely a crocodile,) 
and for this they were immediately changed into monkeys. 
The natives have a superstitious reverence for monkeys, and 
consider it very unlucky to pass one by without giving it some- 
thing to eat, 11 they happen to have food or fruit with them 
at the time. 

We had not proceeded far down the river, when the captain 
gave Older to stop the vessel; and to our great surprise, a native 
man came on board, having swam from the shore. He soon 
reached the deck by means of a rope, which he climbed. He 
had a fish weighing about twenty pounds, tied by a string to the 
cloth around his middle — his only clothing. This fish he pre- 
sented to the captain, and with a smiling countenance and a 
grand salaam (bow) he received half a rupee, (twenty five 
cents, ) plunged overboard and was quickly out of sight. 

w. 



THE THREE FRIENDS.— Trust no friend before thou 
hast tried him; I'or they abound more at the festal board than 
at the iirison door. 

A certain man had three friends, two of them he loved warmly, 
the other he regarded with inditt'erence, though that one was the 
truest of his well-wishers. The man was summoned before a tri- 
bunal, and though innocent, his accusers were bitter again.st him. 

"Who among you," said he, "will go with me, and be as wit- 
ness for me? Eor my accusers are bitter against me, and the 
judge is displeased." 

The first of his friends at once excused himself from accom- 
panying him, on the plea of other business. The second tbl- 
lowcd him to the door of the tribunal; there he turned back 
and went his way, through fear of the judge. The third, on 
whom he relied the least, spoke lor him, and bore witness to 
his innocence, so that the judge dismissed and rewarded him. 

]\Ian has three friends in this world; how do they demean 
themselves towards him in the hour of death, when God calls 
him to judgment? His best beloved friend, gold is the first to 
leave him, and .-iccompanies him not. His friends and kinsmen 
accompany him to the portal of the grave, and then turn back 
to their own houses. The third, whom he is most neglectful of 
is his good work.s. Tlu-y alone go with him to the Judge's 
thi-'Mic; thi'v stand Ix-lore him, and obtain mercy and grace. 



AVoi'i.D you licar a sweet and pleasant echo, speak sweetly 
and i)lcasanlly yourself. 




s^ 



OTTJ^En^IHiE IlsrSTIS.TJGTOI^ 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ID I SOBIEIDTiElNrOE JL IsT 3D 
ITS E.ESTJLTS. 



I WONDER what is the matter with this little girl in the 
engraving! How sorrowful she looks, and she seems to be 
crying bitterly as though her heart was very much grieved, and 
she was very sorry for something she had done. I wonder 
what can be the matter, and why she weeps! Certainly she 
must have been acting very naughiily or she would not feel so 
sad and sorrowful; for when little children do right they are 
always happy; then God loves them, and their parents, broth- 
ers, sisters and schoolmates love and respect them and love 
their company. But if they are idle and disobedient, no one 
loves them or seems to care anything about them. This little 
girl's mother seems to be standing beside her; perhaps she has 
disobeyed her mother and she is telling her how sinful it is for 
children to be disobedient to their kind parents whom God has 
placed over them, and whom it is their duty to obey. Or, per- 
haps, she has been unkind to her teacher and neglected her 
studies. In either case she has done very wrong, and it is 
right that she should be sorry; but if she does not do better 
and change her conduct, all her sorrow will do no good, for we 
must not only be sorry for sin, but should strive to overcome 
our faults and pray to God to help us and give us his Holy 
Spirit to guide us aright and keep us from evil. 




I once knew two little boys who lived in the same town and 
who attended the same school, and whom we will call Henry 
and Edward. Both had comfortable homes, and kind parents, 
who wanted to see their little sons happy and beloved, and 
they sent them to school to have them educated that they 
might become good and intelligent men. 

We will see how they rewarded this kindness of their parents. 
Henry loved his father and mother, and took delight in doing 
all they bade him, and in endeavoring to fulfill their every 
wish. He not only studied hard at school and got his lessons 
well, but was kind and obliging at home doing all he could to 
show his gratitude to his parents and to assure them that their 
efforts should not Ise in vain. Thus he went on, by his good- 
ness, kindness and studious habits winning the love and esteem 
of all who knew him, and steadily gaining knowledge every 
day until he became a thorough scholar, and is now capable of 
filling stations of responsibility. This consciousness of having 
thus spent his time affords him happiness, and he can look 
back with pleasure on his past life without any mi.sgivings as 
to whether he lias done right. "But what has become of 
Edward all this timeV" you ask, "and how has he spent his 
time?" Although his parents sent him to good schools, paid 
his tuition and used every means in their power to induce him 
to devote his time to study, that he might become a useful 



man, all their efforts were in vain. He had equal talents with 
Henry, had he only cultivated them; but his time was spint in 
idleness in school and out; no one loved or respected him, 
because he appeared to be indifferent to every thing that would 
have made him a noble and honorable man, and grew up insig- 
nificant and unesteemed; and he may, like the little girl in the 
picture, have felt very sorry, but at so late a day as to be unable 
to make amends for spending his time in idleness. 

We hope this little girl, if .she has got bad habits, and does 
wrong, will try to overcome her faults, and not let them grow 
up with her to womanhood, that she may not have cause to 
feel so bad again. 

Do you ever think how precious time is and that you have 
but one life to live? Try, then, to live so that when you grow 
n\i you can look back on your life with a consciousness of hav- 
ing passed it usefully and honestly, and of having done your 
duty to all around you and in a manner to please your Heavenly 
Father. Rajitha. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



IP O O ID . 

[CONTINUED.] 



MILK is said to be "a type of all food," for it contains all 
the substances named. The oily or fatty matter is found 
in the butter, the fibrinous matter in the cheese. If milk is 
boiled it thickens, the albumen is coagulated, the same as 
white of egg would be, which is albumen. Sugar, and also 
various salts are found in milk. These are all held in solution 
when milk is new; if it stands a while the oily particles, being 
lighter than the others, float up to the surface; this we call 
cream. When this substance is beaten in a churn the small 
bags which contain the oil break and the fatty matter forms a 
solid mass; this we call butter. The other substance which we 
call cheese is separated from milk by curdling with rennet, an 
animal preparation used for this purpose; the curd may, how- 
ever, be obtained by using other acids. If the milk stands 
long enough it naturally forms a curd, for the sugar contained 
in the milk changes into an acid. The other principles can 
also be separated from the milk, and show that the proper 
elements, in proper proportions for forming blood, are held in 
solution in the proper proportion of water. It will be well to 
remember these things, as it wUl prove a help to form a correct 
idea of the nature of food. 

It is found upon examination chemically, that phosphorous 
and lime, sulphur and potash, glycerin and silica (flint, ) chlorine 
and sodium (soda, ) magnesia and iron are contained in small 
quantities in the bod}'. With the exception of the phosphorous 
and lime, which amount to about four pounds, all the others 
together are little more than half a pound; but small as is the 
quantity, they are of so much importance that when any of 
them are absent the blood becomes unhealthy, and unless they 
are supplied, disease and death are the consequences. This is 
why iron is sometimes prescribed in medicine, and why certain 
herbs are useful; they contain salts which are needed by the 
body. These salts are also contained in the vegetables we use 
as food; but sometimes, being soluble in water, they are 
boiled out in cooking and thrown away. The importance of 
these salts, may be seen from the fact that when we are deprived 
of them, health is lost. A few years ago these things were 



XI 



ts 



J-XJ^E1ITII-.E IIDTSTI^TJCTOI^ 



not understood; sailors suflfered greatly in conseqence; a disease 
called ncurfi/ destroyed many lives. It was found that when 
potatoes could be procured men got well. Potatoes and other 
vegetables contain potash, which was needed. Lime juice (a 
kind of lemon) was found to cure the disease; lime juice also 
contains potash. Sometimes the lime juice was adulterated 
with sulphuric acid and, when medical men prescribed it, it 
did not cure the disease because the potash was wanting. This 
was very wicked, but no doubt the merchants thought the acid 
principle only was needed. Now, vegetables in a dried and 
compressed form, something like our dried fruits, are taken on 
long voyages, and men do not sutfer as they did formerly, 
because the vegetable salts are contained in their food. 

However little work we may do our bodies are constantly 
wearing away, and, unless we take food to repair the waste of 
"tissue,'' that is, the substance of the parts, we must suffer. 
When we are even thinking there is wear and tear of the brain; 
when the nerves convey messages from one part of the body to 
another a portion of nerve substance is worn out; when we 
move a limb the substance of the muscles suffers loss, the 
action of the lungs and heart exhausts the natural powers by a 
waste of tissue, and the slow combustion going on throughout 
the body, by which the animal heat is maaitained, all consume 
material. 

Food, tlicn, is necessary to repair the wa^te which, if not 
arrested, would destroy us. It is established by actual experi- 
ment that certain kinds of food are necessary to preserve the 
health, and we can know for a certainty what they are. As to 
the quantity we may require, that depends upon the nature of 
our avocations. We may learn much that will enable us to 
understand how food supports Ufe, and why it does so; also, the 
best kinds of food, because we may learn to know what food 
really is. 

In the same way that milk may Ve considered a type of all 
food, bread may be regarded as a type of what solid food 
should be; it will, therefore, be the first in order in our inves- 
tigations. Beth. 
[Condndixl in onr nart.) 






hi%%. 



^T-jsiT xixix: 



TEE LOUD WILL PROVIDE. 



ICONCI.UDKI). I 

THIS act of kindness and brotherly love was not lost upon 
papa, for he was a man who coiild appreciate such an act. 
It is the works that wc do that render our words jiowerful and 
give men influence in this state of probation. As the body 
without the spirit is dead, so faith without works, words without 
acts, are dead also. Acts of .self-denial, of kindness, u.sefulne.ss 
and love are the bright flowers of our lives; and I'orm the most 
pleisin? reflections in the historj- of a life. 

Our travelers .soon reached a point tliat was within one mile 
of (ireon river crossing. It was on Saturday evening, and there 
bein? plenty of wood and water convenient, they took the 
opportunity of a regular clean up. Traveling over the plains in 
OS teams is a ver>' dusty business. Our travellers freijuently 
found the value of water and the comfort of cleanliness, also the 
discomfort of dust. Sometimes as tliey were sitting down to 
dinner a cloud of dust would bo strewn over their food; that 



was a poor substitute for pepper. The next day, Sunday, they 
made a day of rest and held meetings, and enjoyed themselves 
generalk'. The next day they travelled a short distance and 
camped, for they had to travel about twenty miles over a desert 
before they could reach water for their.cattle. The cattle be- 
longed to the train still occasionally died, and some were under 
the apprehensions that they would have to cache some of their 
loading to lighten the oxens' burden. Late in the afternoon 
they rolled out, and traveled some time after the moon had 
illuminated the prairie, and camped on a sage plain. Early the 
next day they were traveling. A long journey was before them 
before they could reach water. The sun arose, and the camp 
had scarcely got well started when a tongue of one of the fore 
most wagons was broken. This was temporarily repaired. 
They had not gone far when an ox gave out and died, another 
impediment which consumed time. The sun's rays poured 
down, and reflecting on the sand, rendered it very hot to the 
di.-comfort of both men and cattle. Their water was all con- 
sumed, and there was suflering from thirst. It was a bad 
road in a desolate country, reminding the travelers of the 
descriptions of the deserts in Arabia. The cattle seemed 
to toil wearily along, their tongues hanging out of their mouths, 
and panting with thirst and heat. Occasionally one would 
give out. Every one driving a team feared lest his would give 
out next. Papa seemed anxious, the girls were suffering from 
the heat, and no one was disposed much to talk. Would 
they never reach the end of that desert? Had not the captain 
niado a mistake? These were anxious moments, and many 
thoughts of danger were presented to their imagination; still 
they toiled on. Suddenly they came to the brow of a hill, and 
Oh, joy! there was a resting place with grass and water in 
plenty. A corral was soon formed, and the thirsty cattle soon 
released from the yoke. 

After a long rest they again went on their journey, traveled 
but two or three miles and camped on Ham's Fork, where 
there was plenty of sage brush. Camp fires in plenty illumi- 
nated the camp that night, and as the family sat around the 
fire after sujjper, they talked of the pioneers, who, when driven 
from Nauvoo, crossed the barren deserts, forded streams, built 
bridges, and accomplished one of the most remarkable journeys 
in the history of the world. Our travelers continued their 
journey without any particular incident, that part of which lay 
through the mountains being the most pleasant and hcalthl'ul, 
and they arrived in Salt Lake City in safety. 

Kow, my little maidens, this is but a similar histoiy to the 
thousands who have embraced the gospel and crossed the sea 
and plains to do the will of Him who has said: "Come out of 
her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that 
ye receive not of her plagues." His providence is over all; 
He protects and provides for all his children. It is from Him 
that we receive the knowledge of the truth, and the wisdom 
and blessings of the new and everlasting covenant. The great 
lesson we have to learn is to acknowledge His hand in all things 
understandingly. 

And now, little Agnes, and you, my little maidens, who 
wish for the welfare of the Juvenile Instructor, know 
that our Heavenly Father will ])rosper every good work. When- 
ever in the course of your lives 3'ou have imi)rossions to pe.- 
form any good act, always do it, and let your lives be full of acts 
of kindness and love and you will enjoy a purer happiness and 
calmer joy than are ever experienced by the selfish. Follow good 
instructions, and your days will be lull of peace, and in the 
history of your lives, you will have this testimony to bear: "The 
Lord will trovide." 



God is angry with the wicked every day. 



^(^9 



0" TJ "^r E 1^ 1 1_. E liTSTI^TJGTOI^, 



B^^^^H^l^- 






THE 




Y Joseph's invitation a numerous company 
of his friends spent the 18th of January, 
1843, at his house. While they were 
together Joseph read to them a letter writ- 
ten by John C. Bennett to Sidney Kigdon, 
in which he threatened Joseph in the most 
vindictive manner. He said new proceedings 
had been gotten up on the old charges, and 
nothing could save him; they would carry 
him off to Missouri and there deal with him. 
If Rigdon could have had his way he would 
have kept this letter from Joseph; he did not 
want it known that he had received such a letter. 
Joseph had good reasons to believe that Sidney Rig- 
don was acting traitorously with him, and that he 
was in secret correspondence with his enemies. His 
subsequent conduct proved that he was not a true, 
reliable man. 

On Sunday, the 22nd of January, Joseph preached at the 
Temple. In the course of his remarks he said: "I shall not be 
sacrificed until my time conies; then I shall be offered freelj'." 
Remarkable words! and remarkably fulfilled! The next Sun- 
day he answered two questions which had been asked him 
concernning his discourse of the previous Sunday. These 
questions were so interesting that we have thought it best to 
insert the answers he gave to them, even though they are 
rather lengthy. 

The first question arose from the saying of Jesus: 
"Among those that are born of women, there hath not arisen 
a greater than John the Baptist: nevertheless, he that is least 
in the kingdom of heaven is greater than he." 

"How is it that John was considered one of the greatest of 
prophets? His miracles cou'.d not have constituted his great- 
ness." 

"Firstly. He was intrusted with a divine mission of prepar- 
ing the way before the face of tlie Lord. Who ever had such a 
trust committed to him liefore or since? No man. 

"Secondly. He was intrusted with the important mission, 
and it was required of his hands to baptize the Son of Man. 
Who ever had the honor of doing that? Who ever had so great 
a privilege and glory? Who ever led the Son of God into the 
waters of baptism, and liad the privilege of beholding the Holy 
Ghost descend in the form of a dove, or rather in the sir/n of a 
dove, in witness of that administration? The sign of the dovo 
was instituted before the creation of the world, a witness for 
the Holy Ghost, and the Devil cannot come in the sign of a 
dove. The Holy Ghost is a personage, and is in the form of a 
personage. It does not confine itself to the form of a dove, but 
in siffit of a dovo. The Holy Ghost cannot be transformed into 
a dove; but the sign of a dove was given to John to signify the 
truth of the deed, as the dove is an emblem or token of truth 
and innoocnce. 

"Thirdly. John, at that time, was the only legal administra- 
tor ill the afl'airs of the kingdom there was then on the earth 
and holding the keys of power. The Jews had to obey his 
iiistruc-ticjns or Ije damned, Ijy their own law; and Christ him- 
self fiiUilled all righteousness in becoming obedient to the law 
which Ho bad given to Mosos on the mount, and thereby mag- 
nified it and made it hoiiorublo, instead of destroying it. The 
son of Zachariah wrested the keys, the kingdom, the power. 



the glory from the Jews, by the holy anointing and decree of 
heaven; and these three reasons constitute him the greatest 
prophet born of a woman." 

Second question: — "How was the least in the kingdom of 
heaven greater than he?" 

In reply Joseph asked — "Who did Jesus have reference to as 
being the least? Jesus was looked upon as having the least claim 
in all God's kingdom, and was least entitled to their credulity as 
a prophet, as though he had said — 'He that is considered least 
among you is greater than John — that is, myself.' " 

Joseph was unanimously elected mayor of the city of Nauvoo, 
on February 6th, for the term of two years. He marked out 
very plainly the course which he wished to see offcers take in 
relation to salaries, fees, etc. He prophesied to James Sloan, 
the City Recorder, that it would be better for him, ten years 
from that time, if he were not to say anything more about fees. 
He also urged upon the City Council the necessity of their 
acting upon tlie principle of liberality and of relieving the city 
from all unnecessary expenses and burdens. He prophesied 
that if they would be liberal in their proceedings, they would 
become rich; and spoke against the principle of pay lor every 
little service rendered, and esijecially of committees having 
extra pay for their services. 

These were words of wisdom and salvation. How different 
would be the condition of our unhappy nation to-day, if its 
officers had always taken a course such as that recommended 
by Joseph to the officers of the city of Nauvoo! 

While at Ramus, a town in Hancock county, about 
miles from Nauvoo, Joseph had a conversation with the breth- 
ren on AprU 2nd, 1843, in which he stated: 

"I prophesy, in the name of the Lord God, that the com- 
mencement of the difficulties which will cause much bloodshed 
previous to the coming of the Son of Man will be in South Car- 
olina. It may probably arise through the slave question. This 
a voice declared to me, while I was praying earuestly upon the 
subject, December 25th, 18:32. 

"I was once praying very earnestly to know the time of the 
coming of the Son of Man, when I heard a voice repeat the 
following: — 'Joseph, my son, if thou livest until thou art eighty- 
five years old, you shall see the face of the Son of Man: there- 
fore let this suffice, and trouble me no more on this matter.' 
I was left thus, without being able to decide whether this com- 
ing referred to the beginning of the millennium or to some 
previous appearing, or whether I should die and thus see his 
face. I believe the coming of the Son of Man will not be any 
sooner than that time." 

(To be Continued.) 



THIE HilTTXjE STK.^^lsrC3-EI?.. 



THOUGH a man of very strict principles, no man ever en- 
joyed a joke more than Dr. Byron; he had a vast fund of 
humor and ready wit, and with children, particularly, he loved 
to chat familiarly and draw them out. As he was one day pas- 
sing into the house, he was accosted by a little boy, who asked 
him if he wanted any sauce, meaning vegetables. 'J'he Doctor 
inquired if such a tiny thing was a market-man "No, sir; my 
father is," was the prompt answer. 

The Doctor said, "Bring me some squashes," and passing in- 
to the house, sending out the change. In a few moments the 
child returned, bringing back part of the change. The Doctor 
told him he was welcome to it; but the child would not take it 
back, saying his fiither would blame him. Such strange man- 
ners in a child attracted his attention, and he began to examine 
the boy attentively. He was evidently poor; his jacket was 
patched with every kind of cloth, and his trowsers darned with 
.so many colors that it was difficult to tell the original fabric, 
but scrupulously neat and clean withal. The boy very quietly 



'^^S^- 



A^5 



^^' 






'»'^. 



0" TJ "V E IT I L E 



n^STI^TJOTOI?/ 



endured the scnitiny of the Doctor, while holding him at arm's 
length, and examining his face. At last he said: 

"Vou seem a nice little boy. Won't j-ou come and live with 
me and be a Doctor?" 

''Yes, sir," said the child. 

"Spoke like a man," said the Doctor, patting his head as he 
dismissed him. 

A few weeks passed on, when one day Jim came to say there 
was a little boy with a bundle down stairs, waiting to see the 
Doctor, and would not tell his business to any one else. 

"Send him up," was the answer; and in a few moments he 
recognized the boy of the squashes, but no squash himself, as 
we shall see; he was dressed in a new, though coarse, suit of 
clothes, and his hair very nicely combed, his shoes brushed up, 
and a little bundle, tied in a homespun checked handkerchief, 
on his arm. Deliberately taking of his hat, and laying it down 
with his bundle, he walked up to the Doctor, saying: 

"I have come, sir." 

"Come for what, my child?" 

"To live with you, and be a doctor," said the child, with the 
utmost naivete. 

The first impulse of the Doctor was to laugh immoderatolyi 
but the imperturbable gravity of the little thing rather sobered 
him, as he recalled, too, his former conversation, and he vowed 
he never felt so perplexed in his life. At the time he felt he 
needed no addition to his family. 

"Did your father consent to yom- coming?" he asked. 

"Yes, sir." 

"I told him that you wanted me to come and live with you 
and be a doctor; and he said j'ou were a very good man, and 
I might come as soon as my clothes were ready." 

"And your mother — what said she?" 

"She said Dr. Byron would do just what he said he would, 
and God has provided for me." "And," said he, "I have on 
a new suit of clothes," surveying himself, "and here is another 
in the bundle," undoing the handkerchief and displaying them, 
with two shirts, white as snow, and a couple of neat checked 
aprons, so carefully folded it was plain none but a mother would 
have done it. 

The sensibilities of the Doctor were awakened to see the 
fearless, the undoubting trust with which the poor couple had 
bestowed their child upon liim, and such a child. 

His cogitations were not long; he thought of Moses in the bul- 
rushes, abandoned to Providence; and, above all, he thought of 
the child that was carried into Egypt, and that the Divine 
Savior had said, "Blessed be little children;" and he called for 
the wife of his bosom, saying, "Susan, dear, 1 think we pray 
in church that God will have mercy upon all young children." 

"To be sure we do," said the wondering wife, "and what 
then?' ' 

"And the Savior said, 'Whosoever i-eceiveth one such little 
child in my name, recciveth me.' Take this child in His name 
and take care of him;" and from that hour this good couple 
received him to their licarts and home. 

It did not then occur to them that one of the most eminent 
physicians and best men of the age stood before them in the 
person of that child; it did not occur to them that this little 
creature, tlms thrown ujion their charity, was destined to bo 
tlicir htatr and stay in declining age, a i)rotector and more than 
son to themselves; all tliis was then unrevealed; but they cheer- 
fully received the child they believed Providence had committed 
to their^care; and if ever beneficence was rewarded, it was in 
thi.i inslance. — FamVj Circle. 



For the Juvenile Instructor 



ilgiaal ft^t%%%. 




THE FTJ 31. X j nvc o o isr . 

The sky is lovely anil .lerone, 

No clouil upon its face is seen 
While liore ami tlierc our eye.s behold 

A tiny streak of shining gold. 

The sun is sinking in the west— 
The little birds have gone to rest— 

The shades of night 1 arather soon, 
But yonder comes the bright: full moon! 

She comes, but not with burning rays — 
who ennies, but not with dazzling blaze — 

She comes to cheer us with her light; 
We love the moon, the queen of night. 

Amid its pure and genial glow 
TliP plants and blossoms richer grow; 

Its silver rays their lustre shed 

Where'er we look — where'er we tread. 

E. R. S. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

O-A-TZEOHISlVn 

FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



141. What was peculiarly manifested in the commencement 
of preaching the gospel in England? 

142. Who was first tormented by evil spirits? 

143. Who was struck senseless while administeiing to him? 

144. By what was President Kimball relieved? 

145. How many did President Kimball baptize the same day? 
140. Who was the first person baptized in the Eastern Hem- 
isphere? 

147. Who was the first person confirmed? 

148. Whose wife did she afterwards become? 

149. When did Presidents Kimball and Hyde leave England? 

150. When did they arrive in Kirtland? 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

O 131 -A. K. .A. ID E . 



I am composed of 6 letters 

My 5, 4, 1, 2, is a native of Northern Europe. 

My 6, .'), 4, is a lady's name. 

My .S, G, 1, is the advanced guard of an army. 

My whole is noted for its rich silver mines. 



The answer to the Charade in No. IC. is SAINT LOUIS. 

crxj^TEnsriLJi! iisrsTi^xjaTOK/ 

Ix publmkcd ill ^<(lt Lake Vitu, Utah Terrilfyry, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Good grows stronger and evil weaker every time wc over- i 
coTi\c in lemptation. { 



Single Copy, per Annum , $3 oo 

Single Copy, for Six Mouths i 50 

*S" It U expected ivhere agents forward names they will be responsible 
for the papers thus orderril; ana when CasJi pai/tiients are inade theu 
xvill please forward tlictn with the letter contaimn(j the names of the 
aubseribfrs. 

Kf Khler Win. 11. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Aqent for 

IHr Grain lirouijhl to tliis City for the .TuVENiLE Instructor will be 
cccivcd at the office of our paper — Dicseukt News BuiLnjNGS. 



!3^ 




n ^ 



.1?. . ?. 



I, 1, i* 



.^- ■*. . w. 











ill ill llllll 


HJIH 


r ^ " 

U.S.A. — 


■ ■■■ 


ill ill ill ill 


■ ■■■ 

■ ■■■ 


ill ill ill ill 


■ ■IIB 


ll lllllll 



? 



REGON RULE 



1 

CO, 


1 USA, 


lllllllllll 

2 




I 


^■1 




*^ ^'"V 'J^V' 


[jA^^n 





1 




5 ^ 


II 






fiT 




1 1 ii 

4 



*♦ 1^ ^ 



A*. *R. 



- 6 ^ 


^^M 


.1.1.1. 


HI 


OO 

.1.1.1. 


[-H-H 


- 9 M 


If-W 


.1.1.1. 


Irfli 


.1.1.1. 


IH 


■HI 


^^^^^HHHi 


6 7 8 _ 



