
9^1. 



VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER 



15, 18G8. 



NO. 20. 



13iJ^G- J^Ti, J^l<riD ISSIIVC^^EXj 



ABRAHAM was one of the mightiest men that ever hved. 
His power did not consist in the great armies he eon- 
troled, or in the greatness of the nation over wh'ch he ruled; 
but it was in the power which he obtained with God through 
his faith. He is called "the father of the faithful" and "the 
friend of God," and God made as great promises to him as 
probably could be made to any mortal being. There is not 
much written about his early life that has come down to us, 



of Ur, of the Chaldees. Haran had two daughters — Sarai 
and Milcah. Abraham married Sarai — her name was after- 
wards changed by the Lord to Sarah — and his brother 
Nehor married Milcah. By the command of the Lord Abra- 
ham took his wife and all who would accompany him and 
moved out of ClialJea into Canaan. Abraham and Sarah 
lived together as man and wife for a great many years; but 
they had no children. The Lord, however, harrevealed unto 




and wc sliall not write anything respecting it at present; but 
allude to that portion of his life in whicli the incident occurred 
that is illu tr.ited in the acconipanyiiig engraving. 

Aliraliain had a wife', the Hilile calls her liis sister, (he 
daughter of liis father 'JVrali; but in his own record, which the 
prnjihc^t Jii'-o|ili tranvlalrd, lie inl'orms \is that slio was the 
daughter of liis Ijrrllicr Ilaran, and, ciitisfi|uciilly, (he sister of 
Lot. Ilarau died during a faiuinc which nigi.i 



Al'raham the law of celestial marriage. He knew that it was 
his ]irivilege to have more wives than Sarah. Sarah, herself, 
understood tliTs law, 'and when God comniandcd hor husband 
she took her handiuaiil, whose nanio was Hagar, and gave her 
to Aliraliani to be his wile. She did this because it was the 
law, ami il' Abrahiim liad not obeyed this law, the promises 
of (lod ciiuld not have been ful(ill(Ml to him wherein Ho told 



:1 in the land i him that his seed should be as the dust of the earth or the 



Xfe 



'^S 



^^, 15^ 







stars of heaven, so numerous that they could not be counted. 
Hagar had a son, and Abraham called his name Ishmael. 
Abraham was eighty-six years old when the boy was born to 
him. Before the boy was born Sarah became jealous of Hagar 
and oppressed her. Hagar ran away. An angel of the Lord 
found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness, and, after 
asking her where she was going, told her to go back to her 
mistress Sarah, and submit herself under her hands. He told 
her that her children should be multi|ilied exceedingly, they 
should be so numerous that they could not be counted. He 
also told her what her son's name should be, and that he 
should be a wild man; ''his hand will be against every man, 
and every man's hand against him;" but he should dwell in 
the presence of all his brethren. Hagar returned, and remained 
there till after Isaac was born. 

God had promised unto Abraham that Sarah should have a 
son, and that in hiin should his (Abraham's) seed be called^ 
When Abraham was a hundred years old and Sarah ninety j-ears 
old, this boy — Isaac— was born. This was a very wonderful 
event, and being also in fulfilment of the promise of God, 
there was great joy in the famil.y. When the boy was weaned, 
his father made a groat feast in honor of the event. Ishmael 
by this time had grown considerably; and it is very likely that 
the traits of character for which he was distinguished when he 
became a man had already begun to show themselves. He 
was a wild man and at the time of which we write he may 
have been a wild and mischievous boy, at any rate at this feast 
he was guilty of mocking, and Sarah saw him. There are no 
particulars given us about how badly he acted; but Sarah was 
offended. She wanted him and his mother sent awa}'. She 
may have feared that, being older than her boy, his influence 
over and conduct towards him might not be very good. She 
called Hagar a bondwoman, wliich means a slave. In those 
days slavery was common, and it appears that Hagar had been 
Sarah's slave. She did not want "the son of this bondwoman" 
to be the heir with her son. 

Abraham was grieved at this difEculty in his family. But 
the Lord comforted him, and said: "Let it not bo grievous in 
thy sight because of the lad, and because of thy bondwoman." 
He told liiui to let Hagar and her son go. 

It seems to have been the design of the Lord that Ishmael 
and Isaac should be separated and not grow up together. He 
told Abraham that in Isaac should his seed be called; but said 
He, "and also of the son of the bondwoman will I make a 
nation, because he is thy seed." In the next number we will 
show you how truly this was fulfilled, and how the Lord, in 
peniiitting what seemed to be an evil to come upon Hagar and 
Ishmael, was preparing the way for the boy to become the 
founder of a great nation. 

After the Lord had counseled x\braham what to do he rose 
up early in the morning, and took bread, and a bottle of water, 
and gave them unto Hagar. This is the scene rejiresented in 
the engraving. The arti>t has placed Sarah and Isaac in the 
back grouiiil. In the front Abraham is engaged in fastening 
the bottle on to the shoulder of Hugar. She has Ishmael by 
the hand. He appears like a very little boy; but the artist has 
made a mistake in his .size. Ishmael at the time his mother 
and himself started away was a good-sized boy; he must have 
been fifteen or sixteen years old at least. 
(Ti) he Conltnuvil.) 




"Dm any of you ever see an cleijhant's skin?" iu(iuired a 
teacher of an infant class. 

"I havel" shouted a six-year old from the foot of the class. 

"Where?" a.-keil the teaclier. 

"On the elejihant," said tne boy, laughing. 



For the Juvenile Inslractor. 



PERHAPS it may be interesting to the boys and girls of our 
mountain vales to be informed as to the manner in which 
the children in India get along in school. I will tell you. 
Quite a large number are taught by one man, and the elder 
boys who assist him. They learn to write on sand, which is 
placed on pieces of smooth rock, or board and the letters are 
traced with the finger of the pupil teacher, and the members 
of the class follow in turn, each repeating aloud the lesson 
until all have finished, when they start with a fresh lesson. 
They have reading and spelling lessons, which are prepared 
upon coarse sheets of paper, with printed characters, and some 
are written with a reed pen, and ink, upon plantain leaves, 
and strung upon a piece of strong thread. Sometimes a whole 
school will repeat a lesson after a leader, and accompany it 
with a regular movement of the body, backward and forward, 
to keep time. In some of the large cities they have very large 
schools, where they are taught as many as seven or eight lan- 
guages, besides histoiy, grammar, geography and arithmetic, 
as well as geometry and astronomy. 

There are no schools for girls or women; they are instructed 
by their mothers at home, in weaving and other household 
duties, with the exception of a few, who are taught modern 
Christianity by the different European and American mission- 
aries, and those whose parents are iMohammedans. 

These poor children ate raised to worship idols, and are 
taught all the ridiculous and absurd creeds and worship of 
heathen idolatry; yet the kindness of their parents is very 
marked and pleasing to witness, except in times of famine, 
when thousands of their little ones are sold ibr sometimes a 
very small portion of food to the rich natives or the whites. 

Children, be thankful that your parents are Saints, and that 
you know that Jesus Christ is your Savior. . 

Uncle Willl\ji. 



s IP J^ I?. E nyc o nvn E nsr T s . 

ALE AN, awkward boy came one morning to the door of tho 
Principal of a celebrated school, and asked to see him. 
The servant eyed his mean clothes, and thinking he looked 
more like a beggar then anything else, told him to go round to 
the kitchen entrance. The boy did m he was bidden, irod 
soon appeared at the back door. "I should like to «ee Mr. 
B.," he repeated. 

"You want a breakfast, more like," said the servant-girl, 
"and I can give you that without troubling him." 

"Thank you," said the boy, "I should have no objection to 
a bit of bread; but I should like to see Mr B., if he can see me." 

"Some old clothes, may be, you want," remarked the .servant, 
again e3'eing the boy's patched trowsers. "I know hehasnono 
to spare," and without regarding tho boy's rcciucst, she went 
away about her work. 

"Can I see Mr. B.?" again asked tho boy, after finishing 
his bread and butter. 

"Well, he's in tho library; if he must be disturbed; but he 
does like to be alone sometimes," said the girl in a peevish 
tone. She seemed to think it very foolish to admit such an 
ill-looking fellow into her master's presence: however, she wiped 
ber hands, and bade him follow. Opening the library door, 
she .said: — "Here's somebod}-, sir, who is dreadful anxious to see 
you, and so 1 let him in." 

I don't know how the boy introduced himself, nor how he 
opened his bu=iuess, but I know that after talking awhile. 



l^f^- 



Vo\ 



Cr TJ "V E 3^ I L E 



IN" S T IS/ TJ O T O I?, 



155 



^.'^U 



the Principal put aside the volume which he was studying, 
and took up some Greek books and began to examine the new- 
comer. The examination lasted some time. Every question 
which the Principal asked, the boy answered as readily as 
could be. 

"Upon my word," exclaimed the Principal, looking at the 
boy from head to foot over his spectacles, "you certainly do 
well. Why, my boy, where did you pick up so much?" — 
"/ft my spare nwnicnts," answered the boy. 

Here he was, a poor, hard-working boy, with but few oppor- 
tunities for schooling, yet almost fitted for college by simply 
improving his spare moments. Truly, are not spare moments 
"the gold dust of time?" How precious they should bel 
What account can you give of your spare moments? What can 
you show for them? Look and see. This boy can tell you how 
very much can be laid up by improving them; and there are 
many, many other boys, I am afraid, in jail, in the house of 
correction, in the forecastle of a whale ship, in the tippling 
shop, who, if you should ask them when they began their sinful 
courses, might answer, ^^ In my spare moments." 

Temptation always hunts you out in small seasons like these, 
when you are not busy; he gets into your hearts, if he possibly 
can, in just such ways. There he hides himself, planning all 
sorts o£ mischief. Take care of your spare momenta. 



They each go foraging in the fields, and bring back all the 
sparkling objects they can pick up — pearl shells, birds' feathers, 
all that charms the eye. These trophies are suspended at the 
entrance to the grove, which soon begins to shine in the sun 
like a palace of the Arabian Nights. In the places frequented 
by the chlamyder, if a traveler loses his watch, his knife, his 
seal, he does not spend his time looking for it on the ground; 
he knows where to find it. The discovery of these facts 
appeared so extraordinary to Mr. Gould, that he feared to meet 
in Europe only with unbelievers. To answer beforehand all 
objections, he had one of these wonderful shubberies taken up, 
and succeeded in transporting it to the British museum, where 
it can be seen to-day. A little later, a living chlamyder was 
brought to the zoological gardens of London. He was at onoc 
placed in a large room in the midst of all the materials for his 
constructions; but the poor exile only made shabby work of it. 
He scarcely touched the branches, to plant a few here and there 
in a heap of stones. He wanted the air and the sun; ho wanted 
especially a companion. 



JLILOI3:iTEaTXJE.E OIF 



1"^HE following interesting extract is taken from Every 
. Saturday, being a translation of a French review on "The 
Universe," a book written by M. Pouchet, director of the 
museum of natural history at Kouen: 

"A really interesting part of M. Pouchet's book is that which 
treats of the architecture of birds. M. Pouchet has had drawn 
from nature a great number of nests of a very curious construc- 
tion which are preserved in the museum of Rouen. The most 
remarkable of all is the sewing linnet's ( Sylvia sutoria, Latham, ) 
copied Irom a representation in the museum of London. This 
nest is very rare; it is composed of two or three leaves very long 
and lanceolated, the edges of which the bird hems carefully 
together with the aid of a flexible blade of grass which serves as 
thread. The female afterwards fills with cotton the species 
of little bag formed in this manner, and lays its pretty progeny 
in this soft bed which the winds cradle. What one would 
haidly believe is, that birds do not confine themselves 
always to construct shelters for the protection of their family; 
there are some, it appears, which sacrifice to luxury, and build 
for themselves pleasure houses, and groves destined for amor- 
ous promenades. Tlie speckled chlamyder, described by Gould, 
offers us the unexpected example. This is an exotic bird, which 
resembles our partridge; it is distinguished from it by its deep 
color relieved by clear spots, and bv its neck which is adorned 
by a red collar. To construct their nuptial dwelling, the coup e 
proceed methodically. For its location they choose an open 
place, exposed to the sun and to the light. Their first care is 
to make a path of round pebbles; when they deem it sufficiently 
thick they begin planting in it a little avenue of branches. 
They are seen for this purpose to bring from the country slender 
shoots of trees of about the same size, which are thrust solidly by 
the thick end into the interstices of the stones. These branches 
are disposed in two parallel rows, converging a little in such a 
manner that they form a miniature shrubbery. The plantation 
is a yard in length, and is sufficiently wide to allow the two 
birds to walk alongside each other in the interior. This grove 
being finished, they devote themtielves to embellishing it. 



:yc"3rsTE!K.iES o:f the 



NOT that there is any especial hidden mystery in the inno- 
cent-looking, modest little instrument that presents objects 
to us as they are, making huge monsters out of mere mites, 
and as often presenting most magnificent animals in what, to 
the unaided eye, appears an uncouth atom. The mystery is of 
the microscope. Its power, to our intelligence, as at present 
educated, is unintelligible, and would be magical, but that we 
know the microscope to be innocent of the black art, and the 
maker only a man like ourselves — a trifie more clever, perhaps, 
but not a mite of a magician. So much of thought is invoked 
by the advent of a red mite, hurrying over the white field, a 
perfect crimson streak. If a man were to run at that rate, 
according to bulk, he would get over the ground about a thous- 
and miles an hour, and race entirely around the world in a day 
and night, with three hours for refreshment and repose. 

Arresting the atomic runaway, and clapping him under my 
semper paratus Craig Microscope, in an instant I had under 
my eye a wonder — a bright crimson bird, wingless, like the 
penguin, but perfect in proportions, and of most exquisite 
beauty; its downy plumage brilliantly bright; its six perfect 
bird legs, three set on either side. I saw there the secret of 
the rapid race. Fancy a turkey gobbler with six legs, each one 
putting in its quota of speed! Would'nt the old fellow outrun a 
hurricane? Then there are the five white, delicate toes, more 
like a lady'^ fingers, to each foot; black, lustrous eyes; and 
beak like that of the great "war eagle"^all harmonious; but 
strange — very wonderful — mysterious — the manner in which 
that single bit of clear glass metamorphoses the tiny red mite 
into a magnificent bird! There, go out with you, and go your 
way, diminished to a red atom, almost infinitesimal again! 
Scud — scatter, crimson speck, and leave me to my say of my 
magnifying miracle. 

For the farmer and fruit-grower, esjiecially, these simple, 
practical instruments are invaluable; and to their children, a 
source of education, amusement and real instructive pleasure, 
of which they will never grow weary. A bright little girl of 
ten years, daughter of a farmer friend, to whom I loaned mine, 
actually aci(uired a fuller arrd more correct knowledge of half 
a hundred insect inhabitants of her neighborhood, in six weeks' 
practice with the microscope, than a professed etymologist, 
irrinciiral of a neighboring seminary, had acquired in thirty 
years of study. — Selected, 



fe 

)« 





J- TJ "V E 1^ I H. E! 

'10 ■ '-. ■ 






(r>^ 



^y: 






^ 



^ 
^ 



OCTOBER 15, 1808. 

iii'BiTOiR^'iiXE,"" Tzezoxjo-ECTs. 




HILDKEX who live in great cities in the 
East and West and in Europe see many 
things which the children of (his Territory 
know nothing about. The children born 
hire never saw railroads, cars, locomotives, 
steamboats, nor ships. There are many 
other wonderful things which they never 
saw. In old countries, where the people 
have lived for hundreds of years, they have 
made many improvements, which our couu- 
is too newly settled to have at present, 
before long we will have many of these great 
•autages. We cannot have ships, because we 
: no large bodies of water upon which they 
sail; but we can have little steamboats to 
our lakes, and on land we can have railroads 
to ride and carry our freight. Every thing 
ood and beneficial among the nations we can 
bring here and enjriy. 
But there are many other things which the children who live 
here do not see, and it is a blessing to them that they are not 
forced to look upon them. In the most of those cities there 
are drinking saloons upon almost every corner of the principal 
streets. In these saloons they sell liquor and other drinks to 
men, women and children. We have seen little boys and girls 
hardly as tall as the counter, go into those places with a pitcher 
or a bottle to buy beer or liquor for their parents. By this 
means many children become quite fond of strong drinks, for as 
they carry the liijuor home they freijuently diink a little of it. 
Where there are so many drinking saloons there must be 
many drunkards. Children often see them reeling about the 
streets, or see the policemen carrying them to prison. And 
then they hear bad language; men, and frequently women and 
boys, swearing and taking the name of God in vain. Many 
other evils, besides these, do children brought up in large cities 
and other places of the earth behold. So that if they see 
many useful and fine things which children who live here 
cannot sue, they also see many painful sights and hear many 
bad sounds that our children never see or hear. 

In this Territoiy there arc no drinking saloons except one or 
two that are keiit fur outsiders only. Drunkenness is hardly 
known. Indeed, we expect there are many of our little readers 
who never saw a man drunk. It is very uncommon also for 
the name of the Lord to be taken in vain. Ko Latter-day 
Saint would be guilty of such a thing. Here children see no 
street fights, no quarreling, no Sabbath breaking, no beggars, 
no vice; and it is only when strange men are in the city that 
they hear the name of the Lord iirofaned. How thankful 
they .should be that they are born and brought up under such 
favorable circumstances! AVe can bring here all tliu good and 
useful things there are in the world; but we can leave all the 
evil with those who love and practice it. 



'^PHRPiE arc some pcoj.le who never grow old. Years may 
-L pass over their heads, and their bodies become bent and 
enfeebled by age; but yet their hearts arc young and they do 



not grow old in their feelings. They are as cheerful and happy 
as children, and seem neter to have lost their youthful feelings. 
There is another class, who before they become full a^rown men 
and women, feel and act as though thfy had passed long lives 
of care and anxiety. If they had borne all the troubles of a 
nation, they could not draw deeper sighs, or have faces with 
greater marks of care upon them. 

If you look around you, children, you will see the two classes. 
Some people are continually fretting and borrowing trouble. 
They meet trouble more than half way, and their greatest suf- 
ferings arise from difficulties which they imagine are coming 
upon them; but which never occur. Of course they are cross, 
unhappy and sour, and their faces become wrinkled and old, 
and their manners are not pleasant. But the other class meet 
troubles cheerfully and bravely; in fact, they never haye any 
trials. All is peace with them, and everybody loves them, 
because they are happy themselves and they make everybody 
else pleasant and hapjij'. 

Children, to which class do j'ou belong? Are you peevish and 
cross and always in trouble and with a frown on 3-our face? or 
are you cheerful and pleasant, with a smile on your counten- 
ance? You have it in your power to give expression to your 
own faces. You can have youthful feelings and young heart 
when you are in years, or you can be old, sour and disagreeable. 



7E have on hand and are constantly in receipt of Sunday 
School Rewards and Tickets in great variety and at 
very low prices. We have taken pains in selecting such as 
will be suitable for the childien and schools of this Territory. 
We know that we can satisiy all as to piice and we shall be 
pleased to fill the orders of Superintendents, Teachers and 
others for anything of this kind. We can also select and order 
Libraries for schools. 

Those who have saved their files of the Second Volume of 
the Juvenile Instructor can have them bound for one dollar 
in a handsome embossed cloth cover, which we have had mai'e 
expressly for the purpose. We shall also have similar covers 
for those who wish to have the Third Volume bound when it 
shall be completed. To schools sending a number of volumes 
to be bound, we will make a reducton. 

We have a number of First and Second Volumes, bound, 
which we wish to dispose of. 



DEATH OF THE APOSTLES.— The following is the 
manner in which death overtook the Apostles: Maithew is 
supposed to have suffered martyrdom, or was slain in the city 
of Ethiopia. Mark was dragged through the strees of Alexan- 
dria, in Egypt, till ho exjured. Luke was hanged to an olive 
tree in Greece. John was put into a boiling cauldron at Rome, 
but he escaped death. James, the great, was beheaded at 
Jerusalem. James, the less, was thrown from a pinnacle 
and beaten to death. Pliilii) was beheaded. Bartholomew 
was skinned alive. Andrew was crucified and pounded while 
dying. Thomas was run through with a lance. Jude was 
shot with arrows. Simon was crucified. Matthias was 
stoned. Barnabas was stoned to death. Paul was beheaded 
by the tyrant JSero, at I'.ome. 



Snow me a boy who obeys his parents, who has respect for 
age, always has a friendly disposition, and who applies himself 
diligently to pet wisdom, and to do go(Kl toward others, and if 
he is not respected and beloved, then there is no such thing as 
truth in the world. Remember this, boys, and you will be 
respected by others, and wiU grow vp useful men. 






3^- 



tf 



l.t^9 



^ 



il 



»'3'-. 



vol. 3 



3^ 



a 



in^STie/TJCTOE/ 



=^=: 






157 



i^uc JAe Juvenile Iiistructor, 



^att att& Bis WliuUtU^, 



THE nsr E a- iR. o k.^ge! 



AMONGST the many causes that have contrilsuted to change 
the appearance of the human family and make mankind 
appear to be of different races, we must consider the blessing 
or curse of God the greatest of all. Then add to this, differ- 
ence of climate, variety of food, entirelj' opposite modes of life, 
either civilized or savage, stationary or wandering, combined 
with the results of the varied religions existing among men, 
and we shall be able to understand why there is so great a 
diversity in the human family. 




We will first inquire into the results of the approbation or 
displeasure of God upon a people, starting with the belief that 
a black skin is a mark <f the curse of Heaven jilaced upon 
some portions of mankind. Some, however, will argue that a 
black skin is not a curse, nor a white skin a blessing. In fact, 
some have been so foolish as to believe and say that a black 
skin is a blessing, and that the negro is the finest type of a 
perfect man that exists on the earth; but to us such teachings 
are foolishness. We uiiJerstaiid that when God made man in 
his own image and pronounced him very good, that he made 
him white. We have no record of any of God's favored ser- 
vants being of a black race. All His prophets and apostles 
belonged to the most hand.some race on the face of the earth — 
Israel, who still, as rei)resented in the scattered tribe of Judafi, 
bear the impress of their foinier beauty. In this race was 
born His Son Jesus, who, we are told was very lovely, and "in 
the express imago of his Fathor'.s i)ers(jn," and every angel 
who ever brought a message of God's mercy to man was beau- 
tiful to look ui)Oii, clad in the purest white and with a counten- 
ance liright as the noonday sun. 

When God cursed Cain for murdering his brother Abel, He 
set a mark upon him that all meeting him might know him. 
No mark could be .so plain to his fellow-men as a black skin. 



This was the mark God placed uponliim, and which his chil- 
dren bore. After the flood this curse fell upon the seed of 
Ham, through the sin of their father, and his descendants 
bear it to this day. The Bible tells us but little of the races 
that sprung from Ham, but from that little, and from the tradi- 
tions of various tribes, we are led to believe that from him came 
the Canaanites, the Philistines, the Egyptians and most of 
the earliest inhabitants of Africa. 

We are told in the Book of Abraham in the Pearl of Great 
Price, that Egypt was discovered by a woman, who was a 
daughter of Ham, the son of Noah. This was probably the 
first portion of Africa inhabited by men after the flood, it being 
the nearest to the laud (Asia Minor) where the ark rested and 
the children of Noah first settled. From Egypt the families of 
men gradually spread out to the southward, up the river Nile 
and along the borders of the Ked Sea, and westward by tha 
shores of the Mediterranean. 

The pure Negro, as represented by the people of Guinea and 
its neighboring countries, is generally regarded as the unmixed 
descendant of Ham. Oar engraving of a Negro is of this type. 
Their skin is quite black, their hair woolly and black, their 
intelligence stunted, and they appear never to have arisen from 
the most savage state of barbarism. But it must not be sup- 
posed that all the inhabitants of Africa are of this unmixed 
black class, for it is not so; some of the mountain tribes of that 
continent approach to nearly white. Hence, we sometimes 
hear travelers speak of white Kafirs, white Arabs, &c. There 
are also quite a number of African tribes who vary in color 
from olive to dark brown and reddish black. They are also as 
varied in their size, height and build as they are in color. We 
will tell you some little of two of these African races known as 
the Abyssinians and Kafirs. 

Abyssinia lies on the east coast of Africa, immediately south 
of Nubia, and near the mouth of the Red Sea, opposite the 
southern portion of Arabia. The people who inhabit this 
country are of various races, from tribes nearly resembling 
Negroes, to others who are very much like Bedouin Arabs. 
Some of these latter people claim to be descended from the 
Hebrews. We do not put much trust in this storj', though 
King Solomon doubtless traded with them, as he established a 
port to carry on commerce with Africa at the northern extrem- 
ity of the lied Sea. It is certainly possible that some of the 
Jewish traders settled in Ab3'ssinia, and forgetful of the law of 
Moses, married some of the dark-skinned daughters of the land, 
who have the reputation of being very beautiful and finely 
made. In later days, after the captivity in Babylon, some of 
the returned Israelites may have wandered into Africa, as it 
is almost certain they did soon after the de.truotion of Jerusa- 
lem by the Ilomans and the scattering of the Jews. It is 
however, much more probable that the greater portion of those 
people arc the offspring of a mixed race of Arabs and of a darker 
people, kindred to the Negro. Traces of Arab customs, tra- 
ditions, and words are prevalent all over Africa except in its 
extreme South-western borders. The Arabs were great wan- 
derers and traders; Abyssinia and Nubia lie ojiposite their 
native land or the other side of the Red sea, which was by no 
means difficult to cross. Many of them doubtless settled on 
the African shore, and not being restrained by the Mosaic law 
of marriage, freely mixed with the jicojilo and permanently 
established themselves in the comitry. When Mohammed came, 
and his followers comi)elled adiierance to their faith at the edge 
of the sword, Africa became the field ol' many of their semi- 
warlike, scmi-religiiius mis.sions. Tins overnnning of the 
country by these foreigners no doubt produced a great change 
in the appearance ol'the peoiile, and a number ol' races rose up 
from Arab fathers and Negro mothers whose children now form 
a great portion of the inhabitants of the Barbary States, Nubia, 






^^; 






Abyssinia, tlie north-westera coast as far south as Senigambia, 
and of the people inhabiting the borders of the Atlas moun- 
tains. 

This is all the more probable as far as the Abyssinians are 
concerned, as the nearer the coast these people dwell, the 
nearer they approach the Arabs in type ot features and general 
appearance, while the more inland tribes approach nearer to 
the Negro race. 

The next people we Tvill allude to are the Kafirs. They appear 
to have originally dwelt in some of the central regions of Africa 
near the equator, from whence they have been gradually 
spreading southward; as, since the discovery and settlement of 
southern Africa by European nations, these people have ad- 
vanced considerably further southward than they were origin 
ally found by the early navigators. In this march southward 
they appear to have swept before them or engulfed the earlier 
inhabitants of the country, who are best seen, at the 
present time, in the alyect Bushmen and Hottentots of the 
British Colony in the Cajie of Good Hope. In the Kafir r.aces 
are sometimes included the people who inhabit Zanzibar and 
Mozambique on the east coast of Africa, as also many inland 
tribes, in addition to the tribes of South Africa more especially 
known as Kafirs. If wo include all these people in the Kafir 
race, we have a great diversity of appearancj and color, from 
almost a negro blackness to a light shade of brown. The 
difference of climate in the vast extent of teriitory in which 
they dwell may in a great degrje account for this. In strength, 
activity and mental capacity they are certainly ahead of the 
Negro, and their knowledge of certain Mohammedan and Jewish 
rites, as circumcision and cities of refuge, is held to be a proof 
that they had come in contact with these people, if they did 
not to any extent mis with them. At any rate it helps to prove 
their more northern origin than modern Kafir land, as we have 
no idea that the soldiers of the Arabian prophet pushed their 
conquests anything like as far south. The religion and super- 
stitions of the Kafirs give evidence that their acquaintance 
with Mohammed's doctrines was either very slight or that they 
have long since departed from his teachings and returned to 
the r former heathenism, while among many ol' the kindred 
tribes of this race, dwelling further north, M.ohammedanism is 

the prevailing faith. G. 11. 

(To be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 










IF O O ID 

[CONTINUED.] 



?'3' 



T \^K arc all more or less familiar with the process of making 
} ! flour into bread. The flour used in tliis country is 
sometimes fermented with yeast; at other times saleratus or 
.soda is used with sour milk or butteruiilk. Tiie ol)iect is to 
make the bread '"liglit," that is, to fill it with air bubbles, 
when it has a spongy a])pearance. When yea-t is used carbonic 
acid gas is generated, which causes the dougli to "rise;" a 
certain portion of the starch is converted into sugar and then 
into alcoljol, and. as wo have seen, wlicn treating on fermen- 
tation, gas is given off when sugar i.s changed into alcohol. 
That gas m.ay also be generated by using the carbonates of 
soda or potash (saleratus.) In large cities companies are .some- 
times fo.'uied for making bread by other modes: carbonic acid 



gas is mechanically mixed with the dough. Bread made in this 
way is very sweet and white, and is sold as "aerated bread." 
Wheaten bread i.s called "white" or "brown," according as 
the bran of the flour is retained or not. Brown bread is very 
wholesome, and even more nutritious than white, for bran 
contains flcsh-forming or nitrogenous matter; it also contains 
material which is useful in forming bone. Flour is easily sepa- 
rated into starch and gluten by washing. A small quantity 
may be put in a piece of fine rag and washed in a basin of 
water, the starch, after a time, will fall down to the bottom of 
the water; the tough, yellowish substance remaining is gluten; 
it resembles the fibrous structure of the nmscles of animals, its 
chemical constituents are the same. The starch of bread is 
the fuel, the gluten is the nerve and muscle-forming material; 
there are also other principles, which, although they do not 
add to the heat of the body or build up the soft parts, as the 
muscles, etc., add to the strength of the frame work — the bony 
structure. It is on account of its great value in these respects 
that wheaten bread has been named "the staff of life," and 
caused it to be preferred to all other kinds of bread, although 
habit has much to do with diet. Thus, our Saxon ancestors 
used barley bread; in Scotland, even now, oat cake and oat- 
meal porridge enter largely into the daily food of a fine, 
healthy race. In many parts of Europe rye bread is used. There 
is an objection to the use of the flour made from these grains, 
it will not "rise" like wheaten flour when made into bread. 

We have seen that milk is the type of all food; bread is the 
type of what is rccjuired in solid food, it contains all the 
elements rcciuired to build up the body, and in the proper pro- 
portions. Our bodies are continually wearing out; every motion 
of the limbs, the palpitation of the heart, all the natural pro- 
cesses, even the action of the mind, as in thought, wears out 
a portion of the tissues; to replace those jiarts, fresh supplies 
of material are necessaiy, and our food supplies them. The 
fluten of the bread forms the fibrin of the muscles; the albu- 
men forms the nerves; the starch, changed into sugar, keeps 
up the necessary warmth; the phosphate of lime rebuilds 
the bones. \t hatever may be the kind of food used the 
.same elements are appro])riated by the chemical processes 
which go on in the body to preserve life, by repairing 
the waste which the living functions cause both to the nervous 
and muscular systems. 

Habit and climate have much to do with our diet; for esam- 
jile, in cold weather we use more heat-giving matter, we relish 
fat more than in summer; our appetites are better. The 
Esquimaux eat large quantities of fatty matter, and the inhabi- 
tants of cold countries eat more aninuil food than those of 
warmer regions. The temperature of the body is ".IS", and it is 
the burning of the carbonaceous iiart of our food which keeps 
up that temperature. Our clothing keejis in the heat thus 
formed; keep the body warm and less food is needed. This is 
why it is so strongly recommended to keep our cows under 
cover in cold weather; they require less food. Instead of the 
carbon being expended unneces.sarily, it is taken care of— it is 
economized. This is true of all animals; the fat of their bodies 
is consumed, and the carbon and hydrogen are oxydized or 
burnt in the body "to keeiJ the lamp of life burning." 

Food, then, is warmth-snstainii.g, or heat-giving, and nour- 
ishing. A iiound of flour contains nine and a half ounces of 
starch, wliidi is changed into sugar by the jui es of the mouth; 
(saliva) and two ami a fourth ounces of filjrin and albumen, 
which are formed into muscles and nerves; then there is half an 
ounce of mineral matter, as jiho ])hates, etc., and a little over 
two ounces of water. We see how large is tlie proportion of 
heat-giving clement, but it is found that the ])roportion of five 
to one is a correct cstiniare of the quantities used in our daily 
food; that is, five limes as mucli of fuel as of other food. 



) 
1^9 



Vol. 3 fOo. ^ 






We have seen, then, the uses of food: the water is to replace 
that lost from the blood, air is to supply csj'gen to oxydize the 
blood and to impart vitality to it, the fat and sugar of our food 
are to impart heat, the nitrogenous iood to build up the waste 
of the tissues of the body, and the mineral matter to make 
bone and to assist in the formation of the tissues. Food is 
various so as to please the taste and to enable man to dwell in 
various parts of the earth. Some people, as in China and 
parts of the Eastern continent, live principally upon rice, which 
is a very light kind of food, its proportion of flesh-forming 
element being very small; while in arctic regions travelers tell 
us that "large quantities of the coarsest fat, even the blubber 
of whales is acceptable." But, whatever the kind of food 
used, it is tor one or other of the requirements of the body 
that it is taken, llice, sago, potatoes, sugar, fat and vegeta- 
bles which contain fat or sugar, as carrots, parsnips, beets, etc., 
are heat givers; oat-meal, barley-meal, pea-meal, corn-meal, 
cheese, peas and beans are flesh formers; the first are starch 
kind or "amylaceous," sugar kind or "saccharine;" and oil 
kind or "oleaginous;" the second are "fibrinous" or flesh-form- 
ing and "casiuous" or cheese kind. We cannot Uve upon 
cheese alone, or upon peas or beans, although they are rich 
in flesh-forming matter. Neither can we live upon fat or 
sugar alone, though rich in heat-giving material; potatoes, 
rice and grains of various kinds fail to support life and main- 
tain vigor of body unless used with other or nitrogenous food, 
as milk, meat, etc. In these things we are guided much by a 
kind of instinct: we desire other kinds of food; butter or 
molasses with bread enables us to eat with greater relish, and 
thus more bread is eaten and more strong ih results. 

There are many otlier ways of preparing flour; cakes and 
biscuits arc used as bread; flour is made into a paste and baked 
to make "hard bread," which is used on long voj'ages; it is 
also madj into puddings, and in a great variety of ways; but 
the main object is to obtain the starch, gluten and mineral 
elements which are assimilated to the blood, and will be better 
understood when the subject of digestion is entered upon. 

Beth. 

(To be Continued.) 



THE STOE^Y OIP 

^Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

• [CONTIMUBD.] 



9^. 



THE settlers of New England had diiSoulties from lime to 
tim3 with the Indians, and in the earlier years of the 
several settlements the colonists .suffered a great deal from 
exposure and cold, and sometimes from pestilence and (amine. 
The settlements still, however, increased and multiplied, and 
in the course of one hundred years the original Indiin popula- 
tion was almost entirely displaced, and the whole country all 
along the seaboard, and for hundreds of mile.< into the interior, 
was occupied almost entirely with the farms and villages of 
white men. 

The settlements in America remained under the government 
and control of England from the time when they were first 
formed to that in which they establi.slied an independent gov- 
ernment of their own — about one luuiJrcd and fifty years. 
This is called the colonial period of American hi.^tory. 

There were several diil'erent kinds of colonial government, but 
in all cases the power was exercised in En»land. Some of the 
settlements were considered as belonging to the king, others to 
comi)anies of merchants, anl others to individual i)roprictor,s. 
Whoever it was that owned the colonies, he or they, and not 



^^M. 



159 ^iG 



the people, appointed the governor and regulated the making 
of the laws. At first, indeed, the peop'e of New England were 
somewhat independent, and chose their own governors; but as 
soon as they began to be populous and powerful, the English 
government contrived to get the power into their own hands, 
and governors for those colonies were appointed and sent out 
from Great Britain, as well as for all the rest. 

These governors and the people of the colonies did not agree 
very well together. The governors were usually men who 
entertained high ideas of their own powers and importance, 
and as they only came to America with a view of making a 
fortune and then going home again, they felt no real sympathy 
or community of ii:terest with the permanent residents. They 
were constantly endeavoring to increase their own power and 
importance. They lived in handsome hou.ses, built expressly for 
them by the government. They maintained a great deal of state, 
as if they were kings on a small scale. 

The house in Boston which was built and occupied by the 
governors of Massachusetts in colony times yet remains, and is 
stid known as the Province House. It was originally quite out 
of town, but it is now entirely surrounded and hemmed in by 
other buildings. There is a row of brick stores between it and 
the street, so the visitor is obliged to go in through an archway 
to see it. 

In the contests that arose between the governors and the 
people of the colonies, the governors were by no means left 
alone. Great numbers of persons adhered to their cause. 
Some did this from hope of receiving offices; others because 
they probably thought it was better for the colonies that they 
should be under a strong control from the government in 
England. Then, besides the parties in America that adhered 
to them, they had soldiers under their command. Some of 
these soldiers were stationed in forts at the mouths of rivers or 
harbors, and others lived in barracks in the towns; but they 
were all under the command of the governors of the several 
provinces, and it was partly by means of them that the people 
of the colonies were held in subjection. 

In process of time, a war broke out between France and 
England, and as Canada had been settled by the French, and 
was now a French colony, the English government concluded 
to organize an army in their colonics in America to attack it. 
This was accordingly done. Ai-mies were raised, the several 
colonies contributing their portions of troops, and the English 
generals, taking command of them, led them against the French 
possessions. In these campaigns the troops were obliged to 
make long and dreary marches in storms and rain, and through 
the most wild and unfrequented regions, in which they encoun- 
tered almost every conceivable hardship and difficulty. Tho 
chief command in these expeditions was always conferred upon 
officers sent out from England, while the colonists were only 
allowed to fill very subordinate places. The English officers 
were, of course, not acquainted with tho country, or with the 
peculiar difficulties and dangers of marching through forests 
filled with Indians; and as they were generally loo proud to 
take advice from those who were beneath them in rank, they 
often met with very serious disasters. Q"he French contrived 
to engage the Indians, in many cases, to fight on their side; and 
tho Indians, being very skillful in stratagems of all kinds; 
would lay in ambush till some detachment of the army came 
along, and would break out on them so suddenly as to put them 
all to flight. The soldiers would retreat from the ground as 
they best could, while the wagoners would cut the traces of 
their harness, and then mount the horses and ride away, aban- 
doning every thing to the enemy. 

But, notwithstanding these occasional disasters, the English 
persevered. Tiiey fitted out three grand expeditions to march 
through the woods into Canada, and in the end succeeded in 



xV9 






<i^ 



\^^^f 



ISO 



Cr TJ "V E isr I L S IIsTSTI^TJOTOI^ 



^^,. 



0^7cJ,J/S/cS;, yC 



^ 



^iSg- 



conquering the country. Ever since that time, all the old French 
colonies that lie to the north of the United States have been 
subject to British power. 

One might, perhaps, hare supprsed that being engaged to- 
gether in such a Vv'ar as this, and bringing it to a successful end by 
their joint and common eyortions, would have tended to promote 
an excellent understanding between the J^^nglish government 
and the people of the colonies; but, instead of this, quite the 
contrary eifect was really produced. The government at home, 
finding how great and powerful tlie colonies were becoming, 
vere more desirous than ever to have them completely in sub- 
jection to their own power. The people in America, on the 
other hand, for precisely the same reason, wished to become 
more and more independent. They had in each colony a Leg- 
islature chosen by the people. These various Legislatures were 
accustomed to meet in the principal towns, and enact laws for 
the internal management of the colonies, and for raising money 
by taxes to pay the necessary public expenses. Tiie members, 
being chosen by the people, of course acted for them and in 
their behalf The governors and the councils, on the other 
hand, being appointed by the King of England or by his min- 
istry at home, represented the English government and acted 
for them. The Legislatures were all the time endeavoring to 
increase and strengthen their own power, which was the power 
of the people. The governors, in the same way, maneuvered 
incessantly to increase their power, which was that of the king 
and his government at homo. This antasjonism was continually 
breaking out into the most serious disputes. 

The colonies at one time proposed to form a confederation, 
by the Legislatures, with a view of banding the people of the 
whole country together. This the governors opposed. They 
thought any union of that kind would greatly increase the 
strength of the people, and proportionably, weaken their own. 
They proposed instead that there should be a combination 
formed by the govcnwrs, and tliat the people themselves should 
remain distinct. This the pe.iplc would not consent to, and 
the question gave rise to new difficulties and disputes,- and the 
result was that no extended or general union of the colonies 
was effected in either form. 

There was one object, however, which they combined to accom* 
p'ish, and that was the establishment of a post-office .system 
for the whole country. The celebrated Benjamin Franklin was 
one of the first post-masters general. At one time be made "in 
extended tour through nearly all the colonies to mature and 
perfect the system, lie traveled in a chaise, which he drove 
himself llis daughter Sally accompanied him. He had a 
spare horse with him. His daughter rode sometimes upon the 
horse, and sometimes in the chaise by the side of her father. 
Traveling in this way, Franklin was five months in making this 
tour. Such a tour would be accomplished now, by rail-roads 
and stoam-boats, in five days. 

As the colonies increased, the disputes between the people 
anrl the homo government in regard to the question how far 
they were to be allowed to govern themselves, and how far they 
must submit to be governed by the English ministry and the 
Long Parliament, grew more and more serious. The English 
government liad liad the power from the beginning of making 
all law.-t in rcr^pect to commerce, and they were accustomed to 
tax the colonies indirectly by requiring them to pay duties on 
the merchandise imported from England. Li order to compel 
ihem to buy tliis merchandise, tliey made Iaws_ forbidding them 
to establish any manufactories in America. The Americans 
complained of this, but still they submitted. They could not 
resist the payment of duties very well, lor the governors had 
command of the soldiers in the foita by the harbors, and they 
would not allow the ships to come in unhiss the merchant to 
whom the good.*) belonged would first p.iy the duty. Then ho 



'Jc:?r- 



would add the duty to the luice of the goods, and his customers 
were obliged to pay altogether. 




For the Juvenile InstrueiOT. 



tigittn.1 f^o^f^y. 



FOR THE 20th ward SABIi.4TH SCHOOL. 
Tune, "Sherman's March through Georgia." 



Cnme all ray young companion? who lovo the Sabbath School, 
We'll raise our hearts and voices, and let our joy be full; 
For here we are instructed in everything that's good, 
That we may learn to bo useful. 

cnoRUs: 
Hurrah! hurrah! come let us all rejoice, 
Hurrah! hurrah! we've made the truth our choice; 
Tlien, lot us always love it, and never turn aside 
From this time forward, forever. 

Wo here enjoy the blossing our parents never knew. 

For they were schodl'd in erroi-, and we are taught what's true; 

No foolish old traditions do hero becloud our minds, 

And we are free from delusion! 

Then, let's sustain the Priesthood with all our might and main 
And help bear oil' the Kingdom, till Jesus conies again, 
O! may we grow in wisdom as we increase in years 
That we may meet Him rejoicing. 

■VTm. WlLLES. 



For the Juvenile Inslructor, 

C H: .A. I?. .A. ID E . 



By J. W. DUNN. 



I am composed of 10 letters. 

My 1, 3, .'), 7, 8, 9, 10, is an eminent man in Utah. 

Bly 7, 2, 0, 7, 8, 4, 10, is worn by ladies. 

My 4, 1, 3, 9, 8, 5, 10, is an ancient patriarch. 

My whole is a manufacturing town in England. 



The answer to the Charade in No! 18 is PATAGONIA. 
Rolla G. Taysum, David E. Dunbar, Luella Wood, Heber 
Brower and Jamos K. McGaw sent us the correct answer. 



We often omit the good we might do in consequence of think- 
ing about that which it is oat of our power to do. 



i.v imbUshed in Halt Lake Cify, Utah Territory^ 
ON THE FIIIST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH, 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum $3 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

*5r- Tt is expected whn-e agents forward names they will be responsible 
f'»r the papers thus ordered: and when C^as/t paipnents are made, they 
iri/f plrn-sc forward them ivith the letter- cuniuining the Jiamcs of the 
suh.-.rrif>frs. 

*iJ- F.ldor Win. H, Sliearman, Logan, vnll act as General Ageiit for 
Oiche Vnllpii. 

*j>- (irahi hroiffiht to this City for the JUVKNII.E iN.STRrcTOR wiUbe 
evcivcd at t/ie ojjicc of var pajter—L>iiiiKHb.T JsEWa Buii.djwg3. 



■r^^l 



