
VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1884. 



NO. 9. 



THE COLOGNE CATHEDRAL. 




AMONG all the buildings of the world which are noted 
for their magnificence and stability, the cathedral of Col- 
ogne, Germany, occupies no inferior place. Built as though 
capable of resisting decay for many ages yet to come, it still 
has a light and beautiful appearance, the result of the excel- 
lent carving and other ornamental work with which its exterior 
is covered. 

The towers of this edifice, which are the highest in the 
world, may be seen at a distance of many miles, but only 
when one is close to the building can he form any conception 
of the great amount of means and labor its erection niui-t 
have cost. The removal of the 
scaffolding which surrounded 
the edifice, and which was nec- 
essary to its erection, required 
the labor of one hundred men 
for three years. 

The first idea of a cathedra 
on this spot is said to have orig- 
inated in the year 814, when 
the archbishop of the city 
caused a house of worship to be 
erected, of much smaller dimen- 
sions, however, than the pres- 
ent building. Even the humble 
church of those early times be- 
came quite renowned because 
of the remains of eminent di- 
vines which were therein depos- 
ited. But in 1248 a fire reduced 
it to ashes. The corner stone 
of the present noble edifice was, 
according to some authorities, 
laid in the same year, but others 
affirm that it was not commenced until the year 1270. 

To whom the honor is due for the plans of this tine archi- 
tectural work, the records of the church do not state; but 
what history fails to proclaim the writers of legend have 
sought to supply by saying his Satanic majesty originated the 
design, but the plans were stolen from him by an ambitious 
young man to whom he was exhibiting them. 

Although this building was commenced at so early a period, 
it was not completed until the year 1880. Previous to the 




time of the Reformation, the work was carried on, at times, 
with great rapidity and then, again, very slowly; but when 
religious matters were in such an unsettled condition, the work 
not only ceased on the structure itself, but that which was 
completed was not kept in proper repair. 

In the beginning of the present century the beauties of the 
Cologne cathedral first began to be recognized. The critics of 
art realized that in it was a grand masterpiece, and so pro- 
claimed it to the German nation. As a result, societies were 
formed in various parts of the nation, having for their object 
the collection of means to complete the far-famed church. By 

this means progress was made, 
and when, in 1842, the king of 
Prussia contributed largely to- 
wards its completion, and began 
to take a personal interest in the 
matter, renewed diligence was 
exhibited which did not abate 
until the cap stone was laid. 

The cathedral is built in the 
form of a cross, of which our 
engraving represents the south 
entrance. It would be useless 
to attempt a de.^cription of this 
most magnificent part. With 
its carvings, each of which is a 
gem of skill, its colored glass 
windows of the very best make, 
and its harmony of parts, it 
I'cirms a picture which artists 
r:innot grow weary of viewing, 
and which is worthy of a visit 
from every lover of ornament 
and art. 

The interior finish of the whole structure is beautiful in the 
extreme, and is not inferior to that of the outside. This 
place, besides being the resting place of some noted individ- 
uals, is also the repository for treasure of various kinds, 
amounting in value to several millions of francs. 



T(i begood, and yet bo disagreeable, is a thing very hard 
to accomplish. 





ISO 



CTTJ^En^ILEl Xn^fcSTI^TJGTOI^. 



MISSIONARY EXPERIENCE. 

AN INSPIRED PRAYER. 



HT B. H. ROBERTS, 



IN the Spring of 1S79, I was called on a mission to the 
United State,-, and started on the 13th of April with a 
company of Elders bound for Europe, and a few others who 
were to go to different parts of the United States. 

I had been appointed to Iowa, and was directed by Apostle 
F. D. Richards to commence my labors in Sioux City, of that 
State. When leaving S;ilt Lake City it was expected that I 
would travel alone, as no one had been appointed to travel 
with me. As we approached Omaha, however. Elder Palmer, 
who had been appointed to preside over the North Western 
States' mission, thinking it rather too bad for so young and so 
inexperienced an Eider to start out alone, arranged to travel 
with me a few weeks before going on to Michigan, where he 
expected to make his headquarters. 

We arrived in Sioux City on Saturday afternoon, and find- 
ing a brother by the name of Gibbs, we took up our abode at 
his house. 

Sunday morning I was anxious to attend service at some 
one of the numerous churches of the city, and witness how 
they conducted their worship ; for I had never taken the 
pains to visit any of the churches of the so-called Christian 
denominations in Utah. On inquiring who the most eloquent 
preacher was, I was informed that a Mr. McLoid was 
reearded as such, and that he held forth at the First Baptist 
church. 

As Brother Palmer and I stepped into the church we 
found the pastor engaged in prayer, and what was my surprise 
to hear him say : "0, Lird, help us to understand that we 
have enough of Thy word: that the canon of scripture is full. 
Help us to believe. O Lord, that the awful voice of prophecy 
will no more be heard ; help us to believe that revelation has 
ceased and that Thou wilt no more speak to man." 

Well, thought I, there is a wide difference between the 
ideas contained in that parson's prayer and what we are going 
to preach. We, of course, were sent to tell the people that 
God had again spoken from tht; heavens, and had restored the 
gospel of Christ, together with all its spiritual gift.s — inspired 
dreams, revelations, prophecy, etc. That preacher's prayer, 
therefore, was directly opposed to what we had to declare to 
the people. It began to force itself upon my mind, in spite 
of the unpleasantness of the thing, that the preacher was 
inspired, but the inspiration was not of God. 

Service over, the pastor came to u--, and as he shook hands, 
.«aid: "V'ou are strangers to me, gentlemen, but I am glad to 
see you. Do you live in the city?" 

"No, Mr. McLoid," said I, "we arc two 'Mormon' Elders 
from Utah; we have a mes.sage to deliver to the people of 
this city. Will you permit us to hold a few meetings in your 
church?" 

It is needless to .say the man was astonished. 1 was too, 
for we did not expect to apply for his church. I had said 
nothing about it to Elder P., but it came to my mind, so I 
asked him, "just for iuck." 

The confused preacher uttered a few incoherent words — 
what they were I have now forgotten — but it seemed to me 
that he had changed his mind and was not so glad to see us as 
at first. He made a few erratic turns around the room, and, 
coming back to where we were standing, said he would pre- 



sent our request to the stewards of the church. They refused 
to grant it. 

Going outside of the church, we found that most of the 
congregation were lingering about the entrance. Elder P. 
called their attention, and gave out notice of a meeting we 
were going to hold at the house of Brother Gibbs that 
evening. 

During the week we hired a hall in the central part of town 
under the Hubbard hotel. We had a notice of our meetings 
printed in the daily papers ; and also had a few hundred hand- 
bills, announcing our meetings, struck off. Sister Gibbs made 
us a bucket of paste and furnished us with a brush. I took 
charge of these, and Elder P. took a bundle of our bills under 
his arm. Thus equipped we started out and "billed " the 
town. It seemed to me we stuck our notices everywhere. 

I must confess, however, that it was a little galling to my 
pride to become a bill-poster, and it was only a strong sense of 
duty that induced me to do it. As I was daubing the paste 
on a lamp post where we were going to stick our last bill, I 
quoted this scripture : "He that is ashamed to own me before 
men, him will I be ashamed to own before my Father and 
all His holy angels." 

Elder P. suddenly looked up and said: "We haven't put 
up one of these things yet, but what I have repeated to 
myself that very passage of scripture." 

They were the first words we had spoken to each other for 
over an hour. After that, I more than half suspected that 
Elder Palmer wasn't verij fond of bill-posting. 

The first night of our appointment at the hall we had quite 
a large congregation, and it fell to my lot to speak first. The 
hall was long and narrow, with a large double door opening to 
the main street of the town ; there was also a door in the 
opposite end, and close to this was arranged our "stand." 

I had not been speaking long when a volley of clubs and 
brickbats came crashing against the front door. This created 
some confusion, but all was quiet in a few minutes, and 1 con- 
tinued my remarks. Presently there came a second volley of 
brick-bats, this time at the rear door, and as I was only about 
three feet from it, and was not expecting that kind of a 
salute, it rather startled me. I guess I jumped two feet 
straight up, and then I was vexed. It was only with great 
difficulty that I kept from saying something more emphatic 
than appropriate. You see. I was not .so used to the customs 
of this enlightened and Christian (?) world then as I am 
now; I had been reared in benighted (?) Utah, where every 
man is free to utter his honest thought unmolested. No 
further disturbance occurred. 

We continued to hold meetings, but the attendance kept 
getting smaller. At our eighth meeting in the hall there was 
but one listener present. We bore our testimony to him, and 
returned to the house of Brother Gibbs. 

The next day we baptized four persons — all members of the 
family of Brother G. They had disposed of their property, 
and expected to start for Utah in a few day.s. 

We wrote an article for the city papers, telling them of the 
restoration of the gospel, and bore our testimony to the truth 
of the things we affirmed. We also warned them of the 
judgments of God which would shortly overtake the nations. 
This done, we bade adieu to our friends, who had so kindly 
administered to our necessities, and took train for the north- 
eastern part of the State. 

I have often thought, what a contrast between the prayers 
of Paul, the Apostle, and this learned divine of modern times, 
Mr. McLoid! The latter prayed that men might not believe 




:^ 




CTTJ^EnsriLEl IlsTSTI^TJOTOie/, 



131 




in revelation and prophecy, and asked God to help them so to 
believe. The former said : "After I heard of your faith in 
the Lord Jesus, and love unto all the Saints, cease not to 
give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers; 
that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, 
may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the 
knoivfedge of him" [Eph. i, 15-17). 



A REMINISCENCE OF CENTRAL 
ASIA. 



*T'VB always heard, rt 




emarked I to my friend. Lieutenant 

M , as we sat at our late tea, in Samarcand, at a table 

put right out in the open street in front of his quarters, after 
the primitive eastern fashion — "I've always heard that that 
belt of huge reeds along the Syr-Daria, just opposite Tchinaz, 
was a great place for tigers ; but when I passed through it the 
other day on my way here, I didn't see one, although the 
reeds were broken every here and there, as if by the passing and 
re-passing of some large beast." 

"Well, they are pretty rare now, but you still meet with 
them occasionally; it's only a few years since an officer of ours 
killed two of them in the very place you're speaking of There 
used to be a good many, too, in the jungle around the Fort 
Perovski ; bat now Ihe likeliest place for them is along the Hi, 
up towards the Chinese border — they fairly swarm there. You 
see, we haven't disturbed the region much as yet; there's 
only one post-road through the whole of it; but when we 
begin to improve it likewise. Messieurs les Tigres will have to 
emigrate." 

"Have you ever fallen in with any of them yourself?" 

"I have, indeed, and in a way I didn't much like. One 
night I was camping out on the road from Vernoe to Kouldja, 
and slept (if you can call it so) in the jungle, with the damp 
creeping into my very bones, and the mosquitoes about me by 
thousands upon thousands. When morning came, and there 
was just light enough to see where things were, I was startled 
by my horse shying suddenly, and trembling all over. And 
there, not thirty yards from where I stood, I saw, grinning 
through the bushes, the head of a full-grown tiger ! " 

"And what did you do?" 

"Well, before he could make a spring, I made one — 
which was up into my saddle— and away as hard as I could 
pelt; for, having no weapon but my revolver, and no one with 
me but my Tartar guide (who was worth nothing in a fight), I 
judged the best tactic to be 'an orderly retreat.' " 

"I quite agree with you there; but was that your last 
experience of them?" 

"No, indeed — I'd a much more serious adventure about a 
year later. But, before I begin to tell it, let's have the glas-ses 
filled again. Ostap, more tea! " 

Ostap (a tall, wiry Cossack, with the scar of a Bokhariote 
yataghan across his low forehead), refills the tumblers out of 
which tea is always drunk by Russians; and the Lieutenant, 
after sipping in silence for a minute or two, strikes into the 
second part of his story : 

"It was in the Summer of 1871, when we were goingagainst 
the 'I'arantchi^ before Kouldja, the time that wc beat tliein in 
that great battle among the mountains, and took the town. 
Well, just before the battle, I was out with a small scouting 
party along the Hi, right through the low rice-grounds. You 



saw those rice fields on the other side of the Tchepan-Ata 
Hills, didn't you, just before coming to the Zer- AfFshan ?" 

"Yes, it was just sunrise when I passed through them." 

"And what did you think of them? " 

"I thought them one of the nastiest bits I'd ever seen." 

"Well they're nothing to those on the Hi, just nothing at 
all. All that's not water is mud, and all that's not mud is 
mosquitoes. I never had such a time of it in my life ; and, 
when we got into the regular jungle, it seeme quite comfort- 
able in comparison. 

Now, one of the men with me was my servant, Andrei 
Goorko, a Cossack of the right sort, and one of the best men 
in my company. The morning we started, he had looked 
rather glum and chopfallen, because as he explained to me 
on the road, he had dreamed that he saw his own head pulled 
off and lying on the ground ; though how he managed to see 
it, I couldn't exactly find out. However, in spite of this, he 
insisted on going first, saying that no man could avoid his fate, 
and that if there were evil hanging over us, it had better fall 
on him than me. 

"However, the first day passed off without our meeting any- 
thing worse than mosquitoes, and I'm sure they were bad 
enough. The second was just the same ; and towards evening, 
when we were pretty nearly through the jungle, I began to 
make fun of Andrei and his dream, when all at once his horse 
stopped short, and began to tremble all over, and then turned 
right round. Before any one could say a word, there came a 
crash and a roar, and a whirl of dust, and there lay poor 
Andrei on his face on the ground, with a huge tiger upon 
him ! 

"I fired at the brute's head, but in my haste I only hit the 
fore-shoulder. Luckily, the man behind me was a cooler 
fellow; he took a steady aim, and hit the beast with a shot in 
the back that fairly broke its spine. Over it rolled, lashing 
out furiously with its fore-paws; and two more shots 
despatched it. 

"Then we took up poor Andrei ; but he was past helping. 
The brute had caught him by the back of the neck, and with 
one wrench of its jaws, had torn his head clean off; and so his 
dream came true, sure enough. Poor fellow ! I was never so 
sorry to lose anybody. We made shift to dig a grave for 
him, and put a cross at the head of it; and then we took the 
tiger's skin as a trophy, and went on again. 

"An hour later we came out upon the bank of the river, 
and my men encamped, glad enough to rest a bit after two 
days in the saddle. But as for me, what with the game we 
had bagged already, and what with my rage at poor Andrei's 
death, my blood was fairly up for more sport ; and, as soon as 
we'd finished supper, I took my rifle and went off along the 
river bank, to see if I couldn't fall in with another tiger. 

"Presently I came to a place that was just the very thing I 
wanted — a high bank overlooking the river, with a tree which 
1 could easily climb growing a little way down it, and the 
tracks of the big game passing and repassing in every direc- 
tion. Plainly enough, this was one of the places were they 
came to drink ; so I scrambled u.\^ into the tree, laid my rifle 
across my lap, and waited. 

"I had sat for half an hour or so without seeing anything 
to fire at, when finding myself getting rather cramped, I 
thought it best to change luy jiosition. I turned round to do 
so, and found myself face to face with the biggest tiger I'd 
ever seen in my life. 

"There he stood, on the top of the bank, just level with 
where I sat, and certainly not ten feet off. The moon was 





13S 



CTTJ'VElsrill.E HSrSTI^TJOTOI^.. 




bright as day, and I could see the glare of his eyes, and the 
glitter of his great white teeth, as plain as I see you now ; I 
could even feel his hot breath on my face ! 

"It's no use trying to make out that I wasn't frightened; I 
was as thoroughly frightened as I've ever been yet. So much 
so, indeed, that I couldn't stir hand or foot, but just sat like a 
statue ; and that was what, in all probability, saved my life; 
for had he made a spring, he could have dragged me down as 
easily as a eat catches a mouse. 

"How long we sat staring at each other I don' t know — if any 
one had said a month, I'd have believed it — but this I do 
know, that I foreswore tiger-shooting in the most solemn man- 
ner twenty times over. At last, the beast turned his head, 
and walked slowly away ; and I drew as long a breath as if 
I'd been five minutes under water." 

"Well you might." 

"As soon as he was gone, I came down from the tree ; and 
what do you suppose was the next thing I did? " 

"Roused your men, and went after the tiger, and shot 
him." 

"You've hit it," says my friend, laughing; "and I've got 
his skin now, and a very fine skin it is. But I wouldn't go 
over that time in the tree again to be made governor-general 
of Turkestan ! 




SESSION EIGHT. 



V.y URIEL. 




[Conttnueil from page 118.) 

WE will continue the subject of baptism by tuiniug to the 
sixth chapter of Romans and the third and fourth 
verges: "Know ye not, that .'o many of us as were baptized 
into Jesus Christ were baptized into His death? Therefore 
we are buried with Him by baptism into death: that like as 
Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, 
even so we also .should walk in newnc-^s of life." Paul was 
writing to tlie saints at Rome who had obeyed the gospel and 
had been baptized by being buried in the water, or he could 
never have made such an expression. He makes a similar 
expression when writing to the saints at Colosse (Col. u\ 12), 
"Buried with Him in baptism." Pouring or sprinkling can- 
not be being buried, neither has it any likeness or relation to 
a birth or a resurrection, but immersion or being immersed, 
has. 

It is a natural f|ue.stion, "What is baptism for?" Well, 
for two or three rea-sons. Jesus Christ was baptized for the 
fulfillment of all righteousness, showing, that no matter how 
good or perfect anyone may be, he is not exempt from this 
ordinance. lie must be "born of the water." John the Bap- 
tist baptized with water unto repentance. But when the 
Apostle Peter preached that great .sermon upon the day of 
Pentecost (Ads ii, 38), on this subject of baptism, he said, 
"Repent, and be baptized everj-one of j-ou in the name of 
Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive 
the gift of the Holy Ghost." Peter did not exempt any one, 
and he declared it was for the remi.ssion of sins. Now, it we 
wish "the remission of sins " we have to obey this doctrine or 



we shall die in our sins. Herein is the condemnation of the 
world when they reject the gospel preached by divine author- 
ity. Jesus Christ said to His apostles when giving them His 
final instructions, "Go ye into all the world, and preach the 
gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized 
shall be saved ; but he that believeth not shall be damned." 
Now all who believed the apostles' preaching and were bap- 
tized, that endured to the end, received the remission of their 
sins and were made clean through the blood of the Lamb. 
But those who rejected the apostles' testimony, who did not 
believe were not baptized, consequently they died in their 
sins, hence came the condemnation or damnation. They died 
in their sins and found to their great sorrow the day had 
passed, the night had come and they were not saved. An 
awful position to be placed in. When God sends a message all 
are bound to obey or suffer the natural penalty of rejecting 
those principles that alone can save us from our sins. The 
Apostle Peter understood that baptism was a saving ordinance, 
for in speaking of the gospel being preached in the days of 
Noah and the baptism of the earth, when the inhabitants 
rejected the true faith, which was preached by the Prophet 
Noah, and were swept away from the earth and died in their 
sins, said, "The like figure whereunto baptism, doth now save 
us (not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the 
answer of a good conscience toward God), by the resurrection 
of Jesus Christ." Mark "doth now save us." Whom? Those 
who had been "baptized into Christ," and "put on Christ;" 
having this ordinance attended to by the divine authority 
held by the apostles and the elders, who were called of God 
in the days of Peter. 

The question came up in the early rise of the Church of Christ 
restored in these last days, as to whether it was necessary for 
those who had been baptized by the sectarian priests to be 
re-baptized, some desiring to join or unite with the Church 
without rebaptism, who had previously been baptized. The 
revelation given on that occasion will le found in the twenty- 
second section of the Doctrine and Covenants, and sustains 
the principle that although a man may be baptized many times 
without legitimate authority it would avail him nothing, a very 
natural conclusion. Read, my young friends, "Behold, I say 
unto you, that all old covenants have I oau.'-ed to be done away 
in this thing, and this is a new and everlasting covenant, even 
that which was from the beginning. Wherefore, although 
a man should be baptized an hundred times, it availeth him 
nothing, for j'ou cannot enter in at the straight gate by the 
law of Moses, neither by your dead works; for it is because 
of your dead works, that I liave caused this last covenant, and 
this (,'hurch to^bc built up unto me, even as in days of old," 
This agrees with the scriptures, "There is one body, and one 
Spirit, even as yc are called in one hope of your calling; one 
Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and Father of 
all," 

Now, it is no more to accept of this correct form of wor- 
ship than to accept of a false form of worship, is it? Why 
should not all mankind worship the living and true God? 
Why should not all "fear God and give glory to Him," 
"and worship Him that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, 
and the fountains of water?" 

It is to our individual interest to have an uiider.standing of 
these prin('iplcs, for we are individually interested in our pre- 
sent and future welfare, 'J'lie science of theology teaches us 
these important principles by which we make a success in this 
life and secure our eternal lives in the future in the kingdom 
of heaven; and it is impo,ssible for any one man to be more 



c^ 



-*e<sf< 



J-U-VEItTILE I±TSTI2;TJOTOI^. 



133 




interested in his own welfare than another. He may not see 
this to-day, but it is obvious. We are equally the children of 
God, heirs to the promise through faith and obedience. We 
become the sons of Abraham and the elect of God through 
our obedience to these eternal principles. Are we not all 
interested in ourselves? Can we benefit others unless we are 
ourselves benefited? Do not all desire happiness and is not 
there a sure and certain way of happiness? Most assuredly 
there is. Obedience to correct principles is a sure way to happi- 
ness and peace. These principles are very plainly and simply 
taught iu the science of theology. But we have barely touched 
upon the first principles and desire, my young friends, that 
you should become converted to the necessity of the fellowship 
of the Holy Ghost. That you should be full of love, possessing 
faith, hope and charity, being temperate in all things that you 
may make an everlasting success in this glorious study. You 
have everything in your favor, born in the everlasting coven- 
ant, heirs to the Priesthood and promises of the fathers 
adopting these principles taught in the science of theology, 
you will naturally become gentlemen and gentle women and 
will establish a character by which you will become everlast- 
ing. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH, 



EARLY LIFE IN THE VALLEY. 




[Continued from page 123.) 

IN writing back to Elders Hyde, Smith and Benson at Potta- 
watomie, President Young said that it was expected that 
the brethren would not have any occasion to bring any more 
breadstuffs than would be necessary for their journey, as those 
who were then in the valley would be able to raise all they 
would want upon their arrival. But instead of bread-stuffs 
they could bring dry goods, clothing, groceries; animals and 
fowls and seeds of every kind; nuts for planting, trees, shrubs 
and flower seeds of every kind. 

By direction of Col. R. B. Mason, military governor of 
California, Col. J. D. Stevenson wrote to President Young 
that he was instructed to authorize Captain Jefferson Hunt to 
raise a volunteer battalion of "Mormons." He alluded to 
the "severe persecution" endured by the Saints, and attri- 
buted much of the prejudice existing in California to the 
exclusiveness of the Saints, as well as the bad reports which 
had preceded them ; but he said that the intercourse with the 
men of the battalion since their arrival had dispelled the preju- 
dices, and that having had occasion to visit all the prominent 
places from Santa Barbara to San Diego, he had found a 
strong feeling of respect entertained for the "Mormon" 
people, both by the native and foreign population, and an 
earnest desire expressed that they should be retained in ser- 
vice during the war and finally become permanent residents of 
that section. 

After the arrival of President Young in the valley he called 
the brethren of the battalion together and blessed them in the 
name of the Lord for their fidelity to the kingdom of (lod. 
He told thorn it was not generally understood why the battal- 
ion had been raised. The Latter-day Saints had friends and 
enemies at Watihington. When President Polk could do 
them a favor he was disposed to do it, but there were those 
around him who felt vindictive towards the Saints and kept 



continually harping against them, and who thought them- 
selves wise enough to lay plans to accomplish their destruc- 
tion. The plan of raising a battalion to march to California 
by a call from the war department was devised with a view 
to the total overthrow of the kingdom of God and the 
destruction of every man, woman and child, and was hatched 
up by Senator Thomas H. Benton. The progress of the camp 
every day was reported in Washington. The enemies of the 
Saints firmly believed they would refuse to respond to the call, 
and they told President Polk this would prove to him whether 
they were friends to the Union ; and they further advised the 
President that when the call would be rejected, to say to the 
States of Missouri and Illinois and the mobocrats: "the Mor- 
mons are at your mercy." When Captain Alien, who had 
been appointed by the government to call upon the Latter-day 
Saints to raise a battalion for the war, read his papers, the 
power of the Almighty was upon President Young and his 
brethren, and it overshadowed Allen, and he straightway 
became the friend of the people, and had he lived. President 
Young said, he would have remained their friend. 

It was to the praise of the battalion. President Young said, 
that they went as honorable men, doing honor to their calling 
and to the United States, and he was satisfied with all of them. 
If some had done wrong and trangressed and been out of the 
way, President Young exhorted them to refrain therefrom, 
turn unto the Lord and build up His kingdom. Who could 
say, he asked, he was without sin ? 

President Young said, he felt glad that their conduct had 
proved to their commanders and generals that they were the 
best and most reliable soldiers ; and although there were, 
perhaps, no people in the Union who would have responded 
to the call under the circumstances the Saints were in, still it 
was the best course they could have pursued. Pre.'-ident 
Young further remarked that he saw the whole plan con- 
cocted as plainly as he saw the faces then before him, and he 
felt within himself that his faith in God would out-general 
the wickedness of their enemies. The battalion was fotmsd, 
it started and the sword fell on the other side. If the bat- 
talion had not gone, they would not have been in the valley then. 
He alluded to feelings which existed between those who had 
been in the army and those who had not ; such feelings, he 
said were wrong. His fellowship was as pure for one person 
as for another who had been preserved in the gospel cove- 
nants. 

He said he did not want the battalion to re-enlist for another 
six months. He regretted that he did not have clothing for 
them ; but he would rather wear skins, he said, than go back 
to the United States for clothes. 

On the 8th of October, 1848, a general conference was held 
in this city, at which President Brigham Young was sustained 
by unaiyimous vote as President of the Church, with Heber C. 
Kimball and Willard Richards as his coun.selors. John Smith 
was sustained as Patriarch ; Charles C. Rich as president of 
the Stake, with John Young and Erastus Snow as his coun- 
selors. Orson Hyde, Parley P. Pratt, Lyman Wight, Wilford 
Woodruff, John Taylor, George A. Smith, Amasa Lyman and 
Ezra T. Benson were sustained as members of the council of 
the Twelve Apostles ; and Joseph Young, Levi W. Hancock, 
Zera Pulsipher, Albert P. Rockwood, Henry Herriman, Jede- 
diah M. Grant and Benjamin L. Clapp, as first presidents of 
the Seventies. Newel I\. Whitney was sustained as presiding 
Bishop. At this conference President Voung delivered a 
discourse on the Holy Priesthood, in which he showed the 
necessity there was for a First Presidency over the Church ; 




134 



CTTJ^EITIXjE in^STI^TJOTOZe.. 




'"for," said he, "God has told me we would fall, if we did not 
organize a First Presidency." The conference adiourned to 
the 15th of October, at which time a letter to the Presidency 
of the Church, written from Chain Island, or Ana, in the 
South Pacific ocean, under the date of October 19, 184(1, by 
Klders Addison Pratt and B. F. Grouard, and brought from 
there by Brother A. Pratt, was read to the conference. It 
gave a detailed account of their labors on those islands, and 
was listened to with great interest by the conference. Elder 
Addison Pratt also addressed the people ; his remarks and the 
narrative of his labors were listened to with great gratification. 
It was voted unanimously by the conference that he should 
return to the Society Islands, accompanied by such Elders as 
should be designated thereafter. 

On the .'')rd of Peeember, at a meeting h<>ld in the Fort, 
fellowship was withdrawn from Lyman Wight, one of the 
Twelve Apostles, and George Miller, Bishop. 

The people of Great Salt Lake City sufi'ered so much 
annoyance from the wolves howling at night, and from the 
depredations of foxes, catamounts and other animals that it 
was thought advisable to organize two companies of one 
hundred men each, John P. Lee and John Pack to be the 
captains, to destroy these wild animal.«. It was arranged that 
the company which should produce the most game were to be 
treated to a dinner at the expense of the other company. 
[To he Continued.) 



VARIETIES. 



THE LIBRARY OF COXGRESS. 

THE following, copied from an exchange, will doubtless be 
of interest to many of our readers, and will give an idea 
of the excellent facilities our law-makers have for acquiring 
information on any subject: 

"The library of ConKrcss contains 300, (KX) volumes, and is the 
largest coUfotion in the United Slates. Some years ago the 
library of the Smithsonian Institution was merged with the Con- 
gressional library, and has now become a part of it. Ancieni 
and modern history embraces the largest collection, containing 
about 10(),IKX) volumes. Biography and travel stand next in 
order, with 8<).000 volumes. The law department, with its:!5,0(X) 
volumes, stands third on the list; and of poetry there are, at 
least, 20,000 volumes. The medical works present a front of 
8,000; and the standard novels comprise a carefully selected list 
of about 5, OKI. No novels of a lower order than those commonly 
known as standard are allowed in this valuable collection. The 
books are allowed, by law, to be loaned out to the President of 
the United States, members of his cabinet, judges of the supreme 
court and the court of claims, the members of the Senate and 
the House of Representatives and the diplomatic corps in Wash- 
ington. The same privilege is also extended, by courtesy, to 
many of the gentlemen employed about the capilol building and 
to the clerks of the various Congressional committees. To any 
other person, male or female, over the ago of nineteen years, is 
accorded the privilege of going to the library and reading room 
at such hours us the room is open." 

SAVED BV A BIRD. 

It is not unfrequent to hear of persons being .'•aved from 
drowning in the sea by catching .some floating spar, or other 
buoyant article by which they are supported until rescued; 
but that a bird should be the means of thus supporting a 
human being is somewhat strange. Still such an occurrence 
really happened aa related by the Syilwi/ Trlef/raph : 




"A singular story has been related to us by the master of the 
bark, Gladstcme, which arrived here from London. While the 
vessel was in latitude 42° south, and longitude 00° east a seaman 
fell overboard from the starboard gangway. The bark was 
scudding along with a rough sea and moderate wind, but on the 
alarm of 'Man overboard I' being given, she was rounded to, and 
the starboard lifeboat was lowered, manned by the chief officer 
and four men. A search for the unfortunate man was made, 
but, owing to the roughness of the sea, he could not be discov- 
ered; but the boat steered to the spot where he was last seen. 
Here they found him floating, but exhausted, clinging for dear 
life to the legs and wings of a huge albatross. The bird had 
swooped down on iheman while the latter was struggling with 
the waves and attempted to peck him with its powerful beak. 
Twice the bird attacked its prey unsuccessfully, being beaten off 
by the desperate sailor, battling with two enemies — the waves 
and the albatross — both greedy and insatiable. For the third 
time the huge, white form of the bird hovered over the seaman, 
preparatory to a final swoop. The bird, eager for its meal, fan- 
ned its victim with its wide-spread wings. Suddenly the thought 
occurred to him that the huge form so close to his face might 
become his involuntary rescuer. Quick as thought he reached 
up and seized the bird, which he proceeded to strangle with all 
his might. The huge creature struggled with wings and paddles 
to free itself. In the contest the sailor was beaten black and 
blue and cruelly lacerated, but he held his own and slowly the 
bird quivered and died. The carcass floated lightly on the waves, 
its feathers forming a comfortable support until he was rescued." 

A GOOD WITNESS. 

If all who are compelled to testify in court would only bear 
in mind the following incident, given by an exchange, and act 
in a similar manner, no amount of cross-questioning from law- 
yers would disconcert them : 

"A boy twelve years old was the important witness in a law- 
suit. One of the lawj'ers, after cross-questioning him severely, 
said, 'Your father has been talking to you and telling you how 
to testify, hasn't he'." 

" 'Yes,' said the boy. 

" 'Now,' said the lawyer, 'just tell us how your father told you 
to testify.' 

"'Well,' said the boy modestly, 'father told me the lawyers 
would try and tangle me in my testimony; and if I would just 
be careful and tell the truth, I could tell the same thing every 
time.' " 

ETIQUETTE FOR CHILDREN. 

Au. the children of the Saints should know how to behave 
in company, for there is no one more annoying to well-bred 
society than a rude child. 

We give a few simiilo rules which it would be well for every 
child to observe, who desires to gain the love and respect of 
its associates: 

"Always say 'Yes, sir.' 'No, sir.' 'Thank you.' 'No, thank 
you.' 'Good-night.' 'Good-morning.' Use no slang term.s. 

"Clean faces, clean clothes, clean shoes and clean linger-nails 
indicate good breeding. Never leave your clothes about the 
room. Have a place for everything, and everything in its place. 

"Always offer your seat to a lady or old gentleman. 

"Never put your feet on cushion.s, chairs or tables. 

"Never overlook any one when reading or writing, nor talk 
or read aloud while others are reading. 

"Never talk or whisper at meetings or public places, and 
especially in a private room, where anyone is singing or playing 
the piano. 

"Be careful to injure no one's feelings by unkind remarks. 
Never tell falsehoods, make faces, call names, ridicule the lame, 
mimic the unfortunate, nor be cruel to insects, birds or animals.' 





J-TJ'^lIll^II-.El HsrSTK^TJOTOI?.. 



135 




iiiffjit f0i tlw Jittli #»i^. 



A LITTLE HERO. 



In a dark, dismal, cold garret, on a rude bed of 
straw, lay a little boy suffering with a most terrible 
hunger. He had been almost beaten to death by 
his father for not acknowledging and asking for- 
giveness for a theft of which his stern parent had 
accused him, but of which he was innocent; and 
now the father was trying to starve into submis- 
sion he whom blows could not move. The boy's 
firm and only answer to the unjust charges was, 
"My heart chideth me with no such guilt done to 
thee, father; and, therefore, I cannot say I am sor- 
ry for it." 

The four sisters of the hero plead in vain for 
the sufferer. Willingly Avould they have gone with- 
out food, could it have helped him. But no! the 
master of the house was determined to break the 
"stubborn will of the lad," and forbid the girls 
from even seeing him, much less from carrying 
him food. 

The evening meal was spread. The father, 
mother and daughters silent!}' ate their food. Sor- 
row filled each heart and brooded especially over 
the minds of the girls, each of whom, unknown to 
the other, thrust a piece of bread in her pocket 
when the heads of the parents were turned, with 
the thought to carry it to the bo}', even though 
they thereby disobeyed the father's command. 

All retired to rest but not to sleep. The parents 
were too sad and the girls too anxious. After 
lying still until each thought the others asleep, the 
children, one by one, arose, crept softly to the gar- 
ret and deposited the morsel she had saved for the 
starving boy. Even the pet girl, the youngest one 
of the family, remembered her part. As she came 
to the place where her brother lay, she begged 
hard that he would eat from her hand what he had 
refused to take from the others. But he would not. 

"It be wrong, Lena," said he, "to do anything 
against the father's bidding." 

"Yea, I do know; but T could not hcl|i but 
liring thee this when thou art so hungry," cried 
the sister, patting him softly on the cheek; "come, 
eat, there's a dear." 

"I would not touch it, Lena," said the resolute 
l)oy, "for all the money in the world; besides, I 
liavc got beyond the want of it, now." 

"But do eat it! " the child implored again, break- 
ing off a i)iece and holding it to his mouth. 



"Listen, Lena!" said the boy, who was too faint 
to talk much; "dost thou call to mind that father 
did say I should not touch a crumb till I did ask 
forgiveness?" and, as the girl nodded, he said, 
"Well, then, I am not the boy to break his last 
command to me." 

Footsteps being now heard below, the dis- 
appointed and sobbing child hastened to her bed. 

The next morning the father went early to his 
son's couch, hoping to find him ready to yield. 
His hopes were vain. The boy, whose strength 
was fast failing, held out his hand, but could not 
say he was guilty of theft. As the man turned 
away, saying, "The sin be on thine own head! It 
is the last time I come to thee!" he saw the four 
untasted jiieces 6f bread left by earthly angels' 
hands. He hastened to the kitchen, and, as his 
daughters clustered round to hear the result of his 
visit, he inquired who had dared to disobey him 
in carrying food to the disobedient. 

"Each of us," spoke the oldest girl, "be guilty as 
the other, father. None of us could bear to think 
that our brother was starving in his room while 
we had plenty to eat at thy board; so we all did 
give him a share of our supper yesternight." 

"Ye did, did ye — oil of ye?" shouted the old 
man, "And thou darest to tell me this to my face, 
girl?" 

"We would not willingly have wounded thee, 
sir; but indeed the bondage thou didst set upon 
us was too strong," was the reply. 

"It was, my child!" cried the softened parent as 
he drew his child to his bosom, "and I love thee 
all the better for the sundering of it. I was a fool 
to think ye couhi have done otherwise. Ye have 
taught me a lesion that, mayhap, I should never 
have learned till thy brother had fallen a victim 
to the bitter tempter that has overpowered me. 
There, go ye to your brother, children — feed and 
tend him to 3'our hearts' fill; and, moreover, tell 
him that he hath my forgiveness, even though he 
be too proud to think it worth the asking for." 

Joyfully the maidens scamiiered off to gladden 
the heart f>f tlie suffering boy. Gradually he re- 
covered under the watchful care of his faithful 
sisters; and, what his father was pleased to call 
stubborimess, in after years -brought him into 
prominence and made his name k-iiown through- 
out the world. 

That "stublwrn" boy was none other than Mar- 
tin LuTHiiU, the great and good rcfoi'mer whose 
name is lionorcd and memory revered by millions 
of people. 



j^?;,!^^ 



-cJSt 



W 136 



crTJ^E]isrii-,E iisrsTi?.TJOTOi^. 




GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




lOLOMON says, "Train up a child in the 
way he should go: and when he is old, 
he will not depart from it." 

There is great truth in this remark of 
the wise king. He had, probably, as ex- 
tensive an experience as most men, if he 
did not excel the greater portion of the 
human family in his knowledge ot human 
nature. We see the truth of the saying 
illustrated where children have received 
proper training. The question naturally 
'•i-*^ >- fc^c\r arises. What is proper training? Is it to merely 
^'yxAJjryir tell children what they are to do? This is only 
a part of training. They should not only be 
told what to do, but parents and guardians should 
j^T^ sec that they do that which is required. For in- 
> j; •'^ stance, to merely tell a child to go to meeting and 
then leave him to stay at home, or play on the 
road, or go to meeting, as should suit himself, is not train- 
ing. But when parents give their children instruction con- 
cerning attending meeting, they should see that they go to 
meeting and that they do not -stop on the road to play during 
the hours of service. 

It is well to teach children the importance of tithing; but 
to give them proper training, they .should be taught to take 
the tithing and pay it, (such articles as they are able to carry) 
and if they earn anything theni.-elvcs, their parents or guard- 
ians should .see that they pay the tenth into the Lord's store- 
house. In numberless ways can children be trained besides 
being taugiit. For instance, upon the fast day, nothing could 
more impress upon the child's mind the importance of the 
action than requiring him to carry the fast offerings to the 
Bishop's, so that he will see that it is a practical duty, and 
that his heart will be touched with feelings of sympathy for 
the poor for whrse benefit the fast offerings are contrilmted. 
Children .should not only be taught that it is proper for them 
to go to Sunday school, but their parents should .see that they 
do go. This is part of the training that they need. So 
with day schools and with every duty that devolves upon them. 
They should not only be told to pray, but they should be 
taught to pray and ask a blessing, and to attend to every duty 
that it is desirable for them to attend to. 

Little boys, as soon as they are old enough to attend to the 
duties of a Deacon, should be instructed in tho.se duties and 
ordained to the office of a Deacon, and as they grow older, be 
called to the office of Teacher, and the office of Priest ; and after 
proving themselves in these offices and gaining the neces.sary 
experience, receive the Melchisedec Priesthood and act in the 
office of Elder. In this way we can train children in the way 
they should go, and when they are old, they will not depart 
from it. This is mingling the practical duties of our religion 
with the theoretical, or, in other word.s, faith and works. 



ENMITY WILL CEASE. 



BT S. F. ATWOOD. 



TN the early settlement of Utah, rattle-snakes were more 
-^ plentiful in the canyons than they are at the present time; 
and they were sometimes seen in the vicinity of Salt Lake 
City. 

In the Summer of 1851, the first season after my arrival 
and association with the Saints in Zion, I went up Dry Can- 
yon, north-east from Salt Lake City, for a load of wood. 
About one mile from the mouth of the canyon my team passed 
by a rattle-snake of medium size which was lying almost 
in the wagon track While the team was passing, the snake 
shook his rattles and crawled up the side of the canyon with- 
out offering to bite. When the wagon came up opposite 
to where the snake had gone, I jumped off from the running gear 
and struck it squarely on the head with the but-end of a hickory 
whip-stock, thus killing it. In an instant, a voice from some 
source, not the voice of a man, but as plain to me as if it had 
been so, said, "For what did you kill that snake? He had 
given the alarm and was crawling away without molesting you 
or yours, and had done you no harm." I felt rebuked for 
what I had done, and a feeling came over me which I can 
never describe. Suffice it to say that I would have done 
almost anything to have been enabled to bring the snake to 
life again. 

My reflections were of a peculiar kind during the rest of 
the day, for I had grown up from childhood with the thought, 
as most boys have, that it was right and almost a duty to kill 
every snake that I saw, whether poisonous or not. That 
there was anything wrong in doing so never entered my mind, 
for I had read in the Bible that the Lord .said, "The seed of 
the woman shall bruise the head of the serpent." Then why 
this voice to me? 

When I returned to the city, I related this circumstance to 
one of my neighbors who al.so told me something I had never 
heard before. It was to the effect that when the Saints were 
camped at I'isgah, on their way from Nauvoo to Winter Quar- 
ters, where rattle-snakes were abundant, several of their cattle 
were daily bitten by them. The men killed every snake they 
could find, but they seemed to increase faster than they could 
be killed, and more of the cattle were bitten. President Brig- 
ham Young, hearing of this, said that "Although enmity had 
been placed between the seed of the woman and the seed of 
the serpent, the time will come when that enmity will cease, 
and it must cease with man first." He then promised the 
people that if they would stop killing the snakes, they, in 
turn, would cea.sc to bite their cattle. The Saints did as he 
told them and his words were truly verified: But few of the 
cattle were bitten afterwards during their stay there. 

I have traveled where rattle-snakes were quite plentiful, but 
I have never, to my knowledge, killed any of God's creatures 
unnecessarily since I learned that it was displeasing to our 
Creator to do so. 



What a J'oind op Fi.esii i.s Madk of.— An English 
chemist has been experimenting for the purpose of ascertain- 
ing how much of various kinds of food must be eaten in order 
to make one pound of flesh. lie comes to the conclusion that 
it requires 2.') pounds of milk, loO of turnips, .50 of potatoes, 
50 of carrots, K of oatmeal, "A of barleymeal and 'U of beans. 



12 





CTTJ^EISriLE II^STie/TJOTOE.. 



Ii37 




CAPTAIN COOK. 



CAPTAIN JAMES COOK, whose portrait is here shown, 
was born on the 27th of October, 1728, in the village of 
Marton, in Yorkshire, England. He was of humble parentage, 
and was one of nine children. 

The rudiments of education were taught him by the village 
Echool-mistress. But when eight years of age he was sent to 
school at the expense of his father's employer, in a place 
called Ayton, to which the family had removed. Here young 



servitude were ended, in the capacity of a common sailor. 
Eventually he was promoted to the position of a mate, on a 
coal vessel. 

Cook afterwards volunteered to ecter into the government's 
service. He was soon discovered to be an able and active sea- 
man, and was given every encouragement. In the course of 
a few years he was appointed to take charge of a vessel, then 
about to make a voyage to America. 

His services upon this and subsequent occasions proved very 
acceptable, and duties of importance were entrusted to his 





Cook received instruction in the common branches of educa- 
tion. 

At the age of twelve years he was bound an apprentice to 
a shopkeeper, in a fishing town. His employment at this 
place did not suit him. He had a desire to go to sea, and his 
inclination to be a sailor was considerably strengthened by 
associating and conversing with sea-faring men. 

At last he determined to gratify his desire, and, having 
been discharged by his employer, he accordingly bound him- 
self to .serve seven years on a vessel employed in the coal 
trade. He continued for some time after his seven years of 



execution. During his leisure moments he made u.^e ot his 
time in studying astronomy and acquiring such information as 
would be of service to him as a navigator. Between the years 
\1ri9 and 17('i7 he made several trips to Newfoundland, where 
he was engaged in surveying and taking observations. The 
valuable services which he rendered his country on these expe- 
ditions satisfied his superiors of his excellent ability. 

On the 23rd of May, 170S, Captain (then Lieutenant) Cook 
was appointed to the command of the Ended ror, which was to 
make a voyage to the South Sea Islands for the purpose of 
taking astronomical observations during the transit of Venus 





13S 



J-Cr^E]ISriI_.E Il^STI^TJGTOI?.. 




over the sun's di^k. This was one object for which he set 
sail. Another object was to make an accurate examination 
of the Pacific Ocean, and to explore the Southern Seas. 

After making the observation of the transit of Venus, Cook 
continued his labors of exploration and discovery. The voy- 
age ended by his cireumnavigatiuK the globe; and he returned 
to his native land, laden with an abundant store of geogra- 
phical and astronomical knowledge, as well as a great deal of 
information concerning the peoples, the animals and the 
plants found in the countries which he visited. 

iSubsequently another voyage around the world was under- 
taken by Captain Cook. At that time it was supposed that a 
southern continent existed, and previous to his first voyage it 
was believed that New Zealand and other islands that were 
but little known, were parts of this supposed continent. 
Although his first trip furnished sufficient evidence that 
these islands were not connected with any mainland, still the 
idea that a southern continent did exist was not entirely dis- 
pelled. The object, therefore, for which he was sent on his 
second voyage was to ascertain definitely whether or not a 
continent did exist in the southern hemisphere. 

Captain Cook started on his second voyage with instructions 
to make a complete circuit of the globe in high southern 
latitudes, and to examine every unknown part of the Pacific 
Ocean. 

From the time he left England to the time of his returning 
occupied some three years; he sailed some forty thousand miles, 
during which he made several new discoveries of islands, 
but found no southern continent. He felt fully convinced 
that none existed unless it was near the south pole, and inac- 
cessible to navigation. 

After his return lo England from his second voyage, Cook 
expected to re.si awhile from such perilous undertakings. A 
belief had been entertained for upwards of a century that a 
shorter route than the one then taken (around the Cape of Good 
Hope; to China and the East Indies could be found. Many 
expeditions had been sent out for the i)urpose of discovering 
such a course. Some had sought a north-west passage around 
the northein part of North America, while others had tried 
to sail along the northern coast of Asia. But all attempts had 
been in vain. 

The admiralty felt rather delicate in again calling upon 
Captain Cook to make another adventure at .such a great risk. 
But on account of his experience as a seaman, he was con- 
sulted in relation to the mode of procedure. Cook became so 
fired with the contemplation of the object which appeared to 
him so grand, that he volunteered his services, and was accord- 
ingly placed in command of the expedition. 

If there was any jjo-s.-ibility of finding an opening on the 
east .i^ide of America for this passage it was necessary to the 
success of the enterprise that there should be an outlet 
between the west coast of America and the eastern extrem- 
ities of Asia. Cook was therefore ordered to proceed into the 
Pacific Ocean, and then direct his course northward, making 
such explorations on his way as would be beneficial to science 
and navigation. 

.\fter re-visiting some of the islands which were discovered 
during previous voyaces, he proceeded on his course, when 
he discovered another group of islands hitherto unknown. To 
this group he gave the name of Sandwich Islands, in honor 
of- Lord Sandwich, who had taken a great interest in the 
expedition. 

Leaving these i,'<lands he sailed farther north and again 
returned. He made another attempt to proceed but was 



forced to retreat. He anchored near the island of Hawaii for 
his last time. Although the natives appeared to be friendly 
up to this time, for some cause unknown to the crew, they 
became enraged and sought the captain's life. During a con- 
tention between the Europeans and the natives, on the beach, 
Captain Cook was killed by the latter on the 1 ■'ith of February, 
1779. 

The natives of these islands say that when Cook visited 
them they took him for a god, and as such worshiped him, 
but finding out they were deceived, they killed him. 



HOME. 




■Xl rHAT is home? Is it some mythical ideality or some 
'• phantasmagoria of the brain, which, having no real 
existence, looms up in the imagination, luring with deceptive 
fascination the weak-minded? If not, is it some locality 
where we chance to be, where we exist, where our temporary 
residence is, though among strangers? If such there be who 
have no better conception of that sacred reality symbolized by 
the word home, they need to be commiserated. Life to them 
is half a failure. They will require another probationary 
existence ere they will be able to comprehend the ecstatic pleas- 
ure within the reach of mortals here below. Home does not 
consist only of a locality, a habitation, a farm, an estate, but 
the associations connected with our life. It is a living, tangible 
reality, around which hovers the tenderest recollections and 
the strongest ties of man's nature. Why do we love the old 
homestead where we were born? Because it was there a 
mother's loving care guided our early foot-steps and taught 
by her loving kindness to us, what it is to love. Why do 
we remember with deep emotion the shady grove and the 
streamlet and all the well-known places of interest near the 
old paternal habitation? Because it was there we played our 
childish games in mirthful abandon with our brothers and 
sisters. Why does our imagination clothe the unpretentious 
frog-pond with a degree of importance not in keeping with its 
appearance ? Because it was there we launched our corncob 
ships and bated our hooks for craw-fishes in company with our 
playmates and upon its margin in imitation of its denizens we 
played at the undignified but invigorating pastime of leap- 
frog. 

The emotions which swell the bo.som of the son of the mil- 
lionaire are no more intense or heartfelt when reverting to the v 
scenes of childhood than are those of the child of the hum- 
blest whose youthful days were spent in a rude hovel sur- 
rounded with none of the luxuries that wealth jiroduces, but 
wliose early recollections are oi' the sacred motherly love and 
kind actions of associates which retain their impress when 
the tinsel and glitter of earthlj' riches have been forgotten. 
What holy and reverential feelings are awakened by the. sound 
of the old home songs ! Tender emotions and recollections of 
.scenes of long ago, touching symi athetic chords we thought 
impervious to such weakness ! And thus everything connected 
with our early life is surrounded and beautified by a halo of 
sanctity and the old home presents to our imagination the 
embodiment of all that is lovely, pure and holy. In maturer 
years we form new connections and a new kind of affection 
takes hold of us ; conjugal and parental associations are 
formed, and we realize fully the great amount of love of which 
our hearts are capable ; wherever these new-found objects 
of our aflTections may be, there is home. And though we may 




J'TJ^Ein^ILE II^STI^TJCTOI?.. 



139 




be surrounded with the wealth and pleasures of the world, 
in the absence of those loved ones there can be no home. 

How satisfying the contemplation that our common Parent 
has so ordered that to make our happiness complete we will 
be surrounded and cheered by the presence of the loved ones 
in the place which He has prepared for our eternal home. 

P. 



< I -<^- < m 



'-M 



BY WILtlAJI FOTHERINGHAM. 




{Contimied from paffe 91.) 

ATthecloseofiihelantcliaii! oat one, I referred to my 
arrival at Quttaek. :r; which riace I found Brother Meik. 
It was very pleasant l^j bave the association of one of the 
household of faith, after having been separated from the 
society of my brethren for several months. I remained four 
days in Cuttack, during which time held two public meetings 
in Brother Meik's bungalow, which were sparsely attended. 

A part of the mangks and coolies which I started to Sum- 
bulpore after the timber, arrived at Cuttack, having with 
them one raft. The journey to Uultack was very disasreeable, 
and when ready to return, my bearer.s couciuded, for a change, 
to take a different route back, by keeping on the other tide of 
the river. While on the journey to Manickpatna, 1 often 
wished we had followed our previous path. We encountered 
dense, prickly jungles which greatly annoyed the poor bearers, 
who had to repeatedly stop and doctor their feet, as described 
in a former chapter. When nearing the bay we found the 
low country submerged, the same as on the other route, and 
had to sound our way through the many lagoons we had to 
cross. 

When we arrived at the Brahmanee river, a huge alligator 
lay sunning itself on the opposite banks. Having a revolver 
with me, as a means of protection against an attack from 
Bengal tigers, which infest the jungelf^, I fired three shots at 
the monster but the only effect they had was to make it plunge 
into the river. 

I arrived at Manickpatna after an absence of two weeks, and 
resumed my unpleasant labors of instructing the natives in the 
construction of the vessel. 

Having travelled through many native towns and villages in 
Hindostan, Bengal and Orissa, I made it my business to 
inquire into their municipal organizations and what title they 
occupied in the soil, etc. It may be in point at this stage for 
the information ol my readers, to give a brief outline of how 
they manage, inasmuch they have not changed, materially, 
from time immemorial. 

The kings, rulers, moguls and governments that have held 
sway in India, owned the soil. The cultivators of the land 
would never be disturl)ed from generation to generation, while 
they paid the revenue claimed by the government. A village 
may contain from five hundred to two or three thou.sand inhab- 
itants occupying an area of arable and wild lands equal in .size 
to a township. 1'hc villages are principally occupied by n/otK, 
or farmers. As soon as a man arrives at a particular age, he 
is allowed a certain quantity of land, such as will occupy his 
time to advantage with the rude agricultural implements, 
which would make a young farmer in Utah sick to use. He 



must make his labors profitable, in order to keep up the gen- 
eral revenue of the government, the chief support of which 
is generally derived from the productions of the soil. ' 

Every village is a distinct society, the inhabitants of which 
are interested in the affairs of their own miniature republic — 
the labor of one contributing to the benefit of all. The office 
of the chief functionary of the village is call potaiJ. and he has 
a general supervision of all the affairs of the town which com- 
prises his jurisdiction, attends to the police force and settles 
all disputes that may arise among the people. He acts as a 
petty judge among them, rents the land and collects the 
revenues from those of his own village, and pays the 
amount due to the zemindar, who.se jurisdiction may comprise 
a hundred villages; he pays it into the government exchequer, 
reserving a lucrative compensation for his services. This 
zemindar is a Persian term, introduced by the Mahometan 
conquerors in India, conveying the idea of a middle man, who 
occupies the position between the producer and the king or 
government treasury, which receives the greater part of the 
net produce. 

The next in rank to the potail is the cunuim, who keeps a 
correct account of all the produce raised, and the expense con- 
nected with it. Tallier is the name of the next officer in rank, 
who acts in the double office of grand jury and body guard ; 
his sphere is to obtain information of crimes and offenses 
against the law, and to escort and protect persons travelling 
from one village to another. The duties of the totie are to 
watch the growing crops, and to estimate the amount likely to 
be raised which information is imparted to the zemindar, who 
in turn posts the government, etc. The boundary man of the 
village exercises functions similar to a county surveyor, who 
knows the limits of the village and gives evidence respecting 
them in cases of dispute. The superintendent of water 
courses and tanks, acts in the capacity of a water master. The 
school master instructs all the children of the village. They 
have no school house, the place of instruction to pupils is 
under the banyan or some other shadowy tree. Each pupil brings 
a piece of a mat, which he places on the ground to sit upon. 
The master teaches them to write upon palm leaves and on 
the sand with a cane pen. The village Brahmin attends to 
the worship. Another Brahmin acts as the astrologer of 
the village, and posts all the ri/ots in regard to the lucky and 
unlucky periods for sowing and thrashing. It requires to 
complete the organization of each town a potter, carpenter, 
blacksmith, cow-keeper, barber, washerman, poet, musician, 
doctor and dancing girl; all these perform labors in their line 
for the benefit of the whole. The doctor attends to all the 
sick of the village, the potter makes pots for all, the barber 
does all the shaving and the dancing girl performs all the dancing. 
During pugas and other celebrations the musician and dancing 
girl come into requisition, when all the rest of the villagers 
look on. 

When each ryot has got his grain thrashed and the other 
fruits of the earth gathered, he contributes to the support of 
the village functionaries and others whose time is spent 
for the whole as follows: In behalf of the temple 
fund to support the priests who oflieiate, five seers are allowed, 
being about ten pounds weight. The same amount is allowed 
to mendicant Brahmins. The village Brahmin and the astrol- 
oger, one seer each. For the carpenter, blacksmith, barber, 
potmakcr and washerman, two seers each. The book- keeper is 
allowed ten seers. Two seers for the measurer, and seven seers 
for the crier or news-man. The x>otail receives eight seers, out 
of which he furnishes the village sacrifices. The balance that 





140 



j-xj-v'EnsriiLEi iisrsTi^TJOTOio. 




is left is divided between the ri/nt and wmindar : the latter 
after remunerating himself transfers the remainder into the 
treasury. The ryots share is very small. 

A similar system was once in vogue among the Celts of the 
highlands of Scotland ; no doubt it was brought about for the 
want of a circulating medium. To servants and dependents 
were allowed certain portions of land for their support. When 
a beef was killed fur the laird's use, the head belonged to the 
blacksmith, and the udder to the piper ; the weaver also had 
his particular pifce and when every claimant had his allotted 
portion there was but very little left for the laird. 

The people of India have lived under the foregoing simple 
form of government from primitive times. War, pestilence and 
famine have frequently affected the people, nevertheless 
the town boundaries remained about the same. The people gave 
themselves very little concern who were the conquerors of the 
country so long as the villages were unmolested. The invaders 
invariably made it their study to protect the bullocks, carts 
and utensils of the r,i/of, for from this fountain, they were well 
aware, they received their source of supplies to support the 
government in peace as well as in war. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



^«»Si 



I AM revisiting the southern part of the Territory in com- 
pany with President Taylor and a number of leading 
Elders. It brings back many old scenes and reminds me of 
events that took place long years ago. How the time has 
fled! It is now :14 years si oce 1 first passed through what 
is now known as Iron county. Parowan and Cedar City and 
other towns were not then in existence. There was one settle- 
ment south of Salt Lake, and that was Provo. Between 
Provo and our southern line, there was not a habitation of a 
white man. The country was untried. Manti in Sanpete 
\'ailey was settled directly afterwards. Now the whole country 
is filled with settlements and people, and every time I pass, it 
seems to me that I can see an increase in the young men and 
young women; healthy, vigorous, stalwart men, and healthy, 
comely, attractive young women. I remember that about 
where Spanish Fork now stands we camjjed and placed our 
pack .^addles by our heads, and in the night the coyotes came 
up and ate the raw hide straps. Now. the coyotes are almost 
extinct, and the raVjbits have incrca.sed so much in consequence 
that in Iron county, a few years ago, they had to resort to 
e.xtraordinary measures to preserve their crops from their 
ravages. 

God has fulfilled His pomises made to Hi's people when they 
came to these mountains. Let any one read the discourses of 
President Young and the leading men of those days, and he 
will plainly sec foreshadowed in their remarks that which we 
now behold and much more that is yet to come to pass. If 
any one entertains doubt respecting President Young and his 
colleague- having the gift of prophecy they have but to read 
their'predictions of tho>e days in the liglit of present events 
and see how wonderfully they have been fulfilled. 

There is one subject of great importance, which has been 
impressed upon us as a people more forcibly, probably, than any 
other since we came to these valleys — that is the .subject of 
home manufactures. The recent prosperity, arising from the 
building of railroads and the influx of money into our settle- 



ments has had the effect to draw the attention of many per- 
sons from this important matter. Of late we are having close 
times. People are complaining of the scarcity of money. 
Without money or its equivalent it is impossible to make pur- 
chases of imported goods. We shall, therefore, of necessity, 
if the present condition of affairs continue, be compelled to 
turn our attention to the manufacture of articles for our- 
selves. 

At the present time the question with us on this trip is, 
can iron be manufactured in Iron county at prices that will 
enable the manufacturers to compete with the imported 
article? It is a question of great importance, and a com- 
mittee, composed of influential, experienced men, has been 
appointed to examine and to decide upon the feasibility of the 
scheme. There is scarcely a doubt in my mind respecting it. 
I think it not only possible, but that it must be successful; 
that with the materials which we have in Iron county lying 
side by side — iron ores of great variety, coal of good quality, 
limestone and every other element necessary for the successful 
manufacture of iron — that we can make iron as cheap as any 
other people. Iron lies at the foundation of a great many 
industries. There would be no end of demand, scarcely, for 
it, if it could be produced in quantities at a cheap price. It 
is to-day one of the greatest wants we have. Manufactures 
of almost every kind would spring up in the various towns of 
the Territory if iron could be furnished at low rates. The 
money which goes out yearly for stoves for our Territory to 
pay for their first cost and their freight is almost iucaiculable. 
Then think of our nails and other articles which are manu- 
factured out of iron and which can be produced in this Terri- 
tory with great ease ; for we have the skill here in abundance 
with which to make all these articles. It is to be hoped that 
the committee who have been appointed to examine and report 
upon this subject will be able to arrive at such a conclusion 
that they will be able to satisfy the people of the Territory, 
and to induce the judicious investment of capital for so worthy 
an object. 



DOES IT PAY TO DO WHO NO? 



1!V W. .1. 



T 1 niO is there beneath the heavens that can tell the doings 
» » of a day among the children of men on this earth? 
Could we have the evil doings of all the inhabitants of the 
earth, for any twenty-four hours during the present year, 
placed before us in a tabulated form, what a terrible showing 
it would make! All the crimes committed by the children of 
Adam, during such a period, would present a fearfully sicken- 
ing spectacle even to the comparatively good and pure among 
mortals ; but such a spectacle, or sins of various forms and 
degrees, have been before the gaze of the heavens ever since 
the day when man first yielded to the tempter. No wonder 
that the heavens have wept ! It is not at all surprising that 
"(lod is angry with the wicked every day! " We need not bo 
astonished when we read of the destruction of the An'ediluv- 
ians by a flood! And need we expect anything from His lips 
different from the declaration that He will "destroy the wicked 
as stubble," except they repent of their abominations? 

Now, does it pay to do wrong? If a young rnan violates 
law so as to serinusly injure his body, he will find it does not 
pay, for he will suffer in the flesh, and the older he becomes 





CrTJ^E]ITIIL.E in^STIE^vTJOTOie.. 



141 





the more acute Lis sufferings are likelj' to become. Should 
he sin and thus defile his spirit, though he may obtain a tem- 
porary gratification of a grosser passion, yet he will find it a 
miserably poor investment, for the results will be a darkened 
and a troubled mind, a sorrowful heart, self-condemnation, a 
consciousness of condemnation before God, and misery in life, 
which can only be assuaged and brightened by a speedy and 
genuine repentance, and a life of devotion to right and 
God. 

Does it pay the thief to steal? He may be a common, 
vulgar thief who would condescend to steal a hat or a horse ; 
or he may be an educated, respectable forger or embezzler who 
would aspire to steal one hundred, one hundred thousand, or 
one million dollars — no matter: what good would the hat, the 
horse, or the money do any one of them? This is an age of 
much stealing. Property owners are suspicious and alert. 
Detective ability is rapidly increasing. The telephone and 
telegraph are splendid auxilaries in thief-catching. The hat- 
stealer may have to pay the price of many hats for the one 
stolen; the horse-thief runs the risk of long imprisonment or 
of being shot down in his tracks; the forger or embezzler is 
likely to be hunted down and punished according to law — 
providing justice is done — though years may elapse before it is 
accomplished ; and when caught and convicted the reputation 
of each is badly shattered ; but, whether caught or uncaught, 
each loses favor with the heavens, and welters under the con- 
demnation of God ; therefore, it does not pay. 

The law of God to ancient Israel was: "Thou shalt not 
steal." This law is unrepealed. But the Lord appears to 
permit its violation in our day without visiting such swift 
vengeance upon the transgressor as formerly. Possibly He is 
allowing transgre^sors to ripen in wickedness and fill up the 
cup of their iniquity, until the time comes when He will pour 
out the vials of His wrath upon them, and none can escape 
the penalty of a broken law. In the days of Joshua, and not 
long after the law was given through Moses, Achan, of the 
tribe of Judah, stole a Babylonish garment, two hundred 
shekels of silver, and fifty shekels of gold, and buried them in 
the earth beneath his tent. Probably this was a part of the 
spoil taken at the siege and destruction of Jericho. About 
this time Israel were defeated in an attempt to take possession 
of the Ai. Joshua was sorrowful. He enquired of the Lord 
as to the defeat, and was told that "Israel hath sinned." He 
told Joshua how to find the thief Joshua did as the Lord 
commanded ; found Achan to be the man who had stolen the 
articles named above ; desired him to make confession of the 
deed. Achan did so; Jo-hua sent messengers to find the stolen 
property, and they found it and brought it to Joshua. Now, 
as Achan had made confession at the request of Jcshua, was 
he excused, and the matter passed over lightly — with a pro- 
mise not to do so again, a slight reprimand or something of 
that sort? No. The Lord had declared that he who was 
found guilty should be burned with fire, and all that he had. 
Therefore, Jo.-^hua and Israel took Achan, the stolen property 
and all that he had, into the valley of Aohor, and Israel stoned 
hitn, and the destruction was completed by fire according to 
the word of the Lord. And certainly this was not profitable 
to Achan — it would have been better for him if he had never 
seen neither gold nor silver. 

While Moses was in the mount, ancient Lsrael made and 
worshiped a golden calf in violation of the command which 
says, "Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or 
the likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in 
the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth — 



thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them." 
What was the result? Moses pulverized the golden calf, put 
it in water and made the children of Israel drink it. And 
Moses said unto the Levites: "Thus saith the Lord God of 
Israel, put every man his sword by his side, and go in and out 
from gate to gate throughout the camp, and slay every man 
his brother, and every man his companion, and every man his 
neighbor. And the children of Levi did according to the 
word of Moses, and there fell of the people that day about 
three thousand men." Now, did this pay ancient Israel? 

On one occasion a portion of Israel rebelled against Moses, 
and he told them that on the morrow the Lord would show 
them whom He had chosen to lead Israel. After they were 
gathered together on the morrow Moses said: "If these men 
die the common death of all men, or if they be visited after 
the visitation of all men, then the Lord hath not sent me. 
But if the Lord make a new thing, and the earth open her 
mouth, and swallow them up, with all that appertain unto 
them, and they go down quick into the pit, then ye shall 
understand that these men have provoked the Lord. And it 
came to pass as he had made an end of speaking all these 
words, that the ground clave asunder that was under them, 
and the earth opened her mouth and swallowed them up, and 
their houses, and all the men that appertained unto Korah, 
and all their goods. They, and all that appertained to them, 
went down alive into the pit, and the earth closed upon them, 
and they perished from among the congregation. And all 
Israel that were round about them fled at the cry of them, 
for they said : Lest the earth swallow us up also. And there 
came out a fire from the Lord, and consumed the two hundred 
and fifty men that offered iocense." Many murmured on 
account of this destruction, and the Lord sent a plague among 
them, which killed fourteen thousand seven hundred, before 
it was stayed through an atonement that was made by Aaron 
at the command of Moses (Num. xii). Now, did it pay Israel 
to do wrong ? No ; neither does it pay anyone else. 

Many more examples might be found, but these must 
suffice in this brief article. Piead correct history. Its pages 
abound with evidence which establishes the fact that wrong 
doers cannot escape retributive justice. They may not always 
meet its fullness in mortality, but the time will come when they 
will have to appear in a court which they cannot deceive, 
and in which they will be judged and rewarded or punished 
"according to the deeds done in the body" — then they will find 
that it does not pay to do wrong. 

"It never pays! A blunt refrain 

Well worthy of a song. 
For age and youth must learn the truth 

That nothing pays that's wrong. 
The good and pure alone are sure 

To bring prolonged success, 
While what is right in heaven's sight, 

Is always sure to bless." 



Wm. Cullen Bryant gave the following excellent advice 
to a young man who offered him an article for the Evening 
Post: — "My young friend, I ob.serve that you have used sev- 
eral French expressions in your article. I think, if you will 
study the English language, that you will find it capable of 
expressing all the ideas that you may have. I have always 
found it so, and in all that I have written I do not recall an 
instance when I was temi)ted to use a foreign word, but that 
on searching, [ found a better one in my own language." 





14rS 



J-TJ'V"E3^I31.E in^STI^TJOTOI^. 




NATURE'S INSTRUCTIONS. 



iConchided.) 
A MOXG fishes, we find that Nature has adopted a singular 
-^"^ combination of danger and safety. For example, in almost 
every instance where fishes exist in the deep waters of the 
ocean, and are not of sulBcient size to escape the jaws of their 
numerous enemies, they are possessed of enormous powers of 
speed, by means of which they can escape from the monsters 
pursuing them. When we find a gaudy-colored fish, which is 
not possessed of great speed in the water, we may be certain that 
its place of residence is in the immediate vicinity of rooks, amid 
the hollows and crannies of which it can readily obtain safety. 
Thus the parrot-fish of Africa, gaudy as a bird, is invariably 
found near rocks, as is also the gold-fish, and many others of 
the same class. Several species of fish, again, which are 
usually found near the shore, obtain safety by means of their 
similarity to the objects near which they are located, thus 
escaping detection just as many wild animals do by the same 
means. Among these, the flat fish, such as soles, flounders, 
and plaice, may be quoted as examples. When we find a fish 
which is brilliant in colors, not very swift in its swimming, 
and a denizen of the ocean, we may rest assured that the fish 
of which this creature is a representative abound in myriads; 
for the conditions are those which should exist to attract man 
and other animals to the shoals of fish whose numbers seem 
scarcely diminished by any onslaughts that are made upon 
them, as is the case with mackerel, herrings and sprats. 

Again, the shellfish of the sea, that have not the power of 
transporting themselves from place to place, will usually be 
found to possess the same color as the rock or soil on which 
they are located, whereas tho.se whose colors are more attrac- 
tive or brilliant can move from place to place, and thus select 
a retreat when any danger threatens them. 

Amid the feathered creatures we find even more singular 
adajitations than among f|uadrupeds ; for birds have in addi- 
tion to the peculiarities already spoken of, the power of song, 
which varies considerably according to the locality and sur- 
roundings amid which the bird passes its existence. In the 
quiet groves of England, and on many parts of the continent, 
the nightingale, thrush, blackbird and linnet have a suitable 
stage on which to perform, and their soft notes are there 
heard to perfection, the gentle sighing of the wind amid the 
trees being merely an agreeable accompaniment to their sweet 
notes; but the finest vocal performance that was ever heard 
would be thrown away were it uttered amid the roar of ocean 
waves, or when the surf is thundering on the shore. Thus 
no sea-bird is possessed with .song, but can merely utter a 
sharp shrill cry, audible to its mate even amid the dash of the 
storm-wave. 

Those birds also who.se brilliant plumage compeD.sates them 
for the absence of voice, but render them conspicuous objects 
to the bird of piey, are usually inhabitants of forests or woods, 
amid the foliage (f which they immediately seek a retreat 
when threatened by danger; while the partridge, lark and 
quail, residents of the open fields, and which do not reside in 
woods or forests, arc given such plain garbs, but so well 
adapted for concealment, that as they crouch on the pluwed 
field, amid its furrows, they are totally uDdistinguishablc 
from it. 

Here we aeain have an exact counterpart of the gaudy 
parrot-fish and the plain-looking sole and flounder; the one 
seeking a retreat among the rocks, as the gaudy bird does 
amid the foliage ; the other lying flat on the sands, and thus 



concealing itself, just as the partridge crouches on the plowed 
fields. 

The shape of a bird's egg is another example of Nature's 
adaptations; for the curve there adopted is one which the 
architect might well copy when he requires strength for his 
arch ; for thin as is the shell of an egg, still it will bear an 
immense pressure without lireaking. 

Thus it is a fact that all Nature is full of instruction, 
whether we examine the vegetable or animal kingdom ; and 
as we are all capable of becoming observers, and of increasing 
our pleasures much as we increase our observation, so Nature 
becomes a delight to us, or a mere dull page, just as we direct 
our thoughts to these harmonies and beauties, or allow them 
to pass unseen before our eyes, or unnoticed by our senses. 

Selected. 



A MYSTERIOUS DOG. 



BY J. L. R. 



ELDER JOHN POWEJ.L, in 1S.55, was sent by the St. 
Louis Stake of Zion, of which he was then a member, to 
Clarkston, Mo., upon a mission and to collect Church tithes. 
The broad Missouri lay between him and his destination, and 
for some time, he was at a loss how to cross it, but was finallj' 
taken over by a man in a small canoe which was made from a 
hollow log. The boat was so small that they had to sit quietly 
and row carefully to avoid capsizing. Arriving at the opposite 
bank Bro. Powell asked his companion the way to Clarkston, 
and was directed over the prairie. 

Elder Powell walked all day without seeing any one. As 
evening drew near he became quite unea.sy as the prospect 
seemed good for him to spend the night alone upon the prairie. 
There being no landmark upon the wide expanse to guide him, 
he gradually realized that he had lost his way. 

Remembering his calling and who.se work he was perform- 
ing, he knelt down and asked God to guide him to some place 
where he could spend the night. The answer to his prayer 
came in an impres.sion to go in a particular direction. He 
walked rapidly for some time and .seeing no one, his faith 
slowly left him. ^Vhen he bad almost despaired of finding 
shelter, he saw a small clump of trees, from which came a 
large, black dog. Supposing the animal came from some habi- 
tation Elder Powell ran after him as quickly as he could and 
was nearly out of breath when he almost ran over a man, 
whom the gathering darkness did not permit him to see- 
This forcible introduction caused the stranger to say, "Hello 
where are you going?" 

"The .same way you are," was the answer. 

While walking along, Bro. I'owell asked his companion if he 
belonged to any religious body and was told by the stranger 
that he had been a 'Mormon." Bro. Powell then (old him 
who he w;is, and what he was doing. Arriving at the domicile 
of his new-found friend, p]lder Powell was surprised to hear 
the man greet his wife with the words, "Wife, here is the 
Elder you dreamed was coming here." 

These people treated the Elder very kindly and took him 
some distance upon his journey. The dog, above mentioned, 
was seen no more and Bro. Powell could not discover from 
where he came or where he went. 

The Elder very correctly, ascribed the favorable termination 
of his experience to Divine interpo.sition. 




m 



CrTJ"V"E3^IIL.E] in^STiK/TJOTOI?/, 



143 




THE SEVEN AGES OF WOMAN. 



BY J. H. W. 




INFANCY. 

First soft and helpless, innocent and mild, 
Smiles in her nurse's arms the female child; 
Fresh from her Maker's hands, all pure and fair, 
Unstained by sin, unrutHed yet by care; 
A stranger in this world of ceaseless strife, 
Lovely and passionless her dawn of life, 

CHILDHOOD. 

Next see her seated at her mother's feet. 
With eyes upraised, the glance of love to meet. 
Speech partially unlocked, in silvery tone 
She now essays to make her wishes known. 
Now to explain her doubtful meaning tries 
With mingled eloquence of lips and eyes. 
Here the first sorrows of the child begin — 
The slumbering passions waken from within; 
Each in its turn its growing strength reveals. 
Anger, and love, and grief she keenly feels. 
She too will be mamma, and lull to rest 
The mimic baby on her infant breast; 
She too will dress, will cherish and sustain. 
And guard her darling from distress and pain. 
"While plain to all, yet to herself unknown, 
The future mother in each act is shown. 
With graver look and melnachol3' air 
She cons her lessons with reluctant care. 
The book, the pen, the needle, all engage 
The cares and troubles of the second stage. 

MAIDENHOOD. 

A third advances — plays and tasks are past. 
And life's sweet summer brightly dawns at last; 
Spring's lovely buds expand to lairest flowers. 
And hope's enchantment gilds the sunny hours. 
And, blind to all its shoals, and storms, and strife. 
She enters on the treacherous waves of life. 
Ah! sweet, confiding season! o'er your bloom 
Why should the blight of sorrow cast a gloom! 
The lulse will mock, the wicked treat with scorn 
The noblest virtues which that life adorn; 
The crowd shall mark with cold, invidious gaze. 
And those will trample who should help to raise. 
Till from the freezing glance of heartless pride 
Its fair endowment's slighted worth will hide; 
Or bitterer far, perchance is doomed to prove 
The venoraed shafts of unrequited love. 
At first her gentle heart by slow degrees 
Listens to love's appeal — the fields, the trees. 
All nature seems in loveliest aspects dressed. 
Is there a purer bliss we mortals claim 
Than lovers' walk in the calm vesper time? 
O, happy hours! when free from carking care, 
Eden returns to bless the young and fair. 
She loves the moonlight and the evening hour. 
The river's margin and the forest bower; 
There wrapt in musing she delights to stray 
And nurse the dream that o'er her soul has sway. 
Sometimes 'tis hers, by struggling pangs oppress' d 
To hide the thorns that rankle in her breast. 
With dying hopes to combat thronging fears. 
And find a sad relief in gushing tears 
This cannot last, and time with noiseless wings 
Sweeps o'er her bosom and allays its stings. 
And other hopes and calmer feelings brings. 

WIFEHOOD. 

Thus pass the first three stages of her life; 
A fourth succeeds and sees iier now a wife; 
Yet not perchance of him who taught her heart 
Its earliest love, or caused its keenest smart. 
Forgetful of the wrong that has been given. 
When hap))ily wed she makes of home a heaven. 
Man's nurse in sickness and his joy in health, 
His aid in poverty, his pride in wealth. 
Her heart the solace when his wounded mind 
Flies for relief and finds it ever kind: 
Where, when all fail him, he cun still confide, 
Its faith, like gold, more pure the more 'tis tried. 
Though storms without on every side increase. 
They cannot wreck the houui of love and peace 
Which on the rock of duty firmly stands. 
While strife and folly perish on the sands. 



MOTHEKHOOD. 

But now a period still more blest shall come. 

And crown with joy the calm delights of home; 

The sweetest era of the female life. 

Which makes a mother of the happy wife; 

And adds new strength unto that holy tie 

For human happiness ordained on high. 

As round their board the olive branches spring. 

And love's dear claimants on their parents cling. 

The mother sees beneath her anxious eyes 

Her lovely hopes in fair succession rise. 

The youngest, cradled on her fostering breast, 

Smiles its delights, and softly sinks to rest; 

Another darling with bewitching grace. 

Hides in the slumber's robe his cherub-face, 

As archly wanton, full of infant glee. 

He laughs aloud, and peeps mamma to see. 

A third, more active, boldly climbs her chair 

And pleads his right each fond caress to share; 

While a fair girl, who hangs upon her arm, 

Kich in each playful wile and early charm. 

In lisping tones her earnest wish has told: 

That on her lap the baby she may hold. 

The happy mother on her infant train 

Gazes with transport which amounts to pain; 

A smile of rapture on her lip appears, 

But her soft eyes o'erflow with tender tears^ 

Tears which e'en watching angels might approve. 

The holy weepings of maternal love. 

WIDOWHOOD. 

Blest in her duties, calmly glide away 
The busy hours of life's meridian day. 
Till time, advancing o'er the dial, flings 
A darker shade, and that sad epoch brings 
That mournful stage of comfortless distress 
Which sees her now in widowed loneliness. 
Consumed with sorrow and oppressed with care. 
Only by faith she sees a lot more fair; 
Only, as her glance on her children falls. 
Living for them she earthly hopes recalls 
From mingled feelings, tears her eyes o'erflow, 
Blending the mother's love, the widow's woe. 
Her toils and cares for them, that interest dear. 
E'en robs of bitterness the falling tear; 
'Mid trials she is strengthened, and her mind 
Bows to the will ot heaven, calmly resigned. 

OLD AGE. 

Slowly but sure life's sands declining flow 

In ceaseless course what now remains to show 

Of woman s days, when all has passed away 

That charmed the young, the thoughtless and the gay. 

And the fair fabric totters in deciy; 

When youth, and health, and strength, and beauty's beam 

Appear tike traces of some distant dream. 

Of which remembrance almost seems to fade. 

E'en from herself, who fondly once surveyed 

The bright possessions, and, in raptured tone. 

Exclaimed exulting, "These are all my own." 

Now reft of all — faint, feeble, pressed with age. 

We mark the feelings in the last great stage; 

The feverish hopes, the fears, the cares of life 

No more oppress her with their torturing strife; 

The restless tumults of her heart, to-day 

Have passed with beauty and with youth away; 

She, like some traveler who beholds the sun 

Sinking before him e're his journey's done, 

Eegrets not now to lose its noontide power. 

But hails the coolness of the coming hour. 

And feels a holy and divine repose 

Kest on her spirit in lile's evening's close 

She in her children's children tastes again 

Maternal pleasure and maternal pain; 

To them imparts the knowledge years have given. 

And points their hopes to soar with hers to heaven. 

Although her eyes are dim in age's night,^ 

Yet still more brightly burns the inward light, 

Guiding her spirit by its sacred ray. 

To cast its mortal thralls and cares away, 

And wait its summons to eternal day. 



One may be betrayed into doing things by a combination 
of other circumstances which one may never have done other- 
wise. 





144: 



CTTJ^Hil^ILE II^STI^TJOTOK.. 




ENIGMA. 



BY BIllDLKR. 



My whole, in letters, numbers just the same 

As number Daniel's kingdoms known to fame: 

My first is in error, but not in wrong. 

In which grew my whole till defiant and strong; 

My second's in law but not in equity — 

Not often now one — the more is the pity; 

My third's in Iscariot, and likewise in traitor, 

And both these terms fit my whole to a letter; 

My fourth is in Utah, but not in Kentucky, 

And neither desireth my whole — how unlucky! 

My fifth is in marshal!, who, false to his trust, 

To Washington goeth, where answer he must; 

My sixth is in you, but not in me, 

As even a blind man might clearly see; 

My seventh's in ruler, but not in despot; 

My whole is the last, not the former, I wot! 

My eighth is in rumor, but not in dispatch — 

The first helped my whole much mischief to hatch; 

My ninth is in arrogance, but not in pride; 

My whole in the first of this couple doth bide; 

My tenth's in humility, not in conceit — 

The first bringeth honor, the second defeat. 
A thing of beauty, boastingly, some my whole declare; 
But "pretty is as pretty does," though quaint, 's a maxim rare. 
Though lacking poets' grace my riddle comes to you, 
'Tis none the less prophetic, and the picture true. 
Would, for the honor of our nation's name. 
That it would not my whole as its delegate claim. 
The star, whose ray my whole would hide, shall rise: 
The union shall claim it as a glorious prize; 
While it shall guide, like Bethlehem's star. 
Our ship of state from scenes of war. 
Anarchy, misrule and dreaded despair 
To higher plane, and purer atmosphere. 
Then if my whole desires a name and place 
Among the nations, then that very race 
That meekly bore neglect and ills full .sore 
Must speak the word that will my whole restore. 
My riddle please unriddle now my friend. 
For thus doth my rhyming and my riddling end; 
But your pardon I crave for writing a name 
So unfit to speak, so unworthy of fame! 



UTAH'S FUTURE OLORY. 



HV H. .1. BKKR. 



All hail I all hail! bright occidental etar, 
Shed forth thy glorious rays both near and far; 
The clouds will break that hide thee now from sight. 
Revealing to the world thy radiant light. 

Fear not, fair star, ere long thy place shall be 
The foremost in Columbia's galaxy: 
In glory thou wilt soon begin to shine — 
Thy power the world will own to be divine. 

The nation, soon, from which thou had thy birth, 
Will pay thee homage and proclaim thy worth; 
In 3»ngs divine the nations soon will sing, 
While loud hosannas through the mountains ring, 

In praise to Him who rules in courts on high, 
Whose peaceful reign on earth is drawing nigh. 
Then haste the day when freedom's banner waves 
O'er all her foes then sleeping in their graves. 



EARTH'S CREATURES. 



FLEAS. 



'T^HIS is the beginning of a series of anecdotes and illustra- 
-^ tioDS of animal intelligence. I shall try to make them 
as interesting and simple as possible, that my young Juveniles 
may easily understand and get the full meaning. From each 
illustration a lesson maybe taken; and we may learn that 
God has not forgotten the least of. His creations, but endowed 
each with a degree of intelligence. Above all He has placed 
man, and it is marvelous to what degree of perfection the 
intelligence of man may attain. Some of the anecdotes 
related of this being, man, are almost incredulous^that is, 
scarcely to be believed. But I do not design to speak about 
him yet, but take first the lower and lesser of God's works. 
We will begin with the flea. 

We perhaps all know the flea as a torment to man. These 
little animals can jump more than one hundred times their 
own length. They also are very strong. It is related of one 
flea that it was cliained to a small cannon weighing twenty- 
four times as much as the flea, and yet it dragged the cannon 
about. At times the little gun was fired off, but the flea 
seemed not the least frightened by the "roar." It is 
also told of this insect that, at one time, an English workman 
made a little carriage of ivory, with si.x horses, a coachman 
on the box with a dog between his legs, and two gentlemen in 
the carriage. The whole was drawn by one flea. This much 
to illustrate the strength of this animal. 

While I was in Germany a short time ago, I saw a fair. 
At such fairs as the one I .saw all manner of things are per- 
formed and exhibited. In one of the booths was to be seen 
some fleas at work. There some were trained to draw a little 
coach, others to march, some wheeled barrows and did other 
things they had been trained to do, showing that even this 
almost.insignificant creature has an intelligence which may be 
cultivated. 

Now, a few words about the habits of the flea. As is 
known, fleas harbor amid dust, in the chinks of the floor in any 
place where it is warm and cozy. The mother flea seeks the 
food for her little ones, and pours the blood witfi which she 
has filled herself into their mouths. Thus the drop of blood 
she takes from us is nourishment for her young. 

In our next chapter we will, perhaps, consider the spider. 

Uni'le Zeph. 



If you will follow this rule you will save yourself many a 
heartache: "Never bite till you find out whether it is bread 
or stone." 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIITEENTH OF EVERT MONTH. 



OEORQK 4. CANNON, 



KDITOR 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 
(3ffice, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




