
VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 15, 1875. 



NO. 10, 



STOI?.IES JLBOUT TJT.A.I3: 



OppoRruNELY, about the time of the completion of the 
Utah Central Railway, in 1870, a very valuable collection 
of wild animals of this Territoi-y had been made by Mr. John 
W. Young, which was exhibited to the admiration and delight 
of thousands who visited this city. From that time additions 
have been constantly made to this collection, consisting of 
specimens representing most of the more important animals, 
with a considerable portion of the vegetable iind mineral 
creation of this region. To these the writer has had constant 
access in his position as custodian of the Deseret Museum; 
and naturally a large amount of information has accumulated 
respecting our native 
beasts and birds, re; - 
tiles, fishes, insects and 
other things natural tn 
this Territory. This it 
is designed to place be- 
fore the readers of the 
Juvenile Instructor, 
that the young, for whom 
- this information is espec- 
ially intended, may be- 
come more perfectly ac- 
quainted with our sur- 
roundings in our moun- 
tains and valleys, our 
lakes, creeks and rivers 
— as far as possible in 
everything that is ind'- 
gcnous to this section of 
country. And, as some 
of our young readers 
may not be informed of 
the meaning of such 
scientific terms as may 




-^^i^a.^ 



■SUE PUAIRIE WOLF, ou coYoTE. [Caius Lutravs.- S\Y.) 




necessarily have to be used to make the information intelligible 
to'the general reader, a full explanation will be given either 
in the text or in the foot-notes that will be appended. 

It is the intention of the publisher to illustrate from time 
to time the Fauna and Flora of our moimtain home,* as far as 
may be practicable, so that at the same time that the know- 
ledge of our youth is increa.sing by the representation o/ 
foreign animals and flowers, an enlarged acquaintance may b ; 
made with our own. And while by these means a knowledge 

Aiuiiiiils and l'"lu\vi.Tb Uu.t jll- iudigcnouH or native to this country. 



of the animal and vegetable kingdoms is imparted, the mineral 
kingdom, which is at the present time attracting so much 
attention, will not be unrepresented, nor will the facts con- 
stantly being brought to light respecting the past history of 
this country be forgotten. 

The field of observation before us is indeed a wide one; the 
objects are so numerous, attractive and diversified that it is 
difficult to tell where to begin our "Stories About Utah." 
But, as a large number of our Rocky Mountain animals are 
now on exhibition at the Zoological Gardens at Fairmount, 
near Philadelphia, many of which are from this Territory 

and are now engaging 
public attention — more 
especially as they will 
be a feature of uni- 
versal interest at the 
approaching Centennial, 
where many of our read- 
ers may be present, no- 
tice will first be taken of 
such of our native ani- 
mals as will there be 
exhibited. 

The animal kingdom 
is arranged into four 
grand divisions by sci- 
entists, for convenience 
in referring to them. 

The first division con- 
sists of Vertebrates, 
the highest order of ani- 
mals, which are either 
mammals, such animals 
as suckle their young; 
birds, warm-blooded an,J 
air-breathing; reptiles, cold-blooded and air-breathing; or 
fishes, which are cold-blooded and breathe by gills. 

The second division consists of AliTirrL.vi'ES, as insects, 
crustaceans, etc. 

The third division are Moli-ISKS, as oysters, clams, snails. 
The fourth division are Radiates, or star-shaped beings, 
as star fish, echinoids, polyjis. 

Mammals may be "quadrumana," or four-handed, as the 
monkey; or "carnivores" (that is flesh-eaters, as wild lieast; 
which may be "digitijrade" (creatures that walk on their toes 





no 



Cr TJ ^ E IN" I L E IltTSTI^TJOTOI^, 




without the heel t-uching the ground), as the lion, tiger, 
wolf, dog, cat and weasel; "plantigrade" (or those in which the 
palm of the hind foot touches the ground in walking), as the 
bear and badger; "pinnigrade" (having pinion-like organs to 
move by, as fins), such as seals, sea-lions and walrus; "herbiv- 
ores" (or plant-eating), as the ruminants (animals which chew 
the cud), such as the cow, sheep, antelope and camel; or 
"omnivores," such animals as Ijveon animal or vegetable food, 
as the hog. 

By referring to the foregoing, such animals as will first be 
noticed in these "stories" may be assigned to their proper 
position among mammals. 

The Prairio Wolf represented in the picture on the first 
page, as will be seen by consulting the brief classification given, 
belongs to the highest division of the animal kingdom, 
that of the vertebrates. He is classed among the mammals, 
and belongs to the carnivores. He is also classed with the 
digitigrades, that is, walking on the toes without the heel 
touching the ground. 

Although this quadruped is classed among the more noble 
animals, he is a most ignoble fellow. Not that he is imperfect 
in the sphere in which he moves, but compared with some 
other animals he appears to be inferior in those qualities we 
admire. For instance, he is a great coward, and will slink 
back into a corner at the mere apprehen.sion of danger. But, 
be on your guard, he is only watching for an opportunity; he 
IS as "sly as a fox," but not half so daring; let him only get 
' 'half a chance, ' ' and he will snap at you with as much audacity 
as a lion; and then he will instantly retreat as if he was 
ashamed of himself or "scared" at his own daring. 

There is a "hang-dog" look about Mr. Coyote, as this animal 
is called, in which repect he very much resembles some of 
the Indian dogs, which may almost be taken for him. 

As to eating, the Prairie Wolf is by no means particular; all 
the refuse of other carnivorous animals will be devoured with 
unmistakable relish. Notice him when eating, how slyly he 
looks up to see if there is any danger at hand. If he sees 
you watching him he will be so self-denying that he will not 
touch a morsel, but will look wistfully at the food, taking a 
snatch at it if you happen to turn your head. And such 
teeth ! Notice those of a fine dog, and you may get a good 
idea of them. In fact, Cunii means dog. 

Let us imagine ourselves at the camp fire on the prairie: 
lucky for us that we have a fire. Look at tho.se glaring eyes, 
like cats' eyes, staring at you through the intense darkne,-s. 
Listen to the growling, barking, snapping and snarling, as if 
they were taking counsel what to do under the very awkward 
circumstances. They will not pass the fire; you are safe. 
They are a pack of Prairie Wolves, that could tear you to 
Iiieces in an instant. You may see their work in the morning, 
if any foot-sore animal has come in their way, by the bones 
they have left to bleach upon the plains. 

The appetite of this animal is di.sgusting; he will eat the 
most offensive matter; no prairie grave is safe from him. 
We don't like you, Mr. Coyote, if science has placed you 
among the nobler animals; your habits are repulsive and 
sacrilegious. We dare not tell of your dark doings on the 
wild and desolate prairies. J. L. Barfoot. 




It is quite easy to perform our duties when they are pleas- 
ant, and imply no self-sacrifice; the test of principle is to 
perform them with equal readiness when they are onerous and 
disagreeable. 



^U 



It m erica* 



BY O. M. O. 



( Continued. ) 



TEZCUCIANS, TLASCALANS, QUICHES, Etc. 



rPiiE Acolhuans, or Tezcucians, next to the Azt«cs, were the 
J. most distinguished nation of Mexico after the departure 
of the Toltecs. They built the great city of Tezcuco on the 
eastern border of the Mexican lake, which, next to Slexico, 
was the largest and most beautiful city of Anahuac. It con- 
tained three temi)les, each measuring four hundred feet along 
the base of its front. Although the Tezcucians indulged in the 
practice of human sacrifice, they at the same time believed 
in an all-powerful Creator of the universe; and so ardent were 
they in this belief, that they erected a temple which was 
dedicated "to the Unknown God, the Cause of Causes." 

The Tezcucians were in advance of the Aztecs in purely 
intellectual progress. They had the best histories, the best 
poems, the purest dialect and the best system of laws. Their 
laws were founded upon the principles of justice; honesty and 
fair dealing were required by all functionaries; a judge found 
guilty of receiving a bribe was punished with death; suitors 
appeared in person, not by counsel, and each party could be a 
witness in his own beh ilf. The clerk of the court made a 
statement of the case, and an abstract of the testimony and 
proceedings of the trial in writing (hieroglyphical), which 
was preserved by the court. 

Agriculture, above everything else was encouraged hy the 
rulers. Every available spot of ground was cultivated. Nez- 
hualcoyatl, the sovereign who reigned at Tezcuco about the 
middle of the fourteenth century, and who has been called the 
Solomon of the new world, had a fondness for gardening, and 
within his dominions were a number of gardens, floral and 
vegetable, described as being incomparably beautiful. These 
gardens were supplied with aqueducts and filled with fountains, 
fish-ponds and large aviaries, and protected by a wood contain- 
ing thousands of cedars, which still flourished long after the 
conquest. Nor did this king content himself wth gardening 
merely; he erected a magnificent pile of buildings, which 
might serve both as a royal residence and for the public oflfices. 
It measured from east to west three thousand, seven hundred 
feet, and from north to south two thousand, nine hundred and 
thirty feet. It was surrounded by a wall of adobies and 
cement, six feet wide and nine feet high for one half of its 
circumference, and fifteen feet high for the other half. Within 
its enclosure were two courts, one used as the great market- 
place of the city. The interior court was surrounded by the 
council chambers and halls of justice; there were also accommo- 
dations for foreign ambassadors, and a large saloon with 
apartments opening into it for men of .science and poets, who, 
in private pursued their studies or met together under the 
marble porticos to converse. Here also were kept the public 
archives. Adjoining this court were the apartments of the 
king and his family, which was quite numerous, he having by 
his various wives no less than sixty sons and fifty daughters. 
The walls of the palace were encrusted with alabaster and 
richly painted stucco, or hung with gorgeous tapestries of 
cotton and variegated feather work. Accommodations on a 
princely scale were provided for the sovereigns of Mexico and 





J-TJVEILTII-iE I3^STI?.TJCTOI?/. 



113. 





Tlacopan when they visited his court. The building contained 
three hundred apartments, some of them one hundred and 
fifty feet square. The interior of the building wa.s doubtless 
constructed of the rich woods found in the country, which, 
when polished, are remarkable for their brilliancy and varie- 
gated colors. The more solid parts of the structure have 
furnished an inexhaustible quarry for the churches and other 
edifices since erected by the Spaniards on the site of the 
ancient city. We are not informed of the time occupied in 
building this palace, but two hundred thousand workmen 
were employed upon it. Not only were the beautiful gardens 
destroyed, but the palace itself was burned by order of 
Zumaraga, first bishop of Mexico. The Tezcucians excelled 
in poetry. Nezahualcayotl's mind, in his declining years, 
seemed to be absorbed in the contemplation of the future, and 
his immortal destiny, 'i'he following are some ol his thoughts, 
as translated by Galves from the Othomic language: 

"The great, tliR wise the valiant, the beautiful, 

AhisI wliere are they now? 

They are all mingled with the clod; 

And that which has befallen them shall happen us. 

And to them that CDme after us. 

"i'et, let us taUe courage, illustrious nobles and chieftains. 

Let us aspire to Heaven, 

"Where all is eternal, and corruption cannot eome. 

The horrors of the tomb are but the cradle of the sun, 

And the dark shadows of death are brilliant lights of the stars." 

Some of their jwems contain sentiments as sublime and 
eloquent as our most gifted poets. This lament of one of 
their bards is beautiful: 

"Banish care, if there be bounds to pleasure, 
The saddest life must have an end. 
Then weave the chaplet of flowers, and 
Sing the song of praise of the all-powerful God; 
For the glory of this world soon fadeth away." 

The Tlascalans were a branch of the Aztec family. They 
occupied at first the western borders of Lake Tezcuco; about 
the same time the Aztecs settled Mexico. These two nations 
were very hostile towards each other, and kept up bloody 
wars. After defeating the Aztecs in two great battles, they 
emigrated to the valley between the lake and the gulf of 
Mexico, and there built their capital tailed Tlascala, one of 
the most noted cities of Anahuac. They established a repub- 
lican form of government, and maintained their independence 
against the whole power of Montezuma. In regard to civili- 
zation, they were equal with the Mexicans. To protect the 
eastern border of the republic, they constructed a wall of 
stone twenty feet thick and nine feet high, for a distance of 
six miles across the valley; on the western quarter ditches and 
entrenchments were constructed with a degree of mathemat- 
ical skill which showed a high advancement of knowledge in 
military engineering. 

Tlascala meant "the place of bread," and the principal 
products were maize and cochineal. The Tlascalans were not 
only fiirmers, but soldiers, and very courageous and jealous of 
their honor and their liberty, doing into confederacy with 
the Spaniards against their ancient rivals, the Mexicans, they 
were involved in the common ruin after the conquest. 

To the north of Mexico dwelt the Iluaxtecas, and the 
Tarascas dwelt to the north-west. In the arts and civilization 
they were nearly equal to the Aztecs. They were bold, inde- 
pendent and fearless, and never submitted to the Mexican 
powers, though repeated eiforts were made to bring them into 
subjection. 



At the time of the conquest numerous tribes inhabited 
Central America; in fact, it was the old kingdom of Guate- 
mala. Yucatan seems to have been a focal point ot early 
civilization. Within its limits are found some of the most 
splendid ruins of America. At the time of the conquest the 
Quiches, Mayas and Tobascians occupied the country. Tecum- 
Umam was the ruling prince, and the chief citv of the Quiches 
was Utallah, hardly surpa.ssed by Mexico in point of splendor 
and magnitude. It was walled, and had only two ways of 
entrance, one by a causeway, and the other by a flight of steps. 
The refinement of these jieople astonished the Spaniard.?. 
They dwelt in well-constructed houses built of stone, and were 
respectably clothed. Their temples were large and of consid- 
erable architectural taste. They cultivated the ground with 
much care, lived in towns and had a well-regulated system of 
civil government. 

When the Spaniards first invaded the Isthmus of Darien, 
they found it densely peopled with natives, enjoying a degree 
of civilization equal to those of Guatemala. They were sup- 
posed to be of the same race as the Quiches, though divided 
into tribes, and differing in appearance as much as the different 
nations of Mexico from one another. 



GOXJI^TE£'-Y. 



OF 



I.\ one of our large hotels a young man has a very large 
salary as room clerk. He has the faculty of stowing 
people away in all sorts of unmentionable places in his hotel, 
and making the guests feel happy about it. His politeness 
and good humor never run empty. Stout, of the Shoe and 
Leather Bank, is celebrated for his financial success and for 
his inexhaustible good nature. He is never so busy but he 
has a kind word for the humblest. When they are rushing 
things in the bank, Mr. Stout always finds time to say, "Take 
a sjat, I'll be at leisure in a moment.'" A man came into the 
bank the other day and opened an account. "I came here," 
he said, "not simply because I knew my money would be safe 
with you, but because you are always civil. I have been a 

depositor in bank for many years. I went in to-day to see 

the cashier. I knew him when he had no society to boast of, 
and hardly money enough to buy a dinner at a cheap restau- 
rant. I laid my hat on the desk, which I supjiose I had no 
business to do. He waved his hand with an imperious air, 
and said, 'Take this hat oft'.' I removed my hat, when he 
said, 'Now I will hear what you have to say.' 'I've nothing 
to say to you,' I replied. I went to the book-keener, ordered 
my account to be made up, took the bank's check for S4:i,00(), 
and this I wish to deposit." The j)resident and cashier repre- 
sent two styles of business men common in New York. Sauei- 
ness does not bear a high commerial value among the financial 
men of the city. — Chicar/o Commercial. 



The most hideous women in the world are said to live in 
the valley of Spiti, which is a mountain-bound, almost inac- 
cessible place, twelve thousand feet above the level of the sea, 
among the Himalaya. Their features are large and coar,se, 
the expression of their faces is usually a natural grim- 
ace, and they hang rings in their noses. They dress in 
thick tunics and trousers, and their large, heavy boots, 
which come high up above the knees, are often filled around 
their legs with flour for warmth. 





lis 



JTJ'VElsriLE in^STI?.nCTOI^ 





THE B^A^BEs I it; the 

G H. O XJ ID S. 

A TIU'E ^TOiiY. 

SEVKKAL years ago, tlii'i-e suddenly burst updii tlie western 
world a magnifieent stranger fioui foreign parts, "with all 
his traveling glories on." It was the great comet of 1S58, on 
the grand tour of the universe. 

We remember that comet summer, not so much for its great 
astronomical event as for two singular incidents that more 
nearlj' touehea our human .sympathies, which will grovel in 
poor earthly affairs, even within sight of the most augu.st celes- 
tial phenomena. 

One plea.sant Saturday afternoon, during the comet's appear- 
ance, an aeronaut, after a prosperous voyage, descended on a 
farm in the neighborhood of a large n)arket town, in one of 
the western States. He was soon surrounded by a curious 
group of tlie former's family and laborers, all asking eager 
questions about the voyage and the management of the bal- 
loon. That, secured by an anchor and a lope in the liinid of 
the aeronaut, its car being a foot or two above the ground, was 
swaying lazily backward and foiward in the evening air. It 
was a good deal out of wind, and was a sleepy and innocent 
monster in the eyes of the farmer, who, with the owner's per- 
m..s.sion, led it up to his house, where, as he said, he could 
hitch it to his fence. But before he had thus secured it, his 
three children, aged respectively ten, eight and three, begged 
him to lift them "into that big basket," that they might -'sit 
on those pretty red cushions." 

While t e attention of the aeronaut was diverted by more 
curious questioners from a neighboring farm, this ra^rh father 
lifted his darlings, one by one, into the ear. Chubby little 
Johnny proved the "ounce too much" for the xvvA camel, and 
brought him to the ground; and then, unluckily, not the baby 
but the eldest hope of the family, was lifted out. The relief 
was too great for the monster. The volatile creature's spirit 
rose at once, he jerked the halter out of the father's liand, and, 
with a wild bound, mounted into the air. Vain was the aero- 
naut's anchor. It caught for a moment in a fence, but it tore 
away and was off. dangling uselessly after the runaway balloon, 
which .<o swiftly and steadily ro.se that in a ftiVf minutes those 
two little white faces, peering over the edge of the car, grew 
indistinct, and tho.-o piteous cries of "papa!" and "mamma!" 
grew faint and fainter, up in the air. 

When distance anc twilight mists had swallowed up voices 
and faces, and nothing could be seen but the dark cruel shape, 
sailing triumphantly away with its precious booty, like an aerial 
privateer, the poor father .sank down helpless and speechless; 
but the mother, frantic with grief, still stretched her yearning 
arms towards the inexorable heavens, and called wildly into the 
unan.swering void. 

The aeronaut strove to console the wretched parents with 
assurances that tlie balloon would descend within thirty miles 
of the town, and that all might be well with the children, pro- 
vid<'d that it did not come down in water or in deep woods. 
In the event of its descending in a favorable spot, tjiey thouLdit 
that the older child miglit .step out leaving the vounaer in the 
balloon. Then it might again arise and continue its voyage. 

"Ah, no." rciilied the moth 'r, "Jennie would never stir 
from the car without Johnny in her arms." 

The balloon passed directly over the market town, and the 
children, .seeing many people in the streets, stretched out their 
hands and called loudly for help. But the villagers, though 
"-ey .s,iw the bright^little heads, heard no calls. 



Amazed at the strange apjiarition, they might have thought 
the translated little ceatures small angel navigators, on some 
voyage of discovery, some little cheruliic venture of their own, 
as, heading towards the rosy cloud-lands and purple islands of 
sunset splendor, they sailed deeper and deeper into the west, 
and faded away. 

Some company they had, poor little sky-waifs I Something 
comforted them and allayed their wild terrors — something 
whlsjiered that below the night and clouds was home; that 
above was God; that wherever thej' might drift or clash, living 
or dead, they would still be in His domain and under His care 
— that though borne away among the stars they could not be 
lost, for His love would follow them. 

When the sunlight all went away, and the great comet came 
blazing out, little Johnny was apprehensive that the comet 
might come too near their airy craft, and set it on fire with a 
whisk of its dreadful tail. But when his sister assured him 
that the fiery dragon was "as much as twenty miles away," 
and that God wouldn't let him hurt them, he was tranquilized 
but soon afterwards said, "I wish he would come a little nearer 
sj I could warm myself, I'm so cold!" 

Then Jennie took off her apron, and wrapped it about the 
child, saying tenderly, "This is all sister has to make j'ou warm 
darling, but she'll hug you close in her arms, and we will say 
our prayers and you shall go to sleep. ' ' 

"Why, how can I say my pra\ ers before I have my supper?" 
askei little Johnny. 

"Sister hasn't any supper for j'ou or for herself, but we must 
pray all the harder," solemnly responded Jennie. 

So the two baby wanderers, alone in the wide heavens, 
unawed by darkness, immensity and silence, by the presence 
of the great comet and the millions of unpitying stars, lifted 
their little clasped hands, and sobbed out their sorrowful "Our 
Father," and then that quaint little prayer; 

Now I lay me down to sleep, 
I pray the Lord my soul to keep. 
If I should die before I wake, 
I i)ray the Lord my soul to take. 

"There! God heard that, easy; for we are clo-e to Iliin up 
here," said innocent little Johnnj'. 

Doubtless divine love stooped to the little ones and folded 
them in perfect peace — for soon the younger seated on the 
bottom of the car, with his head resting against his sister's 
knee, slept as soundly as though he were lying in his own little 
bed at home, while the elder watched through the long, long 
hours, and the car floated quietly on in the still night air, till 
it began to sway and rock on the fresh morning wind. 

Who can divine that simple little child's thoughts, specula- 
tions, and wild imaginings, while watching through those 
hours? She may have feared coming in collision with a meteor 
— for many were abroad that night, scouts and heralds of the 
great comet — or, perhaps, being cast away on some desolate 
star-island, or more divarj' still, floating on, night and day, till 
they .should both die of cold and hunger. Poor babes in the 
clouds ! 

At length a happy Providence guided the little girl's wan- 
dering hand to a cord connected with the valve; something 
told her to pull it. At once that balloon began to sink, slowly 
and gently, as though some celestial pilot guided it through 
the wild currents of air, not letting it drop into lake or river, 
lofty wood or impenetrable swamp, where this strange, un- 
childlike experience might have been closed by a death of 
unsix'akable horror; but causing it to descend as softly as a 
bird alights, on a spot where human care and ])ity awaited 





J" TJ "V E 2Sr I ILi E I2SrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



113 




The sun had not yet risen, but the morning twilight bad 
come, when the little girl, looking over the edge of the car, 
saw the dear old earth coming nearer — "rising towards them" 
she said. But when the car stopped, to her great disappoint- 
ment it was not on the ground, but caught fast in the topmost 
branches of a tree. Yet she saw they were near a house, 
whence help might soon come, so she awakened her brother 
and told him the good news, and together they watched and 
waited for deliverance, hugging each other for joy and warmth, 
for they were cold. 

Farmer Burton, who lived in a lonely house on the edge of 
his own private prairie, was a famous sleeper in general, but 
on this particular morning ho awoke before the dawn, and 
though he turned and turned again, he couM sleep no more. 
So at last he said to his wife, whom he had kindly awakened 
to inform her of his unaccountable wakefulness, ''It's no use, 
I'll just get up and dress and have a look at the comet." 

The next that worthy woman heard from her wakeful 
spouse was a hasty summons to the outer door. It seems that 
no sooner did he step forth from his house than his e.yes fell 
on a strange portentous shape, lumging on a largo pear tree, 
about twenty yards distant. He could see no likeness in it to 
anything earthly, and he had fancied that it might be the 
comet, who, having put out his light, had come down there to 
perch. In his Iright and perplexity he did what every wise 
man would do in a like extremity: he called upon his valiant 
wife. Reinforced by her, he drew near the tree, cautiously 
reconnoitering. Surely never pear tree bore such fruit. 

Suddenly there descended from the thing a plaintive, trem- 
bling little voice: "Please take us down. We are very cold. " 

Then a seeon.l little voice said: "And hungry, too. Please 
take us down." 

"Why, who are you? And where are you?" 

The first little voice said: "It's us, and we runned away with 
a balloon. Please take us down. " 

Dimly comprehending the situation, the former, getting 
hold of a dangling rope, succeeded in pulling down the bal- 
loon. 

The first lifted out was little Johnny, who ran rapidly a few 
yards toward the house, then turned round, and stood for a few 
moments, curiously surveying the balloon. The faithful Itttle 
sister was so chilled and exhausted that .she had to be carried 
into the house, where, trembling, she told the wonderful story. 

Before sunrise a mounted messenger was dispatched to the 
Harwood home, with glad tidings of great joy. He reached 
it in the afternoon, and a few hours later the children them- 
selves arrived in state, with banners and musi^, and conveyed 
in a covered hay-wagon and four. 

Joy-bells were rung in the neighboring town, and in the 
farmer's brown hou.se, the happiest family on the continent 
thanked Grod that night. 




Complaisance renders a superior amiable, and an inferior 
acceptable. It smooths distinction, sweetens conversation, 
and causes every one in the company to be pleased. It pro- 
duces good nature and mutual benevolence; it encourages the 
timorous, soothes the turbulent, humanizes the fierce, and 
distinguishes a society of civilized persons from a confusion of 
savages. In a word, complaisance is a virtue which blends all 
orders of men in a friendly intercourse of words and actions, 
and is adapted to that equality in human nature which every 
one ought to allow so far as contributes to the order and econ- 
omy of the world. 



"WOOIDEIT SHOES. 



TRAVELERS On the continent of Europe will see in common 
u.se among the peasantry of France and Germany and 
Scandinavia wooden shoes, carved out of blocks of wood. 
They are worn almost everywhere, and if the traveler should 
happen to be in a market town, he would very likely be 
awakened early in the morning from his .sound sleep by sounds 
upon the sidewalk, which ho, unless familiar with them, would 
be hardly able to account for. The sturdy-looking pea.sant 
women, with huge baskets on their heads, at these early hours, 
come tramping and clattering into the town to the market- 
place. They all wear wooden shoes, or, as they are called in 
France, saho/s. The noise is "clap-tap-tap," at regular inter- 
vals, and in (juick succession; and again it will sound: "clap- 
tap-clap-rap-e-trap-rap," coming or going on the paved streets, 
making a noise that would arouse the soundest sleeper. 

Most of our readers have seen these shoes. They are an 
excellent covering for the feet, and, being sold cheap in tho.se 
countries, are universally worn by the poorer classes. But 
they are not manufactured in France, and we doubt whether 
any arc made in Germany; but large numbers of them, prob- 
ably the ijrincipal quantity manufactured, are made in the 
province of Jutland, Penmark. This is the penin.snla that 
juts out between the Baltic, the Little Belt and the Cattogat 
on one side, and the North Sea on the other. In the centre 
of that countr.v runs the little river Gudenaa, and here dwells 
a jieiiple honest, industrious, and said to be exceedingly hospi- 
table, whose main pursuit and source of income is the making 
of wooden shoes. From this place are distributed these shoes 
over nearly all parts of the world where they are worn. There 
are no great manufactories, no black smoke, no machinery and 
no gangs of "hands" to be seen there. Each manufacturer 
sits in his own little cottage, clean and tidy inside, though it 
looks but bumble with its walls of dried clay and its roof of 
the dark-blooming heather. The maker himself and his 
family are the only hands employed. The shoes are carved 
out of square blocks of maple or beech-wood, which is first 
rudely formed with a hatchet into a shape having a faint resem- 
blance to the human foot, and afterwards finished ofi" with a 
rasp or file, and sometimes sand-paper. When finished, these 
shoes are allowed to soak for about a week in one of the 
numerous bog-holes filled with water that abound in that 
vicinity. This treatment improves their toughness and (luality 
and darkens the color. After that they are dried in the open 
air, and finally tied together in pairs, which are again bound 
and strung together in dozens or sometimes in tens and twen- 
ties. When the "manufacturer" has finished a sufficient 
number of pairs, he sends tiiem to the neighboring ports of 
Aarhus, Aalborg or Ilorsens, where they are shipped in small 
sloops to Copenhagen and sometimes direct to Lubeck or Ham- 
burg, by way of Kiel. Sometimes the entire cargo of these 
sloops consists of wooden shoes. At these ports agents from 
France and other countries buy them for the .supplying of their 
markets, and sometimes dealers go to where they are made and 
contract for them. Probably few articles for human use have 
their origin amid less care and trouble than these clumsy and 
uncouth, though lasting and weather-proof, wooden shoes. 



False happiness is like false monej- — it passes for a time 
as well as the true, and serves some ordinary ^occasion, but 
when it is brought to the touch we find the lightness and alloy, 
and feel the loss. 





114 



CrXJ^Sn^rXXjE IILTSTi^TJGTOK.' 





GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


. - . 


- - 


- ET^ITOR. 


SATURDAY, 


MAY 


15, 


1875. 





-EJDXTOJR.xj^iLi ts:otjc3-i3:ts. 

UR last nuiubev eontainoj some editorial 
"thoughts" concerning the training of 
our children in telling the truth. The 
subject is a fruitful one, and it should be 
dwelt upon bj' writers and speakers 
among us until a better understanding is 
arrived at by the masses of the people. 
Under the old system of training, 
children were threatened with beatings 
in this life and a most uncomfortable 
residence in the "bad place" in the next, if 
they "told stories." Their fears were appealed 
to in every way possible. The higher qualities 
of their natures were seldom called into exer- 
cise. This is the .system of training which 
prevails in many places at the present time. Yet 
j^^f%^ children are not fools. They have eyes and ears, 
7 Q^^ and they use them more than grown people seem 
to be generally aware of They soon ])erceive that, in many 
instances, those who train them are guilty of imposture and 
falsehood. They do not keep their word. They borrow, and 
do not return at the time promised, if they can buy an 
article for less than it is worth, or sell another for more than 
it is worth, they do not scruple to do so. If they can find a 
man in a pinch, they do not hesitate to reap all the benefit of 
it. In fiict, they take advantage wherever they can, and the 
child perceives that it is a contest of wits, of shrewdness, and 
often of unscrupulousnes? between those who train them and 
their neighbors. As society is too often organized, children 
see their elders practicing overreaching, cheating, frauds, 
adulteration, false weights and "humbug" to the greatest 
possible extent. They frequently hear it stated that to be 
successful in life, people must resort to "humbug" — that to 
make a succes.sful trader, a man must, at least, conceal some 
things, and, if possible, let the person with whom he is 
trading deceive himself Even among Latter-day Saints we 
have heard men, who thought themselves very fair Elders, 
say, in speaking of trading: 

"When I trade a horse or a wagon or other property, I do 
the selling; the man to whom I sell must judge of its value 
for himself; if there be any faults or defects, he must find 
them out; I do not propose to furnish him eyes. 

Such a method of trading leads to deception. If the man 
who sells does not actually tell lies, he is guilty at lea.st of 
concealment, and suffers the buyer to be deceived. (Jhildren 
are imitative. They learn better by example than by precept. 
When they see such conduct in those who train them, can it 
be wondered that they should deceive and tell lies? If the 
one who gains his point is called successful, without regard to 
the means he uses, why should not a child deem himself 
justified in gaining his ends by recourse to deception and 
falsehood? If those who have children in charge would have 
them truthful, they them.selves must set them the example 
by having a .strict regard for truth. They must be direct. 



unreserved and free from concealments, deceptions and 
evasions. They must not make a promise which they do not 
fulfill, or a statement that cannot be tru.sted. If they threaten 
they must perform. They must not talk ahouf people in a 
different strain from that in which they talk to them. This 
practice is the fruitful source of many evils in society, and 
from witnes,sing it children learn to be untruthful and hypo- 
critical and destitute of moral courage. They become unreliable 
as friends. They are fmooth and nice to people when face to 
face with them; but, behind their backs, they pick them to 
pieces. This is hypocris.y. They may mislead those who do 
not know them, and make them think they are real friends, 
when their professions of good-will are but a sham. They 
become moral cowards, because they say things alont people 
which they would be dreadfully ashamed to say to them. 

In writing thus, we do not wish to be misunderstood. We 
do not think it would be wise for every person to tell every 
other person at all times just what he think.s. Such a course 
would lead to extraordinary results. Doubtless a time will 
come, if not here, certainly in eternity, when our inmost 
thoughts may be expressed without injury; but that is not 
yet. According to our view, however, no true Latter-day 
Saint will ever say anything ahoiit another person, that he 
would not be willing to say fo him. This is a rule all can 
observe, and be perfectly truthful, honest and courageous, 
and yet be under no necessity to tell all their thoughts. 



So much for falsehood. Now let us refer to thieving. How 
many children are there in the world who are made 
thieves by the training of their parents? We venture to say 
thousands. And yet their parents are well-meaning, honest 
people, who are dreadfully grieved over the wrong-doings of 
their offspring. There is one marked feature in God's govern- 
ment. He never gives a law to his children to observe that is 
unsuited to their condition. When his laws and will are right- 
fully interpreted — not as ignorant, sectarian priests construe 
and explain them — they are perfect!}' con.sistent with the 
largest liberty and most unfettered enjoyment. In our sphere, 
and according to our knowledge, we should be willing to be as 
kind to and liberal with our children as God is with us. We 
are but "children of a larger growth" than they. And when 
we have progressed so far as to recognize this truth, and that 
our children have rights as well as we, then we have reached 
a position to understand many things connected with their 
correct government. 

Sin is a transgression of the law. If there were no law 
against theft, there would be no such crime as thieving. If 
the children were taught that what their parents possessed 
was theirs also to enjoy, under proper restrictions, they would 
never think, neither would their parents, that, in taking or 
using it, they were stealing. But what is the practice of 
many parents? They frame a series of laws for their children 
to observe, which, in many instances, it is next to impossible 
for child-nature to keep from violating, and what is the result? 
The children overstep them, and are looked upon as thieves 
by their parents, and feel themselves to be such. The parents 
leave sugar, preserves, fruit, and other articles tempting to 
children's appetites (and, remember, children have not had 
time to learn how to control their appetites) in positions where 
they can get them, but they say to the children: 

"You must not touch that sugar, the preserves, or that 
fruit; for it is very wrong to do so; God has said: 'thou 
shah not steal,' and we hope our little children will not be 
thieves." 





cr-cr-^;^EnNrzi_."JE xintsti^tjctoi^. 



115 





But the children hapijen to be left alone. They have a 
favorable opportunity to taste the sugar, or other forbidden 
things, and the temptation is trebly strong because of the 
freedom from restraint and sense of unrestricted liberty which 
they feel through the absence of their parents. They try 
hard to resist the temptation by tliinking how wi'ong it is to 
steal, and how severely they will get punished if found out; 
but they cannot resist. They eat the .sugar, or whatever it 
may be that tempts them, and then carefully and cunningly 
try to so ai'rangc it that their parents will n':'t discover what 
they have done. Thus they take the first step in stealing. 
The}' have taken that which they were forbidden to take, and 
they feel a guilty consciousness that they are really thieves, 
and have all the torments of conscience that stealing brings; 
and they have resorted to all the practices that a cunning 
thief would adopt to conceal what they have done. They 
await with guilty fear the return of their parents. They have 
dread in locking in their eyes; for the fear of detection is upon 
them; but they are i>rc)iared, if necessary, to add lying to 
what they have already done — to deny strongly, and with the 
best appearance of innocence they can assume, all knowledge 
of the missing articles. Is there any torment of conscience, 
any sensation of dread, any fear of di.scovery, that a practiced 
thief has that they do not have? Certainly not; for they feel 
their first transgression more keenly and .sensitively than they 
will any subsequent one. But now they have tasted of crime 
— at least they feel it to be such — for the first time. If suc- 
cessful in evading the jenalty at that time, they take one step 
after another until they become hardened and care nothing for 
con.science or its monitions. And yet parents, who take such 
a cour.se with their children, cannot under.stanl why their 
boys and girls should have such inclination,". 

Mark what we say: we do not favor the giving up of the 
government of children; and we think it wrong to leave them 
without restraint. But we believe in giving them a large 
degree of liberty, and in enacting as few laws as possible for 
their government. When children are trained to understand 
that they have only to ask for what they want that is good for 
them, and they can get it, if their parents have it, they will 
rarely take it without asking. Children have a keen sense of 
honor. That can always be appealed to with advantage. We 
heard of an instance that occurred last summer which illus- 
trates our views of dealing with children. The family to 
which we refer had several boys belonging to it. It also had 
a garden. While the fruit in the garden was yet green, some 
of the neighboring boys came over and joined these boys in 
picking, eating and wasting a portion of it. The father, when 
he saw what had been done, was vexed, not to say angry; but 
he controled himself He called his sons out and pointed out 
to them what had been done. 

"Now, boys," said he, "this is our fruit, yours as well as 
mine. I have raised it for you to eat as well as your mothers 
and myself But you have allowed other boys to come here, 
and you and they have eaten and wasted our truit. Is this 
fair? When this fruit becomes ripe, you would like to, eat 
some of it, would you not? But how, in common fairness, 
should you expect to get any then, if you eat your share now 
while it is green? If boys come here and ask you to join them 
in eating the fruit, 3'ou should decline, and not suffer them to eat 
it, because it would be mean for you and them to take a .share 
now, and then you expect any afterwards. But if you must 
have the fruit before it gets ripe, and cannot wait any longer for 
it, then let me know, and we will divide it, and you can take 
your share, or we will take all there is and eat it up at once." 



The boys felt very much ashimed ot what they had done. 
They saw that it was wrong. They would not have their 
father think them mean, and when he ajipealed to their sense 
of fairness and Imnor, he touched a higher and more powerful 
motive than fear. With the views their father impressed upon 
them, those cliildr ii have now an interest in the garden that 
they could not have had if they ha;l been treated as thieves. 

Be kind and lenient with the children. The Lord gives us 
an example in this respect we should not forget. He does not 
condemn them for their actions until they arrive at the age of 
accountability. Until they ire eight years of age, they are 
held as innocent and as not capable of sin. And yet, under 
the false teachings of many, little children are threatened with 
the torments of the damned, and many ignorant parents 
would have them believe they are the worst of sinners. Lat- 
ter-day Saints should take broader views in the training of 
th^ir children, and besides teaching them confidence in God, 
endeavor to f ister proper confidence in themselves, so that 
they may not feel in the iiresenee of their lellow-creatures 
that thev are suiltv criminals. 



^» *'^*' *^ 



th::e GOi?vivroi?.^iTT. 



THE common Cormorant is well known for its voracious 
h-)bit-; Its capacities of digestion having long since become 

proverbial. This 
Hrd is common on 
all our coasts, where 
it may be seen sit- 
ting on some pro- 
jecting ledge, or 
diving and swim- 
ming with great 
agility, and ever 
and anon returning 
to its resting-place 
on the rock. It is 
an admirable swim- 
mer and a good 
diver, and chases 
fish with equal per- 
severance and suc- 
cess, both qualities 
being nece-^.siry to satisfv the wants of his ever-craving maw. 
Eels are favoiite morsel-; with the cormorant, which, if the 
eel should be smnll, swallows it alive, in spite of the writh- 
ings and strnggiinu- of its victim, and the many retrogres- 
sions which it will make from the interior of its devourcr, 
until itis finally accumulated and digested, the latter being a 
process of wonderful celerity. If the eel is rather large and 
powerful, the cormorant batters it against some hard substance 
and then swallows it easily. 

Mr. Fcntune gives a ludicrous narrative of a number of tame 
cormorants and their behavior'at feeding-time, how they were 
supplied with eels, how they swallowed them as fast as possi- 
ble, how, after all had diai>peared, one of the swallowed eels 
returned into the air, and was immediately fought for by the 
birds, greatly to the discomfiture of the individual whose 
property it had been, and how he tried to reimburse himself 
by means of a siujilar mishap on the part of some of his 
companions. 




He who affeots u.seless singularity has a trifling mind. 





116 



a'TJVEXsri:_jE IlsrSTI2.T7CTO:Ee/ 




mutHihn^ ant! ^nsuter^ 

OIT THIE BIBLE. 



FIRST BOOK OF SAMUEL. 



LESSON LXXXVIII. 

Q. — What d-d they ask the lords of the Philistines to do? 

A. — To send the ark back to its own place. 

Q.^Why were they so urgent? 

A. — Because there was a deadly destruction throughout all the 
city. 

Q. — How long did the ark of the Lord remain in tlie country 
of tlie Philistines? 

A. — Seven months. 

Q.— Whom did the Philistines then call? 

A. — The priests and the diviners. 

O. — Why did they call them? 

A. — To know wliat should be done with the ark. 

Q.- -What did they say to the Philistines? 

A. — "If we send away the ark of the God of Israel, send it not 
empty but in anywise return him a trespa.ss offering." 

Q.— How did the Pnilistines follow the Instructions of the 
priests and the diviners? 

A.— They put the jewels of gold for a trespass offering in a 
coffer by the side of the ark and sent it away. 

Q.— Where did the cart upon which was placed the ark and 
which was drawn by two milch kme come to? 

A.— Into the field of Joshua, a Beth-shemite. ■ 

Q.— What stood in that field? 

A. — A great stone. 

Q.— What was placed on that stone? 

A —"The ark of the Lord and the coffer that was with it, 
wherein the jewels of gold were." 

Q. — Who put them on the stone? 

A. — The Levites. 

Q.— What was this stone called? 

A.— The great stone of Abel. 

Q.— What did the men of Beth-shemesh do? 

A.— They offered burnt offerings and sacrifices unto the Lord 
the same daj-. 

Q.— How many of the lords of the Philistines were there' 

A.— Five. 

Q.— When they saw the sacrifices what did tliey do? 

A.— They returned to Ekron the same day. 

Q.— Wliat did the men of Beth-shemesh do that displeased the 
Lord? 

A.— They broke into the ark of the Lord. 

Q.— How did he punish them? 

A.— "He smote of the people fifty thousand and threescore and 
ten men." 

0.— What did the men of Beth-shemesh do after this? 

A.— They sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kirjath-jearim." 
Q.— What did they say? 

A.— "The Philistines have brought again the ark of the Lord; 
come ye dowrj, and fetch it up to you." 

Q.— Wliere did the men of Kirjath-jearim take the ark of the 
Lord? - . 

A.— Into the house of Abinad^b. 

Q.— Who was sanctified to keep the ark of the Lord? 

A. — Eleazar his son. 

Q.— How long did the ark abide in Kirjath-jearim? 

A.— Twenty years. 

Q-— What did all the house of Israel do? 

A.— They lamented after the Lord. 

Q.— What did Samuel tell them to do, if they truly desired to 
return unto the Lord? 

A.— To put away all strange gods, and thus prepare their hearts 

serve the Lord .only. 




«esti0ns and ^nsirers 

OIT THE 
BOOIC OF nyE O 1?. l/T O IT . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXXVIII. 

Q.— When Amalickiah obtained the kinerdom what did he 
begin to do? 

A. — Ho began to stir up the Lamanites in anger against the. 
Nephites. 

Q. — What was his object in this? 

A.— He wanted to bring the Nephites into bondage. 

Q.— Did he succeed in his plan? 

A.— Yes; he raised a large army to accomplish his purpoaea. 

Q. — Whom did he appoint as chief captains? 

A. — Men from the Zoramites. 

Q.— Why was this? 

A. — They were better informed concerning the strong and weak 
places of the Nephites. 

Q. — In wnat year were these t'lings done? 

A. — In the latter part of the nineteenth year of the reign of the 
judges. 

Q. — When Amalickiah had his army prepared what did he do? 

A. — He moved it into the wilderness towards the land of Zara- 
homla. 

Q. — While he was engaged in making these preparations what 
did Moroni do? 

A.— He fortified all the cities, and made the weak places the 
strongest. 

Q.— On what day were the Lamanites seen to approach the 
Nephites? 

A.— On the tenth day of the eleventh month in the uinet.-enth 
year of the judges' reign. 

Q.— What city did they attack first? 

A. — Ammonihah. 

Q. — What can you say concerning this city? 

A.— It had been re-built, and there was a w.all of dirt built all 
around it. 

Q. — Why and by whom was it destroyed, before it was 
re-built? 

A. — The Lamanites destroj'ed it because of the iniquity of the 
people. 

Q. — How did the troops of Amalickiah feel when approaching 
the city? 

A. — Having destroyed it once, thej' supposed it would again 
fall an easy prey to them. 

Q. — What were their feelings when they saw the city fortified? 

A. — They were much disappointed, but were surprised at the 
wisdom of the Nephites. 

Q. — How were the warriors of Amalickiah armed? 

A. — They fought with slings and bows; and shields, breastplates 
and clothing of skins protected their bodies. 

Q. — Did Amalickiah accompany his army on this expedition? 

A. — No, he remained in the land of Nephi. 

Q. — As he did not care for the blood of his people, what would 
he probably have done, had he been there? 

A. — rHe would likely have caused his army to attack the eity, 
fortified as it was. 

Q. — But what did his chief captains think best to do under the 
circumstances? 

A. — Fearing to attack the city they decided to retreat and go 
to the land of Noah. 

Q.— Why did they go to that land? 

A. — Because it was formerly a very weak place, and they hoped 
to destroy the people. 

Q. — What did the captains do before reaching the land? 

A. — They swore that they would destroy the people and city of 
Noah. 





TTJ^El^ILE! IIDTSTI^TJOTOI^ 



117 




TIC3-E1K. STOK."3r, 




EARLY one morning four men, one of them aocompanied by 
his son, left their homes to spend the day in a grove not 
far from the mouth of the river Ganges. The boat in which 
the ])arty embarked was a rude one. The deck was covered 
with bamboo poles, pushed closely together, and fostened to 
the sides of the boat. 

The morning was fresh and cool when the little party entered 
the boat, but the fierce Indian ,?un soon flushed each cheek 
and heated each brain, so that all felt glad when their des- 
tination was reached. Turning the little boat toward the 
shore, they soon made it fast. The boy not caring to take 
such a long walk as his elders, asked to be allowed to remain 
in the boat, while his father and his friends went into the 
forest in search of ^vild honey. 

The boat was left in a sheltered situation; and the roof, 
thatched with a long, coarse grass, shut out the sun from 
overhead, while the sides exposed, admitted the air, and left 
the boy free to gaze on the scene about him. Throwing him- 
self on the bottom of the boat, he busied himself for a time 
watching the dimpling water, and observing with interest the 
reflection of the fleecy clouds as they diifted lazily across the 
sky. Weary of this, he sang snatches of songs he had learned. 
Then he peered into the distance to .sec if he could catch a 
glimpse of the returning party. ]>isapiiointed in this, he 
again threw himself down, and thought with pleasure of the 
rich stores with which the absent ones would .soon come 
laden. 

Suddenly he pau.sed, and seemed to hold his very breath 
suspended. After listening a moment, he raised him.self 
cautiously and looked about him. (xrcat was his terror when 
he saw crouched on the ground and fi.xod for a spring, a large 
tiger, with eyes glaring like coals of fire. Perilous as was his 
situation, his presence of mind did not forsake him. He was 
lying near the portion left uncovered at one end of the boat, 
and with one spring he bounded out of sight. Just as the boy 
disappeared, the tiger sprang upon the deck; and with sitch 
force that one of the bamboo pole.s of which the floor was 
composed was displaced, and one of the animal's fore paws 
slipped beneath and he was unable to disengage it. 

With great presence of mind the boy seized it, and held it 
firmly with one hand, while with the other he grasped a coil 
of rope lying near him, and with this secured as firmly as he 
could the intruding limb, feeling that upon his .success in this 
depended his only hope of safety. 

The fierce creature above him plunged ami turned in his 
efforts to extricate himself, but in vain. The boy felt his 
strength failing, but every savage, sullen growl, nerved him 
with new strength. The moments .seemed like hours. Would 
his friends never return! They came at length, and emerging 
from the wood, espied the boat safely moored, but as they 
approached nearer, the fitther, who was in advance, suddenly 
paused and turning to his companions, a face white with 
horror, gasped out, "My child is killed! A great tiger is lying 
upon the deck, and my boy is not to be .seen! " 

The men had with them no firearms; but each one carried a 
heavy club. They .stood a moment irresolute, and at that 
instant the tiger lifted his head, shook himself, uttered a deep 
growl, made one more frantic effort to extricate himself and 
was free. 

He turned toward his new enemies and leaped from the boat, 
but the water had receded and left a deep mire, into which the 
tiger sank as he sprang with great force from the boat. The 



more frantic his efforts to escape, the deeper he sank in the 
treacherous mire. 

And now the men sprang forward. The foremost dealt him 
a heavy blow; another followed. Blow quickly succeeded 
blow, until the enemy was vanquished. Then the father, seek- 
ing his son, found that no evil had belallen him, though in so 
great peril. 

Moral: no matter what happens, never lose your nresence of 
mind. 



^^,»-."<^*- I > i 



STIOIC TO YOTJE. BXJSia:. 



ARirn man, in answer to the question how he became so 
verj' successful, recited the following story. 

I will tell you how it was. One day when I was a lad, a 
party of young girls and boys were going to pick black-berries. 
I wanted to go with them, but was afraid father would not 
let mc. When I told him what was going on, and he at once 
gave mc peruiission to go with them, I could hardly contain 
my.<elf I rushed into the kitchen, got a big basket, and 
asked mother for a luncheon. I had the basket on my arm, 
when my father called me back. He took my hand and said 
in a very gentle voice; 

'"Joseph, what are you going to do'''' 

'To pick berries," I replied. 

''Then, Joseph, I want to tell you one thing. It is this: 
When you find a pretty good bush do not leave it to seek a 
better one. The other bo- s and girls will run about, picking 
a little here and a little there, wasting a great deal of time 
and getting few berries " 

I went :.ind had a capital time. But it was just as my father 
said. No sooner had one found a good bush than he called 
all the rest, and they left their several places and lan off to 
the newly-found treasure. Not content more than a minute 
or two in one place, they randiled all over the whole pasture, 
got very tired, and at night had very few berries. My father's 
words kept ringing in my ears, and I "stuck to my bush." 
When I had done with one I found another, and finished that; 
then I took another. When night came I had a large basket 
full of berries, more than all the others put together, and was 
not half so tired as they were. I went home very liapiiy. But 
when I entered I found that my hither had been taken ill. 
He looked at my basket full of ripe blackberries and .said: 

"Well done, Joseph. Was L not right when I told you 
to always stick to your bush?" 

He died in a few days after, and I had to make my way in 
the world as best I could. But my father's words sank deep 
into my mind, and I never forgot the experience of the black- 
berry partj-; I "stuck to my bu.«h." When I had a fair place 
and was doing tolerably well, I did not leave it and spend 
weeks and months seeking one a little better. AVhen other 
young men said: "Come with us, and we will make our fortune 
in a few weeks," I shook my head, and "stuck to my bush." 
Presently my employers offered to take me into business with 
them. I stayed with the old house until the principals died, 
and then I had everything I wanted. The habit of sticking 
to my business led people to trust me, and gave me a character. 
I owe all I have and am to this motto: "Stick to your bush." 



It costs us more to be miserable than would make us jier- 
fectly happy; how cheap and ea.sy is the service of virtue! how 
expensive is vice! 





TT-\rEIsriLE IIsrSTK/TJOTOK; 



IPOOI^ LITTLE SAT^EEIPS- 



our 
i 




llfiiEN a boy we have often passed a narrow strip of garden 
\ y in the west end of London, where a noble hidy used on 
the first day of each i\Iay to give a good dinner to the chimney 
sweep boys of that city. We were told that the reason why 
she did this was, that she had a son who was stolen from her 
when he was a very little boy, and was by cruel masters com- 
pelled to climb up sooty chimneys to sweep them out. One 
day he was sent to clean a chimney in his mother'sgrand house 
and .she by some good fortune recognized her boy. In remem- 
brance of this happy event she used to give the sweeps a din- 
ner in her erounds once every yo:i". 

M.my years ago a law was enact.-, 1 in England to put a stop 
to this cruel practice of sweeping chimneys by making little 
children climb up them. But why not u^e a machine some of 

ittle readers may ask? Beeau.sc some of the old houses 

n England have high chimneys with very crooked flues and 
machinery could not be u.scd to such advantage as climbing 
boys. But it were far better to re-model the houses than kill 
the children, yet it has been lately proved that notwithstanding 
the act of Parliament these I'oor little sweeps are still used. 

The conviction of a master sweep in Liverpool, fur employing 
a young boy to climb a chimney for ths purpose of .sweeping 
in the Town Hall has had the salutary efiect of drawing public 
attentiim to a system of the most bo i-barous torture of helpless 
children that has ever come to light. And so the Earl of 
Shai'tsbury in the British House of Lords has told aliarrowing 
story of suffering and of cruelty that few peoiile in Christian 
England had the least idea exi.~ted witltin its borders. This has 
resulted in the p?.ssage of another bill which it is hoped will 
have the desired effect of putting a stop to this vile practice. 
A few years ago evidence was^given b3f)re a pariiam^ntary 
committee by master .sweeps and others from which it appeared 
that infants of four, five, and six years have been employed 
in climbing, six years, as one master sai<l, being a ''nice age" 
for a boy to commence the climbing. The unfortunate child- 
ren put to this torture were in most cases either stolen or sold 
to masters by inhuman parents, and the suffering they under- 
went to learn their horrid trade one would think too much for 
a heart of steel. Here is the evidence of one master: — -"No 
line knows the cruelty which a boy has to undergo in learning. 
The flesh must be hardened. This niu<t be done by rubbing 
it, chiefly on the elbows and knees, with the stiongest brine, 
close by a hot fire. You must stand over them with a cai;e. 
or coax them by a promise of a halfi^enny, etc., if they will 
stand a few more rubs. At first they will come back from 
their work streaming with blonrl. and llir knees looking as if 
the capslMil lieen ]iidled off. Then they must be lulibed with 
brine aixain." '"The following description,' saiil the Commis- 
s'oners, "is so painful, that we should hesitate to record it were 
it not amply confirmed: — 'If, as often happens,' s:;iys a master 
sweep, 'a boy is gloomy or sleepy, or anywise 'linty,' and you 
have other jobs on at the same time, tlniugh I should be as 
kind as I could, you must ill-treat him somehow, cither with 
the hand or brush, or something. It is remembering the 
<-ruelty which I have suffered which makes mc so strong aga'n.st 
boys being employed. I have the marks ol' it on my body 
now, and I believe the biggest part of the sweeps in the town 
hive the .same. That (show iig a deep scar across the bottom 
of the calf of the leg) was made by a lilow from my master 
with an a.sh-plant — i. e. , a young ash ire' tli.it is supple and 
will not break — when I was six years old; it was cut to the 
ne, which had to be scraped to heal the wound 1 have 



marks of nailed boots, etc. , on other parts. ' ' ' Another master 
states that so repugnant arc children to the work, that they 
must be goaded to it by torture, and that he shuddered to think 
what he had endured while young. To harden the fle.sh a 
lotion was rubbed in, called "netting," simmered with hot 
cinders. Describing the operation, one witness said, "It was 
like killing him, and I had to stand by and see it all." "It 
often made my heart ache. " said another, "to hear them 
wail. 

It is also a sad fact that though laws existed again; t these 
cruelties, yet judges and magistrates often ignored cases brought 
before them, and let the masters off on any possible excuse or 
legal technicality, because they knew very well that these boys 
were used to sweep the chimneys in their own houses and they 
would rather help to set the law at defiance than go to the 
expense of altering their houses. 

What do the ch Idrcn of Litah think of .such things as these? 
Lot them imagine for a moment their own little brotliers five 
and six years old suffering such tortures. Yet those cruelties 
a'c not practiced among the cannibals of Central Africa or of 
the Fiji Islands but in the midst of a nation that claims to 
lead the WiU-'d in civilization and philanthroi y. How thankful 
ought we to be that our homes are in these peaceful valleys, 
M'here such things have no existence. Yetweaie pained to 
say that many of the boys and girls of TTtah do not know how 
well t'ley arecael for, and are wasting their day of oppor- 
tunities in idleness or folly. The 'e are t( o many who neither 
love study or work, they do not care to go to school, nor do 
they wish to learn a trade, but appear to be trying to train 
them.selves for lives of the most perfect u.seles'ness that it is 
l)o.ssible for human beings to attain to. Such should remember 
the words of ouriSavior who said that "to whom much is given 
much will be expected." Surely God has given us much: 
homes of peace, pure principles, a holy priesthood and 
temporal blessings that have only to be earned to be obtained. 
How much greater then is our sin if we do not do right, than tl a', 
of the poor little ignorant climljing bo.vs of England. G. R. 




h:j^:e?.i-ic^^i^i. 



Ouii readers doubtless have heard more or less oftheJap- 
au-3S5 custom o'" co-nmitting suicide with a small sharp 
sword, and which is called hari-kari. But perhaps they do 
not know how often it is performed by officers of the gov- 
ernment who fail, owing to the faults of others or their own, 
in the perf irmance of their allotted duty. Thus, when Com- 
modore Perry visited Japan with the design of opening that 
benighted region to the benign influences of our civilization 
and trade, certain envoys from the Japanese monarch can e 
on board his ship with instructions that the vessel, on ap- 
proaching the imperial city .should not pass beyond a certain 
point. The Commodore did not incline to pay much regard 
to these instructions, and as the point in question came in 
view the three envoys perceived that there was no .sign of any 
dimiinition of speed in the ship's progress. Whereupon, 
without further words, they walked forward to the bow of 
the vessel, unsheathed their little swords, and stood there 
with a serious but comiilacent aspect. The American offic- 
ers could not imagine what it all meant; but the interpre- 
ter hastened to the Commodore and told him that the en- 
voj's, the moment the ship passed the forbidden point, would 
commit hari-kari. They had received instructions from their 
monarch tliat tlie ship was not to pass that point, and if 





arTJ"V3i]isri:ii.Ei iisrsTi?.TJGTOi?.. 



119 



did, nothing was left to them but to die in the high Japanese 
fashion. Of course, immediately upon hearing this, the ship 
was brought to anchor, whereupon the envoys smiled pleas- 
antly, sheathed their swords, and walked back again to the 
circle of American officers. 

The origin of this custom of hari-lcari is supposed to be 
as follows: There was a time many years ago, in the history 
of Japan, when the government officers of all kinds were 
about as corrupt and neglectful of their duty as the officers of 
this country are now. Cheating, bribery and corruption were 
the order of the day. No officer did his duty, and when found 
ftiult with he invariably laid the blame upon somebody else. 

The emperor was in despair. At last he singled out a man 
universally respected for his high sense of honor and chose 
him for the chief ruler of his principal province. This man's 
name was Hari Kari. He was an able as well as a good man, 
and he did the best he could but he found his eflbrts vain to 
stem the tide of corruption and peculation. He was even 
charged himself with peculation by those whose thievery he 
was trying to put an end to. At length he sought an inter- 
view with the monarch, and yielded up his office in despair, 
and stun"' to the quick by the false accusations made against 
his probity, pierced himself to the heart with his own sword ! 
The corrupt Japanese ring was as much delighted with the 
failure of Hari Kari as the monarch was depressed. But their 
I'oy was of short duration. A sudden idea struck the emperor. 
He selected the most prominent members of the ring and put 
each of them at the head of an important province, inform- 
ing them that if the least thing went wrong iu any depart- 
ment he should not trouble himself as to which of the under- 
offioers was to blame, but would expect the chief man to imi- 
tate theexampleof Hari Kari. It was not three weeks before 
one chief officer was compelled to commit suicide iu this man- 
ner; and in the course of the first year nine others followed 
suit. The emperor smiled grimly; he was delighted ! Three 
years had not passed before twenty-five of the greate,st ring 
rascals in all Japan were out of the way, and the rage for of- 
fice-holding was curiously lessened. An appointment to office 
began to be looked upon in the light of a death-warrant. The 
chiefs of departments obtained leave from the emperor to hold 
the heads of the various branch departments under them to 
the same rigid accountability, and the historian, Poki Jloon- 
shien, computes that iu twenty years 10,642 office-holders 
peri-hed by hari-kari in only six provinces of Japan ! But the 
result, so tar as the putting an end to rings in Japan, was most 
beneficial. At this day nothing can surpass the general hon- 
e.:ty and integrity of Japanese office-holders. And there has 
been a reflex action upon the community, so that while the 
Chinese and Japanese are a kindred people as to race, the 
latter far excel the former in the purity and honesty alike of 
their politics and their business affairs. There is a high sense 
of the importance of integrity among the Japanese, in which 
the Chinese are lacking. Of course, with our most enlightened 
ideas of the sacredncss of human life, it would hardly do to 
introduce the practice of hari kari into our politics, although 
it would speeddy rid us of some thousands of unprincipled 
office-holders, and thus promote the purity of our government 
and the general welfare of society. But if some kind of 
political hari-kari could be infused into our government system, 
no doubt it would be attended with the most beneficial results 
in the future. — ridladelphia Times. 



^I^SEITIO E^TTITG-. 





The three things most difficult are to keep a secret, to forget 
injury, and to make good use of leisure. 



THE freaks of appetite are extraordinary. To one who had 
never used tobacco in any form, the practice of chewing it, 
or snuffing it, or smoking it, or rubbing it in the teeth and 
gums, would seem most repulsive, and such a person would 
find it difficult to account for the growth of these habits 
among men and women. If we had never seen a man smoke 
tobacco, how ridiculous it would seem to see a man sucking 
smoke out of a pipe or cigar and puffing it out again ! or chew- 
ing a substance that probably for days and weeks would make 
him vomit every time he touched it! We are familiar with 
these habits through seeing people all around us indulge in 
them, and their strangeness and filthiness fail to strike us; 
but this would not be the case if we were suddenly brought 
from a country where tobacco was unknown to one where its 
use was common. It is much the same with tea and coffee. 
How much more natural and pleasant to the taste are bever- 
ages like water and milk in their natural condition than tea 
and coffee ! A child can scarcely be f^^und that naturally likes 
the taste of tea and coffee. Children learn to drink it with 
milk or cream and sugar in it to disguise its natural taste and 
make it palatable, until a fondness for it is acquired, and they, 
being stimulants, the system craves them. 

But what would you ihink of people who have a habit of 
eating arsenic? Arsenic is one of the deadliest poisons known. 
People have been known to suffer severely from the presence 
of arsenic in the paper with which their walls were adorned. 
The arsenical dust from the walls would produce all the .symp- 
toms of poisoning. But think ot eating it, as do many of the 
peasantry of Styria in Austria ! In the year 1851 a remarkable 
paper trom the pen of a doctor appeared in one of the medical 
journals of Vienna. In it he described a habit existing among 
the Styrian peasantry of eating arsenic. The eater began 
with small doses, which were increased gradually as he became 
accustomed to its effect. Various reasons were assigned by 
those who indulged in this droadt'ul habit for its use. Moun- 
taineers and hunters used it in order that they might the 
more easily climb steep heights; maidens ate it that they 
might become more beautiful iu the eyes of their lovers. 
Coach horses, it is said, had it fed to them because it was. 
thought that it made them sleeker, filosticr, more spirited 
and better of wind. It was said, however, if a horse once 
used to arsenic was afterwards deprived of it, he would be- 
come thin, .sickly and almost useless until the poison was 
again given to him. 

When this article appeared it was copied extensively in vari- 
ous journals, and in Great Britain it attracted great attention. 
There were some scientific men, however, in England who said 
the whole story was absurd. They declared that sure death 
would follow the takicg of arsenic as described, and that no 
person could become accuste med to its use, however small the 
dose might be. The action of arsenic upon human beings was 
so well known that the statements could not be true; but sub- 
sequent investigations have proved that the statements first 
made respecting this dreadful habit were true. It was found 
that arsenic eaters could take a dose which was frightfully 
strong. Three grains, here in America is commonly consider- 
ed a dangerous ([uantity; but these ar.'ieiiic eaters have been 
seen to .swallow a fragment of five and a half grains without 
suffering any inconvenience from its effects. A case was cited 
in which five hundred and fifty five grains of the poison were 
given to a horse in the course of twenty-three days ! On the 
twenty-third day one humlied grains were administered to the 





ISO 



Cr U "V^ E 3Sr 1 1-. E liTSTI^TJGTOI?. 




animal ! One man was met with, who was said to be well edu- 
cated — a chemist, and the superintendent of some arsenic 
works. At the time he was met with he had eaten arsenic for 
a number of years. He began with a daily dose of three 
grains, which he had increased until his usual allowance was 
twenty-three grains of the poison. It is said when once the 
habit of eating arsenic is acquired it is exceedingly difficult to 
break it off. Stepping its use suddenly is followed by sick- 
ne.ss, burning pains in the stomach, and finally ..^death. 

It really seems incredible that any person who knows any- 
thing about the effects of arsenic would ever dare to taste it, 
much less to fall into the daily practice of using it; but we pre- 
sume that those who u<e it have as good reasons for its use as 
the tjbacco u.seror those who use tea an I coffje have for their 
u.se. The habit of eating opium is described by those who 
have witneswd its effects as one of the most dreadful any hu- 
man being can fall into. Opium eaters suffer the most dread- 
ful tortures at times, yet notwithstanding this others allow 
themselves to be enslaved by its powers. It is a strange thing, 
yet our experience proves to us that all the bad effects which 
follow the use of any article of stimulus do not deter others 
from using it. Take, for instance, liquor. How many 
there are in the range of our acquaintance who have died 
miserable deaths from the use of li<iuor! who have I rought 
misery upon themselves, upon their fanjilies and given pain to 
all their as.soeiates! died long before their time, an 1 yet others 
who knew of this will indulge in the same habit! Is it not 
strange! One would naturally think human beings endowed 
with reason, as we are, would have sufficient sense and firmness 
to avoid such a curse. But the difficulty is, cvcvy one who 
drinks is apt to think that he will not be a drunkard, that he 
is strong enough to resist, to stop when he his gone far 
enough, and ho continues to drink and drink, until the fond- 
ness for the liquor becomes his master, and l)c is a slave to 
his appetite. There is no safety for any boy or girl in using 
any of these things for the first time. If a boy never drinks 
the first glass, he can never become a drunkard. If he never 
smokes the first cigar or pipe, or chews the first piece of 
toljacco, he can never become a smoker or a chewer. So also 
with tea and coffee. It is the first cup that leads to the second, 
and so on, until the habit of drinking these beverages is 
fiirmed. So also with opium and arsenic and other articles 
that are injurious to the human system. Our counsel, there- 
fore, to the juveniles is: refrain from all habits that are injuri- 
ou.s. The l.e-t way tn refrain from them is tn resist the first 
iiidulgencc. 



-■4>.»- -•<^.« -«-<»- 




Hkrf. is a li>t iif some of the wonders seen through a 
microscope: Insect-: of various kinds can be seen in the 
cavities of a grain of sand. 3Iold is a forest of beaiuiful 
tree<. with the branches, leaves, flowers and fruits. Butterflies 
are full\' feathoreiJ. Hairs are hollow tubes. The surface of 
our bodies it covered with scales like fish. A single grain of 
sand would cover l.')0 of these scales, and yet a .single scale 
covers .")()!) pores. Througli these narrow oi)enings the sweat 
forces itself out like water through a sieve. The mites make 
•'iilO steps a second. Each dro]) of stagnant water contains a 
world (if animated beings, swiinniing with as much liberty as 
wlialo in the sea. ]']ach leaf has a colony of insects grazing 
on it like oxen on a meadow. A speck of potato-rot the size 
of a |iin-head contains about two hundred ferocious little ani- 
mals, biting and clawing each other .savagely. The male mos- 
|uito is decorated with phiuies like those of some trojiical bird. 



j^XjI=h:^bet i3sr i?^h:y:m:e. 



n Y N E 1> H I . 



A is for Angel, who the gospel revealed; 

B for the Bjok by Moroni concealed; 

C for Cumorah, the hill where it lay; 

D for the Dawning of this brightsr daj-; 

E for the Earth, which saints shall inherit; 

F is for Faith, that is given by the Spirit; 

G for the Gospel, the glorious plan: 

H for the Hfaven it came from to man; 

I for the Indian, still roaming abroad: 

J is for Joseph, the prophet of God; 

K for the Kingdom, glorious and fair: 

L for the Lamanites, entering there; 

M for the ilouthpiece of God to mankind; 

N is for Nephi, a prophet, you'll find; 

for the Order established of old: 

P for the Priesthood, its laws to unfold; 

Q for the Quorums, each in its place; 

R for Reward, for winning the race; 

S for the Scriptures, which ought to be read; 

T for the Temple, for living and dead; 

U is for Utah, vales in the mountain: 

T for that Virtue whicli here has its fountain; 

W for Wisdom— spread it abroad; 

X for 'Xperience (if the spell'ng's allowed;) 

Y for our Youth, the hope we rely on; 

Z for the city we'll build up, e'en Ziun. 



The answer to the Puzzle published in No. 8 is His Satanic 
Majesty, the "Dev'IL. " We have received correct solutions 
from K. J. Filce, Kaysville, and Lily E. A. Duke, Salt Lake 
city; and the following answers in rhyme: 

nv C. K. FARNSWORTII, HKAVKR. 



Take letters E and I, you see, 
And place each side ot letter V; 
Atfi.x an L— 'twill make it evil, 
Prefix a D— 'twill then make DEVIL. 



liV .\I\I1IA M. .MILLER, RICHFIELD. 



Tlie second vowel is an E, 

The third, j-ou know, is I, 
And five between, which is a V, 

Will make it E V I; 
You know that fifty is an L, 

Which makes him very EVIL; 
D is five hundred, which will tell 

That his full mime is DKVIL. 



vJXj^;rEisriijB uststK/XJOTOi?. 

I Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



C&Oi^CE O C4NN.M, EDITOR &. PUBLIiHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Singh Cnj»/, per Annum — — $2 DO. 

J^~Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juve.nile Instructor." 




