u\u *> 




" BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING 
GET UNDERSTANDING.'' 




THERE IS NO EXCELLEN'CB 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 15, 1867. 



NO. 14. 



HIO'W T"W"0 IPTJT TEIsT THOXJSJLnSTID TO IFIjICS-TIT. 



1 



N number 10 we wi'Ote a short sketcli of the friendship of | said he to his companion; it may be the Lord will work with us 

and deliver them into our hands. 

Do all that is in thine heart, behold I am with thee in all that 
thou doest, was the reply he received. 

With words of faith like these he bound the heart of his fol- 
lower to him, and they felt, with the help of the Lord, they 
This was no unusual state of | were stronger than all the hosts of the infidel, and that victory 

would be their gift from God. 
Without saying anything of 
their intention to their comrades, 
they left the camp of Lsrael, and 
at early dawn made themselves 
known to the Philistine camp. 

If, said Jonathan, they say 
Stay, and we will come to j-ou, 
then we will stand still where we 
are, and let them come to us. 
But if they say, Come up unto 
us; we will go to them, and it 
shall be a sign to us that the 
Lord has delivered them into our 
hands. 

No sooner did the Philistines 
see Jonathan and his faithful 
companion than they cried in 
mockery. Behold the Hebrews 
come forth out of the holes in 
which they have liid themselves. 
Come up here and we will shew 
you a thing or two. Then Jona- 
than said to his armor bi arer; 
Follow me,the Jjord hath deliver- 
ed them into the hands of Irae'. 
Then these two brave men 
advanced, full of faith, against 
many thousands. Tediously they 
crept on their hands and knees, 
foot I)}' foot, up the steep sides 
of the mountain. At last they 
reached the enemy. Then they fell u^ion them with such 
furj' that in a few moments twenty of the Philistines lay dead 
within the space of half an acre. And (bid, the God of battles 
^as with them, and he filled the Philistines with fear and 
trembling, and the ground trembled and cpiaked, and all the 
garrison fled before Jonathan and his companion. Such was 
their fear that they killed one another in their hurry to get 
away, and being of different nations they mistook, in the early 



Jonathan and David. To-day we have something more to 
say of this same Jonathan, and to recount to you an act of cou- 
rage and faith on his part that can scarcely be equalled in the 
annals of any nation. 

In the early part of the reign of king Saul, the Israelites 
were at war with the Philistines, 
things, for these two nations 
seem to have been more often at 
war than at peace with each 
other. At this time, however, 
the Philistines seem to have had 
the war ve y much their own 
way. They had more soldiers, 
and these soldiers were better 
armed than were the forces of 
Israel; and, from what the Bible 
tells us, it appears that a great 
number of the Jews had gone 
over to the enemies of their na- 
tion, while the major part of the 
remainder had hid themselves in 
the caves and mountains. The 
Philistines having no opposition 
to meet, sent out three bands 
of their soldiers to ravage the 
cities of Lsrael. Saul had, how- 
ever, managed to get together 
about six hundred men, and 
with these he was watching the 
movements of one party ol' the 
Philistines who had camped on 
a very high and steep mountain 
called Jlichmash, where they 
thought they were perfectly safe 
from all that Saul could do to 
dislodge them. 

Jonathan was at this time with 
the king his father; and his 

noble and brave spirit was pained at the ignoble part played by 
the armies of his people. He felt sorry for the sufferings 
Israel had to endure from their enemies. At last he was deter- 
mined by the help of the Lord he would make an effort to drive 
back the oppressors. For this purpose he called but one njan — 
his armor bearer — to his aid, and with him alone he determin- 
ed to attack the garrison of the I'hilistines on the liill Miehmash. 

There is no restraint to the Lord to save by many or by few, 




■fe^ 




0" TJ "^ E :]^ I X. El USTSTI^/TJOTOI^ 




I 



p^. 



light of morning, friends for foes, and fought desperately one 
with another, not thinking it possible that there were culj- two 
men of Israel in their midst. 

The camp of Israel seeing the confusion and hearing the 
noise, were at a loss to understand the cau.se of the excitement 
among their enemies. Saul ordered the roll to be called. 
Jonathan and his armor bearer alone were absent. The cause 
was at once plain to all. Saul gave the word to advance, and 
the hundreds of I.srael were soon in the midst of their retreating 
foes, whom they slew by thousands; never stojtping in the work 
of destruction till the darkness of night, and their weariness of 
body put an end to the slaughter. And all the house of Israel 
gave praise to the Lord for the salvation he had wrought out for 
them through the faith and courage of the king's son and his 
companion in battle. 

Little Latter-day Saints, the God who delivered the thou- 
sands of the Philistines into the hands of two men is our God. 
He is the same who gave the victory to the youth David, when 
he went out to meet the giant Goli:ith. Fiom this we may 
learn a lesson never to fear the millions of the world who may 
be arrayed against the latter-day kingdom of God. For he can 
and !(i7/ aid his people as of old, that "one shall chase a thou- 
sand and two put ten thousand to flight." It is for us to strive 
to have the faith ol' Jonathan, the unitedness of heart of his 
armor bearer, the confidence in heaven of David, and God will 
do as much, yes more, for Israel to day, than he did for Israel 
of the past; for this is the time he has set to Knishup his work, 
and we. boys and girls, are those whom lie has called to aid 
him in the contest, and receive from him the crowns of victory. 

If our little readers will look at the picture, they will notice 
that Jonathan and his friend have their swords in their left 
hands. Why is this? Jonatlian, and doubtless his armor 
bearer, belonged to the tribe of Bcnjaman, who were mostly 
left-handed, and wore noted amongst the tribes of Lsrael for 
their .strength of arm and accuracy of aim when .slinging stones 
in battle. G. 11. 



E. E ivr j^ i^ ic s 

To the Children of Amcricun Fjrk .Siuiday School, by Bishop 
L. E. Harrington, Sunday Morning, June 2, 1SU7. 



IIIAA'E witnessed, this morning with grateful interest and 
pleasure, the exercises of this school, as conducted by your 
president, assistants and teachers and, in the fullness of my 
heart, can say, God bless you all. 

Your advancement in spelling, reading and recitations, and 
also in your readiness to answer the questions jiroposed, 
deserves honorable mention for it tells well for your own in- 
dustrj-; and also that of your teachers. I also gladly realize 
that in this school you arc not merely taught to spell and to 
read, but duty, principle, doctrine and good manners are 
earnestly impressed upon every mind, and judging from the 
order and general good dejiortnient exhibited, I am fidly 
assured that the labor is not in vain. 

The numbers [u'csent speak well for your diligence, and the 
active interest your parents and friends have in the Sunday 
School; and. though some of our young men and young women, 
some of our boys and girls even, do not attend, surely their 
non-attendance will not discourage any of you. No, never lor 
a moment envy or follow after tiiose who neglect the fitting 
opportunity presented to tliem as well as to y(m. Their lan- 
guage in the streets, their lack of cultivation and their igno- 
rance of that which is for their good, testifies jilainly that, if 
if they continue in such a cour.-e, tlieir reward will be bitter, 
while yours will be sweet. Neglect, with its attemhint evils, 
will be th.jirs— .substantial benefits will be yours. 



Be constant then in your attendance, and let no trivial circum- 
stance or small matter hinder you. The record of crime clearly 
proves that the children who have been trained under the 
influence of Sabbath schools have almost universally been 
preserved from crime and its punishment, while the gallows, 
penitentiary, jail, bouse of correction and alms-house bear 
witness against those who have spent their Sundays in what 
they call sport and fun — in rowdying and other evil practices, 
and who ridicided those who endeavored to store their minds 
with useful knowledge, and gave no place to those instructions 
and impres.sions that would benefit them in all after time. 
Remember then, that in these last days the Lord has said 
"And the inhabitants of Zion shall, also, observe the Sabbath 
day to keep it holy.'' 

Consider the favorable circumstances with which you are 
surrounded; your kind parents and other benevolent friends 
exert themselves to favor your attendance on this school; they 
provide a comfortable room for you to meet in, and clothing 
that enables you to appear tidy and respectable — they furnish 
you books, and the superintendent with money to buy presents, 
tickets, rewards of merit and encouragement. "Honor then 
your father and your mother that your days may be long in the 
land'' that the Lord preserves for His people and ujion which 
He confers His blessings. Your President, assistants and 
teachers, by their kind attention and perseverance, welcome 
you here and exert themselves for your advancement, — respect 
them then as 3'our benefactors, listen to their instnictions, and 
heed their advice. The church b3' its gii'ts, encouragements 
and by its oflices confers many blessings upon you. It is God's 
medium of communication with you, by and with the Holy 
Spirit through the holy priesthood. Obey then its ordinances — 
partake of its sacraments — abide in its counsels — drink from its 
wells of salvation and God will bless you forever. Honor the 
servants of the Lord for He has given apostles and prophets 
and the various oflicers of the church to organize and direct 
His church till we all come to the unity of the faith — to the 
knowledge of the Son of God — to the fulness of salvation. 
Invite by your obedience and good conduct the Holy Spirit to 
be your constant companion, and it will lead you into all truth. 
"Listen to Jesus Christ your Redeemer," and fail not every one 
of you to "Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy 
youth while the evil days come not and the years draw nigh 
when thou shalt say I have no pleasure in them." This advice 
was given by a wise man of old, it is good advice to-day. 

The period of life you are now passing through is, to many 
of you, the most important, inasmuch as you are forming 
characters which as a general rule, will continue through your 
lives. How necessary then that your aims and objects take the 
proper direction. Bear in mind that "a good name is worth 
far more than rubies," and that this great boon is entirely with- 
in 3-our reach. But it must be sought after, being the fniit of 
pen^onal exertion. It is the result of application, industiy and 
Ijersevering effort. Your parents may have honorable names 
in society — they may be ornaments to the community — they 
may possess wealth and many external advantages, but you 
cannot inherit a good name from them. Many a .son and 
daughter of jioor, and in some instances perhaps of dishonored, 
parents have, by the proper efforts, far outstrijiped .«ome of 
tho.'ic^ more highly favored by circumstances of birth and station. 
In the formation of character, cultivate a regard for the good 
o])inion of your parents, of the sen-ants of the Lord, an<l of all 
righteous men and women, and in doing .so you will not be led 
astray. Never indulge the thought- — "I don't care what others 
think of me," for it is a foolish saying of an aijandoned and 
reckless mind, and a young man who can say it, realizing the 
import of his word.s, is far lo.st to cveiy high and noble impulse, 
and unless he entirely changes his course will end in ruin. By 



!i^^' 




m 



O-TJ^EI^IXjE IIsrSTI^TJCTOI^. 



all means guard a.sainst this evil, and ever dul.y regard the good 
opinion of the noble and the good, and strive to merit it by an 
obedient and virtuous life. Be diligent in your studies. Read 
good books and periodicals, and not only read, but study and 
reflect. Exercise your thinking powers. A small amount uf 
reading, well digested, will be far more profitable to you than 
volumes lightly read. Let novels and light reading occupy but 
a small portion of your valuable time. But the Bible, Book 
of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants and other standard works 
of the church, as also its newspapers, and in short all useful 
books, claim your earnest attention. I am pleased with the 
large subscription list to the Juvenile Instructor — read with 
care its well prepared lessons. It is a great benefit to Sunday 
school teachers and scholars. 

Now, my dear children, will you heed these sayings and do 
them. If so, and you will continue to live in a manner pleasing 
to our heavenly Father, you will grow up and be blessed, you 
will attain to much influence among the people cf God, your 
ways will be pleasant and your paths will be peace. You will 
not be as the "strange children whose mouth speaketli vanity 
and falsehood," but you will be the children of the covenant, 
"you will be as plants grown up in your youth, you will be as 
cornerstones, polished after the similitude of a palace," yea 
the choicest of heaven's blessings shall be yours, and you will 
fully comprehend and realize the saying of the psalmist, "Hap- 
py is that people that is in such a case, yea, happ3' is that peo- 
ple whose God is the Lord," and your parents will enjoy the 
proud satisfaction of having "trained up their children in the 
way they should go," and feeling fully assured that when "they 
are old they will not depart from it." 



HISTOID. "^ 



For the Juvenile Insfruefoj: 

OIF CTESTJS. 



CHAPTER I. 

JESUS is the Son of God. He is called, in the Bible, the 
Only Begotten, which means that He is the only Son that 
God has begotten in the flesh, on the earth, although God is 
the Father ot all our spirits. 

Marj', the mother of Jesus, was mortal just as we are, yet 
she was a pure and holy woman. In his parentage Jesus was 
unlike everj' other man, for, although he had a mortal mother, 
his Father was immortal, and thus he is God's only Son. 

Thousands of years before Jesus was born, God had foretold 
his birth by the mouths of his prophets, and there were a few 
who had enough of the Spirit of God to understand what the 
prophets had said of his birth, and know that the prediction 
was at hand. Nearly one thousand, eiijht hundred and si.xty- 
seven years ago Jesus was bom in Bethlehem in Judea, on the 
continent of Asia. 

It had been prophesied that he should be a gi-eat personage — 
he should be a Prince, a King and a lUiler over the nations of 
the earth: and the groat men of the world, who lived in that 
age, were excited to jealou.sy for fear that when he came he 
should take their power from them. They little thought that the 
mighty man, the Kedeemer and Savior of the world, so much 
Bpoken of and .so long anticipated, would como in such a humble 
manner; for he was born in a stable and cradled in a manger. 

Not far from Bethlehem, at the time of his birth, some .shep- 
herds were watching their flocks of sheeii, and an angel of the 
Ijord appeared to them in the night, and the glory of God 
shone around them and they were afraid. And the angel said 
to them, "Fear not, for 1 bring you good tidings of great joy, 
which shall be to all people; for this day, in tlio city of David, 
a Savior is born, who is Christ the Jjord." And the angel 
gave the shepherds a .sign by which they might know who ihe 
child was. lie told them where it wa.s, and that they would 




find the babe lying in a manger; and just as the angel was going 
to depart, the shepherds saw a great multitude of angels, and 
heard them praising God and saying, "Glory to God in the 
highest, and on the earth peace and good will to men." And 
when the angels had disappeared, the shepherds said one to 
another, "Let us go to Bethlehem and see if this thing which 
the Lord has shown to us is .so." And they went and found 
Jesus Ij-ing in the manger as the angel had told them. 

About the time of his birth, a singular star made its appear- 
ance, and some wise men in the East who read the words of the 
prophets, and were watching the signs of the times, knew that 
the star .signified of the birth of Jesus, and they left their homes 
and went in search of him. 

^Tien Herod who was then king over the land of Judea, 
saw the wise men he inquired of them about Jesus, and wanted 
to know at what time the prophets said he should be born; 
and the wise men told him that they had seen his star in the 
east, and had come to worship him. And Herod commanded 
them, that when they had found the child, they .should come 
and tell him, for he intended to destroy Jesus; although he told 
the men that he wanted to worship him. And when the men 
departed from Herod, they saw the same star which had 
appeared to them in the east, and it came and stood directly 
over the place where Jesus was. And they were filled with 
great joy, ami they went and found Jesus and iMary his mother 
and they bowed down and worshipped him: and before they 
left, they gave to him very rich presents of gold and other 
substances which was highly valued in that country. But 
instead ot going to that wicked king to tell him where Jesus 
was, they returned home by another way, for so the Lord had 
instructed them in a dream to do. 

After the wise men were gone, the angel of the Lord appeared 
to Joseph (who was step-father to Jesus) and told him in a 
dream to take the young child and his mother and flee into 
Egypt, because Herod was seeking to destroy the child's life: 
and the angel told Joseph to stay in Egypt until he should be 
told to return. And they arose and departed in the nighttime, 
and did not return until after the death of Herod, that it might 
be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet saying, "Out of 
Egypt have I called my son." 

When Herod found that he had been mocked by the wise 
men, he was very angrj', and sent forth a decree that all the 
children, that were two years old and under, that were in the 
land of Bethlehem, should be destroyed, thinking by this 
measure to destroy Jesus. After the death of Herod, Joseph 
was instructed in a dream to return to the land of Judea with 
Jesus and his mother, and they moved to the city of Nazareth, 
that the saying of the prophet might be fulfilled. "He shall 
be called a Nazarcne." Once every year they took him to the 
Temple in Jerusalem. At one time, when he was quite small, a 
prophet by the name of Simeon who was in the Tenijile, took 
Jesus in his arms and gave thanks to God, who had revealed 
to him by His Holy Spirit that he should live until Jesus was 
born: and when he saw the fiilHhnent of the promise he felt 
■satisfied with life and said, "Jxird now let thou thy servant 
(le])art in jicace, for mine eyes have beheld thy salvation — alight 
for the gentiles and the glory of thy pcoiiic Israel." He 
jnophesied many things which astonished Joseph and the 
mother of JesiLs. 

As Jesus grew in stature, he increased in wisdom much 
beyond his years; and when he was twelve years old. having 
been on the yearly visit to Ji'rusalem; his mother, thinking he 
was in the company, travcleil a <lay's journey homeward, lnit 
when she sought for him and found that he was ,nib,'<ent, she 
went bark to ,leiMis:ileni, and afti'r llncc days' search, fmind him 
in the Temple silling in the niid>t ol' the learned men and 
doctors, I'reely coiiveising with llieni — a.'^kiug and answering 
()iieslions. Tlmsr who heard him wi're .■istoni>hed ;it his great 
uM(lerslandin,'.', lint it ni'cd not have a-^timished them, had they 
realized that he was really the Son of Jud. 



15^^- 



'5e^ 







J'TJ'VEllNril-.El IISrSTi^XJCTOI^ 




GEORGE Q. C^%.]ViV01V, : 

JULY 15, 18G7. 



EDITOK. 



EIDITOIE^I^A^IIj THOTJCa-HTS. 





ITTLE fiionds, ■would you uot all like to 
be happj- — to have peace in your hearts, 
and always be able to enjoy yourselves in 
Af^Ei^^^*\?v *'^^ most pleasant manner? We imagine 
f.'j!kS:WS V ^i<M .1 we hear you all saying, "We would like very 
much to know how we can thus live. ' ' Life 
itself ceases to be desirable where people 
are unhappy. A man who is unhappy looks 
upon the earth, upon the heavens and upon 
all the beauties of nature without a feeling 
of thank.-^giving or gladness in his heart. He 
may gaze upou the sun rising in his glory and 
.■zS'^l *'''C"gth over our eastern mountains, or as he 
"^//^ descends, clothing the whole western heavens in 
> o^ the grandest and most gorgeous colors; or upon 
the moou, as she sails in silent majesty through the 
heavens, bathing every object in her soft light, and 
gladdening all nature by her silvery beams. No land- 
scape, however beautiful, presents anything attractive 
to a person who is unhappy. 

But the child, or grown person, whose heart is filled with 
peace and a pure feeling of happiness, views all the works of 
God with delight. He sees something to admire and be thank- 
ful for wherever he goes. His life is pleasant to him under all 
circumstances. 

There is no people upon the face of the earth, wliom wo know 
anything about, who are so happy as the people in this Terri- 
tory. The truth which God has revealed opens the way of 
happiness to them. They know the principle upon which 
happiness can be obtained. It can only be enjoj'cd by living in 
accordance with the law. But children, j'ou may ask, "how shall 
we know the law?" The law is not all written in books. You 
would find it difficult to get it from them. But it is written in 
your hearts. Tlic Spirit of God writes it there; if you give 
heed to it, the knowledge of it is continually increasing within 
you. You can bo happy by always obeying the Spirit and sub- 
mitting to its law. It teaches you not to steal, not to lie, not 
to wrong your neighbor, not to take the name of the Lord in 
vain, not to disobey your parents or any other improper thing. 
When you know that certain words and actions are wrong, never 
speak them, never do tliem. By this moans you will preserve 
peace in your hearts. But, my dear little readers, whenever 
you speak a word or conmiit an action that the Spirit of the 
Lord tells you is not right, you lay the foundatii)n for your 
future unhappiness. You are condenuied and cannot enjoy 
yourselves. You may be in poverty, or in the midst of enemies, 
or suffering from atHictions; but if you live according to the law 
of the Lord, and at peace with your own selves, you will bo 
happy. 



B&- We have a few sets of Volume (_)nc nf the iNSTitrrxnn 
on hand, which tho.se wishing to purchase can have by aiJiilying 
at this ofScc. 



We pau.se .sometimes in a path to scan our own foot prints 
but it is too late to remodel or retrace them. 



FOIi, OUR JUVENILES. 



71. What occurred in Zion's Camp on the evening of the 
17th of JXay, 1S34, and wliat did tlie prophet Jo.seph do? 

72. What liappened nest morning? 

73. How did Joseph instruct the brethren on tlie journey 
with regard to killing snalvcs, birds and animals? 

74. What peculiar circumstance happened some time after- 
wards Willi one of the Ijrethren and a rattlesnake? 

7.5. Did he kill it wlien requested to do so? 
7(3. What did they discover in a mound in the vicinity of the 
Illinois I'iver? 

77. What information was obtained concerning it, and how? 

78. What did Josepli prophecy sliould come upon tlie Camp 
because of the fractious and unruly spirits that appeared among 
them? 

79. Where did Hyrum Smith join the Camp? 

80. Who met the Camp, three days after it left Salt river, and 
what news did they bring? 



F'or the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE Bi^JLAriB :bo"Y" ^A^isriD 



A GREAT many boys and girls think it is cowardly not to 
resent an insult, or not to fight when imposed upon. 
But Jesus has said that we must return good for evil, and that 
if we do, God will acknowledge us as his children. The real 
coward is the boy or girl who is afraid to do right. The Ijrave 
boy is the one who is afraid to do wrong. The boy who fights 
is not always the bravest boj'. We remember reading, many 
years ago, a little story about two school boys, which made a 
lasting impression on our mind. We will call one Jack and the 
other George. George had recently come to the school, and it 
was the custom of the boys to make every new scholar fight 
one or more of their number. Jack, being more impudent and 
fond of fighting than the rest, was selected to seek a combat 
with the new scholar. Accordingly he took every ojiportunity 
to insult poor George and hurt his feelings; he would jostle 
against him, push him about, stare at him rudely, snatch his 
books from him, and annoy him in every way he could think of 
in order to provoke him to fight, and when he would not do so; 
all the boys called him ' 'coward. ' ' George bore all this patiently 
for some weeks; but it happened one day that Jack and a 
number more of the boys went on to a pond near the school to 
.slide, for it was winter, and the ice broke and Jack fell into the 
water. The ice around him was so thin that it would not bear 
any one standing upon it, and the boys stood on the shore in 
great consternation looking at Jack ready to drown and just 
keeping liis head above water by holding on to the edges of the 
ice, but they were all too frightened to think how they could 
hell) him just then, having licard a great noise, George and the 
other boys came running u]). George saw immediately the 
danger Jack was in and that there was no time to be lost, so he 
quickly explained his plan to a few of the bravest boys, which 
was this. He laid down upon his belly on the ice — because it 
might boar him in that way, when if he stood upon it, it would 
be sure to break — oneboy laid down behind him and grasped him 
by the feet with both hands, and jiushed him further out on the 
ice. two or three other boys did the same, one behind the other, 
until they formed a sort of chain of boys from the .shore to Jack, 
George being the first and in the most dangerous jilacc. They 
promised to hold on to one another if the ice broke, so that 
those on .shore could pull them out, but it was running a great 
deal of risk. As .soon as George reached Jack he took hold of 
him by the collar of his jacket and succeeded, after great diffi- 
culty, in dragging him out upon the ice. The boys on shore 



.?C? 





J" TJ ^ :HI IsT I L E in^STiRTJOTOIE?. 




then pulled them all in, and Jack was saved. The boj's all 
received George with shouts of applause and proclaimed him 
the bravest boy in the school. Jack was very much ashamed of 
his mean conduct to George and they became warm and fast 
friends. Now which do you think was the brave boy? S. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



BEING requested by the editor of the Juvenii,e Instructor 
to inform him of my labors in 1836. 1 will do so. I spent 
the fore part of January (the weather being very cold) at the 
house of A. .0. Smoot, in Kentucky, studying Kirkham's 
English Grammar. I continued to travel and preach in Ken- 
tucky and Tennessee and baptize all that would believe my 
testimony. 

On the 29th of February we held a conference at the house 
of Brother Lewis Clapp (father of B. L. Clap)).) There were 
represented one hundred and three members in that mis.sion. 
I ordained A. 0. Smoot and Benjamin Boydston elders, and 
Daniel Thomas and Benjamin L. Clapp priests. I ahso ordained 
one teacher and two deacons. After conference I took Biothers 
Smoot and Clajip with me to preach. The former traveled 
with me constantly till the 21st of April, when we had the 
privilege of meeting with Elder David W. Patten, who had 
come direct from Kirtland, and who had been ordained one of 
the Twelve Apostles. It was a happy meeting. He gave us 
an account of the endowments at Kirtland, the glorious blessings 
received, the ministration of angels, the organization of the 
Twelve Aiwstles and Seventies, and informed me that I was 
appointed a member of the second quorum of Seventies. All 
of which was glorious news to me and caused my heart to 
rejoice. 

On the 27th of May we were joined by Elder Warren Parrish, 
direct from Kirtland. We had a happy time together. We 
held a conference at Brother Seth Utley's, where were repre- 
sented all the churches in the South. I was ordained on the 
31st of May a member of the second quorum of Seventies 
under the hands of David W. Patten and W'arren Parrish. 
At the close of the conference we separated for a short time. 
Elders Patten and Parrish labored in Tennessee, Brother Smoot 
and myself in Kentucky. On the 9th of June we all met at 
Damon Creek branch, where Brother Patten baptized two. 
One was Father Henry Thomas, who had been a revolutionary 
soldier under General Washington, and father of Daniel and 
Henry Thomas. 

I was invited to hold a meeting at a Baptist meeting house 
on the 27th of Jutie. On my arrival I met a large congrega- 
tion; but, on commencing meeting, parson Browning ordered 
the meeting to be elo.sed. I told the people I had come ten 
miles to preach the gospel to them, and was willing to stand in 
a cart, on a pile of wood, or on a fence, or any other place they 
would appoint, to have that privilege. One man said he owned 
the fence and land in front of the meeting house, and we might 
use both, for he did not believe "Mormonism'' would hurt 
either. So the congregation ero.s.sed the road, took down the 
fence and made scat.s of it, and I preached to them one hour 
and a half At the close Mr. Randolph Alexander bore testi- 
mony to the truth of what had been said. He invitud me home 
with him, bought a book of Mormon, and was baptized, and I 
organized a branch in that place. 

On the l«th of July brother A. 0. Smoot and I arrived at a 
ferry on the Tennessee river, and, as the ferr} man was not 
at home, the woman kindly gave us permission to u.se the ferry- j 
boat. We led our horses on board, and took the oars to cross i 



the river. Brother Smoot had never used an oar, and I had 

not for some years, so we made awkward work of it. Soon lie 
broke one oar, and I let another fall overboard, which left 
us onlj' one broken oar to get to shore with. We narrowly 
escaped running into a steamboat. We struck shore half a 
mile below the landing place, tied up the boat, jumped on the 
bank with our horses, and went on our way with blistered hands, 
thankful to get off so well. 

A warrant was issued, on the oath of some priest, against 
D. W. Patten, W. Parrish and W. Woodruff. They were 
accused in the warrant of the great "crime" of testifying that 
Christ would come in this generation, atid that they promised 
the Holy (jhost to those whom they baptized. Brothers Patten 
and Parrish were taken on the 19th of June. Brother Wood- 
ruff, being in another county, escaped being arrested. The 
brethren were put under two thousand dollars bonds to appear 
at court. Albert Petty and Seth Utley were their bondsmen. 

They were tried on the 22nd of June. They plead their own 
cause. Altliough men came forward and testified they did 
receive the Holy Ghost after they were baptized, the brethren 
were condemned; but were finally released by paying the 
expenses of the mob court. 

On Sunday, the 31st of July, A. 0. Smoot and I preached at 
Mr. David Crider's, Weakley county, Tennessee. After the 
meeting l\Ir. Crider was baptized. A mob gathered and 
threatened us, and poisoned our horses so that the one I rode, 
belonging to Samuel West, died a few days after. This hor.se 
had carried me thousands of miles while preaching the gospel. 

I continued to travel with Brothers Smoot, Patten and Parrish 
in Tennessee and Kentucky, and we baptized all who would 
receive our testimony. 

On the 2nd day of September we held a general conference 
at the Damon Creek branch. Elder Thomas B. Jlarsh, i)resi- 
dcnt of the Twelve Apostles, presided. All the branches in 
Tennessee and Kentucky were represented. Brothers Randolph 
Alexander, Benjamin L. Clapp and John.son F. Lane were 
ordained Elders and Lindsay Bradey to the lesser priesthood. 

I assisted President Marsh to obtain fift<3en hundred dollars 
from the southern brethren, to enter laud in Missouri for the 
church. The brethren made me a prcsentof fifty dollars, which 
I sent by President ^Marsh to enter forty acres of land for me. 
Elder Smoot and I were released from the southern mission with 
permission to go to Kirtland. ^\ . ^^'. 



THE j^ T :m: o s 1= 11 E :r. E - 

IN warm summer weather, if you put cold water into a glass 
vessel, or into one made of bright metal, you will perceive 
that small drojis of water are forming over the whole surface of 
the vessel. Now if you remember what was said last number, 
about the heat of the air, and its ability to hold moisture, you 
will have no trouble to tell where the drops of water on the 
side of the glass come from. The air near to the glass becomes 
cooled by the cold water in the vessel, and can not, in this 
condition, hold all the water it has taken up when warmer. 
This surplus of water is deposited on the cold surface. 

The temperature at which the water appears on the outside of 
the glass, is called the dew point. This temperature is not 
always the same. If the air at a certain tcmperatiu-e is filled 
with moisture till it can hold no more, then the smallest amount 
of cooling will reach the dcw point. But if the air be only 
half filled with water, then it nuist bo cooled very low before it 
will deiiosit any moisture. The temperature of the dew point 
is, therefore, the measure of the (juantity of water in the air at 
any time. 

The dew on the grass, in a summer evening, is produced on 



h 



^. 



■^-^ 





TJ ^ E! 3Sr 1 1_. E IHSrSTKvTJCTOl?. 



the same principle with the dew on the cold cup. During the 
long summer day, the earth has been receiving boat from 
the sun a little faster than it has thrown it off again through the 
air. But when the sun is set, the earth ceases to receive heat, 
but continues to part with it, till the grass becomes colder than 
the air around it. But the air near the grass and leaves that 
first become cold, soon readies the same temperature with these. 
If the air, before it was cooled, had all the water it could hold, 
th 'n a very little cooling will make dew on the grass. 

If the sky is covered with clouds, then the heat thrown off 
from the earth will be thrown back again from the clouds; there- 
fore, the earth will not be cooled, and there will be no dew. If 
a brisk wind be blowing, the air will be hurried on so ftist that 
it will not be cooled by the cold surfaces over which it passes. 
This is why there is no dew on cloudy or windy nights. 

If a warm current of air, filled with moisture, blows over a 
cold surface of earth, the air often becomes cooled, below the 
dew point, to a considerable heiuht. The moisture is then 
deposited iu very small drops in the air. This is fog. It often 
appears, of a summer mornir.g, along the shores of rivers and 
lakes. The air above the water, filled with moisture, is wanner 
than that over the land. When this warm air moves from the 
water to the land, it becomes suddenly cooled, and is directly 
filled with fog. But the air soon becomes warmed by tlie 
morning sun, and as its temperature rises, it is able to hold 
more moisture — the fog is dissolved in the air and disappears. 
If this fog had been high up in the air, we should have called 
it a cloud. Two wind currents, of different tcmjierature. meet 
high up in the air. The warm current is cooled down, and its 
moisture condensed into a cloud. The small drops run together 
till they become too heavy to float in the air, when they fall to 
the earth, and we call it rain. — Litlh Sower. 






w 



^ I s z 



I'ljr tlir Jnvrni'lc, Instructor. 



f9 



THE LORD AVILL I'KOVIDE. 

[COXTINLKO.] 

PASSING through the rooms they came to one wherein 
several of the girls were engaged in their studies. They 
were dressed very plain, but very clean and neat. They looked 
cheerful, healthy and happy. As they were passing through, 
the principal of the establishment entered; he was a mild, noble 
looking man in the prime of life; benevolence and love beamed 
from his honest, open countenance, and his bearing commanded 
respect. The children gathered round him in clusters, all loved 
and respected him, for he, to them, was like a father and 
they felt free in his presence. Here was a man who was an 
instrument in the hands of God, of providing hundreds of 
children with food, clothing and education. JMary and Ellen 
felt tliey both loved him fur his kindness to the children, and 
were veiy jtroud to shake hands with him; but all pleasures 
have an end, and the time anived for them to retire. Highly 
pleased with their visit, they bcjit their way to the cars that 
were to convey them to the city, and an-ivcd in safety at home. 
In the evening their mamma took the opportunity of instructing 
them upon the goodness of God towards His children, taking 
for an example the establishment they had visited. 

"My dear children," said mamma, "always jiut your -trust 
and confidence in God; learn to make him your friend, for j-ou 
are beloved of God. Do you not think, my dear Httle maidens. 



it is a lovely thought to be hehved of God. Jesus Christ, 
whom we all love, has said 'Suffer little chiUren to come unto 
me, ajid forbid them not: for of such is the hiiir/dom of God. ' 

"He loves all the good little girls who go to Sunday School, 
and obey their parents; who are cheerful and happy, not fretful 
and ill-tempered. When they pray, he hears their prayers, and 
blesses them every day; they learn that they are dependent 
upon him for life and all they possess; and they learn to love 
him, and every night and morning they tcdk tn Jlivi, by sayfng 
their prayers. They understand they have a Father in heaven 
who loves them, and who watches over them by night and by 
day with a jealous care." 

Mary and Ellen loved to hear mamma talk so kindly to them, 
and resolved that they would always try to be good, and 
generally they were good girls. 

Some few days after the incidents I have related, the children 
were preparing their lessons for the next day, previous to retir- 
ing to rest, when their papa entered, accompanied by a stranger. 
He was a plainly dressed, respectable man, with an lionest 
expression of countenance, a kindly beaming, clear bine eye, 
aiid soft, light brown hair. His was one of those peculiar facea 
that once seen we never forget. 

"Hannah," said papa, addressing his wife, "this gentleman is 
a preacher of the Gospel, traveling without purse or scrip, and 
I have invited him to stay with us for a day or two, rest himself 
and teach us of the gospel." 

Mamma received the stranger veiy kindly. 

"And these two little girls are my children," continued papa, 
introducing Mary and Ellen to the stranger. 

"I am happy to make their acquaintance," replied the 
stranger, "for I love good little girls. I have some dear little 
girls at home in the mountains of the 'far west' whom I love 
dearly." 

Mamma and the girls were much surpr'scd at hearing papa 
introduce a minister who traveled without purse or scrip; forthe 
ministers they knew had comfortable homes to live in and did 
not travel. 

"How is it that j-ou travel without purse or scrip, sir?"' asked 
mamma. "Madam," replied the stranger, "the gospel of the 
Son of God requires its apostles to travel and preach the gospel 
without purse or scrip, and the Lord provides." 

Mary, who was seated upon a stool at her mamma's feet, 
looked up into her mother's face with an expression full of 
meaning. 

"What denomination do you belong to, sir?" asked mamma. 

I suppo.se, my little friends, you wonder what denomination 
means. I will tell you. In the city where JIary and Ellen 
lived, there were many different churches, or congregations of 
peoiile. They all professed to believe in the Bible and in Jesus 
Christ; but they interpreted, or placed a different meaning upon 
some portions of scripture; that is, they read the Bible differ- 
ently, and were divided into different bodies of people or 
churches, and were called Catholics, the Church of England, or 
Protestants, because they protested against the Catholic church. 
Then there were several bodies called dissenters, who had 
di.ssented from the church of England, and were called Calvin- 
ists, 'after John Calvin, Wesleyans, after John Wesley, and by 
several other names. These different churches are called 
denomination.s. They had not the priesthood of the Son of 
God to teach them like you have, for in the days when these 
d fferent churches were formed the priesthood was not upon the 
earth. Mamma knew nothing of the priesthood being restored 
to the earth, but thought the stranger belonged to some new 
di.s.senting body. But to continue my stoiy. "I do not belong 
to any, IMadam;" said the stranger, "I am simply a messenger 
of salvation bearing glad tidings to the nations of the earth; 
for an angel has restored the fulness of the everlasting gospel 



J" U 'V ElSr I L E I3^STI^"CrCTOK> 




and the kej's of the kingdom of God are again committed to 
men upon the earth. " 

"I have always understood that angels have ceased to visit 
the eaiti," said mamma, "and that we have all that is neces- 
sary for salvation revealed in the Bible. ' ' 

"That is generally taught," answered the stranger, "but it is 
not true, and no one who had authority fiom God would teach 
such a false doctrine. Through the church of Christ a commu- 
nication is opened between the heavens and the earth, and 
many acgels will visit the earth in the last days. Angels are 
ministering spirits^ sent forth to minister for them- icho shall he 
heirs of salvation. When John the IJevelator was upon the Isk 
of Patmos, and was favored with one of the grandest visions 
that vras ever shown to mortal man, he saw the angel of whom 
I speak, 'fly in the midst of heaven, having the everlisting 
gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the cartK' You read 
of it in the fourteenth chapter of Revelations and the sixth 
verse. I could refer you to many passages proving this." 

"Do you think that God reveals his will to day as he did 
anciently," asked papa. 

"I know that he does," replied the stranger. 
To be Contuiued, 



^iograiiTm, 



1= K. O I^ H IB T . 



THE 



OHN B. CLARK, was selected by Gov- 
ernor Boggs as the commander of the 
troops to operate against the Saints. He 
was not the senior officer; but he was the 
most suitable man for Bogg.s' iiurpose. 
It was not every general, even in Missouri, 
who would do all that Governor Boggs 
required. But Clark would do anything, 
no matter how cruel and murderous it 
ight be. The mobbers from all parts of the 
country crowded to his standard, and he made all 
l^ossible haste to reach Far West with his troops. 
When the mob received Governor Boggs' ex- 
terminating order, two hundred and forty of 
them attacked a few families of the Saints at Ilaun's 
mills, and killed a number of the brethren and wound- 
ed others. One of them — Bro. McBride — had fought 
for independence under General Washington. They 
shot him with his own gun, and one of the mob cut 
him to pieces with a corn cutter. The Saints had taken refuge 
in a log house which was used as a blacksmith's shop. The 
mobbers put their guns between the logs and shot every one they 
could see. 'J heir cries for meiey had no effect on the flinty hearts 
of those cruel murderers. A little boy by the name of Sardius 
Smith, who.se father — Warren Smith — the mob had shot dead, 
crawled under the blacksmith's bellows in hopes to escape. 
Tiie mobbers found him. He begged them not to shf.ot him, 
for ho was an American boy; but one of them put his gun to 
his head and blow out his brains. His little brother, Alma L. 
Smith, they al.'-o .shot. When he was shot, he laid still as 
though he were dead, and by so doing escaped; they thought 
they had killed him. Though badly wounded, lie recovered, 
and is now a missiowary preaching the gospel on the Sandwich 
Islands. 




On the 30th of October, 1838, a large army was seen 
approaching Far West. The main body halted, and soon after- 
wards a detachment marched in line of battle towaitls the city. 
When about a mile distant this detachment halted, and sent a 
messenger with a white flag to the city. This messenger 
demanded three persons, who were in the city, to be brought 
out beiore they should kill the rest of the people and lay the 
place in ashes. These three persons — Adam Lightner, John 
Cleminson and wife — were sent for. They were told by the 
messenger that they had a chance to save their lives, for it was 
the intention to destroy the people and lay the city in ashes. 
They replied; "if the people must be destroyed, and the city bo 
burned to ashes, we will remain in the city and die with them." 
Brother Charles C. Rich was sent as a messenger by the 
colonel of the militia in Far West to ask an interview with 
Generals x\tchison and Doniphan. Bogard, the Methodist 
preacher, when he saw him coming, shot at him. This was a 
very base, cowardly action, for Brother Rich was carrying a 
white flag, which is viewed as a sign of peace by nearly all the 
nations of the earth. Upon the return of the messenger to the 
mob cam p, the detachment drew back about a mile and encamp- 
ed for the night. During the night the brethren threw up a 
temporary fortification of wagons, timber, etc., on the south, 
and guarded the city. You can think, children, how they umst 
have felt during that night. They were like a small flock of 
sheep surrounded by a pack of howling wolves. They knew 
that those men thirsted for their blood, and that nothing but 
the power of God could deliver them from their clutches. 
There seemed to be no prospect of escape without a battle, and 
the sisters occupied their time during the night in gathering up 
their most valuable effects, in case their houses should be fired. 
You have seen, children, that many of the troubles, which 
Joseph and his brethren had to contend with, were brought on 
them by apostates. At this critical time, when everything 
depended upon the union of the Saints, treason was doing its 
secret work in their midst. George M. Hinkle, who was the 
colonel of the militia in Far West, was the traitor. He secretly 
made an engagement with the mob to deliver up to them the 
church leaders to be tried and punished, and to deliver up tho 
arms of eveiy description belonging to the brethren. On the 
31st of October, 1838, he waited on Brothers Joseph Smith, 
Sidney Rigdon, Parley P. Pratt, Lyman Wight and George W. 
Robinson and stated that the officers of the army wanted a 
mutual consultation with them. He assm'ed them that Generals 
Lucas, ^^'ilson and Doniphan had pledged their sacred honor 
that they should not be abused or insulted; but that they should 
be guarded back in safety in the morning, or as soon as tho 
consultation should ba over. This was a falsehood. He took 
this means of betraying his brethren into the hands of their 
enemies. 

When Joseph and the other brethren got about halfway to tho 
mob camp they were met by General Lucas with a cannon and 
the whole army at his heels. As Lucas came up he ordered his 
men to surround the brethren, and at the same time Hinkle 
stepped up and said: "These are the prisoners I agreed to 
deliver up." Lucas drew his sword and brandished it, and told 
the brethren that they were his prisoners. Immediately a 
great number of guns were cocked and a number of them were 
snapped at Joseph and his comp:inion.s. 

As Jo.seph and his cmniianions were marched down through 
the lines, the whoojiings and j-cllings of the mob were terrific, 
and were distinctly heard by tho people of Far West. Some 
of them were frightened at tlie noise. Josejih and those who 
were with him had never lu^ard such sounds; they could compare 
them to nothing but the howling of evil sjiirits. 

Joseph and the other brethren were jilaced under guard. 
They had to sleep on the ground, through tho night, without 



^5 



4^^g^l^ 




Cr TJ "\r E InT I L El Il^STI^TJOTOI^ 



■^q 



any covering. Tliis was the last night of October — a time of 
year vrhcn the ground was damp and cold from the rains that 
were then falling. They were subjected to everj* kind of abuse 
and insult, and threatened with death. The next day, Novem- 
ber 1st, 1S3S, HjTTim Smith and Amasa M. Lyman were 
dragged from their families in Far West and brought prisoners 
into camp. In the morning of that day General Lucas 
demanded the arms of the militia of Far West and took them 
away. He promised that the peojile should be protected and 
the arms returned. But they received no protection, and the 
arms were never restored to them. No sooner liad the mob 
got possession of the arms than they commenced their ravages, 
plundering the Saints of their bedding, clothing, money and 
every thing of value, which tlicy could lay their hands upon. 
They drove Joseph's family out of doors. They also committed 
tlie most dreadfid outrages upon some of the females in the 
neighborliood, and afterwards boasted, in the hearing of Joseph 
and the brethren, with him, of their wicked deeds. They shot 
down the Saints' oxen, cows, hogs and fowls, at their own 
doors, and would take jiart away and leave the rest to rot in 
the streets. They also turned their horses into the fields of 
corn belonging to the brethren. 

It is written in the Bible that ''the tender mercies of the 
wicked are cruel." IIow true the Saints found that scripture 
to be! 

On the evening of the first of November a court martial was 
held. This court was compo.sed of seventeen preachers and 
some of the jirineipal officers in the army. Samuel D. Lucas 
presided. This court did not bring Joseph or any of the 
brethren before it. But it sentenced them to be shot at eight 
o'clock the next morning in the public square at Far West, and 
in the presence of their families and friends. When the sentence 
was passed, General Douiplian arose and said, that "neither 
him.^elf nor his brigade should have any hand in the shooting — 
that it was nothing short of cold-blooded murder;" and then 
left the court martial, and ordered his brigade to prepare and 
march off the ground. 

Joseph inquired of Genera] Wil.son, who had been one of the 
mob in Jackson county, what he had done that he should be 
treated with such indignity, stating that he had always been a 
supporter of the constitution and of democrac}'. His reply was: 
"I know it. and that is the reason I want to kill you, or have 
you killed." 



Fo7- the Jm'enilc Instructor. 

I^ E S TJ S . 




BY T, I Z z I E C K O r C H , 



I am a surname of woman or man. 

Now try and guess me if you can. 

Behead me, as a bird I sing 

So sweetly while I'm on the wing. 

Behead again and J'ou'll behold 

A thing that was in days of old; 

Yes, it was made before the flood 

By one who loved and worshi]iped God. 

Now I leave the rest, all to guess 

niough 'tis a iiuzzle I confe.ss. 



If ynu love other.'=, they will love you. If you speak kindly 
to them, they will speak kindly to you. Like begets like. Love 
is re). aid with love, and hatred by hatred. Would you hear a 
.sweet and pleasant echo, speak sweetly and pleasantly yourself. 



$^^5^— 






1 






For the Juvenile Instructor, 



True friendship is a inodest flower 

Tliat ostentation hates, 

Tlie mingling of two truthful hearts, 

Tlie liinding of two fates; 

'Tis one of nature's evergreens 

Tliat never knows decay; 

The winter's storms niaj' press its stem 

Its roots are hid away. 

Tlien plant the seeds of such a flower 

Within a virgin soil; 

And as your mind becomes mature 

There it will lirnily coil. 

To rear it healthy, firm and strong, 

Spare no amount of earo 

Pluck up the tares, should they take root,^ 

O, do not have them there. 

You've heard the saying, old but trite, 

He wlio's a friend in need 

Of nil the friends we seem to have 

Is the true friend indeed; 

Then study friendship in your youth, 

My little juvenile, 

And should rude blasts e'er touch its cords 

Then let your friendship smile. 

John Smith. 



For tlie Juvenile Instructor. 



BY JOHN p. SMITH JR. 



I am composed of 13 letters. 

My 1, 12, 3, 3, 10, 8, is a lady's name. 

My 1-, 2, 3, 6, 5, 4, 1 3, 2, is a State of the Union. 

My 9, 10, 11, S, is to rend asunder. 

My 7, 12, 1, is a color. 

My whole is the name of a river in the United States. 



Tire answer to the Charade in No. 12 is PHILADELPHIA 
to the Enigma, the letter A. 

The following sent correct answers to both:- 
Woolley, ]>. Billings, D. W. I'atten, M. A. 
J. 1*. Smith jr. 

The Charade was answered by J. E. McGaw, 
A. 31. Jarvis, E. Jarvis, P. A. Brown, W. 
Lizzie Winder. 

The Enignta by M. ?I. Keysor, W. J. Lewi? 
E. Crouch jr. 



J. Tavey, E. T. 
Jenkins, Susie, 

J. S. Tliornton, 
Farr, E. Farr, 

Lizzie Crouch, 



Is jitihlislied in Great Salt Lake Oil'/, Utah Territory, 
OX THK FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum S3 00 

Single Copy, for Si.v Montbs 1 50 

KS- II if erprrlrd where ar/enis forward natnes they will he responsible 
for llic papers thv.1 ordered: and when Cash jxtyynents are made, lliey 
'will please forward lliem with the letter containing the naines oj the 
SJ'l'srrihers. 

457- j:ider Wm. IT. Shearman, I^rjan, will act as Genera! Agent for 
Cache Valley. 

as- Grain tirouiyht to this Oi/y for the JrVKNII.K iNSTHFrTOR unit he 
received at the office of our jnipcr—D ksekkt News BulLDl^GS. 



