
wm^MmMmmmm 





fi^irl2%iif;'^ 



VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUStU, 18G9. 




NO. 17. 



T s: E 



s e: I?. I ic El . 



THE Shrike is a rapacious bird whicli feeds upon smaller 
birds. The short and strong bill is abrupt'y hooked at 
the end, and the notch is so deep as to form a small tooth, 
more or less prominent on each side. This projeorion is anal 
ogous to the teeth of quadrupeds, so far as it enables the bird 
to take a firm grasp of its food, and is used to divide it into 
piecBs. The claws, akso, as instruments of capture, are peculi- 
arly fine and sharp in the typical group, and this character 
pervades, more or less, the whole family. 

Some of these species manifest a degree of courage and 
cruelty which has led to their association with the Birds of 
Prey by many naturalists. Many of them have the curious 
habit of impaling the animals they have caught upon a large 
thorn, and then pulling them to pieces, and devouring ihem at 



young pheasants through the bars of the breeding coops ; and 
others have assured me that they have killled them when ban- 
quetting on the carcase of some little bird they had captured. 
All small birds have an antipathy to the Shrike, betray anger, 
and utter the moan of danger, when it approaches their nest. 
I have often heard this signal of distress, and, cau'iously ap- 
proaching to learn the cause, have frequently found that this 
Butcher bird occasioned it. They will mob, attack, and drive 
it away, as they do the Owl, as if fully aetiuainted with its 
plundering propensities." 

Another writer says: "The character of the Butcher-bird 
is entitled to no common degree of respect. His activity is 
visible in all his motions; his courage and intrepidity beyond 
every other bird of his size (one of his own tribe only excepted, 



L tyrannus, or King 







their leisure. Hence 
they have derived the 
name of ButcJier-hiuh 
The Shrikes have great 
power of clutching with 
their toes, and alwa}~ 
hold their prey in oni 
foot, resting oii the tai 
sal joint of that foot 
unless when they ha\L 
fastened it upon a thorn 
when they pull it tn 
pieces in a contrary di 
rection. They exhibit 
great courage in defend 
ing themselves and 
their nests from mou 
powerful enemies ; and 
the parents show great 
attachment to each 
other and to then 
young. 

"After tl.e rj-gs are 
hatched," says a writer, "both parents are very assiduous in 
their aiteofions to their offspring, feeding them long after they 
have left the nest, for the young appear to be heavy, inactive 
birds, and little able to capture the winged insects that constitute 
their principal food. I could never observe that this bird 
deetrayed others siualler than itself, or even fed upon flesh. I 
have hung up dead young bird'', and even parts of them, near 
their nests, but never found that they were touched by the 
Shrike. Yet it appears that it must be a butcher too, and that 
the name bestowed on it by Gesner two hundred and fifty years 
ago, was not lightly given. My peighbor's gamekeeper kill.s it 
s a bird of prjy, an I tells ttt3 he bas kaowo it draw the weak 




bird); and in affection 
for his young he is sur- 
passed by no other. 
He associates with thera 
in the latter part of 
he summer, the whole 
I'amily hunting in com- 
iiaiiy. He attacks the 
'araest liawk or eagle 
in their defence, with a 
Hisolution truly aston- 
ishing; so that all of 
them respect him, and, 
m every occasion, de- 
ll ne the contest. As 
he snows of winter ap- 
roach, he descends 
(rom the mountainous 
forests, and from the 
regions of the north, to 
the more cultivated 
pirts of the country, 
hovering about our hedgerows, orchards, and meadows, and 
disappears again early in April." 



CRUEL —I have been~recently much affected at the sight 
of a dead female woodchuck, that some unfeeling sportsman 
had shot, probably to try his skill as a marksman. The young 
woodchucks were tryins" 



to suck sustenance from their lifeless 



mother. They perished. Are not men more crue! than 
brutes? 

Keep God's cominandipcuts and you will be happy. 






{^ 



ld 



ISO 



Cr TJ "^r E JNT I Hi EI IISrSTi^TJOTOI^. 



.13 



r^* 



®iogtiaji|tth 



931 






THE 




REDICTIONS such as Joseph made^ 
and which we have pubUshed in previous 
numbers, respecting the Saints removing 
to the Ilocky Mountains, could not be 
uttered without causing him to reflect 
upon and endeavor to prepare for the 
future. At councils which were held by 
himself and the leading Elders the subject 
of removing to the far distant West was 
frequently discussed. At that time all 
this country was known as Upper California, 
and belonged to Mexico. Oregon was a part 
of British America. The Un.ted Slates held no 
jurisdiction over these regions. But Joseph was 
desirous that they should. He could readily fore 
see the advantages which the Saints would derive 
from living under a republican government; besides 
: he felt that these lands properly belonged to this 
Kcpublic. It was with this ieeling that he addressed 
a Memorial to the Senate and House of Representatives 
at Washington, asking them to pass an Ordinance which 
he sent with the M morial, and which he entitled: "An 
Ordinance for the protection of the citizens of the United 
States emigrating to the adjoining Territories, and lor the 
extension of the principles of uni\ersal liberty." Of course 
his own views connected with the reuioval of the Saints to the 
West were not mentioned. 'J here was no necessity lor him to 
make them public. There was too much j alou^y already 
entertained by many persons against him and the Saints. 
Joseph's enemies tried to make the world believe that Ive was 
a very ambitious man and that be was desirous of leaguing 
with the Indians ana establishing an independent government. 
Had ti.ey known that he thought of going into tbe liocky 
Mountains, they would have said that be thouj:ht of moving 
there with the intention of cariying out the design of which 
they accused him. 
The preamble of this Ordinance read as follows: 

"Wliereas many of the citizens of Ihesn United States have 
migrated unci aieinig' aiing to Texas, Oregon and other land.s 
contiguous to tliis nation; and w/iercas Texas has declared 
herself tree and iiideijerident, wiiliout the necessary power to 
protect l>ei- rights and liberties; and u/iti-cati Uregon is without 
any organized go\"einiiient, and those wlio emigrate tliiliier 
Hre exposed to foreign inv:ision and domestic feuds; aitd irhci cas 
the Orci;on, by geojira|)liical location and discovejy moreri;;lu- 
liilly brlon.;s"to tliese Unite I Slates than to any other general 
governmiMH; and whereas it is necessary that the emigrants 
of that newly selling territory sliould receive protection; and 
irhcrtas the Te.xian govemnieiit has jjetitioned the United 
Stales to be 7-fM-oived iiiooni Vidon, lint vet retains lier natioia 
existence; and ulicrca.s the United .states remember with giaii- 
tndethe sensonable su|jport they received in a like situation 
from a La Fayette; and n/ierca.^ the ijniti d States desires losee 
the principles of her tree institutions extended to all men, 
es|je<'iilly where it can be don" without ihe loss of blood and 
treasure to tlie nation; anil ir/icrcn.s i\ier(' iMinaliiiost boiiiiilless 
extent of territory on the west and south of Ihese United Stat' s, 
where e.xists little or no org miz lion of proteclivi^ government; 
and nheyean the lands thus unknown, unowned, or uiioccU|iieil, 
are ainon;; siiiie of the ruthesl and most fertile of the contmen ; 
and wlicrcns many o the ii.h tbilanis of ihe Unionwould gl.idiy 
enibracj the opportunity of e.Miuling their researclies and 
ae()uireTncnts so soon as t'ley can receive pnitection in their 
enterprise, ilieroby adding strength, durability, and wealth to 
the nation; and wJicrcaa the red man, II e rolibcr, and the des- 
perado have frequently interrupted such research and acquisi- 



tion without justifiable cause; and whereas Joseph Smith lias 
oir red and does hereby otter these United States, to show Ids 
loyalty to our Confederate Union and the Constitution of our 
llepuiilie; ^o prevent quarrel and bloodshed on our frontiers; 
to exienii the arm of deliverance to Texas; to protect the 
inhabitants of Oregon from I'oreisjn agi;ression and domestic 
broils; to prevent the croivned nntions from encircling us as a 
nation on our western and southern borders, and save the 
eafile's talon from the lion's paw; to still the tongue of slander, 
and .show the world that a Hepublic can be, and not be ungrate- 
ful; to open the vast regions of the unpeopled west a7id south 
to our enlightened and enterprising yeotwanry; to protect them 
in their researches; to secure them m their locations, and thus 
strengthen the government antl enlarge Iter borders; Jo extend 
her inli'.ience; to inspire the nations with the spirit of freedom 
and win them to her standard; to promote intelligence; to culti- 
vate and establish peace among all with whom we may liave 
intercourse as neighbors; lo settle all existing diflScullies among 
those not organized into an acknowledged government border- 
ing upon the United Slates and Territoiies; to save the national 
revenue in the nation's coffers; to supersede the necessity of a 
standing army on our western and southern frontiers; to create 
and maintain the principles of peace and suppress mobs, 
insurrections, and oppression in Oregon and all lands bolder- 
ing upon the United Slates and not incorporated into any 
acknovvledijed national government; to explore the unexplored 
regions of our continent; to open new fields for enterprise to 
our citizens and protect them therein; to search out the anli- 
quities of the land, and thereby promote the arts and .sciences, 
and general information; ;o amalgamate the feelings of all with 
whom he may have intercourse on the principles of equity, 
liberty, justice, hnnianity, and benevolence; to break down 
tj'ianny and oppression, and exalt the standard of universal 
peace; provided he shall be protected in those rights and privi- 
leges which constitutionally belong to every citizen of this 
Republic; t/iere/orc, the said memorialist may have the privi- 
lege, and that no citizen of the United States shall obstruct, or 
attempt to obstruct or hinder, so good, so great, so ■noble an 
enterprise to carry out those plans and principles as set forth 
in this preamble, and be shielded from every opposition by 
evil and designing men." 

Following the preamble wore five sections, the first of which 
empowered Joseph to raise a company of one hundred thousand 
volunteers in the United States and Territories, at such times 
and places, and in such numbers, as he should find necessary 
and convenient for the purposes set forth in the preamble. In 
another section he was constituted a member of the army of 
these United States, and authorized him to act as such in the 
United States and Territories, and on all lands bordering upon 
them, provided they were not within the acknowledged juris- 
diction of any acknowledged national government. Another 
section ordained that he should not disturb the peace of any 
nation or government acknowledged as such, break the faith 
of treaties between the United States and another nation, or 
violate any known law of nations, thereby endangering the 
peace of the United States. 

This petition was dated March 26th, 1S44. Joseph also pre- 
pared a Memorial to his Excellency John Tyler, the President 
of the United States, embodying the same sentiments as were 
contained in the petition, to be used if the other should fail. 
(To be Continued.) 



jL:]vnoiNrc3- 



For the Juvenile Instrnctor. 

THE IGEBET^GS. 
CHAP T E II I \ . 



A K.\y.\CK — ESQUIMAU.X. 



WE arc now drawing mar Davis's Straits and Cape Farewell 
is on our starboard quarter. If our little readers will 
look on the map in their geographies they will see all these 
lilaces that are mentioned and will more tliorotigl ly understand 
the course we are taking, and by thisincaus they will also get a 
more thorough knowledge of geograpliy, and as much as we 
would like to amuse them with pleasing inc. dents connected 
with this imaginary voyage, wc want them to learn something 






=^^t! 



-,^^ 



J" u -v" E isr i: !-■ E in^STi^v-urcToi^ 



131 



about the rountrj', and tiy and remember all the straits, capes, 
bays, etc. , that we may | ass on our -way, and bo able to tell just 
where they are situated and of what land they form a part. 
Cape Farewell is at the south rn extremity of Greenland, and 
-Davis' Straits connect Balfin's Bay with the Atlantic Ocean. 
Having completed this much of our voyage wo are siill anxious 
to continue further and learn more of these almost uninhabitable 
regions that f irtii a part of our gl be. 

To-day the icebergs made their appearance again; we look 
upon them as our enemies. At leas.t they have not proven 
themselves our friends, notwithstanding we came so far to see 
them and make their acquaintance. How m:ijestically they 
look down upon u-,as much as to say "what little things you are. 
If you are not on your guard there is a certain friend of ours 
with whom we are on terms of great iniimacy, who will seize 
you in his grasp and make your ears and toes tingle. Jack 
Frost is his name." Ah, yes, we have heard of the gentleman; 
he sometimes visits our country, and we believe him to be gudty 
of doing just such things as you mention; that is when he has 
tlie liberty, but we have always guarded ourselves against him. 
Now, Mr. Iceberg, I suppose you think that Jack Frost is mon 
arch of all he surveys, and because he has succeeded in making 
you so great and mighty, he can do anything that he takes a 
notion to, even to freezing up the Juvenile Arctic Expedition; 
but you are verj' much mistaken. We have no notion of yielding 
ourselves up to his influence in any such a manner, happily lor 
us we know how to insure ourselves against his attacks. 

The night has entirely left us and we have no more darkness but 
light continually. To-day the sun sets after ten, but he does 
not get far enough away to leave us in the dark; he stays away 
until about two o'clock, when he appears again, and in the 
meanwhile we have about four hours' twilight. How strange 
this would seem in our country; to have light and no darkness 
for months at a time, and then a change from light to continual 
darkness! But this is a peculiarity of the Frigid Zones. At 
the poles the day and night are each six months long, and, 
consequently, there is but one day and night in all the year. 
To think of retiring for the night and yet have no night. It 
seems almost impossible to close our eyes in sleep while the sun 
is peering in at us. In the language of an Arctic voyager, we 
miss that -soothing tranquilizer, thedear olddarkness. "Indeed," 
he says, "lean hardly, as I give way to sleep, bid the mental 
good-night which travelers like to send from their darkened 
pillows to friends at home." 

We are now coming in sight of the mountainous coast of 
Greenland, and there is the peak of Sukkertoppen, shaped like 
a sugar loaf, with its top whitened with snow. This peak is a 
well known landmark, and in clear weather may be seen many 
miles out to sea. As we approach the land something is seen 
moving at a rapid rate through the water: we cannot make out 
what it is; sucli a queer looking object; appears to have great 
horns and flapping wings. We ^eel anxious for, yet almost 
fearful of, its ajiproaoh. At last it gains the side of our vessel, 
and we find it to be the Kayack of the Greenlanders, and a 
sfrange piece of workmanship it is. A sort of frame work, 
shaped like a canoe and entirely covered with seal skin. Upon 
closer inspection we find it to be really beautiful and graceful. 
It i> Ijoth air and water tight, with the exception of a small hole 
nearly in the centre, in which an Esquimaux is snugly en'scoiiced. 
As we have come to see all there is to be seen in this oountiy, 
and learn all we can of its inhabitants, we must not omit a visit 
on shore. By a few signs and motions we give our new found 
acquaintincB to understand that wj wish him to pilot the way 
to his village, and while we are launching our little boats and 
))rc|)ar ng to get aboard of them, he watches us with a great 
(leal of curiosity, and eyes every movement with keen interest. 
lie evidently thinks his manner of navigating tlie seas far 



superior to ours, and his water craft a far superior piece if 
workmanship to the one we are about to enter, but as that is a 
question which wo have neither time nor inclination to decide 
we wdl not bring it under discussion. We are more intere.stcd 
just now with our proposed vi.sit to, and examination of his 
home on terra Jirma, and by the way he glides over the water 
and beckons us to follow him, he is either very anxious for us 
to have a view of his mode of living, or else he is desirous of 
displaying his ability in managing the Kayack, for before we 
are hardly aware of it, we are ready to land. 

Soon we are met by the inhabitants; the men, women and 
children of the whole village come out to meet us. The men 
take the lead, or fill up the first rank; the women with their 
inlants on their backs come next, and after them come the 
children, followed by the dogs, all howling together. Seal-meat 
is a great article of food with the Esquimaux, great quantities 
of this are spread out on the rocks.to dry. Oil and grea.se are 
smeared over everything, not only on the dogs' coats, but their 
masters as well, and filth seems to characterize everything we 
come in conta' t with. 

What a mess of human beings these Esquimauxsare! Father, 
mother, grandfather and children; teakettles, boxes, rifles and 
litters of puppies all in one hovel together. We are thankful 
that our l^t is not cast among them, and that God has given 
us knowledge and understanding that we may not grope in filth 
and ignorance as do these people whom we are visiting. The 
summer they spend in the reindeer tent, and their winters in 
the subterranean hut, a sort of underground house covered 
with earth, skins, mosses and other thing.s. They have one 
small opening which serves as the only window. Oftentimes 
three or four families reside in one of these huts, which is only 
about sixteen feet square. But it is time to return to the ves- 
sel and our captain, who, if we tarry much longer, will think 
we have taken up our abode with the intention of remainino- 
the rest of our days, and bidding farewell to a higher state of 
civilization. Therefore we say, adieu, Esquimaux and Esqui- 
maux habitations; we do not crave an existence in your midst 
there is nothing inviting about you or your surroundings. 

. R-UITHA. 

( To be Continued) 




I'LL KEEP MY EYES SHUT.-A writer in the Young 
Pilgrim tells this incident: 

Little Henry had been quite sick. When he was slowly re- 
covering, and just able to be up and about the room, he was 
left alone a short time, when his =ister came in eating a piece 
of cake. Henry's mother had told him he must eat noth- 
ins but what she gave him, and that it would not be safe for 
him to have what the other children did till he was stronger. 

His appetite was coming back; the cake looked invitin"; he 
wanted veiy much to take a bite of it, and his kind sister would 
gladly have given it to him. What did he do? 

"Jennie," said he, "j'ou must run right out of the room 
from me with that cake, and I'U keep mij ci/t^ shut while you 
go, so that I shan't want it." 

Wasn't that a good way for a boy of seven years to get out 
of temptation? I think so. And when I heard of it, I thought 
that there are a great many times when children — and grown 
people too — if they would remember little Henry's waj', would 
Cacape from sin aud trouble. 



Do but the half of what you can, and you will be surprised 
at the result of your own diligence. 

It is easier to blame others than io do better oursolvc.?. 



,2^^- 




^^ 



J -9 , 



13S 



CTTj-v^EinsrirjE] uststiS/TJOToi^ 



'^i 



iJTte SMtniU ittstrticfoc. 

IT' f 






GE011GI3 Q. CA-IVIVOIV, : EOITOTt. 

SATURDAY, AUGUST 14, 1869. 
EDITOi^I^A^IL TSIOTJG-HCTS. 




VERY nation has its proverbs and familiar 
sayings. Of tliese very many' are wise, 
some are very foolish, whilst a few are but 
incentives to sin, and excuses for the evil 
doer. Such a one, as these last, is the 
French proverb, often quoted to the young, 
the thoughtless or inexperienced, in its 
English form: "the first step does not count." 
Now, far from believing any such a .state 
nient, we are satisfied th:it the first step counts 
' far more than any following one; for he who 
I'er takes the first step can never take a second, 
never reach his jouiney's end, any more than 
wlio never makes the first move, right or 
wrong, can never make a seconl one in that same di- 
rection. 

"Come, boys," cries a fast youth, "let us go and 
take a drink. 

"I nover did drink anything but pure water," 
replies one of his companions, "and don't wish to now, I 
might become a drunkard in time, who knows?" 

"Nonsense," urges the other; "come and have just one glass, 
the first step don't count, you know." But he to whom the 
temptation is offered reflects that "he who never drinks, never 
will be drunk; he who sometimes drinks may be." It is the 
Jlrst glaas that has ruined every man who has become a drunk- 
ard. 

"Come to the billiard hall and have a game," says a young 
man to his fiiend. 

"No; I object to anything lik? gambling," is the reply. 
"Oh, just come along this time, have one game, the first 
step does not count, and even if you do not play, step in and 
look on." 

"Not so," says the other, "he who never goes into a gambling 
saloon, never will gamble, and he who never gambles never 
loses; but he who goes to observe may gamble, and he who 
gambles will surely lose. ' ' 

True, he may not always lose money, but he will lose what 
is of far higher value, his good name, his moral habits and 
his self-respect. He will realize that he has entered upon that 
path which at the first "seenieth right unto a man, but the end 
thereof are the ways of death." 

None of you are too young to understand that, if the poor 
thief who is now spending his lingering years in a prison, had 
never done the fir.st dishonest deed he never would have been 
a thief; if the drunkard who dies in a di ch, and leaves a family 
to starve, had never tasted the first glass, he would, to-day, 
have boon a sober man. 

And again, on the other hand, if the prophet Joseph Smith 
h id never uttered his first prayer of heartfelt confidence, and 
simple love to the great Father of all, he never would have seen 
God, angels never would have ministered to him, nor would 
be have received the everlasting gospel and been endowed with 
the Holy Priesthood, nor should we to-day, be partakers of the 
bles.sings of the Church of Christ Did we not know that tie 
hand of the Lord was in all this, and His power was brooding 



over the young boy, who became Heaven's first scholar in this 
age and dispensation, we might, in wonder, repeat the words 
of the poet: 

"What great events from trivial causes spring." 
Now,boys and girls, when tempted to do wrong, never believe 
that "the first step does not count," for if. will count to your 
peace of mind, your happiness hereafter, and your salvation 
at last, if you refuse the temptation and do ut)t take even the 
first step on the road to ruin. 



For the Juvenile Instructor 



ID ^Tv^ ^ K. iF S 



NOW for the Pigmies! Tom Thumb, and his lady. Com- 
modore Nutt and Miss Jlinnie Warren having just paid 
a visit to Utah, a few words about the little folks may be 
pleasing to our readers. 

There are all sorts of stories in existence that have floated 
about for hundreds of years of nations of pigmies living upon 
the earth. They are generally located in .some out of the way 
place, not easily reached, such as the central regions of Africa, 
or the interior of Asia A traveler on these continents about 
five bundled years ago, talks of a certain land where the men 
were only three spans long. He describes this people a^ being 
fair and gentle, and states that they married when six months 
old. Their average age being about six or seven years, a man 
who lived over eight years was considered very old. They had 
a contempt for average sized men, aiid made such their "hewers 
of wood and drawers of water." 

Dwarfs were often kept by great personages in ancient times 
for amusement, as some pi-ople now keep monkiys. The 
Romans had an especial liking for them. iMark Antony had 
one, not two feet in height, but a very smart fellow for all that. 
In more modern times dwarfs were favorites in king's palaces. 
King James I. of England, is said to have knighted one named 
Jeffrey Hudson. That is he gave him the title of "AtV" before 
his name, so thathe was called Sir Jeff'rey Hudson, and like very 
many other little folks put on airs and thought himself very 
important. Once upon a time like the "four and twenty black- 
birds," spoken of in the nursery rhyme, he was "baked in a 
pie," or perhaps it would be nearer the truth to .'ay he was 
served up in a large pie, that had been baked before he was 
put into It, and when the pie was opened, instead of meat or 
fruit out jumped Mr. Hudson. 

In 1710 Peter the Great of Russia, gave a grand party at 
St. Petersburg, on the occassion of the marriage of two dwarfs. 
He gave orders that all the dwarfs living within two hundred 
miles of that city should attend. About seventy of these little 
creatures came to the wedding. Everv thing was provided on 
a small scale, a low table held small plates, dishes, glafses, etc. 
After dinner dancing became the order of the day, led off by 
the bridegroom, who was three feet two inches high. 

In 1739, there was born in Polish Russia a baby only eight 
inches high. It was called Joseph Borulawske, and bore the 
title of count. At fifteen he was only two feet one inch in 
height, and only grew three inches more during his life. He is 
represented as being a hand.sorae, well made, agreeable little 
fellow, with nothing but his size to make him appear different 
to other men. He enjoyed good health, drank nothing but 
water, ate li'tle, slept well, could bear a good d- ul of fatigue, 
was a good dancer and very nimble, he also possessed a good, 
sound judgment. He married a Freni-h lady, and lived till 
1839. being at the time of his death ninety-eight years old. 

There is but one allusion ujnde to dwarfs in the Bible, and 
that is in the 20th chapter of Leviticus, where the Lord forbids 
any dwarf to approach the altar "to ofler the bread of his 
God." O. R. 




J" TJ ^ E ITI 31. E I2srSTI?.TJOTOie/. 



133 









for the Juvenile Inatruttor. 

G-3LiE. A.JSr iIsrQ-> 

HERE IS a very induslrious giil, and no doubt a very good 
one, for most industrious ones are. She is gleaning. 
Perhaps you don't understand that word. It moans that she 
is gathering up the scattered stalks of wheat that the men have 
let fall and lie in the field when they cut the wheat, and bound 
it into bundles as you see in the picture. It i.'s not wrong for 
her to take the wheat, because it would be wasted; and God 
used to command His people who were well off, to let the poor 
come and glean in their fields, and not to be too particalar 
about gathering up every bit of their grain, but leave some so 
that the poor who were industrious might be able to get some 
bread to eat. You see, the Lord did not tell (he rich to har- 
vest their wheat, get it thrashed, and then take it round to the 
poor people, because this would have encouraged the poor to be 
idle and always remain poor. But the Lord says everybody 
who can, must work 
at something. Even 
the blind and the 
lame can learn to do 
a great many things 
that are useful. This 
little girl, j'ou see, is 
veiy useful, and, no 
doubt, gathers suffi- 
cient wheat to make 
bread for her mother 
and little brothers 
and sisters as well as 
herself. Don't you 

think they will love her very much and praise her when she 
comes home with her armful of w heat? Perhaps you do not 
need to go into the field and glean; but you .should learn to do 
something useful, or else you will be an "idler in Zion " and 
the Lord says he is not pleased with such. You may ask, 
"What can a little girl like me do?" Oh, a great many things. 
Y'^ou can learn to braid straw and make yourself a little hat, or 
knit yDur stockings; or if your little fingers are too small for 
this at present, you can feed the chickens, pick up the chips, 
fetch your papa's slippers, and do a great many little love er- 
rands for j'our mamma, which will make her feel very happy. 

Now, there is a very pretty story in the Bible about a good 
young woman named Kuth, who went to glean in a fluid belong- 
ing to a man named Boaz, whom she afterwards married; and 
if you cannot read it yourself, you can get your elder sister or 
mother to read it for you. And you will find that the Lord 
blesses good and industrious people. 




For the Juvenile Instmcior, 



%\t\xd%%%l al €ommott ®|ittg0 



OHXiOi?>i3sr:E3. 



THIS element is a heavj>, green colored gas. The frord 
chlorine means "green." It is obtained readily from com- 
mon salt, for which reason it was formerly called "spirit of 
salt." It is also called "muriatic acid." We have seen how 
ammonia is formed; hydrogen combined with nitrogen. Hydro- 



gen will also combine with chlorine, forming hj»dro'Chloric acid) 
or, as it is often called "muriatic acid.'' 

Both of these bodies are gasosi Let us prove this. Take a 
little pure water, that is distilled water; for in nature there is 
no such thing as chemically pure water found. Take two small 
vessels, watch glasses will do. Put a little pure Water into each. 
To the water of one add a drop of concentrated solution of 
ammonia, to that of the other add a drop of hydio-clilorif acid. 
Allow them to stand on the stove to evaporate. There is no 
solid matter left, all has passed off in the form of gas. Hut, 
suppose we mix the hydro-chloric acid and ammonia, thou 
chemical union takes place, and, upon evaporating the water, 
a white, solid substance remains — "sal ammoniac," or hydrr- 
chlorate of ammonia. This substance may be procured from 
the druggl-sts to experiment with. If, for instance, we would 
show that the volatile ammonia is in thai substance we may 
readily do so by mixing it with slacked lime, when its pungent 
odor will prove its presence. The change which takes jila've 
is, the hydro-chloric acid unites with the lime to form chloride 
of liuie, when the ammaiiia is set free as a gas. 

Chlorine unites with oxygen, hydrogen and nitrogen; it also 
unites with lime, forming "bleaching powder.'j," and with pot- 
ash, forming "chlorate of potash," a substance of great use in 
the manufacture of lueifer matches. To prepare this substance 
for coating matches it is mixed with some combustible matter, 
such as sulphur, phosphorus or charcoal; (loaf sugar is used 
for the sake of its carbon ) These mixtures are very dangerous 
to handle, as they explode with friction, and even spontaneously. 
That mixture used by mutch makers is prepared with great 
care, so that there is really no danger unless the Inatches are 
rubbed with violence. 

Chlorine and nitrogen form a fearfully explosive substance^ 
it is probable that many of the phenomena connected with 
earthquakes have their origin in the action of chlorine upon 
sal ammoniac. This is not wonderful when we know that all 
the combustible elements exist ia the rocks of the mountains in 
great abundance, and that there arc many disturbing agencies 
to bring them together, principally by the action O' water. One 
of the compounds of chlorine with nitrogen and oxj'gen foimg 
the celebrated "aqua-regia" of the alchemists; viz: muriatic 
acid and aqua-fortis, or in modern language hydro-chioric and 
nitric acids. This will dissolve gold. The alchemists performed 
many striking experiments with this fiuid in an age when great 
chemical ignorance was common. By adding a solution of gold 
to lead and melting it in a crucible, which was generally done 
with a great many incantations to deceive the spectator, the 
gold in the transparent solution would form a solid ingot, for 
gold cannot be destroyed by fire. Many wonderful accounts of 
changes(transmutations)arerecordedin the old chronicles. Evin 
now-a-days there are some who believe in transmuting the 
"baser" meta's, lead, iron, copper,etc ,into the "nobler* metals 
— silver and gold. 

As to the Way in which the chlorine of common .saltseparals 
from sodium to aid in some of the wonderful operations which 
are going on in our mountains, that must be deferred until We 
seek aft«r the source of heat for oUr "Warm Springs " We 
shall also see how the sat in our lake is formed. We shall 
find that chlorine is a busy body not only helping to dige.?t the 
substances which build up our bodies, but helping also to digest 
the hardest rocks and bring about some of the mightiest oper- 
ations and most important changes in the earth. BtTH. 



Toads are sold in Paris at the rate of flft.v cehts a dozen. 
The animal is used for the protection of vineyards and gardens 
from the ravages of in;ccts that escape the pursuit of the birds. 



^ 




134= 



J""Cr"VE:tTILE] IILTSTI^/TJO'X'OI^. «^ 




-For the Juvenile Instructor. 



ti«I« Willie. 



CHAPTER XV, 



LITTLE WILIJE GROWN TO JIANIIOOD. 



WILLIE traveled in the vicinity of Knaresborougli for 
several uiontbs, going fioni town to town, village to 
village, and bouse to bouse, distiibuting iianipblets; bolding 
conveisations witb the people and to the utmost of bis ability 
tiying to extend a knowledge of the truth. 

He bad opened up many preaching places, gained many 
friends, and, in comparison witb the first part of bis mission^ 
bis path bad become tolerably smooth. 

All at once the scene changed; most of the places opened for 
preaching were closed. JNIany of bis friends now turned their 
backs upon him, and dark clouds seemed to be gatlie.ing around 
him. Mow be turned bis steps towards a 'mall village where 
he thought he had friends Irom whom be could surely receive 
a little comfort. But to his great astonishment a family who 
had heretoibre treated liim with great kindness, now lorbade 
him their house. He now called upon another family who had 
alio been friendly; here he received a repetition of insult, which 
made bis visit very short and unpleasant. He visited a third 
family and received similar treatment. A ministerof the Meth- 
odist cburch bad poisoned theirmindsagainst the truth, and by 
means of base slander, turned Willie's friends into enemies. 

Hungry, faint, and weary, Willie left this village, and after 
walking some distance sat down to rest beneath some tall trees 
that were growing by tbe fence on the side of the road. While 
sitting here one of his teeth commenced acliing, which afflicted 
him veiy much. Daik clouds above bead were gathering, and 
the rain bad already began to fall. Everv circumstance seemed 
to aid in deepening the gloominess of Willie's condition. Tbe 
tempter thou^lit tliis bis most I'avorable opportunity, and whis- 
pered "You would do better to go home than to remain here 
in this plight, wandering from town to town, like an outcast. 
Yo'i are hungry and faint, and no one will give you food. It 
is stormy and you are cold and wet, and no one will give you 
shelter. You are without money and without friends. Go 
liome or you will perish. Besides you have talent, and were 
you to go home you migiit perhaps obtain a good situation, 
have plenty ol' pocket money, enjoy life, and mingle witb the 
gay young men wlio were tbe com|ianions of your boyish days. 
JN'ow, reflect before you go farther; weigh the matter well. 
Here is pain, there is pleasure. Here is want, there is plenty." 
Willie now thought of bis resolution never to retu'n borne 
until recalled by those who sent liim, and be still ti^lt determined 
to carry it out; ncvertbeless he fi;lt much cast down in his feel- 
ings and it also occurred to bis mind that although he Lad been 
oa b s mi.ssion for a considerable length of time be bad only 
baptized one person, tbe tbureh warden of Faceby. Willie 
could not .see that be bad aceompli.-jhed much during tbe many 
months he bad been traveling, and be now knelt down upon 
tbe grass, and, in childlike simplicity and hear:-l(jlt words, be 
prajed to (iod: "Oh Father, wliy are tliere no fruits lo my 
lubo--? What is the reason that nearly all my fiicnds have 
f irsakcn me, that neatly every door is clo.scd against me? Is 
the fault in me, Tby servant? Sho\y 'it unto mo, and I will 
repent of it. lleveal unto me the right way, and 1 will walk 
tlierein. Witness unto me that my labors are accepted of Thee, 
and by Thy help I will remain at the jiost of duty tbougli all 




the world bate me. Give unto me Tby iayor, and my soul shall 
be sati.sfiod." 

A gentle whisper came, as though it was from his guardiafi 
angel, "This is the day of trial, be faithful and it will soon be 
past. ' ' 

Willie ro.se to bis feet feeling much refieshed, and with a 
testimony in liis heart that God and the hosts of heaven were 
his frirnds. He now went to a jdace called Skelton. Here 
friends were raised up who administered to him in his n':'cc.s.sities, 
and tbe Methodi.^ts invited him to preach in their chapel. 
Willie accepted the invitation and bore a faithful testimony to 
tbe truth. Many persons in the congregation wksbed him to 
make another appointment and preach there again, but the 
minister objected. A gentleman invited Willie to preach in bis 
bouse if they would not allow him the chapel again, and an 
appointment was made accordingly for the following week. A 
number of other bouses were opened for preaching in the vil- 
lages (or three or four miles around Skelton, and whenever 
Willie lia 1 an appointment to preach at any of tbetn Mr. John 
Gumming-, the gentleman above referred to, was sure to be 
present, who invariably invited Willie to accompany him home. 

Mr. Cummings had formerly spent considerable of his hard 
earnings for liquor, which bad detracted much from the comfort 
of his family. He bad now become sober, and bad not drank 
any liquor since his first acquaintance with Willie. All his 
earnings now went borne to make bis family comfortable. His 
reformation and tbe increased benefits enjoyed by his frmily 
were patent to all the neighborhood. 

Notwithstanding the reformation that had taken place in 
Mr. Cummings' character, and tbe greatly improved condition 
of his family, Mrs. Cummings' heart was hardened by tlie 
power of Satan to become a bitter emjmy to Wi lie. He could 
discern that she did not make liim welcome in the absence of 
her husband, but notwithstanding all her hardness and perverse- 
ness, Mr. Cummings continued to be Willie's friend, and they 
often would sit up till nearly midnight conversing about tbe 
principles of the gospe'. (Jne night Mrs. C, who had been 
sitting in a pensive mood listening to the conversation, at one 
of tbe intervals remarked: 

"Last night I had a very singular dream. I dreamed that I 
was traveling on a road, and on looking back I discovered Mr. 
VV. (Willie) running after me. I tried to e.scape, but, notwith- 
standing all my elForts, he overtook me." 

Willie answered: "That dream will be fulfilled, and the 
interpretation of it is that I shall soon baptize 3'ou. " 

Mrs. C. — "No, sir, that can never be. I shall never be a 
Latter-day Saint." 

\Villic.-"Timo will tell." AYm. W. B. 

{To be Continued.) 



Ts:: 






I'^roiii "Tr.iuMi'rt.s of Invention and Discovery." — I'ub- 
lishcd by T. Nelson ct' Soils. 



' N the Stock'ng W( 



Ha 



Eedcross Street, London, 



1' 

X tbero used to hang a picture, representing a man in collegiate 

costume in the act ol' pointing to an iron stocking frame, and 
addressing a woiuiin busily knitting with needles by band. 
Underneath the picture appeared tbe following inscription: 
"In tbe year 1,'>.S9, the ingenious William Lee, A.M., of St. 
-John's College, Cambridge, devised this profitable art fur stock- 
ings (but, being despised, wu«t to France), yet of iron to himself, 
but (o us and to others of gold; in memoiy ^f whom this is 
here painted." As to who this ^Villiam Lee waS^. and the way in 



I 




«r, 



CTTJ^El^ILE II>rSTI?.TJGTOI?/. 



wliich he came to invent the stocking frame, there are conflicting 
stories, but tlie one most generally received and test authenti- 
cated is as follows; — 

William Lee, a native of Woodborough, near Nottingham, 
was a fellow of one of the Cambridge Colleges. He fell in 
love with a young country hiss, married her and coiisoquently 
forfeited his fellowship. A jiour scholar, with much learning, 
but without money or the knowledge of any trade, he found 
himself in very embarrassed circumstances. Like matiy another 
"poor scholar," he might exclaim: — 

•'All tho arts I hive skill in, 
Divine and hiiiiiniii'; 
Yet all"s not wurth a sliilling; 
Alas! poor scholar, wither wilt thou go?" 

His wife, however, was a very industrious woman, and by her 
knitting contributed to their joint support. It is said that when 
Lee was courting her, she always appeared so much more occu- 
pied with her knitting than with the soft speeches he was 
whispering in hvr ear, that her lover more than once tliought 
of i:iventing a machine that would "facilitate and forward the 
operation of knitting," and so leave the object of his love more 
leisure to converse with liini. "Love, indeed," says Beckmann, 
"is fertile in invention, and gave rise, it is said, to the art of 
painting, but a machine so complex in its parts, and so wonder- 
ful in its effects, would seem to re<tuire longer and greater 
reflection, more judgment, and more time and patience than 
could be expected of a lover." But afterwards, when Leo, in 
liis painfully enforced idleness, sat many a long hour watching 
his wife's nimble Sngei'S toiling to support him, his niind again 
recurred to the idea of a machine that would give rest to her 
weary fingers. His cogitations resulted in the contrivance of 
a stocking frame, which imitated the movements of the fingers 
in knitting. 

Although the invention of this loom gave a great impulse to 
the inanufactuie of silk .•■toekings in England and p'aced that 
countr3''s productions in advance of those of other countries, 
Lee reaped but little profit from it. He met with neglect both 
from Quecu Elizabeth and .James L; and, not succeeding as a 
manufacturer on bis own account, went to France, where he 
did very well until after the assassination of Henry IV., when 
lie shared the persecutions of the Protestants, and died in great 
distress in Paris. 

(To be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



THERE was a party given for the little folks, in the school, 
house; and a few of the young brethren and sisttrs were 
invited to attend, to take care of the children and teach them 
to dance. 

A little boy who was considered too young to be (rusted in 
such a place, without some one to look alter him, had set big 
heart on going; but the sister who always attended him was ill 
and could not go. Consequently, an argument between our lit. 
tie hero and the rest of the family took place. 

He was very sorry his sister was sick; had much rather she 
would accompany him; but, as she could not, he wanted to go 
by himself But his mo'her dared not trust bim; the boys of 
the settlement were i-o wild and rough, he would be almost sure 
to get hurt, .she said. To lhis,the child replied: "Mother, 
ever since I have been old enough to understand what is meanj. 
by prayer, I ask our Heavenly Father to take care of me; more 
jmrtiouUirly v/hen it is not convenient for the rest of you to do 
it; and I know He always hears va\ 1 am not at all afraid; but 
if jou K:iy I must not go well." 




The mother could object uo longer; she was convinced. 

The little fellow was soon prepared to go, when his si ter 
taking him in her arms, silently commended him to that care 
in which he trusted; and determined not to forget the sweet lit- 
tle lesson his childish faith had taught. 

He went to the party, and enjoyed himsel "tip-top," so he 
said; and, moreover, met with no accident or disappointment. 

kialt Lake City, June 7th, 1S60. Lula. 






HIS 



A TOUCHING STOPtY. 



M' 



Y name is Anthony Hunt. I am a drover, and I live miles 
and miles away upon the western prairie. 

One day about ten years ago, I went away from home to sell 
some tiJty head of cattle — fine creatures as ever I saw. I was 
to buy some groceries and dry goods before I came back, and 
above all, a doll for our youngest IJolly. She had never'had a 
store doll of her own, only the rag babies her mother had nude 
her. 

Dolly could talk of nothing else, and went down to the very 
gate to call after me to 'buy a big one.' Nobody but a parent 
could understand how i'ull my mind was of that toy, and how, 
when the cattle were sold, the first thing 1 hurried ofi' to buy 
was Dolly's doll. I found a large one, with eyes that would open 
and shut when you pulled a wire, and had it wrapped in paper 
and tucked it under my arm while I had the parcels of calico 
and delaine and tea and sugar put up. Then, late as it was, 
I started for home. It urght have been more prudent to stay 
until morning, but I felt anxious to get back and eager to hear 
Dolly's prattle about her toy. 

1 was mounted on a steady going old horse of mine, and 
pretty well loaded. Night set in before I was a mile away 
from town, and settled dark as pitch while I was in the middle 
of the darkest bit of read I know of. I could have lelt my 
way though, I remembered it so well, and I was doing so, 
almost, when the storm that had been brewing broke, and 
pelted the rain in torrents, while I was yet five or six miles 
from home. 

I rode as fast as I could, but all of a sudden I heard a little 
cry like a child's voice; I stopped short and listened — I heard 
it again. I called and it answered me. I couldn't see a thing; 
all was dark as pitch. I got down and felt about the grass — 
called again, and again was answered. Then I began to won- 
der. I'm not tiuiid, but I was known to be a drover and to 
have money about me. It might be a trap to catch me una- 
wares and rob and murder me. 

I'm not superstitious — not verj'. But how could a real child 
be out on a prairie in such a night, and at such an hour? It 
might be more than human. 

The bit of a coward that hides itself in most men showed 
itself to me then, and I was half inclined to run away, but 
once moie I heard that cry, and said I: — 

"If anv man's child is hereabout, Anthony Hunt is not tho 
man to let it die." 

I searched again. At last I bethought me of a hollow under 
tho liill, and grojiing that way, sure enough, I found a little 
dripping thing that moaned and sobbed as I took it in my 
arms. I called my horse, and the beast came to me, and I 
mounted, and tucked the little thing under my coat as well as 
I could, promising to take it home to mammy. It seemed 
very tired, and pretty soon cried itself to sleep against my 
bosom. 




j"U^E!:tTiii,E xi<r&TTtuarr<D:R. 



1S6 



It had slept there over an hour when I saw my own window 
There were lights in them, and I supposed niy wife had lit 
them for my sake, but when I got into the door yard 1 saw 
something w;is the matter, and stood still with a dead fear at 
heart, five minutes before I could lift the latch. At last I did 
it, and saw my room full of neighbors, and my wife amidst 
them, weeping. 

When she saw me she hid her face. 'Oh, don't tell him,' 
she said, 'it will kill him.' 

'What is it, neighbors,' I cried. 

And one said, 'Nothing now, I hope— what's that in your 
arms?' 

'A poor, lost child,' I cried. 'I found it on the road. I lifted 
up the sleeping thing and saw the face of my own child, my 
little Dolly. 

It was my darling and none other, that I had picked up on 
the drenched road. 

IMy little child had wandered out to meet 'dacidy' and the 
dull while her mother was at work, and they were lamenting 
h r as one dead. I thanked heaven on my knees before them 
all. It is not much of a story, neighbors, but I think of it 
often in the nights, and wonder how I could bear to live now, 
if I had not stopped when I heard the cry for help upon the 
road, the little baby cry, hardly louder than a squirrel's 
chirp. — ,'ieJected. 



i^J 



sj^-^xi<TO- :Fi?.j?^c3-:M:EisrTs. 



I REMEMBER a busy man, who had very little time for 
reacing or study, but whose mind was a perfect storehouse 
of information on almost every subject. 

"How does it happen that you know so much more than the 
rest of us?" I asked him, one day. 

"0," said he, "I never had time to lay in a regular stock of 
learning, so I save all thf hi'ls that come in my way, and they 
count up a good deal in the course of a year." 

The other day I heard a little boy explaining the meaning of 
several geographical terms to his hirother. 

"Where did you learn that?" I asked, in surprise. 

"0, Miss Wells teached it to the big jography class, and 1 
ibught I'd 'member.it too," said he. 

I knew a man who could tell every wild bird by its note, and 
tell you where -it built its nest, and what color its eggs were; 
who knew every tree of the forest by its leaf and its wood; and 
could tell the name of almost eveiy flower that blossomed from 
April to October, and just when its time of blooming came. 
,\nd yet he was a busy man, too, and all these things were as 
foreign as possible from the work that kept his hands con- 
stantly occupied. His knowledge was all gained by making 
the most of fragments that came in his way. 

Save up the fragments, boys and giils, don't let anything 
worth knowing escape j'our eyes and ears. 'J'hese little floating 
seeds of thought that go sailing past you like thistle down, 
may prove as valuable as the great fields that are more care- 
fully &ov;a.—iSdcctcd. 



THE TWO FACES.-One was old and wrinkled, the other 
young and smooth, and .soft as a rose leaf; and yet, looking at 
the two facis, you would call the old one the more beautiful. 
Why? A beautiful soul gave sweetness to that face, while a 
mean and selfish soul shadowed the other. Discontent, envy, 
anger, peevishness, love of self, will, it suffered to rul" in the 
heart, gradually change the most lovely face until it becomes 
repulsive; while contentment and that love of others which 
seeks to do them g'Ood, will, in time, give to plain and unlovely 
features a, touch of beauty. It is no light saying, that "tie 
good are beautiful.^' They have beautiful souls, and, soontr 
■or kter, the soul stamps its image on the liice. — Selected. 



tlt^ti^h J^o^lny* 



LOOICIISrC3- OXJT IFOIE^ 



Watching at tbe window. 
Tired of book and toy, 

Lookinar out for mother, 
Stands our darling boy. 

"Frankie!" But be turns not; 

Does not seem to hear. 
Now liis lips are luoving! — 

"Where is mamma dear? 

"Frankie wants his mamma;" 

Almost sad the tone. 
"Why did mamma leave me. 

Her little boy, aloue?" 

ITark! A shout of gladness, 
How the white hands fly ! 

Swifter than a bird's wings 
In the clear blue sky. 

Turning from the window, 
Out through open door. 

Springing down tbe pathway, 
Crying o'er and o'er — 

"Mamma! Mamma! Mamma! 

See our dai-ling boy 
Leaping into loving arms 

In excess of joy. 

Happy little Frankie ! 

With his head at rest, 

In the peace of innocence, 

Ou his mother's breast. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

o h: -A- K. J^ ID E . 



I am composed of 6 letters. 

My 2, 3, 4, 5, C, is inspired by my 2, 3, 4, 5. 

]y]y 3, 4, 5, 6, is above. 

My 5, 4, 5, 0, is endless. 

My 2, 5, 4, 5, 6, is a mechanical force. 

My whole manufactures my 1,2, 3, 4, 5. 



Never trouble another for what you can do yourself. 



la publiKlied iu Salt Lake City, Utalj Territory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum- ••• 
Single Copy, for Six Months^ 



.$3 00 
. 150 



«9- It is expected where agents forward names they will bo responsil)le 
for the papers thus ordered; and when Cash payments are made, tliey will 
please forward tlirm with tiie letter containlnfi the names of the subserlbers. 

*a- Elder Wiu. 11 Shearman, Lo^'an, will act as General Agent for 
Cache Valley. , ... , 

»«- Grain brou'ht Xo t' is City for the Juvenile I>stbuctor will be 
reiceived at the oilicc of our paper— DesekET News Buildings. 




