



VUL 4. 



A few j-ears ago, a kiiigdoui ca led Oude could be seen on tl;e 
map of'IIiiidostan, but today this kingdom is included 
in the posse-sions of Victoria, Quoen of England and Empress 
of India, (he Biitisli having made war on th.e King of Oude, 
which war ended b}- their adding his kingdom to their already 
vast territory in the Ea>t Indies. 

The picture, with wliicli we pr.'sent our little readers to-day. 
is intended to represent a sad incident tliat oocuncd at one o( 
the elephant fights which in the days of the la:-t native king 
ofien took place for his nn^'^ "■" ■•'' 



Malleer and his foe rushed at each other with great force. 
The sound of their huge heads knocking together might have 
been hoard for nearly a half a mile around. No sooner was 
the first blow struck than both elephants commenced to push 
against each other with all their miglit. Mouth to mouth, 
tusk to tusk, bo:h trunks held high in the air. with their feet 
firmly planted in the ground, did they push and push, shove 
and shore, not with one long continued effort, but with oft- 
repeated short strokes of their unwieldy forms. Their heads 
were not withdrawn for a moment, but by first curving their 
backs atid then straightening them out again, they thr. w their 
whole weight and force into each push. Nor were the keepeis, 











-tJj^ - 



It ajipears that (his nionnrch had one linndred and fifty ele- , seated on their necks, idle. Each shouteJ encouragement to 
ld;ants, among which was a formidaLle hi ick fell.iw, called iMal- i his own warri:ir with hearty good will, and with almost fraiitio 
1 er. He was a great fivorito. He had been the victor in a on;rg.', u>ol the iron prod, employed in driving them, freely 
liundred fights and had an injured tavk, wliich had been broken I ujion the skull.. 

ofT bit by bit in several ensounters; the e!e|)liants rushed against I At length the redoubtable Malleer, one-tusked though ho was, 
eacli other with such force as soin;;tinics to snap oil' a p'ortion ^ lj;^gan to jrain the advantage. Tlie fore leg of his antagonist 
or the whole of a tusk. I n-as raised, iis if unoortainly. The keeper jf .^lallecr saw the 

Once when the coninianJer-in-cIiief of the British forces vi.s- 1 niovcuieiit, and knew well what it indicated. He shouted more 
iled Oad", it was determined to find a fitting antagonist for frantically than ever, striking the bkuU with his iron prong in 
Mdllecr, which bein;; don;!, all things were prepared; and, at a , an ccci'cd way. 

fignal ti'wcn by the kiirg, the two cleiihants i-dvanced i'.oni i At this time, they were but a few yards from the bank of the 
ojipo.-ite sides, cacli with his keeper on his iietk. ' j-.-jr Goomly. The retreating ele; hant gave way step, by step. 



:i^' 



irixjH\KKf i A^ '! V S L i iiaaa Bxaave x-Ku i st ne ua ^ ^^ansi^ 



■it^ 



m 

'.X"-** 






«Qr^ 170 




0'TJ'V"Sn^II_,E IITSTIESyTJCTOS/ 



Tfy^ 



slowlp, drawing nearer to the river as he did so. At length, 
witii a f-uden eup backward, he tore himself tVoiii his ant.igon- 
i?t, and threw his unwieldy form down the bank into tb.e river. 
His keeper clung to the rope over his back, and was sooii seen 
safe and sound on his neck, whilst the elephant swani off to 
gain the opposite bank. Malleer was furious at this escape of 
his ant:igo;;i-t. His keeper wauiiu "i,;:;; to follow; but he would 
not take to the water. He glared round, wild with fury, to see 
what he cotild attack. His keeper, still urging biic to pursue, 
at length lo^t his balance, as Mafeer turned savagely about, 
and fell to the e.irth! In this moment of terrible anger, the 
beast seeing his keeper stretched on the earth in front of him, 
and perhaps deeming him one of tht; causesof the escape of the 
other e ephant i lacid his hugo foot on the man's chest and 
crushed liis body into a shapeless mass, and tearing his arms 
from his body, he threw them with his trunk high in the air. 
It was a horrible sight, and must have done much to lessen the 
interest taken in these fights by all present who had any leelings 
of kindness and humanity in their hearts. 



Jb/' the Juvenile Instructor. 



ii! 



%lt 




CHAPTER XX. 



LIITLE -WILLIE GROWN TO M.YNnOOD. 



WILLIE now had gained the main road which ended his 
difficulty. The great danger that he had just passed 
filled his mind with awe; for he knew that it was the power of 
God that had saved hiin from the jaws of death and prevented 
his falling into the fiigluful chasm at the brink of which his 
guardian angel stopped him, and after showing him his condi- 
tion, led hiiu through the extreme darkness which surrounded 
him to the very path fur which he ha ! so long been searching. 
■ He had searched for hours, but in vain, until some heavenly 
messenger had led his wandering feet aright. Our fra 1 lan- 
guage is too feeble to express the grateful feelings that swelled 
^^illie's boyish breast for this deliverance. He felt unspeaka- 
bly hapiiy, and with confidence he exclaimed; "God ip my 
father, and He has acknowledged me as His child. He has 
sent His angels to guard mv footsteps, and I will praise His 
Holy name forever." Willie then knelt in humble prayer, 
and his words came direct from the fountains of the heart, and 
he dedicated his time, his talents, his life, and all he had to 
the service of God. 

Willie' soon arrived at the cottage of his friend, where he re- 
ceived admittance and a hearty welcome. He then related the 
story of his night- wanderings to the family circle, who appeared 
to be much astonished at the wonderful deliverance that God 
had wrought out for him. 

He labored diligently and succossfidly in that field of labor du- 
ring the following year, and did not lack uiuch for either food, 
money or friends; though prior to this time, through extreme 
shyness, from his having been cast among strangers, he had suf- 
fered . uch for the want of all those necessaries. Now, many 
persons had been baptised, branches of the Church had been 
established, and numerous friends were raised up for him who 
were ever willing to administer to his wants. 

He was now removed from Knaresborough and the sur- 
rounding country to a new field of labor, lleie, again, he 



had to break up new ground; all were strangers to him. The 
Latter-day Saints were unknown to the inhabitants of many of 
the towns and villages which it fell to his lot to visit. Some 
had heard that such a peoiale existed, but all they knew about 
them was gained fr .ra the report of scandal. 

One night, just before dark, Willie entered the town of 
Helnisley. Ulackey iMoore. No doubt his gaitgave evidence to 
all who saw him of the weariness of his limbs; for he had had 
a hard day's walk, and was foot-sore and weary both in body 
and mind; without money, fiiends or home to shelter him. 
There was no kindred soul to give him kindly gree.ing. The 
streets were thronged with men of business and pleasure; but 
all were strangers to him, and passed by him, apparently with- 
out erring to know anything about h s condition. 

Soon he came to what he considered a suitable place for a 
public meeting. Here he borrowed a chair, stood ufon it and 
began to preach; and in a very short time a large audience 
gathered around him. He preached on the firs' principles of 
the gospel with g.oat plainness, for the spirit of God rested 
upon him abundantly, insomuch that he no longer was weary 
in body or mind, but lelt that God was with him, and that all 
was well. 

When he closed his discourse, a local preacher of the .^'eth- 
odist Church, offered some remarks. He said he had read a 
pamphlet called the "Kingdom of God," written by an apostle 
of the "Mormon" Church, named Orson Pratt, and stated that 
in this pamphlet the Bible was set at naught, and a plain 
statemen' made that the historical portion of the Sacred l>ook 
could not now be relied upon as a guide for Christians. He 
rehearsed some of the stories circulated against the "Mormons" 
by Madam Scandal, and labored hard to make aa impression 
against WiUie and the Lutter-day Saints. 

"Do you believe, sir," said Willie, "that the historical por- 
t'ons of the Scriptures were iiitenJed by the Almighty to be a 
guide for, and to direct the cause of. Christians who dwell upon 
the earth at the present day?" 

"I do, sir," said the Methodist minister. 

"Then, sir," said Willie, "if we fol ow out your idea of the 
matter, all good Christians and conscientious believers in the 
Bible must pass through the lied Sea, because we read that 
the Children of Israel did so. Be^'ause we read in the Set ip- 
tures that Jesus rode through the streets of Jerusalem seated 
upon an ass's colt, you consider it your duty to get a donkey 
and do likewise?" (Voice Irom the crowd; — 'He has a donkey; 
he is ready ibr the trip ') 

The last reference being so well adapted to his condition, 
caused great laughter and cheering. The gentleman, in his 
excitemint, exclaimed to Willie; "I beg leave, sir, to say no 
more." 

After the noise had subsided, the Rev. John Rolls, minister 
of the Presbyterian Church, stepped forward and told tlie peo- 
ple that he understood "Mormcnism" from the thread to the 
needle, and that he f-lt it to be his solemn duty to oppose it. 
He inquired whether Willie would meet him in discussion. 

Willie answered, "I have no objection, sir; but I have trav- 
eled far to day, and on foot, and am very much fatigued; there- 
fore would prefer to have some other evening appointed for the 
debate." {\ voice from the meeting; — "Let us have the dis- 
cussion to-night.') Mr. Rolls favored this motion, and Willie 
consented. 

The night was very calm; scarcely a breath of air could be 
felt. It was now dark, and as it had been determined to con- 
tinue the meeting, fifteen or twenty of the audience went to 
neighboring st.res to buy candles, and returned with theni 
lighted, holding them in their hands, and presenting a voiy 
singular appearance. 

Mr. Rolls said that the "Mormons'' believed that Gud has a 







J" TJ "V IB HNT I Xj E in^STI^TJGTOI?/ 



171 



(Q^ 






form like unto man, jiossessing bands and feet, that lie walk?, 
talks, eats and drinks just like mortal man. He compared this 
with his faith of Gcd — an immaterial, undefined substance, fill- 
ing all space and extending everywhere; without bod}', parts 
or passions.- He'spoke at great length against '"Mormonisui" 
and the "Mormons." 

Willie answered his opponent briefly, acknowledging that he 
and the people whom he represented did believe in a God in 
whoso image man had been made; in a God with fee;:, and the 
same God that visited Abraham, ate and drank with him, and 
had His feet washed; in aG"d with hands, and who placed His 
hand upon Moses in the cleft of a rock; in short, in the God 
of the Scriptures — tlie G^d of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob; and 
thought that the immaterial, undefined God spoken of by his 
opponent must be a relative of the unknown God of the Athe- 
nians to whom the Apostle Paul made reference; and added, 
addressing his opponent: 

''Now, sir, take away the parts, the passions — love and ha- 
tred, for these are passions, — take away the body, and if there 
be anything left, please find us words to describe it." 

Mr. Rolls proposed to close the debate, to be resumed on an- 
other evening, which was accordingly done. 

After the close, a gentleman named Mr. Potter stepped up to 
Willie and addressed him as fol'ows: 

"Sir, as lone as I have a home, you are welcome to share it 
with me. Will you go with me to-night and 1 will do my best 
to make you comforiabie?" 

Willie said: "Tliaidv you, sir, I will be pleased to do so." 

On the ev."ning appointed for the continuation of the debate, 
the Rev. Rolls was missing, and ^Villie preached to a large con- 
gregation and had a good time. W. W. B. 

COXCLUniiD. 



For the Juvenile Ivstrnctnr. 






B^ZSS^SSESSST'X^K^SSa 



SILiaOI^T. 



T 



iIIS element is the most abundant in nature except oxygen. 
The substance called "flint" is the type of silicon; saud is 
minute particles of flint broken oS" gener.jlly from rocks and 
rounded by rubbing together under water. Tl;e cause of the 
different degrees of fineness of sand arises from the small par- 
ticles being carried farther tlian tlie large ones. There are 
other modes, however, in which sand may be formed, which 
may be understood if we will remember that silicon and oxygen 
(Si 20), that is, one atom of silicon plus two of oxygen, form 
silica. Now s:ind is silica, so is flint; .so are the precious (Jpal 
— a jewel of the greatest beauty, the Amethyst, the rock-crys- 
tal or quartz, and many other rocks. The color is dependent 
upon tlie presence of minute portions of some metallic element 
^irou ge orally. 

That which -nature does so perfectly, man imitates. Thus 
glass is made by fusing silica wi:h alkalies. In all i/ln-^xc^ silica 
is present; soda, potash, lime, are the usual bases. Various 
osydes, such as those of lead, tin and manganese are used to 
increase the beauty of gla.ss. Flint gla.ss, such as decanters, 
wine-glasses and vases are made of, is a compound of silica 
(fine-washed sand), i otasli and lead. Bottle-glass (the dark 
green kind) is made ot common sand, coar.se alkalies and ox- 
ides of iron, the iron imparting the color. By using very 
superior materials, artificial gems arc made, quite cciualiog the 



real ones in appearance. TIese diamonds, opals, rubies, etc., 
are imitated; the various colors being imparted by gold, silver, 
and other metals. In whatever form glas^ is made, it is by 
means of intense heat that silica is united to a base of some 
kind. The interesting process of glass-making is shown in 
some of the school-books; chemically, glass is a "silicate " 

But there are other modes of uniting silica and alkali, to 
which attention has been directfd before. In the earth, sili- 
ceous particles :ire dis<olved and taken up by vegetation. Thus 
the stalks of grains and grasses acquire hardness and stability 
by the thin la3'er of flint on their surface ^\'^herever silica and 
the alkalies are wanting in the soil, the straw is weak. Many 
animals of the lower orders are also indebted to silica for the 
hard coat they have on their bodies. Even man has no power 
to preserve his teeth from decay when the silica (enamel) on 
their surface is destroyed. 

Now we see some of the qualities of silicon, which exists in 
combination with oxygen as a hard, insoluble, infusable sub- 
stance, in many respects resembling carbon. When silica is 
seen in the form of an impalpable powder, it is the same hard, 
har»h, intractable substanoj. 

Vv' hen it is chemically united with the alkalies, this is not 
the ease. Even glass, if reduced to a very fine powder, be- 
comes soluble in a large proportion of water. It is on this 
principle that the celebrated Water-gl.\.ss is made; one part 
of sand aud two parts of soda may be melted together and dis- 
solved ill water; with this soluiion, a kind of paint or even 
cement may be made. By mixing sand and clay with this fluid 
a very hard kind of "artificial stone" may be made. Perhaps 
even adobies might be painted with a solution of water-glass 
and fine Sdi.d, with advantage. 

The soap makers take advantage of this substance and in- 
corporate it into the soap instead of rosin. This soap should 
be called "silicated soap," and it should be sold cheaper than 
tallow and rosin soap; no doubt it is by honest men; for, sand 
and soda cost much less than fat. It is also used to paint the 
walls of dwellings to mike them water-proof; it is said that 
stone-walls are made to resemble flint and be as durable. 

Silica is also soluble in fluoric acid, as noticed when speaking 
of fluorine When organic chemistry is studied, both of these 
elements will again come under consideration. 

Befcu-e closing this article, however, it may be well to draw 
attention to the subject of "petrifaction of organic bodies," 
which is now prominently before the public in consequence of 
a discovery of the "0:,;indaga Giant, ' This is supposed by 
bome to be a petrified luau. \Vitliout deciding this question, the 
conditions necessary to produce such a body must be stated. 
Observation establishes these facts that animals be^dn to do- 
compo,-.e the moment life i* ■ stinot. To arrest decomposition, 
certain "antiseptics" are necessary. In peat begs tlie,«e are 
louiid; but animals thus preserved do not become hard like 
stone. The soft parts (nnrscles, etc. ), the hair, skin, bones and 
teeth are preserved as if placed in a pickle. The "giant" 
found weighs nearly (3000) three thousand pounds, and is hard 
OS stone. This i)rovos it has been indurated or hardened (if a 
human being) by the infiltration of silica, or lime, in a fluid 
state. Now, wherever animals have been found in this hard- 
ened state, the structure of the soft parts has been destroyed. 
The process by which such a change could be eif' ted, so far 
as at present known, is that organic matter is removed from 
bodies, subject to the action of laindifying or stone-forming 
anenls, and other material, generally a silicate, is xtibst/hiliil. 
Thus, it is not ihe animal or vegetable matter, as the case may 
be, that is changed into stone; but as the organic struitture de- 
cays and is removed, stony matter is deposited. This causes 
tlie rude resemblence of thf animal or plant, such as is seen in 
fossds. and petrifactions. In conclusion, all experience ami ob- 
.servation prove that the soft parts of animal bodies are inoa- 
piible of undert;uiiig |ielril'action without the deslnu^ion of the 
tissues, still there inn// he some mode of effecting (heir preser- 
vation which has not been hitherto noticed by scientists. 



,>^'- 





j^TPa>«jia=v»rtftj;TT---. 



r; i^ci<Tr-\- - rTTj-'-a*-- 



y-'g.T-:.wj^q«grwEwasg»g>^^?w«:jg:tgyj-jt-ia^=a^^ •^-j^i-^-.i^'i-vn-^^^rmrr^j^m^.z vefrrv-^ts^'.xts jf-j,^^ 



J-TT'STEHN-ILE! IILTSTJaTJaTOIS. 







®Ti0 Stifsctiil^ f f!.5lrucfa>* 






SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1859. 
Er)ITO:E?.T^Xj THIOTJG-BLTS- 




•^V^*^"'"'^"**^;^^ ERE any of our young readers to ask us a 
'*''^ ' rule that -would always preserve them 
from folly and sin and by whirh they could 
measure their actions at all times, and in 
every circumstance, we should say to them 
— never do any thing upon which you dare 
not ask God's blessing, and you will be 
safe. If little boys and girls apply this rule 
to every action of their lives, they will not 
go far astray, 
the child who is doing any thing contrary 
the wishes of its parents, kneel down and ask 
to bless it in so doing? We think not, for 
: Lord has said, "honor thy father and thy 
ler" and "obey your parents in the Lord, 
for this is right." Can the boy who is climbing 
over a fence to rob his neighbor of his fruit, ask 
W^\ God to bless him? No, for He has said, '"Thou 
^^'J shalt not steal." Can that boy whose mouth is 

filled with oaths, a.^k the Lord's blessing? Wo again say, No, 
for our Hearenly Father has declared, "Thou shalt not take 
the name of the Lord thy God in vain, for the Lord will not 
hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain." Can that 
same boj' pray in his heart to Heaven to bless him, when he is 
quarreling wiih and reviling his brothers and sisters? No, for 
the Savior has declared that such are in danger ol the judg- 
ment of God. Can the boy, who drinks liquor, or smokes or 
chews tobacco, Isy his glass or his pipe down, and ask God to 
bless him while he drinks and smokes? We think not — for 
the Great Creator has revealed that strong drinks and tobacco 
are not good for man's stomach, bat have other uses, which He 
has made plain. Can that youth, who is a member of the 
Church, who has received of the gospel, seek the approbation 
of God in disobeying the servants of thcL^rd? No, ve;ily. No, 
for our Redeemer has declared, again and again, "inasmuch as 
you do it unto one of these, my servants, ye doit unto me," and 
who could dare ask the Great Jehovah to bless them while re- 
belling against Him and His only begotten Son? And if unto 
"one of these" ser\ants of God, as uuto Him himself, where is 
the difference? 

Some may say, "0 this is too trivial, and that is too sm.all a 
matter to seek the Lord about! Would you have us be con- 
stantly praying to Him about every little thing we do? Befo.'e 
answering this, we would rsk — is there any thing, no matter 
how small it may seem in our C3'es, that we could do without 
the power were given us by God? Could we draw the first 
breath, could we say the first word, could we lift one foot be- 
fore the other, could we rise in the morning or lie down at night 
without Him? We all answer. No. Jesus said that a sparrow 
could not fall to the ground without the knowledge of Our 
Father in Heaven, and then asks, how is it with us, His chil- 
dren, who are worth so many sparrows? But our idea is not 
that we should be constantly kneeling down to pray between 
each act we perform and each word we say. That is not it. 
Let us ask the Lord at tlic appointed times to bless us in all 
that we may do, say or think all the day long, and then let us 



gi;ido our life by this prayer, and not do any thing hui whft 
wo are sure would be consistent with our requests to Heaven. 
And if we hare our doubts about any thing being right or 
wrong, let us leave it alone, until we can inquire of the Priest- 
hood or of our parents. That which we cannot ask the bless- 
ing of God upon is almost .sure to be wrong, and if we have 
none of liis servants at hand to appeal to, and dare not approach 
Uim humbly in prayer, rest assured that that thing had best bo 
left undone, or that word uns.id. If, on the other hand, we 
can go with full conSdencc and with all our hearts and ask the 
blessings of Heaven on any action, we may feel certain it is not 
far wrong; for no boy or girl, whose heart is right before the 
Almiglily, dare ask His blessing while d'^ng those things 
which he or she knows the Lord has forbidden, or in leaving 
undone those things that He has revealed unto us it is His 
will we should perlbrm. 



T-EHZjE I=ia- ^ISTTD THIDE! SIEl^T. 



out. 



The pig an.i tbe lien, 

Botli g(jt in one pen, 
And the hen said she wouldn't go 

"Mntress hen," says the pig, 

"Uoii't you be quife so big!" 
Aud he gave her a pu,h with his snout. 

"You are rough, and you're fat, 

But who cares for all that; 
I will stay if I choose," says the hen. 

"No, mistress, no Ion >er!" 

Sa\sjiig: "I'm the stronger, 
And mean to be boss of my pen!'' 

Then the hen oaekl'd out 

Just a's close to t is snout 
As she dare: "Vou're au ill-natured brute; 

Aud ill had the cijrn, 

Just as sui-o as I'm born, 
I would seud you to starve or to root!" 

"Cut you dou't own the cribs; 

Si) I thiuk tliat my ribs 
"Will be novel the leanur for you: 

'I his trough is my trough, 

Aud the sooner you're otl," 
Says the pig, "why the better you'll do!" 
"You're not a bit fair, 
And you're cross as a bear: 
■\Vhat harm do I do iu yotir pen? 
But a p g is a jiig, 
Aud 1 don't care a fig 
For the worst you cau say," says the hen. 

Says the pig, "Y'ou will care 

If I act like a bear 
And tear your two wings from your neck." 

"What a nice little peu 

Y'ou have goi!" sa^ s the hen, 
Ee^iLiniEjg to scratch and to peck. 

Now the pig stood amazed, 

And the bristles, ujiruised 
A moment past, fell down so sleek. 

"Neighbor Biildy," says he, 

"If you'll just allow me, 
I will show .> ou a nice place to pick!" 

So she followed him off, 

Ai;d they ate from one trough — 
They had quarreled for nothing, they saw; 

Aud when they had fed, 

"Neighbor hen," the pig said, 
" Wou't you slay here aud roost iu my straw?" 

"No, I thank yon; you see • 

That I sleep in a tree," ' ] 

Says the hen; "but 1 must go away; 

So a grateful good-l)ye" — 

"ilake your home iu my sty," 
Says the pig, "and come iu ev'ry day." 

Now my child will not miss 

The true moral of this 
Little story of anger and strife; 

For a word spoken soft 

^Vill turn enemies oft 
luto frieuds that will stay frieuds for life. 




JTJ^:E]X-TII1,E] IlNTSTI^TJaTOE. 



-Fur the Juvciiile Inslructor. 

How strange it would seem to folks in Utah to see a niotlier 
carrying her babes in a basket on her head, as the one 
in our picture is doing. We should feel alVairl that the little 
rogues in the basket would commence jilaying and tip it over, 
or that the mother might slip, when down would come basket, 
babies and all. But this is the way the women in some parts 
of Italy carry their children. It is quite possible that this wo- 
man works ia a vineyard, and this basket at other times is filled 
with grapes. 

Some of these peasant women get their living by sitting as- 
models to the many artists who crowd to Kome to study paint 
ing and sculpture. Numbers of them are very beautiful, with 
their rich-brown complexions, bright eyes, white teeth and shii - 
ing black hair; but their beauty is of a very different typo to the 
lithe, graceful girls that Amerii-ans so mm-h admire. 'J he Ital- 
ian's beauty is of a solid, ^ubslami.il cbariicter, and when 
attired in their holiday costume, with a black velvet jacket, 
l-ed and blue apron, or bright- re 1 Ji'e.-.s ami Line embroidered 
apron, and a white napkin folded ovr their shining hair, they 
make a very pretty picture, Iwery thing about them is b'igbl 
and pleasing; how strange such a eostuuie would seem in these 
valleys! 

The Roman mother of these d \ 
is a very different woman to an 
English or American mother, tno 
enjoys nothing so much as tnc 
sweet delight of doing nothii — 
the dolce far lu'ente as they ciU it 
in that land. Iler hom : is not th it 
tidy, comfortable abode, so grcith 
prized by the mothers ol Utah i d 
the cause of so much trouble ti 
thoughtless youngsters when thcj 
"muss things up." No, her home / 
is a very poor place; and she lo\e ^i 
much better to sit in the shade o* 
some large chestnut tree, and en ^- 
joy the bright blue sky and balnn ^ 
air, than to stay in doors. As foi _ 
her food, it is but little she trouble sv 
herself about putting np pots o ^ 
preserves and jars of pickles, the ^^ -^i-~3SSs5^\\\\ 
figtree, the olive and the vine Meld "^T ^£^V 

her nearly all her luxuries, and boiled chestnuts loim d iieat 
portion of her food. 

The modern Romans are great beggars; they do not think it 
is wrong or degrading to beg for a living, but carry it on as a 
trade. It is said that some of these beggars are quite rich, 
and ride to the p'aces where they beg, like a wealthy merchant 
would do to his store. Each beggar pays the Government ten 
dollars for the right to ask alms at a certain spot, and woe be- 
tide any other beggar who trespasses within his bounds, for 
there is danger in wait for him. Begging appears to be a 
charm to an Italian, like a lottery or gambling, or like being a 
brigand; indeed, anything is cb.arniing there except working 
bard for an honest living. 

Some years ago, the Roman government tried to stop this 
system of begging. The beggars were taken care of in a good 
home; but it did not suit them. They wanted to choose the 
kind of food'they should eat, and perferred to bog for the money 
to buy it. It was no good; they would not bear restraint. One 
old wcman jumped out of the window of the room provided ior 
her, and after her death, the police no .longer interfered with 



I id.aaa*»iyj)^*^ij.M i J^>ujJk%yji:ihU^ ' j.» ' u.3Jjiwwu^iLj B .jjijp g 





this great privilege of the Roman poor, and travelers are now 
pestered and importuned as of old. 

The priests seem'to encourage the people in this lazy way of 
living. At noon, tlie gates of the Capauchin convents at Rome 
are opened, when bread and soup are given to the poor who 
crowd around. Though the ,«oup is thin and the biead poor, 
the people are satisfied with it, for it takes little to satisfy them, 
if they can lounge in the sun, and can enjoy the precious liber- 
ty of doing nothing. In the winter, tlie poor will sit hour after 
hour in the sun, on the steps of their fine churches, begging 
from foreigners, and eating boiled chestnuts and sour oranges 
witli apparently no other object in life than to pass the time 
away, yet they apjiear to be very happy, for their few wants 
are easily supplied, and they have but few artificial cravin£s to 
611 their lives with care and anxiety. 

The ancient inhabitants of Rome were a very different people 
to these modern Italians. They were by no means a happy- 
-'O-lucky, easy, indolent race. Their city was, for several hun- 
dred ycar.s, the largest, most beautiful and proudest city in the 
world, and from it went forth the laws that governed nearly all 
the rest of mankind. The religion of Rome, not only held 
sway in Italy, but they conquered and held Spain, France Ger- 
many, Britain, Turkey, Greece, Egypt, Asia yimor, I'orsia, 
Palestine and all the north of Africa; and the rule ol Rome ex- 
tended wherever they could find a 
people they thought worthy of con- 
qaering. At first, the Romans were 
a very simple, chaste aud frugal 
I cople; but as they grew stronger 
ind richer, they became proud, vo- 
luptuous and cruel. After tlio 
death of Jesus, Peter, I'aul and 
others of the apostles and servants 
of God preached the gospel in their 
I idst; but they were far too cor- 
^^^ rupt and Iiigh-minded to obey its 
pure and simple laws. Tlieir re- 
j ction of it, and their killing of 
those who bore it to them, were 
^J (uickly followed by the decay of 
their strength and the fall of their 
j)ower. Vast hcides of half-civil- 
ized, but more virtuous, races 
.^P poured down upon them from th? 
north, and the power and glory of 
lllilllll'"^- Rome passed away for ever. It is 
tiue, some thiee bundled jears after the death of our Savior, 
they professed to obey the gospel, but through the apostasy 
and vain philosophy of many who were called to act in the 
name of Jesus, it had then become little better than the reli- 
gions of the heathens. It had lost its priesthood and its sav- 
ing powers. Instead of apostles to lead the Church, they had 
a pope and cardinals who pretended to take the place of the 
apostles, and they cftablished themselves at Rome; and ever 
since then, the pope has lived there, and it has been from that 
time the headquarters of the Roman Catholic Church. 



If we are cheerful and contented, all nattirc smiles witli us; 
the air seems more balmy, the sky clearer, the ground has a, 
brighter green, the trees have a richer foliage, the flowers a 
more fragrant smell, the birds sing more sweetly, and the sun, 
moon and stars all appear more beautiful. 

The flower of youth never appears more beautiful than when 
it bends toward the Sun of Righteousness, 

Wherk no wood is, there the fire goeth out; so where there 
is no tale-bearer, the strife ceaseth.j 



1=^ 







S^^5^^Z9£a£3ii^^£^^^^S2*Z 



^^SBse^ss 



V1^ 



0" TJ "\r:H] :^ I L E 



iiNrsTj:?.TJCT o.i^ . 






i" 



^tU3t'a.j[i|u. 







5=-^r5^'^-'!^^ ^" rtc day after tlie deftniction of tlio F.r 
!==i;\ri'>i' ./ "'S'''o;' press, Joseph issued a proclama- 
tion, as mayor of the eity of Nauvoo, 
setting forth the course taken by the Ux- 
potsi'lor, and stating that it had been 
destroyed as a nnisanco, according to the 
provision of the charter of the ciiy. He 
called upon the nnmieipal officers and the 
citizens to use all honorable and lawful 
^^^^*-'^-*' means in their power to maintain the pub- 
['. [ Cffl lie peace and the common quiot of the city; and 
' < to be vigi'ant and wise in preventing the pro- 
niulgalion of false statements, libels, slanders or 
any other malicious calumny or design that 
>'<^^?\' might be circulated to ferment the passions of 

^vir^^' men. lie also recommended them to be i eady to 
suppress the gathering of mobs, and to repel, by 
pentle means and noble exertions, every foul scheme 
^'^'^ designed to disgrace and dishonor the city or Stale. 
After the destruction of the press, runners were sent out in 
all directions by the apostates to endeavor to raise a mob, and 
those who were opposed to the Saints and on the side of tlie 
mob, began to stl! their houses and property in Nauvoo, think- 
ing that trouble would be sure to come, and that the Saints 
would be destroyed. Francis M. Iligbee said, and all those 
associated witli him felt the same, that if the city autlorilics 
should lay their hands upon the press of tl'.e F.epositor, to 
break it, they migb.t date their downfall from that very hour. 
He thought that, within ten days, there would not be a single 
"3Iormon'' in Nauvoo. Another man, who, as a merchant, 
had fattened on the trade of the Saints, said in relation to the 
destruction of the press, that before he would see such things, 
he would wade knce-dee|i in blood. 

ITigbeo immediately went to Carthage and made a complaint 
before the Justice of the Peace, swearing to an affidavit th.at 
Jo.se|ih and seventeen other brethren liad committed a riot, 
alleging that, with force and violence, they had broken into the 
Nauvoo £.rji(isi/fii- printing office and unlawfully burned and 
destroyed the printing press, type and other property of the 
same. The nar-;:e of the Justice before whom this comi)laint 
was made, was Thomas Morrison, and lie sent a constable with 
a writ to JS'auvoo to arrest Joseph. The writ slated that the 
officer was to bring the per.«ons charged in it ''before nic [Mor- 
rison] or .some other Ju.itiec of the Peace, to answer the i)rem- 
Lcs, and further to bo dealt with according to law." 

When lie had finished reading the writ, Josepli referred tlie 
ofliccr who bore it, t3 that clause and said: "We are ready lo 
go to trial bellire Esquire Johnson or an • Just'ce in Nauvoo." 
At thi-i, the coii.sUible was very angry, and he swore he would 
carry them to Carthage before Morrison, who liad issued the 
writ. Josepli asked him if lie intended to bicak the law, and 
c tiled upon all present to witness that he then ofTercJ liimself 
to go immediately before the nearest Justice of the Peace. His 
brother Ilyruui offered to do the same. Joseph felt so indig- 
nant at the officer's abuse, that ho was deterniintd to take out 
a h'tbea.1 corpus, and petitioned the Municipal court of the city 
of Nauvoo, to grant him the benefit of that writ, and, on the 



afternoon of the same day, he appeared before that court, and 
the case was examined. It was "decih d by the court that Jos- 
eph Smith had acted under proper authority in destroying the 
establishment of the Nauvoo Expoxllnr, on the lOtli inst.; that 
his orders were executed in an orderly and judicious manner, 
without no'se or tumult; that this was a malicious prosecution 
on the part of F. M. Iligbee; and that said Iligbee pay costs of 
suit, and that Jaseph Smith be honorably discharged from the 
accusations of the writ, and go hence without delay." 

The olhor brethren were arrested the nest day, and they, 
also, petitioned for and obtained a writ of habeas corpus, and 
w>re tried before the Municipal court on that day; and, after 
witnesses had been examined as in the case of Joseph, they 
were all honrirably di-charged from the accusations and arrests, 
the court deciding that Iligbee pay the costs of suits. 

In the ago in which we live, there is a wonderful amount of 
sanctify attached to the ]ircss, and a groat deal of very silly 
talk about "the freedom of the ])ress." In the absence of the 
knowledge of the true God, this gencratiou lias set up many 
idols as nbj 'cts of worship. One of these is the press. They 
offer it the most servile homage, and a man in these United 
Slates would be no more safe in touching the press ilian he 
would have been among the Philistines in harming their idol 
Dagon. Presses have, in a few instances, been destroyed by 
mobs. The press and office belonging to the Saints in Jackson 
county were destroyed in this m:nner, and the Slate of Mis- 
souri said it ought to be destroyed, and applauded the deed. 
That was all light, because it v/as a "JMormon" press. But, in 
the case oi tha E.cpositor, it was an anti-"Mormon" press, and 
the ''Mormons," it was said, had no right, though acting ac- 
cording to law, to touch it. IMuch depended, in deciding this 
case, upon wl.o.se ox was gored. It was not the "Mormon" ox 
that had been gored tliis time, and there was great excitement 
over the ocoiirience. The K:cpos!tor is the only office, of whicli 
we have any knowledge, in the United States, that was ever 
declared a nuisance and removed accordingly. Put it i-j by no 
means the only one that .^hould have been thus treated. If the 
esami)le which Joseph and the City Council of Nauvoo gave 
in thus aboli.-hing tliis press had been followed thiuughout the 
United Stat's, we are firmly convinced that thousands of pre- 
cious lives would liave been saved to tlie nation, ar.d bloody 
war would not have fiilcd the land with sorrow and mourning. 
For to the mischievous influence of the pre.'^s is due many of 
t'le evils under wlJch the land has groaned. Its influence 
urged on the war of the rebellion, propagating lies and mi^ap- 
preliensions and engendering hatred in the breasts of the peojile 
north and soulh aga nst each other. The libeily of the press 
has degenerated into licence; and yet many pcojile fail to per- 
ceive the distinelion, and imagine that tliere is no limit to the 
liberty an editor or publi.-ber may lake in assailing, slandering 
or denouncing an individual or a iicr.>-on through the columns 
of a newspaper. 

"It is license they mean, when liberty they cry;" Josciih and 
the City Council knew this, and they resolved to .''uppre.ss the 
libelous and do'amalory sheet. The city charter gave the City 
Council the | ower "to decide what shall be a nuisance, and to 
prevent and remove the same," and they had the same right 
to declare the A'.rjxi.n'tor a nuisance, ai d to take steps fVji' ii> 
removal, that they had to lemovc a ]d ysieal nuisance, such as 
an oflcnsive building that might be treoted within tlie confines 
of tlie city; fur it was, lo all intents and iiurjioses, a nuisance. 
The Slayer and City Council would not have been true to their 
eonstitutents, their oaths of olFce and the resiioiisihilities rest- 
ing ujion them, had they not taken some action in the case. 
The men engaged in the piiblicalion of the paper were base and 
corrupt in c':aracler, and tliey openly avowed liieir wicked and 
malicious designs again.- 1 the Saints, staling that it was their 






>'>iS^^ 



%,. 



>'«'%, 
\:^^^ 



Cr TJ "V" E! InT I Xj Hi Tj^STE/TJGTOIR;. 




intention to have the charter of tlic city destroyed. It was 
plainly evident, also, that it was their purpose to stir up such a 
hatred against the Saints that mobs would bo enc uraged to 
come and diive, plunder and kill as they did in Missouri. 
The City Council decided that it was necessary for the "peace, 
benefit, good order and regulations" of said city, "and for the 
protection of property" and for the "happiness and ] rosperity 
of the citizens of Nauvoo" that this paper should be removed. 



00TT02.-T IVC^IsrXJIF'-A.OTUK/E!. 



From 



"T.RiaMi'iis OF iNVKNrioN a:n^d Discovicrv."- 
Pablishcd by T. Nelson it Sons, London. 



ON the 3J of -May, 1734, thore was a hanging at Cork which 
made a good deal more noise than such a very ordinary 
event generally did in those days. There was nothing remark 
able about the malefactor, or the crime he had c nimittcd. 
lie was a very couunonplace ruffiin, and had earned his eleva- 
tion to the gallows by a vulgar felony. What wasnmarkable 
about the affair was, that the woolen weavers of Ci rk, being 
then in a state of great distress from want of work, diessed up 
the convict in cotton garments, and that the poor wretch, hav- 
ing once been a weaver himself, "employed" the last occasion 
be was ever to have of addressing his fellow-creatures, by as- 
suring them that all his misdeeds and misfortunes were to be 
traced to the "pernicious practice of wearing cottons. " "There- 
fore, good Christians," he continued, "consider that, if you go 
on to suppress your own goods, by wearing such cottons as I am 
now clothed in, you will bring your country into misery, which 
will consequenily swarm with such unhappy malefactois as your 
present Object is; and the blood of every miserable telon that 
will hang alter tins warnmg from the galloivs will lie at your 
doors," All which sayings were no doubt greatly appkiudod by 
the di.shearteued weavers on llie spot, and much taken to heart by 
the citizens and gentry to whom they were addre.-se.l. 

This is only one out of the many illustrations which might be 
drawn from the chronicles of those days, of the prejudice and 
diseoumgement cotton had to contend against on its first ap- 
pearance in that country. Prohibited over and over again, 
laid under penalties and high duties, treated with every sort of 
contumely and oppression, it had long to struggle desperately 
for the barest tolerance; yet it ended by overcoming all obsta- 
cles, and distancing its favored rival wool. 

First imported into (ireat Britain, towards the middle of the 
seventeenth century, cotton was but little used for pui poses of 
manufacture 1 the middle of the next century. The settle- 
ment of some Flemish emigrants in Lancashire led to that 
district becoming the principal seat of the cotton manufacture; 
and piobably the ungenerous nature of the soil there induced 
tlie peojile to resort to spinning and weaving to make up for 
the unprofitableness of their agricultural labors. 

A nobler monument of human skill, enterprise, and per.se- 
veraiice, than the invenlion of coiton-spinning machinery is 
hardly to he met with; but it must also be owned that its his- 
tory, encouraging as it is in one aspect, ks in aimlher sad and 
humiliating to the last degree. It i.s difficult at first to credit 
the uniform ingratitude and treachery which the various inven- 
tors met with from the very men whom their contrivances en- 
riched. "There is )iothing," .said James Walt, in the crisis of 
liis Ibrlunes, woni with care, and sick with hope deferred — 
"there is niithiiig so foolish as inventing;" and with far more 



•ason the inventors of c 



otton-siiinmii; 



: machines could echo the 



iiKmrnfu! cry. It is sad to think that to proud a chapter of 
history should bear so dark a stain. 



In 1733, the priuiitivo method still prevailed of spinning be- 
tween the finger and thumb, only one thread at a time; and 
weaving up the yam in a loom, the shuttle of which had to b3 
thrown fro.^l right to left and left to right by both hands alter- 
nately. In that year, however, the first step was made in ad- 
vance, by the invention of the fly-shuttle, which, by means of 
a handle and spring, could be jerked from side to side with one 
hand. This contrivance was due to the ingenuity of John Kay, 
a loom-maker at Colchester, and proved his ruin. The weav- 
ers did their best to prevent the use of the shuttle, — the mas- 
ters to get it used, and to cheat the inventor out of his reward. 
Poor Kay was soon brought low in the world by costly lawsuits, 
and being not yet tired of inv-;ntiug, devised a rude power-loom. 
In revenge, a mob of weavers broke into his house, smashed all 
his machines, and would have smashel him too, had they laid 
hands on him. lie escaped from their clutches, to find his way 
to Paris, and to die there in misery not long afterwards. Kay 
was the first of the martyrs in this branch of invention. James 
Hargreaves was the next. 

The use of the fly-shuttle greatly exredlted the progress of 
weaving, and the spinning of cotton soon fell behind. The 
weavers were often brought to a stand-still for want of weft to 
go on with, and had to spend their mornings going about in 
search of it, sometimes without getting as much as kept them 
busy for the rest of the day. The scarcity of yarn was a con- 
stant complaint; and many a busy bram was at woik trying 
to devise some improvement on the common hand-wheel. 
Amongst others, James Hargreaves, an ingenious weaver at 
Standhill, near Blackburn, who had already improved the mode 
of cleaning and unraveling the cotion before spinning, took the 
subject into consideration. (Jue day, when blooding over it in 
his cottage, idle for want of weft, the accidental overturning of 
his wife's wheel suggested to him the priuci;do of the spinning- 
jenuj'. liying on its side, the wheel still continued in motion 
— the spindle being thrown irom the horizomal into an upright 
position; and it occurred to him that all he had got to do was 
to place a number of spindles side by side. This was in 17(J4, 
and in three years afterwards, Hargreaves had worked out the 
idea, and constructed a spinning frame, with eight spindles 
and a horizontal wheel, which he christened after his wile Jen- 
ny, whose wheel had fir=t put him in the right track. Hired ly 
the spinners of the locality got knowledge of this ii achiue tl at 
was to do eight times as much as any one oi them, they broke 
into the inventor's cottage, destroyed the jenny, and compelled 
him to fly for the safety ot his life to Nottingham. He took 
out a patent, but the manufacturers leagued themselves against 
him. Sole, friendless, penniless, he could make no head 
against their numbers and influence, relinquished his invention 
and died in obscurity and distress ten years after he had the 
mi.sfortune to contrive the spinning-jenny. 

The history of the cotton manufacture now becomes identi- 
fied with the lives of Arkwright, Crompton, and Cartwri-ht — 
the inventors of the water-frame, the mule, and tlie power- 
loom. . 

(7b be Continued) 



A Good Rule. — "i^Iy father taught me," said a m;in who 
had been successful in life, "never to play ill my work was 
finished, and never to .spend my money until 1 had earned it. 
If 1 had but an hour's work in a day, 1 must do that the first 
thing, and in an hour. And after this 1 was allowed to |>lay; 
then I could i)lay with much moro pleasure than if I liad (he 
thcmght of an unfinished task before my mind. 1 early fornRd 
the habit ol' doing oveiy thing in time, and it soon became ea.-y 
for me to do so. It is to tliis 1 owe my prosperity." 



»5^ 



'S^ 



9S 





Ta : a3TCaTT^^s^a : ri^a^%gfiF^^^^^-5g" . --T^ 



y.I^'T^TTZiXB'.C.MTl ."CT-J^r^Tq-- '"BiVKrT' ■I>Kw; --^-1 'l-l ■-T-.CT^ 1 



J-UVEj^TILE! I2^-STI^tJCTOI^, 



J^ID VEnNrTTJ15?.E OIB' FJ^ CJIj IDIJ 






TtlEHFj are two groat African explorers known to the world, 
accountsof whose explorations frequently appear in many 
of the public jnarnals of the clay. Their names are DaviJ Liv- 
ingstone and Paul Du Chaillu. These men have penetrated 
into the most remote and unkno'.vn parts of Africa, and brought 
to light and made krjown to the woild many of the hidden 
wonders of that uncivilized country. 

Paul Da Chaillu was born in America, but is of French des- 
cent, and received a French education. He is said to be a man 
of short stature and slight form, and is admitted to be one of 
the most daring travelers '_of the day. He has been in the 
3nidst of many wild tribes of men, has stood face to face with 
the gorilla and has encountered snakes, leopards, elephants, 
hippopotami and many other wild beasts, lie mentions hav- 
ing visited an island called Nengne Ngozo, or the ''Land of 
Parrots," on the west coast of Africa, about fifteen mi'es 
north of the equator. From its being irec fiom boasts of prey 
and wild animals of any kind,Jio has given it the name of 
"African Paradise." This island has no inhabitants, save a 
few negroes and numerous flocks of birds that come from the 
main land to pass the night on it. Among the ditiereut kinds 
of birds that seek an asylum on its shores are pelicans, long 
legged cranes and other fijh-eating birds; but parrots, with gray 
plumage and red tails, constitute the majority of the winged 
creatures of this island. Hundreds of tliem gather upon the 
trees, and towards morning, when they awake from their slum- 
bers, they set up a chattering as though, to use the words of 
Paul Du Chaillu, "all the bcilsof a great city were lingingand 
all the milk nun and servant girls cheiein were having a sim- 
ultaneous confih." So soon as daj-light appears, they take 
their flight again to the main land, and by sunrise not oue of 
their numbers is Itfi upon the island. 

On one of his visits to this island, the King, who wears a 
woolen cap and carries a cane in the place of a crown and sjcp 
tre, took a great liking to Paul and set his wives to cooldng 
dinner for him and his companions; but in a few days they had 
exhausted all the King's stores of provisions, and had to de- 
pend uiion parrots for food during the rest of their slaj'. Tliey 
found it no easy unUtcr to get within gunshot oi the shy crea- 
tures, during daylight; but Paul, having discovered a tree wliich 
seemed to be a favorite roosling-place, made a path to it dur- 
ing tlio day, and in the darkest liour, just before dawn, with 
rifle in hand he crept along tiiis path and when witlin gun -hot, 
fired both barrels at once. When daylight came he found tiiat 
twenty parrots had been slain by that one double shot. The 
conK'qucnce was, lie had a grand feast,— parrot soup, pa rois 
joasted and parrots broiled. The next night, the parrots kept 
.shy of that tree, and notcno ventured to roost upon it. 

A short lime after this, Paul took up his quarters in a village 
i-iluated in a dense forest, where birds and wild boars ex sted 
and leopards were plentiful. One night he heard a Strang j and 
tnusual noise and a cackling among his fuwls, and tliiuking 
some one was trying to steal them, he wont out and found him- 
self face lo face witli an enoimous leopard. For a lew seconds 
both stood aiid staled at each other, at a distance of not more 
than six yards. Then Paul rushed into the house fur his riCr, 
but on coming out again found that IMr. Leopard was gene. 
The next nifilit he tied a goat to a tree, at the edge of the 
Ibrest, and with liis rifle ready loaded, scaled h'msclf against 
another tree, a sliort distance oil', and waited patiently for his 
enemy of the previous night. Hour after lioi-r he waited but 
no leopard came; when, uj-on louking towaids the tree to which 
ho had tied the goat, 1,0 goat wa- to be fx-cn, and he cone udc-i 



he liad been napping some of the time. Creeping slyly along 
towards the spot lie found marks of blood, and upon lighting a 
torch he spied the tracks of the Ifopard, which had carried off 
the goat without awakening the hunter, who felt thankful that 
it was the goat instead of himself that had been taken. 

Aiuong many other wonderful discoveries he mentions having 
came upon a creek of snakes. It was towards the close of 
March and the sun was povrinS down his hottest rays. Paul 
was in a canoe engaged in ixplorjig the country by water and 
noticed that snakes were becoming very plentiful, he had not 
proceeded very fur wlien he found that he was in a creek of 

"What a horrid sight!" said he. "They were of all colons 
and sizes: some were small and slender, others short and thick. 
One peculiar kind stru-.k me at once as one that I had never 
seen before. It swam not far from our canoe, and appeared to 
be of a bright orange yellow color. I am sure it was a very 
venomous one, one whose bite would kill a man in less than 
five minutes, for- die head was very triangular. Then came a 
large black one, with a yellow stripe on the belly; it appeared to 
me to be t;n feet long; the back shone as if it had been oiled. 
'1 his fidiow I also knew to be very poisonous; so when ho raised 
his head above the water, 1 sent a load of small shot into it, 
literally crushing it to pieces. Then we went immediately at 
him, and with a few strokes of the paddles we finished iiimup. 
I Was going to make oft' when two of the slaves wlio were of 
our jiaity said we must put it in our canoe and they should eat 
the tellow in the evening. This created a great laugh from my 
Commi boys; and after making sure that the loath: ome crea- 
ture was dead, we fished him out ot the water. There was 
at first a jumping about of the men, which I was afraid would 
upset the canoe, in which case we wou'd have been in a pretty 
Hi, swimming about in a stream filled with snakes. At last 
wder was resj||ed; thesjiake was cut into several pieces, which 
etfntWSed' to move and^most ai)peared like several separate 
snakes. The pieces were put into a basket and the eyes of my 
Apingis began to shine with delight, and it made their mouths 
water, they said, to think of the nice meal they were going to 
have in the evening. 

Just at this moment, I spied one of these black snakeS try- 
ing to get into our canoe by the bow. 1 n-.ade a tremendous 
leap, as if i had been bitten by a scorpion, tho sight was so 
sudden. I took my gun, loaded with small shot — the best load 
to kill serpents witli — and fiied, cutting tlie saucy fellow ia 
two; then we ]!add!ed on, leaving Master Snake to take caro 
of fiimself, knowing that his case had been settled. 

{To be Continued.) 



Is published ia Suit Lake City, Utali Tcn-itory^ 
EVEllY OTIIEK SATURDAY 



CEORCE 0. CANiOH, EDITOK & PUBLISHER. 



b'inffle Copy, 2^cr A niium •••• 
Single Copy, for Six Monilis 



.$3 00 
. J 50 



aS" It is cxpoetetl wliere n^'onts forward name? tlipy wil! he responsible 
for tlie lia]iirs lliu.-i oicliied; mid wLeil Casll puj llli-Uts I'.re niadi', tlley will 
plcaseforwiird tl.ini w Itli the iL'tlor containing the names of the subsciiljcrs. 

«B- fii-ain lirouR-lit to t^lis Tity for the JuvFNir.E TN.<.THi;nTOK will be 
icceivcd at the otlke uf our paper- 1 Ejii. i;r Xews liuiLui.Nos. 



rA 






* iytn^'*vsm^^ 



i3;^sa3»sai!C«0!SESiE:Tr^waar^cTXKS:t3SJHsrr:T»B9niCE:rs;^: 



SSSSBBOSS^fStS 



^^tw^ 



