olhtess to t\t $jorfo! 











VOL. S. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JULY 18, 1873. 



NO, 15. 



ESQUIMAUX A 35T 3D THEIR/ 3D O C3- S . 



rpiIE Arctic 
J. or Esqui- 
maux dogs are 
exceed ingly 
useful to the 
natives of the 
Polar regious. 
They are the 
devoted ser- 
vants and com- 
panions of their 
masters, and 
carry burdens 
for them while 
pursuing game 
in the Sum- 
mer, and draw 
sledges over tli3 
trackless snows 
in Winter. 
They have also 
been very use- 
ful to the Eng- 
lish and Ameri- 
can explorers, 
and the latter 
could not have 
made the dis- 
coveries they 
have done, had 
it not been fur 
these strong, 
sagacious, and 
trusty animals, 
who have car- 
ried them over 
the frozen 
plans at the 
rate of sixty 
miles a day. 

('aptain Par- 
ry, who fre- 
quently travel- 
ed in the Esqui- 
maux sledges, 
tells us in lii-t 
journal, that a 
number of dogs, 




varying from 
six to twelve, 
are attached to 
each sledge by 
means of a sim- 
ple trace, but 
with no reins. 
An old and tri- 
ed dog is placed 
as the leader, 
who steadily 
obeys the voice 
ol the driver. 
When the Es- 
quimaux are 
journeying 
homeward, o r 
travelling to 
some spot well 
known to the 
leader, he is 
suffered to go 
his own course; 
for, although 
every trace of 
the road is lost 
in the drifting 
snow, he scents 
it out, and fol- 
lows it with the 
greatest ease. 
Should night 
overtake them, 
and no place of 
shelter be at 
hand, the dogs 
share in their 
master's scanty 
meal; and when 
he lies down 
on his couch ol 
snow to sleep, 
they or w d 
rouid him to 
keep him warm, 
and to guard 
him from dan- 
ger. 



'Jfc?- 



11.4: 



JTJYBITILE I1TSTETJOTOB 




H T S T O IR, Y OF 

G H XJ K/ O HZ. 
( Continued. ) 



T li E 



\l T HILE at Winter Quarters, ou the 17th of February, 1847, 
II President Young had a very interesting dream which he 
related to the brethren. He dreamed that he went to see 
Joseph, the Prophet, and when he met him he looked perfectly 
natural, lie appeared to be sitting in a chair at the lime. 
President Young txik hold of his right hand and kissed him 
many times, and said to him ; 

" Why is it we cannot be together as we used to be ? You 
have been from us a long time; we want your society and do 
Dot like to be separated from you." 

Joseph rose from his chair, and looked at him with his usual 
earnest, expressive and pleasing countenance, and said : " It is 
all right." 

President Young repeated that he did not like to be away 
from him. Joseph said ; 

" It is all right. We cannot bo together yet; we shall be by 
and by, but you will have to do without me for a while; then 
we shall be together again." 

President Young discovered there was a hand-rail between 
Joseph and himself. Josepb stood by a window, and at the 



They are also very useful in scenting out the seals and other 
animals on which the natives live, and in leading the latter to 
them. They learn, too, the presence of great danger, by the 
breaking up of the ice, much sooner than the Esquimaux 
themselves can. On Christmas Pay, 1ST 1 , Captain Hall, late 
commander of the present American exploring expedition in 
the north Polar regions, sent out a party in search of seals. 
A number of these dogs were lowered from the ship to the ice, 
aud tackled to sledges by the Esquimaux, whom Captain Hall 
hid with him. After half an hour's gallop over the ice, the 
panting dogs suddenly stopped and barked, and pawed the 
surface. One of the Esquimaux — the oldest of the uumber — 
at once knew that the dogs meant to warn them of danger, and 
he immediately bounded from his seat and turned the dogs' 
heads towards the ship. In half the time it took to reach the 
distance they had traveled from the l'olartx^ the eager dogs 
pulled up beside the ship. Clouds were now assembling, and 
the atmosphere felt misty and bleak, and a short time after the 
party got ou board, the ice broke up, and the Polaris was 
separated from it. Had it not been for the warning of the 
dogs, the members of the party would have been carried to sea 
on floating pieces of ice, and few, if any, could have been 
saved. 

Dogs generally become strongly attached to their masters, 
and are very faithful to them. This is especially the case with 
the Arctic dogs. In Summer they are not needed so much, and 
many of them are turned adrift to provide for themselves, which 
they do by catchiug while foxes, bears, and other animals. 
When there are several of them together, they do not hesitate 
to attack a bear. As soon as Winter comes, and they think 
they are needed again, each dog returns to its respective mas- 
ter, which is certainly a strong proof of sagacity aud attach- 
ment. 

Some of these dogs are owned by the Moravian and Danish 
missionaries in Greenland and Labrador, aud by the Church of 
England missionaries in the northern parts of British America, 
and by means of them the widely scattered stations are reached 
more easily in Winter than in Summer; while without them 
many of these stations would have to be unvisited. Indeed, in 
many of these desolate regions it would be difficult for the 
missionaries, or even the natives to live at all without these 
wry useful animals. 



southwest of him it Was very light, but President Young was 
in the twilight, and to the north of him it was very dark. 
President Young said : 

"The brethren you know web, better than I do; you raised 
them up and brought the priesthood to us. They have a great 
anxiety to understand the law of adoption or the sealbig princi- 
ple, and if you have a word of counsel for me I shall be glad to 
receive it." 

Joseph steppid towards him, looked very earnestly yet 
pleasantly, aud said : 

"Tell the brethren to be humble and faithful and be sure to 
keep the Spirit of the Lord, and it will lead them aright. Be 
.careful and not turn away the small, still voice; it will teach 
them what to do and where to go; it will yield the fruits of the 
kingdom. Tell the brethren to keep their heart open to con- 
viction, so that when the Holy Ghost comes to them their 
hearts will be ready to receive it. They can tell the Spirit of 
the Lord from all other spirits — it will whisper peace and joy 
to their souls; it will take malice, hatred, strife and all evil 
from their hearts, and their whole desire will be to do good, 
bring forth righteousness and build up the kingdom of God. 
Tell the brethren if they will follow the Spirit of the Lord, 
they will go right. Be sure to tell the brethren to keep the 
Spirit of the Lord; aud if they will, they will find themselves 
just as they were organized by our Father in heaven before 
they came iuo the world. Our Father in heaven organized the 
human family, but they are all disorganized and in great con- 
fusion." 

Joseph then showed President Young the pattern how the 
human family were in the beginning. He saw where the 
priesthood had been taken from the earth, aud how it had to 
be joined together so that there would be a perfect chain from 
Father Adam to his latest posterity. 

Joseph again said to him "Tell the people to be sure to 
keep the Spirit of the Lord and follow it and it will lead (hem 
just right." 

Such a dream was very consoling to President Young and 
instructive to the people. From it we can learn how important 
it is to keep the Spirit of the Lord. No man or people can 
prosper who do not have it as their guide. 

The news reached Winter Quarters about this time of the 
hanging by the mob near Farmington, in Iowa, of Brother 
William H. Folsom. They did not kill him outright; but his 
friends had much difficulty in restoring him to life. They also 
hung Brother Rodney Swazey by the heels for about five 
minutes. Six other brethren were also hung by then ; 
and in this manner the Saints were treated by mobocrats 
in that vicinity, after having been expelled from their homes 
and robbed of nearly all they possessed by the mob at 
Nauvoo. 

President Young, while at Winter Quarters, obtained a copy 
of a revelation, purporting to have been received by James J. 
Strang, a man who claimed to be president of the Church after 
the Prophet Joseph's death, and who was the means of leading 
away a number of people. This revelation was not really 
written by Strang; but was forged by a man named Charles 
Wesley Wandell, for the purpose of entrapping those who 
believed in Strang's doctrine at Nauvoo. They f 11 into the 
trap which he had prepared for them, and John E. Page, one 
of the Twelve Apostles who had apostatized just before the 
Church left Nauvoo, believed it to be a true revelation, and 
bore public testimony to it being from the Almighty. The 
success of this trick afforded much merriment to Wandell and 
his friends, aud they thought it a most excellent joke; but in 
thus assuming to write a revelation in the name of the Lord, 
lie did not perceive that he placed himself in the power 
of Satan. He probably thought that his intent was good 
in thus trying to expose wickedness; but it is a serious 
thing fur a man to trifle with sacred subjects and to use 



& 




% 



JTJ~V~ttl<TTl-,tt HTSTRTJOTOR. 



115 




•s 



the Dame of the Lord falsely and for purposes of decepiion. 
Wandell's course since that time should be a wamiDg to all 
others to avoid doing evil that good or supposed good might 
come. 

In prepariug to go with the pioneer company from Winter 
Quarters to the Great Basin, President Young and his brethren 
took the necessary precautious to insure the safety and good 
government of the Saints who remained behind while they 
should make the trip. Ample counsel was given upon this and 
kindred subjects, aud measures were taken to build a stockade 
around Winter Quarters, and to have the people labor together 
unitedly. Houses that were outside of, the established line for 
the stockade were moved inside, and everything was done that 
could be to secure the people from Indian attacks. Those who 
were living in "dugouts," as the houses were cailed which were 
dug in the sides of the hill, were counseled to build houses on 
the top of the ground to live in during the Summer, so that sick- 
ness might be avoided. Other counsel was given in relation to 
their buildings which would increase the healthfulness and 
comfort of the residents. President Young gave excellent 
counsel to the authorities and the people respecting their deal- 
ings with the Indians. He condemned the practice of shooting 
Indians, so common among other communities settled in the 
Indian country, for any and every offence that they might com- 
mit, and advised the brethren to avoid encouraging or giving 
place to feelings of hostility and bloodshed. Arrangements 
were also made to take care of the poor and the families of the 
brethreu who had gone iu the battalion. The brethren who 
had gone to Punca were instructed to move down to Winter 
Quarters as quickly as possible and to put in a Spring 
crop. 

Bishop Miller, who had been the leader of the company to 
Punca, was already at Winter Quarters. He had indulged in a 
spirit that was i.ot of God for some time, and his mind was 
clouded with darkness. While preparations were being made 
for the pioneers to go west, at a meeting of the Twelve Apostles 
and other Elders, he gave his views relative to the Church 
removing to Texas, to the country lying between the Neuces 
and the Rio Grande rivers. That was the best country, he 
thought, for the Chmvh to emigrate to. Lyman Wight was 
already in Texas whither he had gone from Nauvoo, tak- 
ing with him such as would follow his guidance. Miller's 
inclinations were in the same direction. President Young 
informed Mdlcr that his views were wild aud visionary; that 
when the Saints moved from that point they would go to the 
Great Basin, where they would soon form a nucleus of strength 
and power sufficient to cope with mobs; but this had little 
effect upon Miller. He soon afterwards left Winter Quarters 
with his family and a few others over whom he had influence, 
and went to Texas where he joined Lyman Wight. He lived 
there for a while until he aud Wight quarrelled, when he 
moved north again and j< lined Strang, and died an apostate 
from the Church. 

On the 5th of April, 1S47, Brother Heber C. Kimball 
moved out from Winter Quarters about four miles, with six of 
his teams, which he ha 1 prepared to form part of the pioneer 
equipment to go to find a place in the Far West where the 
Saints could dwell in peace and security. General Conference 
was held the next day at Winter Quarters, and ou the 7th 
Presideut Young started and joined the camp, which was then 
located about ten miles west of Winter Quarters. The 
pioneer company when formed numbered one hundred and 
forty-three men and seventy-three wagons. Sister Clara 
P. Young, wife of President Brigham Young, Sister Ellen 
S. Kimball, wife u' President Heber C. Kimball, and 
Sister Harriet P. Young, wife of Brother Lorenzo D. Young, 
accompanied theil husbands, and were the iinly sislns iu the 
camp. 

( To be continued. > 



QUESTIONS -A.ZSTID .A. ZLST 

sw:e:r,s oisr tike book: 
on? :vi:o-R,:m:oisj\ 



(J A T K C II I S II 



FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 

(Continued.) 



. LESSON XXIX. 

Q. — What were the names of the three who went with Amnion? 

A. — Amalekl, Hclcm and Hem. 

Q. — What happened to thcra V 

A. — They were taken by the guards of the King of Sliilom and 
Nepal and put in prison. 

Q. — Who was the king here spoken of? 

A. — His name was Limhi, the son of Noah. 

tj. — Who was Noah ? 

A.— He was the son of Zeniff, who was the leader of the people 
which left Zarahemla to settle in that land. 

Q. — Was Zeniff a king also ? 

A.— Yes. 

Q. — How was he made king? 

A. — By the voice of the people. 

Q — Why were Amnion and his brethren put in prison by the guards 
of the king ? 

A. — Because they thought that they were enemies. 

Q. — When Limhi and his people learned who they were, how did 
they feel ? 

A.— They were exceedingly glad. 

Q. — What was the idea that prevailed anions the people of Limhi 
concerning the people of ^arahemla? 

A. — Tbey thought tttej had been destroyed. 

Q.— Why did they so think ? 

A. — Because King Limhi had sent a small number of men to search 
for the land and they had found a land which had been inhabited, 
but the inhabitants of which had been destroyed. 

Q. — Did they suppose that this was the land of Zarahemla? 

A. — Yes, and so repotted to the king. 

Q. — What did this company of men bring hack with them ? 

A. — Tbey brought twenty-four plates cf gold, filled with eng'n'. ■ 
ings. 

<J. — Did they bring anything el>-c? 

A. — Y r es; breastplates of brass and copper, and swords. 

LESSON XXX. 

(J.— What did these platc6 prove to be ? 

A. — The record of the Jareditcs. 

Q. — Who had prepared it ? 

A. — Ether, the last of the Jaredilc prophets. 

Q. — What was the condition of Limhi and his people when Amnion 
found them ? 

A. — They were in bondage to the Lamanites. 

Q. — What taxes did they pay to the Lamanites ? 

A. — They paid one half of all their grain aud produce, half the 
increase of their (locks and half of all they possessed. 

(J. — If they refused to pay these taxes what was the punishment ? 

A.— They were threatened with death. 

t). — By what means did Zeniff and his people get possession of the 
land where Amnion found their descendants living? 

A. — The king of the Lamanites gave it up to Ze ill and his 
people. 

Q,— Was this because the Lamanites loved the Nephites ? 

A. No, but by so doing they thought to gain advantage over 

them. 

q. How' long ('id Zeuifl' and bis people live at peace with the 

Lamanites ? 

A. — Twelve years. 

Q. — What happened then V 

A. The king of the Lamanites feared the Ncpltitcs \u re growing 

too strong. 

lj. — What did the L mites do? 

A.— They made a raid upon the Nephites? 

CJ.— What weic the results of this raid ! 

A._They killed a number of No|-hite6 and stole their Hocks and 
their grain. 

^ T() lii mitfiitittil . ) 



rP 




r=-. o 



116 



JTJVEITILE I1TSTRTJCTOR 




tEfie Suftetiite ittsf cu.cfor. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JULY 19, 1873. 

STJTJSriDA.Y SCHOOL G-^TIEi- 
E"R-I2STC3- J± r £ LOG^TST. 




X the morning of Sunday, Juue 28th last, 
several hundred children, belonging to the 
Sunday schools of the various Wards of 
the city, assembled in the Bowery at 
Logan city, and, after singing and prayer, 
they were addressed by Presidents George 
Q. Cannon and George A. Smith, the 
former President of the Territorial Sun- 
day School Union. The instructions 
imparted in the addresses were so excel- 
ent and so well adapted to the young, that we 
preseut them to our readers, and we hope they 
will read them carefully and heed the advice 
they contain. All boys and sirls who will do so 
will reap the advantage in days to come, for 



f.- 1 ' 

* 



i^. tbey will thereby be preparing themselves to spe .d 
rip useful and happy lives, and that is much more to be 
^ desire 1 than all the riches and honors of the world. 




The following is the address of 
PRESIDENT CANNON. 

I am very much pleased to see so many children this uiorn- 
ing and to know that such interest is taken in Sunday schools 
in tlti— trail y. By the reports which I have received from the 
various parts of the Territory I find that the Sunday schools in 
Cache I'liiiitY arc in a better condition than in any other 
county in the Territory. They have a larger and more regular 
attendance and in sustaining theui a more liberal spirit is 
manifested than in any other county from which reports have 
been received. 1 am therefore pleased to meet with you this 
morning and to see you, and I mention this for your encourage- 
ment, bi cause I think it is exceedingly creditable to the people 
of this valley. It the reports are to be taken as an index the 
children of this county are more favored than those ol any other in 
the Territory, because where there i^a great deal of interest taken 
in the w share of children tbey must be benefitted thereby; and I 
hop- all these children —boys and girls— appreciate the kindness 
and Z al manifested by their teachers in instructing and trail leg 
them in things which they will End useful in future years. 

There is however, a great deal of interest manifested in 
every part of the Territory, and this interest is growing. A 
great many are beginning to f>< 1 that it is of great importance 
thai we should look alter our children, and that tbey should be 
irly brought to Sunday school. Many parents who have 
I,, n tofore !• I' some di gree of indifference on this subject, are 
beginning to ink.- grt al iutt rest in seeding tbi ir children to the 
Sunday xchcol. I am happy to see that a large number of 
youog ladies and ycu g gentlemen are devoting themselves to 
t, achit .'. 1 can t ol think of any better Geld for p ©pie, either 

youog or olJ, to labor in than the Sunday stl I. You little 

folks who are le re (bis Uiornilig, and who attend Sunday 
regularly, will probably never forget, not even when 
bowed down with old age, the teachings you received in Sun- 
day schools. Probul-ly you will remember them better than 
anything yon I, am in after life, lb re you gel y -nr habits 
formed, yon receive teachings thai are good for you. and that 
you should i rv and remember 



1 hope there are no boys and no girls, belonging to any Sun- 
day school in this valley, who fail to be good and pleasant in 
school, and obedient to their teachers. It would be very wrong 
in you to be disobedient and unruly when your teachers, with- 
out any reward for their trouble, take such pains and come here 
every Sabbath for the purpose ol instructing you. It would be 
most ungrateful and unkind for you little boys and girls to 
disobey or to treat your teachers with disrespect. They teach 
you the things of the Kingdom of God, which they know, and 
which, if you lead righteous lives, you will know in after years. 

I hope all of you observe the Word of Wisdom. I expect 
you all know what that m^ans, do you not? Is it according to 
the Word of Wisdom to drink tea and coffee ? (No sir.) To 
chew tobacco? (No sir.) To smoke? (No sir.) To drink 
whisky? (No sir.) Does the man \*he> gets drunk obe;«'he 
Word of Wisdom? (No sir.) You know that it is wrong to 
get the worse for liquor, do you not? (Yes sir.) I hope you 
will always think so, aud that you will always think it is wrong 
to drink tea, coffee or whisky and to smoke and chew tobacco. 
There is no necessity for you to do these things. You can 
grow up and be much healthier and stronger without than with 
them. It is not healthy to drink liquor, it is not healthy to 
smoke or chew tobacco, and if you always remember this and 
let t'tese things alone it will be much better for you. No matter 
what other children do, you do right. If you see any of your 
acquaintances, either boys or girls, indulging in any of these 
bad practices I have named, you make up your minds now, 
while you are young, before ever the taste for any of them is 
formed in you, that you will never use them. It will be far 
easier for you to do this thau for those who use them to leave 
them off, for the man or woman who uses any of these things 
becomes a slave to them and lecls miserable unless the craving 
for them is constantly indulged. The man accustomed to 
using tobacco is one of the most miserable beings in the world 
if deprived of it. You might give him the best of all food, and 
everything else he could ask for and he is miserable without 
his tobacco. It is just the i-amc with him who acquires a taste 
for liquor. Think of this, and never fall into these habits, and 
you will escape the inconvenience and discomfort of those who 
use them. You may drink water or milk, as i f.en as necessary, 
and they produce no narcotic effects, they create no cra\i : ig ftr 
them, and if depriv d of either you have none of that discom- 
fort experienced by those who use tea, Ct ffe o, tobacco or liquor 
when deprived of them. These habits make tlaves of their 
victims aud they feel that they cannot do without them. If 
there is anything that a person can not do without, it is his 
master, and he its slave, and that is a very bad position for 
anybody to be in. 1 hope you will remember this. 

There is another thing I wish to impress upon the minds of 
the boys and gitls who are here this morning, and that is to 
always tell the truth. He is a coward who does not tell the 
truth; she is a coward who does not tell the truth. You would 
not like to be called cowards, but recollect that if ever you feel 
tempted to tell a lie it is cowardice which prompts you to do it. 
You are cowardly when you do not tell the truth. Says a boy 
" If J do tell the truth 1 may 'get whipped." It is better to be 
whipped for telling the truth than to save yourselves from it by 
tilling a lie, although no wise parent or teacher Would whip a 
child for telling the truth. Hut do you not sec that if you tell 
a lie to avoid a whipping, it is fear which causes yen to lie? 
The boy or gill who is afraid to tell the truth tor (ear of a 
whipping is a coward. Always remember that it is cowardly 
to tell a lie, but brave to tell the truth. Everybody admires 
the truthteller. If, when you do wrong, you frankly and bravely 
own, "1 did that," your parents will lei 1 thankful that they 
hive a Mm or a daughter who i^ brave enough to tell the troth, 
and though they will disapprove this wrong committed, they 
will feel in their hearts to bless you for telling the truth. 
I'lo lie continued ) 





0" TJ "V IE 3ST I L IE INSTBTJCTOR. 



117 




A. CURIOUS BRIDGE. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



HERE we have a beautiful engraving of a very curious 
bridge. The original of die scene represented is in a 
country very far from ours, Ceylon is its name. Ceylon is a 
large island lying very close to the southernmost extremity of 
Hindostan. It is one of the most fertile countries in the 
world. Most tropical or equatoriil countries are rich in the 
great variety cf their vegetable and mineral products, Ceylon 
is wonderfully so. It produces over four hundred kiuds of 
valuable wood, among them satinwood and ebony. The cocoa- 
nut palm is a very valuable tree to the natives, its fruit furnish- 
ing them food and drink, and its wood and leaves being used 
for almost everything that adds to domestic convenience. The 
breadfruit, rice, cinnamon, coffee, tobacco and pepper are 
largely cultivated. Among the mineral p.oducts may be men- 
tioned iron and plumbago or blaeklead, also a great variety 
of precious stones. Its animal products include elephants, 
oxen, buffaloes, deer, monk 'ys, hare, squirrel, porcupine, wild- 
boar, bear, every variety of 
birds common to the tropics, 
fish, crocodiles, scorpions, 
lizards, enormous serpents, 
etc. 

The island has numerous 
small, but no large, livers; 
it has several lol. rably go< d 
harbors, and does a large 
trade with India and Great 
Britain. Its inhabitants, 
nearly two millions in num- 
ber are divided into several 
classes, Hindoos, Cingi 1 'so, 
Moors and Yeddahs. The 
latter inhabit the mountain 
fastnesses, and are Hi tie 
better than savages, being 
totally devoid of civilization. 
The rest of the people at 2 
peaceful, inoffensive and 
ingenious, much more given 
to the arts of peace than 
those of war. Agriculture 
is their principal occupa- 
tion, though like their Hin- 
doo neighbors, many of 
them are very skillful in 
the use of the loom. They 
also manufacture a good 
deal of salt, and some very 
good iron. Coffee is their great agricultural product; and of 
rice they produce two crops a year. 

The principal religion in Ceylon is Buddhism, although 
Christian missionaries from the United Slates and England 
are laboring with some success among ibcui. 

The bridge represented by our engraving is peculiar to the 
Cingaleso. It is slender but strong. It is formed o! the 
ealile-ratan cane, which is sometimes found between two 
hundred and three hundred feet long. The ladder leading 
to the bridge is as curious as the bridge. It lias neither nail 
nor peg in it, but is made of pieces of cano lied together with 
creeping plants, 



€Fiemi$fr(i ol Ifommott %Hu§ 



W^riTE 



MATERIALS. 
ItTO. 2. 




If a man makes mm keep my distance, the comfort is, he 
keeps hi* .ii the same time. 

TlIE weak may be joked out of anything but tie ii vruik- 
ncss. 



IT is quite a feature of the age for men to "gather up the 
fragments, that nothing be lost." It has been a practice 
from the earliest times to take care of waste material in shops 
and manufactories where the precious metals are wrought, such 
as jewelers, goldsmiths, watchmakers, silversmiths and gilders. 
To do this thoroughly every particle of dust is carefully collected 
and laid aside as "sweepings;" even the water used for washing 
the hands of workmen is taken care of and sold to the "sweep- 
washer," as the artisan is called who utilizes these things. 
A heap of rubbish seen in a refiner's yard would by no means 

impress the uninitiated with 
.,. an idea of wealth; but there 

is wealth in such waste 
material. Red pieces of 
buff-leather that have been 
used for polishing with 
crocus or rtuge, prepara- 
tions of the per-oxide of 
iron (hematite); filaments 
of cotton in tatters, worn 
out by polishing ear-rings, 
finger-rings, bracelets; frag- 
ments of brushes that have 
done duty in polishing 
chains and fretwork (fila- 
gree in gold and silver), 
leather aprons that have 
been used by workmen till 
they arc heavy with grease 
and gold; pieces of stick- 
worn at the point by friction 
in the interstices of jew- 
elry till they resemble a 
stubb brush; remnants of 
paper, rags, iron-wire, food, 
corks — anything but gold 
i r silver may be seen. For 
that heap has been carefully 
looked over time and again 
to pick out. any visible 
particles of the precious 
metals. Not that all that is called gold iu jewelers' workshops 
is such; the term "jewelers' gold" may mean an alloy that is 
worth forty shillings (per ounce) or be perfectly innocent of 
the presence of valuable metals— gold and silver. 

Well, the sweep-washer gives as little as possible for the 
pile, for he knows well there will be as Utile as possible m n 
of any worth to him. He is, however, very careful of it, by 
long experience be knows the glittering void is there. He 
burns it, the motley mass is reduced to smaller compass and 
made manageable. First the iron is separated, that is, binding- 
wire, pieces of tiles and iron dust. A huge magnet does the 
business effectually and quickly. When the ashes are "washed" 
the laws of gravitation cause the heavy metals to 1.11 to the 
bottom, the lighter particles are carried off Again the lire is 
called into requisition, this lime in the crucible, a vessel made 
of refractory material thai will neither melt nor burn away. 
At the bottom of this crucible may be seen a "button" of 
metal, that is what the sweep washer was after, Its weight 
and general appearance to bis practiced eye and touch roughly 








118 



JTTTTIEilETIXjE! I1TSTBUCTOR. 




tells its value. Then conuiieuces the business of the refiuer, 
as described in these pages before, the woik of the sweep- 
washer, the gatherer, conservator and utilizer of this class of 
''waste" is done. 

Copper, lead, ziuc and iron are gathered by the poor of many 
countries. To the praise of :he industrious of this city, few 
pieces of either of these metals can now be found in our streets. 
Even tin scraps and old tin cans are valuable. At Pascoe's 
Works the tin is taken of and preserved, the iron is used for 
fluxing out silver ores. Copper bottoms of boilers and old 
brass kettles do not lie in our creeks uow to contaminate — to 
puison — our water. For copper, and brass especially, speedily 
become entirely changed from the metallic state to that of 
Baits, soluble salts, be it remembered, that dissolve in our 
waters, to be drunk by those who live at places below ! It may 
lie that the dose of copper taken by any one individual is small, 
but the least particle of copper is poisouous. 

It is the demand for these things (the price they will fetch! 
that decides the care of any class of waste material, will they 
be worth collecting? All these things and many others that 
will be named will be worth caring for, they will yet be worth 
money, here, in thin our lovely city. Brni. 



.A. 



[For the Jiiriiiih higtruetttr. 

BOY'S VOYAGE ZROXTHSTID 
THE "WOIE^ILID. 
< 'ontinued.) 



ON tin- 17th of October we sighted the Azores or Western 
Islands, a group of ten small islands situated far out iu the 
Atlantic, halfway betweeu Nantucket and Morocco, and under 
ihe government of Portugal, Tie' next da.v we sailed close in 
t'i Payal, the Island of l'ieo, mi our lee, looming up in the air 
7,613 feet. Approaching the islands from the sea they present 
one of the most beautiful sights I ever saw, sloping upwards 
from the sea, covered with deep greeu vineyards and dotted 
over with white and neat looking houses, the town of Hoita 
nestling at the foot of the slope. The red roofs (tiles) of the 
buildings contrasting pleasantly with the green, the fresh, 
sweet-scented breeze blowing off shore, besides being the first 
foreign laud 1 ever saw, made an impression at the time 1 shall 
ever remember. 

A iM.at was manned to take the captain ashore. 1 did not 
I" long to the boat, consequently to my sorrow, I missed an 
opportunity of more closely examining the beautiful island. 
Hut if I may believe the reports of tbe boat's crew when 
ibey returned 1 was most fortunate, for my ideas of tbe 
beauty of ibe place would have vanished on beholding the 
dirt, misery, poverty and shiftless laziness of the inhabitants. 

When the captain had finished his business on shore he 
returned to the ship, sail was shortened, and tin 1 vessel lay '•off 
and on" until next morning, when we ran close in shore again 
to take- on board tbe potatoes and onions he had bought. At 
the >auic time quite a brisk trade was carried on in the lore. 
castle between the crew and some two iloz'-n Portuguese, our 
boys trading away clothing, tobacco, soap and razors (we all 
bad razors given us by our considerate outfitters, but alas! none 
of us bad beards fir oranges, limes, apricots, tigs, sour wine, 
aguardiente" (whisky), melon-, grapes, tomatoes, straw hats, 
milk and jackass cheese. This cheese is in round cakes about 
four inches in diameter and of tie color of cheese made from 
cow - milk, but totally dissimilar in taste (o any otbr eb, rs, ] 
have eaten. Whether it is made of the milk of tie ass goal 
or cow, I cannot say. but its good taste and appetizing qualities 
I will voueb for. We soon stowed aboard the potatoes and 
onions purchased by tie captain, and at tie' same time added 
six Portuguese to the) crew, fellows the eld man had shipped, 



enticed, smuggled or trapped ou board for the voyage. They 
were poor, ragged and ignorant, and evidently half starved. 
They commenced eating when they came ou board and kept it 
up ever afterwards. How they managed to stow so much away 
in their "lockers" has always been, and always will be, 
mystery to me. They were all " Franciscos," so to distinguish 
them we re-christened them respectively- -Portugee Frank, Jack, 
Autone, Jake, Joe and Cow-cow. Our trading done, the yards 
were braced forward, and the ship's head poiuted southward, 
running past island after island, turning as they faded iu the 
distance from greeu to rose, from rose to purple, and sinking 
from sight iu the golden distance. 

A few days after leaving the Azores, St. Autonio, one of 
the Cape de Verde group, hove iu sight, passing the following 
day St. Vincent and Bravo. These islands arc similar in all 
respects to the Azores, and are ruled by Portugal. 

The course of the ship was now to the south and cast, cruis- 
ing for several days off the coast of Africa-, but not seeing any 
whales the captain concluded to change base, and as we crossed 
the equator her head was pointed to the south aud west, mak- 
ing for the coast of Brazil. After leaving the Azores the boats 
were lowered at every favorable opportunity to discipline the 
boys to the use of the oars. To prevent monotony and to give 
vim and excitement on these occasions, imagiuary whales were 
"raised" by a mate or boat-steerer stationed at the mast head. 
With almost daily exercise at this play the boys were well 
broke in long before we arrived on our new cruising ground. 

Each boat is commanded by one of the officers of the ship, 
called the " boat-header," the captain on most whaling vessels 
commanding one; but in our case, owing to the age and pursy 
build of our captain, the mate had charge of the starboard 
boat, tbe secoud mate the larboard boat, the third mate the 
waist boat, and the fourth mate the bow boat. Besides the 
"boat-header" they have each five men for a crew, one of 
whom is the harpooncr or "boat-steerer," oue mau a bo\T 
oarsman, oue a midship oarsman, one a tub oarsman, and an 
after oarsman. The boats are about twenty-five feet long aud 
four wide, and sharp at both ends, for motion in either direction 
without turning. They are built to enable them to stand a 
very heavy sea, aud yet at the same time they are buoyant and 
light. Near the stern of tbe boat, a little to one side from the 
centre, is placed a strong, upright, round piece of bard wood, 
called the "logger head." The wbaleline, from the tub, passes 
two or three times around this and thence over the oars, 
between the men to the bow of the boat, passing through a 
groove called the "chuck," when it is made fast to the "iron'' 
or harpoon. Each boat has a tub containing about thirteen 
hundred feet of the best three-quarter inch Manilla tow-line, 
carefully coiled, that it may run out clear and free, for should 
anything obstruct its passage, sui b is the velocity of its egress 
that the boat with all its contents would be drawn under the 
surface. There are also four harpoons, two lances, a "lantern- 
keg," containing a lantern, candles, matches, bread, pipes and 
tobacco, a two gallon keg of water, a small fl-ig called a "waif," 
to signal to the ship when the whale is dead, a mast and sail, 
four or five paddles, a knife, a hatchet and a "drug," which is 
a piece of plank sixteen or eighteen inches in diameter, with a 
centre post and short line attached to fasten to the wbaleline to 
check the speed of the whale in sounding or running, All (bur 
boats arc lowered and the race often becomes exciting as to 
which shall be the first boat fast. 

Prom the beginning to the close of the voyage men are sta- 
tioned at the mastheads, looking out for whales, and are 
relieved every two hours. When a fish is seen by any one of 
the men aloft, he immediately sings out, with a peculiar tune, 
"There she blows," and he repeats it as often as the whale 
spouts, 'flu- officer on deck asks "Where away?" and the 
lookout glVCS tie- direction of the whale from Ihe ship. The 
officer then asks "Mow far oil?" ami the distance is given, 



rvf' 



^ 




.^^- -^.^-:-^^— ■ 



JTJYENILE INSTRTJCTOE, 



119 




If pot over a mile away the captain orders "All hands stand by 
the boats, lower away.'' Every man by this time is ready, 
with no clothing on but shirt, pants and cap, the main-yard is 
hauled a-back, and away dash the boats for the whale. 

In December we were oft' the river Rio de la Plata, at one 
time quite a profitable cruising ground for whalemen, bat notori- 
ous as a region for heavy gaL'S from the south-west, called 
" pomperos." ( )ur captain designed cruising here a few weeks 
previous to doubling the Cape, and fortune seemed to favor us, 
fcr the first Sunday after our arrival the man at the mast-head 
shouted the ever welcome — "Ah blow, ah blow," "sperm 
whales, sir, two poinls off the le .-bow, not half a mile off, sir." 
B.ots and sea pumps were off in a gift'y, the main-yard 
hauled a-back, the boats lowered, and away. The mate's boat 
had the start aud was soon fast to a fish. This alarmed the 
"school," and away they went to windward "eyes out." We 
had a long pull, but could not come up with them, and so we 
returned to assist the mate, (I pulled the tub oar in the second 
mate's boat) but we found the work accomplished. He was 
preparing to tow his dead fish to the ship. The whale was 
soon secured with a "fluke chain" along side the vessel, and it 
is needless to say that it was examined, criticised and talked 
about in the forecastle by the crew as a perfect wonder. But 
our work was not done — the whale must be "cut in" and 
'• tryde out." No time is lost on a whale-ship. Night or day, 
Sunday or week day, the work must go on. 

" Six days shall thou labor and do all thou art able. 
And on the seventh, holy-stone the decks ami scrape the cable." 
( To he continued.) 



ANECDOTES OF WILD 

J^^TIIvI^^XjS, ETC. 

( Continued, ) 



WE close the extracts, in this number, from the work of 
Mr. Girard, by giving you his narration of his second 
encounter with a lion. This lion had also created havoc and 
destruction in an Arab douar, or village, and it was just on the 
outskirts of this village that the lion, while on one ol his nightly 
visits, was killed. Our hunter and his Arab companions had 
watched very anxiously, but in vain, for the appearance of the 
beast until about an hour after midnight. He says : 

"I had taken the precaution to have all the dogs tied up 
under the tents so as to quiet their customary clamor, and now 
in the midst of this dead silence around me I could detect the 
faintest noise or motion. Up to this time the heavens had 
been serene and the moon clear; but soon clouds gathered in 
the west, and came scudding past before a warm, sultry wind; 
a little later, the sky was all overcast, the moon was gone, and 
the thunder rolled around us in heavy peals, announcing a com- 
ing tempest. 

"Then the rain f> II in torrents, and drenching my com- 
panions they awoke, and wo consulted for a moment about 
returning to the douar. But while we were talking, an Arab 
called from the camp, ' Beware! the lion will couic with the 
s orm 1' 

"It is needless to say that this decided me to remain at my 
post, and I covered the locks of my gun with the skirts of my 
coat, while Saadi-bou Xar draped himself in his burnous with 
the heroic resignation of a beaver. 

" Soon the rain ceased, like all rains that accompany a thun- 
der gust, and we only saw its passage by the lightning that 
tracked the distant horizon, and the moon, more brilliant than 
ever, came in and out from the fleecy clouds over our heads, 
i took advantage oi every one of these short instants of clear 
sky to survey tha country about Die, and to sound each clump 



of trees or fallen log, and it was in one of these brief moments 
that all of a sudden I thought I saw the lion. 

'' I waited breathless till the moon came out again. Yes, by 
Jove ! it was he, standing motionless only a few paces from the 
douar. 

"Accustomed to see fires lighted at every tent, to hear a 
hundred dogs barking in terror, and to see the men of the 
douar hurling lighted brands at him, he, without doubt, was at 
a loss to explain the rather suspicious silence that reigned 
around him. 

"While I was turning slowly around in order to take better 
aim, without being seen by the animal, a cloud shut out the 
moon. I was seated with my left elbow on my knee, my rifle 
at my shoulder, watching by turns the lion that I only recog- 
nized as a confused mass, and the passing cloud, whose length 
I anxiously regarded. 

"At last the scud passed, and the moonlight, dearer to me 
than the most beautiful sunshine, illuminated the picture, 
and again showed uie the lion still standing in the same 
place. 

" I saw him the better, as he was so much raised above me. 
and he loomed up proudly magnificent, standing as he was in 
majestic repose, with his head high in air, and his flowing 
mane undulating in the wind, and falling to his knees. It was 
a black lion, of noble form and the largest size. As he pre- 
sented his side to me, I aimed just behind his shoulder, and 
fired. 

" I heard a fierce roar of mingled pain and rage echoing up 
the hills with the report of my gun, and then from under the 
smoke I saw the lion bounding upon me. 

" Saadi-bou-Nar, roused the second time that niaht from his 
slumbers, sprang to his gun, and was about to fire over my 
shoulder. With a motion of my arm I pushed aside the 
barrel of his gun, and when the beast, still roaring furiously, 
was within three st'ps of me I tired my second barrel directly 
in his breast. 

"Before I could stize my companion's gun, the lion rolled at 
my feet, bathing them in the blood that leaped in torrents 
from his throat. 

" He had fallen dead so near me that I could have touched 
him from where I stood. 

"At the first moment I thought I was dreaming, and that it 
was impossible that the huge bulk that lay motionless belore me 
was the same animal that, endowed with superhuman strength, 
and vomiting poals of thunder, was just before leaping through 
the air. 

" But the cries of Saadi-bou-Nar calling the Arabs of the 
douar proved to me that it was no dream. I can not explain 
the reason, but the death of the lion did not give me the same 
pleasure as that of my first victim; but how coul 1 it be other- 
wise? 

" lu looking for my balls I found the first one, the one that 
had not killed, just behind the shoulder where 1 had intended 
it to hit, aud the second, that had been fired in haste, and 
almost at hazard, had been the one that was mortal. From 
this moment I learned that it does not suftice to aim correctly 
to kill a lion, and that it is a feat infinitely more serious than I 
had at first supposed. 

" But slowly my preoccupation became dissipated, and little 
by little, as I contemplated the lordly grace of my victim 
crouched at my feet in death, and heard the reports of musketry 
carrying the fame of my victory from camp to camp, I became 
less thoughtful, and drank with pleasure the intoxicating cup 
of success. 

" Nevertheless I wondered at the lethargy of the Arabs, who 
had not yet come out from their douar; but Saadi-bou Nar 
explained this apparent indifference by saying that I hey were 
afraid the lion was not yet dead. 

I TO In iil'hnu (I ) 



Y P . 



4 



.^;-i;_>. « 



ISO 



JTJYEITILB HTSTE-UCTOR. 




QUBSTIOITS ^HSTID .A.IT- 

8WERS OlST THE 

BIBLE. 



i A I K ' 1 1 I S ,\l 



FOR SUNDAY 

(Qonlinut </.) 



,-m iino i, a. 



Subject — History ok Joskpii 



LESSON XXIX. 



t^. — When Joseph's brethren caruc to Joseph, who was governor of 
the land, what did tliuy do? 

A..— They lutrcd down themselves liefore biui with Uieir lares lo 
the earth. 

ij. — Did Joseph know his brethren ? 

A. — Yes; Inn he made himself strange and spoke roughly unto 
them. 

t>. — What did Joseph say unto them, when he remembered the 
dreams which he dreamed of them ? 

A. — " Ve an' spies; to see the nakedness of the land are ye e in.e." 

Q. — What reply did Joseph's brethren make! 

A. — That they were all one man's sous, that they were tiue men 
and not spies. 

Q.— What else did they tell Joseph ? 

.A — That they were twelve brethren, fie youngest of whom was 
w illi ll.cir father and the other was not. 

<\. — What did Joseph do to them ? 

A. — lie put them all together into ward three days. 

<i. — Whit did Joseph require of them on the third day ': 

A.- That one of theiu should Ik; bound in prison, while the rest 
slorld take com for the famine of their bouses, and should return, 
■_ their youngest brother with thein. 

Q — Which of the brethren was bound and left behind ? 

A. — Simeon. 

t^. — What did J ph command should be placed In the sacks with 

the corn } 

A. — Every man's money. 

Q. — When they bad returned home and told all that had befallen 
them, « but dl I Jacob say ! 

A. — " Mc have ye bereaved of my children: Joseph is not, and 
Simeon Is no^ and ye will lake Benjamin away; all tluse things are 
tgalnsl me." 

LESSON XXX. 

Q.— What did Reuben say to his father ! 

A. — " Sl.iy my two sons, if I bring him not lo thee. 

(j, — Was Jacob then willing to let Benjamin go? 

A. — No; he was fearful that mischief would bcfaU biiu. 

Q. — Aflei the corn that "as brought out of Egypt was eaten up, 
what did tbcli father say? 

A. — " Go again, buy us a HI tic fo id." 

Q. — What did Judah say S 

a . — I bat they iroul l not '-<> without Bcnj imin. 

y. — What did Jacob tell them to take i 

A. — PreMOU of the best fruits of the land and double 111. .ney, 
. ildi - the money found in their sacks. 

q. — When Joseph saw Benjamin with ui> brethren, what did be 
say lo the rulers ..f hU bouse ! 

A. — " Bring these men home, and Slay, and make ready, for these 
-'.ill dine With ine at noon." 

Cj.— When the brethren ol Joscp i beanl this, bow .lid they feel ! 

A — They were afraid. 

<• — What did the steward saytotl , when thej told atioul the 

money being found in their sacks ! 

A. — " Peace be to you, fear not; your G .1, and the <iol of your 
fit her, bath given you treasure in your sark6: I bad your money. " 

y._Wbora did the st. ward bring .mi unto them ! 

A. — Their brother bli m, 

q —When Joseph came bom.-, » hat did bis brethren do? 

A.— They gave hlro presents, and lowed themselves to bun lo the 
. arth. 

i t —What did Joseph ask them ! 

A.— Whether their father mi well, md ycl alii' . 

y.— How dil they reply? 

A.— That their father was In good health; and agnln bowed down 
lb. ir heads, an I i 

77) Is coii'iiiunt, i 




S*t*cf*& Sodpu. 



A. 1ST OLID STORY ZlSTBAATLY 
TOLL. 



Tommy, prowling on the lawn, 
Spied a sparrow, just at dawn, 

t'p and at her labors. 
Secure and sweet she hopped along, 
i >r, flying westward, sanga song 

That roused her sleepy neighl ors. 

11(1 1 Tommy miant to break his fast. 
• That tune, song-sparrow, is your last, 
Whatever you intended. 
Just li'_ r ht down on the grass again : 
I'll eat you up in seconds ten, 
And so your story's ended." 

the sparrow is a little chit, 

And plain of dress, but full of wit, 

So, when upon the grass she lit, 

And Tommy at a bound 
Had whisked her oil' behind a tree, 
And growled, "I'll make a meal of thee," 
She plucked up courage. "Tom," said she, 
" Just set me on the ground; 
And do, I pray you, have the grace, 
liefore you eat, to wash your face." 

Tom was a cat of high degree, 
And used to good society. 
' Your words are wise, you bird," said lie, 
" Though you're a silly creature;" 
Knowing that maimers make the man, 
He sat her down, and slow began 
With dignity (cats only can) 
To wash each solemn feature. 

Scarce was his paw across his nose, 
liefore aloft the sparrow rose, 
from tallest tree the garden grows 

She sends him down a song; 
'0 Tommy! don't you wish yon could 
l-'or breakfast have a sparrow good ! 
Hirds are such dainty, tender food, 

And all to cats belong!" 

Tom eyed her with a rueful u'rln ; 
1 I must say, bird, you took me In. 

but long us I've to stay 
I pon this earth, so full of cheat, 
I )f artful birds and all deceit, 
My breakfast w -hen it's caught I'll eat, 

My face wash when I may." 
And so, you know, 
Do all the race of eats until this day 



JUVENILE USTSTRUCTOR 

Is luili'iHliod in .Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY, 

CEORCE Q CANNON, EDITOR <&. PUBLISHER. 

T K It H » IN A Ii V A NCR 

Htnyle Uupy, per Annum $^ no. 

Drain brought to this city for the JrvK.vn.K Instiuctoh will 
'.. received al theoHloeof paper— DB9BRET N'kws iikii.dinus. 




i^f* 



