
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY. .-El'TEMBEIi ]. lliGS. 



NO. 17. 



9^'. 



THIE 1?.i^BEK.2Nrj^GLE Ilsr THE ^;Ari31jIDEE.ISrESS. 



IX the last number of the Juvenile Instructor we had an 
engraving of the camp of Israel in the wilderness. In 
this number we have another incident which occurred while the 
children of Israel were on their journey to the promised land. 
The scene is a very striking one. You can tell from the dress 
and appearance of the people in the engraving that they are 



oxen is better than our method. We, however, prefer our 
mode of yoking cattle, and think it an easier way than the 
other. Among the Spanish settlers and the tame Indians 
of Calif n'nia they work their cattle with j-okes fastened to their 
horns like these in the engraving. 

After Moses had set up the tabernacle, and had anointed it, 



not residents of the United States or of Europe. Tlieir style and sanctified it and all the instruments thereof, the princes 




of dress is oriental. They are Hebrew.s or Israelites. If you I of Lsracl, the head men of the tribes, made an offering before 
will notice these oxen whicli are behind you will i)erceivc that tlie Lord. Tiiey hrought si.\ covered wagons and twelve oxen 
tliey are yoked to a wagon or cart; but the yoke is of a very 1 before the tabernacle to M 



different sliajie toljiat wliicli we use. Our ox yokes have bows, 
and the yoke rest-; upon tlie ox's neck; but this in the engrav- 
ing is fasteni d in front of the oxen's lieads and is lashed to 
their liorn.s. We have seen it stated that this way of working 



o.ses, as this offering for the service of 
the Lord. That is, there was a wagon for every two princes 
and an ox for each one, there being twelve tribes and a pr'ncc 
I'or every tribe. Moses took tlio wagons and the oxen and gave 
them unto the Lovites, for them to use in carrying everything 



ia 



^^ 



t ^ fg ayyiai 



^7, 130 



0" TJ V E iT Z Xj El 






-,^d 



connected with the tabernacle. You must understand, children, 
that the tabernacle we are talking about, and which Moses 
built in the wilderness, was not such tabernacles as we have 
in Salt Lake City. They are buUt solid — one of adobies, and 
the other of rock and timber; but the one which the childreti 
of Israel had was built of boards and cloth, so that it could be 
put up and pulled down and be moved from place to place. 

You cau see that they are driving the oxen and wagons 
towards the tabernacle. Inside the priest stands at the altar 
offering sac ifice, the smoke of which is seen rising in clouds. 

The da>s on which the altar was dedicated were also great 
days with the people in the wilderuiss Each tribe was repre- 
sented by its prinee, who brought his offerings, one after 
another, before the altar. There were twelve tribes and this 
occupied twelve da}'s. Each prince brought as an offering, 
one silver charger, weif:hing not quite five pounds, one silver 
bowl, weighing a little over two pounds and a half; both of 
these were full of fine flour mingled with oil for a meatoffering; 
also one golden spoon, weighing about four ounces and a half, 
full of incense; one young bullock, one ram and one lamb, for 
a burnt offering; oue kid for a sin offering; and two oxen, five 
rams, five he goats and five lambs for a sacrifice of peace 
offerings. 

Should our little readers desire to know more of these inter- 
resting events, they can find a full record of them in the book 
of Numbers. 



THE STOI^'Y" OIF" 

Selected /rum Jacob Abbott's \f'ritini/s. 



O^ 



AFTER this, Smith was carried to one of the villages of a 
great Indian chief named Powhatan, the most powerful 
ruler in all that part of the country. Powhatan was seated un- 
der a great spreading pine-tree when Smith was brought before 
him. Two of his daughters, young Indian girls, were seated by 
his side. One of them, Pocahontas, was a eliild about twelve 
years old. The other chieftains gathered around, and a consul- 
tation was held to determine what should be done with the 
prisoner. Powhatan, after hearing the case, condemned him 
to die, and the preparations were made to carry the .sentence at 
once into effect. They pinioned his arms, and laid him down 
upon the ground with his head upon a stone, while the execu- 
tioner stood by holding a war-club in his hands, with which, at a 
signal from the king, he was to beat out his brains. But just 
at this moment Pocahontas left her seat, and ruslicd down to 
the place where the poor prisoner was lying, and, throwing her- 
self upon him, she declared that he should not be killed. Her 
father wa.-^ moved by her entreaties, and finally consented to 
spare the pri.<oiier's life, and in the end he let him go free. 

Smith afterward met with a great many other strange and ro- 
inanlic adventures, and performed a great many services of 
inestimable value for the colony. At last he was blown up by 
the accidental explosion of a baa; of gunpowder in a boat in 
which he wascoming down the river, and was injured so much 
that he was obliged to return to England. 

Pocahontas continued a good friend to the I^nglish as long as 
she lived. Indeed, wh n she grew up, she married one of the 
coloni.st,s, and became, in the end, ijuiie a distinguished charac- 
ter in bistoiy. 

The colony o' Jamestown gradually increased after this time, 
and other settlements were made near it. In process of time, 
more colonies, independent of the one in Virginia, were estab- 
lished, both to the north and tu the .south of it, until at last the 
whole southern coast of the United States was occupied with 



settlements from England, and thus the foundations were laid 
of the present Southern States of the American Union. 

New York was first settled by the Dutch, although the place 
where the city stands was first discovered and explored by an 
English captain. The way in which it happened that the 
Dutch were the first to settle there was this: 

There was in those days, in Holland, a very wealthy and pow- 
erful company of merchants, called the Dutch East India Com- 
pany. This coiiijiany employeiLa certain English sea-captain, 
named Hendrick lludson, to endeavor to find, if possible, an 
open way by sea somewhere through North America to the 
East Indies. Hudson had made two voyages to North America 
before, and this was the reason why they employed him. 
They thought he would be more experienced in those seas. 
Besides, he himself wished to go again, and he applied to the 
Dutch company to fit out an expedition and to give him the 
command of it. 

So they fitted him out a small ship, and gave him a crew of 
strong and fearless sailors, and he set sail. His vessel w.is very 
small. It was ol only ninety tons burden. The ships that nav- 
igate the ocean now arc of two or three thousand tons, and some- 
times more. 

Hudson explored the whole coast of North America from 
Newfoundland to South Carolina, but he could not find any 
passage through. When he came to the mouth of the Hudson 
Kiver, he thought at first that it might be a strait leading 
from sea to sea, but after he had sailed up a little way he found 
that it was a river. So he called it the Hudson Iliver, after 
his own name. 

Soon after this he went back to Holland, and told the com- 
[lany that he could not find any passage through the land lead- 
ing to the East Indies, but that he had found a very large and 
noble river, with a very favorable situation for a town near the 
mouth of it, and he advised them to establish a colony there. 
He said that the country was full of Indian tribes, who were 
great hunters and trappers, and that tiiey were accustomed to 
catch an immense number of wild animals in the woods, the 
skins of which would make excellent furs; and that, if they 
would make a settlement at the mouth of this river, they could 
buy almost any quantity of these furs from the Indians in ex- 
change for beads, iron, nails, knives, glass ornaments, and other 
cheap things. 

This plan was adojjtod. The Dutch company sent out several 
ships, and they established (piite a profitable trade for furs with 
the Indians. They made a small settlement where New York 
is now. They built some lug cabins. They soon had quite 
a town. It was not long before they undertook to build a 
vessel there, and this was probably the beginning of ship-build- 
ing in America. 

The reason why the settlers built this vessel was that the one 
which they had at the time was accidentally burned; so they 
felled some trees in the forest near by, and dragged the timbers 
and planks to the shore, and then built a new vessel to take the 
place of the one that was lost. 

The great business of the Dutch colony of New York for a long 
time was trading with the Indians for furs. They accordingly 
did all they could to live on I'riendly terms with the Indians, 
and by thus securing their good-will, they were enabled to make 
long excursions into the interior of the country without being 
molested by them. There was at this time a very great and 
powerful confederacy ol' Indian tribes in what is now the interior 
of the State of New York. The Dutch colonists finally con- 
cluded to strengthen the bands of friendship between them and 
tiio Indians by making formal treaty with them; so they sent 
a delegation of their number up the river, to the i)lace where 
Albany now stands, and invited the Indian chiefs to come there 
and meet them. The Indians came. The Dutch received them 



■^ 



^^ 




J -9 , 



<f9U 



vo i 3 



J- TJ ^ E 3sr I L E3 






jm. 



under a great spreading beech-tree in the woods, and there they 
made a treaty with them. 

The Dutch colony was first settled in New York in the year 
1614. The place was, however, not called New York by the 
Dutch, hut New Amsterdam; Amsterdam being the name of 
one of their own chief cities. The Indian name of the place 
was Manhattan. The English themselves, who had settled in 
Virginia and in other places toward the south, do not seem to 
have known much about this Dutch colony for several years. 
At last an English vessel from Virginia came sailing one day 
into Long Island Sound, and, passing down through the channel 
called East lliver, they came suddenly upon the Duich town. 
The commander of the vessel did not stop to communicate with 
the town, but made all haste to get out of the harbor and go 
back to Virginia. He reported in Virginia what he had dis- 
covered, and then the authorities there immediately sent a 
vessel to New Amsterdam to warn the Dutch settlers away. All 
that land, they said, belonged to the King of England, and they 
had no right to settle there. 

To this the Dutch replied that they found no English there 
when they came, and therefore they had a right to land and take 
posession; and now they had no intention of being driven away. 
(To be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



€ttcl0 ip^pjju^s WUi%%. 



-^XSTU 2cx:vii 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 



[CONTINUED.] 

THE next morning bright and early Mary and Ellen arose 
refreshed with a good night's slumber. After dispatching 
breakfast and attending morning praj'er they took a walk 
through the ship. "What a large house this is!" said Ellen, 
"and what a large company we have on board!" "Yes," 
replied Mary, "and we shall have to live together for at least a 
month, so papa says." "When do you think we shall start?" 
asked Ellen. "1 heard papa say the tug would come to take us 
out to sea this afternoon," replied Mary. "What is the tug?" 
asked Ellen. "The tug is a steamboat built to pull ships from 
the river out to sea," said Mary. "I shall be glad when we 
start, shan't you, Mary?" said Ellen. "Yes, dear," replied 
Mary, as they chatted together, with their arms encircling each 
other's waist, walking on the deck amongst coils of rope, sails 
and barrels. At one end of the deck were the state cabins; 
very comfortably furnished for those who could afford to travel 
"first clas.s." 

In the morning the president of the mission came on board 
with several Elders and organized the comjiany. One of the 
brethren was appointed captain of the conjpany, and two others 
his counselors, to assist him, and a clerk or recorder of the 
company. They were then divided into wards, with a president 
to every ward to superintend the serving out of provisions and 
water. Then two were appointed as cook and his assistant. 

The inspecting doctors came on board to examine the company, 
and all passed favorably.' The president of the mission gave 
them some valuable instruction in cleanliness, purity and obedi- 
ence, predicted for ihem a safe and prosperous voyage, and 
blessed tluMn. All then retircjd to dinner. Wiiile at dinner 
they heard the clank ol' cliains, the moving of ropes and a 
general movement. "Oh, mamma," said Ellen "we are mov- 



iS^^il^ 




ing;" and the girls ran up on deck. The sailors on board 
were all as busy as bees, and the ship was standing out in the 
river. In the afternoon the steam tug came and took them 
out to sea. The deck was crowded with Saints taking a last 
farewell look at the shores of their native land. Then rose on 
the air the melody of sweet voices, singing the farewell hymn 
commencing, 

"Come go with me beyond the sea, 

Where happiness is true; 
Where Joseph's land, blest by God's hand. 

Inviting waits for you." 

Being a familiar hymn it was taken up by voice after voice 
and wafted by the breeze over the sea. The sun was sinking 
in the west tinging the sea with its golden hues until it looked 
like molten gold. All was calm and undisturbed save the rapid 
splashing of the paddle wheels of the steam tug; and as the 
shores of "Old England" gradually receded from view, the 
deck was by degrees deserted. A few paced the deck by twos 
and threes, talking of the prospects of the journey, absent 
friends, and their hopes and fears as they journeyed to the 
land of the gathering place of Israel. 

In the night a stiff breeze sprang up and the ship began to 
roll, causing all the tins and utensils that had not been made 
fast to fly about the ship from one side to another, making a 
great noise. Then came the terrible feeling of dizziness and 
nausea that precedes sea-sickness; and soon most of the passen- 
gers were busily engaged in "casting up their accounts," as 
some one has facetiously remarked, which, by the way, is no 
laughing matter. A traveler describing sea-sickness said, "The 
first hour I was afraid I should die, and the next I wished 1 
could." Mary and Ellen were very sick, but papa was not; so 
he was able to wait upon his family. 

The wind howling through the rigging, the noise of moving 
chains and ropes, the loud tones of the captain, giving orders, 
and the pitching and tumbling of the vessel brought some of 
the realities of emigrating, demonstrating most clearly the 
necessity of patience and forbearance. 

This weather continued all the next day and night. On the 
following morning the wind ceased, and with the exception of 
the rolling of the sea, which always follows a "squall," it was 
pleasanter, and the men began to get their 'sea legs," as it is 
called; that is, they were able to walk about the ship without 
falling. The galley was opened, a fire made, and cooking 
became general. Papa made the girls some gruel, and after 
they had eaten it, carried them on deck to breathe the pure 
air. They recovered rapidly, and in a few days were able to 
walk about the ship quite easily. 

The organization on board ship is very conducive to order 
and comfort, and en.ables every one to get water and piovisions 
and cook without any confusion. Morning and evening they 
had prayers in the various wards of the ship, and on Sundays 
held meetings. At times they amused themselves in singing, 
holding concerts in the afternoon alter the labor of the morning 
was ended; and so the days and weeks passed away until the 
shores of America were visible. The glad news "we are in 
sight of land!" caused all to got on deck to obtain a sight of 
the continent whereon they hoped to enjoy the privilege of 
worshii)ing God according to His revealed will, as it was a land 
of libcrlij. 

( To he Continued. ) 



When wo begin to count over our own goodness, and admire 
it, and contrast it with our neighbor's, thinking how much 
better wc are than thoy, then, in angels' eyes, our good deeds 
are like tarnished gold and frost-bitten floM ers. 




9'5^ 




jTJ^Ein^iLE] iisrsT :k. Tj 



SnhtniU §n$%vntUv. 



-^ 



■^ 



SEPTEMBER 1 , 1 8 C S . 



EIDITOI?.ZJ^Il. TliOXJG-HITS. 




OME children seem to take delight in 

liiviiig pain to ever}' insect or animal that 

conies witliin their reach, unless it is one 

the}- are atVaixi -will sting or bite them. 

The}' will catt'h flies and stick pins through 

them, or pull their wings ofl. If they can 

get hold of a kitten or a puppy, they are 

almost sure to torment it in some way. 

We heard quite lately of .wme boys who 

took a cat and cut off its ears, tortured it in 

jther ways, and then drowned it! We could 

scarcely believe that any boys brought up among 

us would be so cruel and heartless. 

A Ijoy who is so brutal as to torture a crea- 
ture, however small, for his amusement, is to 
be pitied. He will likely grow up to be a cruel, 
unfeeling, hardhearted man. Boys who would 
bawl lustily if they were struck or if a pin were run 
into them, think it all right to beat a horse, a mule 
or a cow, and if they are riding, to spur the animal until ti.e 
blood runs. Such boys act as though they thought an animal 
had no more feeling than a piece of wood. They beat them as 
freely as they would a post, they spur them just as they would 
drive a wedge into a log. Because they, themselves, do not 
feel the pain, they seem to think there is none. Such boj-s are 
frequeutly cowards. They beat and abuse the boy or animal 
they have in their power, but, in the presence of boys who are 
their superiors in strength, they are sneaks. They cringe and 
act so cowardly that every one that sees them despises them. 

No man or woman, no boy or girl, who has any kind feelings 
will inflict unnecessary pain ujion any creature. Such persons 
will not hurt a worm. Animals feel jiain very acutely. They 
know when they are treated kindly and when they are abused. 
G'od has given them this feeling, and if men or boys abuse 
them. He will condemn and puni.sh them for so doing. They 
prove themselves unworthy of the power they have, and, by 
their cruelty, they sink beneath the brute. 

Children, remember these words. Do not linrt anything 
unneces.^arily. Do not throw stone.s at animals; do not worry 
them witli dogs. We have seen boys take hold of cows' tails 
and beat them with sticks eveiy jump they took until they were 
When ever we sec such an action we feel that it would 



tired. 



serve the Uiy perfectly right if some man were to gi\'e liim a 
sound thrashing. He might then know how to sympathize 
with the poor V^-ute whom he had mistreated. 

BY the time this miniher roaches our subscribers the harvest 
of the small grains will be passed, and many will be pre- 
pared to settle for the Instructor who were unable to do so 
when the volume commenced. We trust tliey will not forcet 
u.", and that the Agents will do all in their power to collect thg 
outstanding indebtedness. We stand in nrr/l of the pny, and 
this sinii)le statement will he sufficient, we hope, to remind 
every one who has not pjid of their duty. Brother John 
Nichol.-on is now vis ting some of the settlements collecting t!ie 
pay. It will assist us greatly if the Agents have the pay on 
hand to settle with him when he calls upon them. 




iJJMtUk^SA, 



THE issue of the present number has been delayed for the 
want of paper. We made timely arrangements for a 
small quantity to be sent on to us ahead of the main supply; 
but through a mistake of the forwarding agent it has been 
delayed. Our sub.scribers will excuse us for the delay. 

1 yE ha\ e made arrangements with eastern publishers of 
TT Sunday school tickets, rewards, etc., ly which we are 
able to supply the Superintendents and Teachers of Sunday 
schools throughout the Territory wiih anything they want in 
this line in this city at the price they are retailed at in New 
York city. We have made ourself familiar with this trade, so 
that we might be able to select such articles as are suitable to 
place in the hands of our childien withi.ut fear of their learning 
incorrect ideas about doctrine. '1 here are many things published 
for and circulated among Sunday school children in the East 
which would be very improper for our children to have, and we 
wish to control this business so that no injurious effects may 
follow the introduction of rewards, tickets, etc., from abroad. 
Conference will be here soon and we invite all who are inter- 
ested in Sunday schools to call and see our stock. 



IN another column our readers will find an interesting letter 
from Elder Jesse W. Crosby, who is now on a mission in 
the Southern States. It is addi essed to our readers, and should 
be read carefully by them. We feel much obliged, and we are 
sure the children do also, to Brother Jesse for his kindness in 
writing such a nice good letter to the Juveniles. We hope 
he will be greatly blessed on his mission. 



THISTLE- 



THE 



LITTLE, 5IINNIE in her eagerness after flowers, wounded 
/ her hand ou a sharp, prickly thistle. This made her cry 
with pain at first, and pout with vexation afterward. 

"I do wish there was no such thing as a thistle in the world," 
she said pettishly. 

"And yet the Scottish nation think so much of it, they 
engrave it on the national arms, said her mother. 

"It is the last flower that I .should pick out," said Minnie; 
"I am sure they might have louud a great many nicer ones, 
even among the weeds." 

"But the thistle did them good service once," said hermother; 
"they learned to esteem it very highly. One time the Danes 
invaded Scotland, and they prepared to make a night attack 
ujiDn a sleeping garrison. So they crept along barefooted as 
still as possible, until they were almost up to the spot. Just at 
that moment a barefooted soldier stepped on a great thistle, 
and the hurt made him utter a sharp, shrill cry of jiain. The 
simiid awoke the sleejiers, and each man sprang to his arms. 
They fought with great bravery, and the invaders were driven 
back with much lo.s.s. So, you sec, the thistle saved Scotland, 
and ever since it has been placed on their seal as their national 
flower. ' ' 

"Well, I never suspected that so small a thing could save a 
nation," said Minnie, thoughtfully. 

"God can make use ot small things, as well as great, to 
accomplish his purpose; and it is said that very small circum- 
stances often turn the tide of battle. In the war of I8il', the 
British fleet were sailing in the harbor of New I^ondon, and 
Were asked aiterwards why they did not destroy the town, when 
they could so easily have done it. 

" 'I wiiuld,' replied the commander, 'if it had not been for 
the formidable long fcjrt, whose guns commanded the harbor.' 
That long fort, he learned, was an old rope-walk, and the many 
guns Were the small windows in the side. 

"I presume the New London peojile looked with now eyes 
on that old rope-walk after lliey learned what good service it 
had done." — C'liruslMn Iiistructur. 



^? 



y^9 



^ 



i^. 



yOi f 3 NO- 17 









J'cc (Ae Juvenile Instructor 



5. 




IjJ^ISrG-TJ7^C3-E. 



OIF 



As we previous!}' told you the most popular way of dividing 
the human family is into five great races, in wh ch are 
included the people of every nation and tribe on the earth 
from the Englishman to the Pjsquimaux, from the Arab to the 

Digger Indian. The principal way which the learned have of! and conquered those paits of Europe immediately to the south 
determining to which of these races any given tribe may ' of them, including Britain, Prussia, Saxony, Denmark, North- 



[n Hebrew the word Gud is Eloah, in Chaldaic Elah, in Assyr- 
ian Ellah, in Turkish Alah, in Arabic Allah, in Malay Alia. 
You can see how much the;-e words are alike. Now we will 
take this same word in the nations which the Romans in olden 
times subdued and colonized. In Latin, the language of the 
ancient Romans, God is Deus, in Spanish Dios, in Portuguese 
Decs, in Italian Dio, in old Gallic Diu, in French Dieu. Mow 
for a third family, resembling the English word. In German 
and Swiss God is Gott, in Danish and Swedish Gut, in Nor- 
wegian Gud, in Dutch Godt, in Flemish Goed, in Teutonic 
Goth. These last named named nations are all supposed to 
have had their origin in some race of people who in very early 
times settled in Scandinavia, and from thence descended into, 



belong, is by taking into consideration the shape of the skull, 
the color of the skin, the texture of the hair, the general make 
up of the body and the nature of the language spoken by that 



ern Germany and Normandy. 

We presume all our little readers are aware that there was 
once only one language on the earth. All men called the .'■ame 



<»'5l 



particular people. Thus, if we take as an example the people ! things by the same names. This was the language Noah and 
called Fulahs, living near the rivers Senegal and Gambia, on the his sons spoke. But soon after the flood the descendants of 
west coast of Africa; their skins are black, their hair woolly, i Noah turned from God. They became sinful, unbelieving and 

proud. They made up their 
minds to build a tower to 
reach the sky, so that if God 
should ever destroy the people 
of the earth with another 
flood, they would have this 
high tower to fly to fi r safety. 
This manifests that they did 
not btlieve the word of the 
Lord, lor he had promised to 
never again cover the earth 
with the waters of a flood. 
They commenced the work, 
it aroused the anger of God, 
. and to stop them he confui-ed 
\ their manner of speech. They 
. 1 could now no longer understand 
? one another. This disgusted 
them so much that they scat- 
tered out in all directions on 
the face of the earth, and the 
tower was left to fall to ruins. 
Here commenced the difierent 
languages spoken by the people of the various nations at the 
present time. 

The number of these languages has since that time greatly 
increased. Two, three or more distinct tongues have got mixed 
together, from various reasons, and in this way new ones have 
been formed. Thus when the Greeks, Romans and other 
ancient nations went to war, and conquep d a neighboring 
people, they generally introduced colonies of their own citizens 
and soldiers in their midst, just as the Spanish, Dutch and 
English have done in more modern times. These colonies, of 
course, spoke the language of the nations from whence they 
came. This, in course of time, became mixed with the mam or 
of speech of the conquered natives, and so a new dialect was 
formed. Sometimes a third race would appear on the field, 
and mix their tongue with those of the others, confusing the 
whole still more. In this way, as strong races have sjiread over 
the earth iu their march of conquest, have old languages l;eun 
changed and new ones rorm('d. This is why the word for God 
is so much alike in Italy, France, Spain and Portugal. The 
ancient. rKimans avor-raii and eoloni/.cil all these countries and 
maile llieir lanjfUage the language of the couipiered i)ei)ple, and 
to-day the languages of these different nations bear a strong 
resemblance to each other. The English is an example of a 




their jaws protrude, in fact, in nearly every ]iarticular, they 
resemble the surrounding Negro nations, though they are are 
more civilized than most of the neighboring tribes. Their 
traditions assert that they are descended from Phut, the son of 
Ham. These characteristics decide to which of the five races 
they belong, namely, the Negro. But it sometimes happens 
that the.se tests are very confusing, as a certain tribe may 
resemble one race in their looks, and another race in their 
language; so that there exists considerable dill'erencc of opinion, 
in the minds of those who have given the greatest amount of 
study to these subjects, as to which race several families of men 
belong. 

The language of any ))eoi)le is considered one the best tests 
to discover to what family of man they belong. Color of the 
skin is often no guide, as there are Arabs as dark as some 
Negro tribes, and others as fair as Eurojicans. When the 
language of a people is investigated, its grammatical construc- 
tion is compared with that of supposed kindred tribes. Or 
what is easier, the names given to common things, such as 
man, house, sky, tree, dog, cow, water, lather, .son, etc., an; 
compared with the names given to these same objects by oilier 
jieople. We will take the word tiod as a striking example, 
commencing with the family uf nations akin to the Hebrew. 




g 



J XJ -y E IN" I HL E 



language composed of a mixture of many others, principally 
derived, however, from the Anglo-Sason and Latin. 

Jlerchants trading from nation to nation and emigrants 
settling in new countries, have also helped, to an extent, to change 
many languages. Thus, we'often hear in these valleys a Danish 
brother trying to talk English. He will begin with a little 
English, pop in a word or two of Danish, then back to the 
English, and so on until he has had his say out. The Indians 
do the same in their talk; whilst we use many Indian words. 
To .show how languages get mixed, we will repeat a story we 
heard a short time ago of a little, Italian shoemaker living in 
some town in California. He was asked if he could speak 
English. Conscious of his knowledge of our tongue he proudly 
replied "Si, senor, certainment, you bet." Only five words, 
yet in three languages. The first two Spanish, the next one 
French the last two an American vulgarism. Not one word of 
good English in the whole of it. In this manner the languages 
of the world are constantly changing, some increasing in power, 
beauty and extent, while others, not so well adapted for convey- 
ing the thoughts and ideas of men, are all the time decreasing 
and dying out. 

Some of j'ou may have heard your schoolmates talk gibberish 

when they did not wish the teacher to understand what they 

were saying to each other. This is generally done by adding a 

syllable to every word spoken. For instance, one boy says to 

another: "Havery youvry donvery yourvry sumvry?" which 

being interpreted, means, ''Have you done yonrsuui?" Now, 

strange as it may seem, the Circassians of Asia, the Kaffirs of 

South Africa and some other tribes have formed new languages 

by just such a practice. When they went to war with any tribe 

who understood their language, they adopted the plan of 

adding a sj'Uable to each word they spoke, so that the enemy 

should not understand the commands their chief gave to his 

warriors. In course of time they became so fond of this style 

of talk that they used it on all occasions and it became the 

language of the whole tribe. With this we must leave the 

subject of language. 

[To be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Insiricctoi: 



f'yl 



BE-\;^E3:£..A.a-ES. 



"pERSlAN SHERBET" is very nice; it is easily made, 
JL and is not expensive; four ounces white sugar, ground 
fine, four ounces bi-carbonate soda, four ounces tartaric acid. 
Mix these together thoroughly, (this will be best done by pass- 
ing twice through a fine wire seive, ) then add forty drops of 
essence of lemon; mix well together, and keep it in a well- 
corked bottle. For use, a teaspoonful in two thirds of a glass 
of clear, cold water makes a delicious beverage. 

The action of this may be explained. Tartaric acid may be 
prepared from the lees of wine casks; soda, as we have seen 
is prepared from the ashes of sea weed. When an acid and 
alkali meet together in solution, they naturally act upon each 
other, and, in this case form a tartrate of soda. The bi-car- 
bonate of .soda has been used; when tlic acid unites with the 
alkali the carbonic acid, which was united with the soda, is 
.set free, and nishes off through the liquid into th'Jatmosidicre. 
Tills causes a disturbance in the wa'cr. which is called ''efler- 
vescence," during which the liquid should be drunk off; for it 







is disagreeable when the effervescence ceases. Carbonic acid 
gas is very useful in this form, for, although it is as we remem- 
ber, a deadly poison when taken into the lungs, it is quite the 
reverse in the stomach: there it is jjleasant and invigorating. 
It is this gas which makes water so sparkling and refreshing. 
The great danger, however, is that we are apt to drink things 
which are nwe without considering whether we require them. 
The reason we require drink is to replace the water lost from 
the blood in variouf ways. When this is needed we experiimce 
a sensation called thirst; then water is nice! 

Many, perhaps most people, drink from habit. Where 
water is used there is not much danger of excess; not so, as 
will be seen, when any other beverage is indulged in. 

Happy is it for the youths of this community that they are 
coiTeetly informed in relation to these things, and that, gener- 
ally, a good example is set before them! Still, it is well to 
know the nature of the principal beverages used, their action 
upon the system and their chemical composition. 

Among other things tea, coffee, cocoa, beer, wine, spirits 
and summer beverages, such as named, are used. There is 
also another fluid used by many which will be alluded to in 
another article — milk; this the most wholesome, and it is the 
most nourishing, being full of the elements of life. 

Tea and coffee may be classed together as their constituents 
are similar and their action on the animal organization the 
same. They are astringents and also stimulating in their nature; 
that is, they are bracing and binding as well as exciting in their 
action. They contain tannin, an astringent principally found 
in oak bark, etc., and theine or caffeine, to which they are 
indebted for their stimulating qualities. Blany plants have 
organic bases by which they are distinguished from others; 
they are alkahne in their nature and frequently intensely bitter 
and poisonous. In this respect theine does not differ very 
much from a large class of alkaloids, (a word which means, of 
the nature of alkalies,) of which strychnine is the most powerful. 

If we would prove that tannin exists in tea, make a strong 
infusion in a tea cup and drop a crystal of sulphate of iron 
(green vitriol) into it; it instantly turns black — it is a dilute 
ink. Iron is a test or proof of the presence of tannin. If we 
were to filter, collect and afterwards dry the black mass precipi- 
tated or thrown down from the solution, it would be heavier 
than the crystal was by the weight of the tannin. The liquid 
remaining, by proper treatment with sulphuric acid, would 
unite with and form a sulphate of theine, which would I'orm 
into crystals by evaporating the fluid gradually. If we know 
the weight of the infusion of tea when we begin, the weight of 
the suli)hate of iron and the weight of the sulphuric acid used, 
when the operation is completed we can easily find out the 
weight of tannin and theine; for the water evaporates. If we 
would see the theine itself, we must dissolve the sulphate of 
theine in pure water (distilled water is generally used) and add 
an alkali to the solution. This will free the theine from the 
sulphuric acid, i'or the acid will unite with the alkali to form a 
new sulphate, and the liberated theine will slov.'ly crystaiize in 
beautiful, white, silky threads. 

If we would now prove that this is the stimulating principle, 
we can make a cup of ivliite tea (!) which will reciuire great 
care to use; it must be properly diluted. 

Tea .should not be taken as a beverage; if taken at all, it 
hhould be us a medicine; for it loses its power to stimulate if 
taken repeatedly, unless larger do.ses are used. It is so with 
other alkaloids such as nicotine, the active principle of tobacco, 
morphine, the narcotic or sleepy princijile of oi)ium; even 
strychnine, the active principle of nux vomica, a poisonous 
nut, is u.sed by wicked men to adulterate certain beverages, 
and those who are in the habit of di inking them get used to 
the poison. 



&ii^= 




^Q/» 3 ./Jo 77 



G" TJ ^ E 3Sr I Xj E 










The nest class of beverages are alcobolio. Alcohol is obtained 
by the decomposition of sugar. If yeast is added to a solution 
of sugar and kept warm, the liquid will soon become turbid, 
the particles will be set in motion and it will have a pungent 
smell. This state is called fermentation, and will be spoken of 
by and by. The gas arising is carbonic acid, the liquid which 
is called ''wort," if malt is used, "wash," if grain is used, 
"must," if the juice of crushed grapes is used, will continue to 
work or ferment while sugar and yeast are present; part of the 
sugar forming the gas spoken of, and part forming alcohol. 

To obtain this spirit in a more concentrated form, it is after- 
wards distilled; aud in that form is known as whisky, brandy, 
etc. In beer, wine, etc., this spirit exists; and they would 
not be used as beverages if this was removed. 

If we would examine some beer, put a little in a thin glass 
bottle (an olive oil bottle will do, ) place the bottle on the stove 
and put some sand around it; this will keep it steady and 
impart a regular heat to it. Do not let the liquid boil. Pres 
ently a spirituous smell will arise, and if a cold glass is held 
over it, the vapor will condense; if it is collected in a spoon, it 
can be tasted; it is dilute alcohol; and the quantity obtained 
will determine the relative strength of the beer. If the liquor 
remaining is tasted, it will have a sour taste; its acid properties 
can be tested by an alkali, as soda for instance. If this liquid 
is allowed to evaporate slowly, crystals will form which may be 
weighed and a correct estimate of the solids made. It will be 
found that the principal part of beer is water, a little spirit, a 
few salts and a small quantity of resinous matter, which gives 
it its peculiar flavor. 

Wines may be examined in the same manner. When the 
spirit is removed from wine, the coloring matter will fall down 
to the bottom; it is of the nature of logwood, and is only solu- 
ble in dilute alcohol. The remaining liquid will be dilute wine 
vinegar, containing, besides acetic acid, tartar, etc., etc.. 

As to spirits, tbey are examined for their strength by what is 
called their "specific gravity." If we had a pair of scales 
which would hold a pint each, if we put alcohol in one and 
water ia the other, the water would be the heavier; these 
liquids diff'er in weight although the bulk is the same. To 
ascertain the specific gravity of solids, fluids and gasses there 
are proper instruments, the names and uses of which we shall 
become familiar with as we advance. 

The properties of alcohol are, among others, pungency, 
(biting to the taste,) volatility, (easily flying olf in vapor,) and 
combustibility, (capability of burning.) It is necessary to 
keep it corked up or it will fly olf in vapor; still it is an excel- 
lent preserver of both animal and vegetable substances. Ana- 
tomical prci>arations, (parts of the human body, etc.,) fruits, 
etc., are preserved in alcohol — this is one reason why it retards 
digestion, it hardens animal fibre. This is why it is valuable 
to bathe the human body; it braces and strengthens the 
fibres, destroys any minute insect life upon the surface and, at 
the same time, it softens and beautifies the skin. Its action is 
so penetrating that its influence may be felt through the system; 
outwardly applied, it gives toue to the nervous system. When 
taken into the stomach, it coagulates the juices of that organ, 
impairs digestion and ditt'usos itself through the body in such 
close contact with the nerves that great excitement follows. If 
taken in large quantities, by those who are used to it, it pro- 
duces delirium (madness. ) This condition in some countries 
is very well understood, and is called "intoxication;" which 
means a state of drunkenness, and is derived from a word 
wliich means "to poison." The reason of the excitement is 
that there is a power within tiie human systmii which exerts 
il.'^elf to remove anything which is destructive to life; the 
lungs, the excretions, carry oil' by degrees the poison, and the 
patient loses the delirious symptoms and becomes sober. 

fee?- 



Where wine is made from the juice of the grape, although 
alcohol is present, it is in small quantities; and various acids 
tartaric, malic, and also carbonic acid — are present; these 
counteract the effect of the spirit to an extent. Some wines, 
although fermented, do not intoxicate. The juice of the grape 
contains only a small jsroportion of sugar, not half of which 
is changed into alcohol. Wines could be made which would 
be weak as ginger beer, in respect to intoxication. But gener- 
ally wines have spirit put into them — they call this being 
"fortified"' — thus wines are made unwholesome. The "tonic 
bitters," so largely advertised, contain a large proportion of 
alcohol. They are said to be invigorating to the stomach; it 
is not so. Herbs and roots, having supposed virtues, are used, 
to deceive the unwary; although some make this an excuse for 
drinking that which they know to be alcohol. 

As we have seen, there is no strength imparted by the use of 
stimulants: the nerves are excited to action, which is mistaken 
for strength. The lash of the whip or the use of the goad on 
the ox imparts no strength to the animal; it developes that 
already there, at the expense of the nervous system. Persian 
sherbet is nice, but we may drink too much of it; summer 
beverages, generally, are open to the same objection; we drink 
becaicse we like them. There is no danger of excess if we use 
the natural fluid distilled for us in the heavens, and kept cool 
for our use in the recesses of the earth — the bright, beautiful, 
delicious water. Beth. 



li^or the Juvenile Instructor. 

Hi O InT C3- j^ a- o . 



WE call those nations heathen who worship idols or images. 
The heathen nations worship things that can not hear 
and see and speak, and instead of serving the living and true 
God, who made the heavens and the earth, they worship gods 
of wood and stone. Some worship the sun and moon, and some 
worship animals. ^ 

The ancient Greeks and Komans had a god or goddess for 
every season of the year, and for almost every occasion. For 
instance Vertumnus was the god of spring, Flora the goddess 
of flowers, Somnus the god of sleep, Aurora goddess of the 
morning. Mars the god of war, etc. 

In Rome, a long time ago, there was a large building called 
the Pantheon, which was said to ontain thirty thousand deities 
or gods, at one time. The people must have been very atten- 
tive to even learn the names of sujh a multitude of gods and 
goddesses. But this was the business of priests — it is not 
probable that the people had much to do with it. 

The incident I am going to relate, happened a little more than 
eighteen hundred years ago, in Athens, the great city of ancient 
Greece. At that time the people were in the constant habit of 
ofl'ering sacrifices to their imaginary gods. Their sacrifices were 
placed on altars, which wore made for that purpose, and kept 
in an enclosure. Kacli altar was dedicated to a particular god. 

The morning was ihe time for the priests to offer sacrifices, 
and the sheep ^lat were to be offered, were turned into the 
enclosure where the altars were, each night before they were to 
be offered in the morning. 

It is natural for sheep when they lie down, to get close to 
something against which to recline when they sleep; and the 
sheep that were turned in among those altars would gather 
around, and each one select for it.self an altar, beside which to 
repose. The jiiicsts, not knowing which of their numerous 
gods rciiuired sacrifices, took it for granted that each sheep 
should be oll'eicd to that god at whose altar it had lain during 




6-^. 




cr TJ ^ E n^ z L IB 



IISrSTZ^TJCTOE. 



I 



O U (^ -d.' LJ JzO rt. • Q 




the night; and wherever they found the sheep lying in the 
nDrniiig, there tliey saorificed it. The fact tliat the sheep had 
clioien the altar, was considered a proof that the god to whom 
that altar was dedicated, claimed the offering. 

It happened one morning, that when the ]>riests went forth 
to offer the morning sacrifices, they found one sheep lying at a 
distance from all of th.e other altars. It was a new and strange 
occurrence, and the priests were gi'catly alarmed and did not 
know what was to be done with that sheep. They were afraid 
that there was one god of whom they liad not heard, and that 
he wanted that sheep sacrificed to him. They did not know 
anything about him, and how could they build an altar to his 
name? 

Fearing the displeasure of the unknown being; after consult- 
ing together, tliey at last hit on the following ingenious meas- 
ure, which was speedily adopted. 

They erected an altar directly over the place where they 
found the lone .sheep lying, and dedicated it to the "Unknown 
God,"' and put this singular iuscrijition on it, and offered the 
sheep upon the altar. 

That very altar is the one mentioned in the New Testament, 
in the Acts of the Apostles, chapter IT, commencing in verse 
2:;, where the Apostle Paul in preaching to tlie Athenians said: 

"Ye men of Athens, I ])erceive that in all things ye are 
too superstitious. For as I passed by, and beheld your devo- 
tions, L fjuui an altar with this iincription: 'To the Unknown 
God'. Wliom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare 1 
unto you." 

The Apostle described the living God to the people, telling 
them that He was the great Creator of heaven and earth — that 
He made of one blood all nations of men to dwell on the face of 
the earth — that they were His offspring, and they should wor- 
ship Him instead of worshiping what was made of gold and 
silver, wood and stone. He preached to them about Jesus 
and the resurrection of the dead. 

iSouie of tiie poojile that heard him preach, made light of it 
and mocked, while others believed and were baptized for the 
remission of their sins, forsaking the altars and senseless wor- 
ship of imaginary gods that neitiier hear nor see, for the worship 
of him, who will call all men to judgment and reward them ac- 
cording to their works, E. K. S. 



3sr E -v E I^ 



For the Juvenile Instructor 

a- I "ST El TJ IP . 



Never give up, but try again! 

'Tis easy niiw, wliile yining, 
To conquer little trials of life; 

Tlial JDurney just begun. 

Kever give up, but try again 

Tci mount tlie hill of fame, 
To lay all sins and follies by, 

And win tor yourselves a name. 

Never give up but trj- again 

To be of lliu lionored of earth; 
To nil your i-alliiig nobly, ♦ 

'J'bat yiu may prove your worth. 

Never give up, out try again 

To be lioly, pure and true; 
To crown your lives with honor, and 

The narrow patli puisue. 

IvAMTn.V. 



I'ehseveuantc is the best school for every manly virtue. 




||orr(5jiutt!80ttc^» 



Rome, Geokgia, July Sth, 186S. 

Cmi.DUEN OF THE Saints: 

Wliilst traveling in the States, I have often thought 
of you and of your happy condition wh«n contra.sted with the 
eonditiiin of the ehildr^-n born and reared in this part of the 
country: especially since the curse of God has come upon this 
nation because of the wickedness of the people. You ought to 
be very thankful that your parents obeyi-d the gospel, and 
moved out of liahylou to Zion, where peace reigns, and where 
you are taught the ways of the Lord. The Lord be praised for 
our"Mouutani Home." You realize the worils of the Psalmist, 
when he said "Of this man he was born in such a place, etc.." 
but this man, he was born in Zion, favored above all. (See 
I'salui :;s, tVoni 1st to 7th verses.) 

Perhaps you, children of Zion, do not appreciate the great 
advantages you possess. Lest this be so 1 will trj' to explain 
some of the blessings you enjoy. Fur example, you aie taught 
the true relationship between (iod and man, and also between 
man and man. Those teachings, if you will kit them, will lead 
j'ou to perform your duty to your Heavenly Father, to your 
parents and to each other. You are taught to observe the laws of 
life liy abstaining from tolnicco, whisky, tea, eotl'ee, pork and 
other things that cause sickness, disease and shortness of li e. 

Here, ill this part of the country, it is dilfeieiit. 1 am sure 
the fair dau;4hters of Zion woiilil blush to sec the daughters of 
this laud, young and old, either cliBwing toliaoco or, what is 
perhaps more disgusting still, they "dip snuff," as they call it, 
which is done after this fashion: They leave a short piece of 
stick which the}- chew into a broom at one end, they dip the 
bro(jm end in sniMf, put it in their mouths and leave the other 
eiul sticking out at one corner. These practi<-es are quite fash- 
ionable heri% and are therefore thought but little of. Little boys 
of f lur years old can be seen going arouud smoking tobacco. 

Those sins and others still worse make the average life of the 
people fearfully short. The children of Zion, by giving heed 
to the words ot wisdom as thej' come from the mouths of the 
servants of the Lord, can gradually bring about the time when 
men and women viill live hundreds of years. 

Jf you but knew the liitterness, strife and unhappinoss that 
is in the worid, you would feel grateful for good parents, for 
the servants of the Lord, and for the position you now occupy, 
which will enable you, by faithfulness, to yet become shiuiug 
lights nuto the world, and to be the saviors of men. 

jjet me, liy way of counsel, advise you to study and gain 
informati on from good books. Obey the great command, 
"Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long 
upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee;" for happy 
indeed is the son and daughter of Ziou who can say: "I never 
disobeyed my parents." 

(Jhildren, great things are in store for you; for it is the good 
pleasure of our Heavenly Father to give the kingdom to the 
Saints, and they shall possess it for ever and ever. 

I am sincerely yours, 

J. W. Ckosbt. 



The answer to the Charade in No. U is YFLLOWSTOXE 
Kl\'Klv. Correct answers were received from Jane F. Lynch, 
Mary J. Baddley, Knimett I). Jlousley, Robert J. Deighton, 
George G. Taylor, Josc]ili 11. Parry and C. Denney. 



]s pabhstifd in !SuU Lake Cify^ Utah 2't'i ritori/, 
ON TilK I'lKST & FIl^TKENTH OF EVKKY :M0XTH. 



C£ORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Siugle Copy, per Auuuiu S3 UU 

biui^le Cupj', lur Six MuuLlio 1 50 

J$^ It is cxpertpfl ivhn-c agriHx f<)riiHtrd namr.s Otcjj jcUl he j-fsponsrh/p. 
or the papcr.f tltiLH orticritt: <i.inl ichcn t:>i.s/i p<tj/ni nf.s </?'»• m<idt, thf t/ 
wilt pleiuic /onuard Ulciii ivUJi the letter cutuiinin./ the names of (he 
.sofjsci'fbf.n-a. 

ur Kldcr H'/rt. II. Shearman, Logan, xvill act as General. Agerd Jiyr 
iMf'he Valley. 

isu' <Jrant tjrought (o this Cit.i/ for the .luvKNil.E Instkuctok wil/.be 
cceived at Che ujjice oj our paper — DE^k.i-h.i' JStWa LHJil-Ui jsos. 



- ^m» r? K. - v vn -j^jjL^JU ^vmo Er^ 






^'y 



^^5-^;" 



