*¥ 



Wf% 




VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1871. 



NO. 22. 



THE PAUTHEOU .A. T IR, O JVC B . 



EVERY one of our readers has most likely hear J or read 
something about the Romans, and about Rome, the Eternal 
City, as it is called. Rome is now comparatively insignificant, 
or if not insignificant, its glory consists chiefly in the traditions 
of its ancient splendor and power. It is something like a very 
old man who, with silvery hair, and weak, feeble and totteriug 
on the brink of the grave, yet thinks with regret and boasts of 
the strength and vigor of earlier years. Rome was once " mis- 
tress of the world;" her legions penetrated to almost every 
laud and made them tributary to the greatness and splendor 
of their own ; and ages ago the influence of Romish learning, 
eloquence, bravery and power, were felt in every part of the 
kuown world, and they will continue to be felt to the latest times. 

Rome has been to the Christian world what Jerusalem was to 
the Jews; the latter was 
the place in which Jewish 
civilization and grandeur 
reached their highest de- 
velopment ; and the same 
may be said of Rome and 
Christian civilization. She 
was once the centre of the 
kuown world for art, 
science and learning; her 
rulers encouraged and her 
people cultivated the vari- 
ous arts and sciences, es- 
pecially painting, sculpture 
and architecture, and the 
productions of ancient 
Italy, of which Rome is 
the capital city, are ac- 
knowledged to be unap- 
proachable to-d ay. But 
like all the great powers of the past, Rome at length reached 
her zenith, and, owing to the corruptions and wickedness of 
her rulers and people, her glory began to fade, her greatness to 
decline, and to-day little remains to tell of her ancient glory 
save tb>- remnants and ruins of her wonderful achievements in 
architecture, 

This branch of art, blending as it does within itself ni'iiiy 
other arts and sciences, affords wonderful scop' for die display 
of ability and genius of the highest grade; and hence the 
achievements of any people in architecture are regarded as a 
standard or guage of their progress in civilization and refine- 
ment, Judged by this test it is no wonder thai the ancient 
Romans are awarded the very foremost place in civilization, for 






S^si" 



the City of Rome to-day possesses the most wonderful monu- 
ments of architectural skill to be found in the world. The 
church of St. Peter, in that city, is universally acknowledged to 
be the grandest edifice in the world, and the glory of ancient 
Rome can never be said to have entirely departed while one 
stone remains upon another of that enormous and beautiful 
structure. * 

The engraving at the head of this article, is a feeble repre- 
sentation of one of these ancient monuments of which Italians 
generally, and Romans especially, are still so proud. The 
Pantheon at Rome is as celebrated as the Falls of Niagara, and 
when the rich in any part of the civilized world go on their 
travels for pleasure, one is scarcely less an object of interest 
than the other, and none are satisfied until both are seen. The 

Pantheon is now nothing 
but a ruin, but enough 
remains to show the won- 
derful beauty it once pos- 
sessed, and to prove that, 
in point of architectural 
excellence, it is absolutely 
without a rival in the 
World. The following facts 
regarding this celebrated 
ruin are from the American 
Encyclopedia, and while 
perusing them our readers 
must bear in mind that at 
the time of its ejection the 
Romans, with all their 
greatness and power, Were 
a nation of idolaters, and 
worshipped a vast number 
of so-called gods: 
The Pantheon was a temple erected to the worship of all the 
gods, and is the most famous structure of the kind ever known. 
It. was built twenty-six years before the birth of the Savior of 

the world, and is consequently now < lose U] nineteen hundred 

years old. It was consecrated as a Christian ohuroh by Pope 
Boni&ee the Fourth, in the seventh oentury. of all the monu- 
ments of anoient Romo this, despite its vast age, is in the best 

stale of preservation. It is a rotuud.i, (or circular) in shape and 

isa hundred and forty-three feel in diameter; it is surmounted by 
a dome, one hundred ;md forty three foe! nigh, and considered 
the grandest in existence. In the oentro of this dome is a 
oiroular opening twenty-eight feet in diameter, by which tho 

building is lighted. The Si remarkable feature of this very 




I 



& 



170 



J TJ "V IE 1ST I UL. IE HTSTRTJCTOB. 



remarkable structure is its Corinthian portico, which is one 
hundred and ten feet in length by forty-four feet in depth. 
This portico consists of sixteen granite columns, with marble 
capitals and bases; each of these columns is forty-six and a 
half feet high and fifteen feet round, and they are disposed in a 
triple row. 

It would be impossible for the readers of the JUVENILE 
Instructor to conceive of the magnitude and beauty of the 
Pantheon from this, or any other description they might read; 
to be understood it must be seen. It is considered the most 
wonderful achievement in architecture that the entire world can 
boast. Within the Pantheon the mortal remains of a few of 
Italy's most gifted painters and sculptors are entombed. 

For many ages past, the greatness and power once possessed 
by the Italians have waned, until scarcely a vestige remains. 
The people of the country have been divided aud under separate 
rulers, and over all, papal or monkish rule has extended, and 
wherever this is the case the people, as a general thing, are 
sunk in ignorance and insignificance. But the people of Italy 
have, for some year- past been awaking from the slumber of 
ages, as it were, and realizing a sense of their degradation they 
have made great efforts for national advancement. Wonderful 
success has attended their efforts. The dominion of the pope, 
at least as a temporal ruler, has been abolished, the entire peo- 
ple are again united, Rotue is again the capital of Italy, and 
while clinging to the traditions of the past, with a people capa- 
ble of such great thiugs as the Italians undoubtedly are, it is 
more than likely that the greatness and glory of ancient flume 
will be in a great measure renewed; and though Rome 'will 
never again become the " mistress of the world,'' United Italy 
will in all probability become one "f the leading nations of the 
Enrop an continent. 



H 



tsto:r,y o if 

CHURC HI. 
{Gont&niM if.) 



T IHI IE 



WE take (he following letter from the history of President 
Young, as it will show very clearly tie- conditi f feeling 

which existed in the State of Illinois respecting ths murder of 
the Prophet Joseph, and abo d-M-ribcs very clearly the feelings 
of the Saint- and their quiet and patient submission to the 
operation of the laws as administered by those entrusted with 
office. The letter i- addressed to Josiah Lomborn Esq., Attor- 
ney General of Illinois. It was written by Brother Geo. A. 

Smith, and his father, John Smith; 

"Sir: We are this evening informed by Mr. Scott that it is 
your wish, as prosecuting attorney vs, the murderers of the 

Smith, that the Mormons should hunt up the wit 
in the case, aid that Mr. Murray McConnell had conveyed the 
idea that tier- was B committee in tin- county whose business it 
to collect and arrange the testimony against the day of 
trial, and that said committee are supposed to be Mor 
- &c. &o. 
"Now. Sir. in behalf of the Church of Jesus Chri I of 

Latter-day Saints; or, if yon cl je, the Mormon fraternity, 

we beg leave to state to you, what has been often reiterated by 

us, and which is a well known fact, both to our p »ple and the 

viz. that the difficulty causing the pending trials i- not 

between the Mormons and the Anti-Mormons, nor between 

the Mormons and th" murderers; but it is between th 

and the prisoners or on d 1 rs. 

"To show our loyalty to tie- institutions of our country and 

rve p ace in the country, as a people we pledged ourselves 

to abide the operations of the law as directed by the proper 

authorities of the c immonwealth ; and tint we would abide the 

roiofthe< rt, i. it taking vengeance into our own hands, 



(as was then feared by some,) or commencing prosecutions, to 
which we have strictly adhered, and intend still to adhere, that 
our pledge may be honorably redeemed in the sight of all men, 
although we have been strongly solicited to enter the field of pro- 
secution, and that, too, by the State or her agents; for instance, 
when Mr. McConnell was engaged in preparation for the prose- 
cution he came to Nauvoo aud strongly solicited the Mormons 
to come out as complainants and assist in procuring witnesses 
&c.; but we replied that we had had nothing to do with the 
affair and wanted nothing to do with it; and for us to enlist in 
attempting to bring the murderers to justice, no matter how 
legal iu our own movements, it would be construed into a 
persecution, or a desire to pick a quarrel on our part, which we 
were and still are determined to avoid, even every appearance 
of evil, aud cut off every occasion of our enemies, or of those 
who are ready to seize upon any pretext to make us trouble. 

" We are decidedly for peace, and we ever have been, and as 
the murders were committed while the murdered were in the 
immediate charge of the State, all we ask is that the State will 
prosecuU the case to fiual judgment and redeem her pledge, 
as we have ours ; or if she choose to abandon the prosecution 
we shall submit peaceably; although, for public good, we 
would prefer that justice should take place. 

"We are unacquainted with the statutes which suffer 
indicted murderers to roam at large month after month without 
arrest j or, after delivery or surrender, to run at pleasure before 
trial, and we know not what other similar laws we might come 
in contact with, and be liable to break to our own endangering 
or disadvantage should we attempt to have anything to do with 
the case iu question. 

" It is reported to us, true or false we know not, that the 
Sheriff of Hancock County and his deputies have been forbid- 
den by the court to act in the pending trials ; and that the 
jurors have been discharged without empanelling. If this be 
true we are unacquainted with the statutes in the case and have 
nothing to say. 

"When Mr. McConnell was here last Fall, at his earnest 
solicitation, we collected all the information in our possession 
and presented the same to him, supposing he would prosecute 
the case to final judgment. He took minutes at the time and 
probably has them now if he has not handed them over, of 
which you must be acquainted, better than we, and of which 
we did not preserve minutes : we know of no new information 
since that period. 

"We were happy to hear that the trials had been committed 
to your able charge, and anticipated that you would have made 
us a visit before the sitting of the court ; and we still anticipate 
that after court you will make us a visit that you may have the 
pleasure of a more general acquaintance among our citizens ; 
and we feel confident that such a visit would be highly appreci- 
ated by our friend, den. Young, with whom we understand you 
are acquainted. 

"We shall lie ever ready in favoring the ends of right so far 
as we can do it and not give any occasion of excitement which 
would be detrimental to public peace. 
We are Sir, 

Most Respectfully, 
Your Servants. 

Geo. A. Smith. 



Jon» Smith. 



( To be continued. ) 



>0-^^>9 = 



LrTTLE Sins. — A little hole in a ship sinks it; a small breach 
in a sea-bank carries all away before it; a little stab in the 
heart kills a man ; and a little sin, as it is often improperly 
called, tends to his final destruction. A little drop has been 
many a man's min. Every drunkard began with a single glass. 
Remember this, children. 



h3m- 



*mB 



J TJ "V" IE IsT I I_. IE INSTBTJOTOR. 



171 



[for Ibe Juvenile Instructor. 






FOBGES-ITO 2. 



TI7E may hare seen the effects of water freezing in vessels of 
\ V iron, lead, pottery or wood; the water under such om"™- 
stances frequently bursts asunder the containing vessel, llus 
is caused by the expansion of the water when freezing, rro- 
bably this is owing to the particles of water when re-arrangmg 
themselves in a crystalline form requiring more space, anyway, 
the specific gravity of ice is less than water, that is k u 'k * or 
bulk it is lighter, this is shown by its floating on the SU1 *- 
face. 

The force that is exerted when bodies pass from the gaseous 
or liquid state to that of solid is sometimes productive of regu- 
lar forms, more or less symmetrical, and, generally characteristic 
of the chemical nature of the body thus solidified. This is called 
the " crystallizinff force." 

This may be for want of a better name ; the word crystal 
means "ice," the ancients called quartz, and probably other 
crystals by that name, meaning "congealed water," an idea that 
is not entirely exploded yet. 

As a general thing substances that are soluble or fusible are 
capable of crystallization provided they are in a condition of 
chemical proportion. Some substances that cannot be readily 
produced as crystals artificially on account of their insolubility 
or iufusibility, such as silica, carbon &c. are formed by the 
natural process, such as quartz in its different varieties, and the 
diamond, which is crystallized carbon. It seems to ba neces- 
sary to produce the crystalline form that the particles forming 
it should be capable of moving freely in the surrounding fluid 
with ample room to arrange themselves; and, to obtain perfect 
crystals they should be undisturbed while forming. 

It may be interesting to the young to know that a large num- 
ber of minerals, and also organic compounds may be known by 
their structure when crystallized, Conunon salt takes the cubic 
form, it has six regular sides ; when very pure each side is hol- 
low like a hopper. Pure gold crystallizes in this form; at 
limes, silver takes the cubic form, pyrites (sulphide of iron) 
and other substances take that form or some modification of the 
cube. As a general rule or law the crystallizing force is exerted 
in such a manner as to always produce the same form from 
the same kiud <>f substance, provided the conditions are the 
same. 

The department of science thai takes cognizant ■ of min- 
erals by their form is called "crystallography," but chemistry 
greatly aids in examining minerals, as it frequently happens 
that the planes or angles cannot be determined with certainty. 

This tendency of bodies to take regular forms is very won- 
derful ; wv may see this exhibited in the whole of the works of 
our Creator. There is a symmetry in the animal creation, ami 
in all its parts it is so in the vegetable oreation, trees, seed:), 
leaves, flowers, and even iii the parts ni' these. It seems that 
ill Hue harmonious order exists in the inorganic world, It' 
■ amine the ^i m j >!• -^t crystal wo find it is made up of small r 
crystals precisely like it in structure, examined with a lens of 
the highest power, every, even tin 1 minutest, pari po 
every attribute of the whole. 

Nor does it appear that the force of gravitation influence* 
crystallization, in (act water and other liquids are frequently 
lifted perpendicularly in spib of gravitation, Crystals will run 
up the side i.r a vessel, for instance, others will shoo! up and 
aggregate in dusters, probably another force may aid in such 
formations, thai of capillary attraction. 



Sometimes a little artifice is required to procure crystals of 
certain bodies, metals, for instance, and other substauces. A 
crop of crystals of bismuth may be procured by melting some 
of that metal in a ladle; just after the molten mass sets, pierce a 
hole or two through the crust and pour out the still liquid 
metal ; cubic crystals will be seen inside, if the metal is pure. 
Sulphur may be obtained in prismatic crystals by treating that 
substance in a similar manner; spermaceti is frequently so treated 
and very fine crystals obtained which are exhibited in the win- 
dows of those who deal iu that commodity. This kind of 
crystals resembles those seen in the " geodes " that are found in 
the earth at times, rough looking bodies outside but, when 
broken open, have the appearance of a crystalline grotto. 

As to the crystalline form of metals it may be seen by dis- 
solving out the surfaces carefully with suitable acids; vessels of 
tin are often so treated to add to their appearance. To effect 
this a tin plate is heated and washed with a liquid composed of 
nitric and hydrochloric acid (aquarcgix) diluted with water, the 
crystalline structure is then brought out at once. It is called 
"moiree of tin," the structure of the tiu is crystalline before 
the liquid is applied, but is concealed by "amorphous" metal 
which the acid removes. 

Beth. 



Jl. 



[For I he Jul' mle Instrtictor. 

MISSIOITABY inSTOI- 
IDZEZtsTT. 



A OBJ \ I' man i llin.-; to be -m. ill. 



THE following is only a little incident, still its narration may 
serve to show that the hand of the Lord can be seen in the 
small events of life as well as the great ones. 

In the year 1863 I labored, as a missionary, iu one of the 
northern counties of England, and in trying with all my might 
to preach the gospel to those ignorant of its principles, and to 
counsel and comfort the Saints in my field of labor, I received 
many manifestations of the goodness of ' rod, in guiding me in 
thi' course I should take, by dreams and by the promptings of 
His Huly Spirit. 

One of the' families of SaiutS 1 used to visit sometimes were 
very poor. One night, while in bed, 1 dreamed that I was in 
the house of this family and I found that they were in greal 
distress. The lady of the house was iu tears, and her children 
were alsomuch affected, and 1 at once knew that the cause of 
it all was that they had nothing to cat, and 1 fit very much 
moved in my feeling " 1 thought 1 had two half-crown pieces 
in my pocket and thai I took them from my purse and handed 
them to the mistr iss of the hou to. 

In the morning wheu I awoke my dream was visibly 
impressed on mj mind, and 1 purposed soon to visit thefamilj 
in question. Some appointment or business, however, took me 
to another pari of the town in the fore part of the day, and the 
impression passed from my mind for a few boms, until I was 

about to enter a store, to purchas i I k, when it came back 

t i, when I put my hand into my poi k I and t'< I there my 

two half-crowns. Instead of purchasing the I k, I Btarted for 

the residence of the above mentioned family. On my arrival 
there, the ineid iii s o( the little dream I had were repealed in 
reality. There was the Inly in tears, tho children hungry and 
distressed, being totally without food, my own foelinga of 
emotion, and tho two half-crown pieces, which w in . of emu e 
handed over as in tho dream, 

J. N. 



Good word in like dew-drop thej fall silently, bnl who ffi^ 
can tell their i ffool 1 



m. 



— **£& 



as 



172 



j tj "v :e nsr i !_< e htstrtjctor, 



*^ 



'1 

s 






CEORCE Q. CANNON 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, OCTOBER 28, 


1871. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




l^^vwsINCE our last uuiuber a dreadful fire has 
l>n 'ki-n out iu Chicago, which has consumed 
the principal portion of the city. It is said 
that nuc hundred thousand people are left 
without homes, and that property to the 
value of one hundred and fifty, some even 
say two hundred, millions of dollars, has 
been destroyed. We have no aecouut in 
history of such a fire as this. Chicago was 
one of the finest cities on the continent — a 
'^7\ eity of immense wealth. Its buildings were 
SC(\ magnificent, and its merchants were probably 
tin' proudest in the laud; they boasted of their 
business, of the growth of their city and its 
riches and elegance, but in the short space of a 
few hours it has been laid iu ruins. A terrible gale 
was blowing at the time the fire broke out, and the 
raging element swept all before it. To add to the 
honors of the scene, many men went ahead of the 
fire it is said, and threw balls of lighted cottou wick, saturated 
with turpentine and kerosene oil, into yards and other places 
from which fire could be communicated to the adjacent build- 
ings. Many of (hi se men were caught in their horrible work, 
ere shot or hung without mercy. Is it not dreadful to 
think that men could be found BO hardened and so dead to all 

yasto be guilty of such d Is at such a time? Many of 

• Hen plundered houses and took advantage in every way 
of the terror of the people and the unprotected state of pro- 
perty. 

Belief has been pouring into Chicago from all parts of the 
Republic and also from foreign countries, especially England. 
I'll'' citizens "I this city contributed liberally of their means, 
and Mayor Wells has already sent twelve tin usand dollars, and 
}, t < been collected, We are pleased that the faints have 
it in their power to thus contribute to the relief of the unfor- 
tunate people of the ill-fated city. There was a time when we 
could not thus assist, when we needed assistance ourselves, but 
could not vet it— when the Saints were driven from their homes 
by tie mobbcrs of Illinois and were compelled to launch forth 
into the wilderness and leave their property behind them. The 
I. .rd be- blcsl us in these mountains and we are thankfal that 
we can, when nee SBary, render aid to those who need it. 

Scarcely was the ink dry with which tin; above was written 
when ile telegraphic dispatches brought news of mop' terrible 
in tie Stat.' of Wisconsin and several other parts of the 
country, before which when the loss of human life i i 

Bid !Ted, the fire at Chicago, dreadful as it was, dwindles into a 
small matter. At Chicago tie loss, and it was very large 
1 chiefly of property, nich as .-ions, banks, 
churches, dwellings and tie' like, not more thin a hundred lives 
ii i- supposed being I" t, Bui the lire.-, of which new- ha 
one, iii other part- of th \ country, have been of a differ- 
ent character. Tiny have not been confined to one lar 
but have spread over miles ol country. 'I'll y have commenced 
rious manner in localities chiefly covered with 

w 1- ir forests and in their course they have overtaken and 

consumed entire villagi - with all tin- p ople, — men, women, and 
children, which they contained. In some cases scarcely one 



has escaped, but like the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah men- 
tioned in the Scriptures, these places and their inhabitants have 
been entirely destroyed. 

In Wisconsin the position of the unfortunate people was of 
the most frightful character. The fire had advanced so quickly 
upon them that, before they were aware of it, there was no 
hope of escape but by jumping into the river. A body of fire 
close upon them behind, and a body of water in front, and no 
possible means of escape except to those who were first-class 
swimmers. Let the readers of the Juvenile Instructor try 
to picture such a situation as this, — the entire people of a large 
village surrounded by fire and water I Think of the distress of 
fathers and mothers, not only on their own account, but also 
because of the helplessness of their little boys and girls, all 
doomed to perish together. This was the actual situation of the 
people of a portion of the State of Wisconsin a few days ago, 
and the result was that about ten hundred of them were burned 
to death or drowned. In other places some four or five hundred 
more shared the same fate, and all this occurred where only a 
few hours previous everything seemed safe and security reigned. 
It is doubtful whether the whole range of history furnishes an 
account of anything so dreadful ! 

The enemies of Ziou are trying their best to bring trouble 
here; they are using every effort to surround the mothers and 
children of Utah with poverty and distress by depriving them 
of and easting into prison their fathers and husbands; but 
threatening as the situation of the Saints appears, it is gratify- 
ing to know that God, — the Great Author of the work in which 
we are all engaged, — will work all things together for the good 
of His people; and it is sad to reflect that, while so doing, 
judgments of such a dreadful character are being poured out 
upon those who neither fear Him nor keep His command- 
ments. 



NOTH1NC specially new has taken place in relation to the 
brethren's cases who have been arrested. Presidents 
Young and Wells and the Editor of the JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 
have been in court and plead "not guilty" to the charges 
which have been made against them. No time has yet been 
set for trial. There seems to be a disposition to grant time, 
and it is not improbable that a few weeks may elapse before the 
trials are entered upon. In the meantime, the brethren have a 
calm confidence in the Lord and in His ability to save. Our 
enemies are banded together, and appear determined to do all 
in their power to destroy the Priesthood and the Work of (tod; 
but among tho elders and the Saints there is a very serene, 
quiet foeliug. The wicked will not be so successful as they 
hope. They cannot destroy this work, neither can they drive 
the Priesthood from the earth. Cod's word on lliesc points 
cannot fail. The Priesthood will "iidtiro, the Church will stand, 
ami earth and hell cannot prevent His promises from being 
fulfilled. 



Reprove mildly and sweetly, in the calmest ami r, in the 

gentlest terms; not hastily nor fiercely, nor with sour looks, nor 
in bitter language; for these ways do beget all the evil, and 

binder tho best efforts of ropi (, They do certainly inflame 

and disturb the person reproved. 

One hour losl in the morning will put back all tho busbies. 
■ d' tie- day; one hour gained by rising early will make me 
month in the year, h.aily rising is promotive of habits of 
industry, which secure hcalthfulness, and lead the way to pros- 
perity and happiness. 



Iv a man wishes to know the strength of i vil. let him try ti 
abandon it. 



B 



JC» 



* 



J" TJ^" IE IT I LIE IITSTRUCTOR. 



THE 



[for the Juvenile Inatntetor. 

LYlsTX. 



NATUEALISTS inform us that the Lynx was formerly 
known all over the continent of Europe. Cuvier tells us that 
one was killed near Lisbon, in Portugal; from the description he 
gives.it appears to be that variety represented in the picture. 



AISTEGDOTES OF OATS. 



FBOM CDAMBEKS'S MISCELLANY. 

(Continued.) 



THE following anecdote of combined attachment and sagacity 
rivals anything that has been told of the dog, and places 
The Lynx is still found in Northern Europe, in the forests of I the cat in a much more favorable light than current opinion 

would allow : In the summer of 1800, a physician of L03 -n 
was requested to inquire into a murder that had been committed 
on a woman of that city. lie accordingly went to the residence 
of the deceased, where he found her extended lifeless on the 
floor, and weltering in her Wood. A large white cat was 
mounted on the cornice of a cupboard, at the further end of the 
apartment, where he scorned to have taken refuge. He sat, 
motionless, with his eyes fixed on the corpse and his attitude 



Northern Asia, and in Africa. The -African variety appears to 
be known as the "Caracal," on account of its black ears; it 
very much resembles the European Lynx. 

In' this country there' are at least two varieties of this 
animal, Lynx Canadensis and Lynx Kufus; the first kind 
was named by the naturalist Buffon, as the lynx of Canada. 
The second is named in allusion to its red color, "lynx rufus." 

There is a great difference between these two varieties. The 



first is a slate color and has long Mark tassels on the ears a and looks expressing horror and affright. The following morn- 






bushy gr; wth of hair under the lower jaw resembling a collar, 
powerful limbs and great width of the paws, which it has a 
disposition to use in striking. The red variety more nearly 
resembles the wild cat in color and appearance, as well as in its 
habits. The tassel on the ear is seldom ■ developed in the 
marked manner of the lynx. The" fur is softer and pale red 
with, here and there, dark spots on the sides and long lines 
along the back. This variety is known among us as the " wild 
cat," in some places as the 
"catamount" and the 
"tiger cat." 

These animals appear to 
resort to lonely farm houses 
for prey, but occasionally 
they will enter large cities. 
One was caught in the 19th 
Ward, of this city, last year. 
No doubt it was looking 
after any stray chickens that 
it could find. It appears 
that a lariat was thrown 
over the neck of this bold 
fellow and by a general 
attack with pitchforks, 
rake- and other implements, 

he was captured and lodged 

safely in the rucnagcric. 

The eve of the lynx is 







mg no was found in the same station and attitude; and when 
the room was lilled with officers of justice, neither the clatter- 
ing of the soldiers' arms, nor the loud conversation of the com- 
pany, could in the least degree divert his attention. As soon, 
however, as the suspected persons were brought in, his eye,; 
glared with increased fury; his hair bristled; he darted into 
the middle of the apartment, where he stopped tor a moment 
to gaze at them, and than precipitately retreated. The counten- 
ances of the assassins were 
disconcerted; and they now, 
for the first time during the 
whole course of the horrid 
business, felt their atrocious 
audacity forsake them. 



AFFECTION FOB OTHER 
ANIMALS. 

Every one who has ob- 
served the deportment of 
the female cat towards her 
young, must have admire. 1 
not only her maternal assi- 
duity, but the playful sim- 
plicity she assumes to amuse 
them. The same tender- 
ness she has been known to 
bestow on the young of 
Oth T creatures, n u rs i n ■• 
most devoted watchfulness. 



sharpness, lobe "lynx eyed," them and tending them with tli 



often alluded to for its singu 

mean.- to be keen sighted. This animal keeps its eye fixed Books on animal biography abound with instances of this nature. 

u] its adversary without winking, There is probably a kind Mr. While of Selbomo mentions that a friend of his bad a 

of fascination • sorted by this organ in gazing on its victim. A leveret brought to him, which his servants fed with milk from 
gentleman, in trying to " mesmeri io" one of these animals, at a spoon. About the same time bis cal kittened, and the young 
the museum, while trying to stare it out of countenance is wcro drowned. The little hare was lost, and it was sup- 
approached so closely to the cage that he got within the reach posed to have been devoured by some dog or cat. Howevor, in 
of the claw: of the |y n x, by which his hand was scratched, so that about two weeks after, as the gentleman was sitting in hi 
it is nol y i settled whether th< so animals can be mesmerized, den in the dusk of th i evoi in ■. be oba irved hi- i al with I dl 
The Lynx is undoubtedly an " ugly " animal, at any rate in a erect trotting towards him, and callini; with shorl notes of 
cage, although i' appears to be somewhat cowardly, if it be complacency, such as cats uso towards their kittens, and 
true, as sometimes tated, that a pack of these animals can bo tiling gamboling after, which proved to b tie lovorol which 
driven off a ranch bj idi Tli animals will get out of the the oat had supported with her milk. Tho sanio writer i 

way of man when on ile mountains, ibis doe provi a similar anecdote of a boy who had taken tl rniirrcls 

cowardice, however, imal do the amc. from their nest. These creatures ho put under a cat which had 

Beth. I it< ly lost h r 1 itb as, and found th il h nut cd and suckled 
thorn with tho sami i iduity and affection ns if they had boci 
So many persons wont to S e the 



her own proj ii,' 



ittlo i quir 

I'\i:i\t-, keep your word , ,, i,,| n, your children; ilcy rcls suoklcd b thai tho foster-mother became jeal 

will nol okon promise sooner than any uno else and il hor chargo, nnd in pain for tli tr ifety, and thoroforo coni 

effect will be as lasting a life. tho vcr tho coiling, where ono of thorn perished. 

\ imilnr tory is told, in Dodslcy' V.i I Itogistcr, ol 

Sim ni.vo may not always be pleasant but il may tho tickled a oouplo of young rabbits, which had boon tin 

work beautiful n till . to her to dov ■; and, what i equally • ! 



s 





arTJ^TEisrii-.E! iustbtjotob. 



heard of a eat that brought out two chickens, aud treated them 
with the same affection as she did her kittens. A more remark- 
able instance, however, occurred some years ago iu the house of 
a Mr. Greenfield of Maryland. A cat had kittens, to which she 
frequently carried mice and other small animals tor food, and 
among the rest she is supposed to have carried a young rat. 
The kittens, probably not being hungry, played with it ; and 
when the cat gave suck to them, the rat likewise sucked 
her. This having been observed by some of the servants, 
Mr. Greenfield had the kittens and rat brought down stairs, and 
put on the floor; and in carrying them off, the cat was remark- 
ed to convey away the young rat as tenderly as she did any of 
the kittens. This experiment was repeated as often as any 
company came to the house, till great numbers had become eye- 
witnesses of the preternatural affection. 

We shall close our instances of the cat's affection towards the 
young of other animals by the following anecdote from the 
pages of Marryat, allowing the captain to tell it in his own 
amusing way : 'A little black spaniel had five puppies, which 
were considered too many for her to bring up. As, however, 
the breed was much in request, her mistress was unwilling that 
auy of them should be destroyed, aud she asked the cook 
whether she thought it would be possible to bring a portion of 
them up by hand before the kitchen fire. In reply, the cook 
observed that the cat had that day kittened, and that, perhaps, 
the puppies might be substituted. The cat made no objection, 
took to them kiudly, and gradually all the kittens were taken 
away, and the cat nursed the two puppies only. Now, the 
first curious fact was, that the two puppies nursed by the cat 
were, in two weeks, as active, forward, and playful as kittens 
would have been : they had the use of their legs, barked, and 
gamboled about ; while the other three, nursed by the mother, 
were whining and rolling about like fat slugs. The cat gave 
them her tail to play with, and they were always in motion: they 
soon ate meat, aud long before the others they were fit to be 
removed. This was done, and the cat became very inconsolable. 
She prowled about the house, and on the second day of tribula- 
tion fell in with the little spaniel who was nursing the three 
other puppies. " Oh," says Pass, puttiug up her back, "it is 
you who have stolen my ehildren." " No," replied the spaniel 
with a snarl; ''they are my own flesh aud blood." "That 
won't do," said the cat ; " I'll take my oath before any justice 
of the peace that you have my two puppies." Thereupon issue 
Was joined; that is to say, there was a desperate mmbat, which 
ended in the defeat of the spaniel and in the cat walking oil' 
proudly with one of the puppies, which she took to her own bed. 
Having deposited this our, .she returned, fought again, gained 
another victory, and redeemed another puppy. Now, it is very 
singular that she should have only taken two, the exact number 
she had been deprived of.' 

COURAGE AM" BOLDNESS. 

The cat, being naturally carnivorous, may be expected to DOS- 
- is considerable audacity. Everyone must have witnessed the 
boldness with which a cat of ordinary si/.e will stand up against 
even the largest Newfoundland dog, bristling her hair, aud 
using ler elaw.- with the greatest address, so long as she ran 
keep her front to her antagonist. Indeed it. is only when the 
dog i in lay hold of the comparatively slender spine of his 
opponent, that he ovorcomes her — few dogs having the boldness 
long t<; resist the ferocity with which she assails their faees and 
eyes with her claws. The following instance of maternal 
je and affection, recorded in the Naturalists' Cabinet, is 
worthy of admiration; 'A cat who bad a numerous brood of 
kittens, one sunny day in spring, encouraged her little ones to 

frolic- in (he vernal beams of noon al t the Btable-door. 

While shi was joining them in a thousand sportive triek and 
gambols, they were discovered by a large hawk, who was sail- 
ing above the barnyard in ex] tation of prey, in a moment. 




swift as lightning, the hawk darted upon one of the kittens, and 
had as quickly borne it off, but for the courageous mother, who, 
seeing the danger of her offspring, flew on the common enemy, 
who, to defend itself, let fall the prize. The battle presently 
became seemingly dreadful to both parties ; for the hawk, by 
the power of his wings, the sharpness of his talons, and the 
keenness of his beak, had for a while the advantage, cruelly 
lacerating the poor cat, and had actually deprived her of one 
eye in the conflict ; but Fuss, no way daunted by this accident 
strove with all her cunning and agility for her little ones, till 
she had broken the wing of her adversary. In this state she 
got him more within the power of her claws, the hawk still 
defending himself apparently with additional vigor; and the 
fight continued with equal fury on the side of grimalkin, to the 
great entertainment of many spectators. At length victory 
seemed to favor the nearly exhausted mother, aud she availed 
herself of the advantage; for, by an instantaneous exertion, she 
laid the hawk motionless beneath her feet, and, as if exulting in 
the victory, tore off the head of the vanquished tyrant. Disre- 
garding the loss of her eye, she immediately ran to the bleeding 
kitten, licked the wounds inflicted by the hawk's talons on its 
tender sides, purring while she caressed her liberated offspring, 
with the same maternal affection as if no danger had assailed 
them or their affectionate parent.' 

(To be continued.) 



.A. TAILIE OIF DEVOTIOIT. 



SOME years ago a Russian nobleman was traveling on special 
business in the interior of Russia. It was the beginning of 
winter, but the frost had set in early. His carriage rolled up 
to an inn, and he demanded a relay of horses to carry him to 
the next station, where he intended to pass the night. The inn- 
keeper entreated him not to proceed, for he said there was dan- 
ger in traveling so late — the wolves were out. But the noble- 
man thought the man merely wanted to keep hiin as a guest , 
he said he was too early for wolves and ordered the horses to 
be put to. He then drove off, with his wife and his only 
daughter inside the carriage with him. Ou the box of the 
carriage was a serf who had been born on the nobleman's 
estate, to whom he was much attached, and who loved his mas- 
ter as he loved his own life. They rolled over the hardened 
snow, and there seemed no sign of danger. The moon shed 
her pale light, and brought out into burnished silver the road 
on which they were going. At length the little girl said to her 
father : 

" What was that strange howling noise that 1 just heard?" 

" Oh, nothing but the wind sighing through the trees," the 
father replied. 

The child shut her eyes and was quiet. But she said again ; 

"Listen, father; it is not like the wind 1 think," 

The father listened, and far, far away in the distance behind 
him, through the clear, cold, frosty air he heard a noise which 
he too well knew the meaning of. He then put down the win- 
dow and spoke to his servant : 

"The wolves I fear are after us; make haste. Tell tin! man 
lo drive faster, and gel your pistols ready." 

The postillion drove faster. Rut the same mournful sound 
which the child had heard approached nearer and nearer. It 
was clear that a pack of wolves had scented them out. The 
nobleman tried to calm tin' fear of his wife and ohild. Ai last 
the baying of the pack was distinctly heard. So he said to bis 
servant : 

"When they come up with us, do yon single out one and 
lire, and I will single out another, and while the rest are devour- 
ing them We shall gel on.' 

As soon as he put down the window, 

cry behind the largo dog-wolf at their 



lie saw the pack in full 
head. Two shots Were 



%/ 



i) 




TTTTTEITILE INSTRTJCTOB. 



175 



fired, and two of the wolves fell. The others instantly set upon 
and devoured them and meanwhile the carriage gained. But 
the taste of blood only made them more ferocious and they were 
soon upon the carriage again. Again two more shots were 
fired, and two fell and were devoured. But the carriage was 
soon overtaken, and the post house was yet far distant. The 
nobleman then ordered the postillion to loose one of his leaders 
that they might get a little time. This was done, aud the poor 
horse frantically plunged into the forest and the wolves after 
him, and was soon torn to pieces. Then another horse was 
sent off, and shared the same fate. The carriage labored on as 
fast as it could with the two remainiug horses, but the post- 
house was still distant. 

At length the servant said to the master : 

" I have served you ever since I was a child ; I love you as 
my own self. Nothing can save you but one thing. Let 
me save you. I ask you only to look after my wife and little 
ones." 

The nobleman remonstrated, but in vain. When the wolves 
next came up the faithful fellow threw himself among them. 
The panting horses galloped on with the carriage, and the gates 
of the post house just closed in upon it as the fearful pack 
were on the point of making the last fatal attack. But the 
travelers were safe. 

The next morning they went out, aud saw the place where 
the faithful servant had been pulled down by the wolves. His 
bones only were there, and ou the spot the nobleman erected a 
pillar, on which was written: " Greater love hath no man than 
this, that a man lay down his life for his frieud." "But God 
commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sin- 
ners, Christ died for us." 

Selected. 



TTHIE GTTIE^IFIEW BELL, 



ANY" have heard of the curfew bell, but not at all of its 
origin. Its history in England runs back to the time of 
William the Conqueror, who ordered a bell to be rut>g about 
sundowu in summer, and eight o'clock in the evening in winter, 
at which time fires and lights were to be put out and the people 
to remain withiu doors, and penalties were imposed upon those 
who neglected or refused to comply with the law. This was 
called the " curfew," a word derived from the French couvrefeu, 
cover fire, aud so the appropriateness of the name is readily 
seen. The old king has been generally charged with instituting 
this custom in order to impress upon his subjects a sense of 
their abject condition; but as the "curfew bell" was rung in 
France long before William's time, as a safeguard against fires, 
it is not at all improbable that he brought the custom with him 
into England from the Continent, and that he has been slander- 
ed as to his motives. At any rate, he has sins enough to 
answer for without this. 

In the .Sixteenth century "bellmen" were added to the 
night-watch in London, They went through the streets ringing 
their bells, and crying, "Take care of fire and candle; be kind 
to the poor, and pray for the dead." It was the bellman's 
duty, also, to bless the sleepers as he passed their doors. In 
" II I'cnseroso " Milton refers to this custom : 

" The bellman'e drowsy charm, 
To bless the doon from nightly barm." 
Poets have often referred to the curfew i>r cover-lire lull. 
Gray begins his beautiful "Elegy" with 

"The curfew tolls the knell of parting day." 

Longfellow, too, has a pretty little i m telling the story of 

this bell with charming simplicity: — 

" Solemnly, and mournfully dealing its dole, 
The curfew bell i i beginning t" toll. 



" Cover the ember, put out the light, 

Toil comes with the morning, and rest with the night. 
" Dark grow the windows, and quenched is the lire, 

Sound fades into silence, all footsteps retire, 
" No voice in the chambers, no sound in the hall, 

Sleep and oblivion reign over all." 

King William died, and the original obligations of the curfew 
were at last removed about the time of Henry I., in 1100; but 
the custom of ringing an evening bell is still kept up in England, 
with variations as to the hour. The "nine o'clock bell" — 
familiar to most New England people — which sends so many 
young people home and to bed, and which, in the early history 
of our country, was almost as rigidly obeyed by all, both old 
and young, as the old curfew, traces its origin almost directly to 
the cover-fire-bell. In Longfellow's Evangeline" the custom is 
well defined: — 

" Anon the bell from the belfry 
Rang out the hour of nine — the village curfew — and straightway 
Rose the guests and departed ; and silence reigned in the household." 

But uow the customs have changed ; and though the bell still 
rings out on the evening air, in country village and city street, it 
has lost its power, save as a tell-tale of passing time. Let the 
old bells ring on, we love the sound ; or, in the words of 
Mi » ire : — 

" Those evening bells! those evening bells ! 
How many a tale their music tells, 
Of youth, and home, and that sweet time 
When last I heard their soothing chime ! " 

Selected. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor 

THIE PATH OIF IDTTTY. 



IT has been often said that the path of duty is the path of 
safety, and this is a very, truthful remark, for such indeed is 
the case, as anybody, young or old, may know by experience. 
It may be and very often is the case that many other paths seem 
more pleasant than the path of duty. At first they may not 
only seem but may really be so. Yet such pleasantness is not 
substantial; on the contrary, it very soon passes away and those 
paths become unpleasant, crooked, rough, thorny, and difficult, 
and that Scripture is brought forcibly to mind which says, 
"The way of transgressors is hard." On the other hand, the 
path of duty is not only safe but really pleasant, though fre- 
quently it may appear at first sight anything but pleasant. 
Many a time has the path of duty appeared so uninviting, so 
unpleasant, in fact so distasteful and even repulsive at first, as 
to offer no inducement to anyone to walk in it; but many 
inducements have appeared to lead one to walk in some other 
path. This has served the purpose of trying one's integrity, 
one's faithfulness, for whenever the path of duty has been 
chosen, everybody can testify that it became unexpectedly plea- 
sant, difficulties vanished, strength and ability were given 
according to one's necessities, flowers of pleasantness sprang up 
in divers Supposedly barren places, peace and >atisl;iction of 
mind followed ami became -solid and enduring, and one was 
enabled to accomplish results far greater than were anticipated 
before the path was entered upon. It may further be said that 
upon many occasions in the writer's own experience, when the 
path of duly lias appeared most unpleasant ami most uninviting, 
nay, actually forbidding, ami lie lias unflinchingly walked in 

that path regardless of the unpleasantness ami the other dis- 
couragements, be has invariably bund thai it was the very 
path appointed of God to lead him to the obtaining of a groal 
blessing, ami frequently to the obtaining of die very particular 

and express blessing that be was wishing to obtain, and bis way, 
although it may have appeared to be hedged up as with thorns, 

has I n unexpectedly oponod and made plain ami company 



^SN* 



■*?&*& 



SE 



* 



17S 



JUYEUILE IUSTRUOTOE 



I 



lively easy and very pleasant to him, while he haa been helped 
times iu au unexpected and extraordinary manner. So 
that he has been encouraged over and over again to go forth and 
do his duty in the fear of God and relying upon llim for 
assistance. 

Many times have the Elders, when called to go upon missions, 
to foreign countries, or in the United States, found their way 
unexpectedly and almost miraculously opened and prepared 
before them, and die people, at least some of them, among 
whom they were sent, prepared to receive them and their 
ge and minister to their wants and oheer and comfort them 
on their missions. 

The path of duty f. .r children is to obey thi ii parents in the 
fear of God. That will prove the path of safety and of real 
ire, althou-h at first it may seem most pleasant to have 
tlmir own way and to be disobedient and do many things to 
- of their parents. But if children walk in the 
path of duty, which is the path of obedience, they will find 
a great deal more pleasure and lasting enjoyment than they can 
find by walking in any other path, 

A. Z. 



(Fiurcr.iaiubcnrc. 



Wi:i.i.s\'it.i.n City, Oetobci 20th, i>u. 
Rlitor : actor. 

IB: I am n young man of st. ady habits, for I try to eschew all 
evil, therefore I ran speak to the young boys of 1 tan perhaps for 

Ihelrown good. When I lo ■:. ar I me and sec the baneful infln- 

I ' poisons have npon the youth of 

iceful Territory, 1 cannot help bul to deplore the coarse 

icarc taking, f..r as Soli mon Baid: ' "Wine is a miocker, strong 

not ". ' e." Does it 

..f freemen and members of the Church of Christ to 

i with onr eyes open, and < t we still have the 

upon us? No. Whoever beard tell of 

a wrong. Do not think of such things, boy 8 1 

I U a higher position than to patronize whisky 

Onr] landmarks for 

make us any more a man when we drain the 

aoke the pi] LK> it not 

I lliink It d Then lot i 

< nrn - ■■ the advice of our fathers, for how often dow< 

"do you drink '. i ikef Thli ■ to n murk: I 

"'-•' ' the (Inst pipe. Let as attend 

ip tii. Influence of hitoxlcatiug drink 

i we Bhall Dnd thi Btiilli ol 
lal In th Id and in thi m 

V.. 



Isi : - Men.— Throw a stone into th \ 

and mark the | .• g ucn 

: will yon throw it 
—for virtue or via ! Von have the power of partially redeeming 
the world, i • i' ten ti wicked. Which will 

i ■': 
When the Roman libcrti to b desti 

in his work' 
■ the comi 

and r-t 1 human 

With the rapport of . rn the 

aparativcly futile would be 

tl is your influence, beware where you throw 

it, liv I ,], jtrpy. Feel 

that you an- living f.. r .,t!, . that your destiny, as 

wcD as that of m how yon 







-A-XJ r j?TJivnnsr nyroi^isr. 



\ cry sweet and pleasant 

Is the Autumn morn, 
Wlun the breeze Quiescent 

Hardly moves the corn. 
Seel the sun appearing, 

Grandly climbs the sky, 
All creation cheering, 

Shining fur and nigh. 

Wry sweet the breathing 

< if the virgin mom, 
O'er the wild Bowers wreathing 

Mid the russet com — 
Waving like a billow, 

Ere the sleepers rise, 
Coming to our pillow — 

Beautiful surprise! 

Sec the dew-drops glittering 

On a thousand leaves, 

Hear the swallows Iwitterin 

Hymns along t lie eaves. 
And the lark up yonder, 

Out of sight has down : 

Gaze In y<\- and wonder— 

.Make the bliss your u\\ n, 

foods, in calm rehearsal, 
Pen. I and stir in sou 

Nature's universal 

Anthem rolls along. 
Fort si treet and rivers 

Join with glad accord, 
And tin 

I'rali i to thi Lord. 

\ ery m sol and pleasant 

is the Autumn mom, 
God the t Omnipresent 

Walks among the com. 

And the hills terrestrial, 
Brightened from above, 
i Irow in Bhapi a h Hal, 

Pull nf In aven ami love. 



Everything useful or necessary is th" cheapest. Walking 
i- the most wholesome exercise; water, the befit drink; and 
plain food the most nourishing ami healthy diet. Even in 
knowledge, th.' mo I u sful, is th ■ easiest acquired, 



Ik you wish for a clear mind, strong muscles, and quiet 
. avoid all drinks hut water; shun tobacco and opium, 
■Hid • i ry tliin" el o that disturbs thi' norma 
By stem. 



i tate of tl 



ie 



J"Lr"V"EITIIL,E insrSTK/TJOTOP6 
Ii published in Salt Lake city, Utah Territory, 

>.\ 1.1:1 hi HER B Alt lili.W. 

CEORCE Q CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Shiffte Copy, /""'' .i"""»i $l' ..ii. 

.v. »■//>• ''■/../, for Six StotUht 1 50t 

»0- l Iron bTOO M In tin- I'ily f.ir I In- .Ii v I mi It P-.I mrliir. will b ' 
■ ■! ■ ■ ..1 ..nr |...|" . hi i i:i i NEWS Hi ii.imm. . 



h^* 



"ilj^^Cj 




