
VOL. 8 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JUNE 7, 1873. 



NO. 12. 



THE CROCODILE OF T IHI IE <3> .A. 3ST C3- B S . 




THE Ganges is the most celebrated of Asiatic rivers. It is 
in Hindostan, and is the largest river in that country. Its 
■waters used to be regarded as sacred by many or most of the 
inhabitants, and perhaps they are still considered so by some 
of them. But a great change is taking place in the ideas of 
the people 

there, and num- -^^7 ^ 

bers of them 
are breaking 
the bands of 
supers ti tion 
which once 
bound them; 
and that class 
among the in- 
habitants of 
Hindostan are 
not very likely 
to respect the 
water of the 
Ganges more 
than that of 
any other river. 
The river 
Ganges, how- 
ever, is not the 
subject which 
we wish to 
write about 
now, but the 
Crocodile of the 
Ganges. Wc 
have got a pic- 
ture of the rep- 
tile here. Did 
you ever see, or 
can you think 
of, anything 
more repulsive? 
Look at his 
scaly back, his 
short but pow- 
erful arms and 

his long, slender muzzle— the distinguishing peculiarity 
crocodile of the Gauges— and the rows of sharp teetl 
which it is furnished. Only fancy yourself bathing 
waters of the famous East Indian river, and one of 
horrid and ferocious creatures making his appearance! 



a terrifying position it would be, and it is one in which bathers 
have been placed many a time, for crocodiles are very numer- 
ous in the Ganges, and bathers, and even persous standing on 
the banks of the river, have often been devoured by them. 
The crocodile is found in the swamps of nearly all tropical 

or equatorial 



4i 




of the 
l with 
in the 
these 
What 



countries. It is 
quite common 
in the most 
southerly por- 
tions of the 
United States, 
but there it is 
called alligator. 
In India it is 
called gavin, 
and in Egypt 
and other parts 
crocodile. There 
are some slight 
differences in 
the anatomy of 
reptiles of this 
class found in 
various parts of 
the world, but 
the geueral ap- 
pearance of all 
is much alike; 
and in character 
there is no dif- 
ference. They 
are all fierce, 
and all amphib- 
ious, and all are 
included under 
one family 
name, and that 
name crocodile. 
The crocodile 
of the Ganges 
is said to bo 
larger than any 
other, sometimes being seventeen feet long. Wherever found 
they are regarded with great fear by the natives, and no 
wonder, for they are so strong and ferocious that they are a 
match for several men. Yet ugly and destructive as they are, 
would you believe it, they have actually been, at different times 




R 



90 



JTJTENILE INSTRUCTOR 




and by different people, the object of worship aud adoration ? ' 
This was especially the case with the ancient Egyptians. They 
used to keep them in their religious temples, aud the priests 
would feed them and adorn them with gold and jewels; and 
when one of them died, his body was embalmed and buried 
with honor; and now, iu some museums in this country and 
Europe, may be seen the mummies of these reptiles, embalmed 
and buried thousands of years ago, which have been found in and 
removed from the catacombs or burial places of ancient Egypt. 
But if the accounts of travelers and historians are to be relied 
on, it is in Hindostan where have been seen the most dreadful 
effects of superstition in respect to crocodiles. Some time ago 
we told you something about the custom of murdering their 
infant children, once so common among the natives of Hindo- 
stan. One of the most popular methods of baby murder there 
was by flinging them into the Ganges. This was done as a 
sacrifice to their goddess Gunga. . Before throwing the babe 
into the river the mother prayed to the goddess to send a 
crocodile to devour the child, and if one appeared it was throwu 
with eagerness to it. If, after the child had been cast into the 
water, the mother departed without seeing one of these 
monsters appear, she thought her offering had not been as 
acceptable to the goddess as she desired. It is scarcely possi- 
ble to believe that such cruelty as this could ever have been 
practiced by mothers, yet it has been recorded by so many 
authorities that there seems to be little room to doubt. But 
owing to the labors of the missionaries of the various Christian 
churches in Hindostan, and to the efforts and edicts of the 
British government, this and other cruel practices, the result of 
the superstitious religions and practices of the natives, have 
ceased; and now, it is said, that all the regard the natives 
there show fur crocodiles is to kill them whenever they have an 
opportunity to do so. 



HISTORY OF 
O HU K/O HI. 
{Continued.) 



THE 



IX :ill countries where the press is free, as it U in the United 
States, it is a most powerful agent in the formation of 
public opinion; and those who were in the Church and were 
well acquainted with its history in early days know that 
u good deal of the popular prejudice against the Saints was 
owing, almost wholly, to the false reports published in the 
newspapers of the country, very many of which, besides print- 
ing lying statements about our people, also, in their editorials, 
denounced them iu the bitterest terms, and attempted to justify 
their persecutors. A few, however, took a decided stand in 
opposition to the lawless proceedings by which the Saints 
suffered so much, and while they cared nothing for "Mormon- 
ism" itself, they spoke in strong terms against the outrages 
perpetrated upon the " Mormons," and condemned the author- 
ities, especially those of Illinois, for aidiug or permitting them. 
The course of journals of this class had the effect, in a few 
mouths, of causing a partial re-action in public sentiment in 
favor of the Saints. The following editorial, which appeared 
in the New York Sun, shortly aft;r the expulsion from 
Nauvoo, was one of the most favorable published : 

"Considerable interest and sympathy begin to prevail in 
favor of the 'Mormons.' For a long time their peculiar 
religious tenets, the strange origia of their faith, the singular 
personages selected fur their prophets and temporal guides, and 
the books published against them, produced iu public opinion a 
most unfavorable impression. They were represented to be 
utterly unmoved in their habits and dishonorable in their, 
practices, and it is a remarkable circumstance that the 'Mor- 
mons' themselves never opposed to these charges any serious 




remonstrance. When a lawless mob broke into prison and 
murdered Joe Smith their leader and his brother Hyrum, the 
act shocked the community for a while, but it was soon forgot- 
ten. A number of persons in the State of Illinois subsequently 
organized themselves into bands under the name Anti-Mor- 
mons, to drive them out of the State, and compel them to 
abandon their farms, their homes, and the costly temple which 
the)' had erected. For this purpose the Anti-Mormons armed 
themselves, obtained cannon and munitions of war, and marched 
into Nauvoo for the purpose of attacking and driving the people 
out of the city. The position of the 'Mormons' attracted the 
attention of the citizens of other States, but as the State of 
Illinois itself did nothing for their protection, on the contrary 
rather permitted the outrages to be perpetrated upon them, it 
was believed that their characters were so bad and their morals 
so impure as to justify the determination to drive them to seek 
some other place of residence. The 'Mormons' defended 
themselves and their homes as well as they could, but being 
overpowered by numbers, having the State against them, hav- 
ing public opinion to contend against, and no aid and no pro- 
tection, they said 'We will go;' and they did go, into the wilder- 
ness, leaving a few friends to take care of their property, their 
farms, aud their temple — to sell all at a sacrifice. Men, 
women, aud children, some ou foot, some in wagons, carrying 
with them the remains of their household furniture, left their 
homes aud took to the wilderness. Part entered the army 
bound to California, and another body went west of the 
Mississippi. Thus some 12,000 or 15,000 persons, from a state 
of comfort and prosperity, were driven from their homes to lie 
down on the banks of sickly rivers, or to encounter the more 
savage Indians on the vast prairies of the West. It now 
appears from the testimony of persons worthy of credit — from 
those who are intimate with the ' Mormons,' and have closely 
observed their habits aud pursuits, that great injustice has been 
done to the character of those unfortunate people, so treatsd, so 
wronged, and so abandoned by a soverign State which was 
bound to protect them. The late Captain Allen of the U. S. 
Dragoons, who had a body of 500 under his command, not only 
represented them as spirited and patriotic, good and faithful, 
but describes them as 'wonderfully pure and unexceptionable iu 
their moral conduct; frugal, industrious, aud self-denying; 
manifesting patient heroism in the endurance of suffering, 
worthy the noblest Christian character.' And a correspondent 
of the United States Gazette, of character and veracity, who 
has travelled and lived among them, declares that the 'virtues 
of the family, chastity, affection, aud the spirit of united effort 
for the advancement of family happiness, form absolute char- 
acteristics of this outcast people, together with temperance, 
frugality, industry, energy, and constancy of purpose.' If this 
be so, words are inadequate to portray the gross injustice aud 
cruelty practised towards them in the State of Illinois. Some 
excuse can be found for the religious and personal outrages of 
the Goths and Vandals, or for the cruelties aud persecutions of 
the darker ages; but in these enlightened times, in a country of 
laws and free institutions, where the largest liberty is secured 
to every citizen — that a community of 12,000 or 15,000 people, 
without having been charged with auy legal delinquency, should 
be driven by force of arms from their homes and property as 
outcasts, and that tho strong arm of the State should not be 
held forth for their protection, is a stain on our aunals aud ou 
our country at large, which we apprehend will take years to 
wash out. We have no parallel to it in the history of our 
country. But the tale does not end here. Riot, drunkenness, 
and crime, signalized the victor;/ <>f the Anti-Mormons I A 
reckless body of men seized upon the 'Mormon' property, took 
possession of their farms, desecrated their temple, and the 
poor, the sick, the aged, and the infant, were driven half 
famished into the woods, and the safeguards of domestic and 
social life were thus outraged and broken down. 



:<&ty-> 




CTTJ^TEIsriLEI I1TSTE/TJOTOR, 



91 




"If recent statements respecting their condition and char- 
acter be true, the State of Illinois is bound in honor and in law 
to restore them to their homes and property, and the Legisla- 
ture, for the sake of justice and humanity — for the character of 
the State and the institutions of the country, should direct the 
governor to issue a proclamation inviting the 'Mormons' to 
return to their homes, and offering to guarantee their safety 
against every attempt to injure or molest them. They are now, 
by the injustice of the State, dying in the wilderness of sick- 
ness and starvation — a prey to savage Indians and beasts of 
prey. Many are lying on the bare earth opposite to Nauvoo, 
while brigands have possession of their property. Let Illinois 
move in the good work, before public opinion everywhere 
unite in demanding for the 'Mormons' indemnity for the past 
and security for the future." 

(To be continued.) 



ANECDOTES OF WILD 

ANIMALS, ETC. 

(Continued from page 67.) 




T17E present you, this week, some extracts from the writings 
*1 of another celebrated lion killer — a Frenchman named 
Girard, once a private soldier in the French army in Algiers — 
the country in which all his adventures and risks, while lion 
hunting and killing, occurred. We give first, the following 
interesting facts — the experience of this writer— about the 
habits and voice of the king of the beasts : 

" When a lion and lioness are together, the female always 
roars first and at the moment when the couple is leaving its lair. 
The roar is composed of a dozen distinct sounds which are 
commenced by low sighing, and then go on crescendo and fiuish 
as they began, leaving an interval of a few seconds between 
each sound; the lion then alternates with the lioness. 

"They roar in that manner every quarter of an hour up to 
the moment when they approach the encampment that they are 
about to attack, when they both keep silence; but after they 
have taken and eaten their food they recommence their mel- 
ancholy music and continue it until morning. 

"A solitary lion generally roars as he rises from his slumber 
at the commencement of the night, and will often coutinue his 
thundering challenges without cessation until he reaches the 
encampments. During the great heats of Summer the lion 
roars but little, and sometimes not at all; but as the season of 
his amours advances he makes up for the time lost in silence. 

"The Arabs, whose language is rich in comparisons, have 
but one word (or the roaring of the lion, and that is rud 
— thunder. 

*' Among other foolish questions I have had asked me is, 
' Why does the lion roar ?' I would say that the roaring of the 
lion is to him what to the bird is his musical song, aud if the 
questioner does not believe the fact, if he will go to the forests 
and pass several years in his company, he may, perchance, find 
a better explanation. 

"The length of the life of the liou is from thirty to forty 
years. He kills or consumes, year by year, horses, mules, 
horned cattle, camels and sheep to the value of twelve hundred 
dollars, and taking the average of his life, which is thirty-five 
years, each lion costs the Arab forty-two thousand dollars." 

Mr. Girard says that he spent six hundred nights watching 
for lions, and he became so famous among the Arabs, as a liou 
killer, that whenever any of the districts in which they lived 
became troubled by these much dreaded animals, they would 
send for him to rid them of the same. 

In his book he tells the following story, related to him by 
the Arabs, who vouched for its truth, which is a terrible 



illustration of leonine ferocity. The city referred to is the city 
of Constantine, in Algiers : 

"Two brothers, condemned to death, were confined in the 
city prison, awaiting their execution on the morrow. They 
were bandits of great renown for strength and courage; the 
Bey, fearing that they might escape by their address and 
hardihood, gave orders that they should be ironed with entraves, 
that is, an iron ring which is bound around the right leg of one 
prisoner, with the left leg of another, in such a manner that the 
two legs are fastened close together, and then the iron band is 
welded. 

"This was done, and yet on the morrow, the executioner, on 
visiting their cell, found it empty, and no one knew how they 
had escaped. The two brothers, as soon as they were free from 
the prison inclosure, made unavailing efforts to cut or pry off 
their cumbersome ornament; but finding it impossible, fled 
across the country, avoiding as much as possible the frequented 
paths. 

" When daylight came they hid themselves in the rocks, and 
only resumed their flight with the evening, being lighted on 
their way by the faint rays of a crescent moon, aud the bright 
hope of freedom. Thus they had already traveled a long 
distance, when, in the middle of the second night, they sud- 
denly came upon a lion. 

"The two robbers commenced by throwing stones at him, 
and calling out as loud as they were able, in order to make him 
flee, but the animal crouched down before them and did not 
move. 

"Seeing that the stones and menaces were of no avail, the 
frightened men commenced their prayers; but before they were 
finished the lion sprang upon them, and throwing them to the 
ground, devoured the elder while still chained to the body of 
his younger brother. 

"The living man, as he heard the lessening of his relative's 
moans, and the crunching of the lion at his hideous meal, 
had no trouble in counterfeiting death, but swooned where he 
fell. 

"When the animal had eaten the body down to the shackle, 
finding a substance he could not masticate, he bit off the leg 
of the brother he was eating below the knee, leaving the 
lower part of the limb still confined to the iron link. Then, 
either from thirst or from being satisfied with what he had 
eaten, he left the living man, and walked down to a brook, a 
little distance oft". 

" The poor fellow, once alone, sprang to his feet, aud dragging 
with him the mangled limb, crept into a crevice of a rock that 
he was fortunate enough to discover. 

"A few moments after, the insatiate beast arrived on his 
track, roaring with auger, and passed around aud above the 
hole iu which he had sought refuge; but being unable to reach 
his prey, he left for the woods with the first dawning of day. 

" The trembliug fugitive, a second time saved, crawled out 
of his hiding-place to renew his flight, when he was captured 
by some of the horsemen of the Bey, who had been following 
his traces, who, putting him on the crupper of the saddle, 
carried him back to Constantine, where he was agaiu thrown 
into prison. 

" The Bey, astonished at the tale his soldiers brought back to 
him, ordered the uiau into his presence to certify to the truth 
of the story, and the culprit was led out, still dragging after 
him the leg of his brother. Ahmed Bey was so moved by the 
strange spectacle and wild narrative, that, although bearing the 
reputation of a cruel ruler, he ordered the entrave broken, and 
the prisoner to bo set at liberty." 

( To be continued.) 



Wi; may consent to common custom, but not to common 

folly. 





92 



J" IT "V E UST I L IE I1TSTRUCTOB, 





CEORCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, JUNE 



1873. 



EDITORIAL TBIOTJa-BCTS- 





ECORATION Pay was observed through- 
out the eouutry a few days since, and as it 
is likely to beeouje a national holiday in 
the United States we are going to tell our 
readers somethiug about it in particular, 
and national holidays iu general. We 
have no doubt that the young readers of the 
Ji vknii.k Instructor are glad whenever 
a general holiday occurs, for on such days, 
besides being vacation from school and 
cessation of labor, there are generally lots of fun 
and enjoyment. Sunday is a general holy, or 
rest, day in all Christian nations; but a holiday 
is not necessarily a holy day, and it is of the 
former we write. And Sunday, although a 
general rest day, is not reckoned among the general 
J'TV^? n it ioual holidays. 
9 fe^L Most of these holidays had a religious origin, and 
' A they are more numerous in Catholic than in Protestant 

countries. In Great Britain the day kept as the anniversary of 
the birth of the Savior is about the only general holiday of the 
character. Good Friday — the anniversary of the Cucifixion, aud 
Easter Monday — the day after the one ou which the Resurrection 
is commemorated, Whitujonday, the day following the anni- 
versary of the Day of Pentecost, and may be two or three others 
arc reckoned there as times wheu fun and rejoicing may be 
indulged in more thau ordinarily, and iu some parts of that 
country they are kept as holidays by those who feel disposed 
to observe them and can afford to have an extra day's rest. 

In this country national holidays, that is holidays observed 
by the people of the whole country, an' very few in number; 
hitherto there have only been two of them — the Fourth of 
July and New Year's Day. Christmas Day docs not seem to 
be though) near SO much "t in this country as in Europe; and 
there, New fear's Day is nc( esteemed so highly as in this. 
Hut in th" United States the great national holiday is the 4th 
of July, the anniversary of Independence Day — the day upon 
which, in the year 1776, the colonics composing the thirteen 
original States of the Union declared their independence and 
threw off the yoke imposed upon them by British rule. On 
that ever memorable day the most unbounded enthusiasm of 
the people ol the whol • country seems to be called forth, and 
almost every manifestation of joy and pleasure it is possible to 

think ol is indulged in. 

'111., to be a disposition now on the part of the 

; v riimeiit. and of the people generally throughout the country, 
to establish another national holiday, to be called Decoration 
Day. The origin and character of this holiday are gloomy. 
Fou know that, during the War of the Rebellion, many thou- 
if men were ilaio while fighting to preserve the Union, 
Well each the close of the war, the 10th daj of 

Maj has be n observed by all the soldiers who look part in and 
survived thi wai u i day on which, to show reaped to the 
memory of their d id comrades, they have strewn Bowers on 
The non military portion of the people manifest 
a disposition to lake part in the observance of this day, and 
th'T. seems to be in inclination to include the graves of all 
soldiers whs have died in any of tic wars of the Union, and 



their memories will be houored and their graves strewn with 
flowers the same as of those who were killed in the War of the 
Rebellion. 

The 30th of May, this year, was observed as a general holi- 
day in this city. The stores were closed and business was 
suspended. A number of citizens, with a baud of music, we it 
to the cemetery at Camp Douglas, and when there they were 
joined by the oflicers and soldiers of the camp. Speeches were 
made in honor of the dead defenders of the Union, and then 
the graves of all soldiers buried there were strewn with flowers. 
The day was kept in the same way in all parts of the country, 
the ceremonies at some places beicig of an imposing character; 
and as the enthusiasm for the observance of the day seems to 
increase each succeeding year, it is very likely that, in addition 
to New Year's and Independence Day, the people of the 
United States will henceforth include among their uational 
holidays the 30th of May — Decoration Day. 



Solomon's Temple and the Pyramids.— If we regard, 
says a writer in the Ediuburgh Review, not so much the 
evidence of the labor devoted to the work of the Temple as the 
effect produced ou the miud by its apparent magnitude, we may 
suggest the following comparisons : The length of the eastern 
wall of the Sanctuary is rather more than double that of one 
side of the great Pyramid. Tts bight, from the foundation on 
the rock at the south, and near the northern angles, was nearly 
a third of that of the Egyptian structure. If to this great 
hight of one hundred and fifty-two feet of solid wall be added 
the descent (if one h tndred and fourteen feet to the bed of the 
Kedron, and the further elevation of one hundred and sixty 
feet attained by the pinnacle of the Temple porch, we have a 
tut il bight ol four hundred and twenty-six feet, which is only 
fifty-nine feci less than that of the great Pyramid. The area 
of the face tt' the eastern wall is more than double that of one 
side of the pyramid. Thus the magnitude of the noble Sanctu- 
ary of Jerusalem far exceeded that of any other temple in the 
world. Two amphitheatres of the size of the Coliseum would 
have stood within its colossal girdle and left room to spare. 
The Coliseum is said to have seated eighty-seven thousand 
spectators, and accommodated twenty-two thousand more iu its 
arena and passages. For such a number to have been crammed 
within its circle, the space for each person must have been 
limited to seventeen by twenty inches. Allowing two cubits 
each way, or four square cubits for each worshiper iu the temple, 
the sanctuary would have contained thirty thousand; the Chel, 
excluding the Priests' Court, twenty thousand more, and there 
would yet have been room in the great court and the cloisters 
to make 1)1,. total reach more than two hundred and ten thou aad. 
Another writer has the following on the Temple of Solomon : 
The Jewish Temple in Jerusalem existed nearly one thousand 
years as the first stood nearly four hundred, and the last about, 
six hundred years. By its site, this temple was very much 
exposed to the severe thunderstorms whereby Palestine is so 
often visited. Nevertheless, we fiud neither in the Bible nor in 
Josephus that this building was ever struck by lightning. The 
reason thereof is very simple, for the wise King Solomon was 
not unacquainted with the laws of nature, and had made his 
arrangements purposely, so that the temple was provided with 
a lightning conductor, which was very ncHr the same as the one 
invented by Franklin, which is in use by us now. The roof of 
ih temple was covered with heavily gilt cedarwood, and was 
provided from end to end with steel bars, whereof the long 
points were also gilt. The walls were heavily gilt outside; and 
finally, in the court of tin- temple, cisterns were placed, wherein 
the water from the roof ran through metal pipes. We find 
lei go many conductors for the electricity, that Liohtenberg 
was right in saying the, constructors in our day are far from 
arranging an apparatus so useful for its put pose. 





JTJYEUILE INSTRUCTOR. 



93 




^3ST ABAB SOHZOOI... 



HOW would you like to learn to write as the little fellows in 
the picture are doing ? They have neither pens, ink nor 
paper, seats nor desks, but kneeling on the floor, upon which 
some sand is sprinkled, with their fingers they have to copy the 
marks made by their teacher. To learn to write as you do, 
with pens, ink, paper and comfortable seats and desks is a very 
tedious process, and, to become a good writer, requires daily 
practice for years. The labor of the operation, however, is not 
very heavy, that is, it does not tire you like chopping, digging 
or other hard work. To learn to write as these young Arabs 
are doing is not only very tedious and clumsy, but it must also 
be very tiring. 

Perhaps you think the Arabians are very stupid to stick to 
such a poor way as this of teaching their children to write; and 
we think so too. But then Arabia, you know, is an eastern 
land, and all orieutals, or natives of the lands of the far East, 
cling very obstinately to old habits. They do not seem as if 
they have the faculty to progress like the nations of the West; 





and because of this they, in fallowing their various occupations! 
use tools now very much like those used by their forefathers 
three or four thousand years ago. This is the case among the na- 
tives of all eastern climes except where Europeans or Americans 
have established themselves and have introduced their customs. 
Europeans and Americans have now been living and associating 
with the Chinese in their own land for a great many years, 
and although the Chinese an- in very many respects a smart 
and intelligent people, they have steadily refused to allow rail- 
roads and telegraphs to be built in China, the government and 
people preferring to travel over their very extensh ountry in 

their clumsy boats on canals, or i'i OS teams ami oilier very 
slow and old fashioned ways on land, rather than benefit them- 
selves by adopting the improvements of tin' "Western bar- 
barians," as they call white people, We do not know whether 
there is yet either a railroad or telegraph in all China, we 
binll not Imt if there is, it has been built very lately. 



Nothing can more forcibly illustrate the difference in the 
character of the people of the Eastern and Western nations 
than this peculiarity. The Western nations believe in going 
ahead and progressing — they never stand still. Onward and 
onward forever, is their motto; but the natives of Eastern 
lands to-day walk in the same grooves as those in which their 
fathers trod thousands of years ago. The people of Europe, 
or the very few of them who knew how to write ages ago, had 
te learn in some such clumsy way as some of the Arabians do 
to-day; but it is a long, long time since that was the case, they 
are too p ogressive and inventive for that, and for centuries 
now they have used pens or pencils, and paper or parchment. 

Would you believe that the Arabians who learn to write in 
the barbarous and clumsy manner here represented, jwere a 
thousand years ago, a powerful and civilized nation, and that 
many poems and works on science were composed in their 
beautiful language ? Then they were masters of a good deal of 
Asia and Africa, and of a portion of Europe, and to them the 
civilized nations of to-day are indebted for one important branch 
of mathematical science, for it is said that the Arabians gave 
algebra to the Europeans. But their glory has dwindled since 
then, and to-day most of them are little in advance of the 
Indians; they inhabit tents, aud like the founder of their race — 
Ishmael, son of the patriarch Abraham, their hand is against 
every man and, when in the countries they live in, every man's 
hand is forced to be against them to protect himself from their 
attacks aud robberies. 

The Arabs of the present day are scattered over extensive 
districts in Asia aud Africa, in some of which Christian 
missionaries are laboring, endeavoring to convert them from 
their wild and savage life and to extend amongst them a 
knowledge of the arts and customs of civilized people. They 
have opened a few schools for Arabic children, aud there, at 
least, we may be sure that a better method of teaching writing 
is practiced than the one illustrated by our engraving. 



[For the Jurcnile Instructor. 



%\tMM$i oii Hjttttttoit 4$ittg$. 



egsf 



GASES.-ITO. 2. 



HYDROGEN is the lightest gas known, it is one of the 
constituents of illuminating gases, it may bo in union with 
carbon (carburetted hydrogen), sulphur (sulphurated hydrogen), 
in combination with the vapors of volatile oils, and perhaps in 
a free state (hydrogen). Hydrogen being a constituent of water 
(moisture of coal) is easily accounted for; sulphur is a constitu- 
ent of pyrites nearly always found in coal. The variety of coal 
or mineral thst gas is made from and the treatment it undergoes 
in the retorts have much to do with the illuminating qualities 
of gas. 

It is not the levity, or light weight, of gas, however, that 
altogether determines its illuminating power or that causes it to 
ascend in the gas pipes to the burners. A judicious admixture 
of various gases is made at the gasworks by devices that require 
great chemical and practical knowledge, a'" 1 pressure is brought 
to bear upon the gas at the gasometer— a largo cylinder thai 
contains the gas as a reservoir at the works. Neither must we 
suppose that there is nothing else to do but to put thecoul, or 
other material used for generating t:as, into a retort and apply 
iog beat to drive off the gOS; tar has to l»' separated, vapors 
have to be removed, th I gas has to be cooled, or condensed and 
purified. The gas produced together with all the other pro- 
ducts is the •",il sijiiini/n/ <>r ln-oken up by the action of heat 
into a multitude of n<w bodies. Many of these are useless, 





94 



JUYEKILE IFSTBUOTOR. 




some are worse than useless; these have to be got rid of. No 
doubt many of the young readers of the Juvenile Instructor 
have seen the mechanical contrivances resorted to for supplying 
our city with gas : iron pipes arc Hd down in the streets at a 
convenient depth so that connections may be made with them 
to supply the houses and the street lamps. Gas-fitting is an 
established branch of business among us; trade in oil lamps 
will be less lucrative. Locomotives, telegraphs, street rail- 
roads and gaslights are all new forms of industry that will be 
likely to make considerable changes. 

The young student may learn something of the nature of 
gases and of the principle by which they are separated by 
generating some hydrogen and carbonic acid, which may be 
done in the same vessel without any danger of explosion. 
Hydrogen may be made by placing some zinc cuttings in a 
mixture of one part of sulphuric acid to four or five parts of 
water. The gas will be liberated more or less freely according 
to the purity of the zinc, when quite pure it will be evolved 
Jowly. The energy of action may be lessened, if necessary, 
by adding more water. The gas may be collected iu an ordin- 
ary water bath, which consists of a trough with a shelf in it so 
that the vessel to contain the gas, the receiver, can be filled 
with water and placed upon the shelf. By conducting the gas 
underneath the receiver it will ascend and displace the water, 
that is, it will press the water out and occupy its place. In 
making the hydrogen care must be taken to let the first gas that 
is generated pass away, so that the atmosphere of the bottle is 
entirely removed. This is very important, as hydrogen when 
mixed with atmospheric air is explosive. It is the hydrogen 
of the water with which the sulphuric acid is diluted that 
forms the gas; when zinc can not be obtained iron may be used 
with the diluted acid. 

With hydrogen gas carbouic acid gas may be mixed by 
dissolving carbonate of lime (limestone or marble), one part of 
broken marble, and one part of hydrochloric acid diluted with 
three parts of water. The gas will rush off with great rapidity 
eff< rvescence). The same care should be taken to remove the 
air contained in tho bottle, and in all similar experiments. This 
^as when passed into a receiver may be removed by lime water 
being passed beneath it, as the carbonic acid enters again into 
combination with the lime to form carbonate of lime, the 
presence of which is known by the milky appearance of the 
water beneath the receiver and the subsidence of the carbonate 
as a white powder. Beth. 



[For the JueenOt Intt/rvcUtr. 

.A. BOY'S VOYAGE ZROTJILTID 
THE WORLD. 



VIEW Bedford, Mass., I found to be quite a neat and orderly 
ll little city, containing, I should judge, at that time, about 
tiftcen thousand inhabitants. The streets, like those of Phila- 
delphia, crossed at right angles, the majority of the houses 
neat and well built; of course, the whaling trade is the vitality 
of the community, directly and indirectly it is the nucleus 
around whirh oloatan the business of the place. To me the 
principal attraction was the wharves and shipping. Here 
■ \' r.thing and everybody were in confusion and bustle. Ships 
loading, unloading, undergoing repairs, piles and piles of oil 
casks, bundles of harpoons, old and new whaleboats, anchors, 
chains, ropes, span, sails, in fact everything pertaining to the 
whaleman's pursuit; coopers, ship-carpenters, riggers, truck- 
men and stevedores, loading and discharging vessels, rigging 
and bending sails, making spars and hammering on casks; all 
was life and business. There was some ten or twelve vessels 
nodergoug rcp.-iir>, some almi sf complete <>tlcr^ but com- 



menced; there seemed to be work for everybody. When I first 
became one of the number of men at our boarding house I 
wondered where they would find ships for them all, but when 
beholding the ships I questioned if they could find landsmen 
euough to man them, for I was then ignorant of all the arts 
and devices practiced by the "sharks" and shipping agents in 
different parts of the eastern States, along the great lakes and 
around our large cities. I remained in New Bedford nine days; 
time began to hang heavy and things to grow monotonous. No 

vessels being ready for crews when we arrived, Mr. H did 

not press us to enroll as he knew we would likely change our 
minds in regard to our likes and dislikes of this or that ship a 
dozen times a week, so, to sive trouble, when a ship was ready 
the crew was shipped and aboard, with outfits complete, before 
they had time to think or object. 

Owners of vessels offered the two hundredth and two huu- 
dred and tenth lay, that is, each greenhorn shipping would 
receive one barrel of oil, or its value, for every two hundred and 
two hundred and ten taken by the vessel during the voyage. 
This we all thought rather poor wages, and a great many 
refused to ship on that account. As for myself it troubled me 
but little whether I got the two hundredth or three hundredth 
lay. All the vessels then fitting out were bound for the Arctic 
Ocean; as it was cold and ugly weather in those North seas the 
year through, it was not to my taste. I was looking out for a 
sperm whaler bouud for the South Sea and Spanish main; it 
was there the bold Buccaneers performed their great exploits 
and I was going to sea to satisfy my curiosity and desired to look 
at the places I had so often read of. So I determined to ship only 
on a Southern bound craft; of course I was green and had not 
the least idea of a whaleman's life, but judged it as my fancy 
pictured — a trip of pleasure. Iu time, as you will see, I found 
out that the pleasures of whaling were like a great deal of the 
romance of the Buccaneers — all moonshine. 

We were hanging around the shipping office, killing time to 

the best of our ability, when Mr. II stepped into the room 

and called for volunteers to go to Nantucket; he said there was 
two ships fitting out at that place for the South Pacific and they 
wanted a few more men to complete their crews. He told us 
that they would give a good lay. "Fine ships and first rate 
skippers, come, boys dont all speak at once;" but the boys did 
not come forward. Nantucket had a bad name, or rather she 
had the name of sending out poor ships and regular old blow- 
hards to command them. Mr. H talked for some time 

trying to get some of us to go, but it was no go with the boys. 
At last 1 stepped forward and offered myself, a half-witted 
fellow, who went by the name of Santa Anna, followed me. I 

tried to get Harry P to go, but he flatly refused; so I gave 

him good-by, for Mr. II hurried us off as soon as possible. 

thinking, no doubt, that we would change our minds if left to 
worry, and it was really near the time for the boat to start for 
Nantucket. I soon found myself aboard, for I had nothing in 
the shape of baggage and no leave-taking to do. We were 
consigned to the Nantucket agent, whom we found waiting on the 
boat with four boys from some other office. Those boys were 
afterwards my shipmates: "Hank," a printer, twenty year old; 

John 11 , a blacksmith, nick-named "Smut," twenty years 

old; Jim M , a runaway from Rochester, N. Y., seventeen, 

and "Man-of-war Bill," about the samo age, also a runaway 
from the same place, with "Sauta Anna" and myself. We 
had the famous General Tom Thumb and suite, including the 
miniature carriage and pouies, to complete the passenger list. 
The General was very sociable during the trip, seeming to be 
quite interested with the whaling business. In fact we 
had a pleasant afternoon together and it put mo in better 
spirits than I thought possible a few hours before I left New 
Bedford. 

We arrived at Nantucket about five o'clock, and our "agent" 
(who by the way was not quite as polite as my former 



-Q 





jrTT^nKmsriLIE IUSTRTJOTOB 



acquaintances in that line) conducted us to the "Temperance 
House," kept by John Long. I forget the name of the street, 
but as it was in no way considered a fashionable house and I 
would rather not recommend it, its whereabouts is of but little 
consequence. 

At the "House" I found a great many boys and men, green- 
horns like myself, all going to ship or had shipped, in fact, one 
vessel's crew, the Monticello's, was ready and expected to leave 
that night. All hands were at supper when we arrived, but by 
the time we had washed and slicked up a little the table was 
re-spread and we received a polite invite to walk down and 
partake. Tom Thumb was all the rage and talk, I gave the land- 
lady rather an elaborate description of the General from head 
to heel, rehearsing all his sayings and describing all his actions 
on board the boat. I recited his history as well as I could 
remember, which was not much, so I fell back on the nursery 
story of the "Noted Tom," of which I knew a great deal and 
so did our landlady, and she believed it too, though I did not. 
By the time supper was over my memory was exhausted and 
the lady had set me down in her books as a very nice young 
man. 

From the dining room we retired into a sort of a shed, Mr. 
Long called a "sitting room," (you sat on the floor or in the 
doorway) aud as we were new arrivals he delivered himself of 
a long lecture, the subject, morality, good behaviour and tem- 
perance, cautioning us to beware of the lewd women of the 
town, and above all things to driuk no liquor; his house was a 
temperance house, and he did not allow the filthy stuff to be 
brought on the place; a drunken man he detested, and no 
drinking man should board one hour at his house; in fact, he 
gave us quite a good temperance lecture, and we left him, to 
walk around town for an hour or two. That night about twelve 
o'clock I heard a scuffling at the yard gate, and as the noise 
was unusual and the bugs bad, I walked down stairs to see 
what was the matter. Would you believe it? there was our 
temperance landlord as drunk as an owl, with two of the night 
police trying to get him in the house. So much for mine host, 
a regular old soak, wrapping himself in the cloak of temperance 
to hide his drunkenness; but he was no worse than the majority 
of the "sharks" into whose hands we had fallen from the time 
we left our homes until we left Nantucket. We were fleeced, 
skinned, imposed upon every hour of the day, and not one 
iota of reliance could be placed on their promises. 

The island of Nantucket is situated thirty miles south-east of 
the State of Massachusetts. It is some fourteen miles long, 
east and west, and an average breadth of three and a half or 
four miles, north and south. The island is treeless, and the 
soil anything but fertile. The Indian tradition of the forma- 
tion of this island is as original as it is singular. They say 
that many years before the Pilgrims landed on Plymouth Bock, 
the spirit of a great chief, in the shape of a burning ball, 
appeared to every Sachem and tribe in the land, commanding 
them to collect all the tobacco they could and bring it to Cape 
Cod, for the great Manitou (the Indian god) wished to have a 
good smoke. In due time' his huge pipe was filled and lighted, 
aud there, on the point of the Cape, gazing out over the ocean, 
sat the big chief, day after day, puffing away no doubt to his 
heart's content. The sun lost its lustre and the moon looked 
dim through the pale grey smoke, and the scent of the 
"kille-ka-nic" perfumed the land and sea for miles around. 
When the great spirit had finished his smoke, like a scientific 
smoker, as he was, he struck his pipe on the toe of his boot 
and emptied the ashes into the sea, aud lo and behold, there 
I hey are to this day, as the island of Nantucket. 
( To be continued. ) 





The wise man is happy when he gains his own approbation; 
the fool when he gains that of others. 



QUESTIOITS ^ZLnTID ^JST- 

sw:e:r,s oisr thie 

BIBLE. 



A T E C H I 3 JI 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 



Subject — Histokt of Joseph 

LESSON XXVII. 

Q.— What did Pharaoh do after he was told this ? 

A. — He sent for Joseph, aud he was brought hastily out of t he 
dungeon. 

Q. — What did Joseph do before going to Pharoah ? 

A. — He shaved himself and changed his raiment. 

Q. — What was Joseph's reply when Pharaoh asked him if he could 
interpret his dream ? 

A. — It is not in me, God shall give Phaiaoh an answer of 
peace. 

Q. — W T hat interpretation did Joseph give of Pharaoh's dream ? 

A. — That there would be seven years of plenty and seven years of 
famine. 

Q. — What advice did Joseph give to Pharaoh? 

A. — That he should "look out a man discreet and wise and set him 
over the land of Egypt." 

Q. — What was this wise and discreet man to do V 

A. — To appoint officers aud take up a fifth part of the land during 
the seven plenteouB years, and to gather up all the food of those good 
years against the time of famine. 

Q.— Whom did Pharaoh select ? 

A. — Joseph. 

Q. — In doing so what did Pharaoh say unto his servants? 

A. — "Can we find such a one as this is, a man in whom the Spirit 
of God is ?" 

q. — What did Pharaoh give to Joseph ? 

A. — He took off his ring from his hand and put it upon Joseph's 
hand, aud arrayed him in vestures of tine linen, and put a gold eh-Axi 
about his neck and made him ride in the second chariot which 
he had. 

Q._\Vhat did Pharaoh say to Joseph ? 

A. — "I am Pharaoh, and without thee shall no man lift up his 
hand or foot in all the land of Egypt." 

Q. Whom did Pharaoh give to Joseph for a wife ? 

A. Asenath, the daughter of Poti-pherah, priest of On. 

LESSON xxvm. 

n How old was Joseph when he stood before Pharaoh? 

A.— Thirty years old. 

q. How many so.is were born unto Joseph ? 

A.— Two. 

Q.— What was the name of the firstborn ? 

A. — Manasseh. 

Q.— What was the name of the second ? 

A. — Ephraim. 

q_ Did the seven years of plenty come according to Pharaoh's 

dream ? 

A. Yes; Joseph gathered corn as the sand of the sea. 

q, When the seven years of famine came, was it confined to 

Egypt ? 

A. No; it was over all the face of the earth. 

q What did Pharaoh say when the people cried unto him for 

bread ? 

A. "Go unto Joseph; what he saith to you, do." 

Q. — What did Joseph do ? 

A. He opened all the storehouses and sold corn to Hie Egyptians 

and people of all countries. 

Q. When Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt what did 

he do ? 
A. — He told his sous to go thither and buy corn, thai they might 

not die. 
Q._ n ow many of Joseph's brethren went down to Egypt? 

A . — Ten . 

q. — Who was left behind ' 
A. — Benjamin. 
Q, — Why wan he not scut ? 

A — Because Jacob was afraid lest mischief should befall him. 
(To be continued.) 





96 



J" XJ V El IN" I L IE IITSTRUCTOR. 











Ml MCH, liAVAKI v, April '2oth, 137:1. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

I wrote yon a description of one of the schools we visited in Paris. 
In Unit letter 1 promised to write you again, when I hud seen one of 
the German Kindergarten schools; and now I have taken up uiv pen 
to fullill that promise. 

Mr. Geiriscb, the gentlemanly brother of Sister Paul A. Schettler, 
who is here ou a visit to her relatives, and now with us, obtained a 
card of admission from the Department, and President Smith and 
party, yesterday, visited one of the many 1'niversities in this city. 
I in- one referred to is a normal school, expressly for educating ladies 
for teachers, with the Kindergarten school attached. We are informed 
that the city of .Munich is divided into Districts, like the Wards in 
Ball Lake City, and that each District contains one of these Kinder- 
gartens, and some of them are very larirc. I counted upwards of 
thirty in Hie one we visited— boys aud girls, from three to six years 
of age. 

They were not apprized of our visit, and when the porter opened 
the door for us to enter the children were siuging and marchiug, two 
and two, hand in hand— the matron, an amiable-looking lady, walking 
before them. As soon as we entered they halted in silence, till we 
had positions assigned; and then, the lady going m front, a little 
rosy-checked, laughing boy followed as tile leader, aud the rest, two 
and two, hand In hand, resumed their march, stepping as true to time 
as a well disciplined body of soldiers, and occasionally changin" time 
by the matron's dictation, without the least disorder. In the course 
uf the march, on intimation of the matron, they united their sweet 
infantile voices in harmonious singing, in their own language, which 
we did not understand. 

When the marching exercise ended, they all repaired to their seats, 
and each was presented with his and her labelled portfolio, which the 
matron took out from a drawer which constituted a portion of a side- 
ward, the upper part of which was of glass, exhibiting specimens of 
Hie children's work in alino6t eudless variety. The jortfolioes were 
neat and simple, made of bine pasteboard, each containing little 
specimens of Industry, the QnOnlahed piece of work, 011 winch they 
sevcially were soon busied. 

Bome were weaving paper of different colors, some perforating 
white pasteboard In rations delicate patterns, one little boy was 
intently at work, perforating a lamp shade, of which the design 
was l*\iuliful, and, so far us completed, very accurately executed. 
Bome "ere working With wool, Others with silk; and what must lie a 
ureal stimulus to these children, is, their work is not useless— they 
are all, even the least of them, working for a purpose. Whatever 
their piece of work, when it Is completed, It Is converted into some- 
thing of real value, either for use, or for ornament. The lady Inform- 
ed us that many articles, made by these tiny artists and manu- 
facturers, had been sent to Vienna for exhibition. 

Onr time was limited, and we did not hear their exercises in read- 
ing and spelling; but were shown their tiny, miniature gardenin" 
Implements, consisting of hoes, spado, shovels, rakes, wheelbarrows 

• :■■. I hi' day being Stormy, the Children were all in, but we were told 
that ill line weather they an- much out in their little garden, adjoining 
the schoolroom. 

After six years of age, these children arc removed into other and 
higher departments, an I, OS in France, the buys and girls are 
educated separately. 

We noticed a striking difference between these, and the little ones 
we saw at school in Paris, as it regards heiilthfulucss of appearance. 
These arc robust and ruddy, with none of the sallow complexion 
and delicate, thin features of the Parisians. 

These children are under Immediate tuition live hours of the day. 
three in forenoon and twoaltemoon; but they arc all day In care of 
the matron, who relieves the mother of all responsibility of charge, 
and she can go out to work during the day, If circumstances require 
her to do so, without any encumbrance or anxiety. Not only the 
poor, but many wealthy parentB avail themselves of haviug their 
little ones kiudlv eared for ami trained by these skilful matrons. 
v cheeked hoy, who led in the march we witnessed, is son of 
'.be proprietor of this great note), In which lam writ! 

i i.j/ > 1:. Snow, 



tlttttb ftarti:.).. 



THIE 



zBLiEssiirsra-s 

TO-DAY. 



OB 



Strange, we never prize the music 

Till the sweet -voiced birds are flown; 
Strange that we should slight the violets, 

Till the lovely flowers are gone; 
Strange that Summer skies and. sunshine, 

Never seem one half so far, 
As when Winter's snowy pinions, 

Shake the white down in the air. 



I.ips from which the seal of silence, 

None but God can roll away, 
Never blossomed in such beauty, 

As adorns the mouth to-day-. 
And sweet words that freight our 

With their beautiful perfume, 
Come to us in sweeter accents, 

Through the portals of the tomb. 



memory, 



Let us gather up the sunbeams, 

Lying all aronnd our path; 
Let us keep the wheat and roses, 

Casting out the thorns and chad- 
Let us find our sweetest comfort, 

In the blessings of the day, 
With a patient hand removing 

All the briers from our way. 



BABY'S RIGHTS. 



ITer platform is only the cradle— 
Her speeches are funny and few — 

A wise little head. 

But all that is said 
Is only a vague little "goo!" 

But how baby's rights are respected ! 

One nod of her dear, downy head 
Whenever she thinks she's neglected, 

And down to her feet we are led. 

She lifts up her voice in a minute — 
ller protests are loud and arc long! 

Each household affair — she is in it, 
To see there is nothing goes wrong. 

The right to twist limbs that are dimpled 
In every extravagant way; 

To maul and to tease 
The cat at her ease — 
To crow and to creep all the day. 

The right to love that is purest — 
The right to a mother's own love ! 

The right to a guide that is surest 
To lead her wee footsteps above. 

ller sweet little mouth she upraises, 
As sweet as a rose, dew impenrled ! 

The right to our kisses and praises — 
O! these are her rights all over the world. 



crxj^rEnsriLE iitstrtjctor 

Is pub'ished in .Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVERY OTHKK SATURDAY. 

CEOBCE 0- CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

T E It AI S I N A D V A N C V, 
Single Copy, per Annum |2 00. 

fW Grain brought to this City for the .Juvenile Insthuctoh will 

be received al the office of our paper— Dbbebdi Nbwb Buildings. 







