
I 



* 



WITH 







TIHIIE 







(PUBLISHED SEMI-MONTHLY,) J$* 





ustrated Magax^ e 



£\ DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUNG. 



George Q. Cannon, Editor. 





OC'.-i „ , 



CONTEN„TS: 



Vol. 10. 




The star-Fish. (Illustrated.) by Homespun. 

A. Thrilling Adventure, by John Nicholson. 

History of I lit- Church. 

Lord Nelson. 

Our Theological Clans, hy Uriel. 

Mght Scene* In a Great Clly, liy Kcnnon. 

Ttithe MuUe Superintendent* of Sunday 

Schools 
1,1ft- In foil o« Toll ami Cure, Woidl by I II. 

Wollis, Music i: F. Parry. 



Travels in liiilia. (Illustrated.) by William 

Fotheringham. 
Scientific Proofs of Spiritual I,lfe, by J.H.W. 
Topics of the Times, by The Editor. 
Chapter for the Mllle Ones. 
Interesting Incidents. 
Fnsy Science Lesson*, by Sunny. 
What Ik tilt- Gtospcll by J C. 
Ftlltoi lul Thoughts. 
Dt-slrcs. 



3P&& 






*£„ 



Published by George Q. Cannon, 

AT SALT LAKE CITY, U. T. 

Office, South Temple St., between First and Second West Sts. 






1 






JUST RECEIVED 

AT THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR OFFICE, AND 

FOR SALE CHEAPER THAN AT ANY 

OTHER PLACE IN TOWN. 

HANDSOME PICTURE BOOKS, suitable for holiday presents, at prices 

ranging from 10 cts. to $3.00. 
THE POETS, red-line edition, in elegant gilt binding. Very appropriate for 

holiday presents. 
FAMILY BIBLES, illustrated, in handsome, durable binding. 
AUTOGRAPH ALBUMS, in many different styles, from 10 cts. each upwards. 
POCKET BOOKS in almost, endless variety, from 10 cts. to $4.00 each. 
MARK TWAIN'S SCRAP BOOKS, in various sizes and styles. 
RUBBER POCKET INKSTANDS AND PENHOLDERS, the best and 

AUTOMATIC PENCILS, the handiest ever invented for carrying in the 

pocket. 
BMALL RECORDS, in leather binding, designed especially for keeping a 

daily journal in, in many styles andsizes. 
BLANK BOOKS of all kinds, from the smallest memorandum up to large, 

full-bound ledgers. 
INDELIBLE PENCILS, suitable for marking linen. 
LEAD PENCILS, from Faber's, Dixon's and other noted manufactories, from 

the cheapest to the very best. 
WRITING PAPER, in all the different sizes, and of varied quality and price. 
WRITING FLUIDS AND COPYING INKS, from Arnold's, Sanford's, 

Goddard's, etc - , in all sized bottles. 
PENS, Gillott's Esterbrook's etc., of all grades, by the box or loose. 
PAPETERIE, in many different sizes and styles. 
ENVELOPES of all sizes and styles. 
WEDDING CARDS, with envelopes to match, in many different styles. Can 

be printed on short notice if desired. 
AUTOMATIC BOOK AND SHAWL STRAPS, a vary handy invention, 35 
to 50 cts. each. 
REWARD CARDS for Sunday or day schools, from the cheapest to the most 

elaborate and handsome. 
PENCIL NOTE BOOKS, (our own make), suitable for students to write their 

exercises in, or for any person to take minutes of meetings in. Paper 

good for either pen or pencil writing. Ruled, 20 cts., plain, 15 cts. 



PARTIAL CATALOGUE 

OF 

CHURCH PUBLICATIONS 

FOR SALE AT THE 

JUVENILE »&CSTE$U)@T@ei @^[©E, 

Salt JLake City, Utah. 



BOOK OF MORMON, with references, Roan, 1.75; Calf grain gilt, 2.50; 

Morocco, extra gilt, $3.00. 
DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS, with references, Cloth, 1.00 ; Leather, 1.25, 

Calf grain, gilt, $2.50; Morocco, extra gilt, $3.00. 
8PENCER'S LETTERS, Exhibiting the most Prominent Doctrines of the 

Church, Cloth, $1.00; Roan, $1.25; Calf grain, gilt, $1.60; Morocco, gilt, $2.25. 
KEY TO THE SCIENCE OF THEOLOGY, by Parley P. Pratt, Cloth, 75cts.; 

Roan, SI. 00; Calf grain, $1.50; Morocco, gilt, $2.00. 
PEARL OF GREAT PRICE, Paper, 30 eta.; Boards, 40 cts.; Cloth, 50cts.; Cloth 

gilt, 60 cts. 
DOES THE BIBLE SANCTION POLYGAMY? discussion between Elder 

O. Pratt and Dr. J. P. Newman, to which is added three discourses on 

celestial marriage by Elders O. Pratt, George A Smith and George Q. 

Cannon, 25cts. 

A REVIEW of the Decision of the Supreme Court of the U. S. in the case ol 
Geo. Reynolds, by Geo. Q. Cannon, 25cts. 

FRUITS OF MORMONISM, by A. M. Musser; 25cts. 

THE MORMON QUESTION, correspondence between Vice President Schuy- 
ler Colfax and President John Taylor, lOcts. 

DEATH OF PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG, with sketches of his life and 
labors, lOcts. 

DOCTRINES OF THE CHURCH of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, its 
faith and teachings. A 24 page tract, by Elder John Morgan, 40cts. per 
dozen. y 

THE PLAN OF SALVATION, a tract of 24 pages, by Elder John Morgan, 
40cts. per dozen. 

FIRST BOOK FOR OUR LITTLE FRIENDS, 10 cts. 

SECOND BOOK.FOR OUR LITTLE FRIENDS, 20 cts. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, 10 cts. 

MY FIRST MISSION, a narrative of personal experience as a missionary 
upon the Sandwich Islands, containing an account of the introduction of 
the gospel to the Hawaiian people, interesting description of their cus- 
toms, etc., by Elder Georgo Q. Cannon, 25cts. 

A STRING OF PEARLS, containing the following interesting sketches 
embracing a variety of subjects, and written by a number of well-known 
authors, among whom are President John Taylor, the late Elder W. C. 
Staines, and others: Among the Poncas; Anecdote) of Elder J. M. Grant; 



War Hill; Sign Smiting; Missionary Incidents; Journey Across the stains; Story 
of a Hut; A Prophesy and its Fulfillment; Guided by Providence; Fulfitlmt.nl 
of Promise; You Strnlt not be Confounded; An Effective Plea;. A Life Sketch; 
Oases of Miraculous /fading; Answer to Prayer; Joseph Smith's First Prayer, 
25cts. 

LEAVES FROM MY JDURNAL, by President W. Woodruff, sketches 
of his wonderful missionary experience, and the most interesting inci- 
dents of his life, together with his testimony concerning the ministrations 
of the Holy Spirit, fficts. 

GEMS FOR THE YOUNG FOLKS, Sketches of personal experience 
etc., by Bishops A. A. Kimball, Benjamin Brown, Elder H. G. Boyle and 
others, embracing the following: Finding a Father; Saved by Providence; 
Warnings of the Spirit; Robert Hamilton; How Success is Gained; Help in 
Time of Need; Overcoming Diffidence; The Lord will Provide; Dialogue on 
Religion; Testimonies for the Truth, 25cts. 

JACOB HAMBLIN, a narrative of his personal experience, as a frontiersman, 
missionary to the Indians and explorer, disclosing interpositions of 
Providence, severe privations, perilous situations and remarkable escapes, 
35cts. 

FRAGMENTS OF EXPERIENCE, the Sixth book of the Faith-Promoting 
Series, a collection of sketches by a number of well-known authors, 
among whom are Presidents Anson Call, W. W. Cluff and William Budge, 
Bishop L. D. Young and others, 25cts. 

PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," a narrative of the principal incidents in the 
career of one of the most remarkable men of the age, including an 
account of the introduction of the gospel into Great Britain— an intensely 
interesting volume, 25 cts. 

EARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HISTORY, the eighth book of the "Faith- 
Promoting Series," a collection of incidents from the lives of Elders of 
the Church in early days, showing how the power of God has been dis- 
played in scores of instances in behalf of the Saints in healing the sick, 
etc. It includes the following sketches: Show us a Sign; Contest with" Evil 
Spirits; Early Experience of A. O. Smool; Scenes in the British Mission; Re- 
markable Healings; Philo Dibble's Narrative; 25 cts. 

THE LIFE OF NEPHI, The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from Jerusalem, 
in Judea, to the land which is now known as South America, aboutsix 
centuries before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. Cannon, of the 
First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. 
Ninth Book of the Faith-Promoting Series. Published and for sale 
at this Office. Price 25 cents. 

SCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth Book of the Faith-Promoting 
Series, • •ontaining some very Interesting items from the Journals of 
Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel Knight. Price per copy 25 
cents. 

INTEMPERANCE; an Appeal to the Youth of Zion, 24 pages, paper cover, 
5 cents. 

JAQUES' CATECHISM FOR CHILDREN, stiff covers, 15cts.; cloth gilt, 30cts.; 

HYMN BOOK, Sixteenth Edition, Roan, 75cts.; Calf grain, $.1.00; Calf grain, 
gilt, $1.10; Morocco, extra gilt, $1.65. 

"MORMON" DOCTRINE, Plain and Simple, or "Leaves from the Tree of Life 
an explanation of the principles of the Gospel in twelve tersely written 
chapters, followed by an original poem and an appendix giving scriptural 
references -for all the subjects treated upon in the body of the work. A 
handy volume for anyone, 25ets. 

HISTORY OF THE MORMON BATTALION, by Sergeant D. Tyler, a com- 
plete account of the experience of that renowned body of men, together 
with the causes that led to their enlistment, and various other matters of 
interest. A most important and interesting history. Cloth, $2.50; 
leather, 3.00 ; morocco, gilt, $4.25. 

BAPTISM FOR THE REMISSION OF SINS, a four-page Tract, by Elder 
C. H. Bliss, H ct - eacu - 

IS; BAPTISM ESSENTIAL TO SALVATION? a tract of 4 pages, by C. H. 
Bliss, Yz cent each. 

THE YEAR OF JUBILEE, a report of the proceedings at the Fiftieth 
Annual Confereuce of the Church 25cts. 

HISTORY OF THE ORGANIZATION OF THE SEVENTIES, by Joseph 
Young, Sen;, 25cts. 

CATECHISM CARDS— Restoration ol the Gospel; First yi«ncipies of the 
Gospel; The Book of Mormon; The Word of Wisdom; John the Baptist; 
The First Commandment; Angels; Self-Denial; Reward; Chapter on Prayer; 
Wisdom; The Knowledge of God; Love for One Another; Love of God; 
Prayer; The Third Commandment; Cards containing the Articles of Faith; 
The blessings on the Bread and Wine; and the Ten Commandments, 
Price, let. each, or $1.00 per 100. 

A VOICE FROM THE MOUNTAINS, a Testimony of the Truth of the 
Gospel as Revealed to Joseph Smith, 24 pages, paper cover, 10 cents: 

THE MODERN PROPHET, a 24-page tract, by Elder John Nicholson, 3 eta. 

POEMS, religious, historical and political, by Eliza R. Snow, Vol. 1, cloth, 
60cts.; cloth, gilt, 75cus.; morocco, gilt, $2.25; Vol. 2, cloth SI. 00: cloth, gilt, 
$1.25; calf, gilt, S2.00; morocco, gilt, $2.25. 

GLAD TIDINGS OF <;REaT JOY, an 8-page tract, 1 cent each. 

MILLENNIAL STAR, Vols. 34, 3.5, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40 and 41, $2.00 per vol. 

THE MARTYRS, by Lyman O. Littlefield, 50 cts. 

VOICE OF WARNING, by Parley P. Pratt, Cloth, 50 cts; Leatheret, 65cts.; 
Calf grain, $1.10; Morroco, extra gilt, J175. 

ITEMS ON PRIESTHOOD, by President John Taylor, lOcts. 

BOOK OF ABRAHAM, its authenticity established, by Geo. Reynolds, 25cts. 

THE UTAH PIONEERS, celebration of the entrance of the pioneers into 
Great Salt Lake Valley, etc., lOcts. 



^ 




VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, 1884. 



NO. 4. 



TRAVELS IN INDIA 




BEING informed that several rafts of teak logs, necessary 
for the completion of the vessel and for railroad ties, 
were lodged at Sumbelpore, a point between Cuttack and the 
teak forests, I immediate- 
ly sent into the villages a 
notioe intimating that so 
many men would be hired 
to proceed up the river 
after the rafts. It was 
not long before I had 
hundreds of applications. 
Out of the number I 
hired sixty coolies and 
mangees (raftsmen) to 
proceed to the place 
where the rafts were se- 
cured. In hiring the 
natives to perform a trip 
of this kind you must 
pay them in advance. I 
took the precaution, hav- 
ing had trouble with 
others, to have the bosses 
of the several squads 
enter into a written agree- 
ment for the strict per- 
formance of the labor. 
As soon as they had spent 
the most of the advanced 
money, they, in true 
Hindoo style, threatened 
to back out from the un- 
dertaking, and, at the 
same time, set forth 
a very eloquent plea: that 
they were afraid to go su 
far from home, and hav- 
ing to pass through ex- 
tensive, thorny jungles 
abounding with fierce 

tigers. In order to keep them to the contract I was obliged 
to threaten them with a visit to the resident magistrate of the 




district. After considerable noise and excitement, after their 
manner, they started. From my experience with the natives, 
I found them to be well-trained in trickery, and very uncer- 
tain. If I had to notify 
the rajah of the district, 
of their unfaithfulness to- 
wards their employer, he 
would dispatch a moonshee 
to give them a reprimand 
in the name of the rajah, 
which would have a ten- 
dency to tone them down 
for a week or two. A 
few days after the party 
left, I had my doubts 
whether they would pro- 
ceed to Sumbelpore; 
hence, I deemed it pru- 
dent to follow them, at 
least as far as Cuttack, a 
distance of ninty miles. 
I instructed the chief 
mistree (carpenter) how 
to proceed in my absence. 
Still having in my posses- 
sion the palanquin I 
broueht with me from 
Calcutta, I hired four 
palkt'e bearers to take me 
to Cuttack and back, a 
distance of one hundred 
and eighty miles, for six- 
teen rupees, not quite 
eight dollars, and they 
board themselves. This 
journey was performed 
during the south-east 
monsoons, which is the 
rainy season. The coun- 
try from the bay to Cut- 
tack is a delta formed by the Mahanuddy river and its sev- 
eral mouths. During the monsoons referred to, the flat por- 





50 



crTJ'VEjn^rii-.Ei iustbtjo.tob, 




tions of the delta are submerged by the consequent rise of the 
water in the rivers. 

The accompanying cut is a representation of a palanquin 
with the bearers, and the sahib inside. This is one of the 
modes by which the Europeans and others nlrfora extensive 
journeys in India, especially where there arero roads. In all 
the cities of Hindoostan where the writer visited, portions of 
the streets are occupied by rows of palanquins, the bearers of 
which try to out-clamor each other to obtain a customer from the 
passers-by. It is a rare occurrence to see an Anglo-Indian on 
foot, especially when he can obtain .the services of a palan- 
quin and bearers a whole day for the paltry sum of one rupee, 
which is something less than twenty-five cents. In starting 
on this journey, there being no road, I had to confide in the 
bearers to pilot the way. A part of the first day's journey 
was through paddy (rice) fields which were all under water 
^ and consequently we made slow progress. We crossed the 
Brahmanee river, one of the mouths of the Mahan- 
uddy. We ofttimes encountered uneven ground, and being 
submerged, could not tell what was a rod ahead of us. 
The palanquin would drag in the water, and I momentarily 
expected they would drop into some concealed gully out of 
their depths. In such a juncture I felt unsafe inside the 
palanquin. I suggested to the bearers to place the bottom 
instead of the handles of the palanquin on their shoulders while 
I would take my place on the top. In getting into deep water 
they could swim and manage the palkie, while I was in a situa- 
tion also to swim if obliged to. The bearers, when in deep 
water, managed themselves and the palkie admirably. The 
natives are expert swimmers, being at home in the water. 
The only dread they have is of the crocodiles. 

In the night of the first day's journey we arrived at a point 
called Kumpenakah, where there was an old, dilapidated and 
abandoned bungalow. The bearers being tired, we here took 
up our quarters for the night. All the refreshments the 
bearers had to partake of, after an arduous day's labor, was 
choura, or parched rice, and a smoke from the hookah, a rude 
pipe manufactured from the shell of a cocoanut which is so 
arranged that the smoke passes through water that is placed 
in the bowl of the hookah. 

The second day's journey was as toilsome as the first. Much 
water on the way and patches of thorny jungle which retarded 
and annoyed the bearers on account of the huge thorns run- 
ning into their feet, as they never use shoes. In fact, the 
entire wardrobe of a palkie bearer consists of a dottey,- a long 
piece of cloth that is put around their loins. This part of 
the country is studded with small villages, the houses of which 
are composed of mud and bamboo, and thatched with rice- 
straw. They are complete in filthiness; the streets and alleys 
have breadth enough to admit of the passage of two palan- 
quins. I noticed in front of almost every hut a small pyra- 
mid of mud, on the top of which was a flower-pot containing 
the toolsey plant, which is highly venerated by the Hindoos. 
Another odd thing to be seen is children a few days old 
smeared with cocoanut oil, and in a nude state, laid out on 
mats in the sun. On making inquiry of their object in doing 
this to their children, I was informed it was to make them 
proof against mosquitos' stings. As we receded from the 
bay the country became more elevated, and the water confined 
more to its legitimate channels. At sundown we came to two 
banyan trees on the banks of the Nuddea, where we concluded 
to camp for the night,' as a short distance ahead of us lay an 
extensive jungle infested with tigers and other beasts of prey. 
Neither myself nor bearers had any desire to be in the jungle 



in the night, as a few individuals had lately been devoured 
by tigers in that place. 

(To be Continued.) 



SCIENTIFIC PROOFS OF SPIR- 
ITUAL LIFE. 



BY J. H. W. 



THE inspired records uniformly teach that man has a spir- 
itual nature distinct from the body, the union of which 
with the body produces that which for want of a better term 
we call our present life. The union of some of these celestial 
spirits with bodies of earthly matter forms the visible world 
of mankind. They teach us also that the existence and con- 
scious faculties of the soul continue after the death of the 
body. Death is referred to in the scriptures as giving up the 
ghost, or spirit ; and very many passages refer to the condi- 
tion of disembodied spirits after death. In the account of 
the creation of Adam, we read that, "The Lord God formed 
man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils 
the breath of life; and man became a living soul," thus mak- 
ing an evident distinction between the body and the soul. In 
various parts of the Old Testament we find references to dis- 
embodied spirits, and various enactments in the Mosaic law 
against consulting them by means of divination and necro- 
mancy. 

The Sadducees denied the separate existence of spirits; but 
in our Savior's famous argument with them He showed 
that the Old Testament clearly taught this doctrine when it 
represented God as saying, "I am the God of Abraham, and 
of Isaac, and of Jacob," adding, "for He is not the God of 
the dead but of the living" [Mark xii, 27). Thereby teach- 
ing that these persons, although their bodies had been long 
dead, were still living. So likewise, St. Paul speaks of being 
absent from the body, yet present with the Lord ; and St. 
John declares that he saw the souls of those who had been 
slain for their testimony of Jesus (Rev. vi, 9). 

In examining the scientific evidence of these scriptural 
views concerning a spiritual existence, it will be necessary to 
inquire into the origin of life as exhibited in physiology. This 
is confessedly a difficult question, yet one of great importance, 
since driven from the sciences of astronomy and geology, infi- 
delity has sought to entrench itself in natural history, as in a 
citadel. Yet even here the ground crumbles beneath its feet ; 
and the time is not far distant, when a man having a scientific 
education will be ashamed to avow himself an infidel. 

We have seen that astronomy and geology bear testimony 
to the truths revealed in the scriptures ; so likewise does the 
science which treats of the functions of living beings. 

Napoleon is said to have remarked to Dr. Antomarchi at 
St. Helena, "You physicians are unbelievers, because you 
cannot find the soul with your dissecting knife." However 
applicable this might have been to physicians of that day, it 
would fail of application now, since by means of the micro- 
scope man has been able to penetrate still more deeply into 
the recesses of nature's mysteries. With this instrument, 
science has been able to detect the beginnings of living struc- 
ture, and to trace the fundamental laws of the process of 
development. 



m 




Chemistry, also has done its part in investigating this phe- 
nomena. From these sources we learn the mutual relation as 
well as individuality of all organic things. From the inorganic 
world, directly or indirectly the bodies of all'.living things 
originate, and to it naturally they all return. By some power, 
unseen to mortal eyes, matter is arranged in new forms ; and 
these forms, after using the matter thus arranged, restore it 
again to the physical world. In this manner is kept up the 
wonderful circle of organic life. Scientists though skeptically 
inclined, agree that there must have first existed an 
animated germ, the product of a previously-existing organ- 
ism, which draws in and appropriates the inorganic elements, 
combines these elements into organic, builds up an organized 
fabric, and discards finally the atoms and implements which it 
can no longer use. 

To illustrate this subject, and at the same time to show the 
superiority and independence of the "vital principle," as it is 
called, or organizing spirit, to the cruder matter it uses, let us 
consider the history of a single microscopic atom, as it is used 
in the service of life. By some means — understood only by 
the Creator — it has become mysteriously endowed with life. 
Let us suppose its first connection with vitality to be in the 
simplest form of animated matter — that of the protoplasm. 
We find, on examination, that this protoplasm possesses what 
scientists call the "essential conditions of life," namely sensi- 
bility, contractibility and assimilation. We find that this atom 
of living jelly — for such it really is — is endowed with the 
power of selecting nutriment, from the inorganic matter around 
it for the support of its own existence. After a time it forms 
itself into a simple cell, a bladder-like form inclosing a fluid 
substance, and containing a few moving granules. After a 
time, this cell multiplies itself, that is, gives birth to a num- 
ber of cells like itself. These are inclosed in the original shell, 
which at last bursts and sets them free. All scientists agree 
that "protoplasm is the physical basis of life." Now whence 
comes this wonderful principle which endows the protoplasm 
with the "essential conditions of life," and presses into its 
service the atoms and the laws of the material universe ? Its 
effects are too palpable to allow a denial of its existence, while 
its power over earthly matter proves that it is distinct from it. 
Although too subtle to be analyzed by the philosopher, its 
existence is suggestive of the highest truths. It speaks to us 
of a spiritual world — a world to which the visible world is sub- 
servient, and which is itself unaffected by the many changes 
which take place around us. 

Among the many theories which infidels have profounded, 
one of the most common is that which declares that life is the 
result of organization. This argument, like many others, is 
only an old one with a modern dress. We find in Plato's 
"Ph;edo," that when 8immias argued against the immortality 
of the soul, the wise and good Socrates opposed him, proving 
that the soul existed before the body, as shown by the fact of 
pre-existent ideas. For example, the idea of goodness must 
necessarily exist, before wc are able to form an opinion con- 
cerning goodness. Infidels tell us that the idea of virtue is 
merely the harmony of the soul ; but if the soul itself is only 
the "harmonious result of organization," then virtue is simply 
the harmony of a harmony, which is absurd. Socrates further 
showed that parts of the soul may bo opposed to each other, 
as desire and reason, for example; and this fact overthrows the 
idea of harmony. Thus even a pagan philosopher could deal 
fatal blows against the positivism of his age as well as against 
the pretended wisdom of the ninteenth century. 



Some tell us that, "no idea or feeling can arise, save as the 
result of some physical force expended in producing it." That 
because light, heat, electricity and motion are closely related, 
therefore they .are the cause of life. As well might we say 
that the art arid skill observed in a beautiful building were 
the offspring of the house itself, or that the architect was the 
result of a beautiful suite of rooms. In other words, the 
relation of cause and effect are completely reversed. 

Yet we are told that heat, motion, electricity and chemical 
affinity are the causes of, mental and moral action. This prin- 
ciple is even applied to the progress of civilization, and the 
statistics of crime, and Mr. Herbert Spencer has made it the 
foundation of his new system of philosophy. Stripped of its 
parade and tinsel, however, this theory is nothing but the old 
pantheism revived. It is the desperate effort of infidelity to 
press into its service the researches of modern physiology and 
anatomy, as has formerly been tried with astronomy and geol- 
ogy ; but each of these sciences refuses an alliance with skep- 
ticism and incontrovertibly points to a Creator and a spiritual 
world. 

Let the honest skeptic inquire, ' "How do these theories 
explain the cause of life ? Do they show us a single reason 
why some parts of matter become organized and others do 
not? Do they make plain why one cell develops a vegetable 
and another an animal, no perceptible difference existing 
between them and the circumstances of each being the same 
except originating from different parentage? Can these philo- 
sophers tell us what they mean by physical force? Is it 
matter ; or is it a creative power, or energy added to mat- 
ter?" 

An answer to these questions would cut the Gordian knot. 
While science stands on the very confines of a spiritual world, 
and points across the boundary, why should we fear to look in 
that direction, or spurn the guidance of that faith which 
would lead us to higher truths. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



BILL REPORTED BY SENATOR HOAR— EXTRAORDINARY PRO- 
POSITIONS—SHALL CONGRESS NOMINATE OUR PRESIDING 
BISHOP? 



THE latest proposition for legislation which has reached 
the Territory from Washington is a bill reported by Sen- 
ator Hoar from the committee on judiciary. As the report 
comes to us by telegraph it is a most extraordinary bill. It 
seems that men, naturally of good sense, lose their wits when 
they try to deal with "Mormouism." Senator Hoar and the 
other members of the judiciary committee of the Senate are 
men of good sense on ordinary topics. Senator Logan, one 
of the committee, has always been noted for his hatred of the 
people of Utah. He never missed an opportunity to give 
them a blow, and is not overburdened with what we in this 
country call wisdom upon any topic. But even ho ought to 
know better than to vote for such a bill as this reported by 
Mr. Hoar. What nonsense I — to call it by no worse name — to 
propose fourteen trustees to take charge of our Church pro- 
perty. The suggestion is villainous. Then again the proposal 
to take possession of the Perpetual Emigrating Fund and 
spend that regardless of the wishes of those who have formed 



:S 




52 



CTTJ^ElNriLE HTSTBTJCTOB, 





it. When I read the report of this bill I was reminded of 
my friend Colonel Donn Piatt's expression made some years 
ago in the columns of the Capital respecting some of these 
same persons: "0 Lord, let us arise and rob somebody." 

Congress proposes to take charge of our Church property, 
and to spend for us our fund for emigrating the poor. What 
proposition shall we have next? It might, perhaps, be worth 
while to suggest to the committee on judiciary in the Senate 
that inasmuch as Bishop Hunter is dead, the Presiding Bishop 
of the Church, and it is the first vacancy there has been in 
the office for 32 or 33 years, they might take into consi- 
deration the propriety of nominating for us his successor. 
The office of Presiding Bishop is a very important one. He 
has charge of all the tithings, associated with the Trustee-in- 
Trust, and there is no more impropriety in claiming the right 
to nominate a person to fill that office than the other claims 
set forth in this bill. Perhaps, as there is a vacancy in the 
quorum of the Twelve, the same committee can furnish a 
nomination for that also. Such a nomination would show no 
more cool impudence and wicked presumption than the mea- 
sures suggested in the bill referred to, if its features are cor- 
rectly reported. 

Seriously, however, this step on the part of Congress, 
through its Senate committee on judiciary, gives us a clear idea 
of the manner in which the work of God is viewed by leading 
men of the nation. Men would not frame such measures 
against their fellows as this bill reported by Senator Hoar if 
they did not fear them. The treatment of the people of Utah 
by men in power for the last few years has exhibited fear of 
us, and they seem to be conscious of the fact that we possess 
a strength and union that are to be dreaded. Numerically 
insignificant, they elevate us out of obscurity and act to us as 
though we were their equals in power. It is a most extra- 
ordinary spectacle for the President of the great nation of 
upwards of fifty millions of people to occupy the space which 
Mr. Arthur does in his message concerning a people in num- 
ber probably not more than 150,000 or 200,000. And not only 
this, but to have both branches of Congress giving themselves 
so much concern over the same community. It is an exhibi- 
tion of jealousy and fear such as the history of the world does 
not furnish. People are not jealous of their inferiors. Men 
and women do not indulge in feelings of alarm concerning the 
progress of persons of whose inferiority they have no doubt. 
A feeling of jealousy clothes the person against whom it is 
entertained with qualities at least equal if not superior to those 
possessed by the person who shows jealousy ; and as it is with 
individuals so it is with communities and nations. 

It is one of the highest compliments that can be paid to us, 
to our strength, power and greatness, the course that has been 
taken by the present President and several of his predecessors, 
and by the present Congress and its predecessors, in relation to 
Utah. By this conduct, strange to say, they themselves are 
fulfilling the predictions of the Prophet Joseph, and confirm- 
ing the authenticity of his predictions. He declared upwards 
of forty years ago that the nation would take the course it 
now is taking against the Church of Christ. Unwittingly, the 
members of the Senate and the House, who are urging hostile 
action against Utah, are making him a true prophet. Will they 
stop until they have tried every possible plan to check our growth 
and to destroy us? Not at all likely. The Edmunds law having 
failed in accomplishing the end for which it was designed, 
other measures equally unconstitutional will be resorted to ; 
but, like the Edmunds law has been thus far, they will fail in 
injuring or retarding the work of God. It is this capacity on 



the part of the work of God to withstand the worst and most 
bitter attacks that will cause men to fear it. After trying 
measure after measure in the hope of destroying it, and fail- 
ing utterly to do so, they will be seized with terror, and ask 
themselves the question : "What can we do to destroy this 
system ?" Already, men seeing how futile all their measures have 
been, advocate the use of the sword and weapons of war. 
They want armies to be used to put down and destroy this 
work. And the day will come when this proposition will be 
met with the reply that the Lord has given us in the revela- 
tions: "Let us not got up to battle against Zion, for the 
inhabitants of Zion are terrible; wherefore we cannot 
stand." 



EVENINGS AT HOME. 



FOURTH EVENING. 



Second boy. "Mother, what did Adam do with 
Cain after he had killed his brother, Abel?" 

Mother. "We are not told that Adam did any- 
thing about it. But we read that the Lord cursed 
Cain and set a mark upon him so that he might 
be known by all who met him. Then Cain went 
out from among his friends and dwelt in a place 
called Nod, which was east of Eden." 

Second boy. "And Adam and Eve had no one 
left to live with them when Abel was dead and 
Cain had run away, had they?" 

M. "Yes, the Lord gave them other children, 
sons and daughters. They named one of their 
sons Seth, and he was good; and when he was 
grown to be a man he had a wife, and the Lord 
gave them sons and daughters. And their chil- 
dren grew to be men and women, and they 
married also, and the Lord gave them children. 
And so the people went on increasing in numbers, 
and after a while a man lived whose name was 
Enoch. And he was such a good man that he 
walked with God. And the Lord took Enoch from 
the earth. But Enoch also had sons and daugh- 
ters given to him; and among his great grandsons 
was a man named Noah. Do you remember what 

Brother T told us about Noah in Sunday 

school?" 

First boy. "I do. Noah built an ark so that he 
and his folks would not be drowned." 

M. "Who told him to build the ark, and taught 
him how it must be done?" 





a"TJ"7"E]IsriX J E IiTSTBTJOTOB. 




53 



First boy. "The Lord did, because He was going 
to send a great flood to drown all the wicked peo- 
ple." 

Second boy. "What is an ark?" 

First boy. "It's like a big house, or else like a 
ship, isn't it, mother?" 

M. "I think the ark that Noah built must have 
been much like a large house. It was made very 
tight that the water might not go into it; it was of 
wood so that it would float and not sink; and it 
was covered inside and outside with pitch — a kind 
of gum. Do you know what is meant by a great 
flood?" 

First boy. "It means a lot of water that runs all 
over the ground and drowns folks and cattle. 
There is some one knocking at the hall door, 
mother." 

M. "Go and open it, my son; and if we have 
visitors, you, my dears, must be very quiet, . and 
listen to what older folks have to say; and we will 
talk again some other time." 

Lula. 



WEEDS AND FLOWERS. 



Jealousy and envy are things 'gainst which to 
strive; 
They're like the hateful little weeds that any- 
where will thrive. 
Yes, anywhere and everywhere they're ready to 
encroach, 
Unless with strong, determined will we cut off 
their approach. 

So rapidly will either spread, from e'en the tiniest 
shoot, 
They're dreadful things to master when once 
they've taken root; 
So cut them down and dig them out, these hateful, 
noxious weeds, 
And in so doing, leave no shreds nor scatter any 
seeds. 

Love, virtue, charity and truth are like the sweet- 
est flowers, 
That only bloom 'mid sunshine's smiles and 
dewdrops' gentlest showers; 
These precious, priceless plants we all should cul- 
tivate with care, 
And leave no place for poisonous weeds to spring 
up anywhere. 



The more bright, cheerful flowers we plant, and 
thrust away the weeds, 
The more room in our hearts we'll find for gen- 
erous thoughts and deeds; 
The more we love and cherish truth, the stronger 
we shall be, 
To overcome the tempter's wiles and stand from 
errors free. 



INTERESTING INCIDENTS. 



FROM THE JOURNALS OP MISSIONARIES. 



BROTHER ISHMAEL PHILLIPS, now Bishop of the 
Union Ward, remembers the following incident of his 
early experience in this Church: 

A learned and popular man residing in the city of Birming- 
ham, England, became enraged at the success of the "Mor- 
mon" Elders in preaching the gospel in that neighborhood. 
He was so much concerned about it that he resigned a position 
for which he was receiving a salary of about two thousand 
pounds per year, and commenced a crusade upon the Saints. 
His means, which were not inconsiderable, were also employed 
in the accomplishment of this unrighteous purpose. 

The efforts of so influential a man naturally worked more 
or less injury to the branch, and for a time the prospects of 
the Birmingham Saints were quite gloomy; there was a greater 
power, however, than that of man, whatever his influence, 
and however humble the Saints might feel, overruling these 
matters, and this man was made to realize this. His friends 
forsook him, his property passed from his hands, and in the 
short space of two years he was left "penniless. His public 
statement at the end of that time was, in substance: 

"I have fought the Mormons for two years and have suc- 
ceeded in driving them from the city [which, however, was 
untrue], but I am thereby left without the necessary means 
to purchase the food for which I hunger." 

Another evidence of man's folly in fighting God. 



President William Budge of the Bear Lake Stake of 
Zion speaks thus of his mission to Switzerland in 1854: 

"I labored there with Elder Myer, now living, I think, in 
Payson, Utah. The work under bis direction prospered 
exceedingly. The priests raged and the police, after giving 
him much trouble, finally banished him from Switzerland. I 
was, after several examinations, also ordered out of the 
country, but was subsequently taken and imprisoned for sev- 
eral days. Our "mutual friend," Elder C. R. Savage, of 
Salt Lake City, who was then President of the Lausanne Con- 
ference, but, at the time, visiting me at Zurich, was taken 
prisoner with me and we were both lodged, but in different 
places, at the public expense. I will not say much about the 
boarding, as it was but a very slight matter and not over 
costly to the State. The first day I was placed in a cell so 
dark that it required some time to be able to discern anything, 
and when able to see, I discovered the place was so foul that, 
in disgust, I shut my eyes that I might exclude from vision 
what 1 had tried to observe. The cell was very small and 
nearly square, a little light coming in at the top of the wall 






54: 



JTJYE1TILE I1TSTB1JOTOB. 




at one end. On one side was a narrow bench with a rug upon 
it so dirty one could not tell of what color it had been. The 
floor was begrimed, and rude marks and figures drawn upon 
the walls with filth, and the stench was almost insupportable. 
From seven o'clock in the morning until seven at night I 
remained upon my feet in that place without food or drink. 

"When examined before the police, there was no charge 
against u£ only that we were 'Mormons,' and they were deter- 
mined to put a stop to our preaching. Late at night I was 
taken to another building in the upper part of the town, where 
1 had more comfortable quarters for the next few days. It 
was here I first liked "sour krout." I had hitherto thought 
it really sour and unpalatable; but on this occasion I found it 
most agreeable, although I am under the impression it was 
not of the best quality. I had here four companions, who, 
although strangers, were very kind and performed for me such 
domestic duties as, under such circumstances, devolve upon 
prisoners. We were all young, with active appetites, but we 
were kept in a state of semi-starvation. A new arrival was 
an event, and my fellow-prisoners wanted to know what I was 
"in for," and were surprised when I told them it was for 
preaching. They then wanted to know my faith, and I 
preached to them the things of the kingdom. 

"Arrested without any process of law, and liberated without 
any attempt at explanation, bodily suffering was not all that 
was endured, for with it, under these circumstances, was the 
uncertainty attending the proceedings of tyrannical and irre- 
sponsible police officials." 



EASY SCIENCE LESSONS. 



BY SUNNY. 




LESSON I. 

SCIENCE is a knowledge of the laws governing the uni- 
verse. Laws are necessary relations between causes and 
effects. As a foundation upon which to build, it is assumed 
that like causes produce like effects. 

We may look around us, to the right, to the left, to the 
r orth, south, east or west, or, in fact, in any direction and there 
is always something to greet the eye — things to become 
acquainted with through the medium of the senses ; we either 
hear, feel, taste, smell or see something continually when these 
senses are awake. Then we must agree that something exists 
everywhere. There is no such thing as a perfect vacuum or 
absolute nothing. Direct the eye heavenward, and what is to 
be seen? Millions of tons of atmosphere designated "airy 
nothing!" and through and beyond that what appears, but 
he ivenly bodies innumerable, filling up with their atmos- 
pheres and other fluids the immensity of space! 

Do we ever think much of these things, of their nature and 
relation to each other, or of any scheme of classification? 
Perhaps a little more thought and reflection upon the subject 
would be of no small value to any one of us. 

The term universe has been made use of; now what is meant 
by the universe is all created matter. Were it desirable 
(and it is) to make any classification of the universe, two very 
natural divisions aid greatly the purpose, viz., mind and 
matter. The former thinks, wills, etc., and is composed of 
very fine matter, in fact, so fine as not to be perceived by any 
of our senses, and is considered by many as immaterial, hence 
its separation from matter. But we understand by revelation 
that the soul is not immaterial, but is of a very high and 



sensitive organization, so pure and refined as to be impercep- 
tible to natural bluntness. The study of the mind is termed 
metaphysics, which doubtless would prove too abstract to us 
now, so it may be laid aside for the present. 

The first, then, to command attention is matter, defined as all 
that portion of the universe with which we become cognizant 
through the channels of our five (or six) senses, the science of 
which is termed natural philosophy. Again, what we have 
called matter is of two kinds, organized and unorganized, thus 
admitting a convenient division of the science. Matter which 
is arranged in organs so adapted as to support life is organized; 
in every other condition it is unorganized. An animal has 
organs — mouth, eyes, nose, stomach, etc., organs for the 
support of life ; so has a fish, a reptile or an insect. Like- 
wise vegetables have organs by means of which they live and 
grow. For example, a tree has a mouth at the end of each 
rootlet, through which the tree receives its nourishment 
from the soil; it also has a circulating system, through which 
flows the sap; and a breathing apparatus, etc. The same may 
be said of any animal or vegetable, hence all animals and 
vegetables are organized. While on the contrary, metals, 
minerals, liquids, gases, etc., possess no such organs, therefore 
they are unorganized matter. 

The science of organized matter is known as physiology : it 
treats of the laws governing matter under the modifying 
influence of vitality, or life. In explaining organic matter a 
division of organized bodies was foreshadowed : that of ani- 
mals and vegetables. The science of the one is termed ani- 
mal physiology, or zoology ; that of the other, vegetable physi- 
ology, or botany. 

However, it is not proposed to dilate upon organized matter 
at all, but the divisions are given so that we may understand 
them when they are referred to; it is of the unorganized that 
we shall have something to say. 

Similarly to the organic is the inorganic matter divided : 
Astronomy, or that science which treats of the heavenly bodies 
and the earth as a whole : the other division treats of bodies 
on the earth and is known as terrestrial physics, which again 
is divided into physic proper and chemistry. The former treats 
of the general properties of bodies and the causes which 
modify them : the latter treats of the special properties of 
substances and elements, and those laws by which they are 
governed in manufacturing or forming new substances and 
their decomposition. 

This very imperfect classification of science will scarcely bear 
inspection, but, it is to be hoped, will prove of some little 
benefit to the readers. I hope none are discouraged with the 
dry introduction just given, and that all will enjoy our next 
lesson. 



WHAT IS THE GOSPELP 



BY J. C. 



THE subject chosen for this article is so wide and compre- 
hensive in its nature, that we do not pretend to be cap- 
able of treating it to the extent which its importance deserves; 
for, as the scriptures truly say: "It never entered into the 
heart of man to conceive the good things that are in store for 
the faithful." But so far as our minds are susceptible of per- 
ceiving its sublimity and glory ; we, like the ancients, can have 
a foretaste of the happiness and blessings that are promised 
to us if we remain faithful to the end. 



tH 



I 




It is obvious, however, that in this system there exist all the 
orders of wisdom and intelligence that our beings can ever be 
prepared to enjoy, and it is manifest to the enlightened student- 
of human nature, that nothing short of these provisions could 
fully meet the varied wants and requirements of our insatiable, 
illimitable, progressive organizations. 

Considering the inherent attributes and aspirations which 
we possess, and in view of the boundless capacities we have 
for the acquisition of truth and intelligence, we naturally con- 
clude that there can be no satisfactory stopping-point to the 
ever-restless, ever-active spirit of man. We are constrained 
to reason that some great system of truth should exist capable 
of giving full scope to all our natural endowments, so that the 
means and the ends of our existence may be equal, and in 
perfect conformity with each other. 

We find that the higher we climb the ladder of progress, 
the farther we want to go, and that every new acquisition of 
learning only serves to quicken and whet our desires for greater 
achievements. We also realize the need of some directing 
power to keep us properly balanced in our search after truth, 
and we know that without this power or influence, we could 
not properly proceed. Men are like clocks — they need adjust- 
ing and regulating every once in awhile, to make them keep 
steady time. Without this, they are apt to run a little too 
fast, or a little too slow. Or they are sometimes like 
the chicken, that overlooks the grain placed before it, and darts 
off, in hot pursuit, after the mouse which it cannot swallow. 

In our search for knowledge we ought to avoid extremes. 
Undue excitement is bad in its effects, and seldom lasts long. 
We are sometimes very anxious to receive some great prin- 
ciples, and to think that we have outlived or passed beyond 
the first principles of our education; but after due reflection 
we get to learn, sometimes sadly, that this is impossible, and 
we conclude, that however far we may advance, we cannot 
leave the rudiments of learning behind. To instance this : 
What could we do without the exercise of faith, which is the 
first principle of the gospel? 

When we get smart enough to build a house without a foun- 
dation, we may begin to think of rising in the scale of intel- 
ligence, without fundamental laws. 

In order that our minds may have the proper focus, and our 
hearts may have the right tension in the school of the gospel, 
it is imperatively necessary that we have the Holy Spirit to 
be our constant guide and instructor. With this influence to 
lead us, we will not run to extremes, but will follow the even 
tenor of our way, steadily, promptly and peacefully. We 
might as well think that our bodies can be sustained without 
food, us to think that we can be spiritually vigorous and healthy 
without this influence to guide us. The word of God informs 
us that it is this Spirit that takes of the things of the Father, 
and shows them unto us; and we know, that when the gospel 
is received, and practiced in this spirit, "It is the power of 
God unto salvation." 

The gospel was revealed to lead us along step by step, so 
that we might understand the object of our creation and our 
mission here ; and it will lead us along, just as fast as we are 
fit to receive its teachings, uutil our hearts and souls are filled 
with good things. But we must be consistent in our expecta- 
tions, and be patient of results. We must not expect to 
"reap where we have not sown," nor to "dig where we have 
not planted." 

All truths that exist, whether they be religious, moral, 
political or scientific, are comprehended in the gospol, and it 
will bring them all into timely effect for our good, so that wo 



can be fitted and prepared for the very highest possible state 
of honor and excellence. But we must be diligent scholars, 
and not consider ourselves too smart to be taught. 

We must be as willing to receive rebuke, when it is 
deserved, as we would be to accept honors when they are merited. 

There is very much contained in the various books of inspir- 
ation to strengthen and encourage us in the things of God. 
In fact the whole history of man, as well as the numberless 
evidences of nature, that daily surround us, go to prove that 
all things are under some great immutable, eternal laws of 
development and progress, and subserving some purpose that 
has a loftier aim. When we look around us and see the glori- 
ous, stupendous creations of our Maker we reverentially say 
that God is there. 

We see His holy name written in letters of living light in 
the heavens above, and in the earth beneath; mountain, hill 
and vale, ocean, sea and river, with all that they contain, 
•declare His wondrous love and glory. 

We then reason and reflect that all this display of power 
must be the natural outgrowth, or result of superior knowl- 
edge and wisdom, that can only be gained through obedience 
to some higher laws. 

We next consider the gospel, with its principles of gradual 
development, and we can see, that if we remain faithful to its 
mandates, it will bring us up through the various grades of 
intelligence, until a knowledge of these higher laws will at 
some time come within the range of our capacities. We thus, 
through the grace of God and the knowledge of the gospel, 
are able to see the magnitude of the work that lies before us, 
and the vast importance of being subject to the mind and will 
of heaven. 

Would that we were more diligent in learning the things of 
life. Would that we might retain enough of our native child- 
like, innocent simplicity, so that our Heavenly Father could 
operate more fully upon our minds and hearts, and reveal to 
us more of Elis hidden mysteries. But it is not the fault of 
our Father that we do not increase in the knowledge of the 
truth faster. He offers us every inducement to go on in the 
true science of life, which is the gospel. 

Before the introduction of the truth in the last days, dark- 
ness had clouded the human mind for ages. Satan had sown 
broadcast the seeds of sin and death. The world had been 
taught lies, and things wherein there was no profit. The 
gospel has had to combat error, and break down the barriers of 
ignorance and superstition, and bring man again into fellow- 
ship with his Maker. But, thank God, this is being accom- 
plished and the world of mankind need no longer grope in the 
midst of spiritual darkness, which is death. We praise His 
holy name that we are the favored recipients of the greatest 
of all gospel dispensations — even the dispensation of the full- 
ness of times. This gospel, committed to us, will gather into 
one grand compact all the interests of the past, present and 
future posterity, and bring about the grand consummation 
spoken of by ancient and modern prophets. And well may 
the Latter-day Saints rejoice to know that this glorious work 
is assigned to them. Well may they feel it a privilege to be 
permitted to live and labor in this cause, having power to hold 
the keys of death and the resurrection, which will enable them 
to redeem and bring forth all their ancestors who died without 
the chance of obeying the truth, and which will complete the 
great chain of patriarchal order, and place all the faithful in 
their natural and proper positions. 

Truly the gospel is "The power of God unto salvation to all 
who believe and practice the same." 





56 



CT "U" "VIE IN" I LE TITSTBTJOTOB. 




GEORGE! (J.. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





OR good reasons the authorities of the 
Church have decided to use their influence 
against what is called "round dancing." 
They consider it immodest and unsuited 
for the Latter-day Saints, and likely to 
lead to immorality. Their objections are 
founded on good grounds, and some 
thinking people, not of our Church, hold 
the same views, and use their influence 
against it. But there are a great many young 
people who do not see the propriety of these 
objections; they see no harm in round dancing, 
and in some instances they almost feel offended 
because they are not permitted to indulge in this 
form of amusement. We sincerely hope that in all 
the dances in which the members of the Church take 
part this objectionable form of dancing will be dis- 
pensed with, because we believe that it will lead to 
evil, and have a tendency to destroy the delicate modesty 
that is one of the chief charms of girlhood and womanhood. 
A young lady in talking with the Editor upon the subject, 
appeared to think it very strange that these dances should 
not be permitted. 
We asked her if the square dances were not enjoyable. 
"Yes," she said, "they are; but what harm can there be 
in innocent persons indulging in round dancing?" 

We replied, "Even if there is no harm in them, mem- 
bers of the Church ought to refrain from them when they are 
counseled to that effect by the President of the Church. 
When Adam and Eve were placed in the Garden of Eden they 
were permitted to eat of the fruit of all the trees that were in 
the garden except of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. 
They were forbidden to partake of that. They were perfectly 
happy. There was no apparent necessity for them to partake 
of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil; yet the 
devil was not content till he succeeded in inducing Eve to 
taste of that fruit, of which she ate and gave to her husband. 
Now, it should be the aim of all persons to be obedi- 
ent, and to enjoy happiness in obedience. Round dancing is 
not absolutely necessary to enjoyment. The people have 
enjoyed themselves in the other forms of dancing for years and 
they still can be enjoyed." 

"But," one may say, "round dancing is the national dance 
in some countries, and this being the case there certainly can 
be no harm in indulging in it." 

This may be true; but because dances are national it does 
not follow that they are suited for our society. There is a 
dance indulged in on the Sandwich Islands that is very fasci- 
nating and very much liked by those who practice it; but still 
it leads to evil. It is immodest and corrupting. There is in 
India a form of dancing indulged in by Nautch girls which is 
very exhilarating, and perhaps much admired by some persons; 
but it is of a debasing character and stirs up the worst passions. 



So with the "can-can," a form of dancing much in vogue in 
Paris, and lately imported into some of our large cities. The 
question arises, if we are going to copy forms of dancing from 
other people, where shall we stop? If our young people are 
determined to have the enjoyment of the dance regardless of 
its effects upon their modesty and morals, we may after awhile 
have the hula hula of the Sandwich Islands, or the cancan of 
the French. There must be a stopping place if virtue is to be 
preserved, and far better to stop a little on this side of the 
line of propriety than to go so near as to be in danger of over- 
stepping it. If round dancing ceases to be indulged in as an 
amusement, it will not be long until the taste for it will die out 
for want of practice. Square dances have furnishe 1 amuse- 
ment, and to those who like the pastime they will still furnish 
amusement. 

We hope the juveniles will l : sten to the counsels of their 
older and more experienced friends upon the subject. The 
father.-, of our community know better than the children what 
is for their good. They think they see evil in this form of 
dancing, and it is due to them that their words of counsel and 
suggestion should be heeded. 

It is the wrong way to judge of a subject like this by the 
effect it may have upon us at the time we indulge in it. Tea 
and coffee can be made very palatable an \ pleasant to the taste, 
and if we did not know the effects of drinking them, we might 
think there would be no harm in them. But the Lord has 
told us that hot drinks are hurtful; so with intoxicating drinks, 
they may be pleasant to the taste of some persons, and may 
produce exhilarating effects during the time they are used, but 
we all know what the results are. They bring ruin, and a 
dreadful train of evils accompany their use. 



DESI RES. 



WHATEVER any man ardently desires, he very readily 
believes that he shall some time attain. He whose 
intemperance has overwhelmed him with diseases, while he 
languishes in the Spring, expects vigor and recovery from 
the Summer sun; and while he melts away in the Summer, 
transfers his hopes to the frosts of Winter. He that gazes 
upon elegance or pleasure, which want of money hinders him 
from imitating or partaking, comforts himself that the time 
of distress will soon be at an end; and that every day brings 
him nearer to a state of happiness; though he knows it has 
passed, not only without acquisition of advantage, but, per- 
haps, without endeavors after it, in the formation of schemes 
which cannot be executed, and in the contemplation of pros- 
pects which cannot be approached. Such is the general 
dream in which we all slumber out our time: every man thinks 
the day coming in which he shall be gratified in all his wishes, 
in which he shall leave all his competitors behind, who are 
now rejoicing like himself in the expectation of victory; the 
day is always coming to the servile in which they shall be 
powerful ; to the obscure, in which they shall be eminent ; 
and to the deformed, in which they shall be beautiful. 

Selected. 

■»■ ^ «»■ 



We naturally indulge those ideas that please us. Hope will 
predominate in every mind, till it has been suppressed by 
frequent disappointments. 




WL 



: «SSR| 



J"U"V r E13srZI J E I1TSTBUOTOB. 



57 





the star-fish. ( See next page. ) 





•JTJATIUiTJIIL.E INSTBTJOTOB. 




THE STAR-FISH. 



BY HOMESPUN. 




COME, sit down with me, my little pets, and let us see 
what lots, of funny little creatures we can find in this 
queer, delightful picture. 

Are not those crinkly stars, odd-looking fish ? But they are 
fish, and so also is that thick, clumsy star up there on the 
rock. The pretty leaves, and the branching coral, the curious 
vegetation and shells at the bottom of the picture, with the 
beams of light traveling down through the blue waters, make 
a scene of ocean life in its depths, very pleasing and truthful. 
These fish are a very low order of life, and not active and 
quick like the higher forms. 

The books tell us that the star-fish, or asteriadce, are a 
family of the echmodermata, having in the center of the body 
a stomach with only one aperture, but extending by two much- 
branched casca, into each of the rays into which the body is 
divided. The mouth is underneath the body, and the little 
creatures are very voracious. And such a strange thing — do 
you know that if one, two, or all but one of those rays were 
to be broken off, the rest, be it one or more, would grow on 
again. They crawl around after their food, slowly and labor- 
iously over rocks, at the bottom of the ocean. The females 
lay many eggs, and remain over them for sometime, to hatch 
them. 

Those funny little knobs and points you see on them are 
not sharp, but look like a tiny little forest of points. 

All around the picture in the border, you can see odd crea- 
tures; toads, lizards, snails, turtles, a monkey, and one curl- 
ing snake winds his fatal length at the foot of the picture. 

While you are all picking out the various animals here, I 
will tell you how the star-fish, which belongs to my husband, 
was found by him while on the Sandwich Islands. 

He was on the island of Kauai, where these fish are very numer- 
ous, and he wanted to procure one and dry it for his cabinet of 
island curiosities. At the place where he was, there was a 
coral reef about one-half mile out from the shore, extending 
clear across the bay. When thj tide was out, this reef was 
partially uncovered, so that one could walk from point to point 
with safety ; getting perhaps torn boots or flesh on the sharp 
projections of the coral. He waded out quite a distance, 
looking down as he passed, into the little pools between the 
interstices of the reef. Sometimes these pools would be shal- 
low, and again fathomless. As he passed one, he heard behind 
him a little ' 'hiss-ss-ss. ' ' Loking back he saw two tiny streams 
cast up into the air, like miniature spouts from the whale. The 
pool, before so blue and clear, was black and troubled. A 
moment, and the water cleared, showing, seated on a small 
promontory of the coral, a large devil-fish with its soft, flabby, 
hugh, staring eyes laid flat upon its head, and its many coiling 
tendrils curled around the coral or flapping and floating out in 
the water. He was not wishing any closer acquaintance with 
the hee, as the natives call it. and so walked on. At last he 
saw the object of his search, a perfect star-fish, cumbrously 
wallowing in the sandy water, and picking his lordship up, he 
carried him home, doubled him, while soft, into a tin can, put- 
ting the mouth or center downwards, and then filled the can 
with dry salt. He was pickled (the fish, I mean). And 
on arriving home a year after, my husband brought before my 
interested gaze the pretty treasure. We soaked it and then 
spread it out to dry ; and now it is a pale brown star, with 



every knob and point perfect — a pleasing acquisition to our 
modest cabinet. 



A THRILLING ADVENTURE. 



BY JOHN NICHOLSON. 



BROTHER WILLIAM N. FIFE, formerly of Ogden, 
having been for some time marshal of that city, has been 
for the last few years a resident of Cochise County, in the 
south-western part of Arizona. His place is in an isolated 
spot among the foot-hills of the Chiracahua mountains. The 
nearest ranch to his is that of White Brothers, formerly of 
Pennsylvania, it being six miles distant. 

Being acquainted with Brother Fife I was much concerned 
to learn, probably about a year and a half ago — I am not sure 
of the time — that his son John, quite a young man, had been 
attacked and dangerously wounded by Indians, barely escaping 
with his life. 

I never learned the details of the affair until a few days 
since, when I heard them from the lips of Bishop F. A. 
Hammond, who had just returned from a trip to Arizona and 
other parts of the country. 

It appears that young John Fife, who was then about 
twenty years old, was one day, in company with another youth, 
getting a load of small timber to be used in an adjacent mine, 
a few miles from his home, when a Chiracahua band of 
Apache Indians, a remnant of those with whom General 
Crook had been fighting and endeavoring to force to return to 
the San Carlos reservation, made their appearance. 

John Fife's companion at once attempted escape but was shot 
dead as he ran. The Indians immediately opened fire on John, and 
a bullet stiuck him in the left wrist, inflicting a severe wound. 

He was seized with a sudden impulse to seek shelter in a 
large clump of brush and underwood, and instantly obeyed 
this prom pting. A similar feeling impelled him to lie flat upon 
the ground, the Indians all the time uttering ferocious, blood- 
curdling yells and whoops, and pouring volley after volley into 
the brush. 

Fortunately John's courage and presence of mind never 
failed him for a moment, and like a lion at bay, he, with his 
rifle, returned the fire of his fierce assailants with remarkable 
rapidity and precision, considering that his left hand was 
almost useless. While he was thus engaged another bullet 
struck him in the right groin, and still another entered the 
fleshy part of his thigh. But still he fought, and one Indian 
dropped apparently dead, and was dragged out of sight by 
his companions, while another was wounded. 

John Fife's courage and determination made the blood- 
thirsty band respect him so much that they began to conduct 
the attack from behind tree-stumps, rocks and other objects 
that afforded shelter, but they could not dislodge him. 

Being determined to get John, the savages hit upon an 
ingenious plan. They decided to burn him out. Setting fire 
to the brush in which he was hid at one end, they ranged 
themselves at the other and waited for their victim to come 
out as the flames crowded him forward. 

The reader can perhaps picture in imagination the horrible 
predicament in which this young man was placed, as he lay 
wounded and bleeding in the brush. The choice of two deaths 
both terrible and revolting, stared him in the face. In front 
of him was a band of fierce and blood-thirsty savages, who 
should he emerge from his hiding place, would probably sub- 





J" TT "VEIN" I LIE I2<rSTBTJCTOR, 



59 




ject him to the most horrible tortures and mutilations, the 
very thought of being compelled to submit to which would 
make an expeditious method of losing life the most accept- 
able. 

Behind the young man the flames roared and cracked, 
approaching nearer and nearer«every moment, threatening to 
literally roast him alive. The fire had already reached close 
to his feet, the heat having become so intense as to be almost 
past human endurance. 

Suddenly a still small voice appeared to whisper within him, 
"Get up and run through the fire." No sooner had the 
timely and kind monitor given this advice than John sprang to 
his feet and with his teeth firmly sit and lips tightly drawn he 
rushed through the flames and smoke. He gained the open 
country with the burning brush between himself and his foes. It 
was life or death, and notwithstanding his wounds he sped over 
the ground like a bounding deer, never slackening his pace an 
instant until he had run two miles. After going that distance 
he reached a small mining camp and was safe. 

On his arrival there poor John fell to the ground uncon- 
scious, remaining in that condition a considerable time. 

The men at the camp took in the situation at a glance. 
They cared for him with much tenderness and dispatched a 
messenger to inform the young man's parents of what had 
occurred. When the bearer of the gloomy tidings reached 
his destination he found that John's father, Brother W. N. 
Fife, was not at home. His mother's feelings and those of 
the other members of the family may be imagined, but cannot 
be described. By this time it was away into the night, and 
Mrs. Fife, not knowing but an attack might be made by the 
savages on the house, gathered her children about her, and in 
the dense darkness, with them, traversed the foothills and 
prairies a distance of six miles, to the ranch of the Messrs. 
White. 

These gentlemen took the fugitives in and treated them with 
hearty hospitality. They also immediately dispatched a con- 
veyance to the mining camp where John was and had him 
brought to their place. They procured surgical assistance and 
kept the wounded young man there eleven weeks, until he was 
able to get about again, all the time treating him with the 
greatest kindness. It may here be remarked that those gen- 
tlemen who acted the part of the good Samaritan are not 
members of the Church. 

John Fife showed great bravery and intrepidity during his 
remarkable ordeal, characteristics that are specially conspic- 
uous among the youth of Israel. He very properly attributes 
his marvelous escape to the interposition of God, as he was 
prompted to take the course that led to his deliverance by an 
influence other than his own natural impulses. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



AN extract of a letter written by Elder Parley P. Pratt to 
his brother, Orson, in England, will give our readers a 
vivid picture of life in this valley in the days of which we 
write. He said: 

"Dear Brother Orson: I have now resided almost one year in 
this lone retreat where civilized man has not made his home 
for the last thousand years, and where the ripening harvest has 
not been enjoyed for ages, until this present season. During 
all this period, the sound of war, the rise and fall of empires, 
the revolutions of states and kingdoms, the news of any kind 




has scarcely reached my ears. It is but a few days since we 
heard of the revolutions and convulsions which are agitating 
Europe. All is quiet, stillness. No elections, no police reports, 
no murders, no war in our little world. The legislation of our 
High Council, the decision of some court or Bishop, a meet- 
ing, a dance, a visit, an exploring tour, an arrival of a party of 
trappers and traders, a Mexican caravan, a party arrived from 
the Pacific, from the States, from Forts Hall or Bridger, a 
visit of Indians, or perhaps a mail from the distant world, 
once or twice a year is all that breaks upon the monotony of 
our peaceful and busy life. No policemen have been on duty 
to guard us from external or internal danger. The drum has 
beat, to be sure, but it was mingled with merr3'-making, or 
its martial sound was rather to remind us that war had been 
among the nations. 

"Oh, what a life we live! It is the dream of the poets 
actually fulfilled in real life. Here we can cultivate the mind, 
renew the spirits, invigorate the body, cheer the heart and 
ennoble the soul of man. Here we can cultivate every science 
and art calculated to enlarge the mind, accommodate the body 
or polish and adorn our race; and here we can receive and 
extend that pure intelligence which is unmingled with the 
jargon of mystic Babylon, and which will fit a man, after a 
long life of health and usefulness, to enjoy the mansions of 
bliss and the society of those who are purified in the blood of 
the Lamb. 

"Here no prisoners groan in solitary cells; no chains or fetters 
bind the limbs of man; no slave exists to tremble, toil and 
sweat for naught, or fear and crouch full low to please his fel- 
low man. Here all are free to do right; and are warned, and 
chastened, and corrected if caught doing wrong. 

"Here, too, we are all rich — there is no real poverty where 
all men have access to the soil, the pasture, the timber, the 
water-power, and all the elements of wealth without money or 
price. ' ' 

It will he interesting to our readers to know some more par- 
ticulars about the situation of the people who resided in the 
valley the Winter of 1S47-8. The pioneers, after their arrival 
laid the foundation of a fort and erected a number of houses 
which they left for those who came in after them to occupy. 
Some of these were constructed of adobe, others of logs. The 
adobes were made longer than is the fashion now — they were 
eighteen inches long and proportionately wide and thick. This 
fort was called the "Old Fort," and it stood on what is now 
known as the 6th Ward square, in this city. When the com- 
panies wliich followed the pioneers came into the valley, addi- 
tions were made to the south and north of the fort, which were 
called the South and North Forts. They were connected with 
the Old Fort by gates, and each of them had gates through 
which the people went to and from their fields and work out- 
side. The houses were built close together, with the highest 
wall on the outside, which formed the wall of the fort. The 
roofs sloped towards the inside, and all the doors and windows 
were on the inside, so as to make the houses more secure 
against attack in case any were made. Not having had any 
experience in this climate, and supposing from the appearance 
of the ground in the Summer and Fall, and from all that could 
be learned concerning it tha- it was very dry, the roofs of the 
houses were made rather Hat. The result was that nearly 
every house leaked during the first Winter, and umbrellas, 
where such a luxury as an umbrella was owned, were frequently 
in demand to shelter those engaged in cooking, and even in bed 
persons would be seen sitting or lying under an umbrella. The 
houses were chiefly covered with poles and soil, or boards and 



_s«<SF 



m 




60 



CTU 'YE1TILE I^STRTJGTOB. 




soil. Where the poles or boards were strong enough, the 
depth of soil was increased to prevent leaking; but as there 
were comparatively few in this condition, the most of the 
houses were ornamented with pillars to support the roofs. The 
clay which was found in the bottoms near the fort made excel- 
lent plaster for the inside of the houses, and when mixed with 
water made a pretty good whitewash that was only inferior to 
lime. But it would not stand exposure to rain, as some of the 
people learned who covered their houses with it. It melted 
quickly and offered no resistance to the rain. The common 
soil was far superior to it for this purpose; for it would absorb 
and retain considerable moisture. 

The first Winter the Saints spent in the valley was a remark- 
ably mild one. There were two or three cold spells of weather 
but they did not last long. This was most fortunate for the 
people, for neither their food nor their clothing was of such a 
character as to enable them to endure very cold weather. Many 
were without shoes, and the best and only covering they could 
get for their feet was moccasins. Their clothing, too, was 
pretty well exhausted, and the goat, deer and elk skins which 
they could procure were most acceptable for clothing, though 
far from being pleasant to wear in the rain or snow. The 
writer recollects how proud he was when he succeeded in obtain- 
ing an elk skin, out of which, after smoking it, he had a pair 
of pantaloons made. He has had the good fortune to wear 
some of the best fabrics of this and other countries since then; 
but he never has owned an article of dress which gave him so 
much satisfaction and for which he was more thankful than 
those elk skin trowsers. 




LORD NELSON. 

( Continued from page 4:2. ) 

HOSTILITIES were accordingly suspended, and the Danes 
had leisure to count their slain. Almost every house in 
Copenhagen was a house of mourning. Mothers bewailed 
their sons, sisters their brothers, and wives their husbands. 
Indeed, so severely had the Danes suffered that the members 
of almost every family had to lament the loss of some whom 
they had held dear. 

After the victory Nelson landed, proceeded to the palace of 
Copenhagen, and had an interview with the Crown Prince. 
Not without reluctance, the Danish government consented to 
a treaty; and Nelson, appointed to the command of the fleet 
on Sir Hyde Parker's recall, was preparing to deal with the 
other northern powers, when the assassination of the Czar Paul 
dissolved the confederacy. Nelson then returned home, where 
he was welcomed with enthusiasm, and elevated to the rank 
of viscount in the peerage of England. 

At the time that Nelson, with the laurels won at Copen- 
hagen, set his foot in England, Bonaparte was busy with his 
mysterious preparations at Boulogne. Much alarm was the 
consequence, and Nelson was requested to undertake a com- 
mand which extended on both shores from Orfordness to 
Beachy Head. Hoisting his flag in the Medusa frigate, he 
went to reconnoitre Boulogne, and planned a boat-attack on 
the flotilla. The attempt, however, failed ; and Nelson was 
about resigning his command, when, in the Spring of 1 sol', 
he found himself relieved by the peace of Amiens, and retired 
to Merton, in Surrey, where he had purchased a house, and 
where he intended to pass his life peacefully under the shadow 
of his own vine and fig-tree. 



But the peace of Amiens proved brief. The ambition and 
insolence of Bonaparte speedily disgusted the people of Eng- 
land ; and in May, 1803, the English embassador left Paris. 
A renewal of the war forthwith took place; and Nelson, 
appointed to the command of the Mediterranean, blockaded 
Toulon, where was the French fleet under Villeneuve, a man of 
talent and a seaman of skill. So vigilantly did Nelson do his 
duty, that for two long years he was only ashore three times, 
each time on the king's service, and on no occasion for more 
than an hour. 

In the meantime, Spain was forced into a declaration of 
war with England, and the French, with the co-operation of 
the Spanish navy in prospect, plucked up courage. One day, 
in the middle of January, 1805, Villeneuve ventured on put- 
ting to sea. At that time, Nelson, on board the Victory, was 
at anchor off the coast of Sardinia. But he received prompt 
intelligence of the French fleet having left Toulon, and 
instantly sailed with the hope of an encounter. The fates, 
however, were not propitious. Bad weather enabled the 
French to elude his search; and, utterly at a loss whether 
they were bound for the West Indies or for Ireland, he 
scarcely knew on which side to turn. After experiencing 
much misery, he received information that the French were 
bound for the West Indies ; he pursued them thither, fright- 
ened them back to Europe, and, after having chased them 
half round the globe without the satisfaction of bringing 
them to an engagement, he landed at Portsmouth. There 
Nelson learned that Villeneuve, having been engaged by 
Admiral Calder to the west of Cape Finisterre with success, 
indeed, but without a decisive victory, had deemed it prudent 
to bear away. Fatigued and worn with anxiety, Nelson retired 
to recruit his health and energies at Merton. 

But the work of England's hero was not yet done. One 
morning in the Autumn of 1805, when Nelson had not been 
long in retirement, Captain Blackwood, on his way to London 
with dispatches, looked in at Merton. It was five o'clock ; 
but, early as was the hour, Nelson, already dressed, imme- 
diately appeared, and welcomed his visitor with a countenance 
eager with expectation. 

"I am sure, Blackwood," he exclaimed, "that you bring 
news of the French and Spanish fleets." 

"Yes," Blackwood answered; and explained that, after the 
indecisive action with Calder, Villeneuve had refitted at Vigo, 
then gone to Ferrol, brought the squadron from that port, and 
with it entered the harbor of Cadiz. 

"I think, Blackwood, I shall yet have to beat them," said 
Nelson. "Depend upon it," he added, "I shall have to give 
M. Villeneuve a drubbing." 

Nevertheless, the idea of leaving Merton was not altogether 
pleasant, and, after Blackwood's departure, Nelson seems to 
have wavered. But, after restlessly pacing the walks of his 
garden, he resolved to offer his services; and his services hav- 
ing been readily accepted by the government, over which Pitt 
once more presided, the Victory was refitted to carry his flag. 
The nation was in raptures when intelligence went through 
the land that Nelson was going to fulfill his threat of "teach- 
ing Bonaparte to respect the British Davy;" and, when he 
reached Portsmouth, an immense crowd was assembled to wit- 
ness his embarkation. 

On the 29th of September, 1805, the Victory arrived off 
Cadiz, and Nelson's reception by the fleet was such as to gra- 
tify his heart. But, fearing that if the French knew his force, 
Villeneuve would not venture out, he desired Admiral Colling- 



2S 




CTTJ^TE^riLE IUSTBUCTOB. 



61 




wood neither to hoist colors nor to fire a salute, and refrained 
from going within sight of land. 

It happened that, on the very day of Nelson's arrival, Vil- 
leneuve resolved to take the earliest opportunity of putting to 
sea with the combined fleets. But, on hearing a rumor of 
Nelson having resumed the command, the French admiral 
hesitated ; and a council of war which he summoned decided 
that, unless assured of the French force being stronger than 
the English, it was inexpedient to leave Cadiz. At that time, 
however, an American arrived from England, and treated with 
ridicule the idea of Nelson having left home. 

''Lord Nelson is in the Mediterranean," people said to 
him. 

"Impossible," answered the American; "I saw him in 
London only a few days ago, and then there wasn't a word 
about his going again to sea." 

While Villeneuve was thus led to doubt the rumor of 
Nelson's arrival, Nelson was forming his plan for "giving 
Villeneuve a drubbing." The fleet was to sail in two lines, 
with a squadron of fast-sailing two-deckers in advance, and 
the order of sailing was to be the order of battle. Colling- 
wood, as second in command, with the full direction of his 
own line, was to break through the enemy at the twelfth ship 
from the rear. 

( To be Continued. ) 



§«; 



SESSION FIFTH. 



BY URIEL. 



IT is said, "man proposes and God disposes." Your humble 
servant in starting the "Theological Class" proposed to fur- 
nish a session for every paper, but most unlooked-for circum- 
stances prevented the fulfillment of the design. But while there 
is life there is hope, so my youDg friends we will try again and 
trust we may be enabled to continue our reflections and encour- 
agements in our class without interruptions. 

We are certainly deliirhted to meet with you again and 
resume our very interesting studies. Let us briefly review the 
past sessions to take up the thread and continue to build on 
the foundation we have laid. 

Our first session is found on page 278, Volume xvn, where 
we reflected upon the necessity of enjoying the fellowship of 
the Holy Ghost, the spirit of truth, the spirit of revelation, 
in order to make success in the science of theology, because 
we are engaged in the study of God, angels, spirits and spirit- 
ual things. "The attributes of God, His relations to us, the 
dispensations of His providence, His will with respect to our 
actions, and His purposes with respect to our end." 

Then, in our second session, page 302, of the same volume, 
on the necessity of the preceptor of the science of theology being 
sent ol God, or inspired to teach, having authority and posses- 
sing the spirit of truth so as to be able to teach correct doctrines 
by that spirit, he himself being taught of God and being able 
to comprehend the principles taught. Without authority 
he could not do this. The reason there is so much confusion 
in the world, so many conflicting opinions with regard to religion, 
is because the fear of God is taught by the precepts of men, 



who are uninspired and do not have the authority to preach, 
every man walking in the counsels of his own will, and putting 
his own construction on the holy scriptures, until there is no end 
of the systems or ways to go to heaven, or be saved, as it is 
termed. How thankful we should be for the restoration of 
the gospel, so that we can be taught of God! 

But to continue. Our next session, found on page 306, 
treated upon the class of characters we have to become to 
make a success in the study of theology. Also our relation- 
ship with God and the interest manifested by Him for the 
benefit and well-being of His children, and the encouragement 
we have to establish and preserve a character that will live 
forever by prayer, faith and works, so as to have a living tes- 
timony and become witnesses of the truth of these things. 

In our fourth session we treated upon the one God and 
Father of all, the Father of our spirits, and of our pre- exist- 
ence with Him. This session is found on page 356. It is 
certainly a most glorious reflection that we existed with Him 
before we came here, and it is just as consistent to believe 
that we existed before we came here as it is to believe that 
we will exist after death. All things were first created spirit- 
ually, that is, they had a spiritual existence. That spirits can 
move and have a being, that they act independent of their 
bodies can very easily be proved from the scriptures. 

Let us take for instance the account of the crucifixion as 
related by Luke. It is found in the twenty-third chapter 
that the Savior was crucified between two criminals. One of 
these railed on him, saying, "If thou be Christ save thyself 
and us. But the other answering rebuked him, saying, Lost 
not thou fear God, seeing that thou art in the same condem- 
nation? And we indeed justly; for we receive the due reward 
of our deeds: but this man hath done nothing amiss. And he 
said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thou comest into 
thy kingdom. And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say uuto 
thee, to-day thou shalt be with me in paradise." 

The Savior talked but little to the thief when He was in the 
agonies of a most cruel and painful death, but promised him 
that he should be with Him that day in paradise. It is written 
that, "When Jesus had cried with a loud voice, he said, 
Father, into thy hands I commend my spirit ; and having said 
this, He gave up the ghost." That is, His spirit left His 
body. The malefactor also died, he gave up the ghost, or his 
spirit left his body. Where did these spirits go to? is the 
question. The spirit of the Savior and the spirit of the male- 
factor. Why to heaven, is the reply of the popular false 
teachers; but that cannot be so; paradise is not heaven. 
Heaven is the place where God dwells, where His throne 
is. 

Now, John tells us in the twentieth chapter that when Christ 
arose from the dead He met Mary, but she did not know Him. 
He said to her, "Woman, why weepest thou? whom seekest 
thou? She, supposing Him to be the gardener, said unto 
Him, Sir, if thou have borne Him hence, tell me where thou 
hast laid Him, and I will take Him away." She wanted the 
body of her Lord, she had forgotten His prediction that the 
third day He would rise again. "Jesus saith unto her, Mary. 
She turned herself and said unto Him, Rabboni; which is to 
say, Master," and, woman-like, was about to clasp Him in 
her arms and embrace Him, but, "Jesus saith unto her, Touch 
me not: for I am not yet ascended to my Father: but go to 
my brethren, and say unto them, I ascend unto my Father, and 
your Father; and to my God, and your God." The Father of 
His spirit and of Mary's spirit, the God and Father of the 
spirits of all flesh, our Father which art in heaven. Now this 







was three days after He had given up the ghost, or His spirit 
had left His body, then, if He had not been to heaven where 
had He been ? and where was the spirit of the male- 
factor? 

The Apostle Peter tells us; for he knew where the spirit of 
the Lord Jesus was when His body was in the tomb. He says 
in the third chapter of his first epistle, "For it is better, if the 
will of God be so, that ye should suffer for well doing, than 
for evil doing. For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, 
the just for the unjust, that He might bring us to God, being 
put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit: by 
which also He went and preached unto the spirits in prison ; 
which some time were disobedient, when once the long suffering 
of God waited in the days of Noah, while the ark was a pre- 
paring, wherein few, that is, eight souls, were saved by 
water." By this we understand that paradise is the abode of 
spirits, those who have dwelt upon this earth, and that some 
of those spirits are in prison for their disobedience to the word 
of God. 

The gospel was preached in the days of Noah, for he was a 
preacher of righteousness ; he taught the science of theology 
in his day ; he had the authority from God ; he held the holy 
Priesthood and called upon the people to repent and obey the 
gospel, warning them of judgments to come; but the people 
would not hearken to him, hence they were destroyed and 
their disobedient spirits were cast into the spirit prison in 
paradise. 

These were visited by the Savior and He taught them the 
gospel. He was the Great Master in the science of theology and 
he went and preached to the spirits in prison, as He had 
declared He would, when He dwelt upon the earth, He said, 
"the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they 
that hear shall live," as also he said at another time, "He 
that believeth on me, though he were dead, yet shall he live." 
This is easy to be understood if we ask , what is death ? It is 
the separation of the body and the spirit; the body rests, or 
sleeps, in the dust, but the spirit goes to paradise, the abode 
of spirits, and enjoys or suffers according to the deeds 
done in the body. The spirits that had been disobedient and 
had rejected the word of the Lord through Noah, were in 
prison, suffering for their rejection of the message God had 
sent them. Doubtless the spirit of the malefactor was with 
Christ listening to the principles taught by the Messiah. 

It might be asked, why is the gospel preached to the dead? 
Peter answers this question in the fourth chapter, first epistle, 
"For for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that 
are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the 
flesh, but live according to God in the spirit." 

Now, my beloved young friends, you can see how the Savior 
came from God, that He existed with the Father in the begin- 
ning; He dwelt upon this earth and taught us how to live that 
we might become eternal beings, that we might become like 
Him. He was a preacher of righteousness. He taught the 
science of theology in the spirit world in the beginning. He 
taught it here upon the earth, in Jerusalem and round about. 
In the spirit He went to paradise and taught the spirits there 
and after His resurrection taught His apostles. He is our 
example. He came to do the will of His Father and we are 
here to do the will of our Father which is in heaven. This 
should be our happiness, to do His will and prepare our- 
selves for endless lives. We cannot afford to lose so great a sal- 
vation ; we cannot afford to barter endless lives for the perish- 
able things of to-day. 



There is no greater happiness than to do right; it is its own 
reward. Wrong doing never was happiness nor never will be, 
it brings its own punishment. "Be sure your sin will find 
you out." We are anxious that this class should be like unto 
Daniel, Joseph, Sarah and Mary of old, possessing faith, 
having a love for the principles of righteousness and being 
able to enjoy life without soiling their characters by partaking 
of the sins of the world, association with the wicked or becom- 
ing the slaves of bad and pernicious habits. But represent a 
glorious manhood, assisting indeed, the Father in the estab- 
lishment of His righteousness upon the earth, being bright 
students in the science of theology and keeping themselves 
unspotted from the world. 



NIGHT SCENES IN A 
GREAT CITY. 



FOURTH NIGHT. 



BY KENNON. 



I WAS preparing to retire one night about ten o'clock, when 
Flynn entered my room hurriedly without the formality of 
knocking. 

"Come with me," he said, "to perform an errand to a 
stricken household. I need the moral support of some one 
not yet world-hardened." 

While I was getting on my heavy clothing, the reporter 
said, "Yesterday morning our paper had a dispatch from a 
distant coal-mining region, stating that on Christmas-day two 
colliers named David Read and William Richards had engaged 
in a drunken affray, and that Richards had brutally murdered 
his companion and had then been himself lynched by his fellows. 
This morning an advertisement appeared as follows : 

" 'Any person knowing anything of the death of William 

Richards, and the affray which led thereto, at on 

Christmas-day, will confer a favor on a sorrowing mother, by 

bringing information to 863 T street. papers 

please copy. 

" 'Mary Richards.' 

"To-night a message was received giving fuller particulars 
of the affair, and to a certain extent contradicting the first 

report. I am going now with the news to 863 T street, 

and I think that we will both find material for a story." 

We hurried from our boarding-house, and taking a car, were 
rattled along over the first mile of our journey. We were now 
in a poorer quarter of the town, and, leaving the car, we pro- 
ceeded to walk through the shabby streets and alleys which 
separated us from our destination. Flynn caught a moralizing 
tone from his errand and his surroundings, and said : 

"How strange it is that poverty and vice should wed each 
other in large cities ! This place is as noisome as a dungeon. 
See how the gin-mills have multiplied, and note their crowded 
filth. There is in this neighborhood, on the outside at least, 
none of the cleanliness of honest poverty. Everything is vile 
and low. What shall the children be who breathe this air and 
this immorality ! I tell you, the day is coming when this tree 
will bear a bitter fruit for this nation. Wealth is growing 
more selfish and niggardly ; want more abject and pinching. 
Unless a system of salvation shall arise for the masses, the 
horrors of the French revolution will find re-enactment in this 
time and clime." 





CrU^IE IN" I LIS IITSTBTJO'TOR. 



63 





My friend found the particular house which he had been seek- 
ing, and then whispered, "Idreadtogoin. Do you see that light 
shining through the curtain? Something tells me behind the 
window we will find the broken-hearted mother." 

After a few moments' delay, Flynn tapped softly on the 
basement door, and we heard a woman's voice bid us to enter. 
We stepped softly into the lighted room — with our heads 
uncovered. This seemed a sacred chamber. A glance showed 
that it was scrupulously clean. It was evidently used as a 
kitchen, sitting-room and sleeping apartment. But thestove and 
its utensils were bright, while the corner in which the white- 
covered bed stood, looked as neat and pretty as though it had 
occupied a nook in a more aristocratic neighborhood. It is well 
that 1 saw all this at a glance, because after the first moment, 
my attention was drawn entirely to the occupant of the room. 
She was an old lady with a tall, rather stately figure, and a 
beautiful, sorrowful face. Her gray hair was smoothed under 
her neat, white cap, over a broad, white brow. She had black 
eyes, which in youth must have been lustrous and flashing — 
grand dark eyes of love and vigor; now they were humid with 
unshed tears, their fire quenched, their light subdued. 

Upon our entrance, she had risen from a little table upon 
which was lying an open Bible. It was plain that she had 
been seeking consolation from the scriptures. 

Flynn approached her and spoke with a reverent tender- 
ness, which quickened my feeling for him into an ardent regard: 

"Is this Mrs. Mary Richards, whose advertisement appeared 
in this morning's papers?" 

"Yes, yes. Oh, sir! do you know anything about my dear son?" 

"A dispatch to the newspapers was received to-night which 
contradicted the first report. You are courageous, madam, 
and I trust you can bear good news with the fortitude which 
you have shown when the tidings were bad. Your son is not 
dead. Neither is he a murderer." 

The old lady gave a sob of joy when she learned that her 
boy was living ; but when she knew that he was not a slayer 
of his fellow-man, she fell upon her knees by that white bed 
and cried, "Oh, God be praised! Dear Father, I thank Thee." 

Then she buried her face in the pillows. Her aged frame 
was shaking with emotion, while she sought, I have no doubt, 
with grateful prayers the throne of grace. When she turned 
to us she was in a measure calmed. She had sufficiently 
recovered to hear particulars, so Flynn continued : 

"Od Christmas-day David Read in a fit of drunkenness was 
abusing a sickly young man at the mines, when your son 
attempted to lead him away. Read was in a pa.-sion at the 
interference and struck Richards with a knife. Your boy fell 
in a pool of blood. His companions who loved and respected 
him, thinking he was dead, rushed Read away and executed 
summary justice upon the wretch. Only the weakly youth 
whom William had been endeavoring to save remained with 
your son's body. It was he who discovered that life was not 
extinct ; it was he who dragged his friend to a neighboring 
house, summoned a physician, and then fell fainting from 
exhaustion. Madam, I hope your son will recover. Manly 
courage is too scarce already in this wicked world, without 
our losing such an embodiment of it as William Richards." 

"I knew it, I knew it," sobbed the mother, "When my 
William left me for the colliery he promised never to drink 
liquor. I knew he would keep his word. And when I saw 
in the paper that he had killed a companion in a drunken 
affray, I felt that there must be some awful mistake. Oh, 
sir! I thank the good God for His mercy and you for your 
kindness to a poor old woman. But my heart bleeds now for 



some other stricken mother. I hope that if David Read's 
parents are not already dead, that they may never live long 
enough to learn what cruel woe has fallen upon them." 

We took our departure, but not until the reporter had pro- 
mised to keep Mrs. Richards informed of her son's condition. 
He said he would telegraph in the mother's name to learn if 
William were comfortably provided for, and how soon he 
would be able to leave the hospital and return to comfort that 
staunch maternal heart. 

When we reached the street it was long past midnight. We 
walked in silence for a few squares, and then Flynn said : 
"What a fool a cynic is ! This night has restored my faith in 
human nature." 



TO THE STAKE SUPERINTEN- 
DENTS OF SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 



IN answer to a question asked by a Stake superintendent of 
Sunday schools the following instructions have been given : 

In visiting the schools of your Stake, 

Always be punctual on time, and notice the situation of 
things at the hour appointed to commence. 

Is the room clean, aud seats, desks etc. free from dust? 

Are the superintendent, and other officers, and teachers pre- 
sent? 

Do they open the school at the appointed time ? 

Do the whole school stand up and sing in concert? 

Does the one who offers prayer speak so as to be heard by 
the whole school, and not too long ? 

Notice if the secretary takes the stand, calls roll, and reads 
the minutes loudly and distinctly ? 

Do the teachers respond to their names loud enough to be 
heard by all the school? 

Let the exercises go on just the same as if you were not 
present. After the reading, and other exercises are finished, 
you will, of course, be expected to make some remarks, and 
having noted the various items referred to, you will always see 
something to commend and speak encouragingly about. 

Never find fault in public, with anything you think needs 
correction. A private suggestion to the superintendent, or a 
few kind remaiks to the teachers, after requesting them to 
stay a few moments after the school is dismissed, will be more 
effectual and better appreciated. 

Never weary the children with long addresses, five or ten 
minutes is quite sufficient at one time. 

Rather let your visits be more frequent, than to overcharge 
the children's tender minds with more than they can remember. 

Every superintendent should be instructed on this subject, 
for no habit is more destructive to the interest of a Sunday 
school, than long, tedious addresses. 

Recommend an orderly and quiet dismissal of the children 
by classes. 

Let your visits be always of a pleasant and encouraging 
character, and both children and teachers will greet you with 
welcome, and listen to your counsels with eagerness and 
pleasure. 

Observe the Word of Wisdom, and kindly recommend 
superintendents, teachers and children to do the same. 

Encourage them to honor the law of tithing by precept and 
example. 

Recommend theological classes for adult scholars, taught by 
competent teachers. Also a primary class for the smaller 
children. 

Carrying with you and carefully perusing the printed rules 
for the guidance of Sunday schools, published by the Deseret 
Sunday School Union, will materially aid your memory in 
what is required. 

Praying for the blessing of God to attend you in all your 
visitations, and general watchcare over the Sunday schools of 
your Stake, we remain 

Your brethren and co-laborers in the gospel, 
Geo. Q. Cannon, Gen. Supt. 
George Goddard, 1st Asst. 
John Moruan, 2nd Asst. 



m 




64: 



j-UATEnsrinLE ii^stbtjotoil. 



LIFE IS FULL OF TOIL AND CARF. 



Wouds by Jas. H. Wallis. 
Slowly. p 



mf 



*r" 



■9 ft 



Music ey EpwtN F. Parry. 
P 






:£=fcr=rfcn 
mf 



Since life is full of toil and care, And joys are gained through sorrow, We'll dry the tear, no 



3EB*=t2=£3 = ^±E3z3E|==fci 



hs — ft~~ft~ 



CHORUS. LiWy. 



/ 



&: 






ft — ft- 






more despair. But glad - ly wait the morrow. 



Then since this life is full of care, And 






&=&=&=z$: 



- ->-- 



=E=E=tc 



0—ir- 



^-^=S=^- 



-J?=tz=Si=£=: 



-X-J^- 







joys are gained through sorrow, We'll dry the tear, no more despair, But glad-ly wait the morrow. 



Jt=± 



— m^-m — * — H + |> 1> "H a — ta — far— b 



The sky may seem both dark and drear, 
The clouds hang thick around us, 

But see, the sun breaks forth to clear 
The gloom that does surround us. 






rzf*z=fc3z=|5=fi:i=&=d'«- : 3 =|i 



If o'er each trial we should mourn, 
Where would we seek for pleasure? 

In every trial are blessings born — 
Each sorrow brings a treasure. 



THE TREASURE DIGGERS. 



A vinter, at the point of death, 
Spake to his sons with parting breath: 
"A treasure in our vineyard lies, 
Dig for it!" — "Say, where is the prize?" 
Aloud they to their father cried. 
"Dig, dig!" he said, when lo! he died. 

Ere in his grave he long had lain, 

They searched and dug with might and main. 

With spade, and mattock and with hoe 

The vineyard o'er and o'er they throw. 

No clod escaped their zealous toil, 

E'en through a sieve they passed the soil, 

And drew the rakes across, around, 

For every stone upon the ground. 

But of the treasure saw no trace, 

Each thought 'twas but a wild goose chase. 

But scarce the sun its yearly round 
Had made, when they with wonder found 
Each vine-tree bore a threefold prize. 
Then grew at length the children wise, 
And, year on year revolving round, 
Dug greater treasures from the ground. 



Good folks, to dig the earth for treasure 
Is sometimes no such foolish measure. 

Translated from the German. 



-»♦- 



If Satan ever laughs, it must be at hypocrites; they are the 
greatest dupes he has. — Colton. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in SWt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE ft. CANNON, 



EDITOR 




TEEMS IN ADVANCE: 
Single Copy, per Annum - - — $2.00. 
Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




1852. 1883. 

BAIW WAGON DEPOT. 

HAVING now on hand, for the Season's 
trade of 1883, one of the best selected 
and assorted stock of FARM, FREIGHT & 
SPRING BAIN WAGONS ever offered for 
sale in Utah, I can assure my customers and 
the Public generally I can fill all orders 
promptly. 

I also have a full line of the Celebrated 
OLIVER CHILLED & MOLINE PLOWS 
of all sizes, including Gang, Sulky, Walking 
and Rail Road Plows. 

I am sole agent for the CHAMPION Reap- 
ers, Mowers, and Self-Binders, TIGER Self- 
Operating Sulky Hay Rakes, TRIUMPH 
Force-Feed Grain Drills, the Randall Revolving, 
Pulverizing Dies Harrows, Cultivators, Scra- 
pers, etc., etc., all of which are First Class in 
every particular and sold as low as First Class 
Goods can be sold. 

1 also have a fine stock of finished and rough 
Wagon and Buggy Material, also Hardwood 
Plank — Oak Ash and Hickory — to which I call 
special attention. 

• Extras for my Machines and Plows always on 
hand. 

Call or write to 

Howard Sebree, 

Salt Lake or Ogden, Utah. 

5-17-t. f. 



THE MORMON BATTALION HISTORY, 
by Daniel Tyler, Esq. , has just been pub- 
lished and is for sale at the Juvenile In- 
structor Office. It is a very valuable work, 
interesting not only to those who' took part 
in the memorable campaign, upon which it 
principally treats, and the posterity and friends 
of such, but will be equally appreciated by all 
others who are interested in the history of the 
Latter-Day Saints. Some of the most impor- 
tant events in the history of this people are 
therein detailed in a faithful and graphic man- 
ner, and many- facts pUrced in a new though 
true light. But a small edition has been 
published*' and those wishing to obtain the 
work, should not delay purchasing. The prices 
are, for cloth binding, $2,50: leather, $3,00; 
morocco gilt, $4,25. 



THE MARTYRS; a Sketch of the Lives and 
a Full Account of the Martyrdom of Jo- 
seph and Hyrum Smith, Together with a Con- 
cise Review of the Most Prominent Incidents 
Connected with the Persecutions of the Saints, 
from the Time the Church was Organized up to 
the Year 1846. By Lyman 0. Littlefield. For 
Sale at this Office, Price 50 cts. 



pARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HIS- 
*-' TORY, the eighth book of the "Faith-Pro- 
moting Series." is published, and is to be had 
at this Office at 25 cents per copy. Its contents 
are: "Show us a Sign;" "Contest with Evil 
Spirits;" "Early Experience of A 0. Smoot;" 
"Scenes in the British Mission;" "Remarkable 
Healings," and "Philo Dibble's Narrative." 



SUBSCKIBE for the JUVENILE INSTRUC- 
TOR. It is the best paper published. It is 
the Organ of the young people of the Latter-day 
Saints. It is equally interesting to children and 
grown people. It is adapte to the capacity of 
children, but there is nothing frivolous about it. 
It does not contain news, but is filled with instruct- 
ive reading matter, as interesting to read at one time 
as another. The first volume published is as interest- 
ingnowas when just issued, sixteen years ago. It 
treats upon religion, science, history, biography 
natural history and such other subjects as are 
interesting to Latter-day Saints. It also contains 
beautiful illustrations. 

A Bound volume of the Instructor is one of 
the most useful and interesting Books a person 
can have in his library. 

Subscription price (postage included) 3 months, 50 cts. 

" - - - - six months, - - 1,00. 

" " " - - - - one year, - - 2,00. 

Back Volumes, bound singly, ... in half calf, 2,50. 

" two in one book, - - - - "----__ 4,75, 

three ""--.. in cloth, 7,00. 

Back Numbers of th/ present volume can be furnished 
01 Subscriptions can commence with the Current Number if 
preferred. 



BOOK BINDING, by an experienced 
workman, in all styles and at the lowest 
rates, at the Juvenile Instructor Office. 

Bring on your magazines and other works for 
binding, and you can depend upon having 
them done promptly, and in any style re- 
quired. 

pHURCH WORKS, in complete Sets, con- 
sisting of the Book of Mormon, Doctrine 
and Covenants, Key to Theology, Voice of 
Warning, Spencer's Letters and Hymn Book, 
all Bound in Morocco, Gilt, extra embossed, 
For sale at this office. Price $ 1 3. 00 and $1 3. 50. 

THE Hymns and Anthems which were sung 
at our last Semi- Annual Conference are 
now published in book form, and for sale at 
this office. Price, single copy, 30 cents, post- 
paid. Reductions made to choirs and associa- 
tions. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE 
LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, Published by 
the Dcseret Sunday School Union, 10 cents. 

At Juvenile Insturctor Office, 

Salt Lake City. 



D 



AVLD JAMES, Tinner, Gas, Water and 
Steam Fitter. 
Water Pipes Laid to Order. Hose, Iron and 
Lead Pipes, Pumps and Fittings, on hand. 



No. 69 Main Street, 1 

Salt Lake City, Utah. / 



P. O. Box 306. 
12-15tf 



UmHERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME!" 

•*• And there are no Boots and Shoes like 
those Made at Home, by Z. C. M. I. Shoe Fac- 
tory, for Comfort, Durability and Cheapness. 
Buy them and try them. Sold at Z. C. M. I. 
H. S. Eldredqe, Supt. 



SP 



Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Salt Lake City.— Our stock 
of Groceries, Hardware, Glassware, Dry Goods, 
Notions, Clothing, Carpets, Wall Paper, etc., is 
very complete. 

Carpets made and laid, and Upholstering done 
in the best s*tyle, by experienced and competent 
workmen. 

H. S. Eldredqe, Supt. 



PENCIL NOTE BOOKS, suitable to write 
Minutes of meetings in, or for Students' 
lessons, at 15 ct., and 20 ct.. The best and 
cheapest in the City. Also made to order in 
quantities for dealers with their own names print- 
ed on the cover, and at special rates; also 

"D EPORTER'S NOTE BOOKS, on good 
tinted paper, ruled to suit short hand or 
other reporters, 20 cts. each, at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office. 



SUBSCRIBERS who wish to have their papers 
Bound can send or bring them to the Juvenile 
Instructor Office, and have them done in any style and 
upon the most reasonable terms. 



OXFORD POCKET BIBLE, containing 
marginal references, index, concordance, 
notes on the various books, and other h.ijis to 
the study of the scriptures — the best pocket 
edition of the Bible published, in various styles 
of binding, at $1.50, $1.75, $2.25, $2.75, $3.00, 
$3. 10, $3.75, $4.25. For sale at this office. 



BACK VOLUMES of Juvenile Instructor 
completed for subscribers who may be 
lacking any of their numbers, and the volumes 
bound in any style desired, and at. the lowest 
price, at this Office. 



MARTIAL BAND MUSIC.-We have for 
sale at this Office the second set of musio 
cards containing two new tunes, for Sunday 
School Martial Bands. They are published by 
the Deseret Sunday School Union, and are sold 
at 50 cts. per set. 



1860. ESTABLISHED I860. 

DAVID O. CALDEB, 

Salt Lake City, 
Importer, Jobber and Retail Dealer in all 
nds of MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS and 
USICAL MERCHANDISE. 
General Agent for the Celebrated Instruments 
' the following makers of Pianos and Organs: 

MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN CO., 
r hose organs are acknowledged, the world 
'er, to be the very best made. Each one of 
ie 1,800 sold in this Territory is the strongest 
r idence of their durability and superior excel- 
nce. Several New and Valuable Improvements 
ive been added lately to their instruments. 

E. P. CARPENTER ORGANS, 
re taking the first rank in this and other 
'untries. The largest' dealers are competing 
r the Agencies. Each one of the 200 lately 
Id by me has given perfect satisfaction. 

W. W. KIMBALL & CO. ORGANS, 
re splendid medium-priced organs and fully 
irranted. They exceed anything in the mar- 
it at the price, and very much superior to 
any at higher prices. 

UPRIGHT & SQUARE PIANOS, 
f Chickering & Sons, Steinway & Sons, Hard- 
in, Dowling & Peck, and Behr Bros. & Co. 
These Pianos are certainly the best of their 
tss made. 

BRASS AND QUADRILLE BANDS. 

I am now prepared to fill orders for all grades 
music for Brass and Orchestral Bands, in- 
action books for all instruments, how to ar- 
uge for orchestras and bands, how to teach 
nds, drum-major's guide, etc., Published by 
W. Pepper, E. A. Samuels, A. Squires, 
scher, and Thompson' and Odell, at their 



Mailed 
Prices. 



GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 
Organ Instructors. Publishers' uj 

Prices. Prices. 

hite's School, - - 2 50 1 00 1 20 
hitney's School, - - 2 50 1 25 1 50 
idds' School, - - 2 50 1 35 1 65 

Piano Instructors. 
idds' School, - - 3 25 2 50 2 75 

wdon's School, - - 3 25 2 50 2 75 
illak'6 School, - - 75 45 55 

- 1 00 50 60 
lake's School, - 75 40 50 

- - 1 00 45 60 
merican Instructors for all 
Instruments, - 75 50 60 

inner's Instructors for all 
Instruments, - - "75 30 35 

mg Folio: 208 pages of 
the most Popular Songs, 
with Piauo or Organ Ac- 
companiment, ... 60 75 
)lio of Music, 208 pages: 
a magnificent collection 
of Music for Organ or 
Piano, ... 60 75 
«gs and Ballads:. 100 
Songs and Music, new and 
popular, - 10 12 
Chculars_ fully explaining the merits of all 
e above instruments can be had on appli- 
tion. 

Orders from the country shall have careful 
id prompt attention. 



nrilE MYTH OF/THE "MANUSCRIPT 
FOUND," or the Absurdities of the 
"Spaulding Story," by Elder George Reynolds. 
Eleventh Book of the "FAith-Promoting 
Series." Just issued and for sale at this 
Office. Price 25 cents. 

qCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth 
O Book of the "Faith Promoting Series," 
has just been Issued and is For Sale at this 
Office. Price per Copy 25 cents. It contains 
some very Interesting Items from the Journals 
of Elders JohD Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel 
Knight. 

AN INTERESTING WORK.— The Hand 
of Providence, as shown in the History of 
Nations and Individuals, from the Great Apos- 
tasy to the Restoration of the Gospel. An 
illustrated book, containing 215 pages of reading 
matter, written by Elder J. H. Ward. For sale 
at this Office. Price 60 cents. 

QGDEN BRANCH Z. C. M. I„ atOgden, 
^-^ Weber Co. — A. Complete Assortment of 
General Merchandise on hand, at bed rock prices. 
Call and examine Goods and Prices before 
purchasing elsewhere. 

S. "W. Sears, Manager. 



PRESIDENT HEBER C. KLMBALL'S 
*• JOURNAL, the seventh book of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series,-" is now issued. It 
contains an account of his missions to England, 
the introduction of the gospel to that land, and 
many interesting incidents that transpired in 
the early days of the Church. For sale at this 
Office, price 25 cents. 



Z. C. M. I. TANNERY, Salt Lake City, 
Manufactures Harness Leather, Upper 
Leather, Calf Skins, Kip Skins, Buff Upper, 
and Splits, of Superior Quality. For Sale, 
Wholesale and Retail, at Same Prices as the 
Imported. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



ESTABLISHED 1857. 

FURNITURE.— Henry Dinwoodey, whole- 
sale and retail dealer in all kinds of Furni- 
ture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby 
Carriages, etc. 

1238 to 1244 First South Street, Salt Lake 
City, Utah. * 13-15 t. £ 



JUST ISSUED. 
O. PRATT'S WORKS. 

In order to Preserve some of the Memorable Writings of 
this Great and Good Man, we have Printed them in Book 
Form, and will sell this Work of 300 Pages for the Exceed- 
ingly Low Figure of 73 cents per Single Copy. Postpaid. 

THE HAND-BOOK OF 

REFERENCE. 

It gives the History and Chronology of the Church. Des- 
cribes the Religion and Country of the Saints, and contains 
a great variety of Valuable Statistics and Information 
which are of great use to Tourists and Residents. Price, 
Postpaid, 50 cents 



NEW PUBLICATION! 



T1TRITINGS FROM THE "WESTERN 

STANDARD," is the title of a book of 

512 pages, which we have for sale at this Office. 

It is composed of a great variety of interest- 
ing sketches that appeared in the Western 
Standard, a paper published in San Francisco, 
in 1856, by George Q. Cannon. 

Price, bound in half calf, cloth sides, $1.50 



LYDIA KNIGHT'S HISTORY, 

The First Book of a Series to be Published, 
Entitled: "Noble Women's Lives Series." 
Price, 25 cents. For Sale at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office, Salt Lake City. 



A NEW BOOK— The Life of Nephj, 
-*"*■ The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from 
Jerusalem, in Judea, to the land which is now 
known as South America, about six centuries 
before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. 
Cannon, of the First Presidency of the Church 
of Jqsus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Ninth 
Book of the Faith-Promoting Series. Pub- 
lished and. for sale at this Office. Price 25 cents. 

7ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
L> INSTITUTION, Drug Department, Salt 
Lake City. -Wholesale and Retail Dealers in 
Drugs, Medicines, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, 
Fancy and Toilet Articles, Soaps, Brushes, 
Sponges, Perfumery, etc. 

Physicians' Prescriptions and Family recipes 
carefully prepared. 

H. S.. Eldredge, Supt. 



T OGAN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., at Logan, 
!_/ Cache Co., keeps on hand a complete assort- 
ment of General Merchandise, at prices to suit 
the times; also deals in Produce. 

The people of Cache Co. will find it to their 

advantage to call and examine Goods and Prices. 

E. 8. Watson, Manager. 



pLURAL MARRLAGE, AS TAUGHT BY 
1 THE PROPHET JOSEPH. A reply to 
Joseph Smith, Editor of the Lamoni (Iowa) 
"Herald." By Helen Mar Whitney. For sale 
at this Office. Price 10 cts. 



ANEW twenty-four page tract entitled 
True yeusus False Religion, in which 
the principles of the gospel are explained in a 
cJcur and pleasing manner. It is in the form of 
•a dialogue in which a "Mormon" Elder and 
several non-"Mormorns" are the actors. Price 
3 cts each or $3.25 per hundred, post paid. 



