^888888888^^ 




^ n illustrated Magazine 



DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUNG, 



No. 7. 




^°?°-s 



George Q. Cannon, Editor. 



O O N T K N T S 



The Fi Inula. [Illustrated.) by Homespun. 

Divine Uetriuution, by Isaiah M. Coombs, 

in i« lllgence of A iiiiualg. 

History of lite Church, 

Desert t S. S. I'nlun Meeting. 

Never be Discouraged, by I. II W, 

Ktw Veer's Kve In Liverpool, by An old 

Pile "I i" Mi, Juveniles. 
I'ovciiunt-Ureuklng, by Daniel Tyler. 



Published by Geopge Q. Cannon, 

AT SALT LAKE CITY. U. T. 

Office, South Temple St., between First and Second West Sts, 




I Once wixs.Pure, by N.'K. Russell. 
Etlltoi lal Thought*. 

Jackals Attacking a Leopi&nl. (Illustrated | 
Toplca of the Timet*, by Tin- Editor. 
Our Theological Class, by I riol. 
Ctinpterf'or (lie l,iUU- Ones. 
Night Scenes lit a Great City, by tCeDUOD, 
Easy Science Lessons*, by Sunny, 
Lei the Holy Spirit Guide) Words and Mum 
by I Jlwin l'. Parry. 



^f/vvf? 






M PUBLICATIONS OF THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR OFFICE. 



-A. STT2fl"^L^-"5T SCHOOL 

DIALOGUE ASB RE6IT&TSQK 



H 



Containing Pieces which are Suitable for Public and Private Entertainments. 



PRWE 9 pQSTgm& s WS €mjfWB* 



THE HAND-BOOK OF REFERENCE 

To the History, Chronology, Religion and Country of the 

LATTER-DAY SAINTS. 

Everyone who can read should possess a copy for study and reference. It is a most valuable addition 

to the Church Publications. 



DPE5ICE, POSTPAID, SO CEUTS. 



t 



I SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION MUSIC B 

V V 



A -M 



FOR USE ]N THE 

S-CLi3-d.a/3r School a-r^d. Xlorr^e Circle- 



Price per Single Copy, 

" 12 or more Copies, Postpaid, 

12 or more Copies. Delivered at this Office, 



It 11 



50 Cents, 

45 Cents Each, 

40 Cents Each. 



The Musical Portfolio of any Choir Among the Saints is Not Complete 

without ai least Several Copies of 



CHOIR MUSIC 



Tin- Excellent Book coo tains the Beautiful Hymns and Anthems sung at our last Semi- 
Annual Conference, and which are pronounced by competent judges to be the Best Collection 
of the kind Ever Published. 

ONLY 30 CENTS PER COPY. 

ORSON PRATT'S WORKS 

The Excellent Writings of this righteous man and remarkable Apostle are 
again placed within the reach of all A Neat Volume of 314 pages for 
75 Cents. 



A LIBERAL DISCOUNT GIVES TO SUNDAY SCHOOLS, IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, 
ETC.. WHEN A NUMBER OF HOOKS ARE PURCHASED. 



% 




VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1884. 



NO. 7. 



THE FRIENDS 



ONCE upon a/time, there were two youths, boys we call 
them now, who loved each other with a love "passing 
the love of women." They dearly loved to go off 
together and talk and hunt or amuse themselves. The 
youngest lad was poor and lowly born, while the older was a 
fine, grard youth, the son of a great ruler. Now, the 
youngest, whom we will call David, had done a very mai vel- 



And now this young David was becoming very popular and 
beloved by the people. Jonathan's father grew jealous and 
envious of his influence; and, instead of using all his mighty 
will to overcome this low passion, he brooded over it, thought 
upon it and mourned over it until he was no longer the big- 
souled, upright, noble ruler, but instead a miserable, wretched 
creature, surrounded by the evil influences he had himself 




ous thing which had so pleased the father of the older lad, 
whose name was Jonathan, that David had been favored and 
petted much. Like many men who occupy high positions, 
Jonathan's father was jealous of those who might, at any 
time, be considered his equal in power and intelligence. This 
fault is often found in otherwise great and grand characters. 



conjured up from their hellish home, and given over to their 
whisperings and tormenting*. At last, the horrid spirit" of 
murder sat enthroned within his breast, and the great ruler 
was its slave. 

His son, Jonathan, however, determined to save his beloved 
companion, and one day, just before the festival of the new 



moon, (which was held in that country for three da3 T s) Jon- 
athan went to his friend, who had hid away from the people 
and their ruler, and they held a loDg consultation, or rather 
talked together a great while. David told Jonathan that he 
knew his life was sought, and Jonathan, loath to believe so 
foul a thing of his own father, said he would find out from 
him what his real feelings were, and then would tell his 
friend, David. So they agreed upon a sign by which David 
was to know whether to remain in hiding or come out once 
more. Jonathan said he would come out, bringing with him 
a little boy, and would shoot some arrows telling the boy to 
run after them. If he (Jonathan) shot the arrows beyond 
the boy, saying, "Behold, the arrows are beyond thee," then 
was David to know it was unsafe for him to come out. If he 
shot the arrows this side of the boy, then David was to come 
out and rejoice with his friend. 

Jonathan seized the first chance, upon his return home, to 
question his father about David, and was so persistent in his 
queries that his father became angry, and sought even to kill 
or wound his own son. Upon this, Jonathan departed with a 
heart weighed down with grief. Seeking his friend's hiding- 
place, and taking the lad with him, he shot the arrows beyond 
the boy, thus showing David he must remain concealed. 

Oh. how the innocent heart of David shook with the thought 
that his very life was sought by the man whom he had rever- 
enced and obeyed ! 

However, let me conclude my little tale by telling you that 
in time, David, who had been true and faithful to his God 
and his religion, became a mighty ruler. And now, if you 
want to know more about these high-spirited, noble lads, whose 
story I have told you, just throw your coaxing arms around 
papa's and mamma's neck, and ask them to get down the big, 
family Bible and read you all about Saul, the father of Jon- 
athan, and how he lived and died; what became of Jonathan, 
and how David was made king over Israel, and I am sure they 
won't refuse you. If they do, just come to me, we'll find it 
all, and read it, too. Try ! 

HOJIKSPUN. 



DIVINE RETRIBUTION. 



ITJ ISA! \II M. i OO.MT'.S. 



"\VMTII what measure ye mete, it shall be measured 

* ' to you again." 

The above is one of the many lessons our Savior taught 
while on earth. It i- no less the teaching of nature and 
ation. Wise men who have no faith in God or the 
Bible but who have closely observed the law of cause and 
effect and the history of nations and of men, have not failed 
to notice t >i i - hi ivereal law of Divine Retribution which follows 
the impenitent transgressor, inflicting punishment when least 
expected. They may not reeogDize any God in it, but they 
see that the principle exist- and i- bo invariable in its applica- 
tion that they, too, io common with men divinely inspired! 
lilt their warning voice, saying unto the sons of men, "Be 
careful what you do ! fate decrees that the evil you do to others 
shall be done to you aL-ain. 

I Lilian plotted the ruin, downfall and death of his hated 
rival. The selfsame fate that he decreed for him came upon 
himself even to the perishing on the gibbet which he had 
caused to be erected for that rival. 



The enemies of Daniel laid their plans deep to have him 
destroyed by the lions, and to all human appearances there 
was no way of escape. But the God of justice was at hand 
to deliver him in a way that could never have been foreseen 
by the wisest of men. When, since the fall of Adam, 
before, had hungry lions refused to devour their prey? Yet 
he came forth from the fearful den unharmed, and his cruel, 
blood-thirsty enemies perished in his stead, thus receiving the 
very same fate that they had planned for him. 

The three Hebrew children were condemned to be consumed 
in the fiery furnace. They, however, trusted in the goodness 
and mercy of God, and the result was, that while they walked 
unscathed in the midst of the fierce flames, they, who cast 
them therein perished at the mouth of the furnace. 

But we cannot now enumerate one-tenth of the instances 
recorded in the divine scriptures alone where the truth of the 
saying is verified, "With what measure ye mete, it shall be 
measured to you again." 

Profane history also teaches the same lesson on nearly every 
page. All the nations of antiquity, once great and powerlul, 
and now no more, split on this rock. They grew rich, proud 
and haughty — trampled under foot the rights of men — the 
cries of their poor and oppressed subjects ascended to heaven, 
and God meted out to them the measure they had meted to 
others. 

The nation of the United States is courting the same des- 
tiny. In this nation it has been the proud boast that all our 
subjects are free and equal. The Declaration of Independence 
declares this to be a fact. The Constitution as framed by the 
founders of our government incorporates the same principle 
and all our early laws were framed in accordance with that 
idea. In an evil day, however, the government lends its 
influence to persecute and rob of their rights a small handful 
of its subjects on account of their religion. In vain have the 
latter-day Prophets lifted their warning voice and told them 
they have, "Sown the wind and shall reap the whirlwind," if 
they repent not — substantially the same doctrine as heads this 
article. They will not believe. So sure as there is justice in 
heaven the measure they endeavor to mete to us will be mea- 
sured to them again. The fate they have decreed for us 
awaits them and no power can hinder or retard it. 

This principle is not confined to nations or to men of 
renown. It applies in all men. It is as common and universal 
in its application as any other principle that can be named. 
No man, no difference how low his station or how high, can 
with impunity wrong his fellow-man. The God of heaven, 
without whose notice a single sparrow does not fall to earth, 
takes cognizance of the acts, good and evil of every individual, 
and in His own due time metes out a just recompense of reward 
to each. 

Young men and maidens of Zion, lay this truth to heart. 
If you would rise yourselves, help to raise others. If you 
would be prosperous and become great, lend a helping hand 
to others who are struggling for the same destiny; and put 
far from you every selfish and jealous feeling. Remember 
that no man rises, especially in this Church, by putting his 
foot on the neck of a brother. "Measure toothers a measure 
of righteousness and you .-hall receive a righteous reward." 
Be willing to aid other.- and you shall receive aid. Seek to 
crush and ruin others and you shall in your turn be crushed 
and ruined. 

Such are the teachings of the Savior — such are the teach- 
ing- of enlightened reason and universal observation. He 
warned and be blessed ! 



®s 




CrTT'VEIIN'ILIE IITSTRTJOTOR. 




VARIETIES. 




INTELLIGENCE OP ANIMALS. 

THE following anecdotes furnish good illustrations of the pro- 
gress animals can make under proper training. From these 
we can form some idea of the intelligence they can reach in the 
resurrection. Animals have a language of their own, by means 
of which they can communicate to each other. In the restitu- 
tion of all things they may make such progress as to be able not 
only to understand us through our language, but to communicate 
with us. 

H. Stuart Wortley writes as follows: 

"A dog of mine knows instantly whether he may go out with 
my housekeeper or not, according to whether she wears her hat 
or her bonnet. In the first instance he knows she is going where 
he may go, and he is on his feet barking with joy as soon as she 
appears. If she has the bonnet on, he knows it to be church, or 
a visit to friends in the country, where he cannot go. If draw- 
ings of hat and bonnet were made, he would know them at once. 

"Some years since, I had a remarkably clever Skye terrier, 
whose wisdom was at the time shown in a letter to a newspaper. 
This dog I taught as follows: When I went out, it was quite suf- 
ficient to say 'Yes' or 'No' in an ordinary tone; but wanting to 
take him beyond that, I taught him very quickly to know the 
two words when printed on cards, YES or NO, and after a few 
weeks' teaching he never mistook them. I have no time now 
for much teaching; if I had, I am sure it could be done with the 
dog I now haye. 

"The intelligence of cats is greatly underrated. My wife's 
favorite cat follows her everywhere, and comes when called 
wherever she may be. Cats, too, are very grateful for kindness. 
When I went into the Malakhoff, I found a cat on whose paw a 
bayonet bad fallen and pinned it to the ground. I released it 
and took it home, and it always followed me all over camp till 
the end of the war. And this cat did as follows: I took her to a 
doctor of the nearest regiment for two mornings to have her foot 
dressed. The third morning I was away on duty before daylight, 
and the cat went herself to the doctor's tent, scratched the canvas 
to be let in, and then held up her paw to be doctored. The intel- 
ligence that can be developed in almost any animal depends in 
most cases on our treatment of it." 

J. D. Caton gives to the public the following anecdote, which 
illustrates the sagacity of the horse and the deep affection which 
the female of the species has for her young: 

"On my farm, one Sunday, the house was left in charge of one 
man, who sat on the porch reading. A mare with her young 
foal, was grazing in the orchard near by. At length he saw the 
mare coming from a distant part of the orchard at full speed, 
making a loud outcry — a sort of unnatural whinney, but, as he 
says, more like a scream of distress than the natural voice of the 
horse. She came as near to the man as the fence would allow, 
and then turned back for a few rods, and then returned, all the 
while keeping up the unnatural outcry. So soon as he started 
to lollow her she ran back in the direction of a morass or miry 
place which had been left unguarded, and only stopped on its 
very brink. The man hastened to the spot with all speed, and 
found the colt mired in the soft mud and water. It was already 
dead." 

SIMPLE REMEDIES. 

A mono other diseases and troubles, many people suffer from 
dyspspsia. There are many causes for this. One fruitful cause 
is rapid eating. Food is not properly chewed and is swallowed 
too hastily. In this way people give to their stomachs the work 
which their teeth should perform. 

Another cause of dyspepsia is not eating at regular times. 
And still another cause is eating too much. 

Those who oat at regular hours, and then slowly, who chew 
their food thoroughly and do not overload their stomachs, seldom 
sulTer from this affection. The following remedy is recom- 
mended in Hull's Journal of Health: 



"Half a teaspoonful of common table salt dissolved in a little 
cold water and drank will instantly relieve 'heart burn' or dys- 
pepsia. If taken every morning before breakfast, increasing the 
quantity gradually to a teaspoonful of salt and a tumbler of 
water, it will in a lew days cure any ordinary case of dyspepsia, 
if at the same time due attention is paid to the diet. There is no 
better remedy than the above for constipation. As a gargle for 
sore throat it is equal to chlorate of potash, and is entirely safe. 
It may be used as often as desired, and if a little is swallowed 
each time it will have a beneficial effect on the throat by cleans- 
ing it and allaying the irritation. In doses of one to four tea- 
spoonfuls in half a pint to a pint of tepid water it acts promptly 
as an emetic, and, in cases of poisoning, is always on hand. It 
is an excellent remedy for bites and stings of insects. It is a 
valuable astringent in hemorrhages, particularly for bleeding 
after the extracting of teeth. It has both cleansing and healing 
properties, and is therefore a most excellent application for 
superficial ulcerations." 

Salt will not be likely to hurt any person, so the above reme- 
dies may be tried, as they are without harm. 

Mustard is also said to be a valuable remedy. Those who 
recommend it say that no family should be without it. 

"Two or three teaspoonfuls of ground mustard stirred into 
half a pint of water acts as an emetic very promptly, and is 
milder and easier to take than salt and water. Equal parts of 
ground mustard and flour or meal made into a paste with warm 
water and spread on a thin piece of muslin, with another piece 
of muslin laid over it, forms the indispensable 'mustard plaster.' 
It is almost a specific for colic when applied for a few minutes 
over the 'pit of the stomach.' For all internal pains and con- 
gestions there is no remedy of such general utility. It acts as a 
counter-irritant by drawing the blood to the surface; hence in 
severe cases of croup a small mustard plaster should be applied 
to the back of the child's neck. The same treatment will relieve 
almost any case of headache. A mustard plaster should be 
moved about over the spot to be acted upon, for if left in one 
place it is liable to blister. A mustard plaster acts as well when 
at considerable distance from the affected part." 

"Common baking soda is the best of all remedies in cases of 
scalds and burns. It may be used on the surface of the burned 
place either dry or wet. When applied promptly, the sense of 
relief is magical. It seems to withdraw the heat and with it the 
pain, and the healing process soon commences. It is the best 
application for eruptions caused by poisonous ivy and other 
poisonous plants, as also for bites and stings of insects. Owing 
to colds, over-fatigue, anxiety and various other causes, the urine 
is often scanty, highly colored, and more or less loaded with 
phosphates which settle to the bottom of the vessel on cooling. 
As much soda as can be dipped up with a ten cent piece, dis- 
solved in half a glass of cold water and drank every three hours, 
will soon remedy the trouble." 

MANUFACTURE OF CAN.NON. 

Kruit's guns are the most famous in the world. His manu- 
factory is in Germany. It is the largest gun foundry in the 
world, being much more extensive and complete than the gov- 
ernment establishment of England, at Woolwich. It is able to 
complete each year from 3,(HKJ to 4,000 field and mountain guns, 
600 siege, fortress, nayal and coast guns, of light caliber, and 
100 heavy naval and coast guns. 

In making these guns the forging process requires vast arrange- 
ments on account of the immense weight of the pieces which are 
to bo handled, one of which sometimes weighs more than GO tons. 
The steam hammer now in use for this purpose weighs 50 tons, 
and has a stroke of 10 foot. Another hammer is now being con- 
structed of much greater efficiency, woighing about 150 tons, 
which will .ost o\c,r 10,1 nm,(KH ) marks ($2,500,000). 

Mountain guns are finished in two months after work on them 
is begun, while two years are required to manufacture a 16 inch 
gun of 35 calibers length. This apparently long time is made 
necessary by reason of the large surfaces that have to be worked 



««<! 




lOO 



a-TJ^Ein^riLE ihstbtjotor, 




over on a steel cannon of this description 55 feet long and weigh- 
ing 121 tons. 

PETROLEUM. 

How wonderful it is to find oil in the bowels of the earth ! If 
our grand-parents had been told, when they were young, that by 
boring in the earth oil could be found, they would have laughed 
with ridicule at the suggestion. But nothing is more common 
now in Pennsylvania For years this country has supplied the 
world with petroleum. Many people have made enormous for- 
tunes in the "oil regions" by their lucky discoveries. But the 
production of this oil is no longer confined to America. Russia 
has become an oil producing country. On the western shore of 
the Caspian Sea, at and in the neighborhood of Baku, the coun- 
try is pouring forth its treasures of oil in an extraordinary fash- 
ion. Wells have been bored there which yield astonishingly. 
They have found what are called "spouting wells " Some of 
these throw a torrent of petroleum to the hight of fifty feet or 
inore»in the air. This they will do for several days, until the 
extreme pressure is exhausted. 

These discoveries have caused Baku to grow with wonderful 
rapidity. A mercantile navy has grown on the Caspian Sea 
for the transportation of the oil. A pipe line is already planned 
to run the petroleum across to the Black Sea, a stretch of about 
five hundred miles. When it reaches that sea, the oil will have 
access to all of eastern Europe, and in fact to the markets of the 
world. When this is accomplished American petroleum will not 
have the free swing it has had. 

Whai will be the next great discovery in the earth? How lit- 
tle we know, with all our experience and boasted knowledge, 
concerning our mother earth and the wealth of elements which 
she contains! 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



kdev 



[Continued from page 89.) 
A LARGE amount of grain and other crops cere put in for 
■ii- a people situated as those in the valley were in the Spring 
of ]sis. The crops 'lid remarkably well considering the land 
was newly broken, until about the latter part of June, when 
the black crickets fell upon them. They committed dreadful 
havoc in the wheat and corn and vines, and for a while it 
seemed as if they would not leave anything of the crops. 
Men, women and children turned nut to fight them; but with 
all the help and energy they could muster, it seemed as if all 
their labors would be in vain. Yet the people persevered and 
were generally very cheerful. We look back at those days 
and admire the faith and serenity and confidence which God 
gave them. Think of their condition ' The food they brought 
with them almost exhausted, their grains and seeds all 
planted, they themselves twelve hundred miles from a settle- 
ment or place where they could get food on the east, and 
eight hundred mil'- from California, and the crickets eating 
up every green thing and every day destroying their sole 
means of 3 insistence for tin' month- and Winter ahead ! Who 
but tie- | '■ iple of God would not have quailed and murmured, 
and probably fled at such a prospect ? Vet if any had fear or 

-, or repining if was but little known. The people were 
hopeful, and relied upon God to aid and deliver them; and 
they were not disappointed. At the time when the prospects 

to appear most gloomy, and all human power seemed 
u- 1 •--. ti.'- - i gulls 'Mm" in flocks, visited the Gelds, pounced 
upon the crickets and devoured them. They killed and ate 
until they were tilled, then vomited and ate again. On Sun- 
day the Gelds were deserted by the people, who devoted the 
day to worship. This was a feast day for the gulU— they 
devoured without let or hindrance. ( ir, Monday morning, on 



visiting the fields, the people found on the edges of the water 
ditches, the place where the crickets were always the most 
numerous, pile after pile of dead crickets which had been 
eaten by the gulls, and then vomited when they were full. 

This is a story of a most wonderful deliverance, briefly told 
and without embellishment. The bare recital of the facts is 
sufficient to afford much food for thought to those who reflect. 
It is another instance of the simple means which God fre- 
quently uses to bring to pass His great purposes. In the visit 
of these gulls the Saints saw the hand of God ; to them it 
was as apparent as the feeding of Elijah by ravens. He con- 
trolled and directed the instinct of these birds, led them from 
the element on and in which they were accustomed to find their 
sustenance to the spot where they could be of service to His 
people and the accomplishment of His designs. This work 
completed, they returned to their natural element — the water. 
And yet who but the Saints think there was any providence 
in this? Men would willingly credit the fowls for the won- 
derful work they performed, or say it was natural they should 
seek for food wherever they could find it, or that it was a 
lucky chance or accident that they did find and devour the 
crickets ; but would they acknowledge that God sent the birds 
there, or took any interest in their going there? There are 
very few persons outside the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints who would do so. Yet doubters and scof- 
fers say, "Show us a miracle that we may believe. If God 
is a God who works miracles in these days, we want to see 
one and then we will believe." The mighty works which God 
does perform, they deny, and say "we will not believe that to 
be from Him." 

The wheat, corn and other crops were tolerably good, 
and all united in pronouncing the land the best they ever saw 
for wheat. On the 10th of August the people of the valley 
met in the bowery in the Fort to celebrate their harvest. It 
was a joyful time. A most excellent dinner, comprised of a 
great variety of food, and all produced in the valley, was pre- 
pared and eaten. There was prayer and thanksgiving, the 
firing of cannon, music and dancing and loud shouts of 
Hosannah to God aud the Limb, in which all present joined 
in unison. Dancing was a recreation which had been indulged 
in to some extent during the preceding Winter. As is the 
custom among the Saints at present, dances were opened and 
closed with prayer, and the people danced with a zest and 
vigor that plainly showed they were happy and thankful in 
the new circumstances in which they were placed. 

I'ntil the return of President Young to the valley the 
people generally lived in the forts ; no one had attempted to 
build on acy of the city lots. Indeed, with the exception of 
those taken up by the pioneers, they had not been claimed. 
At a meeting held a few days after the arrival of Presidents 
Young and Kimball in the valley, they were appointed to 
apportion the city lots to applicants. At that meeting leave 
was also granted to build on the lots that Fall (IS-lS); but a 
rule was adopted by vote that all buildings in the city be 
erected at least twenty feet from the sidewalk. At a subse- 
quent meeting it was voted that a land record should be kept 
by a clerk, and that (1.50 should be paid for each lot — one 
dollar to the surveyor, and fifty cents to the clerk for record- 
ing. President Young proposed building a council house by 
tithing labor; also the plan of casting lots for the farming 
land; he also suggested bringing the waters of Big Cotton- 
wood creek on the east of the big field to this city by a canal, 
which would make one line of fenot 

( 1o he Continued. ) 



J- XT "VIE !£T I LIE IUSTBUCTOB, 



101 




DESERET S. S. UNION MEETING. 




THE regular monthly meeting of the Deseret Sunday 
School Union was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, 
March 3rd, 1884. There were present, on the stand, General 
Superintendents George Q. Cannon, George Goddard and 
John Morgan; Stake Superintendents John C. Cutler and 
Thomas E. Taylor, Counselor Joseph E. Taylor, Superinten- 
dents of Sunday schools and others. 

Meeting opened with music by the Seventh Ward Brass 
Band, led by Brother John W. Andrew, and singing by the 
Seventh Ward Choir, led by Brother William Foster. Prayer 
was offered by Superintendent William Asper. 

Superintendent William McLachlan reported the seventh 
Ward Sabbath school. He never knew it to be in a better 
condition. There were 210 pupils enrolled, and 26 officers 
and teachers. The last four Sundays nearly every teacher had 
been puncually on time at the opening of school. The organiza- 
tion of officers was com plete. They administered the sacrament 
in the school with good results. 

According to previous announcement, Brother Goorge M. 
Ottinger delivered a brief lecture on the Book of Mormon. 
He noticed of late a growing interest in this divine record. 
He considered it part of the basis of our religious superstruc- 
ture, and as such it was generally attacked by our opponents. 
A great deal had been written to establish the Bible as an 
inspired record; but not so with the Book of Mormon, which 
was one of the most important books in the world. On 
account of ignorance, all kind of abuse had been heaped upon 
its translator. But the researches of travelers and scientific 
men, siuce its publication, had brought to light many evi- 
dences to establish its authenticity. The speaker gave a brief 
synopsis of what it contained, and called attention to four 
important events which it records as having transpired upon 
this continent, namely, the landing of the Jaredites, of L°hi 
and his family, of Mulek and his colony and the coming of 
the Savior. He then produced evidences from secular history 
to prove the tru h of these statements. He concluded by 
recommending several historical works for the perusal of 
students of Book of Mormon history, as guides in their 
researches for evidence with which to arm themselves for its 
defense. 

Sisters Rosa E Idington and Et.ta James, two of Brother 
E. Stephens' pupils, sang a duet composed by their teacher. 

Brother Jos. J. Daynes rendered a selection on the organ. 

A few remarks were offered by counselor Joseph E. Taylor, 
who expressed pleasure in hearing the lecture that was deliv- 
ered. He suggested that mutual improvement associations 
of the Stake invite Brother Ottinger to repeat his lecture in 
their meetings. 

A beautiful piece was played by the brass band. 

General Superintendent George Q. Cannon said he was 
pleased to see the improvement in the musical exercises of 
these meetings. He regretted that the practice of saying 
'Amen," aloud, at the close of a prayer or sermon was so 
neglected of late, and suggested that the children be taught 
to respond with 'Amen" at the close of a prayer, thus show- 
ing that they accorded with the sentiments expressed. He 
referred to the lecture of Brother Ottinger. To him it was 
remarkable that so much evidence could be found to establish 
the truths contained in the Biok of Mormon. He had been 
delighted while visiting David Whitmer, a t'cvr days since, 
to see the characters which had been transcribed from the 
plates from which the Book of .Mormon was translated. 



It was announced that Brother A. C. Smyth's singing class 
would furnish music for the next meeting. 

An ai th;m was excellently rendered by the choir. 
Benediction by Brother William Willes. 



NEVER BE DISCOURAGED. 



A STORY FOR BOYS AND GIRLS. 



BY J. H. W. 



/"ANE of the most successful men of the age is said to have 
^ early learned one of the most important lessons of his 
life in the following manner: 

In a remote field of his father's farm stood an old oak tree. 
On the top of this tree, for years, an old eagle had built her 
nest every year and unmolested raised her young. What is 
remarkable, this tree stood full ten miles from the sea-shore. 
It had long been known as the "Old Eagle Tree." 

One warm, sunny day some workmen were hoeing corn in 
an adjoining field. At a certain hour of the day the old eatrle 
was known to set off for the sea-side to gather food for her 
young. As she, this day, returned with a large fish in her 
claws, the workmen surrounded the tree, and by yelling, hoot- 
ing and throwing stones, so scared the poor bird that she 
dropped the fish and they carried it off in triumph. The men 
soon dispersed, but the boy and his comrade sat under a bush 
to watch and bestow unavailing re,arets. The eaglets at once 
set up a cry for food so shrill, so clear and so clamorous that 
the boys were greatly moved. The old bird seemed to try 
to soothe them; but their appetites were keen and it was all 
in vain. She then perched herself on a limb near them, and 
looked down into the nest with a look that seemed to say, "I 
know not what to do next." But her indecision was momen- 
tary. Again she poised herself, uttering one or two sharp 
notes as if telling them to "be still," balanced hec body, 
spread her wings and was again for the sea. The boys now 
determined to see the result. Their eyes followed her until 
she grew small, smaller — a mere speck in the sky — and then 
disappeared. She was gone nearly two hours, about double 
her usual time for a voyage, when she again returned on a 
slow, weary wing, flying uncommonly low in order to have a 
heavier atmosphere to sustain her, with another fish in her 
talons. On neariog the field she made a circuit around to see 
if her enemies were there again. Finding the coast clear she 
once more reached the tree, drooping, faint and evidently 
exhausted. Again the eaglets set up their ciy which was 
soon hushed by the distribution of a dinner such as, save 
cooking, a king might admire. 

Glorious bird ! thought the boys, what perseverance under 
difficulties! Other birds can sing more sweetly, others can 
scream more loudly; but what other bird, when persecuted 
and robbed, when weary and discouraged, and so far from the 
sea, would have done as that eagle did? In that hour they 
learned a lesson which one of them, at least, has not forgot- 
ten. When the spirit is determined it can do almost any- 
thing. Others would have drooped the head and mourned 
over the cruelty of man, and sighed over the wants of the 
nestlings; but that eagle, by pluck and perseverance, tri- 
umphed in the end. Lot other boys and girls also learn a 
lesson from that noble bird. L3t them set their mark high, 
and try to do something and be something in the world, and 
never yield to discouragement. 





103 



O-TJ^TE^rinLiE IITSTE/UOTOB. 



NEW YEAR'S EVE IN LIVER- 
POOL. 



BY AN OLD FRIEND TO THE JUVENILES. 




OF all the noisy parts of old Liverpool perhaps but 
few localities are more noisy than 42 Islington, from 
where I now write. The tram cars pass along the street on 
one side of the house almost every minute in the day and 
until a late hour at night, and omnibuses pass at frequent 
intervals along the street on the other side. Besides these 
there are vehicles of all other grades in use here, from the 
vegetable cart, portable coffee boiler, or potato roaster, 
drawn by a diminutive donkey, up to the heaviest kind of a 
van, including the handsome four-wheeled cabs and the elabor- 
ate hearses passing to and fro, rumbling over the stone pave- 
ment and making the house shake with the jar they produce. 
The street organ or piano adds its tuneful strains occasionally 
to swell the discord, and amateur performers on cornets, tin 
whistles and concertinas add their mites. Passing pedestrians, 
too, take license to sing, hoot and add all the noise they please 
to the general confusion, and among the whole of these they 
manage to make the hubbub tolerably complete. This con- 
tinues on an average from eighteen to twenty hours out of the 
twenty-four, though worse at some times than at others. It 
usually commences about half past four o'clock in the morn- 
ing, but at that time the noise consists chiefly of the clatter 
of the feet of passing workmen, the crying of papers in an 
unintelligible jargon by early news-boys and the passing of an 
occasional vehicle. The noise increases from that time on as 
the day advances and seldom begins to subside until mid- 
night. 

It is rather hard on weak nerves, and a person has to become 
used to it to sleep amidst all this racket, but I am not quite 
sure that a little noise does not tend to make me sleep now. 
An unusual noise, however, will waken me. For instance, I 
went out to Ashton, a Lancashire town which is celebrated for 
>tton manufactures, awhile ago, and I was aroused there 
at a very early hour in the morning by a tapping noise on the 
outside of the upper story windows, and soon afterwards kept 
awake by the incessant clatter of clogs on the stone pavement 
as factory hands passed on their way to work. I afterwards 
learned that th.' first noise I heard was produced by a profes- 
sional "waker np," who is employed by the inhabitants of the 
town, who work in the factories, at so much per week to come 
around and knock on their windows with a long stick as a 
warning that it is time to get up. The «ame custom prevails 
in a great many other towns in this country aud also on the 
continent. 

But I commenced writing about the noises here in Liver- 
pool, and I was going to remark that the tumult last niL-ht — 
New Year's eve — was a little worse than I ever heard it before. 
In fact. ii-.-. 1 to it though I am, I found it impossible to sleep 
after retiring, and BO, in company with two companions, I 
and went out on the Btreet to see what could be the 
meaning of the tumult. The scene presented was more like 
that of early twilight than midnight^xcept that many of 
the shops were closed. The Mreets were thronged with men, 
women, boys, L'irk little children and not a few babies in 
arms, and some of them bareheaded at that, passing in all 
directions, laughing, chattintr. singing and yelling from sheer 
exuberance of spirit.-. Thinking perhaps there might be a 
midnight service going on at the cathedral, we made our way 



in that direction, and, with difficulty, too, for as we approached 
Church Street we found the way jammed, the streets literally 
packed with human beings, and ever and anon they would 
come surging along like a huge wave driving us forward or 
backward in spite of all our efforts to withstand them. A 
rollicking, good humor seemed to pervade the crowd and they 
jostled one another without anyone losing his temper. In 
fact, it was the best-natured crowd, for the size of it, I think 
I ever saw. Occasionally a few masqueraders, dresssed in 
grotesque style, or persons with their faces blacked and bear- 
ing mimic banners or dilapidated umbrellas, with others fol- 
lowing them tooting away on various instruments in the most 
discordant manner, and beating on drums, tin cans or any- 
thing else that would add to the noise, were to be seen march- 
ing along in burlesque imitation of the Salvation Army. At 
sight of these the hilarity of the crowd knew no bounds. 
They yelled and laughed until they drowned the noise of the 
church-bells entirely. 

On, on we went through the crowd thinking there must 
certainly be some purpose in this gathering and we would be 
able to find out what it was; but, if there was any, we failed 
to find it out, nor do I yet know it. There was a very gen- 
eral shaking of hands carried on in the crowd, but it did not 
seem to be confined to acquaintances. A good deal of hug- 
ging and other demonstrations of affection, and not a little 
drinking from bottles, were visible on the street ; even women, 
and well-dressed women at that, turned up bottles and drank 
their contents with all the nonchalance of the most reckless 
men. 

Such was New Year's eve in Liverpool; and, though I saw 
nothing of the doings after one o'clock, I heard th<> noise on 
the street until almost daylight. I have been told that such 
is the usual manner in which the new year is welcomed in 
Liverpool; and, I am informed by a friend who spent the 
first night of the new year in Glasgow, that the carnival there 
assumed the nature of a general drinking bout and hand- 
shaking, the streets being packed with people as they were 
here in Liverpool. The striking of the hour of twelve was 
the signal for the breaking of the necks of bottles in the 
streets, and then everybody and his friends had to take a 
drink. 

Thank the Lord such customs do not prevail in Utah. 




COVENANT-BREAKINft. 



BY DANIEL TYLER. 

1WAS not present at the casting out of the evil spirits 
from Joseph Hunting, related in the last number of the 
Juvenile Instructor, but heard all of the incidents related 
by different parties who were present. I also boarded, some 
months subsequently, at Doctor Newcomb's, where the tor- 
mented man lived with his aged mother and sister, the latter 
being the wife of l>r. Newcoinb. Previous to going there to 
board, however, I had been told that Sister Hunting, the 
mother of Joseph, had resumed her practice of smoking and 
tea-drinking, and fears were entertained that, as this was a 
violation of a sacred covenant, the evil spirits would return. 
I soon found the statement true that Sister Hunting smoked 
tobacco and drank tea, and, if I mistake not, Sister Ncwcomb 
also indulged in the use of the latter beverage. 



w 




38 



CTTJ'VlIS^riLEl IN-STBTJOTOB, 



103 



One day, while working with Brother Simon Dykes in the 
hay field near the house, a member of the family came run- 
ning and informed us that Joseph was crazy again, and threat- 
ening the lives of the family. We arrived at the house just 
in time to arrest his violence. As we entered, Brother Dykes 
told the maniac to be still, whereupon he became more enraged 
and used some most horrid oaths. At this his mother 
remarked, "Why, Joseph, you should not swear." I shall 
never forget the look he gave her as he replied, "Mother, I 
will swear as long as you smoke and drink tea." The mother 
felt the rebuke and abandoned, for a time, her evil habits. 

The insane man, after the scathing rebuke to his mother, 
gathered the andirons from the fire-place, one in each hand, 
to kill, as he had threatened he would, Eider Dykes, Always 
during his affliction he had the strength of two able-bodied, 
athletic men. As he raised the andiron with his right hand 
and advanced with deadly intent. Elder Djkessaid, "Joseph, 
I command you, in the name of the Lord, to be still." He 
halted and, in a subdued tone, said, "Don't you say that, 
don't you say that; " when the Elder said "I will," and in 
the name of Jesus Christ rebuked the evil spirits and com- 
manded them to come out of hiui. Immediately he laid down 
the andirons, and, like a little child, as he was in his mind 
when not under evil influences, he asked forgiveness and again 
went to work. From that time there was no further trouble 
with him until the family again violated the Word of Wis- 
dom, when, remarkable to say, as they gradually ce ised to 
regard their sacred covenants, so gradually did also the evil 
spirits begin to manifest themselves, until, as I was informed, 
they threw off all restraint and "the end of that man was 
worse than the beginning." 

Dr. Newcomb and wife came to Salt Lake about 1S50, after 
their apostasy, and visited Sister Tyler and myself. They 
iuformed us that Joseph was worse than ever, and said it 
would be a relief to them if, on their return, they should 
learn that he was dead. 



I ONCE WAS PURE.* 



BY S. B. RUSSELL. 



I love to visit the silent city of the dead, 

To wander in its lonely streets and stand beside 

Those dwellings from whence comes no sound 

Of joy and mirth, of pain or strife, 

To look upon the tokens of undying love placed there 

By hearts that soon must follow those they mourn; 

To see the flowers that spring, untended. there, 

Save by the angels' hands — the grass and flowers 

That live, and fade, and die. 

'Tis emblem of mortality that live to die, 

But die that they may live again. 

Here bitter foes sleep side by side, 

No sound of discord or of hatred now: 

Here rests the babe, called back ere sin had marred 

Or blotted out one trace of heaven; 

The youths whose, hop'-* and aims in life were high, 

Cut down, their work unfinished waits for other hands: 

And aged ones whose feet had trod life's winding way 

I'nto the end, and calmly welcomed the time of rest. 

Oft have I wandered there, where the dead sleep 

Their last long, dreamless sleep 

And when the moonbeams rested calmly upon them, 

While in my rambles 1 listened to a story: 

A man with head low bowed and faltering step 

Drew ne:ir a little grave where 1 then stood 

Tracing bv the dim twilight on a simple slab: 

"MariHii gone to heaven," knelt there and thus 

In trembling accents spoke: 

"I once was pure — this brow once shono with 

Innocence, and truth as thine, my child, 

When hist I looked upon thee; 

Awarded second prize by the Juvenile Enstructob Office. 



Now sin and remorseful agony have set their seal 

Upon it, and I shudder when I gaze upon the change — 

The wreck and ruin of my manhood. 

Look on these hands that once were raised 

Morning and eve to heaven in prayer; 

Now when I try to pray my deeds come up 

And mock my soul to madness, 

For the prayers were changed to curses, 

And innocence to crime. 

Oh, T would give my heart's last drop 

Could I but say I now am pure, 

And the path I trod was one of truth and honor! 

Once smiles greeted all my comings, and 

Blessings followed in my footsteps; 

Once a home was mine with all the dear 

And sacred ties that heart of man could ask: 

I bartered these for sin, for shame and misery, 

The tempter came in an unguarded hour 

And held the wine-cup to my lips — 

I drank, thirsted for more and drank again. 

And yet again deeper, still deeper, till the fiend 

Had bound me with strong fetters and robbed 

Me of my all. 

"I left the home where now I brought but 
Shame and misery, and strangers till the place 
Where once I reigned in joy and happiness — 
I left the ones whose eyes had ne'er grown weary 
In their watch for me, nor hands had 
Faltered in their care and labor — 
Left them to tread life's desert path through thorns 
That I had planted for their feet, 
For sin makes cowards of its victims, 
And I could not bear to look upon the desolation 
I had wrought. 

"I've been a wanderer many 
Weary years, enjoying not one hour of peace; 
And now I have come back again — 
Have sought and found my treasures here, 
All, all save one, but no, 'tis only 
Dust lies here, the faces that have smiled 
Upon me in those happy years now 
Beckon from a brighter home, 
And whisper: 'Come, we're waiting for you,' 
And one in yonder cot through all these years 
Has watched, and prayed, and kept for me 
Her love and blessing — 
My mother! oh words sound cold and 
Meaningless when I would speak of thee!" 
Now as he had come, so he arose 
And passed, after one lingering look, 
Out from among the sleepers, 
And all unbidden, I arose and followed him. 
His steps were bent towards a little cot, 
Half hidden in the trees, 
And as he neared the gate an aged form 
Came forth with faltering step, but eager 
Welcome to her heart and home. 
I saw her hand upon his furrowed brow, 
As trying to smooth out those marks of woe, 
I heard their mingled prayers for strength, 
Then his for pardon, and from her a blessing 
On her boy returned to her and to the better way; 
Then from my heart arose a prayer for him, 
That strength and light be given to find 
And keep the path from which his feet had 
Strayed, and that reclaimed, redeemed, 
He yet again might say: "I now am pure." 

Oh God, save our land from this withering curse, 
Than famine and pestilence, worse, O far worse! 
Send these or send earthquakes till earth reels again, 
But oh, let mankind in true manhood remain. 

We can givo unto death, though with deep, bitter pain, 
For we know we will find them in heaven again; 
But oh, save our loved from the fiend of the cup. 
And from the deep woe which its victims must sup. 

We can bear to look down on the still, sleeping face 
When but pain at the parting within us has place; 
When remembrance is sweet, and no shadow of shame 
E'er cast its foul blight on our dear one's fair name. 

But to look on Thine imago when reason's laid low, 
And drowned in the wine cup's fierce, seething flow 
Is anguish unspeakable, soul-blighting woe, 
Which none but the strickon ones ever can know. 

Save us from this curse, and our soul's thanks shall rise 
On the wings of the morning high up to tho skies; 
Ami thanksgiving in Zion in sweet songs shall ring 
With praise to our God, our Father and King. 






104 



JUYEITILB IITSTRUCTOB. 




GEORGE Q,. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




FAITH IN GOD THE TRUE BASIS OF EDUCATION — SCHOOL 
TAXATION AND SECULAR EDUCATION — THE ADVANTAGE 
OF TEACHING RELIGION— DECEPTIVE STATEMENTS 
RESPECTING THE OBJECT OF CERTAIN SCHOOLS IN 
UTAH. 

DUCATION is a subject upon which con- 
siderable can be said. There is no people 
upon the earth to whom education is of 
more importance than to the Latter-day 
Saints in these mountains. Proper edu- 
cation will make a generation who, by their 
words and deeds, will bring glory to God 
andhonorand renown to themselves. Improp- 
?#~^3 er education will in all probability destroy 
the souls of those who receive it. For the chil- 
dren of Latter-day Saints we know no higher or 
better education than that which lays the foun- 
dation in their minds of faith in God and in His 
great work. There is no amount of learning or 
-kill that can make up for the absence of this. Give a 
JT^ \ young minora young woman the best education that 
"/\'Sk can b3 obtained in the highest universities and col- 

I'rl, 

y X leges, and leave out faith in God and in His ever- 
lasting gospel, and it is destitute of its chief value 
and charm. Where children of Latter-day Saints have 
gained what they call education, and lost their faith in the 
process of acquiring it, we have lost interest in them. Of 
what value are they to the cause of God ? One man of zeal- 
ous faith, though he may be uneducated, is worth, for the 
building up of the kingdom of < rod, any number of them. 

Hence, it is of the first importance that we should have 
men of faith as teachers of our children. There is so much 
unbelief in the world that every child should be taught, as a 
part of its education, the principles of the gospel ; they 
should be made familiar with the printed word of God con- 
tained in the Bible, the Book of Mormon and the Book of 
Doctrine and Covenants. But if our schoolsare made what are 
called "free schools," how can this be done? or, if they are 
made partly free, how tan it be done? If schools become either 
free or partly free, it must be, situated as we are at present, by 
taxation. Not only arc Latter-day Saints taxed, but othcis 
who are opposed to the Latter-day Saints, and who do not 
believe in their doctrines, are also taxed. AX" ill they consent 
for their taxes to be devoted to sustaining schools in which our 
principles are taught? Assuredly not. What, then, is the 
result of taxation for school purposes? This is the result 
by levying and collecting this tax, all religion is excluded from 
the schools ; no religious book is used, no religious tenets are 
taught, but the whole course of study is secular, and God is 
remove-! from the thoughts of the teacher and the pupils. 
Even prayer to Hiui is abolished. 

What a horrible condition for Latter-day Saints to place 
themselves and their children in ! Thiuk of it, you parents 
who have sacrificed your Jl, time and again, for your relig- 
ion ! 



"But," it may be asked, "is this really the result which 
will attend taxation for school purposes?" 

It certainly is in those schools which derive any help from 
the fund thus collected. 

Let us look at this from another point of view. Suppose 
the Catholics were in the majority in Utah, and they had 
enacted a law by which all citizens who had property in the 
Territory were taxed a certain amount for the support of the 
public schools, would we think it fair for them to use that 
fund to sustain schools which taught their doctrines? Even 
if we did not send our children to the public schools, we should 
not like the fund we helped to raise to be used for any such 
purpose. We would say: "We will teach our children our 
own doctrines and we will maintain the schools ourselves ; and 
you, Catholics, should do the same, and not use our taxes to 
help your schools." 

The only fair way, therefore, where schools are supported 
by general taxation is for them to be kept free from all relig- 
ious influences, as they now are in this Territory, so that if an 
Infidel, or a Protestant, or a Jew, or a Latter-day Saint should 
send his children to school they would not be taught any doc- 
trine to which their parents would be opposed. This is the 
condition in which our public schools are now placed by the 
system of taxation which prevails under the law. 

Now, the Catholics are opposed to the "free school" sys- 
tem. They do not believe in taxing for the support of schools, 
because they do not believe in secular education. They believe 
in their religion, and they know the importance of teaching 
it to their children in school. It is very seldom, therefore, 
that Catholic children go to the public schools. They go to schools 
of their own, where the teachers are Catholics, where the text 
books are Catholic and where the whole course of study is so 
framed as to establish in the children a belief in and love for 
that religion. In this they are wise. In this Territory the 
Episcopalians, the Presbyterians, the Methodists and the 
Baptists do the same. They all have schools, and they all 
strive to make their pupils believe in their doctrines. There 
are some who call themselves Latter-day Saints who pretend 
to believe that this is not so, and that they can seud their 
children to these schools without any danger of their losing 
their faith in the gospel. 

A Latter-day Saint who does this is either unfit to be a 
Latter-day Saint, or to have children. If he knows better, 
and only pretends to believe that his children are safe in going 
to such schools, he is a hypocrite and unworthy to have a stand- 
ing in the Church; but if, on the other hand, he is so ignorant as 
notto knowthedanger to which beexposjs his children by send- 
ing them to such schools, he is unfit to have the precious souls of 
children entrusted to his care. No man of common sense, who 
will use his brains, can possibly think that these people come to 
Utah and open schools merely for the sake of giving our chil- 
dren an education. It is worse than folly to think so. Their 
object is to proselyte the children, to wean them from the 
faith of their parents. If any doubt this let them look at the 
children who have been taught in their schools, and see how 
much faith they havj left. If the object of establishing these 
schools in Utah is nnhj the education of the children, why go 
there to find pupils? Are there no children needing education 
elsewhere? In the city where we happen to be while we are 
writing this article — Chicago— we have met children by the 
score, in this horribly disagreeable weather, begging for 
money to buy food — poor, wretched, starving, thinly-clad 
creatures, without education, and what is worse, without food 
ai.d clothing and comfortable homes. Vice is written in their 



.vG<2& 



m 



m 



CrTT^rZElSriLIE] IITSTBUOTOB, 



105 




faces and exhibits itself in all their surroundings. Here is the 
place to do good, if education is alone the object, and not in 
Utah. 



JACKALS ATTACKING A 
LEOPARD. 



IT is a remarkable fact that every creature is provided with 
some means of protecting itself from the attacks of its 



enemies ; and it is interesting to us to observe the peculiar 
means to which each animal resorts for protection. The wis- 
dom of the Creator is beautifully displayed in the wonderful 
instincts with which lie has endowed the various creatures of 
the animal kingdom. Doubtless there is not a creature but 
what has a foe to whose attacks it is often exposed ; and yet 
there is not a creature but what has an effective way of secur- 
ing itself from the attacks of its particular enemy. As differ- 
ent creatures have different foes to contend with, so their 
modes of defense vary, hence, the ways of obtaining protec- 






■?■■ 



106 



O'TT'VIEIsriXjIE] IUSTRTJOTOB. 



«•• 




tion possessed by the several orders of animals are very numer- 
ous and dissimilar. For instance, many of the higher order 
of animals, such as horses, cattle, deer, buffalo and others, 
depend for safety upon their swiftness in flight. Some others, 
such as the lion, tiger, jaguar aud others of the same family 
are so ferocious that they are seldom attacked, except by man ; 
and even he, wheu well armed, finds it a dangerous business to 
hunt these formidable creatures. Such ponderous animals as 
the elephant, rhinoceros and hippopotamus are able to defend 
themselves by their great strength. But there are many 
creatures that are not able to protect themselves by flight nor 
by their mu cular power. Some of these are furnished with 
very peculiar means with which to guard themselves. The 
porcupine, for example, is covered with sharp quills which 
serve very effectually to protect it. The hedgehog, a small 
animal that is common in Europe, is clothed with spines, 
which can be thrown erect, at the will of the animal ; it also 
has power to roll itself into a ball by bringing its head, tail 
and paws together. When assailed, it assumes this position ; 
it is then almost impossible for its foes to unroll it, as it pre- 
sents nothing but pointed spines from all sides. 

The snail and the tortoise again can draw themselves within 
their shells at the approach of danger. The shell of the 
latter is so strong that it takes a tremendous weight to 
eni-h it. 

At the bottom of the ocean there are hundreds of varieties 
of -hell-fish, all of which are securely protected in their 
pearly dwellings. 

There is a species of fish called the cuttle-fish, which dis- 
charges from its mouth a black fluid, thus discoloring the 
water surrounding it, so that it cannot be seen by its pur- 
suer. 

Many birds, insects and quadrupeds are enabled to conceal 
themselves among the leaves and foliage of the trees and 
vegetation in which they live. It is a providential circum- 
stance that the color of these creatures harmonizes with the 
tints of the vegetation with which they are surrounded. Birds 
of the most brilliant plumage are generally found in tropical 
climes, where the foliage is always of a bright color, while the 
appearance of our snowbirds and sparrows very much resem- 
bles the color of the bare branches of the trees in which they flit 

about. 

Some tribes of men in Africa seem to take advantage of 
this mode of concealing themselves where they will not be 
recogni/.ed from their surroundings. A story is told of some 
of these black skinned natives of the "dark continent" being 
pur.-ued by white men. When they reached a place where 
there were some trees and brush that had been burned, and 
Icing screened for the moment from their pursuers by an 
intervening hill, thev at once assumed positions to resemble 
the trunks and broken branches of trees. Some stood up in 
as crooked a position as possible while others lay on their 
buck- with their feel and hind- raised. When tho-e in pur- 
suit arrived upon the spot they were at a loss to know how 
- had disappeared. They therefore resolved to 
lake a rest and one of the number took off his hat and placed 
it ui .n what he Bupposed to be a charred branch of a tree. 
.-hi imagine his surprise when he found it to be the 
■I (he negroes whom he was alter. The native 
' not refrain from laughing at the effectual deception 
practi ied, an ) thus their scheme was frustrated. 

It is impossible to describe all the ways which our Heavenly 

Father has provided for the animal kingdom to protect thetn- 

from danger. If we will study the works of nature we 



will find many evidences of the wisdom and goodness of the 
Creator. 

But we have said nothing in regard to the subject chosen for 
this sketch. In the engraving we see a pack of jackals, eying very 
savagely the movements of the leopard, which has sprung upon 
the branch of a tree to get out of tbeir reach. They have probably 
chased the leopard until he is nearly exhausted, and has sought 
refuge by mounting the tree. It seems a bold undertaking 
for animals like these to attack one that is so much stronger 
and ferocious. But it sometimes happens that such animals 
will unite in great numbers to chase down and kill a tiger or 
leopard. The latter animals prey upon smaller and less power- 
ful ones, hence the weaker party sometimes assembles in a large 
body to get rid of an enemy by running him to death. 
Although a tiger is able to withstand the attack of any single 
animal, yet when assailed by a body of comparatively weak 
creatures it at once takes to flight for security. This plainly 
illustrates the principle that there is great strength in unity. 
A leopard is able to destroy any number of jackals if they are 
not united ; but when they confederate to oppose him, he 
must yield. The strength of the Latter-day Saints as a people 
lies in their unity. Were it not for this they would be a weak 
and in-ignificant handful of people, but as it is they are 
dreaded by the world because they are so united. 



n *» — «-< 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



CAUL UPON DAVID WHITMER — TEIE MANUSCRIPT OF THE BOOK 
OF MORMON — COPT OF THE CHARACTERS FROM THE 
PLATES — VISIT TO INDEPENDENCE. 

OX my return from my visit to the East I took the opportun- 
ity of calling at Richmond, Ray County, Missouri, to see the 
last surviving witness of the three to whom the angel exhib- 
ited the plates of the Book of Mormon— David Whitmer. 

From Kansas City I took train for Lexington Junction, and 
there changed cars for Richmond. Upon arriving at the sta- 
tion I inquired of a gentleman who was standing there if he 
knew Mr. Whitmer. He told me that his son, David J. 
Whitmer, would be there presently, as he owned the omnibus 
which carried passengers from the station to the hotels. In a 
short time the omnibus drove up, and the gentleman of whom 
I had made the inquiry pointed Mr. Whitmer out to me. I 
found him very courteous, and upon informing him who I was 
he appeared to have been expecting me, having heard through 
some of the papers that I was intending to make such a visit. 
He said his father was growing very feeble and he did not like 
to have him interviewed, but be would arrange for me to see 
him as soon as he could. 

I drove to the hotel and after dinner Mr. Whitmer called 
upon me and conducted me to the residence of his father. On 
our way there he pointed out the track of a cyclone which 
had visited the town in 1*7K, and which had left (heir house, 
or rather the room in which the manuscript of the Book of Mor- 
mon was kept, in such a condition as to astonish all the people. 
The roof of the house was blown off; but nothing in this room 
was disturbed. The glass was not even broken. This was a 
cause of astonishment (o ihe neighborhood, and the family 
evidently ascribe the protection of the room and its contents 
to the fact of the manuscript being there. 



^W 





CTTT'VElIDsrilLiEi I3STSTKTJCTOB, 



107 




David Whitmer, who was born in January, 1805, is growing 
feeble, but his mind is bright and apparently unimpaired. He 
is rather slender now and probably stood in his early man- 
hood five feet ten or perhaps five feet eleven inches in hight. 
I noticed in shaking hands with him that the thumb of his 
right hand is missing and the hand has a long scar in the center 
from some injury that he had received. His hair is thin and 
he is rather bald. His nose is aquiline. His eyes black, or a 
dark brown. I noticed a slight German accent or tone in his 
talk. The Whitmer family is of German origin, his mother, 
I believe, having been born on the Rhine. He has evidently 
been a man who in his prime must have been quite interest- 
ing, and, I should think, fine looking. I was shown a likeness 
of his, painted in oil, when he was thirty-two years old. This 
makes him appear as handsome, of marked features, rather 
Jewish looking, with a head of thick hair inclined to curl. 

After some little conversation he inquired of me if I would 
like to see the manuscript, and gave his son a key and told 
him to bring it in. I found it wonderfully well preserved, 
written in different hand-writings. He says they are the writ- 
ings of Oliver Cowdery, Emma Smith, Martin Harris, and, 
perhaps, some of it that of his brother Christian, who assisted 
the Prophet Joseph. This is the manuscript, Mr. Whitmer 
says, from which the printers set the type of the Book of 
Mormon, and he pointed to me where it had been cut for con- 
venience as "copy." I noticed some printers' marks on the 
manuscript. Still it seemed unusually clean for "copy" that 
printers had handled. I commented upon the cleanness of 
the manuscript, and he explained that it was in consequence 
of the care taken of it by Oliver Cowdery in watching it while 
in the printer's hands. It was fastened together not as a 
whole, but a few sheets — probably not more than a dozen — 
with woolen yarn, which he said was his mother's. I exam- 
ined this manuscript with great interest and with a feeling of 
reverence. How many associations cluster around this ! What 
wonderful changes have occurred since the few who were 
interested in this work labored in its preparation under the 
direction of the Prophet! Everything connected with the 
work then was in the future. Their minds were filled with 
anticipation concerning the greatness of the work the founda- 
tion of which they were assisting to lay. But how little con- 
ception after all, probably, these men had, with the exception 
of Joseph, of the wonderful character of the work to be 
accomplished. Thoughts like these passed through my mind 
while looking at this manuscript. 

But there was a paper with this, which, if anything, was 
still more interesting than the mauuscript. It was the char- 
acters drawn by Joseph himself from the plates for Martin 
Hatris to take to show the learned professors, so wonderfully 
predicted in the 29th chapter of Isaiah. There were seven 
lines of these characters, the first four being about twice as 
large in size as the last three. In English Joseph had written 
over the lines the word "characters." He had spelled this 
word, "caractors." Though these characters had evidently 
been written for a long time, they were as clear and distinct as 
though jut penned. Here was the very paper which Isaiah saw 
in vision about 2,600 years before, and which he called "the 
words of a book." How wonderfully God in His own way 
brings to pass the fulfillment of the predictions of his 
servants! To the ordiuary person it might seem like a trifling 
thing to copy these characters and send them "to one that is 
learned;" but it was of sufficient importance in the mind of 
the Lord for him to inspire his servant Isaiah to exactly 
describe the occurrence. This shows how much importance 



the Lord attached to these details connected with the founda- 
tion of this work and the coming forth of the Book of Mor- 
mon. 

David Whitmer told me he was plowing when Joseph and 
Oliver came to him to speak about his being one of the wit- 
nesses. He already knew that the Lord had promised to show 
the plates to three witnesses. Joseph then informed him that 
he was chosen to be one of the three. They went out and sat 
upon a log, conversing upon the things to be revealed, when 
they were surrounded by a glorious light which overshadowed 
them. A glorious personage appeared unto them and exhib- 
ited to them the plates, the sword of Laban, the Directors 
which were given to Lehi (called Liahona), the Urim and 
Thummim, and other records. Human language cannot, he 
said, describe what they saw. He had had his hours of dark- 
ness and trial and difficulty since that period ; but however 
dark upon other things his mind had been, that vision had 
ever been a bright and beautiful scene in his memory, and he 
had never wavered in regard to it. He had fearlessly testified 
of it always, even when his life was threatened. Martin 
Harris was not with them at the time Joseph and Oliver and 
he saw the angel ; but he and Joseph afterwards were 
together, and the angel exhibited the plates to Martin Harris 
also, and he thus became a witness. 

I spent several hours there, and to me they were very inter- 
esting. The old gentleman was able to stay in the room only 
a portion of the time; he had to retire to*est ; but I had the 
company of his son, David J. Whitmer, and his nephew, John 
C. Whitmer (who is a son of Jacob Whitmer, one of the eight 
witnesses of the Book of Mormon), while I remained. 

The old jail in which the Prophet Joseph and other breth- 
ren were imprisoned at Richmond had long ago disappeared; 
a brick one had been built in its stead, and it had passed 
away, having been replaced by a stone building which now 
stands. The town contains, 1 was informed, about 3,500 
inhabitants, including coal miners of whom there are a large 
number, there being good coal found here. I was not favor- 
ably impressed with the appearance of the country and 
improvements. There is not much enterprise shown, and the 
buildings are not of a superior kind. I have no doubt the 
soil is rich and produces plentifully, but there seems to be 
very little push among the people. 

The next day I took train from Kansas City to Indepen- 
dence. Independence is in the midst of a very beautiful 
country. I was greatly pleased with the location of the city 
and the appearance of the country around it. It is well tim- 
bered and rolling. Prom Independence the view in every 
direction is very fine — to the north and east particularly. I 
walked all over the place and in doing so had the most pecu- 
liar feelings. The temple lot is about half a mile to the west 
of the public square on the outer edge of the town, the 
houses being somewhat scattered in the neighborhood. The 
lot has no improvements upon it excepting a wire fence and a 
few puny trees that somebody had planted recently. It is 
fenced somewhat in the shape of a flat-iron and has a road on 
each side of it. It appears strange that it should never have 
been built upon. I found the city from this point (notwith- 
standing it being the dead of Winter and the trees leafless) 
exceedingly fine. Though it is not a hill, yet the ground slopes 
oft" in every direction from this lot, particularly to the west, 
and less to the east than to any other point. A temple on this 
spot would occupy a very commanding position, and the view 
from it will be most magnificent; for whenever a temple shall 
be built the country around it will bo beautifully improved 



g£ 




tuammm* 

W 108 



JTTJ-VJUIsrXLE IIsrSTBTJCTOB, 



: ^| 



But as it is, it called forth my admiration. Independence is 
about four miles distant from and to the south of the Mis- 
souri river. The city contains, I am told, about G,000 or 7,000 
people, and I was struck with the great number of churches 
for the size of the place. I was told that there were about 
500 people living there who call themselves ''Mormons." They 
seemed to get along very well with the rest of the inhabitants, 
for the reason, I was told, that their movements had a ten- 
dency to enhance the value of real estate there. The loca- 
tion of Independence is one of the most beautiful I ever siw, 
and in the Summer time the country must be very inviting. 
There is a park-like scenery about the place that makes it 
very attractive, and no end of fine locations for dwelling 
houses or public buildings. Independence itself, as a town, 
did uot please me particularly. The streets are only moderately 
wide and the houses are mostly frame, though there are also 
some very fine brick structures. "It is a growing city and good 
hopes are indulged in concerning its future. There will be 
great changes doubtless take place before the word of the 
Lord respecting the erection of a temple there will be fulfilled. 
Already the old mobocratic families who helped to expel the 
Saints have been greatly thinned out, and but few are left. 




SESSION SIXTH. 



BY URIEL. 




WE will now take up the subject of repentance. To repent 
is to have a godly sorrow for wrongs done. We have 
all been guilty, more or less, of disobedience, covetousness 
(which is idolatryt fault-finding, bad habits, discontentedness, 
insolence, heresies, pride, self-will and lightmindedness, 
wilh many other sins that have prevented that purity 
of heart so essential to make a success in the science of 
theology. If we have been guilty of bad habits, repentance 
will cause us to quit them. We will by this principle cease 
to find fault and try to school ourselves to be satisfied, kind 
and considerate, to have regard for the feelings of others and 
to be as cheerful as possible under all circumstances. 

K'pentance improves our character and makes us more 
bright and useful in all the walks of life. We are given to 
understand that this principle was taught to our progenitor, 
Adam. God taught him the necessity of repentance, telling 
him that if he would turn unto Him, hearken unto His voice, 
believe, repent of all his transgressions and lie baptized, that 
he should receive the choicest knowledge. Adam asked, 
"Why is it that man must repent?" The Lord answered, 

Behold I have forgiven thee thy transgression in the garden 
of Eden. Hence came the saying abroad among the people, 
that the Son of God hath atoned for original guilt, wherein 
the sins of the parents cannot be answered upon the heaN of 
the children, for they are whole from the foundation of the 
world." The Lord said. "Inasmuch as thy children are con- 
ceived in -\n, even so when they begin to grow up, sin con- 
ceiveth in their hearts and they taste the bitter, that they may 
know to prize the good. And it i- given unto them to 
know good from evil: wherefore they are agents unto them- 
selves.and I have given onto yon anotherlawand commandment. 



Wherefore teach it unto your children, that all men, every- 
where, must repent, or they can in no wise inherit the 
kingdom of God, for no unclean thing can dwell there, or 
dwell in His prtsence ; for, in the language of Adam, Man of 
Holiness is His. name; and the name of His Only Begotten, 
is the Son of Man, even Je^us Christ, a righteous Judge who 
shall come in the meridian of time" (see Pearl of Great 
Price, page 16). 

This principle is taught throughout the whole history of 
God's dealings with the people who have lived upon this 
earth. Whenever they strayed from His ways, and drifted 
into idolatry, heresies and false doctrine, and He determined 
to make an end of sin by punishing the people for their 
wickedness, He revealed Himself to one of His children upon 
the earth, who had been before appointed unto this honor and 
sent him forth to preach faith and repentance, so that the 
inhabitants of the earth might be left without excuse. 

Let us refer to the prayer that was offered up by Solomon 
at the dedication of the temple (I. Kings viii, 40-49), "If 
they sin against Thee (for there is no man that sinneth not), 
and Thou be angry with them, and deliver them to the enemy, 
so that they carry them away captives unto the land of the 
enemy, far or near ; yet if they shall bethink themselves in 
the land whither they were carried captives, and repent, and 
make supplication unto Thee in the land of them that carried 
them captives, saying, We have sinned, and have done per- 
versely, we have committed wickedness; and so return unto 
Thee with all their heart, and with all their soul, in the land 
of their enemies which led them away captive. 
Then hear Thou their prayer and their supplication in 
heaven." Solomon knew the value of this true repentance. 
It was not only to be sorry for wrongs done but turning unto 
the Lord with "all their heart, and with all their soul." This 
is the repentance that God taught (see Ezekiel xviii, 27), 
"When the wicked man turneth away from his wickedness 
that he hath committed, and doeth that which is lawful and 
right, he shall save his soul alive. Because he considereth 
and turneth away from all his transgressions that he hath 
committed." This is true repentance. 

When John the Baptist, the fore-runner of Jesus Christ, 
commenced his ministry, in the "wilderness of Judea," he 
called upon the people to repent, siying, "ltepent ye; for the 
kingdom of heaven is at hand." In like manner,|when Jtsus 
Christ, after being "tempted of the devil," "began to preach 
and to say, ltepent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand" 
[Matthew Hi, 1, 2, and ii\ 17). And when He called the 
twelve and sent them forth to preach, "They went out and 
preached that men should repent" (Murk ri, 12). Again, 
after His resurrection when lie visited His disciples, as related 
by the historian Luke in his twenty-fourth chapter, from the 
forty-fifth verse, "Then opened He to their undemanding, that 
they might understand the scriptures, and said unto them, 
Thus it is written, and thus it btdiooved Christ to suffer and 
to rise from the dead the third day : And that repentance 
and remission of sins should be preached in His name among 
all nations, beginning at Jerusalem. And ye are witnesses of 
these things." 

This principle was advocated throughout all the ministry of 
the Apostles ana Elders who were preachers of righteousness and 
those who believed their preaching, repented and commenced 
living a better life. And in these last days, when the Father 
commenced His work by the restoration of the gospel, in a 
revelation given unto Oliver Cowdary ami Joseph Smith, in 
April, 1829, the same principle was advocated. The Lord 





CTTJ-^VEIiTIIjE IUSTRUCTOB. 



109 




said, "Say nothing but repentance unto this generation : keep 
my commandments and assist to bring forth my work, accord- 
ing to my commandments, and you shall be blessed." 

Repentance is most faithfully preached to-day and is mani- 
fested by the reformation among the people. The Lord has 
told us how we may know when the people repent. He says 
they will turn from their sin--. Their hearts will be set upon 
righteousness, their eyes will be opened to the value of eternal 
life and they will have an understanding of the things of God 
unknown to those who will not or do not repent. God knows 
our hearts, and h.as declared, "Blessed are the pure in heart." 
Then let us repent and ask the Father to create within us a 
pure heart, that we may love Him with all our might, mind 
and strength, and our neighbor as ourselves. 

The repentance of the world worketh death, for they are 
ever sorry or repent to-day and sin again to-morrow. This 
will never do. We cannot be saved in our sins for the Lord 
has declared He "cannot look upon sin with the least degree 
of allowauce : nevertheless he that repents and does the 
commandments of the Lord shall be forgiven" {Doc. and 
Gov., page. 75). This is and has always been the condition. 
When Paul preached to the Athenians, he told them that in 
the times of ignorance God winked at their false manner of 
worship, but, "now commandeth all men everywhere to 
repent. Because He hath appointed a day in the which He will 
judge the world in righteousnes." It was in that day as it is 
to-day. Light and truth had come into the world. God had 
His authority upon the earth ; Paul was an Apostle and High 
Priest and had the authority to call all men to repeotance. In 
like manner this authority is restored to the earth and 
repentance is being preached to-day by divine command- 
ment. 



THE FAITH OF LITTLE CHILDREN. 




The faith of little children is touchingly 
sublime. It is beautiful to see how earnest and 
sincere they are when called upon to exercise faith 
for the sick. When told that prayer isto be offered 
for their parents or a play-fellow, they close their 
eyes, draw themselves up in the act of devotion 
and their whole souls seem to concentrate on what 
they are about to do. 

The minds of the children are free from 
tradition and false education, therefore, they have 
more faith. For this reason it is evident that the 
Lord readily hears and answers the longing desires 
of their innocent hearts. 

•Several instances of the efficacy of the faith and 
prayers 6$ the children of the primary association 
have come tinder the special notice of the writer. 

At Kanah, in the Summer of 1881, a babe, the 
daughter of Brother C. W. Johnson who was on a 
mi — ion to the Stale-, was lakeu very sick. Kioto 



a robust child she was reduced to a mere skeleton. 
The mother and friends had done all they could for 
her relief, but it appeared to be of no avail. It 
was thought that the child was appointed unto 
death. One Saturday, at two o'clock, p. m., the 
children of the primary association met. The 
president called on one of the officers to pray and 
ask the Lord to spare the little one if it was His 
will. The children were asked to exercise their 
faith, and, with the speaker, ask the Lord to bless 
and heal the babe. While the prayer was being 
offered the faith of about 75 innocents was gathered 
into one'grand unit, and the power of the Spirit 
of theXord^was so manifest that the speaker felt 
assured that the prayers of those little children \ 
would be answered. \ 

Thechikbcommenced to mend from that hour, 
and by r the end of the next week it was compara- 
tively „well. 

During the same Summer, a six-year old son of 
the writer was sick with a bad cold and sore throat. 
There had been several cases, in Kanab, of what 
was supposed to be diphtheria, and the parents, 
were, therefore, somewhat alarmed. 

The boy had a strong fever, his tongue and the 
glands of his throat were much swollen, and he 
appeared to suffer greatly. The father went for 
the Bishop to come and administer to the child, 
but he could not do so just then. The mother sat 
by the bed watching and doing all she could for 
the afflicted one. A neighbor brought him some 
cherries but he could not swallow them. It seemed 
as though he would choke to death. 

The father went again for the Bishop, and while 
he was absent the mother told a little girl who 
was going to a meeting of the primary associa- 
tion, to ask the president to have the little child 
prayed for, as he was very sick. 

It appeared that time enough had scarcely 
elapsed for the children to meet and prayer to be 
offered, when the mother saw a change pass over 
the child's face. In a few moments he rose up in 
bed and said, "Please, Ma, give me the cherries." 
They were given to him, and he ate them without 
any difficulty. 

Just then the Bishop and the father came in. 
They seemed astonished to see the change in the 
child. The father said, "Mother, he is better!" 
She answered, "Yes, the children of the primary 
association have met and prayed for him." In 
about an hour he got up and played around, seem- 
ingly as well as ever. 

M. Elizabeth Little. 






""S<L1 



no 



TJYEUILS IUSTBXTOTOB. 



NIGHT SCENES IN A 
GREAT CITY. 



FIFTH NIGHT. 



BY KENNON. 

[Continued from page 76.) 
DASSINI • throught the library filled with the matter swiftly 
-A- developing into history, we entered the managing editor's 
room. Here sat the presiding genius of the newspaper; and 
with him were three or four editorial writers who were receiv- 
ing instructions from him. In a large apartment adjoining 
this worked most diligently the night, telegraph and news 
editors. There was no bustle in these rooms but the labor 
seemed to be performed with great swiftness. The five or six 
telegraph and news editors were collating matters of interest 
from every quarter of the globe. The masses of disorganized 
material which they were handling appeared productive, to 
my uninitiated mind of nothing better than chaos. But 
trained by their study and practice to think and act quickly, 
the editors were never at a loss. And the tube which led to 
the composing room was constantly receiving accessions of 
"copy." 

I was very curious to see this room which swallowed, insati- 
ably, so much editorial work ; so we climbed the long stairways 
which led to the fourth story of the building. Here we found 
4n or 50 compositors, setting type with the rapidity and skill 
which their business requires : three foremen, one dividing 
the "copy" into "takes," one making up forms, and one, 
apparently the chief, watching and directing the entire work 
of the room ; and four proofreaders, sitting in two small 
alcoves opening from the composing room, engaged in the 
tedious labor of detecting and marking errors on the proofs. 
In the main room no one spoke except when the foremen 
issued directions. But there was a constant humming noise 
caused by the click of the types which 40 hands were swiftly 
dropping into 40 sticks. 

When we had finished our inspection of the editorial and 
typographical departments and the library, it was nearly mid- 
night; and joining with a half-score of reporters who had 
tini-hed their work and were off duty, went out and took a 
light lunch. Ileturoing after we had bade the other toilers 
goodnight, Flynn and I sought the press-rooms. We were 
just in time to witness the stereotyping of the first forms — a 
most curious process to one who had never before viewed it. 
Slowly the hours wore on until three o'clock arrived. Then 
the last form having been stereotyped, the plates were laid 
into the mighty press, and the work of producing the news- 
paper was in it- last stage. One end of a long roll of paper- 
cneasuring two or three miles was inserted in the feeder of the 
tin- attendant of the machine touched a lever, and the 
clatter like that of a dozen threshing machines, began. The 
paper passed through the long press so fast that my eyes 
could not note its (light. Bat at the further end of the 
machine I could fteethe finished fact. The papers came out, 
printed, folded and stacked in neat piles faster than 
two men could count. Tin.' press yielded 33,000 complete 
ry hour. No human hand touched the paper from 
the time it entered the pre" until it came out finished and 
ready for distribution by mail or carrier. Then three men 
were occupied in carrying the neatly folded copies to the fore- 
man's tables to I.e apportioned under bis direction. 

We bud seen the work of producing the paper in one day, 
from the first -tip to the last. But there was something 



else that Flynn wanted to show me ; and at his invitation I 
accompanied him with one of the carrier's in the early round 
to distribute papers along one of the principal streets leading 
from the office. This carrier was an old man, but he was a 
very brisk fellow. He took in an oilskin bag, which hung 
over his shoulder, about 250 copies of the paper, and emerging 
from the building departed quickly on his journey. In walk- 
ing the distance of half a mile he delivered the whole lot of 
his papers ; and yet progressed so rapidly that Flynn and 
I with difficulty kept pace by his side. Some of the papers 
he pushed under doors, some he dropped through gratings 
into basements, some he handed in at restaurants or club 
rooms, which kept open house all night, and others he threw 
up to balconies or window ledges of the second, third, fourth 
and fifth stories of buildings. His skill was marvelous. He 
would take a paper, fold and roll it into a small compass 
quicker than my eyes could follow his movements, then point 
out some particular portions of a building where he desired 
it to land, and with a strong throw would send it spinning to 
its destination. Not once did he make a failure. When his 
first stock was exhausted he returned to the office for more ; 
and when we parted from him at five o'clock in the morning, 
he was just starting on his last trip which be told us, 
comprised a walk of more than four miles and the delivery 
of nearly 600 papers. 



THE BEST REVENGE- 



THE coffin was a plain one — a poor miserable pine coffin. 
No flowers on the top ; no lining of white satin for the pale 
brow ; no smooth ribbons about the coarse shroud. The 
brown hair was laid decently back, but there was no primped 
cap with the tie beneath the chin. The sufferer of cruel 
poverty smiled in her sleep ; she had found bread, rest and 
health. "I want to see my mother, sobbed a poor little child, 
as the undertaker screwed down the top. "You cannot; get 
out of my way, boy ; why don't some one take the brat ?" 
"Only let me see one minute!" cried the helpless orphan, 
clutching the side of the charity box, as he gazed upon the 
coffin, agonized tears streaming down the cheeks on which no 
childish bloom ever lingered. Oh ! it was painful to hear 
him cry the words : "Only once ; let me see mother, only 
once!" Quickly and brutally the heartless monster struck 
the boy away, so that he reeled with the blow. For a moment 
the boy stood panting with grief and rage — his blue eyes dis- 
tended, his lips sprang apart, fire glistened through his eyes 
as he raited his little arm with a most unchildish laugh, and 
screamed : — "When I'm man I'll be revenged for that?" 
There was a coffin and a heap of earth between the mother 
and the poor forsaken child — a monument much stronger than 
granite, built in the poor boy's heart, the memory of the 
heartless deed. 

****** * 

The court house was crowded to suffocation. "Does any 
one appear as this man's counsel ?" askjd the judge. There 
was a silence when he had finished, until, with lips lightly 
pressed together, a look of strange intelligence blended with 
a haughty reserve on his handsome features, a young man 
stepped forward with a firm tread and a kindly eye to plead 
for the friendless one. He was a stranger, but at the first 
sentence there was a silence. The splendor of his genius 



2& 



n v2>-8>.,- 



0"ITYEK"ILE IITSTBTJCTOB. 



Ill 



entranced — convinced. The man who could not find a friend 
was acquitted. "May God bless you, sir; I cannot !" he 
exclaimed. "I want no thanks," replied the stranger. "I 
— I — I — believed you are unknown to me." "Sir, I will 
refresh your memory. Twenty years ago this day you struck 
a broken-hearted little boy away from his dead mother's coffin. 
I was that boy." The man turned pale. "Have you rescued 
me then to take my life?" "No; I have a sweeter revenge. 
I have saved the life of a man whose brutal conduct has 
rankled in my breast for the last twenty years. Go then, and 
remember the tears of a friendless child. " The man bowed 
his head in shame, and went from the presence of magnanim- 
ity — as grand to him as it was incomprehensible. — Selected. 



EASY SCIENCE LESSONS. 



BY SDNNY. 



LESSON III. 




Ayl ATTER is made up of extremely small particles termed 
■I-'-*- molecules. Examine a kernal of wheat; separate it into 
fine portions, even crush it to a powder, yet each one of these 
little particles of flour contains a great number of molecules. A 
piece of gold may be crushed into pieces so small that were 
they a hundred times larger, they would still be invisible to 
the naked eye, but even in these small particles exist many 
molecules. 

How small is a molecule? Well, a molecule of a compound 
substance is so small, that it cannot be divided again without 
destroying the compound. For example : Divide a molecule 
of water, and it no longer exists as water, but as smaller par- 
ticles of different substances, oxygen and hydrogen gases. 
Such is the molecular division theory of all compound matter, 
viz., the molecules of a compound substance can not be divided 
without destroying the identity of that body, resolving it into 
its elements. 

In being led out of one difficulty we are plunged into 
another; for we now have a little mass of smaller amount 
than a molecule, as the molecule of water was divided. 
Scientists give to these smaller particles the name atoms. A 
goodly number of atoms may exist in one molecule. How 
small is an atom ? So very, very small it will not admit of 
subdivision. But it may be admitted that, mechanically, an 
atom exists merely in theory, for we could not obtain one atom 
by itself, and the same can be said of a molecule. Neverthe- 
less, they do exist. To separate one of the smallest dust 
particles of gold or flour would require a delicate operation; 
how then would it be possible to extract one of the many 
molecules or atoms existing in that already microscopic par- 
ticle! The molecules and atoms are not in contact with each 
other, and by virtue of this condition depends the principle: 
all bodies are compressible. The distances between them are 
even greater than the particles themselves. 

Scientists draw the beautiful comparison of molecules and 
atoms existing in a body as the sun, earth, moon and stars 
exist in space: the atoms forming a molecule, or system much 
in the same manner as our solar system is formed by the sun 
and planets — with great distances intervening ; and the mole- 
cules (or systems) of bodies separated from each other by 
immensely vast distances, even as our own little solar system 
exists in relation to the almost infinitely distant systems of the 
stars composing the universe. 



Let me not bear too much upon your credulity when I tell 
you that the relative weights of these molecules and atoms 
have been obtained. How? They surely did not weigh a 
molecule or an atom in any of those sensitive scales concerning 
which we have heard so much? No; but by a more delicate 
scale — the balance of the mind. It was by this same balance 
that Adams and Leverrier determined the position, size and 
weight of Neptune, the most distant planet, before they had 
ever heard of or seen it. Such a problem was solved and 
quite accurately too ; they did it by means of this balance in 
the mind— reason. 

The workings of the balance, with its lever, or beam, its 
fulcrum, scale-pans, index and weights of various denomina- 
tions, perhaps would prove too complex and extensive to ana- 
lyze and explain here. The scale exists, notwithstanding, and 
is in practical use, managed by skillful masters. By it the 
weight and philosophy of many natural phenomena are 
determined and explained. By it facts are announced, prin- 
ciples deduced, and truths are established. True, occasional 
mistakes occur, but they are, as a general rule, the results of 
an improper management in balancing or adjusting the scales, 
either through carelessness or through ignorance, rather than 
from any defect in the balance itself. Possibly, too, in the 
formation thereof, some parts were made too great, some too 
light, the results of which are inaccurate and worthless returns. 
But in the cause of knowledge and science, the best balances 
are in use, and the most skillful and masterly hands manipu 
late them. 

As men of science and men of learning are pushing their 
investigations, extending their explorations and researches 
with vigor in every direction, let us be their cotemporaries in 
the true sense of the word, "thinking their think," as it were. 
And though we may not travel with them in any or all of 
these directions, we can at least keep our balance polished 
with use and ready for use ; that we may take their results, 
throw them into the balance, and by its index (the judgment) 
determine their real worth. 

Nor is this our stopping. There are many things to be 
weighed and many problems to be solved of, perhaps, a more 
practical nature. No one needs be idle. 

But I have wandered a long way from my subject; will 
return in our next. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 5 is Steam. 
Correct solutions have been received from Sophrona Larson, 
Arthur Wixom, Brigham City; L D. Willis, Lake Town; Geo. 
T. Paxman, Nephi > L. J. Holley, Springville; S. Worsencroft, 
Payson; F.J Midgley, Wales; Josephine Workman, Farming- 
ton ; W. H. Stretper, Centerville; Willard Sorenson, Mendon ; 
A. H. Bishop, B Raymond, Kaysville; A. E. Dalton, A. L. 
Newman, Ogden ; Albert Curtis, Logan; John Worthen, 
Henry Chamberlain, F. J. Hewlett, Salt Lake City. 



We cannot but remark how unfairly the animal creation 
are treated, with reference to the purposes of moral example. 
We degrade or exalt them as it suits the lesson we desire to 
inculcate. If we rebuke a drunkard or a sensualist, we think 
we can say nothing severer to him than to recommend him 
not to make "a beast of himself:" which is very unfair 
towards the beasts, who are no drunkards, and behave them- 
selves as Nature intended. A horse has no habit of drinking ; 
he does not get a red face with it. The stag does not go 
reeling home to his wives. — Hunt 



■& 



113 



J" UYE 3ST I LIE IITSTEUOTOB. 



E k; T THE H O E Y SPIRIT GUIDE. 




Andantino. f) 
=1= 



Words and Music by Edwin F. PARar. 
mf 



S=5=*S=5: 



*=% 



Let 



-t— 

the Ho 

-*- , f9- 
— » 1 






ly Spir 
-(Si 



P 



- r^ 



its promptings 
■m- 

* - 



Be your dai - ly, con - stant 



£111 



is- 






■ 



/ 



.S) — p. 






=P=; 



dE33E3=* 



30E 



SJMj^^!^ 



-sl=* 



guide; 



Let its peace 



ful, heaven - ly influence 



Ev - 



in your 






1= 






=p: 



:g=t 



=!==(= 




Dim. 






c. 



from all 

.a 

— | 



dun - gcr, 



_J_ 
And 



=3- 



=f2==z:?=rrdr^^rr:23 =;=!n=i:8 



from 






I'V 



vil 



way. 









SK 



Let the Holy Spirit guard your 

Every act, and word, and thought; 
N' • er make a siiiLde effort 

Ti ! l the Spirit's aid you've sought. 
Cherish it as your companion; 

Heed its sweet and still, f-mall voice; 
If you listen to its dictates. 

Then through life you will rejoice. 



Do not grieve the Holy Spirit, 

Or it will not with you stay, 
Bui that it may dwell within you, 

To your Fleavenly Father pray. 
Ati in faith and He will answer, 

And will bless you from above; 
He will send Ili^ Holy Spirit, 

Which will till your soul with love. 



**w*k 



1852. 1883. 

BAIN WAGON DEPOT. 

HAVING now on hand, for the Season's 
trade of 1883, one of the best selected 
and assorted stock of FARM, FREIGHT & 
SPRING BAIN WAGONS ever offered for 
sale in Utah, I can assure my customers and 
the Public generally I can fill all orders 
promptly. 

I also have a full line of the Celebrated 
OLIVER CHILLED & MOLINE PLOWS 
of all sizes, including Gang, Sulky, Walking 
and Rail Road Plows. 

I am sole agent for the CHAMPION Reap- 
ers, Mowers, and Self-Binders, TIGER Self- 
Operating Sulky Hay Rakes, TRIUMPH 
Force-Feed Grain Drills, the Randall Revolving, 
Pulverizing Dies Harrows, Cultivators, Scra- 
pers, etc., etc., all of which are First Class in 
every particular and sold as low as First Class 
Goods can be sold. 

1 also have a fine stock of finished and rough 
Wagon and Buggy Material, also Hardwood 
Plank— Oak Ash and Hickory— to which I call 
special attention. 

Extras for my Machines and Plows always on 
hand. 

Call or write to 

Howard Sebree, 

Salt Lake or Ogden, Utah. 

5-17-t. f. 



THE MORMON BATTALION HISTORY. 
by Daniel Tyler, Esq., has just been pub- 
lished and is for sale at the Juvenile In- 
structor Office. It is a very valuable work, 
interesting not only to those- who took part 
in the memorable campaign, upon which it 
principally treats, and the posterity and friends 
of such, but will be equally appreciated by ah 
others who are interested in the history of the 
Latter-Day Saints. Some of the most impor- 
tant events in the history of this people are 
therein detailed in a faithful and graphic man- 
ner, and many facts placed in a new though 
true light. But a small edition has been 
published and those wishing to obtain the 
work, should not delay purchasing. The prices 
are, for cloth binding, $2.50: leather, $3.00; 
morocco gilt, $4,25. 



THE MARTYRS; a Sketch of the Lives and 
a Full Account of the Martyrdom of Jo- 
seph and Hyrum Smith, Together with a Con- 
cise Review of the Most Prominent Incidents 
Connected with the Persecutions of the Saints, 
from the Time the Church was Organized up to 
the Year 1846. By Lyman 0. Littleficld. Fur 
Sale at this Office, Price 50 cts. 



pARLY SCENES IN CHURCH HIS- 
-^ TORY, the eighth book of the "Faith-Pro- 
moting Series." is published, and is to be had 
at this Office at 25 cents per copy. Its contents 
are: "Show us a Sign;" "Contest with Evil 
Spirits;" "Early Experience of A. 0. Smoot;" 
"Scenes in the British Mission;" "Remarkable 
Healings," and "Philo Dibble's Narrative." 



OUBSCRIBE for the JUVENILE INSTRUC- 

TOR. It is the best paper published. It is 
the Organ of the young people of the Latter-day 
Saints. It is equally interesting to children and 
grown people. It is adapte to the capacity of 
children, but there is nothing frivolous about it. 
It does not contain news, but is filled with instruct- 
ive reading matter, as interesting to read at one time 
as another. The first volume published is as interest- 
ingnowas when just issued, sixteen years ago. It 
treats upon religion, science, history, biography 
natural history and such other subjects as are 
interesting to Latter-day Saints. It also contains 
beautiful illustrations. 

A Bound volume of the Instructor is one of 
the most useful and interesting Books a person 
can have in his library. 

Subscription price (postage included) 3 months, 50 cts. 

" - - - - six months, - - 1,00. 

" " - - - - one year, - - 2,00. 

Back Volumes, bound singly, ... in half calf, 2,50. 

u two in one book, - - - - "-- - 4 75. 

three "•'-... in cloth, - - - . 7,00. 
Back Numbers of the present volume can be furnished 

01 Subscriptions can commence with the Current Number if 
preferred. • 



DAVID JAMES, Tinner, Gas, Water and 
Steam Fitter. 
Water Pipes Laid to Order. Hose, Iron and 
Lead Pipes, Pumps and Fittings, on hand. 



No. 69 Main Street, \ 

Salt Lake City, Utah. J 



P. O. Box 301 
12-15tf 



T^OOK BINDING, by an experienced 
"» workman, In all styles and at the lowest 
rates, at the Juvenile Instructor Office. 

Bring on your magazines and other works for 
binding, and you can depend upon having 

them done promptly, and in any style re- 
quired. 

pHURCH WORKS, in complete Sets, con- 
sisting of the Book of Mormon, Doctrine 
and Covenants, Key to Theology, Voice of 
Warning, Spencer's Letters and Hymn Book, 
all Bound in Morocco, Gilt, extra embossed, 
For sale at this office. Price $ 1 3. 00 and $ 1 3. 50. 

/ "~PHE Hymns and Anthems which were sung 
-*■ at our last Semi-Annual Conference are 
now published in book form, and for sale at 
this office. Price, single copy, 30 cents, post- 
paid. Reductions made to choirs and associa- 
tions. 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ON THE 
LIFE AND MISSION OF THE 
PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH, Published by 
the Deseret Sunday School Union, 10 cents. 

At Juvenile Insturctor Office, 

Salt Lake City. 



UTJTHERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME!" 

*■ And there are no Boots and Shoes like 
those Made at Home, by Z. C. M. I. Shoe Fac- 
tory, for Comfort, Durability and Cheapness. 
Buy them and try them. Sold at Z. C M. I. 
H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Salt Lake City.-Our stock 
of Groceries, Hardware, Glassware, Dry Goods, 
Notions, Clothing, Carpets, Wall Paper, etc., is 
very complete. 

Carpets made and laid, and Upholstering done 
in the best style, by experienced and competent 
workmen. 

H. S. Eldkedqe, rfupt. 



PENCIL NOTE BOOKS, suitable to write 
Minutes of meetings in, or for Students' 
lessons, at 15 ct., and 20 ct., The best and 
cheapest in the City. Also made to order in 
quantities for dealers with their own names print- 
ed on the cover, and at special rates; also 

"DEPORTER'S NOTE BOOKS, on good 
tinted paper, ruled to suit short hand or 
other reporters, 20 cts. each, at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office. 



SUBSCRIBERS who wish to have their papers 
Bound can send or bring them to the Juvenile 
Instructor Office, and have them done in any style and 
upon the most reasonable terms. 



OXFORD POCKET BIBLE, containing 
marginal references, index, concordance, 
notes on the /arious books, and other h^ips to 
the study u" the scriptures — the best pocket 
edition of the Jt>ible published, in various styles 
of binding, at $1.50, $1.75, $2.25, $2.75, $3.00, 
$3.10, $3.75, $4.25. For sale at this office. 



"DACK VOLUMES of Juvenile Instructor 
*-* completed for subscribers who may be 
lacking any of their numbers, and the vol'imes 
bound in any style desired, and at the lowest 
price, at this Office. 



MARTIAL BAND MUSIC.-We have for 
salu at this Office the second set of music 
cards containing two new tunes, for Sunday 
School Martial Bands. They are published by 
the Deseret Sunday School Uiffcn, and arc sold 
at 50 cts. per set. 



>. ESTABLISHED I860. 

DAVID O. CALDER, 

Salt Lake Cjtt, 
mporter, Jobber and Retail Dealer in all 
ds of MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS and 
TSICAL MERCHANDISE. 
Icneral Agent for the Celebrated Instruments 
the following makers of Pianos and Organs: 

MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN CO., 
ose organs are acknowledged, the world 
r, to be the very best made. Each one of 

1,800 sold in this Territory is the strongest 
dence of their durability and superior excel- 
ee. Several New and Valuable Improvements 
e been added lately to their instruments. 

E. P. CARPENTER ORGANS, 
: taking the first rank in this and other 
intries. The. largest dealers are competing 

the Agencies. Each one of the 200 lately 
I by me has given perfect satisfaction. 
W. W. KIMBALL & CO. ORGANS, 
e splendid medium-priced organs and fully 
rrauted. They exceed anything in the mar- 

at the price, and very much superior to 
ny at higher prices. 

UPRIGHT & SQUARE PIANOS, 
Chickering & Sons, Steinway & Sons, Hard- 
n, Dowling & Peck, and Bchr Bros. & Co. 
riicse Pianos arc certainly the best of their 
as made. 

BRASS AND QUADRILLE BANDS. 
[ am now prepared to fill orders for all grades 
music for Brass and Orchestral Bands, iu- 
uction books for all instruments, how to ar- 
lge for orchestras and bands, how to teach 
nds, drum-major's guide, etc., Published by 

\V. Pepper, E. A. Samuels, A. Squires, 
•cher, and Thompson and Odell, at their 

GREATLY REDUCED PRICES. 
Organ Instructors, rabiishen' uj 

Pnw. Prias. 



I 



'HE MYTH OF THE "MANUSCRIPT 



bite's School, 
hitney's School, - 
idds' School, 

Piano Instructors. 
idds' School, 
>rdon's School, 
School, 



Hailed 
Prices. 

2 50 1 00 1 20 
2 50 1 25 1 50 
2 60 1 35 1 05 



ake's School, 



- 3 25 2 50 2 75 

- 3 25 2 50 2 75 
75 45 55 

- 1 00 50 60 
75 40 50 

- 1 00 4.") 60 
ruericao Instructors for all 

Instruments, - - 75 50 60 

inncr's Instructors for all 
Instruments, - 75 30 35 

mg Folio: 20S pages of 
the mosl Popular Songs, 
with Piano or Organ Ac- 
companiment, ... 60 75 

Music, l!OH pages: 
a magnificent collection 
nt Music for Organ or 
Piano, - - - 60 75 

and Ballads: 100 

and Music, new and 
popular, - - - - 10 12 

Circulars fully explaining the merits of all 
le above instruments can be had on appli- 
ition. 

Orders from the country shall have careful 
id prompt attention. 



FOUND," or the Absurdities of the 
"Spaulding Story," by Elder George Reynolds. 
Eleventh Book of the "Faith-Promoting 
Series." Just issued and for sale at this 
Office. Price 25 cents. 

qCRAPS OF BIOGRAPHY, the Tenth 
O Book of the "Faith Promoting Series," 
has just been Issued and is For Sale at this 
Office. Price per Copy 25 cents. It contains 
some very Interesting Items from the Journals 
of Elders John Tanner, Daniel Tyler and Newel 
Knight. 

A N INTERESTING WORK.— The Hand 
of Providence, as shown in the History of 
Nations and Individuals, from the Great Apos- 
tasy to the Restoration of the Gospel. An 
illustrated book, containing 215 pages of reading 
matter, written by Elder J. H. Ward. For sale 
at this Office. Price 60 cents. 

OGDEN BRANCH Z. C. M. I., atOgden, 
Weber Co.— A Complete Assortment of 
General Merchandise on hand, at bed rock prices. 
Call and examine Goods and Prices before 
purchasing elsewhere. 

S. W. Sears, Manager. 

PRESIDENT HEBER C. KIMBALL'S 
*■ JOURNAL, the seventh Dook of the 
"Faith-Promoting Series," is now issued. It 
contains an account of his missions to England, 
the introduction of the gospel to that land, and 
many interesting incidents that transpired in 
the early days of the Church. For sale at this 
Office, price 25 cents. 



Z. C. M. I. TANNERY, Salt Lake City, 
Manufactures Harness Leather, Upper 
Leather, Calf Skins, Kip Skins, Buff Upper, 
and Silits, of Superior Quality. For Sale, 
Wholesale and Retail, at Same Prices as the 
Imported. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 

ESTABLISHED 1857. 

FURNITURE.— Henry Dinwoodey, whole- 
fale and retail dealer in all kinds of Furni- 
ture, Carpets, Wall Paper, Feathers, Baby 
Carriages, etc. 

1238 to 1244 First South Street, Salt Lake 
City, Utah. 13-15 t. f. 

XinilTINGS FROM THE "WESTERN 
STANDARD," is the title of a book of< 
';12 pages, which we have for sale at this Office. 

It is composed of a great variety of interest- 
ing sketches that appeared in the Western 
Standard, a paper published in San Francisco, 
in 1856, by George Q. Cannon. 

Price, bound in half calf, cloth sides, $1.50 



JUST ISSUED. 
O. PRATT'S WORKS. 

In order to Preserve some of the Memorable Writings of 
this Great and Good Man, we have Printed them in Book 
Form, and will sell this Work of 300 Pages for the Exceed- 
ingly Low Figure of 75 cents per Single Copy. Postpaid. 



THE HAND-BOOH OF 
REFERENCE. 

It gives the History and Chronology of the Church. Des- 
cribes the Religion and Country of the Saints, and contains 
a great variety of Valuable Statistics and Information 
which are of great use to Tourists and Residents. Price, 
Postpaid, 50 cents 



NEW PUBLICATION! 



LYDIA KNIGHT'S HISTORY, 

The First Book of a Series to be Published, 
Entitled: "Noble Women's Lives Series." 
Price, 25 cents. For Sale at the Juvenile 
Instructor Office, Salt Lake City. 



A NEW BOOK.— The Life of Nephi, 
■^"*- The Son of Lehi, who emigrated from 
Jerusalem, in Judea, to the land which is now 
known as South America, about six centuries 
before the coming of the Savior, by George Q. 
Cannon, of the First Presidency of the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Ninth 
Book of the Faith-Promoting Series. Pub- 
lished and for sale at this Office. Price 25 cents. 



Z ION'S CO-OPERATIVE MERCANTILE 
INSTITUTION, Drug Department, Salt 
Lake City. -Wholesale and Retail Dealers in 
Drugs, Medicines, Paints, Oils, Varnishes, 
Fancy and Toilet Articles, Soaps, Brushes, 
Sponges, Perfumery, etc. 

Physicians' Prescriptions and Family recipes 
carefully prepared. 

H. S. Eldredge, Supt. 



T OGAN BRANCH Z. C. M. L, at Logan, 
!_-/ Cache Co., keeps on hand a complete assort- 
ment of Genoral Merchandise, at prices to suit 
the times; also deals in Produce. 

The people of Cache Co. will find it to their 

advantage to call and oxamino Goods and Prices. 

K. S. Watson, Manager. 



PLURAL MARRIAGE, AS TAUGHT BY 
THE PROPHET JOSEPH. A reply to 
Joseph Smith, Editor of the Lamoni (Iowa) 
"Horald." By Helen Mar Whitney. For sale 
at this Office. 1 'rice 1 cts. 



ANEW twenty-four page tract entitled 
Tiu;k versus False Religion, in which 
the principles of the gospel are explained in a 
clear and pleasing manner. It is in the form of 
a dialogue in which a "Mormon" Elder and 
several unu"Monuoms" are the actors. Price 
3 ots inch or $3 25 per hundred, post paid. 



