
a? ZEI E B El G- C3- J^ I^ J^rn the C3-J^TE 




A LMOST 
t\. all eastern 
lands are no- 
torious for the 
number of the 
beggars among 
their popula- 
tion. Travel- 
ers in India, 
and various 
parts of other 
num erously 
peopled lands 
of Asia tell 
about the vast 
numbers of 
lame, blind, 
lepers and jiro- 
fessional beg- 
gars of various 
kinds -which 
are every- 
where to be 
wet with, and 
who are claui- 
crous in their 
demands for 
charity. No 
land, perhaps, 
is worse in this 
respect than 
Palestine, or 
the Holy Land. 
It may not 
have always 
been so bad as 
now, but it 
is very likely, 
from what can 
be learned in 
the New Tes- 
tinient, that 
persons of this 
class were nu- 
merous there 
a good many 
centuries ago. 
We read that 




at least on two 
occasions the 
sympathy o f 
Jesus was so 
moved at the 
almost fainting 
condition o f 
the thousands 
that followed 
Him that He 
cKercised His 
power on their 
behalf, and fed 
them by mira- 
cle. It is hard- 
ly to be sup- 
posed that per- 
sons able to 
provide for 
their own 
wants would 
have been 
caught in such 
a tis as this, 
and one reason 
of their follow- 
ing Ilim day 
after day 
might have 
been the hope 
that He would 
exercise H i s 
wonderful 
power in their 
behalf. At any 
rate, whether 
this was so or 
not, we find 
rei^eated men- 
tion in the 
New Testa- 
ment of the 
blind, beggars, 
lepers and 
those who 
dragged out a 
miserable life, 
dependant on 




'di 



4=Z 



CTTJ^En^ILE IIsrSTIS/TJOTOI^ 





the charity of others. A 'well known and very popular writer, 
who visited not long ago most of the towns in Palestine famous 
because they are places in whit-li Jesus wliile on earth lived and 
labored, gives a fearful picture of the almost countless numbers 
of deformed, bliud, and cripiiled beggars, and leprous persons 
found there, and of the impossibility of escaping their 
continual cries for alms. "Backsheesh," the word used when 
bogging, is heard on almost every hand, and from scores of 
mouths, bearing testimony to depths of poverty and degradation 
unknown perhaps even among the very lowest classes in 
Christendom. 

One reason why beggary is so common in Oriental lauds, is 
that the climate and soil in most of them, are of such a charac- 
ter that the necessaries of life are produced plentifully with 
little labor, and this seeming blessing has a tendency to make 
the people lazy, and very many of them prefer to spend their 
days with the chance of procuring a scanty subsistence by beg- 
ging from those pretty well to-do, rather than work and make 
thjmsclves comfortable. In Palestine, however, the soil is not 
fertile now, for it has been resting under a curse for ages, and 
the whole of it is noted for being parched and barren and this 
and the oppressive gentile rule or bondage under which its few 
inhabitants have lived so long are enough to account for their 
present wretchedness, and for the hopeless condition of misery 
in which they are sunk. 

Our first page engraving this week is intended to illustrate 
one of the parables of the liedeemer, but would perhaps answer 
as well for scenes from life as at iiresent witiicssed in the Holy 
Land. You see the emaciated and crippled beggar, his ragged 
and tattered clothing not sufficient to hide his naked flesh; and 
his face timed upward, imploring aid from the rich man as he 
passes out of his gate. The only thing in which it would fail io 
illustrate present times in Palestine is the absence of others of 
the same class, as travelers agree in saying that beggars are not 
met with singly, but by scores and hundreds in almost every 
city. The parable which the iiicture is meant for is one you 
have all read and remember, it is that of the rich man and 
Lazarus, that Lazarus whose .sores the dogs came and licked 
and who was so poor that he was anxious to obtain the crumbs 
that fell from the rich man's t;ible. It is contained in the si.K- 
teenth chapter of the gospel of iSt. Luke. There we also learn 
the fate, after death, of both rich man and Lazarus. The 
latter, we are told, was taken to Abraham's bosom; but the 
rich man lifted up his eyes in torment, and, unable to obtain a 
cup of water to cool his parched tongue, begged, but in vain of 
Lizarus, whom he saw alar off, for the relief which he needed 
so badly. 

The IJ.'deeuier, on .several occasions, spoke harshly of rich 
men. In cue place he .says it is easier for a camel to pa.ss 
through the eye of a needle? than for them to enter the kingdom 
of heaven. A thoughtless reading of the above p irable or of 
the saying of Je.sus last referred to might lead young persons to 
fancy that the rich are sent to a place of torment hereafter 
because they have been rich in this world, and that beggars 
may hope to be taken to heaven because of the aiiliction, nnsery 
and torment which they pass through while in this life; but 
nothing ol' this kind could have been meant, for all know that 
a man possessing riches is no more forced, against his will, to 
he a bad man, than a beggar or one very badly alllicted is to be 
pure and holy. .Many are born rich, and many are born poor, 
neither having any control or voice in the matter, and if they 
were to be made to partake hereafter either of special blessings 
or special cursings becau.se of that only it would be difficult to 
believe in the justice of llini in whose hands arc the destinies of 
all. We all know, too, that there are many rich men in the world 
who arc very giMjd men, and we know just as well that very 
many beggars, and persfin.s who are blind or lanu' frum birth 
are about as wicked as they can be, hence it would be fully to 
suppose that a rich nian must be tormented hereafter because 



he has been rich here, or that a person aiHicted on earth as 
Lazarus is said to have been is entitled to the joy and rest of 
heaven on account of his affliction in the flesh. 

Christ was the greatest teacher of men that ever lived, and 
He olten used parables that He might impress more forcibly on 
the minds of His hearers the lessons He wished them to learn. 
There can be no question that every time lie made observations 
reflecting severely or harshly upon the rich, it was to condemn 
avarice and covetousness and the unworthy or improper use of 
the wealth which they possessed. In our day no men are no e 
generally despised than they who possess great wealth, and 
who while dressing in purple and fine linen and faring sumptu- 
ously every day, shut their ears and hearts to the sufferings of 
those in poverty, and it is hard to think of men less worthy 
than they of salvation in the kingdom of God, or more sure of 
wrath and condemnation at His hands. 

The lesson taught in the jtarable of the rich man and Lazarus 
is an important one, and one worthy of remembrance, it is that 
avarice and covetousness are hateful in the sight of Heaven, and 
that the bad use of riches will prove a cuise to their possessor. 



O R/ ID E R.. 



I BELIEVE it was Pope who said " Order is Heaven's first 
law," and I think we have reason to believe it to be true. 
Suppose that order did not exist in the higher spheres, among 
the planetary systems, should we then have a polar star fixed 
in its place to guide the mariner on the deep? Should we have 
the sun and moon to give their light by day and night unceas- 
ingly'/ Should we have the regular revolution of the earth, and 
the seasons — Spring, Summer, Autumn and Winter? I think 
not. 

The ordinances of the gosjiel too arc all in order. You can 
not receive the second principle first, it is utterly impossible. 
The Priesthood also is a perfect order, and it can not work suc- 
cofsfully without every portion being in its proper place, and no 
scripture is more appropriate than this, in regard to the Priest- 
hood, "The head cannot say to the foot 1 have no need of 
thee." Every member is important in its place, and as 
essentially necessary to a perfect organization as are the 
members of our body. Suppose you had a machine of any 
kind, and one wheel should be out of i)lace, do you sujipose 
that it would work all right? No; and why? Because there 
would be disorder there. Prom this we might say, that order 
means everything in its proper jilaee. 

Do you know what destn^yed the work of the people who 
attempted to build the tower of Babel? It was confu>ion, 
anoiher word for disorder. Most of the wickedness, sin and 
evil in the world is nothing more than disorder. Persons who 
take tobacco, and hot and strong drirjks into their systems, are 
I)lacing them in the wrong place, as we read in the Word of 
Wisdom, these things are for bruises, sick cattle, and the wash- 
ing of the bouy. To take them inwardly is disorder — not hav- 
ing things in their proper places. 

Now the great advautige that the kingdom of God will have 
over the kingdoms of the world will be in the cn-der existing in 
lis government. The governnjents of the world have disorder 
in them without exception, and this is one reason why they do 
not continue. But there is a system of perfect order in govern- 
ment which will become universal, and to which, as it is 
written, "every knee shall bow," and that kingdom, and the 
greatness of it will be given to the Saints, and they will possess 
it eternally. 

The njore orderly we become, the nearer we aj)proacli to 
what-we know as perfection, and the nearer we are to the time 
when the will of God will be done on earth as it is in heaven, 
everything in order. — [/>'. A'. //., in. Siniihiii Sclionl I'upa- 
of Wlh W'lird S. L. dill. 





'J^li 



»J"U"VE3^ILE IIsTSTI^TJOTOI^, 



^3 



^S 



SAAT'EI^.S OIsT THE BOOK: 

OIF nvcoKyivcoisr. 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
(Condmied.) 



SCHOOLS. 




LESSON XV. 

Q. — For what purpose did Jacob say the records written on tlie 
plates were l-ccptV 

A.— That their brethren and their children might understand that 
they knew of Christ and had a hope of His glory before He was torn. 

Q. — Were the Nephitcs the only people who knew of Christ before 
His birth? 

A. — No; all the holy prophets which were before them had a hope 
of His glory. 

Q.— In whose name did tliey worship the Father ? 

A. — In Ihe name of Jesus Christ. 

Q. — Had the Nephites faith to work miracles in the days of Jacob? 

A. — Yes; he says the very trees, the mountains and the waves of 
the sea obeyed them. 

Q. — By what power were these miracles wrought ? 

A.— By their unshaken faitli and tlicir commanding them in the 
name of Jesus. 

Q. — What means did the Lord use to keep them from being lifted 
up in pride by these great gifts? 

A. — By showing them their weakness. 

Q.— Uo you remember the name of a man among the Nephitcs wlio 
said that there should be no Christ? 

A.' — His name was Sherera. 

Q. — What kind of a man was he ? 
■ A.— He was learned and had great command of language. 

Q. — Had he any success among tlie people ? 

A. — Yes, he led away many of them. 

Q.— Did he meet Jacob ? 

A.— Yes; he hoped to shake liim from tlie faith. 

Q.— Of what did he say Jacob was gnilty ? 

A. — Of blasphemy. 

Q.— Wljy guilty of blasphemy ? 

A.— Because Sherem said he taught the worship of a Ijcing who 
should come, meanhig Christ? 

LESSON XVI. 

Q — W'hat was Sherem's doctrine ? 

A. — That no man could tell of things to come. 

Q._Afler Jacob had tallccd with him what dil Sherem request? 

A. — A sign. 

Q. — What was Jacob's answer? 

A. — Why should he tempt God to show unto Sherem a sign to 
prove that which Shcrcra knew to be true. 

Q. — Was this all ? 

A — No; Jacob said, not his will be done; I'ut if (iod should smite 
Sherem, let that be a sign unlo hhn. 

Q, — A sign unto him of what ? 

A. — -"That God had power hi heaven and iu earth and that Christ 
should come." 

Q.— What followed ? 

A.- The power of the Lord came upon Sherem and he fell to the 
earth. 

Q. — What became of him ? 

A. — He was nourished many days and then died. 

Q. — What request did he make before he died ? 

A.— That the people should gather together. 

tj. — What did he say to them when they came together ? 

A.— He denied what he had taught them ? 

Q.— What did he say concerning Christ, the power of ti c Ilnly 
fihostand the mihistering of angels? 

A. — He confessed they were true. 

Ci. — How did he say he liad been deceived ? 

A. — By the jiower of the devil. 

ti. — What was his great fear ? 

A —That because, having lied unto God, his case would be awful. 

Q. — What cllect did Sherem's words liave upon Ihe people, speak- 
ing these things, as he did, when he was about to die? 

A. — They were astonished cxcce;lingly. 

( To be mntimied. ) 



c^TJESTionsrs j^^istid .A.3sr- 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
{ConiiTMed.) 



SCHOOLS. 



LESSON XV. 

iSubjecl — The Markiaqe of Isaac and Rebreah. 

Q.— What did Rebckah dothen? 

A. — She ran and told them of her mother's house these things.' 

Q. — What was Rcbekah's brother's name ? 

A. — Laban. 

Q. — When Labau heard these things what did he do ? 

A. — He ran out, aud welcomed the servant of Abraham and l.ilessed 
him. 

Q — What else did Laban do ? 

A — He ungirded the camels, gave them straw and provender and 
water to wash the feet of the servant .and the feet of those that were 
with him. 

Q. — Did the servant eat when meat was set before hhn ? 

A. — No, he said he would not eat until he had told his errand. 

Q. — Alter the servant had told his errand, and given a description 
of how had he acted till that time, what was the reply of Laban and 
Bethuel. 

. A. — "The thing proceedeth from the Lord: we cannot speak 
unto thee bad or good. Bcliold Kebekah is before thee; take her, 
and go, and let her be thy master's son's wife, as the Lord hath 
spoken." 

Q. — What did Abraham's serva.it do, when he received that answer? 

A. — He worshiped the Lord, bowing himself to the earth." 

Q. — What else did the servant do ? 

A.— He brought forth jewels of silver, and jewels of gold, and 
raiment, and gave ihem to Rebckah; he gave also to her brother and 
to her mother precious things ? 

Q. — What did the servant do after giving the presents? 

A. — He and the men that were with liim did eat and drink and 
tarried all night. 

Q. — When the servant arose in the morning, what did he sny ? 

A. — "Send luc away unto my master." 
LESSON XVI. 

Q. — How long did Kebekali's brother am! molhcr want her to slay 
before leaving them ? 

A. — At least, ten days. 

Q. — What replj' did the servant make? 

A. — " Hinder me not, seeing the Lord has prospered my wa.v." 

tj. — Wlien Kebekah was called, how did shedceide ? 

A. — She said, "I will go." 

y. — When Rohekahwas lilessed before leaving, what was said to her? 

A. — "Thou art our sister; be thou the mother of thousani^s of 
millions, and let thy seed possess the gate of those which iir.tc 
them." 

Q. — Who accompanied Rebckah on the junrney ? 

A. — Her nurse, and her damsels. 

tj. — How did thc3' travel? 

A. — They rode upon the camels. 

Q. — Who went out to meditate in the liild at tije eventide? 

A. — Isaac. 

Q. — What did he behold when he lifted up his ej'cs? 

A. — He saw the camels were coming. 

Q. — When Rebckah saw Isaac what did she do? 

A. — She alighted from the camel. 

Q. — How did she know him ? 

A. — She iiad asked the servant who it waf walUing hi llic liclil to 
meet them. 

tj.— What reidy did the servant make ? 

A. — " It is my master." 

Q. — What did Keliokah do, immediately she taint this? 

A. — She tool< a vail and covered hcrscll. 

ti. — vVhat did the servant say to Isaac when lie met him ? 

A. — He tuUl him all things that he liatl lionc. 

y.— What did Isaac do? 

A. — He "lirou^lit her Intvi his mother Sarah's tent, and look 
Kebekah, and she became Ills wife; and beloved her; and Isaac was 
comforted after his mother's death." 

(To he conliunrj.) 





44r 



CTTJ^EIsrirjE UsTSTI^TJOTOI^, 




^\t SuNailg |tt$ltJacloi?» 



^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - • EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MARCH 15, 1873. 

EiDiToi^i^Xi th:otjc3-h:ts. 




I,V 



N our last we called your attention to and 
till J you suuJcthiDg about the bill introduced 
into the Senate of the United States, by 
3Ir. Frelinshuysen, to "enforoe the laws in 
Utali.'" That bill had been prepared by 
the enemies of Zion, probably by some 
living iu i^alt Lake City; and some of that 
dtiss, who all the time take the lead in lying 
about and trying to cause trouble between 
the Saints in thi-s Territory and the General 
Government, made journeys to Washington for 
the purpose of filling the ears and intluencing 
the minds of leading men there with their mis- 
r 'prescntatiiins. They induced members of 
Congress, fully charged with their lies, to visit 
the President of the United States, and tell him a 
terrible story about the wickedness and disloyalty 
of the " Jlormons," and that dignitary, deceived by 
their falsehoods, took the trouble to send a njessage 
to Congress, rec-ommcnding its memliers to enact 
whatever legislation they might think necessary to make the 
Saints "obey the laws," or, in other words, to jilace them in 
the power of those who are continually plotting to bring 
destruction uj)on them. 

Such action as this is rarely taken by the President of the 
United States, but when it is, it generally has great influence 
with Congress, and it seemed to have in this case, for the Senate 
of the United States pass d the bill we told you about in the 
"Editurial Thoughts," in the last number. Here was a 
triumph for the anti-Muruions of Utah, and one which 
.seemingly rendered the success of their jilaus mure sure than 
over. 

There were two little things still in the way, cau.-ing them 
uneasiness, one was the adjournment of Cotigress was very near; 
and the other, the great amount of important business which 
the House of Representatives had to attend to before it 
adjourned. Owing to one or both of these facts the Senate 
Utah bill might not be acttd ui)on by the House, and in that 
case, defeat Would a>:ain cover the enemies of Zion. These 
latter, however, had friends in the House of Representatives, 
and some of them made almust frantic exertions to have the 
House pass the hill; but they failed and the House adjjurned 
withiiut doing anything with if, and the new crusade against 
the Saints has been nipped in the bud, and thoy will, perhaps, 
'oe allowed to gn alung in pi.ace and riuietuess awhile longer, at 
any rate. 

There is a Scotch proverb which says that "The best laid 
schemes of mice and men gang aft aglee," that is, fall through. 
The auibor of this was the famous poet Robert Burns. 
Whether lie penned it under the influence of inspiration or as 
the result of his observations upon human affairs, it does not 
matter, it is true, and we think all the .schemers against Zion 
and its people must iiow be of Rums' cipiniun. After months 
of labor, one of the vilest and most coniplete plots they had 
ever formed against the liberties and lives of the Saints seemed 
to be just ripe, ami like the train ready laid needed only the 
match to fire it off, when In and behold the bubble hursts, and 



triumph for them now seems to be as far away as ever. Surely 
their feelings can not be of a very joyful character to-day, and, 
no doubt, if you could, you would all feel "'sorry for them, very 
sorry," for there can not be a doubt that they are both surprised 
and mortified beyond expression. 

Experience is said to be the best of teachers, but some people 
seem to be so dull that eveu that fails to teach them good sense. 
If some of the anti-Mormons and other enemies of the Saints 
now abundant in this Territory could have been taught by 
experience they might not now be in the ranks of defeat. 
But the Scriptures say that if you bray a fool in a mortar he is 
a fool still. During the i)rogress of the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints noted public men have at various 
times sought to block its way and to injure its people, but in 
every instance they have failed, and nearly if not every one of 
them has from that time gone down in public estimation, and 
most of them have ere long been scorned by their former 
supporters. Some of them are now in the oblivion of unhon- 
orcd graves. This has been the fate of such parties in the 
l^ast, and it will be of all such in the future. If these lessons 
of history had the effect which they should have some who 
are numbered among our enemies to-day would not be found 
there, for ordinary prudence teaches that it is not good to be 
on the losing side. 

1 he cause of these repeated failures of the enemies of Zion, 
seems to be hidden from their eyes, though it is well known to 
the youngest of our readers, and can be very briefly stated. 
In laying their plans and pushing them forward they lose sight 
of one very important fact — they leave God out of the 
question, and "Jlormouism" is His work. That is the sole 
cause of their failures time after time. If they i)lotted only 
against the Saints, mortals as frail and feeble as they are, they 
might, perhaps, have greater success; but in fighting against 
Zion they are lifting their puny arms against the King of 
kings, and the principles of eternal truth, and all the powers 
on earth and beneath it combined, can never prevail against or 
overturn either. This is why these plots have always failed 
hitherto, and all formed hereafter, no matte'r how cunningly 
devised, or bow well they may be supi-.orted, will fail for the 
same reason, and this is why those who form and favor them will 
be brought to grief. Nothing can prevent this. The Lord is 
omnipotent. His set time to favor Zion has come, and her peo- 
ple — the salt of the whole earth — can no more be legislated out of 
existence, or held down by oppression than the cream can be 
kejit from coming to the surface of the milk. They may be 
annoyed and persecuted from time to tiujc, but their triumph 
is sure. The will of the ujajoriry must prevail, and in all 
unjust and oppressive move i ents started against the Latter-day 
Saints, the world will learn sooner or later that God and His 
[leiiiile arc a big majority. 



Sf.NPAV School (lass Recisters.— The Superintendents 
of Sabbath schools are hereby nolitied that the Class Registers 
are now published and can be had at the Deserct News Office, 
j)rice §10 per loi', or 10 cents each, for any number required. 
It is very desirable that all the Sabbath schools should be 
immediately supplied with these Registers, so that correct 
statistics of the Sabbath school interest can be readily furnished 
quarterly, as well as a tendency to classify and discipline both 
teachers and scholars in the jirinci|)li's of order and true intelli- 
gence niay be induced. John B. Maiben, 

Secretary. 



\ LllTT.E boy once stopped at a country tavern and paid for 
his lodgings by sawing wood, instead of asking it as a gift. 
Fifty years later, the same boy passed the same inn as George 
I'eabody, the banker. 



O 



■%\ 



y-i 




0" TJ ^ E IsT I L E IILTSTI^TJOTOI^, 




45 



THE FJ^XjI^ TK.ee, 



HEKE we have a very fine piclure of one of the aost beauti- 
ful and useful trees grown in the world. Look at it and see 
how tall and smooth the stem is, and about the same thickness 
from bottom to top; and then what an elegant crown of long 
slender leaves, making a perfect picture, as though it had been 
made to order, and finished in the best style of art. Then as 
to usefulness, why there is probably not a tree in existence to 
equal it. You have no doubt read sometime or other about the 
Laplander and his reindeer, and the Arabian and his camel, 
and of the many uses each of these animals is put to, both 
living and dead, the reindeer by the Laps, the camel by the 



'^^T^^-i, 



mi'> 




Arabs. They furnish them with almost every thing they need. 
It is a good deal so with some kinds of palm tree among the 
people living in those regions where they grow. We shall tell 
you more about their usefulness by and by. What makes them 
still more valuable, they flourish where no other tree will grow, 
that is in the sandy wastes of the hottest countries. They are 
found in bloom and beauty in the deserts of Africa, and are 
abundant in the East Indies, and in the islands in the East 
Indian seas; some varieties also grow in the tro[)ical regions of 
this continent, others in the West Indies. 
The palm in the desert is a sign of hope to the weary 



traveler, for he finds fruit to allay his hunger on its branches, a 
shade from the burning sun beneath them, and what is often 
better still, water close by to quench his thirst, for wherever a 
palm trees rears its graceful trunk and evergreen crown there is 
almost sure to be water nigh at hand. 

Palm trees grow slowly, and live a long time, and it scarcely 
matters how fierce the sun, or violent the storm, they flourish in 
spite of both. They are nearly all very tall trees, and look 
taller than they are, because their trunks or stems are straight 
and, as you see in the picture, free irom branches. Some of 
them reach'a bight of two hundred feet. The leaves of nearly 

■ all palm trees are very 
slender and, of some of 
tham as much as four 
yards long. They are 
feathery in appear- 
ance and are said to 
be very beautiful and 
picturesque. 

Too much can scarce- 
ly be said of the value 
of the palms. Some of 
them yield very useful 
timber, and from many 
of them are obtained 
delicious fruit, and 
other things useful. 
Those best acquainted 
with the palm say that 
the various kinds of 
this tree yield wine, 
oil, flour ior making 
bread, sugar, salt, ma- 
terials for weapons of 
war, sewing thread, 
timber for dwellings, 
ihatch to put on the 
roofs, materials for 
beautiful mats, baskets 
etc. I'erhaps the best 
known of the jialm 
trees are those which 
yield the cocoa nut and 
the fruit called the 
date. There is no 
need to say anything 
about cither of these, 
most of you know they 
are very pleasant to the 
taste. From another 
of the palms sago is 
obtained, and that, 
also, is a very pleasant 
and wholesome article 
of food. In the stores, 
or bazars, in the East 
Indies, is sold a liquor called toddy, which is got by tapping 
the trunks of palm trees. When this toddy is distilled it is 
called arrack, and is one rf the most powerful and least whole- 
some of all intoxicating drinks. Another of the palms yields the 
noted betel nut, which is chewed by the natives of eastern 
countries, the same as Americans chew tobacco. The effects <if 
the betel nut and tobacco are said to be nearly alike, only tiio 
former is stronger than the latter. 

In many parts of the Holy Land and Egypt palm trees are 
now very scarce where they were numerous in ancient times. 
■Jericho was once called " the city of palm trees," because the 



P 



46 



OTTJ^EilNriLE] IISrSTI^TJOTOI?.. 




best kind grew there in great abundapce; now it is almost as 
free from trees as a wilderness. Tadmor of the wilderness, 
now Palmyra, the name of another city mentioned in Scripture, 
was ODce celebrated for the number and eicellenee of its palms; 
now it is a ruin in the midst of a wUderness of sand. Bethany, 
the name of a city mentioned in the New Testament, means the 
''house of dates," and the date you know is the fruit of the 
palm. 

Th» palm tree was held iu great esteem by the ancients, and 
especially by the dwellers in eastern lands, by whom it was 
regarded as a symbol of uprightness. In many places in the 
Scriptures it is spoken of as something which was considered 
precious and valuable; and one of the observances required by 
the Lord of His ancient people, was to carry palm branches at 
their solemn feasts and rejoicings, as the palm was considered 
a symbol of joy, success and victory. In the New Testament 
account of the Savior's triumphal entry into Jerusalem we read 
that, to do Him honor, the people strewed Ilis path with 
branches of the palm tree. A custom common among the 
Catholics of the present day, at the time of Easter, when ihe 
resurrection of the Lord Jesus is celebrated, is to carry branches 
of palm; and one of their festivals is called "Palm Sunday.' 

Several centuries ago, in Europe, pilgrimages to the Holy 
Land were quite common, it being considered a mark of extra 
piety to visit the scenes of the ministry, suBeriugs and death of 
the Ecdecmer and Ilis apostles. It was the custom for this 
class of pilgrims to bring a branch of jialiu with them on their 
riiturn home, and for this reason the name "palmer" was given 
to them. 

When it is remembered that the pilm grows and flourishes 
for centuries in the desert, that it is one of, if not the most 
beautiful of all trees, and that it yields so many things useful iu 
sustaining the life of man, it must be regarded as one of the 
most wonderful productions of the vegetable kingdom. 

The engraving rei>rosents the date palm, with the city of 
Cairo, the capital of Egypt, and the pyramids in tiie distalK*;. 



UTS 



T o K. "Y o :f 
G h: TJ K. G h:. 

(Co/iliJiucU.) 



THE 




THK (tjuutry through which the "Murnion IJattaliou" passed 
iu the early pait of December abounded with wild cattle. 
It was estimated that about four thousand of them were seen in 
one day. Many of these were killed to furnish the battalion 
with beef, and of that kind of food the men had a surfeit, for 
they had beef and that alone to subsist upon. There seemed 
to be comparatively few cows in the herds they saw, and it was 
|)resumcd that they had been killed off by tlie Indians. The 
wild bulls were disposed to show light, especially when wounded, 
and W)mc little trouble and excitement was caused in the ranks 
by these animals bounding into the midst of the men in their 
mad fury and goring and tramplin'-' upon everything in their 
way. Two men were severely injured, one mule gored to 
death and some others were knocked down and hurt. These 
bulls were very hard to kill and would charge upon the men in 
furious desperation after having half a dozen bullets shut into 
them, unless one happened to penetrate the heart. While 
traveling down the river San I'edro, where thickets of uiuskcet 
and other brush were very abundant, the attacks of these 
wild animals became so frequent that it was found necessary flir 
the .safety of the men, to travel with their muskets read.- loaded 
and fire a volley at the animals on their first approach. 

The guides, who were sent on in advance of the battalion, 
returned one evening and re[)orted that the'ir most dinct roiue 
was through the old garrison town of Tucson, about two day.s 
travel in advance of them, but that they would likely find 
difficulty in passing through it. as there was a strong force of 



Mexican soldiers there, who could easily raise volunteers among 
the citiz .ns to assist them iu offering a resistance, and that they 
intended to prevent the battalion from entering their town. 
Also that one of their number, Doctor Foster, had been detained 
at Tucson as a spy. 

Colonel Cooke was not the man to' be daunted, nor turned a 
hundred miles out of his way by a Mexican garrison, and he 
accordingly drilled his men, inspected their fire-arms, dealt out 
to them an extra supply of ammunition, and issued to them the 
following order : 

" He.vdquartei«, Mormon Battalion 

Camp on the San Pedro, Dec. 13, lSf(). 

"Thus far on our course to California we have followed the 
guides furnished us by the general. These guides now point to 
Tucson, a garrison town, as our road and assert that any other 
course is a hundred miles out of the way and over a trackless 
wilderness of mountains, rivers and hills. We will march then 
to Tucson. We came not to make war on Sonora and less still 
to destroy an important outpost of defence against Indians. 
But we will take the straight road before us and overcome all 
resistance, but shall I remind you that the American soldier 
ever shows justice and kindness to the unarmed and unresist- 
ing. The property of individuals you will hold sacred : the 
jieoiile of Sonora are not our cmemics. 

"J?y order of Lt. Coi>. Cookj:. 

"P. C. Meriull, Adjutant." 

Tiic battalion then resumed their march towards Tucson. 
On the way they met three Spanish soldiers bringing a message 
ii'om the Ciovernor of Fort Tucson to Colonel Cooke, informing 
him that he must pass around the town, otherwise he would 
have to light. These soldiers were taken prisoners by order of 
the Colonel, to be held as hostages for the safety of Dr. Foster, 
who was detainLd by the Mexicans. He then sent two guidts to 
Fort Tucson and informed the Governor of what he had done 
and that he did not intend to alter his course, but should pass 
through the town peaceably. That night a number _ of 
Siianiards from Tucson arrived at the battalion eamp bringing 
with them Doctor Foster and the two guides last sent there, 
when, of course, they redeemed the Spanish prisoners wlio were 
hcki as hostages. The following morning the commaud 
marched to Tucson, where they met with no opposition, for the 
soldiers and a great many of the citizens had been so overcome 
with fear on hearing of the approach of the battalion that they 
had fled and taken with them their two cannons and what 
valuable projjcrty they could get away with, and Icl't the town 
and the rest of the inhabitants to the mercy of their supposed 
enemies. The citizens who remained, treated the comnjand in 
the best pos>ilile style, and exchanged coarse fl(mr, meal, beans, 
tobacco, (piinces, etc., for old clothes and such things as the 
men had to disjiose of. A large quantity of wheat belonging to 
the Spanish government was found stored in the town, out 
of which the Colonel ordered the mules to be led and that suf- 
ficient of it be taken along with them to feed the mules a 
distance of ninety miles; but though he took this liberty with 
the government property, he strictly charged his men to bold 
sacred private property as they passed through the to.vn. 
After leaving Tucson, the battalion had an extensive desert to 
cross which again put to the test the endurance of the uumi. 
For a distance of seventy-five miles they traveled.witbout water 
for their mules and but a very little for a few of the men; aiid 
that little such as they could suck or lap up out of nmd holes in 
some marshy places they found. Colonel Cooke, the ollicer in 
command, though very strict with iiis men and rigid in Uie 
enforcement of discipline, could not refrain from expressing the 
pride he naturally felt at the willingni'ss of his men to brave 
danger, endure hardships and obey his orders. After getting 
acro.ss the desert he remarked that he never would havo 
ventured upon it if he had known its situation and what a task 




^^ 



a:TJ"VEi>riLE ih^sti^tjotoi?/. 



47 




it would be to cross it. He congratulated his men on their 
success in getting through and said that he did not believe any 
other class of men could have accomplished what they had done 
without showiug signs of mutiny. On reaching the Gila river 
ibey met hundreds of Pemo Indians who greeted them warmly, 
traded their provisions and gave them the privilege of traveling 
through their villages. These Indians were peaceably disposed, 
contented, stalwart fellows and superior in every respect to 
those the battalion had previously encountered on their journey. 
They spent their time principally in tilling the soil and u'anu- 
facturing clothing, in which branches they displayed consider- 
able skill. The Mexicans, on learning of the approach of the 
battalion, had tried to induce these Indians to unite with them 
in offering a resistance, promising them if they would do so 
that they should have all the spoO to be obtained in a fight. 
This the Pemo chief flatly refused to do, saying that his tribe 
had never shed the blood of white men and he did not wish 
them to. On reaching the Gila river the battalion intersected 
General Kearney's trail, which up to this time had been con- 
siderably north of their route. Colonel Cooke also obtained 
. from the chief of the Pemos a quantity of store goods and some 
mules that he had been entrusted with by General Kearney to 
keep until the battalion arrived. In this vicinity also they met 
three pilots sent back by General Kearney to meet and conduct 
the battalion by the nearest route to the ocean. These pilots 
informed tl e Colonel that he had made the trip to there in one 
month's less time than General Kearney expected. 
( To be continued ) 



[For l\ie JavenCie Instruelor. 



TKE ^a^t:m:osi=h:e:re.--isi o. 3. 




IF we fill a tall glass jar with water and cover it with a piece 
of stiff writing paper, then suddenly invert the jar, the water 
will, for a time, be supported by the pressure of the atmosphere. 
For, the atmosphere presses in every direction alike, both up- 
wards and downwards, as may be seen by this experiaicut; 
there is no danger of the water falling as there is a pressure, or 
force of 15 pounds upon every square inch of the paper, so that 
a vessel three inches in diameter could be pressed upwards with 
u force exceeding 100 pounds. 

If a tube of three inches in length is filled with mercury, 
(a metal known as quicksilver) on being inverted in such a 
manner that the open end stands in a mercurial bath, or trough 
of the mutal, the mercury will fall in the tube until its bight 
from the level of the bath is about 30 inches. Tliere is no 
reason why the metal should not fall lower except thit the same 
kind of upward pressure that sustains water in an inverted jar 
prevents the quicksilver from falling. A proof that this is true 
is found in the fact that when the pressure is removed from the 
surface of the mercury by means of an air-pump, the mercury 
in the tube descends; and, on re-admitting the air, the itresaure 
being again renewed, the mercury is again forced up into the tube. 

This property of mercury is common to other fluids, but this 
metal is very heavy and very convenient as well, so that it has 
been used foi- njaking the barometer, an instrument invented 
by tiie befjrc named Turricelli, by means of which the weight 
and elasticity of the atm(jsphcre may be determined. 

At the level of the sea the gravitating force, or weight of the 
air is greater than at higher levels, consc(iuently the pressure 
upon the wjlumn of mercury is greater. The barometer is so 
constructed as to show any difference there may be in the 
pressure, by means of a graduated scale, marked in inches and 



parts of inches, or by millimetres, a French measure of length 
frequently used. With this instrument scientists ascertain the 
bight of mountains and aeronauts judge of the elevation above 
the sea level; one mountain (Snowdon) at the base measured 
30 inches bar., at the summit 26 and a fraction; in one balloon 
ascent (Glaisier's) 30 inches was recorded when leaving the 
earth and at a bight too intensely cold to make any records, as 
the occupants of the balloon were nearly frozen, Glaisier reports 
the mercury down to 10 inches with the balloon still rising 
rapidly 1 

We need not envy Mr. Glaisier and his companions, although 
they were elevated above the bights attained to by ordinary men, 
for the thermometer (an instrument used to measure heat) was 
many degrees below zero, and their sufferings were severe in 
the extreme, but the daring aeronauts "gloried in what they 
had achieved in having ascended six miles above Terra firma," 
by which is meant the solid earth upon which we tread. How- 
ever the uses of the barometer are not merely for balloon pur- 
poses, which, as yet, are not of great importance; it is used in 
every civilized country for meteorological as well as other 
scientific investigations that bid fair to be of lasting benefit to man. 

The weight of the atmosphere is taken advantage of in the 
construction of the common pump; although for some two 
thousand years the cause of water rising in a pump was not 
known. It was Torricclli that discovered the reason when he 
discovered the mercurial punjp — the barometer. He exploded 
the old idea that "Nature abhorred a vacuum," and proved 
that on exhausting tbe air from the pump-bore the pressure of 
the atmosphere forced the water into the tube, thus causing it 
to rise in a manner, apparently, opposed to gravitation. He 
also showed that the weight of a column of air, that is the 
bight of the atmosphere, is exactly balanced by a column of 
mertiury of one inch area and thirty inches in hight. 

It is interesting to know that " during sixty years of extend- 
ed observation the constituents of the atmosjihere have varied 
very little at different elevations, however different the gravity 
of the air may have been; and that there has been no apparent 
diminution of oxygen and nitrogen," an evidence of the har- 
monious relations existing between animal and vegetable \ik^ 
by which the oxygen consumed by one is restured by the other, 
and the atmosphere is preserved from age to age in a condition 
to give life, health and enjoyment to all the creations of our 
Father. Beth. 



IPJ^TJI-. I-T^JVriPTOIsr'S C3-OOID 
iFOK^TXJJsTEl. 



u 



On, Paul ! don't you wish we were rich, like the family at 
Kill Lodge, and that papa could drive to town every day 
in bis carriage as Mr. Kivers does? and there's Julian, too, 
only your age, rides a horse now — he might have given you his 
little pony, it was very mean to sell it." 

"Sister let us be thankful that our father is able to walk, 
and not crippled like IMr. Kivers; but do j'ou believe that I, 
who am taller than Julian, would ride that little ])ony? A 
pretty figure I should cut with my long legs almost touching 
the ground." 

"Ah, but sometimes I cannot help wishing wc were rich," 
and Dora Hamptrm sighed, as she glanced down at her faded 
calico dress. 

" Have courage and patience, little sis; I hope soon to get a 
place and earn some money, then, when I grow to be a man, 
you are to be my little housekeeper. Hut here comes Julian, 
riding at full gallop down tlie hill; what brings him, I wonder 
for we have not been v<'ry gnod liiends of late?" 

"Ilallii tlicrel" cried Julian. Hold my horse while I come 
in for a few minutes." Again he rei)cated the summons in a 
louder tone. 







48 



TU'VEIsriLE Z ITS TI^TJ OTOE/. 



\A» 



^ 




•'Who are you calling to, Master Elvers?" 
"To you, of course; you don't keep a groom. I guess." 
"Wo do not, sir, neither am I one; so when you condescend 
to ride down into the valley, attend to your Imrsc yourself." 

Pora watched Julian as he alighted and tied his horse to the 
garden gate. He was handsomely dressed in a velvet suit, 
with riding gloves, and dainty, little, well-fitting boots; but be 
luiiked pale and sickly, for his appetite was pampered with rich, 
unwholesome food, and he was allowed to sit up until all hours 
of the night. Then she glanced toward her brother. What a 
contrast ! With his dark handsome eyes, and noble brow a'ld 
cheek, browned by exposure to the sun; even those coarse, 
home-made garments looked well upon his erect figure. " I'll 
never wish for riches any more," thought Pora. 

"Puff, Puff!" exclaimed Julian as lie entered; "how 
smothering it is in this little room, with its low ceiling ! Oh, 
I)ora ! I did not see you in that dark corner." 

"Look you, sir!" cried Paul, indignantly, "this is my 
father's dwelhng, and as such, is sacred in my eyes. Stay 
without in future, and do not come here to insult us." 

"Excuse me, Paul, for I really didn't intend to offend you," 
and Julian held out his hand. " I came to ask if .vou would go 
to town with me; I want a new riding whip, and no end of 
tilings." 

" Xot in the dusty highway at your horse's heels; but if you 
walk there liy the meadow, and through the little wo(pd, 1 don't 
object, lor I have some errands in town fur mother." 

"Agreed, then; may I put up my horse somewhere till we 
return?'' 

" Yes, in the old barn; there is plenty of straw and he will 
be quite safe there. I'll assist you now, Julian, and any time 
when you treat me as your equal, and drop putting on airs." 

"All right, Paul. But what shall I bring yoK from town, 
Pora, " and Julian rattled a handful of silver dollars in his 
jiocket. 

"Nothing, thank you." Pora Ilanjiiton was not a whit less 
))roud than her brother. 

The two boys foUuwed the narrow footjiath through the 
meadow, though almost hidden from their sight by the long, 
waving grass, I'aul sometimes stopping to gather a few wild 
flowers, flir the garden at Pale Cottage was not rich in floral 
ornaments. They did not wait to go round by the old bridge. 
which spanned the little stream half a mile away, but, drawing 
off their shoes and stockings waded through the wati'r, sitting 
awhile to rest on the other side, and planning a fishing excur- 
sion for a future day. Beyond th/ stream lay the little wood, and 
there I'aul gathered the wild honey-suckles and the delicate 
fern to add to his bouquet, biding it beneath the rushes at the 
water' .■< edge until their return. 

Th(,' iileasant shady wood was jiassed, a winding lane suc- 
ceeded, from wliencc the church sinrcs and lofiy buildings of 
the town were visible. The two companiuns soon reached the 
wide suburb of the principal street, wliieh was traversed in all 
directions by many others. 

They visited one store, Paul made the household j>ureliases 
for his mother, and various others on Julian's account, who 
soon disposed of all his money. '• And now," he siiid, " 1 have 
not a red cent left." 

" I'reeiscly my case," cried Paul, "with this difference, that 
I started out without any of my own. Hallo! what's this'/ 
Stop, stop, Jule." 

The boy lifted something from beneath his feet; it was a 
pocket-book filled with notes, .-(ime of a high value. 

"How lucky!" exclaimed Julian, "just when our jioikets 
were empty. I^l's go halves on the spot, or, ralluT, hurry on 
intn the lane, and there count our treasure." 

" (Jur Ire'isure^ — ion had passed by, nod were not the findi-r, 
neither is it mine to divide.' 

f'lo be continued,) 



%tlu%%h ^odtJy, 



'PHEE LITITIIjEI I<rEAA7"SBOir. 



Ont in the dark of the suow-coTcrcd street 
Wearily patter the poor little feet: 
Eyes sleepy, form tired — he's worked all the ila.v, 
For poor little Robbie has no time to play. 

Gladly he'd hie to liis snug little bed, 

But the children at home would he crying for bread; 

And Rolbie must sell all his papers to-night, 

Or the children will be in a sorrowful plight. 

Poor Robbie's no father to work for him now : 
And that is why Robbie is out in tiic snow. 
And his dear mother sighs, as she says with a tear, 
' Wliata pitiful night, would that Robliie were here." 

Then she throws down her work, and she opens the door. 
She has opened it certainly five times before; 
And she cries, " Ah, he's coming, I hear the glad song 
'I'hat my dear Robbie sings as he trudges along." 

And Robbie spreads ont his hardly-earned store 
Of pennies— oh ! Robbie, I wish they were more — 
And he says, "Mother, dear, I think I've done well 
Every one of my papers this cold night to sell." 

Then his mother — her heart is too full to speak — 
Kisses poor little Robliie upon his cold cheek, 
And thanks the p;reat God, though of much she's bereft, 
That her good little Robbie at least has been left. 

Dear child, sitting warm by your fire to-night. 
While the snow king is out in his garments of white. 
Thank the God of all comfort, of light and of joy, 
Tliat yon are not Robbie, tlie htt.le newsl>oy. 



(f)(ltP(S|IOIl&EltfC. 

^ 

Wi>ST UlsTiciCT, I'orlerville, I'ob. In, IST:;. 
EilHor .Turcnile Instructor : 

Sir— We send you a report of our Sunday School Jubilee, which 
came off to-day, in our L)l6trict school-house, which was suitably 
decorated with cver^Tccns, pictiu'cs and mottoes. 

At Imlf-past one o'clock p.m. the children, to the numlier of lifty 
with their .superintendent, teachers and parents, were called to order 
by Superintendent Thomas ]iryut;h. After singing and prayer, the 
children eujo.vcd the dancc' fur three hours, when an address was 
delivered by I'rcsident Ahna Porter, who spoke in a very impressive 
and instructive manner upon the priuciple& of obedience to parents, 
teacliers and priesthood, on observing good order and acting with 
projiriety in all positions of life. 

In the evening the parents and others united in a dance, the pro- 
ceeds for the iK'Tielil of the Snnda.v School liibrary. 

Respectfully, Tho.was Biiouon, Siipt., 

A.\RON SMiTniiiisr, Sec. 

crxjATEisriXjni! i2srsTR.TJCTOi^ 

Is pub'ished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVKIIY OTHER SATURILW. 

CEORCE Q CANNON, EDITOR A, PUBLISHER. 

T E R .M S IN A D V A N C K 

fiiiiyle Copy, per Annum $2 00. 

*Si^ Grain brousjlit to this City for the .Iovknile Instructor will be 
received at the oflire of our paper— DK.1KRKT Nkws Buii.niNGs. 




