. 




" BUT WITH ALL, THY GETTING 
GET UNDERSTANDING.'' 




THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER 



18G7. 



NO. 23. 



HISTOBT O IF JESUS .-O H J^ IF T IE IR, VIII 



THIS picture is designed to represent the garden of Gethse- 
niane. To this place Jesus retired with three of his 
apostles, Peter, James and John. 

He knew that the time was approaching when, not only all 
men would forsake him, but when the great God, his Father 
would so far withdraw His power and protection from him, that 
his enemies would prevail over him, and take his life in a most 
cruel and disgraceful manner. He, who was to lie a sacrifice 
for the world, seemed at that time, to feel the weight of the 
sins of the whole world resting upon him. 

He was pure and innocent, and in this respect his feeling- 
were very different froiii those of a wicked person, for nothing 
is so hard to 
bear as a feeling 
of guilt. Jesus 
knew he was to 
die a cruel death 
— he had con- 
s e n t e d to re- 
deem the world, 
long before the 
earth existed — 
he had even 
volunteered t o 
do it, when he 
dwelt with his 
Father, at the 
time when the 
great plan of 
man's redemp- 
tion was formed 
in the midst of 
a grand council 
of the Gods. 
And Jesus had 
a very keen and 

painful foretaste of the dreadful scene of suffering that awaited 
him; and he told the three apostles who were with him in the 
garden of Gethsemane that his soul was exceedingly sorrowful, 
and he desired them to remain where they Were, and keep 
watch, while he went a short distance to pray. He went, and 
fell on his face, and prayed: "0 Father, if it is possible, let 
this cup paes from me, nevertheless, not as 1 will, but as thou 
wilt." 

How strange is was, that in such a tii f anguish of mind 

which Jesus was passing through, that those apostles should 

have been so destitute of sympathy as to suffer themselves to 
fall asleep, when he had requested them to watchl Hut the 
powers of darkness were so great, that when Jesus returned to 




them he found them fast asleep, and said "What! could you 
not watch with me one hour?" He saw they had no control 
over themselves, and excused them by saying "'Truly, the spirit 
is willing but the flesh is weak." He then went from them the 
second and third time and prayed the same as at the first; and 
his agony of feeling was so great, that, instead of perspiring as 
people naturally do, his sweat was in large drops, like blood. 
Each time when he returned to Peter. James and John, he 
found them as'eep, and the last time, he told them to sleep on 
and take their rest, for the hour was near when the Son Ahman 
should be betrayed into the hands of sinners. He then said to 
the three apostles: "Rise, let us be going: he that betrays me 

is at hand." 
And be f o r e 
Jesus had done 
speaking, Ju- 
das, one of the 
twelve apostles, 
and a great 

multitude came, 

with swords to 
take him. This 
multitude was 
nothing more 
nor less than a 
mob with an 
apostle at their 
lnad, and they 
were urged on 
to this wicked- 
ness b y t h e 
chief priests 
and elders of 

the people. The 

L a 1 1 e r-d a y 

Saints, w h o 

have been in t! i> church neatly from its commencement, have, 
had considerable experience in movements very similar to the 
one described: lor the multitude that went to take Jesus were 
-o ignorant of Mm that Judas had to give them a sign that 

they might know which was the to tike they did not even 

know his person, but JuduS told them that whosoever ho 
should kiss, they were to grasp and hold fast; and when he 

came to Jesus he said "Hail, master," and kissed him. Jesus 

said to him, ''Judas, helraycM. thou the Son Ahman with a 

loss?" 

One thai was a friend to Jesus, felt so indignant at seeing 
them lay hands on him. lli.it lie drew hia .-word and struck a 
servant of one of the high priests and cut oil his cur; Hut 



^.^■^'yr^ 



k&^i- 



-*e"^>c! 



178 



JUATBITILE INSTBUCTOB 



Jesus reproved him by saying "Put your sword back in its 
sheath; for all they that, take the sword shall perish by the 
sword." He then put forth his hand and healed the wounded 
man; and said to the one that smote him, ''Think you that I 
cannot now pray to my Father, and He shall immediately send 
me more than twelve legions of angels? But how, then, shall 
the scriptures be fulfilled, that thus it must be?'' 

Not long after they had taken him, Jesus said to some of the 
multitude, "Are ye come out as against a thief, with swords 
and staves, to take me? I sat daily with you in the temple, 
teaching, and you did not lay hold of me." But all this was 
done that the words of the prophet might be fulfilled. 

Then all of the apostles forsook Jesus, and fled and left him 
in the midst of his enemies, who took him to a high priest 
called Caiaphas, where many priests and scribes had assembled; 
but Peter followed in the distance, and went into tl e high 
priest's palace and sat with the servants, to see the result. And 
he heard those wicked priests and eiders counseling together, 
trying to find some accusation against Jesus, so that they could 
put him to death; but they could not find any. At last there 
came two false witnesses who testified that he said he v as able 
to destroy the temple of God, and build it in three days; and 
that was the worst that even false witnesses dare to say against 
him. Jesus made no reply, although the high priest was very 
anxious that he should, that from his replies, they might get 
something to accuse him of. Jesus knew their thoughts, and 
when the high priest found that he could not persuade Jesus to 
answer the false witnesses, he said, "I entreat you by the living 
God, to tell us whether thou art the Christ, the Son of God." 
Jesus then said to him, "Thou hast said, and I say to you that 
hereafter, you shall see the Son Ahman sitting on the right 
hand of power, and coming in the clouds of heaven." 

E. R. S. 









w 

•r 



n< 



W 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

"VISIT IX1IV- 



TIIE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 

[CONTINUED.] 

*'l"T is very strange," said papa, "that I never noticed that 
1 passage before, although I have frequently read the 
revelations." 

"I can very well understand that," replied Elder R., "my 
experience has taught me that the Bible is a sealed book in 
the hands of the Gentiles." 

"The Gentiles," exclaimed papa, "whom do you mean?" 
"Pardon me," replied Elder R., "I should have said those 
who are out of the pale of the Church of Christ, There is 
also another distinction. The sons of Israel arc scattered in 
all nations, and through intermarriage are mixed up with the 
Gentile nations; but God has declared by the mouth of his 
prophets, and by the promises given to his patriarchs, that in 
the last days he would gather his people together; the Jews to 
Jerusalem, and the sons of Ephraim and Manassah to Zion. 
Isaiah and Micah have both foretold this gathering 'And it 
shall come to pass in the Inst days, that the mountain of the 
Lord's house shall be established in the tops of the mountains, 
and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow 
unto it. And many people shall go and say, come ye, and Itt 
■us (jo up to the mountain of the Lord, to the house of the God 



of Jacob; and lie will teach us of liis ways, and we will walk in 
Ids paths; for eut of Zion shall go forth, the law, and the word 
o/ the Lord from Jerusalem. Isaiah II. 2. 3. Micah IV. 1. 2. 
This is a plain, straight-forward prophecy, foretelling the com- 
munication to exist between God the Father'and Jlis children, 
and their desire to learn of his ways and wulk in his paths, and 
it will be fulfilled in this generation. 

You seem to be very ready with the Bible," said papa. 

"It is a great blessing to be able to understand it, sir," said 
Elder R, "It is only properly understood by having the same 
spirit by which it was written. Men like unto us, with the 
same passions, failings and weaknesses, have been inspired by 
the Holy Ghost and have been able to foretell the important 
events relative to the establishment of the Church and King- 
dom of God in the last days and the overthrow of sin and 
wickedness. To understand the prophecies and instructions 
given by them, we must have the gift of the Holy Ghost. 
The absence of the authority to confer this has caused men to 
depend upon their own wisdom, and education has been sought 
after to enable men to expound the scriptures; but what have 
they made of them? They declare they do not mean what 
they say, and place, what they call, a spiritual interpretation 
upon them. When the church of God was upon the earth the 
Holy Ghost was conferred after baptism, upon all who joined it 
and became the disciples of Jesus Christ; the same has been 
restored to-day, for the same cause always produces the same 
result." 

"Bo those who believe in the divine mission of Joseph Smith 
receive the Holy Ghost after baptism?" asked papa. 

"Yes, sir," replied Elder R., "Joseph was a disciple of 
Jesus Christ, and his mission was to usher in the dispensation 
of the fulness of times, and he received his instructions from 
the Savior, through the Holy Ghost, the comforter. 1 have 
shown you the necessity of the apostleship and authority to 
preach the gospel, let me prove to you the impossibility of 
assuming this power. The first principle in the gospel of 
Christ is faith in God. Jesus said the whole superstructure 
was upon two commandments: l Thou shalt love, the Lord thy 
God with all thy heart, and thy neighbor as thyself. 1 It is 
certain there would be very little trouble in the world if this 
was carried out in word and deed. It is also necessary to 
believe in Jesus Christ, for if we did not believe in his mission, 
we would not hearken to his instructions or be obedient to his 
counsels; then we should not be born again, without which no 
man can see the Kingdom of God. (John III. 3.) Then re- 
pentance from dead works, sins and transgressions, with a 
determination, by the grace of God, to pattern after and become 
a true disciple of Jesus Christ by adopting, as a rule of life, the 
principles of the doctrine of Christ, gaining a knowledge of the 
commandments and instructions of Jesus, that you as an indi- 
vidual — for the promise is to you — may understand and gain a 
knowledge for yourself, that you may run the race, win the 
prize, overcome and gain the crown. Salvation is an individual 
responsibility, and, as many are called but few chosen, try to 
make your calling and election sure. Jesus said not those who 
toy Lord, Lord; but those who do the will of the Father shall 
inherit all things. With this belief, repentance and desire they 
are fit for baptism, which is administered by immersing the 
candidate for eternal life in water for the remission of sins. 
After this ordinance has been administered thev arc prepared 
for the reception of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands, 
and here let me quote scripture to substantiate these remarks. 

Jesus set the example to fulfil all righteousness, Matt. Ill 
chapter, 14 to 17 verses.- He instructed his disciples to baptize: 
Matt. XXYIII. 19. The apostles preached baptism and 
promised the gift of the Holy Ghost: Acts II. 38, 39. Philip 
baptized at Samaria: Act VIII. 12. The Holy Ghost given 




0" TJ ^T H in* I I_. E3 ihstetjctor 



179 



:<j 



.6* 



through laying on of hands: Act II. 17. Philip baptized 
the eunuch, 38, of the same chapter; read the whole of the 
chapter; I could refer you to many passages of scripture," 
continued Elder E., "but let these suffice. I do not wish to 
weary you, but only to prove that the gospel restored by the 
Lord in this day is the same that was taught eighteen hundred 
years ago, and the same spirit and blessings are restored, and if 
individuals do not receive the knowledge and blessings as pro- 
mised, the fault is in themselves, not in the system, as thousands 
can testify. You must see that it would be impossible for an 
impostor to preach so certain a doctrine." 

"Well," said papa, "you have certainly interested me, almost 
convinced me; but it is late, let us retire to rest." 

They surrounded the family altar, prayer was offered up, and 

all retired to rest. 

To be Continued. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

L I T T Hi IE "W ILLIE. 



CHAPTER III. 



I71AULY on a Sabbath morning, long before the rising of the 
J sun, Willie was to be seen walking towards the suburbs of 
the town in search of some solitary spot where he would not 
be likely to be disturbed, and often he would select a seat in 
the shade of some large trees. After finding a suitable place, 
and getting comfortably seated, he would take from his pocket 
the Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, or some 
other book containing useful information, which he would read 
with a prayerful heart, asking God to give him understanding 
and to bless his efforts to gain knowledge. In this way he 
learned to read well, and gained many fragments of knowledge 
to which he would have remained a stranger, had he been 
confined to the small round of his ewn thoughts without the 
aid of books. This practice widened the field of reflection, 
gave him much pleasure, and increased his thirst for intelli- 
gence. Thus, step by step, he made advancement; inch by 
inch, he climbed up out of ignorance. Each little difficulty 
overcome prepared him for new conquests. Little Willie did 
not enjoy the many great advantages of our young friends 
who read the Juvenile Instructor. He had not the oppor- 
tunity of attending a good school, for he had to labor every day 
early and late. 

Had you looked under the table when he was eating 
his dinner, you would have seen his book laid upon his lap 
spread wide open, at which now and then he would take a sly 
glance. In this way he learned many a lesson. When he 
had a little leisure time he would search out some person able 
to instruct him, to whom he would present his little difficulties 
and ask for an explanation. And often he felt extremely 
thankful for the assistance of able friends who took 
deep interest in him and cleared away the small but, to 
him, apparently insurmountable difficulties. 

Night after night, when the family were all in bed and sleep- 
ing soundly, Willie might have been seen sitting near a table 
bending over his book and diligently perusing his lesson by the 
light of the candle. There he would sometimes sit till nearly 
midnight, reading and pondering over new ideas and often till 
he went to sleep; occasionally he would wake up and find the five 
out, the candle burned away and his book fallen from his hand 
to the floor. Finally, a friend suggested that it would be better 
for him to quit studying at nights, and rise very early in the 
morning and spend an hour or two in study before time to go 
to work. From this suggestion Willie received much benefit, 
for he found that in the morning his mind was much stronger, 



and consequently he was much more successful. After giving 
this method a fair trial he concluded that he could learn more 
in one hour in the morning than in three hours in the evening. 

About this time he got William Cobbet's Grammar, and 
commenced to write it out verbatim. If he happened to omit, 
misplace, or misspell a word in any of the lessons, the paper 
containing such lessons was torn up and the task commenced. 
In this way, and with the assistance of his friends, he acquired 
a tolerably thorough knowledge of grammar. He now wrote 
letters, essays, or penned his thoughts on any subject that pre- 
sented itself, not for publication but for self improvement. 
Such pieces were laid aside for two or three weeks, and then he 
would criticise them, for he believed that, after they had been 
laid aside in this way, he could see their errors much better than 
when they were only just written. W. W. B. 

[To our regret, the present number of "Little Willie" was 
mislaid; this is the reason it has not appeared earlier. — Ed. J. I.] 



J± 



IP I T IT TO 

EMPTY 






[The following incident, which we take from, a newspaper, ia 
well worth reading and remembering:] 

A FEW weeks ago, a gentleman was obliged to go to a dis- 
tant depot, at an hour when there was no conveyance 
thither. So, although very weary and not strong, he was 
obliged to set out on a walk of two or three miles. After he 
had gone a little way, he was overtaken by a gentleman and a 
little boy in a carriage. The fine horse was at once reined in, 
and his owner said, with a smile: 

"I presume, sir, you are going but a short way, but this little 
fellow insists oh my asking you to ride with us. I told him I 
had no doubt you were going to the first station, but he said: 
'The gentleman is a stranger, father; it is very easy to ask him. 
It always seems to me such a pity to ride with an empty seat!" 

Now, that ride, which cost the gentleman neither money, 
time nor trouble, was a real blessing to a weary man, and he 
told him so when he thanked him and the dear boy who had 
prompted the kind civility. 

"It is a way he has, and always had, sir," replied the father. 
"From his cradle, he could never enjoy what he could not share 
with others. If he has any new gift or pleasure, his first 
thought is for those less favored. It is a way he got from his 
mother." 

It was a truly beautiful "way" that boy had, and it should be 
a lesson to all boys, and boys' mothers, too, who hear of him. 
Remember this, you who have horses at your control to use for 
convenience or pleasure: "It is a pity to have an empty seat." 
Kemember it, mothers, when training your boys for lives of 
usefulness. The little things of to-day will grow into great 
things of years to come. The boy who is selfish with his toys 
and his comforts, will be so with his money and his sympathies 
when a man; for the heart grows harder, rather than softer, by 
the flight of time. — Selected. 



A CHEERFUL VIEW OF THINGS.— "How dismal 
you look!" said a bucket to his companion, as they were going 
to the well, 

"Ah!" roplied the other, "I was reflecting on the useless- 
ncss of our being filled; for, let us go away ever so full, we 
always come back empty." 

"Dear me! how strange to look at it in tluit way!" said the 
bucket. "Now, I enjoy the thought that, however empty wo 
come, we always go away full. Only look at it iu that light, and 
you'll be as cheerful as I nm."— Selected. 



J ; 0* 



bofe* 



B 




J TJ "V" DB n^T I Xi IE I1TSTBTJCTOR 




GKOI5GK O. CANXOIV, 



10T)IT()1{. 



DECEMBER 1 , IS 7. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




N Monday evening, November 11th, 186", 
a meeting was held at the Thirteenth 
l^iHOH^^Cyt Ward Assembly Rooms in this city, and 
^'jj||fcVi.$ the Parent Sunday School Union Society 
{--)<#} was organized. The teaching of children 
in Sunday Schools is attracting much 
notice at present. The advantages which 
the children will have in such schools all 
admit. But it is felt to be necessary to 
have a proper system of teaching through- 
S3iEffl I '% ou *' ^ ie Territory — find out the best plan and 
^. '^A^tes&sl then make it general. It is for this purpose 
that this Parent Society is formed. At the 
meeting, President Young urged the Bible, the 
Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants 
- as the books which should be used and taught from 
(fu> •? i' 1 every Sunday School. They should also be used 
j^CjS as school books in day schools. There are no books 
f'i$*" equal to them. A child, or young man, or youun 
woman, who studies these books, is sure to increase in know- 
ledge, and will make much greater progress in obtaining true, 
reliable information, than by reading any other book. The 
effect of the reading of these books upon the rising genet a- 
tion, will be wonderfully great. Children who read the Bible, 
Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants will be easily 
governed. They will be obedient to their parents. If boys, 
they will grow up to be obedient men. Their Bishops and 
Presidents will have no troubl • with them. If girls, they will 
make, when they marry, tractable, pleasant wives. The whole 
community will be benefitted and improved by the more general 
reading of these books. The holding of Sunday Schools will 
spread a taste for this kind of reading. 

We have visited many of our Sunday Schools. We have 
asked the children questions ourself, and heard their teachers 
question them. The readiness with which they answer is most 
pleasing. They display considerable knowledge of the scrip- 
tures. It is a most delightful sight to see a school room full of 
children being taught in the revelations of the Lord. If any 
of our little readers do not attend Sunday school, they ought 
to go without delay and join one. Should there be no Sunday 
schools in their wards, let them tell their fathers that they 
want to go to Sunday school, and he can go to the Bishop and 
speak to him about having one started. Several wards in the 
city have each a nice library, and much money has been spent 
for rewards. We never saw such fine, pretty rewards as we 
have had brought on from the East for some of the Sunday 
schools in the city. Much pains have been taken and consider- 
able means have been spent by several of the wards to make 
the children feel pleased with the Sunday School. For this 
the children should be very thankful, and behave themselves 
in the best manner in and out of school. 



*& 



A NIGHT or two ago, as we were passing along the street, 
we heard a great noise and screaming from a number of 
voices. The noise came from a group of persons who were 
walking ahead of us. We thought they must be drunken | 
strangers. We could not think they were any of our people. i 



But what was our surprise when, instead of their being stran- 
gers and drunk, we found they were a few of our large boys- 
When we overtook them, they hushed their noise, and walked 
along quietly. Tlfty acted as though they felt they were rude 
and unmannerly. This is a practice that is too common among 
many boys. 

We like to see children playful and disposed to be frolicsome, 
especially if they keep themselves within proper bounds. 
Children, when healthy, are like lambs and kittens; they want 
to play and exercise themselves in sporis. They should not be 
cheeked too much in this respect. But for boys and young men 
to go screaming and bawling through the streets, like so many 
rowdies, is a shame. It is a practice that should be frowned 
upon. If it did them any good, we should not object to their 
making a noise. But they can exercise their lungs in more 
agreeable ways. There are plenty of opportunities for young 
people to sing and read aloud. Singing and reading are very 
good for the lungs, far better than screaming in the streets. 
The former practices improve and give tone to the voiee; but 
screaming and loud bawling make the voice coarse and spoil it. 
Boys, take our advice, and never be guilty of disturbing the 
peace by your outcries in the streets. 



OA.TZEO'IrHII.SIM: 



INSERTED IN NU31BER 



21, NOW RE-INSERTEU WITH THEIR 
ANSWERS. 



91. What did Joseph and other elders propose to buy in 
Jackson county? 

The property of the mobbers in Jackson county. 

92. How did their propositions differ from those which were 
made by the mobbers to the Saints? 

They had no desire for any person to leave Jackson county, 
all they wished was to live in peace. But the mobbers wished 
to drive every Saint from the county, or to kill them. 

93. Were their propositions accepted? 
No. 

94. What appeal did a number of the leading elders make in 
July, l«o4? 

An appeal to the people and the constituted authorities of 
the nation, and to all the men of the earth, for peace. 

9."). Was the trip made by Zion's Camp an easy or an arduous 
one? 

It was a fatiguing and trying trip. Most of the brethren 
walked all the way to Missouri and back, traveling a long 
distance each day. and principally over bad roads. 

96. Who were the sweet singers of the Camp? 
President Brigham Young and his brother Joseph. 

97. When did the prophet Joseph arrive in Kirtland? 
About the first of August. 

98. What did the editor of a paper published at Richmond, 
Indiana, state in his paper, the morning the company jassed 
through that place on the return journey? 

That Joseph Smith and his company had had a battle with 
the Missourians, that he had been wounded in the ltg, that tho 
wound was so severe his leg had to be amputated, and that 
three days after losing his leg he had died; all of which was 
untrue. 

99. Who of the Camp had circulated reports against Joseph's 
character, which required a council to be called to investigate 
the matter, after his return to Kirtland? 

Sylvester Smith. 

Kill. What was the result? 

The reports were proved to be malicious and entirely false. 



Little Alice found out an ingenious way of getting to bed 
in a hurry. The crib in which she slept was so low that, by 
placing one foot on the inside, and taking hold of the post, she 
could easily spring in. "Mamma," said she to her mother, 
"do you know how I get to bed quick?" "No," was the reply. 
"Well," said she, in great glee, "I step one foot over the crib, 
then I say 'rats' and scare myself right in. ' ' 



JC9 



iK 



^^r 




J"TJ ~V~ E IN" I L IE IUSTRTJCTOK 



L I E E OE GEORGE 
STEPHENSOIT. 



Taken from a little work — The RoOKBT— published by the 
American Tract Society. 



CHAPTER IV.- 



-TWO CITIES THAT WANTED TO GET NEAR EACH 
OTHER — A NEW FRIEND. 




MR. JAMES had a secret leaning towards the use of steam on 
the new road. He would have immediately and unhesi- 
tatingly advocated a railroad run by locomotives. But that was 
out of the question. The public were far behind that point, and 
to have openly advocated it would have risked his judgment and 
good sense in the opinion of the best men. Therefore Mr. 
James wisely held his tongue. But hearing of the Killing- 
worth locomotives, and a collier who had astonished the natives 
by his genius, he determined to make a journey to Newcastle, 
and see the lions for himself. 

Stephenson was not at home. "Puffing Billy" was, and 
Billy puffed in a way that took Mr. James' heart at once. He 
seemed to see at a glance "Billy's" remarkable power, and was 
struck with admiration and delight. "Here is an engine," he 
exclaimed, "that is destined before long to work a complete 
revolution in society." 

The image of "Puffing Billy" followed him home. 

"Why," he wrote to Stephenson's partner in the patent, "it 
is the greatest wonder of the age, and the forerunner, I believe, 
of most important changes in the modes of travel in the king- 
dom." 

A few weeks later he made another visit to Killingworth, 
taking his two sons with him. "Puffing Billy" was at work as 
usual. 

The boys were frightened at the sight of the snorting mons- 
ter; but Stephenson encouraged them to mount with their 
father, and see how harmless and manageable the monster 
was. 

The second visit was even more gratifying than the first, 

"Mr. Stephenson," said James, "is the greatest practical 
genius of the age. His fame will rank with that of Watt." 

Mr. James lost all hesitation now about speaking his mind. 
"Puffing Billy" had driven the backwardness out of him, and he 
was willing, at all hazards, boldly to advocate railroads and the 
steam horse. No more tram-roads: steam or nothing. This 
was in 1821. 

Mr. James entered heart and soul into the new idea of the 
age. On his return to Liverpool, it was everywhere his theme; 
and wherever he had influence, he tried to stir up men's minds 
to the benefits and blessings puffing out in "Puffing Billy." 

Stephenson rejoiced in such a friend. It was just what he 
and "Billy" most needed -somebody to introduce them into the 
great world. And Stephenson and his partner offered him a 
share in the profits of whatever business he could secure to 
them. 

But what can one man, or a few men do in an enterprise like 
this, depending upon the verdict of that important power, 
public opinion? And public opinion had not yet made up its 
mind to it. 

A thousand difficulties bristled in the way; there was both 
the indifference of friends and the opposition of enemies at 
home. In addition to this, a violent opposition was foreseen 
in parliament, which it needed all the strength and courage of 
a united constituency to meet. 

Under these discouraging circumstances, there were not 
enough men of pluck to push the matter through. 

So everything about the new mad went by the board. It was 
laid on the shelf, at least lor the present, and Liverpool and 
Manchester trade jogged on as before. 

'To be Continued. 



T EI E 



For the Juvenile Instructor 

EEEEEIJ^ISTT. 




UNCLE GREGORY in one of his last visits told us how his 
little friends, Ellen and Mary, went to the Zoological 
Gardens and rode on the back of an Elephant. To-day we 
have a picture of this huge animal, so that those of our little 
readers who have never seen one can form an idea of what it is 
like. 

The Elephant is the largest of all quadrupeds, or four footed 
animals. It is said to weigh from six to seven thousand 
pounds. Its height is generally from nine to twelve feet; some 
have been seen that are much larger. Its color is a dark ash- 
colored brown, but there are a few that are a white or cream 
color. These latter are held in great reverence by the natives 
of the countries where they are found. 

Elephants are found in great numbers all over the interior 
and southern parts of Africa, and in the south eastern portions 
of Asia, especially in British India, Burniah andSiam. There 
is, however, a difference in the size and shape of the Asiatic 
and African Elephants. The African Elephant has three toes; 
the Asiatic has five. The cars and tusks of the African specie's 
are much larger than those of their brethren in Asia; but their 
bodies are, as a rule, smaller. 




Our picture represents an African Elephant. If our little 
friends will look at him attentively they will notice th it he has 
a very small eye, long, hanging ears, very thick strong legs to 
support his huge body, and two long tusks poind ng out from 
his mouth. These are his weapons of war, with which he 
attacks an enemy, or defends himself from the onslaught of 
another. These tusks arc very heavy, one that was once sold 
in Amsterdam (the chief city of Holland) is said to have 
weighed 3oU pounds. 

But the most remarkable thing al-out the Elephant is its 
trunk. In it we can see one of the greatest evidences of the 
divine wisdom of Him who made all the beasts of the field. 
The head of the Elephant is very heavy, and a long way from 
the ground. If the Lord had given him a long neck, he would 
have been scarcely able to control the movements of the vast 
weight of the head and t lit; tusks at the end of it. If the Lord 
had only given him the same thort neck that he has at present, 
which is SO well adapted to the size of his head, without a trunk 
at the end of it, he would have never been able lo reach his 
food on the ground, or his drink in the liver. But with his 
trunk he can pick his food oil' ihc ground, or pluck it off tho 
high branches of the trees and convey it to his mouth, or suck 
up the water from the stream and pour ii down his throat So 
wonderfully made is this trunk that the animal can turn it any 
way he pleases, and at his will it will uproot a tree or pluck a 
flower, lift up a cannon or pick up a pin, crush a man to dtaih 



*& 



4^6 




~183 



JUYEITILE I1TSTETJCTOR 



or brush off a fly. In fact the trunk of the Elephant answers 
the same purpose to him, as the hand and arm to a man. 

There is much also in the character of the Elephant that is 
very pleasing. Very many pretty tales and anecdotes are told 
of his sagacity, docility, kindness and apparent thoughtfulness 
and power of reasoning. So much so, that some say he is not 
only the largest of animals but the wisest also. He is very 
easily taught, and when kindly treated, is very fond of his 
keeper. He also seems to have a very good memory, either 
of kindnesses received or of injuries inflicted, and is very apt 
to revenge himself in some way or other on those who treat him 
cruelly. 

In ancient times the Elephant was much used in war. But 
it was found that though he was often a very useful ally, he 
sometimes in the noise and din of battle became unmanageable, 
and did more injury to his friends than his foes. In these days, 
in some eastern countries, he is used extensively to carry heavy 
burdens; but wherever the railroad is introduced it at once 
takes the place of these ''heavy porters," as the vast amount 
of food he consumes makes him very expensive. One animal 
will eat one hundred pounds of dry food and drink forty gallons 
of water every day of his long life, which often lasts from one 
hundred and fifty to two hundred years. G. II. 



Ziffle JKsortu* 



& 



<"5-. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

LITTLE OEORGE AT CHURCH. 

A TRUE STOKY. 

[SECOND PART.] 

"TITHEN little George said, "I don't know," to the question, 
) T "Who sanctified you?" the teacher on the stool groaned 
at his ignorance; and seemed to be very desirous of instructing 
him in the things of God. 

The teacher on the stool then commenced to explain to the 
ignorant boy before him what sanctification means. 

He told him that sanctification was the work of the Holy 
Spirit of God, or the Holy Ghost; and that when a person is 
sanctified, he is sanctified all at once — in a moment — while he 
is struggling in prayei before God 

Now, little George was as ignorant when this explanation 
had been given as he was before; neither con you understand 
it. my little children; neither did the teacher understand it 
himself; neither does Uncle George understand the way to be 
sanctified as the teacher explained it. 

You will pardon me if I stop to tell you many things which I 
think are good for you to know, as we progress with the history 
of little ( reorge. 

I think you would like to know the meaning of the word 
sanctify. 

It simply means to set any thing or any person apart fur a 
good purpose. 

For instance, every seventh day was designed by the Lord to 
be kept liuly by mankind; that is He wished them to rest from 
their labors on that day, because He rested on that day frum 
all His work which lie bad created and made. And he blessed 
the seventh day and sanctified it: or, in other words, He set it 
apart to be a day of rest, and rested on it himself. 

The word sanctify also signifies, to get ready to receive any 
blessing which the Lord may wi.-h to bestow upon you. 



Before He bestowed the law upon the children of Israel, He 
told Moses to go unto the people and "sanctify them to-day 
and to-morrow, and let them wash their clothes, and be ready 
against the third day to receive the law." 

When we have a general conference in Great Salt Lake City, 
in April or October, the people cease from their labors, and wash 
themselves and put on cleaa clothing, and make up their minds 
to spend two. three, or four days attending conference, to 
hear the word of the Lord, and be instructed by his servants. 
They thus sanctify themselves before the Lord for this purpose, 
endeavoring to bring their hearts to a holy frame, to receive 
the things of God. 

When a temple, a tabernacle, a school house, a block of 
land, a dwelling house, a city, or a whole country with its 
mountains, valleys and plains are dedicated unto the Lord by 
one of His true ministers, then that temple, tabernacle, 
dwelling house, city, and country are sanctified unto the Lord; 
and if the people keep His commandments, He will accept the 
things thus dedicated unto Him, and abundantly bless them. 

Now you vould not suppose that the name of the Lord 
could be sanctified, would you? for we are told in the Bible 
that His name is holy. 

People sanctify the name of the Lord by praising Him, by 
keeping His commandments, by obeying the words of His 
servants, and by endeavoring to make His attributes and char- 
acter known in all the world. 

Little children can sanctify the name of the Lord by being 
good and kind to their parents, because they keep the 
commandment which saith, "Honor thy father and thy 
mother," etc. 

They can sanctify His name by being kind and gentle with 
each other, because we are commanded to love one another. 

When people swear and blaspheme, and quarrel and fight, 
they then profane the name of the Lord. 

But we are exhorted in the Bible, and in the revelations given 
to the church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, to sanctify 
the Lord of Hosts Himself; and let him be our fear, etc. 

People sanctify the Lord of Hosts by putting their trust in 
Him. in preference to putting their trust in man, or in riches. 

Moses and Aaron were not permitted to live to bring the 
children of Israel into the promised land, because they sancti- 
fied not the Lord in the eyes of his people. 

How did they fail to sanctify the Lord in the eyes of his 
people? 

By rebelling against the Lord's word, which he gave them at 
the water of Meribah, and took the glory to themselves, when 
they said to the children of Israel: "Hear now, ye rebels; must 
we fetch you water out of this rock?' ' 

When women and children believe in Jesus Christ, repent of 
their sins, and are baptized, and receive the gift of the Holy 
Ghost by the laying on of the hands of God's servants, then 
are they justified, then are they sanctified in the name of the 
Lord Jesus, and by the spirit of our God. 

Why? 

Because, by submitting to these ordinances of baptism and 
laying on of hands, they dedicate themselves unto the Lord for 
the rest of their lives by obeying his word. In this way God 
has made Christ Jesus unto us, wisdom and righteousness, and 
sanctification, and redemption. 

Much more might be said about the word sanctify; but I will 
not say more about it at this time, for fear you cannot remem- 
ber it all. 

Then the work of sanctification is not performed all in a 
minute, as the teacher on the stool said it was; but it is a work 
which continues from the time a person is dedicated unto the 
Lord to the end of his life, when he is received into everlasting 
life in the presence of God. 



JUYBUILE INSTRUCTOB. 



183 



The school was brought to an end; and everybody in school 
got ready to go to the chapel. 

The children had to walk two and two, holding each other's 
hands; but nobody would take hold of little George's hand and 
walk with him, because he had on poor-house clothing. He 
had to walk alone, and was the very last little boy in the com- 
pany of boys that walked to the church. 

He would have loved any one of the boys who would have 
taken hold of his hand, but seeing that no one would do this 
he did not care anything about it, and felt that he was just 
as good a boy, though he did wear poor-house clothes, as the 
ones who were better dressed. 

They were all soon seated in the chapel, which had galleries 
all around. It was a neat, little chapel with a nice pulpit. 

The school children were seated on benches, under one of the 
galleries, on each side of the door of entrance into the chapel. 

After everything was quiet, a man — a little, fat man, — with 
his hair smoothly combed down exactly to the middle of his 
forehead, his neck encircled with a white hankerchief without 
any tie in the front, with no shirt collar, nor collar on his coat, 
arose in the pulpit and commenced to give out a hymn. 

Now, little George always paid great attention to religious 
worship, and was pleased to hear singing and praying. He had 
just seated himself on a bench without a back, and made up 
his mind to pay good attention, and enjoy the service, when a 
wicked boy behind him ran a sharp pin into the seat of his 
pants. This wicked trick was done so much without mercy, 
that George's suifering was intense. He screamed out with all 
his might, and at the same time leaped from his seat. He 
turned with anger upon his adversary, drove his fist into his 
face, which resulted in giving the wicked boy a bloody nose. 
"When he saw the blood running from his nose, he also com- 
menced to scream with fright. 

The wicked boy thought that he had a right to do as he 
pleased with little George, because he was a poor-house boy; 
but he was mistaken. As the saying is, he reckoned without his 
host. 

The congregation was thoroughly disturbed. The little, fat 
man in the pulpit ceased to give out the hymn, and in a slow, 
measured tone of voice, said: 

"Put that bad boy out of the chapel." 

This was promptly obeyed by the man who had charge of the 
scholars in the chapel. 

So George was thrust out of the gloomy chapel into the open 
sunshine, where he enjoyed himself listening to the ringing of 
church bells, the whistling of birds, and in admiring the bud- 
ding, bursting flowers, until his new acquaintance came out of 
the chapel and conducted him home to his dinner. 

Uncle George. 



BELTEYING, BUT NOT UNDERSTANDING.— "I will 
not believe anything but what I understand," said a self-confi- 
dent young man in a hotel one day. 

"Nor will I," said another. 

"Neither will I," chimed in a third. 

"Gentlemen," said one well known to mc, who was on ;1 
journey, and who sat close by, "do I understand you correctly, 
that you will not believe anything that you don't understand?" 

"I will not," said one, and so said each one of the trio. 

"Well," said the stranger, "in my ride this morning, I saw 
some geese in a field eating grass; do you believe that'.'"' 

"Certainly," said the three unbelievers. 

"I also saw the pigs eating grass; do you believe that?" 

"Of course," said the throe. 

"And I saw sheep and cows eating grass; do you believe 
that?" 



"Of course," was again replied. 

"Well, but the grass which they had formerly eaten had, by 
digestion, turned to feathers on the backs of the geese, to 
bristles on the backs of the swine, to wool on the sheep, and on 
the cows it had turned to hair; do you believe that, gentlemen?" 

"Certainly," they replied. 

"Yes, you believe it," he rejoined, "but do you under- 
stand it?" 

They were confounded and silent, and evidently ashamed, as 
they well might be. 



|iopajp^. 



ctoszeeih: s^citih:, 
ie 3 ir, o ip el" de t . 



TEL" IE 




T a conference of the church, held in 
Quincy, Illinois, the proceedings of the 
Twelve while at Far West were fully 
sanctioned. The Lord had not failed to 
protect and assist His servants in seeking 
to fulfil nis word. This the Saints were 
ready to acknowledge. On the 25th of 
April, 1839, Joseph started from Quincy 
r\g^ to go to Iowa. He accompanied a com- 
■f^* mittee that had been appointed to seLct a 
new location for the Saints. They examined 
various places in Lee county, Iowa, and about 
Commerce, Hancock county, Illinois. Those 
counties were opposite each other, the Missis- 
sippi river running between them. Commerce 
decided upon as the place for the Saints to collect 
at. Land was purchased there of various men who 
owned it, On May 3rd, Joseph returned again to 
his family and the Saints at Quincy. 
These were very busy days with him. Bis posi- 
tion was a most trying and responsible one. The Saints had 
been stripped of almost everything. They were friendless and 
homeless. They looked to him with trustful anxiety, as 
the man, under God, to counsel and guide them. The 
Lord never failed to give him the needed revelation and 
wisdom. He was made equal to the responsibility. On 
the 9th of May he started with his family from Quincy to 
goto Commerce. On the Kith he reached there. Counsell- 
ing, writing letters, dictating history, setting forth the 
grievances of the people to send to the Government at 
Washington, laying out city lots and numerous other labors 
occupied his time after his arrival. The Saints soon began to_ 
gather to Commerce and its neighborhood. The name of 
Commerce was dropped, ami the new city received the name 
of Nauvoo, which means in the Hebrew, "Beautiful." 

At the time "l' the purchase by Joseph the town of Com- 
merce contained only six houses— one stone, three frame and 
two block; besides these there were four Other houses in the 

immediate vicinity— one of stone and thiee of logs. The land 

was mostly covered With lives and bushes. Much of it was so 

wet that teams could not trawl over it. The place was not 
healthy; but no better presented itself. Joseph believed that 

by the 'blessing of the l.onl it might become a healthy place, 

and he considered it wisdom to try and build up a city there. 
The location was rightly named when it was called Nauvoo. It 

was a beautiful place. The Mississippi river swept around it in 






i^'jSj S 






184: 



J" XT ^T IE 3ST I L IE INSTRUCTOR 



*^s 



a half circle. The land on which a large portion of the city was [ 
laid out was shaped like a horse shoe, and the river ran past 
each end of some of the principal streets. 

During these days Joseph gave much instruction concerning 
doctrine. He prophesied "that the signs of the coming of the 
Son of Man are already commenced. One pestilence will follow 
another. We will soon have war and bloodshed. The moon 
will be turned into blood. I testify of these things, and that 
the coming of the Son of Man is nigh, even at your doors." 
He also told some other things that had been revealed to him. 
He said: 

"I saw men hunting the lives of their own sons, and brother 
murdering brother, women killing their own daughters, 
and daughters seeking the lives of their mothers. I saw 
armies arrayed against armies. I saw blood, desolation, fires, 
etc. The Son ot Man has said that the mother shall be against 
the daughter, and the daughter against the mother, etc. These 
things are at our doors." 

Children, you have heard of many cruel things which have 
been done during the late civil war. But worse things than 
you have ever heard of will yet happen before all that Joseph 
saw will be fulfilled. But who will receive his testimony? 
During his life he told the people of the trouble that was 
comiug, and pointed out the way to escape. But few would 
believe him. Many of his words have come to pass. The 
people have seen them fulfilled before their eyes. Yet they 
will not believe what he has told them. They have hardened 
their hearts against them. If they would open their hearts to 
the truth, the spirit of the Lord would open their understand- 
ing. But they will not; they, therefore, can not see. If you 
desire it, the Lord will show you that these things are true and 
that they will come to pass. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

CHARADE. 



BY J. Hi M. 



I am composed of 11 letters. 

My I, 2, 4, and 4, 5, 6, 11, are humble habitations. 

My 8, 2, 7, 9, is a small particle of matter. 

My 1, 5, 10, 4, is a fractional coin. 

My whole is a true foundation for happiness. 



Heber Brewer, M. J. Baddley, Eliza Baddley, Dellie Lang, 
M. Ashman, G. B. Lang, M. Speirs, E. Taylor, J. Evans, W. 
J. Lewis, J. R. McGaw, H. N Howell, answered the charade 
in No. 21. The word is EDUCATION. 



COMFORTING WITH TEARS,— How this little incident 
touches the heart! A mother who was in the habit of asking 
her children, before they retired at night, what they had done 
during the day to make others happy, found a young twin- 
daughter silent. The elder ones spoke modestly of deeds 
founded on the golden rule, "Do unto others as you would they 
should do unto you." Still the young bright face was bowed 
down in silence. The question was repeated, and the dear little 
child said, timidly: — "A little girl who sat by me on the bench 
at school, had lost a baby brother. All the time she studied 
her lesson she hid her face in her book and cried. I felt so 
sorry that I laid my face on the same book and cried with her. 
Then she looked up and put her arms around my neck, but I do 
nut know why she said I had done her so much good." 

There are times when our tears may be more comforting than 
words. 




Ibigitta-I fnt%t%. 



£> 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

LUTES 

Affectionately Inscribed to Brother and Sister Joseph Bull, 
on the Demise of their Little Daughters, "iAzitU, aged f> years, 
8 months and 4 days, and Emilie Gkeen, aged 2 years, 1 
month avid 4 days, telto departed this life respectively Oct. 
2'nh, and Nov, 25tA. ISO". 



O, 



Hear, little girls! — We will not Weep for you, 

For you are gone to meet the blest and true; 

Your spirits now exult before the throne 

Of God, your Father, in his glorious home. 

Oil! who can mourn you are immortal made 

"Ere sin could blight," or cank'ring sorrow fade!— 

'Tis true, we miss you from our mundane sphere 

And — full of self— we would have held you here; 

But God has called you, and we fain would try 

To quench the tear, and hush the heaving sigh: 

Time — sweetest soother— will assuage our pain 

And give us back our joy and peace again; — 

But we'll remember each, a cherished child, 

With winning ways, with spirits gay, yet inildf 

And often follow with our spirit-eyes 

Your glorious track, that leads us to the skies;— 

AVe do rejoice that we have spirits there 

That were committed to us — bright and fair; 

We do rejoice that you did sojourn here, 

And left to us a memory ever dear. 

A portion of us is with God above!— 

Within His presence! 'neath His eye of love!— 

His glorious eye beams on our children dear 

Who loving bend before Him, ever near 

And this — not for a moment's glimpse of joy, 

But for eternity! — without alio}'! — 

Oti! father, mother, rise above all grief, 

Rejoice, their sojourn was on earth so brief,- 

They're with "our Father" safe from all alarms, 

Still beautiful and safe within his arms! — 

Let nature have her due, then mourn no more, 

But seek the "Mansion" where they're gone before, 

For where they are, are joy, and love, and God, 

Ko sin, no death, no sorrow, yea no rod'. — 

There, wait a fullness of the bliss divine 

In that the highest, and most glorious clime?— 

HASSAn T. Kino. 
S. L. Oity, Nov. H7th, 1S07. 



Cause of Uneasiness. — 'Tis the fancy, not the reason of 
things, that makes us so uneasy. It is not the place nor the 
condition, but the mind alone, that can make anybody happy 
or miserable. 



jTj-^zEzrsriXjE instrtjctor 

Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum S3 00 

Single Copy, lor Six Months 1 50 

Ke~ It is expected where agents forward names they will be rcsjimisible 
for the papers thus ordered: ami when fXtsh payments are made, they 
will please forward them with the letter containing the names of the 
subscribers, 

W Elder Win. It. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Ayent for 
Cache Valley. 

*S- Grain brought In this City for the JrvENtr.E Instkuctor will be 
received at the office of our paper— Deaev.es Mews Buildings. 




