
fatness U t\t |jnrl>! 





VOL. 8. SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 30, 1873. 



NO. 18. 



C3- 1 ID E! O 1ST ' S ."E 1 m. IE IE O IE 



T 

X the members of this family were th? chosen and special 
favorites of the Lord none will deny who re ids and believes the 
wonderful and oft-repeated manifestations of his power on 



pjrishe] in the returning waters of the Red 




their behalf 
id delivering 
them from their 
enemies. ^Vhy 
they should 
have been so it 
would be hard 
to tell, only be- jl 
cause of the 
promises made 
to the founders 
or progenitors 
of the race — 
Abraham, Isaac 
and Jacob, for 
judgiug by the 
history of their 
descendants as 
con tain ed in 
the Bible, a 
more stubborn, 
ungrateful set 
of people per- 
haps never liv- 
ed. Their acts, 
sometimes, 
seem to indi- 
cate that they 
had not intelli- 
gence enough 
t o appreciate 
the goodness 
and striking 
mercies of God 
unto them. 
For very manv 
years they had 
endured all the 
horrors af hope- 
less slavery in 
Epypt, from 
certainly, the 
were ever 




which they were finally delivered by, 

most wouderful series of miracles that 

witnessed in the world, and Pharaoh and 



hosts, while attempting to overtake and destroy 



them 
Sea. 

O.ic might imagine that, after such a deliverance from a 
cruel enemy, the children of Israel would have been so filled 

with gratitude 
■ and humility 
that they would 
have endured 
almost any- 
thing in the 
way of discom- 
fort or inconve- 
nience that 
could have 
overtaken them 
during their 
march to the 
Promised Laud 
— a journey 
which lay 
through a wil- 
derness, and 
many thou- 
sands of people 
in Utah, inclu- 
ding some of 
our, readers, 
v^ know that a 
journey of that 
kind under the 
most favorable 
circumstances 
can not be per- 
lormed without 
a good deal of 
discomfort and 
privation. 

But the chil- 
dren of Isra- 
el seemed to 
have no more 
thought, and no 
more recollec- 
tion of God's 

mercies to them and of their obligations to Him than so many 
little children, and scarcely was their journey commenced when 
they commenced grumbling, and during almost the whole of 
their march they kept it up. First they grumbled for the 



1^. 





138 



J TJ "V E3 1ST I L IE IITSTRTJCTOB. 






want of bread, and longed for the leeks, onions and flesh pots 
of Egypt. The Lord was still merciful, and, instead of pun- 
ishing them for their ingratitude, lie eacli morning rained a 
daily supply of bread from heavenly store-houses, and iu the 
evening sent them a large number of quails, which enabled 
them to satisfy their desires for bread and for meat. 

This was a most extraordinary manifestation of diviue good- 
ness, but it did not stop the murmuring of Israel; and they not 
only murmured but they even forgot the God whose power they 
had seen so strikingly displayed on their behalf, and they soon 
after worshipped the image of a calf, made of gold. Very 
many of the descendants of that foolish generation must be still 
alive, for gold has more worshippers iu the world to-day, than 
anything else, seen or unseen. 

After reaching the Promised Land, and obtaiuiug possession 
thereof, they still continued to murmur. They were frequently 
chastised by the Lord for their wickedness, but as soon as they 
repented, His mercy and long-suffering were repeatedly extend- 
ed to them, and His power exerted for their deliverance. Our 
front page engraving, this week, is intended to illustrate an 
incident iu connection with one of these deliverances. Israel 
had transgressed the commands of God and had bowed the knee 
to and worshipped the idol Baal. For this the Midiauites, a 
numerous tribe of Arabs, had been permitted to oppress them 
for several years. These Midianites would come down upon 
Israel like a flood, rob them of the fruits of their toil, and in 
many ways they were permitted by the Lord to harass and 
eppress His rebellious people. 

Finally the sufferings they endured at the hand of their Gen- 
tile oppressors seem to have humbled Israel and once more they 
sought the Lord, and once more His mercy and power were 
shown in their favor, and Gideon, the son of Joash, was the 
instrument He chose to effect the deliverance of Israel. The 
history of this deliverance by Gideon is contained in the sixth 
and following chapters of the Book of Judges. If you turn to 
the sixth chapter you will find that the Lord, or an angel of the 
L ird, appeared to Gideon, while he was threshing, and inform- 
ed him that he was the chosen of the Lord to deliver Israel. 
It almost seems, from reading the chapter, that the father of 
Gideon, and probably Gideon himself, were among the worship- 
pers of Baal; at any rate, when the message was delivered to 
Gideon he did not seem to have much faith in it, for he said to 
the angel— "O my Lord, if the Lord be with us, why then is 
all this befallen us? and where be all his miracles which our 
fathers told us of; sayine, Did not the Lord bring us up from 
Egypt? but now the Lord hath forsaken us, and delivered us 
into the hands of the Midianites." The angel again assured 
Gideon that he was chosen to deliver Israel, but still he would 
not believe, until he had tested the Lord to his own satisfac- 
tion, which he did with a fleece of wool. He said he would 
l.iy a fleece of wool on the ground, and let it remain there all 
night, and if in the morning he found it wet with dew and the 
ground dry all around it, he would consider that as a proof of 
the truth of the angel's message. The Lord agreed to Gideon's 
proposal, and in the morning we read that Gideon wrung a 
bowl full of water from the fleece, while the ground all arouud 
was dry. Still he was not satisfied, but wanted a further test 
to convince him, and that was that he would leave the fleece on 
the -'round all night, and if he found it dry in the morning and 
the ground wet all around, then he would believe. The Lord 
again assented to his proposition, and on the following morning 
he found the ground wet with the dew but the fleece perfectly 
dry. Then he believed the message, accepted the mission to 
which he was called, and became, in the hands of the Lord, 
the deliverer of Israel from the oppressions of Midian, the 
history of which you can read in the chapters of Judges named 
above. This same Gideon was afterwards one of the mighti- 
est rulers in Israel, he was greatly blessed of the Lord, and we 
are told that he had seventy sons. 



The L'.story of Gideon, or we should rather say, the history 
of the house of Israel, conveys very important lessons, which 
the Latter Day Saints, more than all people now on the earth, 
should always remember. Among the most important of these 
lessons are, first — God never forgets a civeuant made with 
him; second— He will not be unmiudful of the prayers of those 
who truly repent of their sins and humble themselves before 
him; and third, he will not fail to punish with severe chastise 
mmt those who persist in disobedience to His commands. The 
first of these lessons we learn in the fact, that although the 
children of Israel were so rebellious and wicked, He remember- 
ed and had mercy upon them, because of the covenants He had 
made with their fathers. The second is also proved by the fact 
that although rebellious so often and sinning so grievously, He 
never failed to be merciful and to bestow blessings upon the 
descendants of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob when they repented 
and turned to Him with full purpose of heart. The last lesson — 
that He never fails to punish severely those who persist in evil — 
is shown by the condition of the descendants of Israel to day 
and for the past eighteen centuries. During the whole of that 
time they have been scattered among and persecuted by the 
people of nearly every nation under heaven, and in almost every 
couceivable way they have been laboring under the curse of 
God. The Latter-day Saints should not forget these lessons,for 
they too are the covenant people of God, and while they are as 
sure of blessings, through faithfulness, as any people with 
whom God ever made a covenant, if they break their covenants 
and prove themselves unfaithful, they can no more escape the 
displeasure and chastisement of God than did ancient Israel. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 




EXPERIMENT. 



THE mind is too frequently satisfied with knowing how to do 
a thing without the trouble of doing it ; hence it is well to 
witness experiments, especially in chemistry, of which it is 
almost impossible to kuow anything correctly without doing 
the thing; i. e., making the "reaction," or seeing it done. 
Who would have been benefitted by the dreams of the alchem- 
ists had not experiment been one of the conditions necessary to 
success in discov3ring the ''philosopher's stone," and other 
impossibilities. The laboratory, frequently an old garret or 
outhouse was labored in continually to try how many changes 
could be produced on matter, and, by persistently laboring, 
great truths were stumbled on rather than sought after— gold 
was wanted, truth was obtained. In this way, children, some 
of the most wonderful discoveries were made, by which wcare 
benefitted to-day 

But there is now far less difficulty in attaining to a knowledge 
of the various bodies of which this glorious earth is composed 
because science has handled them, weighed them, compared 
them. The air we breathe is known to be oxygen and nitrogen, 
carbonic acid, aqueous vapor and ammonia being suspended in 
it. Water is known to be oxygen andhydiojen; it is made 
(synthesis) before our eyes in the experiments from time to 
time in the lecture room, or its elements are separated, (analy- 
sis) weighed and examined. Hardly a rock is found upon the 
earth's surface which has not been defined, its constituents de- 
termined, even its origin or history is known. Even the distant 
orbs are becoming subjects of chemical manipulation. Meteoric 
masses are separated to see if there are earths differently com- 
posed to this, and the universe is found to be mado up of one 
family of elements. 





CT TJ "V El IT I !_. E IITSTE-TJOTOR, 



139 




Is it not worth our while to know these elements ? There ' 
are but some sixty-five of them, and we may know much that is 
interesting about all, by taking the trouble to know a few of 
them by experiment, i. e., by using them, handling them, com- 
bining them as directed in elementary works, now so easily 
obtained; not being satisfied with what is said about them till 
we can recognize them wherever we meet them, for ourselves. 
Here labor commences. Nothing can be accomplished success- 
fully without labor; in any department of human investigation 
there is work to be done. First let us learn the letters, then 
the use of them ; the elements are the letters; the bodies we 
are surrounded with are the nouns or things; the reaction, or 
changes they are producing upon each other are the verbs or 
doings among them; their forms, sizes, weights, colors, tastes, 
odors, &c, are the adjectives or qualities. Every letter in the 
alphabet of chemistry is definite, and once known its meaning 
is never forgotten. Beth. 

('Jo be continued ) 



[For the JuwiiMe Instructor. 

-B^IZ'S YOYAGE ZELOUILTID 



(Continued.) 




VI 7 E sighted the island of Karakina on the :ird of April, 
V 1851. This island is at the entrance of Conception Bay, 
on the north side of which is a navigable passage. While run- 
ning before a spanking wind through this passage, an amusing 
incident occurred. For six months we had been afloat on the 
ocean and, of course, in all that time our eyes had never been 
blessed with the sight of a female. A fisherman and his wife, 
in a small boat, orossed our bows. At the sight of the lady, 
without prompting and with one accord, the boys manned the 
rigging and forecastle and gave her three as loud and lusty 
cheers as ever arose from the deck of a ship, and, to the no 
little surprise and astonishment of the occupants of the boat, 
carrying the wind on our quarter, we run into the bay and an- 
chored for the first lime since leaving home, in front of the town 
of Talcahuana, as the ensign dipped and the eveuiug gun fired 
on board H. B. ML frigate Thetis. 

Conception Bay is quite a resort for whalemen, the harbor 
being secure from all winds; besides, it is an excellent place for 
recruiting, vegetables and good water being plentiful. Sur- 
rounding the bay the scenery is magnificent, and to our eyes it 
was a paradise. We found several vessels at anchor iu the bay, 
like ourselves just out from home, among others the Ontario, 
no oil yet. In fact, as we had one hundred barrels stowed in 
our hold, we here looked upon a very lucky ship. 

As a comparison and example of the luck of fisherman, ex- 
emplifyed by the whaling business, I mention the names and 
success of two vessels at anchor in the bay on our arrival, one 
the Harvest, of Nantucket, thirty months from home, 1800 bar- 
rels of oil; the other, the Spartan, of Nantucket, forty-two 
months out, 700 barrels. 

Talcahuana is the seaport of the city Conception. It is situ- 
ated at the head of the bay, and looks very picturesque with 
its white houses backed by a large green hill. The streets are 
narrow but clean; there are no public buildings, except, per- 
haps, the calaboose, a rather sorry affair, and the cathedral or 
church, a dikpidatad and ruinous old building, situated on the 
plaza, or public square. Owing to frequent earthquakes, the 
houses are built of stone, are mostly one story and nearly all 
painted white or whitewashed. Several years since, in 18:i'2 if 
I remember rightly, the old town was destroyed by an earth- 
quake, and the larger portion sunk, and where once stood the 
most thriving part of the town is now but a low, marshy waste. 
Tts inhabitants are a curious mixture of Spaniard, Indian and 
negro. They speak the Spanish language and as n general 



thing are not wanting in hospitality. The men are the laziest 
set of beggars I ever fell in with. The women are more 
sprightly. They are fiuely formed and very good looking, some 
quite handsome. Though very loose in their morals, they are 
warm supporters of their religion, the Roman Catholic — the 
only creed tolerated. On the principal streets almost every 
house is a "paulparee," or rum-shop, frequented principally by 
seamen. Fandangoing, or dancing, cock-fighting and horse 
riding seem to be the principle amusements and occupation of 
the citizens. The climate is delightful and wholesome. The 
soil is very fertile; wheat is raised in large quantities, also 
potatoes, apples, grapes, peaches, pears and melons in abun- 
dance. A good supply of these products was taken on board 
for our next cruise, besides about five hundred barrels of water. 
The face of the country presents a rolling appearance, with 
occasional high hills, and far in the distance tower the snow- 
capped peaks of the Andes. Many extensive mines of silver, 
gold and copper have been discovered, but I believe they have 
never been properly worked. The government is republican 
and very liberal in its views. The city of Conception, nine 
miles from the bay, w s, years ago, the most important and 
flourishing town in the province, but repeated shocks of earth- 
quake, and the many political revolutions and changes in trade, 
both maratime and inland, together with its unfortuuate situa- 
tion, has caused the city to gradually decline before her origi- 
nally insignificant entry port, uow the prosperous and rising 
city of Talcahuana. 

After a two weeks' sojourn we had taken aboard the necessary 
wood, water and provisions for our second cruise, and prepar- 
ations were made for going to sea. Man-of-war Bill had 

deserted, and Jim M , a boat-steerer, and the cook were 

discharged on account of sickness. In place of the two latter, 
were shipped a Spaniard named George, and a Marquesas 
islander named John. A negro cook, and a boat-steerer hailing 
from New Bedford, also joined the vessel. The captain having 
completed his arrangements, the anchor was hove up, and the 
second cruise of the voyage commenced. Our course was laid 
direct for the island of Juan Fernandez, where it was the inten- 
tion to cruise for some time, with the hope of capturing a few 
whales; indeed, the talk of the officers and men was that 
nothing short of six hundred barrels would suffice before going 
into port again. After a very pleasant run of two weeks, 
without seeing any whales, however, on a bright May morning, 
we first sighted that far-famed island, Juan Fernandez, the 
solitary home of Selkirk, and the imaginary kingdom of the 
renowned Robinson Crusoe. 

( To Le contained.) 

OiTBlCU Farms. — The raising of the ostrich iu a tame 
state for its feathers is now carried on extensively in Alriea. 
The birds are kept in inclosures, and fed on lucerne, with which 
the inclosure is planted. Every eight mouths they are plucked, 
sonu extracting the quill at once, and others cutting the quill a 
little above its insertion, and then removing the roots a couple 
of months later. The latter method is said to give better re- 
sults with less injury to the bird. The yield is about fifty dol- 
lars per annum for each bird. 

In breeding it is found to be best to allow one female to each 
male though in the wild state five females are often attached to 
a single male. There are usually two broods in a year, and the 
male and female sit on the eggs by turns, the male taking the 
largest share of this duty. The female takes chief charge of the 
brood after it is hatched. The young are reared on chopped 
lucerne, and as they get older a little grain is given to them; 
they also require abundance of water, and a liberal supply of 
pulverized quartz and small bones. When they are grown, no 
food suits them belter than chopped lucerne or trefoil, with an 
occasional supply of cabbage, fruit, and grain, 





.4=0 



J~ U "V IE ILT I !_, IE INSTRTJCTOB. 




%\t 3>\ihtniU ittstUttrlou 



tf 



CEORCE O. CANNON - • EDITOR. 

SAT URDAY, AU GUST 30. 1873. 



stjhtjda.it school gatk^ 

EHI1TG A.T XjOC3-A-TsT. 



(GiMfiiiitciO 



ADDRESS Ob" PRESIDENT G. A. SMITH. 




/ 



HE Holy Sepulchre is occupied by a va- 
riety of Christian sects, who believe that 
the Sai-ior was buried there. He might 
have been, though in my judgment the 
probabilities are against the supposition. 

w {"^STlII -1 ^ ut * or tne 1,ast f° urteeQ uuu ^ re ^ years, 
' 7p;=jQ3Fi*£i' perhaps, this has been regarded as the 
n\ \le!^\v*-^ identical spot where the burial of the Savior 
-VV*' ! *V-H.t^ took place. The Sepulchre itself you do 
not see, it is covered up with slabs of mar- 
that is, the spot or table upon which the 
jy} dead body of the Savior was supposed to have 
(■ r^' been laid. The Sepulchre is big enough for peo- 
r-S-V pie to walk in and out. Some half d zen or more 
can go in at a time. This, I believe attracts more 
""' iV^ attention than any other,as it is believed to be the place 
(jftt5 where the Savior laid three days and three nights. 
^nS> Whe " I went m I touched the table, or rather the mar- 
-*-jA ble slab that is supposed to cover the sepulchre, with my 
cane. The monk seemed horrified that I should be so 
irreverent, upon which I gave him a piece of money, and ho 
lighted a wax candle and stuck it up to atone fur my siu in 
doing this. I do not know but he blew it out as soon as I 
went out, 

There is near this place two other sepulchres. One of them 
is said to be that of Nicodeums — the man who visited Jesus by 
night; the other that of Joseph of Arimathea, which they say 
was made fur himself after the resurrection of the Savior, 
because h<- was unwilling to lay in the same sepulchre that the 
body of Jeeas had occupied. These two sepulchres answer 
better the description that we have of the sepulchre of Jesus 
than the other one, but the other one has the ''identical" stone 
at the door, which, the Scriptures say, the angel rolled away. 
The way these ideas have been picked up is as follows — A 
very pious woman, the mother of the Emperor Constantine, 
v. ol to Jerusalem between three and four hundred years after 
Christ. She undertook to find all the holy places, and in her 
iffurts she was assisted by a f-w monks and recluses who lived 
thi re. 8hc found, it is said, the true cross and the place where 
found the tomb in which the Savior was laid, 
and Hi- stone to which he was tied when he was whipt, and 
the place where be was crowned with thorns. All these spots 
she i- said lo have designated, She managed to group them 
together -■■ closely tint she jurrouaded and enclosed them all 
with one wall and building, and that building was named the 
( 'hurch of the Holy Sepulchre, 

This building is now occupied by several different sects, 
n I . > i Roman Catholic Church occupies a part of it; the 

' or Oriental Church upics part of it; the Copts and 

A .i ;. • i h a chapel. They occupy this sepulchre in 
turn; a J i irks, who are the ruling powui in the country, 

as a kind of polioeman over it; and when these various 
Christian sects fight, which they frequently do, over the posses 
si n of the Holy Sepulchre, the Turks have to settle the diffi- 
culty. Since wj were there there has been a big fight between 



jy 



these Christians over the possession of the Sepulchre, and the 
Turks had to rush in and part them. 

Oae half of the stone to which the Savior was bound when 
he was scourged has been carried away to Rome, the other 
half still remains iu this old church in Jerusalem; but it was in 
danger of being worn away by the people kissing it and pray- 
ing upon it, so to preserve it the monks have enclosed it in a 
little case. They have a stick about twenty inches long, each 
end of which is encased with brass. Pilgrims go there in 
immense numbers, and they reach the end of that stick through 
the case to the stone, and then they take it out and kiss it. I 
sat there looking at my watch and saw persons kissing that 
stick. Xow and then one would wipe the end of the stick, but 
generally the kissing went right along at the rate of from 
twelve to fifteen a minute. 

Concluded in our next. 



Learned Sheep. — At an exhibition of fat cattle, sheep, pigs, 
etc., held at Stanley, England, lately, were two sheep, six months 
old, of an extraordinary size and in splendid condition, reared 
entirely by hand, and born in the neighborhood of Broad Greeu. 
Their food was cow's milk, oats, grass, and latterly mangolds, 
turnips, and hay. Their owner, a youth, had watched their 
growth with intense interest, and always personally superin- 
tended their treatment. They soon became greatly attached to 
him, and followed him like a dog for any distance. They were 
taught by htm to jump, aud perform some gymnastic feats, and 
likewise to run well and steadily abreast in harness, in which 
the female, hy her action and graceful movements, was particu- 
larly distinguished, the rani being occasionally obstinate and 
more difficult to manage. When the owner went himself to 
the exhibition, the female sheep, seeing him at a shoit distance, 
without any previous intimation of voice or gesture, made a sud- 
den and desperate effort to jump out of the pen to get at him; 
and both immediately recognized him, thus displaying an a- 
mount of intelligence which is not ordinarily supposed to be- 
long to these but too frequently much-abused animals. The 
owner intends to continue the course of instruction already com- 
menced so successfully. It may be stated that no prize was of- 
fered for specimens of this description; but the certificate of 
"highly commended" was freely awarded to them by the judges. 



An AlleuoRY. — An old man was toiling through the bur- 
den and heat of the day in cultivating his fields with his own 
hands, and depositing the promising seeds in the fruitful lap of 
yielding earth. Suddenly there stood before him, under the 
shade uf a huge linden tree, a vision. The old nun was struck 
with amazement. 

"I am Solomon," .spoke the phantom, in a friendly voice. 
"What are you doing here old man?" 

"If you are Solomon," replied the venerable laborer,"how 
can you ask this? In my youth you sent me to an ant; I saw 
its occupation, and learned from that insect to be industrious 
and gather. What 1 then learned. I have followed out to thi.1 
hour." 

"You have only learned half your lesson," resumed the spirit. 
"Go again to the ant, and learn to" rest in the winter of .-"our 
life, and to enjoy what you have gathered up." 



If a father wishes to givo bis son a legacy that will endure 
while ife exists, lot him send him to an institution where he 
can obtain a general practical business education, and he will 
have the satisfaction of knowing that he gives him what is bet- 
ter th in houses, lots, and farms, or even gold and silver. These 
things may take wings and suddenly fly away; but this knowl- 
edge will endure while life and reison exist. 







J IT "V" El 1ST I Xj E3 IITSTRTJOTOE,, 




14=1 



THE SACKED IBIS. 






Here we have a picture of the White or Sacred Ibis, a bird 
which was esteemed so highly, it is said, by the ancient 
Egyptians, that they worshipped it while living and embalmed it 
when dead. Both statements are very likely true, for the Ibis 
made its appearance in Egypt just about the time of the yearly 
overflow of theNile,and upon that event the very lives of the whole 
Egyptian people depended, for without it their land would pro- 
duce no crops. But when the Ibis appeared the o v erflow wa.s 
considered pretty sure, and hence it was regarded as the fore- 
runner of plenty, and this was one reason why it was such a fa- 
vorite with the people. Another reason was, that these birds 
devoured very large numbers of locusts,and locusts were among the 
scourges of ancient Egypt, sometimes causing famines by their 
depredations, as the crickets have done in Utah. 

You can hardly wonder at the Egyptians having such a high 
opinion of these 
birds, when you 
remember that 
they were so 
very beneficial 
to them. They 
had no knowl- 
edge of God, and 
being iguorantof 
Him, they natur- 
ally enough wor- 
shipped some of 
the works of His 
hands to which 
they believed 
they were under 
great obligatons. 
This was wor- 
shippingtheCre- 
ator through his 
creatures or the 
productions if 
His power,a cus- 
tom quite com- 
mon among oth- 
er ancient heath- 
en nations as 
well as the Egyp- 
tians. Besides 
the ibis, cats, 
dogp, rams, ser- 
pents, crocodiles, 
and many other 
creatures, especially the bull, were adored by the Egyptians. 

These animals had their temples, and many priests to serve 
them; and when the people had auy particular petition to offer, 
to the bull for instance, they or the priests would whisper it into 
his ears, and then, covering their own with their mantles, would 
rush out of the temple, and believe that the first words they heard 
in the streets was the god's answer to their appeal ! In limes 
of long continued drought, or plague, or other calamity, the 
priests took these animal-gods into dark and secret places, and 
talked with them, and threatened them with punishment if they 
did not remove the trouble. If there was no change they would 
beat the animals, as the Chinese sometimes do their idols, or 
even put them to death — although in a general way the death 
of any of these sacred creatures was lucked upon as a great 
evil — the body was then embalmed, after which, followed by a 
weeping, howling crowd, the mummy was placed in a touib pre- 
pared for the purpose iu the rocks outside the town. 

It is not very likely that the priests killed many of the birds 




called ibis, for it was a custom among the Egyptians to kill any 
person who killed one of them, even by accident. Numbers 
of the mummies, or embalmed bodies of the ibis have been taken 
from the burial places in the ruins of Thebes and Memphis, 
cities of ancient Egypt, and they are now on exhibition in the 
museums of Europe. 

We do not think there is much worship of the ibis, crocodile, 
bull, serpents &c., in Egypt now. Not but what the peasantry 
of the country are still very ig'iorant and superstitious. But 
Egypt is no longer the land of mystery and magie it once was. 
The systems of worship and religion which prevailed there in 
ancient times have long since disappeared, and now the customs 
and systems of government which prevail in the western or civ- 
ilized nations are making headway in the land of the ancient 
Pharaohs. 

The present ruler of Egypt is considered to be a wise ruler, 
and he is doing his best to introduce railways, telegraphs, and 
all the improvments of science and art possessed by Europeans 

and Americans 
into his domin- 
ions; and when 
such innovations 
gain admittance 
and make pro- 
gress among a 
people, however 
ignorant they 
may be of the 
true God, we 
may be sure that 
there is no room 
among them for 
beast or idol 
worship, and oth- 
er follies which 
s have sp rung 
"^ from priescral't, 
p superstition and 
Bj ignorance. 

The Value 
of Small Cour- 
tesies. — Civility 
costs nothing, 
and is often pro- 
ductive of good 
results. Here is 
an instance: A 
doctor of medi- 
cine at Bath, 
England, recently 
lad a legacy of $20,000 and a comfortable house left him by 
a lady who was only known to him by his once offering her a 
scat iu his carriage. A gentleman known to the writer, once 
assisted a very old and feeble man to cross from the London 
Mansion House to the Bank of England, very dangerous, 
especially at midday, when the city is full of cabs, omnibuses, 
drays and other vehicles. When the old gentleman had got safe- 
ly across, he exchanged cards with his obliging young friend, and 
tnere the matter rested. Some few years pfter a firm of Lon- 
don solicitors wrote to the young gentleman who hid taken 
pity on the old man, informing him that a legacy of $5,000, 
and a gold watch and chain, had been left to him by the ger.- 
tleuian who"took the opportunity of again thanking him in his 
will, lor an act of unlocked for civility." It is net likely that all 
will have gold watches and chains left to them, or neat little 
bundles of crisp notes; but it is certain that acts of civility are 
productive of sufficient results to our inner selves as to make 
it worth while to practice them whenever v ■ find thoopportu i it 




rfc 



142 



j-TJ'srs^riXjE IITSTRUOTOR. 




h: t 



S T O IR, 3T OF 
CHUROH. 
(Cbn&nuecl.) 



a? h: e 



1_)RESIDENT Young and council and the main body of the 
camp remained in the valley until the 20th of August, when 
they started on their return journey. On the 3rd of September, 
they met the first company of families, which had left Winter 
Quarters in the month of June. This was Captain Daniel 
Spencer's company. The nest day they met Elder Parley P. 
Pratt's encampment. On the .3th they met Captains A. 0. 
Smoot's, G. B. Wallace's and C. C. Rich's companies. On the 
Tth they met Captain Edward Hunter's company, with whom 
Elder John Taylor was traveling; and on the Sth they met Cap- 
tain J. M. Grant's hundred. Ou the 18th of October the pio- 
neer company were met by three wagons and a number of 
horsemen from Winter Quartjrs, who had been sent out to their 
assistance. On the 30th of October, after a trying journey, 
the pioneer company reached the Elkhorn river. Presidents 
Young and Kimball expressed their satisfaction with the con- 
duct of the pioneers during their travels, and blessed them in 
the name of the Lord. At sunset about twenty wagons arrived 
from Winter Quarters with Bishop N. K. Whitney, John S. 
Fullmer, William Kay and many others, bringing food and 
grain. On the 31st of October, when the company was about 
a mile from Winter Quarters, the wagons of the Twelve came 
to the front and President Young remarked: 

"Brethren, I will say to the pioneers, I wish you would 
receive my thanks fur your kindness and willingness to obey 
orders. 1 am satisfied with you — you have done well. We 
have accomplished more than we expected. Out of one hun- 
dred and forty-three men who started, some of them sick all 
of them are well. Not a man has died ; we have not lost a 
horse, mule or ox but through carelessness. The blessings of 
the Lord have been with us. If the brethren are satisfied with 
me and the Twelve please signify it by uplifted hands." 

All hands were raised. President Young continued, 

"I feel to bless you in the name of the Lord God of Israel. 
Vou are dismissed to go to 3 - ourown homes." 

The company drove into the town of Winter Quarters in 
order about an hour before sunset. The streets were crowded 
with people to shake hands as they passed through the lines, 
and the pioneers truly rejoiced to ouce more behold their wives, 
children and friends after an absence of over six mouths, in 
which time they had traveled uver two thousand miles, sought 
out a location for the saints to dwell in peace, and accomplished 
the most interesting mission in this dispensation. As not a soul 
of the camp had died, and no serious accident had happened to 
any, they felt to praise the Lord. 

President Young and the Twelve had but little time to spend 
in resting when they reached Winter Quarters. There was 
plenty of work to be done in arrangiug for the Saints who had 
not gathered to Winter Quarters, in caring for those already 
there and in making preparations for the journey the next year 
of those who were able to come to these valleys. Brother John S. 
Fulmer,onc of the three trustees who had been left in Nauvoo to 
settle up the affairs of the church, sell the property, kc, was 
at Winter Quarters and reported their proceedings in Nauvoo 
to the Twelve. It was voted in council that the trustees gather 
all the papers and books pertaining to church affairs in Nauvoo 
and as soon as the; had sold as much of the property as they could, 
they should gather up to Council Bluffs. Elder Jesse C. Little, 
who had made the journey to the valley and back with the 
pioneers, was inst ucted to resume his presidency over the 
eastern churches. Elder John Brown, another of the pioneers, 
was appointed to labor in the Southern States, and a large 
number of elders were also selected to go on missions. 
Arrangements were also made to vacate Winter Quarters and 
found a settlement on the eastern lido "f the river, at Council 



Bluffs. This town was afterwards named Kanesvillc, in honor 
of General Thomas L. Kane. The name has since been changed, 
and it is now known as Council Bluffs City. The reason for 
vacating Winter Quarters was that the land where the town 
stood belonged to thelndians; it was anlndiau territory the title of 
which had not been extinguished. The agents of the govern- 
ment were disposed to take advantage of this and annoy the 
people, and that there might not be the least cause or imaginary 
cause of confusion on the part of the government, it was 
deemed best to remove to the other side of the river. It was 
voted that until the laws of Iowa were extended over the people 
of the new settlement at the Bluffs, the bishops should have 
authority as civil magistrates among the people. This was 
necessary that there might be courts to exercise jurisdiction in 
case of difficulty. The organization of companies to be ready 
to emigrate in the spring was pushed forward with great zeal 
during the winter. 

On the oth of December, 1847, a council of the Twelve met 
at Elder Orson Hyde's house, and unanimously elected Presi- 
dent Brigbain Young as president of the church of Jesus Christ 
of Latter-day Saints, with authority to nominate his two coun- 
selors. The President appointed Brother Heber C. Kimball 
as his first counselor, and Brother Willard Richards as his second 
counselor, and these appointments were unanimously sustained. 
The next day, besides other items of business, Patriarch John 
Smith was nominated and sustained as patriarch over the whole 
church. Elder Orson Pratt was appointed to go to England 
and take charge of the affairs of the church there, and Elders 
Orson Hyde and E. T. Benson went to the East on missions. 

On the 24th of December a conference of the church was 
held at the new settlement, which was continued until the 29th. 
A high council was selected for that side of the river, and much 
important business was transacted, and on the 29th, the last 
day of the conference, the people confirmed the election of 
President Young as president of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints, with Brothers Heber C. Kimball and Wil- 
lard Richards as his counselors. From the death of the 
prophet Joseph up to this time, the Twelve Apostles had acted 
as the presidency of the church. The mind of the Lord had 
been obtained respecting this matter, and a first presidency 
had been selected, consisting of President Young and the two 
counselors whom he had appointed. While upon this subject 
we may anticipate the history sufficiently to say that upon the 
arrival of the Presidency in the valley, four elders were chosen 
as apostles to act in the vacancies which had been thus created 
and to take the place of Lyman Wight, who was cut off from 
the Apostleship. They were Charles Rich, Lorenzo Snow, 
Erastus Snow and Franklin D. Richards. 
( To be continued. ) 



What to DO when ANGRY. — ''I get mad so quickly, and 
then I am sure to say something that I am sorry for ever after- 
wards." 

''When angry, count three before speakiug," answered the 
bey's father. 

The next time the boy fell into a fit of anger with one of 
his school-fellows, he remembered the advica of his father, and 
counted three By this time he was able to keep back the hard 
words that were ready to leap from his tongue, and so saved 
himself the grief of shame and repentance. 

Try this remedy, quick-tempered boys and girls. It is best, 
of course, not to get angry; but if you do happen to lose your 
self-control, then put a seal upon your lips, and remain silent 
until your hot blood is cooled a little. Every time you do this 
you will gain some power over your temper, and after a while 
be able to keep it from breaking out, and doing yourself and 
others harm. 





JUYBIsriLE IUSTBTJCTOR. 



143 



ANECDOTES OIF WILD 

.A-IST IMALS, lETO. 

{Continued.) 



% 



DR. Livingstone, the African traveler and explorer, is not 
much of a believer in the nobility or courage of lions. In 
his "Travels and Researches in South Africa," the Dr. says: 

"By day there is not, as a rule, the smallest danger of 
lions which are not molested attacking man, nor even on a clear 
moonlight night, except when they possess the breeding affec- 
tion-, this makes them brave almost any danger; and if a man 
happens to cross to the windward of them, both lion and lioness 
will rush at him, in the manner of a bitch with whelps. This 
does not often happen, as I only became aware of two or three 
instances of it. In one case a man, passing where the wind 
blew from hitn to the animals, was bitten before he could climb 
a tree; and occasionally a man on horseback has been caught by 
the leg under the same circumstances. So general, however, is 
the sense of security on moonlight nights, that we seldom tied 
up our oxen, but let them lie loose by the wagons ; while on a 
dark, rainy night, if a lion is in the neighborhood, he is almost 
sure to venture to kill an ox. His approach is always stealthy, 
except when wounded; and any appearance of a trap is enough 
to cause him to refrain from making the least spring. 

"When a lion is very hungry, aud lying in wait, the sight of 
an animal may make him commence stalking it. In one case a 
man, while stealihily crawling toward a rhinoceros, happened to 
glance behind him, and found to his horror a lion stalking Mm; 
he only escaped by springing up a tree like a cat. At Lopepe 
a lioness sprang on the after-quarter of Mr. Os well's horse, and 
when we came up to him we found the marks of the claws on 
the horse, and a scratch on Mr. O.'s hand. The horse, on feel- 
ing the lion on him, sprang away, and the rider, caught by a 
wait-a-bit thoru, was brought to the ground and rendered insen- 
sible. His dogs saved him. Another English gentleman (Cap- 
tain Codrington) was surprised in the same way, though not 
hunting the lion at the time, but turniug round he shot him 
dead in the neck. By accident a horse belonging to Codrington 
ran away, but was stopped by the bridle catching a stump; there 
he remained a prisoner two days, and when found the whole 
space around was marked by. the footprints of lioas. They had 
evidently been afraid to attack the haltered horse, from fear that 
it was a trap. Two lions came up by night to within three 
yards of oxen tied to a wagon, and a sheep tied to a tree, and 
stood roaring, but afraid to make a spring. On another occa- 
sion, one of our party was lying sound asleep and unconscious 
of danger between two natives behind a bush at Mashue ; the 
fire was nearly out at their feet in consequence of all being com- 
pletely tired oat by the fatigues of the previous day ; a lion 
came up to within three yards of the fire, and there commenced 
roaring instead of making a spring; the fact of their riding-ox 
being tied to the bush was the only reason the iion had for not 
following his instinct and making a meal of flesh. He then 
stood on a knoll three hundred yards distant, and roared all 
night, and continued his growling as the party moved off by 
daylight next morning. 

"It possesses none of the nobility of the Newfound- 
land or St. Bernard dogs. With respect to its great 
strength there can be no doubt. The immense masses of mus- 
cle around its jaws, shoulders, and forearms proclaim tremend- 
ous force. They would seem, however, to be inferior in power 
to those of the Indian tiger. Most of those feats of strength 
that I have seen performed by lions, such as the taking away of 
an ox, were not carrying, but dragging or trailing the carcass 
along the ground; they have sprang on some occasions on to the 
hind-quarters of a horse, but no one has ever seen them on the 
withers of a giraffe. They do not mount on the hind-quarters 
of an eland even, but try to tear him down with their claws. 
Messrs. Ovwell and Vardon once saw three lions endeavoring to 



drag down a buffalo, and they were unable to do so for a time, 
though he was then mortally wounded by a two-ounce ball." 

The following is the account of the encounter with the buffa- 
lo and the lions, written by Mr. Vardon for Dr. Livingstone: 

"15th September, 1846. Oswell and I were riding this after- 
noon along the banks of the Limpopo, when a waterbuek started 
in front of us. I dismounted, and was following it through the 
jungle, when three buffaloes got up, and after going a little dis- 
tance, stood still, and the nearest bull turned round and looked 
at me. A ball from the two-ouncer crashed into his shoulder, 
and they all three made off. Oswell and I followed as soon as I had 
reloaded, and when we were in sight of the buffalo, and gaining 
on him at every stride, three lions leaped on the unfortunat - 
brute; he bellowed most lustily as he kept up a kind of running 
fight, but he was, of course, soon overpowered and pulled down. 
We had a fine view of the struggle, and saw the lions on their 
hind-legs tearing away with teeth and chws in a most ferocious 
style. We crept up within thirty yards, and, kneeling down, 
blazid away at the lions. My rifle was a single barrel, and I 
had no spare gun. O.ie lion fell dead almost on the buffalo; 
he had merely time to turn toward us, sieze a bush with his teeth 
and drop dead with the stick in his jaws. The second made off 
immediately; and the third raised his head, coolly looked round 
for a moment, then went on tearing and biting at the carcass as 
hard as ever. We retired a short distance to load, then again ad- 
vanced and fired. The lion made off, but a ball that he received 
ought to have stopped him, as it went clean through his shoul- 
der blade. He was followed up and killed, after having charged 
several times. Both lions were males. It is not often that one 
hags a brace of lions and a bull-buffalo in about ten minutes. 
It was an exciting adventure, and I shall never forget it." 
{ To be an'inued ) 




A Girl-Lesson of Order. — I remember when I was a 
little ten year's old girl, putting things to rights for my grand- 
mother in her bed room. A few moments afterwards I was 
sitting with u y hands folded, in a thoughtful way, when the 
good old lady said:"Don't you feel well to-day, dear?" 

"Not very, I feel down-hearted," I said, looking up into her 
cheery face. 

"Well, I can tell you what's the matter," said the shrewd 
little diplomat "I wasn't going to tell you, but I'd better do it 
than have you sick. I observed in my bedroom that you fold- 
ed a couple of quilts ami some sheets and my plaid shawl, and 
piled them on the trunk at the foot of my bed, and noue of 
them were folded evenly, and that's what ails you. My mother 
told me when I was a little girl if I did such work in a care- 
less, slovenly way, I would feel badly until they were folded 
right, and I always found her words to be true. It may be 
that this is hereditary in our family, T don't know, it seems 
like it," 

I sprang to my feet and went to work and folded every quilt 
and sheet just as evenly as the edges could lie, and piled them 
up until they fitted together as snugly as a pile of books. Sure! 
I felt well enough after that! my thoughts were as calm and 
snug as the bed clothes were. 

Oh, I was so glad grandmother had told me, 1 thought if she 
hadn't I might have gone on feeling "down-hearted," may be, 
for weeks and months. 

Well, the habit of folding quilts, sheets, blaukcts, table 
linen, shawls, wraps and such things even and nicely, became 
fixed so firmly, and followed me up to womanhood so persist- 
ently, that to-day, if I fold my shawl carelessly, I feel annoyed 
uutil I go and remedy the delinquency. I can see now the 
motive my shy little grandmother had in holding up before my 
youthful imagination the enormity of this fault, and I do most 
cordiallv thank her for it. 



xP. 



»^- 



"U 



\^t- 



14=4: 



JTJTBlsriLB INSTBTJOTOB. 





QUESTIONS AND AZST- 

SWBRS OUST THIE BOOK 

OF IVEOjr^lVLIOlsr. 

CATECiriSH FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 

lesson ss\r. 

Q. — What ilul Alma preach to them? 

A. — Repentance and redemption, and faith in the Lord. 

Q. — We ethey baptized? 

A. — Yes-, Alma baptized them in the water- of Mormon 

Q. — Who was th" first man whom he baptized? 

A. — Helam. 

Q. — What was there peculiar about the baptism of R lam? 

A. — Alma and Helam were both buried in the water. 

Q. — What followed their baptism? 

A. — They came out of the water rejoicing, being filled with the spirit. 

Q. — WaB Alma buried in the water in baptizing the others? 

A.— No. 

Q. — How many were baptized? 

A. — Two hundred and four souls. 

Q. — How were they made members of this church? 

A. — By being baptized by the power and authority of God. 

Q. — Did Alma ordain officers? 

A. — Y'cs; he ordained piiests. 

(J — How many priests were ordained? 

A.- One to every fifty of the members. 

Q. — Did the people support the priests? 

A. — N i; they labored with their own hands for their support. 

Q. — Did the people resist one another ? 

A.— Yes; thosewhohad an abundance imparted to those whostood 
in need 

Q. — How did Kin;; Noah find out concerning these meetings ? 

A. — He sent his servants to watch them. 

Q. — When he learned about the meetings what did he do? 

A. — He said Alma was stirring up the people to rebellion, and sent 
his armies to destroy them. 

Q. — Did these armies succeed : 

A. — No; Alma and the people of the Lord learned about the army 
coming and they fled. 

Q — Where, did tr-.cy go ? 

A- — They took their tents and went into the wilderness 

Q. — How many were there of them ? 

A. — Four hundred and fifty souls. 

LESJON XXXVI. 

Q. — Did Noah's reign continue a peaceful one ? 

A. — No; a part of his people rebelled against Him 

(j. — What happened then ? 

A. — The Lamanitcs came upon them. 

Q. — What did King Noah then do ? 

A —He commanded the people to (lee into the wilderness before the 
Lamanitcs. 

t^. — DbJ the Lamanitcs pursue them ? 

A.— Yes. 

Q. — What did King Noah command his people then to do? 

A.— That II the men should leave their wives and their Children and 
flee before the Lamanitcs. 

Q. — Did they otiey him ? 

A.— Mauy would not; they chose to stay an 1 perish with them. 

Q, — Did the Lamar ites slay them and their wives and children ? 

A. — No; they had their daughters stand forth and plead with the 
Lamanitcs. 

Q.— What followed ? 

A.— The Lamanitcs spared their lives, took them captive and carried 
them back. 

Q. — What tribute did the Lamanitcs compel them to pay? 

A. — One half of all they possessed. 

Q — What more did the Lamanitcs want of them ? 

A. — That they should deliver up King Noah unto them. 

Q. — What became of King Noah ? 

A. — The people who fled with him burned him to death. 

(j. — What liecamc of his priests? 

A. — They escaped further into the wilderness. 



Stlrtlti $o*fpu. 



t h: e 



GHILDE/EN'S 
IP XT ZZ LIE. 



Around a table strewed with Looks and toys, 
There sat a merry group of noisy boys, 
Half battling to d. splay, with fingers swift, 
A puzzle in a box — their father's gift. 
With eager haste the lid is pulled aside; 
Delighted with the game as yet untried, 
The box is searched, and busy hands begin 
To seize upon the pieces packed within; 
Each youngster confident of being able 
To 'range the fragments scattered on the table 
Into a pattern perfectly combined, 
Such as the wise arlificer designed 
But soon impatience deems the proc. ss slow; 
Tempers are chafed, and difficulties grow; 
"I'm sure," shouts Tom, "that piece should fit in there.' 
"It won't then," Dick retorts, with snappish air. 
"This liit's too short," pouts Jack, "and that's too long.' 
"I'm certain," grumbles Bill, "the puzzle's wrong!" 
Then Jack seeks help from Tom — Dick strives witli Bill— 
Bedtime is near — the puzzle puzzling still. 
At length, when concord and content have fled, 
"Let's ask our father, boys," cries little Ned. 
The others yield to the suggestion bright; 
l'apa, consulted, puts the puzzle right. 
Life's puzzle is as difficult to man: 
And he who cannot solve, arraigns its plan. 
Each tries his own solution, vaunts his wit; 
While others find the theory won't fit, 
And substitute their own— all failures still- 
But none believe the cause their lack of skill ! 
The puzzle must be wrong; they talk, they write, 
Consult some fellow-child, grow cross and fight, 
Pronounce the Maker but a poor designer, 
And think they could have made a game much fiuei ! 
The "Little Neds," as wiser Christians do, 
To solve life's puzzle, ask their Father too ! 



A boy worked hard all day for a quarter; he bought apples 
and took them to town aud sold them for a dollar. With the 
dollar he bought a sheep. The sheep brought him a lamb, and 
the fleece brought him another dollar. He bought another 
sheep. The next year he had two sheep, two lambs arid a year- 
ling sheep. The three fleeces he sold for three dollars, and 
bought three more sheep. He now had eight with a fair pros- 
pect. He worked, where he found opportunity, for hay, corn 
and oats, and pasturing for his sheep. He took the choicest 
care of thorn and soon had a flock, Their wool enabled him to 
buy a pasture for them, and by the time he was twenty-one he 
had a fair start in life, and all from the quarter he earned in 
one day. 



«TTj-^-iBiL>riir_,E insrsTiR/troTOiR, 

Is pub'ished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q CANNJN, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

•%nyle Copy, per Annum $2 00. 

&T flraln brought to this city for the Juvenile Instructou will 
be received at the office of papei — Deseret News Buildings. 




