
VOL. XIV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1879. 



NO. 6. 



TZHZIE G- XT IR, 3ST .A. E- _D 




rllS singular-looking fish is found on the coasts of England 
and Franco, in which countries it is used for food. When 
properly prepared, with suitable sauces, it is considered a 
great delicacy, and is found at the tables of the most aristo- 
cratic families. 

It is supposed that this R-h has received the name of 
Gurnard from a peculiar sound which it emits, particularly 
when just taken out of the water, and which has obtained for 
one or two species the local name of Piper. 

The Gurnard, or Gur- 
net, as it is spelled in dif- 
ferent countries, belongs 
to the family of sderogen- 
eidee, so called from the 
rough, beard-like appen- 
dages of the cheeks and 
fins. As before noticed 
in the INSTRUCTOR, many 
fish are named from some 
peculiarity of structure, 
:i- the horned ray, which 
bears the scientific name 
of ccplialoptera duiboliu, 
or win:- headed devil, and 
the cLuitylopleriM volilans, 
a species of flying-fish 
which leaps from the wa- 
ter by means <>r it- pec- 
toral fina 

'I'll i Gurnet i- :i diatur 
gniahing mark of the es- 
ontcheon, or ooat-of-arms, 
of the < > it r n cy family. 
The device consists of a 

Garnet itanding upon itahead over a cap of maintcnanci oi 
heraldic emblem of diatinotion. The Franoh, in many 

of their words, do not wand the final letter; thus il hap] a 

that the name ofthii Hah sounds like G Hence the 

posed origin of the family name of uney. 
The chief ofthii family was the late Samuel Gurney, of 
Hun Park, Bases, England. He was a member of the 
ty of Priends, or Quakei an I i jcnlli man of world 
wide celebrity for diaintereated benevolent nod philanthropy, 




as was his sister, Mrs. Elizabeth Fry, whose visits to nearly 
all the prisons of Europe in the interests of humanity are 
recorded in the annals of every civilized nation. Very few 
women have probably done more to benefit the condition of 
the criminal classes — those who have violated the laws of their 
respective countries and been cast into prison. Mrs. Fry not 
only went to see them in their cells and dungeons, but she 
talked with these outcasts from society, reasoned with them 
and prayed with them. Besides this, she noted the miserable 

condition in which they 
were placed by reason of 
the cruelty of keepers 
and the indifference of 
legislators. She sought 
out the nobles of the sev- 
eral nations and obtained 
a hearing from kings and 
queens, to whom she made 
known her mis-ion. The 
result was that, a com- 
plete charge was wrought 
in prison discipline. The 
suggestion of this wise 
and Christian woman were 
listened to by princes and 
potentates, and Mra Pry 
In ed to reap the reward 
by knowing that humanity 
had been blessed by her 
labors. 

As allusion has been 
made to o tats of anus, or 
armorial bearings, it will 
be as well to draw atten- 
tion to the fact thai suob appendages ore frequently of impor- 
tance in tracing genealogies, thinga in whioh we, asa people, 
take great interest Por as those who bear the Bame nam ■ a 
( I nriM y end have the escutcheon or emblem of a Gurnet for a 

isy be presumed to belong to the same family; so, by 

means of these devices many famiiie maybe traced back to 
;i r< mote antiquity. 

Peril i' we may tak ica ion to give a few facts in relation 

tu hero Id i j at some future lime. 



.— r€ 





63 



J TJ "V E3 IN" I !_, El I1TSTRUCTOR. 




iograghg. 



JOSSPH SMITH 



THE 



( Continued. ) 




NOTHING was plainer than that Joseph and the Saints 
could not depend upon political parties for their rights. 
There were great objections made against the Saints because 
they all voted one way. This union of theirs made them a 
power in the land, especially at elections; for the two parties 
were so equally divided in the State that whichever side the 
Saints voted for was sure to get the victory. They really held 
the balance of power; their votes decided the election. At 
the last election there had been two candidates for Governor 
of the State. One of them — Joseph Duncan — had said that 
if the people would elect him, he would exterminate the 
"Mormons" and take away their charters. By these prom- 
ises he hoped to secure the votes of all those who were opposed 
to the Latter-day Saints and wished them harm. The other 
candidate was Thomas Ford. He made no such threats; but, 
in his speeches, manifested a spirit to give every man his 
rights; hence, the Church universally voted for Mr. Ford, and 
he was elected Governor. But he was a politician. The 
success of a politician depends upon his popularity, and he 
therefore, endeavors to make himself popular. He does not 
ask whether a measure is right or not, so much as whether it 
is unpopular. On this account the promises of politicians can 
not, as a rule, be relied upon. They have not the independ- 
ence necessary to cling to aud uphold a principle regardless 
of consequence. 

We read an anecdote of a politician lately that we will relate, 
as it illustrates the trait of character of which we speak. He 
was a candidate for office in one of the Western States, and 
after giving his sentiments on the "Constitution," the "Mon- 
roe Doctrine," and other topics, he said: "Gentlemen," and 
he put his hand on the region of his heart, "these are my sen- 
timents — the sentiments, gentlemen, of an honest man — aye, 
an honest politician — but, gentlemen and fellow citizens, if they 
./.::, / suit you, they tun he altered. 

The first time the Missourians made a demand for Joseph, 
Governor Ford issued writs against him. The second time they 
made a demand for him he issued writs again. He had the 
best of evidence that .Joseph was a persecuted and deeply- 
.1 Mired man, innocent of the charges made against him fur 
the shooting of Ex-Governor Lilburn W. Boggsandof treason 
against the State of Missouri; but yet he would have given 
him up as freely as he would a dog, though he could not have 
been ignorant that the Missourians thirsted for his blood. 

Reynolds, when he was foiled in hie scheme to carry .Joseph 
into Missouri, presented a petition to Governor Ford for a de- 
tachment of milita to be detailed to assist him in retaking 
Joseph. Ford, in the meantime, however, had received the 
remonstrance and affidavit- of th< people of Nauvoo and Joseph's 
lawyers, which were all adverse to Reynolds' request. The 
lawyers were influential men. and Walker was a member of the 
Whig party — Ford, himself, was a Democrat — and if he did 
not act with some degree of fairness, they might expose him, 
^nd damage him, politically. He did not dare, therefore, to 

mi Reynolds' petition without farther investigation. He 



sent a messenger — a Mr. Braman — to Nauvoo, for a copy of all 
the testimony that was given in the case before the Municipal 
Court and affidavits concerning the expulsion of the Saints 
from Missouri. Upon his report the Governor decided to take 
no action in response to Reynolds' demand. 

About this time there was considerable excitement in the 
State on political matters. An election was about to be held 
for Members of Congress, and one party accused the other of 
tricks to secure votes. The demand of Missouri for Joseph's 
arrest was charged upon the Whig party by the Illinois State 
Register, a democratic paper published at Springfield, Illinois, 
as a trick to prejudice the Saints against Governor Ford and 
the Democratic party, with the hope to secure their votes for 
the Whig candidate. On the other hand the Whigs accused 
Ford of having delayed his decision upon the demand of Mis- 
souri for the militia to arrest Joseph, until after the election, 
with the view to intimidate the Saints and compel them to vote 
the Democratic ticket. The election was held on the 7th of 
August, and the Democratic ticket was voted for by the people 
of Nauvoo generally, though Joseph, himself, according to his 
previous determination and in fulfillment of a pledge which he 
had voluntarily made to Cyrus Walker, who was the Whig can- 
didate for Representative in Congress, voted the Whig ticket. 
The State Register said in defending Governor Ford, that 
eleven days previous to the election, he had decided not to call 
out the militia, and had so advised Governor Reynolds, of 
Missouri. On the 14th of August. Governor Ford wrote to 
Governor Reynolds at some length, explaining his reasons for 
not doing so. He contended that the law of the State of Illi- 
nois had been fully exercised in .the matter. A writ was issued 
for Joseph's appehension; he was apprehended, and was duly 
delivered by the officer of the State of Illinois to the Agent of 
the State of Missouri appointed to receive him. No process, 
officer, or authority of Illinois had been resisted or interfered 
with. Governor Ford said he had fully executed the duty 
which the laws imposed upon him. and there had been no resist- 
ance either in the writ issued for the arrest of Joseph or in the 
person of the officer appointed to apprehend him. There had 
been no warlike array in the proceedings of Joseph and his 
friends, no exhibition of arms, aud no actual force of an illegal 
character. Everything had been done on his part which the 
law warranted him in doing; and he ended by saying, that "in 
no one aspect of the ease can I consider the present an extreme 
emergency, warranting a call for the militia according to the 
provision of the law in this State." 

Once more were the Missourians foiled in their dastardly 
attempt to capture and make a victim of the Prophet. The 
Lord had preserved him. But they had made sure of getting 
him into their power again. In anticipation of Governor Ford 
ordering out the militia and retaking him, General Moses Wil- 
son, a moboerat who made himself notorious in persecuting 
the Saints in Missouri, hail crossed into Illinois with ten or 
twelve men. and had been waiting there for two or three weeks, 
with the hope of taking him hack into .Missouri. But they 
were not to have that pleasure. Governor Ford's decision 

spoiled the plan, and Wilson and his crew had their expense 
and trouble for nothing. Joseph was safe among his friends 
at Nauvoo. 

[To be Continued.) 



Of all the loves on earth most like the divine love is that of 
the good mother — so unselfish, unforgecting, watchful, con- 
siderate, free from a 1 jealousy, and desiring the good of her 
children far more than her own happiness. /£ 





.TTT^riEItTIILjIE I1TSTRUCTOB. 



63 



DIALOGUE ON PHILOSOPHY 



BY J. L. BARFOOT. 



BETWEEN PRECEPTOR AND PUPIL 

PUPIL. — I notice that many of our best read young men 
appear to be fascinated with the writings of modern 
scientists. Some of them begin to think, too, that the account 
given by such writers of the origin of creation from a nebu- 
lous mass is far more rational than that given by Moses. 

Preceptor. — Rather say modern philosophical writers are 
producing the effect which you ascribe to scientists. I would 
guard you as much against false philosophy as against that 
which is miscalled science. I admit that in the sense of the 
word rational, as understood by the advocates of the new 
philosophy, the preference would be likely to be given to the 
nebulous theory rather than the Mosaic account of the creation. 
But the former theory is no less false on that account. Accord- 
ing to it, all intelligent cause is denied. Revelation — divine 
inspiration — is not needed. But Moses sa3 T s "(iod created 
the heaven and the earth." He also describes the condition 
of things as a chaotic mass of matter — empty, for that is the 
meaning of the word void. If was also "covered with dark- 
ness" therefore, there was no life possible. 

Pupil. — That agrees with the condition of things as believed 
in by the "new philosophers," as you call them. They teach 
the existence ot a nebulous primordial mass, just such as 
Moses describes. 

Prkceptor. — By no means. Moses says it was formless, 
empty, without light, and, as a consequence, without life. 
Science, or that which pretends to be science, says: "The 
promise and potency of everything was contained in that 
nebulous mass of matter." Think of it! This means that 
the gaseous, nebulous matter that primarily exi-ted moved 
upon itself and evolved all things! Moses says: "The Spirit 
of God moved upon the face of the waters." He tells us 
that light was called into existence by the power of God. We 
know by observation, and also by revelation, that, light is 
capable of doing just such things to-day as were done then. 

PUPIL, — But scientists admit also that light was evolved. 

PRECEPTOR. — They admit this, but show no reason why. 
Under such conditions, there is no evidence that inert masses 
of matter could evolve light. 

Pupil, — They do not deny the existence of motion. As 
one of those philosophical writers says, "the interaction of 
material particles upon each other would produce heat and 
light." 

Preceptor— This only removes the difficulty a step farther. 
It is true that heat and light may bo evolved by motion, but 
whence does motion originate? A century ago, Young, in his 
"Night Thoughts," tried to show the difficulties of atheism 
in reasoning out this problem. He asks the rationalist of his 
day: 

"Who, motion, foreign to the smallest grain, 

Shot through vast IUH--CS of enormous weight? 
Who bid brute matter') airy, restive, lump 
Assume mob various forum, and gave it wings to lly?" 
And then, after showing the unreasonableness of motion 
springing into existence from inert matter, he shows that 
intelligence is al-o needed to originate this beautiful creation 
in which we live. lie asks the question: 

"Has matter more than motion? Has it thought, 

Judgment, and genius? Has it power to Frame 

Such lawi SS those which hut to guess 

Oould makes ETewton Immortal?" 



But that was in a day when men were not imbued with the 
spirit of infidelity through reading the "fascinating works" 
of pretended scientists. Men were then disposed to "look 
through nature up to nature's God." 

And now I would remind you that science is knowledge that 
is capable of being grounded on demonstration, with certainty; 
that which is not so known is speculative, and consequently 
uncertain. Such is the philosophy of the day. 

The Athenians in the days of Paul had not retrograded so 
far from the normal condition of man as more modern skeptics 
have. They erected an altar to the unknown God; the 
idolaters of to-day go further in apostasy by declaring that He 
is "unknowable!" 




^itriosiiicr? in Ifjjutttat^ J|oorl 



AMONG THE KAFFIRS. 



( Continued.) 

A SEPARATE oven is made for each foot, and formed as 
follows: — A hole is dug in the ground, considerably larger 
than the foot which is to be cooked, and a fire is built in it. 
As soon as it burns up, a large heap of dry wood is piled upon 
it, and suffered to burn down. When the heap is reduced to a 
mass of glowing ashes, the Kaffirs scrape out the embers by 
means of a long pole, each man taking his turn to run to the 
hole, scrape away until he can endure the heat no longer, and 
then run away again, leaving the pole for his successor. The 
hole being freed from embers, the foot is rolled into it, and cov- 
ered with green leaves and twigs. The hot earth and embers 
are then piled over the hole, and another great bonfire lighted. 

As sooii as the wood has entirely burned itself out, the oper- 
ation of baking is considered as complete, and the foot is lifted 
out by several men furnished with long sharpened poles. By 
means of this remarkable mi'ii the meat is cooked more thor- 
oughly than could be achieved in any oven of more elaborate 
construction, the whole of the tendons, the fat, the immature 
bone, and similar substances being converted into a gelatinous 
mass, which the African hunter seems to prefer to all other 
dishes, excepting, perhaps, the marrow taken from the leg 
bones of the giraffe or eland. 

Sometimes the trunk is cut into thick slices, and baked at the 
same time with the feet, Although this part of the elephant 

may not be remarkable for the excellence of its flavor, it has, 
at all events, the capability of being made tender by cooking, 
which is by no means the ease with I he meat that is usually ob- 
tained from the animals which inhabit Southern Africa. Even 
the skidl itself is broken ii|i for the sake id' the oily fat which 

(ills the 1 eycoinb-like cells which intervene between the plates 

of the skull. The rest of the meat is converted into "bil- 
tonguc," by cutting it into strips ami drying it in the sun. As 
a general rule, the Kaffirs do not like to leave an animal until 

they have dried or consumed the whole id' the meat. Under 

the ready spears and powerful jaws of the natives, even an 

elephant is soon reduced to a skeleton, as may be imagined from 

the fact that ''five Kaffirs can cat a buffalo in a day and a half. " 

Sometimes the flesh becomes more than "high," but the 

Kaffirs, and indeed all African savages, seem rather to prefer 
certain meats when in the incipient stage of putrefaction, 

Careless of (he future as are the iiatiwsuf Southern Africa, 
thej are never wasteful of food, and, unlike t he aborigines of 
North America. lhe\ seldom, if ever, allow the body of ; 








^ 



CTTJ^IEn^riLIE I2TSTBTJCTOE;. 



&\ 




animal to become the prey of birds and beasts. They will eat 
in two days the food that ought to serve them for ten, and will 
nearly starve themselves to death during the remaining eight 
days of famine, but they will never throw away anything that 
can by any possibility be eaten. Even the very blood is not 
wasted. It' a large animal, sucb as a rhinoceros, be killed, the 
black hunters separate the ribs from the spine, as the dead 
animal lies on its side, and by dint of ax blades, assagai heads, 
and .strung arms, soon cut a large hole in the side. Into this 
hole the hunters straightway lower themselves, ami remove the 
intestines of the animal, passing them to their comrades out- 
side, who invert them, tie up the end. and return them. By 
this time a large quantity of blood has collected, often reaching 

above the ankles of the hunters. This hi 1 they ladle with 

joined hands into the intestines, and so contrive to make black 
puddings on a gigantic scale. 

The flesh of the rhinoceros is not very tempting. That of at 
old animal is so very tough and dry that scarcely anyone ex- 
cept a native can eat it; and even that of the young animal is 
• inly partly eatable by a white man. When a European hunter 
kills a young rhinoceros, he takes a comparatively small portion 
of it — namely, the hump, ami a layer of fat anil flesh which 
lies between the skin and the ribs. The remainder he abandons 
to his native assistants, who do not seem to care very much 
whether meat he tough or tender, so long as it is meat. The 
layer of tat and lean on the ribs is only some two inches in 
thickness, so that the attendants have the lion's share, as far 
a- quantity is concerne I. Quality they leave to the more fas- 
tidious taste of I lie white man. 

The intestines of animals are greatly valued by the native 
hunters, who laugh a< white men for throwing them away. 

They state that, even asfood, the intestines are the best parts 

of the animal, and those Europeans who have had the moral 
courage to follow the example of the natives have always cor- 
roborated their assertion. Moreover, the intestines, as well as 
the paunch, are always useful as water vessels. This latter ar- 
ticle, when it is taken from a small animal, is always reserved for 
cooking purposes, being tilled with scraps of meat. fat. blood, 
ami other ingredients, and then cooked. Scotch travelers have 
compared this dish to the "haggis" of their native land. 

A curious custom prevails among the Kaffir warriors in regard 
to abstaining from drink. As a race they are notoriously fond 

of beer and even stronger liquids when they can procure them; 
but it is -aid that certain ceremonies demand that the warriors 
.-hall be \\i\ plenteously with beef during the night, but that 
they .-hall not be allowed to drink until the dawn of the follow- 
ing day. At tin' beginning of the feast they are merry enough; 
for beef is always welcome to a Kaffir, ami to be allowed to eat 
a- lunch a- he can possibly manage to accommodate is a luxury 
which but seldom occur-. 

Bowever, the time comes, even to a hungry Kaffir, when he 
cannot possibl} eat any more, and he craves for something to 
drink. This relief is strictly prohibited, no one being allowed 
to leave the circle in which the} are sitting. It generally hap- 
pens that some of the younger "boys," who have been but re- 
cently admitted into the company of soldiers, Slid themselves 
unable to endure such a privation, and endeavor to slip awaj 
unobserved. But a number of old and tried warriors, who have 
in ii re 1 1 themselves to thirst a- well as hunger, and who look with 
contempt on all who are less hard} than themselves, are sta- 
tioned at every point of exit, and, as soon as they see the dusky 
form of a deserter approach the spot which they are guarding, 

they unceremoniously attack him with their >tick-. ami beat 

him back to hi- place in the circle. 



Ou the march, if a Kaffir is hurried, and comes to a spot 
where there is water, he stoops down, and with his curved hand 
flings the water into his mouth with movements almost as rapid 
as those of a cat's tongue when she laps milk. Sometimes, if 
he comes to a river, which he has to ford, he will contrive to 
slake his thirst as he proceeds, without once checking his speed. 

This precaution is necessary if he should be pursued, or if 
the river should happen to be partially infested with crocodiles 
and other dangerous reptiles. 



£) 



% 



BttmoxtB for tittle jlaints. 



BY G. B. 



"There is no wisdom, nor understanding nor 
council against the Lord." 

} v^-v^E is the wis-est man who serves 

'?P%f G ° d best * " The fear ° f the Lord 
' G ^A w-? 1S ^ ie ke-gin-ning of wis-doin." 
^|p?£pr Earth-ly wis-dom shall per-ish, 
l$03 ear-thly know-ledge shall fail, but 
' ..( ' r the wis-dom wnich is in God shall 
f pre-vail for ev-er. 

Some men, who fear not God nor o-bey 
His laws, think them-selves wise. But 
they de-ceive them-selves; their souls will 
re-main un-saved, and then where will their 
wis-dom be? 

Some men, fan-cy they are learned, and 
say "there is no God." But their leam-ing 
is shal-low-ness; its re-sult is fol-ly. It is 
the fool who hath "said in his heart there 
is no God." 

True wis-dom, true know-ledge, is in 
God, it is of God, it is from God, it is all 
em-braced in that gos-pel which He calls 
up-on us to o-bey. 

A man can learn more in a mo-ment by 
the in-spi-ra-tion of God's Ho-ly Spir-it, 
than by long years of re-search with-out 
it. We should first seek that Ho-ly Spir-it, 
then search for wis-dom and know-ledge, 
and it will guide us in our work. That is 
the true or-der. 





.TTT^riEiLsriiL.: 



IITSTBUCTOR, 



65 



k 




Xo wis-dom, no true under-stand-ing, 
no wise coun-sel is op-posed to God. It all 
cen-ters in Him, in His pow-er, in His 
good-ness, in His great glo-ry. All sci- 
ence, all doc-trine, all teach-ing that leads 
from God is fol-ly and is sin; its end is 
death and the grave, but the wis-dom of 
the right-eous a-bid-eth in life e-ter-nal. 



THE SIXPENNY CALICO. 



ONE day a new scholar appeared in school. She was gentle 
andmodest looking, and did not for a moment lift her eyes 
from her books. "Who is she?" "What's her name?" were 

the questions of the girls; but no one knew. "I suspect she is 
not much," said one of the girls. 

"Do you sec her dress?" said I. "Why,I believe it isnoth- 
ing but a sixpenny calico!'' 

"Poor thing, she must be cold." ''I can't imagine how a 
person can wear calico this cold day," said another, whose fine 
plaid was the admiration of the school. "I must say I like to 
see a person dressed according to the season," remarked anoth- 
er— ''that is, if peoplecan afford it," she added, in a manner 
plainly enough meaning that her father could. 

None of us went to take the stranger by the hand, and wel- 
come her as the companion of our studies and our play. We 
Stood aloof, and Stared at her with cold and unfeeling curiosity. 

The teacher called her Susan. When she first came to re- 
peat her lesson, she took a scat beside the rich plaid. The 
plaid drew proudly away, as if the sixpenny calico might dim 
the beauty of its colors. A slight color flushed Susan's cheek, 
hut herquiel remained the same. It was some time before she 
ventured on the play-ground, and then it was only to stand on 

one side and look on. tor we were slow in asking her to join us. 

( »n one occasion we hada harder arithmetic lesson than usual, 
complete!} bafflingour small brains. Upon comparing notes, 

none of US had mastered it. ■I'll ask Susan of her success." 

said one of my class. "It is quite unlikely that she has," I re 
plied: — "do stay heiv; besides, what if she has?'' 

"I "ill go," she answered, Awayshewent, and, as it ap- 
peared, Susan and sic- were the only members of the class 
ready for their lesson. Susan had been more successful tl 

lie- rest of a-, and kindly helped my friend to omit ,• the 

difficulties of the lesson. 

I' oid bj I took to patronizing her. Sic i- reallj a very 
nice body, and ought to join us ■<■ 1 • play-." we said. 

So we used to gather round her desk during bc! I I -s. 

and make her ono of us" in the plaj ground. In fact, I be- 
gan to have a sorl of [iking for her. There wn nothing in 

Susan which called out our respect, 

One Saturday afternoon, as I was lookiti f the win 

dow. wishing lor - 'thing to do. mj mother asked me to join 

her in a little walk. Dressed i j new cloak, warm \'"t^. I 

hat I was soon ready. M.\ mother turned into a narrow street. 

"Where, uiothi i I a ked 'arc you • oing in this \ til 
pari of the town?" 

" \"i . ■ i ! : .ip . uij dear," -lie said ' \ vorj respectable and 

indu i riou part of ■ population li\ e here. 

Sut fu diionablc, certain!} .1 added. 



"And not vulgar because not fashionable, by any means." 
said she. She stopped before a humble-looking house and en- 
tered the front door. Then, gently opening a side door, she 
paused a moment on the threshold. "Come in." said a voice 
from within. 

''Pray do not rise,'' said my mother, going toward an afflict- 
ed, lady-like woman who sat in an arm chair. "You look bet- 
ter than when I saw you before." I was introduced, and I 
fancied the invalid looked at me with a sort of admiring sur- 
prise, as she took my hand and hoped I should prove worthy 
of such a mother. Then, while mother and she were talking. 
I sat down and took notes with my eyes of everything in the 
room. It looked beautifully neat, and the furniture had evi- 
dently seen better days. By-and-by mother asked for her 
daughter. "She has gone out on some errands," was the an- 
swer. ''The dear child is a great blessing tome." and tears 
filled her eyes. 

"A mother might well be thankful for such a child." I 
thought I should be very glad to see the person of whom my 
mother spoke so highly. 

"She will return soon. She has gone to carry some work 
which she has contrived to do in her leisure moments. The 
self-sacrifice of the child is wonderful. A little while ago, an 
early friend who had found me out and had been kind to me, as 
you have," (tears came into the speaker's eyes.) "sent her a 
handsome winter dress. 'Oh, mother, 1 she said, 'this is too 
costly for me. when you want some warm flannel so badly. 

" 'See, mother,' she said. T shall enjoy this calico a hundred 
times more than the finest dress in the world, while you can 
have your flannel.' Excuse me for telling it; but you know 
a mother's heart. There is her step: she is coming." 

The outer door opened. How I longed to see the comer. 

'Tarn sure.I shall admire and lovelier, ' I said to myself. 

The latch was lifted. A young girl entered: and my school- 
fellow, Susan, stood before me! I could have sunk to the ground 
for very shame. How wicked my pride! how false ami foolish 
my judgments! Oh. how mean did my fine winter dress ap- 
pear before the plain sixpenny calico. 

I was almost sure my mother had managed all this; for she 
had a way of making me see my faults and making me desire 
to cure them without ever saying much directly herself. This, 
however, had not come about by her design; God bad I a light me 

by his providence. 

As we walked home, inj mother gave me an account of Mrs, 

(! . who had been her early friend. She had lost her prop- 
erty and her husband, and had fallen into great distress. But that 

story is no matter here. 1 will only add thai my judgment of 

people was fornn'd ever after according to a truer standard than 
the dress thej wore, and i hat Susan a ml 1 became intimate friends. 



Which Will 3Toi Do?— Which will you do smile and 

make Others happy, or be crabbedand make everybody around 
you miserable? Vou can live, as it were, among beautiful 
flowers, and singing birds, or in the mire, surround -d by D0g3 
aid frogs. The amount of happiness you can produce is incal- 
culable, if you show a smiling face and a kind hearl and speak 

pic i- ant word-. Oo the other hand, by sour looks cross words, 

and a fretful disposition, you cm make a number of persons 

wretched beyond endurance. Which will you do? Wear a 

plea-ant countenance, let joy beam in your eyes and Live slow 
in your face? There are fi H joy- -.. great a- that which springs 

from a kind act or a pleasant d ic 1. and you may feel n at night 

when yon rest, at morning when you rise, and through tic day 

when about \ our dailv business. IJL 



GsX 





V 



66 



J" TT "VIE IN" I LIE USTSTETJCTOR 




jfjbhti jjuucml^ |(nsirttdoi|» 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1879. 



.EZDITOZRJ^Xj THOUGHTS. 





OLEFUL accounts of the condition of 
affairs in the old countries are continually 
coming to us in the telegrams and through 
the newspapers. It is well for our young 
readers to pay some attention to events 
that are transpiring in other parts of the 
world for several reasons. In the first place, 
the contrast between the suffering that 
exists in many other places and the peace 
and plenty that we here enjoy is so great that 
an occasional comparison is apt to lead young 
\ people to better appreciate their present comforts 
\T than they otherwise would. Again, we have been 
taught by modern revelation that great events 
are soon to transpire among the nations of the earth; 
that scourges of various kinds are to be poured out 
upon the wicked who reject the gospel and indulge 
in sin. A perusal of the current history of the 
various nations will show plainly to our readers that the judg- 
ments predicted are close at hand, and, indeed, have already 
commenced. 

A desolating plague is now prevailing in Russia, which is 
slaying its victims by the thousands. Strong efforts have been 
made by the government to suppress it. but without avail. The 
strictest quarantine regulations are enforced. The inhabitants 
of the affected district are required, on pain of death, to re- 
main there, in the hope of confining the disease to that par- 
ticular locality. Guards of soldiers surround it. with orders 
to shoot down any of the panic-stticken or desperate people who 
may attempt to escape. Rut even this is not sufficient to stay 
the progress of the epidemic. It is said to be spreading to 
other parts, and great alarm is felt throughout Russia and all the 
surrounding nations. The medical skill of the world has been 
appealed to, but. so far, no remedy for this dreadful disease has 
been found. Whole towns have been almost depopulated by 
it, and it is said that in many cases the dead are left to rot on 
the streets or in their homes, wherever they happen to die, for 
want of some one to bury them. We can imagine what the 
result of this may be. The stench from these putrefying bod- 
ies, it is natural to suppose, will produce new forms of disease 
or add to the malignancy of that already prevaling. The dis- 
ease has spread during the cold weather of winter; what will 
be the result when warm weather comes? This is the question 
of the hour in Europe, and direful forebodings are indulged in. 
In addition to this plague that Russia has to contend with, 
the nation is ruined, financially, by the expense of the late war; 
and she is not alone in that respect. Other nations of Europe 
are bankrupt. Statesmen find themselves unable to cope with 
the new difficulties that are constatly arising. In many parts 
there is a desperate conflict between labor and capital. Every- 
where, almost, secret organizations of desperate men exist, 
making the wealthy and powerful classes feel that their lives 
and property are in danger. Again, in many eases financial 
ruin has resulted from changes in the channels of trade. 



Thousands are thrown out of employment, and gaunt starvation 
stares them in the face. Famine is also raging in other parts, 
especially in Brazil, and bringing death to thousands. 

These and other evils that exist in the world are not pleasant 
to contemplate, but they serve to show that the predictions of 
the prophets are being fulfilled. We advise our young readers 
to keep note of these passing events. A knowledge of them 
will at least cause them to feel their dependence upon the 
Almighty, and the necessity of observing His laws, and it is only 
by doing so that we may expect to escape the scourges that 
are to be visited upon the wicked. How easy it would be for 
the Lord to reduce the Saints to a condition of want! With- 
holding the rains during the coming season would do it. 
Sending grasshoppers to devour our crops would do it. We 
have no assurance of immunity from these evils, without Gur 
works entitle us to the favor of the Lord. Let us live so that 
we mav deserve it. 



OX the evening of the 13th inst. a very pleasant little social 
entertainment was given by the Primary Mutual Improve- 
ment Association of the 11th. Ward, of this city. The exer- 
cises consisted of songs, recitations, dialogues, organ solos, 
a drama, etc., the performers being all children. All acquitted 
themselves in good style, and gave evidence of careful training. 

Sister Louie Pelt, who is the President of the association, is 
laboring devotedly to train the children in all that is good, 
noble and exalting. And that the little ones have partaken of 
her zeal and appreciate her efforts, was evinced by the proceed- 
ings that evening. At the conclusion of the exercises a very 
pretty hair-flower ornament, enclosed in a glass case, was pre- 
sented to Sister Felt and each of her two counselors, as me- 
mentos of the love of the children of the association, from 
whose hair the ornaments had been made. The gifts were 
accompanied by a touching address in verse, expressive of the 
sentiments of the donors. 

We see no reason why such associations should not be estab- 
lished in every Ward. They would certainly be productive of 
much good. 

We feel sure that many of the very small children! of the 
11th Ward are receiving impressions now in that association, 
that will remain with them, and influence their actions for good, 
as long as they live. 

While alluding to the 11th Ward, we may just say that we 
have received a copy of the Phoenix, a manuscript paper pub- 
lished by the Y. M. M. I. A. there, which is filled with instruc- 
tive articles, mostly original, which we consider verv creditable. 



Character Grows. — From the moment a babe begins to 
notice surrounding objects, his character is under process of 
formation. Day by day, through infancy and childhood, here 
a little and there a little, character grows with the growth and 
strengthens with the strength, until, good or bad, it becomes 
almost a coat of mail. Look at a model man of business — 
prompt, reliable, conscientious, cool and cautious, yet clear- 
headed and energetic. When do you suppose he developed 
all these admirable qualities? When he was a boy. Let us 
see the way in which a boy of ten years gets up in the morn- 
ing, works, plays, studies, and we will tell you just what kind 
of a man he will make. The boy who is late at the breakfast 
table, late at school, who never does anything at the right 
time, stands a poor chance to be a prompt man. The boy who 
half washes his face, half does his tasks, forgets half his 
errands, learns half his lessons will never make a thorough 
man. 





J-TT^nEDN-ILIE] INSTRUCTOR. 




THE BUTCHER-BIRD. 



THERE are more than thirty species of this bird described, 
in America, Europe, Asia and Africa (he is not found in 
Smith America nor in Australia), of which the great American 
Shrike (L. septentrionalis, Gmd.). or Butcher Bird, is a cele- 
brated one. 

The length 
of this bird is 
ten and a 
quarter inches, 
the extent of 
wings fourteen. 

The most re- 
markable part 
of the great 
Shrike is the 
bill; it is black, 
and about an 
inch long; it is 
moved by very 
thick and 
strong muscles, 
and is an instru- 
ment peculiarly 
necessary to a 

species whose 

mode of killing, 
and alsu of de- 
vouring its prey 
is so extraordi- 
nary. It preys 
chiefly on 
beetles, dragon- 
flies, and other 
large insects. 

In addition, 
however, t" in- 
sects, the great 
Shrike preys on 
small birds, 
field mice. 
frogs, and even 
due, in. i hesi- 
tate, when 
h ii n ■! i y . l 'i 
attack larger 
prey. The hair 
'frequently falls 
a victim to his 
rapacity (see 
i hi and also 



I 1m' -I'linel _ -Vi-l ^ <^\\ - - 

weasel and li/. " -- ' "-^D \. v -^- - 

ard. There are 

tew instances 

in nature of 

such deliberate i rueltj as is shown bj the Shrikes, or Butcher 

Birds. Animal- 'it' prej kill other creatures for Pood, and when 

sated seem to lose their fierceness, letting their usual victims 

pass unharmed. Ifm the Butcher IJinl seems to delight in 

I.I I. 

"With cruel eye premeditate* the war, 
And murks lii- destined victim from nfo 



It attacks its prey with great ferocity; destroying insects by 
blows ou the head, and birds and animals by piercing the brain, 
in- by crushing in the skull with its strong bill, grasping them 
at the same time with its toes, which, though slender, are 
armed with sharp claws, and capable of being strongly com- 
pressed, enabling them to eling with tenacity to their prey. 

This bird has 
the singular 
propensity o f 
impaling in- 
sects and small 
birds on points 
of twigs or 
thorns, prob- 
ably for con- 
venience in de- 
vouring them, 
though in many 
instances this 
habit seems to 
be want ii n 
cruelty, as the 
bird lea v e s 
them to decay. 
The Rev. 
Mr. Peabody 
remarks: "This 

r a e t i c e f 
ithering what 
does not 
want, ami keep- 
ing it until it is 
of no use to him 
is regarded as 
an unaccount- 
able mystery In 
a bird, while in 
man the same 

proceeding is 
considered na- 

t u ra 1 a nd 
wise.'' Si uiie 
naturalists sup- 
pose they are 
placed (here as 
a decoy for 
ni her birds, 
Wilson, how- 
ever, calls this 
a very pivtn 

fanciful theory . 

^fi$~ - ; and maintains 
dial the Shrike 

can seize small 

ii ills by mere 

circc of tliL'lit. 

have seen 

hi m." he says, "in an open field, dart after one of our small spar 

rows with the rapidity of an arrow, and kill ii al si instantly." 

The Shrike is bo bold that ii often enters apartments where 

pel birds are kepi, ami attempts lii seize them from the cages. 

Beveral have been caught in this manner. 

In Spring and Summer il imitates the notes of other birds 
In distress, ami w lien they ll>>ek around in see what is I lie matter 




O 



Vr 






68 



JTJTE1TILE IITSTBUCTOB. 




it pounces into their midst, and rarely fails to secure one. 
Excepting this, its natural note is the same throughout the 
seasons, but none of its notes approach to anything like a song. 

When the Shrike is alarmed he screams loudly, like the hawk. 
In fact, many of his habits remind us of the latter, and his 
beak has something about it that is very hawk-like. It is 
strong, and has a hooked point to it, and he uses it to tear 
and devour. 

Indeed, in the old days of falconry, the Shrike was looked 
upon as a mongrel kind of hawk, and, to quote from an old 
book, "thought of no great regard.'' 

In tlic same old book it is said that "the peasants and lower 
classes of England sometimes tame the Shrike, and carry him 
hooded on their wrists, and let him fly at small birds." 

On the continent, however, the Shrike was used in catching 
the peregrine falcon or hawk himself. A snare was set for him 
and baited with a pigeon. Then at a little distance a tame 
Shrike was placed, fastened by a string. The Shrike wasto act 
as sentinel, and to give warning when the falcon came near. 
Meanwhile, the falconer took his ease in a hut close by, and 
waited the result. Presently a speck appeared in the sky. and 
the Shrike set up a loud scream and then ran under a little 
shelter provided for him. The scream served as a note of 
warning to the falconer, ami he was then on the alert and ready 
to pidl the String of the snare. 

But, in spite of all this, the Shrike has a link with the 
perching birds, and is placed with the nightingale and thrush. 
His claw.- are fine ami sharp, and his foot is that of a perching 
bird. Indeed, he seems to be a link between the hawks, the 
crows, and the thrushes, and to partake a little of the character 
of each. 

He delights in hedgerows and clumps of trees, or thicket 8 
that arc not very dense. His habit (when not in pursuit of 
prey on the wing I is to sit perched on a twig, or on a decaying 
branch, and he will remain so Ion- that the name "exculitor," 
or sentinel, has been given to him on this account, as well as 
on account of the help he used to render the falconer. When 
a small bird or insect comes near, he will pounce upon it, and 
then hang it up on a thorn or twig. The Shrike builds a large 
and compact nest in the upright fork of a small tree, composed 
outwardly of dry grass and moss, and warmly lined with feathers. 

\\ lien the eggs, five or six i mber, generally, are laid, the 

male bird i- usually engaged in procuring food while the mother 

bird attends to her d istic affairs. He impales beetles, 

grasshoppers, other insects, and small birds on the thorns near 
the nest, probablj to save the mother bird the trouble of going 
to look for her own meals. These are -tuck about the bush in 
such numbers, and in so open a fashion, that they form a ready 
guide to the position of the Shrike's nest. Moreover, the 
parent birds are so solicitious about their home, that as soon 

as the;, gee a human being appr :hing their nest, they set up 

such a shrieking ami fluttering that they intimate the position 
of their nest to the lea ( experience I observer. 



There are 'wo wai of petting through this world. One 
way is to make the best ol : f . and the (tier is to make the 
worst of it. Those who take the latter course work hard for 
pay. 



Si i ■ ESS in any calling is the result of a man's love of and 
belief in the work he has undertaken. Earnest and con- 
scientious labor often accomplishes more in the end than 
brilliant genius. 



PEARLS 



WE all know how Julius Caesar, when he was in love with 
the mother of Marcus Brutus, gave her a pearl worth 
nearly a quarter of a million of our money; and how Mark 
Antony drank one, dissolved in vinegar, which cost nearly $400, 
000; while Claudius, the glutton, swallowed one worth $40,000. 
The example of Cleopatra found an imitator even in sober Eng- 
land. Sir Thomas Gresham, not otherwise famous for acts of 
folly, still so mistook the meaning of loyalty that he ground a 
pearl, which had cost him £15,000, into a cup of wine, in order 
thus fitly to drink the health of his great queen! This pla- 
giarist again had many rivals in the mad courtiers of Louis IV., 
who, in their insane extravagance, were wont to pulverize their 
diamonds, and occasionally used the powder to dry the ink of 
letters which they sent to their beloved ones. Is diamond-powder 
in the hair much worse? 

The largest pearl on record is probably one bought by that 
most romantic of all travelers and dealers in precious gems, 
Tavernier, at Catifa, in Arabia, where a pearl fishery existed 
already in the days of Pliny. It is said — for the pearl is un- 
known to our day — to have been pear-shaped, perfect in all 
respects, and nearly three inches long. He obtained from the 
Shah of Persia the enormous sum of £111,000, for the gem. 

Mr. Hope's pearl, which is looked upon as the finest now 
kuown, is two inches long and four inches round. It weighs 
1,300 grains, ani, like all such rarities, is of such enormous 
and uncertain value, that no one would buy it at a market price. 
The most beautiful collection of pearls belongs, however, to the 
Powager Empress of Russia. Her husband was extremely 
fond of her, and as he shared, with other fancies, also that for 
fine pearls with her, be sought for them all over the world. They 
had to fulfil two conditions rarely to be met with: they must be 
perfrct spheres, and also virgin pearls; for be would buy none 
that had been worn by others. After twenty-five years search, 
he at last succeeded in presenting his Empress with a necklace 
such as the world had never seen before. 

As this admiration for fine pearls has been the common weak- 
ness of man in all ages and in all countries, we need not wonder 
at their playing a promiment part in religious' writings. The 
Talmud has a pretty story, teaching us that those who believed 
in it, esteemed but one object in nature of higher value than 
pearls. When Abraham approached Egypt, the book tells us, 
he locked Sara in a chest that none might behold her danger- 
ous beauty. But when he was come to the place of paying 
custom, the officer said, "Pay custom." And he said, "I will 
pay the custom." They said to him, "Thou earliest clothes." 
And he said, "I will pay for clothes." Then they said to him, 
"Thou earnest gold." And he answered them, "I will pay 
for gold." On this they further said, "Surely, thou bearest 
the fine silk." He replied, "I will pay custom for the finest 
silk." Then they said, "Surely, it must be pearls that thou 
takest with thee." And he only answered. "I will pay for 
pearls." Seeing that they could name nothing of value for 
which the patriarch was not willing to pay custom, they said, 
"It cannot be, but thou open the box and let us see what is 
within." So they opened the box, and (he whole land of 
Egypt was illumined by the lustre of Sara's beauty— far ex- 
ceeding even that of pearl-. 

Hence pearls are repeatedly used in Holy Writ also for the 
most solemn comparisons, and to denote the highest degree 
of perfection. In the Old Testament, wisdom is praised as 
above pearls, and in the New Testament the kingdom of 
heaven is compared to a pearl of great price, which, when a 



S, 





i 



JUYBISriLE Il^STBUCTOR. 



69 




merchant had found it, he went and sold all that he had, an! 
bought it. Even the New Jerusalem was revealed to St. 
John under the figure of an edifice with twelve doors, each 
of which was a single pearl. 

And this precious gem, fit to adorn an emperor's crown, 
and to heighten the beauty of the fairest of maidens — this 
pearl of great price, perfect in form and beauteous in lustre — 
this jewel of the deep, sought for at the peril of human life, 
and paid for with the bread of ten thousands: — it sickens and 
dies and vanishes in a day. Eveiy now and then we hear of 
a ro'jle family which prided itself on the possession of mag- 
nificent ancestral pearls, panic-stricken by finding some of 
their precious geai* turning of a siek'y color and crumbling 
into dust. It is but a few years since the crown jeweller of 
France solemnly applied to the Academy of Sciences for a 
remedy against this disease, caused probably by the decom- 
position of the membranes which form part of the pearl, which 
are, after all, liable to decay and corruption, like all animal 
matter, by contact with air. There was no answer given, but. 
the advice to preserve the precious gems as much as possible, 
from the influence of light and air; and the Crown of France 
has since lost some of its must highly-prized jewels. 'Behold, 
all is vanity and vexation of spirit." — Stinted. 



J< ITTIXG8 FROM THE SOUTH. 



iiv a Yoryr; missionary. 



Written from Spring Place, Ga., Feb. 21s£, LST9. 

AS young missionaries, we leave our mountain homes, glad 
of the chance of seeing the world and exchanging ideas 
with her people, Rushing across the mighty plains, stopping 
only now and then at a station, we soon reach the great Mis- 
-iouri. at Omaha. Of course we must see Omaha and compare 
it with Salt Lake: so we start out walking up one street and 
down another until we are tired. We then unanimously con- 
clude — that Omaha, built on bills and in hollows, with no 
particular regularity to her streets, with no shade trees and 
clear streams of water along the side-walks, is not as beautiful 
as the "City of the Saints." 

At St Louis, our eyes protrude with wonderment, having 
scarcely ever given it a thought that it was possible to get into 
a city where there are more folks than there are in Salt Lake 
during Conference. And when we are located in the sixth story 

of a hotel we are very careful to take a firm bold on the win 
dow sill when we look away down, and see (be liny men and 

women passing by. 

One night as we looked from the window we saw in the dis- 
tance :i higVi steeple, with large round lights in it (like the City 
Hall clock I were desirous of knowing the nai f the build- 
ing. Nexl morning, early, we went out on the street, and jumped 
,,,, : , passing street car, The fog hung over the citj disagreeably 
thick, but ad we rode along we espied the steeple, as we thought, 
and tli'- light -till burning. Calling the driver we asked, 

"What building is that where you fee thai r I light? ' 

What round light? "Win thatone; that in that tall steepli 
"01, ]i,rdy! that's the sun!" So the car went rattling along, and 
we mentally wished that there was no such thini < fb| 

We have -t I on the white bridge which -| an- the Jordan 

id have exclaimed, w lerful! bow wonderfull What 

Si .■ iImi boat; it it lai ■■ e h to bold four 



river, 

a big rivei 



1 ,,,.,, * lint in, I ,,n the great iron bridge which i 

nects Illinois with Mi— L and -•;■ (he i stern of steam 



^ o 



boats, with their huge smoke-stacks passing under the bridge, 
and with room to spare, we exclaim, "Gracious me! isn't that! 
isn't it!" 

Passing through the States of Kentucky and Tennessee, we 
marvel at the fine growth of timber which everywhere covers 
the laud, except where "clearings" have been made for farms. 
As we ride along we naturally look for mountains, but we are 
not gratified. True, the face of the earth is broken enough; 
some even say that it is rolled up, ready for a move. Coining 
into Georgia we see what the people call mountains, but they 
are only steep hills, from 500 to 700 feet high, and level on top. 

Mingling among the people, we find them given much to hos- 
pitality, gladly sharing with the stranger their food, and giving 
him their best bed to sleep in. 

The people of the South, when giving dates, either say 
''since," or "before the war" such a thing happened. 

"Since the war the land lias been getting poorer." ''Before 
the war our corn-crops averaged from thirty to sixty bushels per 
acre; now, onlyfronijfifteen to twenty." "At best we hardly ever 
get more than seven or eight bushels of wheat per acre; this 
year, only from two to five." "We can't afford to eat wheat 
bread only in the morning — some don't get it once a week.'' 

"Do you use coffee?" 

"Yes, we could'nt live without that, or tobacco either." 

''You can't afford it, can you?" 

"Well we'd die if we didn't use them, so we try and sell a 
little butter, which nowonly fetches eight cents per pound — 
times are so hard — andafew dozen eggs at eight cents per dozen. 
Dried apples are only worth two cents per pound, and dried 
peaches two-and-a-half cents, and we have'nt many at that, for 
worms destroyed nearly all of them." 

'"How are your schools?" 

"Just tolerable, only. Our common schools are only kept 
three months in the year, ami that during summer." 

"Do you have Sunday schools' 

"Yes, sometimes, but not as regularly as intowns — .ay time 
months in the year." 

As we pass by the school house we are led lo wish for those 
kind, benevolent gentlemen (?) who have gone to I 'tab to regen 
crate the poor children of those mean Mormons, to come here 
and give these children the same chance for learning that ours 
are getting. 

At a house the other night we were talking in regard to 
religion, when a young lady of eighteen said, "I once got relig- 
ion, but I don't know whether l\e gol it now or not." 

Asking how she got it. she replied, thai it was a | a big meet- 
ing. The minister was urging the people to come to the 

"mourner's bench.'' ami she went with some oi hers. Kneeling 

down, she began to call on the Lord. She fell a peculiar sensj 
tion. She went to the minister, ami told him her sins were 

forgiven. At a day appointed -he was baptized. 

We asked Iter 11' it was the usual mole to receive the Spirit 
then gel a forgiveness of sin-, and lastlj be baptized'.' 

She replied t hai ' 'it was. 

Taking down the Testament alid turning to Acts ii.,3S, we read 
a- follows "Then Peter said unto them, Repent, ami be bap- 
tized everj one of you in the nan f Jesus Christ for the 

remission of sins, and ye shall receive the Gift of the Holy 
Ghost;" clearlj showing that unless baptism is first complied 
with u remission of sins or the llolj Ghost will not be eiven. 

After ii staj in the minis! r\ of a year or so the yoi Khlersnra 

glad to teturn home, when it can be said of them, "\\ ell don. 

tie hi d and faithful servant;" and ii willbeajo^ indeed to 

mingle again with the Saints of the Lord mid to listen to i he 



G£. 





70 



CTT7"V"El5TII-iE IUSTRTJOTOB, 



words of instruction as they fall from the lips of those who, 
like Peter, have that, authority that whatsoever they ''bind ou 
earth shall be bound in heaven." 

May the blessings of the Lord be with the rising generation 
of Zion. May they gladly put on the armor of Christ, receiv- 
ing of that religion, which requires us to live pure and unde- 
nted, and to keep ourselves unspotted from the world. This 
religion and this alone will qualify us to stand when Jesus 
comes, or to come forth in the morning of the first reserection 
to meet Him. 



.A. DIALOGUE, 
Between a Genfile Gentleman and a "Mormon" Youth. 




Gentile Gentleman. — "Young man, are you a resident of 
this city?" 

"Mormon" Youth. — "Yes, sir." 

G. G. — "Have you resided here long?" 

M. Y. — "I was born here, sir." 

<;. •;. — "Then you must be pretty well acquainted with the peo- 
ple?" 

M. Y. — "< If course I am. I am one of them." 

(,. G.— "Well, are they not a very curious kind of people?" 

M. Y.— "Not that 1 know of. They are much like other peo- 
ple, so far as I know." 

<;. (J. — "They are considered a very strange people where I 
come from?" 

M. Y.— "Whj so 

G. G. — "Oh, because they believe such strange things." 

M. Y.— "What do they believe, sir?" 

<; G.— "Oh, now you puzzle me, for I hardly know what they 
do believe in; but a greatmany out-of-the-way things, so I have 
been told. But I do Dot think I could tell what those things are. 
I should rather like to know." 

M. Y. — "That is like a great many persons in their ideas of the 
] pie who live in thi< Territory." 

(,. G.— "Well, I believe it is. J have met with many persons 
who have represented the Mormons to be a strange and unpleasant 

1 pie; but I cannot r llect oi f those persons who could give 

a clear and intelligent idea of \\ hat the Mormons believe. I should 
like to meet with somebody who could." 

M. V— "I should not think it would be very difficult to find such 
o person. Many persons are very much prejudiced against the 
"Mormons," and, inconsequence, could hardly speak of them 
fairly if they tried to do so." 

(I. G. — "That is SO, and it rnu-t be the reason that I could never 
obtain satisfactory statements from many persons whom I have 
met, and have questioned on this subject." 

M. Y.— "If you wish to know anything trustworthy about the 
"Mormons," or what they believe, why do you not go to them for 
the information, instead of asking persons who are prejudiced 
against them, or who are ignorant of what they really believe, 
or, are at best, but poorly infon 1 upon those things?" 

G. G. — "Well, that is a sensible question. Are you a Mormon?" 

M. Y. — "I am. sir." 

(J. G. — "Perhaps you could tell me, then, what the Mormons 
believe." 

M. V. — "I might be able to tell you some of those things, so far 
as 1 understand them." 

<;. G.— "Well, do the Mormons believe in a God or a devil?" 

M. Y. — "What a question, sir!" Of course they do. They 

believe in both of those beings. But the last is one that I never 

eare to talk about." 

G. G. — "Well, be i rtainly not a pleasant subject for discus- 
sion." 

M. Y. — "Xo.-ir. and I have nothing to say about him, only to 
pray to escape all his temptations and snares.' 1 

<;, G.— "The Mormoms area praying people, then?" 

M. Y.— "Certainly they are." 



G. G. — "To whom do they pray?'' 
M. Y.— "To God, of course." 

G. G,— "Well, let us talk about Him a little." 

M. Y. — "Very well, sir." 

G. G. — "What do the Mormons believe about Him?" 
M. Y. — "A great many things. They believe that He is the 
God and Father of mankind, as the Bible says; and that He created 
the heavens and the earth, not out of nothing, but out of material 
or elements eternally existing, changeable in their appearance and 
organization, but everlasting and indestructible in their essential 
nature." 

G.G. — "Most Christians believe that God createdjthe earth'and 
its inhabitants out of nothing " 

M. Y. — "But the "Mormons'' do not believe any such unreason- 
able thing. Out of nothing comes nothing. That is evident to 
every rational mind." 

G. G. — "Well, it does seem reasonable." 

M Y. — "As God is the Father of men, the "Mormons" believe 
that He is similar to a man in appearance, only so much more 
glorious." 

G. G. — "But religious people generally do not believe 'that. 
They believe that God is a great, mysterious and incomprehen- 
sible Being, without body, parts, or passions." 

M Y. — "That is like believing in nothing at all." 

G. G-— "It is, almost" 

M Y. — "God is, in a great degree, incomprehensible to our 
mind in Hi; infinite perfection, because finite beings can not fully 
comprehend the infinite. But we can plainly 1 , see that children, 
in some degree, resemble their father in appearance; and that the 
father is something like the children, though much more perfect 
in his knowledge, experience and ability than they are, and, so 
far, incomprehensible to them." 

G. G.— "That is so " 

M. Y.— "The Bible says we are the sons of God, and when Ho 
appears we shall be like Him. Furthermore, when God revealed 
Him.-elf toman, so far as we have any record, He always did so in 
the form of a man " 

G. G .— "I believe that is so." 

M Y — "The Bible also says that when God created man He 
made him in His own image and ill eness." 

G. G. — "Yes, it does." 

M Y.— "The Bible further tells us that Jesus Christ, the son of 
God, was the brightness of His Father s glory, and the express 
image of His person." 

G G — "But Jesus did Dot appear in hi- glory." 

M- Y.- "Yes, he did, when lie was transfigured on the mount." 

G. G.— "So he did." 

M- Y — "For all those reasons I do not see how it is possible 
for a reasonable person not to believe that (Jod, our Father in the 
heavens, is in form and appearance something like us, though of 
course infinitely mere peifect and glorious." 

G. G— "Neither do I." 

M Y. — "What a comforting and elevating and glorious thought 
it is that we have a Futher in heaven, who is filled with every 
conceivable perfection, and that sometime we shall belike Him 
and shall see Him as He is in all the fullness of His glorious perfec- 
tions- This thought should he enough to purify, sanctify, exalt, 
and ennoble our wh ile lives, and make them far more beautiful 
and admirable and happy than they often are." 

G. G. — "Why you talk like a preacher, yet I like to hear you. 
However, 1 have no more time to spare now, so I will bid you 
good afternoon." 

M. Y. — "Good afternoon, sir." 




If Persons were as willing to be pleasant and as anxious 
to please in their own homes as they are in the company of 
their neighbors, they would have the happiest homes in the 
world. 



Temper is so good a thing that we should never lose it. 





CT TT "V IE 2sT I LIE? IUSTBTJOTOR 




SEA-DUST 



PEOPLE laughed at the man who said that the fish he had 
hooked "kicked up such a. dust in the water." Perhaps 
they will laugh at the heading to this article; but there will 
still be "sea-dust," nevertheless. 

We have heard of water-spouts, of showers of fish, of salt 
rain, and many other curiosities which present themselves in 
the atmosphere, but to assert that there is such a thing as sea- 
dust is to transcend all reasonable bounds. The evidence, how- 
ever, in favor of its existence is exceedingly powerful — in- 
disputable, intact— and this is the story told by eye-witnesses. 
They say that in certain parts of the world, notably about the 
Cape de Verde Islands, there are constantly met at sea, several 
hundreds of miles away from land, thick, yellowish-red fogs, 
not unlike London fogs in November. These fogs obscure the 
atmosphere, and are very injurious to navigation, but they 
have not the baleful odor of their London prototypes, nor do 
they affect the breathing in the same way. While sailing 
through them, it is found that the ship, sails, and rigging are 
covered with a fine, impalpable powder, which falls as dry rain, 
and covers the surface on which it falls sometimes to the depth 
of two inches. In color, it is of a brick-dust hue, sometimes 
of a light yellow, and it feels between the teeth like fine grit, 
such as might be blown into the mouth on a windy day in 
March. No place is free from its presence, its fineness giving 
it power to penetrate everywhere. The sea, whih the dust is 
falling, looks as though it had been peppered, and is discolored 
for some distance down. Sometimes the dust comes in a 
shower, and passes off again. The fogs are nothing but vast 
quantities of the dust suspended in the air. 

It is not only in the vicinity of the Cape de Verde that this 
wonderful dust is seen. In the Mediterranean, on the northern 
parts of Africa, in the middle of the Atlantic, it has been re- 
ported. It is invariably the same in kind and appearance, and 
examination under microscopes has proved the identity of the 
Cape de Verde sea dust with Mediterranean sea-dust. All this 
is very remarkable; dust falling in clouds, no land within some 
hundreds of miles, nothing visible which could possibly account 
fur the curious phenomenon. Sand-spouts there are in sandy 
deserts, and showers of sand taken originally from spots where- 
on the carrier wind has left its mark; but here there is no desert 
from which the sand can be rapt, and the wind, so far from be- 
ing boisterous, or disposed to play whirlwind pranks, is light 
and steady, blowing ships along at a calm five knots an hour. 

In connection with these facts, hear what Hum bold t says of 
the sight he saw in the dry river beds and sandy valleys of 
Central America:— "When beneath the vertical rays of the 
bright and cloudless sun of the tropics, the parched sward 
crumbles into dost, then the indurated soil cracks and bursts, 
as if rent asunder by some mighty earthquake; and if at such 
a time two opposite currents of air, by conflict moving in rapid 
gyrations, come in contact with the earth, a singular spectacle 
present- itself. Like funnel-shaped clouds, their apexes touch- 
ing the earth, the sands rise in vapory form through the 
rarefied air in the electrically charged centre of the whirling 
current, sweeping on like the rushing water-spouts which strike 
such terror into the heart* of the mariner. A dim and sallow 
light gleams from the lowering sky over the dreary plain. The 
horizon suddenly contracts, and the heait of the traveler sinks 
with dismay as the wide steppe seems to close upon him on all 
sides. The hot and dusty earth forms a cloudy veil which 
shroud* the heavens from view, and increases the stifling op- 
pression ol the atmosphere.' 

f 



It is believed by scientific men that these dust clouds of 
Central America are, in all probability, closely connected with 
the phenomenon of sea-dust. 

-^-« — ^- »» 

T E MPT ATI O N . 



BY R. A. 



BOTH young and old are subject to temptation, and all are 
tempted and tried by the adversary in some way or other. 
Even Jesus Christ was tempted forty days and forty nights in 
the wilderness, and during that time he fasted. Who was it 
that tempted the Savior? Those of our readers who have read 
the New Testament will answer by saying, Satan. 

After being tempted for so long a period, what did the 
Savior say to him? You will find it in the apostle's writings 
(Luke,iv. S. ): "And Jesus answered and said, get thee behind 
me Satan." 

This is what all of us should say when we are tempted to do 
wrone. 

We are tempted in many ways. Some are tempted to steal. 
Is it right? No. How do we know it is not right? Because 
the Lord says in the Eighth Commandment, "Thou shalt not 
steal." Others are tempted to tell lies, to cheat, and to do 
many other things which are wrong. 

Many of our boys are tempted to smoke. Is it right to 
smoke? Of course not. The Lord says in the Word of Wis- 
dom that "tobacco is not good for man, but is au herb for 
bruises and all sick cattle." And yet how many boys can be 
seen on our streets smoking. 

If temptation is once yeilded to it is more difficult to resist 
it the second time. "Resist the devil and he will flee from 
you. Draw nigh unto God and lie will draw nigh unto you." 
So says the apostle. 

If there are any of the readers of the Instructor who have 
allowed themselves to become addicted to evil habits I would 
say to them, try to overcome them. Strive to do right at all 
times, and your Heavenly Father will be well pleased with you, 
and will bless you with his richest blessings. 

I will conclude this article by quoting from the epistle of 
James, 1st chapter, 12th verse: 

"Blessed is the man that endureth temptation; for when he 
is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord his 
promised to them that love him." 



|)o it at Onck.— So long as we are in the world we shall 
have disagreeable things to do. That is an unfortunate fact 
which must be admitted by everybody. Strange that we can't 
live our little short life without being called upon to do things 
from which we shrink! Hut however great the pity, and how- 
ever strange it may be, every now and then a most disagree- 
able thing will challenge our actions, and we must either dodge 
it or do it. Now, friend, take this advice, if you have a disa- 
greeable thing to do. In the first place, don't do it by proxy; 
but do it yourself. Face the responsibility; face the possible 
disagreeableness of the experience: meet the necessity boldly; 

be as braVO fur yourself as you would have anyone else l,i'. 
Again: not only do it yourself, but do it promptly; don't put it 
off. In the delay you Will be beset mure and more with the 
temptation not to do i< at all. 



LlBEHAl.ro consists less in giving much than in giving 
wisely. 






-^ 



JUYEUILE HvTSTRUCTOB. 



<F\ 



B IE IR, !E ^ ID IT -A. T TUB GALL 

Words & Music by R. B. Band. 



$g^5= 



-m- • '~ w -m- p U -»- -»• 

We are a band of vol- unteers (Our names are on the roll), Ln - list- ed in the cause of truth, De- 

i* h > -m -m- P» l> > 
-— *, — .-»- — 5 — » — »— r -* — := » ^— r - P * 1 ^—i—+t — m — 1-<»- m~ * — * — i-^ m—m — ■ 

b — »__ js_- s ==£g=i=r H — ^ ^~n ^q^ ^?i= ^^qiq = ^-^-i^i ^^^ :::r ^^q^— — q 

g « « J— 1 — |- — n — « J— «r — • — « — »^>-'» «J> « »-^— 5 — » «> — S — 3— S_ — « 1 



termincd, heart and soul 



To 

_> 



__ gf — li "Sz — «S — ,-m- — n 1 1 — ^ ^~ — ' !* — i - ^ 



forward .press in righteousness, What-ev- cr may he - fall, And, 

- «■ -•- 

m — ,- - a — <m * — m — i-gi^t — ■ 




H- fcr— b. 




i^liriilisIBiS 



CHORUS. 

:qs^=^*===£*=d"=u==.S=.E 

m — u — m — ^—m — «• — ■ — ' » 



-V— *■—"— *—» 



^ v — v w w « ar -^ v 

leader's kind command, Be read-y at the call. Be read-y at the call, be 

JE± * . m . J v vw > .„ •> 

-»- — i 1 * —t \— n iV n iS— m — ^-iS — m- 



-m- -m- ••»- -»- -m- -&■ -g- 

_ L - — r v f ir-.-^-— -g— y— -l=- 

gj^E S=g»= &■=*= pg:=S=.a. 



—J*: 



:k— »- 



:*_: 



— b»- 



^=^: 



rt= 



*- 






lead - v at the call; Don't stop to doubt or 

."!N . . IS 



„_.*_ — g- _>_tr_ 

— (BZ 



j^r-, «, — -w 1^ — m 1— »r — i — 









:p- 

hes 

■*■ 
-&- 



-fr— *~ 



■ l - 

-ff: 



tate; 
:ff: 



-»< — i*— 



be 

I 



be ready 



Be 



3 
at the cal 

I s "i 1 is 

'-?=£=£ 

Te 



Oh.yes 






=j: 



Though "ftr-n tempted by the way, 

Or led to doubt anl fear, 
We will assist each other on 

With words of love and cheer. 
United in this r:iu->- we -land, 

Divided we would fall; 
Oh let us watcb our leader, and 

Be ready at the call. 



Then forward march! our leader points, 

We act at his command; 
The Gospel banner we'll unfurl, 

And carry through the land. 
C'ime, sinners, come and join with us, 

There's work for one and all, 
Come, rally round the standard, and 

Be ready at the call. 



Ezsrio-nvc^.. 



. . M. GREENE. 




It' my name you rightly spell, 
You will lind I plainly tell 

\V!;:r ! 

And each good boy may hope to be. 

1 an compose I of letters -ix: 

The first half you correctly fix, 

And find anarticle, thereby, 

Much used in m iking cake and pie. 

The other three a pTonoun spell, 

Used by all speakers who speak well, 

(Though I have heard, an 10, might, 

Some folks add n, bl< h i- nut right . 

You'll hope, when you my whole have found, 

G-reatblessings may i ie abound; 

But do not think to gut rlh — 

Of life I'm main-spring li on earth. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. lis MacMahon. 
We huve received no correct solutions. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. - 



^20H0E Q. CANNON. 



E . *TOB. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Singh Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^-Office, South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocks West 
of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




