

NO. 6. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1866. 



VOL 1. 



^aetrij. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 
GOOD NIGHT AND GOOD MORNING. 



A CHILD'S SONG. 

A fair little girl sat under a tree, 
, Sewing as long as her eyes could see; 
Then smoothed her work arid folded it 

right, 
And said, "Dear work, good night, good 

night!" 

Such a number of rooks came over her head, 
Crying "Caw! Caw!", on their way to bed. 
She said, as she watched their curious flight, 
"Little black things, good night, goodnight!" 

The horses neighed and the oxen lowed, 
The sheep's "Bleat! bleat!" came overthe road, 
All seeming to say, with a queer delight, 
"Good little girl, good night, good night!" 

She did not say to the sun "good night," 
Though she saw him there like a ball of light, 
For she knew he had God's time to keep 
All over the world, and never could sleep. 

The tall pink foxlove bowed his head, 
The violets courtesied and went to bed; 
And good little Lucy tied up her hair, 
And said on her knees, her favorite prayer, 

And while on her pillow she softly lay, 
She knew nothing more till again it was day, 
And all things said to the beautiful sun, 
"Good morning, good morning,|Jour work's 
begun." 



■■I <i'M»i i|i»i 



jBtagrapJHj. 



JOSEPH SMITH*, THE PROPHET. 
(continued.) 

After Martiu Harris' return from the city of New 
York lie went home and arranged his affairs, aud 
then came to live with JosepK in Pennsylvania. 
This was in the month of April, 1828. Joseph 
translated from the plates, and Martin' Harris 
wrote as he translated. Some time after he had 
began to write for Joseph, he commenced teasing 
Joseph to let him -have the writings to carry home 
to shew them. He teased so much that Joseph in- 
quired of the Lord whether he might take the 
writings home, and the Lord replied that he must 
not. But this did not satisfy Martin Harris. He 
pressed Joseph to ask again, and the second time 
he received the same answer. The third time 
Joseph asked for him, the Lord granted him the 
privilege of taking the writings on certain condi- 
tions. These conditions Martin Harris bound him- 
self in the most solemn manner to observe. Hut he 
did not observe them and broke his covenant, and 
lost the writings. The Lord was displeased with 
Joseph for wearying him as he had done about this 
matter, and he took the Urim and Thummim and 
afterwards the plates from him. 

This was a great lesson to Joseph, for it taught 
him that when the Lord once told him not to do 
anything, he ought not to continue to weary 
him for the privilege of doing it. This is a lesson 
which children should also learn. When they ask 
their parents for the privilege of doing something 
or going somewhere, and their parents say, no, they 



ought to be satisfied, and not continue to tease 
them to say yes. 

Joseph humbled himself before the Lord, and He 
gave him the plates and Urim and Thummim again. 

On the loth of April, 1829, Oliver Cowdery 
eame to Joseph's house. He had been keeping 
school in the neighborhood where Joseph's father 
resided, and had boarded with the family. The 
family had told him about Joseph^ having received 
the plates^ after hearing which, he started to Penn- 
sylvania to make inquiries of Joseph. Two days 
after his arrival, Joseph commenced the translation 
of the Book of Mormon, and Oliver Cowdery com- 
menced to write for him. From the time that Jo- 
seph commenced to translate he received a great 
many revelations concerning the work of the Lord 
which He had commenced and the fulness of the 
gospel which he was about to send forth to the na- 
tions of the earth. These gave him great light, 
and prepared hiiri for the position which he had to 
occupy. 

Having found baptism for the remission of sins 
mentioned in the Book of Mormon, Joseph and 
Oliver Cowdery felt led to inquire of the Lord re- 
specting this ordinance. For this purpose they 
went into the woods to pray. This was on the 15th 
day of May, 1829. While praying for this know- 
ledge, a messenger descended from heaven in a cloud 
of light. He told them that his name was John, 
the same that is called John the Baptist in the New 
Testament. By reading in Mathew 3d chapter, 13 — 
17 verses you will see that it was John who baptiz- 
ed JesUs; and, by turning to Mark 6th chapter, 16 
— 29 verses you can read about John being killed. 

John held the keys of the Aaronic Priesthood; 
and he told Joseph and Oliver that he'acted under 
the direction of the Apostles, Peter, James and 
John, who held the keys of the Priesthood of Mel- 
chisedeck. He laid his hands upon their heads and 
ordained them to the Aaronic priesthood. He told 
them that the Aaronic priesthood had the author- 
ity to baptize by immersion for the remission of sins; 
but not the power to lay on hands for the recep^ 
tion of the Holy Ghost; that power, he said, would 
be conferred upon them hereafter. He gave them 
directions about baptizing. The same day they 
went and were baptized, Joseph baptized Oliver 
first, and afterwards Oliver baptized him. When 
they had finished the baptism, Joseph laid his 
hands on Oliver's head and ordained him to the 
Aaronic priesthood, and Oliver then laid his hands 
on Joseph's head and ordained him to the same 
priesthood. This they had been commanded to do 
by the Messenger. As soon as they were baptized, 
the Holy Ghost fell upon them, and they prophe- 
sied a great many things which should shortly come 
to pass. 

These were the first baptisms, of which we have 
any account, that had been approved and sanction- 
ed by the Lord, for upwards of fourteen hundred 
years. All the churches that had been built up 
during those many hundred years had been organ- 
ized by man, without the direction of the Almighty. 
The wicked had killed God's servants who held the 
Holy Priesthood, and there was no man left upon 
the earth who could baptize er do anything else in 
the Lord's name, that He would acknowledge. Al- 
though Joseph had seen and conversed with heav- 



enly beings, he did not, therefore, have the right to 
baptize any person, or to administer any ordinance 
belonging to the kingdom of God. He had to wait 
until he was ordained, and had the priesthood con- 
ferred upon him, before the Lord would acknow- 
ledge his right to baptize. And there was no man 
on the earth who could ordain him to this power. 
Men, therefore, who had held the keys of priesthood 
when they were on the earth, but who had been 
killed, had to come from heaven and ordain Joseph. 
And even when he and Oliver were ordained to the 
Aaronic priesthood, they could not lay hands on 
people for the Holy Ghost to rest upon them; they 
could only baptize them for the remission of their 
sins. They had to wait until the Apostles, Peter, 
James and John, who were the last men who had 
held the keys of the Melchisedeck priesthood on 
the earth, should come to them and ordain them 
and give them the necessary power and authority. 

The Lord does not want any man to act for Him, 
unless He tells him to do so. They must not run 
until they are sent. By reading the Bible, the 
Book^Of Mormon and the Book of Doctrine and 
Covenants you will find that He has always been 
very particular about this. It is important, chil- 
dren, that you remember these things. 
(to de continued.) 



«tT-.j^ 



SAYING 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

HER LESSON. 




Here is a nice little lady who seems to be say- 
ing her lesson to her mother, probably before she 
goes to school. She is very neat, and pleasant 
looking, but she has evidently forgotten something, 
and her hands have wandered to her apron, the hem 
of which she is rolling up with her fingers while 
she is trying to remember her lesson. Her mother 
is very patiently waiting for her to recollect it, 
while her little brother and sister are sitting by 
mother's side, both intently looking at a book, seem- 
ingly much interested in it. 

The little girl, who is standing would make a 
good, pattern in neatness and cleanliness for many 
other little girls to copy after, although, she lias for- 
gotten part of her lesson. 

We hope our young readers, both boys and girls, 
will strive to learn their lessons correctly, and al- 
ways strive to fasten them so firmly on their minds 

that they will not forget them easily. 

— ^^<p>^ 

HOW TO TELL THE NUMBER OF DxYS IN ANY 

Month.— By counting the knuckles on the hand, 
with the spaces between them, as follows: Jan. 
(1st knuckle,) Feb. (1st space,) March (2d knuck- 
le,) April (2d space,) May (3d knuckle, &c, all 
the months with thirty-one days will fall on the 
knuckles, while those with thirty days, or less, will 
come in the spaces. 



22 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 



r*/yy ^j-v" sss-^rj 



[For the Juvenile Instrnctor. 

BAD WORDS. 



Do my young friends ever speak bad words? Do 
you' know what is meant by bad words? There 
would be no such thing as bad words, if all words 
had been at all times properly used. It is not that 
the words are bad of themselves; but some words 
which have been applied wickedly, or to express im- 
pure and vulgar thoughts, are called bad wards in 
consequence of the bad use which has been made 
of them. Good girls and boys will be careful and 
not speak such words as good people dislike to hear; 
while bad children, those who have not been taught 
better, and some who do not mind what has been 
taught them, are in the habit ol indulging in very 
uncouth and vulgar expressions, and naughty words. 

I once knew a little girl, her name was Matilda, 
and she had an excellent mother who taught her to 
be loving and kind, and how to be polite and amia- 
ble and treat everybody with respect; and she 
tried to do as her mother taught her. Matilda 
would not speak a bad word for the world, and if 
she heard the servants speak such words, as her 
mother told her were Vvrong, she would tell them 
how wicked it was, and beg them not to use them 
any more, until they felt ashamed of being reprov- 
ed by a little girl, and quit using bad language. 



s -- .-„-_'-_ 



rj~„-y^ -*j-s^r „-_-_-_-_ - 



'WW , /iAArw* 1 /V/JWV/j 



'-* aaa*va ~ ^~«/"*/\y\/ , »y»/'x/-^ % /" t /\/\^ w 'v-v'\,' 



A.^/\ J * W »- 



TRADING FOR FURS 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



One time Matilda came running to her mother in 
haste, and told her that one of her father's hired 
men had just been speaking a very ugly word, but 
she dare not tell what it was; but said that she 
would tell her mother what it was like: Her moth- 
er said to her, "Well, my dear, tell me what it is 
like." Matilda said, '-'it is like' a darning needle 
ohTy it has not got the ing nor the needle to it.'' 
Her*mother could not help laughing, but she felt 
proud that her little daughter was so good, and so 
watchful lest she might do wrong in even repeat- 
ing the improper words of others. If any of my 
little friends should ever feel tempted to swear or 
curse, or to use coarse and vulgar words, or to 
speak mean and low phrases in their conversation, 
I hope they will think of Matilda, and her danw?*?- 
needle, and forget all bad words, and never make 

use .of them. 

E. R. S. 

THE EXTENT OF OUR COUNTRY. 

It has been computed that the. United States 
have a frontier line of 10,150 miles; a sea coast 
of 5,430 miles; a lake-coast of 1,160 miles. One 
of its rivers is twice as long as the Danube, the 
largest river in Europe. The Ohio is 600 miles 
longer than the Ehine, and the noble Hudson has 
a navigation in the "Empire State" 120 miles 
longer than the Thames. 

Within Louisiana are bayous and creeks almost 
unknown, that would shame, by comparison, the 
Tiber or Seine. The State of Virginia, alone, is 
one-third larger than England. The State of Ohio 
contains 3,000 more square miles than Scotland. 

The harbor of New York receives the vessels 
that navigate the rivers, canals and lakes, to the 
extent of 3,000 miles, equal to the distance from 
America to Europe. From the capital of Maine to 
the "Crescent City," is 200 miles farther than from 
London to Constantinople; a route that would cross 
England, Belgium, a part of Prussia, Austria, and 
Turkey. — Selected. 




Liarn to Work. — Poor and helpless will that 
woman be, who does not learn, when a girl, to 
employ her hands in useful labor. She may have 
enough, but she will not know how to use it for 
the comfort of her family. 

She may be well educated, and able to con- 
verse interestingly. She may play well on the 
piano. And all this is well. But if she does not 
understand tcork, her common, every-day duties 
cannot be well done; and these are what, in all 
circumstances, contribute most to the comfort of v 
every-day life. — [Selected. 



Ox the 9th day of September, 1609, Hendrick 
Hudson, a Dutch captain, on board his stout little 
vessel the Half-Moon, entered the Bay of New 
York and sailed up Nerth river, which has ever 
since borne his name— the Hudson. He was the 
first European, of whom we have any account, who 
visited that part of the continent. "A very good 
land to fall in with, and a pleasant land to see," 
was his exclamation when he gazed upon the beau- 
tiful scene which presented itself before him. 

The Dutch Government was not slow to avail it- 
self of the benefits of this discovery. A charter 
was granted and the country taken possession of 
and received the name of New Netherlands. The 
town of New Amsterdam was also laid out. Ib 
1664 the English captured the country from the 
Dutch, and changed the name of the colony, aud 
also the name of the town, of New Amsterdam to 
New York. 

Soon after Hudson's discovery a company of 
Holland merchants fitted out ships and sent them 
over to trade with the Indians. This traffic became 
very extensive, and many traders became rich by 
the business, shipping the furs they obtained from 
the Indians to Europe. 

Our picture above is intended as a description 
of one of these scenes of colonial life. The wor- 
thy Dutch burghers in their old-fashioned dress 
are .watching with much interest the delivery of 
peltries, or skins, which the Indians are carrying 
up in bundles from a canoe at the water's edge. 
The central figure among the "white men — he 
with the striped hose — is evidently a man of im- 
portance. The Indians seem to look upon him "as 
such, and his white companions stand with becom- 
ing deferenee a little behind him. From the ex- 
pression of his face and his attitude we should 
judge that he himself is fully conscious of his 
own dignity. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor 

DO NOT SWEAR. 



Jackson was a great man, and he used to swear. 
Yes, but General Washington was a greater man, 
and he was not a swearer. 

You should never swear, because it is forbid- 
den by the Almighty, your Creator; because it is 
forbidden by the laws of the land; because it is 
not allowed in respectable society; because it is 
a foolish and worse than foolish waste of words, 
employed in a wicked manner; because it has 
never been, nor ever will be of any benefit to 
yourself or any one else, and is likely to bring 
upon you the -contempt of all sensible men; and 
because, as the old Arab proverb says, "curses 
are like chickens, and always come home to 
roost." 

G. 
EARLY TO BED. 

What were the little girls talking about? About 
going to bed. One said she went to bed at eight; 
another at half-past eight; another at nine. Mary 
Davis, a poor puny child, said she did not go to bed 
till ten, and she said it as if it was something to be 
quite proud of. Perhaps she thought it made a 
young lady of her, as some foolish little boys think 
smoking will make men of them. 

"Fanny," they asked, "what time do you go to 
bed?'' "I go at seven," answered Fanny. 

"Go to bed at seven!" they all cried, pointing, 
their fingers at her. '-'Before I'd go to bed at 
seven!" "Go to bed at seven!" cried. Mary Davis 
tossing back her head. 

Do you not suppose they hurt Fanny's feelings? 
Indeed they did. Fanny never knew before that 
going to bed at seven was anything to be ashamed 
of. She thought going to bed early was proper for 
little children. Her mother said so; and was not 
her mother right? I think so. 

"You must tell the little girls," said her mother, 
"that yeu want to catch all you can of God's beau- 
tiful sleep in the best time of it, and that is when 
he first draws the curtains of- the sky. The little 
birds know, and they go to bed early. ' They never 
ask to sit up.'' 

Going to bed early makes children healthy, i It 
It gives them bright eyes and 



makes them strong. 



"Well, I'll swear " 

Hold on! Stop and4hink a moment. Swearing 
in many instances, like some other foolish and evil 
habits, is the result of thoughtlessness. What do 
you gain by it? Nothing. You may say that it 
gives vent to your feelings. Such feelings as re- 
quire that kind of vent are like flames in a store- 
house; they should be smothered. But is it riot 
brave? No; a -brave man should be capable of 
controlling his feelings. Such an one "is a greater 
than he that taketh a city." Well, but General 



red cheeks. It makes them cheefful, and keeps 
the temper sweet. God gives to nobody such 
sweet, sound sleep as he gives to the children. 
How many grown-up people wish they could sleep 
as sweetly as a child. How many envy a child's 
sleep. How many would be glad to buy, or bor- 
row, or steal it; but they cannot. Nobody can 
have a child's sweet sleep but a child. Therefore 
how foolish it is for children to try to keep awake, 
or to want to sit up late. They are throwing away 
one of God's best gifts to childhood. 

Little feet, little bodies, little eyes are tired 
enough to go to bed early. Then little eyes wake 
bright and early; little feet jump up bright and 
early; and little bodies are happy as the early bird 
singing oa the plum-tree. — Child's Paper, 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 



23 




/Vw^-vw* 



Stttretrik Snalnrrtur. 



GEORGE Q, CANNON, '■. EDITOR. 



MARCH 15, 1866 



CULTIVATE GOOD HABITS 



L 



In childhood and youth bad habits are frequent- 
ly formed which cling to those who'*acquire them 
through their lives. How many young men are 
there, who are now slaves to the habits of chewing 
and smoking tobacco, who learned those practices 
when they were boys, probably herding on the 
range, or in the kanyons, or in some place where 
they could chew or smoke without their parents 
knowing anything about it? How many women 
are there who. drink tea and coffee, and feel that 
they "are lost" when they do not have one or the 
other to use at their meals, who acquired the habit 
when they were girls? Could they then, have seen 
all the consequences of learning these habits — how 
strong a hold they would have upon them, and how 
inconvenient they would be to them in after years, 
it is very probable that many, if not all, of them 
would never have acquired them. 

The little folks, who read the Instructor, we 
hope, have never tried to drink tea or coffee, or 
chew or smoke tobacco; and we trust they never 
will. You are young now, and you can commence 
■right. If you never learn to like the taste of tea 
and coffee and tobaceo, you will never want them, 
neither will your stomachs crave or your mouths 
' water after them, as those do who accustom them- 
selves to their use. 

Those who do not use these articles are more 
likely to have good health and long life than if they' 
were to use them. When we have been on trips in 
the mountains and on the plains, and the compa- 
nies have been short of tea, coffee and tobacco, we 
have pitied those who have been in the habit of 
using those things, they have been so miserable; 
they could not enjoy their food, and they would be 
cross, and disagreeable to themselves and every- 
body else. But those who never had used these 
things would be cheerful and contented and could 
satisfy themselves with cold water for their drink. 
Besides, those who did not have those habits could, 
in the most of instances, endure hardships better 
than those who were subject to them. 

"When people who are old, and who learned to 
use these things before they joined the Church, 
drink tea and coffee, and chew and smoke tobacco, 
we should feel sorry for them. They did not have 
the opportunities, that our little readers have ; of 
knowing how bad those habits would be, or of 
knowing the Lord's will concerning tobacco and 
hot drinks. But when we see young men and 
women, who have been brought up in the Church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, chewing and 
smoking tobacco, and drinking tea and coffee, we 
cannot help thinking how foolish they are to make 
themselves slaves to such nonsensical habits. 

Children, if you will look into the book of Doc- 
triue and Covenants, which contains many of God's 
words unto us who now live, you will find a revela- 
tion on page 240, English edition, which is called 
"a word of wisdom." In that revelation we are 
told, among other things, that "tobacco is not for 
the body, neither for the belly, and is not good for 
man, and is an herb for bruises and all sick cattle, 
to be used with judgment and skill;" and also that 
"hot drinks are not for the body or belly." Now, 
this is God's word, aud, of course, ought to be be- 
lieved by everybody, because He knows that which 
is good for us, and also that which will harm us, 
better than we do ourselves. 

Boys, when, you see other boys chewing and 



smoking tobacco, do not be led by them to do so 
yourselves even if they coax you to try. It is a 
disgusting, filthy habit, and your breath and clothes 
will be disagreeable to everyone who comes near 
you. Recollect, also, that "it is not good for 
man." 

Girls, when you are out visiting, or at any other 
place where girls may be drinking tea and coffee, 
you may be pressed to driuk with them, and they 
may tell you that it would be more sociable for you 
to do so; but do not mind what they say in favor 
of your doing so; be firm, and tell them that you 
do not wish to drink tea or coffee. Remember 
that "hot driuks are not for the body or belly." If 
you wish to have a clear, attractive complexion, ab- 
stain from driuking tea and coffee. And if you do 
not commence to use these drinks when young,* it 
will be easy foryou to refrain from them all through 
your lives. 

■ Mto— ■ ! 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

'M\m front Jkittre. 



THE EYE 



To understand somewhat the nature of the Al- 
mighty Being who created this world, let us look 
around us and examine the works of His hand, and 
we will find that He, like a careful master, not only 
contemplated the usefulness of His creations, 
but had, also, with the true spirit of a great artist, 
their beauty in view. Of all the beauties in nature 
the human body is the most refined, the most com- 
plete; of man, again, the face is the most expres- 
sive part; and of the face, the eye. In it the mas- 
terhand of God has wrought the gem of the physi- 
cal world. 

f 

The eye is the organ of seeing, which the Crea- 
tor has placed nearest to the brain to indicate the 
superior value of its office. Laying in two large 
cavities of the skull, aud being otherwise protested, 
God has tenderly cared for its preservation. Be- 
ing often called the windows of the soul, the eyes 
have even their shutters, iu the form of lids, which 
constantly wink with such rapidity that our sight 
is not interrupted by it, to keep the eyeballs moist. 
There are some muscles attached to the eyes in 
various places, by means of which they can be 
turned to the right and left, lifted up or cast 
down, with gi eat velocity and yet so gently that 
we do not feel it. They are so delicate, at the 
same time/ that the smallest grain of sand will 
cause them to feel pain, and fill them with water 
to wash it away. When we are tired the lids drop 
gradually and close of their own accord during 
sleep. 

The eyeball is a white shell, tilled with a color, 
less fluid, perfectly dark inside, which we perceive 
through the pupil. The pupil is that round black 
space in the centre of the eye, which is nothing but 
an opening in the eyeball to let in the rays of light 
which have to form a picture of the objects before the 
face, only reversed on the back, inside the eyeball. 
All these operations take place according to- cer- 
tain laws, which are called the laws of optics by 
philosophers. Suppose I have here ay artificial 
eye, large enough for you to put your head in. It 
is perfectly dark inside, but when I hold a candle 
before the opening, only with a glass covered pupil, 
you will see the picture of the candle on the back 
of the eye turned upside down; or you see the pic- 
ture of that tree before the house with its top 
pointing downward. How the brain conceives these 
reversed pictures of the real eye iu their right posi- 
tion is one of those mysteries, by which the Creator 
has marked the limits of tire human understanding. 

The eye often speaks with eloquence and fire 
when the lips are silent. The look of confidence, 
affection and love in innocent childhood is a sweeter 



/V*^*/WWV*«''^v^v "VWN/V 



song than any poet ever wrote. Sparkling eyes 
are often to the teacher a better testimony of the 
attention of his scholars than any assurance in 
words. Do not auger, wrath, scorn and other sim- 
ilar passions send forth their lightnings from the 
eye? Often when the handsome face, the polished 
manners and the refined language of the hypocrite 
have nearly gained their end, the eye betrays the 
snake lurking under flowers, and the wicked look 
reveals evil iatent in spite of himself; for only the 
good, the virtuous, the innocent and the wise can 
have a beautiful eye. 

Often when the heart is too full for utterance, 
the tearful eye lifted up to the throne of the Fath- 
er iu Heaven speaks a prayer that the trembling 
lips cannot pronounce, but which the recording an- 
gel puts down in the book of life, as one of the in- 
spired anthems sung to the praise of the great Je- 
hovah. 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

LITTLE GEOllGE IN A WOEK-HOUSE. 




After the lady had done talking with the aged 
gentleman in the dull looking room, he gave her a 
piece of white paper which he got from one of the 
fine gentlemen on the high stools. Little George 
thought this was very kind of the gentleman, and 
he turned to leave this office of business with the 
lady. 

When they came to the front door, little George 
bounded out into the light of day, and felt that he 
had just -escaped from a big cage, and his little 
heart fairly moved with joy that he did not have to 
sit with his face to the wall on a long-legged stool, 
to play with feathers all day long. He would rath- 
er play in the glorious snushine, and be free to go 
where he had a mind to, like the little birds that flv 
in the air, and like the little fishes that swim in the 
water. 

After they had got fairly into the street, little 
George clung fast to one of the iron railings and 
would not go with the lady any farther. She ask- 
ed him why. He replied, that he did not want to 
see any more shows like that on the other side of 
the green door; for he supposed that the lady was 
taking him through the city to see the sights, 
which he felt was very kind of her. 

She spoke kindly to him, telling him not to be 
afraid for .she would only take him to another fine 
house, where there were a great many little 
boys and girls to play with him, and where 
there were nice gardens, pretty walks, beautiful 
flowers, and pleuty of butterflies. These kind 
words won his confidence tit once, and this picture 
was just such as pleased this little untaught child 
of nature. He went along with a glad heart, and 
began to wish that he might never leave the kind 
lady's side again. 

They travelled on until they began to leave the 
big city, and were approaching a large building 
that stood upon a high piece of land, surrounded 
with lofty walls and fine gardens. The lady told 
him that they were going to call at that house, and 
then he could go to his play again. 

They walked for some time along a high, dismal 
looking brick wall until they came to a narrow door 
in this high wall. When they passed through this 
narrow door, they found themselves between high 



34 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 



walls on each side of a flight of big stone steps, 
which led up to a black, ugly-looking door, full of 
big nails, and with a grating in it. The lady 
knocked with a large iron knocker, when presently 
a rough looking man put his face to the iron grating 
and said, "What do you want?" The lady did not 
say anything to him, but gave him the piece of 
paper which she had received from the aged gen- 
tleman with the spectacles. 

Little George almost trembled with fear, and 
asked the lady in a whisper what they had put that 
poor man inside of that iron cage for, — "Is he a 
crazy man?'' Before the lady could answer the 
little fellow's question, heavy iron bolts were be- 
ing moved back, and the door opened slowly aud 
wide enough for the rough looking man to reach 
out his arm and take hold of little George, and pull 
him to the inside of the black door with the iron 
grating. The door closed and the big bolts moved 
again int® their places. 

Little George screamed with terror, crying aloud 
to the kind lady for help, but she hail hastened 
away beyond the reach of his cries. He was lock- 
ed up in an English workhouse. When the lady 
did not come to his aid, he offered the rough look- 
ing man the halfpenny which she had given him, 
and three marbles, to let him go. He now felt 
that he would give all the world for liberty. 

My readers, no doubt, feel very sorry for this 
little homeless boy, and very angry with the lady 
for giving him to the rough looking man, but we 
must leave him inside of that black door for the 
present. 

I will here tell you that the room, on the other 
side of the green door with the big brass nails, was 
a poor-house commission office. The gentlemen 
upon the three-legged stools were clerks, and the 
feathers that little George thought they were play- 
ing with were pens with which they were writing; 
and the paper which the gentleman with the spec- 
tacles gave to the lady, was an order to the Gover- 
nor of the workhouse to admit this homeless boy. 

Little George felt that all the world had forsa- 
ken him, aud that he had been enticed into a great 
trap with a halfpenny, and by that lady who had 
pretended to be so kind to him. He was mistaken 
when he blamed her, although it appeared other- 
wise to him. She was one of his best friends, and 
had just done him a great kindness, which we shall 
see to be true when again we follow the fortunes of 
little George. 

That which we are apt to look upon as the 
worst of calamities, is often one of the best and 
most fortunate circumstances of our lives. When 
papa chastens you and mamma scolds, it is not 
pleasant; but wheu correction is wisely given, and 
is properly received, it; will always do you good in- 
stead of harm. 

Uncle George, 
(to be continued ) 



- i," S"V*S"<*~t/'S* ■/ 






[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

A FARM-YARD SCENE. 







mu. 



Fabmington, April lltb, 1SG6. 
Brother Cannon:— As I am a reader of the Juvenile 
Instructor I take the liberty of forwarding a few lines to 
you. Your little paper is a welcome visitor indeed, and we 
look forward with pleasure for its arrival. I mean to keep 
them all clean, and make a large book of them. According 
to request I send the answer to the riddle in your fourth 
number. Yours Respectfully, 

Helen Brown. 
^ «B i > tf tu 

Sabbath at all Times. — By different nations 
everyday in the week is set apart for public wor- 
ship: Sunday by the Christians, Monday by the 
Greeks, Tuesday by the Persians, Wednesday by 
the Assyrians, Thursday by the Egyptians, Friday 
by the Turks, and Saturday by the Jews. 



This illustration represents a farm-yard scene. 
There is an air of calmness about it that sug- 
gests many pleasant thoughts. The lady sitting 
on the stool is about to milk the cow^ standing be- 
side her, but has paused to have a little conversation 
with her husband leaning over the wooden gate; and 
the child looking up at its father is perfectly at home 
among the cattle. See how quiet the cows are, 
and the oxen too, for the ox yoke would lead to 
the belief that the artist intends to represent some 
of the animals as oxen, which the large back of 
the one in the foreground on the right hand side 
would confirm. Oxen aud cows are ffenerallv 
very docile and quiet, when they are treated 
with kindness. We hope boys who read the In- 
structor, and who may have to work with oxen 
and cows, horses and mules, will not get angry 
with them, for they cannot understand so well as 
you can, but they soon learn to know those who 
are kind to them. Do not whip them savagely, 
nor beat and abuse them as some do; and never 
swear or get into a passion at them; but be pa- 
tient with them and you will be able to govern 
them far better than if you were to get angry. 

It is very pleasant to watch the cows coming- 
home in the evening, with their udders full of 
sweet rich milk, and to hear them lowing as 
they look around them waiting to be milked. The 
Lord has given us the cow to be of use to man: 
from her we get milk and butter; her flesh is good 
for food, but it should be eaten sparingly, except 
in times of famine or extreme cold. We should 
always be kind to cows; then they will be gentle 
and children can then go near them without having 
the least cause to be afraid, just as the child is in 
our illustration.. The animals represented there 
are well cared for, they have a nice clean yard, 
and you can see they have been well fed. When 
you grow up and have cows and oxen of your 
own to take care of, try and have them put up in 
a comfortable place, well fed aud taken care of; 
and try to take good care of your father's stock, 
that you may have to drive out and in or look after 
now. 



name was 



THE 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

STORY OF DANIEL. 



dren to read, and it is not easy for 
them to find the most interesting 
parts; but there is very much in the 
Bible that it would be well for them 
to know and understand when they 
are quite young, and many things 
that you all would take pleasure in 
knowing. 

*" No doubt all of you have both 
read and heard about the ancient pro- 
phets. I will tell you of one whose 
Daniel. He was a very wise and 
good man — he must have been a good boy, for good 
boys make good men, and good girls make good 
women. It was many hundred years ago when the 
prophet Dauiel lived; and if you would like to 
know where he lived; if those of you who have 
atlases will take the trouble to look on the map of 
the eastern hemisphere, on the continent of Asia, 
and in the land of Judea, you will find the City of 

Jerusalem. Jerusalem was the home of this 
prophet, and, at the time when Daniel lived, it was 
a great and a beautiful city. 

The people who lived in Judea were called Jews,- 
or Israelites, and they were the people of God, be- 
cause they worshipped God, and believed in 
prophets. God talked with the prophets, and told 
them what the people should do; and when they 
did as they were told, they were blessed and pros- 
pered in all things, and had power over their ene- 
mies; but when they did not do as the Lord com- 
manded them to do, He let their enemies make war 
with them, and take them prisoners, and rule over 
them. 

At the time of which I am telling you, the Jews 
had disobeyed the words of the prophets, and the 
Lord let Nebuchadnezzar, the kiDg of Babylon, 
come against Jerusalem with a great army. After 
lie had killed a great many of the Jews, he took 
the city of Jerusalem, and carried many of the 
people away from their own homes, to live with 
strangers in the city of Babylon, which was anoth- 
er great city, and in the land of Assyria. 

(TO" BE CONTINUED.) 



-:o: 



The copy containing the names of those who an- 
swered the riddle in No. 4 was handed to the com- 
positor, but was afterwards lost from some cause or 
other. We hope our little friends will not be dis- 
couraged because of this, but continue answering 
the riddles that may be printed. We will try and 
take care that their names are not lost again. The 
answer was correctly given by those who forwarded 
their names; it was Great Salt Lake City. 

CHARADE. 



Our wishes are but the idle blossoms of human 
life; they seldom bear fruit. 



Little children are very fond of hearing stories 
told. When I was a small child, I often teased my 
mother to tell stories, and nothing pleased me bet- 
ter than for her to tell me a story as a reward for 
doing my little tasks well; but I remember I always 
wanted to know that the stories that I listened to 
were true. ' 

There are plenty of true stories, and truth is 
much more interesting than falsehood, while truth 
is worth remembering and falsehood is not. 

I am glad that the Lord has put it into the 
haart of Brother Cannon to publish this little paper 
on purpose for children to read; that instead of 
asking their parents and friends to tell them stories, 
and many useful things, they may ask them for the 
Juvenile Instructor, and then they can read and 
understand for themselves. 

I am now going to tell you a story that is writ- 
ten in the Bible, and one that will be useful for you 
to remember. The Bible is a large book for chil- 



I am composed of 11 letters. 
My 4 5 6 10 is a native of a country in Europe. 
My 3 8 9 10 is to burst asunder. 
My 1 5 7 is usually made of clay. 
My 4 5 6 is a Bible name. 
My 11 2 5 6 is the color of a horse. 
My 127456 is a river mentioned in the Bible. 
My 11 8 9 10 3 springs in the mountains and al- 
ways goes downwards. 
My whole is a river in Utah. 




Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

On the First and Fifteenth of every Month. 

:o: 

GEOKGE Q. CANNON, Editor. 
:o: 

TERMS-ALWAYS IN ADVANCE, 

Single Copy, for Six Months $1 50 

Single Copy, per Annum 3 00 

Ten Copies, per Annum, furnished to Clubs 

and Agents 27 00 

Where grain and other articles are paid on subscriptions, 
they will be received at cash market rates where they are 
paid in. It is expected where Agents forward names they 
will be responsible for the papers thus ordered; and when 
cash payments are made they will please forward them 
with the letter containing the names of the subscribers. 

Elder Wm, H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General 
Agent for CacheJValley. 

Grain brought to this city for the Juvenile Instructor 
will be received, for the present, at the General Tithing 
Office; care should be taken to state on what account it is 
paid in. 

.Bishops and other influential men will oblige by aiding 
in increasing the subscription of the Juvenile Instructor. 

No pains will be spared to make this paper, both in 
matter and appearance, worthy of the patronage of every 
parent in the Territory. 



