
VOL. XVI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL, 15 



UDDINa aENIUS. 



THE gifts of riod to His creatures here upon the 
varied. Talent, or natural ability, is confined 
ticular class. Geni- ^ 

us is as likely to be 
found in the poor 
man's cot as in (he 
rich man's palace. 
Wature is impartial 
ill her endowments. 
True, some are gift- 
ed more liberally 
than others, but 
then nature's gifts 
are pretty equally 
distributed among 
the various classes 
of society. 

We do not all 
possess the same 
talents, but most 
of us have ability 
of some kind, and 
we should each 
know what our 
ability is and make 
the best possible 
use of it. 

The boy we see 
in the cut draw- 
ing pictures upon a 
barn door, is the 
.'■on of a poor man. 
We may know that 
by his shabby 
clothe.s. Hut he 
evidently has a 
talent for drawintr, 
which impels him 
to sketch Ills rude 
pictures upon al- 
most every .'•inooth 
.surface lie can find, 
lie al.vo d(lif;bls in 



earth are carrying a slate al out with him and practicing upon it. 0^ 
to no par- course, his pictures are not at all attractive yet, but if 

he perseveres and 
tries to improve 
his talent, it will 
probably in time 
bring him fame, 
honor and wealth, 
and enable him to 
bo really a source 
of benefit to the 
world. 

The wise man, 
Solomon, wrote, 
"A man's gift 
maketh room for 
him, and bringeth 
him before great 
men." Very true, 
provided the man 
makes good use of 
his gift ; but how 
frei|uently it hap- 
pens that men ne- 
glect their gifts or 
talents, or put them 
to a bad use ! How 
frequently do we 
find gil'ted men 
addicted to grovel- 
ing vices that 
completely obscure 
their talents! 

The talent of 
such a boy as that 
here pictured will 
make room for him 
if he applies him- 
self .steadfastly to 
the imiirovemciit 
or development of 
that talent, bo- 
cause it will enable 







M 



>'^ 86 



CTTJ'VEISriLE IZSrSTI^TJGTOK., 




him to reach the first rank in his profession, wher6 there is 
alwaj-s plenty of room. Some trades or professions seem to 
be overcrowded. But it is onlj' at the bottom of them that 
such a condition exists; there is always plenty of room at the 
top. Many who presume to engage in such trades or pro- 
fessions are idle for want of employment, but the skillful — 
those who excel — can always find plenty to do. 

If such a boy as that in the piflure takes the course that 
we have indicated his gift will also bring him before great 
men, just as the proverb says, though he may be ever so 
obscure now. Great men are ever ready to appreciate and 
encourage talent, and talent rightly applied is almost sure to 
bring its possessor into prominence. 

Giotto's gift made room for him, for it raised him from one 
of the most humble occupations, that of a shepherd boy, to 
be the greatest painter of the age in which he lived, and 
indeed, one of the greatest the world has ever seen. His gifts 
also brought him before great men, for he lived to be courted 
and honored Ij- kings and emjierors and have them praise 
him and admire his work with all the ardor that the little boy 
evinces who is gazing at the rude sketches of the boy in the 
picture. 

Scores of other examples might be cited of persons rising 
from the most lowly ranks to positions of honor and fame and 
great usefulness through the possession and exercise of great 
talents. 

But we want to .'ay something directly to the boj's who are 
growing up in our mountain vales. Have they not talents 
that will enable them to shine in the world? We feel sure 
that they have. Tliere are as bright boys here as can be 
found in any cnmuiunity. There arc many boys here that 
are giltcd with mechanical genius, with a talent for drawing 
and painting, for music and for various other things, and they 
owe it to themselves and to the Almighty, who has blessed 
them to bouniifully, to make a good u>c of their talents. They 
will be under condemnation if they fail to do so. ''Where 
much is given much is required." If they make a good use 
of the talents they possess, the Almighty will increa.se them. 
If they fail to improve their talents but allow them to lie 
dormant and rust, they will lose them, even as the Savior 
promised, '"for whosoever halh, to him .«hall be given; and 
whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that 
which he seemeth to have." 

Tliere is a great diver^ity of talent among the Latter-day 
Saint-!. There are men among us that are skillful in almost 
ever}- art and branch of mechanism, but in most instances 
they have learned their trade and attained to this skill in other 
lands. We would like to see more attention paid by the young 
people who are growing up to the aci|uirement of skill in the 
various branches that are already represented among us and 
others that arc not. 

There is not a good wood-engraver in the Church, that we 
are aware of, yet this is a very import int branch of industry, 
and bound to become more important among us as a people, 
as the work of publi-^hiog increases. Here is a chance for the 
cxeniso ot th:i! genius, which many of our young pcotilc pos.«css, 
for drawing. Any young person who has a taste for drawin'.' 
miglit readily ac'iuirc a theoretical knowledge of the art of 
wood-engraving, and with a .small outlay obtain the nccessarj- 
tools to practice at the business and improve hinifclf. We 
hope to hear of some of our boys taking an interest in this 
bu^ints-, and feel sure that ail that become skilleil in the art 
will find ample ^coile lor the exercise of their ability, in the 
future development of the kingdom of Go J. 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG- 
INI I S S I O N A R Y^ . 



BY STREBEN. 



{Continued from jxif/e 74.) 

AS 1 was on luy way back to Bern, I took occasion to call at 
Strasburg. and spent a short time in viewing the sights 
of that notable city, of which I had heard so much. How- 
ever, to have a view of the cathedral was one of the principal 
objects of my visit. 

On arriving at the city. I found an unusual number of ])or- 
ters, hack-drivers, etc., all prepared to do me any service, but 
as it reipiires a full purse to jiay for any indulgence in this 
respect, I waved them all aside ami determined to be my own 
pilot. 

J first took a walk tUrougli the city, and found that it 
resembles nearly every large city in having narrow and crooked 
streets, high and closely-built houses, and an innumerable 
number of miserable and dirty-looking creatures, as well as 
the many rich and finely-dressed pcojile of the higher, or 
rather wealthier classes. 

Soldiers are also here in abundance, there being 1:2,000 of 
the German military stationed here, and they form about the 
ninth part of the iiojiulation. The reason that such a force 
is jjlaced here is, because Strasburg lies very close to the 
French frontier, and it is supposed that should war again open 
between these two powers, this city would be one of the fir.st 
places attacked. 

Such a belief is strengthened by the fact that Stra.sburg for 
several lumdred years belonged to the French, but in the war 
of ISTii-Tl, that city, together with the whole of AL-^aee and 
Lorraine, came into the i)o.sscssion of theliennans, since which 
time officers, soldiers and citizens of the latter class have 
taken possession in the conquered di.strict. 

However, the French jiart of the jiopulation live in hopes 
of being released very soon from the jiower which at the 
lircsent time holds sway over them; and all the government 
officers, with the exception of Manteufel, the governor, are 
disliked by the jieople of both nationalities. The governor 
has obtained the love and respect of all the people by his 
uprigbl cour.-ic, and his kindness and justice to all cla.s.scs of 
people. 

At the present time new fortifications are being winstrncted 
around the city, the old ones having been greatly damaged in 
the last war. The old erections are also too small, as the city 
extends beyond them in some places, and the constantly 
increaing pojuilation necessitates the enlarging of the size (jf 
the city. 

In walking through the city I was surprised to see the 
many evidences which exist on every side of the severe 
suffering and devastation caused by the bombardment of the 
city, in 1!S70. Bullets and cannon balls of difl'erent sizes are 
seen iirotrM(li?ig from the walls of buildings, corners knocked 
(.ff the liiiiises, and hundreds of hou-^es which were destroyed 
by fire have been and are being replaced by new ones. 

It is a Wonder that the destruction was not much greater 
than it really was, when we think that the bombardment con- 
tinued almost uninterruptedly for a period of seven weeks; 
and I was inlbrmcl that three liuiidred ami sixty shots were 
fired into the city every hour. 

In my ranililes, I came to the St. Thomas Churcli, This is 
an old buildiiiL', erected by the Catholics in the year s:;(), but 



:j> 





uTJ'VSIsril-.E IIDTSTI^TJGTOS.. 




it has since passed into the possession of the Prostestants. 
As there were a few curiosities to be seen here I entered. 

The first object wliich attracted m.v attention was a magnifi- 
cent monument erected to the Count of Saxony, by Louis 
XV., in 1877. The most prominent object strikin;; the eye is 
the hero himself, as witli intrepid pace he descends the steps 
which lead him to the grave, at the same time casting a con- 
temptuous look at death. 

At his right are to be seen the broken colors of Austria, 
Holland and P^ngland, as well as the heraldic animals of these 
countries. Over these three allied nations the count tri- 
umphed in the wars of Flanders. On the left is a weeping 
genius, by whose side are the victorious French colors. 

Below, upon the steps, is an expressive and graceful figure, 
representing France; with one hand she endeavors to hold the 
count back, and with the other to repulse death. The latter, 
whose skeleton is hidden by a white cloth, is on the left of the 
tomb. In his hand he holds the hour-glass, which shows the 
illustrious victim that his lifetime is past, and urges liim to 
enter the coffin which he holds open. 

Hercules, leaning on his club, also mingles his tears with 
those of the other mourners. 

On the base of the monument are two Latin inscriptions, 
telling of the principal events in the life of this eminent man, 
and add« that he was "everywhere victorious." 

This monument is considered one of the finest ornaments of 
Strasburg. 

Many other monuments of distinguished persons are to be 
seen here, as also two mummies, the door of an inquisition 
dungeon, and a skeleton of an inhabitant of Strasburg, who 
for piety's sake starved himself to death in the year 1410. 
He held a roll of paper in his hand upon which was written : 
"To please God, I give all my wealth to the poor; and to 
expiate my sins I allow myself to starve to death." 

My next visit was to the world-renowned cathedral, and 
although I had seen pictures and heard descriptions of this 
structure, .still all these were not sufficient to give me a correct 
idea of this magnificent building. The highest point is 490 
feet from the ground, and from this point one has an excellent 
view of the city as well as the surrounding country. 

In the construction of this noble work of art many rulers 
and great men have taken a part. It is said that the spot of 
ground on which the building stands, was dedicated for 
church purposes in the time of the Gallions and Celtens, and, 
even at the time of these races, that the god of war and other 
idols were honored by the barbarians. 

When the Romans gained the ascendancy in this country, a 
temple was erected to IMars and Hercules, which remained 
until about the middle of the fourth century, when these idol 
worshipers were converted to the (christian faith; and, accord- 
ingly, the (jld tem])ie was destroyed and a new clmrcli was Ijuilt 
upon the ruins. 

The many wars during the fifth century resulted in tin' total 
destruction of the church, as well as the dwellings of the few 
inhabitants wlio at that time lived in the region where Stras- 
burg now stands. 

About the year 'il'l tlic king of the ]''nniks, inio whose' 
hands this district fell, erected ancjther house of worsliip here, 
and also gave the present rjanie of the city to the snjall village 
then existing, and whidi was on the division line of two great 
countries. 

jturing the ihrce hnndrcd years following, this luisscssion 
]ia.ssed tlirough a number of <'liangcs, and many <lifi'crcn( 
.ruleri* either added to or detracted from the growtli of tiie city. 



In the year 873, through carelessness on the part of the 
church deacons, this house of worship, as well as part of the 
city, was destroyed by fire. 

No great advancement was then made until the eleventh 
century, when the walls of the present cathedral were erected, 
and it was made ready for service. It is said that many 
thousand workmen were constantly engaged in the construc- 
tion of this ])laee, who hoped t!hereby to obtain salvation for 
their .souls. 

However, it seemed as though fate was against the endu- 
rance of this building, for it was burned several times, and as 
often rebuilt; windstorms and lightning injured it repeatedly, 
but it was again and again repaired. 

( To he Continued.) 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



( Continued from page 80. ) 
"\1 /"HEN twenty-three years of age, Brigham Young mar- 

' » ried Miss Miriam AVorks. This was at Aurelius, 
Cayuga County, New York. He resided altogether at that 
place eighteen j-ears, during which period he worked at 
various occupations — carpenter, joiner, painter and glazier. 

His father having taken up his residence at Mendon, Mon- 
roe Co., he removed there in the spring of 1829. 

It was here that he formed an acquaintance with Brother 
Hebcr C. Kimball, who was destined to be his close and con- 
fidential companion through the varied vicissitudes of the 
next forty years, and whose continued intimacy was only to be 
interrupted by death. 

Brother Samuel H. Suiith, a brother of the Prophet Joseph, 
had met with President Young's brother, Phinehas H. Young, 
and left with him a Book of Mormon. This book the Presi- 
dent saw. 

This was in the spring of 183(1. From this time he never 
lost sight of what the world call "Mormonism," though it was 
not until the fall of IS.ll that he heard the everlasting gospel 
preached, when Elders Alpheus Gifi'ord, Elial Strong and 
others visited Mendon. 

President Young heard them preach, and Ijelieved their 
testimony and the principles which they taught. 

The following January, in company with his brother Phine- 
has and Hebcr C Kindiall, he made a visit to a branch of the 
Church in Columbia, Pennsylvania. 

The journey was a very difficult and trying one at that .sea- 
son of the year, and they were almost discouraged in uuiking 
it. Still, they were repaid for their toil and exposure during 
the week they remained there, by \Yhat they learned concern- 
ing the gospel. 

Immediately after his return from this journey he took his 
Iku-sc ami sleigh and started to Canada after his brother 
Josepli, who was preaching the Jlethodist doctrine there. 
U])on reaching him and explaining to him wiuit he had 
learned of the gospi'l in its purity, his heart rejoiced, and they 
rctiurjcd home together. 

it was on the Mtli (jf .\pril, \^.V1, that Brigham Young was 
iiajiti/cd, by I'llder lOlca/.cr .^liller, who conlirnjed liini a niem- 
lier of the Cliurch iif .li^us t'liri.'-l of Ijatler-day Saints, at the 
water's edge. 

it was a cold and snowy day, and his home was alidut two 
miles distant fi(]m the water, to which he walked without 
changing his clothing. Before his clothes weie dry on liis 







8S 



a"TJ'VEn^II_.E ZltTSTI^TJGTOT?,. 




back Elder Miller laid his hands on him and ordained him an 
Elder. 

At this Brother Brigham marveled, yet he felt a humble, 
child-like spirit witnessing unto him that his sins were for- 
given. His wife was baptized about three weeks afterwards. 

The following September, his wife died of consumption, and 
with his two children he made his home at Brother Heber C. 
Kiniball's. 

Before that month expired Brother Kimball took his horse 
and wagon, and, accompanied by Brothei-s Brigham and 
Joseph Young, started for Kirtland, where the Projihet 
Joseph resided at that time. 

On the way they visited several branches of the Church and 
exhorted and prayed with them, and Brother Brighaui was led 
to speak in tongues, a gift which he had received at ilcndon, a 
few weeks after his baptism. 

When they reached Kirtlaml. the Prii)ihet Joseph and two 
or three of his brothers were in the woods, choppingand haul- 
ing woiid. 

In speaking of this interview. Brother Brigham says his joy 
was full at the privilege of shaking the hand of the Prophet 
of (xod, he having a sure testimony, by the spirit of prophecy, 
that he was a true prophet. He had at last met a man who 
could impart the knowledge of God and of heavenly things, 
'which he had so long sought to obtain. 

The Prophet was happy to see them, and bade them wel- 
come. They accompanied him to his liouse; and iu the even- 
ing a few of the brethren came in. and conversation was held 
upon the things of the kingdom. 

Before separating, the Prophet Joseph called upon Brother 
Brigham to pray, and in his juayer he s|iokc in tongues. 
AVhen they arose from their knees the brethren flocke<l around 
the I'rojdiet to obtain his opinion concerning the gift of 
tongues which they had heard. He informed them that it was 
the pure Adamic language. 

Some said to him they expected he would condemn the gift 
Brother Brigham hail: but he said. '"No, it is of God ; and 
the time will come when Brother BriLdiiuu Young will ]irosiiU' 
over this Church." 

Brother Brigham had witlidiawii when llie latter part ol' 
this conversation took jilace. 

This was a most remarkable prediition, yet twelve years did 
not elapse until it w;us literally fulfilled, and Brother Brigham 
became the President of the Church. 

After remaining' about a week in Kirtland, <luring which 
period they held meetings ever,' night, the brethen returned 
to their houics in Men Ion. arriving there in October. l.S.'i2. 

I'ntil the following July. Brother Brigham laboreil dili 
gently in the ministry in Canada, New York, and other plai( ~ 
In visiting Kirtland ih^' next lime he tmik with him se\ii;il 
families, the fruits nf his lal)ors. 

He remained in F\irlian'i sunie linif, and was almost ecjn 
stantly in the society of the Prophet, after which he returnid 
again to Mcndon. 

In September of that year, in conformity to the counsel of 
the Prophet, he made preparations to gather up with his 
children to Kirtl in I. Brother Hehcr C. Kimball and him>ell' 
were again travelini; companions upon this journey. DuriiiL- 
the succeedinir winter he worked hard at his former trade, and 
enjoyed a privilege which he appreciated — that of listening to 
the teachings of the pro[ihel and indulging in the society of 
the Saints. 

One trait of Brother Brigham's character was clearly illus 
trated U[ion his arriv.al at Kirtlaml. a trait which he ha~ 



always manifested from his baptism into the Church, namely, 
unswerving devotion to the cause of God. It was under the 
following circumstances: 

He reached Kirtland in the fall of 18.33. Many other 
brethren gathered there that same season. Suitable employ- 
ment was not easy to obtain, and the people being poor, it was 
difficult, even when work was done, to get the pay. In conse- 
quence of this, several went off to the neighboring towns to 
work. 

Brother Brigham could have obtained employment there 
very readily also, but he had not gathered with the Church for 
this purpose. He told those brethren that he had gathered 
to Kirtland because he was so directed by the Prophet of 
God. and he was not going away to other towns to help build 
up the Gentiles. He would stay at Kirtland and seek the 
things that pertained to the kingdom of God, by listening to 
the teachings of His servants, and he would work for his 
brethren and trust in God, and thought that he would be paid. 
This was his mind upon that subject, and he carried it out and 
obtained suitable employment. 

AVhen the brethren who had gone out to work for the Gen- 
tiles returned, he had means, though some of them returned 
with little or none. 

Thus you see, children, that he was blessed by taking the 
course which the servant of God had pointed out. He had 
enjoyed the society of the Saints, the teachings of the 
Prophet and Elders, and had been at home; while those who 
had gone off had dei)rived themselves of these advantages, 
and were not in as good circumstances as he. 
{To he Contiiiiicd.) 



M ^ » ..^S>* * t^ 



SPARE MOMENTS. 



BV .1. II, P.VRRY. 



TT is surprising the amount of spare time a man has in a life 
-*- time — every year, week and hour of his life. Very few 
there are who do not have more than an hour each day which 
is not occupied with the ordinary duties of life and work. 
AVe all wish to live long, yet every day we are prodigal and 
wasteful of the very stuff life is made of— time. In the 
ordinary life of sixty years, if but an hour each day be thrown 
away to no purpose, it amounts to a waste of several years in 
the total, and so much of a life is actually lost, never to be 
called back or regained. 

Yet how many there are around us who are continually com- 
plaining that life is too short to accomplish much of anything. 
Such characters have not yet learned what time is, nor how to 
use it to advantage. I'ndcr ordinary circumstances, if a man 
takes care of his bodily health and makes a full and proper use 
of his time, life is long enough to allow him to fill his destiny, 
do good, and make his mark in the world. 

One cannot afford to wait for spare time to come to him 
before he begins his task ; it will not come with the waiting — 
he must take time. He must even make time by seizing u[ion 
every iille moment and making it count for something. Even 
the momerjis count up when a few of them are put togc;ther. 

One hour in the early morning is worth two at night lor any 
purpose, except for sleeping. Then we would .save an hour by 
going to bed early and rising early, and the Lord has coun.seled 
us to do this. We would not only .save time by it, but we 
would save our health, and save money by using daylight 
instead of lamplight. 







'''T^^?^ 



p5 



J"TJ^E]:]^ILJ±l Il^STIoTJOTOI?.. 



89 





The woi-kiuan has time for sometliiDg, if be would take it, 
before work in the morning, at dinner time and after his dajs' 
work is done. 

If in earnest, an hour or two can be saved nearly every day 
by any one who is on the alert for spare time. 

Once get in the habit of saving our spare time, and we will 
be astonii-hed at the amount of work we can accomplish in a 
lifetime or in any given time. 

In order to spend spare time profitably one must have an 
object in view, and indeed this is the only way we should 
spend time at all. If we are learning a trade or a profession, 
we must learn it thoroughly if we would rise in it, always 
keeping in view that whatever we try to do we should do 
well. 

To study our business as much as we can from books, will 
greatly assist us in acquiring it. Here we can fill up much 
spare time with profit, for some day it will yield a hand.some 
dividend. 

To read good books is one of the most profitable means of 
occupying spare time. But here let me advise my young 
friends to choose a book as you would choose a friend, and 
only read that which you know will be of some profit to 
you. 

A man is known by the company he keeps ; ,so is it known 
what he is and what he will be by the books he is in the habit 
of reading. Do not get into the habit of reading indiscrimin- 
ately just to fill up time. This often results in more harm 
than idleness itself Before beginning to read, make up your 
mind what you want to read and study, and then keep to your 
task. 

The spare time of a year earnestly devoted to the study of 
a language, for instance, will enable one of ordinary capacity 
to acquire a pretty good undei standing and use of it. So with 
anything else that is worth learning; it is not necessary to go 
to schools to become learned, if you know how to use spare 
time. 

Take up the subjects you wish to learn one at a time, and 
devote your spare moments to your task, and in a few years, 
by diligence and perseverance, you may become learned and 
useful members of society. 

Do not aim at too much. To make your mark in any pur- 
suit, and to become learned in a few things, one must be 
content to be ignorant of a great many other things. It is 
waste time to spend your efi'orts at anything but that which 
will be of some u.se to you or to others. 

Franklin was only a journeyman printer, but by a judicious 
use of the very little spare time that ho had, became the 
learned philosopher, statesman and philanthropist, honored 
by all the world. Abraham Lincoln, too, was a poor laboring 
man, but by diligence he became a learned and able lawyer and 
advocate, and filled with honor and credit the Presidential chair 
of the United States. Yet he was nearly forty before he began 
to devote his spare time to learning and the law. (ieorge 
Stejihenson, the great English engineer, who revolutionized the 
world of travel, treated his good name and fame by occupying 
his spare moments in the study of his steam engine. 

Take courage from these noble examples. What they and 
others have done you can do, with the same airiount of labor. 
Kenicmbcr it is not the one who has the most spare time who 
will Icaru and do the most, but he who makes the best iisc of 
it will make his mark. The busy and useful man will have, 
at the end of hi.s career, the sweetest consolation ever given 
to man, in the privilege of looking back upon a life well spent, 
and none of it.s pre<'ious moments wasted. 



LAMPS AND REFLECTIONS. 



AMONG the many useful inventions of modern times is 
that of the Argand burner and chimney, which keeps a 
flame steady, clear and bright. 

In other days lamps were not thus provided, and the flame 
therefrom gave a flickering, dull, smoky light, better or worse, 
according to the material which was being burned. 

In those days, also, they had no gas, and very little mineral 
oil, and as a consequence they had to depend almost entirely 
upon animal or fish oil to use in their lamps. Hence the great 
value, at one time, of the whale fi.sheries, those creatures 
supplying so large a quantity of the most profitable kind of 
oil. 

But now-adays, when .so njuch of this article is being taken 
out of the oil wells in Pennsylvania and other States, but very 
few ships are engaged in the whale fifheries. 

IIow wonderful are the works of God, how numerous are 
the products of the earth for man's comfort ! 

""vVhen our great Creator placed man on the earth. He sur- 
rounded him with everything necessary for his sustenance and 
happiness. But he in his folly often spends his entire life in 
endeavoring to destroy that which God has created for his 
good. 

No doubt every one of our little readers can think of hun- 
dreds of things besides oil that are taken out of the earth for 
man's use, and of hundieds more that grow on the top of the 
earth or are found in the waters. 

All these things when rightly used, are for the benefit of 
man. The minerals and the metals, the oils and the coals. 

the herbs and the grains, the 
jdants and the trees, the beasts 
and the birds, the fishes and the 
fowls are all placed on or in the 
earth to add to man's comfort, 
and even the elements are in- 
tended as his servants. He has 
been made lord of all nature, and 
when he lives in accordance with 
the law of life and salvation, he 
will grow in goodness and power until all things are subject to 
him. 

Our picture represents two ancient lamps, one burning, the 

other not. 

This will give our little friends a good idea of these articles 
as they were made in the olden times, among the Jews, 
As.syrians, Greeks, Romans and others. 

They were often very elaborate and costly, being ornamented 
with "exceeding fine workmanship" and enriched with gold, 
jewels and other expensive materials. Yet, for practical pur- 
poses, one good common lamp, such as we use now-a-days, is 
bettor than them all. It is safer, cleaner, not so liable to be 
blown out by every puff of wind, and, withal, gives a far better 
light; and, we have no doubt that, as a general thing, it is 
much cheaper. Thanks to the energy of modern improve- 
ment, and the growth of scientific knowledge. 

But, here comes in another thought. Scientific knowledge 
alone will not save men in heaven nor make thcni happy on 
eartli. We need a higher knowledge than that— a knowledge 
of the true and living (iod, and that is only obtained by obe- 
dience to His laws. That knowledge, condjincd with that 
obedience, will bring us every necessary blessing, both in this 
world and in the world to come. 





r^- 



90 



GTTJ^ETSriLE IInTSTI^TJCTOE., 




^ji^ Sluuniil^ |(nstrttctoti. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 188], 



EIDITOK^I^^Xj THZOTJO-ECTS. 




HE I.NSTRiTTOB, as its name implies, is 
mainly intended for j'oung people to read) 
and it is devoted to the interests of the 
young peojtle. It is, however, very gen- 
erally read by parents. The interests of 
p.'^rents and children, too, are very closely 
allied, and the course pursued by parents 
in the training of their little ones has a 
' very important bearing upon the destiny 
of such children. We therefore take occasion, 
once in a while, to drop a hint for parents to act 
^J ^ upon if they are so disposed. 

Character in men and women is very greatly 
'jiSr dependent upon impressions received and i)rin- 

^•'l\_ ciples imbibed in chililhmid and youth. 

1 iXl^ Are you an.xious that vour children should grow uii 

VT-5L.* ' ;^ I 

"'■TX '" ^^ '"'" Latter-day vSaints? Do you want them to 
" ^^ be virtuous, temperate, industrious and intelligent? 
Train them for it while they are young? 

Solomon, of old, tausht parents to "train up a child in the 
way it should go," and a modern writer has added, by way of 
additional advice to parents 'Oo that way yourselves." Pre- 
cept is very good, but example is better. 

Do you want your children to keep out of bad society, shun 
the vices that abound in the world and resist temptation? 
Keep tliem enii)loyed in that which is good, make huiiic 
attractive, and fortify them liy correct habits, formed in <liiM- 
hood, to withstand the allurements of siti. 

Do you want your children to liave faith in God and in His 
gospel? Show by your e.vamplc that you are sincere in your 
profession of religion. Give them your reasons for such a 
faith. Let them read tlie testiinonics and learn of the experi- 
ence of faithful Klders. and teach thcMii to keep Goil's com- 
mandments. 

Do you wish your cliil<lren to have strong, minds and 
retentive memories? Allow them to learn nothing but what 
will bo worth remembering, and require them to njakc a strung 
effort to remember what they do learn. 

Have your children a rhsire for knowledi-'C? Teach them to 
seek "out of the bc-t books words of wi.-i<loMi : seek learning 
even by stuily, and also by faith." 

Have your children a taste for reading? See that they arc 
supplied with that cla.ss which will eiiliglitcn their minds, 
increase their knowledge and strengthen their faith. 

As you value your children's future, banish novels finni 
your habitations. I>iscourage the rca<ling of fiction. It 
poisons the mind; it destroys the memory; it wastes valuable 
time; it warps the imagination; it conveys wrong impressions; 
it unfit.s the jierson indulging in it for the stem and important 
duties of life. 

The Latter-day Saints should have a literature of their own, 
free from the objectionable features of the literature of the 
World, and also supi)lying what that lacks. 



Efforts are being make to provide this. Are you willing to 
aid in these efforts, and at the same time benefit your chil- 
dren ? If so, give those books and other publications that 
are issued in the Church, upon which Latter-day Saints talent 
and labor are employed, the preference. Supply your children 
with these, and read and explain their contents to them. 

The country is flooded with trashy literature. It is within 
the reach of almost every boy and girl. If you would not 
have them read it, furni.sh tVem something better. 

Do not starve your children, and then wonder at their not 
being strong. Do not allow them to spend their childhood 
and youth in reading low works of fiction, and then cantingly 
marvel at their lack of faith, at their instability, at their 
incapacity for study, at their distaste for reading of a more 
substantial nature. 

Your children's minds are plastic. They are easily molded. 
Be careful what impressions you make upon them. They are 
apt to remain there for life. Cultivate their minds, guard 
their morals, restrain their evil tendencies, develop their 
bettor qualities, even if it .should take all your spare time. 
Do it, even though it should prevent you from getting rich. 
Do it, even though it should require ever so much self-denial. 

You can afford to deny yourselves. You can afford to 
remain poor. You can afford to labor and study, and watch 
and pray, for tire salvation of your children. But you cannot 
afford to neglect or abandon them. You cannot afford to set 
before them a bad example. You cannot afford to allow them 
to indulge in vice. You cannot afford to jeopardize their hap- 
piness and usefulness in this life and their salvation hereafter, 
for the sake of gaining riches or ease, or self-gratification or 
anything else. 

Your children are talents placed in your keeping, which you 
will be required to account for at a future day. 

In accepting of those gifts from the Almighty, you assumed 
an obligation tint does not end when they are able to labor 
with their hands and make their way in the world. It does 
not even end when they become of age and begin to raise 
families of their own. It continues as long as you live, as 
long as you are able to teach them by your example, as long 
as you are capable of giving them good coun.sel. Fail to 
comply with that obligation, and you are under condemna- 
tion. 

])o your dtity by your children, and they will be jewels in 
your crown which will add to your glory throughout the count- 
less ages of eternity. 



Till'; HoTTKST Si'OT ON I'Iahtii. — Oi.e of the hottest regions 
of the earth is along the Persian Gulf, where little or no 
rain falls. At IJahiin the arid shore has no fresh water, yet a 
coniparaitivcly numcreous iiopulal ion contrives to live there, 
tlianks to the copious springs which burst forth from the 
bottom of the sea. The fresh water is got by diving. The 
diver sitting in his boat winds a great goat-skin bag around 
his left aril), the hand grasjiing its mouth ; then he takes in his 
right hand a heavy stone, to which is attached a strong line, 
and thus ciinipjied he iilunges in and quickly reaches the 
bottom. Instantly opening the bag, over the strong jet of 
fresh water, he springs up the ai-cending current, at the 
same time closing the bag, and is helped aboard. The stone 
is then hauled up, and the diver after taking breath plunges 
in again. The source of these copious submarine springs is 
thought to tie the green hill of O^man, some five or six hun- 
dred miles distant. 



^. 



-^.t 



"'J nr 




j'TJ'^EiNriXjE i:n'sti?.tjctozo. 



91 




DAIRY LIFE IN THE ALPS. 




MY young readers have perhaps seen pictures of Spaniards 
hunting the wild cattle with the lasso. The very 
opposite impression is made by our picture. While the for- 
mer is showing destruction and is wild and fear-spreading in 
its very nature, our picture indicates peace and tameness. It 
gives the scene of the Swiss alpine herder's (senn's) return from 
the higher to the 
lower ali)s. 

There she comes 
with her dear herd, 
singing those pe- 
culiar warbling 
songs (jodlers), cal- 
ling forth the echo 
from the surround- 
ing glaciers and 
peaks. The heads 
of her beloved cows 
are adorned with 
alpine roses and 
other mountain 
flowers. She calls 
them all by their 
pet names, and 
gently leads them 
over the narrow 
bridges or around 
dangerous preci- 
pices or perchance 
has to carry a young 
timid goat or call 
that was born dur- 
ing the summer's 
sojourn on the 
mountains, and 
dare not go over a 
dangerous spot. 

All seems to be 
peace, and the large 
cowbells, which are 
so arranged in the 
herd as to sound in 
harmonious chords, 
give the signal to 
the people below of 
the approaching 
herd ; and the feast 
in honor of the 
"eenn's return" is 
prepared. 

The mountain 
sides in the Alps, 
up to the regions 
of the eternal i-now, 
are laid off in tracts or fields, which are also called "alps;" 
these are .'•eparated from cash other by rough stone fences, 
and custom has determined how many animals each will sup- 
port, and just so many and no more are pastured on thcni. 

Some of those al)is, or mountain meadows, are owned ly 
individuals, others ly whole villages, in which latter case, 
each owner of a house holds a right to pasture so many 
h-ad. . 




The process of utilizing these alpine meadows is as follows : 
On a certain appointed day iij the spring the animals are 
collected in the village below. This is a general day of 
rejoicing, singing and feasting among those peaceful simple- 
minded villagers. The heads of the cows are adorned with 
spring flowers ; the herders then drive the stock up over 
dangerous and steep roads to the upper alps. 
To secure the stock against late cold storms, there is a 

reserve fund of hay 
left from the pre- 
vious year, stored 
away in log houses 
in divers suitable 
places. 

The Swiss peo- 
ple will not allow 
their stock to be 
exposed to the fury 
of the storms 
without food, as 
some of our people 
used to do in for- 
mer years. They 
know that their 
domestic animals 
constitute their in- 
dividual and their 
nation's support, 
and they show 
their gratitude to 
God by taking care 
of His blessings. 
Let us learn to 
do likewise. 

On the upper 
alps a log house 
is prepared, con- 
tainirjg all the 
fixtures and appa- 
ratus for cheese- 
making, and the 
herd is left in 
charge of the 
"senn," (cheese- 
maker), and just as 
much help as is 
needed. 

Perhaps once a 
month or oftener a 
su 11 ply of provisions 
is scut up from the 
village below. 

The cattle and 
L'oats remain here 
until a certain day 
iu the autumn, and 
a goodly amount ot two qualities of cheese, butter (which is 
stored in kcgi for traaspoitation) and lastly a milk-sugar 
(u.sed for medicinal purposes) is obtained from the milk. 
15ut what is goin; on meanwhile iu the lower alps? 
hi the next lower alp the short and uutritious grass is 
allowed to grow undisturbed until July when it is mowed, 
and where wagons cani'ot be applied on account of the slope 
of the mountain sides, it is gathered in large nets or with 



<l^ 



r-^ 



93 



0"TJ'V"n±lX-TIIL-:E: IXnTSTK^TJOTCI^, 




ropes and carried by men and women into log houses pre- 
pared for storing it 

Tills forms the supply for the returning herds in the fall, 
(see our picture), and a little is left over for the following 
spring, in case the up-going herd should be overtaken by 
storms. 

As the herds .slowly descend from the higher alps into the 
lower ones, they remain in places long enough to eat off the 
second fresh growth of young grass, and follow this plan, 
steadily moving down hill, until, by the approaching winter, the 
senn's camp arrives home at the old farm. Here they find 
barns well filled with hay, which has been cut twice during 
the season in the lower "matten" (meadows). 

This is the peaceful life of the alpine herder in Switzer- 
land, Tyrol, and in the Bavarian highlands. 

Similar measures will in time have to be adopted in places 
in our valleys as the population grows denser, and new 
resources to make a living will have to be sought after. Let 
us gather in the good and useful habits and customs from all 
nations, should be the watchword of the bees in Deseret's 
hive. E. Sen. 



ititns from Hit |)0nn0 Jfolhs. 



WAi.i..>iiiL-R(i, AVasatcm Co., 

March 0, 1881. 
Mrs. Ilatinah T. King, 

Deak Sistkk : — I have read i'our letters and the 
letters from the boys, and I thought I wuuld write a. kw lines. 
Tnis is the first time 1 have written to you. 

I am fourteen years old. I attend the Primary A-sociiition 
and .Sunday school. I love to read the Church works. 

Do you think it will injure the children's memory to commit 
pieces to nioniory? 

Yours respectfully, 

MOSKS M. BOREN. 



W'ALLsuuBci, Wasatch Co , 

March 10, 1881. 
Mrs. llannnh T. King, 

I am but thirteen years old. I take a ercal interest 
in attending my meetings, though I am young. Our Primary 
Association meets once a week. 'Wo have a good president, who 
tries to instruct us in all good things. 

If we will listen to the counsel that is given us from tim<^ to 
time, wc can become useful in helping to build up the Church uf 
Jesus Christ. I already realize that, though we are children, wc 
have got something to do. 
>ry earnc-t desire is to seek knowledge from all good books. 
I am going to school, and desire to become useful in the 
Church of Jp«us Christ. 

From your young bmlher in the g'lspel, 

Hki.ama.v Dike. 

Katsville, Davis Co., I'taii, 

March 11, l.HKl. 
Mm. llnnnrih T. King, 

Dear Sistkr : — It is with much pleasure that I jxri 
you a few lines. This is my first attempt in writing to you. I 
trust that I may be guided by the Spirit of the Lord, that I may 
write something good. 

I attend both Sunday and day schools. I am also one ••( the 
members of the Primary Association, of which I am the 
treasurer. 



^ly mother died aboul si.x years ago, and my liithor ha» fCiil 
me to school most of the time since. 

I am very glad to say that I do not u-^c cotTce, tobacco nor 
whisky, as I want to be a good boy. I am mucli interested in 
your letters, and will try and profit by them. 

I hope you will excuse my mistakes, as I have not been 
prompted hy my father. 

Beseeching our Heavenly Father to bless you in your efforts to 
benefit the bo^-s, 

1 remain yours respectfully, 

WiLKORD S. Barnes. 



Hap.risville, "Webkr Co , Utah, 

March 15, 1881. 
Mrs. Hannrili T. King, 

Dear Sister :— I am a little boy, almost eight years 
old, and 1 thought I would write you a letter. 

I go to Sundaj- school and day school, and sometimes to the 
Mutual Improvement Association ; and when we have a Primary 
Association organized, I shall go to that. 

I am going to be baptized, and shall try to be a good boj' and 
obey my parents and teachers, and nol use tobacco nor swear, for 
I know that it is vorj' wrong to do so. 

Yours respectfully, 

Heruert D. Brown. 



Bcsn Vat.t.ev, Acacbe Co., Arizona, 

March 17, 1881. 
^Tl■.•i. Hannali T. King, 

Dear Sister:— I have been thinking for some time 
of penning you a few lines, which I hope will be acceptable, 
although 1 am like one of your other correspondents, "out of my 
teens." 

This place is situated on the head of the San Francisco Kiver 
The land here is excellent- The valley is surrounded with tim- 
ber, and the grtss is the best I ever saw. There is plenty of game 
of almost every kind. "We think there can be a nice settlement 
made here. There are only about eighteen families here at 
]iresent. 

We have a Y. M. M. I. Association organized here, as well as 
a Sunday school, which are well attended. 

The Indians gave us a call last year, and took about si.\ty head 
of horsi'?. They did not attempt to kill any of us, although they 
had plenty of chances. They killed several families of Me.xieans 
within lil'teen miles of us. We could not help acknowledging 
the hand of God in preserving our lives. 

I hope you will keep up your part of the correspondence, and 
I will try to do my part. 

Your brcither in the gospel, 

William G. Black. 



Smith FIELD, Cache Co,, 

March 20, 1881. 

,V/"-^. ILtnnah T. King, 

Dear Friend:— I take the pleasure of answering 
your very kind and encouraging letter to me. 

I must tell you that the letter I sent before was not in my own 
handwriting. I thought mine was not good enough. I wrote 
the letter and my mother copied it. I hupe you will pardon mo. 
But now I feel to send my own handwriting, because you seem 
so good and talk so much like mother. 

I can truly say that I never disobeyed my parents. I love my 
mother, and do all I can to help and comfort her. 1 will try and 
take your advice to he a steady and thoughtful youth. 

I had the "Siring of Pearls" presented to me on Christmas 
morning, by the president of the Primarj' Association, for being 
punitual in attending to my duties during the past year. 

I have read in the history of George Washington that he 
would nol go to sea, because his mother wept when he wished 



i^ 

^^:^. 





J""Cr^lIlI^IIL.E IISrSTI?.TJCTOI^. 



93 




her "good-by ;" and we all know what a great and good man he 
was. 

I would like you to say more upon the Word of "Wisdom in 
your next letter. 1 pray for you night and morning, and I hope 
you will live Ion? upon the earth to do good. 

I wish you oould make a visit to Smithfield, and attend our 
Primary Association meeting, that we mny see you. 
I remain, your brother in the gospel, 

William M. Phillips. 



Smithfield, Cache Co.. 

March 29, 1881. 
Mrs. Hannnli T. King, 

Dear Friend : — I now make my first attempt to 
write you a few lines. I have read your letters to the boys, and 
have been very much interested with them. 

I belong to the Primary Association, and I like it very much. 
I keep the Word of Wisdom, and say my prayers night and 
morning. 

I have read the "String of Pearls" all through. That book 
was presented to me on Christmas morning by the president of 
the Primary Association, for good conduct during the past year. 
I am now reading the "Women of Mormondom," which the 
president lent me. 

I am fond of reading good books. I try to do right and be 
obedient to my parents. I want to improve my time so that I 
shall be prepared to go forth and preach the gospel to the nations 
of the earth. 

T think you are very kind to write to us little boys. I hope God 
will bless you that you may continue to write to the boys, and 
we will all pray for you. 

I remain, your brother in the gospel, 

Hans T. Peterson. 



Fairview, Sanpete Co., Utah, 

April 6, 1881. 
Mrs. Hannah T. King, 

Dear Sister: — It is with pleasure I undertake to 
write you a few lines. Ihavet)een mucVi interested in reading 
your letters, and the letters from the boys. I have written once 
to you and will try to do so again. 

I attend the Sunday fcliool as regularly as I can, and also the 
Y. M. M. I. A. and Primary Association. I try to keep the 
Word of Wisdom, and love to hold up my hand in the Primary 
Association as one who does so, and most all of them do. 
I have good parents who give me many good instructions. 
Please look over my letter and tell me of any mistakes, so that 
I can do better next time. 

I hope you will continue writing to the boys. I would prefer 
you to ask a question, as I cannot think of any that would be 
interesting. 

I remain, your brother in the gospel, 

.lusTi.v Wilson. 



^ 



Oqden City, 

Aprils, 1881. 
Mrs. llnnnal, T. King, 

Dear Sister; — .\s I have a few leisure moments 1 
will endeavor to write you a few lines. I hoiio you will not 
criticize me too harshly, as this is my first attempt. 

I am now attending school, and take great interest in my 
studies. I attentively read good books. I have read all your 
letters with great delight, and also those from the girls and 
boys. 

I attend Sunday school and the Y. L. M. I. Association. Wo 
have very good meetings, and I think that they do a great deal 
of good. I also attend the Primary Association. 

With these few lines I will dose, over ivraying for the Spirit of 
the Lord to be with you and all good people. 

Yours very respectfully, 

Emma L. liuuiii. 



LETTER 



TO THE 
FOLKS. 



Y O U N O 



Salt Lake City, 

April 10, ISSl. 
Moses M. Boren. — Your note is very nice both 
in the writing and inditing. I am glad you love to read the 
Church books. 

You ask if I think it will injure children's memories to 
commit pieces to memory. This is (juite a new idea to me. I 
should certainly say not. Of course, again the Word of Wis- 
dom comes in here : no minds of whatever age ought to be 
strained beyond their capacity. The teacher or the mother 
having the care of the children should be the judge of. that 
matter. 

Helaman Ddke. — I think I see in your letter that you will 
make a writer. But remember that good writing does not 
consist iu saying a great deal all about nothing. Learn to 
concentrate your ideas, and then to condense your language. 
Multum in parro, which is the Latin for much in a small com- 
pass, should be the motto of all the writers in this correspond- 
ence. 

I am glad you take an interest in the meetings, for that 
shows an appreciative mind. 

I have had to cross a great deal out of your letter. When 
you learn to condense I shall not have to do that ; but I am 
pleased with the spirit of it. It is good, and shows a mind 
alive, which is ever delightful. 

WiLfOED S. Barnes — You say that you desire to be 
guided by the Spirit of God in writing. That is a most 
excellent desire. Never do anything without asking the aid 
and guidance of that Almighty Spirit, and, believe me, you 
will become great in doing good. 

I am glad you keep the Word of Wisdom. I should not 
have thought you ever touched whisky, though you had not 
told me so. 

You say you want to be a good boy. Cultivate that desire 
by practicing good deeds and using good words — never bad 
ones. Pray to God to assist you, and He will. 

I am glad you were not prompted, that is right. Be your- 
self; you will then be original and establish an identity. I 
dislike an echo in character. 

Thank you for your prayers and good wi.shes for me. 

Herbert I). Brijw.v. — You are a dear, good little boy, to 
write such a pretty note to me, and I feel you will make ^ 
good man if you go on as you now promise. Try hard, and 
you will succeed. 

I shall remember you in my prayers as a dear, good, intelli- 
gent child. 

After you have been baptized write to me and tell me how 
you felt, and if you did not feel bles.sed. Good-by for the 
present. 

William G. Black. — A letter from Arizona is very inter- 
esting to mc, and 1 thank you for it. 

I think, indeed, that you arc doing well in that remote 
region, and feel that (iod is with you. I am glad yuu get the 
LNSTurcniK, and enter yourself as one of its coi respondents. 

Brother Woodruff told me the other day that he was 
pleased with our correspondence — I mean that between the 
boys and your humble servant. This was an inspiration to me 
to go on in the work I have begun, for if wo have the blessing 
and ajiproval of the authorities of our Church, we may know 
(■oil will also aid and assist us. 

Write again, and 1 will write more ne.xt time. 



"^, 





94 



J-TJ^EITIIliE XlSrST-RUGTOT^. 




William 31. Phillips. — Your writing is so good for a 
.vouDg boy that you need get no one to write for j'ou, and I 
like your sentiments and the way you express them. 

Do not read too many books; u.'^e wisdom, particularly in 
reading. Feeding the mind is precisely like feeding the body, 
a small portion of nutritious food nourishes, while a great 
quantity of all sorts destroys the tone of the stomach, 
especially if weak, as in childhood. 

When you get a good book, read, mark, learn and digest its 
sentiments and exhortations, and apply them in your daily 
life. That is the purpose for which good books are written. 
This is my word of wisdom to you, which you asked me to 
give. Study my letters with the same spirit, and they will 
imi)rove you. For this purpose alone do I write. 

Hans T. Peterson.— Your letter of March 27th is very 
satisfactory, and does you credit. The writing is most excel- 
lent, as is also the spelling, which is even of more consequence 
than the writing. 

Did you write it yourself? I confess to being a little skep- 
tical on that head ; forgive uie if I am wrong. 

I am glad you are a praying boy, for such must make a good 
and wise man. 

I cannot understand how anyone can live without prayer. 
They must be God-forsaken. I never remember the time 
%vhen I did not pray; and I love to do so. 

Continue in your present course as you describe it in your 
letter, ami you then must progress. Intelligence is of God, 
and without it we cannot enter into His presence, or enjoy it. 

JisriN Wilson. — I was glad to receive your letter, which 
is written in a good spirit, as indeed all the boys' letters are. 
They comfort me. for I see there a:e some who desire to be 
>>aints. 

Let nie impress upon you to ever be truthful and honest in 
all things, even in trifles, for tritlos make character, and show 
it too. If a person is correct in the small affairs of life, it is 
pretty certain that he will be in larger ones. Alwaj's keep 
your word. If you make an appointment for a certain hour, 
be .-ure to l)e there at that lime. If you promise to do a cer- 
tain thing, do it, even if you have to put your.self to a liltlo 
trouble to accon)i)li.'-h it. 

Write honor and hone.-ty on the tablet of your heart. Keep 
the Word of Wisdom in everything as f^r as you can, and 
eontiouc in well dninir until i* is a habit that will ever fit well 
through life, 

K.MM.\ L. Bii'.ill. — .^Iy dear young sister. 1 felt so 
refreshed on receivinz your kind ami good note! I do most 
assuredly love and admire good young people of either sex. 

No, dear, never fear that I >hall "har.-,hly criticize" your 
letters. If you knew mc you would not have said thit; but 
as j'ou do not, I will not feel hurt at it. Lei us get ac(|uainted, 
and then perfect love will cast out fear. 

I wish you were one of my young ladies in our society, as I 
think you are intelligent and have a mind to apjieciate learn- 
ing, and this to me is so delightful! 

Continue to write to me, dear girl, and be assured I will do 
you good, and not one particle of harm, nor ever hurt your 
feelings by harsh criticisms. 

Your Friend. 

11. T, Kino. 



k 



CllK,sTNrT trees are known to have lived nine hundred year.s. 
Lime trees have attained .-ix hundred years, in France ; and 
birches are supposed to be equally durable. 



0rres^oniIence» 



Bridgkwater, Burk Co., North Carolina, 

March 20, 1881. 

Ehlrr George C. Lambert, 

Dear Brother :- -I have come so near entirely 
failing to comply with your request for a letter occasionally, that 
I almost dread breaking the spell. However, when a favorable 
opportunitj' is afforded, it gives me pleasure to communicate 
with those I realize are interested in the progress of the great 
work of God in these last days. 

I rejoice in being able to bear te'<timony to the blessings of God 
bestowed upon many of us young and inexperienced messengers 
of salvation, while wandering as pilgrims in a strange and unin- 
viting land. 

As Elders, we sometimes fear our labors are not accomplishing 
much, but when we loolc back, comparing the former condition 
of those with whom we have associated with the present, we feel 
encouraged. In this State, where only two Elders were laboring 
two years since ten now find plent.v to do, and are zealously at 
work building up the Saints and believers in the doctrine of 
Jesus Christ. 

This field of labor, which now includes Burk Co., and portions 
of Caldwell and McDowel Counties, and which aflbrds abundant 
labor for four Elders, appeared a blank, or nearly so, in our mis- 
sionary field two years ago. Only a few would then notice us, 
but now many friends are extending a helping hand, and seem 
deeply interested in our labors. 

Last July I left here to attend our conference held in Surry 
Co., N. C, when we had a most excellent time, there being ten 
Utah Elders present from the Virginia and North Carolina con- 
ferences. I remained there until the latter part of October, when 
I returned here with J. M. Barlow. 

"While in the Surry district I baptized three young men and a 
j-oung lady. Since my arrival here I have baptized seven 
adults, who, with four I baptized over a year since, make four- 
teen I have rejoiced in taking do*n to the waters of baptism and 
in guiding to a knowledge of the truth. 

Converting the honest from the error of their way, letting the 
gospel light from above shine in upon their souls, and guiding 
them into all truth, is a great, a good and glorious work, and 
should be a labor of love to us as young Elders of Israel, who 
have been reared under the li.ght of divine inspiration. Wo 
should also bear in mind the promise of the Apostle James, 
that "he which converieth the sinner from the error of his 
way shall save a soul from dcalli, and .^hall hide a multitude of 
sins." 

On the 4th of last month, Brother Barlow and I were greatly 
rijoiced at meeting with one of our old associates of the loth 
"Ward, W, C. Burton, also Chas. J. Brain, who left Salt Lake 
Cuy on the 21th of January. Brother Brain is at present my 
traveling companion, and is diligentl.y working at his initiatory 
lessons in preaching. 

A'; young Elders who go on missions, we generalb' regret the 
loss of the golden moments which we failed to utilize while 
associated with the invaluiblo means of a religious training 
found in the Sunday schools and Y. M. M. I. Associations of 
Zion. We feel that if we could only spend a few hours with our 
former associates, we would do all in our power to impress upon 
them the need of their living their religion and improving their 
ojiportunities. 

Whi'O we are bulfeted about among co'.d strangers, wo fi'cl the 
benefit of the knowledge and advice we may have stored away 
while associated with the .«crvnnts of God; and how we wish wo 
could be with them to ask (piostions and receive counsel. 

AVe have su(X'eoded in showing a prominent Baptist iiroachcr, 
and pastor of several largo churches, the error of his way, or 
nearly so, though as yet lie has not been bajitized and would like 
to avoid it if he honestly could ; but that is diflicult. He has 



iM 



iV\ 




'b 



■ CTTJ^IEIsrXlliE IltTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



95 





been working to our interest for some time, and many of his 
congregation, to their own sorrow, were aware of tliis fact, but 
said nothing until a few weeks since, when he failed to attend to 
his church duties. Some of his members were almost distracted, 
as they believe that if a person once receives the grace of God be 
cannot fall away. They say when one of their members fall : 
"he never had grace." 

The preacher referred to has baptized many of his members, 
and, in accordance with their faith, he never had grace; hence, 
he had no right to preach and baptize, which nullifies their bap- 
tism and makes void their religion. 

To the honest observer this makes plain one of their many 
foolish principles of religion. Still they have eyes but see not. 

A short time since we preached to about one hundred and 
twenty-five of the students of the Rutherford College, a religious 
institution. The president of the same, after reading our four 
tracts, by our request, endeavored to obtain a room where we 
could hold service in the village, but the trustees declared that 
we should not hold meeting in their corporation. 

The professor, not easily daunted, sent us word that he would 
meet us with as many of his students as would come with him to 
a school-house in an adjoining township, two miles away, 
making a p-ovision that if the school-house was refused they 
would hear us in the public road. To this we consented. 

The school-house was not refused. We held our meeting; and 
although some of the students acted like semi-civilized bar- 
barians, there were many who seemed favorably impressed, and 
who waited until the rabble had left and then made further 
enquiries. Several gave us their addresses, desiring anj' tracts 
or further information we could ffive them. One of the students 
is greatly assisting us in distributing and caring for our tracts at 
the college. 

In a few da.vs after the la^t-mentioned meeting took place we* 
went to another new opening, to fill our first appointment there, 
but found the door nailed. Some wanted to break it open, but 
we prevailed upon them not to do so. It being a pleasant day, 
we held meeting outside, with quite a number present. 

The man who nailed the door is said by good authority to be a 
noted thief, and his trying to rob the people of their rights in the 
scfiool-house supported the saying. It will probably not surprise 
you to learn that this pious Pharisee is a member of an orthodox 
church. 

He attended our meeting, doubtless to see how matters worked. 
At the close of the service a gentleman, and apparently the most 
intelligent of the congregation, addressed us, saj'ing, in a tone 
that all might hear, that he could now see that we were indeed 
Latter-day Saints; adding that he believed half of hell would be 
filled with just such as are trying to injure us by circulating lies, 
etc. The door nailer was just at his side but made no reply, 
though he probably felt his guilt. 

It is hard to say that I rejoice in seeing men endeavoring to 
scourge us from their places of worship, and circulating all man- 
ner of lies about us falsely for the testimony we bear. Still I 
realize by their so doing they fulfill the predictions of the Savior 
in our behalf, and thus perform a work for us that we cannot 
do'Ourselyes, hence we should rejoice. 

We are now sojourning with a very cleve r old gcntlenuin by 
the name of Barnett Moore, a distant relative of Elder Haden 
Church, who visited him nearly forty years since while on a 
mission to this State. 

Mr. Moore was very wealthy before the war. IIi.s wealth con- 
sisted of slaves, all of whom he lost through the late war. Ht 
says that Elder Church talked a great deal to him, warning liiiii 
in plainness to sell his darkies and leave the south, for soon an 
awful war would overtake liiin, releasing his slaves and causing 
him to come up through muc:i trouble. This, he thought, was 
foolishness. Then Polder Church also warned him of other mat- 
ters, to the literal fullillmcnt of which the old gontleman seems 
to take particular interest in testifying. Still hut few will heed 
his testimony in this matter (though it would be highly respected 
in any other case) or even the testimony of one who might ]h- 
raised from the dead, for they will not believe the Bible in which 



they claim to trust, and which will yet stand as a witness against 
them. 

I can say in sincerit\' that I rejoice in the hope of being 
worthy of the position I now occjpy, and although it is not at 
all times smooth sailing, I know that I have been comforted in 
my labors and that the Lord has blessed me, for which I trust I 
may ever praise His name. 

My desire is that the Lord will bless Zion and all her interests, 
and that we may be clothed with humility, and diligently press 
forward in the great work cf redeeming mankind. 
Yours fraternally, 

Jas. H. Moyle. 



MIRACULOUSLY SAVED. 



BY NAO.MI. 



THE following is a true story, and shows that the hand of 
God is over those who put their trust in Him. 

My two sons (both young men) went into the canyon for 
wood. They had loaded their carts with logs and were ready 
to hitch on their hor-es preparatory to returning home. 

The cart of tlie elder brother was on a steep side hill, and 
not being in a good position for him to hitch on the team, he 
thoughtlessly took the blocks (rom under the wheels and tried 
to twist the tongue a little, but it would not move. He got 
hold of the single-tiee with his back down hill, and pulled 
([uite hard, when all at once the cart started, and in an instant 
he was caught between the load and a stump that stood a few 
feet below. 

The first thing he did was to call his brother, who was a 
short distance from him. He then exerted all his strength to 
free himself from his perilous position, but to no purpose, at 
the same time exclaiming: "My God, my God, my God!" 
realizing that he was being ciushed to death. 

His brother came quickly, but could render no assistance, it 
being impossible, as they thought, to either unload or cut 
away the stump in time to save his life. And when it seemed 
that he could stand it no longer and that he must die, all at 
once he was lifted as it were by some unseen power, so that he 
got out perfectly easy, needing only a little help to extricate 
his foot which was fast. 

As soon as he was clear of the load, he said, "Thank God, 
I am free ; I am free !" 

He was very weak, and came near fainting, but that feeling 
passed off, and in a short time he was on his way home. 

His injuries were not serious; his back troubled him some, 
and his limbs were bruised, which caused him to limp for a 
few days, but he was soon able to return to his work. 

Words cannot express the thankfulness that 1 felt when 
they returned home and related what had occurred. The 
elder broilier had always been iirayerful, and Ir.id great faith 
in God. 

His faith was strenglhoned, and he always looked upon it as 
being .saved, by a power from on high, from a dreadful t cat i. 
It was al,-o a witness to the younger brother, lor when I asked 
him what he thought about it, he said, "^Mother, .-oiiie one 
hcliicd him out !" 



]j;t not any one siy h" cannot govern his jiassions, nor hin- 
der them from breaking out and carrying him into action; tor 
what ho can do before a prince or a great man, he can do 
alone, or in the presence of Goil, it' he will. 



^ 



/A 



^if 




96 



j"cr"^rEnNrinLE zisrsTi?.TJOTOi^. 




GOD BLESS OUR HOME. 



Words by Geo. Manwaring. 
Andante sosteiiuto. 



Music by A. C. S. 



:3=S=^^: 



ZJ 



:=1- 



H^=It 



>_. N. 



i*zrj= 



^- 



zz^z=-_-z=mz=:^=i 



n"? 



mf Giiil lilcfs our home — ■ how sweet the prayer! 



For all is love 



if 



God is 



zr 



PJEgEEg: 






- 4 ' 



:^= 



zii 



-.z\'*-.^zizz: 



^ 



=1: 






iSlower. 



^ — p — I — ^ , — 



--^: 



ii^vz^:: 



:::1- 



3^ 



there; 



'Ti'^ lic:\v'n on earth 



m 



home af - ford The peace that com - eth from the Lord: And 



f=:r 



:«;±*; 



;:3i 



/ 






/S^oicf)-. )0 



-»_: 



m 



mf Irmpo. 

=1= 



:p= 



:3E|l7^*zz-*rJ2*zi;^^=S=i=i=3Eg=r^ir3=:d 



J l_ 



naught but swi'iMp't jov can come, If God will on - ly bless our home. And 
inZZj^iiiai^ — •— — q m Mi^^-^mm-^ 1 — ^""1 ^^^8^^ — ^ — ^ — $<» — -^ — r--l — q-»H jS 1 

WLmLM TL ^0, — I— 3»-»-e * »-»-- !-?» »-»-»-»-*i— •-g*-*^— e — « 1 • — i-s) 1 ' 

-m-mmm- -m- w- ^ I 



m^-m- 



l 3»7 ^ — 2 — 9 — 1 



_b^-^_--^_ -- 



-p: 



\—< • s* — * 



9 






/ 



Slotccr. 



Py^ 






nauL'ht bi 'i. sw eetest joys 




lE^fr 



can come, If on - ly 

I 



God 



will bless 



home. 






3— -Zfe 



?Ei*=3E5=f*=^=pi 



God bless our home, our humble plea, 
81mll oft ascend, O Lord, lo Ti.ce; 
Lot Thy good Spirit frcni hbovc 
fill nil our hearts with Thir.e cwn !cvc, 
Tlmt wo with faith may ever come 
Ar:' '' ''I" ;i blcjiir.g or. oi;r heme. 




God bless oi.r honiG, our happy home, 
That, e'en if angels chance lo come, 
Tney may be pleased awhile lo stay. 
And bless us ere they go away. 
Teach us tc live nil Christ shall come, 
Ttial we may dwell witlj IJjii. at lioiiic 



E N I O M A . 



ni- f. A. PA.SCOE. 



I AM compo-cil of 7 letters: 
My 1, ", 2, t, i.H a delicious fruit ; 
My 1, 2, C, L is a preparation for paper; 



My .1, 4, 1, is very mischievous ; 

Mv .3, 2, 4, some pirls ard very fond of; 

My 1, 2, 4, 1, will rai-e water; 

My .'! ."), fi, 7, is a inea-mre. 

My whole is u.se<l by brick tn.aker.s. 






I'.VUK to do right, regardless of cnnsfi|ueneps. 




