^4 



pijHu^ss U t\t %tix)s\ 




VOL. 7 SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1872. NO. 24. 



THE ^:e?.otio I?, e C3- 1 o nsr s 



# 

*^. 



WINTER is now close upon us and a short article about the 
Arctic regions will be in season. When you are reading 
this, if you are sitting by a cosy tiresidc, just look at the pic- 
ture, and try to realize it, and it will be almost sure to cause, 
in fancy at least, a momentary chill to pass over you. Ice 
mountains, a ship frozen fast amongst them, and the sailors, 
probably running short of food, or, it may be, after sport, have 
left their vessel and armed, and clad in heavy robes, are 
evidently intent upon shooting the monstrous polar bear, tho 
seal, walrus, or silver fox — which inhabit the far-off icy regions 
of the North. _„ 

This picture is no fanciful 
one, but it is a representa- • # 

tion of the actual experience 
of hundreds. The rigor of 
the climate in those regions 
is inconceivable to those 
who live in countries situ- 
ated in the temperate zone. 
Dwellers in the Rocky 
Mountain country think they 
have occasional sharp spells 
of weather, but the most 
severe cold in the ranges of 
the Wasatch, Oquirrh or 
Sierra Nevadas is temperate 
when compared with that 
within the polar circle. 

You have perhaps all seen 
a thermometer, and know 
that it is an instrument, 
which, as its name implies, 
measures the heat or cold. 
It is a long glass tube con- 
taining quicksilver, attached 
to a chart on which the 
degrees are marked. An 
ordinary Fahrenheit ther- 
mometer is marked from the 
zero or point down to twenty degrees] below it, and to two 
hundred degrees above it. The quicksilver in the glass tube 
rises or falls according to the heat or cold. When very hot it 
sometime reaches, in this countr.v, 110 or 115 degrees above 
Zero. This has been the case during the past summer. But 
with the approach of winter and cold weather the quicksilver 
falls gradually lower. When as low as 32 above zero water 
freezes, and we then begin to think it is quite cold; but if 




it should get to the zero point, and it does sometimes, it is 
considered very severe. This is rarely reached in these val- 
leys; but sometimes in the mountains it falls perhaps ten or 
fifteen degrees below zero. But even this, terribly severe as it 
would be considered, is far milder than the weather of an 
Arctic winter, for there the quicksilver frequently falls to 40, 
and sometimes to 70 or 80 below zero. At such times the 
water of the sea is frozen like a solid rock and a sorry fate over- 
takes any ships that may be then cruising in the polar seas. 
They are sometimes crushed to pieces like nutshells; and if 

they escape that they are 
" ^^ bound in their icy prison 

until (he mild weather re- 
turns and liberates them — 
and that is not to be looked 
for until six or eight months 
have passed away. 

The crews of such ships 
not unfrequently perish of 
cold or famine. This was 
the fate, a httle over twenty 
years ago, of the great Eng- 
lish navigator. Sir John 
Franklin, and the crews un- 
der his command in the 
ships Erebus and Terror. 
For a good many years now, 
great efforts have been made 
at various times and by 
various nations to reach the 
pole, the belief being that 
if that task could be accom- 
plished land, perhaps a 
new continent, would be dis- 
covered. The Enghsh have 
taken the lead in these polar 
explorations, and while en- 
gaged in one of them Frank- 
lin's ships were frozen in, 
and he and his men all perished of hunger and cold. 

This, however, is not the fate of all explorers. Many of 
(hem go and return in safety; but when in tho'Arcdc seas they 
all have to take every precaution to guard themselves against 
the cold. Some of them tell, that while on these exploring 
trijis they have an enormous appetite for fatty substances or 
Ii(iuids, and that they can eat so many pounds of fat, or drink 
large ((uantities of oil every day. The climate has this effect 



* 



^^i^ 



1^^^ 186 



0" TJ "V E 3sr I L E IIsTSTI^TJOTOie/. 



upon their constitutions, for, being so intensely cold, the human 
system needs much more heat-creating food than when at home, 
and the appetite craves oil or fat, which is just the kind of 
material to supply the heat which the system requires. Several 
expeditions of this kind are now exploring in the polar regions, 
one of them is American, under Captain Hall, and he is very 
sanguine that he will reach the pole, and plant thereon the 
"Flag of our Union" — the stars and stripes. 

The aboriginal inhabitants of these northern regions are called 
Esquimaux Indians, and they are believed to have had the 
same origin as the North American Indians, their color and 
features being much alike. The Esquimaux, however, are 
much smaller, wliich is very likely owing to the intense cold of 
the climate they inhabit, and to the hardships they endure. 
The temperate or mild season of the year there, lasts only about 
two months, and during that time the natives are as busy as 
busy can be laying in whatever supplies they can procure to 
sustain themselves through their bug winter. They live 
principally on fish, which they eat raw; they also eat enormous 
quantities of the blubber of the whale, and other fatty sub- 
stances, obtained from animals they kill. The polar bear, fox, 
seal, walrus, whale and shark and wild fowl are plentiful, and 
of these the Esquimaux procures all he possibly can during his 
very brief summer. 

Their dwellings are of the rudest kind, and in their construc- 
tion little or no regard seems to be had to what white people 
would call comfort or convenience. Some of them are made of 
wood, others of stone. Many are built of the bones of the 
whale or walrus, the intestines of the former, and the skins of 
the latter, and of the seal, bear, etc., being used for partitions. 
Numbers of these people live in houses made of packed snow or 
ice, and Captain Hall, in a book giving an account of his 
sojourn among the Esquimaux, says that, after becoming some- 
what acclimatized, and able to eat raw fish or flesh, and drink 
oil by the quart, one of the greatest enjoyments of his life, was 
to sleep, free of clothing, in one of these ice houses. 

It has been often said that man is so constituted that he can 
adapt himself to and live under any circumstances, however 
unfavorable, in which his lot may be cast. The Esquimaux 
famish a forcible illustration of the truth of this. Their country 
is the coldest and most barren known, affording the scantiest 
supply of the barest necessaries; yet they manage to live. 
Their clothing is made of furs, of which they are said to be the 
best dressers in the world. They are also among the most skill- 
ful of boat builders, and they make them so light that the 
owner of one can carry it on his head. Men and women manage 
them very dexterously on the water; and in these fragile barks 
the former, it is said, fearless of storms, take to the ocean, and 
in their search for food boldly attack the whale and other mons- 
ters of the polar seas. These circumstances go to prove that 
the Esquimaux have adapted themselves to their situation, and 
that they turn to the best account the very limited resources at 
their command. But such inhospitable surroundings can never 
develop aught but the rudest and lowest phases of human life, 
and the most stunted and degraded specimens of humanity. 
This is the character of the Esquimaux, and though they manage 
to live and seem to be tolerably contented, in their case ignorance 
may be bliss. At any rate there is nothing in their condition 
that the poorest and most wretched in civilized life need envy; 
and there is not one of you who has not abundant cause for 
gratitude to God, that He has cast your lot under circumstances 
so much more favorable. 



tb: T s t: o :Eij IT o:f thiki 

O HTJ I^ G TEL. 
{Continued.') 



He that loses his conscience has nothing left that is worth 
keejiing. 



He that speaks ill of other men bums his own tongue. 



OIjP Tom, as Brockman called himself, no sooner had taken 
command than he gave orders for marching. At about half 
past nine on the morning of the 10th of September, the watch- 
men, posted on the tower of the Temple, discovered the mob 
approaching Nauvoo on the Carthage road. The instruction of 
the Governor of the State to Major Parker had been to organize 
the people of Nauvoo to defend themselves. Four companies 
of volunteers had been organized. When it was known that 
the mobbers under Brockman were marching towards the city, 
these companies were ordered to march out and meet them. 
By noon they had reached a copse of timber on the Carthage 
road, when John Wood, Esq., mayor of Quincy, Major Flood, 
Dr. Conyers and Messrs. Joel Rice and Benjamin Clifford, Jun., 
also of Quincy, arrived at Nauvoo. The Governor had given a 
commission to Major Flood to raise forces in Adams county for 
the protection of Nauvoo. These gentlemen were all indignant 
at the villainous conduct of the mob towards an oppressed and 
defenceless community. They were anxious, however, to 
avert the shedding of blood, and Major Wood proposed that 
they proceed to the mob camp and learn if there was any pros- 
pect of a compromise. Accordingly they repaired there in a 
carriage, and had an interview with Carlin and Brockman. 
That you may have a correct idea of the feelings and aims of 
the scoundrels composing the mob, we will give the_proposals 
of Carlin and Brockman in full : 

"September 10th, 184G. 

"It is proposed, on behalf of the anti-Mormon forces assem- 
bled, camped in the vicinity of .Nauvoo, by the officers in 
council : 

" 1st — That the writs in the hands of John Carlin shall be 
served, if the individuals against whom they exist, can be found. 

" 2d — The Mormons shall all give up their arms to some gen- 
tleman, to be agreed on by the parties, and any gun or other 
weapons shall be returned to the owner, whenever the owner 
of said guu has lona Jide left the State with his goods and 
chattels. 

"3d — The anti-Mormon forces shall be permitted to march 
peaceably through the city, we pledging ourselves to molest 
neither person nor property, unless attacked, in which case we 
will defend ourselves as best we can. 

"4th — The Mormons shall leave the State in thirty days. 

" 5th — The anti-Mormons shall station a force at their discre- 
tion in the city, to see that the above terms are complied with. 

"John Cablin. 
"TnoMAS S. Brockjian. 
" In behalf of the officers in camp." 

Carlin had been illegally appointed as a special constable to 
serve a writ on a sujiposed criminal. This was the only service 
it was claimed that he had to perform. But what a change 
had now taken place 1 He had become a dictator and claimed 
the exercise of more despotic power than any king could wield. 
He had not only called out soldiers by the hundreds from 
Hancock, the only county in which he could pretend to any 
jurisdiction as a constable, but from all the surrounding counties. 
Majors, colonels and other officers wore summoned by him. 
And all this for the purpose of forming a 2^osse to serve a con- 
stable's writ in Hancock 1 At the head of those forces which 
ho had thus summoned he dictated terms to a city, threatening 
the people with his vengeance unless they complied with them I 
A so-called constable demanding the arms of the people under 
pains and penalties, and insisting on expelling them from their 
homes and from the State, because, forsooth, they were "Mor- 
mons 1" This was one of the most outrageous proceedings ever 
attempted. 



^f3^t- 



^^ 



=Je^SS« 



^^ 



J-TJ^ElsrilLjE HiTSTI^/TJOTOI^.. 



1B7 



'vC* 



* 



Carlin, "Old Tom" and their mob manifested but little 
respect for the Quincy gentlemen after giving them the terms 
upon which they would make a compromise, for, as they return- 
ed to Nauvoo, the mob fired several cannon balls over their 
heads. Major Flood had seen enough to satisfy him probably 
that it would be unpopular with the mob to defend or protect 
Nauvoo, so he declined to accept the commission of the Gov- 
ernor to raise forces in Adams county for that purpose, but as 
he was empowered to transfer the commission to some citizen 
of Adams county, he did so, and it was accepted by Benjamin 
CUfford, of Quincy. Clifford then took command of the volun- 
teers. Under him Charles M. Johnson continued to act, as he 
had under Parker, as Colonel of the volunteers. William L. 
Cutler acted as Lieutenant-colonel and William Anderson as 
Aide-de-Camp. The first, second, third and fourth companies 
were under Captains Andrew L. Lamoroaux, Alexander 
McRae, Hiram Gates and Curtis E. Bolton. The next day 
William Anderson, having received permission, proceeded to 
choose a band of select men for flankers and sharp-shooters. 
They were called the Spartan Baud and were principally armed 
with repeating rifles. They organized at President D. H. 
Wells', who was then known as Esq. Wells, because of his 
being a magistrate, and who took a very active and prominent 
part in the defence of Nauvoo. William Anderson was chosen 
first captain and Alexander MeRae second captain. Curtis E. 
Bolton also joined this band. The command of liis and Captain 
McRae' s company devolved upon them first lieutenants. 

Tlie mob had artillery, and seemed to be well supplied with 
ammunition of all kinds. For the want of other enemies to fire 
at, they, in passing corn-fields on both sides of the road, fired 
their grape and canister shot into them; they made great 
havoc in cutting down corn-stalks. There was no artillery in 
Nauvoo and it was felt to be greatly needed. Two steamboat 
shafts, which had lain for years on the banks of the Mississippi 
river were found. These shafts were hollow, and it suggested 
itself to some of the citizens that by cutting them in two, and 
I)lugging up one of the ends of each piece with iron fastened in 
its place by wrought iron bolts and made tight by filling up with 
spelter, a rude but effective kind of cannon might be manu- 
factured. The plan was deemed feasible, and four of this kind 
of cannon were soon made ready ibr service. There were 
probably some fears felt as to whether they would answer the 
purpose or not, and the first discharge from them was doubtless 
watched with considerable interest. They might, after all the 
trouble burst upcm the first discharge. It was no time, however, 
for nervousness. The mob forces were at the people's doors, 
and they had to defend themselves against their attacks with 
such means as were at their command. But the shafts did good 
service. They stood the fire cxcellcntly,and they were the means 
of intimidating the mob and keeping them at bay. They had 
expected to make Nauvoo an easy jirey, for they knew there 
was no artillery there. When, therefore, they heard the can- 
non they did not know what the sound meant. The "Mor- 
mons" were better prepared for defence than they imagined 
them to be. 

Major Flood, did not show his commission to "Old Tom" 
Brockman when he was at the mob camp. Major Wood and 
Joel Rice, therefore, walked out there again, and read the 
commission that Brockman might know that he was fighting 
forces which had been raised by the iJovernor's order. But 
neither he nor his forces cared for the Governor or his orders. 
They were resolved to drive the people from Nauvoo, and they 
drew nearer and nearer, advancing in solid columns against the 
city. There was naturally great anxiety felt by the people of 
the city. Blajor Parker, when he left, gave them reasons to 
hope that recruits would be .sent, by the Governor, to their 
relief. But no reinforccnients came, and it became evident that 
they must rely upon their owu resources. 
( To lie conlimied.) 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 
{^CoJiiinued.) 



i^«§^= 



LESSON FOB SUNDAY, DECEUBEU IST, 1S73. 

Q- — Besides the plates of brass what weapon did Ncphi obtain wlieii 
he returned to Jerusalem 'i 

A.— The sword of Laban. 

Q.^As this was a famous weapon, and is yet in existence, iiavuig 
been presei-ved of the Lord, will you descrilic it ? 

A. — The hilt was of pure gold and of exceeding line workmanship, 
and the blade was of the most precious steel. 

Q- — I have said it was yet in existence, where is it kept? 

A. — With the plates from which the Book of Mormon was trans- 
lated by the I'rophet Joseph, and other precious things which were 
hid up by the command of the Lord. 

Q. — Did the Frojihct Joseph translate all the engravings which were 
upon the i)latcs that he received ? 

A. — No; a portion of those plates were scaled, and he was forbidden 
to translate the writings on them. 

Q. — Will thej' yet be translated and given to the Saints ? 

A. — Yes; God has thus promised. 

Q. — Wc have seen that the plates which Nephi obtained from the 
treasury of Laban were lirass, were the plates from which the Prophet 
Joseph translated the Book of Jlormou of this metal V 

A. — No; they had the appearance of gold; hence, scoflers have 
sometimes called the Book of Mormon "the Golden Bible." 

Q. — Mormon abridged this history which we have; but ^vho hid the 
plates on which it was cngraveu ? 

A. — Moroni, the son of Mormon. 

Q. — ^Where did he hide them ? 

A. — In the hill Cumorah. 

CJ.— Where is this hill ? 

A. — In the towushii> of Jlauchcstcr, Ontario county. New York. 

Q.— Who delivered the plates to the Trophrt Joseph ? 

A. — The angel Moroni, by the command of the Lord. 

LESSON FOB SUHDAT, DECEMBER ISlH, 1872. 

Q. — When Lehi and his family left Jerusalem they departed into 
the wilderness; where was the wilderness situated ? 

A. — Near the borders of the Ked Sea. 

tj. — ^They were joined in tlio wilderness by Ishmael and his faniilj'; 
how many where there of them '! 

A, — Ishmael, his wife, two suns and their families, and live 
daughters. 

Q. — For what purpose were they led to join Lehi and his family V 

A. — The Lord commaudeil Lehi to send for liim that his sons 
might take his daughters to lie their wives. 

Q. — Did they marry tlicm ? 

A. — Y'CB; the eldest became the wife of Zoraiu; the other four 
became the wives of Laman, Lemuel, Sam and Nephi. 

Q. — How were these people guided ui their travels hi the uilder 
uess ? 

A. — i}y an instrument called Liahomi. 

Q. — Describe this mstrumcnt? 

A. — It was a round ball, made of fine brass and of curious work- 
mansliip. Within the ball were two spindles, and one of these point- 
ed the way they should travel. 

Q. — You describe an iustruiueut Eomelhiug like our modern com- 
pass; in what did it diller in its workhig from what wc call a compass? 

A. — The pointers or spindles which were in tlie l-iahona, worked 
according to tlie faitli, dihgenoe and heed whiol' ivcro given to Ihcin. 

Q. — Would it work or point the way they should go when tluy 
murmured, were reliellious or did wrong? 

A. — At such times it would not work. 

tj. — What other peculiarity was tlierc al>ont the l.iahoiia ? 

A. — There was written upon it instiuction from the Lord. 

y. — Was this writhig always tlu' saiiic? 

A. — No; it was eliauged from time to time by tlie power of (i.nl, 
according to their faitli and diligence hi paying attention to it. 

(^._What is the interpretation of the wonl Liahoiia ? 

A. — It means a comiiass. 

(J.— By whom was the Liahona made ? 

A.— The Lord prepared it. 

(2o be Continacd.) 



.*a'^ 






J" TJ "V^ E IsT I L E IltTSTI^TJCTOI^ 



'^r^^i 



i5Tu itt&^ttiU ittslpitclop* 






CEORCE 


Q. 


CANNON 




EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, 


NOVEMBER 


23, 


1872. 



EiiDiToi=e.i^i-. THzoxjo-nars. 




HE Epizootic is tlie tlieuie for editorial 

thought or comment in this number, and 

those of you who have seen and read the 

newspapers for the past two or three 

weeks, have become familiarized with the 

word, odd and strange as it is. It seems 

as though excitement and sensation are the 

order of the day now. A few weeks back, 

iu fact for several mouths past, the princi- 

topic of conversation over the whole land, 

has been the presidential election; and just as 

that event reached its accomplishment, another 

tidal wave, by way of sensation, sweeps over the 

entire counti-y iu the epizootic, the name given 

to a disease which attacked the horses in the 

. ,^ n States some two or three weeks back. 

AxtS The Word epizootic is another of those scientific 
i-''~>^^% terms derived from the Greek, aud means literally a 
/■^i disease upon animals; aud as the horses in nearly 
ever.v eastern State have been attiicked with a malady some- 
what similar to that which human beings call tlie influenza, the 
term epizootic has beeu applied to it, because of its general 
lirovalence among this class of animals. Any disease among 
human beings as prevalent as this is among the horses, would 
be called an oindeniic, that word meaning a disease wide-spread 
or general among the people. So much for the meaning of the 
word, now for a few reflections as to its cfl'ects. 

Here iu Salt Lake we can form but a very faiut idea of the 
amount of inconvenience caused by such a wide-sjircad disease 
among the horses. The largest city in the Tcri'itory iif Utah — 
Salt Luke City — is very small when compared with the principal 
cities of the East; and the amount of business transacted, and 
the nuniber of horses used for freighting purposes, here are cor- 
re.-i>iindin,!.'ly small. However, should the epizootic reach us, 
its effects would be ver.v utj pleasant, but notliing at all when 
cimtrasted with such cities as New York, I'hiladeljihia, Jioston, 
i'iitsburgh, Ciiiciunati and many others. Li all the above- 
naUK-d places extensive lines of street railroad exist, aud they 
have become such a public necessity that teus of thousands of 
passengers are carried daily to and from business thereon, 
.lust i>icture to j'ourselves, if you can, the incouvcnience which 
must result to the public when, as has been the case in many 
easti^rn cities lately, very nearly all the horses are too sick to 
wcirk, and the thousands of street cars are standing still for 
want of animals. 

l!ut serious as has been the iuconveuieucc thus caused; the 
|.»s to the LTcat commercial intcreslsof the land has been beyond 
r iiiiputatinii. Ill an extensive cnuntry like ours, between nearly 
all parts of which there is railway coiiueclion, the aujount ol 
freight of all kinds transported, both by land and water, is in- 
conceivable, Well, tons of thou-sands, and perhaps millions, of 
ton.s of this freight have been delayed, on account of the 
epizoiitic or Imr.sc disease, and there has been uo possible 
n'Uiedy for it. It is true that in a .good many jilaces the aid of 
oxen and of men has been brought into reiiuisiliuii; but all tliat 
could be done by such means has j>roved of trifling avail in 
rcniedyiog the evil. 



If the epizootic had been confined to one or two States it 
would have been serious enough, but as scarcely one has escaped, 
and it is impossible to estimate the amount of pecuniary loss, or 
personal discomfort which have ensued therefrom, it has risen 
almost to a national calamit.y. 

To the minds of those enlightened by the Spirit of Truth, it 
is salutary and instructive to contemplate the seemingly simple 
means with which the Almighty can bring upon men evils 
which they can not remedy. The people of this Territory have 
learned this lesson well, in their experience during the several 
grasshopper visitations, since the arrival of the pioneers in 1847. 
It is scarcely possible to think of anything more insignificant 
than a grasshopper. Look at it ! It is ugly, almost repulsive, 
and, isolated, it is utterly powerless for evil. But when mil- 
lions of them come together they are a dreadful scourge. In a 
few hours, without noise or display of any kind, they destroy 
the labors of a season and reduce tons of thousands of people to 
the verge of fsimine; and no device of man, with all his power, 
ingenuity, wisdom or skill, avails the least to stay their ravages. 
Well may they be called the Lord's army, for, in working out 
the mission assigned them, they are irresistible — omnipotent. 

The horse disease is another illustration in point. Who 
would pay any particular attention or feel the least alarm when 
looking at a horse troubled with a cough or running at the eyes 
and nostrils? One would be very apt to think. Oh it is only a 
cold, and will be all right in a day or two 1 But so far as the 
epizootic is concerned, the day or two has gone by, the disease 
has spread with surprising rapidity, afflicting tens of thousands 
of horses, and in its progress a fatal disease — the dropsy — has 
been developed, which has caused the death of many hundreds 
of these valuable animals. 

There is one thing in connection with the epizootic worthy 
of note, and to which we desire to direct your attention. The 
Book of Mormon contains a paragraph fisretelling the destruc- 
tion of the horses throughout this laud. We very well know 
that this book is rejected and wholly disregarded by the mil- 
lions, but the Latter-day Saints regard it as equally sacred with 
the Bible, and it contains many revelations regarding the des- 
tiny of this nation and generation. One of these revelations, 
to be found on page 478, paragraph 12, foretells a time when, 
if the people would not repent, the Lord would destroy their 
horses. Who can say that the epizootic has no connection with 
that threat of Divine displeasure, aud has not come, at least in 
jiartial fulfillment thereof? JMany would no doubt be inclined 
to cry ''fanaticism" at the mention of such a thing; but thol^e is 
the revelation for all to read who will, and none can deny that 
in tliis visitation the horses of the nation have been stricken, 
that man's skill to stay the progress of the disease has been 
powerless, and that the hand of the afHictcr has been omni- 
potent. 

We would not suiijiosc that, were the revelation we have 
referred to miw to be published in eveiy newspaper in the land, 
it would have any cfTect in conviniing the scoITer and unbe- 
liever; that revelation, however, in comicction with this preva- 
lent malady, can not be disregarded by the believer in modern 
revelation. But such visitations, whether in the past, present 
or future, can only be understood by those whoso minds an; 
enlightened so as to understand the signs of the times; for the 
scofler and unbeliever of to-day, like their predecessors in the 
days of the Redeemer, would not be convinced though one rose 
from the dead. 



1"\1k.\ who are exceedingly blind to their own faults, are oft ii 
exceedingly (piick-sighted to the faults of others. 



SkjNTIments of friendship which How from the heart caniKjt 
be frozen in adversity. 



•^ 



■t^^t^ 



¥ 



O'TJ'VEIsrilLjE] IltTSTI^TJOTOie/, 



189 



THE JJ^OI^j^L. 



THIS is a very good representation of the Jackal, the name 
given to an animal almost generally despised, because, 
though partaking largely of the nature of the dog, fox and wolf, 
he possesses a combination of the worse qualities of the three, 
for he lacks the cunning or ingenuity of the fox, the courage of 
the ■wolf and the nobility of the dog. He is a native of Africa 
and Asia, and is generally found in all localities inhabited by the 
lion. He has been called the ' 'lion' s provider, ' ' but if he has any 
right to that nickname it is without any intention on his part of 
being so. The reason why he is so called is as follows : Jackals 
frequently go in large packs in search of food, and as they run 
they make an abominable noise, something between the bark of 
the dog and the howl of the wolf, like the coyote of the plains. 
The Hon knows what this means, and frequently follows in the 
track of the jackals, and as soon as they have torn down a deer, 
or some other choice animal, the dread "king of the forest" 
makes his appearance on the scene, and as his presence puts his 
kind providers to flight, he takes his fill of their game, leaving 
them the refuse, so that "lion's provider" is, after all, not a 
very inappropriate name. 

The part played by the lion on such occasions is not at all 
noble or magnanimous, for he is strong enough and sufficiently 
fleet of foot to provide for himself; but it seems to be the law 
through all the ranks of fallen nature, that the strong shall prey 




w:y 



upon the weak, and both lion and jackal are no exception to 
this rule. 

The body of this animal is about the same size as that of the 
fox, but his legs are longer; and unlike the fox or the wolf, 
who shun man, it is said that the jackal rather prefers his 
society, like the dog; and if caught very young he can be 
domesticated like the dog. There is, however, no friendship 
between the two animals, and a dog and a jackal never meet 
without a fight. 

The jackall preys on deer, sheep, the denizens of the jioultry 
yard, and on almost anything smaller and weaker than himself 
He is never known to attack man, like the wolf, but is not 
restrained from so doing by any compunctions of conscience, but 
lacks the courage to do so. Taking him all in all he is a mean 
contemptible fellow, and has deservedly but few or no friends 
among animals or men. 



Go to a brick yard and take a brick freshly moulded, and 
liress a leaf upon it; a gentle pressure of the finger will suffice. 
Yet subject that brick to the kiln, and it will come back 
inefifaceable. Build it into a house and y(ju may see it across 
the street. 

The child's mind is the moist brick. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

COISTZFUDElvrOE IIST (JrOlD. 



a 



H mother! what will 3'ou do?" said a bright, little 



\J maiden of twelve years, as she came tripping into the 
house after carrj'ing home some work her mother had finished 
that morning. "Mrs. Smith says she cannot let you have the 
flour she promised you, for, if she does, her own family will be 
short. I told her if she could only spare you a little, you would 
be glad, for father and brother had gone to the field without 
breakfast; but she said, no, she could not let you have it." 

"Well, my dear," said her mother, "did you go to the other 
places I told you of?" 

" Yes, mother, but they are all entirely out of flour. The 
mill is broken, and grinding cannot be done for some time, so 
what will pa do when he comes for his dinner?" 

" I do not know what to do," said the mother, "if I cannot 
get it where it is owing to me." 

" ma !" cried out little Jane, three years younger than her 
sister, '' I know what you can do." 

" What," asked her mother?" 

"Why," said Jane, ''you can do as you have done before. 
You can ask our Father in heaven to give us some. You know 
He always does, when you ask Him." 

"Ess," cried little baby Johnny, three years old, "ess, 
mamma, lets say pay's (prayers) and Dod wOl send some flour." 

How the mother's heart rejoiced, as she clasped her children 
to her bosom, and thanked God for the precious gift of faith 
He had bestowed on her babes. 

She then took her children by the hand, and knelt down and 
prayed to her Heavenly Father to give them that day their 
daily bread, and to let peace rest down on their father's heart, 
for he was troubled. 

The children, though hungry, rose from their knees with 
cheerful faces. 

"There," said Jane, "you will have flour in a short time, 
ma, for you always do when you ask our Father for it. He 
does not say no like some people do." 

The father of the children, Joseph Hall, was an industrious, 
bard-working farmer; but he had lost aJl he owned, team, cows, 
croi)s and everything he possessed of farm property, in an 
Indian war; and he had struggled hard for several 3'ears to sup- 
port his family, and to replace his team, that he might be able 
to raise another crop. His wife was always delicate in health; 
but being a milliner, she strove, by working with her needle as 
much as possible, to assist her husljand in providing for her 
fauiUy. Her children being all small at the time of Ids losses, 
and requiring a good deal of attention, she was often obliged to 
sit up at night, after the rest had gone to bed, to finish her 
work. A such times, being over fatigued, her spirits would 
become depressed, and she would sometimes be led to exclaim, 
"Why am I called to pass through such trying scenes of poverty, 
while my relatives are enjoying the luxuries of life?" 

Such had been her thoughts on the morning in question; but 
seeing her husband come in to kiss the little ones good bj'e 
before going to work, and seeing him look discouraged at not 
having been able to get them flour, she bade him good morning 
with a cheerful smile, and told him to come home early and she 
would have a nice dinner ready for him; but having sent home 
her work, we sec how, for the time being, she was distip- 
pointod. 

After lifting her heart in prayer to God, she again took up 
her needle, while her little girls washed the dishes and swept 
the floor; but scarcely had she done so, when little Jane again 
came running into the room, crying out: 

" Oh ma i come and see, there is a girl coming up the garden 
with a big pan of flour. Didn't I tell you our Father would 
send some ma. We must thank God for that." 



9^^ 



w 



190 



J^Cr^Eil^ILE IlsrSTi^TJOTOI?/. 



Going into the kitchen, Mrs. Hall found one of the neigh- 
bor's children that wanted to get some fruit for flour. She 
gave the child the fruit, and took the flour with a thankful 
heart, realizing that what she had thought a trial was indeed a 
rich blessing, for it had taught her chUdren a lesson of faith 
and confidence that they would not forget as they grew older. 
Eut that was not the end of their blessings, for, shortly after, 
two ladies who were owing Mrs. Hall for work, came and asked 
her as a favor if she would take flour for her pay, as they had 
been disappointed in getting her the money. She told them 
she would. 

When her husband came home at noon, she told him to look 
at the sack in the corner. He asked what was in it. She 
replied "flour." 

" Whose is it?" he inquired. 

" Ours." 

"Why, mother," said he, "where did you got it?" 

She told him all the events of the morning, and of Jane's 
faith and confidence in God. Mr. Hall asked if it was not 
about ten o'clock that she got the flour. She told him it was; 
"but why did he ask?" 

Because, he told her, about that time he was so depressed in 
spirits that he could not work, and he prayed fervently to God 
that He would open the way that they might be able to get such 
things as they needed, and he said, " a spirit of peace rested 
on me from that time, and I knew that my prayers were 
answered." 

They shed tears of thankfulness together, and acknowledged 
the truth of the words of the i^salmist David, when he said : 
'' I have been young, and now am old; yet have I not seen the 
righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread." 

A. E. 



laHTHIYOLOCS-Y. 



11/ HAT a curious word! How thoroughly un-Euglish it 
) y looks and sounds; but do not be disgusted with it on that 
account, for when understood it is very expressive. It is a 
scientific term, and most of this class of words are as un-English 
in sound and appearance as this. They are nearly all taken 
from the Greek — a language that has not been spoken now for 
more than two thousand years. If, instead of this word, we 
had said " Something about Fishes," you would have had no 
difliculty in understanding it, and that is very nearly the 
meaning in English of ichthvdlog.y. 15ut it is not near so neat 
and, to those who understand Greek roots well, not near so 
expressive as iclithyology, which, made ui> of two words mean- 
ing a discourse on fishes, is the name given to the science which 
explains all about the structure and habits of the denizens of 
the deep. 

Some of you may roniombcr that, a few numbers back, we 
promised to tell you something about a few of the most curious 
fishes known to naturalists. In a short article like this, the 
sjiacc devoted to any particular one must necessarily be very 
brief, for we shall call your attention to fishes which shoot their 
prey; to others which hunt it like dogs trained to the business; 
and to others again which angle for it, with rod and line like 
anglers. Then others will be noticed wliich are armed with 
s]iear,'saw, knout and lasso, and finally, with the power to 
stun oT kill their enemies with an electric .shock. To all of 
these, in passing along, we sliall give a few words — enough to 
show that ichthyology, or tin- science which treats of the struc- 
ture and habits of fishes is not lacking in interest, and is perhaps 
as worthy the attention of the student of natural history as any 
other department of if. 

To some of you it may Vje new to hoar that in the ocean there 
are fish which catch their food with rod and line; and others that 
hunt and shoot their prey, and others again, which catch it with 



a lasso; but strange as this may all seem, it is true, if the 
researches and writings of naturalists are to be relied on; and in 
hopes of amusing and instructing you we shall tell you some- 
thing about a few of these curious fishes. 

The first we shall mention is the shooting fish, a beautiful 
little creature which inhabits the seas lying between India and 
Japan. His name is as curious as his habits, for he is called 
the chootodon. He is a sly cunning fish, this choetodon and 
delights occasionally in a dinner or supper of flies, which he 
always shoots before he eats. 

Most of you, we have no doubt, have sometimes amused 
yourselves and plagued your companions by blowing peas, 
grains of wheat, or something of this kind, through a small 
tube, made of tin, wood or the hollowed stem of some reed. 
Well, this is just the way the chootodon shoots his flies. His 
snout is an elongated tube, and, watching the fly on some 
spray, leaf or twig growing near the water's edge, he stealthily 
approaches, lifts his tube or popgun just above the water, 
and discharges one drop, with a good deal of force, at his 
game, causing the latter to fall, stunned, into the water, and 
then gobbles him up. Our sportsman very rarely misses his 
mark, and as the game he is after is plentiful, he soon bags 
enough for a meal. 

But curious as this is, it is even surpassed by the angler, 
which, with baited line, angles for his prey, and when caught 
deposits it in sacks, very much like nets, whence, when there 
is enough for a meal, he conveys them to his mouth. There 
are several species of the angler, but the most noted is the 
very ugly, ill-shapen frog fish. He has a large head, some- 
thing like that of a frog, from which is name his derived. He 
is occasionally caught in the British seas, and as a general thing 
is between two and three feet long, but is sometimes found six 
feet long. He has a very large mouth, and is a very clumsy fish, 
and consequently a poor swimmer. His fishing tackle consists 
of two stout tentacles, or fleshy rods, which grow from his nose, 
and are gradually tapered off, like ordinary fishing rods. From 
the end of each of these tentacles grows a very slender filament 
or thread — the fish lines — each of which terminates with a small 
morsel of membrane — the bait at the end of the lines. Being 
ugly enough to frighten everything off, and too clumsy to swim 
after his prey, the question may naturally be asked, "How 
docs he secure his food?" Cunning and his fishing tackle are 
brought into play to accomplish this, and in the following man- 
ner : Lying on the bottom of the ocean — he frequents shallow 
portions — he stirs up the mud with his tail and fins, and at the 
same time throws out liis fishing tackle, keo]nng his lines and 
bait moving briskly. The mud roils the water so that it com- 
pletely hides him, and the numerous little fishes on the look-out 
for a morsel eagerly seize the bait at the end of his lines, and 
arc instantly conveyed to his large nets for safe keeping. This 
process is repeated until game enough for a meal is netted, 
when the angler has a feast. 

There are several kinds of fish that hunt their prey, and run 
it down as dogs will a fox, among them the savage pike, and 
the favorite trout. But wo shall make special mention hero of 
the porpoise, herds, or rather shoals, of which are sometimes 
seen by the emigrants when crossing the Atlantic. They are 
very numerous, and as large numbers of thorn go together, and 
they roll and tumble over each other almost like a lot of bathers 
gambolling in shallow water, they are easily distinguished. 
The full grown poipoise is six feet long, and is covered about 
an inch thick with fat, beneath which the flesh appears, and that 
is a good deal like the flesh of the hog. Their snout is also 
.something like that of the hog, and they root in the mud for 
food. Because of these peculiarities tlie porpoise, in some 
parts of England, by dwellers on or near the sea coast, is called 
the porpoise pig. A jjorpoisc hunt, or rather a hunt by them 
for herring, mackerel, or sand eels, is said to be quite an excit- 
ing affair to those who witness it. They surround their prey. 



W 



^. 



a""Cr-7"BlTIXjE HTSTE/TTCTOE,. 



■^^§ 



191 



and gradually hem them into a small, and then a smaller space, 
until they are surrounded by a rampart of porpoises. A writer 
in an English journal furnishes an account of a hunt of this 
kind ■which he witnessed in the English Channel. The game 
was a shoal of sand eels, in full pursuit of which was a pack of 
porpoises. Every effort of the former to break the line of their 
enemies was in vain, and finally, completely edged in, they fell 
victims to the voracity of the latter. The movements of the 
porpoises were thorouglily systematic, and seemed to indicate 
as complete an understanding and concert of action among them 
as if they had been a well trained pack of dogs. 

Having now briefly noticed the shooting, angling and hunt- 
ing fishes, we will devote a short space to others equally as 
curious — those armed with formidable weapons. First among 
them we will mention the shark, whose jaws are an enormous 
pair of shears, and being provided with a large number of 
formidable teeth he can clip a man in two with very little effort. 
The shark probably occupies the same relative ])osition in the 
oceaa as the lion or tiger on the land — he is the king and dread 
of fishes as they are of beasts. 

Next to the shark, probably, is the sword fish, which not 
unfrequently weighs six hundred pounds. He is a ferocious 
fellow, and is armed with a terrible sword or dagger, which 
grows from his nose. With this weapon, when enraged, he 
sometimes pierces the bottoms of ships; but the great object of 
his life seems to be to kill the whale — the largest of all the 
denizens of the great deep. The saw fish is also a large and 
powerful fish, and a mortal enemy of the whale. Its weapon is 
a good deal like that of the sword fish, only it is jagged on each 
edge like the teeth of a saw. 

Some of you may have read about the knout — an instrument 
used in Kussia for the punishment of criminals. It is a whip, 
consisting of a number of leather and wire thongs plaited 
together, and is one of the most terrible instruments of torture 
known. Whether it was made in imitation of a weapon 
possessed by one of the denizens of the deep, we do not know; 
but it is certain that the tail of the thresher, or fox-shark very 
much resembles the Russian knout. The upper lobe of the tail 
of this fish is almost as long as the fish itself, and is curved like 
a scythe, and with it the fox-shark can and does inflict tre- 
mendous blows upon its opponents. Battles with the whale 
and the sword fish and fox-shark are quite common. The 
sword fish attacks the whale from below, driving him to the 
surface; when the fox-shark uses his knout like a battering ram 
on the body of the whale, driving him below again, and in this 
way the combat is continued until the whale is dispatched. 

The lasso with which most of you are familiar, is also a 
weapon possessed by fishes, and a large lasso, or devU, 
fish is one of the most terrible of old ocean's inhab- 
itants. These lassoes are like long slender arms, there 
being several to each fish. They surround the body of 
their possessor, the mouth of the creature being in the centre of 
the body, almost like a large hole or slit in the centre of a half 
dollar. Each of these lassoes is provided with a row of discs or 
suckers, and in catching its prey, or contending with its 
enemies it throws out its lassoes or arms, the suckers immedi- 
ately clinging thereto with the tenacity of death, and once 
caught escape is impossible, every struggle but strengthening the 
hold of the lasso. 

Other fishes have the power to give a strong electric shock 
to an enemy, the electric eel, being the most highly endowed 
in this particular. His power is so much dreaded by sailors 
that they invariably give him a long range, he by his shocks 
being able to render a man completely powerless. 

For fear of wearying you we will now close. The narwhal 
and other members of the piscatorial tribes curiously endowed 
might be mentioned, but enough has been said to show 
you that Nature in her developments in the great deep has 
afforded man models for many of the weapons of warfare which 



he possesses; and although they are regarded as the result only 
of human ingenuity and skill, it is very likely that the inven- 
tive genius of the early inhabitants of the world, who, it is safe 
to presume, were chiefly hunters and fishers, was stiumlated 
and developed by the models to be found in the animal creation. 



[ Kor the Juvenile Inslrtictor. 



^\t\\\h%ti ^"^ Cujitmnn- ®Tiiitn$, 



3S^ -A. ZR B L E . 



IT may be remembered that chalk, marble, limestone and 
coral are different forms of carbonate of lime; and that lime 
is the oxide of a beautiful white metal, one of the elementary 
bodies — calcium. Marble is sometimes very beautiful and 
when of the right kind for statuary purposes is very valuable. 
We have marble in several places in this Territory. Some of 
us may have noticed specimens of Utah marble exhibited by 
Messrs Morris and Evans, of this city, at the late Fair. 

There are many varieties of marble used for ornamental pur- 
poses that are not entirely carbonate of lime; even the cele- 
brated Carrara marble, known as Italian marble and extensively 
used both in ancient and modern times, contains sand and other 
ingredients mixed with it. Some of the colored marbles owe 
their color to oxides of various metals, iron especially; when 
that metal enters largely into the composition of any limestone, 
it is called "furruginoua limestone," and in mineralogy ferro- 
oalcite, from ferrum, iron. Limestone in which lead is present 
in large quantities, is called plumbo-calcite. from plumbum, lead. 

We may remember that all limestones are of marine origin; 
they were formed from mud at the bottom of ancient seas. 
They are being formed now in just the same way as they were 
formed anciently. Sea water contains carbonate of lime, some 
of this is food for the shell fish and corals; the bulk of it sub- 
sides and forms the bed of the ocean. When we see fossils 
imbedded in limestone we can understand the manner in which 
they came there : they died at the bottom of the sea and were 
gradually buried up in the mud. Sometimes very perfect 
specimens are found; these were such as were in positions favor- 
able to the preservation of their structure. It is true we do not 
see the fish, or shell, or coral, but merely a resemblance of the 
individual, the organic matter is replaced by inorganic, as 
noticed in a former article on petrifactions. 

Many of the colors of limestones were imparted by the 
decomposition of various animals, carbonaceous substances; 
thus, black limestones burn white because the carbon is con- 
sumed when making lime. If metallic oxides give the color to 
marble, the color given to a bead of borax will reveal the metal 
present. In some limestones the smell is such, when suddenly 
struck with a hammer, that the organic origin of the coloring 
matter may be known. When the odor of bitumen or petroleum 
is perceived B. B. (before the blowpipe), or in the fire, the 
color of the flame will reveal the presence of those bodies. 

As a general thing the variegated colors seen in bands and 
cloudings in marble, the different varieties of which give the 
beauty and character to them, when polished, are caused by 
mica, chlorite and serpentine, which were formed in them 
when crystalizing. Many changes have taken place in the sedi- 
mentary matter of ancient seas, pressure and heat especiall.v, as 
well as chemical changes have caused transftymations by which 
rocks have entirely lost their former character. Kocks that 
were formed by coral reefs ("madreporic marble"); "shell mar- 
ble," so called from the fossil shells it contains, and encrinoidal 
marble," that containing crinoidal remains, may be seen in 



-•^^^i 



> 



19S 



J"TJ"VEiTIIjE I3iTSTI^"CrO'TOi2/. 



'■^^^ 



vory difFeront states, according to the changes they have under- 
gone by the modifying action of heat and jn'obably by volcanic 
agency. 

"Ruin marble" is a kind of calcareous mud that received its 
character by the infiltration of the oxidj of iron; this kird, 
wlien polished, exhibits figures of castles, fortifications, temples, 
etc., in ruins, hence the name. " Landscape rock," ■which fre- 
quently resembles views of scenery as taken by an artist, is a 
rock that has derived its structure from organic matter buried 
up in calcareous sediment. 

The different marbles used lay the ancients, especially by the 
luxurious Romans, are now known as verd-autiquo, Parian mar- 
ble for statuary; Egyptian, Languedoc marble, etc., are used for 
architectural puri)oses. 

Marble may be decomposed by heat, the carbonic acid gas is 
thus driven off' and lime remains, in every respect it behaves 
like the common limestone. It ma"? be decomposed also by 
hydrochloric acid, in which experiment the lime unites with the 
chlorine of the acid, forming chloride of lime, and carbonic acid 
gas is liberated. Betti. 



BIBLE. 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY SCHOOLS, 



LESSON FOR SUNDAY, DECEMUnu IST, 18T2. 

— Wliat is the Bible ? 

. — The sacred Scriptures, containing the revelations of (iod. 

— By what other name is it eomnionly called '' 

—The Old and New Testament. 

—What did the Prophet Ezeldel call it? 

—The Stick of Judah. 

Why did he call it the Stick of Judah V 
—To distmguish it from the Stick of Ephraini. 
— 'Wliat is tiio Stick of Ephraim ? 
, — The Book of Mormon. 

— Wliat is the name of the first book in the Bible V 
, — Genesis. 

— Who wrote that book ? 
— Moses. 
— In the beginning what did God create ': 

•The heaven and tlie earth. 

In what condition was the earth '' 

■Without form and void. 

What was upon the face of the decj) ? 

Darkness. 
— What moved upon the face of tlic waters V 
.—The Spirit of God. 
, — Wliat was done on the first day V 
. — God said "Let there be liirht; and there was li'j,ht." 
—What did God do with the Ught ? 
. — He divided it from the darkness. 
—What did He call the liuht? 
—Day. 

— What (lid Tic call the darkness? 
.— Niirht. 

— What w.as done on the second d.ay '! 
. — (;od mp<ie the firmament, which he called heaven. 
— How was the firmament tituatcd ? 
— In the midst of the waters. 

LESSCS rOU SUNDAY, DECEMDCIt Sill, 1ST2. 

(J. — What was done on the third day ? 

A. — (iod caused the dry land to appear, which lie called earth. 

(J. — What were the waters then called ? 

A.— Seas. ♦ 

il. — What did God cause the eartli to bring forth ? 

A. — Gra33, herbs and trees. 

il. — Wliat was done on the fourth day ? 

A. — God made lights in the firmament of the heaven. 



Q 
A 

Q- 

A 

Q. 
A 
Q. 

A. 

t), 
A, 
Q 
A 

Q. 

A 
A. 

n- 

A. 
(.'• 
A. 

Q. 
A 
I), 
A 

Q. 

A 

(). 
A, 

Q. 

A. 

(1. 
A. 

IJ. 
A 



Q.— For what pui-pose did God make these lights? 

A. — For signs and for seasons, .and for days and years. 

(i. — How many great lights were placed in the heavens ? 

A.— Two. 

Q. — What was the greater Ught for ? 

A. — To rule the day. 

tj. — What was the lesser light for ? 

A. — To rule the night. 

CJ. — What was done on the tifth d,ay ? 

A. — God created the lish in the sea, and Ihe fowls in the air. 

Q. — What did God say when He lilcsscd them V 

A. — Be fruitful and multiply. 

Q. — What was done on the sixth day? 

A. — God created every living thing upon the earth. 

Q. — Who was to have dominion over the earlh ? 

A.— Man. 

Q. — In what form was man created ? 

A. — "God created man in His own image and likeness, male and 
female created He them." 

Q. — When God blessed them, what did He say ? 

A. — Be fruitful and multiply, and reiJenish the earth and isubdnc it? 

Q. — What else were the}' to have dominion over ? 

A. — The fish of the sea, the fowl of the air, and over every living 
thing upon the earth. 

Q. — What food did God say He had prepared for man? 

A. — Fruit and herbs hearing seed. 

Q. — What food had God prepared for the fowls of the air and beasts 
of the earth ? 

A. — Every green herb. 

Q. — After God had made everything how did Tic look upon the 
result of His work. 

A.— lie saw it was very good. 

( To he contimted, ) 



%tlu%th 3t^t%t\\. 



HIOAAT- TO BE BB.i^TJTIETJI-. 
■WBIBIsr OLB. 



How to be beautiful when old ? 

I can tcll'you, maiden fair — 
Not by lotions, dyes and pigments; 

Not by washes for j'our hair. 
While you're young be pure and gentle; 

Keep your passions weU controlled. 
Walk, work, and do your duty. 

You'll bo handsome when j'ou're old. 

Snow-white locks are fair as golden, 

G rey as lovely as the bro^m, 
And the smiles of age more pleasant 

Than a youthful beauty's frown. 
'Tis the soul that shapes the features, 

Fires the eye, attunes the voice; 
Sweet sixteen, be these your maxims, 

When you're sixty you'll rejoice. 



O.NE cannot always lie a hero, but one may always be a man. 



Is pu Wished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

I'Ungle Copy, per Annum ?2 50. 

j)S- Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will be 
received at the office of our paper— Deseuet News Buildings, 



*<^. 




