
VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 28, 18G9. 



NO. 18. 



T h: E B E S 



ONCE the capital of Efr3'pt, when she was mistress of the : Their niorle of writing, too, was different, figures of objects, 
nation-, prouJly stood the city of Thebes; part of the ruins such as horses, men, birds, beasts and fishes, were used to sig- 
of which are represented in the annexed cut. Seen at the time nify letters The principle upon which this was done may be 
of inundation, or, annual overflow of ihe Nile, we ^et but a seen in some of our children's pi'-ture books where A is repre- 



sented by an Archer, B by a Butcher, C by a Captain, etc. 
The initial, or fir^t letter of an object gave the sound they 
wishtd to convey; a lion gave the sound of the letter L; a cap 
the sound of C, etc ; and the order in which these objects were 
placed gave the sense, or meaning. The Hebrew alphabet is 




faint conception of the grandeur of this city, even now that she 
is in ruins. To use the words of one who visited this jilace: 
"No words can impart a perception of the profusion of pillars, 
standing, prostrate, inclining against each other, broken and 
whole. Stones of a gigantic size propped up by pillars, and 
pillars again resting upon stones which appear ready to crush , somewhat similar in its origin, for the letters signify objects, 
the gazer under their sud- 
den fall; yet, on a second 
view, he is convinced that 
nothing but an earthquake 
could move them. All 
these pillars, covered with 
sculpture, perhajis three 
thousand years old, tlmugh 
fresh as if finished but 
yesterday, — not of >iro 
tesque and hidi^uus objects. 
such as we are accustomei 
to associate with idtas o 
Egyptian niytliulogy, but 
many of the figures ul 
gods, warriors and horses 
much larger than life, yet 
exhibiting surpassing 
beauty and grace." 

The pillars seen in the 
plate are supposed to rep 
resent the ruins of ibt 
palace or temple of Mem 
non, at Thebes, a grcai 
structure celebrated ii 
history; the flowers in"'lh( 
foreground are i*be loius. 
or lily which gn w.s ou tl e 
banks of the Nile. 

Thebes, which is sup- 
posed to have been twenty- 
seven miles in circuuiferenw, was a city of great opulence. 
Civilization, or tlie art of building cities, with its attendant 
advantages had attained to great perfection. The style of 
building was. however, very different to that of our day. 
Then, men built as if they were giants, and as if they intended 
to live forever, 
they cut their records in the rocks of which their templet 




Aleph, or A, means an ox; Beth, orB, a house; Gimel, or G, a 
came', etc., 

This kii d of writing may have been the earliest discovered- 
no doubt improveiui iits would soon be made upon a method so 
tediou.s. Only fancy having to represent a nail, an eagle, and a 
Then instead of recording their histoiy in books I watch. Then a yacht, an (u-gan, a rake, and a key, or somT 

other suitable object on a letter addres.sed to New Yoi-kl Tt 



palaces, and public buildings were made. 



seems thit the ancient Egyptians had also other modes of writ- 



'C^ 



I 






138 



J" TJ "V" E Isr I H. E IITSTI^TJGTOI^, 



'fQ^ 



n 



ing whicli were more concis aud expeiitiou-s, aiid apijroaolied 
nearer to tlie present furm of writing, than tiie hieroglypiiics, 
of wliicii we have been speaking. 

As to the origin or early history of Thebes it maybe probably 
sought for in that of the Egyptians, themselves, for that city 
gave Pharaohs or kings to that people for many ages of htr 
early history, nnd through all the period of her glory. From 
the Bible we find that Ham was the father of the Egyptians; 
the "book of Abraham" also shows that they deri e from him. 
The name of Egypt, as handed down by ihe hieroglyphics,"sig- 
nifies "the land of Ham." In the mythological system of the 
Egyptians Ham was one of their deities, (jbddon, in writing 
on this subjei:t says, "We know that Egvpt was termed Ham, 
or K/ieme, by the Eg\-ptians, from the earliest period ot hiero- 
glyyhical writing;" — Ham Kah Haiu i>and 

To describe all the wonders of this ancient city, as given bv 
historians, or even to name those now seen au.ong the ruins 
.scattered over a surface of many miles would require a volume. 
Now, "there are fmr towns erected upon the site of this city." 
Ancient temples and palaces, even the roofs of the most elevatid 
buildintrs are now used tor villages, in which the modern Egypt 
ians dwell. Time, the great destroyer of works of art, ha> 
failed, after thousands of years, to even deface some of the 
enormous "obelisks," or pillais, and "pmpyla" or gateways 
which adorned the entrances to the sacred edifices; colossal 
statues of the hardest granite which ajpeu- as fiesh as if cut 
yesterday, bear sileut testimony to the magnificence of ancient 
Thebes. 

Huw changed the aspect of things as seen in this picture. 
The sacred lotus, once a cherished e:'iblem of nationality, i.-- 
no longer an ohject of respect. The river Nile, once an object 
of worship by the people, as the (ranges is now by the piH)ple 
of India, is no louircr thought worthy of admatinn. The river 
still overflows its banks to fertilize the .^oil, but tiiere is no 
mirth or festivity Uhuii the waters. Instead of a long line ot 
stately galleys containing the "gods" or idols ot Egypt, accom- 
panied by thousands 01 devotees rending the air with theii 
acclamations, all is silent n nv. Kor the lordly bark decked in 
giiy colors moving >wittly over the merry waters keeping time 
to the .>oftest niu ic, theie is only the ferry boat to convey the 
curious traveler froin place to place. How are times changed 
since Thebes was as the pnet says: 

"The world's siri'iit einpress <in the EiTvptiari plaia, 
ThatspreicI 1 er rOiKiUfst "'er a Lhini>aiitl s'.iLes, 
And poured Imr lifoes tl)ri>uiih •» luunli'ed gales; — 
Two Miiiidieil lioiweiuen, Kod two luiii ired cars 
From eaeU wide portal issuing to tUe waro!" 



.A-ivTonsrc 



Ji'ur the Juvenile iHStructor. 

C H A P T E 11 V . 



A BE.^Il— BIHD.S ,VND SE.\LS. 



<(3^ 



"ITTE have now arrived at the I'lown Prince Islands, generally 
IT called the Whale Fish I.-^lands. This group is situated 
in the Bay of Disco, thirty miles north of the island oi that 
name. There are no sijiis of fertility or vegetation on these 
is ands; they are rocky, rough and rugged. 8ea-swallows and 
kittiwakes are tlying around and over the rocks, which seem to 
be the only living creatures on the islands. But icebergs are 
plenty, never no lack of them of all shai)es and sizes; they are 
no longer objects of curiosity to us, but have become quite 
an ordinary sight. We have now as much as we can do to 
keep warm, we are getting daily iiHo a colder country; and some 
days it is as much as wj cuu do to keep from becoming frozen 



up in the ice which gathers around the ve.-.sel. And this ia 
our fate while our friends at home are oppressed with heat and 
enjoying a dish of ice cream as a freat luxury, no doubt. All 
very natural to them of course this hot, broiling month of July. 
What a pity we cannot box up some of these monstrous bergs 
around us and send them home, that our friends might have 
some idea of us and our surroundings. Ice a luxury, indeedl 
Ice cream delicious! What an idea! 

Yesterday was the Fourth of July, and a novel fourth it was, 
to us at least; instead of fanning our.-elves to keep cool we 
worked to keep warm; played football upon the ice, snowballed 
our Iriends of the JuvENii.E, for which we, in return, got our 
pay, and all hands generally were glad at last to take refuge 
within the walls of our only shelter. 

To-day several seals have been seen upon the ice, but upon 
our making the least movement in their direction they dodge 
into their holes, out of sight and safe fiom the reach of rifle 
balls; so we are prevented even a shot at them, let alone a taste 
of them. Selfish creatures! to be so unwilling to sacrifice even 
one of their number w!ien we are almost starving for fresh 
meat. They cut all kinds of pranks upon the ice, wriggling, 
squirming and tumbling; but if we i>ttempt to get within gun- 
shot of them they dive tor their lives. We see the white gull, 
also an inhabitant of this region; a beautiful bird of so spotless 
a white that were it m t fir its bl lek legs it could not be seen 
at any distance upon the snow. There are various other kinds 
of birds, natives of this region; some days they come fl>ing 
around the vessel and over our heads, and again for days at a 
time we see no signs of life. There are the siiveiy gulls, the 
mollemokes, terns and many others. But what is that moving 
so slowly along, off there about half a mile from the vessel? 
Ah! a Polar bear, the first wi have seen; a yellow tellow with a 
blue-black nose Now, .Mr. Bruin, it seems as though you 
Would make a good mark to shoot at; ju~t please stand still and 
let some or our huntcis try, and if you prove good we will 
promise not to shoot you again. W hat! he trots away without 
ever heeding our appeal, as though it was a very small affair 
tor us to be hungry for a taste of him; and that is the way we 
are treated by both seals and bears; they think they are too 
go d to be eaten; perhaps they do not like the ide of being 
di>hed up in the latest modern style; if we had you on deck, 
.\Ir Bruin, we should care very little in regard to your opinion 
us to how you should be served, we would treat you as best 
suited imr tastes and with very little ceremony too. But never 
mind, perhaps we will get some of your relatives to feast on 
before we go home. VVho knows? 

On we go, further and tur.her to the north each day, past 
the settlement of Jppernavik, up through Lancaster Sound 
and past the i.sland of North Devon; some days in clear water 
without any ice to obstruct our passage, anu the n again we can 
hardly make any progress from morning till night. 

A month has sped away since we left the Crown Prince Islands, 
and du ing that time our progress has been slow. We some- 
times come across the Omiak or woman's boat returning from 
a seal hunt. These are built of the same material as the 
Kaya k, and much on the same p. an, only they are larger and 
capable of holding nioic persons. Sometimes the Esquimaux 
take these boats and go on a seal hunt, and return with them 
glled with seal meat and skins. The women accompany thg 
men on these hunts. 

Yesterday our friends of the Juvenile killed a bear; for 
fr end.-hip's sake they sent us over a quarter, with the request 
that we would return the compliment with a piece of our bear. 
But "our bear" still trots around and is in no condition to temp^ 
the pdates of the members of the Juvenile Arctic Expedition. 
A little black fox took a notion today that our vessels were 
(iuecr looking objects, aud accord. ugly he came along side, that 



kte» 



\t 



^'^^• 



«w^ 



0" XT "^r E IsT Z I_i E3 IIsrSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



■^^§ 



139 



he might hav • a closer view, not thinking there was any possi- 
bility of his being nabbed, but as true as he is a fox we made 
Iiim our prisoner, and he is now an inmato of our caliin, a 
free show to our friends on the other ship if they want to look 
at him He constitutes our menagerie, and evidi ntly thinks 
himself a very imi)ortant little animal. Well, you sly little 
fellow, you dill not think you were goinu lo have a sail on the 
ocean, did you? Suppose we take you home with us and show 
you to our friends. Now, you need not beg to be unoagi^d, for 
it will do you no good, we have heard of your sly tricks and il' 
you were let loose there is no knowing what you might do, so 
you may as well make up your mind lo stay wh^re you are, and 
go with us and try a warmer climate, for w.' have just come to 
the conclusion that this country is getting a little too co d for 
us and so we are "homeward bound." 

Rajitha. 
(7b he Continued) 



For the Juvenile Inslrucl07\ 



%Ji$m>h%t\^ ul €ommott ®riittp. 



S TJ Ij I^* H TJ I?. 



THIS element is a solid, of a pale yellow color, insoluble in 
water, and crystahne in structure. It is sometimes found 
pure in the vicinity of volcanic rocks, but more frequently in 
combination with metals. It is useful in the manufacture of 
gunpowder and matches. It is also used in medicine, and 
la gely in the manufacture of sulphurous and sulphuric acid. 
It is interesting for us to know that this valuable substance is 
found in our Territory, and that it has been successfully brought 
into the market by one of our brethren, among our home pro 
ducfji. Sulphur i obtained at Coveville from which sulphu'ic 
acid of great strength, that is of a high specific gravity, has 
been made, for the value ot this acid is determined by its 
weight as compared u-ith water. 

When sulphur is burned in th" open air it unites with oxj-gen, 
forming sulphurous acid; in this condition only '2 atoms of 
oxygen have united with one atom of sulphur, (S 2 0) to form 
sulphuric acid aiiother atom of oxygen has to be taken up. 
This is done by a process which ishighly interesti:gand in^tiuc 
live, but in practi e requires expensive apparatus. Leaden 
chambers h- ve to be procured, they have to be made in a 
peculiar wa' hey mus' not be .soldered with another metal, or 
the corros'iV- acid will destroy them. 

We have seen ihat sulphur burned m air forms S 2 O (sul 
phurous acid,) in practice this is burned with a little nitre. Tliis 
gas has to patss into the leaden chamber, where it meets with 
nitrous acid, N 4 O and the vapor of water prepared for this 
purpose. Here a chang-) takes place which is difficult to 
explain withcmt diagrams or figures to illustnte the proces.s. 
1st, ihe gas which entered the charubei-, and the nitrous acid 
and vapor of water, already in the chamber, unite to form a 
coujpound, crystals of which fall down in the chamber like a 
shtiwei of snow. At the bottom of the chamber is some water 
wbieli decomposes this substance, when the sulphurous acid 
unites with the oxygen of the nitrous acid, thus becoming 
sulphuric acid (S 3 0.) This dianges the nitrous acid N 4 O 
into the deu'oxide of nitrogen (N 2 O,) which lias been spoken 
of before. For, 2 atoms of S 2 (J plus N 4 and water is 
equal to 2 atoms of S 3 plus N 2 U and water. The sul- 



1^5^ 



phuric acid thus formed dissolves in the water, and the nitrous 
gas rises into the air of the chamber where it absorbs oxygen 
from the air to become nitrous acid, and be used again in the 
Drocdss ot manufacture. Much more than this has to be done 
to piepare the acid for the market, which need not be 
explained. 

Su phur also unites with carbon, C 2 S. This is a very 
usjful coiup (und India rubber and gutta percha are readily 
dissolved iij it, clius elisti c varnishes are prepared lor water- 
proofing fabrics. This is prepared by passing the vapor of 
sulpiiur over lel hot charcoal, when 2 atoms of sulphur unite 
With one ot carbon. 1 his is condensed into the bi-.-ulphuret 
of carbon, a very volatile and inflammable liquid, its foriuulu 
C2t5. 

Sulphur is also used in preparing the vulcanized india rub- 
b.T. The pulverized sulphur is worked up with a pa^te of 
''native" rubber and exposed to heat. The india lubber then 
becomes permanently e astic, extreme cold does not then affect 
it as it does the "native" or natural gum. 

Th re are many other elements with which sulphur unites, 
which need not be named in this 1 sson. Should we wisn to 
form the celebrated "medals of sulphur," such as are found in 
the cabinet.' of the cui ious, we can do so by boiling the sulphur 
at a hi^h temperature. Place some in an iron ladle, put it on 
the fire to melt. When it gets thick am pasty let it continue 
on the tire until it again melts freely. Presently it will again 
become pasty. If it is then thrown into cold water it may be 
kneaded like dough and drawn nto str ngs. In this state it 
may be p essed inio moulds, or laid upon a coin, or medal, when 
It will take the impress. on. In this way, with a little practice, 
beautiful works if art may be made at little expense. 

We have aiso sulphate of lane in our rocks, (gypsum) this is 
of great value to the plasterer, and, when finely ground, and 
properly prepared small statues may be made of it. It is also 
valuable as a fertilizer. Sulphate of copper, sulphate of iron, 
aiiu a su phate of alumina with manganese (alum) are found in 
our rocks. Sulphuialed hydrogen gas may be detected by its 
disagreeable odor at the warm spiings. And in a great variety 
of forms we are -urroundeJ by this element. liETU. 

{To be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

O H ^A^ K. -^ 3D E . 



BY ELIZABETH L. BARFOOX. 



I am a word of six letters. 

My 3, 4, 5, 6 is uselul in building. 

My 6, 3, 4, 2, is an aniiijal ol the chase. 

My 3 1, 6, is a tree. 

My 5, 6. 3, 4, 2, is useful in tvery part of the world. 

.^ly 5, 3, 4, is found on every i ailroad. 

My who.e is Uteful in every house. 



THE FLY AND THE BEE.-.V fly once said to a bee, 
''Tell me, my friend, how it is that no one pursues and torments 
you as they do me? I have to protect my little life from evoiy 
one, but \ou fly about in the air gathering honey unforbidden 
from the fluwers. If I venture to put out my trunk tn reach 
a crust of bn ad, or peichance to dip into some more dainty 
dish, death threatens me on the spot. I think if I could 
stmg. and thus take vengc^ance on my foes as thou canst, that 
I should be left in peace." 

"You are mistaken," replied the bee. "A much surer pro- 
tection to mc IS that by diligence I serve mankind." 






© 







J"D"V"S!l^irjII! I3^STI2.TJOTOI^ 



^j 



Ci 



if 

I 



®Tu Sit&cn1i(^ Jitsfrurfar* 



^^ 



i:T>iTon. 



GI^i>rtGli; Q. CATVIVOIV, 

SATURDAY, AUGUST 2 8. 18fi9. 




HI1jT>RKN, whom do 3'ou choo«e for j-our 
companions? Do j-ou slmn tlie company 
of boj's and ^\y\s who tell lies, who use 
vulgar lanauage, who are disobedient? ]t 
is of the utmost importance that ever}- 
bodj; should be particular about the company 
heorshekeepsjbut children especiallyshould 
be careful not to mingle with those who 
would lead them astray. II we know a 
man's companions, who they are with whom 
sits and associates, though we may not know 
; man himself, we can form a vor3' correct idea 
kind of a man he is. It is an old and veiy 
saying that 'birds of a feather will flock 
slher " A man can be known by his compan- 
he goes with people who are weak in the 
iio murmur, who do not obey counsel, and 
abits are not good, a person can not bo far 
wrong in forming the conclusion that he is also a man 
of that kind; for if he were not, how could he enjoy himself in 
their societj-? 

So also with children. If a boy goes with rude, ignorant, 
disobedient boys, it is becaus-^ he takes pleasure in their society 
and is like them. Bo3's and girls, therefore, should be very 
careful about the company they k'^ep. They should select 
good company. If possible, they should mingle with those who 
have more knowledge than themselves, so that they may im- 
prove in their manners and in their minds. This is of great 
importance. We have known many boys ruined by bad 
companions. They have thought their ;H<.0'iates were clever, 
good fellows, and they did not see their iauks. But a boy may 
be a generous, clever fellow, and yet not be a suitable compan- 
ion. Besides being generous he should have faith; he should 
love the Lord, he should honor his parents, he should be truth- 
ful, honest and virtuous, he should not bo vulgar. When 
children, or grown people choose companions these are the 
qualities which they should possess. Better be without friends 
than have those who are not of this character. 

In our boj'hood wo knew boys who sought fir friends of this 
do.-cription. They would n(it call any boy a friend or companion 
who did not have these qudities. They have grown up and 
become men who are hotiored and respected. God and His 
servants have c;)tifidence in them. We knew other boys then 
also who were not thus particular. If a boy was of a tree, 
jovial disposition, he was all right; they liked him. His con- 
versation .incl his style plca-^cd them. It was not faith or 
goodniss they looked for in th ir companions. We look around 
to day for the boys who cho.se such companions; but many of 
them are not here. Those who are have not be onie such men 
as they miglit have been. They are trifling and unreliable. 
But the greatest number of those boys wlio are living are 
apostates or away frotu the Church. They have grown up to 
be worthless luen; bad companionship ruined them. 
Children, in .selecting companions and friends see, 
1st, that they love God. 
2nd, that they honor and obey tlieir parents. 
3iJ, that they are viituous. 



4th, that t^liey are truthful. 

fiLli, that they are honest. 

(Uh, that they are not vulgar in their language and manners. 

If you have a comi anion who does not po.ssessthe.se qualities 
shun his society, unless he reponts and forsakes his evil ways. 
There are many other qu:dities which might be mentioned; 
but these are of tlie first importance. 



TSIE 



l^dl J^ G- 1? I E . 



a: HIE 



AN owl and a magpie disputed one day concerning the nature 
ofwi.sdoni. The owl said that it was best shown by a 
solenm demeanor, a wise look, and a silent tongue. The mag- 
pie, on the other hand, claimed that it would find its chief 
expression in words. The owl enforced his views by a prolonged 
silence, while the magpie talked incessantly, whenever he could 
find a listener. 

It happene I, shortly afterwards, that fortune favored the two 
birds with an opportunity of testing their respective theories. 
They were both caught in a trap and brought into the presence 
of a crowd of men and boy.s. To the questions they asked, the 
owl answered nothing, but the magpie kept up such a clatter 
that no one else could be heard. 

They wore both killed — the one as a stupid fowl t! at knew 
nothing and could say nothing; the other, as a noisy chatter- 
bos. 

Said a contemplative jay bird, that had witnessed the tragic 
scnefrom his perch, at a safe di.^tance: 

"True wisdoiu consists neither in keeping silence nor in much 
speaking, but in being able to say the righi. thing at thj right 
time. A few jiidicious words might have saved the life of 
the owl. Had the magpie known when to be silent he would 
not so miserably have perished." — Selected. 



OVERCOME DIIVFICULTIES.— Don't be discouraged at 
little things; nor at big things, either. There is scarcely any 
difficulty tnat a strong effort may not overcome. The boy that 
often says "I can't," rarely, if ever, makes a great and useful 
man. 

If the sum is a hard one, and you fail to get the right answer 
at the first or second trial, go at it again with a more determined 
effort. Little boys and girls, by scores and hundreds, have 
found the answer after which you are seeking, and so may you 
if you will. If the lesson is difficult, re.solve to master it, as 
others have done, and the resolutijn will give clearness and 
strength to your mind. 

Dou't take your place among drones and dullirds, but among 
the brave and strong, to whom success is sure. 



A WISE CHOICE.— A little girl having one d.iy read to 
her teacher the first twelve versos of the fifth chajiter of the 
Gospel by Matthew, he asked her to stop and tell liitu which 
of these holy tempers, said by our Lord to be hles.scd, she 
should most like to have. She paused a little, and then said 
with a modest smile: "I would rather be pure in heart." Her 
teacher asked her why she chose this above all the rest. ''Sir," 
she said, "if I had a pure heart, I should have all the' other 
graces spoken of in the chapter." 

Guard against reading too much, or too rapidly. Eead 
rather with attention; lay the book often down; impress on your 
mind what you have read and reflect upon it. 



^^e? 




0" TJ "V" El I^ I Xj E insrSTK.TJOTOE.. 



141 



THIE 



irxjO"V7":E!K.s 

IFIELID. 



JFor the Juvenile Instrticior. 

OIF THE 



TO-DAY we liave a picture of a liappj', little boy and girl^ 
who, with their moflier, are rambling through a pleasant 
wood, and as they stroll along they again and again cull the 
bright flowers that blossom in the shade of the giant trees of 
the forest. We nearly all love flowers, the beauty of their 
tender buds appeals to our hearts, and we think of the care 
that God has bestowed upon them, wliere in the deep woods 
they bud and blossom far away from the homes of men. There 
they remind us of the words of Jesus, who taught his disciples 
that ' 'even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed as one of 
tliese." They dre as "the smiles of God's goodness," and 




teach us to trust in Him. For we can well believe that He 
who cares for the tiny violet or lovely rose, will not forget us. 
His children. 

There are scarcely any who have grown old on the earth, who 
do not look back with feelings which they cannot describe, to 
their rambles in the fields and forests in the days of their 
childhood. The flowers were then amongst the first objects to 
attract their notice, and the joy they felt is yet a pleasing 
recollection to their latest years; indeed 

"In all places, then, anrl in all seasons. 

Flowers expand tb<-ir light and soul-like wingSj 
Teaeliinn us, by the most persuasive reasons, 

How akin tliey are to human things. 
And with cliiUUike, ciedul'ius atl'ecLion, 

We behold their teiidur buds expai.d 
Emblem of our own grfat resurrection, 

Emblems of the bright and better land." 

Again there are the sturdy giants of the forest whose glory 
is their strength and beauty. How pleasant it is to sit beneath 
their shade, doing nothing, saying little and thinking less, or 
to lay in dreamy repose and watch their boUghs shaken by the 



breeae and wonder wliy they are all sc! mueli alikd and yet so 
different that no two trees are exactly the same, not even two 
leaves on the same tree. 1 here is the "brave old oak," which 
looks as if it had braved a thousand storms and could dobattla 
with a thousand more; the graceful birch, the wide spread elm, 
the lofty poplar, the sombre pines, or to use the words of the 

pO-'t 

"Relow the tre/s unnumbered risSj 

B autiful in various dyes; 

'J'he gloomy pine, tlje poplai- blue. 
The yellow befech, the soinbre yeW, 
Tlie blender tir, that taper prows. 

The sturdy oak, wiih broad-spread boughs.'' 

AH these speak of the watchcal-e and love of God. All wei-t? 
tllade for man's benefit. He alone can enjoy the delicate tints 
of the flowers of the vale or mountain or appreciate the gloi-y 
of the woods and forests. 

Then again how many of his wants they stipt^lj', hoW many 
luxuries they give to his comfort. We look around us and we 
see the wood of the oak, the pine, and many otlier trees used 
to build our houses, to make our chairs; tables, and bedsteads, 
to construct our bridges, and to frame our ships. We taste the 
delicious fruits and nuts that grow in our orchards, we clothe 
ourselves in cotton and linen, we administer the oil ot the alive 
to the sick, we use many medicines that are either the leaves, 
flowers, bark or loots of some tree or plant, whilst in other 
lands wo know that men are tolling to manufacture from trees 
many articles for our use; spices, India rubber, and a thoUsahd 
other things. Indeed in some far distant lands, where the 
people require little, a single tree will supply them with all ihey 
want. Its fruit is their food, its juice their drink, its leaves 
their clothing, and its shade their home. 

When we reflect upon these things, children, do they not fill 
us with feelings of thankfulness that God has so bounteously 
supplied our every want? G. R. 



THIS 



T\JK.E. 



From 



'Triumphs of Invention and Discovert." — Pub- 
lished by T. Nelson ct iSojis, 



[concluded.] 

JOSEPH Marie Jacquard; the inventor of the lootn which 
bears his name, and to whom the extent and prosperity of 
the silk manufacture of our time is mainly due, was born at 
Lyons in 1752, of humble parents, both of whom were Weavers. 
His father taught him to ply the shuttle; but for education of 
any other sort, he was left to his own devices. He managed 
to I irk up some knowledge of reading and writing for himself; 
bat his favorite occupation was the construction of little models 
of houses, towers, articles of furniture, and so on, which he 
executed with much taste and accuracy. On being si^prentlced 
to a type-founder, he exhibited his aptitude for mechanical 
contrivances by inventing a number of improved tools for the 
use of the workmen. On his father's death he set up as a 
manufacturer of figured fahrics; but although a skilful workman, 
he was a bad manager, and the end of the undertaking was, 
that he had to sell his looms to pav his debts. He married, 
but did not receive the dowry with his wife which he expected, 
and to sui'port his family had to sell the house his father had 
left him,— the last remnant of his little heritage. The invention 
of numerous ingenious machines for weaving, type-foundingy 
etc., proved the activity of his genius, but produced not a faf- 
thing for the maintenance of his wife and child. He took 
service with a lime-maker at Brest, while his wife made and 



w 





j-xj^En^iXjE insrsTi^/TJOToi^ 



^•i 



'C-* 



9/yi 



sold straw hats in a httie shop at Lyons. He solaced himself 
for the drudgepi- of his labors by spending his leisure in the 
study of machines forfi.L'ure-weavin!.'. The idea of the beautiful 
apparatus which he afterwards perfected began to dawn on hira, 
but for the time it was driven out of his mind by the stirring 
transaction^ of the time. The whirlwind of the llevolution 
was sweeping through the land. Jacquard ardently embraced 
the cause of the people, took part in the gallant defence of 
Lyons in 1793, fled lor his life on the reduction of the city, and 
with his son — a lad of sixteen— joined the army of the Khine. 
His boy fcli by his side on the field of battle, and Jacquaid. 
destitute and broken-hearted, returned to Lyons. His house 
had been burned down; his wife was nowhere to be heard of. At 
Lngth he discovered her in a miserable garret, earning a bare 
subsistence by plaiting straw. For want of other employment 
he shared her labois, till Lyons began to rise from its ruins, to 
rec')ver iis scattered population, and revive its industry. Jac- 
quard applied himself with renewed energj' to the completion 
of the machine ot which he had, before the Revolution, con- 
ceived the idea; exhitiited it at the National Exposition of the 
Products of Industiy in 1801; and obtained a bronze medal and 
a ten years' patent. 

Duiing the peace of Amiens, Jacquard happened to take up 
a newspaper in a cabaret which he frequented, and liis eye fell 
on a translated extract from an English journal, stating that a 
prize was offered by a society in London for the construction of 
a machine for weaving net.s. As a mere amusement he turned 
his thoughts upon the subject, contrived a number of models, 
and at last solved the problem. He made a machine and wove 
a little net with it. One day he met a friend who had read the 
paragraph from the English paper. Jacquard drew the net 
from his pocket saying, "Oh! I've got over the difficulty! see, 
there is a net I have made" After thit he took no more 
thought about the matter, and had quite forgotten it, when he 
wjs startled by a summons to appear at the Piefectal Palace. 
The prefect received him very kindly, and expressed his aston- 
ishment that his mechanical genius should so long have remained 
in obscurity. Jacquard could not imagine how the prefect had 
discove ed Ins mechanical experiments, and began vaguely to 
dread thai he had got into some shocking scrape. He stam 
mered out a sort of apology The prefect was surprised he 
shiiuld d-ny his own talent and said he had been informed that 
he had invented a machine for weaving nets. Jacquard owned 
that he had. 

"Well, then, you're the right man after all," said the prefect. 
"I have orders from the emperor to .send the machine to Paris." 

"Yes, but you must give me time to make it," replied Jac- 
quard. 

Li a week or two Jacquard again presented himself at the 
palace with his machine and a half manufactured net. The 
prefect was eager to see how it worked. 

"Count the number of loops in that net," said Jacquard, 
"and then strike the bar with your foot." 

The prefect did so; and wa< surprised and delighted to see 
another loop added to the number. 

"Capital" cried he. "1 have his majesty'.? orders, M. Jac- 
quard to .--end you and your machine to Paris." 

"To Parib! How can that be? How can i leave my business 
here?" 

"Ihere is no help for it; and not only must you go to Paris, 
but you must start at once, without an hour's delay." 

"If it must be, it must. I will go home and pack up a little 
bundle, and tell my wife a out my journey. I shad be ready to 
start tc-morrow." 

"To-morrow won't do; you must go to-day. A carriage is 
wailing to take you to I'aris; and you must not go home. I 
will send to your house fur any things you want, and convey 



any message to your wife. I will provide you with money for 
the journey." 

There was no help for it, so Jacquard got into the carriage, 
along with a gendarme who was to take charge of him, and 
wondered, all the way to Paris, what it all meant. On reaching 
the capital he was taken before Napoleon, who received him in 
a very condescending manner. Carnot, who was also present, 
could not at first comprehend the machine, and turning to the 
inventor, exclaimed rou^'hly, "What, do you pretend to do 
what is beyond the power of man? Can you tie a knot in a 
stretched string?" Jacq lard, not at all disconcerted, explained 
the construot'on of his machine so simply and clearly, as to 
convince the incredulous minister that it had accomplished what 
he had hitherto deemed an impossibility. 

Jac(|uard was now employed in the Conservatory of Arts and 
Manufactures to repair and keep in order the models and 
machines. At this time a magnificent shawl was being woven 
in one of the government works for the Empress Josephine. 
Very costly and complicated machinery was employed, and 
nearly £1,000 had already been suent on it. It appeared to 
Jacquard that the shawl might be manufactured in a much 
simpler and less eipensive manner. He thought that the 
principle of a macine of Vaucousin's might be applied to the 
operation, but found it too complex and slow. He brooded 
over the subject, made a great many experiments, and at last 
succeeded in contriving an improved apparatus. 

He returned to Lyons to superintend the introduction of his 
machine for figure-weaving and the manufacture of nets. The 
former invention was purchased for the use of the people, and 
was brought into use very slowly. The weavers of Lyons 
denounced Jacquard as the enemy of the people, w ho was 
striving to destroy their trade, and starve thems'lves and fam- 
ilies, and used every effort to prevent the introduction ot his 
machine. They wilfully spoiled their work in order to bring 
the new process into di-^credit. 'J he machine was ordered to be 
destroyed in one of the public squares. It was broken to 
pieces, — the ironwork was sold for old metal, and the wood- 
work for faggots. Jacquard him.self had, on one occasion, to 
be rescued irom the hands of a mob who were going to throw 
him into the Rhone. 

Before Jacquard's death in 1835, his apparatus had not only 
made its way into every manufactory in France, but was used 
in England, Switzerland, (J-ermany, Italy and America. Even 
the Chinese condescended to avail themselves of this invention 
of a "barbarian." 

Jacquard's apparatus is, strictly speaking, not a loom but an 
appendage to one. It is intended to elevate or depress, by bars, 
the warp threads for the reception ot the shuttle, the patterns 
being regulated by means of bands of punched cards acting on 
needles with loops and eyes. At first applied to silk weaving 
only, the use of this machine has ince been extended to the 
bobbin-net, carpets, and other fancy manufactuies. By its 
agency the richest and most complex designs, which could 
lormerly be achieved only by the most skilful laborers, with a 
painful degree of labor and at an exorbitant cost, are now 
produced with faciliiy by the most orditiary workmen, and at 
the most moderate price. 

Of late years the silk manufacture has greatly improved, 
both in character and extent. The products of British looms 
exhibited at the Great Exhibition of 1851 vied with those of 
the Continent. Every year above £2,000,000 worth of silk is 
taken to England; and the silk manufacture engages some £50, 
UUOjOOO of capital, and employs one million of the population. 



Kindness wins for us the afi'eclions of others. 



G"TJArE3^IIjE in^STI^TJGTOI^ 



143 ' r;^^ 



logpajiillM* 



1= I?. O IP n E T . 




NNOYx\NCES and persecutions such as 
Joseph had to contend with during these 
daj's did not prevent him from enjoying 
himself. Conference convened on April 
6th. In his opening remarks to the con- 
ference he said: 

"Those who feel desirous of sowing the 

seefis o discord will be disap[jointed on this 

occasicin. Ii is our purpose tu build up and 

establish the principles of righteouaness, 

and not to break diivvn and di-siruy. The 

(jieat Jehovah has ever been with me, and ilie 

wisdom of Gud will direct me in the seventh 

hour. I feel in i-hiser communion and better 

standing with God than ever I felt before in my 

life, and I am p;lad of this opportunity to appear 

in your midst." 

On Sunday, the Tth, the prophet preached a 
funeral discourse on the death of Elder King Follett. 
The principles which he laid before the people on 
that occasion were grand and exalting, and no man 
who had the least portion of the Spirit of God resting 
upon him could fail to perceive that he was inspired and 
was not the fallen prophet which the apostates desired to make 
him out to be. 

His first object, he said, was to find out the character of the 
only wise and true (iod, and what kind of a Being He is. In 
this connection he made some very striking and truthful remarks 
about taking men's lives because they wereialse teachers. He 
said: 

"If any man is authorized to take away my life because he 
thinks and says I am a talse teaclier, then, upon the same prin- 
ciple, wesliould bejustilied in taking a^vay the life ol every 
false teacher; and where would be the end of blood? and who 
would not be the sullerer? 

"But meddle not with any man for his religion; and all gov- 
ernm>nts ought to permit every man to enjoy his relisiion 
unmolested. No man is authorized to take away life in conse- 
quence of ditlerence ol religion, which ail laws iind governmenis 
ought to tolerate and protect, right or wr"Ug. Every man has 
a natural and, in our country, a constitutional right to be a false 
prophet as well as a true piophet. If I show, verily, that 1 
Lave the truth of Go ', and show tha' ninety-nine out of every 
hundred professing to be religious ministers are false teachers, 
having no authority, while they pretend to hold the keys of 
God's kingdom on earth, and was to kill thein btcause they 
are lal.-e teachers, it would deluge the whole world with 
blood." 

Respecting God and the kind of Being He is, he said: 

"God Himself, was once as we are now, and is an exalted 
Man, and sits enthroned in yonder heavens! That is the great 
seeiet. If the vail was rent to-d 'y, and the Great God wno 
liolds this world in its orbit, and who nphoUls all wori<ls and 
all things by Ilis power, was lo make liiniself visible,— I say, 
if yoa were lo see Him to-day, you wnuhl see iiim like a man 
in form — like yourselves in all the peisoii, image, and very 
form a~ a man; lor Adam was created in the very fashion, iina.:e, 
and likenessof God, and received instruction from, and walked, 
talked, and conversed with him, as one man talks and com 
tnunes with another. 

'•In order to understand the subject of the dead, for the 
consolation of those who niMUrn for the loss of their friends, it 
is necessary we should understand the character and Being of 
God, and Low He came to bo so; lor I am going to tell ycm how 
God came to be God. We liave imagined and supposed that 
God was God fiom all eternity. I will refnle that idei; and will 
takeaway and do away the vail, so that you may see. 



'■These are incomprehensible id e istosome;butthey ares mple. 
It is the first princi|jle ot the G spel to know for a certainty 
the characler of God, and to know that we may converse with 
Him as one man converses with another, and tliat He was once 
a man like Us; yea, that God Himself, the Father of us all, 
dwelt on an earth, the same as .Jesus t'hrist Himself did; and I 
will show it from the Bible I wish I was in a suitable place 
to tell it, and that I had the trump of an archangel, so that I 
could tell the story in such a manner that [lersecution would 
cease for ever, VVhat did Jesus say? ( Mark it. Elder llif^don.) 
T IE3I l-* ! The Scriptures inform us that Jesus said, 'As the Father hath 
power in Himself, even so hath the S m power' — to do what? 
Why, what Ihe father did. The answer is obvious — iu a man- 
ner to lay down His body and take it up again. Jesus, what 
are you going to do? To lay down my life as my Father did, 
and take it up again. Do you believe it? If you do not believe 
it you do not believe the Bible. The Scriptures say it, and 
I defy all the learning and wisdom and all the combined 
powers of earih and hell toj^ether to rel'uie it. 

"Here, then, i eternai life — to know the only wise and true 
God; and you have got to leani how to be Gods yourselves, and 
to be kings and priests to God, the same as all Gods I ave done 
before you, — namely, by goinsj from one small degree to 
anotlier, and from a small capacity to a great one; from grace to 
grace, from exaltation to exa.tation, until vou attain to tne 
resurrection of the dead, an i are able to dwell in everlasting 
burnings, and to sit in glory, as do those who sit enthroned in 
everlasting power. And I want you to know that God in the 
last diiys, while certain individu.iis are proclaiming His name, 
is not tritliug with you or me." 

What a flood of light do these few words throw upon the 
nature and character of God. Those who depend upon the 
tradit ons of men fir their ideas of God grope in gross darkness, 
and cannot comprcl end anything about Him. 'I hey are ignorant 
themselves, and when asked to explain what they know about 
Him, they do it in such a blind way that no per.-on can gather 
a correct idea about Him from them. But all this nij'steiy is 
cleared up by Joseph; his explanation is so plain that a little 
child can understand it. By this explanation man is brought 
nearer to God. He feels that Ho is bis Father, be can approach 
Him and ask Him for those blessings which be needs with very 
diflerent feelings than he could if he believed that God bad 
no body, but was spread throughout eternity like the air we 
breathe is spread around our earth. Joseph had the key given 
to him by the L*rd, by which be could open the store-house of 
knowledge, and take therefrom and impart to the people. 
There was truth and light in all he said, and those who had 
not fallen into darkness through transgression could sensibly 
feel that God was with him. 
Further on in speaking upon salvation, he said: 

"I have a declaration to make as to the provisions which God 
hath made ti>suit the coudiiious of man — male from bef ire the 
foundation of the World. What has Jesus >aid? All sins, and 
all blasphemies, and every transgression, e.xceptone, that man 
can be guilty of, may be forgiven; and there is a salvation for 
all men, either in this world or the w.irld to come, « ho h.ive 
note 'inmitted the unpardonable sin, there being a provision 
either in this world or the world of the .Spirits. Hence God 
hath made a frovision that every spirit m the i ternal world 
can be ferreted out and saved, unless he has committed that 
uni5ardonable sin which cannot bo lemiited to hiiu either iu 
this world or the world of sijirits, God has wrought out a sal- 
vation for all men unless they have committed aceriainsin; 
and every man who has a friend in the eternal world can save 
him unless he has bten gu 1 y of the unpardonable sin. And so 
you can see how far you can be a savior. 

"A man cannot coiiinnt the unpardonable sin afterthe disso- 
luiion of the body, alid there is a way possible fur escaiie. 
Knowledge saves "a man; and in the world of spirits no m.in 
can be e.\alleil but by knowledge. So long as a man will not 
give heed to the coinmandmenis, he mustai.i.le without salva- 
tion. If a man has knowledge, ho can be sa\ed;alili ugh, if 
he has committed great sins, ho will be punished for them. 
Hut when he consents to obey the Gospel, whether here or in 
the world of spirits, he is saved. 

"A man is his own tormentor and his own cmdemnpr. 
Hence the saying. They shall go into the lake Ihat burns with 
lire and briinstcme. The torment of disappointment in the 
mind of man is as exquisite as a lake burning with tire and 
br mstone. I say so is the torment of man." * » * * 

''When a man'begius to be an enemy lo this work, ho hunts 
me, he seeks to kill me, and never ceases to thirst for my blood. 
He'gets the spirit ol the Uevil— the same spirit that they had 






J" U "V" :H] ZsT I Hi E IlsrSTI^TJGTOI?. 



who crucitlecl tue Lord of Life— the samespirit thatsins against 
the Holy (jhost. You cannot save such perso s; you cannot 
bring tliem to repentance: they make opeu war, like the De\il, 
and awiul is the consequence. ' 

The prophet had not time to explain the nature of the sal- 
vation which men would receive. But he quoted the words of 
Jesus, (John I4th chap., 2nd verse) where he said: 

"In my Father's house are many mansions; if it were not so 
I wou d have told you. I go to jjrepare a place for you." 

Also the words of Paul, (1st Coiinthians 15th chap., 41st 
verse) where he says: 

"Tliere is one glory of the stin, and another glory of the 
moon, and anotlier glory oi the stars; for one star diU'ereth from 
another star in glory." 

From these quotations he wished the congregation to under- 
stand that a man might be saved, and yet notobtain the blessed 
])rivilege of being crowned in the presence of the Father and 
the Son. 

To those who mourned the death of Bro. Follett he said they 
had occasion to rejoice; for. at the resurrection, ho would rise 
in perfect felicity and go to celeftial glory, while many must 
wait myriads of years before they can receive the like blessings. 

The nest day the prophet felt his lungs so much exhausted 
that he could not continue the subject as he expected; but he 
had received a revelation, which he would not be able to dwell 
as largely upon then ag at some other time; he would merely 
give them the first principles. 

"You know," said be, "there has been great discussion in 
relation to Zi- 'nowhere it is, and where the gathering of the 
dispensation is, and which 1 am now going to tell you. The 
Prophets have spoken and written upon it; but I will make a 
proclamation that will cover a broader ground. The whole ot 
America is Zioii itself, from north to south, and is described 
by the Prophets, who declare that it is the Zion, where the 
mountain of the Lord should be, and that it should be in the 
centre of the land. When Elders will take up and examine 
the old prophecies in the Bible, they will see it." 

l,2'o be Continued.) 



£'or the Juvenile Instructor. 



CHAPTER XVI. 



LITTLE WILLIE GROWN TO MANHOOD. 



WILLIE had an appointmemt to preach at Longthorpe, a 
f small village about three miles from Skilton. A report 
was circulated that a learned minister of the Baptist Church 
was going to attend the meeting, to oppose W^illie and put down 
Mormonism in that region. The lady referred to in the last 
cliapter, who determined never to become a Latter-day Saint, 
felt particulary to rejoice over the prospect of the downfall of 
Jlormonism, and although in a very unSt condition for walking 
on the night of the meeting, she walked to the village where it 
was to take place. A fu'l congregation convened, but the 
Baptist minister did not appear. The Lord poured out His 
Spirit upon Willie, and he preached to the people in groat 
power, and strange as it may appear, that night Mrs. Cum 
mings was convinced of the truth. 

That night as usual, Mr. Cummings invited Willie to hi 
home. On their way Mrs. C. appeared to be very thoughtful, 
and as soon as they arrived at houjo the following conversation 
took p'ace. 



Mrs. C— "Well, John, what do you think about being bap- 
tized to-night?" 

Mr. C. — "Well, Hannah, I am hardly ready yet, but if you 
choose to be baptized you can do so." 

Mr.s. C— '■! feel that what I have heard is the truth of God, 
and tliat if I do not receive it I shall be condemned. I feel 
that there is no rest for me till I am baptized;" (turning to 
Willie, she said:) "Will you baptize me, sir?" 

Willie.— "With pleasure" 

It was then nearly midnight, and a mile and a half had to 
be traveled before they could reach water. The night was dark 
and cold, and their path led through the fields to a deep and 
sluggish river. 

As soon as Willie and his candidate were ready forgoing into 
the water, each bowed the knee upon the grass, and prayer was 
offered up. No mortal eyes could see them, and no mortal ear 
could hear them, but thi sweet influence that prevailed told of 
the presence of angels who had come to witness the return of 
a stray sheep to the fold of the true ! hephord 

About this time, on a Sabbath morning, Willie went to a 
neighboring village and preached in the open air. A gentle- 
man of the name of John Horsman, I't the close of the meeting, 
told Willie that he was well pleased with the discourse. When 
this gentleman returned home he felt very much concerned 
about what he had heard, and after much reflection he concluded 
to ask the Lord for a sign. For this purpose he went into the 
garden, where there was a collection of thrifty gooseberry 
bushes. He selected one of the healthiest among them, and 
kneeled down and prayed as follows: 

"O Lord, if Joseph Smith be a true prophet, and the Book 
of Mormon a divine revelation, smite this tree I pray Thee, 
that it may wither and die." From that time the tree began 
to wither, and finally died. Blany persons went to see the 
dying tree who expressed much astonishment at seeing it, 
though some tried to reason the matter away, and thought that 
"it just happened so." 

John Horsman was baptized, and during the following 
three or four months soiue fifteen or twenty others followed his 
example, and soon a branch was organized at Knaresboro, 
consisting of twenty-eight members. 

The sectarians were very much alariied at Willie's success, 
and concluded that something must be done to stop the rap;d 
progress of what they termed Mormonism, and for this purpose 
the Church of England, Reformed and Primitive Methodists, 
Baptists and Calvinists were united, and in the prosecution of 
their plan sent to Newcastle for a man to come and aid them 
in killing Mormonism, and then preach its funeral sermon. 
The gentleman referred to answered their call, and arrived at 
Knaresboro' in due time. It was considered necessary for him 
to exhibit his ability, and therefore he was requested to preach 
a trial sermon in the Baptist Clia|)cl. Either on account of 
the peculiarity of his circumstanc s or from some other cause 
he fell below their expectations and was rejected. Wm. W. B. 
(7') he Con filmed.) 



Is publislioil iu Salt Lake City, Utah Territory 
EVKRY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CFORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



mingle Copy, per Amvmn •••• 
Single Copy, for Six Months' 



.?3 00 
. J 50 



«fSP- It is cxppctpd wliore .ig-pnts fonvard n.ames tlicy will be rosponsiblo 
for tlic p.ipiTS tlms orrt.ivcl; and whuu Cash payimnits arc made, tlicy will 
please forward them with the letter eoiitainint; the names of the subseribers. 

g.-g- Elder Wm. 11. Shearman, Loyan, will aet as Genera) Agent for 

'i^ Grain'broufht to this City for the .JuvKNii.R IssTiirrTOR will bo 
e.celvcd at the uSice of our psper— DKSlii>ET Kliws BijiLni.NGS. 




