^^ 




VOL 3, 



SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 15. 18G8. 



NO. 14. 



F T-, J\. Hr X 1<T G- ^lAT-ZTia: IF I IE?. E - 7^ I?. livd: S 



THE first thought that strikes one in looking at the engraving 
we give below, is that the pretty Uttle girl, who stands on 
tiptoe watching her brother, is in great peril. You perceive 
that the muzzle of the pistol is pointed at her head. It makes 
us shudder to think of the danger she is in; yet she does not 
seem to be aware of it. If her brother had his hand on the 
lock, we would be still more afraid; but he has hold of the 
stock, and appears to be examinining the lock. After he has 
looked at it awhile he may take hold of it. If he should, and 
the pistol should 
be loaded, then 
he or his sister 



^^^ 



might get shot; 
for he is too small 
a boy to know 
much about fire- 
arms. You see 
he is but a little 
boy, he has to 
stand upon a stool 
to reach the draw- 
er in which his 
father keeps his 
pistols. It seems 
they have got 
tired of playing 
with the toys their 
parents have giv- 
en them. There 
isa"Noah'sark," 
and a number of 
the animals with 
which it was filled, 
lying on tlie floor. 
On the corner of 
the table is a fig- 
ure of "I'unch." 
I'oor "Punch" is 
thrown aside fyr 
Koin(!thing more 
attractive. 

Their paremts 
could not have 
left the jjistols for 
llicra to play witli. 
T hey are not 
proper (ilaytliings 
for children. 
This little boy and 



girl must have thought about the pistols being in the drawer 
and gone to it themselves. Do you think they are doing right 
in playing with these pistols'? 

Children should never touch fire-arms of any kind. Many 
serious and dreadful accidents have happened through the 
careless handling of pistols and guns. We road, not long ago, 
of a -boy who shot his little sister, also of a man who shot his 
wife. They were in fun, and did not think of killing them. 
They probably thought the guns which they pointed at them 

were not loaded. 




W e recollect 
reading, when we 
were a boy, of a 
young man acci- 
dentally shooting 
a young lady who 
was to have been 
married to him. 
He had been out 
hunting, and be- 
fore entering the 
house he had fired 
off both barrels 
of his shot-gun, 
and placed it in 
his room. His 
servant came into 
the room shortly 
afterwards, and 
took the gun and 
loaded it to shoot 
some rats in the 
stable. lie did 
not see any, so 
he brought i t 
back loaded, and 
placed it where 
he found it. His 
master returned 
to the room, and 
was soon joined 
by the young lady. 
In a jjlayfid mood 
he picked uji his 
gun, cocked it, 
pointed it at her 
and pulled the 
trigger. To his 
great horror the 



^h 




<Qr^, los 






-Cd 



( 






gun went off, and hi- intiuded wife, whom he loved so dearlj-, 
and for whom he would readily have died, fell at his feet 
covered with blood. He had killed herl This dreadful occur- 
rence saddened and embittered his whole after life. 

No person should ever point a weapon at another, eVen if 
they know that it is unloaded. It is not a safe practice. We 
narrowly escaped being shot by our own rifle when coming to 
the valley in 1847, though there was no cap on the gun at the 
time. Some pistols are what are called self-cockt rs; that is, 
they can be fired off by merely pulling the trigger. Such weapons 
must be handled carefully even by men who are in the habit of 
using pistols; but they would be most dangerous in the bauds 
of a child even for a second. 

We trust the little folks in the engraving met with 
no accident, and we are sure that when their parents returned 
they told them what risks they ran, and warned them against 
doing so again. 



THIS STOK.Y OIF" 

/^elected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 



CtOLUMBUS had, of course, no means of knowing whether 
/ the whole of the distance which yet remained to be 
explored of the earth's circumference was water or not, but he 
supposed that a great part of it was land. He thought that 
India extended much farther round the world toward the east, 
beyond whore any European travelers had been. It might 
very probably, he thought, extend so far that only a short dis- 
tance would remain across tiie Atlantic Ocean to the European 
shores. At any rate, he resolved that, if in any way he could 
obtain ships and sailors, he would set sail to the west from 
Europe, and go on till he came to land. 

In forming these plans and designs, Columbus was actu- 
ated in a very high degree by the spirit of lofty religious 
devotion that marked his character. Slingled with this, how- 
ever, as is very frequent in such eases, there were strong im- 
pulses of worldly ambition, and love of wealth and power. He 
truly thought that, by opening a near way to India by the west, 
he should promote the glory of God and advance his kingdom; 
but he also intended, at the same time, to acquire glory for 
himself and a lofty position in the world. So he went to one 
after another of the princes and kings of the countries in that 
part of Europe, made known to them his plans, and asked their 
assistance in executing them. He explained to them the rea- 
sons which led him to believe that there was a short way to 
India across the Atlantic to the west, and that a vast increase 
of power and boundless wealth would be the reward of the 
nation that should first discover and open it. He showed them 
tliat India must be accessible in that direction from the very 
form of the earth; and the confines of it, he was convinced, 
must be near. The most westerly lands that were known in 
that direction were the Azores and Cipe de Verd Islands; and 
on these islands great trees, he said, had sometimes drifted in 
from the we-t, and pieces of carved wood; and once the bodies 
of two men different in color and visage from any of the inhabi- 
tants of the then known world, had been washed up on the 
shores from the sea. These things proved not only that there 
was land in that direction, but that it could not be at any great 
di-tance. 

For ten or twelve long years Columbus jicrsevered in vain 
and fruitless attempts to induce some of the kings or princes of 
Europe to adopt his plans. It would not have comported with 
his views to go out on the expedition un<ler a commission from 
private persons only. lie wished to be clothed with authority 



from some reponsible and powerful government to take posses- 
sion of and govern the countries that he should discover. At 
last he succeeded in inducing the Queen of Spain to listen to 
his plans. Her name was Isabella. Her husband was Ferdi- 
nand. Ferdinand Was opposed to the plan, but Isabella biecame 
greatly interested in it, so much so that she said at last that if 
the king would not consent to furnish money from the treasury 
to procure and equipi the ships, she would pawn her jewels for 
the purpose, and sell her crown of Castile. Castile had been 
her own kingdom before her marriage with Ferdinand, though 
by her marriage it was united with his, to form what is the 
present kingdom of Spain. 

Queen Isabella thought, however, that the demands which 
Columbus made for himself were somewhat extravagant and 
unreasonable, and for a long time she refused to accede to them. 
What he demanded was to be made admiral and viceroy over 
all the lauds he should discover. 

The office of viceroy is an office of the most exalted character, 
and is seldom conferred upon any except the very highest nobil- 
ity. Isabella was extremely unwilling to confer it upon Colum- 
bus, who though an intelligent and well educated man, still be- 
longed to the middle classes of society. He was, however, 
firm in his refusal to engage in the enterprise at all except on 
that condition, and so Isabella finally consented to it, 

Isabella furnished Columbus with two small vessels, and he 
himself, with the aid of some friends of his, provided a third. 
Thus he had a little fleet of three vessels. These vessels were 
fitted for sea at a small sea-port town in Spain calkdPalos, and 
when all was ready Columbus set sail. The time when the httle 
squadron put to sea was about midsummer in the year 1492. 

The vessels which Columbus was i>i'Ovided with were very 
small. They were of the kind called caravels, used in those 
days for voyages along the coast. They had no decks, and 
were fitted with oars as well as sails, it is astonishing that 
Columbus could have succeeded in crossing the wide Atlantic 
in them. 

Columbus sailed first for the Canary Islands, which lay 
toward the south, ofl" the coast of Africa, about one thousand 
miles from his place of embarkation. He reached these islands 
in safety, and stopped there a little tiuie to rest his sailors and 
refit his ships. It was about a month alter he sailed from 
Spain that he took his final departure from the Canaries, and 
turned the course of his ships toward the west over the bound- 
less ocean. The crews of his ships were half afraid to go, but 
his calm and quiet resolution reassured them. 

They went on without any thing serious occurring for about six 
hundred miles. It took thirteen days to accomplish this dis- 
tance. They then found, to their great surprise and alarm, 
that the compass, which was their only guide when the sky was 
cloudy, seemed to fail them. They could see at night, when 
the north star was shining, that it did not pioint right. Itia 
true it did not deviate very far, but when it once began to 
wander, who could tell how far its aberrations might proceed? 
And how awful they thought would be their condition if, while 
out on that boundless waste of waters a thouhand miles from 
any shore, their only safe and sure reliance in finding their way 
were to desert them! The sailors were overwhelmed with terror 
at the danger which threatened them, and insisted on immedi- 
ately turning toward homo. 

Columbus, however, succeeded in quieting their fears in some 
measure so as still to continue the voyage. He told ihcm that he 
understood the nature of the deviation of the compass, and that 
it could not proceed very far. The needle would always, he 
said, point near enough toward the north to be a very safe guide 
for them. This was, in fact, true, though it is somewhat 
diiubtful how far Columbus actually knew it to be true at that 
time. 



^ 



1?^ 





'L 



O'TJ'VEISril-.Ei 

No. /7 



IISrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



107 



The men, however, were reassured again by the courage, reso- 
ution, and energy of their commander, and they consented to 
proceed. After this they went on very pleasantly for many 
days. The sea was smooth, the air was balmy, and the wind 
was fair. Sometimes they passed great fields of sea-weed float- 
ing in the water. This was a sign of land; for sea- weed grows 
only on the margin of the shore. They saw birds, too, from 
time to time wheeling in the air around the ship, or sweeping 
down and dipping the tips of their wings in the crests of the 
waves. Columbus was sure that they were approaching some 
shore. 

But now the breeze gradually died away, and there fell a 
calm. The calm continued for many days. The ships lay help- 
less and motionless on the sea. They had oars, it is true, but 
the progress which could be made with oars would be too slow 
to make it worth the effort to attempt to use them. The 
sailors soon became more impatient than ever. While the ships 
were going forward on their way, and they themselves were 
employed in their various duties, their minds were diverted in 
some measure from their fears, and from their longings for 
home; but after the calm had continued for some days, they be- 
came so home-sick and discontented that they were ready to 
break out into mutiny. Columbus had great difficulty in sub- 
duing this rebellious spirit. He, however, did subdue it; and 
partly by threats, and partly by persuasions and promises, he 
induced them to persevere. 

(?'o he ContirmcJ.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

"VT J^:Eh .A. IsT ID I a? s 



MOST of the little readers of the Ixstructor are old enough 
to remember something about the war between the North 
and the South, which commenced in 18G0 and ended in 1865, 
and the many bloody battles that took place during that war. 
You know very little, however, compared with those childien 
who lived near the scenes of strife, and who heard every day 
horrible tales of slaughter and bloodshed; tho.se children, whose 
fathers and brothers left their homes and friends to return 
again no more, or if to return, to come wounded and perhaps 
maimed for life. Come with me, and we will visit a happy 
home; we will look in upon the family there assembled before 
war has come to claim its share of their little household band. 
There, around the table in the cheerful sitting room, are assem- 
bled six persons, all happy and smiling and busily emploj-ed. 
At the head of the little group sits the father; next, the mother; 
and then there is brother Charles, noble and manly looking, 
who is very studious, and seems to be busy with his books, but 
every little while lays them aside and chats pleasantly with his 
parents, or amuses his little sister. Then there is sister Jlay, 
who is two years younger than Charles, and is now sixteen 
years of age; by her side are two little sisters whom she is 
teaching a lesson in Arithmetic. How happy they all look; 
how useful they all seem, as they are there assembled together 
after their day's work is done! Can it be possible that in a 
few months the scene will be changed — how changed; that 
that little circle is to be thinned, that those loving ones are to 
be separated — the father and brother to be no longer in their 
midst? 

The papers are filled with exciting news; South Carolina has 
seceded from the Government, her people are rebels; the first 
gun has been fired and war is declared! Then comes the call 
for volunteers, 

"To fight in their country's cause, 

And teach obedionco to its laws." 



That father and brother must go; they feel it to be their 
duty; their once lovely and peaceful country is groaning under 
the evils of civil war, and they must lend a helping hand, 

A regiment of soldiers is being formed in their neighborhood; 
ovei-y day adds numbers to its ranks. The drums are beating 
and calling for more men, and they, with others, add their 
names to the list; they are sworn in as members of the regi- 
ment. Two weeks are spent in drilling; they are taught to 
march and halt with military exactness, and then the last day 
comes, the day for bidding adieu to happy home and loved ones. 
How hard it is for them to leave those they most love! yet it 
must be so. The good byes are said; the partings are over, 
and they go away filled with hopes, fears, and misgivings, so 
uncertain is life in war. 

They arrive at the battle field; they are called into action; 
they face their enemies and fight with vigor. The bullets fly 
around them and over them; their comrades fall at their sides; 
they are safe, and escape this time without a wound. Their 
army has won the battle, and victory is proclaimed. A letter 
is sent home announcing their escape from the peril of the 
fight. With what expectancy is that letter received, with what 
thankful hearts it is read! Father and brother are alive and 
well, but, alas, for how long! Another battle and like many 
before them, they, too, fall; they die upon the battle field; 
they cannot ever escape the perils of war. 

News of the battle reaches their home, and that household, 
which we once beheld so happy, is plunged into mourning; 
gloom and sadness reign there; the wife and mother has no 
longer a husband and son, the daughters and sisters have no 
longer a father and brother. Thus many homes were made 
desolate by the war; thus many wives, mothers and sisters were 
made to mourn the loss of husbands, sons and brothers. 

How thankful the children of Utah ought to be for their 
happy homes here among the mountains, that their parents 
obeyed the commands of God and gathered out from the midst 
of the wicked that they might not partake of their sins nor 
have part in the trouble that was to come among them! The 
wicked would not hearken to the teachings of God's chosen, but 
killed their prophets and drove the saints from their homes. 
They will receive their reward; for the Lord has said, unless 
they repent of their sins, I will vex the nation sorely. 

Eamtha, 



AN ELEPHANT NURSING A BAB^.-It seems that 
the elephant has been taught to take care of babies. A 
gentleman who spent some twelve j'cars in India says: "I 
have seen a woman give a young child to an elephant to take 
care of while she went about some other business. It amused 
me not a little to see the sagacity and care of the unwieldy 
nurse. The child, who, like most children, did not care to lie 
still long in one position, as soon as it was left to itself, would 
begin creeping about on the ground. Sometimes it would get 
entangled among the legs of the elephant or in the branches of 
the trees upon which the animal was feeding: when the ele- 
phant, in the most tender manner, would relieve the little one, 
either by lifting him out of the way with his trunk, or by 
removing the obstacles to its progress. If the child crept to 
such a distance as to get almost out of the reach of the animal — 
for he was confined by a chain — he would stretch out his trunk 
and lift the infant back, as gently as possible, to the spot from 
which it had strayed away." — The C'ldldrens Hour. 



The tongue is inclosed by the teeth — as with a wall — and 
guarded by the lips — as with sentinels — so that it may not be 
suffered to run wild. 



tK^ 



C:RrJl= 







^\t Sn'^tMilt hvAtMin. 



asDiTort. 



JULY 15, 18 OS. , 




OW very thankful ought all the members 
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- 
day Saints to be that they live at a time 
like the jiresoiit! Do you, children, ask 
why they should be so thankful? We will 
tell j'ou. For upwards of fourteen hun- 
dred years — that is, since the day of Jloro- 
ni — there has been no prophet, of whom 
we know anything, wlio has stood among 
the people and given them the word of the 
Lord. When God seat His Son to the earth, 
the people killed Him. They would not listen 
to His werd; they would not accept Him, nor 
endure His presence. He chose apostles and 
other servants, and filled thorn with His Spirit 
and gave them power to declare the truth. But 
they would not have them. They persecuted them; 
they waged war against them, and killed every one 
whom they could. John, the beloved disciple, was 
the only one, that we have any account of, whom they did not 
kill. They tried to kill him, but God preserved his life; for 
Jesus promised him that he should live. Peter, who became 
the President of the Church after the death of the Lord Jesus, 
was crucified at Rome. He did not consider himself worthy to 
die as his Master did, and he besought his enemies to crucify 
him with his head down, which they did. Paul also was killed 
at the same citj'. His head was cut off. The other apostles, 
we are told, all died by violence at the hands of their enemies. 
The world would not let inspired .servants of God live; but 
hunted them and killed them off like so many wild beasts. 

When the people had done this, they built up a church and 
churches in which there were neither apostles nor prophets. 
Churches of this kind suited them. There was no man to 
whom God could reveal His will in its fullac-ss and plainness. 
God was not known, only as the people read about Him in the 
records which those who knew him in former days had left. 
There was no voice heard from Heaven; no angels visited man 
to teach him God's will; the Holy Ghost was not' poured out; 
its gifts were not enjoyed. Man liad rejected God, had killed 
those whom He had sent unto them, and He l.ft them to 
themselves. 

For hundreds of years they were in this state. But they 
could not always remain in such a dreadful condition. The 
Lord had promised that in the last days he would reveal 
himself again unto the children of men. He did reveal 
himself unto Joseph Smith. Angels came from heaven. The 
Church was organized on the earth with an inspired man at 
its head. Apostles and prophets once more ministered among 
men. The Holy Ghost was bestowed u]ion those who repented 
of their sins and were baptized, and the gifts of the gospel were 
received by them. 

This was a glorious day for those who loved the Lord and 
desired to do his will. They need not grope in the dark any 
longer. Light had come from heaven, and it shone upon their 
pathway. Their course was jilain and clear. They could ask 
eo\insel from the Lord and receive it throuirh him whom He 
had chosen to be His prophet. For such blessings as these, 



are we not right in saying that the members of this Church 
should be thankful'.^ Certainly we are. And if the people who 
now live upon the earth could see the blessings which God, 
our heavenly Father, has placed within their reach, they 
would cause the earth and heavens to resound with His praises. 

Children, how do you feel? Are you tliankful unto the Lord 
for permitting you to live at a time like the pre.seftt? You read 
in the last number of the Instructor about "Joshua and the 
Gibeonites." In that article we told you of the cunning of 
the Gibeonites in deceiving the children of Israel. And the 
Israelites would not have been thus deceived, if they had asked 
counsel of the Lord. They did not ask his counsel, and you 
know what followed: they made a covenant with a people wliom 
the Lord had commanded them to destroj'. 

A people who live at a time when God has prophets on the 
earth, and of whom they can ask counsel, are greatly blessed. 
It is because of this that the Latter-day Saints are so much 
prospered. When they follow the counsel of the Lord, they 
never see trouble; the wicked never gain any advantage over 
them. But when they are careless, hard-hearted and disobe- 
dient, then their troubles increase and they fall into serious 
difficulty. Remember this through your lives, children. God 
has placed a prophet in His Church to counsel His people; it 
is your duty and the duty of every person to listen to what he 
says, and to obey it. If you do this, you will be happy in this 
life, and in the life to come j'ou will be permitted to dwell 
with God and His Son, Jesus Chiist. 



A FAVORITE, amusement with my children is to say, 
"Guess what [ see in the room?" beginning with giving 
the initial letter of something in the room; each child is allowed 
to guess in rotation till one is successful, when the child has the 
privilege of giving out the nest thing to be guessed. 

This game will commend itself to mothers who are very busy, 
as it does not in the least interfere with their work, even if they 
participate, as I often do, in the game. 

My children have been interested in it for hours together; 
often puzzling their elders, contributing greatly to the amuse- 
mcut of us all. 

I remenber an instance in which our little seven-years' old 
daughter gave out "G S." 

Her comrades all tried it many times in despair, came to 
mamma; even she could liiid nothing in the room answering to 
the initials, grandma and gieatgrandnia tried in vam. 

Our little puzzler was in ecstaeies, and all the others much 
chagrined, and obliged to confess themselves unable to solve the 
(juestion. 

Grease spot it proved to be; our little girl had di-scovcred a 
small one on tlie caqiet. 

When they tire of this, I say," My ship is coming in loaded 
with ," naming some article beginning with A. 

They go on, each naming in turn something beginning with 
that letter, till they can thiidc of no mfrc; then they take B, 
and so on, through the alphabet. 

Mamma's dignity will not be at all compromised by taking 
part in these simple amusements and the little ones will enjoy 
them much better then if playing by themselves. 

They have also several sets of the alphabet, cut singly. One 
child selects the letters necessary to spell any word which she 
chooses, without naming it, and, after mixing them together, 
requires another to i)!ace them in jiroperorder to spell the word. 

These games are, of eoiu'se, adapted only to those who know 
something of spelling, but will tend to improve them in that art 
and they possi^ss the desirable ipialificatiDns of anj using without 
noise or trouble, and make no litter. — Little Corporal. 



!?^ 








in^STI^TJOTOI^ 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

J^l<rJD THE AAT-OXjIF. 



ABOUT two thousand five hundred years ago their lived in 
Athens, the chief city of Greece, a slave named ^15sop. 
He had not only the misfortune to be a slave, but some say he 
was deformed also. He was blessed, however, with much 
wisdom and wit, and is said to be the author of a great many 
fables Which have been translated into a great many languages 
for the benefit of the little folks of many nations. Fables, as 
no doubt many of you know, are little stoHes in which animals, 
rocks, trees, etc., are represented as speaking and acting, on 
Jiurpose to teach mankind some wise lesson, or give them some 
good advice. Our picture is to illustrate one of these well 
known fables, called the Shepherd Boy and the Wolf. It runs 
something like this: 




Once upon a time there lived, in a country where there were 
a great many wolves, a boy, \*ho was hired by a farmer to herd 
his sheep. These fierce wolves would sometimes attack the 
herd of sheep and kill and devour numbers of them and their 
ambs. Whenever any wolves came near a flock, it was the 
duty of the shepherd boy to give the alarm by calling out 
loudly, "wolf, wolf!" so that the laborers at work in the fields 
iiear by might come to his help and drive a.vla,y the Wolves. 
The boy We have spoken of was very wicked, for he would 
ofteh ciy "wolf, wolf," when there was no wolf near. This 
Woiild cause the laborers to leave off their work and come 
running to drive away the wolves. Then the bad boy would 
laugh at them, for there were no Wolves, and he thought it 
was fine fun to deceive them thus. After he had done this a 
number of times, the men would not believe him when he cried 
"wolf, wolf," and did not go to his help. At last the wolves 
did come; in vain he cried "wolf, Folf;" all thought he was 
lying, and remained at their work; and the poor sheep and 
lambs were torn to pieces, and the boy himself barely escaped. 

The moral of this fable is: a liar is scarcely believed even 
when he speaks the truth. 



Children "put things" very happily sometimes. Gi'.orge 
was very jjiously trained; but he had a strong will and disliked 
very much to yield. When he was disobedient his mother 
was accustomed to make him stand in a corner of the room till 
he was repentant. One night, after he had been more than 
usually stubborn, he knelt to say his evening prayer, and made 
this petition. 

"Oh, Lord, ble.ss Georgy and make him a good boy; and don't 
let him bo naughty again never — no, urv r, 'cause you know. 
Lord, when he is naughty he sticks to iU" 

Good-nature, like the bee, collects sweetness froni every 
flower; while ill-nature, like the spider, finds only poison. 




^imfeft^H ol €ummoit ®|tttg0» 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 



IT has been seen that water is a compound of oxygen and 
hydrogen; we have thus learned two of the letters of the 
alphabet of chemistry. Atmosiiheric air is also a compound; 
oxygen is one of its eietaents; one part of oxygen to four parts 
of nitrogen— a word which means, "that which enters into the 
formation of nitre." Nitrous oxide is a gas made of the same 
elements which exist in common air, containing a larger pro- 
portion of oxj'gen. This gas is used by scientific dentists, to 
render their patients insensible to pain. When this gas is 
inhaled, or drawn into the lungs, it sometimes produces a kind 
of intoxication; laughter, dancing, shouting and other express- 
ions of delight being indulged in. This probably gave rise to 
its popular name of 'laughing gas"— this Was before teeth 
were extracted under its influence. 

Air is a transparent and elastic fluid which surrounds the 
earth and envelopes everything upon its surface. When it 
moves rapidly it has great poWer, atid ships, wind-mills etc., 
are set in motion by it— it is then called wind. When it moves 
with great velocity, trees, houses, and even the largest buildings 
have been thrown down by it — it is then called a hurricane. 
Although unseen by the eye its presence may be known in 
many ways: birds are borne upward upon it; feathers and other 
light substances float in it; and the clouds are supported by it. 
Without it fire could not burn, animal life could not exist; and 
chemistry enables Us to determine ivhy it is life sustaining and 
flame-supporting, in its nature. If j'ou put a glass upside 
down on a plate, with a piece of lighted was candle Under it, 
and pour sufficient water in the plate to prevent the ft-esh air 
from entering the glass, when the oxygen is consumed the 
candle will go out. If, in this experiment, a mouse or any 
small animal were placed under the glass, instead of the candle 
going out, when the ox3-gen was expended, the animal would 
die. This proves that fresh air is necessary to sustain life 
and flame. 

It is, then, the oxygen which sustains life— without oxygen 
the candle will not burn. Increase the draught of your stove, 
more o.xygen is supplied, more light and heat are produced. 
Shut ofi" animal beings from fresh supplies of o.xj'gen, and they 
droop and die. Three mitiutes of existence without this acid- 
former, this vivifier, or giver of life, and the strongest man is 
irrecoverably dead! In close, ill-ventilated rooms ice heghi to 
die. The air becolues impure; every pair of lungs, every 
candle, every fire is greedily' devouring oxj'gen. Where docs 
the o.tj-gen go to? Is it lost? No, there is no element lost 
throughout the Uiiiversel Look at the water trickling down the 
windows and the Walls— hydrogen, from the fuel, has united 
with the oxygen to form water; if you want to see the other 
change, you see it in the results — languid looks and general 
prostration of strength; sometimes in the fatal sigo of fainting, 
and, even of death! 

What is this great destroyer of life? Carbonic aeid gas. 
O.xygen has united with carbon to form it. What is carbon? 
An element which is exceedingly eurious. It may be seen in 
charred wood; — the literal meaning of the word is "charcoal." 
But it is seen in its purity in thi; beautiful, sparkling diamond— 
a precious stone of the most valuable kind. 

Fresh air, then is necessarj', because, when we treatho, 
oxygea is supplied to the blood of our bodies in the lungs. 



I "A 




no 






:]^STI^TJOTOI^, 



■< 



'-Cd 



The blood absorbs the osygen and leaves the nitrogen to pass 
off again with the breath. The blood not only retains the 
oxygen, but it throws off the carbonic acid gas, which would 
poison the blood if retained. This passes away in the breath. 
The effect produced by the osygen being absorbed into the 
blood, is to carry it into the various parts of the body through 
the arteries and veins, there to unite with the carbon of the 
blood, producing a fresh supply of heat; and thus the warmth 
of our bodies is maintained. We know the result: carbonic 
acid gas is produced, to be removed, as we have seen, in 
the breath. 

If we are curious enougli to prove this, breathe through a 
tube (a piece of hollow cane will do) into some lime-water (this 
may be made by slacking some quick lime in rain water.) The 
lime-water will become cloudy. The carbonic acid unites with 
the lime held in solution, and forms carbonate of lime, or 
"common chalk," which is a white substance, and may be 
collected, if allowed to settle. 

The atmosphere itself does not become impure, because 
plants breathe carbonic acid through their leaves; they also 
absorb it through their roots. They retain the carbon and 
reject the oxj'gen. Thus, what is called equilibrium is main- 
tained; that is, "'an exact balance" in the elements. If there 
were no animals on the earth, vegetables would suffer, for thoy 
thrive upon carbon. If there were no vegetables, animals 
would suffer, for they reiiuire osygen. 

Nitrogen is also an important element in relation to animals, 
for it unites with many .substances which we live upon. The 
food has to contain not only fuel, which, as we have seen, is 
the carbon of the blood, but it requires nourishment. Nitro- 
genous food is nourishing to the flesh, or muscular part of 
the body. ^Ve could not live long upon food made up 
entirely of carbon and hydrogen, for they supply warmth only 
to the body. Potatoes contain starcli which, chemically, is 
carbon and water; that is, carbon, and hydrogen and oxygon in 
the proportions which form water. When we eat starch in 
potatoes, sago, arrowroot, rice and corn-meal, we are laying 
in fuel to be burnt in the body, to keep up the animal heat, as 
it is called, which is precisely the same as any other heat. 
When nitrogen comes in contact with starch under favorable 
circumstances, it converts it into sugar. All ferments contain 
nitrogen, and they are used by man to change the nature of 
substances. Yeast is used to make bread; the starch is changed, 
and fermentation ensues. Malt is made by a natural change, 
resulting from the presence of nitrogen. The malt is then 
steeped in water, yeast is added, fermentation follows and 
spirit is produced. This would fly off' in the air, but it is 
detained by man, by distillation, in the form of whisky. Some- 
times beer is made;— if beer is distilled, spirit is produced. 
Whisky is carbon and hydrogen principally; it will burn in the 
spirit-lamp and it will burn in our bodies. Those who drink it 
as a beverage do not nourish the body, for carbon will nut din- 
solve in the blood; it has to be converted into sugar first. It is 
too late when taken into the stomach in the form of spirit. 
The change has already been made, of starch into sugar, and 
sugar into alcohol, or "spirit," which is poison! 

The suly'ect of air i.s a very wide one, and it can be viewed in 
many other than in chemical aspects. The levity, or "light- 
ness" of hydrogen, causes it to rise in atmospheric air; this is 
taken advantage of by man, and the air-balloon is the result. 
The elasticity, or "power of returning to its former state when 
compressed," which air possesses, has cn.ablcd man to make 
the pneumatic railway, and many ingenious contrivances for 
rapidly conveying letters, etc., through tubes. Air is also the 
vehicle for rain, hail, snow, etc. The phenomena of thunder, 
lightning, the "falling stars" or meteors, all have to do with 
air. But these belong to other departments of study. How 



useful is air to warn us of danger when offensive odors betray 
the presence of some, perhaps unseen, but deadly foe, when 
noxious vapors are poisoning the atmosphere. How grateful 
do we feel when the perfume of the rose, mixed with the fra- 
grance of a thousand flowers, steals upon oui' senses! 

Beih. 



THE S\VORD 
AND OF 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

OF THE LORD, 
GIDEON." 



TO-DAY we propose to speak of one of the judges whom God 
raised up to deliver Israel from the hands of their enemies. 
Ilis name was Gideon. 

Gideon, the fifth judge in Israel, was the son of Joash, of 
the tribe Manassah. • He resided at Ophrah in Gilead, east of 
the river Jordan. He ruled Israel in the name of llie Lord 
for 40 years, and was blessed with many wives who bore him 
seventy sons. How many daughters he had we are not told. He 
died ratlier more than twelve hundred years before the coming 
of Christ, and was buried in the sepulcher of his fathers. 

We will now relate to you tlie causes which led to Gideon 
being made the leader and judge of Israel. 

In the days when Gideon was a youth, Israel had forsaken 
the Lord to worship Baal and other idol gods of their neighbors. 
The result was God delivered them into the hands of the Mid- 
ianites and their wandering Arab allies, who for seven years 
running invaded the lands of the Israelites at harvest time. 
They gathered their crops, they plundered and trampled down 
their fields, their vineyards and their gardens; they drove off 
and killed their sheep, their oxen and their beasts of burden, 
and rioted unmolested wherever they chose to go; leaving 
behind them naught but a barren waste, dotted with the 
desolate homes of the Hebrews. This destruction was of course 
followed by famine, which the Israelites were powerless to 
prevent in the dens and caves and strongholds of the mountains 
to which they had fled. They were weak, for the Lord had 
left them to themselves, and they were but a handfid to the hosts 
of Midian who came up like unto grasshoppers on the land 
for numbers, and whose camels were as numerous as the sand 
on the sea shore. 

In this extremity Israel turned to God. Ho heard them and 
sent a projihet to them, who reproved them for their folly and 
recalled to their minds the power and goodness of God so often 
manifested in their behalf. 

The Lord next sent an angel to Gideon. The message he 
bore was that he (Gideon) was the chosen of Heaven to deliver 
Israel. It was some time before Gideon would undertake the 
task. lie felt his littleness and feared the power of Midian. 
God however condescended to visit him in various wa3's. At 
last Gideon commenced his work. He cut down the grove of 
Baal and destroyed its altar near his father's house. He then 
sacrificed to the true God. This act nearly cost him his life; 
for some of the worshipers of Baal sought to destroy him; but 
afterwards left it to Baal to avenge his own injuries, which, of 
course, he had no power to do, as he only existed in the minds 
of his worshipers. Gideon now felt strengthened for his task. 
]l\ .-^ent forth a call to the tribes of Manassah, Asher, Zcbulon, 
and }saptliali. Thirty-two thousand of these tribes gathered to 
his standard. These were too many to fulfil the purposes of 
the Jjord. He knew that if he permitted so many to march 
against Midian they would take the honor and the glory of 
the victory to themselves. So Gideon, by His command, sent 
back all who were afraid of the foe and lacked faith in their 
mis.siun. Twenty-two thousand returned to their homes. There 
were still too manj'. Ten thousand were more than the Lord 



m 




i 






desired, the number must be reduced. Then He spoke again 
to Gideon, and told him to take his men down to some neigh- 
boring water and watch them drink. Those who kneeled down 
to drink he sent home, those who lapped like dogs he retained. 
Three hundred only lapped Water. These were sufficient for 
the Lord of Hosts, who directed Gideon how to proceed. 

To each man was given a trumpet, a lamp, and a pitcher. 
These were their weapons of war instead of sword, spear and 
shield. When night came the Lord was still near by, and he 
instructed Gideon what use to make of these strange imple- 
ments of warfare. The Israelites were told when they reached 
the Midianite camp, on a given signal, to break their pitchers, 
wave their lamps, blow their horns, shout their watch cry, and 
make a terrible and strange noise all together. The time for 
action an-ived, midnight was past and the armies of Midian 
lay silent in slumber. On a sudden they started and awoke. 
There was a noise in their midst that was strange to their ears. 
It was not the rushing of a mighty wind; it was not the roaring 
of the distant thunder; it was not the tumultuous flow of swollen 
water; but it was terrible to them, for they knew not what it 
was nor from whence it came. A moment after a multitude of 
glimmering lights shone in their half opened eyes, a sound of 
many trumpets rent the air, and all around them they heard 
the voices of the men of Israel shouting the terrible watch 
cry: "The sword of the Lord and of Gideon." Gideon indeed 
was amongst them, and his name struck terror to their hearts. 

It was dark and the Midianites could see nothing save the 
lights of what they feared was a vast army i-ushing upon them. 
In all their camp there was naught but confusion and dismay. 
Each man seized his weapon and sought to escape as best he 
could from the confused multitude of men, horses and camels, 
who, in their terror, were destroying one another. When that 
mad flight was ended, Midian had lost one hundred and twenty 
thousand of her sons; while Israel, aroused by the news of their 
flight, waylaid and destroj'ed the remnants of their hosts 
until there were none left to pollute the soil of Canaan. Then 
Gideon returned to his home in peace, all the enemies of the 
Lord being overthrown. But headstrong Ephraim, ever long- 
ing for a fight, endeavored to raise a quarrel with him for not 
calling them to his help. If they could not fight Midian, they 
would fight Manassah. But Gideon, with flattering words, 
appeased their wrath, and escaped the misfortune of having to 
fight them, which Jeptliah had to do for the same reason some 
years afterwards. 

And there was peace in Israel all the days of Gideon, 

If ever our hearts should shrink with fear, or beat with 
alarm at the hearing of the vast multitudes of the wicked 
arrayed against the Saints, let us recollect Gideon and his three 
hundred, who, by the help of the Lord, overthrew the hosts 
of Midian, who, for numbers were like unto grasshoppers On 
the face of the land; so that no man could number them. 

G. R. 



Here Is a good lesson from an iron bar. Read it, children: 
A bar of iron, worth five dollars, worked into horse-shoes is 
worth $10,50; made into needles, it is worth $350; made into 
pen-knife blades, it is worth $3,:i85; cade into balance-springs 
of watches, it is worth $250,000. What a drilling the poor bar 
must undergo to reach all that; but hammered, and beaten, and 
pounded, and polished, how has its value increased! It might 
well have quivered and complained under the hard knocks it 
got; but were they not all necessary to draw out its fine (jualities, 
and fit it for higher offices? 

And .so, my cliildron, all the drilling and training which 5'ou 
arc subjected to in youth, and which often seem so hard to you, 
serve to bring out your nobler and finer (piiilities, and fit you 
for more responsible posts and greater usefulness in the world. 






111 



^ 



i^fit^^^Tin. 






THE 




OHN C. BENNETT made an affidavit 
before Daniel H. Wells, alderman of the 
City of Nauvoo, "that he never was 
taught anything in the least contrary to 
the strictest principles of the gospel, or 
of virtue, or of the laws of God or man, 
under any circumstances, or upon any occa- 
sion, either directly or indirectly, in word or 
in deed, by Joseph Smith." When he 
le this oath he professed to be ansious to do 
It. The affidavit was made on the ITth of 
y, 1842. On the 25th of that month he was 
ified that the First Presidency, Twelve and 
hops had withdrawn fellowship from him, 
e about to publish him in the paper. He 
begged them not to publish him in the paper for his 
mother's sake; he did this so humbly that the notice 
was withdrawn from the paper. The next day he 
attended a meeting at the Masonic Lodge Room, and 
acknowledged his wicked and licentious conduct; he cried like 
a child, and said he was worthy of the severest of chastise- 
ments^ but he begged that he might be spared. His sorrow 
appeared so deep for the moment, or he pretended to have it, 
that Joseph plead for mercy, and he was forgiven stilL 

After this he did not remain long in Nauvoo. As soon as 
he got off" he commenced circulating every kind of slander and 
falsehood against Joseph and the Saints. According to his 
statements they were unfit to Hve. While he was profesfsing 
to be a member of the Church, and to have great faith in the 
work; he wrote several fierce articles about the persecutions 
which the Saints had endured in Missouri. He did not publish 
his own name to these; but signed them "JoAB, General ia 
Israel." After he left Nauvoo, in writing against Joseph and 
the Church, he quoted from these articles. He did this to 
show the public what a treasonable, blood-thirsty people the 
''Mormons" were; but he took care not to tell them that he 
was the "Joab" who had written the articles! 

Bennett published a book filled with the blackest lies about 
Joseph and the Saints. This created a little excitement, which, 
however, did not last long. He was despised by every one who 
knew him, and those who did not know him, but only heard 
his stories or read his book, looked upon him as a traitor and 
bad man. For some years before his death he had fits, which 
were very violent; he also partly lost the use of his limbs and 
of his tongue. It was difficult for him to make himself under- 
stood. He dragged out a miserable existence, without a person 
scarcely to take the least interest in his flite, and died a few 
months ago without a person to mourn his departure. And 
yet there was a time, probably, when he, like many others 
before and since, thought that if he should apostatize, the 
work of God would totter and fall! This is the blindness of 
apostates— the trick of the devil to lead them to do his bidding, 
lie laughs at their folly, and when they can be no longer used 
by him, he throws them aside and leaves them to their misera- 
ble fate, 

Sidney Rigdon and his family sympathized with Bennett; 
they had partaken of his spirit. The sickness of one of Sid- 
ney's daughters, and her wonderful restoration to health, and 
the reproof's she gave the family, had the eft'ect to stir him up 



rcd 

^ 



!^^^' 




^Q^ ^ 112 



9^. 



J"TJ^E3^IIL,E IInTSTI^TJOTOI^ 



h 



y /s 



^ 



5- 



again to a sense of his duty. But it was only for a little while. 
This you will learn as you proceed. 

On the Gth of May Lilburn W. Boggs, he who was governor 
of JNIissouri at the time the Saints wore driven out of the State, 
was shot at and wounded in his house at Independence, 
Jackson county. On the 20th of July he went before a 
Justice of the Peace and swore that he believed it was 0. P. 
llockwell, who had shot him, and he applied to the governor 
of the State of Missouri to make a demand on the governor of 
Illinois for the said 0. P. Rockwell to be delivered up and 
brought to Jackson county. On the Sth of August Joseph 
was arrested by the deputy sheriff of Adams county and two 
assistants, on a warrant issued by Governor Carlin. The latter 
was governor of the State of Illinois. Boggs had sworn that 
Joseph was "an accessory before the fact, to an assault with 
an intent to kill, made by one O. P. Eockwell on Lilburn W. 
Boggs." And the governor of the SLate of Missouri, Rey- 
nolds, sent a reriuisition to Governor Carliu for Joseph and 
0. P. Rockwell to be given up to him. When they were 
arrested the Municipal Court of the City of Nauvoo issued a 
writ of haLeas corpus, to have Joseph and Brother Rockwell 
brought before the court. But the officers refused to acknow- 
ledge the right of the Municipal Court in the case, and they 
returned to Governor Carlin for further instructions. The de- 
mand for Joseph to be taken to Missouri was unjust and illegal. 
Even if he had been guilty of the crime of which Boggs accused 
him there was no law by which he could have been dragged into 
Missouri to be tried. But this was an excuse. Not satisfied with 
the sufferings he had already endured in Missouri, they wanted 
to take him back there, so that they could wreak their ven- 
geance upon him. The charge against Bro. Rockwell and him 
had no foundation whatever. They were innocent, and Boggs 
knew it when he swore as he did. 

It was stated that Governor Reynolds, of Missouri, was not 
acquainted with the iirocecdings; but that Boggs liad made 
oath before a Judge and the latter had made the demand on 
Governor Carlin. This was not legal, for a Judge had no 
authority of this kind; it was the governor of the State who 
should have made the demand. Solomon says: "a prudent 
man foreseeth the evil, and hideth himself; but the simple pass 
on, and are punished." Joseph plainly saw that the plan 
which had been arranged, by which he was to be arrested, was 
only a trap, and he determined not to be caught in it. So 
before the deputy sheriff leturucd to Nauvoo he thought it 
wise for him and Brother Rockwell to absent themselves from 
the city. He first crossed the river to his uncle John Smith's 
in Iowa, where he stayed. Afterwards he crossed back to the 
Nauvoo side ol' the river, and stopped at Brother Edward 
Bayers'. lie reanained there until there were rumors in the 
city that his place of refuge was known. Then he removed to 
Carl<js Granger's. While Joseph was absent from the city 
there were a great many stories in circulation about the course 
the ofluccrs intended to take to get him. If they could not 
find him themselves, it was said, they were going to bring to 
Nauvoo a force of men so numerous that they could search 
every huusc, and if he could not be found there, they would 
search the Stale, and not rest until they found him. 

In readiug the documents embodied in Joseph's history of 
tho.se times we have been peculiarly struck with the sentiments 
of owe of then). It is a letter written by Wilson Law, who was 
Major Geflcral in the Legion, elected in the place of John C. 
Bennett, and in reply to one written to him by Joseph. He 
says: "I do respond with my whole heart to every sentiment 
you h-^ve .so nobly and so feelingly expressed, and while iny 
heart beats, or thi;i hand wiiich iiuw writes, is able to draw and 
wield a sword, ynu iriay drjiund (jii it being at your service in 
the glorious cause of Liberty and Truth." WuulJ you think. 



children, that the man who wrote those words would, in less 
than eighteen months, be forming plots to kill the man to 
whom he wrote them? Yet so it was. Wilson Law was a 
dishonest, wicked man, and he and his brother William, who 
was one of Joseph's counselors, were very corrupt. They both 
apostatized, and became two of Joseph's most bitter enemies. 
They entered into league with the tnob, and did' more, probably, 
than any other two men to bring about the murder of Joseph. 
(2'o be Continued.) 




^digiaal ^adry* 



THE 



F'or the Juvenile Insti-nctor, 

GOOD BOY. 



When Willey was a little boy, 
He learn' d to read and spell: 

He always went in time to school, 
And got his lessons well. 

What his dear mother hid him do 

He never fail'd to try, 
He never spoke a naughty word. 

And never told a lie. 

And when he grew to be a man. 
Good people lov'd him well; 

And of his kind and noble deeds, 
The little children tell. 

God lov'd him too; and when he died. 

He took him up above; 
And plac'd him in a happy home, 

Where all is peace and love. 



E. R. S. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



O 131 -i^ I?. ^ ID E 



BY J. E. SHELLEY 



I am composed of IC letters. 

My 3, 13, 4, ], is a flower. 

My 8, 5, 2, is a part of the body. 

My 12, 1, 15, is a kind of grain. 

My 9, 10, 15, is a number. 

My t), IG, 11, 10, is a bird. 

My 14, 2, 7, 8, is an article of wearing apparel. 

My whole is a river in the United States. 

The answer to the Charade in No. 12 is WATER. 
J'TJ"\^E13SriIL,E! inSTSTS^TJOTOi^ 

Js published in ISalt Lake City, Utah. Territory, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTKENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum $3 00 

Biugle Copy, lor Six Mouths 1 50 

*B~ It is expected where nf/entx forward names they will be rexjionsible 
or the paprm thu.i ordered; and when Cajth payments are made, they 
Witt jUeajte /urward thetn Willi the letter contuininy the names of the 
.fubscrrlMn'S, 

ea- KIder Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent tor 
Oiehe Valley. 
t ««- Uraiji broughl to this Oily for the Juvknii.e Instructor will be 
'. received al Hie ojtce of our paper— Dk^kukt JMkws Buji.djnc!j. 



b^^ 



»( 



