gOUXESa TO me lord. 




vol xn. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1877 



NO. 



.A. CURIOUS SIGHT AT S IE A 



AMONG the rnauy remarkable sights which are occasionally 
seen by those who travel on the sea*, none perhaps is 
more striking than that wh'ch is produced by the appearance 
of what is sometimes called the Phantom Ship. To gain an 
idea'as to what this strange illusion is iike. we will narrate to 
our readers a little story respecting it. which was once told 
by an old sailor. 

A good ship was one morning off the southern coast of 
Africa, and the weather was as fine and promising as could 
be desired. Towards evening, however, there was a change; 
the sea began to roll heavily, the fish, frightened by the wildness 



captain anl crew gazed around in winder and astonish- 
ment. 

But a still more amazing Night was in store for them; for 
before long, the sailors, as they stood on deck, perceived 
something which every moment grew larger and larger, rising 
slowly out of the water. At length, the strange-looking object 
was observed to have the appearance of a large vessel, with 
sails fully set. S ion tins hid risen completely out of the 
watei*, aud seemed to float, as it were, in the air, and then it 
appeared to come nearer and nearer. Its rigging, as well as 
its men, could now be clearly seen, yet none believed it to be 





of the waters, darted about, and leaped around, as if instinct- 
ively aware that something unusual was about to happen; and 
it is said that as the sun slowly sank to the horizon, the whole 
ocean appeared to stir with life. Soon great clouds, such as 
many of the men had never before seen, rose up from the east. 
and, ere long, the whole sky was enveloped in a thick haze. 
Sailors, firave though they may be, are invariably superstitious, 
and in this instance the strange appearance of the sky was looked 
upon by them a- an omen of evil, and it struck tenor to their 
very hearts, After a little time the moon appeared, the light 
of which added to the intensity of the bright glare, and the 



a real vessel: for not only did it continue to float in the air, 
but everything about it was strange-looking and shadowy: 
anil, in truth, it was really believed that it could he no other 
than a phantom. The mysterious \essel continued in sight 
lor a little time, then slowly disappeared; and it is said that 
everj one of the spectators who had watched it was un all 

lied that what he had seen Was actually a spectral \essel and 

nothing else; and its appearance was looked upon by all as a 
-ore forboding of coming evil. 

It was. alter all. not at all unnatural for these sailors to 
believe that the object they saw was a supernatural on 





74: 



J- TJ -V IE IN* I L E IUSTBUCTOR, 





indeed, it is only within this century that the cause of the 
appearance of such a strange sight has been accounted for. 
The explanation as given by Sir David Brewster, which is not 
unir tires ting, is briefly this: — "When the surface of the sea is 
much colder than the air of the atmosphere, the air next to 
the sea will gradually become colder and colder, by giving out 
its heat to the water, and the air immediately above will give 
out its heat to the air immediately below it, so that the air, 
from the surface of the sea to a considerable hight, will gradu- 
ally diminish in density. 

''Now, when a ray of light — for instance, a-- in the case of 
which we have spoken, from the moon to the sea — passes 
through air which varies in density, its original course is inter- 
rupted; and insead of its moving in a straight line, and giving 
the eye a correct idea of the object on which it is fixed, it falls 
irregularly, and a false and, frequently, quite a fantastic view 
of the object is given; sometimes, for example, making a ship 
which is out of sisht below the horizon actually seem above 
it. A familiar illustration of our meaning has been given, 
which we may repeat. Place a shilling in a teacup, and then 
stand at such a distance that you cannot see it, though 
by the slightest move of the head forward it would be visible 
to you. Then get another person to fill the cup with water, 
and you will be able to see, without moving, not the shilling 
itself, but the reflection of that shilling, and even the bottom 
of the tea-cup, whereas before, from the place where you were 
standing, you could see neither. For a like reason, when a 
straight stick is partly immersed in water, the image of the 
immersed part being raised nearer to the surface than the 
object, will cause the stick to appear bent or broken, as well as 
shorter than it really is" 

Having thus pointed out how the course of a ray of light 
may deviate from its straight path, our readers will not, we 
think, have much difficulty in understanding the origin of the 
strange appearances known as phantom ships. The truth is, 
that the sight which the sailors of whom we spoke saw, was 
really the reflected image of an actual vessel, but the latter, 
like the shilling of which we have told } T ou, was too distant to 
be itself observed: and the illusion was produced through the 
air being in that peculiar condition which Sir David Brewster 
explained, thus preventing the light of the moon from shining 
straight down upon the ship. 

In some instances, as in the ca«e of the steamer in our 
illustration, the appearance of the phantom floating in the 
air 's that of a vessel turned upside down, this generally, 
though not always, occurring when the ship herself is insight. 
In others, as for example, in that of the three-masted vessel 
in the same picture, a double reflection is presented, and not 
only is an actual erect image of the vessel given, but the latter 
has tli> strange appearance of being upside down as well. 
Tbe double reflection, it may be added, occurs usually when 
the ship is partially below and partially above the horizon. 

Many curious stories have been related about the spectral 
ships — especially about those seen in the North Polar regions, 
where the surface of the ice being excessively cold, their 
appearance is very frequent. D is said that it is by no means 
an uncommon occurrence for the whale fishers in this part of 
the globe to be made aware by means of these reflections in 
the sky of the approach of other -- 1 1 1 1 . < : and cases have been 
known in which, though the vessels themselves have been 
quite out of sight, snips that were thirty or forty miles distant 
have been in this way recognized. In L822 a remarkable proof 
of this fact was given. In that year Captain William Score shy 

who was engaged in the whale fishery — while cruising off 



Greenland, saw a very great number of these reflections, and 
one evening was considerably surprised to see among them the 
image of a vessel, the outline of which, though it was upside 
down, seemed familiar to him. On looking at it a second 
time he was convinced that the reflection was no other than 
that of his father's ship, though at the time he saw it he was 
not aware that the latter was cruising in that part of the 
fishery. He afterwards discovered that his surmise was 
correct, notwithstanding that when the reflection was seen the 
vessel herself was fully thirty miles off, and quite out of 
sight 

Another wonderful spectral appearance was witnessed some 
years since from the deck of H. M. S. Archer. While this 
vessel was cruising in the Baltic, the ships of the English 
fl >et, nineteen sail — then nearly thirty miles distant — were 
refl cted, and it is said that they presented the appearance 
of being suspended in the air upside down. 

That the remarkable sights of which we have spoken were 
formerly looked upon with some awe there can be no doubt. 
Even Sir Walter Scott speaks of— 

" that phantom ship, whose form 

Shoots like a meteor through the storm;" 

and apparently regarded it as a supernatural apparition, for 
he says in "Rokeby" — 

"And well thn doomed spectators know 

'Tis harbinger of wreck and woe." 



"rR,ET_.IC3-IOTJS IHSTCOItTSIIST- 

Ensrcrrsr of tihiie w-qir,hl.:d. 



BY JAMES A. LITTLE. 



IN mixing with the world I am often led to reflect on the 
difference in the practical results of their religion and ours. 
When the primitive churches departed from the apostolic 
purity, and imbibed erroneous ideas of Deity and of man's 
destiny, they created an abyss for themselves between God 
and His childrer, so deep and broad that man might well 
despair of ever identifying himself with his Creator. Errone- 
is conceptions of His nature and attributes resulted in an 
effort to work their own natures into conditions for which they 
were not designed. It has been a leading idea of Christianity 
for manj' centuries, that the highest perfection is onlv attain- 
able by weakening and destroying the passions and affections, 
instead of making them subserve the purposes of growth and 
development; that in this life we must wage a constant warfare 
against that which God and nature have implanted within us. 
Such ideas are better calculated to fit man for a future spirit- 
ual charnel-house, than for a condition in which all his faculties 
may be perfected and his joys intensified. 

Our chief aim should be to so use our faculties and order 
our lives each day as to enjoy life the better on the morrow. 
To be ever prepared to live is the best possible preparation 
for insuring us the enjoyment of a higher life beyond the 
portals of death. 

If we have indulged gluttonously instead of making our 
appetite subservient to a healthful and vigorous life, if we 
have permitted anger to run into hatred and revenge, if we 
have prostituted the issues of life to licentious pleasures or 
forced them to a barren existence, if we have made religion a 
pretext for dwarfing all the nobler elements of manhood, then, 
indeed, will this life prove an unfruitful waste, and if we are 
permitted to retrieve our errors beyond the grave, and chan, 





0" TT ^7" IE 3ST I L E IUSTBTJOTOB 




the channel of our existence for the better, we shall be foi tun- 
ate if we ever recover the ground we have lost. 



ffl^o the, Centennial IJpdiibitiotk 

with croTTiztra-s sir 

THE WAY. 



BY C. R. S. 




{Continued.) 

PRINCE ALBERT, consort of Queen Victoria, is credited 
with having inaugurated world's fairs. It was he who 
originated the first one held in Hyde Park, London, in 1851. 
The importance and value of such exhibitions cannot be too 
highly estimated, for when the production^ of other countries 
were placed side by side with those of Great Britain, unfavor- 
able contrasts were drawn against many of the products of 
the mother country. In matters of art and the style of 
articles used as ornaments in the decoration of homes, the 
embellishment of public buil lings, and in a thousand little 
items, France showed herself clear ahead of old England. 
But her statesmen were not slow to see that a great change 
must take place. Art schools, in connection with manufactur- 
ing establishments, weie established, and everything that 
could foster art culture and induce originality of design in 
the manufacturing was done. Premiums were offered for 
designs in every branch of business (where elegance was 
desired) to the members of each school; boys and girls were 
induced to spend their evenings in cultivating the beautiful, 
and where excellence showed itself, the leaders in the move- 
ment were not slow to approbate in a sensible manner the 
efforts of scholars. 

This is only one way in which world's fairs exert an influence 
on nations; in fact, such exhibitions are schools to which the 
people of the world may go and learn something new and 
beneficial. 

Other exhibitions followed in Paris; another was held in 
London in 1867, then another in Vienna, and finally the great 
"Centennial," in Fairmount Park. 

"With the usual go-ahead-itivenest of the American people, 
it was decided to eclipse all preceding demonstrations of a 
similar character, and the demand for space soon showed that 
the largest buildings were too small for the many applicants 
demanding room, from -every part of the earth. 

Fifty different nations and peoples sent contributions to 
swell the grand display. From the extreme regions of the 
frozen north to the tropical belt, came tens of thousands of 
objects, each one worthy of examination. To the American 
citizen who had never been away from his native land, an 
opportunity was presented to compare the immense fertility 
of invention of his own countrymen and that of other nations. 
In many cases there was much to learn, but in others the 
foreign element could learn from us. I am told by persons 
who have visited England, that American wares and products 
are being introduced all over England, so much so that the 
old country is becoming Americanized. Street cars, Pullman 
cars, American reaping and mowing machines, rocking chairs, 
and even tools and articles of hardware, canned fruits and 
vegetables, and last, they have American beef. Moreover in 
the colonies the enterprise of American merchants is driving 



the productions of England out of market where they have 
held sway for a century. 

In many cases the change may be attributed to world's 
fairs. We all remember the sensation produced in the London 
exhibition of 1851, by a patent milking machine, the invention 
of a "cute" Yankee. This small item demonstrated that the 
inventive genius of Brother Jonathan was illimitable, and it 
is not difficult to see that all such efforts, whether really practic- 
able or not, had the effect of stirring up the dormant faculties 
of other peoples in other climes. 

To endeavor to write up the great "Centennial" fully would 
be tedious to many readers, and how to present clear 
and distinct ideas of the great event, is not an easy task. I 
propose then to enumerate the principal buildings and to take 
a hasty glance at their contents. 

In trying to reach the "Centennial" grounds, it was with no 
snia'l difficulty we hung on to a streetcar — to get a seat seemed 
an impossibility. Each car leading to the grounds was loaded 
down to its utmost capacity. Every day seemed a general 
holiday for the whole Uniou, and representations from each 
section swarmed the streets of old Philadelphia from morning 
until night. All along the streets leading to Fairmount Park, 
stores had sprung up as if by magic. Temporary hotels were 
thick as hailstones around the grounds, most of them tempor- 
ary stn c i r ;s, with p 'ces as high as they cc u'd put them. All 
around the main entrance were venders of small wares in end- 
less variety, guides to the grounds, brokers on a small scale, 
exchanging money at the modest margin of ten per cent, 
walking sticks from^the Mt, Vernon estate, (and to judge from 
the great stock on hand and the immense quantity sold, Mt. 
Yeraoi must be a good. place for walking stiks ) I presume 
it was something like the story told of a tourist visiting the 
field of Waterloo, in Europe, where the peasantry offer relics 
of the great fight; the supply never fails for the simple reason 
that the relics are made to order in England, and the supply 
inexhaustible; you have only to order them and the'y come. 

Close by the entrance the Pennsylvania Railroad has a 
fine depot, and the proprietor of a soda water fountain had a 
sp'endid building for dispensing "vitriolic sw'll," as an enemy 
of soda water has wickedly called it. A large calliope or 
steam piano, is tooting out "Auld Lang Syne," "Home Sweet 
Home," etc., which is free. 

Across the road the scene changes, the entrance gates admit 
none but those having a- pass with their own portrait upon it, 
or the payment of fifty cents; change is not given. The turn- 
stile clicks and numbers your entrance, so that the amount of 
money and the number of visitors must tally at the close of 
the day — a check upon dishonest doorkeepers. Those posse.- s- 
ing passes do not enter by the same gate as those who pay. 

The number of buildings and objects of special interest in 
the grounds are one hundred and eighty. The main build- 
ing is on the right as you enter, and is the largest building in 
the world, its total length- is 1,876 feet, by 464 broad, and 
covers a little over twenty-one acres. The central facades are 
ninety feet high, there are four towers upon the corners 
seventy-five feet high. The foundations rest upon masonry! 
the columns and roof supports are of wrought iron; the whole 
building is so constructed as to bo readily taken down and 
moved to any other place. The total cost of this building 
was $1,280, ). 

The objects on exhibition in the main building comprised 
the following: Minerals, ores, stone, chemical manufactures, 
ceramics, pottery, porcelain, glass, furniture, woven goods in 
wool, silk and other fabrics, clothing, jewelry, paper stationery, 





76 



JTJYE1TILE I1TSTRTJCTOR 




weapons, medicines, surgery, hardware, edge tools, cutlery, 
carriages, vehicles, scientific and philosophical instruments, 
engineering, architecture, maps, school organizations, etc. 
Each country, and there were fifty different nations and 
peoples, had separate courts arranged at the expense of each 
country in its own style. The variety of courts and the 
different styles were in themselves a study. The represent- 
atives of each nation in the costumes peculiar to each, formed 
a delightful and novel attraction. It is a subject of wonder 
that the whole earth had been rans eked to offer to the 
American people lessons of skill and grandeur that to be 
appreciated must be seen. 

I wandered *roni court to court trying to see all I could, and 
make notes of the most wonderful objects, bit the display was 
stupendous, and the worst feature was that each article, how- 
ever obscure, was worthy of a critical examination. The story 
of the development of nations was told with such telling 
effect that 1 got bewildered, my back, eyes, legs and head 
ached with the diversity, completeness and beauty of the 
thousand and one objects of necessity, luxury and fancy, so 
much so that evening came as a positive relief to my over- 
strained senses. 

(To be Continued.} 



ravels it^ §(ndia. 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGIIAM. 



(Continued.) 




C CALCUTTA is amply supplied with a variety of bazars. 
I where you can see on exhibition all kinds of ornament-* 
of superb workmanship, notions of every description, and 
merchandise from a yard of tape to a cashmere shawl. 
Chandy Chouk Bazar ha* the appearance of a cluster of 
sheds running in every direction; the w ills are constructed of 
bamboos and mats, and the roofs are a frame work of 
bamboos, overlaid with tiles of a peculiar sort. This bazar 
being destitute of windows, the only light admitted is through 
the entrances, and occasional apertures in the roof, in lieu of 
skylights. Some par's of the bazar a e so dusky, especially in 
cloudy weather, that the venders are at times obliged to use 
lamps in the daytime. However, as the Bengalic merchants 
are noted cheats, the less luminous their bazar is the better, 
us darkness aids them in humbugging their patrons. Count- 
era are arranged on each side of the long narrow compartments, 
leaving a narrow alley in tl enter for visitors and purchas- 
ers to move to and fro. Each vender occupies from six to ten 
feet of this counter, where he Bits cross legged with his mer- 
chandise around him. 

All the merchants are classified. Dry goods merchants are 
all in a group together; those dealing in hardware, in shoes, 
leather, groceries, money changers, etc, in the same manner. 
It is rather amusing to see and hear these merchants slander 
and abuse one another, and underrate each other's stock of 

g K each stri'vingby 1 1 1 i - means to allure the customers to 

trade with him. At the sa time, they will all unite and aid 

each other in palming a damaged piece of goods off on a cus- 
tomer. ( >n one occasion 1 accompanied a friend into one of the 
bazars, where he wished to buy a crape -bawl, which are very 
cheap in India. A* soon as the vendersof this article learned 



that the "sahib" wanted to buy a crape shawl, they gathered 
around him, each using his persuasive powers to prevail on the 
gentleman to trade with him, and shouting, "Idher awo sahib 
vocheegkuek can ka nahie," that is "Come this way, sir; his 
goods are no account." After the excitement had subsided, one 
succeeded in putting a shawl into his hands, which, upon 
inspection he found was soiled. He visited several other mer- 
chants to better suit himself in his purchase and that same 
shawl was handed out to him every time. In this manner 
they will work to each other's hands to impose upon the stran- 
gers, and will succeed evey time, if the purchaser isnotguarded 
and wide wake. The Hindoos are naturally tricky; I will here 
relate one instance, among the many, which came under our 
obervation. While in Calcutta we would occasionally buy a 
little milk: we afterwards discoverd that the milk-man was in 
the habit of daily increasing his store of milk, by adding stag- 
nant rain water, taken from the sewers, which were alive with 
insects. When interrogated on this matter, at the same time 
showing him the milk containing the embryotic insects, he 
boldly maintained his innocence, and asserted that they mus t 
have come out of the cow's udder. The Hindoos as a nation 
of keen and acute buyers and sellers, have no equal; the Jews 
are no match for them. 

They have an exceedingly avaricious disposition, which is 
deeply engraven in their maxims of prudence and morality. 
Thus they say: "From poverty a man cometh to shame. Alas! 
the want of riches is the foundation of every misfortune. It 
is better to dwell in a forest haunted by tigers and lions, than 
to live amongst relatives after the loss of wealth." It is well 
known to all who have studied the ethics, jurisprudence and 
theology of the Hindoos, that they are replete with contradic- 
tions, for in the very same page with the foregoing is to be found 
"He who in opposition to his own happiness, delighteth in the 
accumulation of .riches, carrieth burdens for others, and is the 
vehicle of trouble." 

Jaun Bazar is one of the largest market places in Calcutta, 
where all kinds of fruit, vegetables, meat and fish are sold. 
This bazar is a brie enclosure, having a flat roof, constructed 
of square stone flags, resting upon numerous strong joists. 
The flags are plastered over with cement impervious to water. 
The stalls occupied by the venders are hearths or square blocks 
of brick-work raised above the floor, covered with cement, 
where they also sit cross-legged. The same confusion, jargon 
and competitive strife that exists in all the other market places 
of the "City of Palace?" is also found here with the siniultane- 
ou shouting of, 'Tdher awo sahib," "Come here, sir." 

The China Bazar is a wholesale market that principally sup- 
plies all these retailers with their merchandise. 

Loll Bazar is principally occupied with hotels, boardinghou.ses, 
restaurants, and eating houses, of every variety of accommo- 
dation. Money changers occupy positions on the sidewalks, 
squatting cross-legged on mats, having gold and silver coins of 
various nations piled up around them, ever ready to exchange 
with the strangers and travelers, on principles advantageous to 
themselves. 

In leaving China Bazar you enter Moorgee Hutted Bazar, the 
market placs where all kinds of poultry, birds of every variety 
with their gaudy plumage, and monkeys of almost every species 
are for sale. Each merchant in this line has a certain amount 
of space alloted him, where he has erected his cages and coops, 
which are constructed of bamboo. 

Before leaving Calcutta I will introduce another novelty or 
two which may be of interest to the young reader of the 
Instructor. 





JTJ'V'EIsriLE! IUSTBTJOTOB 




The hargala, the native name of a bird, (which means bird 
of large swallow, and is allied to the stork genus, but more 
popularly known by the name of "Adjutant," the name given 
to it by the English in India) is migratory in its habits, and 
takes up its abode in Bengal during the hot season. Its ser- 
vices are valuable as a carrion scavenger. Flocks of them 
may be seen perambulating the streets of Calcutta, swallow- 
ing dead cats, rats and other carrion which may be seen in great 
abundance on the streets every morning. It is a voracious 
bird, and has an immense bill, and will devour as much at one 
meal as four hungry men. It will catch a dead cat, rat or 
pup, that may be thrown from the upper story of a dwelling- 
house, before it reaches the ground, and swallow it with the 
same apparent ease that a cMcken would a fly. It stands about 
five feet in hight, and will measure from tip to tip of out- 
stretched wings, fifteen feet. Its head and neck are almost 
naked of feathers; a large pouch hangs from the neck, resem- 
bling a large sausage, or inflated bladder. The delicate, orna- 
mental "marabout feathers" are obtained from the under part 
of the wing of this bird. The scavenger qualities of this 
adjutant are so highly appreciated by the European popula- 
tion, that municipal ordinances are created and enforced for 
its protection; hence any person convicted ot killing one of 
these birds is severely fined. 

The hargala, with numerous others of the vulture tribe 
may be often seen in great numbers along the banks of the 
Hoogly, particularly at Moorda Ghant, the place set apart 
for the burning of the dead. This Ghant is situated in the 
north western part of Calcutta, and is enclosed by a high wall 
on three sides, being open to the river. The dead are 
brought from all parts of the city and vicinity in hacknies, 
boats and other conveyances, by the "doomra," who performs 
the office of sexton, or burner, instead of burier, of the dead. 
This rite, according to Hindoo theology, prepares the 
candidates to meet the approbation of the god Rama, who, 
it is believed, dwells on a planet of fire. 

The top of the wall around the "Moorda Ghant," is 
covered with hargala and vultures, which, when hungry, 
alight in the enclosure where the dead are being cremated, 
satiate themselves, and return to their perch on the wall. 

Many of the poor, not being able to furnish wood to burn 
their dead, will procure enough to singe them, after which 
they are thrown into the Hoogly. Hence, it is a daily sight 
to behold human bodies floating on the river aud among the 
shipping in the harbor. A river policeman goes out on the 
river and sinks many of the bodies with sacks of sand. 
( To be Continued. ) 



EDUCATED IF IE IE T . 




IT is astonishing to what uses the feet and toes could be put, 
if a necessity arose for a full development of their powers. 
There is a way of educating the foot, as well as the hand or 
the eye — and there is no telling what an educated foot can be 
made to do. In the time of Alexander, the Indians were 
taught to draw their bows with their feet, as well as with their 
hands, and this is done at the present time by Rock Veddahs, 
Ceylon. And nearly all savage tribes can turn their toos, not only 
to good, but bad account; like the aborigines of Australia, who, 
while they are cunningly diverting your attention with their 
hands, are busily engaged in committing robberies with their 
toes, with which they pick up articles as an elephant would with 
his trunk. So also the I litnloo makes liis Iocs work at the loom 
and weaves with them with almost as much dexterity as with 



his fingers. The Chinese carpenter will hold the piece of wood 
that he is planing, by his foot, like a parrot and will work a 
grindstone with his feet. The Banaat tribe, who are the most 
famous canoe-men on the West African coast, will impel their 
light canoes (weighing from eight to ten pounds) with great 
velocity over the waves, and, at the same time, will use the foot 
to bail out water; and when thay would rest their aims, one leg 
is thrown out on either side of the canoe, ard it is propelled with 
the feet almost as fast as with a paddle. Monsieur Pueornet, who 
died some years ago, was born without hands and was brought 
up as an artist, and annually exhibited at the Louvre pictures 
painted by his feet. The feet of Thomas Roberts, the armless 
huntsman to Sir George Barlow, were made to perform the 
duties of his hands. Also William Kinstone, who, with his 
toes, wrote out his accounts, shaved and dressed himself, sad- 
dled and bridled his horse, threw sledge hammers and fought a 
battle in which he came off victorious. 

Many exquisites of both sexes claim admiration for their pedal 
extremities, but it is the boots and shoes which cover them 
which we are called on to admire. Their feet if bared, would 
present a very great divergence from the classical ideal of 
beauty. The firmly planted foot, neither too large nor too 
small, but justly proportioned t3 the hight and weight it sus- 
tains, the smooth surface aud regularly curved lines, the 
distinctness of the divisions, and the perfect formation of each 
toe, with its well marked separateness and its graduation of size 
and regularity of detail to the very tip of the nail, are now to be 
seen only in art. In Greek Eature they were found, for the 
ancient sandal, which left the foot unfettered, gave freedom 
to the development of its natural grace and porportions. The 
modern boot or shoe, with the prevalent notion that everything 
must be sacrificed to smallness, has squeezed the foot into a 
knotty and irregular lump, where the distorted toes are so em- 
bedded in the mass and mutilated by the pressure that it is 
impossible to pick them out in the individuality and complete- 
ness of their original forms. As our climate forbids the sandal 
and renders the shoe necessary, care should be taken to adapt 
it as perfectly as possible to the natural conformation of the 
foot. It should be long and wide enough to admit a free play 
of the toes; the space between the heel and toes should be 
firm and of a curve the same hight as the natural arch of the 
" foot, while no part of the artificial covering should be so binding 
as to prevent the free action of the muscles aud the circulation 
of the blood. The French foot is meagre, narrow and Ions; the 
Spanish is small and elegantly curved— thanks to its Moorish 
blood corresponding with the Castilian pride — "high in the 
instep." The Arab foot is proverbial for its high arch; "a 
stream can run under the hollow of it." The foot of the 
Scotch is large and thick: that of the Irish flat and square; the 
English short and fleshy. The American foot is ant to be dispro- 
portionately small. A foot, for both beauty and speed, should 
be arohed, fairly Tounded, and its length proportioned to the 
hight of the person. 



Tiioniirr engenders thought, l'lacc one idea on paper, 

i ther will follow it, and still another, until you have written 

a page, you cannof fathom your mind. There is a well of 
thought there which has no bottom; the more you draw from 
il, the more clear and fruitful it will be. If you neglect to 
think for yourself, and use other people's thoughts, giving 

them utterance only, you will never know what you are capa- 
ble of. At first yourideas may conic out in lumps, homely and 
shapeless; but no matter, time anil perseverance will arrange 
ami refine them. 




JTT "VEIN" 1 31i IE IHSTBirCTOB 






|jpi$ |JtJittml$ |(nslrndot|. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. - 


- - - - EDITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


APRIL 1, 1877. 



EIDITOI^I^ILj THZOTTO-IHITS- 






HE great blessing the gospel has brought 
to those who have received it is the know- 
ledge and certainty which it gives concern- 
ing the will of God. A man who obe3 - s 
it knows what course to pursue to please 
the Creator, to secure to himself His 
blessings throughout eternity; he also 
obtains understanding concerning a future 
state of existence and the resurrection of 
'(* the body from the grave. The children of the 
? A) Latter-day Saints can scarcely ever know how 
Ia~, much they owe to the gospel for this certainty, 
rg^w. VQ^ Outside of the Church, one of the most ap- 
jCv^ parent evils to the observer is the divided views, 

/, '.yV*- the clashing sentiments, which men entertain respect- 
v$\W j ing these vital points. Many people who profess to 
^VJV^ be Christians do not believe that the body is resur- 
' ' rected after death. Many professing Christians 
have the vaguest of ideas respecting the nature of their 
future life after the grave. Some even profess to be believers 
in God and in the Bible who do not believe in man's existence 
after death. The great bulk ot the people believe that there 
is no tie that binds together after death wife and husband or 
parent and children. This idea is based upon a misunder- 
standing of the remark of Jesus: "For in the resurrection 
they neither marry, nor are given in marriage, but are as the 
angels of God in heaven." These opposite and conflicting 
views always existed among men where they are destitute of 
direct revelation from God. They existed in the Pagan world 
before the coming of the Savior and they exist as we have 
said in Christend mi to-day. 

The present generation have great admiration for the 
Grecian and Roman philosophy. But the most eminent 
philosophers differed in their views respecting the immortality 
of the soul. S ime believed that death was the end of every- 
thing. According to Socrates, one of the greatest philoso- 
phers of the Pagan world. "Death either extinguishes lite, o- 
em inci] ates il from the thi tld he of the body. Even in 'he 
first place H is a blessing, in the last it is the greatest of 
id, "S "ils either remain after death or 
they perish in death. If they remain they are happy, if they 
perish they are hed.'" Of course, among a people 

who entertained these i uicide was comnnn; and at tre 

present time in this country and in Europe the crime of suicide 
i ir little read irs m iy not understand 

what suicide is. A. person is a suicide, ommits suicide, who 

takes his own life. The reason of its increase at the present 
:: ,, ;- because of the great unbelief that prevails. 
. Pagans generally seemed to have no idea of the necessity 
of repentence of sin. Probahly they practiced a kind of 
repentance, that is, they forsook sin when they became con- 
scious that it was sin: but the idea of bowing down before the 
Lord and confessing their sins and asking forgiveness for them 
does not seem to have entered their minds. Neither did they 
think they were dependent upon God for strength to enable 



them to do right. Very few doubted the possibility of man 
acquiring by his own will a high degree of virtue. They 
thought man by his own exertions and without help from 
God might become so perfect as to even be compared with 
the Gods. Cicero says, "We boast justly of our own virtue, 
which we could not do if we derived it from the Deity and 
not from ourselves." Horace, another Roman writer, told 
the people only to pray for those th'ngs which God gives and 
takes away. "He gives life, He gives wealth; an untroubled 
mind I secure for myself." Another Roman writer said, "It 
is the characteristic of a wise man that he looks foi all his 
good and evil from himself." 

Yet these Pagan writers still had glimpses of the truth. 
Cicero, whom we have quoted, said: "There never was a 
great man without an inspiration from on high." "Nothing," 
said Seneca, "is closed to God. He is present in our con- 
science. He intervenes in our thoughts." "A sacred spirit 
dwells within us, the observer and the guardian of our good 
and evil deeds." "No man is good without God." Seneca 
also says, "God does not keep a good man in prosperity; He 
tries, He strengthens him, He prepares him for Himself." 
Another Roman writes, "Those whom God approves, whom 
He loves, He hardens, He proves, He exercises; but those 
whom He seems to indulge and spare, He preserves for future 
ills." But with ail these beautiful sentiments there was 
mixed a great deal of error and folly, and very frequently the 
men who taught the finest sentiments, failed themselves to 
carry out their doctrines. The elder Cato, who was considered 
a model man, was notorious for his cruelty to his slaves. 
Brutus, another character who was greatly admired, and 
whose example was looked upon as glorious, was a griping 
usurer. It is related that several citizens of Salamis died of 
starvation in prison, because they could not pay the sum he 
demanded. Sallust, an eloquent advocate of doctrines to 
make men happy, was notorious for his rapacity. Seneca, 
one of the greatest philosophers, was a miserable example in 
his own life of the falsity of the Pagan idea that men could 
be perfect without the aid of God. 

The great truth that the gospel reveals, and that is superior 
to all philosophy, is that the man who lives near unto God 
will be made to feel and understand his own weaknesses, and 
that in and of himself he is incapable of attaining to any 
exalted degree of purity. The gospel teaches man his entire 
dependence upon God. No system of philosophy ever did or 
ever can do this; but no man truly understands himself and 
his own nature without the aid of the gospel. In the Church 
of Christ men can be strong; they can be lull of wisdom; they 
en resist evil; they can set examples of virtue, and of courage 
and fortitude; but their ability to do these things and to reach 
this condition of perfection comes from God. They feel and 
understand this, and are fully conscious that if Iefc to them- 
selves an 1 their own strength they would be miserable failures. 
The systems of religion that are now taught among men fail 
to impress this great truth upon them. Man's abilities, man's 
learning, man's experience, man's strength, are all extolled, 
and man gets the glory for that which he accomplishes. 
Colleges are built, schools of theology are established and vari- 
ous means are provided by which to develop man's ability 
and man's wisdom, and men who are thus trained attempt to 
teach the things of God. If they do so in a pleasing manner 
and evince great talent they get the credit of it. But no one 
of these ever thinks about the Holy Ghost teaching men, 
resting down upon them, and filling them with the knowledge 
and power necessary. In their opinion that is done away 




G'TTirZEHSTILIE] HTSTRUOTOR. 




with, and the world to-day is in the position that it was when 
Paganism flourished, with the exception that idolatry is taught 
and practiced now under the name of Christianity. 



THE 



I2STIDI A.-IR/U'IB IB EE, 

TREE. 




Vi7HEN you are drawing, and make a mistake, or a crooked 
V line, j ou are very glad to have a piece of india-rubber 
by you, that you may 
rub out the marks, 
and try again. At 
play, j'ou have india- 
rubber balls that 
bound from the floor, 
or, perhaps, india- 
rubber dolls. These 
are uses of india rub- 
ber that are very im- 
portant to you little 
people, but, after all, 
they are the least 
important of all the 
uses to which it is 
turned; so we shall 
first find out where it 
comes from, and then 
name a few of the 
countless things that 
are made of it. 

Most of the india 
rubber is brought 
from a very beautiful 
place — Para, a pro- 
vince in Brazil, where 
there are forests, the 
grandeur of which no 
words can describe — ■ 
forests of giant trees, 
and strange tropical 
plants, and gorgeous 
flowers. There bright 
birds are screaming 
and calling with wild 
voices to one another; 
among the branches 
monkeys are playing; 
and where the sun- 
shine comes in there 
are insects wh rling 
about, or creeping in 
the warm grass, bright 
as colored sparks. 
This is the home of 
the india-rubber. 

When first the Portuguese settlers went out to Brazil, 
there were many tribes of Indians living in that beautiful 
country. They were accustomed to give to their guests round 
bottles, made of a soft elastic substance After eating, ihese 
bottles were used for squirting water into the mouth, the 
round part of the bottle being squeezed, and at once sending 
the water up through a large reed fixed in it. The Indians 
used the same substance for torches. They made it into 




hollow tubes, about two feet in length, and.these gave a good 
light, and burned a long time. Such candles as these are 
still to be .' een in the city of Para. The Portuguese learned 
from the Indians how to get from certain trees the substance 
of which they were made. They heard it called cahuchu 
by the natives, and imitating the sound they called it 
caou'clioue, which has been adopted as the proper name of 
india-rubber. The province of Para has now a rich trade 
in this one article, and though the trees that supply it are 
found in other hot countries, the Brazilian india-rubber is the 

best, as well as the 
most plentiful. 

The tree from which 
it is taken is one of 
the giants of the 
forest, growing to a 
height ot eighty or a 
hundred feet, and 
sometimes measuring 
seventy feet round 
the trunk. From the 
extreme top the bran- 
ches spread, clothed 
with dark glossy 
leaves. It is said that 
tracts of country may 
be found where, ior 
hundiedsof miles to- 
gether, these trees are 
growing ride by side. 
The natives come to 
them with little earth- 
en cups, and, making 
cuttings in the bark, 
they leave a cup to 
fill under each hole. 
During the course of 
the day a small quan- 
tity (about a tumbler- 
ful) of a thic'i, yellow- 
ish cream oozes out, 
and flows down into 
each cup. When full, 
they are all collected, 
and their contents 
poured into large 
earthen vessi Is. This 
is the caoutchouc : or 
india-rubber, in its 
natural state, and, by 
being poured into 
moulds, mimI dried, it 
can now be formed 
into any shape. Many 
of the natives are 
employed in making 
india-rubber shoes. Tliey take wooden lasts, and cover them 
with clay to prevent them from sticking to the shoe. Then 
they pour the thick caoutchouc all over these moulds, hold 
them for a while over a fire, and then, fastening each on top 
of a stiek planted in the ground, they leave them to dry in 
the Mm. Then the caoutchouc is poured on again, and in 
this way coating after coating is formed, and after each layer 
is put on the shoe is held in the smoke of the wood fire, and 





■=^95 



so 



G*TJ"VE3iTIX J E IHSTBT7CTOR. 



so it gets the dark color, and dries more quickly. The 
caoutchouc is also dried and smoked when it is being made 
into the large thick slabs — the general form in which it is 
shipped from Brazil to all parts of the world. 

Your piece of india-rubber saw a busy scene in the old days 
when it was yet somewhere in one of those slahs, still uncut. 
There were the ships in the river at Para, coming in, and 
setting sail; and the quays heaped with Brazil-nuts, and 
cocoa, and spices, and no end of india-rubber shoes — sticky 
shoes, newly made, and kept apart by being hung from the 
ends of poles; monkeys, and red and blue macaws, that were 
being shipped to different parts, were there perhaps; and 
screeching parrots on their perches, ready to be sent away to 
the dealers across the seas, and, farther op, baskets of 
delicious fruit, and packages of coarse dried fish; and heaps, 
bales, and vast quantities of thick pieces of india-rubber. 
All these things were to be seen about the quays, when your 
india-rubber was lying ready to be put on board the ships at 
Para; and behind all was the town, in the blazing sunshine, 
with its long rows of white walls, its church-spires, and its 
red-tiled roofs. Close behind the farthest of those houses 
were the wonderous forests, where the india-rubber trees 









THE INDIA-RUBBER PLANT. 

Stand, and from whence came those parrots and monkeys, 
which were such favorites with the sailors, and which might 
be seen playing and perching about on the masts and spars 
of the ships. 

W ell, our india-rubber after being shipped to some manu- 
facturing port, was sent at once to a factory, where four or 
five hundred people were at work, many of them being girls 
and women. Here it had to undergo long preparation to 
make it good enough for use. In order to clean it, and leave 
in it only what was perfectly good, it was pulled to pieces 
and put together again. Amid the thunder of machinery 
every slab was torn in shreds, and having been washed in 
«rater, ii was spread out on iron trays and carried away to 
dry in a room heated by steam. When it was all dry it was 
crushed ander heavy rollers. You know how hot and sticky 
a piece of common in lia-rubber becomes when, for some 
time, you squeeze and twi>t it in your fingers. In the same 
way it became 90ft and sticky under the tremendous pressure 
of the iron rollers, till it all adhered in one solid mass. Next 
it was immersed in water, and, while still under the surface, 
it was cut in thin slices with strong sharp knives, and these 



slices again were cut in small squares — which you buy for a 
trifle, and use for rubbing out your pencil marks. 

Its use for rubbing out marks was not known in this 
country till the end of the last century, and then it was first 
called india-rubber. About a hundred years ago, in the year 
1770, a certain Dr. Priestley was writing a book on drawing, 
and he told his readers that he had seen "a substance" — 
there was no name for it then you see — "excellently adapted 
to the purpose of wiping from paper the marks of a black- 
lead pencil." Then he named one shopkeeper in London 
from whom it might be bought, adding that he sold a square 
piece of it, about half an inch in size, for three shillings, and 
warranted it to last for several years. 

Elastic is made from the same substance as india-rubber. 
In its manufacture it is cut into long thin threads; and in 
making flat or braid elastic, these threads are woven together 
with a covering of silk or cotton. The same substance is 
used in making surgical instruments with tubes that can be 
bent at pleasure; and bands of it put round the joinings, 
make the glass tubes used by chemists air-tight. Pipes and 
garden hose, springs of railway carriges and buffers, shoes or 
goloshes to protect the feet from wet, waterproof coats, 
varnish, and a kind of glue that is immensely strong — here 
are some useful things made of india-rubber, and named at 
random. India-rubber bags filled with air form the air-beds 
and cushions which give such ease to the sick who have been 
long suffering, and need a very soft and yielding resting-place. 

There is a very useful form of india-rubber, in the manu- 
facture of which sulphur and other chemicals are used, and 
it is said to be vulcanized. This kind is made in two forms, 
hard and soft. The soft kind is used in numberless ways; 
for instance, it forms those bands for machinery which you 
will often see in a factory rushing round and round over two 
wheels, with a whirring noise. A pavement has been made 
of it, which is strong and even, as well as noiseless. Hard 
vulcanized india-rubber is called vulcanite, or sometimes, 
ebonite. It is not elastic — you cannot stretch or bend it like 
other india-rubber— but it takes a beautiful polish and can be 
cut into any shape. Knife-handles and combs are made of 
it, and sometimes curious looking but handsome furniture. 
All those little articles of ornament which are made of jet 
can also be formed of this sort of india-rubber, and thus 
chains, bracelets, and ear-rings which, if they were of jet, 
would be expensive, can be sold for a fraction of what the 
other would cost, and it is almost impossible to detect that 
they are only made of black vulcanite. Looking at one of 
those bracelets, with its hard polished surface, or at the 
black shuttle thai girls use in their tatting, or the ball that a 
boy's hand keeps bounding from the floor, it is very hard to 
realize that the jet-like ornament, the shuttle, and the ball, 
were once that creamy yellowish juice shut up in a grand 
tall tree, amid the balmy odors at.d the tropical beat of the 
forest. 



A GREAT man is affable in his converse, generous in his 
temper, and immovable in what he has maturely resolved 
upon; and as prosperity does not make him haughty and 
imperious, so neither does adversity sink him into mean, 
ness and dejection; for if ever he shows more spirit than 
ordinary, it is when he is ill-used, and the world frowns upon 
him; in short, he is equally removed from the extremes of 
servility and pride, and scorns either to trample upon a worm, 
or sneak to an emperor. 




»v 



vJTJ^rEinsriLE hvtstructob. 



81 




ifjjograjjhg. 



j~ o s is j? ih: smith, 

IE 3 !R, O IF H IE T . 



THE 



( Continued. ) 




DURING the days of trial at Kirtland, referred to in our 
last number, it was almost as much as a man's life was 
worth to be found defending Joseph; and among the prominent 
men in the Church, there were but few who had enough of the 
Spirit of the Lord and of courage to stand by him in those 
days of great trouble. But there were some of the Elders who 
never wavered or flinched. The hatred and opposition of the 
enemies of truth only made them cling closer to Joseoh. 
Their courage rose with the occasion, and they rallied around 
him with the devotion of true friendship. In those days of 
trial President Brigham Young stood forward with great fear- 
lessness, and distinguished himself by his steadfastness in 
maintaining the truth in the face of all opposition. About 
this time the Lord revealed to Joseph that something must be 
done for the salvation of His Church, which resulted in the 
appointment of a foreign mission, and in the reorganization 
of the Church, the quorums having become disaffected and 
filled with apostasy. President Heber C. Kimball, who was 
one of the Twelve Apostles, was set apart to preside over a 
miss'on to En .eland, to b3 the first foreign mission of the Church 
of Christ in the last days. President Orson Hyde, who was 
also one of the Twelve Apostles, was set apart to accompany 
President Heber 0. Kimball. Elder Willard Richards, Priest 
Joseph Eielding were also set apart for this mission. Brother 
Richards was an Elder at the time of his appointment to this 
mission. He remained in England while Presidents Kimball 
and Hyde returned to the United States; and, while there, was 
chosen to be one of the Twelve Apostles in the place of one 
who had fallen, and was ordained when President Brigham 
Young and a number of others of the Twelve went to that 
country o 1 ) missions 

On Tuesday, June 13th, 1837, the brethren who had been 
appointed on missions to England, took their journey from 
Kirtland. Upon reaching New York they were joined by 
Elder John Goodson, one of the Seven'ies and Elder Isaa? Rus- 
sel, and John Snider, a Prie-t; these three brethren were from 
Canada. The Elders now numbered seven: Heber C. Kimball, 
Orson Hyde, "Willard Richards, Joseph Fielding, John Good- 
son, Isaac Russel and John Snider. Before leaving Kirtland, 
President Kimball was ridiculed and called a fool for listening 
to Joseph and being willing to go on a foreign mission, and 
this, too, by men who were then numbered among the Twelve 
Apostles; but who afterwards were cut off. Unbelief and 
apostasy prevailed to a very great extent; but the faith of 
those who were faithful shone the brighter by the contrast. 

The lapse of nearly thirty years has .settled the question as 
to who were the fools and who the wise men in this matter. The 
Elders who obeyed the requirements of the Lord made through 
His prophet, have proved themselves to be truly wise; whi'e 
those who refused to submit to Him, and opposed His servants, 
have plainly Bhowo their folly. The men of the one class have 
grown and increased in everything that is great and godlike, 

inning respect and love from all the good, and leaving pre- 



cious memories behind them; while those of the other class 
have continued to sink lower and lower until they are held in 
contempt or are entirely forgotten. 

What a lesson does this portion of the history convey ! 
Here were men holding the same priesthood and calling and 
having the same opportunities one with another. A certain 
number of them live so before the Lord that they always have 
the light and strength of His Spirit to be with them in every 
time of trial and temptation. In loving and defending the 
truth, and in sustaining the priesthood, they never fail; their 
knees never tremble, their hands never shake, their hearts 
never sink, though they may be in the midst of the greatest 
persecutions and trials. Thousands upon thousands hang 
upon the words they speak, as though they were angels, and 
the numbers of these are continually increasing. Another 
portion neglect their duties, grieve the Holy Spirit, lose its 
assistance and are left to themselves. They become weak; in 
the time of difficulty they waver and fell; they betray others. 
Their names are not remembered with respect bv any. They 
sink dishonored. 

Can our little readers understand why there is such a differ- 
ence in the fates of these men who start together, and with 
such similar advantages, on the great gospel race? What is 
the difference between the Apostle who faithfully presides 
over the people of God, honored and blessed by the entire 
Church, with a name and fame that extend throughout the 
earth, and the Apostle who apostatized and died a miserable 
man, destitute of hono v , and an object o" pity to all who ki e v 
him? One has been faithful to his God and true to his breth- 
ren; the other was unfaithful to his God and false to his breth- 
ren. Children, these were the causes of difference. "Will you 
profit by fhpse examples? Boys and girls, as well as men and 
women, will be rewarded according to their works. The reward 
may not come as quickly as you may think it should; but, if 
you are patient, it will come nevertheless. 

On the first of July, ItSoT, the missionaries sailed from New 
York for Liverpool, England, at which place they landed on 
the twentieth of that month. Four of the Elders — H. C. 
Kimbal', 0. Hyde, W. Richards : n 1 J. Goodson — jumped into 
a small boat and were rowed to shore. When near the Ian ling 
place President Kimball sprang from the boat, and was the first 
to get on shore. From Liverpool they proceeded to Preston. 
They reached the latter town on election day, and as they 
alighted from the coach, a large flag was unfurled nearly over 
their heads, on which was painted, in letters of gold, "Truth 
"Will Prevail." To strangers landing in a strange land, 
whh a message of life and salvation to declare unto the people, 
you may be sure the sight of this flag with its motto was very 
encouraging. They must have felt that it was sent there as a 
revelation from the Lord purposely to cheer them, 

Brother Joseph Fielding had a brother in Preston who wasa 
preacher. The brethren went to his chapel the first Sunday 
morning they were in the town, and without being asked by 
them, he gave notice to his congregation that there were some 
ministers (rom America present, and they would preach in the 
afternoon. This kindness on his part made the missionaries 
feel very joyful. In the afternoon President Kimball gave the 
congregation a sketch of the Church from its first organiza- 
tion in these latter days, and Brother Hyde followed him, and 
bore testimony to the same. Thus was the key turned and the 
door of the gospel opened to a great nation and to the contin- 
ent of Europe, teeming with its millions. A foundation of a 
mighty work was laid, but man could not claim the honor of it; 
the faithful Elders engaged in the labor gave the glory to God, 





82 



J'TT^IEIN-ILIE INSTRUCTOR. 




They landed in England destitute of means, friendless and 
feeling their own weakness and want of learning. But God 
gave them means; He raised them up friends; He made them 
strong and mighty in convincing the honest-in-heart of the truth 
and in bringing souls unto Him. They went forth bearing 
precious seed in much weakness and tribulation; but they 
returned with exceeding great joy, the Lord having given them 
an abundant harvest for their labors. 

{To be Continued.) 



HTOIDE2STTS O :F 
MISSION. 



BY ELDER C. 



C Continued.) 

ELDER C had not been staying with kind Mr. M., the 
merchant, long before he had an opportunity to see how 
awfully dark the minds of people become by denying the 
faith and sinning against the Holy Spirit, after drinking 
from the fountain of truth and receiving the gift of the Holy 

Ghost. There were a number of this class in C , and 

they took delight in tormenting Elder C. by opposinar his 
religion and labors. They were generally filled with a 
i|iuirrolsome spirit and always wanted to debate and argue 
and would continually challenge Elder C. to a public 
discussion of some of his religious principles. But Elder 
C. declined to accept their challenge. It seemed to Elder C. 
as though they weie always surrounded by wicked spirits, 
whose presence and influence he could plainly feel. Probably 
this was really the case, for wicked spirits who have no body 
or are out of the body, delight to keep company with wicked 
men and women in the flesh, and to influence them to tell lies 
and commit all kinds of sin and wickedness. If people will 
pray to the Lord and keep His commandments and seek the 
Holy Spirit, these wicked spirits will flee from them. Chil- 
dren should remember this and act accordingly. 

At length the way was opened up for Elder C. to hold 

some meetings in a village near C , in a little church 

which was owned by his k'nd friend, the merchant. Nearly 
the whole population of this village consisted of coal miners 
and their families, and in it were some very extensive coal 
mine-, owned by Mr. M., as was also the land on which the 
whole village stood. The first meeting was crowded, ami the 

people seei 1 pleased with what they had heard, and Elder 

('. wis requested to hold another meeting. He made an 
appointment for the following Sabbath, which he filled, the 
bouse being more crowded than before. By request he made 
another appointment for the next Sabbath, ami during the 
n ext fnvr days |',.|t very well in spirits, and felt to thank the 
Lord for (riving him such good opportunities to bear his 
testimony to the 1 pie. Before tin' work was nut ami the 

Sabbath bad arrived, he heard a hint once or twice that all 
would not pass oil' 80 Bmoothly at the next meeting, and that 
there would be a man on hand to debate with him ami prove 
tin- doctrines which he preached to bo false Hut the man 
himself kept out of the way. .V tlm proper time meeting 
was opened by the congregation singing a hymn, followed by 
a prayer by ELDER C., then another hymn, and then ELDER 
C. rose and spoke. All was as quiet and orderly a- need be 
while bo spoke, ami be brouL'ht bis remarks to a close by 
bearim.' bis testimony to the truth of the doctrines of the 
Latter-day Saint-. lb- then gave out a hymn, and immed- 



iately a man arose from a corner where he had been sitting 
almost out of sight of Elder C, and said in a very excited 
mauner, that many things which Elder C. had preached 
were false, and that his doctrines were false, and that he 
was there tor the purpose ol proving them to be such. 
Elder C. spoke up and told him if he had anything to say 
he had better step up into the stand. The man, whose name 
was Thomas Stafford, (we give his full name without asking 
his consent) then stepped up behind the little table which 
served for a pulpit, while Elder C. took a seat near it. 
Stafford then proceeded in a very wild, excited way, to 
denounce the remarks which Elder C. had just made, called 
him man}' very bad names, and the longer he talked the more 
frantic he became. He fairly bellowed like a mad bull. He 
stamped and used dreadful language, and once he turned to 
Elder C, who only smiled at his ravings, and shook his fist 
in the latter' s face, threatening to try what he could do to 
make Elder C. stop preaching in the County. Elder C. 
only smiled at his threat, which made Stafford still more 
enraged. He frothed at the mouth and continued to roar 
out his venomous abuse till one of his aquaintances in the 
audience told him he bad better stop for it was time to close 
the meeting. He then told Elder C. that he must debate 
with him, saying: "I challenge you here in public to meet 
me in public debate this evening, and if you don't do it, I 
brand you as a coward who dares not defend his own religion, 
for you know it is false," or words to that effect. Mr. M. 
then spoke up and told him he guessed Elder C. would 
meet him, and asked the latter if he would. Feeling forced 
to accept the challenge, and feeling prompted to do so by the 
Spirit, Elder C promised to be on baud that evening, and 
to hold a debate with Stafford. How the matter came out 
will duly appear. 

( To lie (JonHnned.) 



JOTTIN"GS ON" THIE SUS- 



IiV A. MILTON MUSSER. 



( Concluded. ) 

rjMlK Dunkatds baptize by immersion but not as we do. 

. The appliemt kneels down in the water, waist deep, and 
is immersed three times, face forward, each time in the 
respective names of tin Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. 

The males wear their hair and > eard long. The females 
tuck their hair up under a neat white muslin cap. Notwith- 
standing the care and frequent combings the men no doubt 
give their hair, being without the restraints of a tuck comb 
or white muslin cap, or ribbon, or other device, so common to 
ladies of fashion, it soon resembles the dishevelled mane of a 
horse on a windy day, and must be very annoying to the 
wearer. An ?m .'roomed man is not "an object of interest" 
to me. 

Their meetings were conducted something like ours. They 
sang and exhorted a number of times before they opened with 
prayer. They always offer two prayers at the opening and 
two at the closing of their worship, by two different persons 
at each time. The prayers an 1 exhortations are in German 
and English, or both, just as the hearers niay have under- 
standing. 

Not long since I attended a Quaker service in this borough, 
as these small places are called. They had no singing at all. 
The preacher, after communing a-while with himself, arose 



fe&; 





CT TT ^T IE £T I IL IE? IUSTRUCTOB 



S3 





and asked the congregation to engage for a while in medita- 
tive, reflective, silent prayer. They do not pray vocally. 
There we sat silent enough to "hear a pin fall," some looking 
as if dazed toward the ceiling, but most of them with their 
chins resting on their breasts. After a while the speaker 
broke the silence by rising and delivering an old-fashioned 
Lorenzo Dow like sermon (look in some biography for the 
life of Dow — it is worth reacting). The meeting was closed 
in the same silent manner. 

While staying at Lancaster City, some weeks back, Elder 
Whitney and I attended a Negro Methodist meeting. The 
speaker took for his text "And the net gathereth all kind= of 
fish." He named some twenty-four different kinds of fish 
and applied their general habits and characteri-tii s to the habiis 
and acts of mankind generally. He was particularly severe on 
the professions — lawyers, doctors, etc. Wten be came to 
the saw-fish he cauterized the carpen'ers. The big fish living 
o'l the smaller ones he likened unto the rich farming the poor. 
His remarks were made in regular sledge-hammer style. I 
will add they werj both arnu ing and instruct' ve, and, 10 us 
Utonians, they formed a rich evening's entertainment. 

Winter is the "revival' season for all churches. As a 
general thing, I very much like the singing I hear at most all 
these places of worship. They sing so earnestly and with 
such sweet melody. The absence of that stiff" mechanical 
exertion is marked. Of course I don't like the great number 
of repetitions they indulge in; to me the more primitive the 
service, the more pleasing is the music. 

Most all the "conversions" made are when the singing is 
the loudest and the excitement is the highest. To calmly 
reason with people so as to convince their judgments is not 
the fashion or mode adopted so universally at revival and 
camp meetings. They shout and sing y< II and threaten the 
vengeance of God, till the young and many of the females are 
frightened into submission. I allude more particularly to the 
Methodist mode. The Latter-day Saints know that such 
doings are displeasing to God and that harm ins'ead of good 
results therefrom. You, no doubt, have heard Parson Pierce, 
the editor of the Salt Lake Christian {?) Advocate (? mark 
after a word means doubtful or questionable. In this instance 
it means questionable Christian) who, by the way, is a bitter 
enemy of the Saints, called the distinguished "plate passer." 
To my surprise somewhat I found it is almo-t a universal 
custom among the churches to collect tolls during religious 
seivices by passing a plate or basket or hat or other vessel 
under any person's nose in the congregation. The Punkard 
and Quaker meetings I attended were exceptions to this rule. 
In several churches they have "alms" boxes fastened to the 
door frame or casing, in which passers in or out are invited 
to deposit their offerings. In one place there were 
printed invitations enclosed in an envelope and stuck in a 
receptacle on which was an invitation to "take one" as you pass 
in or out of the church. On reading the card you are told 
that by enclosing your offering in the envelope, which is 
already addressed to the clergyman, and mailing or sending 
it to the post, the name and amount shall be duly credited — 
I suppose in the book of dollars and cents. 

The members of the Church of Cod, or Winebrenarians, as 
they are called, always pray on taking their seats in church. 
They either lean forward on their hands or backward on the 
backs of their seats and offer up a few words of silent prayer. 
On entering one of their churches not far from here, T observe i 
on one side, suspended against the wall, a notice to tobacco 
chewers not to spit on the floor. This caution is entirely 



unnecessary on the ladies' side ot the house (Boys, don't you 
chew nor smoke tobacco). The floors of some of the churches 
are terribly filthy from this vile and dirty habit of the men. 

A Lutheran minister (a believer in the particular doctrines 
of Manin Luther, a great reformer) some time ago, in my 
hearing, took for his text "Stick to Jesus." He would very 
often urge his hearers to "Hold on to Jesus." "Come, stick to 
Jesu r ," he would say with great fervor. He was a fine actor. 
One of the popular theories, or delusions, is a much more 
proper word, is that man can do nothing to save and exalt 
himself except to say "I believe in and love Jesus," that Jesus 
will do all else necessary to his salvation and exaltation. In 
other words, man can do everything to damn himself, but 
nothing to save himself. How inconsistent! What folly! 
We must always season our faith by good and wholesome and 
interesting works, else our faith will do us no good. If man 
has faith enough to sow the grain, God will fructify it and 
give the increase. 

In most all of the religious meetings I attended I observed 
that the rich and the most costly attired get nearest the pulpit. 
Few young people, and fewer children attent these services; 
women are invariably the most numerous worshipers. 

I forgot to tell you that the Dunkards, as a rule, wear 
broad-brimmed hats and shad-bellied coats, so that you may 
know a Pninkard wherever you meet him. 

In the Catholic cemetery, at Lancaster, I observed on a great 
many of the monuments and gravestones this sentiment: "Of 
your charity pray for the repose of the soul," and "Maybe 
rest in peace." 



SUHDAY LESSONS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



HISTORY OK JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON L. 



Q.— Where did Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon go to after 
the Conference of Sept 3, 1837? 

A.. — Missouri. 

Q._What did they go for? 

A. — To find places for the Saints to gather. 

Q.— In what County were the Saints gathered at this time? 

A. — Caldwell Co , Missouri. 

Q.— What did Joseph give instructions about? 

A. — T} e town site of Far West, and the building of the Lord's 
house. 

Q — Did he remain long here? 

A. — No; he returned to Kirtland in December. 

Q. — What was the condition of the Church, in Kirtland, at 
that time? 

A.— Many had apostatized, and were filled with hatred against 
the servants of the Lord. 

Q.— Did Joseph remain long in Kirtland? 

A.— No, on the 12th of January, 1838, he and Sidney Itigdon 
were obliged to leave to escape mob violence. 

Q. — Who left about the same time? 

A.— Brigbam Ycung 

Q.— When did they reach Far West? 

A- On the 14th of March, 18:)8. 

Q — What took place a short time after their arrival? 

A.— Several of the apostles were cut oil" from the Church for 
transgression. 

Q. — Where did Joseph go after this? 

A. — Ho went to lay off stakes of Zion in Davis Co. 

Q. — What was the name of the city they wore going to build 
up? 



-Adam-ondi-ahmnn. 







34= cru^rEnsrirjEi iitstbtjotor. 



THUS S TJ 3sT 3D .A. IT SOUOOH. TOLTJITTBERS 




Words by J. L. Townsend. 



Music by Wm. Ci.aysox. 






dvz==z=: 



--J- 



-^i=-i=*=: 



band Of chil-dren, tried and 








"We'll seek recruits along the street, 

Wherever we can find. 
Where boys or girls, on Sunday meet, 

To play with truant mind; 



Inviting them to volunteer, 
Our ranks will soon be full; 

And all the children will appeal 
Within our Sabbath school. 



A good man is like the day, enlightening and warming 
all he shines on, and is always ascending upwards to a region 
of more constant purity. The bad man is like the night, 
dark, and scattering fears and unwholesome vapors upon all 
which rest beneath. 



Attley, Josiah Burrows. Jno. Kelson, Ezra Stevenson, F. J. 
W. Heulett, Charles Brain and William J. Hall, Salt Lake 
City. 




The answer to the Enigma published in No. 5 is St. 
George Temple. We have received correct solutions from 
Annie Swenson, Pleasant Grove; Clara F. Mitchell, Fillmore; 
George II. Draper, Herriman; Jno. Walton, Isabella Walton, 
.Mill ''reek; Nancy II. Hunt, Luanna Booth, E. M. Allred. 
St. Charles; Andrew Eggertson, S. Eggertson, Provo; Henry 
Hadderlid, Samuel Hammer, Providence; Maria Beazer, Wm. 
H. Beazer, Kaysville; J. II. Watkins, Ogden; Collins D. W. 
Fullmer, Clarkston; Elise V. Christensen, Ephraim; Ilyrum 
F. Richards, Sarah E. Richards, Farmington; W. G. Brewer, 
Hennefcrville; C. L. Olson, Logan; Chas. Lindholm, Tooele. 
Also from Alexander F. Ledingham, Lorenzo Waldrum, P. 



CTTJ^'EzsriTi.E I2stst:r/u-oto:r, 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST k FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TEEMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — 12,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^^■Onice, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




