I 



pijlhuss ta llje '§Gx)i\ 




VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, JUNE 22, 1872. 



NO. 13. 



oo:m:is^ek.oe. 



OUR engraving, this week, is neither excellent nor beautiful ; 
but it might be both, and a much less suggestive one than 
it is. Look at it for a moment or two, carefully, and tell what 
you discover. There is a bos, bale and cask, all of which are 
used to pack merchandise in ; and the parties congregated 
about them are evidently merchants, that is, men engaged in 
commercial pursuits; and as these merchants are of different 
national i t i e s 
the engraving, 
as a whole, is 
typical, and 
suggestive o f , 
the effects and 
results of trade, 
or commerce. 

But without, 
at present, say- 
ing anything 
further about 
the picture, we 
will have a few 
words with our 
young readers 
on, what may 
be called, the 
first principles 
of trade , or 
commerce. It 
is a subject that 
to the great ma- 
jority of young 
minds will not 
be very enter- 
taining; like all 
useful studies, 
it is dry, and 
lacks the ele- 
ments neces- 
.sary to amuse, 
and requires 
mental effort to 

grasp and comprehend it. Trade or commeroo lies at the 
foundation of progress, and sustains national and individual 
life, and tliis should be ineentive sufficient to our readers to 
study it; but to thoroughly understand the financial and com- 
mercial systems of the world, and the principles which underlie 
hem, requires years of study, observation and practice. 







It is easy enough for all who will think for a moment to com- 
prehend that necessity and self-interest are the mainsprings of 
commerce, and that without these incentives it would soon die. 
But as they must always exist as long as man has necessities 
to provide for and desires for wealth to gratify, we shall, pro- 
babl.v, never see a time when trade will cease. 
But we will now endeavor to show to our young friends, as 

briefly and as 
simply as possi- 
ble, that our 
necessities, and 
our desires for 
wealth, are the 
mainsijrings of 
trade, and that 
this is univer- 
sally true. 

You have all 
heard, when 
attending meet- 
ings, the speak- 
ers dwell, a t 
times, on the 
necessity of the 
people of Utah 
encouragin g 
home manufiic- 
tures, and of 
doing all they 
can to become 
self-sustaining. 
The importance 
of this is very 
obvious, f r 
just as long as 
any people, 
have to send 
abroad for most 
of the articles 
they need for 
their use and 

convenience, they are in a partial state of slavery, and are kept 
miserably poor. This has been so fully demonstrated in our 
history, that no words are necessary to prove its truth, experi- 
ence has done this completely. On this account the statesmen 
and leaders in all communities and nations are anxious to have 
their people become self-sustaining and independent. But save 






*^ 



98 



J- TJ ^ E I^TI Xj E IlLTSTI^.TJOTOI^/. 



hi^^ 



in countries of large extent, and possessing a great variety of 
dimate this is impossible to its fullest extent. 

Our own country — the United States — has probably a greater 
variety of climate, more varied and extensive resources, and 
more of the skill necessary to develop those resources than any 
other, and has everything •within its borders necessary to make 
the people independent of all nations on the earth. Her 
variety of climate enables the United States to produce immense 
quantities of fruits, grains, and anuual food of every kind ; 
•while her beds of coal, iron, copper, silver, lead, tin, gold, and 
every other useful metal ; her quarries of marble and stone, and 
her immense forests, all combined, furnish everything that is 
necessary to make her people great, powerful and prosperoua. 
But notwithstanding all this the American nation is not self- 
sustaining, and there are reasons which will prevent this being 
the case for a long time to come. We will very briefly notice one 
or two of those reasons, so that you may know how trade and 
commerce originate and why they are sustained. 

For instance, America has larger beds of coal and iron than 
any other nation known, but the country is almost inconceivably 
vast in extent, and these valuable mineral deposits very often 
lie far apart, and as large supplies of manufactured iron must 
be continually had, for rails for railroads, and a thousand other 
things, and it cannot be worked to advantage unless coal is near 
at hand, it remains to a great extent undeveloped ; and America 
buys a portion of her iron from other countries, because she cau 
do so cheaper than she can develop and manufacture her own. 
Here you see that necessity and self-interest both step in, lead 
to, and buUd up an extensive and very profitable branch of 
trade between this country, and the country or countries from 
which she buys her iron. 

Let us now, in fancy, cross to Great Britain, a small island 
the other side of the Atlantic Ocean, very rich in iron and coal, 
which, lying very often side by side, enable her to supply the 
•world, almost, with manufactured iron, and all articles made of 
iron or steel. 3Iost of the foreign iron brought to this country 
comes from Great Britain ; and as all kinds of grain, as well as 
beef, pork, rice, tobacco, and many other things actually neces- 
sary to sustaiu man, and to minister to his real or fancied wants 
can be raised much more readily here than in England, an 
exchange of those commodities is gladly made, it being profit- 
able to both nations. 

Again, Great Britain has larger and more numerous establish- 
ments for the manufacture of cotton and woolen goods than any 
other nation ; but she can not raise the cotton at all, and but 
small quantities of wool, consequently she has to buy the raw 
material from other nations; and as America produces more 
wool and grows more cotton than any other nation, a very 
heavy trade is carried on between this country and Great 
Britain in these things, America changing her raw material for 
the manufactured article; and in this way both nations exchange, 
and procure a supply of these several articles cheaper than they 
can obtain them in any other way, and so long as they do that, 
the trade is sure to continue. 

As it is with the two countries already named, so it is with 
others: every one jiroduces or manufactures something or other, 
cheaper than any other nation can, and necessity and avarice at 
once lead to the estabhshment of trade marts wherever the best 
markets can be found. 

You all know that China is the great tea-producing country 
of the world ; Brazil is thi greatest coffee-producing country, 
the West Indies are the greatest sugar producers, and while 
they make specialties of these products, they also need the iron, 
the cluthing, the knives and forks, the crockery, glass and 
wooden ware, made in other countries, and self-interest leads 
to trading between the several nations, and this ■will never 
cease, for whatever efforts after independence are made, the 
climate and resources of nations will always enable them to 
excel their neighbors in the production of some things, and so 



a system of exchanges wUl be gladly resorted to and continued. 

We may see this illustrated in the case of France and Great 
Britain. They are close neighbors, but France, owing to her 
climate, will always excel Britain in the manufacture of wine 
and silk; and Britain, as long as her wonderful stores of iron 
and coal last, will be ahead of France in every branch of manu- 
facture in which an abundance of these materials is the chief 
element of success; hence you see that there is not the least 
probability of the trade between the two countries being dis- 
continued. 

Fro;u the preceding you will readily understand why it is 
that the commerce of the world is so immense ; but to gain an 
insight into the manner in which this is conducted, enabling the 
most distant nations to transact business with each other 
promptly and correctly, would require long and careful study ; 
and if we could so condense the details of the system as to give 
you the information in this article, it would not be likely to be 
interesting to the youthful reader. 

Enough has been said to sliow the necessity for commerce 
between the nations, and though the motives which lead to it 
are eminently selfish, the trade so established does immense 
good. It enriches the individuals who make it their special 
bu.siness, and places innumerable comforts and conveniences 
within the reach of millions of the human race which they 
could not otherwise enjoy. And while, as suggested in our 
engraving, it brings together the merchants of all nations — the 
Chinaman, negro, Eussian, Jew, American, Englishman, Pole, 
Frenchman, Armenian, Indian, Turk and so forth, it also 
breaks down any spirit of isolation and hostility that may 
prevail, and, to some extent, promotes good feelings and 
kindness among the people of the various nationalities which 
they represent. 



h: T s 



T O I^ IT O IF 

o HI TJ i^ o h:. 

(Continued.) 



THE] 



DURING the month of February, 184G, while those who had 
started from Nauvoo on their westward journey were 
encamped on Sugar Creek, news reached them of a movement 
in New York, set in operation lor the purpose of swindling 
them out of the homes they expected to acquire on reaching 
their destination in the West. According to letters received 
from Samuel Brannan, who had been acting as agent for the 
Church in New York, it appeared that a number of men, 
among whom were Amos Kendall, formerly Postmaster General 
of the United States, and A. G. Benson, had conspired to raise 
the impression that the Government had the power and right, 
and would exercise the same to disarm the Saints, prevent tiieir 
movement westward and cause them to disperse. They had 
convinced Brannan that this was really the case, and also that 
they possessed the necessary influence to avert the calamity, 
and were willing to do so on certain conditions. The conditions 
were that if the Saints should be allowed to pursue their journey 
without molestation from the Government, they, on reaching 
their destination, should deed one half of thier landed posses- 
sions — every alternate lot or section — to this combination of 
men, among whom, as they represented, was the President of 
the United States, though his name was not to be used in the 
matter. Elder Brannan in his zeal and anxiety to save the 
Church from trouble, allowed these men to draw up an article of 
agreement, containing the above stipulations, which he signed 
on the part of the Church, and A. G. Benson for the other 
party, and then forwarded it to Nauvoo to have it sanctioned by 
the leading men of the Church, in order to have it ratified. 

This effort to defraud the Saints was so transparent that Presi- 
dent Young and the prominent men of the camp, to whom 



%i^^- 



x^ 




CTTJVEI^ILEJ IIsrSTI^TJOTOI^. 



^^ 



the matter was submitted, readily saw through it ; and notwith- 
standing that Elder Brannan seemed so sanguine that the 
intentions of the schemers were honest, and had in good faith 
attached his signature to it, the authorities of the Church were 
not so credulous, and accordingly the document never received 
their sanction. 

President Young and a few others of the camp returned to 
Nauvoo on the 18th of February and remained there during the 
following Sunday to preach to and encourage those who remain- 
ed in the city. During the meeting considerable excitement 
was caused by the floor of the Temple, in which they were 
assembled, settling a little, with a cracking sound. The conster- 
nation which ensued was intense, and two men — apostates— who 
were in the assembly, were so overcome by fear that they 
actually jumped out of the window, which resulted in one of 
them breaking his leg and the other his arm, besides smashing 
the glass of the window in making their hasty exit. Presi- 
dent Young tried in vain to allay the fears of the people and 
explain to them the cause of alarm, and finally adjourned 
the meeting to the grove near by, though the snow covered the 
ground to the depth of a foot. 

Notwithstanding that strict charges had been given the 
Saints by the authorities to provide themselves with a good 
supply of provisions previous to starting, it was found that 
many of those encamped at Sugar Creek were destitute of food, 
having provided only sufficient for a few days. President 
Young and others in the camp, who had started out with a 
better supply of provisions, and grain for their animals, shared 
with those in need, and efforts were made by many of the 
brethren to obtain work in Iowa, in which quite a number 
were successful. Several jobs of cutting timber and husking 
corn were taken, by which the Saints obtained some means to 
help them on their journey. 

On the 2Sth of February a petition was addressed to the Gov- 
ernor of Iowa by the authorities of the Church, imploring his 
protection and influence in favor of the Saints while on their 
journey to a land of exile, or while remaining in that Territory 
working for an outfit, or raising a crop on rented or unclaimed 
land, in case necessity should force any of them to do so. 

During the month there were arrivals almost every day of 
families from Illinois at the camp on Sugar Creek. The suffer- 
ing of the people in traveling, and even after their arrival in the 
camp, was intense, as the cold was extremely severe nearly the 
whole of the time, and the Saints but poorly provided with 
shelter and clothing. 

On the 1st of January the camp renewed their journey, 
traveling in a north-westerly direction. They encountered 
many difficulties in traveling, as the roads were very bad and 
the teams insufficient for the loading. On starting out 
they were only partially organized in companies. After travel- 
ing a few days President Young was chosen as leader of the 
camp, and he proceeded to organize in such a manner as to 
enable them to travel agreeably. The pioneers were directed to 
take the lead, to open roads and prepare the way, and the 
others to follow in order under the direction of their several 
sub-leaders. 

In Nauvoo preparations for the removal continued. The 
work on the Temple was also prosecuted, and the greatest 
anxiety of the Saints seemed to be to complete that edifice as 
far as possible, and prepare an outfit for their journey. There 
were a great many apostates there who continued to do 
all in their power to create disunion, but their influence 
was limited. The Saints generally were united in trying to 
carry out the counsel given them by President Young previous 
to starting. Quite a number of men who had formerly been 
prominent in the Church and turned away through transgression 
were endeavoring to create schisms. John E. Page, formerly 
one of the Twelve Apostles, was very bitter in his denunciation 
of the authorities of the Church, and in a public speech to the 



people of Nauvoo advised them to accept J. J. Strang, another 
apostate, as their leader. Strang had succeeded in raising quite 
a number of followers, and indeed a certain class of persons who 
had been members of the Church and who had not the Spirit 
of God, were ready to listen to and believe the false doc- 
trines of any person who might start out with a pretended new 
revelation fi-om God to lead them. In illustration of this we 
may mention that about the time of which we write, a man 
named C. W. Wandell wrote an article purporting to be a reve- 
lation from God to J. J. Strang and sent it to one of his followers 
to see what effect it would have among those of his class. This 
man read it in a public meeting, and testified that he knew it 
was from the Lord, and it was immediately accepted by the 
others as a direct revelation from the Lord ; but Wandell, see- 
ing the credence it gained, informed them that he was the 
author of it, that Strang never saw it and that the Lord had 
nothing to do with it. 

Wandell was very much to blame for this deception. His 
attempt to deceive the people by the false use of the name of 
the Lord was sinful and blasphemous. He, himself, soon 
after lost the Spirit of the Lord and fell into darkness, and 
though some years afterwards he renewed his covenants and 
went on missions, he again lost his standing and was, the last 
we heard of him, an opponent to the Church. 

Luke Johnson, formerly one of the Twelve Apostles, who 
had for some time been out of the Church, confessed his error, 
about this time, in a public meeting in Nauvoo and expressed a 
desire to again connect himself with the Churcli, and journey 
with them in the wilderness. He accordingly renewed his 
covenants and became a member of the Church and remained 
so until his death, which occurred in this Territory. 
{To be continued.) 



THIE HIOK/SESIiOEl. 

AFARBIER went to town one day, accompanied by his 
son, little Thomas. 

" See 1" said he to him on the way, "there is a broken horse- 
shoe in the road ; pick it up and put it in your pocket." 

''0 no, father." replied Thomas, ''it isn't worth while to 
stoop and pick it up." 

His father, answering nothing, picked it up and put it in his 
own pocket. He sold it to the blacksmith of the next village 
for three farthings, and bought cherries for the money. 

After this they continued their journey. The sun was burn- 
ing hot. Neither house, nor tree, nor spring was anywhere 
to be seen. Thomas suffered with thirst, and had great difficulty 
in keeping up with his father. 

The latter, then, as if by accident, let fall a cherry. Thomas 
picked it up with as much eagerness as if it had been gold, and 
put it in his mouth. A lew paces further on the father let fall 
another cherry, which Thomas seized with the same haste. 
This game continued till all the cherries were eaten. 

When the last had been eaten, the father turned to his son, 
smiling, and said to him : — 

" You now see that if you had been willing to stoop once to 
pick up the horseshoe, you would not have been obliged to do 
it a hundred times for the cherries." 

Selected. 



In the depths of the sea the waters are still ; the heaviest 
grief is that borne in silence ; the deepest love flows through 
the eye and touch; the purest joy is unspeakable; the most 
impressive preacher at a funeral is the silent one, whose lips 
arc cold. 



: 



He who looks largest to himself, looks smallest to others. 




lOO 



J" TJ "V E IsT I H. E I3^STI?.TJCTOI^. 



TfC/d 



®|$ $\i>^$tiiU itt^lPttclou* 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUKDAY, JUNE 22, 1872. 
EIDITOI?.IJLXj TSIOTJGHITS. 




LITTLE more than two years ago a Mr. 
Gilujore, a professor of music, totally un- 
known to fame, residing in the city of 
Boston, Mass., conceived the idea of hold- 
ing a grand musical jubilee, in which 
performers — vocal and instrumental, from 
every State in the Union, should be 
invited to take part. He made his project 
known and, while nearly all admitted that 
the idea was a good one, its author, being 
obscure, was the object of much derision, many 
asserting that he lacked the ability to carry out 
such a project. Others applauded and encour- 
aged him to proceed, and being a man of indomit- 
able pluck, he went to work to prove, alike to 
detractors and friends, that the man who had the 
genius to conceive such a project had skill enough to 
carry it through. 

He soon enlisted friends to aid the scheme, and in 
a short time the idea began to receive a tangible 
embodiment in the erection of a building, in which to 
hold the Jubilee, capable of accommodating thirt.y or forty 
thousand persons. Professional aid was obtained from a large 
number of musical societies throughout the country, and about 
two years since the Jubilee took place. Among the perlormers 
were some of the greatest artists of the musical world, including 
Madame Paropa Eose, the famous songstress, and Ole Bull, the 
wonderful violinist. 

The Jubilee was largely attended, the performances enthusi- 
astically applauded and the aifair was pronounced a success, and 
at the close of it, its projector was richer tlian he was previously, 
and had become famous. 

Elated with the success which attended his first effort, Mr. 
Gilmore subsequently determined to get up another, on a much 
grander scale, to which should bo invited, not only leadirg 
musicians from the various States in the Union, hut from all 
the nations of ]']uropo. This was a grand idea, and whatever 
may be said by the detractors of Mr. Gilmore, was undoubtedly 
the off.spring of genius. 

No sooner was the project formed than its originator, with 
his usual energy, .set to work to carry it out, and for months 
past preparations have been in progress in Boston to hold the 
monster musical festival in the month of June. 

The German people are the greatest lovers of music in the 
world, and there arc hundreds of thousands of them in the 
United States, and wherever they reside there are sure to be 
societies for the cultivation of music. There are also musical 
societies of other nationalities in the United States, and the 
proposition for a Worid's Jubilee, ia which the best artists and 
bauds from abroad were to be invited to participate seems to 
have awakened intense enthusiasm among the home musicians, 
and aid for the pr.iject was soon liberally volunteered. 

An enormous building was erected, covering nearly five 
acre.s, capable of accommodating a hundred thousatid people. 
About two-thirds of the space within this building was 
reserved for the musicians and choristers, the remainder for 
spectators. 



•* 



if^^ 



Bequests, made on the various governments in Europe, to 
permit one of the chief of their several military bands to attend 
the Jubilee, were favorably received, and in response several of 
the best brass bands cf the old world have been sent over, 
and everything has seemed to favor the accomplishment of 
Mr. Gilmore' s project. 

The number of performers selected from the various musical 
organizations of this country for the orchestra is about one thou- 
sand, with the following list of instruments : 

First viohns, 250 ; second violins, 200; violas, 150; violincel- 
los, 100 ; contra basses, 100 ; first flutes, 12 ; second flutes, 12 ; 
first clarionets, 12; second clarionets, 12; first oboes, 10; sec- 
ond oboes, 10; bassoons (first, second, third, and fourth), 20; 
French horns (first,secoiid, third and fourth), 24; trumpets, (first, 
second, third and fourth), 24; alto trombones, 12 ; tenor trom- 
bones, 12 ; bass trombones, 8 ; bass tubas, G ; tympani (pairs), 
6 ; small drums, 10 ; bass drums, 4 ; cymbals, (pairs), 4 ; great 
drum, 1 ; great triangle, 1 ; total, 1,000. 

Besides the above, it is expected that the additions by the 
various European bands will reach as many more, making the 
total orchestra reach about two thousand in number. The chor- 
isters number twenty thousand, representing two hundred mus- 
ical societies in this country. The great drum, constructed 
especially for the Jubilee, is twelve yards in circumference. A 
gigantic organ is also brought into requisition, the keys of which 
are worked by electricity. Cannon, tired by electricity, are used 
in producing the octavos ; church bells and anvils have also been 
secured to be used when necessary to highteu the effect of the 
jjieces played and sung. 

The music for performance at the Jubilee is chiefly sacred, 
and consists of selections from the works of the greatest com- 
posers of the world. One beautiliil feature iu the programme 
for the several days' concerts is the performance of the national 
airs and compositions of Europe by the bands which represent 
them. Another notable feature in connection with the Jubiiee 
is the singing, at each performance, of at least one familiar 
hymu by the audience and chorus united. 

Among the bands present are four of the best in Europe — one 
each from the English, French and Prussian armies, also the 
household quartette band of the German emperor. Prominent 
among the great artists taking part in the Jubilee are Mesdames 
Rudersdorf and Leutner; Strauss, the famous violinist, com- 
poser and nmsical conductor; Madame A. Goddard, the cele- 
brated pianist ; Franz Abt, the composer, and others equally as 
celebrated. 

The concerts commenced on Tuesday, the 17th instant, and 
are to terminate on the Fourth of July. So far as the number 
of performers is concerned, this Boston Jubilee has, perhaps, 
never been equalled, certainly never in the United States; and 
from die nationalities represented it is appropriately termed the 
World's Jubilee. And judging f'lom the combination of emi- 
nent performers and singers, it is perhaps not too much to say 
that the performances will very ueaily approach the pcrlection 
of art and skill. 

Of the influence of music it is unnecessary to say anything 
here. We all understand it to some extent, for we have all felt 
it , and the power of the skilled musician over his hearers is 
second only to that of the orator. Each can excite or soothe 
the emotions, sympathies and passions of an audience at his 
pleasure. This will be the experience of those who attend the 
Jubilee. It is impossible to form any adequate concep- 
tion of the enormous volume of harmony produced by twenty 
thousand skilled singers and performers ; and when with their 
instruments, the voices of fifty or eighty thousand spectators 
are united in hymns adapted to beautiiul airs from the works of 
Haydn or Ilandd the effect will never be forgotten. 

Whatever may be said of 'jilmore, his idea is grand, its accom- 
plishment grander, and he and his co-laborers will richly de- 
serve whatever of wealth or fame may result therefrom. 



tAii 



■^ 



k*r< 



J-TJ"V"E3Sj-ILE3 I3SrSTI2.TJOTOI?y. 



lOl r^i 



THE T-^LXjOAAT TE.ee. 



^"^^ 



HOW ma.ny of our young readers have heard of the Tallow 
Tree ? Perhaps very few, if any ever did, but there is such 
a tree, and it furnishes the genuine candle-making material, so 
you can easily believe that it is a very useful and valuable one. 
Only fancy, a tree furnishing the tallow for the year's supply 
of candles. Such trees would have been wonderiully useful in 
Utah in years gone by. How many of you have had to go to 
bed as soon as it was dark, because there were no candles, and 
no tallow to be obtained to make any ? If you have not done 
so, you can easily find a good many who have done it time after 
time. But that was when nothing but money would purchase 
a candle, and when money was almost as scarce as roses in the 
depth of winter. How handy it would have been then to have 
had a few groves of Tallow Trees ! But they do not grow in 
Utah Territory, and are not natives of the United States. 
They are to be found in some parts of it, but are not counted of 
any particular value, although the tallow they yield is of the 
purest kind, and entirely free from the peculiar smell of animal 
tallow. 

This curious tree is a native of China, and you may rest 
assured it is used to the best advantage by the people there, 
who are so very numerous and poor, that necessity compels 
them to use everything that can be used. Very many things 
are relished as food in China that people in this country could 
hardly be induced to touch under any circumstances. For 
instance, dogs, cats, rats, frogs, earthworms, and such things, 
are eaten by the poor there, just as readily as we eat mutton, 
beef and lamb. Among them the Tallow Tree is sure to be 
made the most of. Now for some description of the tree and 
its fruit, and the method of obtaining the tallow. 

A full grown Tallow Tree is from thirty to forty feet high ; its 
fruit is a nut, which is ripe in winter, and is nearly two inches 
round. Besides the nuts, the shells contain numerous seeds, 
which are covered with tallow. To separate the shells from the 
seeds, the former are gently pounded in a mortar and sifted. 
The seeds are then steamed in sieves, over boiling water, the 
melted tallow falling through into the water. When this is 
done the seeds are mashed up and again sieved and steamed, 
to get every particle of the tallow from them, which by some 
simple process is then purified and is finally pressed into large 
cakes of seventy or eighty pounds weight, when it is ready for 
the candle maker. In burning it gives a clear, steady light. 

The kernel of the nut is also pressed for the oil it contains, 
which is used in lamps, and also for some purposes in medicine. 

When all the tallow and oil have been steamed out of and 
pressed from the fruit of the tree, the refuse makes a capital 
manure for the tobacco fields. The leaves of the tree are used 
to make black dj'e with, and the wood, being hard and durable, 
furnishes the blocks on which the Chinese letters are made for 
printing their books, so that every part of the tree is turned to 
very good account by the singular and economical natives of the 
country in which it is grown. It will thrive, it is said, in 
almost any kind of soO, rich or poor, rocky, sandy, or alluvial ; 
and lives and yields its fruit for hundreds of years. 

It is instructive to read of the peculiar productions of the 
vegetable kingdom in various parts of the earth, and of their 
special adaptability to the wants and circumstances of the peo- 
ple. The Tallow Tree is without doubt a source of great com- 
fort and convenience to the Chinese, the majority of whom, as 
you have already been told, are very poor and, because of their 
great numbers, are obliged to be economical to Jive at all. In 
a rich country like the United States there is no particular need 
of such a tree, for the materials it furnishes can be obtained 
ninr^' easily from a hundred other sources. In some of the 
islaiids of the Pacific Ocean travelers tell of the bread tree, and 
of the cow tree, the fruit of the former, when properly cooked, 
being good to eat and very nutritious ; while from the latter is 



obtained a plentiful suppy of fluid, tasting like milk. Other 
trees yield delicious fruits and nuts of various kinds, and all 
combined furnish food to the people without the least labor on 
their part beyond the gathering. Only fancy having plenty of 
bread, milk and fruit, all growing in the garden, and requiring 
no toil to procure them 1 Such countries, one would think, 
must be very nice to live in, and almost deserve the name of 
paradise. But there is one thing very strange in connection 
with them — they are inhabited, almost without exception, by 
savages, or by the lowest specimens of humanity to be found on 
the whole earth. It seems to be a pity that such garden spots 
should be possessed by such people; but if you think for a few 
moments, it will not be strange at all. All men like ease, and 
where nature does all that is necessary to sustain them they 
have not the least incentive to exercise their powers, and conse- 
quently these lie dormant, and their possessors gradually fall in 
the scale of being, and finally become degraded, as most of 
these people are. 

In countries less bountifully supplied by nature the people 
have been compelled to use their powers, and use has developed 
them, and is still doing so, and to-day, the result is that the 
civilizad possess homes that are refined and comfortable, with 
books, music, railways and telegraphs, and a thousand other 
things to minister to their pleasures; while the comforts of the 
savage are few indeed, and his home is but a cave or a wigwam. 
So after all it is better to dwell in countries where one must 
labor to live. Don't you think so ? 



EOYHOOID OE C3-.AIjILEO, 



THEEE was once a man named Galileo, who loved the stars, 
_ and found out much that was new and strange in the skies ; 
and it was he who first made it known that the earth moves. 
He was born in Italy three hundri d years ago. 

He was a poor boy. With his knife he made ships and men 
out of wood, and he would melt lead and run it into molds that 
he had made. He had such skill that he could mend the toys 
which the boys would break, and they would bring them to 
him, that he might make them whole and sound. When they 
would whip their tops, he would stand by and think what it 
was that made the tops move. 

He wished to come at the truth of all things he saw. But 
the dear friends in his home on the banks of the Arno were 
poor, and though they ha-] hopes for the boy whom all tongues 
praised, they knew it would cost too much to send him to a 
grod school away from home. So he was kept at home for a 
time, and taught there. 

His parents at first thought it would be a good thing if their 
son would learn to buy and sell, so that his gains would raise 
them up once more. But as the boy still loved his books thej- 
said "Let him go on with them ; we will try to send him to a 
great school as soon as we can." 

His father raised some funds and sent him to Pisa, where a 
great school for young men was kept. It was hoped the boy 
would learn to be a doctor, and know the use of drugs, and the 
way to bind up wounds and to cure the sick. 

But the boy did not like to be tied down to the books that 
told of drugs, and the way to make .'ick folks well. It seemed 
!o him like going round and round in a ring, as a mill horse 
does. He saw too that the men who taught his class did not 
know much. They were as wise as any in that day, but he 
could see they were blind guides at the best. 

Oue day he was iu the grand church in Pisa, where he saw 
the great lamp swing as it hung from the roof by a cord. From 
this he found out how things swing to and fro, and he gave to 
the world the law of the pendulum, by which clock work is 
made to go right. 



'^- 





j"0"^iEii<rxjL,:Ei insrsT:s.TJOTOi^. 



When Galileo was forty-five years old he was in Venice, and 
he hear 1 there that a man in a Dutch town had made a tube 
with a piece of glass in each end, which, when raised to the 
eye, made things look larger. He went to work at once, and 
made a tube of lead, and put at each end a piece of glass, such 
as you have seen in a pair of specs. With this tube, the things 
at which he looked seemed to be three times as large as before. 

By means of this tube, which we call a telescope, the face of 
the moon was seen to be made up of hills, and vales, and pliiins, 
like our own earth. Jupiter was seen to have four little 
moons. Venus looked like a moon with horns, and from this 
fact she was known to be round like a ball. And new stars 
were seen in the sky. 

Galileo Galilei — for that was his name in full — was one of 
the greatest astronomers that have ever lived. 

Selected. 



[For the JuvenQe Instructor. 






mriDi^oo-^i?>B02sr.-zsro. 



7- 



9^^ 



THIS substance is a solid hydrocarbon, of great use in the 
arts. Its introduction into Europe is of very recent date, 
although long known, on account of its peculiar qualities, to the 
inhabitants of Malacca and the adjacent countries. 

Its chief value consists in its capacity for softening by heat, 
in which state it may be moulded to any shape required, and it 
will retain that shape when cold. When we take into consider- 
ation that, at ordinary temperatures, this substance is as hard 
as wood, lighter than some varieties of that substance, equally 
beautiful in appearance, not acted upon by acids or alcohol, 
insoluble in water and an insulator of electricity, we may see 
how important its plastic properties are. In a general way 
much labor is expended in shaping substances that are hard, 
those that are easily shaped are frequently more or less brittle, 
but this is as tough as leather when cold, although soft as clay 
when warmed to a temperature' a little below that of boiling 
water. 

When electricity becomes our theme more may be said of 
gutta-percha; at present its commercial importance and mode 
of application to various purposes in the arts will receive our 
attention. 

By way of experiment a small quantity of this "gum," as 
gutta-percha is frequently called, found its way to England 
about 1S4:J, a patent for nioulJiiig this substance was obtained 
and the Gutta-percha Company obtained a monopoly for its 
manufacture. Its uses and the tree from which the juice 
exudes had been previously described by Dr. Montgomcrie 
in 1842. 

The first manufactures consisted of gutta-percha frames, ink- 
stands, vases, ornamental pedestals, candelabra, bowls and 
drinking cups, with a large number of articles the manufacture 
of wliich was long since abandoned. Then its use as a substi- 
tute for leather in mill-bands, lathe-cord, soles, hcel-pioees and 
galoshes became esten.-ive. For covering wire for telegraphic 
purposes it was used considerably ; for acid-bottles, baths and 
surcical purposes, such as syringes, tubing, probes etc., another 
portion of the gum found a market. Perhaps, as a "water 
dressing," for covering wounds etc., nothing is more effective 
than gutta-percha thin sheeting, which is made as fine as ising- 
glass in appearance, and as thin as tissue paper, with a texture 
resembling silk. This special manufacture requires the finest 



"gum" for its substance, prepared in the most careful and 
skillful manner; the very finest and thinnest kind is called 
"zephyr" from its extreme tenuity and lightness; that a little 
thicker is ''strained sheet," a tinted variety is called "golden 
leaf," and, generally, this material is known as "gutta-percha 
tissue." 

For shoes and boots, as a substitute for leather, this gum is 
excellent, it requires care to attach it closely and securely. As 
it is impervious to wet, in variable climates it is invaluable for 
wear; in dry and especially in hot countries it is by no means 
suitable. It is also objected to by some on account of its "insu- 
lating" properties. No doubt many persons are so constituted 
that unless eleotiicity can pass from them freely to the earth, 
theysuifer inconvenience. Galoshes (india-rubbers) are object- 
ed to for the same reason by some, with this additional disad- 
vantage, they obstruct perspiration. 

However the principal cause of the failure of gutta-percha 
for soling purposes was the adulteration ; real gutta-percha 
lasts longer than leather, in any temperate region. For many 
purposes this substance still finds extensive uses, even in the 
inferior state in which it is now manufactured. For some pur- 
poses only real gutta-percha can be used, for this there is still, 
and will continue to be, a large demand. 

To apply gutta-percha to leather, these conditions are essential 
to permanent union: Leather must be dry and free from dirt, 
so that the "gum" may adhere to the surface itself. For this 
reason a rasp is generally used so as to present the natural 
leather to the "gum." Even the "gum" should be scraped, as 
soap is used in passing the sheeting through the rollers, this 
would, if present, prevent a close attachment. It is usual to 
apply a "solution" to the leather; this is made by dissolving 
gutta-percha scraps in coal-tar naphtha. The solution is put on 
in a melted state, by which means it makes the leather water- 
proof; the naphtha is then evaporated, after which it can be 
warmed before the fire at the same time as the sole, and then 
both can bo united. The best mode of putting on the sole is to 
begin either at the toe or the waist and gradually loy the gutta- 
percha down so as to prevent any air being between the two 
surfaces. A little practice will make anybody an expert in this 
work, should circumstances favor the introduction of gutta- 
percha into this Territory. 

Gutta-percha is frequently confounded with india-rubber, to 
which it has only a chemical resemblance. It does not combine 
with sulphur in the same way that rubber does, it cannot be 
"vulcanized." The difference between these two "gumis" will 
be belter seen when "caoutchouc" is described. 

Gutta-percha is very soluble in sulphide of carbon, benzol and 
other hydrocarbons ; when it is exposed in thin sheets for a 
long time it becomes soluble in alcohol. Oxygen appears to 
resiuify this "gum," which is a pure hydrocarbon, in union 
with resimus substances that, probably ,are formed by the oxy- 
gon of the air acting upon the juice of the tree while solidifying. 
Gutta-percha is miscible by heat with Stockholm pitch, in 
which form it is the basis of the famous "elastic glue," a sub- 
stance used extensively for cementing and joining leather, 
wood etc. It is also miscible with coal-tar and many other 
hydrocarbonaceous substances. Betii. 



Of all the love afiFairs in the world, none can surpass the true 
love of a big boy for his mother. It is a love pure and noble, 
honorable in the highest degree to both. I do not mean merely 
a dutiful afi'ection. I mean a love which makes a boy gallant 
and courteous to his mother, saying to everybody plainly that, 
ho is fairly in love with her. Next to the love of her husband, 
nothing so crowns a woman's life with honor as this second love, 
this devotion of the son to her. And I never yet knew a boy 
to "turn out" bad who began by falling in love with his 
mother. 






e^i 



O-TJ^EIN'IIL.El i:tTSTI?.TJOTOIS;. 



■^^§1 



3.03 



^SOK.K.'Y" HE IDIID 3srOT 



IN the "Editorial Thoughts," some three or four months ago, 
we had a talk with the boys about learning a trade, in which 
we earnestly advised them, whatever else they did or did cot 
do, to make themselves competent workmen at some useful 
craft. We hope that all those for whose benefit that article 
was intended who subscribe for the Juvenile read it, and that 
its eflfect will be to induce some of them to take our advice. 
From The C^ach Maker s Journal^ an eastern publication, we 
extract the following, having a bearing on the same subject, 
which we commend to the careful attention of all our readers : 

A young man, well dressed and of prepossessing appearance 
called at our office recently and inquired in great earnestness 
if we had employment of any kind to give him for but a few 
days, if no longer, as he was a stranger in the city out of money, 
and unable to pay for a few days' board and lodging. He 
further stated that he was a book-keeper, but after a diligent 
search, he had found no one who wanted any help in that line, 
nor could he obtain employment at anything that he felc com- 
petent to perform in a satisfactory manner. The positions of 
clerk and book-keeper, he remarked, were all filled, and appli- 
cants for them far in excess of the demand. "I am sorry," he 
said, "that I did not learn a trade." 

The appeals of the young man excited our sympathy, but, 
requiring no farther assistance in the office, we were compelled 
to reply to his eager questioning that wc could not employ 
him. 

The door closed after him, and he again went out to continue 
what, in all probability, proved to be a fruitless search for 
employment. But his words lingered behind and, as we sat 
musing on them, recalled to mind the oft repeated expressions 
of the mechanic in which he reproves himself for want of fore- 
sight in selecting an occupation. Here I am doomed, he says, 
to toil in a shop, at work which is hard, affording but poor pay. 
Like a dog, I must come at the call of a whistle, or like a ser- 
vant, obey the summons of a bell; had I studied book-keeping 
or entered a store as a clerk, I might have been loading a much 
easier and more pleasurable life. 

In the cases cited, we find each one dissatisfied with his 
selection, and wishing to exchange places. And the difficulty 
at once presents itself, as to how we shall decide for them and 
the classes they represent, so that the seeming mistakes in 
selection may be remedied. We acknowledge we are unequal 
to the task. 

Food, clothing, tools, machinery, houses, ships, and an almost 
endless variety of other things are continually in demand, which 
require the labor of farmers and mechanics ; while that class 
which makes exchanges (merchants) is of necessity compara- 
tively few in number, and, therefore, needs but a small force of 
assistants. The necessities of the millions of earth require by 
far the largest number of persons to be employed in agriculture 
and manufactures. Whenever then, through pride or any other 
motive, parents disregard the law and encourage their sons in 
seeking after situations as clerks, book-keepers, etc., rather than 
to engage in those pursuits for which there is always a natural 
demand, there must be a corresponding amount of suffering as 
a penalty. Hence we find that so called respectable occupations 
are glutted, while the mechanical branches are sufi"ering through 
the lack of skilled laborers. An advertisement for a clerk will 
quickly bring to the office door a small army of applicants 
of all sizes and ages, while the want column may plead several 
days for a good mechanic, and fail to meet with a response. 

"Sorry he did not learn a trade." Let apprentices and 
journeymen, who may be bewailing their lot, at once resolve to 
thus repine no longer, but by hard study and close application 
master their trades, and having done so, demand a fair com- 



pensation. Then by adding to skill, honesty, punctuality and 
economy in expenditures, there need be no fear that they shall 
be compelled at any time to beg for sufficient employment to 
pay for a day's board and lodging. 



^A7"I3:^^T O^l^E OIF IT. 



*n^i 



;^^^- 



""HATHER," said little Lee Hathaway, "will you give 

J Frank and me the square of ground under the south 
windows for a flower-bed, next spring? The suu always 
reaches it, and it will be so much prettier than it is now, with- 
out even a tuft of grass crowing there. We can get a pretty 
assortment of seed for a dollar. Say, father may 1?" 

Mr. Hathaway did not look from his paper for a, minute ; 
and, when he did, there was evidence of displeasure on his 
face. 

" You may have the patch for potatoes, if you like; but I 
dou't want any dilly-dallying with flowers. What time you 
are not in the school-room, you are needed in the field. Last 
year, you bothered me to death, teasing for a flower-bed ; and 
I don't want you to begin again this year. So don't let me 
hear another word about it." 

The father looked at his watch. " It is nine o'clock, boy, 
and your bed-time. Now you and your brother go to bed, and 
remember you are to be up at sis, to drive the cows to pasture, 
and don't wait to be called, either." 

Lee arose from the table, with a dark, sullen look in his eyes, 
took up his candle, and stooped over his mother for a good- 
night kiss. She patted the boy's cheek tenderly, held the 
younger boy, Frank, close to her for a moment, then followed 
them wistfully with her eyes, as they left the room. Mr. 
Hathaway never cared for a good-night kiss, and his boys 
never offered it. 

After the boys had gone to their room, Mrs. Hathaway look- 
ed up from the socks she was darning, and said, timidly: 

"George, I wish you would think better of this flower-patch. 
It can do them no harm; and, while they are cultivating the 
flowers, they are not in evil company. Besides, I think the 
love of them is a refining power, and should be encouraged. 
The little fellows have set their hearts upon it, and it seems a 
pity to disappoint them. They are such good boys, too." 

"Mary," said her husband, sharply, hitching his chair near 
the fire, "you are bound to ruin those boys! It does well 
enough for girls, perhaps, to dabble with flowers and other 
effeminacy ; but boys should be made of sterner stuff. Yes, 
they are g( ol boj's, and I want to keep them so, and not spoil 
them by giving them a flower-bed apiece to dally with." 

"But," interposed Mrs. Hathawa.v, gently, "they must have 
some amusement; and, if we will not give it to them at home, 
they will find it elsewhere. Are they not much better off in our 
own yard, pulling the weeds from among the pinks and daisies, 
than they would be on the street, among the rough village boys, 
sowing tares in their own lives, that neither your influence nor 
mine can ever entirely uproot? Let us make home the dearest 
spot on earth to them, my husband, so they will never have to 
leave it to seek their comfort elsewhere!" 

Mr. Hathaway's face did not altogether soften out of its hard 
expression ; but, tossing the paper on the floor, (a man's invari- 
able custom) he said; 

"Well, Blary, you can have .your way this time, and we will 
see how long that broom will sweep clean; but, mark! just as 
soon as they begin to neglect their work, or are late to school, 
or teise me for money to buy flower-seeds, I will pull every 
hollyhock and lady-slipper up by the root, and throw them over 
the fence!" 

And Mr. Hathaway pulled off his boots and went into his 
bed-room, shutting the door behind him a deal harder than was 
necessary. 



A&ii 



-z^ 






^^1 



^ 

p"^^ 



104z 



J- TJ "V" E ItT I L E IICTSTI^TJOTOie/ 



When he had gone, Mrs. Hathaway drew a long, tired sigh, 
laid away her patching, took up the lamp, and went up-stairs 
to her children's room. 

In one bed, a little girl, the youngest of the flock, lay sleep- 
ing, with her soft, pink-and-white cheek nestled in her hand. 
She laid her lips lightly upon the child's forehead, then crossed 
the room and bent over her boys. 

"What! not asleep yet, dear? Are you ill?" and she laid 
her hand on Lee's forehead. 

" No, njother, I am not sic-k ; but I am so disappointed 
about" ^and the boy broke down with a sob. 

"There, there, dear; don't cry. Father says you may have 
the flowers, dear child; only don't ask hiiu for money, nor 
worry hiuj about it in any way — I will see to that; and don't 
neglect other duties. Now, go to sleep. Have you said your 
prayers'/" 

"No, mother, I couldn't — I felt so wicked. I will now, 
though." 

Mrs. Hathaway sighed, and turning the blankets about them 
— ^for it was a blustering night in Fcbruar.v — went down stairs 
and crept into bed beside her sleeping husband. 
( To he continued, ) 



©rigittal ftst%t%. 



TUNE.- 



[i^or the Juvenile Instructor 
'Sold the Fort." 



Come, my brothers, come, my sisters, join our cheerful throng, 
And unite with hearts and voices, while we sing this song. 
Choeus. 

Those who would be wise and happy, should adopt this rule, 
"I'll be early in attendance at our Sunday School." 

'Tis a blessinij we should value, never treat with scorn, 
To be able to attend our school each Sabbath morn. 

We are blest with willing teacher.'', who are kind and true ; 
They instruct us in our letters, and the gospel too. 

AVe should strive to store np l<nowIedt;e, while yet in our youth, 
And neglect no means of learning princii)lc3 of truth. 

To be worthy of our ealhng, as "Saints of Latter-days," 

^Ve should aim, throughout our lives, to walk in wisdom's ways. 

While, In knowledic and in wisdom, ever we improve. 
Let us thank our llcav'nlj' Father, and each other love. 

Henkt Maibex. 
Provo City, May 30d, 18T2 



[For the Javetitl'' Instrucffn-. 



o h: ^ I?. ^ ID E . 

BY JOSEPH TINOKY: 



I am composed of 20 letters : 

My 4, 13, 15, 3, is what some men do ; 

My 10, la, 8, 5, 14, 7, is a man's name; 

My IS, 11, 14, 20, 4, is a very nice fruit. 

My I'J, 14, 10, is what we all do; 

My 'J. 1> -. 1-, Is the name of a favorite food ; 

My 5, 0, 2, 17, 13, 5, is a cabinet of curiosities ; 

My whole connects two large bodies of land. 



The Answer to the Enigma In Number Eleven Is the letter O. 
Correct Bolullons have been received from Joseph U. Parry, W. J. 
Lcirla, T. M. Roberts, Clias. Dcuucy, James II. Anderson, John. Q. 
Cannon, Salt Lake City. 



tluith 3^t%t% 



j^isr j^K.^^Bij^isr tj^XjE. 



' To the manly will there's ever a way 1" 

Said a simple Arali youth; 
' And I'm going to try, ihis very day, 

If uiy teacher tells tlic truth; 
He's always saj'iug— the good old man — 
' Now please lememlicr, in 3' dear. 
Yuu , re sure to wm vvlialcvcr you plan. 

If y^w steadily i^ersevore!' 
I nieuu to try it — upon my life! — 

If I go through hre and water; 
And, since 1 wisli to marry a wife, 

I'll liave the Calif's daughter!" — 
So oil' to ihe Vizier straight he goes, 

Who only laughed at the lad; — 
And said him "iNay" — as you may suppose — 

For he thought the fellow was mad! — 
And still for many and many a day 

He came to plead his ease. 
But the Vizier only answered "Nay." 

And laughed him in the face. 
At last, tbe Calif came across 

The youtli, in the Vizier's hall. 
And asking wlial his errand was, 

The Vizier told him all. 
' Now by my head!" the Cahf said, 
" 'Tis only the wise and great 
A Califs daughter may utk to wed. 

For rank with rank must mate. 
Unless, mayhap, some valiant deed 

May seiTC for an equal claim, 
(For merit, I own, sliould have its meed. 

And princes yield to tame.) 
In the Tigris once a gem was lost, 

'Twas a^es and ages since, 
A ruhy of wondrous size and cost. 

Ana til for the nolilest prince; 
That gem, my lad, must surely be 

Somewhere lieueath the water — 
Go liiid it, boy, and bring it to me, 

Then come and marry my daughter!" 
' And so I will!" the lad replied. 

And oil to the river lie ran : 
And he dips away at the foamy tide, 

As fast as ever he can ; 
With a little cup he dips away; 

Now what's the fellow about? 
He's going to tiud the gem, some day, 

By draining the Tigris out y 
And slill he uips by day and night. 

Till the tishes begin to cry, 
' This fellow is such a wilful wight, 

He'll dip the river dry !" 
And so they sent their monarch to say: 
(A wise and reverend (ish, j 
' Now why are you dipping our water away ? 

And what do you please to wish y" 
' I want the Kuliy, sir!" he cried ; 
" Well — please tu let us alone; 
And stop your dipping," the tish king cried. 
" And the gem sliall he 3'our own." 
And he fetched the ruby of wondrous size, 

From out the foamy water. 
And BO the lad obtained his prize. 

And wed the Calif's daughter I 

MOBA.L. 

This plcas.ant story was meant I0 teach 

That pluck is more than skill; 
And few are the ends beyond the reach 

Of a strong, untiring will! 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY, 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Sinyle Copy, per Annum $2 50. 

9Sr Grain brought to this City for the Juvenilk Isstkuctok will b9 
ect'ived at the ofllce of our paper— Dusebet News Bcildisqs, 




