BQLJNES® TO THE LORD. 



*&4 







VOL. XIV 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1879. 



NO. T. 



PAUL'S DEFENSE BEFORE FELIX 



NO portion of the Scripture's is more interesting to read than 
the Acts of the Apostles. Our young readers, especially, 
will find this to be the ease. To them many incidents in the 
lives oft the apostles, as related there, are really fascinating. 
Our picture is intended to represent one of these incidents. 
as we find it recorded in the 24th chapter of Acts. 
Paul's history, throughout, is intensely interesting. Wefirst 



"Saul. Saul, why perseeutest thou me?" Then Saul (who was 
afterwards called Paul) inquired, "Who art thou, Lord?" 
And the answer came, "I am Jesus whom thou persecutes^ " 
We may well believe that Saul was now thoroughly humbled, 
for he could see nothing, and his companions had to lead him 
into the city. Like a great many others have done, and are 
apt to do, when they get into a bad fix. Saul began to pray to 




n 



sSbfe; 



read of him at one of the most bitter persecutors of the Saints, 
' 'binding and delivering into prison both men and women, and 
consenting to the death of the martyr, Stephen. Next we read 
of him on bio way to Damascus, "breathingout threatenings and 
l hi hier against the disciples of the Lord," when be was Bud 
denl) surrounded by a bright light from heaven, He u.i^ 
stricken to the earth and blinded, and he bead n voice saying, 



the Lord, and the Lord answered bis player In a manner that 

was likely to impress Saul so that lie could never forget it. He 
gave him a vision in which He showed him that a man named 

Ananias would come and put bis bands upon him and restore 

his sight. The Lord also gave a vision to a disciple living in 
Damascus, named Ananias, telling him to go to the house where 
Saul was stn ing and answer his prayer and fulfill his visi< 



Q 




74 



0" TJ "V IE UST I L IE UsTSTRTJOTOR, 



p 

1 



Ananias had heard of the bad character of Saul, and rather 
objected to go, but the Lord said, "Go thy way; for he is a 
chosen vessel unto Me to bear my name before the Gentiles and 
kings, and the children of Israel. ' ' Ananias did as he was com- 
manded. Paul received his sight, accepted the testimony and 
was baptized. He entered upon his life's mission with zeal, 
power and ability; and in his experience the prediction of the 
Lord was certainly verified, in which He said: "I will show him 
how great things he must suffer for my name's sake." 

Paul alludes in his writings t< > the things which he suffered. 
In one instance he says, ''Of the Jews -five times received I 
forty stripes save one. Thrice was I beaten with rods, once 
was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I 
have been in the deep. In journeying often, in perils of water, 
in perils of robbers, in perils by mine own countrymen, in perils 
by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, 
in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren. In weari- 
ness and painfullness, in watehings often, in hunger and thirst, 
in fastings often, in cold and nakedness." 

Paid, at the time of his conversion, received a testimony that 
he could nut deny, and he ever afterwards declared fearlessly 
before friends and enemies what lie had seen, heard and knew. 

He was a brave man. a man of integrity, and possessed great 
reasoning power. In the scene which is pictured in the engrav- 
ing when lie defended himself before Felix, the governor, and 
reasoned so strongly upon 'righteousness, temperance and judg- 
ment tocouie." it is said that Felix trembled, and answered "Go 
thy way tor this time. 

His defense before King Agrippa. as recorded in the 26th 
chapter of Acts, is a model of sublime eloquence. Festus. the 

governor, was so moved by it that he cried out: "Paul, thou 
art beside thyself; much learning doth make thee mad." 

There is much about Paul's experience that is calculated to 
remind usof the persecutions which the 1'rophet Joseph Smith 
and his associates in the early history of the Church, had to 
endure. In both cases many false and flimsy charges were made, 

but none of them sustained. The same spirit that led the peo- 
ple ill Paul's day to persecute him. has prompted the wicked 
in rlii— age to persecute the Saints We are engaged in preach- 
ing and practicing the -nine gospel that Paul taught, and we 
may expect the evil one to oppose usa's longas he has power 

to do SO. 




^urioniiit** in Ifjanu^ Jrootl 



AMONG TUP B0SJE3MANS. 

THERE is a curious race of people inhabiting Southern 
Africa who are frequently called Bushmen, though they 
are known t > the I i.r-h se tiers of th i'. eonntry as Bo-jesnians. 

They are -mall in stature, the men averaging little more than 
five feet, and the women seven or eight inches shorter. 

The Rev. J. '• W 1 describes their manner of living as 

follow-: "A- to food the i; i-',.-, nan finds no difficulty in supply- 
ing himself with all that he needs. His wants are indeed few, 
for there is scarcely anything which a human being can eat 
without being poisoned that the Bosjesman does not use for 
food. 1 1'- has not the least prejudice against any kind of edible 
substance, an 1. provided that it is capable of affording nour- 
ishment, he asks nothing more. Hi- luxuries are comprised 
i'i two words — tobacco and brandy; hut food is a necessary of 
lif •. and i- not looke 1 up m in any other light. 



"There is not a beast, and I believe not a bird, that aBosjes- 
man will not eat. Snakes and other reptiles are common arti- 
cles of diet, and insects are largely used as food by this people. 

"Locusts and white ants are the favorite insects, but the Bos- 
jesman is in no wise fastidious, and will eat almost any insect 
that he can catch. Roots, too, form a large portion of the 
Bosjesman's diet, and he can discover the water-root without 
the assistance of a baboon. Thus it happens that the Bosjes- 
man can live where other men would perish, and to him the 
wild desert is a congenial home. All that he needs is plenty 
of space, because he never cultivates the ground, nor breeds 
sheep or cattle, trusting entirely for his food to the casual pro- 
ductions of the earth, whether they be animal or vegetable." 

The Bosjesman isnotorious for his success athuntingostrich. 
es, and the eggs of those huge birds constitute an important arti- 
cle of his diet. "Fortunately, he is quite indifferent as to the 
quality of the eggs. He does not very much care if any of 
them should be addled, and will eat with perfect composure an 
egg which would alarm an European at six paces' distance. 
Neither does he object to the eggs if they should be considera- 
bly advanced in hatching, and, if anything, rather fancies him- 
self fortunate in procuring a young and tender bird without the 
trouble of chasing and catching it. Then the egg-shells, when 
the contents are removed, are most valuable, for many pur- 
poses, and especially for the conveyance of water. For this 
latter purpose, they are simbly invaluable. The Bo-jesmans 
always contrive to have a supply of water, but no one except 
themselves has the least notion where it is stored. If a Bos- 
jesman kraal is attacked, and the captives interrogated as to 
the spot where the supply of water has been stored, they never 
betray the precious secret, but always pretend that they have 
none, and that they are on the point of dying with thirst. Yet, 
at some quiet hour of the night, a little yellow woman is tolera- 
bly sure to creep to their sides and give them a draught of water, 
while their captors are trying to lull their thirst by sleep." 

The women have the task of filling these shells, and this is 
. how the process is described: 

"In common with many of the kindred tribes, they have a 
curious method of obtaining water when there is, apparently, 
nothing but mud to be found. They take a long reed, and tie 
round one end of it a quantity of dried grass. This they push 
as deeply as they conveniently can into the muddy soil, and 
allow it to remain there until the water has penetrated through 
the primitive filter, and has risen in the tube. They (hen 
apply their lips to the tube, and draw into their mouths as 
much water as they can contain, and then discharge it into an 
empty egg-shell by means of another reed; or, if they do not 
possess a second reed, a slight stick will answer the purpose if 
managed carefully. When filled, the small aperture that has 
been left in each egg is carefully closed by a turf of grass, very 
tightly forced into it, and the women have to undertake the 
labor of carrying their heavy load homeward." 

The water is kept in the egg shells by being buried in the 
sand, and in this way an immense quantity of water is fre- 
quently stored away. 

The Bosjesman is noted for his keen sense of smell; yet it is 
remarkable that while he can detect some odors much more 
readily than ordinary mirtals, he seems insensible to the stench 
of his own dirty, greasy body, or those of his comrades. 

It is also said that his 6ensc of taste seems almost to he in 
abeyance, for the Bosjesman will eat with equal relish meat 
which has been just killed, and which is tough, stringy and 
juiceless, or that which has been killed for several days, andds 
in a tolerably advauced state of putrefaction. 



<^> 



r- 



t> 



CT TJ^IE 1ST I LIEU USTSTRUCTOB, 




The following account is given by Dr. Lichtenstein of the 
Bosjesman's style of eating and smoking: "When a piece of 
meat was given him, half rising, he stretched out a distrustful 
arm, snatched it hastily, and stuck it immediately into the fire, 
peering around with his little keen eyes, as if fearing lest some 
one should take it away again. All this was done with such 
looks and gestures, that any one must have been ready to swear 
that he had taken the eximple of them entirely from an ape. 

"He soon took the meat from the embers, wiped it hastily up- 
on his left arm, and tore out with his teeth large half- raw bits, 
which I could see going entire down his meagre thioat. 

"At length, when he came to the bones and sinew, as he could 
not manage these with his teeth, he had recourse to a knife 
which was hanging round his neck, and with this he cut off 
the piece which he held in his teeth, close to the mouth, with- 
out touching his nose or lips — a feat of dexterity which a person 
with a Celtic countenance could not easily have performed. 

"When the bone was picked clean, he stuck it again into the 
fire, and, after beating it between two stones, sucked out the 
marrow. This done, he immediately filled the emptied bone 
with tobacco. I offered him a clay pipe, which he declined, 
and taking the thick bone a long way into his mouth, he drew 
in the smoke by long draughts, his eyes sparkling like those of 
a person who, with more than usual pleasure, drinks a glass of 
costly wine. After three or four draughts, he handed the bone 
to his countryman who inhaied three or four mouthful.s in like 
manner, and then stuck it, still burning, into his pouch to be 
reserved for future occasions. 

"This very simple pipe is preferred by the Bo-jesman to any 
other, probably because he can take in a larger quantity of 
smoke at a single inhalation, than could he the case it' he were 
to use the sma'l-bjreJ pipe of civilization. Rjsds, hollow 
sticks and similar objects are used for the same purpose. 

Sometimes the Bo-jestuan inhales the whole of the smoke 
into hislungs, and takes draught after draught w'th such eager- 
ness, that hi falls down in a state of insensibility, and has to 
be restored to consciousness by being rolled on the ground, and 
having water thrown over him. This is certainly an econom- 
ical moJe of consuming the tobacco, as, in this manner, a sin- 
gle pipeful will serve to intoxicate several smokers in succession. 

As is the case with other savages, the Bosjesman has but 
little idea of using a luxury in moderation. The chief value 
of tobacco is, in a Bosjesman's eyes, its intoxicating power, 
and he therefore smokes with the avowed intention of being 
intoxicated as soon as possible, and with the least expenditure 
of material." 



TI I i: BELL-BIR] >. 



IN the fordstt of Guiana at daybreak and sunset may be 
beard, mingling with the morning and evening tributes of 
the birds a loud, clear, note, like the sound of a distant bell; 
and atnoon, when all animated nature in forest and grove 
seems bushed in tropic silence and repose, this tolling Eound 
steals thorugb the air at regular intervals, and rouses thedrowsj 
hearer from hi- midday reverie. v 

This peculiar music is made L\ the bell bird a native of those 

- called by the Indians dara, and h\ the Spaniards campan 

ero. The bird is about as large as a jay, with a plumage of daz- 
zling whiteness, and form i h resembling a dove. Thepecu 

liarity which distinguishes the bell-bird fr all others in ap 

pcarance is a rounded and tapering muscular excrescence, 
y covered with short feathers, which proceeds from the forehead. 

fo& 



This carbuncle is flexible, and usually hangs down upon one 
side of the head; but when the bird would give forth its pecu- 
liar note, it is raised by muscular contraction and protrudes above 
the head two inches or more, forming a hollow, spiral tube of 
small diameter. The cavity of this tube connects with the 
throat, and it is supposed by naturalists that the bell-like tones 
of the bird are produced by the quick vibration of the ail- 
through this singular crest. 

The bird's note is full and rich, like a silver-toned bell, and 
may be heard in the stillness of the forest tor a distance of three 
miles. It seeks not the companionship of other birds, but 
alone in the midst of those extensive wilds, perched upon the 
high and withered top of an aged mora tree, it gives forth this 
strange and solemn strain. First a single toll, and then a pause 
for a minute, while the sound floats away into silence; then 
another toll, and then again a pause of longer duration, after 
which the first is repeated. 






|ihjt 



JOSEPH SMITH 
F IR, O JP H E T . 



THE 



( Continued.) 



"V[OT satisfied that Joseph should escape the violence of his 
±\ enemies in Missouri, the mobocrats of Carthage and other 
places in Hancock county held a meeting at the Court House, 
in Carthage, on the 19th of August, 1843, and appointed a 
cotninitte to report resolutions for the action of the meeting. 
This committee asked to be discharged from further duties; 
but recommended that a committee of six be appointed to 
draft resolutions and make a report to an adjourned meeting. 
This commitiee was appoiuted and was composed of the 
following-named men: Walter Bagley. F. J. Bartlet, Stephen 
Owen, Stephen II. Tyler, Valentine Wilson and Joel We.-ton. 
The meeting then adjourned. The Missourians having been 
foiled in their attempt to get Joseph into their power, these men 
were enraged. 1 hey could not bear the idea that he should 
thus triumph over them. They were determined to band them- 
selves together and enter into an organizati in to keep alive 
the spirit of mobocracy and hatred against, the people of God. 
At the adjourned meeting, which was held on the te h of Sep- 
tember, the committee presented a long preamble and series of 
resolutions. They were written in the most vindictive language, 
and tilled with misrepresentations and falsi hoods. In one of 
the resolutions they pledged themselves in the most determined 
manner to stand ready to aid in capturing do eph if the 
authorities of the State of Missouri should make another do- 
mandfor him, and the Governor of Illinois should i -sue another 
warrant for bis arrest. They also pledged themselves, in the 
event of a collision, to stand by and support each other in every 
emergency up to the death. Committees were appointed in 
the several precincts of the county, who were to maintain a 

< ■espondence with a central corresponding committee at 

Carthage. Not only did they try to organize themselves in an 
effective manner; bul they recommended all the surrounding 
ooua ties to appoint commit tees similar to those they had ohosen, 
for the purpose of carrying on a crusade against Joseph and 
the Saints. The crowning aol of infamy, however, wa3 a res- 
olution requesting the president of the meeting to communicate 




ii3^ : 



ft 



o 



76 



JTJYE1TILE IUSTETJOTOR, 




with the Governor of Missouri and ask him to make another 
demand upon the authorities of Illinois for the body of Joseph; 
also offering their services and pledging themselves to enforce 
the order for his arrest. 

The feeling of disappointment among the wicked at Joseph's 
escape from the trap they had placed for him, was universal. 
They were indignant, and if it had not been so serious a matter, 
it would have been amusing to hear these notorious robbers and 
law-breakers talk about Joseph violating the law, and how sa- 
credly it ought to be maintained. They would like to have 
had him caught in its toils. They could raise mobs, destroy 
property, drive men and women from their homes, rob them of 
everything of value, and even shoot them down as they would 
wild beasts, and that would be all right; that is, they thought 
so. But when Joseph was met by his friends and escorted into 
Nauvoo, and claimfd the writ of habeas corpus and a fair trial, 
then they could talk grandly about the majesty of the law, and 
how wicked it was to interfere with its operation; it was very 
wrong, they said, for men to leave Nauvoo to find Joseph and 
to ride back with him. 

Reynolds, upon his return to Missouri, gave such an account 
of the manner in which he was defeated in his purpose to 
carry off Joseph as to convey the idea that he had been badly 
treated by Joseph and his friends. Some persons in that State 
talked about holding the whole State of Illinois responsible 
for the treatment of Reynolds and the release of Joseph; and 
they even threatened that, if Illinois failed to deliver him up, 
there wou'.d be somethimg serious between the Slates. Mis- 
souri, they said, would have Joseph Smith for trial, or do all 
the Constitution would allow to restrict the intercourse between 
the citizens of Illinois and Missouri. But this wis all bombast. 
They knew they had not the shadow of an excuse for their 
attempts to arrest and drag him (iff to Missouri; this, and the 
knowledge of their own crimes, for which they deserved the 
severest punishment, caused them to feel weak, and it was the 
last open attempt they made t> get Joseph into their 
h-.nds. 

The ourse which Sidney Rigdon took was not such as to 
please Joseph. He felt that he could not sustain such a man 
as his counselor, and he wished to drop him, and told a public 
congregation of the Saints about this time that he was a mass 
of corruption, and he would carry him no longer. It was re- 
porti 'I that Rigdon had had interviews with Governor Thomas 
Carlin and others with the view to conspire with them to have 
.1 131 ph Arrested ami delivered into the hands of the Missouri- 
ans. Rigdon denied ibis, and said that he had never ex- 
changed words with any man living upon that subject. At the 
October Conference his case was brought up befoie the people. 
Joseph told them that he was dissatisfied with him as a coun- 
selor, as he had not received any material benefit from his 
labors or counsels from the time of their escape from Missouri. 
Be related a number of circumstances which had produced 
i hi- dissatisfaction. Sidney Rigdon then spoke at considerable 
length In his own defense. Hi' appealed to the sympathies of 
Joseph and hi- hearers, and not without effect upon the latter, 
for they were d«eply moved. Rut Joseph's confidence was 
not restored by his remarks; he. judging from their past inter- 
course, cou'.il have no faith in hi- integrity and steadfastness. 
Joseph's brother, Hyrum, plead for mercy, as also did Riders 
Almon W. Babbitt, and William Raw. who was Joseph's other 
counselor. William Mark-, who was then acting President of 
that Stake of Zion, moved that Sidney Rigdon be permitted 
to retain his station as counselor to Joseph. This motion was 
carried. Joseph afterwards arose and said: 



^ * - - ^£>- - « » 



.ravels 



til 




BY WILLIAM POTHERINGHAM. 



(Continued.) 

I^HE city of Agra is situated on the right bank of the river 
. Jumna, and it is. and has been, a place of great importance. 

It is the chief city of the British North West Provinces, and 
the residence of the Lieutenant Governor. It is also the centre 
of the judicial, administrative and military establishments for 
the North \\ est. Agra became noted in the beginning of the 
sixteenth century, and was the capital of the Mogul empire 
from 1526 to 1658. At the latter period it began to decline. 

Shah Jehan was here kept a close prisoner within the walls 
of the fortress by his ungrateful and aspiring son Aurung/.ebe. 
who. during his father's incarceration, established himself upon 
the throne of Delhi. 

All the ancient imperial buildings, except the Taj Mahal, are 
within the fortress, which is nearly a mile in circuit, and arc 
the monuments of the descendants of the renowned Timur, or 
Tamerlance. 

The ancient city covered an area of twelve square miles. 
The modern one only occupies a little over half that area. 

The houses are generally built of red sandstone, procured 
from the adjacent hills. There is only one spacious street in the 
city, which runs from the fortress in a north-westerly direction. 

The other streets are narrow ami lack regularity. 

The fortress is surrounded by a massive rock wall, which is 
protected by a deep moat. 

Lord Lake captured the fortress in 1803, it being defended 
by one hundred and sixty guns. 

On the 17th of January, 1854, Elder Woolley ami I visited 
the fortress. The moat was crossed by a draw-bridge, after 
which we entered a large arched gate, guarded by sentinels. 

The fortress being situated ; prj rising ground, we ascended a 

narrow, serpentine, paved road, with a wall on each side, leading 
to it. The fortress was built by Akbar, the most generous and 

the most determined warrior-emperor of India, who reigned 
fifty-two years, and died in Agra in 1605. 



"I have thrown him off my shoulders, and you have again 
put him on me. You may carry him, but I will not." 

A short time after the Conference Joseph delivered a dis- 
course, in which he gave the people instructions respecting the 
policy they should pursue to be self-sustaining. It would an- 
swer for the present times, and reads like a discourse of Presi- 
dent Young's: 

"I think there are too many merchants among ycu. I would 
like to see more wool and raw materials instead of manufac- 
tured goods, and the money be brought here to pay the poor 
for manufacturing goods. 

"Instead of going abroad to buy goods, lay your money out 
in the country, and buy grain, cattle, flax, wool, and work it 
up yourselves. 

"I proclaim, in the name of the Lord God Almighty, that 
I will fellowship nothing in the Church but virtue, integrity, 
and uprightness. 

"W r e cannot build up a city on merchandise. I would not 
run after the merchants. I would sow a little flax, if I had *# 
but a garden spot, and make e'othing of it." 
(To be Continued.) 



:~o 



^\\ 



Ij^- 




23 



Fb 



JUYBITILB IITSTRTJCTOR. 



77 



^§8j 



The magnificent public buildings give one an ideaof the past 
clays of imperial glory and grandeur. The palace of Shah 
Jehan was rendered magnificent by its surfaces of white marble, 
adorned with Arabian ornaments and checkered with black and 
yellow marble; screen works of marble, beautifully gilded, and 
mosaic pavements with metal fountains. Close to the palace 
was the Audience Chamber of Shah Jehan, which was enclosed", 

i" byg days, with a series of arches, and adorned with the 

richest tapestries. The Britishhad utilized this grand old build- 
ing by waning up the arcade, and using the Audience Cham- 
ber as an arsenal, close to which was the armory, the offirse of 
the collector of the district and medical depot. 

<>u the same ground is the Pearl Mosque, or Moti Musjid, 
the outside of which is composed of red sandstone, and the 
insideof white marble. Attached to this, is a court surrounded 
with a -eric- of arches and a fountain: also, enclosed, is a garden 
containing all varieties of tropical fruits. The w.dk> are broad 
and paved with marble slabs. 

The crowning glory of Agra, and the pride of the Mohamme- 
dan population, is the Taj Mahal, situated about a mile out- 
side of the city, east of the fort. This magnificent and beauti- 
ful tomb was built by the emperor, Shah Jehan. fur himself and 
his favorite wife, Mumtaz Mahal. It took 20,000 men twenty-too 
years to build this mausoleum. I willherequote from Chambers' 
history of the revolt in India, which describes the Taj Mahal in 
a few words: 

"Page after page of travelers' descriptions, is occupied with 
this glorious structure: its facadejof 1,000 feet in length; its 
dazzling whiteness of marble; its mosques at either end, with 
their domes: its stupendous marble-terraced platform, with steps 
and pillars, minarets and kiosks: its great dome surmounted by 
gilded globes and crescents: its octagonal shrine or sepulchral 
apartment, with enclosures .if extraordinary marble lattice work; 
and its sarcophagi, literally covered with arabesques, fanciful 
molding, sculptured flowers and quotations from the Koran." 

The English public buildings consist of the Barracks, the 
English Church, the Government House, the College and the 
Metcalfe Testimonial. 

\l 'lie time .d' our sojourn In Agra, the population was about 

70, 000, the majority being Hindoos, who have a venerable attach- 
n e-iit to He- city, on account of its being the place of the incar- 
nation of Vishnu, under the title of Parasu Rama. 

During the revolt, the Europeans were obliged to shut them- 
selves up in the fortress, where they wrr presented during the 
siege. Thosewhom we faithfully warned, could behold, fromthe 
fori re--, their ho -and wealth laid in ashes by ihe mutineers. 

Alter a little oxer a month's residence in Agra, ue made 

preparations to ^,, to < lawnpore. 

( To be Continued.) 



DIALOGUE <)X PHILOSOPHY 



11V J. L. BARFOOT. 




BETWEEN PRECEPTOR AND PUPIL. 

PRECEPTOR. — Yon will have perceived from remarks I 
have made in these conversations that I am opposed to 
the false inferences made by the advocates of the new phil- 
osophy, rather than to the study of natural philosophy. 

I'l en What u meant hy philosophy in contradistinction 
to -cience? 

PRECEPTOR.—] gave you a definition of science in the 
language of a popular writer as "organized common sense. " 
Philosophy, to be worthy of the name, should he organized 



common-sense views of scientific truths. Science should 
furnish the knowledge, philosophy the doctrine. The phil- 
osophy of the ancients, of every school, at kast, aimed at the 
attainment of knowledge of natural things as they affected 
man. Broadly stated, the objest was to know men and things 
correctly. Now the exponents of the new school of philosophy 
do not govern themselves by the conclusions arrived at by 
scientific observers of natural phenomena, unless they are in 
harmony with pet theories of the oiigin of things in this 
universe, of which we form a small part, and of which we 
know very little with certainty. I will show you how conflict- 
ing are the views of science with those of philosophy, or 
what is dignified with that name. Professor Tyndall, after 
numerous carefully conducted experiments, so as to exclude 
all uncertainty as to the conclusions arrived at, announced, 
with that authority which his undoubted ability in the field 
of scientific investigation and his known love of truth entitle 
him to, that "life does not appear without the operation of 
antecedent life." Other eminent scientists tell us that "neither 
by observation nor by experiment has the phenomenon of 
transition from one species to auother been witnessed;" and 
that "therefore, the indisputable conclusion of experience is, 
that the nhysiologieal characters of species are absolutely 
constant." 

Pupil — The writers of the new school teach that "Nature 
is constant in her operations, and that life in all its forms has 
arisen by an unbroken evolution, and through the instru- 
mentality of natural causes." And 

PRECEPTOR. — Before we proceed further, let us see what these 
propositions mean; that we may not lose sight of the truth, if 
there is any in these assertions. It is true that nature is con- 
stant in her operations, but there is no evidence that life in all. 
or any. of its forms ever arose from evolution! The other parts 
of the sentence mean that nature is constant in her operations, 
and works by means of natural cause.-. 

Till' doctrine of evolution teaches, as a Substitute for the doc- 
trines taught by revelation, that man is the last term of a series 
of changes. WTOUghl by matter u| itself, without the interven- 
tion of the Deity. It teaches us of an "unbroken evolution" 
from the hazy nebula of space, i by methods which are as hazy 
as the primeval gas itself, so far as logic is concerned) ending 

in man. It teaches that man is the direct descendant of the 

ape. not the ape of to-day. with which science makes us ac- 
quainted, but an ideal ape. 

Huxley, in portraying "man's place in nature shows that 
science teaches us that while man approaches the higher ani- 
mals in many details of his organization, his essential nature is 

entirely apart from theirs; that he possesses faculties and endow- 
ments of which no germ or trace is found, even in the higher 
brutes; which differ not in degree only, bul in kind from theirs. 

lie shows that between them (the brutes) and him i man I 
there is a "vast chasm." a "practically infinite divergence." a 

eulf bridged over by no living or extinct firms. This is science. 



We Mist Have Sleep— I would keep "better hours" 
if I were a b iy again; that U, I would go to bed earlier than 

most boys do. Nothing gives more mental and ho lily vigor 
than sound rest when properly applied. Sleep is our great 
replenisher, and if we neglect to take it regularly in childhood 
all the worse for us when wc grow up. If we sit up late we 
decay: and SOOner Or later wc contract a disease called insomnia, 
allowing it to he permanently lixc 1 upon us, and then we begin 
to decay, even in youth. Late hours are shadows from the 
grave. -./. T. Fields. 





CTTT^ZEnNriLIE] inSTSTBUCTOR. 




<jpt$ Jjuucitify |(nstnu:toii. 



GBORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 1879. 



fiJIDITOIRX^Xj THOUG-HTS. 





HE Latter-day Saints as a class are fond of 
music. They consider that singing is a 
lecessary part of their worship. They 
relieve it is right to "praise God in song." 
They recognize the soothing, inspiring and 
refining effects of music; and in the dark- 
est and must troublous times through 
which they have passed, songs of praise 
ave resounded in their midst, and instru- 
mental music, whenever available, has been 
heard. The early history of the Church affords 
many examples of this fact. The noble men 
who dared everything to establish the Church 
in its infancy were firm believers in the efficacy 
vv_ of music to cheer the drooping spirits and lift the heart 
\.^V „ of man in praise to his Maker. While on the toilsome 
^ march of /inn's Camp; while enduring imprisonment 
ii Missouri and threatened with death by bloodthirsty 
enemies; while seekeng a shelter as best they could on the banks 
of the Missouri, after being plundered and driven from their 
hniiies in Illinois; while pioneering their way to the mountains; 
while threatened with starvation in their new homes — under 
ever} circumstance the servants of God were buoyed up with 
songs and strains of instrumental music. True, the latter was rude. 
sometimes, the "bands being such as could be improvised for the 
occasion, and nut always composed of those instruments that 
an- intended to accord and produce the best harmony; but the 
fact of their being determined to have music of some kind in 
all their trying circumstances, i~ proof of their natural fondness 
for the "di\ iue art." 

Who, among the fathers and sonsthat spent the winter of 
1857-8 guarding their homes from the encroachments of the 
army, enduring cold and privation, and threatened with de- 
struction from the enemj . h ill i \ er forget the songs they were 
won! to sin.'. Tin- "!>u dab. and other si hi us composed and 
sun.' by those gallant defender- were certainly expressive of 
1 sentiments and rendered with n gusto, if they had 
nothing els amend them. 

It has been a serted that the Saints generally have no appre- 
ciation for anything in the line of music above simple melody, 
era and oratorio possess no charms for them. This 
may !»■ partially true, and there i- ;i reason for it. To appre- 
ciate tlii- highi !' class of music. I' I- neeessarj to understand it. 

Tin- Saints iii the past have not i ■ I fa ilities for gaining 

a 1 1 ion i n •_• 1 1 knowledge of music. In the midst of their poverty 
and drivings they have had neither time nor means to enable 
them generally to acquire this knowledge. But it is not so at 
the present time. Musical instruments arc comparatively cheap 
now; teachers of music are not ver, scarce, though not yet as 

abundant as they should be, an e us; ami the people generally 

are better prepared iii every way to make niusic a study than 

they ever were before. We are pleased to notice, too, that a 
great many of the Saints, especially the younger ones, are im- 
pressed with the necessity of doing so. We hope this feeling 



will increase, and trust that the time is not far distant when 
the rudiments of music, at least, will be generally taught in our 
schools.- There is a great deal of musical talent in our com- 
munity, that only requires cultivating to enable its possessors 
to rank high among the adepts in that line. Some that we 
know of have accomplished much in gaining a knowledge of 
music even without the aid of teachers. We will mention one 
of this class whom we think deserving of special credit. Brother 
Evan Stephens, of Willard City, is a young man who has grown 
up here in the Territory, and is self-taught. He has been leader 
of the choir, and organist also, in Willard, for several years, 
and has acquired somewhat of a local reputation as a musical 
composer. We have published quite a number of his produc- 
tions in the Instructor, and some of them have become veiy 
popular. He has lately composed a glee, entitled ''The Mor- 
mon's Song of Freedom," which he has dedicated to theL T uion 
Glee Club, of this City, and which we expect shortly to publish 
in sheet form. It is a piece of considerable merit, and indicates 
that Brother Stephens possesses a high order of talent as a. 
poetical as well as musical composer. 

A musical drama was recently performed at Willard. consisting 
of choruses, songs, duets and incidental music, all composed 
by Brother Stephens. Those who attended seemed highly 
delighted with the various parts and the manner in which they 
were rendered, and the young author felt correspondingly 
encouraged. 

We wish him. and all others pursuing a similar course, success 
in their labors. „ 



AS most of our readers are probably aware, it is quite common 
in other parts of the civilized world for ''strikes'' to occur 
among working-men. Tradesmen sometimes come to the con- 
clusion that their employers are not paying them sufficient for 
their work, and a host of them make up their minds to "strike'' 
for higher wages; in other words, quit work. and,, if possible, 
keep others from working in their stead, until their employers 
will agree to yeild to their terms. Sometimes employers want 
to make a reduction in the wages of their workmen, and the 
latter, rather than submit to it, "strike," or quit work. 
A greal many strikes have occurred throughout Great Britain 
during the past few years, and the working-men, iii nearly 
every instance have been the losers by them, that is. they have 
had to return to work, after being idle lor weeks or mouths, 
at whatever wages their employers liked to offer. A very ex- 
tensive strike has prevailed in Liverpool for some time past, 
and ended about a month ago, as usual — by the workmen 
yieldingto the termsof their employers. The Millennial Star, 
in noticing it. says: 
"Some idea may be formed of the distress and want resulting 

from this labor movement, when it is slated that the total 

amount of bread found In 6,000 homes of the strikers on 
Monday. February 24th, was eleven pounds. This appalling 
fact was discovered by investigating committees appointed for 
the purpose, and caused Mr. Maitland and other leading spirits 
among the men to counsel them to return to work, Several 
thousands, however, arc now unable to find emyloyment, the 

masters having tilled their places during their absence. This 
Strike has probably been one of the most gigantic of a local 

character thai ever occurred in England, the number of work- 
men taking part in it reaching, at one time, no less than 60,000. 
Tt passed over without any serious outbreak, which at one time 
wa - greatly feared, and which perhaps was only prevented by 

extra police precautions and by companies of cavalry parading 
the docks during its continuance.'' 





J-TJ-VJEIDTJILIE] IFSTRUCTOB, 




THE SEA BOTTOM 







b. 



GREAT efforts have been made under the direction of the 
Government departments to discover the nature of life in 
its various forms, as found in the insect world, and among the 
lower life-forms in the sea. 

The attention of our young readers was directed, some time 
ago, to the nature of microscopic life, and various creatures re- 
sembling the infusoria were shown and their habits expatiated 
upon. Some of these tiny creatutes are here repre- 
sented as they are seen in the field of a microscope. But 
there are creatures resembling these, and of all sorts of shapes 
and sizes, to be found in the warers. In the account of the 
explorations made under the direction of the Fish Commission 
a large atroint of in- 
formation is given as 
to the mode of obtain- 
ing spac'iinens of low 
forms of life, such as 
are found on the sea- 
bottom. To obtain 
specimens it is neces- 
sary to provide suita- 
ble apparatus for 
dredging and examin- 
ing the various crea- 
tures that may be 
brought up in the mud. 
And this has to be done 

under the direction of men of scientific ability, who are fam'l- 
iar with the nature of animals, and who know how to deter- 
mine the kind of beings they may meet with. It is considered 
a great treat to an enthusiastic naturalist to find some new 
form of creature, although to obtain it great hardship-* may 
have to be und;rgone and great expense entailed. Tiie late 

Professor Ag- ..__- _.. _ .._ . 

assiz tells iu 
in his account 
of investiga- 
tions iu search 
of life from 
the sea bot- 
tom, that "the 
ocean is a 
t h o u s a ii d 
times mot i 
plete with life 
than earth or 
air. The li.--i 
time you i 
bucketful 
mud taken 
from tic 1 ■' 

bottom you will be Bstonished, I know I was I Ii 
ception before i I the vasi and -w.m . n life of the 
It i- something truly marvel n-." 

Natut I I II in ibat iu wni'iii i imatcs opzu is spread over 
the sea bottom lo a di pth of jevcrul feet, and all teeming with 
life — not only microscopic life, such as moncrs and buthybiu 

thai have bi in no ic 1 1 heretofore in our column'', but Ilmks 

of every conceivable form litre in a >inguhu ereaturo thai 
builds for itself a residence nut of fragment* •■! other shell*, 
and particles of rock which aro cemented tngoihet by a cere 
lion which afterwards hardens into rock. One m Husk known 

Q 




1 M i con 
■ , i''|iths. 



as the onustui ealculiferous, is frequently covered with pieces 
of shells and fragments of material thus appropriated. The 
Murex family also, are exceedingly expert in repairing their 
shells, and in making use of fragments from other mol- 
lusks. 

It is very interesting to read the account of naturalist.? en- 
gaged in hunting after curiosities from the sea. First, the 
character of the sea-bottom must be ascertained. This is done 
by sounding, the lead having a tallow cup beneath to bring up 
material which sticks to the bottom. Then a flat dredge is 
lowered into the sea, which, by skillful manipulation, is hauled 
along the bottom. The lips of the mouth of the bag are strips 
of iron. As the dredge is drawn along, the low.:r lip shovels 
up the mud and pushes it into the net. 

( >n the deck of the vessel a group of naturalists may be seen 
awaiting the results of the trawl. Many of the greatest scientists 
of the age will engage in such explorations. In describing the 
pleasurable nature of these fishing expeditions, an eye witness 
tells us that the Commission was established on Peace's Island. 
There Professor Morse had hisi laboratory. "The floor 
was covered with all manner of creeping things from the 
sea bottom: crabs, shell-fish and other slimy creatures. You 
could scarcely tread without sotting your foot on some treasure, 
perhaps to crush a lively horse-shoe, a limulus, or ;i sea 
urchin; or to slip on a mass of sponge, or sea-weed. Around 
the room were the tables of the naturalists, each with one or two 
microscopes and lamps, anda plentiful supply of tubesand bot- 
tles. The shelves on the walls looked like a drug shop with a 
literary turn. They had mixtures of bottles and books, with 
here and there slender sponges, shell-fish and other specimens 
hung up to dry. " 

We have lately given the picture of an Entomologist in his 
study. This is a description, in part, of a naturalist's labora- 
tory. 

There are many creatures seen in our ponds resembling tli3 
curio is uio'.iUik here represented. They are known as caddis 

flies, • is.' makers. T h >y are the abodes of insects which 

live in w..t r. Tiny are known by naturalists as hydropsychi 
atomaritt. and c immonly as water flics. The ■phrygam i 
flnmrornis builds a tube of fragments of shells, such as we 
have rcprcsentt d. The /' rhombu a makes a case of panicles 
ol wo <i 



Sleeping Fm>wers.t— Almost all flowers sleep during the 
night, 'flic marigold Ljoe> to bed with the sun, and with him 
rises weeping. Many plants arc so sensitive thai they close 
their leaves during tin' passage of a cloud. The dandelion 
opens at five or six in the morning, and shuts at nine in tic 
evening. 'I'hc goat's beard wakes al three in tin' morning, and 
shuts at five or six in the evening. The common daisj shuts 
no its blossom in the evening, ami opens its "daj s eye to 

meet the early beams of the ruing sun. The crocus, tulip 

I man) others, close their blossoms :ii different hour to 

wards the evening. The ivy-leaved lettuce opens al cighl in 

the morning, and clo es forever at four in the after m, The 

nighf flowering cereus turns nighl into day. tt begins to expand 
its magnificent sweel scented blossoms iu the twilight; ii is full 

blown al midnight I closes, never to open again, at the 'I twn 

of day. Ina clover-field not a leaf opens until after sunrise. 
These are the observations of a celebrated English author, who 

has devoted much ti to the study of plants, and often watched 

ih. in .1 ii i in v their quid slumbor, Those plants which secui to 
be awake all night, be styles "the bat* an I owls of the vegeta- 
ble kingdom." 



Qi>. 







83 



JTJYElvriLE IITSTE,UCTOB, 




"UNDERSTANDEST THOU WHAT 
THOU READEST?" 



fPHIS is what. Philip, said to the Ethiopian eunuch, who, 
i while riding in his chariot, was reading the Prophet 
Esaias, or, in plainer words. I will say he was muling the book 
of the Pin], hft Isaiah, the same which may be found in the 
Old Testament. 

"Uuderstandest thou what thou readest?" This question is 
very applicable in our day. as well as in the days of the apostles 
of the Savior. 

I would ask our young rea lers < and also those who are older): 
When perusing a book of any kind, do you understand what 
yun are rea ling about? Not always. When we read we should 
always try to obtain a full knowledge of what we are reading 
about. Better read only a little and understand it thoroughly, 
than to read a great deal and not get the sense of the subject. 

On the inside of a cover of a book before me is the following: 
"Read slowly, think seriously, pause frequently." This is very 

g 1 advice to old and young. A great many people are in too 

much of a hurry when perusing a good book. 

While on this subject let me ask: boys, fye . and girls too) 
have you read the Book of Mormon? No doubt a great many 
of you have, bur there are quite a number who have not. To 
those who have not availed themselves of this privilege, I would 
say. do so at your first opportunity. Go over it slowly. It is 
a very interesting book: but the young of this Territory neglect 
to read it. Many Books of -Mormon can be seen lying on the 
.-helves, dusty. Probably if this goo 1 hook was called by some 
other name —something startling — it would be read more eager- 
ly. I might say the same with regard to other Church works. 

Lit us thoroughly understand what we read about, and if 
there are an} words we do not know the correct definition of, 
let u- a-k those who do. or tin 1 out from :\ dictionary. 



C HEWING GUM. 

rpiIE habit of chewing gum, wo are happy to say. is not a very 

1 prevalent ■ in our community. What it is that generally 

prompts hoy- and girls to indulge in such an unbecoming habit: 
v . an unable to -n 

It may be a fondness for the taste of gum; or want of something 
else to do: or a desire to be in the fashion; or an idea that they 

look better with check protruding, such a- seems to inspire 

o chewers when they lodgea large cud of the nasty wed 
on one side of their jaws. But whatever maj be the motive, it 

i- not a habit that commends itself to a sensible 
son. 

A writer in a Kentuck 
it prevails in that State: 

■"If a person happens to meet an assemblageof twenty-four 
young girls, at least, two-third- of them will he compelled to 
tik. a chunk of long, stringy wax from their mouths before they 

■ an commence a conversation. The wax i- held in their hand, 
and the moment the conversation ceases, it is thrown into the 
mouth and vigorous work is resumed. In case a girl is com- 
pelled to leave the room lo get a drink of water, she hands her 
wax to her nearest neighbor, who manages to keep it hot until 
the return of the owner." 

It is not only a foolish, but a dangerous habit, and therefore 
ought never to be indulged in. The following instance is cited 
by the same Kentucky paper. "A girl named Lida Smith had 



md refined per. 
paper thus refers to the practice as 



been a chewer for nearly a year. She is about eleven years old, 
rather bright and intelligent, and chewed about the same quan- 
tity of the material that was used by neighboring girls along the 
avenue. On Saturday evening she took her wax from her 
mouth, stuck it under the edge of the mantle until she could 
go to the kitchen to get a swallow of water, and on her return 
her parents were horrified to see her jaws moving rapidly. She 
was told to throw the wax from her mouth, and on investigation 
it was found that she was not chewing anything; still her jaws 
kept moving at a rapid rate. The parents sent for a physician, 
who came and attempted to hold the jawsin proper position, be- 
lieving it to be only temporary, but be could not stop the reg- 
ular movement. The child grew' nervous, and the excitement 
only increased the action of her jaws. 

The physician put a tight bandage over her face, and this 
partially relieved the movement; but then the twitchings of the 
muscles extended all over her face. As a last resort, a moder- 
ate dose of morphine was administered, and the little girl kept 
up incoherent mutterings, accompanied by a general disturbance 
of the muscles of the upper portion of the holy, during the 
earlier portion of the night, but toward morning the little 
sufferer was restored to her normal condition. The physician 
says he never heard of such a case before, and thinks it was 
brought about by a spasmodic action of the muscles of the face. 
caused b} T over action. The little girl, after enduring a night of 
suffering, is now restored, but nothing in the world could induce 
her to again chew wax. 



The Toad. — Not only are toads harmless, they arc abso'utely 
and directly useful to us: perambulating our fields and gardens 
at night, anJ devouring vast quantities of injurious insects 
which could never be destroyed by the hand of man. The 
mode in which a toad takes his prey is very curious. The 
singularly beautiful eye of the toad is as quick as it is bright, 
and if. within the range of its vision, an insect or a grub should 
happen to move, the toad is sure to see it, and nearly certain 
to catch it. First, the toad holds its head as high as pes able, 
so as to make sure of its prey, and then crawls slowly toward 
it, preferring to get under it if posible. When it is nearly 
within reach, it gazes intently at the insect, its mouth being 
gradually brought nearer and nearer. Something pink then 
flashes from its mouth, and the insect vanishes as if by magic. 
The pinkflish is the tongue of the toad, which is formed in 
a rather curious way. The base of the tongue is fixed close to 
the front of the lower jaw, and is long and tapering, the tip 
pointing down the throat when it is at rest. When, however, 
it is used for catching prey, it is thrown out with a sort of 
"flick," and the tip, which is covered with a glutinous 
secretion, adheres to the insect, and conveys it down the toad's 
throat before the prey has time to make an effort for escape. 
When the toad swallows its prey, it does it with a mighty 
effort, during which the eyes almost disappear, the size of the 
insect having little to do with the vehemence of the demon- 
stration. Sometime?, when a large beetle is swallowed, it does 
struggle, but too late, and for some time its struggles may be 
seen through the thin and ribless sides of its capture); the 
toad, sitting the while in perfect composure, not in the least 
affected by the scratchings and kickings that are going on in 
its interior. 



It is only by labor that thought can be made healthy, and 
only by thought that labor can be made happy. The two 
cannot be separated with impunity. 



.--.- 



St3^_ 




^J 



CTTJ^IEINriLH] I^TSTBTJCTOE, 



81 




.A. DIALOG- XT IE, 
Btiween a Gentile Gentleman and a ''Mormon" Boy. 




Gentile Gentleman. — "Are you a 'Mormon 1 boy?" 

"Mobmoh" Boy. — "lam, sir." 

G. G. — "How long have you been a 'Mormon?' " 

M. B. — ''Ever since I was born." 

G. G. — "Then your father must be a 'Mormon.'" 

M. B.- "He is, sir." 

G. G. — "And your mother?'' 

M. B.— "Yes, sir." 

G. G.— "Have you any brothers and sisters?" 

M. I!. — "(I yes. sir: I liave lots of them." 

G. G. — "Lots of them! How many have you?" 

M. B.— "Twenty." 

G. G. — "Twenty brother? ami sistersl "What a familv!" 

M. I!. — "Yes. sir, some people are not so well off." 

• J. <i — "Xo, they are not, I assure you." 

M. B. — "How many brothers and sisters have you. sir?" 

G. G. — "Only two, one of each." 

M. B.— "Only two! That is a small family. Well, I am sorry, 
\ ery sorry, for you.'' 

G. G. — "Thank you.'' 

M, I!. — "Don't you feel lonely sometimes?" 

G. G. — "Xo. not particularly so. Why should I'.'" 

M. B.— "0, becau-e you have only one brother and one sister to 
talk to, and you did not have any more to play with when you 
were a boy. did you?" 

G. G. — "Xo. But many pe'ople have small families where I 
came from." 

M. B. — "Do they? I wonder how that is! It is just the contrary 
here " 

G. G.— "Is it?" 

M. B. — "Yes, almost everybody here has lots'of brothers and 
sisters We pity those who haven't." 

G. G. — "You do! Then I supposeyou pity me." 

M. B.— "Yes, a little." 

('•. G. — "Thank you. If the 'Mormon 1 people have so many 
children, they must increase in numbers ■vn-y fast." 

M. B. — "They do. 1 can remember when there were not nearly 
so many people in Salt Lake City as there are now, ' 

G. G — "How old are you?" 

M. B.— "Fifteen years." 

G. G — "How many j pie are then- in (hi- city?" 

M B. — "] d i not know. 1 should think between twenty and 
thirty thousand ' 

i . i .. - "How many are there in tie- Territory?'' 

M, B. — "1 do not know that I should think, from what I have 

heard, about a hundred and fifty thousand." 

1 .. Or. — "They arc not all 'Mori is' though? ' 

M B.— "0 no. but the -( of them are." 

i . I .. - "A bout how many 7 '' 

M l> — "Well I Bhould say about nine in every ten. Perhaps 

i.i. A re there any in the adjoining Territories?" 

M. B.— "0 yes. There are a few in the Territories of Wyoming 
and \ i Mi ico and a large number in the Territories of Idaho 
and Arizona. There are also a few intheStates of Nevada and 
i . . . . jdo " 

• . Or.— "Arc the 'Mor lis' increasing in numbers in those Ter- 
ritories and Stati 

\l I'.. "I believe thej are in mosl of them, particularly in 
A rizonn and Idaho " 

i, (, -■ \\ hen was this vallcj firs) -nil' 

M. li. -" In 1*17. which i- thirty-two years ago. Mj parents 
were among tl arlicsl settlers." 

i , (. "Whj did the ' Mormons' come hi I 

\l B i . wore not allowed to live in peace in the 

States." 

(;. G.— "Who would not allow them?" 

\i i; "Their onemic cor i ting of preachers, politicians, and 
other | pic, mobocratic in spirit, generally, who drove them from 



Missouri and Illinois and persecuted them almost everywhere they 
happened to be, until they determined to find a home in the Rocky 
Mountains, where there were no mobs nor any people who falsely 
called themselves Christians." 

G. G. — "Why did they happen to choose this part of the world 
to come to?" 

M B — "Because the Lord inspired them to come here, audit 
seemed the only region where they could dwell in peace, and 
where there was no one to molest them or make them afraid." 

G. G. — "Were they not afraid of the Indians?" 

M B — "O no. They were much less afraid of them than of 
unprincipled white men. The Indians can begot along with very 
well, generally, if they are not abused, but are fairly treated, like 
William Penn treated them in Pennsylvania, or as the Canadian 
government treats them, or as they have been treated usually by 
the 'Mormons.' " 

G. G. — "Did not the first, settlers find it very hard to live here'" 

M. B. — "Yes; they endured many privations at times. But they 
were thankful they could live in peace. Plenty followed in a few 
years, and then they had not much to complain of" 

G. G. — "Why, this region, for hundreds of miles every way, 
was formerly termed the Great American Desert, where it was 
thought no large body of people could sustain themselves." 

M. B.— "Yes, and it was rightly named. It was a desert, a dry 
and parched and barren land for the most part. The general 
opinion was that no cultivated crops would grow in this valley; 
and it was very difficult, in early times, to raise many kinds of 
trees and plants." 

G. G- — "The hind seems to be very productive now." 

M. B — "Yes, sir, the Lord has blessed it and increased its 
productiveness greatly." 

G. G — "Well, I am glad of it. I think your people deserve all 
the blessings they have enjoyed in this part of the country. Good 
morning." 

M. B — "Thank vou. sir. Good morning." 



Nothing Lost. — Chemistry tells us nothing is wholly lost. 
When a stick of wood is used for fuel we say it is destroyed, 
but not one atom of which it is composed is annihilated. In 
the ashes, in the air in which it was consumed, these particles 
may be found. They may be reproduced in the dewdrop 
that sparkles on the flower, or erystalized in the snownake. 
or may fall to the waiting fields in a grateful tain. Si ill seme 
other atoms may be found in a stick of candy, and ages hence 
it may fill a little but important place in ,-ouie proud statue of 
marble. Such transformations are not only possible but sure. 
Kennedy, the poet, says: 

"When by the wind the tree, is shaken, 

There's not a bough or leaf can fall 
But of its fulling heed is taken 

By one who s(.,. s and governs all. 
The world is with creation teeming, 

And nothing ever wholly dies; 
And things that are destroyed in seeming 

In other shapes arise!" 

The story of an atom on its ceaseless journej would 1 e I rl en 

more interesting than the adventures of a drop of water. 
Now soaring high, now sinking low in the clouds, in the 
iceberg, ill (li I OCeUII, The ocean has been in the clouds, 
perhaps, many tilUC", yet not a drop has been lost. 

"Nothing i- lost— the drop of dew 
Which sparkles on the leaf or flower 

Is bui i' »h did to fall anew 
I ii summer's thunder »howpr, — 

Pi reliance to shim' within i he how 
That fronts tin sun nl fall nf day. 

Perchance to aparkle in the flow 

( If fountains far aw ay." 





82 



J" TJ ^TIEICT I LIE I1TSTBVCTOR, 




RULES OF STUDY. 



rrHOROUGHNESS and accuracy are two principal points 
i to be aimed at in study. Francis Horner, in laying down 

rules for the cultivation of his mind, placed great stress u] 

the habit of continuous application to one subject for the sake 
of mastering it thoroughly; he confined himself with thisobject 

to only a few I ks. and resisted with the greatest firmness 

"every approach to a habit of desultory reading." The value 
of knowledge to any man consists not in its quantity, but main- 
ly in the g I use to which he can apply it. Hence a little 

knowledge of an exact and perfect character, is always found 
more valuable for practical purposes than any extent of super- 
ficial learning. 

One of Ignatius Loyola's maxims was. "He who does well 
one work at a time, does more than all." By spreading our 
efforts over too large a surface we inevitably weaken our force. 
hinder our progress, ami acquire a habit of fitfulness and inef- 
fective working. Lord St. Leonards once communicated to Sir 
Fowell Buxton the mode in which he had conducted his studies, 
and thus explained tin- secret of his sucess: "I resolved, 
said he, "when beginning to read law, to make every thing I 
acquired perfectly my own. and never to go to a second thing- 
till I hail entirely accomplished the first. Many of my com- 
petitors read as much in a day as I read in a week; but, at the 
end of twelve months, my knowle lge was as fresh as the day 
it was acquired, while theiis hail glided away from reccol'ee- 
tion." 

It i> not the quantity of study that one gets through, or the 
a uount of reading, that makes a wise man: but the apposite- 
n ess of the study tn the purpose for which it is pursued; the 
concentration of the mind, for the time being, on the subject 
under consideration; and the habitual discipline by which the 
whole system of mental application is regulated. Abemethy 
was even of opinion that there was a point of satutation in his 
own mind, and that if he took into it something more than it 
c mid hold, it only had the effect of pushing something else out. 
Speaking of the study of medicine, he said, "If a man has a 
clear idea of what he desires to do. he will seldom fail in select- 
ing the pro] i-r mean- of accomplishing it. 

The niost profitable study is that which is conducted with a 
definite aim and object. I\\ thoroughly mastering any given 
branch of knowledge we render it more available for use at any 

moment. Hence it i I e igh merely to have books, or to 

know where to read for information as we want it. Practical 
wisdom, for the purpose of life, must be carried about with us. 
and be ready fur use at call. It is li"t sufficient that We have 
a fund laid up at home, bin imt a farthing in the pocket: we 
must carry about with IIS a store of the current coin of knowl- 

Igi read) for exchang i all occasions, else we are compara- 
tively helpless when the opportunity for using it occurs. 

Decision ami promptitude are as requisite in self-culture as in 
business. The growth of these qualities tua; lie encouraged 
b) a ^customing young people t" rely upon their own resources, 

leaving them to enjoj a- i Ii freedom of action in early life 

a- is practicable. Too much guidance and restraint hinder the 
formation of habits of self-help. The- are like bladder- tied 
under the arms of one who has nut taught himself to swim. 
Want of confidence is perhaps a greater obstacle to improvement 
than is geneia'h imagined. It has been said that half the 
failures in life arise from pulling in one's horse while he is 
leaping. Dr. Johnson was accustomed to attribute his success 
to confidence in his own powers. True modesty is quite com- 
patible with a dm 1 estimate of une's own merit-, and doe- not 



demand the abnegation of all merit. Though there are those 
who deceive themselves by putting a false figure before their 
ciphers, the want of confidence, the want of faith in one's 
self, and consequently the want of promptitude in action, is a 
defect of character which is found to stand very much in the 
way of individual progress; and the reason why so little is done, 
is generally because so little is attempted. 

There is usually no want of desire on the part of most 
persons to arrive at the results of self-culture, but there is a 
great aversion to pay the inevitable price for it, of hard work. 
Hr. Johnson held that "impatience of study was the mental 
disease of the present generation;" and the remark is still 
applicable. We may not believe that there is a royal road to 
learning, but we seem to believe very firmly in the "popular" 
one. In education, we invent labor-saving processes, seek 
short cuts to science, learn French and Latin "in twelve lessons," 
or "without a master.'' We resemble the lady of fashion, 
who engaged a master to teach her on condition that he did 
not plague her with verbs and participles. We get our smat- 
tering of science in the same way; we learn chemistry hy listen- 
ing to a short course of lectures enlivened by experiments, and 
when we have inhaled laughing-gas, seen green water turned 
to red, and phosphorus burnt in oxygen, we have got our 
smattering, of which the most that can be said is, that though 
it may be better than nothing, it is yet good for nothing. 
Thus we often imagine we are being educated while we are only 
being amused. 

The facility with which young people are thus induced to 
acquire knowledge, without study and labor, is not education. 
It occupies but does not enrich the mind. It imparts a stimu- 
lus for the time, and produces a sort of intellectual keenness 
and cleverness; but without an implanted purpose and a higher 
object than mere pleasure, it will bring -with it no solid advan- 
tage. In such eases knowledge produces but a passing im- 
pression; a sensation, but no more; it is, in fact, the merest 
epicurism of intelligence — sensuous, but certainly not intellec- 
tual. Thus the best qualities of many minds, those which are 
evoked by vigorous effort and independent action, sleep a deep 
sleep, and are often never called to life, except by the rough 
awakening of sudden calamity or suffering, which, in such 
eases, comes as a blessing, if it serves to rouse up a courageous 
spirit that, but for it. would have s'ept on. 

Accustomed to acquire information under the guise of amuse- 
ment, young people will soon reject that which is presented to 
them under tin' aspect of study and labor. Learning their 
knowledge and science in sport, they will be too apt to make 
sport of both: while the habit of intellectual dissipation, thus 
engendered, cannot fail, in i nurse of time, to produce a 
thoroughly emasculating effect both upon their mind and charac- 
ter. "Multifarious reading," -aid Robertson, of Brighton. 

'weakens the mind like Smoking, and is an excuse for its lying 
dormant. It is the idlest id' all idlenesses, and leaves more of 
impotency than any other. 

The evil is a growing one. and operates In various ways. Tts 
least mischief is shallowness; its greatest, the aversion to steady 

labor which it induces, and the low and feeble tone of mind 

which it encourages. If we would be really wise, we must 

diligently apply ourselves, and confront the same continuous 

application which our forefathers did; for labor is still, and ever 

will be. the inevitable price set upon every thing which is 

valuable. We must be satisfied to work with a purpose, and 

wait the results with patience. All progress, of the best kind. 

is slow; but to him who works faithfully and zealously the reward 

will, doubtless, be vouchsafed in good time. — Smiles' SeJfHelp. 



P 



iN. 



^ 



& 






i^ 






J-TJ^rEHsriljE! IUSTE/UCTOE/. 



83 



J* 



\y 



BUY TOOLS 



BUY tools for your boys, and if you have no boys, buy tools 
for your girls. It will not barm any girl to learn to. drive 
a nail or saw a board, and do it well, and if she knows how, she 
will, without any doubt, many times find it convenient, no 
matter what may be her fortune in life. For every one, it will 
be a great advantage to cultivate mechanical skill — no one has 
too much of it. Nothing will be handier or be acceptable on 
more occasions than to know how to use a few common tools. 
To begin with, the outfit need not cost over ten dollars, but we 
will say twenty-five dollars. For this he may buy a square, a 
jack-plane, a smoothing-nlane, a hand-ax, a hammer, a draw- 
shave, some dividers, a bit-stock and half a dozen bits, -a. half 
dozen chisels, a bench-screw, a small bench he can make; a few 
files, a whetstone, a hand-saw, a rip saw, a screw- driver. Then 
with the rest of the twenty-five dollars he can buy a little wire, 
an assortment of screws, a few of a kind, and an assortment of 
nails, and a small quantity of pieces of boards of various 
dimensions. The tools should be of good quality. In a little 
time some of these will be lost or broken, but what of it? So 
is money lost and thrown away. It is profitable training for 
every one to learn how to use money properly. To learn, they 
need to begin early under good instructions. Twenty-five dol- 
lars in money may be spent in a thousand waysfor things which 
will do less good than the tools. Although this may seem to 
some a large amount to pay fortools, twenty-five dollars would 
be considered a small item as an inheritance for a young man. . 
Then buy the children some tools and they will learn to make 
many playthings for themselves, and be less likely to get into 
bad company. They will be happier, wiser, better; they will 
have a stronger attachment for home, and a greater love for 
parents, and these are a priceless fortune to any young man or 
woman, a fortune which cannot lelost by any failure of banks 
or depreciation in real estate. 



C II E E R FULNESS 




T17K would rather be poor and merry, than inherit the 
VY wealth of the Indies with a discontented spirit. A 
merry heart, a cheerful spirit, from which laughter wells up 
as naturally as bubbles in the springs of Saratoga, are worth 
all the money-bags, stocks and mortgages cf the city. The 
man who laughs is a doctor with a diploma endorsed by the 
school of Nature; his face does more good in a sick room than 
a pound of powders or a gallon of bitter draughts. If things 
go right he laughs because he [is pleased: if they go wrong, 
he laughs because it is cheaper and better than crying. Peo- 
ple are always glad to see him, their hands instinctively go 
half way out to meet his grasp, while they turn involuntarily 
from the clammy touch of the dyspeptic, who speaks on the 
groaning key. lie laughs you out of your faults, while you 
never dream of being offended with him; it seems as if 
Min-hiric coiiie- into the room with him and you never know 
what a pleasant world yon are living in until he points out 
the ninny streaks on its pathway. \\'h<» .;i n help loving the 
whole-souled, genial laughter? Not the bufloon, nor the man 
who classes noise with mirth— but the cheery, content! d man 
of sense and mindl A. good-humored laugh is the key to all 
breasts. The truth is, that people like to be laughed al in a 
genial Bort of way. Il you are making yourself ridiculous, 
.,,,11 wan) to '"' told of it Iii a pleasant manner, not -m en 'I at. 
And it is astonishing how frankly the laughing population can 



talk without treading on the sensitive toes of their neighbors. 
Why will the people put on long faces, when it is so much easier 
and more comfortable to laugh? Tears come to us unsought 
and unbidden. The wisest art in life is to cultivate smiles, 
and to find the flowers where others shrink away for fear of 
thorns. 



MARVELS OF M A N 



WHILE the gastric juice has a mild, bland, sweetish taste, 
it possesses the power of digesting the hardest food that 
can he swallowed. It has no influence whatever on the fibres 
of the living animal, but at the moment of death it begins to 
eat them away with the power of the strongest acid. 

There is dust on sea and land — on the valley and on the 
mountain top — there is dust always and everywhere. The 
atmosphere is full of it. It penetrates the noisome dungeon, 
and visits the deepest and darkest caves of the earth. No 
palace door can shut it out; no drawer is so secret as to escape 
its presence. Every breath of wind dashes it upon the eye; 
which yet is not blinded, because of the blandest fluid in nature 
essentially emptying itself under the eyelid, which spreads 
itself over the surface of the eyeball, at every winking, and 
washes every atom of the dust away. This liquid, so well 
adapted to the eye itself, hassouie acridity, which, under certain 
circumstances, becomes so decided as to be scalding to the skin, 
and would rot away the eyelids, were it not that along the edges 
of them there are little oil manufactories, which spread over 
their surface a coating as impervious to the liquids necessary 
for keeping the eyeball washed clean, as the best varnish is 
impervious to water, 

The breath which leaves the lungs has been so perfectly 
divested of its life giving properties, that to re breathe it, 
unmixed with ether air, the moment it "escapes the mouth, 
would cause immediate death by suffocation; while if it hovered 
about us, a more or less destructive influence over health would 
be occasioned. But it is made of a nature so much lighter 
than the common air, that the moment it escapes the lips and 
nostrils it ascends to higher regions, above the breathing point, 
there to be rectified, renovated, and sent back again, replete 
with purity and life. How rapidly it asceads is beautifully 
exhibited any frosty morning. 

But foul and deadly as the expiring air is, nature — wisely 
economical in all her works and ways — turns it to good account 
in the outward passage through the organs of voice, and makes 
of it the whisper of love, the soft words of afleotion', the tender 
tones of human sympathy, the sweet strains of ravishing music, 
and the persuasive eloquence of the flu-bed orator. 

If a wc II- made man be extended on the ground, his arms at 
right angles with his body, a circle, making the navel the 
centre, will just take in the head, the finger i nds, and the feet. 
The distance from 'head to toe' is precisely the same as that 
between the tips of the fingers when the arms are extended. 
The length of the body is just six times that of the foot; while 
the distance from the edge of the hair on the forehead to the 
edge of the chin, is one tenth of the leugth of the whole 
stature. 

Of the sixtj two primary elements known in nature, only 
eightei n are found in the human body, and of these, seven are 
metallic. Iron is found in the blood; phosphorus in the brain; 
limestone in the bile; lime in the I our.-,, dual and ashes in them 
all. Not only these eighteen human elam eots, bu( the whole 
sixty-two, of which the whole universe i- made, have their 
essential basis in the four substance! oxygen, hydrogen, nitro 




I 7 



84 



CTTJ^TJil^TILE] ifstructob 



gen, and carbon — representing tlie more familiar names of fire, 
water, salipstre, and charcoal. And such is man, the lord of 
the earth — a spark of fire — a drop of water — a grain of gun- 
powder — an atom of charcoal ! 

But looking at him in another direitioo, these e'.ements, 
shadow forth the higher qualities of a diviner nature, of an 
immortal existence. In that spatk isthe caloric which speaks 
of irrepressible activity; in that drop is the water which speaks 
of purity; in that grain is the force by which he subdues all 
things to himself — makes the wide creation the supplier ofbis 
wants, and the servitor of his pleasures; while in that atom of 
charcoal there is a diamond, which speaks at once of light and 
purity, of indestructible and resistless progress. There is 
nothing which outshines it; it is purer than the dewdrop. 'Moth 
and rust' corrupt it not, nor cau any ordinary fires destroy it; 
while it cuts its way alike thriugh brass and adamant, and 
hardest steel. In that light we see an eternal progression to- 
wards omniscience; in that purity the good of divine nature ; 
in that indestructibility an iurnortal existence; iu that progress a 
steady ascension toward the home and bosom of God. — Selected. 



>» ^ «i 



The Working Boy's Spare Minutes. — The reason why 
one laboring man in a shop is a man of intelligence, command- 
ing the respect of all about him, while the man at the next 
bench is a mere hewer of wood, like the implement he uses, i= 
because he has improved his intellectual powers and the other 
has suffered them to be over-ruu with wjeds. One has made 
the best use of his spare minutes, counting them precious as 
gold, while the other has squandered them. They might have 
averaged fairly with regard to talent at the outset, but the 
brawniest arm suffered to hang idle, will j-oon lose its tough 
lit.ro and become weak and worthies;. 

The young man who will read but an hour a day, in a 
thoughtful manner, some profitable work, will never be a 
drone in the world's hive Good stirring thought will chisel 
even the features, hanging out the sign of intelligence to 
every observer. 

The dull intellects are often industrious and pains-taking over 
- trifles, like the young mechanic who taught a dog to 
dance on his hind leg-, by giving his entire mind to it for a 
whole winter. A companion, by close study over his business 
during the same time brought out a most valuable invention in 
cutting ship-timber which made him a fortune. 

Knowledge is power anywhere and everywhere. If you are 
in the most humble mechanical pursuit, make yourself an able 
man in it: a man that will be respected by companions and 
employers: a man whose opinion will be asked and often quoted 
on doubtful questions as good authority. A man must know 
something to enjoy this enviable superiority, and to know, he 
must learn. Reading i- the main method by which a young 
workingman can advance himself intellectually, and that only 
when his reading i- of the best character. 



\Y HAT ISA I, E T T E It P 




A silent language, uttered to the eye. 
Which envious distance would in vain deny: 
A tie to bind where. < in 'um-tanees part, 
A nerve of feeling stretched from heart to heart: 
Formed to convey, like an electric chain, 
The mystic flash— the lightning of the brain, 
And bear at once, along each precious link, 
Affection's life-pulse in a drop of ink. 



ATE M P I, E S < > X < r 




[Tune.- "How goes the Battle.") 



BY H. M.VIBEX. 

Joyfully, joyfully, now a son;- we -in;;'. 

Lifting up our hearts to God, our heavenly King: 

While, with praise and gratitude, we banish all complaints, 

Km- we realize that we are numbered with the Saint-. 

Chorus: 
We wish to prove ourselves faithful and true, 
Therefore our diligence we renew, 
Working with our might, while firmly we unite, 
Heart and hand, in Zion's cause, doing what is right. 
Thus agreed, with good speed, temples we will build, 
That the living and the dead may with joy be filled. 
Joyfully, joyfully, we each other greet, 
When, in Sunday school, on Sabbath days we meet; 
There we are instructed how to walk in wisdom's ways; 
Tis a duty which devolves on Saints of latter days. 
Joyfully, joyfully, we our offerings bring; 
Aiding, by our means, to make these valleys ring 
With the busy hum of those who work with strength and will, 
Building temples of the Lord, according to His will. 
Cordially, cordially, we will now invite 
All who wish, with us, to help with means and might. 
That the Hanti Temple may, ere long, be made complete, 
Dedicated to the Lord, and used as shall be meet. 



PUZZLE. 

Wiikn first my maker form'd me to his mind. 
He gave me eyes, yet left me dark and blind; 
He form'd a nose; yet left me without smell; 
A mouth, hut neither voice nor tongue to tell; 
The world me use; and oft tin' fair, through me, 
Although I hide the face, do plainly see. 



Tut; answer to the Enigma published in No 5 is "Consider 
THE LILIES." (Matt. vi. 28.) The Initial letters of the Mow- 
ing names spell the text: Ghedorlaomer (Gen. xiv. 17), 
Omiii il Kings xvi. 28). Nebuchadnezzar (Dan. iv. 33), 
Saul il Sam. xxviii. si, Ishbosheth (2 Sam. iv. 7), David 

(2 Sam. i. 17), EVIL-MERODACH (Jer. Hi. 31-34), R.EH0B0AH 
( I Kings xii, 8), TlGLATH-PILESER (2 Kings xvi. 7), HeZEKIAH 

(2 Kings xix. 15-19), Eglon (Judges iii. hi, 25), Lemuel 
1'rov. xx.xi. 1 1, Inner-Court (Esther v. 1 1, Lachish (2Chron. 
JtL 9; xxv. 27), Isaiah (2 Kings xx. 5-7), ESARHADDON I- 
Kings xix. 37), Solomon i_ Chron. i. 12). 

We have received correct solutions from N. Smith, Spanish 
Fork; Isabella Walton, Mill Creek, and Geo. Weston and Jos. 
Gibbons, Laketown. 



J-TJVZEZrsrTI ,E I1TSTRUOTOB 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



7/EOHQE Q. CANNOTd ______ C.tTOB. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 

Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2,00. 

On Copies Sent bv Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^_S-0tfice, South Temple Street, O.ae-and-a-half Blocks West 
of Tabarnicle. Salt Like City. 



q 






