
VOL XI, 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1876. 



JSO. 9. 



THE IITTEI?.nsr^TIOITJLXj EXIHIBTTI 



3sr. 



( Continued. ) 




TiiK Art >Temori;iI Gallery, <if whioh wn fravp an illustration 
in our last nuiulier, is liuilt of granite, and is intended to 
be permanent. It covers an area of an acre and a half, a 
little larjier .«paee than that of one of our larsre city lot,=. 
Besides this, another edifice is added, which will only be 
teujporary. This is to accommodate the unexpectedly large 
number of pictures sent. France has sent seven hundred 
pictures, and other countries in proportion. It is said the 
collection of paintings and statuary will lar exceed in mafjni- 
tude aud importance that at Vienna. 

The works of art sent from Pope Pius con ist of two Ma- 
donnas in mosaic, one of Raphael, the other of Tessoferrato; 
al.'o two vases of flowers, likewise in mosaic, prepareil in the 
Vatican establish- 
ment; a St. Agnes, 
Virgin and Martyr, 
in tapestry, which 
the artist, ,Sig. (!en- 
tili, has been able to 
execute in the A ati- 
can. 

The glass (?ome of 
the Art (lallery will 
be lighted by J,(ii)0 
gas jets. The dome 
i.s 2.')0 feet above the 
level of the Schuyl- 
kill, and will be visi- 
ble at night all over 
I'hiladelphia. 

The Agricultural Hall will occu])y an area of ten acrfes; the 
Horticultural Hall and grounds over forty acres. Ilcrc will be 
farm jjroducts and everythinc relating to farming; with trees, 
plants and flowers from every part of the habitable globe. 
This will prohiably be the most attractive feature of this groat 
world's fair, so far as Amerii-ans are concerned. (Jreat irood 
must result from this part of the exhiVjilion. Already a large 
collection of valuable native jilants has been brought together, 
among which may be mentioned, four hundred trees, C(mipris- 
ing evergreens and .saplings, and representing the most import- 
ant wood growth of Oregon, that have been planted within the 
horticultural area. 

The main IIorticullur.il Hall is nearly filled with tropical 
lants which are kept in tlie forcing houses during the winter. 



The effect of the grouping of the many rare and beautiful 
p'ants as contrasted wi>h the florid decoration of the walls and 
c'iling, is very rich and attractive. 

An interestins feature will be the, display of trojiical plants 
from Jules Lnchaume's acclimatization gardens. Havana. Cuba. 
In the large collection there are .some fine specimens of palms, 
such as saso, latonia or fan, trir.ox, cocoanut, date and royal 
palms, eight or twelve feet high; also small ones, including 
agaves, cactus, and a general as.soitnient of plants from the 
tropics. Forty evens revolute. or .sago palm, four to ten feet 
high, are included in the collection. 

Of course amid all this grand display .-ome things will be 
more attractive to the readers of tlie I.\.struct(iii than othens; 

these will be pub- 




~^=y^\ ■' .;;l(Mffi^!m^s'iiMig^iiLliiS£iniDiia'aaif'i -=--^:--— ■: ;- 



lished so as to con- 
vey as good an 
idea as pos-ib'e of 
the preat Centen- 
ni; 1 Exhibition of 
ISTi". We may look 
upon this event as 
one of the most im- 
liortant in the history 
of this country: in 
the ellorls that are 
bciiiLT m a d e more 
wil! be done to de- 
\ilop the interests 
ol' this country, and 
let us hope, of 
humanity tlian in any pre\ious period of the world's history. 

■^-»---^---<-^- 

Tmrii. — How bcautirul is li-utli ! In (his world wlu'ic tjn^ro 
is .so much I'al.sehood and deceit, whereby heart.s arc estranged, 
and recriminations, assaults and crime*' engendercil — how 
beautiful are the true thought, wind and deed, lake the sun 
smiling out amid the angry storm - like the bright star shining 
through th>. heavy night cloud -like friend clasping the bar il 
of friend — like right rebutting wrong — like the lance of virtue 
ringing on the ,shield of vice — like heaven upon earth, and (ioJ 
in man, is Truth ! Precious and priceless. Hearer than smilo 
oi' friend, lovt^ of parent, or pomp or fame. Truth is bold, 
noble, and <iod-given, beyond every oihci- attribute of the soi 





98 



J-TJVEn^TILE I3SrSTI^;TJGTO:E^. 







merica. 



BY O. JI. O. 



ANCIENT PERU. 



( ijontimied. ) 

SITUATED in the northwestern part of Peru, near the city of 
Truxillo, are the ruins knofrn as the "Palaces of Gran- 
Chimu." Here, hefore and during the reigns of the first Incas, 
lived an independent people, and once the richest and most 
povvertbl principality that existed in Peru. According to Mon- 
tesinos, they were suI'JMgated by the arrandfiilher o' Huayna- 
Capac, about one hun ired years before the arrival of the 
Sininiards. Tc Mariano Rivero. the director of the National 
Museum at Lima, we are chiefly indebted for a description of 
these ruins Without inc!udit;g the numerous walled ^rpiares 
found on every side, they cover a space of three (juarters of a 
league, and the principd objects of interest are the remains of 
two large edifices called the '"palace-." "Tbese palaces are 
immense areas surrounded by high walls of brick, the walls 
being now ten or twelve y irds high and six feet thick at the 
base." Surrounding each palace there is another wall exte- 
rior to this. Within the palace walls are the remains of 
sijnares and dwellings with narrow passages between them, 
which are decorated. The remains of a large re.servoir for 
water, which was brought to it by .subterranean aqueducts from 
the river Moche, two miles distant, are in the largest pilace. 
Th t the city contained a great population is indicated by the 
remains of a vast number of buildings situated outsiile of the 
inclo-ures. "The Spaniards took vast quantities of gold from 
the 'huac-as,' or tombs, at tliis place. The amount taken from 
a single tomb in the years l.'itiG and 1.092 was officially esti- 
mated at nearly a million d(jllars. " Jlr. Sipiires says there 
wa^ taken from one tomb in the year 1577, $.t,()00,()00. 

At Cuelaii, in northern Peru, remarkable ruins exist. "They 
consi.st of a wall of wrought stones, three thou.sand six hun- 
dred feet long, live hundred and sixty broad, and one hundred 
and fifty high, constituting a solid ma'-s with a level summit." 
The interior probalily was composed of earth. "On this mass 
was at.other. six hundred feet long, five hundred broad, and 
one hundred and fifty feet high. In this, and also in the lower 
structure, there are many rooms made of wrought stone, in 
which aiB a great number of niches or cells, one or two yards 
deep, which were used for tombs. Other old structures exist 
in that neighborhood." (Ancient America, 230) 

Farther south are the ruins of old Huanuco. Here are two 
peculiar edifices and a terrace, and the remains of a large town. 
The edifices are built of a composition of pebbles and clay, 
faced with hewn stone. One of the buildings is called the 
"Lookout." This is an oblong structure, pyramidal in shape, 
with a long incline leading to the top. The interior of the 
other is crossed by six walls, in each of which is a gateway 
The outer one is highly finished, and shows a .sculptured ani- 
mal on each of the upper corners. It has a large court and 
rooms made of cut stones. A well built aqueduct was con. 
nected with this building. 

Near Chavin de Huanta are ruins which are very old. Prou) 
the interior of one of the great buildings there is a subterra- 
nean passage, which, it is .^aid, goes under the river to the 
oppo.site bank. The material used in the con.struction ot these 
uildings is similar to that seen at old Huanuco. 




Cieca de Leon describes the remains of large and remarkable 
ruins seen by him near Huamanga. These ruins are considered 
to be very ancient, and the native traditions said this city was 
built I: y bearded white men^ who came there Inntj he/ore the time 
of the Incas, and es'ahlUlied a settleini'iit. Twenty miles from 
Lima near the sea are the extensive and dilapidated ruins of a 
great city, which was built chiefly of adobe.s. It is called 
Pachacamac. "Among the vast remains of antiquity scattered 
along the coast of Peru, which antedate the civilization of the 
Incas, and were old when the Tnca empire was founded, the 
most celebrated, if not the grandest, are tho.se of Pachacamac, 
twenty miles to the s::uth of Lima. They take their name 
from the divinity Pacha-camae, signifying 'Creator of the 
World,' who had here a vast temple or shrine of such sanctity 
that it was resorted to liy pilgrims from the most distant tribes, 
who were permitted to pass unmolested through the countries 
or tribes with whom they might be at war, to perform this 
act of devotion. In fact this spot was the Mecca ot South 
America; and the worship of Pachacamac had .such a hold on 
all the peoples of the coast that the politic Incas did not 
undertake to overthrow it, but cautiously sought to undermirre 
it by building close to the chief temple of Pachacamac a 
"sumptuous structure," as the early Spaniards describe it, 
dedicated to tne sun. Both structures are still di-tinct and 
impressive, although in great decay. Around both, the an- 
cient and the modern temple, there gradually sprang up a large 
town, occupied by priests andservitors, and containing tambos 
or inns, for the pilgrims who flocked thither. Tiiis town was 
built on a high, arid plain, overlooking the valley and river of 
■Lurin, and was several miles in circumference enclosed by a 
heavy wall of indurated clay and sundrifd bricks. 

The desert intervening between the valley of Lurin and that 
of Rimac, in which the city of Lima stands, has encroached on 
the old city, and buried a large part of it, with a portion of its 
walls, under the drifting sands. Nothing can exceed the bare 
and desolate aspect of the ruins, which are as still and lifeless 
as those of Palmyra of the de.sert. No living thing is to be 
seen, except, i)erhaps, a solitary condor circling above the 
crumbling temple, nor a sound heard, except the pulsations of 
the great Pacific breaking at the foot of the eminence on which 
the temple stood. It is a place of death, not alone in its 
silence and sterility, but as the burial place of tens of thous- 
ands of the ancient dead. Of old, as now, the devotees of 
religion sought to draw their last breath in places sanctified by 
the shrines of their divinities, and to be buried near them. 
In all times the tomb and the temple have been inseparable, 
and it is only in great cities that the .shadow of the church 
no longer falls on the graves of the departed. In Pacha- 
camac the ground around the temple seems to have been a 
vast cemetery. Dig almost anywhere in the dry, nitrous sand, 
and you will come upon what are loosely called mummies, but 
what are really the desicated bodies of the ancient dead; 
dig deeper and you will jirobably find a .second stratum of 
ghastly relics of poor humanity, and deeper still a third, show- 
ing how great was the concourse of the people in Pachacamac, 
and how eager the desire to find a resting place in con.secrated 
ground. Most of the mummies are found in little vaults or 
chambers of adobes, roofed with sticks or canes and a layer of 
rushes, and of a size to contain one to four or five bodies. 
These are invariably placed in a sitting pesture, with the head 
resting on the knees, around which the arms are clasped, or 
with the head resting on the out-spread palms and the elbows 
on the knees, enveloped in wrappings of various kinds, accord- 
ing to the rank or wealth of the defunct. Sometimes they are 
enveloped in inner wrappings of fine cotton clotlf, and there are 




€^'' 



0" TJ "V" E IsT 1 1_, E IITSTI?.TJCTOI^ 



99 




blankets of various colors and designs made from the wool of 
the vicuma ami alpaca, with ornaments of gold and silver on 
the corpse, and vases of elegant design by its side." (Squires.) 
Ruins of towns, fortresses and tombs are found all about 
the country. It is noticeable that the ancient Peruvians made 
large use of aqueducts which they built with great skill, using 
hewn stones and cement and making them very substantial. 
Some of these aqueducts are still in u>e. They were used to 
supply cities and to irrigate the cultivated lauds. Some of 
tbem were very long; one that is mentioned being 1.5() 
miles long, and another extended 4.')0 miles, acmiss moun- 
tains and over rivers irom south to north. Nothing is 
more remarkable in Peru than the public road.s. "No ancient 
people liave left traces of works more astonishing th;'.n these; 
so vast was their e.^tent. and so great the skill and labor re- 
quired to construct them." One of these roads extended from 
Quito to Chili, crossing mountams and rivers. From Cuzco it 
continued to the coast, and northward to the equator. "Kx- 
tending from one degree north of Quito to Cuzfo, an 1 from 
Cuzco to Chili, it was quite as long as the two Pacific rail- 
roads, and it< wild route among the' mountains wa^ lar more 
difficult." (Baldwin.) 

These roads were built on beds or deep foundati.nis of 
masoni-j' and varied from twenty to twenty-five feet in width. 
They were made smooth and level by paving, and in some 
places macadamized with pulverized stone mixed with lime 
and a bituminous cement. On each side of the roadway was 
"a very strong wall more than a fathom in thickness." In 
many places the great road cut through rock for miles; great 
ravines were filled up with solid masonry. Rivers were crossed 
by moans of a iieeuliar kind of suspcn.sion bridgi ; in fact, the 
builders stopped at no obstruction. "None of the Roman 
roads I have seen in Italy, in the south of Ivance, or in Spain 
appear to me more imposing than this work of the ancient 
Peruvians." (Humboldt.) 

Along these roads, at equal distance^, were edifices built of 
hewn stone foi the accommodation of travelers. They arc called 
'•roads of the Incas" but were evidently built long before the 
Inca supremacy. The great road was an old road durin<r the 
reign of Huayna Capac; he, finding it out of repair, ■ rder d th • 
necessary repairs. Huayna Capac restored and completed these 
roads, but he did not build them as some pretend. (Goniara.) 

Now only broken remains of them exist to show their true 
form of character. 



lOEHij^ITID. 




FAR away, on the very confines of the Arctic zone, there is an 
island which Inas for a long time attracted but little attention. 
Its place among the nations was once conspicuous; but its climate 
was then different from now, and its soil more produ<-tive. The 
whole aspect of the island was, indeed, unlike what it is to- 
day. A thousand years ago, when first discovered, it possess d 
extensive forests, which have since disappeared. 

The Northmen migrated thither in ('onsiilerable numbers 
from Norway, Denmark, Sweden, the Fame Islands, and the 
Hebrides; but principally from Norway, whence thev fled from 
thetyranny of their king.s. It was, indeed, a refuge to the 
persecuted .subjects of Harald Harfager— he of the fair hair- 
who made a vow. and kept it, that his bairshould never be cut 
untd be had broken the powerof ihedarls, and <Minc(Mitralcd tiie 
authority which they had wielded in bis own h.inds. Too feeble 
to make further resistance, and tdo prmid to rcn)ain alter 
eir subjugation, they fled with tlieir iMinilics and f.illowers to 



this island. They took with them cattle and sheep, and large 
herds and flocks were soon reared upon the rich and abundant 
pastures of the extensive meadows. 

The island jiroduced everything necessary to satisfy their need.s. 
Its lakes and rivers abounded with various kinds offish; water- 
fowl and game were plentiful. They imported horses, constructed 
roads, and extended their facilities for intercommunication. At 
an early day they had established a considerable trade with the 
ports of Europe. They founded a republican form of govern- 
ment and a literal u:e. 'J'bey recoided, with Runic characters, 
the Sagas of their ancestors, and gave form to the Norse 
religion. 

Iceland's peculiar climate lends to it a special interest. In 
summer the ,sun scarcely leaves the heavens, and the atmosphere 
becomes sui pi isinuly warm. Vegetation is of rapid growth, 
and is in places extremely vigorciis. In winter the sun gives 
but liitle light and less heat. Constant cold succeeds constant 
warmth, and the tremblin'jhues of the aurora-borealis, and the 
weird brightness of the mouu, guide the footsteps of the 
traveler. 

It was first di.«covercd by Naddothr, a Norwegian viking, in 
the year SriO. He saw its lofty mountains covered with eternal 
sniiw, and called it the Snow Land. Garthr, a Swede, circum- 
navigated it lour years latei-; ■.md in SliT Flokki, surnamcd the 
Raven, on account of the birds he tunu-d loose to guide his 
course, surveyed tlie foutbciii jiaitof it, and called it Iceland. 
Then Iiigolfr and lijorlieter landed tbeve in 870 and began its 
colonization. This was at the time Harald the Fair-baiied was 
jiersecutiux the Jails. The great migration then began On 
the l-'nd of August, S74. the colonists assembled tbemstlves 
toiiether, and founded the republic — the first of Noithem 
Europe — whoso descendants celebrated two j'cars ago their 
th lu andt'i anniversary. 

.They have gone thnugh those thousand years without 
mnterirl change. Their language is uiiehan'jcd, their laws are 
intact, and, except in their warlike disposition, their habits 
sctircily differ. From warriors, who tilled the soil, and caught 
fish, and captured game in the intervals of their more hardy 
pursuits, they have gradually become a i>astoral )ieo|ile, 
educated, hospitable, and kind. Tliey have .sometimes changed 
their relation with tlic country of their origin, but neither their 
customs nor their character. 

■ Although i)ractically a fiee republic from the fir.<t, they were 
not wholly free from dciimdencc upon Norway. No formal 
recognition of any real allegiance was, however, made until 
12()I, which was by a decree of Althing, or general parliament 
of the people, when Hakon was the Norwegian king. Rut no 
tribute was exacted, and the Icelanders were allowed to hold 
civil offices and acquire honors in the i>arent country. In 
IP.SI) theCiown of Norway wasamicxed to Denmark, and from 
that time to the pre.-ent the silken bond which had held Iceland 
to Norway has .still held it to Denmark. The I)anil. Ki.g 
now grants them an ab.sohitely free consiitiilioii. which aijsolves 
them from their feeble alli-giance. 



To understand the world is wiser than to cond mn it; to 
study the wm-ld is better than to shun it; to use the world is 
bettiT than to abuse it; to make the world better, lovelier, and 
happier is the highi'st work of man. 



WKshoiill practice tcmpcrciice. if it were forrothing el.-e 
but the very pleasure of it; it is the glory of a man that hath 
.•dmndaiicc. to live as n'a<on. not as jippciite direct". 





lOO 



XJ'VEin^ILE XJ^STIR-L! (OTO'R 




oric^ 



Did 



\ul{. 



BY J. 



BARFOOT. 




FOR many years attention has been paid to our valioys by 
naturali.sts with a view to under.-^tandiiig the kind of 
animals and plants indigenous to this central region of North 
America. Many books* have been ami still are being published 
descriptive of these things, so that the world, and we in 
eonimcin with others of our race, may know everything of 
interest relating to the natural history of these Rocky Moun 
tains and valleys. And everything that lives is of interest to 
the naturalist; not only the larger animals, but also the small- 
est inject; not only the giant trees of the forest, but the 
tiniest weed ol the praiiie. We may judge of the imjiortaiice 
of these things by the signs of the times, as shown by our 
daily papers, in which per.-ons th.iusands of miles away are 
advertizing for our buttcrtiies. O.hers are applying tor our 
beetles; others for our flies; others, and a great many too, for 
our "grasshoppers." Some per.sons come here, and that at 
great expense, to collect for themselves. Not but what we 
have competent collectors among us, and thousands of others 
who can make themselves competent. 

Now every ene may not become competent to set up or pre- 
serve specimens of our beautiful birds, for, to become a taxi- 
dermist much instruction and practice and considerable outlay 
is necessary; but there is litt'e difficulty in the way of preserv- 
ing butterflies and other insects. Pins are nece^saly, and .small 
pieces ot cork to pin the insects on; al,»o camph'.r to keep away 
destructive insects. Destructive in-ects! Then are there such? 
Yes; and we ought to be able to distinguish among in,-ects 
those which are destructive. 

Well, then, suppose we have captured a butteifly or moth, 
let us be sure and not mutilate it; these iu.sects are coveied 
with minute scales which are easily broken off. Well pie- 
servcd liutterflies are always beautiful, even when merely 
grouped together artistically, instead of being scientificaiiy 
arranged. It beetles are captured they may be puc in bottles 
containing spirit or pinned in small boxes. If beetles or bugs 
are pui into bottles they should not i)e crowded; neither should 
delicate specimens be mi.xcd with spiny or hard varieties. 
Grasshoppers may be pinned, or i)reserved in sjjirit, or in 
strong .salt and water. Thousands of bu>htls of llie "hateiul 
grasshopi)ers" that visited our city a few years ago were 
drowned in our Great Salt Lake, and drifted over to the 
western shores, where they are well pre.-erved. As it is 
intended to say more in the Instrijotor aliout our in-ects, ^ 
little attention maybe paid to our "horned toads" and liz.inls. 

But little, comparatively, is known about the.sc hariults, and 
interesting creatures. Who would believe it! Suuie little 
boys lately were actually tying a string to a "horned frog" and 
swinging it about for amusement! Of cour.-e, the tail came 
off; but how thoughtl(.!ss, to r-ay ihe least. These lowly crea- 
tures, frogs and toads, are useful to man, and they should be 
preserved; even were they injurious, they .should not be 
tortured. 

In reality, the frOL's and toads belong 'o a dilferent family 
to the "liorned toads," although all reptiles which resemble 
irogs are called ' 'batrachians. ' ' The family of anoura contains 
the frogs (rana) and tree-frogs (hyla); toads [hnfo) and pip.is, 

deous looking creatures, not known here. Krogs live u()on 



insects, flies and aquatic larvoo; tree frogs live upon insects 
destructive to vegetation; toads devour multitudes of insects 
and worms. The '-horni'd toads" and "horned frogs" of this 
valley are reptiles, of which we have a variety. 






BY C. R. SAVA(;E. 

CHAPTER IX. 

ON arriving at the almde of our charitable friend, he told his 
dear old wife to get us something to eat, and made \\\\ a 
roaring fire, over which was swung the old iron pot, brim full 
of bacon and greens. No fire ever seemed so welcome to u.s 
before, and indeed, the hearty manner in which he gave us 
shelter was new to us. ]']verywhere that we hid been before, 
the people had treated us with distrust, as though "thief" 
had been written on our foreheads. But here was a case where 
the proprietor took in the situation, and, 1 presume, judged 
us rightly, tor, in the course of our conversation, he said he 
had a boy that had gone "for a sojei;" in other words, enlisted 
in the regular army, and was away in some foreign port. The 
old lady asked us about twenty questions concerning our gene- 
alugy, but after we had mcuoionel the names of relatives in 
the village we were bound for, her mind was set at rest con- 
cerning^ us. 

The cottage that sheltered us was one of the old-fashioned 
sort, with a thatch of straw fifteen inches thick, and trimmed 
very neatly at the eaves. The windows were of the old style, 
with leaden .sish and diamond-.^haped glass. Sweet briar and 
wild roses were trained around, and ihe quaint old porch com- 
pleted the picture of the exterior. Indoors, everything was 
as clean and neat us a new pin. All the tins and platters were 
poli.-hed like lamp reflector.-,. The old family bible lay on the 
chest of drawers that no doubt was purchased when they got 
man-ied, forty ortit\y years before. 

I shall never forget nor cease to thank the good old .shepherd 
for kis kind advice the next morning when we left his hos- 
pitable roof: he .said, "Boys, when you think you have no 
friends, always remember that the God who cares for the spar- 
rows wiUnot ibiget you." Ilisold wife gave us some bread and 
butter, and wished us good lu -k. 

ll.nv many times in the experience of mankind does it seem 
hat thou.t;h all the world frown upon us, the overruling 
powerof the Almighty will control circumstances forour ultimate 
good. How different was the influence of a christian home 
upon the runaways to that of the "Travelers' Joy." Peace, 
love, kindness, charity and true humanity are the characteris- 
tics of a, true christian heart; while tiio re\erse is ever the 
case with the person that scoffs at the controling power of our 
Father in Heaven. 

The road to Clanfield presented nothing new or interesting: 
tie only difference in our feeling was that we felt better and 
morehopelul; but still we had ,-ome misgivings as to how my 
relatives would treat us fbr Tom had no claim upon them, and 
1 had but little. 

When we presented our.^^elvcs at my tiucle's door we were 
very closely cross-examined, and I concluded to "tell the truth, 
the whole truth, and nothing but the truth"— that we had run 
away, and all about it, omitting, however, our experience with 
the tramp and a few other minor circumstances. 

My esteemed uncle was a zealous "ranting" Methodist, as 
they are called in England, and during the evening he leotur 




'-fSS^'- 




JTJ^EZSriLE i:tTSTI?.TJCTOI?> 



lOl 




us on the sinfulness of doing wrong. About eight o'clock he 
said there would be a prayer meeting in a little chapel (that 
he had built at his own e.\i>ense) in the village, and requested 
us to go there. 

About forty or fifty persons were there, all with grave and 
sedate looks; it seemed impossible for them to smile. An 
elderly gentleman gave out the hymn, two lines at a time, aud 
the whole congre!,'ation sang at the top of their voices: "Jc.-^us, 
my all, to heaven has gone." Then followed a hearty prayer, 
with a dozen different loud amens from jier.sons in the audience. 
Difl'erent persons prayed, both men and women, and singing 
was occasionally indulged in. My uncle's wife prayed for us — 
that God would pieree our hearts aud forgive our sins — and 
from this circum.^tance I concluded that she had told her 
friends about us, which accounted for our being the "observed 
of all observers." 

During the meeting .some of the local preachers walked 
around among the 'he audience, calling uijon all that wanted 
to be saved to go up to the iieuiteut form, and be prayed for; but 
none went forward, not even the wicked runaways. I was 
much impressed with the earnestness of manner and the 
apparent sincerity of the worshipers; but the old shepherd's 
words had sunk deeper into my heart than all their supplica- 
tions in our behalf , 

I thought it was hardly fair for my kind uncle to make a 
target of us for the whole audience, and I formed a deep 
resolve to run awny again, aud this time to return to my 
father's roof. 

When we had got to bed. after some more advice, I told 
Tom what 1 intended to do, aud he was delighted. We had 
got religion enough for one night, and I could hardly think of 
trying another night under the rool of such con.-ideiate 
relatives. 

We got some breakfast early, and when my uncle had gone 
to the fields to work, we quietly got pur little wardrobe together 
and left by the back track for home. 

We concluded to try another road to return, and in another 
drenching rain walked eight or ten miles before we got any- 
thing to eat, this time on the old plan. We were once more 
reduced to the necessity of singing and begging for food to 
sustain life, aud we were as wretched and miserable as we 
could be. The thouglit of accoMi))U>hingoiir cheri bed project 
of becoming wealthy helped us on in our first txierience; but 
now, with failure before n«, we wt-ie like a defeated army, 
without hope and aim. Then theie was the dread of the 
parental eye, and what our folks and tin: neighbors uiigbt ,-av 
to us, and, lastly, the taunts of our former |ilaymates. 

We got terribly frightened in (uie pluce. A li\irly farmer 
undertook to take us to the lockup Inr chicken thi. ves. aud 
such crying and bellowing as wo performed, would have 
amused a big audience, had it not been genuine. But the old 
fellow finally let us go by pronu>ii]g u< that if he caught us in 
the neighboriiood ag«)in, he really would lock us up. 

During the time occupied in onr return, our experience was 
of the most trying character; our bill ol Tare was turnips or 
anytiiing we could find in the field--, except when we clian"ed 
to meet a charita ly disjio-ed jierson who provided us wiiii 
sometliing blotter. 

As we neared honie we felt wor-e and worse, ami l.i<' true 
nature of the wrong we had committed catiut upun u> in lull 
force. The fault v.as, w had ---larted on a wiong Ijasis to ilo 
."•oniething that uniler onliuary circumstances was right to do: 
to better our condition. There is a right time feu- idl smb 
moves, but our time had not come, 'it lakes advice, per.sevcr- 




ance, integrity and the assistance of friends to be successful; 
we had discarded them all, hence our failure. 

* * * * * * «■ ■-■ * 

]twas late one evening when a ragged little boy crept into 
his home. His mother had gone to bed. His father met him 
with the remark: "Well, boy, have you found any better place 
than home?" "No, father," was the reply. "Well, then, go 
to bed," was all he said. 

Tom's father gave him a sound thrashing. A few days 
afterwards he ran away again, went to sea, and never again 
returned. 

Boys, if you have ever thought of deserting your home and 
the caie of a kind father and mother, take better advice, and 
don't do it. 

THF. ENP. 



THE Count de Ligniville, and Count D' Autrieourt, twins, 
descended from an ancient family in Ijorrtiine, resembled 
each other so much, that when they put on the same kind of 
dress, which they did now and then for aniu.sement, their 
SJrvants could not distinguish the one from the other. Their 
voice, gait and deportment were the same, ami these marks of 
resemblance were so perfect, that they often tiirew their friends, 
and even their wives, into the greatest embarrassment. Being 
both captains of light-horse, the one would put himself at the 
head of the other's squadron without the officers ever su.spect- 
ing the change Count D'Autricourt having committed some 
offense, the Count de Ijigniville never suffcrcil his brother to 
go out without accompanying him, and the fear of seizing the 
imioeent iu>tc,i<l ol' the guilty, rendered the orders to arrest the 
foimer ol' no a\ ail. ( )ne day Count de Ligniville .>:ent for a bar- 
ber, and alter having suffered him to shaveone-hall of his beard, 
h<} pretended to have oceasicm to go into the ne.ft apartment, 
wliere he put his night-gown upon his brother, who was con- 
cealed there, and tucking the cloth which he had about his 
neck under his chin, made him sit down in the place he had 
just quitted. The barber immediately resumed his operation, 
aud was i)roceediiiir to finish what he had begun, as he .sup- 
po.scd. but to his great astonishment he found that a new 
beavd iuid sprmig up. Not doubting that the pcr.>on under 
"his hands was the devil, he roared with terror, and sunk down 
ill a swoon on the floor. While they were endeavoring to 
recall him to life. Count D'Autric(U-t retired again into the 
closet,-and Count de Ligniville, who w.is Inilf shaved, returned 
to his former place. This was a new cause of surprise to the 
jioor barber, who now imagined that all Im h;id seen was a 
dream, and he could not be convinced of the truth until he 
beheld ihi! two brothers together. The sympathy that 
existed 1.(1 ween the Ill-others was no less singular than their 
n-semblaiicc. If one fell sick, the otiier was indisposed also; 
if one received a wound the other fell Jiaiii; and ihi. was the 
case with every misfortune that beUI them, so that on llmt 
account, they watched over each other's conduct with the 
greatest care and attention. But what is .still more ast(Uii.shiiig, 
they both ha.l often the san.e dreams. The day that Count 
D Autricimrt was alta<-ked in Kraiice by the fever of wliicdi lie 
du-d. Count de Ligniville was attacked by the same in Havaria. 
and was near sinking iindir it. 

soiiM'linics be a useful spring board to lli« 
I moi-i' li-c()U.'iilly a (l(-liiirti\c 



I'm III: ma.v 
a-iiiriiig soul, but it is ii 
sliimliliiig block. 





"^^im 



lOS 



a^ 



CTTJ'VEisriLE iint sti^tjcto:e^. 



%\\i{ Jfuuenilij |[nslrni:l0t|. 



OEOROE a. CANNON. 



£BITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1876. 





NE great cause nt surprise among children, 
and verj' fre<iuentl3' among gi own people 
also, is the hatred whieh the world has 
against the Latter-day Saints and their 
princiiiles. .Many cannot understand why 
this h^hould lie so. They know that their 
parents and their friends are not wicked, 
and that the teachings which they hear 
and the doctrines which the Latter-day 
Saints believe are good and according to 
ihe Bihle, and yet they are called all kinds of 
:,ad 1 a ues and are hated by very many. This 
-eeiiis strange to them. Children generally love 
goodness; they admire people who do right; 
and thev think every body ehe should do the same. 
Why, therefore, they ask, do peoi.le dislike the 
jT^ ' Mormon-.." who are so kind, so truthful, so hone t 
'' #^ and so willing always to do evervthing that is good? 
Umost evr.v srown pers(m has thought, when he or she first 
heard the Elders pre.ch the gospel and believed it, that all that 
had to be done toconvert his or her relatives and friends to 
the truth was to tell it to them and show then, the proofs from 
the Bible. But alas' for such ho|,cs. In too many uis.ances 
sUL-h persons have found thai their friends were not so -vi.img 
to believe a- thev thought they would be. In fact very Ire- 
,,ueutly the ones whom they thought would gladly receive the 
doctrines and rejoice in them, las the man of whom the Savi. r 
speak- who found a pearl of grca jnice) have bM-ome most 
bitter perse.-utors of the Church. After a little experien.c 
they have learned that there arc only a few here and there who 
are willing to receive the truth for the truth's sake. 

[f chilli-en wi;l think a little, they need not be snrpri-ed 
that the Litierday Saints are not liked by the w.irld. How 
was it with .Tesu^. our Lord and Savior, when he wj^is upi.n the 
earth? H^ was holv. pure and good. He was the Son of (!od. 
He di.l manv mighty miracles. His whole life was full of acts 
that proved he was a personsL'e whom men ought to 
reverence and obev. Yc^ who believed him, who received 
his teaciim^s. who did as he told th.-m and became lii.s friends? 
Dili all the iieople? Oh. no. The rich, Ihe learned, the 
upper classes ,.f soeiety. all despised him. They would not 
have him to be their guide or teacher. He was their Redeemer, 
the Holy One of Israel, the Messiah of whom their prophets 
had spoken; but they called him Beelzebuti. They .said he 
had a devil. They also taid he was a glutton-us man. and a 
wine-bibber, a friend of publicans and sinners. They trn^il to 
entrap him. They told lies about him, accused him falsely. 
and. finally, crucified him as a iierson too vile to live. 

Who did receive his teachings? Who believed he had the 
words of eternal life? Whv, a few poor fi-hermen and olher 
poor men and women. They became his followers and disci- 
ples. He organized them into a chureh. He save them the 
priesthood, the authority to perform the ordinance" necessary 
for the salvation of the people. These poor people were pure in 
their lives; they taught the truth; they desired righteousnes.s 



and the good and salvation of the ) eaple. God loved them. 
But did the world receive them? By no means. The Lord 
Je.sushad told them how it would be with them. He said to them: 
"And ye .shall be hated of all men for my name's sake." Also, 
he said, "If ye were of the world, the world would love its 
own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen 
you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you." 
Another time he told them that: "In the world ye shall have 
tribulation." And again he said: "yea, the time cometh, that 
whosoever kiileth you will think that he doeth God service." 
Ho taught them that: "Blessed are ye when men shaU hate 
yiiu, and when thej' shall separate you from their company, 
and .-hall reiuoaeh yon, and cast out your name as evil, for the 
Son of man's .sake." But he added, "Woe unto you when 
all men shall speak well of you. 

You may know how true his words concerning them were 
by reading the history of his apostles. And it is the same in 
this day. The Latter-day Saints are not of tlie world; they 
have been chosen out of the world. The devil, therefore, 
hates them. Those who are under his influence hate them 
also. When you know this, you need not be .surprised that 
the Litter day Saints have enemi.^s, and that their doctrines 
ae not popular. If the wicked world loved us, we would have 
i;ood cause to fear; for it always loved the false prophets and 
hated and killed the true ones. And the Savior said: "That 
which is highly esteemed among men is abomination ia the 
sight of- God.'' Satan will fight the kini;doiii and people of 
(iod as long as he can find people on the earth who will be 
led iiy liim. He knows that if the gospel were to be received 
by all th(! peojvle, he would liave no power or foothold upon 
the earth. Eveiy he;nt would be closed against him. Hence, 
yu call see tliat he wdl make a desperate struggle. He will 
lie all manner of slanders, and get his servants to circulate 
them so as to stir ii]i the people against the Saints. 

You htn^e heard, doubtless, about men going to Washington 
City to persuade Congress to pass laws against the Saints. 
This is part of Satan's plan. He would like to get us into 
bondage and to destroy u.s. He promjits his servants to try 
and get Congress to give them the (jower t,i do this. All 
manner of lies are told abotit the Latter-day Saints lo awaken 
animosity and hatred against them. He will continue to 
pursue this course uniil he is thoroughly bi'aten. Will he be 
beaten? Ceftamly he will, and he will lie Vioiiml so that he 
cannot have iiower on the earth for one thoii-aii.l v -lis. This 
will I e the result of this struggle which is nnw going on. So 
we can al' rejoice in the prospect bi-iore us. If the Saint* 
will oidv do right, thev will come off vietors all the time. 



TlUKI.KS — The wnr il is ouele iiji ef tiitie-. The grand 
luovem nts of gri al ■ m nt-. :m ,1 the chnngc- of en pires. are 
f iindeii in causes, veiy gee lily, which wnul i be )iinnounced 
trifles by the world. Yes, "trifles light as air' h.ive led to 
some of the most important discoveries we have. The fall of 
an ajiple gave Newton the clue to gravitation; the rising up of 
the lid of a tea-kettle gave us our railroails. steamboats, ocean 
steamers, and a thousand other things, not to sjieak of the 
pre>s— that, combined, put the world centuries ahead in the 
mysteries of the universe and the purposes of (iod. T<i the 
obs?rvation of a flower dimly pictured on a stone, we owe the 
philisophical researches in chemistry ami light which ultimately 
gave us the daguerreotypi . 



Iin.KNKSS travels veiv slow, and iioverty soon ovrrtakes her 





TTJ^Eisri^LE Li<r&TTtTJ a'r(D:R. 



103 



OicY-BJVBY vJOE. 



"\7oUN(i reailers allow m.< to inrrodui-i.' to ycni "CiyHiiliyJoe. " 
X Perhaps some of you ;iro nireatly acquainted with him, or 
some person resemhliut; him. It' not, we eau scarcely recom- 
mend him to you as a picasaat or agrcoai^ilu persjn to cultivate 
an acquaintance witl-i. 



he stubs his toe real badly, and the tears force themselves out 
in spite of his sottinc hi-; fceth, and clenchinc his tists, and 
trying to keep them back; for that we could endure, knowin.K 
that there would be an end fo it when the pain ceased. But 
when Joe cries he uiak<^s a bn^itie s of it. He does it with a 
zest, as if it were the LnoMtest pleasure of his life. He does it 
with a doirired iiersistenco. too, wlucli if e.\erted i.i sonie laud- 





He Is .1.'. whim.-i.al, selfish and tyrannical as if he owned the 
whole world, and all tlie people in it were his vassals, whose 
only diitv consisted in catcrin- for his pleasure. If anything 
is denied blm ili .r !..• isk« for. or ho is crossed in th'( slightest 
decree in any of lii- wliim-. lie immediately fli.- nto a pa.-sion 
and .storms an.l cri( - hi, id In' -'aiii- his point. His lyranny 
and petnlan.-e n,i-l,t ■.■<• bearable if it were m.t for l,i.- bi...lera- 
blehabitof ervim;— '..by like, uiirea.sooable cn-iiiL' Nol the 
of.TviiiL'tbat a brave, manly little fellow iridul^r.,- in when 



able direction would c<'rtainly wni for him sonieotlier and mere 
honorable name than that of '•("ry-naby." lie cries if he 
falls down; he cries if he breaks one of his toy.-; he crii's if he 
is a'^kcd to do anvthinji; he cries when he Inis Ins fiice washed 

and lii> hair t bed; and be e. ies of;en wilbcnl any ap|iarent 

rea-i'Ti "M- piirpose e.^'-'pi ii i- I" <'l''ii syinpa'hy. Poor silly 
boy! if he- onl. iinder.-tiiod biinian nature -iilli -ienlly hi' would 
kniiw tbal iieqile jreU'Tally admire I.i.im mm<I manly traits in 
linlc b..y.-. and li.i\e xerylillle -yiiil^alliy lo bolow upon "cri 




lOi 



J 



VE]"tTir.:e: h^stt^ttotoi?/. 




bab'es. ' He would know that evea his playmates will learn 
to despise him for his peevishness; and that, although his 
indulgent parents supply him with more^'toys and means for 
enjoyment than all the rest of the nei>?hbors' boys together 
have, he can never become popular among them, nor have his 
society Sill, 'ht. 

Joe will perhaps learn as he gnnvs older that if he would be 
happy himselt he must -cek to make others happy; that if he 
wiihes others to love him. and take pleasure in obliging him, he 
must be cheerful and obliging himself; that if he wishes friends, 
h3 must make theui. When be has learned this we willno longer 
say of him: 

I know a boy — I liope you don't, 

lie is not nice >.o know — 
Who frots and grumbles all tho-day; 

Some call him "wiiimpering Joe! ' 
He always vows things "are a shame'" 

And if a toy should break, 
The great cry-baby loudly roars. 

And a disturbance makes. 

He is a lau with tousled hair, 

And ill-used looking face; 
When ne comes rear I turn away. 

And leave hira all the place. 
I m truly sorry for poor Joe, 

Cut this truth all must learn — 
That love is won by smiles aud love, 

Not tears at every turn. 



n 


1 q r H 


111 



It 



ip R. o :p h: E 'P . 



THIE 




( Continued. ) 

TiriiL-N the professors of religion in the neighborhood where 
' T Josepli live'l heard that he had had a vision, they felt 
as the preacher did, which we described in the last number — 
they persecuted him ami did all in their power to injure him. 
Those who were most active in this business in the beginning 
were people who called themselves religious; but all classes 
joined in the per.seoution. Joseph was then only between 
fourteen and fifteen years old. Being a poor boy, and having 
to work for his living, he wa« not considered very important; 
yet, after it became known that he had seen a vision, men in 
high standing tried to e.xoite the public mind against htm, to 
make the peopl" hate and persecute him! Aud all this because 
he told the people that the Lord had spoken! This was a very 
strange course for men to take, was it not? 

Our little reader.-;, not having had much experience in the 
world, will scarcely be able to understand how men could be 
so cruel an J wicked. They think that they would never be 
guilty of iiersecuting ami hating a boy because he loved God 
aud prayed to Him, and had his prayers answered. My little 
folks, in your innocence v.nd simplicity, brought up to have 
faith in God, you cannot tell anything about the hearts and 
feelings of the peoi)lc by your own hearts ami feelings. You 
would not help kill the prophets aud men of God, of whom the 
Bible gives us an account. You would not mock aud ill treat 
and crucify thcLord Je.sus, theSon ofGod, were Ho now on the 
earth. None of you would be so base as to commit acts so 
desperately wicked as these, yet men have lived who have done 



these things. Jesus was killed by men; and a very great number 
of good, holy servants of God were killed before He was born on 
the earth, and also since His death. And those who tried to 
damage Joseph were bad men — men who hated God and the 
truth — and they cared but very little about what they did, so 
they could gain their wicked ends and the praise of the world. 

These persecutions bad the effect to drive Joseph away from 
the society of those whom he had been taught to look up to, 
and who really ought to have been his friends; and as he had 
been forbidden to join any of the churches then on the earth, he 
stood alone. Being young and inexperienced he fell into youth- 
ful foibles, for which he frequently felt condemned and very 
sorry. One evening — the 21st of September, 182:j — when he 
was .seventeen years old, after he had retired to bed, he was led 
to pray to the Lord for the forgiveness of his sins and follies, 
and also for the Lord to send him some kind messenger who 
could tell him of his acceptance with the Lord, and also give 
him knowledge about the principles of the gospel. 

Joseph bad all confidence that the Lord woidd hear and grant 
him his prayer. When he had sought the Lord the first time, 
he went to Him in faith; but now he could go to Him with 
.something more than faith ; he kneio that God would hear and 
answer his prayer, if he would a:sk aright. 

While he was thus praying unto the Lord, he di-covered a 
liglit appearing in the room. The light contirmed to increase 
until the room was lighter than it cou'.d have been made by 
the sun in the middle of the day. It seemed at first, as though 
the room was filled with fire. Lnmediately after he saw the 
light, a per.sonage appeared at his bedside. The feet of this 
personage did not touch the floor; but he stood in the air. He 
had on a robe of mo-t extraordinary whitene-is — so exceedingly 
white and brilliant thaf. it was beyond anything earthly he had 
ever se.-n or that could be made by man. The hands and arms 
a little above the wrists of this heavenly being were naked, also 
his feet, and his legs, a little above the ankles. His head and 
neck were also bare. Tiiough the room was exceeding'y light, 
there was a still brighter light or glory close around this being, 
and his whole per.sou was glorious beyond th° power of man to 
describe. He was a little above the common .size of men who 
live now, aud his countenance was like lightning, yet it was 
very pleasing and innocent. When Joseph first looked upon 
him, he was afraid;. but the fear soon left him and he was filled 
with calmness and joy. 

He called Joseph by name, and told him that he was a mes- 
senger sent from the presence of God to him. He also said to 
him that his prayers were heard and his .sins were forgiven, and 
that the time was at hand for the gospel, in its fullne.ss, to be 
revealed and preacheil in power unto all nations, that a people 
might be prepared for the second coming of Jesus. He said 
that Joseph was called and chosen, and God had a work for him 
to do, and that his name should be spoken about for good and 
evil among all the nations and people of the earth. He told 
him there was a book buried in the ground which was written 
upon gold plate.s. This book gave an account of the people 
who lived in former days upon this continent, and who they 
were. The principal nation of which the book gave a history 
was of the family of Jacob, who is also called Israel: the Indians 
are the children of that people. 

This book also contained the fullness of the everlasting gospel, 
as delivered by Jesus to the people of this continent. The 
messenger also said that, buried with the plates, were two stones 
in two silver bows, and these stones, fastened to a breastplate, 
were called by the people who lived in old times, the Urim and 
Thumhiim. The men who posscs.sed and used these stones 





J"TJ ATEllsriLEl in^ST'I^.UOTOI^. 



105 






were called seers in former days, and God had prepared them 
for the purpose of translating the book from the language in 
which it was written into English. 

He then quoted a great many prophecies, which are written 
in the Bible, to Joseph, and explained them to him. After 
which he told Joseph that the time had not arrived fir 
him to obtain those plates: but when he did get them, he must 
not show them, nor the breastplate with the Urim andThummim, 
tn any jierson, except the Lord commanded him to do .so; and 
it' he did so, without being commanded, he should be destroyed. 
[To he Continued.) 



^K.lVi: A.TDII_,X.OS. 



AMON'C the many other curious aniuuils of South America 
are the armadillos, a small butdi.-tinct fimily, intermediate 
between the sloths and anteaters. These creatures are distin- 
guished by the possession of moiar teeth only; but they have 
also a more noticeable if less scientific peculiarity, in their 
remarkable coat of armor, by which their bodies are protected. 
This armor is composed, in all the .'species, of three bony 
bucklers, all made uji of small angular plates set in juxtaposition 
with each other, but not connected by joints or separately 
movable, .so as to form a kind of mosaic pavement. 

Tne shoulders of fhe aiiimal are piotected I y a stiif buckler, 
composed, as it were, of a single piece ; and these bucklers are 
connected by a number of movalile bands formed by p!a;es simi- 
lar to those of the prinripul I ucklers, which are themselves con- 
nected hy the soft and pliant innerskin, and thus rendered so pli- 
able as to admit of the most rapid and varied motions. The 
helmet-like piece which protects the head of the armadillo is per- 
f c 'y imlepet deut of the armorof the shoulders, so that the neck 
is lefc free w. ile at the .-ame lime it is completely defended by 
the projection of the ^kull piece, which protects the nape exactly 
like the same piece of an ancient helmet of the middle ages. 
In fact, the whole arrangement of the defenses of the singular 
creature has so marked a resemblanc(! to tho-e of the mau-at- 
armsof the fourteenth century, that were it not a native of a 
continent unknown to the arnjorers, one would scarcely doubt 
that the animal had furnished a model to the man, as regards 
shaping defensive armor. 

The icL'S of the armadillo are very sh rt and stout, covered 
with .-cily plates, armed with iioworful claws for burrowing in 
the ground, beneath which they njake their habitations, and 
guarded to the knees by the pr .tective l)uckler.s. E.wept in a 
single species, the armadillos are nearlj devoid of hair. The 
tail is armed with ring-like bands The teeth are cylindrical, 
varying from seven or eight to seventeen or eighteen in num- 
ber, on each side of each jaw, and are so arranged, with >puces 
between them, that when the nioutli is (ilo.sed they shut one 
into the other, like tho.-e of a steel trap. Their eyes are .-ujall, 
their ears erect and pointed, and they have elongated snouts 
like those of the hoi: or ground-mole, to enable them to turn 
the earth in search for roots and worn\s, which constitute a por- 
tion of their food. Tlii^y are n-ualiy no(!turnal in their habits. 



I'ltoi-ANITV never did any man the least good. No man is 
richer, or hajipier, or wiser for it. It conimi'nds no one to soci- 
ety; it is di.sgusting to the redned, and .ibominaiile to the ir I. 




(iKNil.NK politeness, like everything else genuine, ciimcs 
from I lie heart. 



ncsHon^ anil ^iifsivcr^ 



book: OIF ny: o K. :yE o IT . 



LESSON CVl. 

Q. — Ilow was Samuel received by the people? 

A. — They would not listen to him but drove bim out of the 
city. 

Q.— "What did he then do' 

A. — He got up in tlie wall of the city un<l tliiTc prophesied unto 
the people. 

Q. — "What was the nature of his pn'phccy? 

A. — He warned the people of their destruction unless they rr- 
pented. 

Q. — What length of time did ho set as> the limit to their ixis',- 
cnce unless they did repent'.' 

A. — Four hundred years. 

Q. — In conclusion, what did Samuel say? 

A. — That in five years from tliat time Jesus Christ would come 
into the world. 

Q.— How were the people to kn iw whf n He 'lad come? 

A.— Samuel told them that tlie ni^ht before Jesus wii.s born 
should not be dark, but be as light as day. 

Q —What did Samuel tell theiu should be a sign of the death 
of Jesus? 

A. — Tiiere sh mid be no light for three days, un'il lie arose from 
the dead. 

Q. — How were many of the people affected at hearing Samuel 
speak thus' 

A —They believed him, and went to Ne)ihi to be baptized. 

Q.— "What did the larger part of the people do? 

A —They hardened their hearts ar.d sought to kill Samuel with 
stones and arrows? 

03sr THIE BIBLE. 



Q. — How did Jonathan act when Saul tol I him to kill Daviil' 

A. — He delighted iu i'>avid and tehl liim to liide himself in 
some secret place. 

(i. — For how long" 

A, — "Until the morning. 

t^.— "What did Jonathan do? 

A.— He spake good of David unto Saul his father, and hesonght 
him not to "sin against innocent blood, to tlay David without a 
cause." / 

Q. — How then did Saul act? 

A. — He "hearkened unto the voice of Jonathan, and Saul sware 
as the Lord liveth he should not bo slain." 

Q. — After Jonathan showed all those things to David, what did 
he do? 

A. — He "brought David to Saul an<l he was in hi." presence, as 
in times jiast " 

Q.— "What occurred after this' 

A. — There was war again. 

t}.— What did David do' 

A. — lie "went out and fought with the riiilistines, and slew 
them with a slauglitiT, and they lied l'ri>m him." 

Q. — What occurred as David was playing tlio Iiurp in Siiul's 
house? 

A.— Saul sought to smite T'avid oven to the wall with the 
javelin. 

g.-\Vhat did David do? 

A.— He .-.lipped away from Saul's presence and lied, and eteai ed 
that niglil. 

(2. — What did Saul do? 

A —lie "sent messengern uiilo Davitl's house, to waleli him and 
to slay him in the moriiinjj." 

Q.— What did Michal do' 

..\,_>m,(, "lot David down through a window: and lio went, and 
lied and escaped." 





U ^ E 1^ I L E I 3Sr S T I?. U G T O I?.. 




THE O-OXjI^I^^^I^EI^S' 
V I L Xj ^^ C3- E. 

Frnrn Chttritl.n-^' MiscfU'iyiy, 



iCrinrhiJed.) 




AFTER service ou Sandfly , <}o!dentlial pre>eiit('d n scene of 
true rural bappiues*: [larties ot friends and relatives assem- 
bled in the houses, or sat in the jrardens enjoying fruit, honey, 
milk, and other pastoral luxuries. The village became a 
favorite place of report for the respectaMe people of the town: 
and even in winter, >katin!; parties svonld meet at (j>.ldentli.i,l. 
Under the guidance ot Heiter, the .>choohuastei-, the young 
choir had attained such proficiency as to he alile to sing c oral 
pieces, such as could seldom be heard even in the neighlioriiig 
towns. Thus the young people, supplied with innocent and 
intellectual aninsenients, and shut out from many temptation^-, 
were able to s|.enl their eveni'igs in ^unlmer and in winter 
without feelnig anything of that duiines.-and want of occupation 
by which mauv are led into intemperance and other vices. 

As may be supposed, there were some who were disponed to 
mar the good re.sults of Oswald's labors. A number of ilv 
village peasants, as they became more wealthy, wore temi V'A 
to vanity; seme of then- dauubtcrs dre.'ised too gaily; while sonie 
of the men indulged in the winc-fli«lc or at th • billiard-'.al.le. 
But this conduct aroused ihe fears of all the well-dispo.M.fJ 
inhabitants, and, taught by ex|>eiiencc, thi-y forus-w in .-iich 
vanities and indulgence.- the iirst tendency to go hacKward. 
When fu'.ly aware of the evil, there were trrave deliberations on 
the sutiject; and a species ot uni^n was fornjed of person-; who 
airreed to abide by certain rognl.-itions as to ih-ess and manners. 
This movement had the de.sircd efl'cct, the Fm-e of imblic 
opinion sujijires-ing the tcndencie< to vic« and disorder. Every 
year the regulations wore read aluud in I he church to the i(jn- 
grcgation, and such additions were made from time to liajc as 
seemed necessary. Alter the reading, rbe question was put to 
all, old and younL', men, women, and childrfn. in the asseniMy: 
"Will you stand by this i-ode oC laws, \ihich is the f lundation 
of all our prosperity, happiness, and honur?' And a'l the 
people an^iwered with one ai-cord. with a loud voice, th.it they 
would. Thus the integrity of the pari.<h w:is preserved. 

And now (>-wald was truly happy, for hisEli/.aiH'th prosenied 
to him a fine healthy son ITe went to carry the news to his 
friend the new ho-t a.' the ///')«. who was one of f lie faithlul 
members of the confederacy. ■Friend," .-aid Oswald, "'Ttliink 
I have never yet asked you to bestow !\ f ivor upon me; now I 
must do it. ^ly wife ha- ju-t sivcn me a sou and heir. I 
cannot leave hrM-. and tro to the town ; b-it T reipiire. loraeertain 
jnirpose, thi' \><;v.\ of five !iiindi''d L'uild._'rs — i.ly for (ight 
days. 

■■< )f cnur,-e I wi 1 le'id tlicm." said the ho-t of the Lion; 
"but I have not all that m u'old." 

"Let it bo gold if yon i-m " snirl Oswald; "-'"O what you "an 
do, and bring it to my Imum' toinorrow evening exactly at eivht 
o'clock. But s-iy nothinu- of it \.\ anybudv." 

In the same way Oswalil calli'd upon mery one of the fwo- 
and-thirty men who ha I ma Ic the iiroaiise to keep the <even 
rules: to each of then In' iiddie.-^sed the same petition, and 
appointed the same time ami place tor receivins the money. 
a11 these frien Is met at Oswald's bouse at the hour cf du-k, 
and were conducted into ,a ehamber almo.-t d.irl%. Oswald went 
out to fetch candles, and in a f.'w minutes returned, arrayed in 

military costume, with star, .-word, and leather, just as he 



had appeared to them in the same room seven years before. 
"Have you brought the money, my friend>?'' said he. "Please 
to lay it upon the table." One after another stepped forward, 
and laid his heap of money ujion it. 

Then Oswald spoke: "B 'member, my frind-i, that now your 
time of probiition has expired : the seven years and seven weeks 
are gone; and now you have placed more gold upon this table 
than lay upon it on the night of our engagement. My promise 
is fulfilled: I have taught you the art of goldmaking. And 
niw abide faithful to Grod and your own vows; so shall your 
welfare increase from day to day. Bring up your children by 
the same rules, and your welfare will de'-cend to them."' 
Many expressions of heart.y gratitu''e broke forth as Oswald 
ccaied speaking He now returtied the money to those who 
were so willing to lend, a.-suring them that he did not need it. 

"Then what can we do for you to express our thankfulness?" 
said several at once. "Only tell us, and we are ready to go 
tbronuh fire to .'•crve you. for without you we .should have been 
ruined." 

Tiien 0-waId answered: "1 thank you for your sincere 
friemlship, but I have no need of assistance of any kind. 
Thanks to a wrthy m in, my good father, who .gave me a fair 
education. Wben ;i soUicr, [ found all that I had learned 
useful, and my knowledge of land -measurement, next to my 
good conduct, procuri d for me promotion to the rank of captain 
of horse. Tn a skirmish, when the prince was surrounded by 
foe-, I dashed in with ray sr|nadron and rescued him. I received 
for that .service tliis wound tm mv brow, and the star on 
inv breast, with a good jiension for life. The jn-ince has never 
forgotten me, but, a< you have seen, has conde--cendcd to visit 
me here in Gohh'iith.'il. When I leturned to my native village, 
an 1 found it in such misetable circuni«tance.-, I thought it 
prudent to di-guiso my real condition. I soon lost all desire of 
liviiia in Goldenthal, and si;ould have gone away had I not 
SI en Kilzabeth. myd-'arwife: sLe kept me in the place. Then 
I resolved to do my "atmost tow:irds iinprnvinc the phico where 
I chose to dwell. To carry out my (ilan, I hil my wealth and 
r:ink from all ex<-opt my wife and her parents. And now," he 
added, "let this di.-;covery of my station in the world make no 
differeni-e in vuur intercourse with n:e: you are my brethren, 
and the title I sha'l be prou'le^t of will be to be called your 
frltnd'.^ 



^ r r t % \\ It fl e ti 1 1 . 



BrIOHAM ClTT. 

April 2ii, l.HTf.. 
Eih'fitr ■/ii.feni'le Iii-sfriictor: 

Dkau Budteier: -H.'iving n few leisure moments, 
I thought the time could not be spent in any better wy than 
writing a few lines for the Ix-tkittor. I noti -ed, in reading an 
aiticic in the last numb'T, that it is the intention t" again publish 
the history "f the Church, which made my heart rejoice. I have 
never seen tlu' time there has hei'n so much inrjuiry aiter the 
history of .Joseph Smith ;ind the Cliurch, as Uiere has been the 
past winter, and especially uinong tiie .young men, -which I think 
will he prodiictive of jjood. I, I'or one, am satisfied there is no 
better way I'er the young to imjirove their minds than for them to 
bpconie iheroughly posted in the history of the Church. Every 
young iiiari, in f ict, every person in the Church, ought to be famil- 
iar with .>ur liistory and doctrine-, and ouiiht to be prepared to 
answer any (piostion at any tune it might be asked concerning 
either. II' im re t'nie were ,-pent by the Latter-day Saints in sue 





J-TJ"^■7■:E]I^^z:L:E uststi^tjotoi?.. 



J.07 




studies, and less in the reading; of novels, we would see n great 
improvement in tli'Mr intelligence as well as in their morals. It 
is a disgrace that low works of fiction should be so extensively 
subscribed fi r and read by our people, and especially that the 
young should spend their precious time and means in such a man- 
ner, when they are expected to bear otf the Kingdom in fulure 
years, and should be preparing themselves for it. One tiling is 
certain they will have to prepare thcmiselves for it, if th'-y ever 
have an}' part in the reward, f iinow if we, as young men, just 
now starting in life, ever intend to reap the promises of tlie faith- 
ful, we will have to sow and cultivate the principles of the gospel 
within our harts, and ke"p the weeds out entirely; for if we all w 
them to grow in our hearts, the gnod seed will be choked out, and 
we will be led to destruction before we are aware of it 

I am sorry to notice the disrngard with which t'le "Word of 
Wisdom" is treated by many who profess to be Latter-day Saints, 
I see many of my youn.g hretliren, who treat the n^velation on 
the Word of Wisdom with little or no respect. They wil. almost 
say that they know more than the Lord does about such matters 
Oh! poor ignorant creatures. Consider for a moment before you 
undertake to judge the Lord! Do you think the Lord ever gave 
a promise that He would not fulfil I "Who am I," says the Lord, 
"that promises and does not fulfill' It would be easier ior the 
heavens and the earth to pass away than one word of the Lord 
not to be fulfilled," and 1 consider that the promises that are con- 
nected with the Word of Wis<lom are great ones. 

Yours truly in the go-tpel, 

John C. Chkistenskn. 



<i ■^»- » t > 



%^ ^ri|J itn <l)ni| ^,iili];»ailc^. 



aBjLmtk'JWl ia 



BV iiur.n KNOUon. 



CHAPTER IX. 




THE soil of the Fiji rslan(]s'onsist.''of adeep'oam, of a.yeHow- 
ish color, with ;i large portion of decay^'d vegetable n atter, 
which, aid'id by a lino eliiiiate and abundance of water, is ex- 
tremely productive. Fruits f,f v irion.s kinds abound, including 
the bread-fruit— of which there are nine dift'.-rent sorts— the 
banana, cocoa, fdiaddock, pawpaw, apple, Tahiti chestni t and 
a number of other fruits iieciiliar to tho.-e i.->iaiid.s. Melons, 
guava, pine-apples and capsicum.s alvo abound; but the chief 
food ol the inhabitants is the yam, of which they have five or 
six varieties. Sugar cane, tumeric and tobacco are al-o culti- 
vated by the natives. The islands were once noted for the 
production of sandalwood, but now it is entirely disappeared. 

It would indeed .surprise our friends in Utah to observe the 
([uick growth of vegetables in these islands. After the seed 
of radishes and turnips has been sown twenty-four hours their 
leaves may be seen above giound. Melons, cucumbers and the 
like, spring up in three days, and beans and peas in four. 
Four weeks from the time of planting they are fit for use. 

The climate is very agreeable and healthful, the mean temper- 
ature being about 7.")". Heavy gales occasionally occur and 
last for two or three days. The coasts abound with fi.sh, some 
being known only to these seas. Immense crabs crawl from 
the beach to the mangrove bushes, under whose .shade they 
love to repose. They are ugly customers to pet a bite from. 

The inhabitants of these islands are a savage and barbarious 
race, remarkable for cruelty, deceit and their accom|ianying 
vice— cowardice. They are very greedy, and so fond of lying 
that they prefer telling a lie to speaking the truth, oven if the 
truth would ftirther their ends the Letter. 



In build they are tall and slim, and cat-like in their move- 
ments, with long faces, large mouths, and eyes black and 
penetrating. They are of about the .same complexion as other 
South I'aeitic Islanders. 

They delight in cannibalism — the eating of human flesh — 
and sacrifices of liumaa beings are still common, although 
missionaries and travelers do all in their power to di.ssuade 
them from this fiendish practice. The gratification of canni- 
balism is not limited to those they capture in battle, or per.'ons 
of a different tribe, or to satisfy revenge, but for the imre love 
and relish of the thing; for they will devour with avidity their 
deare.st and nearest friends and relations. Aid what is most 
remarkable, as well as disgusting, is the fact that the intended 
victims are kept for a while before being slaughtered, and 
fattened up. in the same manner as farmers in Ut.ih do with a 
turkey or a pig. The operation of preparing their victims is 
thus described: — They are compelled to sit on the ground with 
their feet drawn under their thighs, in which position they are 
tightly bound, then thrust into an oven (built of rocks) and 
roasted alive. Sometimes they are kille 1 before being roasted. 

Shipwrecked people are uniformlv eaten, ;in I in fict, these 
savages will make a meal of anyone — white, black or olive 
is all the same to thetn, althou.gh they have a prefeen'e for 
thadelicite white flesh of the ''pakeiia," that is the white 
man. The only case in which the writer knows of any benefit 
being derived from the use of tobacco, is ou being cast upon 
one of ihe-c islands; for the natives have a great dislike to tlie 
flesh of persons who use tobacco, either in smoking or chewing. 
Wiiat a horrid thing the use of tobacco must be, for even these 
human beasts abh(n- it ! 

Siraiige as it may appear, these Fljians excel their neighbors 
in the usc'ful arts, such as in building large canoes, and the 
miniifactnre o( native cloth and pottery. 

They are ruled by chiefs to whom great deference is paid, 
and they show ])olitenessro anyone they respect. 

Thi! Fjians are idolaters of the worst type, altl ou.'h mission- 
ai'ies from Europe have long labored among them, but have 
m:tde liit'c impression. Each town has its "imbiu-e,"' or spiritr 
house, built on a raised and walled mound, of uncouth propor- 
tions, being twi e as high as it is broad at its base, with a 
sharp pointed roof Tneso temples are presided over by priests 
called "ambati 

Their towns are built in almost inaccessible places, as before 
described, and arc fortified by strong palisades, and have but 
two entrances in which are gates, the passage being only wide 
enough to admit one person at a time. The most imjiortiint 
town is Kandyvau the port (f call for steamers bound to 
Australia and California. There is also a direct line of steam 
ers running between this port and New Zealand, and persone 
from America wishing to ,go to that country, tranship here. 
As this place has only i'ceii lately been made a port of call, of 
course, but little has been done in the way lA' improvementB in 
buildings, trade, etc.; but there is no dotibt that ere long 
Kandyvau will be an important sea-port of tlic South Pacific, 
the influence for good of the white people who are constantly 
calling tiiere is aln^ady ajiparent among llm natives. A luim- 
ber of shec'p liirmers from .\ustialia and New Ze dand have 
puichas('d lauds on tlic islands and stocked them with cattle 
and sheep, and, although they have to keep a sliarp lookout 
for the natives, to protect their own lives and their stock, they 
feel confident that in course of time this country wil be as safe 
for the whiUi men as .\ustralia or New Zealand. 

The population of the Fiji Islands iscsiimated at about IM, 
fM). 





108 



or "cr ^ E mr 1 1-. E in^sTi^xjOTOi?/ 




HiTjnyniLiT'^r. 



Words bv C. 



W. Penrose. 



Mnsio BY E. Beeslet. 

- mo - tioiis 




ScliiTol thy feelings; condimiiation 

Never pass on friend or foe, 
Though the tide of accusation 

Lik? c flood of truth nuiy flow. 
Hear dekknsk before deciding. 

And a raj' ot liglit maj- gleam, 
Showing thee what lilth is hiding} 

I'liderueath the slmllow stream. 

Should atliiction'a acrid vial 

Burst o'er thy unsheltered head, 
School thy feelings to the trial, 

Half the bitterness hath fled. 
Art thou falsely, basely slanderril? 

Dots the world begin to frowiiV 
Oauge thy wrath by wisdom's standard, 

Keep thy rising anser down. 



Kest thyself on this assurance: 

Time's a friend to innocence, 
And that patient, calm endurance 

Wins respect and aids defense. 
Noblest minds have finest feelings, 

Quiv'ring strings a breath can move. 
And the Gospel's sweet revealings. 

Tune them with the key of love. 

Hearts so sensitively moulded, 

Strongly fortified should be, 
Tra ned to firmness, and enfolded 

In a calm tranquility. 
Wound not wilfully another, 

Conquer haste with reason's might. 
School thy feelings, sister, brother, 

Train them in the path of right. 



I^IC F !?> Z IB 3^r TD . 



I'nK frii'iid \\\\n holds a mirmr to my face, 
And hiding none, is not afraid to trace 
My fault-, my smallest blemishes, within; 
Who frii'ndly warn.s, reproves me if 1 sin — 
Althi>ugli it seem not so— he is my friend. 

Hut he who, ever flattering, gives me praise. 
Who ne'er rebukes, nor censures, nor delays 
To come with eagerness and grasp my hand. 
And pardon me, cro pardon I demand — 
He is my enemj-, although he seem my friend. 



Colledge, Lehi; Lydia L. Allred, Luanna A. Booth, Nancy H. 
Hunt, St. Charles, also from Chas. J. Brain, D. H. Lambert, 
Salt Lake City. 




'I'llK answer t<) the Kuiguia published in No. T is Maiikr 
-il.\ij^i. llAsiinAZ. We have received correct .sohitions from 
.1. n. Watkiu.s, Ogden; Eleanor Hayes, Martha Hayes, Pleas- 
•int (Jrovc; Byron H. Allred, Edgar M. AUrcd, St. Charles; 
1>. H. ].anibert. Salt liake City. 

The answer to the I'uz/.le published in No. T is Chair. 
We have received correct solutions from John Walton, 
Mill Creek; J. H. Watkins, Ogden; Henry V. Ballard, Taylors- 

ille; Eleanor Hayes, Martha Hayes, Plea.sant Grove; Josc|jh 



That every day has its pains and sorrows is universally expe- 
rienced, and almost universally confessed; but let us not attend 
only to mournful truths; if we look impartially about us, we 
shall find that every day has likewise its pleasures and its joys. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



OEORQE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy^ per Annum — — |2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

.^^-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




