t^ 






mm 



ifllhtfss til i\t |^or!i>! 



•fr^^l 



w'^'^W'^O^^^^^'^ ' ^ ' ^'^~^^^^ ^ ■ '^'^ v-'^'-^'<''^^< 






^W- 



l< ''^^a 



4h 








VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 19, 1871. 



NO. 17. 



STOI^/IT OIF OOXjBEI?.T 



(CONTINUED.) 



WITH that fi';uk'ssm^>4S which is given hy extreme youth, 
and the consciousness of doing right, Baptiste, instead of 
retiring, advanced a few steps into the room. 

'Sir,' said he to the hauker, who.se astonishment at his bold- 
ness for a moment checked the order already on his lips to turn 
him out, ' I have imposed upon you — unintentionally, it is true 
— but that does not make you the less wronged.' Then taking 
advantage of the extreme surprise caused by this preamble, the 
young woolen-draper advanced still further into the room, and 
emptying his pocket on a table, added : ' Here are the fmr 
hundred and fifty crowns that j-ou gave me just now ; be so 
gix)d as ti) return me the receipt I gave you, and to take your 
money. The cloth that I .sold to you, instead of being worth 
fifteen crowns a yard, is only worth eight. Thirty yards at 
eight crowns make only two hundred and forty crowns. There 
they are, sir. Will you sec if it is right ? ' 

' Are you quite sure of what you say, my friend ?' said the 
banker, quickly changing his tone. 'Are you certain there is 
no mistake?' 

' You have the piece of cloth still, sir; is it not mark.vl No. :;?' 

' It is,' .said ComtoLs, going to examine. 

'The No. .J is marked at eight crowns, sir; I do not mistake. 
I bog your pardon, sir, fjr having made my way to .vou in ii]n\A\ 
of viiu; but if you had fmnd out thi^ mistake before I did, I 
should never have forgiven myself Now, I have the huMnrof 
wishing you good morning.' 

'Stay a moment, one moment!' cried CiMiani to JJaptistc, 
who was retiring with a bow, ami whom this (iimimand brought 
hiwk from the door. 'Djyou knrtw thtit I am no judgi- of 
clotli myself?' 

'loan assure you, sir, tbil tbi^ pi^'c nf clutli is mhI worib 
more than eight crown.s.' 

Smiling at his simplicity, tiic yuung banker cundiiucd ; • \w\ 
you might have easily kept this money for yourself.' 

' I never thought of that, sir,' replied the .vming apprcniicc 
with artle.ss himplicity. 

'IJiit if you had thought uf it?' again inquired the 'elegant 
I'ari.iiiin. 

' It was (|iiit<' iijip;i.s.uible, sir, that such an idea could ever 
have c<jme into my head, i'ou might as well ask me if I had 
tliought of carrying off all that you have hen- ;' and a siiiih", aH 
if at the absurdity of the idea, lighted up tlio ingermou.5 txiun- 
tenanoe of tlio boy. 

'Huppo.s<! I were t/> maki- you a presenl of this money that 
you have n-tuniecl to mi^ with .suili a<Imiralile inti'grity?' 

' Wliat right have I to it, sir? and why shoiiM yon give it to 
me? I wouM not take it, sir,' .sjiid l{aptist<^ without hesitation. 



' You arc a tine fellow, and an honest fellow,' .said the young 
banker, going towards IJaptiste, and taking him by the hand — 
'you are a fine fellow, and an honest fellow,' repeated he. 
' What is your name ? ' 

' Jean Baptiste t!olbert, at your survice,' replied Baptiste, 
blushing at this conde.scension. 

' And how old are you, Baptiste ? ' 

' Fifteen, sir.' 

' Colbert, Colbert,' repeated i^F. Ccnani, as if endeavoring 
to recall .something to his memory. ' Is it possible that you 
are a relation of the Colberts of Scotland V ' 

'The barons of Castlehill an' the common ancestors of the 
Scotch and French Colberts, sir.' 

' And how cmncs it that your fatlu>r, a descendant of such an 
illustrious family, is a woolen-draper? ' 

' My father is not a woolen-draper, sir; but he is ver.v poor; 
and it is to relieve the family of the burden of my support that 
I beaime apjirentice to ni.v godfather, JI. Certain,' 

'Poor little fellow; .so much artlessness, inti'grity, and .ami- 
ability, and -SO unf >rtunate ! What a pity ! — what a pity." 

' Your carriage is ready, sir,' .said the valet-de-chambro, 
reappearing. 

The young banker let go the lian<l of the boy with regret; ho 
seemed divided bctwcini the wish of iriaking him accept thr 
.sum still lying uiioii the table, and tiie fear of a.g.aiii calling up 
the blu.sh of njortilicatioii to that face of sui-h noble, yet child- 
like beaut.v. The latter feeling undoubtedly prevailed, for lu" 
oHitented himself with saying: ' We shall meet again.' And 
with gestures and looks of kindness, he dismissed him. 

Baptist*! ran down the .stairca.se of the hot«'l, and was bound- 
ing into the street, when \w. was seized by the collar with a 
l)OWcrful and threatening grasp. It was that of his enragecl 
master, who had followed him, and now abused him in a fnmtie 
manner for having returned th<; nioui'y. All remonstrances 
from poor I{a|itiste were in vain. M. CiTtain w.i-', on the 
whole', not a bad man; but he was greedy, and bad a h.asly 
tenqier, and tins;' two evil qualities led bini into a momentjiry 
anil sinful flirgetfnliiess of his duty. 

'Gi'tfroin my siglit .and fmm my employment,' said he in 
answer t4 1 Haptiste's e.xiilanations. '(Jo, I sjiy. and follow the 

advice that I now give you— it is my last. Never i^o within 

nsach of either my arm or my tongue. There is my blc'win'i 
fiir you; take it, and good-bye to you,' 

Much as Hapliste bad expected liis godfitllier's lagi', and 
fully as he was pnpar.'d for it, the idea of bis di.smi.ssing him 
liad never ent^'rcd liis head ; nevcrlhcjess hi' did not n-pent his 
conduct, feeling that, in tlie cireumsUmces, he had bad no 



<^=?^^- 



■it^il 



*» 



^^^ 



130 



vJTJ'VEn^ILE XlSTSTTtUaTOJEt. 




alternative. Bowing his head to his sponsor's unehristianliko 
farewell, Baptiste slowly bent his steps to his father's house. 

It was seven o'clock in the evening, and M. Colbert was 
already seated at supper with his wife and youngest son, a 
child of sis years of age, when the parlor-door opened, and 
Baptiste ajipearod. A cry of astonishment broke from tlic lips 
of both father and mother, alarmed by the confused and sor- 
rowful air of the boy. 'What is the matter? 'Why have you 
loft the shop on a week-day '/ Is your godtather ill ? Or are 
j'ou Speak ! What is the matter ? ' 

These questions from both father and mother followed each 
other so rapidl.v, that the young aiiprentice could not find a 
moment to answer them ; but a sigh having followed the last 
word, he took advantage of it. ' I have been dismissed by M. 
Certain,' said Baptiste. 

' You have been about some folly then, sir,' said M. Colbert, 
for a moment losing the parent in the severe censor. 

' I will leave it to you to decide, father,' replied Baptiste 
modestly. 

Madame Colbert's anxiety deprived her of utterance. 

' What do you mean ?' demanded M. Colbert. 

' With your permission, my dear father, I will relate to you 
all that occurred to-day, and then .vou can tell me if 1 have done 
wrong ; but I do not think I have ; for, notwitli.st;inding the 
grief that I feel in appearing before you, after being dismissed, 
yet, if it were to do over again, I would act as I have done.' 

' Go on,' said his father, while his mother looked encourag- 
ingly at him, and his little brother blew kisses bo him. Bap- 
tiste related all that you already know, my young readers ; he 
did so simply anci candidly, without a word of exaggeration or 
of reproach ; na.v, the amiable boy seemed to seek jialliations 
for his godfather's amduct, which, thf)ugh repugnant to his 
every feeling, he endeavoured to excuse. ' 3I.v godfather is so 
fond of mone.v,' said he, 'an<l then, as a woolcn-dniiier, jier- 
liaps he did not understand my conduct. To sell a little over 
value, or a great deal, is the same thing to him, perhaps. If 
one may charge two pence profit on the yard without being 
called a rogue, and punished as such, why may not one as well 
charge a hundred francs, if one can? What do you say, father? 
It is very much to be rt^grctted, but it is so.' 
(To he con/inticd.) 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



iDEcoiviii^osiTionsr isro i. 



1'^HK revilutinn (if timipnutids into their elements, or the 
alterations iif their ili''inieal forni in such a wa.v as lo pro- 
duce new .substam-es is " di'ciiinpiisitiiiM. " H.v the first changi' 
a ccjuipound Ixjdy is made into at liast two, cir nioii; ImmIIcs; Ip.v 
the la.st, Ijodies are niade to act u[ion i^'ich either so as t<i 
pniduce entirely dissitnilar IkkIIcs. The first kind id' decmii- 
(lositiiin is calliMl ''simple," which means "single" dccom- 
puditiuii, llie s<'<v)iid kind is called " dnublc dccomiKisition." 

.MI the changes that liavi' been d'V'wrilied in smelting, <^i-., 
arc limught aliout by deeomiKi.'^itiiin, tliey arc in fact ''trans- 
mutations," in a wider .sensi! tlian was underst<Hid by that 
expr<\Hsioii by the old alelieniists. They piufes-ted to change' 
lead into silver, the modern alchemist!) i-onvcrt roc'ks into both 
|i;id and silver and th>n si-panitr tlnMii from each other. And, 
f'l dn this underslandingly rci|uiris a knowledge of the '' allini- 
ties " of bodies. 

For in.stani-p, HU|i|Hise we pa.ss the vajnir of hot wat4T (steam) 
thpiugh a n>d hot gun-barrel, hydrogen is libunitol, this is an 



instance of "simple decomposition." In the article on "water" 
it is seen that eight parts of oxygen and one part of hydrogen 
are that compound we call "water," steam is just the same. 
Here oxygen is united to hydrogen the same as if it were in 
union with a met;il ; it is, in fact, an oxide. When the steam 
passes over the red hot iron the oxygen exerts an influence on 
the iron, at the moment of separating from the hydrogen it 
unites with the iron, forming an oxide of that metal. Here is 
the change; H plus Fe becomes Fe plus H. A large 
number of changes in smelting are as simple, heat being the 
principal agent in producing the changes. At high temjiera- 
tures the elements exert their " elective affinities " alluded Ui, 
more energetically; for instance Pb S plus becomes S plus 
Pb ; that is galena (sulphide of lead) by the action of oxygen 
forms suliihurous acid, which jiasses off and metallic lead is set 
free. Other sulphides act much in the same way that the red 
hot iron of the gun-barrel does only that it is by a process of 
" double deeomjiosition." 

The fluxes are substances of easy fusibility which are added 
to others that are more refractory, to aid in fusing them. Car- 
bonate of jiotash mixed with finely powdered charcoal is an 
excellent flux for metallic ores. In a small way, as with the 
blow-pipe, or when small quantities of ore are ojicrated upon 
borax, tartar, nitre, soda or sal-ammoniac may be used ; in a 
larger way common salt, limestone, glass, fluor spar {fluate of 
lime) iron ore, or crude tartar. The mode of action is the same 
with either of these fluxes, decomposition is brotight about by 
bringing substances into a fluid stjtte and causing a re-arrange- 
ment of the elements into ditt'erent substances, which is the 
result of "elective affinities," the same as in the gim-barrel 
experiment. 

We may see how bodies undergo mutual de«)mi)osition by 
mixing a solution of common salt with another of nitrate of 
silver, the two salts when in the solid form are incapable of 
exerting any sensible influenci^ ujxin each other. Here water 
acts as an agent in making the solids capable of exerting their 
natural affinities. A large number of substances arc insoluble 
in water and heat is the means of bringing about the solution 
necessary to effect decomposition. 

HETII. 



'Y'T^ITICEE.' 



PHOBAHLY many of our readers have wondered what 
could be the origin of the word " Yankee" as, indeed, of 
many others that have sprung into existence in this country. 
America is a great i>laee for the manufacture of words. Tlie.v 
originate ofuui in the careless or cant expression of some speaker 
or writer, and have only a local meaning, but gradually attain 
to universal usage. In this manner sc<ircs of words now in 
eommcin use were started. 

Tile derivatiiin of the ti^rm "Yankee" is traced b.v some to 
the French word " Anglais," meaning Kiiglish, wliile others 
claim that the Knglisli eolimi.sts who first settlc'd America were 
called by the Indians "Jnge.se" or " Yenge.se," which in afU^r 
years was eh.inged liy the British soldiers U) " Yankee," and 
u.seil as an epithet nf disresjiect. It is also said that it was 
used as a cant word in Mas.saehu.si'tts as lung ago as 171.!, and 
was miderstoiid as meaning good, or exnlleiit. The latter 
stat(^m<:nt is probably correct. The word, though at first only 
used as an adjei-tive in describing a person or thing as good, 
was afterwards applied to tin; whole of tlie peolilc of tho.si; 
parts, and they were known as Yankees. 

['util within a few years, only the iieople of the New Eng- 
land !5t;it^'S were calli'cl Yanki-es, but during the late war the 
Word was u.simI by the Southerners to designate the soldiers of 
the Union armv. Sometimes the latter were also called 
" Yanks." ' L. 



1^3^ 



vi>f 



Cr TJ "V E IvT I L El XlSrSTT^JjaTCDJEl. 



131 



ITTSTOI^Y OIF- 
a H: TJ !?> O HC. 

{Conii7iucd.) 



THE 



WILLIAM Marks, who presided over the Stake of Zion at 
Nauvoo, leaned to Sidney Kigdon ; in fact he secretly 
thought that he, and not the Twelve Apostles, should preside 
over the Church ; he did not avow this, however, vei-y publicly; 
but it is a diiEcult matter for a man in authority to deceive the 
Saints. They discern his spirit very quickly, and if he be led 
by a bad influence, or be unsound in doctriue or untrie to the 
cause, they quickly know it. The October Conference was 
held as usual on the sixth day. Among other authorities pre- 
sented was WUliam Marks, president of the Stake. He was 
objected to by one of the Elders, and when the vote on his 
name was called, there were but two who held up their hands 
to sustain him. Upon the contrary vote being called, almost 
every hand was raised against him. This decided the matter, 
and William Marks was drojjped from his position. A motion 
was then made to sustain Elder John Smith as president of the 
Stake, which was unanimously carried. To show how little 
William Marks eared for the memory of Joseph and Hyrum, 
the Prophet and the Patriarch, it is only necessary to state that 
after their deaths, he hired the Mansion House of Emma 
Smith, one of Joseph's widows, for the purpose of keeping 
tavern there. The dining room of that building was yet stained 
with the blood which had flowed from them while lying there 
before burial, and they were scarcely cold in their graves, when 
he arranged to have a ball there, the dancing to be done in the 
dining room. When President Young and his council heard of 
this, they resolved to use their influence with the people to 
jjrevent their attending the ball. It cannot be a matter of sur- 
prise, that, knowing this as the Saints did, they should vote 
against his being the President of the Stake. 

There was one of the first seven presidents of the Seventies 
by the name of Josiah Butterfield, who was also dropped at 
this Conference. He had happened to g(^t a little money, and 
it was too much for him ; he became lifted up and his religion 
ceased to have the value it ought to have had. This was the 
rcas<jn assigned to the Conference, and it is a reason which has 
oi)erated in numerous instances since to produce apostasy and to 
lead men to forsake their God. Elder Jedediah 1^1. Grant was 
chosen to act in this office in his stead, and he proved a thor- 
ough and an efficient man so long as he filled this position, 
which was until he was called, upon the death of President 
Willard Eic'iards, second Counselor U) President Young, to be 
one of the First Presidency of the Church. 

At this Conference much valuable instruction was given, the 
quorums, particularly the Seventies, were filled u]), a number of 
High Priests were selected to go to various places in the United 
States and to preside, and other important businc.'-s was attend- 
ed to. The building of the Temi)l(', and the pushing forward 
of all the laljors incunibent upon the Saints at Nauvoo, were 
urged with f jrw; and energy upon the Conference. Around the 
Temi)lc itself ce'iitered the hojjcs and the future prospect of the 
Saints. They lalxired fur and earnestly desired its conjpletion. 
It was a command of the Lord that thiy should do all in tluir 
power U) complete the Temple, lest they should be rejected, as 
a Church, with their dead. On the 0th of December, 1844, the 
last and largest one of the capitals was jilaerd upon the Temple. 
There were thirty ciipitals around the building, each one com- 
posed of five stone.s, namely, one bascstone, one large .stone on 
which was 8culi)lurcd a rc]iresent:ition of the sun just ri.sing 
ahivc the clouds with tin; lower iKirtioii of its disc obscured, 
the third st/jni; with two hands, ca<'h holding a trumpet, scnlp- 
tup'd upon it, and the- last twr) stones firming a cap over the 
trumpet. The Work ujMin tlies<! capitjils was very beautiful, 
and wiien they were set in llieir i)lace8 tliey were very aiipD- 



priate and handsome adornments to the building. The first 
capital was set on the 23rd of September and but a little over 
ten weeks elapsed between the erection of the first and the last, 
and out of that time the workmen were compelled to lose about 
three weeks through bad weather and the want of stone. It 
being so late in the season fears were generally entertained that 
these capitals could not be iilaced on the building before winter 
closed in upon the work. But the Lord held up the storms and 
the cold weather until this important piece of labor was com- 
pleted to the satisfaction and delight of the Saints. Two hours 
after the capital was put in its place snow commenced to fall 
until it was about four inches deep, and that night it froze very 
heavOy. 

The murder of the Prophet and Patriarch had not been 
attended with the results which the enemies of the Church had 
anticipated. They hoped their deaths would be followed by 
the complete overthrow of the Church. But instead of this 
the Saints were united, were led with great wisdom by the 
servants of God, and there were every prospect that the people 
would continue to prosper. Something, therefore, they thought 
must be done ; they had shed innocent blood with the hope to 
destroy the Work of God ; was it possible that this had been 
spilled in vain and their hands and garments stained with 
no other result than their future damnation ? The thought was 
maddening, and they were prepared to go to any extremity 
rather than the Saints should dwell in peac«. All kinds of 
charges again.st the Saints were circulated; they were accused 
of every crime. Certain newspapers, the Warsaw Signal, the 
Alton Telegraph and the Quincy Whig, were filled with false 
stories about the thieving, the counterfeiting and the murders 
of the people of Nauvoo. Great indignation was aroused in 
the country against the Saints by these lies. This was what 
these wicked men desired. They hoped to raise mobs to come 
and drive the Saints away from their homes. But the time 
had not yet come for the Sauits to leave that State ; the wrath 
of the people was turned aside fiir awhile. 

Governor Ford relatt^d an incident that came under his own 
observation which illustrated the character of the charges cir- 
culated about the Saints. He said : 

"On my late visit to Hancock county, I was informed by 
some of their (the Mormons) violent enemies, that their 
larcenies had become unustially immerous and insufferable. 
They indeed admitted that but little had been done in this way 
in their immediate vicinity. But they insisted that sixteen 
horses had been stolen by the Mormons in one night, near Lima 
in the county of Adams. At the close of the expedition, 1 
called at this same town of Lima, and upon inquiry, was told 
that no horses had been stolen in that neighborhood, but that 
sixteen horses had bec;n sttilen in one night in Hancock county. 
This last infirmant being told of the Hancock county story, 
again changed the venue to another distant settlement in the 
northern edge of Adams wunty. 

In his messjige to the Legislature also, he .sjiid that "justice, 
however, requires me here to say, that I have investigated 
the charge of promiscuous st«'aling, and find it to be greatly 
exaggerat^'d. 1 could not asc^M-tain that tluTc were a greater 
priiportion of thieves in that community, than in any other of 
the same number of inhabitants; and jH'rhaps if tiie city <if 
Nauvoo were compared with St. Jiduis, iir any ntlier western 
city, the i)roi)ortiun wnuld not be so great." 
( To be continuKd.) 

^■^^^©'^^^vg:^ 

\ct honestly not fmm a i'.ar that .you might be de1eut«<d if 
doir)g otherwise; but from a. higher niotivtv- Woause God re- 
(piires it Jf a person be honest in his d.'al merely liecause h.' 
tiii.iks it t^) his pecuniar>- gain so 'to be, he is liable at any tim.' 
M change his ciurs.^ fur the s;inic n'ason. Fon-cd honesty will 
not do to depend upon, for it is not likely lo stand. 



i§2Ni- 



■le^^ 



^ 



'K 



^ 



■p* 



13 S 



J-TJ^EinsriLE I2^STI?.TJOTOI?/, 



s^fe^' 






fe 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUEDAY, AUGUST I'.i, 1871. 




OUNG jieople generally iii the Territory 
take too little interest iu the Bible, Book 
of Mormon and Book of Doctrine and 
Covenants. They do not read them as 
tliey ought. The Sunday Schools are 
doing a good ■work in creating a taste for 
tliis kind of reading, and there is a fine 
field fur them in which to labor in every 
settlement in the Territory. The boys and 
girls who are old enough to read and under- 
stand the value of hooks, should, as soon as 
jwssible, become the owners of these three 
IxKiks. Let them lay the foundation of a lilirary 
by procuring them. They are cheap, and every 
child in this country who is resolved to jxissess 
them can soon obtain the means to do so. No child 
who reads them can be ignorant, for the effect of 
studying them is to enlarge the mind, store it with 
valuable information, and to impart a knowledge of 
principles that is of great use in every de|iartment of 
There are no books which can be compared with them in 
thb respect, and if a child, or a man, could only obtain three 
boots, he would find these three of more real value than all 
others beside. 

The writer on his first preaching mission was i)lac(Hl for a 
long i)eriod where lie had no one to converse with of his own 
race, or who siioke his tongue. There would be times when a 
young jierson under such circumstances, never having been 
absent irom home before, would feel lonely. But whenever he 
felt any inclination of this kind, he would turn to his Book of 
Monnon and read that, and it always produced a peaceful, joy- 
ous, heavenly feeling. There was a cheering influence accom- 
pauyiug it.1 words. If it and the Book of I)octi-ine and Cove- 
nants and the Bible were read more, by young and old, we 
Would be a much hai>pier people than we are. The effect upon 
all would be delightful. Many an angry thought and rough 
expression would be quelled, and brotherly and sist^^rly feelings 
would be manifested to a greater extent in all our intercourse 
one with another. 

Every boy and girl Should try and obtJiin instructive and 
well-written books, with which to form a librarj' of his or her 
own. They can be bought more cheajily now than i^ver before 
in the Territory. But do not buy novels; never read them, nor 
have them alxiut you, for their influence is hurtful. First of 
:dl secure tlie three books we have mentioned, and do not be 
content to have them on your shelves or tables, but read them, 
aud the more you read them the better you will like them. 



*9. 



IS the Book of Covenants, in a revelation called the Word of 
Wisdom, .ip)caking of the use of flesh meat, the Lord says: 

" Yea, flesh also of beasts and of the fowls of the air, I, the 
I>ird, have ordained for the u.se of man with thanksgiving ; 
nevertheless they are to W used sparingly ; and it is pleasing 
unt/^i nie that they should not be used only iu times of winter or 
of cold, or famine," 

This is an iai|i<>rtant law, which all the Latter-day Saints, but 
especially tlie children, should learn to observe. Our hajipi- 
ness depends, Uj a vcrj' great extent, upon the food wc cat, for 



ia 



# 



unless our food be suitable, we cannot be healthy, and where 
the body is not healthy, there cannot be happiness. Where 
]ieople live upon vegetable food, they are less liable to disease 
than where they eat considerable meat ; the blood, the stomach, 
aud the whole bodj' are ia better condition aud less liable to 
attacks of disease. A jjeojile who live upon such food are 
more likely to live to a great age. Those nations which sub- 
sist ]iriucipally on vegetable diet are remarkable for their 
health, strength of liody, activitj' and long life. The most 
extraordinary cases of long life are to be found among those 
classes who, amidst bodUy labor, lead a simple life, agreeable to 
nature, such as farmers, gardeners, hunters, &c. The more 
man follows uatui'e, aud is obedient to her laws, the longer he 
wUl live. 

We have met with a few instances of great age which we 
would like to publish in connection with this subject. Bobert 
Bowman subsisted wholly on vegetable aud milk diet of the 
plainest and simplest kind, yet he sustained his bodily vigor and 
mental and moral ]iowers to a very great age. When he was 
one hundred years old, he joined in the chase and ran after the 
hounds, aud at the age of one huudred and twelve he assisted 
his family in the harvest-field. 

There was a French peasant who lived on coarse brown 
bread which was baked twice a year — a custom in some old 
countries — and drank goat's milk. He breathed the pure 
mountain air on the borders of Switzerland and retained all his 
faculties to the age of one hundred and fifteen, being remark- 
able for his vigor and activity. AVheu he was one huudred and 
twenty years old he was carried to I'aris and iiresented to the 
king. But there his diet aud his method of living were 
changed and he rai)idlv decliued for two or three vears, and 
died. 

Thoujas I'arr, of England, lived almost all his life on bread, 
milk, old cheese and whey. At the age of one hundred and 
thirty he was able to perform every kind of work of the 
laborer. At one liundred and forty years he had little iiiiling, of 
age; but sometime afterwards he was removed to Loudon 
where liis mode of life was entirely changed. He soon died at 
the age of one hundred and fifty-two. After his death his 
)»dy was opened, and F>oetor Harvey, who was one of the 
mo.st famous iihysieians in England, said that lie might have 
lived till he was two hundivd years old, had he remained in his 
native jtlaee and continued to live in his regular, plain, simjile, 
and tt-'injierate style. Another man by the name of Henry 
Jenkins, who lived upon the same food as Parr, reached the 
age of one hundred and sixt3'-niue. Demetrius Craboski, who 
died not long ago at the age of one huudred and .sixty-eight iu 
Lithvania, had always led the humble and tranquil life of a 
she])herd ; his food was jilain and i>rincii)ally vegetable. He 
was assisted by his two son.s, the eldest of whom was one hun- 
dred and twenty years old, aud Ihe younger ninty-seven. It is 
not uncommon for IJussian i)easants, who live on a coarse and 
scanty vcget^ible diet, to live to exceed one hundred years. 

The accounts which we have of the strength of men who 
live ]irincipally ujion vegetable food is surprising. The inliab- 
itauts of India are vegetable-eaters; but they use great quanti- 
ties of ]>epiier and other stimulating articles, which are very 
hurtful. There are races in South America, however, who have 
jirodigious strength, who will carry enormous burdens for a 
very great distance over roads which would be dlllicult i'or 
many jieople to travel on without a load. The I^Ioorish jiorters 
at Gibraltar live on coarse, vegetable food, and are very athletic, 
and hardy. They will airry casks of wine and other burdens 
of great weight on the pads ujmju their .sh(julders. In Sjiaiu 
these men are also noted for their strength in loading vessels. 
They astonish American and English cai)tains by their strength, 
yet their food is vegetable, plain and coarse. 

There is no doubt about the effect of vegetable diet upon 
mankind. Vegetable eaters are better-tcmjiered, less inclined 



Hi 



^-A.,- 






5^ 



L^ 



^ 



&. 



a"TJ^EISriIL.E IInTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



133 



to quarrel, and are always cheerful ; they are not likely to be 
afBieted with dispeijsia, that fiiiitful cause of ill temper, sour 
ludks and disagreeable manners. 

This subject is one which should claim the attention of the 
Latter-day Saints, and particularly among children, care should 
be taken not to acquire a liking fur articles which are hurtful. 



WE regret the necessity which compels us to iiublish the 
present issue without any engravings; we sent to England 
some months since, to obtain a stock of suitable cuts, and ex- 
pected to receive thcni ere now, but they have not yet arrived. 
We hope to have them in time for the next number. 



[For the Juienile Imtiuclor. 



HOW often it has been a matter of surprise with us that 
watches, in the manufacture of which there is apparently 
so much labor and skill required, could lie sold at such low 
rates. Quite neat looking watches are now often sold as low as 
five to eight dollars, though, of course, new watches that can 
be sold at such a price are not so reliable as time-keepers as 
more costly ones. But, that watches could ever be sold .so 
cheaply, would have been considered preposterous, b.v our great- 
grandfiithers. 

Watches were first made in Nuremberg, Germany, in the 
year 1477. The making of them then was considered quite an 
achievement, though they were not like the neat little time- 
pieces now so common ; they were rude affairs, — some of them 
.small, but generally jionderous things to carry about. They 
were often, we read in history, as large in circumference as 
dessert plates. Injagine such a watch as this; it would be 
almost like a soup tureen to carry in one's pocket. They were 
.sold too, in those e;uly days, at prices that would be considered 
fabulous at the present time, and a man was considered of some 
imi)ortance who could sjiort a watch. Since those days modern 
science has made quite a revolution in the manufacture of 
watches, machinery has taken the place of hand labor and 
invention after invention has been made, until now finely made 
watches are t<j be seen of an almost endless variety. 

Some idea may be formed of the labor requu-ed to make a 
watch in past years, befire machinery was much en)])loycd in 
the business, when it is known that watches made in England 
not long since, and even some at the present time, are composed 
of eight hundred ])ieces each, while many of the watches man- 
ufactured now in America contain not more than one hundred 
and twenty ])ieces. 

A watch is a very curious, intricate and delicate piece of 
mechaui.sni. For instance, the hair spring, that which ser\'es 
to equalize the motion of the watch, is a very narrow ribbon of 
the finest steel, ciiiled uj) in spiral form, measuring only one 
hundred and fiftieth of an inch in diameter ailS weighing onlj' 
one fifteen tbonsaridth of a ijound, tmy weight. This sjiring 
measures about a foot in length when drawn nut in a str.iight 
line. (J/ie pound of these springs are worth four thousMud dol- 
lars, or fifteen times as much as a l)ound of gold. 

Good watcln's coiiUiiii costly jewels, such as dianjamls, rubies, 
garnets, etc., for the jiivots of the mai-liiiiery to work on, but 
there an; thou.sands of watches solil, that are represent<>d to be 
" full jeweled," yet have no sucli thing as a jewel about them. 
There Li not a manufacture in the world in which tliere is moi-e 
uheatery employed than in that of watches. And though they 
are wi common now that almost any jier.son can aft'ord otie, 
then; are but comparatively lew of those who use them who 
i-aii judge a<:curaU!ly of the ((Uality of a wateli fi-oui examining 
it. Under these cireum.stancea a person who is not an expert 
in the business will find it more jirofitiible to wmline hiniM-K to 
Hwajiping jack knives than buying watuhcM at chance. 

L. 



IDEOISIOIT, 



A BOY needs decision of character more than any other 
trait, and I can symijathiz? with a boy who is doing his 
best to cultivate this virtue. It is his sheet-anchor, which, by 
the help and grace of God, can hold him right when all else fails 
him. A boy should learn how to say " No," and not only how 
to say it, but how to live up to it. "When sinners entice thee, 
consent thou not;" that means, say "No" with an emphasis' 
and, after saying No, leave the place at once. It is your only 
safety. 

If Tom and Harry tempt you to run away from school, or go 
where you ought not to go, and you reply in an undecided way, 
" I guess not— perhaps it is not best— I rather think I'd better 
not," you are Tom and Harry's boy. They have you sure. If 
a boy is undecided, he is lost. But if, when they make such a 
proposition to .vou, you say "No, sir," and turn away, why, 
then you are safe, and neither Tom, nor Harry, nor Satan has 
the least hold upon .vou. A boy who is undecided in his moral 
character, in his sjiorts, and, when he grows up, in his business, 
floats, drifts along to sure destruction; for any craft which 
drifts is doomed. 

Any of you who understand machinery know what it is when 
an engine is on a " dead center." Let me explain to those who 
do not understand. When the walking-beam of a steam-engine 
has lifted the crank to its highest point, or depres.sed it to its 
lowe.st, that point is called the " dead center." If the crank 
swings over as it usually does, then the rod goes down from the 
highest point and up from the lowest; but, sometimes, when 
an engine is going slowly, the crank does not swing past the 
center, and then, as the piston presses straight down or draws 
straight up, and does not tend to turn the crank as it does when 
in any other position, the engine stops, and the crank has to be 
swung over the center by hand. 

Now, this "dead center" is in an engine just what indeci- 
sion is in a boy or a man. The crank moves slowly, and with- 
out force enough to carry it over that point ; it is undecided 
which way to go, and it stops, and, till it c<m be started by 
extraneous force, the boat is at the mercy of the winds and 
waves. If a boy's mind moves slowly and in an undecided 
manner, his moral force, his engine, gets ou a " dead center," 
and away he floats down stream. 

I was once standing on the dock in one of our seaport towns, 
watching a large steamer getting under weigh. The current 
was running swiftly by the wharf, and the river full of large 
shipping. The steamer cast oft", and swung out into the stream, 
the engine made three or four revolutiou.s, and then stopped. 
The [lilot sounded the bell in the (■ngine-room to go ahead, but 
it was not answered; the lj<>at drifted .swiftly, and in a moment 
crash it went against a shij), and carried away her rigging 
around her bowsprit; then sma.sh into another .steamboat, and 
made a wreck of her wheel-house, and very badly damaged 
hersilf. Tile pilot was frantic with rage at what he deemed 
the stujiiility of the engineer, the olliccrs of the craft were 
loudly enrsiiig the stupidity of the ))ilot, and there was a great 
running to ;ind fro of all hands, when the |jilot was told by the 
engineer that bis englni' was on a '" dead c(Mitcr," and till the 
crank was pushed over in .some way he was powerless. By 
this time the boat had drifted a long way, and was almost a 
wreck; indeed, so bailly dam;iged that .slu' wiuld not go on her 
Voyage, and in her drifting she hail crippled .several other cralt. 
Tiioonly remedy was to down anchor, which tlu- pilot did as 
soon as he .s;iw the engine! was useless. But it was too late. 
Tiie damage was done, and the boat was afterward hauled oil 
for repairs. 

Now, boys, make tlie api)Iication; don't wreck yourselves and 
others by indecision; don't drift and float down tlie swill 
stream of life with all your energies on a " dead center. ' 1 









I 



^?_ 



I 



^K 



134 



J-TJ^EItTII-.E IISrST^^TJOTOI^. 



■f^g^s 



I 



always think of this when I see a man who might do a great 
deal of good in everyway, "loafing" through life, a curse to 
hinisflt' and to all about him. Selected. 



[For the .7iir mlr 



A WORD KOR THE LITTLE FOLKS. 



Q0L05I0N s;iid ^s•ho spares the rod, spoils the ehild ; and 
►O Solomon was right; hut thcTe is a time fm- all things, and it 
is first necessary ti> knuw that you are right. Children are men 
and women of a sm;dler gnjwth — younger in the worhls experi- 
ence and conset|uently more plastic in the hands of the model- 
er; but the great majority of thoni are gifted with reason, and 
it is a t;ilent that should be cmiiloyed, for it was not given in 
vain and when you raise your hand to inflict ]iunishment, sto)) 
and ask yoursi^lf lii-st whether you have exhausted all kinder 
methods of roformatiim. You know Earey the great horse 
tamer is kind and gentle in liis manipulatinn of young horses, 
and has been jire-eminently successful. Children should have 
greater intelligence than liorses. Try kindness, gentlenes.'! and 
Hrnnicss with thcui, and let the rod be the "dernier ri'sort." 



IDJVY i3 i^E!A :M:iiNrc3-. 

AMONG the many habits which ehildivn are apt to become 
addictetl U« is that of day-dreaming, which though gener- 
ally lightly thought of, has nev<>rthcK'Ss, great influence upon 
human beings. Kvery cliild understands what it is to dream at 
night; and many love to think ujion and relate the happy 
dreams they have. Such dreams are not likely to lead to harm, 
nnleas indulgi'd in too late in the morning when more important 
thoughts ought to oa-ui)y the mind. ]!nt day-dreaming, though 
similar in some respects, is difl^erent in others. IVrsiMis indulge 
in day-dreams in their waking moments, not while asleep. 

The state of day-dreaming is a forgetfulness of that which is 
real in life and the .substitution of the wildest and most unrea- 
sonable vagaries in its stead. A child will indulge in thoughts 
of future greatness; forgetful of all else passing around, he 
pictures in his iniaginatiou .scenes of grandeur and deeds of 
iicrtiism and glory, in which, of course, he figures as the hero. 
Enwrajit in the cfintemplation of the imaginary scene before 
liini he Ix'eomes lost tt> everything else; the fantasy to liim 
a.ssunie8 all tiie appearance of a reality, and so he will remain 
for pi-rhajis an hour or more without thinking of or noticing 
anything else. This is daj'-dreaming. 

The injury causi>d by this habit is not merely the loss of 
valuable time which it entjiils, but when once formed it is not 
easily oven-ome. The ^^ctim of tliis habit is ajit to find his 
mental faculties weakening, his ucmory failing and his ideas 
Itecoming confu.scd. Unal>le to concentrate his thmights and 
apfily his niinid V< any subjc<-t, he becjimes mopish and acts 
nieehanically and without particular thought. And so he grows 
up and pas.*-s through life — a mere machine. 

Tlio mi-am-st, laziest loafer, the most confirnied dnmkard, the 
most pn)fligate spendthrift, the lowest Hneak-lhief and vaga- 
liond often indulL'"' in d.iy-drcJims, and picture fir tlienis<;lvc!8 I'u- 
tiiro greatness affluence and power, which their c<'nduet forever 
pre<-lii<les them from enjoying. To mich, day dreaming is jht- 
iiaps their greatest joy, as the reality they never can exiierienc<'. 

\Vo should learn t<i think fiuiekly, and act with decision ; 
fonn a n'solution, and put it into exi-cntion. Shim every 
I)rietice or habit tliat h:is a tendency to enervate the mimi or 
i)fKly or unfit us fir the actual duties of life; for this life is 
made up of stem realities, and the earlier in life we l(^am to 
battle with them the more likely we will l>e U) make our exist- 
ence a suceos.s. 



The greatest men of whom we read in history, and those 
whose actions we consider worthy of emiilation, have been men 
who, in early life, did not indulge much in day-dreaming, who 
were kept too busy to find leisure for such pastime. In this we 
should follow their example, and keep our minds employed with 
something else than day-di-eaming, L. 



59<^S'9 = 



SH^iciisra- 



[for Ihe Jurenilc Ii:a' I'd r 



SIMPLE a thing as is the shaking of hands, as a salutation, 
there is a gri'at dift'ereiice to be noticed in the maimer in 
which it is performed by ditFerent persons. It is a practice 
that is much in use here, as well as in other i)arts ; and it is 
])robalile that most persons have noticed this diversity of style 
of which we speak, and that too, without detecting wherein 
they themselves are at fault, if they happen so to be. I 
lielieve there are no rules t;mght in this country for this partic- 
ular branch of etiquette, and we all follow our instincts, or what, 
Ironi our varied t;istes, we conceive to bo the best style. 

Among the many dift'erent styles we may mention the slow 
meaningless uji and down shake ; the jerking, sjiasmodic, per- 
pendieular shake, which might very proporl.v be styled the 
jiumii-handle shake; the slow, oscillatory, rock-me-to-slee))- 
mother shake ; and that of the same motion, only nmch ilister 
reminding one of the shaking of the tail end of a fanning mill ; 
the insipid, single downward motion, with only the tii)S of the 
fingers touching; the rough, rasping, long-clas]nng, cramp- 
stivrting shake of the unrefined ])erson ; and the equally long- 
])ressed, soft., fervent, electi'ic shake of the kivcr. 

I know of one young lady with whom I never shake hands 
but I have to smile; hers is the real pump-handle st.vle; and I 
either have to let her have it her own way, or make the motion 
worse b.v trying to introduce mine. Another young lady has 
made me blush more than once, by holding my hand after 
shaking it, while she encpiired very feilingly afUT the health of 
all the members <if ni\' fauiii.v taken se])arutcly, and this too in 
the street. 

A facetious friend of mine relates an instance of shaking 
hands. While traveling in the southern settlements of our 
Territory he CAUie across a man with whom ho had once been 
acquainted. He was a long, thin, niw-lH)ned sj>ecimen of 
hunianily with a grip like A'ulcan. On meeting, the.v, of course, 
shook hands. The si)ectaclc nmst have been ludicrous in tlii^ 
extreme. The man was overjoyed to see my friend, which joy 
was not recipi-ociited ; fijr the next moment after the meeting, 
f mnd my friend fairly dangling at the end of his long, lH)ny 
arm, writhing and twisting beneath hi» agonizing vise-lik(,' grij), 
wliile he endeavoured in vain to assume a j)leascd expression of 
countenance. After .shaking for some time my friend got loose, 
and tried bis (iffgers to sec if they would bend, ami then cfim- 
mcnced rulibing them to remove the cram]), determining in his 
mind, never to shake hands with that man again, if he could 
help it. The next morning on issuing fn)m the house wherein 
lie lodged, the Urst object he siiw was his perscutor watching 
f)rhim. In vain he attempted dodging around the corner, to 
elude him, the man anticipated him, and, advancing with a liroad 
grin on his countenanc«(, again grasp('d his liatid and (orlnn'd 
him the second time, a'cming to tiike solid pleasure in il, and 
appearing tmconscious of all el.sc but his own jileasure. My 
friend is determined to wear his hand in a sling as a means of 
presirvation the next tim(^ he mi'ets that man. 

Moral : When you shake hands, study the pleasure of others 
as well as your own. You will not do Ibis by sticking out the 
ends of two of y(mr fingers to shake, nor by gralibing and 
jerking in every possible manner, but try — well, think of it, and 
vou will find out the best wav. 

G. C. L. 



.5' 




J'TJ'V'Eil^ILE IIsrSTIS;TJOTOI^. 



•^^^i 



135 



IFJ^ITH 



ALATTEE-DAY Saint, in truth and in deed, requires faith. 
When faith exists there is confidence in God. Tliis is the 
ditFerence between men of God and men of the world. A man 
of the world looks at things naturali.v and judges of them with- 
out acknowledging the direct agency of God in the events that 
occur ; for inskiuce, when this Church was first organized men 
said it could not st;md more than a few months and then it 
would tumble to jiieces ; but it did not. NVhen they persecuted 
the Prophet at Kirtland, they thought they were effecting the 
overthrow of the gospel. When they drove the Saints from 
Jackson county into Clay, and afterwards fwm Clay into Cald- 
well and the adjacent counties, and, finally, from the State, they 
supiwsed that the Church coidd not outlive such persecution. 
^\'hen Joseph and Hyrum were murdered, meu who looked at 
the work of God from what they called a natural standpouit, 
siiid that the system must now go to jiieces. But even this, 
like all past i)ersecutions failed to accomi)lL5h the wished tiir 
end. Then they drove the Saints from the St;ite of Illinois into 
the wilderness, and who thought that we could hold tcigether 
there? Certainly the world did not. Starvation, Indians or 
division among the people would destroy the system they 
thought, and everything that has been done against the Church 
by the wicked, it was hojied would destroy the organization 
which God had established. Now at last the means has been 
flmnd, so the wicked say, for the overthrow of the I'riesthood. 
The raih-oad has been built and mines are opening in Utah. 
Oh, what rejoicing there is throughout the land among those 
who hate the truth. "The 'Mormon problem' is solved," they 
say; the "fate of Mormonism is sealed." And already they 
rejoice in anticipation of seeing the Saints once more driven 
forth from their homes int<j the wilderness or compelled to deny 
their faith. 

But observe the fedings of people of faith. Did they take 
this view, did they imagine that God's word would fail or that 
the anticii)atious of the wicked would be fulfilled'^ No; peo- 
lile of faith trust in God ; God's promise 'is sure ; He has said 
that this kingdom shall st<and and finally fill the whole earth. 
Therefire, among true Saints, there is no trembling of the 
knees, there is no fiiuting of the heart, there is no shaking of 
the hands, but they feel assured that lie who has .saved His 
peojile from the mobs of Mis.souri and of lliinols, who led His 
I'rophet U) this land, who established His Saints in those 
valleys, making them fertile and His Saints rejoice with the 
Song of gladness; He who has const^intly susUiined His people 
lor twenty -four years in these mount;iin wilds, and has delivered 
them from the hands and the ]>lots of all their enemies and 
enabled thijm to maintain good goviTument here ; He who has 
done tliLs, has still the power to prottrt, to jircserve, to uphold 
and deliver them. Those who have faith can see a i)athway in 
wliich to walk, to escape tin: snares and the violence of enemies. 
Tliey are not discouraged when the clouds are dark and lower- 
in^'. Their .serenity is not disturbed when mobs tlireaten fiir 
ihe de.structi'in of holitie.ss and truth. 

Children cultivate faith, .seek for it, it is a precious gift; willi- 
out it, it is iin|Kj.«»ibl(! to plea.>;e God. The wori<l is full of 
unbelief and bitU;rncss; men look at tilings naturally, they say 
and the}' judge of results, not thinking th.it (Jod is abl(! t<i 
eharige things, to work niintcles and cxerei.se drea<lful juiwer in 
)ieh:df of His people. It is a delightful thing to have faith in 
God, to make him our fru-wl so that in llie hnur of trial w<: can 
.seek unto Him ami obtiin from Him tin: things th.it we need. 
Hut Ut have true' faith we innst niaki: Gnd "ur frii'iid; we must 
M<;ek Iliin of^i'n and pniy with all unr hearts unto Him, seeking 
eanie.Htly r<ir His lldly S|,iril, to be given nnto us. I'lvery one 
in this Chnrcii who desires til n-main a faithful member ought 
t<i do this (iiiistuiitly ; not oiiee or twice, but every day and 
nnd'T .'ill eireuniHtaiicc'H. 



IIT KZ^A-H^TOITJ^TICA.. 



THE Kamtehadals are chiefly engaged in fishing, fur-tnip- 
phig, and the cidtivatinn of rye, turnips, cabliages ami 
potatoes. The few Ku.ssians are scattered among their villages, 
and trade for furs with tlu'ui and the nomadic tribes to the 
northward. The wandering Kcjraks, who are the wildest and 
most indejiendent natives in the iieuiiisula, seldom come south 
of the fifty-eighth parallel of latitude except for the puri)oses 
of trade. Their chosen haunts are the great desolate stejipcs 
which lie to the eastward of Penjinsk Gulf, where they wander 
constantly from place to jilace in solitary bands, living in large 
fur tents, and depending for subsistence ui)iin their vast herds 
of tixmed and domesticated reindeer. Tlie whole jieninsnla is 
supposed to be governed by a Russian "Ispravuik," or local 
governor ; but the Koraks are not really governed at all, nor do 
they require ruling. They are the most harndcss and nieritori- 
ous of savages, exceedingly inti'resting in a very strange way. 
One feels, in reading of them, as if thej' were creatures of au 
^Vrctic mythology, dim and grim even bt'Voud the Seaudinavian; 
tenants of shades whose fields an' ice-fields, and whose ghostly 
light eomes from the flaming swordeof the Aurora J5oreali.s. 
The settlement of the Southern natives, who are dark, swarth.v, 
and smaller than the pure Siberians, with all their imdene.ss, 
are not wanting in comfort, and the f'ollnwing jiicture is attrac- 
tive as well as vivid : 

"If you can imagine a rough American backwoods settle- 
ment of log houses clustereii aroimd a gaily colored Turkish 
nio.«que, half a dozen small haystacks, mounted on high verti- 
cal posts, fifteen or twenty titantie wooden gridirons similarly 
elevated, and hung full of drying fi.sh, a few dog sledges and 
canoes lying carelessl.v around, and a hunch-ed or more gray 
wolves tied here and there between the houses to long, heavy 
poles, you will have a general but tolerably accurate idea of a 
Kamtchadal settlement. They differ somewhat in respect to 
their size and their cluirches; but the gray log houses, coniwd 
'bologans,' drying fish, wolfish dogs, canoes, sledges, aud ti.shy 
odors, are all invariable features." 

Like the Esciulmaux, though without the .same terrible con- 
ditions of existence to explain their deea.v, the Kamteluidals 
are dying out. Since IT.'^U tlu'ir numbers have diminished one 
half. They have already lost most of their distinctive customs 
and .su]H-rstitions; and only the occasional .sacriSeiii of a dog, to 
scnne malignant si)irit of storm (u- disease, enables the modern 
traveler to catch a glinji)se of their original i)aganism. They 
depend chiefly on the salmon, which liter.ill.v chuke th<: rlver.s, 
for their subsLstiMicc, but the whole iicninsula abounds in ani- 
mal life. Jteindeer, and black and brown bears, roam about 
everywhere; a .S])ecies of ibex inhabits the mountain; and mill- 
ions of ducks, geese and swans swarm about every river and 
little marshy lake throughout the country. Mr. K<'iuian's ac- 
count of the reception given to the Jlajijr, Itodd and himself, 
at a settlement, the name of which he never attempted to mas- 
ter, but which he calls .Icrnsalem, is on to capsize all one's pre- 
viou.s notions of Kamtcbalka. 



HOW AIIAIi LADIES l-EUFI'MK. -The pmc.ss of Aral, 
ladies perfuming themselves is thus di'.scribed liy Sir Samuel 
IJaker, ill his work on the Nile; 

" III the floor of the hut or tent, as it may chancr (o be, a 
small hole is e.\cavat*'il, sullieiently large to eonUiin a cham- 
pagne bottle. A fin' i.f charcfial or simply flowing embers Is 
niaile williiii the hole, into which the wnmaii about to he 
.scented throws a haiidlnl of drugs. Siie tlien takes off the 
cliilhes i>r nilie wliicli firms lnr die.ss, ami iiiinelie.s naked over 
the fumes, wiiili' she arranges Iier robe to fall a.^ a mantle from 
her ni'ck to (he gmmid like a lent. She now begins to |>e|-. 
spin' (Veely ill the hot air bath, ami the i«in'siif tjie bkin being 



W^S^^ 



•«?eSr; 



'¥^ 



136 



J-TJ^EIsriLE II^STI^TJOTOIL 




open and moist, the volatile oil from the smoke of the burning 
■j^ perfumes is immediately absorbed. By the time the fire has 
wL expired the scenting process is comiileted, and both her person 
and her robe are redolent of incense, ■with 'which they are so 
thoroughly impregnated that I have frequently smelt a party of 
•women at full a hundred yards' distance, ■when the ■wind has 
been blowing from their direction. This scent, ■which is sup- 
posed to be very attractive to gentlemen, is composed of ginger, 
doves, cinnamon, frankincense and myrrh, a species of sea- 
■weed brought from the Eed Sea, and, lastly, the horny disc 
•which covers the aperture ■when the shell-fish •withdraws itself 
within its shell. The projiortion of each ingredient in this 
mixture is according to taste." 



S$t0l!|^& ^O^luy^ 



ICEEIF'IIsrG- HIS •w^oK.r). 



HOW TO INDITE.— In the matter of indituig, our natural 
inclinations ■would lead no t^wo of us alike. The styles of 
different authors are as varied and characteristic as their looks. 
Ooe ma.v possess natural ■wit, and you may trace a vein of it 
through the ■whole of his ■writings; another a fertOe imagina- 
tion, and he ■will •write in a very profuse manner; a third, 
matter of fact in his style, confines himself to sober reasoning ; 
•while another, possessing \one of those qualities, •writes in a 
wearisome prolix style, calculated in its nature to remind the 
reader that it is bed time. The first tickles you, the second 
excites you, the third interests you, the fourth, you yawn over. 
In writing, seek to state your ideas in the ]jlainest possible 
manner, and in the fewest words ; this should be studied. It is 
a mistaken idea that pedantic style and high sounding words 
always add force to what is written ; in .some cases they do, but 
not as a nile. That which is written in a simple, easy, vivaci- 
ous style, is read more eagerly than though it were clothed in 
high flown diction. The man who can write in a graceful, 
pithy, witty, yet simple style, is Uiore to be admired than the 
greatest euphuist living. 

True wit, though a natural gift, and rarely possessed, may 
be acquired ; or sufficient of it to enable one to write to please. 
f>tudy this, brush up your ideas, learn to think, observe brevity 



The fullo-wiiif; toiicliiiii; 
ton, A'irn-inia: 



liltlo poem is \>y Mi-s. rrcston, of Lcxiim 



in writing, and your writings will be read. 



G. C. L. 



LETTEKS OF llEt'OMMEXDATIOX. — A gentleman 
advertised for a boy to assist him in his office, and nearl.v fifty 
applicant.s presented themselves to him. Out of the whole 
number he in a short time selected one, and dismissed the rest. 

"I should like to know," said a friend, " on what ground 
you selected that boy, who had not a single recommendation." 

" You are mistaken," said the gcndenjan, " he had a great 
many. He wijied his feet, when he came in, and closed the 
door after him, showing that he was careful. He gave' up his 
scat instantly to the lame, old man, showing he was kind and 
thoughtful. He took off his cap, when he came in, and 
answered nij' questions i>romi)tIy and respectfull.v, showing he 
was polite and gentlemanly. He ])irked uji the book which I 
had purposely laid upon the floor, and rejilaced it on the table, 
wliile all the rest stepped over it or .shoved it aside; and he 
waited quietly for his turn, instead of pu.shing and crowding, 
showing that he was honest and orderly. When I talked with 
him, I noticed that his clothes were carefully bmshed, his hair 
in nice order, and his teeth as white as niilk ; and when he 
wrote his name, I noticed that liis finger nails were clean, 
instead of being tipped with jet, like that handsome little 
frilow's, in the blue jacket. JJon't you call those things li'tters 
of recommendation? I do, and I would give more for what I 
can tell aWiut a boy by using my eyes ten minutes, than all the 
fine letters he can bring mo." 

Selected. 



"Only a pciin3- a box," he said ; 
But the gentleman tumcil away his lieail, 
As if be shr.ink from the stiiialiti siirht 
Of the boy who stood in the failing'liglit. 

"Oh! sir," he stammered, "you cannot l<nuw^ 
(And he brushed from his matches the flakes of siiuw, 
That the suddeu tear min'ht Imve ch.aiircd to fall) 
" Or I thmk— I think you ■will take Ihcm all. 

" Hungry and cold at our garret pane, 
Unhy will watch till I come acain, 
Briuti'mii^ the loaf. The suu has set, 
Audhc hasn't a crumb of breakfast yet. 

"One penny, and then 1 can buy the bread." 
The sentlcman stopped. "And you '!'' he said. 
" /.'" — I can put up with them, hunger and cold, 
ButRubj' is onl3' live years old. 

" I promised our mother before she went, 
— She knew I would do it, and died content — 
I promised her, sir, through l)cst, througli worst, 
I always would think of Kul)y lirst." 

The gentleman paused at the open door; 
iSueh tales he had often heard licfore ; 
But he fumbled his purse in the twilight drear, — 
" I have nothing less than a shilling here." 

" Oh ! sir, if yon will only take the pack, 
I'll bring j'ou the change in a moment back. 
Indeed you may trust me !" " Trust you 'i — no ; 
But there is the shilling ; take it and go." 

II. 

The gentleman loUetl in his easy chair. 
And watched his clear wrcatli melt iu the air, 
And smiled on his children, and rose to see 
The babj- asleep on its mutlicr's knee. 

"And now it is nine by the clock," he said, 

"Time that m3' darlings were all abed; 

Kiss mc * irof.id ni'jrht,' and eaeh be surt^ 

When j'ou'rc saying your prayers, remember the i>oor." 

Just then eanie a message — "A bo3' at the door" — 

Before it was uttered he stood on the floor. 

Half breathless, bewildered, and ragged and straniic; 

"I am Hiilji/— Mike's brother— I have brour/lit i/oii. Ihf chant/r. 

"Mike's hurt, sir. 'Twas dark; the snow made liirn I'Und, 
And didn't take notice the trahi was tieliind. 
Till he slipped on the track — and then it whizzed 113- — 
And he's home in the garret. I think he will die. 

"■^'et nothing would do him, sir — nothing would do, 
But out through the snow I musthurr3' to you. 
Of his hurl he was certain .you wouldn't have heard. 
And 6o3'ou miglit tlunk lie had Orukeii his word.''' 

When the trarret they hastily entered, the3' saw 
'i'wo arms, uumL^led, sliapeleHs, outstretched from the straw. 
" You dill it— dear /iidii/~0'od hlcssyoaJ" he said. 
And the boy, gladl3- snillhig, sank back — and was dead. 



Ik pnliiislied in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHEK SATURDAY. 






Nothing is imix)ssiblc to one •who is deteriuiued. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Ninyle Coj'i/, per Atmiim $2 50. 

Single Copij, for Six Months 1 50, 

•»- (iniin broiiu'ht to thiK City for the .Iuvknii.k Instructor will be 
rciiived 111 llir onire of our ])iii)ir— Ukskkkt Nicws UinLUINaH, 




