



SQLINEBS TQ TBELQSD. 

n 







VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBEK 24, 1874. 



. NO. 22. 



G- lE^ E E IC S . 




TitE people of 
Greece have 
been known to 
lii-itory upwards 
of two thousand 
years; and the 
memory of their 
orators, poets, 
and 1 w-givors 
will be long chor- 
i.shed. But the 
countrj-, once the 
most powerful 
under Alexander 
the Great and 
his successors, is 
now reduced in 
strength, wealth, 
and influence to 
one of the least 
among the coun- 
tries of Europe. 
Its rise and de- 
cline form a most 
important chap- 
ter in the histiiry 
of the world. 

In person the 
Greek is well 
formed, and is of 
fine, upright 
bearing. He is 
active, and of 
graceful manner. 
In the towns he 
dresses very 
much like the 
l'"ron(-h or En- 
glish; but in the 
country parts his 
national holiday 
dress generally 
consists of a 
bright colored 
vet or silk 



^^n 




jacket, braided 
with gold; a 
white kilt cr 
a p r n hangs 
from his waist; 
leggings match 
the tint of the 
.jacket; a sash or 
leather belt 
h a n g s loosely 
down, in which 
are two or three 
ji i sto 1 s and a 
knife; a broad 
white collar is 
neatly turned 
ilownonhisneck; 
,tnd over all is a 
richly braided 
cloak. A red cap 
with blue tassel 
adorns his head; 
while his flowing- 
hair falls grace- 
fully over the 
shoukler.i^, and is 
Aery p 1 a i n in 
-tyle. All Greeks 
wear a mustache 
or tuft of hair on 
the upper lip. 

The women 
liavc black eyes, 
and tlieir dark 
e y e b r o w s are 
made, if jiossible, 
still darker by 
the rubbing in of 
lead ore. When 
young thev are 
nf handsome 
countcnaiice, but 
their beauty de- 
clines so rapidly, 
that at a b o 



THE LIBRARY OF THE 
-PESERH^^SUNDAY- SC H OOL UNIOm RnA^f^ j - i 



50 NORTH MAIN STREET 
SALT LAKE QTY I, UTAH 





S54 



crTJ^EZLTirjE insrsTi^TJCTOi^. 





twenty-five years of age they look old, and become very plain, 
(rreek females are no better than servants in a household, and 
wives do not take their jjlace as the equals of their husbands. 
The.y engage in weaving nearly all the day long; and in the 
evening, like their mothers in olden times, they go forth with 
their pitchers to the well. 

In families of humble position, the cap of a young girl is 
adorned with gold and silver coins, which are to form the 
jtrineipal part of lier marriage portion; and it is her effort to 
increase her value by adding to it all the money she can obtain 
by gift or by labor. This appears to us a strange custom, but, 
no doubt, many of our customs seem equally odd to the women 
of Greece. 

(Jreek girls receive little or no education; but that of lioys is 
now carefully attended to, as it was in former times. One of 
their ancient poets has given us a description of the school as 
it was even before his time: — 

"Now will I sketch the iinoient plan of training, 
When justice was in vogue, and wisdom flourished. 
First, modesty restrained the youthful voice. 
So that no hi awl was heard. In order ranged, 
The hoys from all the neighbc^rhood appeared, 
Marching to school, ill-clothed, thouah down the sky 
Tumbled the flaky snow, like flour from sieve. 
Arrived, and seated wide apart, the master 
First taught them how to chant Athena's praise, 
'Pallas unconquered,' 'stormer of cities,' or 
'.Shout far resounding,' in the self-same notes 
Their fathers learned. And if through mere conceit 
Some innovation-hunter strained his throat, 

Quickly the scourge 

Rained on his shoulders blows like hail, as one 
Plotting the Muses' downfall. In the Palestra 
Custom required them decently to sit. 
Decently to rise, smoothing the sanded floor 
Lest any traces of their forms should linger 
X'nsightly on the dust. When in the bath. 
Grave was their manner, their behavior chaste. 
At table, too, no stimulating dishes, 
Snatched from their elders, such as fish or anis, 
Parsley, oj- rudishes, or thrushes." 

The houses of the poorer classes are of rough stones, or of a 
mixture of straw and mud. The inside is generally only one 
room, with raised benches at the side tor .sli^epiug berths; and 
they contain few artichs of furniture. There are no glass 
wi-.jdows, but in a warm and dry country this want is of no 
great conseciuence, as the people can sleep out of doors for 
in(3re than six months in the year. In every Greek house 
there is a picture of a saint, or martyr, on the wall, with a 
small lamp liurning before it; and in front of this the family 
.say their daily prayers. 

A crust of bread, a cup of cold wat-er, and a few olives, are 
all they eat on a fast-day ; and as there are two or three fast- 
days in a week, the expense of living is very small. Even the 
higher ranks have animal food only once a week, tireeks are 
a sober people, and the vice of drunkenness is hardly known 
among them. They are very quick and clever; and a lad will 
1 'arn a difficult trade in a few months. It is not uncommon 
t(ir a young man ti.i acquire five or six languages, and that with 
great ea.se. 

It is very unsafe traveling in this country, especially in the 
mountains, as there are many brigands, or rubbers who lie in 
ambush in the mads. Large rewards are offered for their 
capture, alive or dead. 

This people are the adherents of what is known as the 
cek (Miurch. They reject the authority of the IVqie of 



Rome, abhor the worship of images, though the walls of th.^ir 
churches are covered with pictures of saints. They are a very 
superstitious race, and resort, as did their forefathers, to 
sacred groves and wells for purposes of devotion. But the 
Bible is permitted to be freely circulated, and a love of know- 
ledge is displayed by the young. 

In many parts the ciuuitry is covered with the ruins of once 
populous cities and famous temjiles. The traveler, as he 
passes through places now fallen into decay, as Corinth and 
other cities celebrated in sacred histoi-y, is reminded of the 
times when Greece was in the hight of its glory, and when the 
apostles of Christ preached in its streets. 

But of all places in Greece the city of Athens specially 
claims our notice. It was in ancient times renowned for its 
splendid temples, and for the numerous gods that were there 
worshiped. When St. Paul visited the city he beheld it full 
of idols, and ''his spirit was .stirred within him." In passing 
along the public way, he saw an altar inscribed, "To the Un- 
known God," — a sad acknowledgment of the the ignorance of 
the people. The only true God was the only God to them 
unknown. !Moved by a .sight of their folly and sin, he preached 
to them daily in the synagogues and market-places. But 
certain of the philosophers .said, '"What will this babbler say?" 
and others, "He seemeth to be a .setter forth of strange gods." 
They then led him to the top of Mars' Hill, where the whole 
city was spread out to his view. And there he iireached to 
them "Jesus and the resurrection," and of the day when God 
will by Je.sus Chri.st "judge the world in righteousness." 
A^'^hen the wise men heard .if the "resurrection of the dead, 
some mocked: others said We will hear thee again of this 
matter. Howbeit certain men and women clave unto him, and 
believed. ' ' 

Geece which was once the leading nation of the earih has 
become a very weak power. Rome, also, once the mistress of 
the world, and the power to which the then known nations 
paid tribute, is almost without influence. Iltr empire h^s 
passed away. When the apostles preached in Greece and 
Rome the people of tho.se lands little imagined that the power 
and glory of which they were so proud would pass away. 
They thought, as the people of the United States and England 
and Scandinavia and other lands now think, that their domin- 
ion would continue for a long period, and jierhajjs forever. 
But evei-y nation, to whom the gosjiel is preaclied and who will 
not receive it, must go down and perish. Its power must pass 
away. And all the nations of Europe, if they reject the 
gospel, will pass away like Greece and Rome, and the authority 
which they wield will be transferred to others. So also with 
our ov.n nation: its rejection of the gosjiel will call down the 
displeasure of the Almighty upon it, and the power will be 
taken from those who now wield it. 



Being sociable requires something more than ceaseless 
chattering. It requires the culture and and expression in all 
projjer and helpful ways of those thoughts and .sentiments 
which are unselfish, generous, sympathetic and human. It 
means a pervading interest in others and the general good. 
It means the lively commerce of mind with mind, and com- 
munication of heart with heart, by listening as well as by 
speaking; by large receptivity as well as generous giving. 



Think naught a trifle, though it small appear; 
Small sands make mountains, mimUes make tlie year; 
Trifles are lif(\ Your care to trifles give, 
( h- yuu may die before you Icarii to livr. 





>jTJ^rEinsriLE i:LTSTi^TJCTOi^ 




TlilE ±?.OE]. 



"As light of loot fis a wild roe." — 2 Samukl ii. 18. 

THE wild roc is often mentioned in the Bible, ;inil is the 
same a^; the Arab gazelle. You would like to see it, 
children. It is a most sontle, timid, and beautiful creature, 
and has eyes so dark and lovolj-, that a great many poets have 
written about them. One of these poets, when speaking 
about somebody who was very beautiful, said : — 

"Her -ye's dark oliann 'tworo vain to tell, 
But gaze on tlio?o of the gazelle. 
It will assi.st thy fancj- well." 

The wild roe is at home, not onl.y in the desert and on the 
plains, but even on the tops of rugged hills and high moun- 
tains. It runs most lightly and gracefully along, and so very 
fast that, in the Bible, the best runnc'-s arc compared to i*^. 
We are told that Asahel, the brother of Joab, "was as light 
of foot as a wild roe." And in l Chronicles xii. S, we read 
that some of tlie mighty men who came to David to help him 
in his wars, had faces as bold as the isices of lions, and they 
''were as swift as the roes upon the mountains." 

The hind that is so often spoken of in the Bible is the 
female of the roe or roebuck. It runs quite as lightly and 
swiftly as the roe. They both dash along at so wonderful a 



bofort. It used to be trained in England to Ijring down the 
hawk. The Arabs teach it to dash at the head of the gazelle; 
and this so teases and annoys the poor hunted animal, that 
it cannot run as .swiftly a.s usual, and so the hunter overtakes 
it, and catches it. But when the gazelle is jiursvied by dogs 
alone, it very often gets out of the way. You know it !-ays in 
Proverbs vi. '), "Deliver thyself as a roe from the hamls of 
the hunter." 

The roe and hind are often mentioned in the Song of 
Solomon, on account of their swifjness, grace and beauty. It 
says, "Be thou like to a roc, or to a young hart upon the 
mountains of spices. ' ' 





speed over the plains and up the mountains, that when they 
reach the hights, it is impo.ssible to follow and catch them. 
That is why David says, in Psalm xviii. 33, "He maketh my 
feet like hinds' feet, and .setteth me ujion my high place.':." 

David, you know, had a great many enemies. He says, in 
one of his Psalni':, that they came around him like a swarm 
of bees to sting him. but (rod delivered him from them all, 
and made him as safe as a hind that has got away fnnn the 
hunters and their dogs, and has reached the tops of the high 
mountains. 

The i)roidiet Ilabakknk also says, "The Lord is my strength, 
aud He will make my feet like hinds' feet, and He will make 
me to walk upon mine high i)laces." And if we trust in God 
shall wo not be able to .say the same'? 

These lovely animals are found in great numbers in Palestine, 
or the holy land. They go in small herds in all parts of the 
couMtiy ; but in the .south, as many as a hundred are often 
seen together dashing ovei' the de.-^ert plains, and leaiilni;- from 
lull to hill! 

'file Arabs are very fond of their flesh, and they constantly 
hiuit them, sometimes with dogs alone, but ofteji with both 
yhonnd and falcon. 1 ilarc >ay you have heard of the falcon 



-A.iDnvniK.j^BijE GS^iGHTOisr. 



NEAR the close of the sixteenth century, a young Scotsman 
traveled on the Continent, who possessed such wonderful 
jn'oficiency in science, literature and gentlemanly accomplish- 
ments, that he acquired the name of "Admirable Criohton." 
He is reputed to have been acquainted with twelve languages, 
to have mastered the whole circle of the sciences, to have been 
an accomplished orator, and to have possessed extraordinary 
skill in painting, drawing, riding, fencing, dancin.g, singing, 
and play'ni on musical instruments. In addition to all these 
marvelous accomplishments, he possessed remarkable strength, 
and in phy.sical beauty was a new Adonis. In the use of the 
sword or spear he was unapjiroaehable. At Paris he is said to 
have entered a tournament and won all the honors; and, later 
to have highly distinguished himself during his two years' 
service in the civil wars of France. According to Sir Thomas 
I'rquhart's romantic narrative, he rendered himself very con- 
spicuous by his valiant encounter with a fierce Italian gentle- 
man, who had recentl.v slain tiiree antagonists. Criehton is 
said to have challenged this redoubtable chami)ion, and, after 
manj' efforts of skill, to have conquered him. 

'When in his twenty-tliird year, Criehton was inviteil or 
attracted to the court of ^lantua, and was .soon after appointed 
by the duke tutor to his son, '\'incenzo Gonzaga. Here his 
brilliant career was brought to an untimely end. When he 
was one evening walking with his lut_' in his hand, he was 
unexpectedly as.sailed by three persons, and. drawing his sword, 
he pressed upon them witli such skill and resolution, that the 
principal aggressor was impelled Iiy his fears to di.'-cover him- 
self to be youns Gonzaga. Criehton fell upon his kne.s, and 
entreated lorgi\-eness for an act which evidently iiittJired no 
guilt, when the dissolute prince instantl}' isiereed him through 
the body, and terminated the existence of one of the most 
remarkable young men of the era to which he belonged. 
This act of base ferocity was perpetrated by the Prince of 
IMantua on the 3rd of July, 1.5S3, when Criehton had nearly 
completed the twenty-third year of his age, and a belief still 
prevails in Italy that the calamities which shortly after befell 
the house of Gonzaga were judgments of the Aliniglit\- for 
that foul murder. 



A CiiEKUFir, View of Thinos. — 'irow d'Mual ycui look! " 
said a bucket to its companion, as they were going to the well. 

"Ah!" replied the other, "I was reflecting on the useless- 
ne.ss of our being filled; for. let us no away ever so full, we 
always come back eniiity. 

"])ear me! How strange to look at it in that way," saiil 
the other bucket,. "Now T enjoy the tluuight that however 
empty we ccniie, we always go away full. Only look at it in 
that lii;ht. and vou'll be as cheerful as I am.'' 





S56 



cr Tj ^ E itTi L E insrsTi^ ugto:r- 




JL DE?. o h: UVU E ID E s 




THIS celebrated philosopher of antiquitj- was a native of 
Sj'racuse in Sicilj', and is sujiposed to have been born 
about two hundred and eightj' years before the commencement 
of the Christian era. 

In proof of Archimedes' knowledge of the doctrines of 
specific gravities, a singular fact is related in Vitruvius. 
Hiero, king of Syracuse, suspecting that in making a golden 
crown which he had ordered, the workmen had stolen part of 
the gold, and substituted in its stead an equal weight of silver. 
He applied to Archimedes, entreating him to exercise his 
ingenuity in detecting the fraud. Contemplating the subject 
one day as he was in the bath, it occurred to him that he 
displaced a quantity of water equal to the bulk of his own body. 
Quitting the bath with that eager and imjietuous delight which 
a new discovery naturally excites in an inquisitive mind, he ran 
naked into the street, crying, ' 'Eureka! Eureka! ' ' ( I have found it 
out! 1 have found it out! ) Procuring a mass of gold and another 
of silver, each of equal weight with the crown, he observed 
the quantity of fluid which each displaced, successively, upon 
being inserted in the same ves.sel full of water; he then o\ served 
how much water was displaced by the crown; and, upon com- 
paring this'quantity with each of the former, soon learned the 
proportions of silver and gold in the crown. 

In mechanics and optics the inventive powers of Archimedes 
were astonishing. He said, with apparent, but only apparent 
extravagance, "Give me a jilaoe to stand upon, and I will move 
the earth;" for he jierfectly understood the doctrine uf the 
lever, and well knew, that, theoretically, the greatest weight 
may be moved by the smallest power. To show Hiero the 
wonderful effect of mechanic powers, he is said, by the help o' 
ropes and pidlej's, to have drawn towards him, with perfect 
ease, a galley which lay on shore, manned and loaded. But 
the grand proofs of his skill were given during the siege of 
Syracuse by jMarcellus. Whether the vessels of the besiegers 
approached near the walls of the citj', or kept at a considerable 
distance, Archimedes found means to annoy them. When 
they ventured closely under the rampart raised on the side 
towards the sea, he, by means of long and vast beams, probably 
hung in the form of a lever, s;ntek with prodigious force upon 
the galleys, and sunk them; or by means of grajjpling hooks 
at the remote extremity of other levers, he caught up the 
vessels into the air, and dashed them to pieces against the 
walls or the jirojecting rocks. When the enemy kept at a 
greater di.stance, Archimedes made use of machines, by which 
he threw from behind the walls stones in vast mas.ses, or great 
numbers, which shattered and demolished the ships or the 
machines employed in the siege. Tliis mathematical Briareus, 
as Marcellus jestingly called him, employed his hundred arms 
with astonishing effect. His mechanical genius was the inform- 
ing sold of the besieged city; and his powerful weapons struck 
the astonished Boniaas with terror. One, in particular, con- 
sisting of a mirror, by which he concentrated the rays of the 
sun upon the besieging vessels and set them on fire, must have 
jiroduced an extraordinarj' expression upon those who suffered 
from it, seeing that it was of so wonderful a character as to 
be thought a fiction by subsequent ages, until its reality was 
jiroved by the repetition of the experiment. Buffon contrived 
and made a burning-glass, compo.sed of about four hundred 
glass planes, each six inches square, so placed as to form a 
concave mirror, cijiable of melting silver at the distance of 
fifty feet, and of lead and tin at the distance of one hundred 
md tweutv feet, and of setting fire to wood at the distance of 



two hundred feet ; and the story of Archimedes' instrument 
for burning .ships at a great distance was no longer ridiculed. 
Eminent as Archimedes was for his skill and invention in 
mechanics, his chief excellence, jierhaps, lay in the rare talent 
which he possessed of investigating abstract truths, and in 
inventing conclusive demonstrations in the higher branches of 
pure geometry. If we are to credit the representation of 
Plutarch, he looked upon mechanic inventions as far inferior 
in value to tho.se intellectual speculations which terminate in 
simple truth, and carry with them irresistible conviction. Of 
his success in these lucubrations, the world is still in possession 
of admirable proofs in the geometrical treatises which he left 
behind him. ()f the unremitting ardor with which he devoted 
himself to mathematical studies, and the deep attention with 
which he pursued them, his memoirs afford striking and 
interesting examples. It is related of him, that he was often 
so totally absorbed in mathematical speculations, as to neglect 
his meals and care of his per.son. At the bath he would fre- 
quently draw geometrical figures in the ashes, or, when, accord- 
ing to the custom, he was annointed, upon his own body. He 
was so much delighted with the discovery of the ratio between 
the sjihere and the containing cylinder, that, passing over all 
his mechanic inventions, as a memorial of this discovery, he 
requested his friends to place upon his tomb a cylinder, con- 
taining a sphere, with an inscription expressing the proportion 
which the containing solid bears to the contained. 

No sincere .'dmirer of scientific merit will read without 
painful regret, that when Syracuse, after all the defense which 
philosophy had afibrded it, was taken by storm, and given up 
to the sword, notwithstanding the liberal exception which 
Marcellus had made in favor of Archimedes, by giving orders 
that his house and his person should be held sacred, at a 
moment when this great man was so intent upon some mathe- 
matical speculation as not to perceive that the city was taken, 
and even when, according to Cicero, he was actually drawing a 
geometrical figure upon the sand, an ignorant barbarian, in 
the person of a Roman soldier, without allowing him the 
satisfaction of completing the solution of his problem, ran 
him through the body. This event, .so disgraceful to the 
Koman character and to human nature, happened two hundred 
and twelve years before Christ. It was a poor comjiensation 
for the insult offered by this action to science in the person of 
one of her most favored sons, that Marcellus, in the midst of 
his triumphal laurels, lamented the fate of Archimedes, and, 
taking upon himself the charge of his funeral, protected and 
honored his relations. The disgrace was in some measure 
cancelled, when Cicero, a hundred and forty years afterwards; 
jjaid homage to his forgotten tondj. ' 'During my quaestorship, ' ' 
says this illustrious Roman, ''I diligently .sought to discover 
the sepulchre of Archimedes, which the Syracusans had 
totally neglected, and suft'ered to be grown over with thorns 
and briers. Recollecting some verses, said to be inscribed 
upon the tomb, which mentioned that on the top was placed a 
sphere with a cylinder, I looked round me upon every object at 
the Agragentiue Gate, the common receptacle of the dead. At 
last I observed a little column which just rose above the thorns, 
ujtou which was placed the figure of a sphere and cylinder. 
This, said I, to the Syracusan nobles who were with me, this 
must, I think, be what I am seeking. Several persons were 
immediately employed to clear away the weeds and lay open 
the spot. As soon as a passage was opened, we drew near, 
and found on the opposite base the inscription, with nearly half 
the latter part of the verses worn away. Thus would this 
most famous, and formerlv most learned citv of Greece, have 




? 



0" TJ "V E IN" I Xj E IISrSTI^TJOTOI^/ 



257 




remained a stranger to the tomb of one of its most ingenious 
citizens, had it not been discovered by a man of Arpinum. — 

Eminent Mechanics. 



j^:e':r.xgj^i>t oxjsToiyiis 




THERE are many curious things about these people besides 
their dress. Their houses have walls of clay or reeds, and 
sharivpointed roofs of straw. The furniture con.sists mainly 
of wooden platters and stools, which are colored black by long 
burial in the mud, and their only light is a burning pine knot. 

Before the house is usually a post, on which are hung the 
trophies of the hunt, such as horns of antelopes, skulls of 
animals and men, and, horrible to say, dried hands and feet. 
These proclaim to the world how great a warrior is the owner, 
and, in part, answer the purposes that fine houses and clothes 
do with us. 

When a Niam-Niam pays a vi.sit to his neighbor, he carries 
his own stool to sit on, and when he goes into mourning for a 
friend he shaves his head, and scatters the precious braids, 
twist,s and puifs to the wind, which certainly shows sincere 
grief on his part. 

AMien two friends meet they do not shake hanJs, but they 
join their middle fingers in such a way that the joints crack, 
while they nod at each other, more as if in disgust — as it looks 
to a white man — than in friendly greeting. 

If they find a hollow tree in which wild bees have laid up 
honey, they at once smoke the bees stupid, and eat honey, 
wax, bees, and all. Indeed they eat things we would not like. 
The children in some parts of Africa eat rats and field-mice, 
which they catch by means of baskets woven in the form of 
long tubes. They are laid flat on the ground, near the mouse 
holes, and then the little savages begin a great stamping, 
shouting, and slapping of hands. The poor little animals are 
frightened, and run into the traps for safety, and are easily 
taken. They are then tied by the tails in bunches of a doxen 
or so, as you have seen children tic cherries, and bartered 
with each other as choice morsels. Sometimes they use them 
as bait to catch cats — roast cat being a favorite dish. They 
build small huts of twisted reeds, put the mice in, and cats are 
attracted to the trap, of course. 

The grown people feast on still stranger diet — such as the 
bodies of their enemies killed in battle, elephant meat dried 
till it looks like a log of wood, dogs and the termites, or white 
ants, of which you may have read, and whose immense cone- 
shajied houses are so common in Africa. 

No important thing is done without consulting certain signs 
to see if it will be successful. Some of these are very curious. 
One is to put a few droi)s of water on a smooth topped .stool, 
then take a smooth block and rub it across the stool as though 
to plane it off. If the block moves easily the sign is good ; if 
hard, the sign is bad. 

Another is to dose some unfortunate hen with a certain 
greasy liquid. If she dies the sign is bad; if she gets well it 
is good. 

But the hens are not the only sufferers. Another wav to try 
one's luck is to seize a wretched cock, duck him umler water 
many times till he is stiff and senseless, and then leave him 
alone. The fate is decided by his recovering or dying. The 
guilt of any one accused or suspected of crime is tried in the 
same way, and no one dreams of suspecting one whose signs 
have shown favorably. 

To ])rotect themselves from the danger and loss of fires, thev 

ovide no fire-engines and insurance companies, but hang an 



amulet — made for those who are Mohammedans — of a few 
verses of the Khoran, or Mohammedan bible, wrapped in .skin, 
over the door, which must be admitted is a much simpler and 
cheaper way than ours. 

If a horse or donkey is ill he is dosed with raw pork, but a 
human being has for medicine a few verses of the Khoran, 
made soft in water. — St. Nicholas. 



a-OBEiji3srs. 



THE 



AMONG the curiosities of Paris, is a manufacture of tapestry, 
which is sustained as a sort of plaything by the nation. It 
is called the manufactory of the Gobelins, from the name of the 
dyers who commenced the work in ancient times, and established 
here their dye-house for coloring their worsted yarns, with 
which the i)ieces of lapestry were wrought. The most beauti- 
ful paintings are placed as patterns by the tapestry weavers, 
who rival the Chinese in fidelity and exactness of imitation. 
An artist of spirit who may have the genius to design and 
finish a piece of painting on canvas, could hardly be brought 
to spend one and often two years, in copying the same picture 
by inserting small bits of colored worsted, particle by particle, 
by means of the slow and tedious labors of the loom. Tapes- 
try weaving must remain an imitative art inttead of one that 
can confer honor on an artist for any orisinality, or bold 
touches of genius in the art of designing. Even at the mod- 
erate wages paid the workmen here, the cost of a single sheet 
of tapestry frequently exceeds $1,400, and several years are 
required to complete it. So bright, vivid, and well blended 
are the colors of the worsted thread, that few persons at the 
distance of three or four yards would suppose them to bo the 
product of the loom. The frame that contains the extended 
warp, is placed in a perpendicular position, and the workman 
is .seated behhid the frame; carefully arranged by his side, are 
hundreds of little bobbins of worsted, of every imaginable 
color, the shades of which are so well blended and approx- 
imated to each other, that one can hardly tell where one termin- 
nates or another begins. These bobbins he skillfully selects and 
holds near the picture which he is copying to compare the tints. 
Thread by thread he proceeds, and after satisfying himself 
in the selection of the color, he inserts a piece of worsted yarn, 
perhaps in some spots not longer than one eighth of an inch, 
using the bobbin itself instead of a shuttle, to pass the worsted 
filling in and out between the threads of the war|5. After 
effecting this oj)eration, he breaks off' the yarn and crowds it 
in between the thread and the warp, by the teeth of a comb. 
He then ceeks again for another tint to correspond with the 
picture before him. The warp or chain is composed of white 
woolen threads, and the weft, of all shades of colors that are 
prepared on the easel of the painter. The thi-eads of the warp 
are not opened by means of treadles, or harness to allow the 
filling to be shot between them, as is common in weaving; 
nor is a .slaie or reed employed to press down or close the 
threads of the weft, after it is drawn in among the threads 
of the warp; Ijut the artist uses for this purpose oidy a 
sort of a comb, the teeth of which, after every operation of 
inserting a little piece of yarn, are employed to jiress it down 
and close it together in the work. It is so delicately composed 
that the outlines show no angular uneven edges; the surface of 
the ta|ies6ry being nicarly as smooth and clo.se as that of the 
oil painting from which it is cojjied. This establishment is 
sujiiiortod at the national charge; the sheets of tapestry are 
used as ornaments of the royal ])alaces, and as royal gifts. 





S58 



or TJ "^ S l>r 1 11. E I3SrSTI?.TJGTOI?.. 



2.^ 




^h^ Jfttuetiile ||iifjfntct0r. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 




SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1874. 

EDITOI?.I^L THIOTJG-HITS. 

TIV if^ it that people, calling themselves 
Jjatter-daj- Saints, are so fond of reading 
the low. trashy newsjiapers puhlished in 
the United States? We learn from Broth- 
er Jaules lawyer, of this eity, who deals in 
papers, liooks and stationery, that during 
the year 1873, his newspaper list amounted 
to thirteen thousand jjer month, and the 
larger portion of these were what are called 
"stiiry" papers, and were taken by Latter-day 
Saints, sd-called. At the present time he sells 
cvcrij week four hundred copies of the New 
York Ledger, also about three hundred copies 
of the New York Weekly, and as many of a 
paper called ,'Salunlai/ Niglit. The purchasers of 
these papers are principally Latter-day Saints, very 
few people who do not belong to the Church buying 
them ! This is the business done at one establish- 
ment only. 

Is not this astonishing? But this is not all. Brother Ihvyer 
informs us that he could increase these sales immen.^ely if he 
ehose to do so. Some days, he says, he refuses subscriptions 
by the dozen for this class of papers! Tlie jiopular taste 
among the Latter-day Saints .«eems to be altogether in favo'' 
of the lying narratives published in the.«e sheets. Many of 
tlie.se stories, though fal.-;e in every particular, have not even 
the merit of being well tdld. They rank among the lowest 
writing in our language, and no jierson of taste, even though 
addicted to novel reading, can ]ieru.se them without being 
di.sgusted. Reading novels of the best character is attended 
with but little profit, and frequently witii direct injury; but the 
wide circulation of these "story" papers speaks very badly for 
the judgment and taste of the community who buy them. 

There are a nundiier of magazines published in the East- 
3Iany of them contain stories: but they also contain much val- 
uable reading matter. Out of one hundred and fifty of Har- 
jx'r's, sold every month by Brother l)wyer, ticeh-e only are 
taken by Latter-day Saints; the remainder are sold to non- 
^lormons. Out of seventy-five copies of Scnhner's, six only 
are taken by Latter-day Saints; and other leading magazines are 
sold in the same way. The same may be said of books contain- 
ing valuable information. The peojile of AnuM-iean Fork alone 
have purchased more books in four months at Brother Dwyer's 
store than the peoiile of Salt Lake City have in one year. 

From the above facts it will be seen that the imported read- 
ing matter which is most widely circulated among the Latter- 
day Saints is that which is of the least value and most hurtful. 
It is the reading matter which is principally read by the low 
and vulgar in the States. This speaks badly for us. If we 
must read works of fiction, pains should at least be taken to 
select the best kind. The thoughts of peoiile who read will be 
colored by their reading. Novels, stories, and works of that 
kind ajipeal strongly to the imagination. The imagination is 
inflamed l>v them. They have the same effect upon the mind 



that liquor and wine have upon the body. But if a man were 
determined to drink liquor, and could not be induced to desist 
from its use, would it not be better fir him to drink the liest 
kind than to drink the miserable, drugged stuff that is fre- 
quently called liquor? So with reading: We protest against 
novel reading in all its forms. Wc say that for children it is 
especially hurtful. But if people will read works of this kind, 
let them at least choose the best, and not buy such trash as the 
'"story" pajiers of which so many are sold. 



IT affords us much pleasure to be enabled to announce that 
we have secured the promise, from Elders John Taylor and 
Wilford Woodruff, of a series of missionary sketches for the 
fn-tlicoming volume of the JrvENfLlc iN.STRt'CTOR. This 
announcement will be gratifying to all our subscribers; for from 
their rich and varied experience they will be able to relate many 
incidents which will be of exceeding interest to all, both young 
and old, and from which valuable lessons of faith can be gained. 
Besides these, we are promised articles from the pens of 
other Elders of experience. 

Folder ( reorge M. Ottinger, who wrote the very interesting 
narrative for the In'.strcctor, entitled "A Boy's ^'oyage 
Arovuid the World,'' conceived the idea some years ago of 
devoting himself to the painting of the ruins and the scenery 
of Central America, a field entirely new, that no other artist 
had touched, and that gave in-omise of very satisfactory results 
artistically. To fully prejiare himself to do justice to these 
studies which he had marked out for hfmself, he determined 
to investigate the antiquities of that interesting region. In 
pursuing his investigations he w^as astonished at the immense 
amount of information there was to be gained ijy the perusal 
of the many works written by Spanish. English and American 
auihors upon this subject; and was esiiecially pleased to fiuil 
that from them the strongest and most comjilete jiroofs could 
be obtained of the aTUhenticity of the Book of Mormon. As 
lie read he in-ide a large collection of notes, and we have 
obtained the ]iromise from him of a series of articles upon thi- 
suliject for the Juvenile Instructor, written in a .style rh:^t 
will be adapted to the comprehension of all our readers. 

This will be a very valuable feature in our next volume, 
and should be an additional inJucemeut for our friends every- 
where throughout the Territory to subscribe for Volume Ten. 

In addition to Elder A. Bi-uce Taylor, who is our traveling 
agent in the settlements .south of this city, and for whom we 
bespeak the kind and cordial aid of our friends in the settle- 
ments wliich he wdlvi.^it, we have secured the services of Elder 
Thos. Morrell, Sen., as traveling agent in Cache '\'alley. He 
will visit all the settlements of that County and do all in his 
power to extend the suljscription for th.e Juvenile Instruc- 
tor to every family, and in which efforts we trust he will 
receive the active co-oiieration of our frien.ls in Cache. 



Unuer the Act of Congre.ss pas.sed at ihe last .■session of that 
body, and which is to go into effect on the first of J:-^.nuary 
next, the rate of iiostage fur the Juvenile In.structor for 
one year will be from seven to ten cents on eacli volume sent 
through the mails. Under the present regulations this amount 
must be prepaid by the publisher. This is a small amount to 
pay iin- one paper, but when it has to be paid on a large num- 
ber it amounts to a large sum. In enlarging the Juvenile 
In.structor at the beginning of the present volume this item 
was not taken into consideration. As it amounts to about five 
l)er cent, of the )irice received lor a sub.scription. it will be 
readily .seen that it fidls heavily on the publisher, and wher 






>JTJ^E!3SriLE IIDTSTie/TJCTOI^. 




the price is cut down as low as it can be before, comes in to 
make a loss. 

We have tliought tliat tliis (.•xiilanatiuii is due tn tlie pub- 
lisher of the Jivf:N'iLK Instructor, and now that it is 
made, the jieople will at once perceive the propriety of the 
agents asking, and of themselves paying, the small amount 
necessary to prepay the ])iistage. 



SINCE the middle of the summer we have been unable to issue 
the Instrictkk exactly according to date, and doubtle.ss 
many of the subscribers have felt some disappointment at not 
receiving ihe pajier always at the time they expected it. We 
owe them an apology for this and pmljably ought to have 
offered it before now. To meet the demand for the sung books 
for the grand Jubilee held in the New Tabernacle of this City, 
on the 24th of July, we were under the necessity of issuing 
three editions of the work within a short sjjace of time, which 
so broke in to our regular order of work that we had to 
fall behind a little in our issue of the Instructor. A nuniljer 
of causes have combined to prevent us Irom regaining the 
time lo.st as yet. but we hojie to do so before the close of the 
year. The Instructor, of course, contains no news, and does 
not becouie stale if not read when newly issued, and we there- 
fore hoiie fir the indulgence of our iiatrons in this ease, and 
shall endeavor to issue according to date in the future. 

If, through any mistake at our office, any of our subscribers 
fail to get their full comi^leuient of numbers, we shall be glad 
to have them advise us of the fact, when we will immediately 
forward their mi.-sinc numbers. 



ONE of the most elegant and complete works ot its class that 
we have seen is ■•Hill's M.xnual of Socl\l and Busi- 
ness Forms." The amount of information which it contains 
is very great and varied. It is a guide to correct writing, and 
furni.shes forms by which thought can be written ]>lainh-, 
rajiidly, elegantly and correctly in social and business life. To 
enable our readers to fm'm an idea of its contents, we (|uote 
from its title pago It embraces "'instruction and examples in 
lienuianship, spelling, use of capital letters, punctuation, 
compo.sition, writing for the press, proof-reading, notes of 
invitation, cards, commercial forms, legal business forms, 
family records, synonyms, short-hand writing, duties of secre- 
taries, parliamentary rules, sign writing, epitaphs, engravers' 
inscriptions, brush marking, job printing, postal regulations, 
writing poetry, etc., etc." The book is very elegantly printed 
and bound, and would be an ornament to any library. Brother 
Jas. England, of Plain City, Weber Co.. has the agency for 
the sale of this book in this Territory, and is canvassing for it. 



Ill: 4J|«^;fE^tt% 







Liixii ago there liv^'.l ujion this continent races of men that 
have peri.shed. We .ead about .some of them in the 
Book of Mormon. The iire.sent Indians are descendants of 
some of these ancient races. It is not quite certain that the 
rt mains fif works of art that are found in these valleys were 
made by the Nephites, but still they are interesting as early 
evidences of the ■civilization of by-gniie ages, of which, ])er- 
lis, they are the only authen,ic njemorials. 



Among other things preserved in our Museum, are vases, 

jugs, bowls, and other utensils, made of potter's- ware. Some 
are quite equal to' things of the same kind found in Central 
America and other parts of the country. By examination of 
some fragments of ware it is apparent that the potter's wheel 
was in u.se here; ware was also jiainted and glazed. As to the 
figures and colors, they would show some ac(iuaintance with 
works of art made in Asia, if we may judge by the resem- 
blance to similar work done there in ancient times. One bowl, 
found by a clever little girl in one of our settlements, and 
rescued from destruction, is painted in imitation of the te.sse- 
lated pavement of the ancients; another found at Santa Clara 
is shaped, figured and colored like the old Egyptian ware; 
another has a collet shaiied like some of the old Etruscan 
ware. Some of the more common jugs have evidently been 
molded inside of basket-work and then burned, as they retain 
the form of the basket; others have been made by hand and 
carved while soft, so as to imitate the basket-work. Some 
vessels have been large enough to hold several gallons, with 
handles to them; one of this kind had originally a spout some- 
what like that of a tea-kettle. One square dish has been 
shaped at the corners .so as to make it convenient to jiour out 
its contents readily; this is colored black, red and yellow, the 
figure at the bottom of the inside being a rude representation 
of a flower of singidar but regular shape. It appears that in 
olden times pottery nuist have been very abundant, and some 
of it very beautiful, judging by the fragments. One specimen 
of glaze taken from souie old pottery shows that it was made 
with lead and endiellished with gilt work. Spoons are also 
shown here, but they appear to have been made of potsherds, 
or fragments of pots, very likely by modern Indian-, Letter 
tablets are also seen, bored through one end so as to be sus- 
pended by a string, nerhaps for ornaments. Handles of vases 
and jugs have been found in this city, some of which show 
considerable ability; some fragments from the mounds west of 
Jordan are very .^^killfully and even elegantly .shaped, ( )f course 
other specimens will be found, and, it is to be hiqied they will 
be preserved, so that we may be able to learn more and more 
about the Indians of the past. 

Then there are nulls made of granite, trachyte and other 
hard rocks, with rubbers, made of equally hard substances, for 
].ulverizing the various .seeds that were used fiu' food. One 
large mill nearly two feet long and a foot thic4v is worn half 
through with rubbing. Some mills are made of red .san(^lstone, 
almost as hard as flint. Oreat knowledge of the various rocks 
must have been attained to by the ancients, for they are little 
changed by exposure to weather, perhajjs for centuries. 
There are also pe.st'es and mortars, for which like care has been 
taken in .selecting suitable stones. The same may be said of 
hammers that were used. As to arrow-heads made of stone, 
great ingenuity has been used in making thenu and advantage 
taken by the manufacturer of the peculiar cleavage of the 
different suljstances used. Knives, scrapers, chisels, tools for 
dressing skins, and many other specimens of early tools, orna- 
ments in beads, earrings, tablets, charms, bodkins, shells, 
beads, pipes of clay, ,slate and rock, and quite a nuudjer of 
other curiosities pertaining to the Indians of the |iast are jire- 
.served, about which a great many things may be said at some 
future time, in conn,-ction with the manners and customs of 
the foimer inhabitants of tliesi' vallevs. 



T'lIK light of frirnd-hip is like llie light oi' i)ho-|iho. us, .st'cn 
lilainest when m11 aioniid is dnrk 





S60 



J-TJ^EHSriLE i:]SrSTI?.T70T0I^ 




i^OK/E! j^BOTJT ^vvi?.Ensrs. 




OF all the motherly little gentry prominent in bird circles, 
none find a more cordial entrance int<i our hearts than 
those famous musical trillers, the wrens. Their life seems a 
perpetual song. All manner of pleasant privileges are gladly 
accorded them, and no country home seems quite complete 
unless their merry twitterings are heard, as flitting in and out, 
eyeing with curious interest and confidence the ways and 
m a n n e r s of _ 

their neighbors 
of the human 
househ old, 
they devote 
themselves to 
the charge ot 
their own 
quaintly con- 
structed habi- 
tations. Ifthey 
are fortunate in 
finding a l^jund ■ 
ation already 
laid, they are 
not slow in ac- 
cepting the sit 
nation provi- 
ded, and with 
bu.sy t h r i f t 
complete the 
snug home, and 
deposit the 
small white 
eggs, some- 
times half a 
dozen, often 
ten. These 
measure seven 
lines and a half 
in length, by 
si.K lines in 
in breadth. 
What a crowd 
ed, busy home! 

A line is the 
twelfth part of 
an inch. 

This family 
of feathered 
friends are bur- 
dened with a 
long, inharmo- 
nious, .scientific 
name — Troglo- 
dytes — b u t it 
e X 1) r e s s e s a 

pretty .shyness fir which they arc noted; strictly, "a diver into 
caves." Wrens have a decided fancy for building in retired 
corners, in crevices and niches, removed from prying curio.sity. 
Themselves so hidden, they fancy they are not observed, but 
their glad songs reveal the secret. It was so at the Briar farm 
one summer not long ago. The merry coujile hopped about, 
never knowing the interest their c<iming had excited, or how 
their Sittings were watched to note where they would build 

d rear their brood. After nnich jieering about in odd cor- 




ners, an old hat, one that Tim, the gardener, had tossed to the 
wall, was sjiied out, and directly there was a deep consultation. 
It had been caught by a depending branch and at once offered 
unusual attractions; crushed and crumpled as it was, it proved 
to them a most charming country home. It so chanced tha'' 
a branch, blown by heavy early winds, had cast about the old 
gray felt its wealth of twigs, and when the leaves unfolded, lo! 
there was an arbor fit for a fairy queen. The happy pair flew 
and out, making ready for summer cares, and not many 

weeks passed 
by before the 
birdlings were 
rejoicing in the 
breath of 
spring. Snug- 
ly they cuddled 
up together on 
their bed of 
feathers, hun- 
gry enough and 
devounng all 
the dainty bits 
that both fath- 
er and mother 
could supply. 
When this little 
company had 
quite grown up, 
ihey took wing 
on their own 
account, travel- 
ing to see the 
sights, and the 
J o 1 d folks at 
/' home re-uphol- 
stered and pre- 
pared for a sec- 
ond brood, who 
in turn looked 
out upon the 
world and in 
due time sang 
their own love 
songs and min- 
istered to their 
own nestlings. 
When winter 
comes it is not 
unusual to find 
small compan- 
ies of wrens so- 
cially gathered 
in one nest, 
trying to keep 
each other 
warm. It is 

supposed that they may be one summer's familj', and usually 
that would count up to a score or more. Considerable chatter- 
ing and flurry accompany their night arrangements, and even 
after they are fairly settled, one and another, with a droll 
a.ssumption of care, will peep out from the ne.st door to see 
if all is right, a sort of self-constituted night-police. 

The entire length of the wren is sometimes less than four 
inches, and JIamuia Wren is a trifle smaller than her liege 
lord. In color a rich reddish-brown prevails, lighter somewhat 





vJTJ^En^ILE I3srSTI?.UOTOI^ 



261 




on the under surface of the body, and again darkening into 
duskier hues upon the quill feathers on the wing and tail. 
Bars of reddish-brown spots ornament both wings and tail. 
The legs, toes, and claws are light brown. The boak is rather 
slender, slightly curved and pointed. In their structures 
wrens always try to build a dome-like home. Their architectural 
designs are, however, almost always modified by the selection 
of place and material at hand, but they instinctively arrange 
to shield the family from rain, and secure protection from 
enemies. A side or elevated entrance is an essential in their 
plans. 

There is no winter in their hearts ; even when the frosty 
days come on, they have songs of gladness; good cheer and a 
hearty content, is the burden of their daily carol. 



Ti^^iisrinsra- tjjp j^ boy. 

ADVICK TO P.VRENTS — IROMC.iL. 




HAVE you a boy from five to eight j-ears old? If so, it is a 
matter of the greatest importance that you train him up 
aright. Teach him from the start that he can't run across the 
floor, whoop, chase around the back yard, or use up a few 
nails or boards to make carts or boats. If you let him chase 
around he'll wear out shoes and clothes, and nails and boards 
cost money. 

Train him to control his appetite. Give him the smallest 
piece of pie; the bone end of the steak; the small potatoe, and 
keep the butter knife out of his reach. By teaching him to 
curb his appetite you can keep him in good humor. Boys are 
always good humored when hunger gnaws at their stomachs. 
If he happens to break a dish, thrash him for it; that will 
mend the dish and teach him a lesson at the same time. 

If you happen to notice that your boy's shoes are wearing 
out, take down the rod and give him a peeling. These shoes 
were purchased only ten miinths ago, and though you have 
worn out two pairs of boots during that time, the boy has no 
right to be so hard on shoes. By giving him a sound thrash- 
ing you will prevent the shoes from wearing out. 

When you want your boy to go on an errand, you should 
state it, and add: 

"Now; ) i 1 as j'ou can, and if you are gone more than 

five minutes,. . , cut the hide oft" your back." 

He will recognize the necessity of haste, and hurry up. 
You could not do the errand yourself inside of fifteen minutes, 
but he is not to know that. If you want him to pile wood, 
the way to address him is thus: 

f ''Now, see here, Henry, I want every stick of that wood 
piled up before noon. If I come home and find you haven't 
done it, I'll lick you till you can't stand up!" 

It is more than a boy of his .size can do in a whole day; but 
you are not to blame that he is not thirteen years old instead 
of eight. 

If you hear that any < no in the neighborhood has broken a 
window, stolen fruit, or unhinged a gate, be sure that it was 
your boy. If he denies it, take down the rod, and tell him 
you will thrash him to death if he doesn't "own up," but you 
will spare him if he does. He will own up to a he to get out 
of a thrashing, and then you can talk to him about the fiite of 
liars and bad boys, and end by saying: 

"Go to bed, now, and in the morning I'll attend to your 
case. 

If you take him to meeting and he looks around, kicks the 
seat or smiles at some boy acciuaintance, thra.sh him the 
moment you get home. He ought to have been listening to 



the sermon. If he sees all the other boys going to the circus, 
and wants fifteen cents to take him in, tell him what awful 
wicked things circuses arc; how they demoralize boys, how he 
ought to be thrashed for even seeing the procession go by; and 
then when he's sound asleep, do you sneak off", pay half a 
dollar to go in, and come home astonished at the menagerie 
and pleased with the wonderful gymnastic feats. 

Keep your boy steadily at .school, have work for him every 
holiday; thrash him if he wants to go fishing; restrain hig 
desire for skates, kites and marbles; rout him out at daylight, 
cold or hot; euif his ears for asking questions; make his clothes 
out of your cast-off" garments, and you will have the sati.sfac- 
tion, when old and gray-headed, of knowing that you would 
have trained up a useful member of society had he not died 
just as he was getting well broken in. — Selected. 



■W^^nSTTEID j^. C3-TJ3Sr. 

OVKR fifty years ago, a youth, working on a farm, asked his 
father to give him money enough to buy a gun. The old 
man could not spare it ; but the boy, nothing daunt«d, found 
an old piece of iron about the place, and in the course of time 
contrived to make a gunbarrel out of it, with the very meagre 
facilities aff'orded by a country blacksmith's shop. He had 
not the materials to make a lock and stock, so he walked to 
the nearest town and traded for the necessary attachments, 
and was encouraged by the smith for ha'S'ing made so good a 
shooter. This gave him ambition to make another; so he 
went to cutting out grindstones from the native rock to raise 
the money for gun materials, and in a short time there was a 
considerable demand for guns of his make. During the French 
war with Prussia he was called upon to furnish guns for the 
army, and in less than eig^ht months he made and delivered to 
the government of France, rifles of a particular pattern, costing 
$5,000,000, which amount was duly paid. The same man 
furnishes rifles now for the United States, South America, 
Rome, Spain, Egypt, and Japan. The farmer's boy who wanted 
a gun is Eliphalet Remington, of Ilion, N. Y. His manufac- 
tory covers four acres of ground, and he employs 1,200 men. 
Not satisfied with this achievement, he has recently completed a 
sewing machine, which is reported to represent the latest and 
most perfect advance in the improvements of this important 
adjunct of domestic economy. This is the type of a boy who, 
when there is not a wav, makes a way for himself. 



Without an Enemy. — Heaven help the man who imagines 
he can dodge enemies by having to please everybody. If such 
an individual ever succeeded, we should be glad of it — not that 
one should be going through the world trying to find beams to 
knock and thump his poor head against, disputing every man's 
opinion, fighting and clawing, and crowding all who diff"er with 
him. That, again, is another extreme. Other people have a 
right to their opinions — so have you; don't fall into the error of 
suppo.sing they will respect you more for turning your coat every 
day to match the colors of theirs. Wear your own coat in spite 
of winds and weather, storms and sunshines. It costs the 
vacillating and irresolute ten tunes the trouble to wind and 
shuttle, and twist, that it does honest, manly independence to 
stand its ground. 



No man can truly feel for the jioor without feeling in his 
pocket. 





JU'VEISriI-iE IISrSTI^/TJCTOK. 






BOOK OF JUDGES. 




LESSON LXXIV. 

Q._\Vliat book comes after tlie Book of Joslnui? 

A.— Tie Book of Jutlge?. 

Q,_Hi.w many of the tribes went up to war against tbe Canaan- 
ites? 

A.— Two. 

Q. — Whicb v,-ore thej'? 

A.— The tribes of Judah and Simeon. 

Q._-V\'hat was tlie name of the people they destroyed with the 
Canaanites? 

A. — The Perizzites. _ 

y.— What was the name of the king tliat fled? 

A. — Adoni-bezek. 

Q - Wliat did they do to Adoni-bczek after they pursued liim 
and captured liim? 

A.— Tliey cut off his thumbs and his great toes. 

Q.— What did Adoni-bez^k say when they did this to him? 

A.— "As I have done, so God has requited me." 

Q — Wliy did lie say this' 

A.— Brcau.se he had cut otf the thumbs and great toes of many 
kings. 

Q.— IIow Urge a numbei? 

A. — Three score and ten. 

Q. —What did these kings do after having their thumbs and 
great toes cut oft? 

A.— They gathered meat under the table of Adoni-bezek. 

O— Where did they take Adoni-bezek? 

A. — To Jerusalem. 

Q.— What haiipenod to him there? 

A. — He died. 

Q.— How long did the children of Israel serve the Lord? 

A.— All the days of the elders that outlived Joshua. 

Q.— Why were these elders faithful and obedient? 

A.— Because they had seen all' the great wm-ks of the Lord 
that he did for Israel. 

Q. — Wliat did the ne.xt generation do tliat had not known these 
things'" 

A.— They did not live in the sight of the Lord. 

Q.— What did they do to displease the Lord? 

A. — They forsook the Lord God of their fathers, and followed 
the gods of the people round about them. 

Q. — AVhat did the Lord do in his anger against them? 

A. — Ue delivered them into the hands of spoilers and sold them 
to their enemies round about. 

Q. — When Israel repented and cried unto the Lord, what did 
He do? 

A. — He raised up judses from time t<i time. 

Q. — For what reason were the Pliilistine.^ and other nations suf- 
fered to reuuiin? 

A. — Tlnit tlirough them tlie Lord miglit prove Israel, whether 
they would keep Hi.- conimandinents. 

Q. — Who was it tliat ibdiveri'd Israel from the king of Mesopo- 
tamia? 

A.— Othniel, Caleb's nepliew. 

Q. — What i> said camo upon liim? 

A.— The Spirit of the Lord. 

Q.— What did he then do? 

A. — He judged Israel, and went out to war. 

Q. — How long did the land have rest? 

A. — Forty years. 

Q.— Who delivered Israel from Eglon tin- king of Moab? 

.v. — Khud. the son of Gera, a Benjamite. 

Q.— AVho delivered iM-ael from the Thilistines? 

A — SliMiiigar. 




onsr THE 



11 E I G N OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXIV. 

Q. — Where did Lamoni and Ammon go after the meeting with 
Lamoni's father? 

A. — They proceeded toward the land of Middoni. 

Q. — Were they successful in procuring the liberty" of Amnion's 
brethren? 

A. — Yes, they were immediately liberated. 

Q. — What were Amnion's feelings when he saw his brethren? 

A. — He was exceedingly sorrowful. 

Q.— Why was this? 

A. — They were naked and were sore through being Dound with 
cords. 

Q. — Did they murmur liecausethey were thus treated? 

A. — No; they were patient in all their atfiictions. 

Q. — After Ammon and his brethren separated on the borders of 
the land where did Aaron go? 

A. — He went to the land called Jerusalem. 

Q. — What was the name of the great city built bj- the Laman- 
ites. 

A. — Jerusalem. 

Q. — AVho had assisted in building this city? 

A. — Tlie Amalekites and Amulonites. 

Q. — Who were the most hard-hearted of these people? 

A. — The Amalekites and the Amulonites were inore wicked 
than the Larnanites. 

Q. — Where did Aaron tirst begin to jireach? 

A. — 1,1 the synagogues of the Amalekites in the city of .Jerusa- 
lem. 

Q. — A.-~ Aaron was preaching on a certain occasion what hap- 
pened? 

A. — An Amalekite rose to dispuie with him. 

Q.- -When he began to explain the Scriptures to the people 
what did they d^i'? 

A. — Thej- mocked him. 

Q.— When he ]ierceived the hardness of their hearts what did 
hi- do? 

A.— He left the city. 

Q. — Where did he next go? 

A. — To the village of .-Vni-Anti. 

Q. — Whom did he meet there? 

A. — Muloki, and Amnah and his brethren. 

O.— When they saw the wickedness of the ]ieo]de there, what 
did they do? 

A. — They left and went to the land of Jliddoui. 

Q. — What success attended their eftbrts to preach the truth in 
that land? 

A. — They preached to many and a few believed them. 

Q. — What was done to Aaron and a number of his brethren? 

A. — Tliey were cast into prison. 

Q.— What did the rest of them do? 

A.— Tliey fled out of the land. 

Q. — When those who were imprisoned were liberated b}- Am- 
mon and Lamoni where did they go? 

A. — They preached in every synagogue or asseinblj- where they 
were admitted. 

Q. — What success did they have? 

A. — The Lord brouglit many to a knowledge of the truth and 
many repented. 

Q. — After Amnion had released his brethren where did he and 
Lamoni go? 

A. — They returned to tlie land of Israel. 

Q. — What did Lamoni do after his return? 

A. — He caused a synagogue to be built. 





GTTJ^T'HJItTirGE] IIsrSTI?.TJCTOI^ 



S63 




^( 



I^XjETJIRS. 




THE tollowing aeeiiunt of the couipanitively unheard of, over- 
wlielmed city of Pleurs. from a seventy-year old book on 
the destruction of Alpine villages, in the jiublic library at 
Zurich, and from a visit to the place where Pleurs stood, is 
ssnt to the Chiesso Tribune by 3Ir. Alpha Child, now in Italy: 

In a charming situation on the River Maira, a few miles 
before it flows into Lake Como, and but little distance ^?<juth 
of the Swiss border by the Splugen Pass, lies the city of 
Chiavenna. An hour's walk from there toward the Pass of 
Maloggia, eastward, up the beautiful bank of the Jlaira, 
brings one to a place where a greater number of human beings 
were once buried alive by avalanche than anywhere else known 
in the world. Even in Pompeii, as is supposed, less than a 
thousand people were overt-jken tiy the fier\' deluge from 
^^esuvius. But here three times that number were over- 
whelmed, with all their signs of life and civilization. And all 
were buried forever. There has never been any excavation at 
this place. 

Pleurs was the name of a place where from 2,500 to .3,000 
prosperous and happy peojile lived. It was one of the gayest, 
richest, mo.st pleasure-loving little cities of Lombardy. Hang- 
ing above it was a mountain 4,000 feet high; not very high for 
that region, but high enough, and very much too steep for tlie 
stuff it was made of It was called 3Iouut Conte : the half of 
it which still standing, with one side abrupt and periiendicular, 
is still known by the same name. On the night of the 4th of 
September, 1013, it split in two from base to apex, and the 
half of it that you dou't see lies a wide-spread grave-mound, 
over the deeply buried little city. 

This tremendous and terrible avalanche was .so instantaneous, 
it closed in the extreme outside houses so entirely, it was so 
complete and overwhelming, that it was impossible to discover 
the least vestige of Pleurs remaining. And the substance that 
fell upon it was a mountain-side forest, and an immense depth 
of broken rock and earth, so that any effort to uncover any 
jiart of it must have cost vastly more than the value of any- 
thing to be found, as nothing could have been found but houses 
splintered flat to the streets, and about three thousand mashed 
corpses. 

The unfailing restorative powers and all-veiling gentleness 
of nature have caused soil to accumulate upon, and vegetation 
to cover, both the deep cleft side of the half-mountain that 
stands and the half that lies prostrate. A straggling forest of 
chestnut trees, in the more earthy places, cover the site, with 
clumps of wortlelierry bushes among the rocks ; yet the vast- 
ness and manner of the ruin are plainly distinguishable. Enor- 
nious, singular blocks of rock broken by the fiiU, some sixty 
feet thick, are heaped in the most frightful confusion. Here 
and there a hut is seen, where some one subsists over this 
unmarked' graveyard, and a forlorn looking chapel stands at 
one side. Below, the valley is wooded without sign of habita- 
tion — perhaps because another suspiciiiusly-stecp mountain is 
there; but, a mile or two beyond that, are farms. Other 
mountains twice as high as these, f'l.Oiid or ToOO feet, aris(! on 
either side, behind, in picturesque peaks and outlines; and on 
the opposite side of the Maira is one of the most beautiful 
cascades in the world, entirely unheard of in books or in travel, 
for aught I know; it falls over a .succession of ledges in four 
broad, thin sheets each GO to 100 feet wide, and about as deep. 
The valley is banked up by a snowy range at the north. Such 
was the land.scape to the eyes of the people of l^lcurs, except 
the first part of it — and .such it is, first jiart and all, to the fev/ 



who have heard of Pleurs, and turn aside an hour or two from 
going down into Italy from the Splugen I'ass. to stand upon 
the melancholy scene— the vast grave of 3,000 people. It was 
called Pleurs, or "the town of tears, "because, .strange to think 
of, it was situated u]ion the broad, earthy tomb of another 
village, which had itself been overwhelmed by alike catastrophe! 
But that was many hundred years earlier, and I am told there 
are no remaining accounts of it; only the bare fact is known, 
and the record borne by the name of the town that succeeded 
it. Yet the mountain from which that ancient avalanche slid 
away displays the ruin wrought up(3n it more distinctly than 
JMount Conte, which overwhelmed Pleurs. Instead of leaving 
generally a suiface of earth, which could become converted 
into soil and spring into vegetation, as on Mount Conte, 
this mountain on the other side was of remarkable different 
formation. Its steep, towering wall is a mass of broken 
flaky rock, in thin, horizontal la3-ers. This gives its vast 
broken front a comparatively fresh appearance as viewed from 
the other, and the visitor would suppose that the avalanche 
came from that side ; but the fiict is clearly known to the con- 
trary. 

It seems singular that in those old times — the beginning of 
the seventeenth century — rich gentlemen and nobles, fashion- 
able people and .successful merchants, should have had the 
same way we have of going with their families to summer 
resorts. But the old Romans, we know, had their country 
villas ; Cicero speaks of retiring to his suburban abode — to his 
'"books, and tablets, and literary leisure;" and perhaps we 
have very little that is new in our ways of life. But well 
recorded circumstances relative to Pleurs show that on that 4th 
of September, 1613, there were a few hundred more people in 
town than the resident population, and they were summer- 
visitors. A party of these, re.sidents of Milan, had gone down 
Chiavenna two or three days before, on account of excessively 
stormy weather, intending to return to Milan if it continued. 
But the 4th of September was a clear charming day, giving 
promi.se of prolonged pleasant weather, and they .set out in the 
afternoon to go back to Pleurs. On approaching the town, 
they were alarmed at seeing several slides of gravel and rocks 
to the rear of it, and finding that some of the vineyards 
had been buried from the same cause. Fearing a general 
avalanche, mo.st of them returned to Chiavenna, but .some 
^ept on. There were also lierdsmen of the valley, living on 
the high pastures of the mountains to the rear attending the 
cattle, as they do to this day in the summer season. Some 
of them started to come down to the town the same afternoon 
to dispose of dairy-produce that had accumulated, but, on 
ajiproaching it, hastened away, having seen strange move- 
ments taking place, and alarming .=ym])toms of some great 
convulsion. From such sources the premonitory movements 
toward the catastrophe became afterwards known — a catastro- 
phe that spread mourning to the region around, and horror 
throughout Northern Italy. 

Excessively wet weather had ju-evailed several days. On 
the 2d and 3d of September the rain came down as a deluge. 
During the night of the third it cleared up; the sun arose 
brightly, and the town awoke to its busv occui)ations and 
joyous modes of life. During that aftei'noon new fissures 
were seen forming in Mount Conte, and an intei'nal cracking 
noise was heard. But all this was out from the town, on the 
short jilaiii that lay lietween it and the foot of the mountain. 
A jieasant, digging in the garden there, noticed that garden 
and hut were moving slowly out from the mountain, and that 
springs of water had all at once ceased to flow; and it oecurred 





S6i 



OrU^EItTirjE IltTSTI^TJOTOI?/ 




to him that it was ahont time to leave. But it is impossible 
that any unusual cause for alarm could have been much known 
in Pleues. A little after sundown, which was bright and 
glorious, the pine forest of the mountain absolutely reeled; 
birds flew screaming away; the cattle grazing between the town 
and the mountain were seized with terror, probably feeling 
the ground tremble beneath them, and stampeded, bellowing, 

out of the valley. 

These dread warnings ot some mighty convulsion became 
so extraordinary, it is probable that consternation and move- 
ments for e.scape became prevalent in the t«wn when night 
set in; but of this nothing was ever known. Perhaps they 
were engaged in revels for the night; for they were a sprightly, 
volatile community. Perhaps this time they laughed till they 
cried : and there was another good reason for calling the place 
Pleurs, Perhaps they still felt as happy and .'ecure as the 
inhabitants of Pompeii when Vesuvius burst out upon them ; 
undoubtedly they were much more innoc;'nt. But just then 
the lid of their vast sepulchre fell. 

Half of Mount Conte, straight up, three-fourths of a mile 
high, came down. A crash, a shudder, a roar, felt and heard 
afar over the country, and then a solemn stillne.ss all night. In 
the morning, a cloud of dust or vapor hung over the valley, 
and at Chiavenna the iieople wondered what had become of 
their river; for, from there up, the bed of the Maira was dry. 
The mountain had fallen across the valley, forming an immense 
reservoir for the stream to fill before it might flow on, and the 
little city of Pleurs, with the village of Celano, had wholly 
disappeared forever. 

Great numbers of laborers were collected some time after- 
wards, and attempts at excavation were made ; but the 
tremendous masses of rock that lay wedged and heaped to the 
depth of 300 "to 400 feet, bafiled all appliances for removal. 
There was a very old stone cathedral in Pleurs, not large, but 
rich in jilate and sacred ornaments. There are al.so two or 
three n(j))les' palaces, and it was altogether a rich and 'noble 
town. Skilled engineers and miners came and "prospected" 
for recovering the treasure ; but abandoned it, finding it must 
cost immensely more to get at them than they could possibly 
be worth. Perhaps, with our improved mechanism for such 
works, a stock comjiany will some day be formed for the 
recovery of the Pleurs treasurer, and its shares go up to l.JO, 
and get all sold out, and then nothing ever be done about it ; 
not unless you are able .to findout something- more than I 
could at Chiavenna about what was in that cathedral and those 
]];daces. But there, in some foi'm or another, it all lies; 
cathedral, communion-service, candle-sticks, cattle, merchan- 
dise, proilucts of mechanism and art, jewels, nobles, ])easants, 
merchants, ladies, babes, hovels, villas. 




ll(_i\v Ti.) Cl.l.MB Tkeks. — Somebody who jirobably knows, 
says: in South America even the weakest may be not uncom- 
monly seen plucking the fruit at the very tree top. If the 
bark is so smooth and slijipery that they can not climb they 
xise other means. They make a hoop of wild vines, and put- 
ting their feet inside they use it as a sujiijort in climbing. The 
negro of the west coast of Africa makes a large lioop around 
the trees, and gets inside of it and jerks it up the trunk with 
his hands a little at a time, drawing his legs up aft«r him. 
The Tahitian boys tie their feet together, tour or five inches 
apart with a piece of palm bark, and with the aid of this tetter 
go up the cocoa palms to gather nuts. The native women in 
Australia climb the gum tree after opo.ssums. AVherc the bark 
ough they cho|i holes with a hatt-het; then mie throws about 



the tree a rope twice as long as will go around it, puts her 
hatehet on her chopped head, and placina her feet against the 
tree and grasping the rope with her hands, she hitches it up 
by jerks, and pulls herself up the enormous tree almost as fast 
as a man can climb a ladder. 




petriti. 



^TES J^ISTHD 2SrO. 



My dear little children. 

I think I may guess 
That you have learned early 

The way to say yes. 
Now that is a good word, 

Kept strictly for use. 
But bad as it can be 

To lie about loose! 
All sorts of disasters 

Behind it will press, 
So be careful, m3' little ones, 

How you say yes ! 

And there is another word 

That you can spell, 
I'll dare say, but may be 

Can't use very well. 
It will keep you from debt, 

And will keep you from drink. 
And will help you to stand 

When you are ready to sink 
My lad, have it ready 

Whenever you go. 
And in time of need, speak it 

Out manfully, No! 



m^ Ti^j^jD E 



BY .r. B. BEAN. 



I .VM composed of 12 letters: 
My 2, 10, 12 is good to eat; 
My 4, 2, 4, 4, 2, 0, is a seasoning; 
My 4, 7, 0, 6, is a good fruit; - 
3Iy 10, 2, 11, 0, 12, 7, is the name of a male person; 
My 9, :i, 11, 11, 6, is a river in Asia; 
My 6. 11, 1, 7, is a name of a town in the Middle States; 
My 5, 9, 8, is a good meat; 
My whole is a lake in the United States. 



It .is more noble to make yourself great than to be born so. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Siiiffle Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

J^~OfBce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




