
"C^ 



VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CiTY, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 18G9. 



NO. 3. 



E ID o 3^ .A- nsr ID THE E ID o im: I T E S 



IN No. 12 of Volume 3 of the Jitv'enile Instructor we 
left our little friends, for a season, on the herders of the 
Dead Sea, having taken a very pleasant journey with them 
through various parts of the Holy Land, visiting in our travels 
Mount Tabor, Samaria — the capital of the ancient kingdom of 
Israel, Jerusalem with its pools and towers, its holy places and 
sacred shrines, its mounts and its valleys; parting with them at 
last by the side of the stagnant waters that now cover the occe 
flourishing cities of the plain. 

We now intend to mount our camel once more, and lead 
them to some 
few of the 
many places 
of interest 
that lie a- 
round us. 

How shall 
it be? Shali 
we first turn 
our faces 
north and 
visit the val- 
ley of the 
Jordan, Naz- 
areth — tiie 
home of Ma- 
ry the mother 
of Jesus, 
Mount leba 
non with its 
cedars, etc., 
or shall we 
journey south 
into the land 
where Esau's 
children 
dwelt, and, 
for a short 
time, ramble 

amid.st the city hewn in the rosks, once their chief abiding 
place? As you have been so lately told the story of how Jacob 
supplanted Esau in his father's blesbing, and the facts will bo 
fresh in your nieraniies, we will journey to Kdom first. You 
will remember that afte. E.-au had plead with his father for 
a long time for some slight share of his b'essin?, Isaac at last 
told him, to comfort him, "that his dwelling should be ol' the 
fatness of the earth, and of heaven from above, and by bis 



sword should he live, and he should serve hb brother, but that, 



I after a time when he got the dominion, he should break the 
yoke from oiF his neck. " The dwelling place thus promised 
hira is the land we are about to visit. 

If you will take a map of this portion of the world, you may 
I notice, that between the southern shore of the Dead Sea and 
the peninsula on which Mount Sinai rears its rugged form at 
the head of the Red Sea, is a tract of land marked the Wady 
Arabah. Wady means water course or val'ej'. Such places 
with us in the Rocky Mountains would generally be called 
kanyons. This spot is the ancient home of Esau, whose borders 

extended 
east almost 
to the Eu- 
phrates and 
joined the 
land of Ju- 
dah on the 
west. 

Job is sup- 
posed to have 
dwelt in this 
land before 
theEdomites 
took posses- 
sion of it, as 
his friends, 
from the 
names given 
to them, all 
appear t o 
have lived 
III adjoining 
parts. 

The first 
mention 
made of this 
country in 
the Riblo is 
in Genesis 

(xiv chap., verse) where we are told that the Iloiitos in their 
Mount Seir were .smitten by King Cliedorlaomei- and his allies. 
This last event took place in the days of the patriarch Abraham, 
at which time Edoni was called by this name, the meaning 
thereof being rugged or mountainous, and is most fitting to 
the character of the land. The lluiites are suppo.scd by many 
to have dwelt in caves in the rocks, as the Horcm, which they 
are sometimes called, moan "cave dwellers,"^ whilst Edoni 
means red. This name was given to it when Esau's descend- 







=^^ 



I 

L^9 






IS 



0" T7 "V E H^ I L E in^STI^TJaTOI^, 



7^*) 




ants took possession of the oouutiy, from their father being, 
it is generally supposed, red Laired. 

When Isiaol, under Moses, had nearly finished their forty 
years' wandering in the wilderness they camped for a season at 
Kadesh-barnea, on the borders of Edom, desiring to pass 
through Mount Seir on their way to the eastern ::ide of the river 
Jordan. Then Moses sent messengers to the Edomitish king, 
asking permission to pass through his territory, promising that 
nothing should be injured by the Hebrews in their passage. 
This favor was refused with threats of war and the assembling 
of tie warriors of Edom. Wherefore the Isiaelites turned away 
and wended their journey southward, and camped for a short 
time on the western sides of Mount Hor (yet still on the bor- 
ders of Edom. ) Here Aaron, their high priest, was taken 
from them, and they saw his face no moro, and the people 
passed around their churlish kinsmen's lands to the eastern 
border and then pressed northward to Jordan. 

About throe bundled and fifty years after this we read of a 
successful war being prosecuted by Saul, king of Israel, against 
Edom, and in the next reign, David's general, Abishai, "slew of 
the Edomites in the valley of Salt eighteen thousand. And 
he put garrisons in Edom and all the Edomites became David's 
servants." Thus were fulfilled the words of Isaac: "Thou shalt 
serve thy brother." 

Late in the reign of Jehoshaphat the Edomites rebelled, and, 
accompanied by the Moabites and Ammonites, invaded Judea, 
but signally failed. The end of this expedition is worthy the 
attention of all who seek to destroy the Israel of God. 

The invaders had reached Engedi, on the Dead Sea, and 
were preparing to pu.^h forward into the hill country of Judah, 
when Jehoshaphat gathered his people and proclaimed a fast 
throughout all his kingdom. He then went into the house of 
the Lord and called upon Him for succor and protection. 
"And all Judah stood before the Lord with their little ones, 
their wives and their children' ' pleading for mercy and divine aid. 

Then upon Jahaziel, a Levite, in the midst of this vast con- 
gregation came the iJpirit of the Lord, and he cried, "Hearken 
ye, all Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem, and thou, King 
Jehoshaphat. Thus saith the Lord unto you: be not afraid nor 
dismayed by reason of the great multitude; for the battle is not 
yours, but God's. To-morrow go ye down against them, behold 
they come up by the clifl' of Ziz. * * ■'■' Ye shall not need 
to fight in this battle: set yourselves, stand ye still and see the 
salvation of the Lord with you, Judah and Jerusalem, fear 
not, nor be dismayed, to-morrow go out against them, for the 
Lord will be with you." Then Jehoshaphat and all his people 
bowed in worship before their God. 

The next morning the people rose early, and started to meet 
their enemies. And the king, full of faith, to further encour- 
age the hearts of his subjects, cried out, as they went forth, 
"Hear me, Judah, and ye inhabit. nts of Jeru.salem, believe 
in the Lord your God, so shall ye be established: believe in 
His prophets, so shall ye prosper." A truth as applicable to 
all the world in every age, as it was to Judah and Jerusalem on 
that memorable day. Then the sweet singers of the nation 
hastened before the army sing'.ng, "Praise the Lord, for his 
mercy endureth forever." 

At that time the Lord began to fight the battle. It was not 
by the storm nor the tempest, the earthquake nor the fierce 
lightning, neither by famine nor by pestilence that he accom- 
plished (his work. But He filled the hearts of the Edomites 
and their allies with h itred to such an extent towards ea'di other, 
that they quarrelled and fought one with another. So that when 
the children of Judah arrived there was no need for them to 
fii;ht, they had none to contend with; their enemies had all de- 
stroyed each other. Thus the fear of the Lord fell upon the 
nations who serve! not God, while Judah rejoiced abundantly. 



We will continue the history of Edom in our next, and give 
a pa.ssing glance at its capital I'etra, the stony, a view of which 
we present with this article. G. K. 



J'o)- the Juvenile Instructor. 



iillU p,t0p||^^ 



A TRUE STORY — SECOND PART. 



HIS SCALDED LEG, AND HOW IT GOT BETTEK. 



to 



1\1Y dear little readers: the time has come for us again 
i'x follow the fortunes and mishaps of little George. 

Before we do so it may not be amiss to note that the year 
1SG8, like a poor, worn out o'd man, has put on its night cap 
of snow and bade us all good night forever, and to the great 
family of centuries (a century means a hundred years) we are 
making welcome a new born year, 1809, from the womb of eter- 
nity with feasting and great rejoicing. 

It has always been common in the great cities of the world 
ever since Uncle George was a little boy, and long btfore, for 
friends to wish each other a happy new year and make presents; 
accordfng to that very old custom Uncle George now wishes all 
his little friends in Utah, and everywhere else, a happy new 
year, plenty of good things to eat, new and gay clothing to wear, 
pretty toys to play with, and happy faces to greet them mer- 
rily with all the good wishes of the season. 

In No. S, Vol. 3, of the Juvenile Instructor, we left lit- 
tle George in the midst of a great misfortune. In trying to 
jjlease his kind mistress one day when she was from home, by 
cleaning up her parlor, he had scalded his leg so badly that he 
could not walk for sometime. 

Now, to get his leg better he had to sit still, and confinement 
was a new thing to him, for he did not remember the day that 
he could not run, w-dk oi jump as he pleased. He felt very 
impatient at first, and every chance he had he got down out of 
his chair to try to walk on his .-ore leg, which made it worse. 
His mistress scolded him for doing so, which she did for his 
own good, and then ho sat and cried for hours, not so much be- 
cause his leg hurt him, as that he had to be still to have it get 
better. And he ihouiiht about the kind lady, and about his 
little sister, about his poor-hou.se home and friends, and often 
wished he was in heaven with the little cripple boy. Thus he 
grieved and fretted. 

He often got near to the parlor window to sit and look out of 
doors, and then he thought he was living in a cage like the little 
bird he had bought a day or two before, and wished that some 
kind person would come and let him go free as he had the poor 
bullfinch. 

His mistress waited on him faithfully and kindly, and when 
fits of restlessness and impatience were not upon him, he felt 
how good she was to him, and thanked her in his heart. She 
got the new acquaintance to carry him up stairs to bed at nijht; 
she let him sleep in her room till his leg got better, and he was 
carried down stairs in the morning. To amuse him she taught 
him to read short lessons, and to spell little words when she had 
time. To amuse himself, when he was in a good temper, he 
counted all the things on the mantle-piece, all the furniture in 
the room, thepiincs of glass in the window, and the flagstones 
in the floor. As to the buttons on his clothes he knew each 
one, how many buttons, and exactly how many button holes it 
took for a little suit of boy's clothes. He also amused himself 



1^ 



\ki^ 



h 



^3- 




aan^^wia^pwTPwq'f i^,t.u.-j,fa*.i^p.-l|.]y 1 



cr TJ "v EI n^ I L E3 iisrsTi?>-crGToi^, 



19 



much with the cat; she was ahnost his covistant companion. 
He know exactly hew many toes and toe nails she had on each 
foot. He tried one day to count the long- hairs in her whiskers, 
but pussey would not have them counted; she bit his fingers 
and rebelled so, he had to give it up. 

In about two weeks the wound on his leg had so far healed 
that he was permitted to walk about a httle in the house lean- 
ing on one of his master's walking sticks, and in a few days 
more he might go into the yard behind the house, and then in 
a f'jw days more through the front door into the street for a 
short time. 

His close confinement to the house had taken away much of 
his former healthy and robust appearance; his free spirit had 
received a check, and he had learned to bi'come a little more 
thoughtful and a little less wild. He had often promised him- 
self that when he got better he would be a niuch better boy. 
This was one good which he had received by being scalded. 
There was also another good which grew out of it, he had be- 
come more endeared to his friends in his new home, for by 
constantly waiting on him, hearing his little complaints, and 
trying to comfort him they had learned to love him as their own 
boy. 

He now got better very fast, and one day made out to go up 
stairs into the shoemaker's shop. His friends up stairs were 
very glad to see him, inviting him to take a seat on the old 
shoemaker's bench on which he first tried to make a thread, 
and sew a shoe top. He was delighted. The old dingy shop 
looked to him bright and cheerful. He even had no more dis- 
like to the dirty shop tub, where in disgust, a few days before, 
he had mingled his tears with its dark waters. In fact the rat- 
tling and smoking, and hammering, and busy workmg with 
knife, awl, " 'taching end" and leather was such a change 
from the quiet kitclien below where he had sat so many hours 
alone, that lie wanted to clap his hands with joy, and was ready, 
even then, to go to work. 

A few days more and our little hero was nearly quite better 
and at work with a right good will, feeling more happy and 
contented in his new place, and at his new employment, than 
he had ever done before. In many ways he had gained real 
advantages through being scalded, for like many such visita- 
tions to boys and girls, and men and women, it proved to him a 
real blessing in disguise. 

Uncle George. 
[To he Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



iiiiic mmu. 



CHAPTER V, 



QOON after Willie's aiTival at home the president of the 
kJ branch in which ho resided requested him to sjiend a few 
hours each Sabbath distibuting tracts in the neighloihood of 
his father's residence. He labored in this way about two 
j'ears. Some persons treated him very kindly, others forbade 
him coming to their 'nouses, and when, they spoke to him they 
used very oJ^-isive language and refused to read the tracts or 
listen to anything about the Latter-day Saints. Willie was also 
annoyed by some boys who had fornic.ly been his playmates. 
They would follow him around the streets, iaughing and point- 
ing their fingers at him. They called him religious, and said 
anything that they thought would plague him. Those wicked 



boys soon discovered that Willie was determined to continue 
his labor and take no notice of them. When they became 
fully aware of Willie's determination, and the strength of his 
resolution they no longer sought to annoy him. 

Willie was now sixteen years old. His father again gave 
him permission to visit his Aimt Mable, and his other friends 
in Wensley Dale. He anticipated a very pleasant visit, and he 
did receive a very agreeable welcome from his friends. But he 
had not been there long, before he received a letter from home 
which had been delayed two or three days. This letter bore 
Willie some very sad tidings. It told that his father was very 
sick, and contained a request from his mother, to return home 
as speedily as possible. 

Willie felt very sorrowful, and did not know what to do. It 
was now night, and the first part of his journey for twenty 
miles was over a wild moor. Influenced by the counsel of his 
friends he concluded not to start for home till the following 
morning. He then retired to his bedroom, kneeled at his bed- 
side, and in great earnestness prayed for his father's recovery. 
There seemed to be a dark cloud over him. His mind was ill 
at rest, and in vain his eyes sought to close in sleep. 

The clock struck three. Willie had passed a sleepless night. 
Day was beginning to dawn. He rose from his bed, tried to 
eat a little bread and cheese, but he had no appetite. 

At four o'clock he was on his way. The morning was beau- 
tiful, and the flowers were opening in welcome to the first ap- 
pearing of the sun. The birds sang sweetly. The mowers were 
whetting their scythes, and their merry laugh rang through the 
valley. But Willie traveled along as though he saw not the 
beauties of the morning, the gentle flowers, or heard the song 
of the birds, or the gay laugh of the merry haymakers. 

In the afternoon he arrived at home. On entering the house 
his heart was touched with grief more bitter, and deeper than 
any that he had ever before felt. His mother and sisters were 
in tears, weeping as if their hearts would break. He looked 
around for his father, but he was not to be seen. Tlie worst of 
apprehensions rushed through his mind. For sometime no one 
spoke a word. At last Willie's eldest sister said: "Willie, 
father is dead. The funeral took place yesterday and we are 
now left in the world alone." Willie now stood almost motion- 
less. The woids that had just fallen upon his ear chilled his 
very soul. The thought that he would never see his father 
again in this life seemed to be more than he could bear. 

While Willie gazed upon the scene before him, grief choked 
his utterance. The thought occurred lo him that he must now 
try to comfort his mother in her great affliction. He felt that 
he could speak, and he told his mother to be comforted; that 
he would try to be a dutiful son, and endeavor to the utmost of 
his ability to fill the place of his honored father; that God 
had permitted this dreadful trial to come upon them, and that 
it now became their duty to acknowledge the hand of an all- 
wise Providence even in this deep distress. 

Willie had an elder brother who some years before had em- 
igrated to Nauvoo, and he now, being the eldest son at home, 
took charge of his father's business. 

The widowed mother felt proud of her son, and looked upon 
him as a gift from God, and as a prop in her declining j'cars. 

Willie's eldest sister was a noble hearted girl. She enter- 
tained no thought that conflicted with her mother's wishes; 
and she shrank from no labor that would tend to comfort iier 
fond and afflicted parent. W. AV. B. 

{To be Continued.) 



The boy who frequently puts off until to-nnrrow what ho 
should do to-day is in danger of forming a habit that will be a 
hindrance to success in all his after hie. 



')} 



.J^^ 



^ 



so 



J-TJ-^ElSriLE IlsrSTI^TJOTOI?. 



®Ti$ Su.f!i^ttil^ Ittsfpu-cfop. 






GEOKOE Q. CAIVIVOTSr, : EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1869. 




EI3IT0:E?.IJL X. T HZOTJC^IgTS. 

OJIE bo3's readily fall into the habit of us- 
ing bad language. They have very quick 
memories for cant and vulgar expression?. 
If they hear them but once, they remem- 
ber them with facility, and if they are not 
careful, they use them almost before they 
are aware of what they are saying. Boys 
are not the only ones who are thus inclined. 
If Indians, or other degraded races, mix 
with bad white men, the first words they 
generally learn are those which express bad 
feelings. They curse and swear and use other 
low, vulgar expressions, and these seem to come 
quite easy to them. Man is an imitative crea- 
ture. If he hears proper language and sees 
good examples, he is apt to imitate them; and so, 
also, if he sees and hears the opposite. But no per- 
son is justified in speaking improperly, or in doing 
wrong because others do so. Boys should watch and 
never allow themselves to utter bad language in any form. If 
they were alone in the midst of a desert, with no eye to see or 
ears to hear but God's, they should not speak improperly. They 
degrade and defile themselves by so doing, and the effect is last- 
ing. We have met with the following extract upon this subject, 
the sentiments of which please us so much that we gladly re- 
publish them. They are true, and we commend them to our 
readers: 

"We would guard the young against the use of every word 
that is not strictly proper. Use no profane expression, allude 
to no sentence that will put to blush the most sensitive. You 
know not the tendency of habitually using indecent and pro- 
fane language. It may not be obliterated from your he irt. 
When you grow up j-ou will find at the tongue's end some expres- 
sion which you would not use for any money. It was once used 
when you were quite young. By being careful, j^ou will save 
youself a deal of mortification and sorrow. Good men have been 
taken sick and become delirious. In these moments they have 
used the most vile and indecent language imaginable. Wh.'n 
informed of it after restoration to health, they had no idea of the 
pain they had given their friends and stated that they had learned 
and repeated the expression, in childhood, and though years had 
passed since they had spoken bad words, they had been indel 
ibly stamped upon the heart. Think of this when you are 
tempted to use improper language, and never disgrace your- 
selves." 



TTJ'E are pleased to learn of the progress being made by the 
V T Sunday schools throughout the Territory. The people 
generally are making rapid strides towards improvement in 
this respect. The reward tickets and books procured by many 
schools prove great incentives to the children, to punctual and 
regular attendance and diligent study; and we learn with pleas- 
ure that the superintendents and teachers of Sunday schools 
generally are adopting this mode of inducing the children to 
learn. 

By letter from Bro. Geo. Famsworth, of Mt. Pleasant, we 
learn that an examination of their Sunday school was to take 




place on Friday the 15th. He says: "Our Sunday school is 
steadily progressing, numbers increasing every Sunday, and the 
teachers are energetic. The tickets we sent for give much sat- 
isfaction and I hope we shall be able to send for more before 
long." 



WE gladly welcome Little George once more to our columns. 
Numerous have been the inquiries about him. The 
Juveniles had learned to love him, and took great interest in 
his history. They will be delighted to read about him again. 
Uncle George has been in such a position that he had to with- 
hold Little George for awhile. He now hopes to be able to 
furnish a chapter each number. We trust he will be able 
to do so. 



'BTi^:Eij^iD j^i<riD nvniLic. 



ONE morning Johnny (for that was his real name) came to 
the breakfast table and boldly said that he would not eat 
bread and milk that morning. 

"Very well, Johnny," said his mother quietly, and without 
raising her voice, "I'll set it on this high shelf. You can mn 
off to school." 

This run was along a good piece of road, and then a thort 
time through a wood, which gave John ample time to call up 
his temper and strengthen his desire not to give in. 

Accordingl}', on his return, he was all ready to assert the dig- 
nity of boyhood, and when he drew up to the table and saw 
the bread and milk set before him, he felt nerved to any wicked 
course, and decided not to give in. 

"Very well, Johnny," was the mother's calm remark, "I'll 
set it on the high shelf till you want it;" and a firm wave of the 
hand sent him from the table, and in due time he was bidden 
by an authority he could not resist, to run ofi' to school. 

That run was not so spirited as the morning run had been. 
He felt "dreadfully hollow," and had no relish for his usual 
sport of pretending to be chased by a bear, climbing, in fancied 
terror, a tree, running out on its branches, and dropping to the 
ground, only to gain another tree and act the same feat. 

On the contrary, he felt as if he would give up. He knew 
his mother never would, and admitted to himself that he should 
be glad of that bowl of bread and milk; and when he came 
dragging home at night, and the bowl was lifred down from the 
high sholf, without a word of threatening or reproach, he pret- 
ty well understood the force of calm and firm authority. 

Feeling well assured that he never would eat anything else 
until he had swallowed that oft-presented and oft-refused bread 
and milk, he just took to it as quietly as it was ofiere J, and ate 
it. And afler that he never set up his will in defiance of his 
mother's. I saw the tears of fond love gather in his eyes as he 
said: 

"My mother was a woman of good judgment, and I love to 
think how she made me obey her." 

It is such mothers whom their sons delight to honor.— *S'e?ec(e(f. 



GOODNESS.— The joy resulting from the diffusion of bless- 
ings to all around us, is the purest and sublimest that can ever 
enter the human mind, and can be conceived only by those who 
have experienced it. Next to the consoiafions of Divine grace, 
it is the most sovereign balm to the miseries ot'ilf'^ both in him 
who is the object of it, and in him who exercises it; and it will 
not only soothe and trauquilize a troubled spirit, but inspire a 
constant flow of good-humor, content, and gaiety of heart. 

Never be afraid of doing little because you cannot do much. A^ 



£N(PP^ 



ikl 



^' 



0" TJ "V^ El IsT I L EI IITSTI^TJOTOI^. 







AFTER Joseph had heard the king's dreams, he replied, 
"The dream of Pharaoh is one: God hath showed Pha- 
raoh what he is about to do. The seven good cows arc seven 
years; and the seven good ears are seven years: the dream is 
one. And the seven thin and ill-favored cows that came up 
after them are seven years; and the seven empty ears blasted 
with the east wind shall be seven years of famine. This is the 
thing which I have spoken unto Pharaoh: what God is about 
to do he showeth unto Pharaoh. Behold, there como seven 
years of great plenty throughout all the land of Egypt: and 
there shall arise after them seven years of famine; and all the 
plenty shall be forgotten in the land of Egypt, and the famine 
shall consume the land: and the plenty shall not be known in 
the land by reason of that famine following; for it shall be very 
grievous. And for that the dream was doubled unto Pharaoh 
twice; it is because the thing is established by God, and God 
will shortly bring it to pass." 




After interpreting the dream Joseph proposed a plan to the 
king by following which the land should be saved from the 
efifeets of the gre-it famine. He suggested that Pharaoh select 
a man, discreet and wise, and set him over the land of Egypt; 
and then appoint officers over the land, whose duty it should 
be to gather the fifth part of the produce of the land during 
the seven years of plenty and store it up for the king, so that 
when famine should come the king would have food for his 
people. 

The suggestions of Joseph pleased the king and his servants; 
and (he king asked them if they could find such a man as 
Joseph, a man in whom the Spirit oF God dwelt. He then 
told Joseph that forasmuch as God had showed him all this, 
there was none so discreet and wise as he, and he should be 
over his (Pharaoh's) house, and according to his word should 
all Pharaoh's people be ruled, only in the throne should Pha- 



raoh be greater than he. He set him over all the land ot 
Egypt. And Pharaoh took his ring from his hand and put it 
on Joseph's hand, and dressed him in fine linen clothes and 
put a gold c'aain on his neok. He made him ride in the second 
chariot he had; and they cried before him: "Bow the knee," 
and thus he became ruler over Egypt. He gave him a wife 
also. Her name was Asenath, and she was the daughter of 
Poti.-pherah, priest of On. 

The engraving which we herewith give is intended to repre- 
sent Joseph being proclaimed the ruler over Egypt. He is 
clothed in robes of royalty, and in his left hand he has a scepter. 

Joseph was but thirty years old when he was made ruler by 
Pharaoh — a young man for those days when men lived so much 
longer than they do now. From being a slave and the inmate 
of a dungeon he was raised to the highest position of trust and 
honor in the great kingdom of Egypt. He stood on the steps 
of the throne, and was all but a king. His history is one of the 
most remarkable ever written. We shall write more particulars 
ai)out him in future numbers. But we wish you now to fully 
understand that Joseph's prosperity was the result of his faith 
in God and his unyielding virtue. If he had not been a boy of 
faith and knowledge, his brothers would not have been jealous 
of him and sold him. Then when carried into Egypt, and 
made the chief man in Potiphar's house, he would have sunk 
into insignificance and contempt, and been of no more impor- 
tance than a chief slave in his household, if he had yielded to 
Potiphar's wife. Many boys would have thought it better to 
have bent to cireum-stances and been like their brothers, even 
if they had done wrong, than to have incurred their anger. 
If they had been in Joseph's place in Potiphar's house, they 
would have thought it better to have complied with his wife's 
wishes than to have made her angry. But Joseph was govtrned 
by principle; he was a faithful, true boy; he grew up to be a 
virtuous, honorable man. Though it seemed that misfortune 
followed him because he tried to do right, yet he know that God 
would bring him through in safety, and that he would overrule 
all things for his good. And he was not disappointed. 

llemember it, children. Never let it be forgotten by you, 
that God will deliver and bless you, and eventu illy crown you 
with honor in His presence, if you walk in purity and in truth 
before Him and never fail in keeping His commaudmcats. 



A TRIP TO CALIFORNIA, 



CHAPTER III. 



IT was customary with us, in spreading our beds on the ground 
of an evening, to place our riding and pack saddles at our 
heads. I think it was the first morning after we left Prove 
that when I arose I found the coyotes had been at work 
during the night at my pack saddle. They had gnawed and 
carried off the raw hide straps with which I fastened it. 
This was on Peteetneet Creek, where Payson now stands. 
These creatures were very numerous through that country at 
that time; but I scarcely thought they would be so daring as to 
come into camp and commit their depredations. We had a 
guard; but it is probable that Mr. Coyote had noticed that they 
were either asleep or engaged in attending to the animals. I 
knew I was a sound sleeper, loud thunder often fiviling to awake 
me, but after that occurrence I had a much higher opinion 
than before of the sleeping qualities of my bedfellow, as their 
gnawing had not disturbed him. 

Nothing of importance occurred to us in traveling through 
Juab, Round and Pauvan valleys. I found before we had left 
home many days that I had not enough clothing lor my com- 



Q^^^^- 







^ 



'"""'■■-''-'^■'"^■"^ 



a"TJ"^E3^JI-.E! IlsTSTIS/TJCTOI^. 




f3'- 



feit. By some means I had got the idea that in traveling on 
this southern route the weather would be so Tvanu that we 
would need but little clothing, and tg make my pa^'k as light as 
possible I had not brought much with me. This was partly 
true after we crossed the rim of the Basin; but I learned then, 
as I have had occasion to remark many times since, that in 
this mountainous countrj' every person who travels should go 
prepared with clothing for cold weather. 

AVhen we reached what is now known as Beaver Creek, and 
on which the settlement of Beaver is now built, we found a 
stake with Brother Charles C. Rich's name upon it, and marked 
"208 miles from Great Salt Lake City." Our trail lay across 
ihe creek; but Brother Eich had written on the stake for us to 
keep down the creek. 

Brother Eich was traveling with three Elders who had been 
appointed on missions to the Society Islands. Their names 
were Addison Pra t, James S. Brown and Hiram 11. Blackwell; 
Francis M. J'omeroy was also with Brother Eich. They were 
going (hrough with wagons, and they had traveled in the com- 
pany of a large number of gold-seekers. These latter had 
reached Great Salt Lake Valley too late in the season to go 
through to Californ'a in safety by the northern route. But 
they could not content themselves to spend the winter in this 
valley, when there was so much gold in California waiting to 
be dug by them. So they resolved to hire a guide, and go 
through by the southern route, or as it was then called , the Span- 
ish Trail. 

Captain Jefferson Hunt was the most suitable man they 
could get to be their guide. He was recommended to them by 
President Young, and they employed him. He was the senior 
captain in the ''Mormon Battalion," and when that body was 
discharged he came to the Valley by this southern route, and 
was, therefore, familiar with it. This company started from 
the city several days ahead of us. Before leaving the city an 
odometer had keen put in the wagon in which Brother A. Pratt 
and the other brethren traveled. This is an instrument fastened 
to the wheel of a carriage or wagon by which the distance 
traveled can be measured by counting the number of times the 
wheel turns. Every ten miles they had placed stakes, on which 
the distance was marked. It was on one of these stakes that 
we found Brother Eich's name written at Beaver with direc- 
tions to keep down the creek. 

I have not been down the Beaver since the time of vdiich I 
write; but we found it a beautiful stream, tolerably wide and 
rapid. We travek'd down the creek, through the kanyon and 
crossed the stream four times and came out into a valley. We 
could see the wagons some distance ahead. We found fins 
feed and we camped for the night about a mile and a half from 
the creek. Our animals being in excellent feed we did not 
start very early the next morning. There is a settlf ment called 
Minersvillc on the Beaver, and I think that we camped some- 
where near where it now stands. After traveling about two 
miles from our camp ground we met a number of men returning 
from the wagons. Tiiey told us there was no water ahead and 
the wagons were returning Cajitain Hunt had started the 
previous evening on horseback, had been out all night search- 
ing for water, but without success, and had returned completely 
exhausted. Upon hearing this news we turned down to the 
creek, unpacked and concluded to remain the day, or until we 
could see General Kich, who was with the wagons. 

Brother J. H. Eollins and another of the bojshad gone to find 
Brother Eich. Shortly after wc had camped these brethren re- 
turned, bringing with them Brothers Eich, Pomeroy and Brown. 
The meeting was a joyful one. They were as glad to see us as wc 
were to se: them. They, with Brothers Pratt and Blackwell 
and Captain Hunt, were the only Latter-day Saints in the compa- 
ny, and they did not like the society with which they had to mix 



From what I saw of the company they were traveling compan- 
ions from whom I should have separated as 'soon as possible. 
Some of them wore rough, swearing men, and when we met 
them returning they did not appear to advantage nor impress 
us favorabl}'. They were not all, however, of this kind. I 
now number among my most intimate friends one who was in 
that company. He was but a boy at that time, but he has 
since traveled extensively as an Elder of the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints and has been the means, in the 
hand' of God, of doing much tood. 

Froin General Eich we learned the cause of the stoppage 
and turning back of the company. Captain Hunt had been 
told that Ly keeping down Beaver Creek, and then striking 
across to tlic left, a shorter and better route could be found than 
by passing through Little Salt Lake Valley. He had told this 
to the ofiicers of the company, who were formed into a council 
at the start under ttie title of a Grand Council. He said if they 
chose to take the responsibility of going this route, he would 
do what he could to pi'ot them through; but he knew nothing 
about it himself, only what he had been told. They resolved 
to go the new route, and in case of failure, Captain Hunt was 
to be clear of all blau.e. We were pleased to hear this explan- 
ation, as we had been afraid that the Captain, as pilot, might 
be brought under censure for leaviii;g the regular trail. 

Up to this time I had never known much about organizations 
among outsiders. My experience had been confined to the 
Churoh. I naturally enough, therefore, took notice of what I 
saw in this company with which we had met. The contrast be- 
tween their Grand Council and the Councils held among Latter- 
day Saints ttruck me. Our people never muiiuured against 
authority; but they honored and obeyed those who were placed 
to lead and govern. Not so this compau}'. We fi)und many 
who spoke out loudly in condemnation of their Granu, Council 
for leading them on that route, and they cursed and swore about 
them in round terms. It was very plain to be seen that they 
were full of discord, and I did not think they would go to Cali- 
fornia without splitting up. The stragglers from this compifuy 
kept coming all day on to the creek where we weie. 
(7b be Continued) 



THE STOIC'S' OIF 

Hclecled from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

[COMTIKUED.] 

t 

ONE of the worst periods of privation and suffering that the 
American army endured was while the British soldiers were 
driving them through New Jersey in the fall and early in the 
winter after thty took possession ot New York. General 
Washington was obliged to retreat, for his army was so inferior 
to that of his enemies that to fight them would have been cer- 
tain destruction. He was driven, therefore, from river to river, 
and from town to town, his army growing more and more desti- 
tute and wretched every day, until they were all reduced to the 
extremity of suffering and despair. The English came on, 
following them every where triumphant. The inhabitants of 
that iiart of the country became entirely discouraged. It was 
useless, they said, to contend against so powerful a foe, and 
many of them signified to General Howe their willingness to 
submit. At last, Washington reached the banks of the Dela- 
were at Trenton. He made all haste to get across the river. 
So narrow was his escape that the van of the English army 
began to enter the town before the rear of Washington's army 
had entirely left it. The English, being satisfied for the 
present with this success, took possession of Trenton, and 



!§^^' 





0" TJ "^r E IsT I L Ei in^STI2.TJOTOI?. 



S3 



,v«> 



quartered themselves comfortably in the houses, to rest for a 
time, while Washington, with his half-frozen and half-famished 
followers were driven into the woods and fields to seek such 
shelter from the cold December storms as tents and huts could 
afford them. 

Congress was greatly alarmed. They expected that the 
British would now cross the Delaware themselves, and come 
down upon them at Philadelphia. There was nobody that 
could protect them. 

But the aspect ot things was all at once changed by a most 
unexpected and extraordinary feat performed by Washington 
and his army, which has since been greatly distinguished in 
history as one of the most remarkable events of the Revolution. 

In order that you may understand what this achievement 
was. I must explain the circumstances of the case more i'ully. 

It was in the month of December when the Americans were 
driven across the Delaware, and the British concluded, as has 
already been said, that they would wait a little while before 
they pursued them. The ice was beginning to form in the 
river, and it was dangerous to attempt to cross it with a large 
body of men. Tlioy concluded to wait, therefore, until the 
river should be frozen entirely, and then they thought they 
could march over on the ice. In the meantime, they thought 
that the American army would be gradually wasting away by 
hunger, cold, and exposure, while they themselves were all 
resting from their fatigues in the warm and comfortable houses 
of Trenton. 

Washington waited a fortnight, and then he conceived the 
design of secretly crossing the river in the night with all his 
army, and surprising that part of the British army that re- 
mained in Trenton. This plan he carried into effect. He 
chose the night of Christmas for the time, thinking that the 
British officers and soldiers would be engaged that night in 
festivities and carousals, and that they would be, therefore, the 
more easily and completely surprised. Accordingly, on Christ- 
mas day, he took all the men that ha could muster, and twenty 
pieces of cannon, and marched up the river about eight miles 
to a place where he thought he could cross without being ob- 
served by any of the British sentinels or soout3. It was a cold 
and gloomy night, and the river was full of floating ice. The 
men, however, crossed in safety, and then marched down the 
bank to Trenton. They arrived there very early iu the morn- 
ing, and took the British entirely by surprise. A terrible 
combat ensued in the streets and in the outskirts of the town. 
The Americans gained a complete victory. The officer who 
had been lelt in command at Trenton was killed, and almost 
all his men were taken prisoners. That evening Washington 
went back again across the river, carrj-ing all his prisoners with 
him, and thus reached a place of safety before the British had 
time to bring up the rest of their troops, which had been 
quartered at different towns in the vicinity. 

Almost immediately afterward, too, the British were attacked 
by Washington in a similar manner iu several other unexpected 
quarters; and so successful were these bold operations, that the 
tide of victory was entirely turned against them, and in the end 
they were driven back again to New York, and their plan of 
reaching and taking possession of Philadelphia iu this way was 
entirely defeated. 

The British officers were thunderstruck at this sudden change 
in the aspect of affairs The news of these successes spread 
every where throughout the country, and produced the greatest 
excitement. Bells were rung, cannons were fired, and all the 
towns and villages in the land were enlivened with bonfires and 
illumination.s. The people were awakened to new enthusiasm 
in the cause of the Revolution. It was possible to conquer, after 
all, they found, and great multitudes of new men came to join i 
the army. 



The American army, however, passed through many pe- 
riods of great discouragement and suffering after this, and 
many long and weary years passed before they gained the final 
victoiy. 

{To he Contiimcd.) 






IP I?, o IP h: E T . 



TIE3IE1 




URING Joseph's absence several Pottawa- 
tamio chiefs came to Nauvoo to see him. 
V They had a "talk" with some of the breth- 
"V ren; they had but little to say, however, as 
C-J they wanted to see the great prophet. 
iA^P^ Joseph s fame had spread considerably 
among the surrounding Indian tribes. Many 
;-v\ of them had heard of the great white 
l-^^X^ prophet, of his people, and the manner in 
^i. which he and they had been treated by their fel- 
%, low-citizens. The Spirit of the Lord inclined 
their hearts to look favorably upon the Saints. 
The Indians were in many respects a suffering 
race. From the borders of the great ocean on 
the east they had gradually receded before the white 
people. Their old hunting grounds, their villages, 
the burial places of their fathers had all been occupied 
by the white man; the occasional name of a creek, a 
city, or a county or State was all that remained to 
desig'nate the places which they had once possessed. They 
could sympathize with the Saints in their difficulties, and their 
feelings were kindly towards them. And the Book of INIormon 
had taught the Saints to look upon the Indians as the descend- 
ants of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob; and instead of trespass- 
ing upon their rights and persecuting and killing them, they 
respected their claims and treated them as human beings. 

On the 2nd of July, 18 13, after his trial and discharge, 
Joseph, in company with several of the Twelve and other elders, 
met with these Indian chiefs. They were particular in inquir- 
ing of Joseph whether those present were his friends; the In- 
dian orator then spoke as follows: 

"We as a peopie have fong been d'stressed and oppressed. 
Wehavebieu driven from oar lands lUMiiy times. We liavo 
been wasted away by wars, until there are but lew of us left. 
The white man lias hated ua and shed our blood, until it has 
appeared as though there would soon be no Indian left. Wo 
have talked with the Great Spirit and the GreatSpirit has talked 
with us. We have asked the Great Spirit to save us and let us 
live; and the Great Spirit has told us that he had raised up a 
great Prophet, chief, and friend, who would do us great good 
and tell us what to do; and the Great Spirit has told us that you 
are the man (pointing to the Prophet Joseph). We have now 
come a great way to see you, and hear your words, and to liavo 
you tell us what to do. Our horses are poor traveling, and wo 
are hungry. We will now wait and here your words."^ 

The Spirit of God rested upon the Lamanites, especially the 
orator. Jo- eph was much affected and shed tears. Ilearo.se 
and said unto them: 

"I have beard your words. They are true. The Great Spirit 
has told you the truth. I am your friend and brother, and I 
wish to do you good. Your fathers were onco a great people. 
They worshiped the Great Spirit. The Great Spiril did them 




<^" 



S4: 



JIJ-VEIN'ILE IIsrSTI?.TJOTOI^- 



good. He was their friend; but they left the Great Spirit, and 
would not hear his words or keep them. The Great Spirit left 
them, and they began to kill one another, and they have been 
poor and afflicted until now. 

"The Great Spirit has given me a book, and told me that you 
would be blessed again. The Great Spirit will soon begin to 
talk with you and your children. This is the book which your 
fathers made. I wrote upon it (showing them the Book of Mor- 
mon). This tells me what you will have to do. I now want 
you to begin to pray to the Great Spirit. I want you to make 
peace with one another, and do not kill any more Indians: it is 
not good. Do not kill white men; it is not good; but ask the 
Great Spirit for what you want, and it will not be long before 
the Great Spirit will bless you, and you will cultivate the earth 
and build good houses, like white men. We will give you 
something to eat and to take home with you." 

When the Prophet's words were interpreted to the chiefs, 
they all said they were good. 

At the close of the interview, Joseph had an ox killed for 
them, and they were furnished with some more horses, and they 
went home satisfied and contented. 

On the evening of the day that Joseph had the interview 
with the Indians the Maid of Iowa reached Wauvoo from her 
trip up the Illinois river in search of Joseph. You recollect 
that when Brother Wm. Clayton brought tidings to Nauvoo of 
the arrest of Joseph a company of men started on the steam- 
boat Maid of loica to go down the Mississippi and up the lUi. 
nois rivers. It was thought that his captors might attempt to 
car y him to the Illinois river, place him on board a steamboat 
and thus run him into Missouri. They kept a strict lookout for 
steamboats, and went up the Illinois river as far as Peru, where 
they met an express sent by General Rich, by whom they were 
instructed to return to Quincy. Just after leaving Quincy 
they were met by two men in a skiff, who brought the news that 
Joseph had reached Nauvoo. They were relieved and over 
joyed at the tidings, and after reaching Nauvoo, they formed 
into a hollow square and Joseph related to them the particulars 
of his arrest and deliverance; he then blessed and dismissed 
them. 

Under the direction of Joseph the Twelve Apostles called a 
Special Conference, July 3rd, 1843, to choose Elders to go 
into the different counties of Illinois to preach the gospel and disa- 
buse the public mind with regard to hisarrest. Eighty-two Elders 
were called to go to the various counties of Illinois. About noon on 
that same day General C. C. Rich, with a company of twenty-five 
tnen, returned from their trip in search of Joseph and his cap- 
tors. They had made one of the most rapid and fatiguing 
marches that is on record, having traveled about five hundred 
miles in seven days with the same horses, and in very hot 
Weather. 

There were many incidents which occurred on the trip, one 
only we will relate, as from it our readers can gather an idea of 
the way some people, professedly religious, apply a salve to 
their consciences for working on the Sabbath. 

It was early in the morning of the day previous to their 
reaching Nauvoo that Jesse B. Nichols went into the village of 
Galesburg, waked up a blacksmith and employed him to set a 
couple of horse-shoes. It was Sunday, and the blacksmith, 
being a professor of religion, refused to do the work unless he 
could get double price for it. He thought it wrong to work on 
Sunday, probably; but if he could get well paid for a job he was 
willing to risk the sin. Nichols consented to give him what 
he asked, and he commenced work. Whilst he was setting the 
shoes the company passed through the village, exciting consider- 
able curiosity among the inhabitants. As Brother Nichols was 
about paying the blacksmith for the work a Presbyterian min- 
ister came up. He told the smith that he ought to charge a 
dollar a shoe. Said he: "these are Mormons; and you, who 
are a church member, have been shoeing this Mormon's horse 




on Sunday; and you ought to be brought before the church for 
doing it." Hearing this from his priest the blacksmith de- 
manded two dollars for his work, instead of the one he agreed 
to take. Nichols handed him one dollar. The priest told him 
he ought not to take it — that Joseph (he called him Joe Smith) 
was an impost ir, and ought to be hung. The smith took the 
dollar, however, but demanded more; upon which Nichols 
kicked the priest on his seat of honor, mounted his horse, and 
left, amid the loud cheers of a number of spectators. 
(To be Co7itinued.) 



For the Juvenile Instrtictor, 

COIMIIF'OK.TS OIP HOnyCE. 

What is it makes home sacred? Why a father's watchful care, 
Ashe kneels before the altar and breathes the family prayer 
For the loved ones gathered 'round him, for the little ones that 

play 
On the plat before his cottage from morn till close of day. 

What is it makes home pleasant? Why a mother's loving smile 
When she breathes those words of comfort, "Come, dear part- 

nei', rest awhile; 
Come and give us words of counsel, now your daily toil is done, 
Then we'll kneel and pray together when our evening hymn is 

sung." 

What is it makes home joyous and a paradise of love? 

'Tis bright, laughing, happy faces .sparkling like the stars 

above, 
There is music in their laughter, there is light in every smile, 
What would home then be without them, yes, without a living 

child? 

Joseph H. Gough. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

C TI .A. :R. A . 3D E . 

BY JOS. H. P.-i^RHT. 



I am composed of 12 letters. 

My 8, 9, 10, is a drink. 

My 10, 2, 4, is a fish trap. 

My 1,2, 3, 4, is a direction on the map. 

My 5, 9, T, 8, 6, 10, 11, 12, is a State. 

My whole is a State in the Union. 



The answer to the Grammatical Charade in No. 1, Vol. 4, 
is THEOKY. We received correct answers from Edgar 
Howe, Alice E. Taysum, John Q. Cannon, Charilla E. Brown- 
ing, Milly Callistcr, Charles Uenney and E. I. BuT^oot. 

Ok all on earth to be loved and kindly cared for, the aged 
are first deserving. 

Is publisUed in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



QEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 




Single Copy, per Annum $3 00 

/Single Copy, for Six Months'- 1 50 

as* It is expoctcd whore agents forward names they will be responsible 
for the papers tliiis ordered; and when Cash payments are made, they will 
please forward them with the letter eontaiuing the names of the subscribers. 

mS- Elder Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent for 
Caclio valley. 

«S5S- Grain hrouiht to this City for the .TuvF.xii.f: Ixstrittor will be 
received at the olhce of our piper— Duskkkt Niiws liuiLDi.NGS. 



ssaKSoacoasaa 




