pdhuss to t\t %ax)s\ 




VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1872. 



NO. 2. 



IE S O A- IP E OIF T H ZE3 S I 3 I IE S. 



LOOK at the picture! It is an interesting one. You can 
see there is something unusual transpiring, some danger 
likely, for men are being lowered from a window, and as 
the moon is shining, you know it is night time. There is an 
interesting story connected with this picture, or rather, we will 
say the picture is meant to represent an interesting incident 
related in the Bible, connected with the seven years' march 
of the children of Israel from Egypt, the land of the 



of his men as spies to Jericho. These men reached Jericho in 
safety, and it was soon noised about that two of the Israelites 
were in the city, and as the fame of their deeds, in destroying 
all the people who had opposed their march from Egypt to 
Canaan, had preceded them, the arrival of two of the dreaded 
invaders in Jericho created some alarm among the people of 
that city. These two spies found a lodging in the house of one 
Rahab, who was a harlot, and shortly after they obtained admis- 




Pharaohs, the sphynx, the pyramids and many other wonderful 
things. > 

Upon the death of Moses, the great lawgiver of Israel, who 
led the children of Israel from Egypt to the borders of the 
Promised Land, Joshua took command, and being then very 
near the river Jordan, which is the eastern boundary of Pales- 
tine one of the first acts of his administration was to send two 



sion, the king of the city, having heard of their arrival aud where 
they were lodged, sent messengers to the harlot, commanding 
her to give up the men, intending probably to put them to 
death. But Rahab, who seemed, in some wouderfulway, to 
have known that the spies of Joshua were of the children of 
Israel, and that God was with them, hid them under some flax 
on the roof of her house, and told the messengers of the king 



io 



or tt "V e :sr i l is htstrtjotor, 



i 



that they had left, and also pretended to put them on the track 
of the fugitives. Soon after the departure of the king's mes- 
sengers, Eahab let down the two Israelites by a cord from the 
window of her house, which, we are told, was on the wall of 
the city, and advised them to hide in the mountains for three 
days, until the messengers who had gone in search of them had 
returned. The men took her advice, but before they left, the 
harlot asked them to covenant that in return for the kindness 
and protection she had shown them Israel should spare her, her 
parents, and brothers and sisters, when they laid siege to 
Jericho. To this the spies agreed, commanding her to have all 
her kinsfolks at her house and keep them all in doors on the 
day Israel entered Jericho, and to bind on the window of her 
house a scarlet cord which they gave her, that the hosts of 
Israel might know, and do no harm to the house of Eahab the 
harlot, or its inmates. If these conditions were complied with, 
they swore an oath that no injury should be done to Eahab or 
her relations. 

After a time the Israelites marched on Jericho, and in due 
time, obtained possession thereof, and put to death all its 
inhabitants, and every living thing the city contained, except 
Eahab and her family, who, observing the conditions imposed 
by the two spies, were spared, and were adopted as a part of 
Israel. 

The whole history is exceedingly interesting, and the sub- 
stance of it is here given ; but if you want to learn more of the 
particulars, turn to the Bible and read the second, third, fourth, 
fifth and sixth chapters of the book of Joshua, they contain all 
that is furnished by sacred history about Eahab the harlot, and 
the siege and capture of Jericho by the children of Israel. 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ACCIDEUTS-OARE- 

LESSNESS. 



CHILDREN should be very careful, either at play or work. 
Throwing stones is often the cause of accidents. The 
writer nf this short article once knew a man who lost an eye by 
a boy throwing a stone at him; this was a great loss through 
life to the man, and was also a source of trouble on account of the 
disfigurement and pain it occasioned. 

Through carelessness at play or otherwise children not uofre- 
quently get their arms, legs, ribs or some other bones of their 
bodies broken. From the careless use of firearms, many children 
and grown up persons are wounded, sometimes killed, and 
oftentimes crippled for life. 

Some boys and girls are fond of tricks that annoy, and some- 
times injure other people. We should never try to injure 
cither people's feelings or their 'persons. Especially should we 
be kind Io our parents, and to our brothers and sisters. 

In early life we should store up knowledge that will make us 
useful in life. When we are young men or young women, if 
we have a bone broken we ought to know enough to set it pro- 
perly. Accidents often occur, and in newly settled countries 
like Utah a skillful surgeon is not always near by, we therefore 
ought to acquire all the knowledge of anatomy we can, that our 
lives may lie useful to our fellow beings. 

'flic careless use of fire very often causes the destruction of 
property, loss of life,, and sometimes the disfiguring of the face 
and other parts of the body. 

Many other illustrations might be mentioned, with which 
children are more or less familiar, in which carelessness is the 
cause of serious and life-long sorrow and misfortune; but we 
hope these few words of caution, brief as they are, will have a 
salutary effect on the readers of this paper, and that any of them 
who, through their carelessness, may have exposed themselves 
or others to danger in the past, will iu the future refrain from 
anything having a tendency in that direction. Wm. 



[Kor the Juvenile Instructor. 



8 



HIIE^T J^IXJD ELEC- 

TE/IOITY.-1TO. 1. 



1TTE have seen that heat is a compound of red, yellow and 
Y V blue colors, with various intermediate shades ; and that 
invisible heat-giving rays are found associated or mixed up with 
light. It may be that light is an effect produced by heat, in 
the same way that heat appears to be an effect produced by 
motion. For, when solid bodies are heated to a very high 
temperature they become luminous ; and heat can be produced 
as well by friction as by the ordinary method of combustion. 

The last named method of generating heat is chemical, it 
arises from the motion exerted by the oxygen of the air combin- 
ing with the burning body which usually consists of excited 
hydrogen in connexion with some substance, usually carbon. 
The carbon alone if intensely heated, even so as to become 
incandescent, does not become luminous like the flame of a can- 
dle : in fact when coal is placed in a retort, as at the gas-works, 
for instance, no burning takes places, as oxygen is not present, 
it is simply a distillation, the hydrogen is driven off as a gas, 
the carbon (coke) remains. In this state neither the hydrogen 
generated nor the carbon developes heat unless brought into 
contact with oxygen, when decomposition takes place; the 
hydrogen uuites chemically with oxygen forming water, the 
carbon unites with oxygen to form carbonic acid, and heat is 
the result. 

There seems to be an intimate connection between heat, light, 
and chemical force ; combustion is the effect of chemical attrac- 
tion, but it never occurs without heat, and when rapid, never 
without light. The three forces appear to be constant compan- 
ions, not only in ordinary combustion but also in the light of 
the sun. 

A large number of the phenomena of nature are connected 
with the expansions, condensations and changes of bodies by 
heat. Instances of solids being acted upon are found in the 
expansion and liquefaction of the metals ; liquids are changed 
into gases by heat, by the abstraction of heat water is made 
solid ; gases become liquids by the excitation of their particles 
by heat, as in the union of hydrogen and oxygen to form water, 
which may be effected by ordinary ignition, or by the electric 
spark. The expansion of metals and other bodies by heat is 
said to be a physical effect produced by the repulsive force of 
heat. A bar of iron may be lengthened by raising its tempera- 
ture a few degrees just as well as by stretching it out by enor- 
mous weights hanging to it. We arc all familiar with the fact 
that water may be expanded by heat, other fluids are also 
enlarged by the repulsion of their particles. In the fixation of 
oxygen with other elements whether by combustion or by the 
force of electricity, chemical changes take place showing that 
heat-force is like that of electricity and that both of these are 
chemical forces. 

Different bodies differ in their behavior when acted upon by 
heat; silver, gold, copper and tin, arc among bodies that are 
very susceptible to heat, and rapidly distribute the excitement 
of their particles to those near them ; these are called "good con- 
ductors" of what is called heat. Other metals, have less 
facility in this respect, stones have still less than metals; brick, 
dried woods and charcoal are inferior conductors ; feathers, silk, 
wool and hair conduct heat very imperfectly, and arc sometimes 
called "oon-conductors" of caloric, or the matter of heat. 

Wo arc not to look upon heat as being capable of being 
poured from one vessel into another in the same sense that we 



S ^St< 




CTTJ*VE12XTT J m El IITSTBTJCTOB. 



11 



* 



pour liquids out. Heat is generally considered to be motion ; 
cold is the negation or absence of motion of the particles of 
matter. When we perceive this motion in bodies by sensation, 
it is called sensible heat, and the body that produces this sensa- 
tion is said to be ''warm ;" the sensation of cold is merely that 
which is felt when heat is removed by contact with bodies. 
Now, wood and feathers in the same room become of the same 
temperature as the atmosphere by which they are surrounded ; 
iron feels very cold because it removes heat from the hand 
rapidly, wood appears to be warmer because it removes heat 
less rapidly, the feathers feel warm because the radiation of 
heat from the hand is prevented. 

Beth. 



^€S>e< 



EC X S 



T O JEi, IT O IF 

CHTJRC H. 
(Continued.) 



THE 



IT was very evident that 0. P. Kockwell had saved the life of 
the Sheriff, as there was no doubt that the blood-thirstv mob- 
bers who followed him were determined to kill him. Had he 
refused to comply with the demand of the Sheriff for protection, 
he would, to say the least, have proved himself an arrant cow- 
ard. It was soon afterwards ascertained at Nauvoo that the man 
whom Eockwell had thus shot and killed was named Franklin A. 
Worrell, one of the most bitter and implacable enemies to the 
Saints in the country. This same Worrell was officer of the 
guard at Carthage jail when the Prophet and Patriarch, Joseph 
and Hyrum were murdered, and afterwards a witness when the 
case of their murder was under examination. He was asked at 
that time, among other questions, whether the fire-arms of the 
guard under his charge at the jail were loaded with blank car- 
tridges only, or bullets. He refused to answer the question, 
and assigned, as a reason, that he could not do so without crim- 
inating himself; thus proving by his own confession that if not 
actually engaged in the murder he was indirectly a party to it. 

The .suffering of the Saints during the persecutions and 
troubles through which they were now passing was extreme. 
Many of those who had their homes destroyed and were thus 
rendered destitute of nearly all the comforts and many of the 
necessaries of life were sick, and unable to offer any resistance 
had they been disposed to. Neither were the more strong 
and healthy generally in a condition to make a very able 
defense against the attacks of such a merciless mob. Many of 
them were unacquainted with the use of fire-arms, never having 
been brought into action before, and their fire-arms were few 
and of an inferior character. 

Sheriff Backenstos, after reaching Nauvoo, immediately 
issued his second proclamation to the citizens of Hancock 
and surrounding counties, in which he recounted the nefa- 
rious and bloody acts of the mob throughout Hancock county, 
detailed his narrow escape from the infuriated men who had 
followed him, commanded the mobbers and rioters to disperse 
and cease their violence, and ordered all able-bodied men 
throughout the county to arm themselves in the best possible 
manner and defend their lives and property. As a postscript 
to this proclamation, he added: 

"It is proper to state that, the Mormon community have act- 
ed with more than ordinary forbearance — remaining perfectly 
quiet, and offering no resistance, when their dwellings, other 
buildings, and stacks of grain, etc., were set on fire in their pres- 
ence, and they have forborne until forbearance is no longer a 
virtue. 

''The notorious Col. Levi Williams, who is at the head of the 
mob, has ordered out the militia of this brigade, comprising Han- 
cock, M'Donough, and Schuyler counties; but it is to be hoped 
that no good citizen will turn out and aid him or others in the 



overthrow of the laws of our country, and it is certain that no 
good citizen will cross the Mississippi river with a design to aid 
the rioters." 

The First Presidency also urged upon the people the neces- 
sity of being vigilant, that the mob might not come upon them 
unawares, and of rnoviug their women and children and sub- 
stance into Nauvoo as quickly as possible, if unable to protect 
themselves. In Nauvoo a committee of five men were appointed 
to wait upon the mob, and petition for peace, promising them 
if they would retire and cease their mobbings, lawless litigations 
and other persecutions, and allow the Saints the necessary time 
and peace to prepare to remove, that they would leave the 
State in the Spring. A proclamation was then issued, signed 
by the First Presidency and a number of the leading Elders of 
the Church, and addressed to Colonel Levi Williams, and the 
mobbing party of which he was the supposed leader, announc- 
ing the names of the men appointed as a committee from 
Nauvoo and making known their proposition to leave the State, 
and asking; for an answer to be returned in writing or by the 
committee who should wait on them. Two days after this was 
sent A. B. Chambers, editor of the Missouri Republican, 
arrived in Nauvoo, from Warsaw, and stated that his purpose 
was to save the destruction of property and individual suffering 
that evidently must occur unless conciliatory measures were 
adopted. He brought with liim the names of Levi Williams 
and six others appointed as a commiitee by the anti-Mormons 
of Warsaw and vicinity to negotiate for peace. It seemed that 
many who had read the proposition to compromise addressed to 
the mob were satisfied with the proposals therein made, while 
many others were equally embittered and opposed to its stipu- 
lations on account, as they claimed, of being addressed as a mob. 
They thought, to accede to this, would be to virtually acknow- 
ledge that they were among those who had been engaged in burn- 
ing and destroying property. 

On the evening of the ICth Sheriff Backenstos, feeling anx- 
ious for the safety of his family and others at Carthage raised an 
armed force and proceeded to that place to rescue them from 
the power of those threatening. On this point we quote his own 
language : 

"On entering the town we were fired upon by some of the 
mobbers, who instantly fled. My heart sickens when I think 
of the awfully distressed state in which I found my family, in 
the hands of a gang of black-hearted villians, guilty of all the 
crimes known to our laws. * * * * The families 
which I designed to rescue had all fled, with the exception of 
Mrs. Deming, the widow of the late General Deming, who was 
of the opinion that she might escape their vengeance, inasmuch 
as the recent death of her husband it was thought, would have 
appeased their wrath against that family. 

"After we had entered the town, persons were seen running 
about the streets with firebrands. Anticipating their intention 
of firing their own buildings in order to charge the same upon 
the posse commitatus under my command, we immediately took 
steps to prevent this, by threatening to put to the sword all those 
engaged in firing the place." 

(To be continued.) 



Early Rising.— The character of the early riser is the very 
reverse of the sloven's. His countenance is ruddy, hiseyes 
joyous and serene, and his frame full of vigor and activity. 
His mind also is clear and unclouded, and free from that oppres- 
sive languor which weighs like a nightmare upon the spirit of 
the sluggard. The man who rises betimes is in the fair way of 
laying in both health aud wealth; while he who dozes away his 
existence in unnecessary sleep, will acquire nothing, on the 
contrary, he runs every chance of losing whatever portion he 
may yet be in possession of, and of sinking fast from his station 
iu society— a bankrupt both in person and in purse. 




J" TJ -V E 3ST I L E IUSTRTJCTOE, 



@|e Stiftgitits IttslUttcfatu 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1S72. 
EZDITOIRJ^ILi THIOTTG-IEIT'S- 




E intend, in the "Editorial Thoughts" in 
this number, to have a talk with the boys, 
on a subject which we know is very impor- 
tant to them, but which many of them do 
not seem to understand or care about. The 
period of youth is the most valuable in our 
whole life, for its proper or improper use 
will shape our destiny and circumstances 
ever afterwards. A boy or girl that is 
reared under unfavorable circumstances will, 
in mature life, labor under far greater disadvan- 
tages than he or she who was reared in comfort. 
You all, either have seen, or will see, as you 
grow older, numerous instances illustrating the 
truth of this. You may take two colts, for 
instance, and let one of them be turned adrift and run 
wild, say for a couple of years, and the other be cared 
for, well fed and have a comfortable house to live in 
y'v^* during that time, and see what a very great difference 
J there will be in the two animals. Take another 
illustration, and any of you may make such a one for yourselves. 
Plant two seeds of the same kind, plum, peach, apple or 
any other kind of fruit tree, and plant one of them in a garden 
where it will receive every care and attention that a skillful gar- 
dener can bestow; and plant the other on a common, among 
rocks, weeds etc., and where, notwithstanding the lack of care, 
it may just manage to live and grow, and what a difference 
there will be in the appearance oi the two trees, in three or 
four years. Illustrations of this kind will readily suggest them- 
selves to your minds, and the principle is just as true in relation 
to human beings as to anything else. 

But without pursuing this branch of the subject any further 
now, there is one thing to which we will call the attention of 
boys, and girls too for the matter of that, but which more 
seriously affects the after-life welfare of boys, and which 
should and must be attended to during the period of youth. 
We mean now the learning of a trade. 

In new countries, which are always thinly peopled, it is not 
convenient, and there are not many opportunities for boys to learn 
trades, for there is so much hard labor of various kinds that must 
be done to make the rough sort of lives that are led by the 
people, at all comfortable, that every hand, as soon as it is able 
to toil, finds enough to do, and is compelled to "pitch in" and 
help. 

This has been the case in this as well as all other new countries, 
and the result is that comparatively few of our mountain-born 
boys are tradesmen. Most of them are good at canon work, at 
managing horses and cattle, and such kinds of labor, which arc all 
very good and necessary; but the cultivation of trades, arts and 
sciences is the foundation and backbone of refined and civilized 
life; and just so long as it Ls neglected, just so long will the con- 
dition of society be comparatively rude and unrefined. We have 
all seen this in Utah. But a great change has been taking place 
during the past few years, — a transition from frontier life to the 
refinement and comfort of civilization has been effected, and the 
circumstances of the whole people have undergone a great change. 
One of the most striking and desirable of the changes thus ef- 



fected, is in the facilities which now present themselves for the 
youth to learn some useful trade. Our boys and young men 
need no longer adopt canon life, the life of the freighter, or sim- 
ilar pursuits because there are no other means to earn their 
bread. Not that we would say a word the least disrespectful 
of the freighter, or of him who labors in the canon ; but we do 
say that as long as callings of this character are maiuly followed 
by the youth and young men of a community that community 
will make short strides towards refinement and the many com- 
forts which are enjoyed by long-settled countries. 

Happily for the rising generation this phase of frontier life has 
passed away in Utah, and now in almost every locality in the Ter- 
ritory manufactories of some kind have been established, in which, 
besides supplying the people with comforts and conveniences they 
were formerly unable to obtain, the youth can learn trades. 

But there seems to be a repugnance, in the minds of many of 
the boys, to binding themselves, say for three, four or five years, 
apprentice to learn some useful handicraft, and rather, than sub- 
mit to this many of them will go to the canons or fritter away 
their time at something or other that requires little of either ap- 
plication or skill. This is a very foolish course, and in nine 
cases out often is sure to result badly for those who take it. _ In 
all old-settled communities every boy looks forward to the time 
when he shall be bound apprentice to some trade, and the rule 
is almost universal ; and it is one of the great safeguards of the 
respectability and good order of society, for as a general thing, 
if the young men of any community, upon reaching twenty or 
twenty-one years of age, are industrious, skillful tradesmen, it 
is a pretty sure sign that they will pass through life respectable 
and respected, and be able to support a family in tolerable comfort. 

There is a feeling common among scores and hundreds of young 
men that it is degrading to have the hard hands, and soiled face 
and clothes of a tradesman • they want to be well schooled and 
to always appear genteel and clean, and hence the abundance, 
almost everywhere, of those anxious to obtain positions as clerks. 
It is very good to appear clean and respectable, it is very good, 
and very desirable that all should have a good school education; 
but all can not be clerks, no matter how well qualified by educa- 
tion, and an industrious tradesman, however humble his avoca- 
tion, is always respectable, and no education is complete that does 
not enable a young man to use his brains and his hands at a use- 
ful trade. 

The possessor of a trade is one of the most independent men 
on earth ; no matter where he roams, if it be within the confines 
of civilization, he will find his trade will enable him to hold up 
his head like a man, for he can earn his living without being de- 
pendent upon anybody's exertions but his own. 

Boys, think of these few hints 1 No matter what your position 
in life is now, whether your parents are rich or poor, when you 
are old enough learn thoroughly some useful trade. When you 
have learned it, it does not follow that you should be compelled 
to follow it. You may be able to live without it ; but once mas- 
ter some useful branch of industry and wherever your lot may 
be cast, and whatever reverses or change of circumstances may 
overtake you, you will find it an unfailing resource if necessary. 



Four Good Habits. — There are four habits a wise man 
recommends to be essentially necessary for the management of 
temporal concerns; and these were punctuality, accuracy, 
steadiness and dispatch. Without the first of these, time is 
wasted ; without the second, mistakes most hurtful to our own 
credit and interest, and that of others, may be committed; 
without the third, nothing can be done well; and without the 
fourth, opportunities of great advantages arc lost which it is 
impossible to recall. 



PRACTICE without knowledge is blind, and knowledge with- 
out practice is lame. 



3J- 



vTTJ"VElsriI J El I1TSTRTJOTOR, 



3D^3sTIEL 



.a-Hstid his a o im: n? ^ isr i o isr s 

ITEBTJCHADIJEZZAII. 



IB IE IE 1 O IE?, E 




THE engraving accompanying this article is intended as a 
pictorial representation of a remarkable scene, an account 
of which is given in the second chapter of the prophecies of 
Daniel. Most of you have, no doubt, read about it ; and you 
who have not, or you who have and do not remember it, can 
just get your Bibles and turn to the chapter and read it, it is 
one of the most entertaining in the whole Bible. It tells that 
King Nebuchadnezzar had a very singular dream, a dream 
which made a powerful impression on his mind ; but when he 
awoke he could not remember it. Many of you know what 
kind of a sensation that causes, for you have dreamed when 
asleep, and when awake, although you knew you had dreamed 
something, you have tried, but in vain to remember it. It was 
just so with Nebuchadnezzar, only his dream was given by the 
God of heaven, and it was full of meaning, and when the king 
found that he could not recall it he was very much troubled 
about it. 



and soothsayers could not tell him all about that which he had 
dreamed and forgotten, Nebuchadnezzar issued his royal order 
that all these pretended wise men in all his dominions should 
be put to death. If you tried for a thousand years to think of 
anything more unreasonable and savage than this order of the 
tyrant of Babylon, you would fail ; but bad as it was, it would 
have been a good thing for Babylon or any other kingdom to 
have been rid of such impostors, for by their influence over the 
minds of ignorant kings and men in authority they no doubt 
often did a good deal of mischief. 

The killing of these wise men, the Bible says, was entrusted 
to one Arioch, the captain of Nebuchadnezzar's guard, and he 
commenced to carry it out. It happened, at the time, there 
were in Babylon a considerable number of Jews who, in one of 
the wars of Nebuchadnezzar, had been carried captive from 
Jerusalem to Babylon. Among these captives were the Pro- 
phet Daniel, also "The Hebrew Children," Shadrach, Meshach 




In those days it was the custom with kings to keep at their 
courts, wise men, or what are called now-a-days "astrolo- 
gers," "wizards" etc., — a class of cunning impostors who 
pretended to be able to foretell the future by means of 
the stars, and in other ways ; but their knowledge and their 
means of obtaining it were about the same as other people's, 
and in case of real mysteries, such as foretelling future events, 
they were just about as ignorant as all men are who are unin- 
spired by God. We are told that the king, being very anxious 
to remember and understand the meaning of his dream, called 
upon his wise men to tell it and explain it ; but in this case, 
which you will readily see was a really difficult one, they were 
at fault, and they had to own up that they could not tell him 
anything about it. This made the king very mad, for he was 
considerable of a tyrant, as kings generally are, and in ancient 
times they had it a good deal more their own way than the peo- 
ple will allow them to have now ; and because his astrologers 



and Abeduego. These men, we are told, had favor with God, 
were filled with heavenly wisdom, and on this latter account 
they had become favorites with Nebuchadnezzar and some of 
his principal officers. Being numbered among the wise men of 
the kingdom the savage order of the king for the destruction of 
the whole of them, also included Daniel and his friends, and 
they were told of the order by the captain of the guard. 
This led to the scene represented by the engraving. _ Daniel 
thought the king was hasty, and he asked further time, and 
expressed the belief that the dream and its meaning might yet 
be obtained. The king granted time, and Daniel and his three 
companions, who were worshipers, not of Babylonish idols, 
but of the true God, prayed earnestly that the dream and its 
interpretation might be shown unto them. God heard their 
prayers, revealed unto them the dream and gave them the inter- 
pretation, which you had better read for yourselves in the chap- 
ter already mentioned, and in the engraving these Hebrew 




14 



CTTJ^E'IjTIIjE iitstbtjotob. 



■^g 1 ^ 



worshipers of the true God are supposed to be making the 
•whole thing known to the king. The result was that Daniel 
and his companions were elevated to positions of great honor in 
the empire of Babylon. 

About twenty-five hundred years have passed since Nebu- 
chadnezzar had his dream, and the great kingdoms represented 
by the various portions of the image he saw therein, the Baby- 
lonish, Medo-Persian, Boman etc., has each held sway over 
various portions of the earth, has declined, and disappeared; 
and in our day, the kingdoms, represented by the toes of the 
image the various governments now existing in America and 
Europe, show signs of rottenness and decay, which no skill on 
the part of those who control them can prevent progressing, 
until they also finally pass away, as surely as those which pre- 
ceded them have done. 

But better than all this the kingdom, also foretold by Daniel 
in the same chapter, represented by the little stone cut out of 
the mountain without hands, has been commenced, namely the 
Kingdom of God ; and many of those for whose special benefit 
and instruction the Juvenile Instructor is printed — the boys 
and girls of Utah, will live to see it progress in dominion and 
influence until its glory shall surpass that of any other kingdom. 
This will never be brought about by conquest, or the power of 
the sword, but by the labors of the best of the people of all 
other nations. A few of them are now flocking to the standard 
of that kingdom ; and in days to come myriads of them will not 
only willingly but anxiously seek the privileges which citizen- 
ship under its banners will confer; for they will know that 
there only will they be able to obtain, retain and enjoy the 
peace, freedom, and rights necessary to insure the happiness of 
intelligent beings and which the rule of Heaven, and nothing 
short of that, guarantees to every creature living beneath it. 



SALUTATIOlsrS. 



SALUTATION, meaning words and signs of greeting by 
which respect, love, or submission is implied, usually 
includes a contact of some parts of the person, and in this 
particular there is a vast difference of form prevailing in differ- 
ent countries. The words of common salutations may be 
regarded as to a slight extent an index of national character, or 
the circumstances of national life. 

Among the ancient Greeks, the form was "Bejoice." 

Among the ancient Bomans, "Be healthy, be strong," and 
"What doest thou?" 

The French say, "How do you carry yourself?" 

The Germans, "How do they find themselves?" 

The Italians, "How does she stand ?" 

The modern Greeks, "What doest thou ?" 

The Swedes, "How can you?" 

The fevered country of Egypt is strikingly portrayed in one 
furm of salutation used there "How goes the perspiration? Do 
you sweat copiously?" 

In China one form of salutation is, "Have you eaten your 
rice? is your stomach in good order?" 

The prevailing one ia Holland is "Have you had a good dinner?" 

One Polish form is, "Art thou gay?" and another, "How 
hast thou thyself?' ' 

Two common salutations in Eussia are, ''Be well," and the 
peculiar "How do you live on?" A common exclamation in 
Bussia "God with thee," has now approached rather the signifi- 
cation of "Devil take you." 

The salutations of the Arabs and Turks are marked by a 
strong, religious character. 

Among those of the former people are, "May your morning 
be good;" "God grant thee His favors;" "If God will, thou art 
well ;" "If God will, all the members of thy family cnjuy good 
health." 



Among the latter are, "Be under the care of God;" "My 
prayers are for thee;" "Forget me not in thy prayers," and "Thy 
visits are as rare as a fine-day," an expression evidently of very 
ancient origin, as it is no way applicable to their present 
country. 

The Persian salutations are marked by a strain of extravagant 
compliment such as, "Is thy exalted high condition good?" 
"Peace be upon thee;" "I make prayers for thy greatness ;" 
"May thy shadow not be removed from our head;" and "May 
thy shadow never be less." 

An old English salutation in polite society was, "Save you, 
sir," evidently an abbreviation of "God save you, sir," just as 
"Good bye" is a contraction of "God be with you." 

The different manners of salutation are far more remarkable 
than the words. The custom of shaking hands is the one most 
common among civilized nations. 

On the European continent it is usual for men who are 
intimate friends to kiss one another ; but this custom prevails in 
England and America only among women. 

In the greatest portion of Germany it is an act of politeness 
to kiss the hand of a lady, but this privilege is allowed in 
Italy only to near relatives, while in Bussia it is extended to 
kissing the forehead. 

In the East and among the Slavic nations the salutations par- 
take throughout of the character of self-abasement. The custom 
of throwing one's self upon the ground and kissing the feet of 
the monarch prevailed among the Persians. The Bussian also 
becomes prostrate before his master, clasps his knees and kisses 
them. 

In China, an inferior meeting his superior upon horseback, 
dismounts and waits till the latter has passed by. 

In Japan, the inferior removes his sandals when meeting his 
superior, crosses his hands by placing the right hand on the left 
sleeve, and then suffering both to fall slowly on his knee, passes 
the other with a slow and rocking motion of the body, and cry- 
ing out: "Do not hurt me 1" 

In Siam, when the inferior throws himself upon the ground 
before his superior, the latter sends one of his dependents to 
examine whether the former has been eating anything or carries 
with him any smell at all offensive. If such be the case, he is 
immediately kicked out without ceremony; but if not, the 
attendant raises him up. 

In Ceylon, the inferior on meeting a superior throws himself 
on the ground, repeating the name and dignity of the latter, who 
appears to take scarcely any notice of the prostrate form which 
he passes. 

In other countries the salutations are often made by the con- 
tact of other parts of the body besides the hands and the lips. 

In the Society and Friendly Islands, two persons on meeting 
salute by rubbing the ends of their noses together, and the salu- 
tation is returned by each taking the hand of the other and rub- 
bing it on his own nose and mouth. 

The Moors of Morocco ride at full speed toward a stranger as 
if they intended to run him down, and as soon as they have ap- 
proached near they stop suddenly and fire a pistol over his head. 

In one of the Pelew Islands the inhabitants grasp either the 
hand or the foot of the one they wish to salute, and rub their 
faces against it. 

In Burmah, in order to kiss they apply the mouth and nose 
closely to the person's cheek and draw in the breath strongly as 
if smelling a delightful perfume; hence, instead of saying "Give 
me a kiss," they say "Give me a smell." 

The Arab salutations are very ceremonious. If persons of dis- 
tinction meet, they embrace several times, kiss each other's cheek, 
inquire several times about the health of each other, and also 
kiss their own hands. 

The Arabian dwellers in the desert shake hands six or eight 
times, and in Yemen, persons of rank permit their fingers to be 
kissed after a long refusal. 




>^» 



.JTTVIElsrilLjIE IFSTBTJCTOB. 



#^$! 



15 



In Turkey it is the custom to cross the hands upon the breast 
and bow to the person saluted. Military salutations consist in 
the touching of the hat or cap, the lowering of swords or colors, 
the presenting of arms or the firing of cannon, by the lowering 
or raising of the flag and by the cheering of the sailors. 

Selected. 

the white szf^ze^irow. 



FROM THE GERMAN. 



1 



at 



"Sleep is the worst of thieves — 
He steals away half our lives." 

N most parts of Germany there passes current among the 
people, this proverb — 

"He that would thrive, 
Must the white sparrow see." 

The meaning of the proverb is not at first sight so apparent 
as that of some others that circulate among us, such as "Early 
habits make the man," and "Honesty is the best policy," etc., 
but the moral significance it is intended to convey is not less true 
and important. I will, therefore, here relate the story con- 
nected with its origin, even as I received it myself from the 
lips of an old and valued friend. 

There was an old farmer with whom everything appeared to 
grow worse from year to year. His cattle died one by one, the 
produce of his land was not half that it ought to be ; in fact, all 
his property was, to use a very familiar expression, ''going to 
the dogs!" In short, scarcely a week passed by that either the 
tax-gatherer or the pawnbroker did not come to his wiudow, and, 
addressing him with a courteous bow, say — 

''I am really very sorry, Herr Kuckwart, to be compelled to 
put you to inconvenience, but I am obliged to do my duty." 

The old friends of Herr Euckwart also tried to do their duty 
to him. They advised, they entreated, and they helped him, 
but all in vain, and so one after another gave him up in despair, 
declaring with a sigh that as for poor Euckwart, there was no 
use in trying to help him — he was past being helped. 

He had one friend, however, whose heart was in the right 
place, and who was not only a good man, but a very 
clear sighted one. This friend thought he would not give 
Herr Euckwart up altogether without making one more 
attempt to save him. So one day he led the conversation, 
as though accidentally, to the subject of sparrows, relating 
many anecdotes of those birds, and observing how greatly they 
had multiplied of late, and how very cunning and voracious 
they had become. 

Herr Euckwart shook his head gravely in answer to this 
observation, and said: 

"They are, indeed, most destructive creatures. For my part, 
I have not the slightest doubt that it is mainly owing to their 
depredations, that my harvest has of late years beeu so unpro- 
ductive." 

To this conjecture his old friend made no rejoinder; but after 
a moment's pause continued the conversation by asking — 

"Neighbor, have you ever seen a white sparrow?" 

"No," replied Euckwart, ''the sparrows that alight in my 
fields are all the common gray sort." 

That is very probable, too," rejoined his frieud. "The 
habits of the white sparrow are peculiar to itself. Only one 
comes into the world every year; and being so different from 
his fellows, other sparrows take a dislike to it, and peck at it 
when it appears among them. For this reason it seeks its food, 
early in the morning, before the rest of the tribe are astir, and 
then goes back to its nest, where it remains for the rest of the day." 

"That is very strange!" exclaimed Euckwart. "I must 
really try and get a sight at that sparrow; and if possible, I 
will catch it too." 



On the morning following this conversation, the farmer rose 
with the sun and sallied forth into his field. He walked around 
his farm, searched his farmyard in every corner, examined the 
roofs of his granaries and the trees of his orchards, to see 
whether he could discover any traces of the beautiful white 
sparrow. But the white sparrow, to the great disappointment 
of the farmer, would not show itself or stir from its imaginary 
nest. 

What vexed the farmer, however, still more, was that, 
though the sun stood high in the heavens by the time he had 
completed his round, not one of the farm laborers was astir — 
they, too, seemed resolved not to leave their nests. Meantime, 
the cattle were bellowing in their stalls, with hunger, and not a 
soul was near to feed them. 

Herr Euckwart was reflecting on the disadvantage of this 
state of things, when suddenly he perceived a lad coming out 
of the house, carrying a sack of wheat on his shoulders. He 
seemed to be in great haste to get out of the precincts of the 
farm, and Herr Euckwart soon noticed that his steps were not 
bent towards the mill, but towards a public house, where Cas- 
per had. unhappily, a long score to pay. He hastened after the 
astonished youth, who had believed his master to be still in 
the enjoyment of his morning nap, and quickly relieved him of 
his burden. 

The farmer next repaired to the cow-house, and peeping to 
see whether the white sparrow had taken refuge there, he dis- 
covered to his dismay, that the milk-maid was handing a liberal 
portion of the milk through the window to her neighbor, to 
mix with her morning cup of coffee. 

''A pretty sort of housekeeping this is," thought the farmer 
to himself, as he hastened to his wife's apartment and roused 
her from her slumber. ''As sure as my name is Euckwart," 
he exclaimed in an angry tone, "there must be an end to these 
lazy habits. Everything is going wrong for the want of some- 
body to look after them. So far as I am concerned," thought 
the good farmer to himself, ''I will rise every day at the same 
hour I did this morning, and then I shall get my farm cleared 
of those who do not intend to do their duty properly. Besides, 
who knows but some fine morning or other, I may succeed in 
catching the white sparrow!" 

Days and weeks passed on. The farmer adhered to his reso- 
lution, but he soon forgot the white sparrow, and only looked 
after his cattle and his corn fields. Soon everything around 
him wore a flourishing aspect, and men began to observe that 
Herr Euckwart (Backward) now well deserved to be called Herr 
Vorwart (Forward.) 

In due course of time his old friend again came to spend the 
day with him, and inquired in a humorous tone: 

"Well, my fine fellow, how are you getting on now? Have 
you succeeded in catching a glimpse of the white sparrow?" 

The farmer only replied to this question byasmUe, and then, 
holding out his hand to his old friend, he said: 

"God bless ycu, Harder, you have saved me and my family 
from ruin." 

Often, in after years, when Herr Euckwart was a prosperous 
man, respected by his household, he was wont to relate this 
history of his' early life, and thus by degrees, the saying has 
passed into a proverb— "He that would thrive, must the white 
sparrow see.' ' 



Conscience i*a sleeping giant; we may lull him into a 
longer or shorter slumber; but his starts are frightful, and 

terrible is the hour when he awakes. 



A terse writer says that Nature likes to let the best of us 
find out, from time to time, that, after all, we do not know 
much. 







^L 



8 



9*4 



16 



J-TJYBUILB IUSTBTJOTOR. 



PTJITOTUATIOIT, 



PUNCTUATION, or inserting the "stops" in written or 
printed compositions, is an art that is not very easy to 
learn. Rules laid down in books are of but little use as a 
guide and nothing but considerable practice and attention 'will 
make any one correct in putting in the punctuation marks. The 
importance of doing so is very great, for improper punctuation 
■will frequently give quite a different meaning to a sentence from 
that intended by the writer. 

Mr. E. K. Baxter, formerly of Bradford, Massachusetts, 
claimesto be the author of the following "Punctuation Puzzle," 
which is the best illustration we have ever seen of the necessity 
of correctly placing the commas and other marks, to tell where 
pauses should be made in reading or writing. Our readers will 
see that the paragraph can be read in two ways, the difference 
in marking the pauses making the subject of it either a very 
bad or a very good man. Let them read it first, and imagine a 
pause after the words "man," "found," "delight, " "rejoices," 
and so on to the end ; then read it again and imagine a comma 
placed after the words "wickedness," "iniquity," "neighbors," 
"fellow-creatures," and continue to the end. If they do this, 
and understand it, they will have gained some idea of the neces- 
sity of correct punctuation, for the great difference in meaning 
in the two methods of reading, is all due to the different placing 
of the comma, the mark used to denote the shortest pause in 
reading and writing : 

"He is an old and experienced man in vice and wickedness he 
is never found opposing the walks of iniquity he takes delight 
in the downfall of his neighbors he never rejoices in the 
prosperity of any of his fellow-creatures he is always ready to 
assist in destroying the peace of society he takes no pleasure in 
serving the Lord he is uncommonly diligent in sowing disorder 
among his friends and acquaintances he takes no pride in 
laborina to promote the cause of Christianity he has never been 
negligent in endeavoring to stigmatize all public teachers he 
makes no exertions to subdue his evil passions he strives hard 
to build up Satan's kingdom he lends no aid to the support of 
the Gospel among the heathen he contributes largely to the evil 
adversary he pays no attention to good advice he gives great 
heed to the devil he will never go to heaven he must go where 
he will receive the just recompense of reward." 



iriiiittitl $o$luu. 



[Cor the Juveni'e InsVurtor. 

OTTR IFRIISTOIESS RULER. 



No monarch seated on ft throne, 

Kulcs with more imperial sway ; 
Than rules our little household pet, 

From early morn till close of day. 
And e'en at night from dozy mood, 

( While her fond subjects sleep in peace) 
A cry goes forth, and thcrcupou 

We rush to arms as soft as fleece. 
And yet we are quite willing Bhe 

Should claim all due submission h^rc; 
For rights like hers we must reBpcet, 

Albeit all others we would revere. 
This darling is our chief delight — 

More charming than the pleasant May ; 
This petite ruler feels most Vilest 

When basking hi the " milky way." 

Salt Lake City, .January 15th, 1972. 



G. W. C. 



S$Ucl$& jPadtfu* 




T HI E OHICKEN : 
MISTA KE. 



S 



A little downy chicken one day 

Asked leave to go on the water, 
Where she saw a duck with her brood at play, 

Swimming and splashing about her. 

Indeed, Bhe began to peep and cry, 

When her mother wouldn't let her; 
" If the ducks can swim there, why can't I; 
Are they any bigger or better ?" 

Then the old hen answered, "Listen to me, 

And quit your foolish talking ; 
Just look at your feet, and you will see 

They were only made for walking." 

But ehicky wistfully eyed the brook, 

And didn't half believe her, 
For she seemed to say, by a knowing look, 

Such stories couldn't deceive her. 

And as her mother was scratching the ground, 
She muttered lower and lower; 
" I know I can go there and not be drowned, 
And so I think I'll show her." 

Then she made a plunge, where the stream was deep, 

And saw too late her blunder ; 
For she hadn't hardly time to peep 

Till her fooUsh head went under. 

And now I hope her fate will show 

The child, my story rending, 
That those who are older sometimes know 

What you will do well in heeding. 

That each content in his place should dwell, 

And envy not his brother; 
And any part that is acted well 

Is just as good as another. 

For we all have our proper sphere below, 
And this is a truth worth knowing ; 

You will come to grief if you try to go 
Where you never was made for going! 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



CHARADE. 



I am composed of 15 letters. 

Sly 1, 4, '5, G, is a territory in the United States. 

My 2, 3, is a preposition. 

My 15, 12, 13, 14, 11, 15, is a class of people. 

My 0, 5. 7, is something to eat. 

My 4, 6, 8, 7, 5, 15, is a man's name. 

My 11, 13, 14, is the name of an ore. 

My whole is the name of a range of mountains in Utah. 

Matthias Cowley. 

Tlie solution will be inserted in the next number but one; if 
any of our young readers forward us correct solutions in time to 
publish in that number their names shall be inserted. 



crxjvEzsriXjE i^ststrtjqtor 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &, PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 50. 

Iff Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will be 
received nt the office of our paper— Dkbeket News Buildings. 



'.'■'.A' J. -J 




