
-f©^ 






THERE are but few of our little readers who have not heard 
of Louis Napoleon Bonaparte, or, to give his name in full ! 
Charles Louis Napoleon Bonaparte. He is a very noted man, 
and is now the Emperor of the French. The engraving which 
we give herewith is a portrait of him. 

He is not the first of the nams; his uncle was a very famous 
man; his name was Napoleon Bonaparte. He rose from the 
rank of Lieutenant of 
artillery, to be the Em- 
peror of the French. 
His life reads like a 
romance. His military 
genius and ambition 
terrified the nations ot 
Europe, but from be- 
ing their terror, he be- 
came their prisoner. 
The Duke of Welling- 
ton, an English Gene- 
ral, gained a great vic- 
tory over him at Water- 
loo. This was on the 
18th of June, 1815. 
His army was over- 
thrown; but he escajied 
from the field, and, it 
is said, hoped to be able 
to reach the United 
States. The English 
war vessels were on the 
watch, however, and he 
could not evade them. 
He gave himself up to 
the captain of one of 
them, and claimed the 
hospitality of England. 
But he was sent a pris- 
oner to the Lsland of 
St. Helena, where he 
died after being in 
bondage nearly tis. 
years. 

The wife of the Emperor Napoleon I. was Josephine. She 
was a widow and had two children— Eugene and Hortense. 
Hortense was married by tbc Emperor to his brother Louis. 
He made Louis King of Kcjlland. The i)rescnt Emperor was 
tlicir third son, and when he was born (IsOs) his uncle was in 
the Iiiglit of hi.s glory, and, of course, that glory reflected upon 



every member of his family. At Louis Napoleon's birth the 
prospects of the family were very brilliant; but, when Napoleon 
I. fell, all these prospects were dashed to the ground. Louis 
was then dead and Queen Hortense went into exile with her 
two sons. She moved from place to place, her chief employ- 
ment being the education of her sons. Louis Napoleon dis- 
played the greatest eagerness for study, and ardently pursued 

all knowledge bearing 
upon military matters. 
When these boys grew 
up they asked the King 
of France, Louis Phil- 
ippe, to allow them to 
return to France; but 
he refused. They after- 
wards took part in a 
revolution iu Italy, but 
their party was defeat- 
ed and they became 
fugitives. The elder 
brother was stricken 
down with fever and 
died in Louis Napo- 
leon's arms. This was 
in the year 183 1. The 
only way that Louis 
Napoleon could escape 
from the Austrians at 
this time was by wear- 
ing the livery of a foot- 
man. He succeeded in 
reaching France, and 
with his mother, went 
to Paris. He was sick 
there, and his mother 
asked permission to re- 
main for a short time; 
but her request was 
denied, and they went 
to London. In a short 
time they went to Swit- 
zerland. Li 1S;JI, he 
concluded he would go to France and try his influence with the 
! French soldiers. Ho had an idea that they would desert Louis 
Philippe and follow him, because he was a Bonaiiarte. But he 
) was disaiipointed. He was made prisoner and was placed in a 
I dungeon. Louis Philijipe laughed at the idea of this young 
j Bonaparte trying to get the throne, and he shipped him ufl to 




fe^^' 



■^^^i 



.v*ef 



114r 



CTTJ'VEn^Tini.E in^STI^TJOTOI^, 



^^u 



the United States. lieariug that his mother was dangerously 
ill, he returned to Switzerland, though bj' so doing he risked 
his liberty and perhaps his life. She died two months after his 
arrival. The French government demanded him of Switzerland, 
and he left there and went to England. It is told of him that 
on one of his visits to England he acted as a special policeman 
on one occasion in London. 

With a few followers he made another attempt to overthrow 
the government Jof Louis Philippe. He sailed from Margate, 
England, to Boulogne, France. He was again captured, was 
tried before the Chamber of Peers, found guilty of high trea- 
son and was condemned to perpetual imprisonment. But six 
years had scarcely elapsed befoie he contrived to escape in the 
disguise of a workman. Again he went to London. Shortly 
after this the government of Louis Philippe was overthrown, 
who was compelled to flee, and a republic was established. He 
and the other members of the Bonaparte family were then per- 
mitted to return to France. Shortly afterwards he put himself 
in nomination for election as president of the republic, and was 
voted in by an overwhelming majority. By a bold stroke, 
known in history as the coii]^ d'c'at, he overthrew French lib- 
erty and contrived to secure his re-election, not for four but 
for ten years. The nest 3'ear he appealed to the votes of the 
people for the title of Emperor, which was granted. The nest 
year (18.53) he married Eugenie, Countess de Faba, a Spanish 
lady, who has borne him a son. 

Louis Napoleon has wielded great power since he became 
Emperor. Though not so warlike and aggressive as his uncle, 
he is a man of great ability, and has been much feared in Eu- 
rope. His power and influence have been waning of late. He 
tried to establish an empire in Mexico, and have Maximilian, 
an arch-duke of Austria, be the Emperor. His scheme was a 
complete failure. Masimilian was captured and shot, and the 
blame of his death has rested to a great extent upon Louis 
Napoleon. What the future has in store for the latter remains 
to be seen. He holds his position more by force than by love. 
He has many active enemies, and should a favorable opportu- 
nity present itself he may be overthrown, and die in compara- 
tive obscurity, or he may yet distinguish himself still more than 
he has done, for he is a man of commanding abilities. 

One of his biographers thus writes about this remarkable 
man: 

"Born in a palace, for a while the heir-presumptive of the 
greatest mdnarch in Europe, he was afterwards thrown head- 
lon!5 from that high estate, and condemned, in obscurity and 
exile, to associate with the sons of tradesmen and farmers; to 
be to-day the coimpanion of cardinals, popes, and kings, and to 
sleep to-morrow on a heap of stones in the street, in the dis- 
guise of a livery servant; to be hidden during eight days, iu a 
burning fever, in the midst of Austrian troops, who were eager 
to take his life; to fight as a common soldier and a rebel, in ihe 
hope of overthrowing a hateful form of despoti.sm; to liave his 
brother die in his arms; to wander about in sickness, hunger, 
and dejection; to take refuse in common taverns; to tread the 
soil of France as an outlaw, at the peril of his life; to organize 
repeated Insurrections; to be in prison; to lie in a dungeon; to 
write treatises on pauperism and the sugar question; to mingle 
with the haufjhty nobles of England ai a tournament; to be the 
president nf a republic; to take advantage of the oppf>rlunity 
thusatlordcd of making himself emperor; to be the ally, on 
terms of equality, otthe stronaest government in Europe; and, 
in conjunction with Great Britain, to subdue the armies of Rus- 
sia, and to compel her Czir tosue huuihly for peace in that cap- 
ital which, forty-two years before, on that self-same day, he 
had entered as a conqueror " 



WISDOM. — She is more precious than rubies; and all the 
things thou canst desire are not to be comjiared unto her. 
Length ol days is in her right hand; and in her left hand riches 
and honor. Her ways are ways of pleasantness, and all her 
paths are peace. 



Fo7- the Juvenile Instructor. 



"Imbl^H ol €ammatt ®|ittg$* 



O ^ I?. B O 2sr 



IF a piece of wood is placed in an iron vessel, the mouth of 
which is closed with clay in such a manner as to allow any 
gases which are generated to escape, upon placing it in the 
fire, to become red hot, all the volatile matter of the wood will 
escape. Upon examining the wood, after the vessel is cool, it 
will be found changed in appearance. It is carbon, or charcoal; 
a black, porous, opaque substance, without smell, and insoluble 
in water. All vegetable matter submitted to the same baking 
process, leaves a residuum of carbon; animal matter also, 
when distilled, loaves a cinder containing that substance. 

But it is with the element called carbon, we have now to do, 
of which the black, chaiTcd mass gives a very imperfect idea. 
The diamond is also carbon in a crystalized lorm; the black- 
lead in our pencils is the same substance in another form. 
Coke, coal, lamp-black are all modifications of this element. 

Hold a piece of glass over the candl^ or lamp, it is blackened; 
oil and fat contain carbon, white and opaque in the candle, 
transparent as water in the naptha of the lamp. Take the 
charcoal made by distillation, as described above, and burn it. 
It is still carbon, although unseen; it has united with another 
element, it is dissolved in the oxygen of the air, it is C 2 0, 
carbonic acid gas. 

There is another proportion in which oxygen unites with 
carbon. When a cast iron stove gets very hot, or, when a 
sheet iron stove gets red hot, C O (carbonic oxide) is formed. 
The reason why there is a difference in cast and sheet iron is, 
the first is more Dorous than the other. The cast iron, at a 
high temperature allows carbon to pass through its pores, when 
it only becomes imperfectly oxidized, one atom of C plus one 
atom of 0. This gas is very poisonous, it is combustible and 
may be seen burning in the fire, at times, when the draught is 
not good. It burns with a beautiful pale blue flame. When 
burning it unites with another proportion of 0X3-gen, forming 
C 2 (carbonic acid.) But when iron is red hot, whether it is 
cast or wrought iron, the carbonic acid existing in the atmos- 
phere is acted on, one half of its oxygen is removed and it be- 
comes converted into carbonic oxide. 

There are, then, two distinct compounds of carbon and oxy- 
gen, both of which are poisonous gases when breathed into 
the limgs, unless largely diluted, as, for instance, in the air we 
breathe; it is only in badly ventilated rooms, where there is 
danger from an excess of carbonic acid, and where there are 
stoves without proper chimneys, that carbonic oxide is danger- 
ous. 

The gases may be readily formed for experimental purposes, 
as will be explained in a subsequent lesson; it is well, however, 
to remember the properties named, as affecthir/ life, for the 
breathing of impure air kills, just as surely, if not so quickly, 
as a more concentrated poison! 

The supply of carbon to plants is by means of carbonic acid, 
by processes which have been explained in a former article, the 
oxygen is separated, and the solid vegetable tissues are built up. 
It will be reiuembered that everj' time we expire from the lungs 
carbonic acid gas is removed. The way to demonstrate this 
has been .shown: by passing the breath through lime water. 
We can now understand better the reason of this. Lime water 
is a solution of caustic lime, that is, of lime which has been 






^ 



a"Tj"V^EisriLE imrsTi^-croTOi?. 



115 



TC^ 



deprived by burning of its carbonic acid. Upon passing the 
breatli through such a solution, carbonic acid is restored to the 
caustic lime, bringing it bacli again to the condition of common 
chalk, which is technically called carbonate of lime. In this 
way the human breath may be analysed, for the nitrogen is 
set free from the carbonic acid, which is now solidified in the 
chalk. 

Such are some of the piotean-llke changes to which carbon 
is subject; even the carbonic acid gas itself can, by means with- 
in the reach of science, be converted, by pressure and intense 
cold, into, first, a liquid, and afterwards into a solid state. In 
this condition the mass is not black; the oxycen in union with 
the carbon, modifies it. Neither is carbon black in the spark- 
ling, delicious water, which owes its life-giving qualities to the 
presence of carbon in union with oxygen. Neither is it black 
in the paper we are now reading, although it is a constituent of 
the paper, quite as much as it is of the ink upon the surface- 
Perhaps the beautiful diamond, after all, more nearly resembles 
the element carbon, than the sooty lamp black, or the harsh, 
black charcoal of the smithy! Beth. 

(To be Continued.) 






^J 



"ITTHAT is this?" said Lawrence, picking up a piece of 

*I glass from the floor. "It looks like a broken ther- 
mometer-tube." 

"It was blown for one," said the gaffer. 

"Blown? — so small!" exclaimed Lawrence. I can't find any 
hole in it" 

"It has a hole, or lore, as we call it — of the usual size, but 
it is flat. That is to make a very little mercury look to be a 
good deal. Do you .see a narrow white stripe running the 
length of the tube?" Lawrence saw it, and said he had often 
observed the stripe in the backs of thermometers, but had 
never learned what it was for. 

"It is a background to see the mercury against. Would you 
like to see such a tube made? Come here. Watch this man " 

With delight and curiosity Lawrence watched. The man 
was gathering a lump of metal from one of the pots. He blew 
into it gently, and shaped it on a mavver, flattening it until it 
resembled in form and size that part of a sword-hilt that is 
grasped by the hand. 

"In flattening it," said the gaffer, "he flattened the bubble 
of air he had blown into it." Lawrence looked, and could see 
the bubble, about as broad as his finger, extending through the 
glass. "That is to be the bore of the thermometer — though of 
itself it is now larger than two or three of the thermometer 
tubes. Now they are going to put on the stripe." 

A bny brought a lump of melted opaque white glass on a 
ponty. It was touched to the now hardened sword-hilt, and 
drawn from end to end along the flat side, leaving a stripe 
about as broad as a lady's finger. The sword hilt, with the 
stripe carefully pressed down and hardened upon it, was now 
plunged into a pot of melted glass, and thickly coated; the soft 
exterior was rounded on a marver, until the entire body of glass, 
enclosing the stripe and the flattened bore, was in size and 
and shape a little longer and considerably larger than a banana. 

This was now slowly heated to a melting state. Then came 
forward a boy with a ponty, bearing on its end a piece of glass 
resembling an inverted conical inkstand. This he set uprisht 
on the ground, the bottom of the inkstand uppermost. The 
blower, with the melting lump, now advanced, and held it over 
the ponty, until the soft mass dropped down and touched the 



bottom of the inkstand, to which it adhered. The man and 
the boy held the lump a moment between them; and then, at 
the word of command, the buy shouldered his ponty, like a 
very large staff with a very small bundle on the end of it, and 
set out to travel. As he ran in one direction, into a workroom, 
the man backed off in the other, t:,e glowing lump stretching 
between them like some miraculous kind of spruce gum. In a 
minute they were seventy or eighty feet apart with a gleaming 
curd of glass, smaller than a pipe stem, sagging between them. 
This was presently lowered, laid out at its full length upon the 
ground, and broken from what was left of the lump at the 
ends. 

Even the Doctor, who had hitherto said little, now expressed 
his astonishment and admiration, exclaiming, "It is marvelous! 
it is truly marvelous!" 

"Of course," said the gaffer, "the bore stretches with the 
tube, and keeps its flattened shape. So does the stripe." 

"But what keeps the tube of uniform size? Why don't it 
break?" said Lawrence. 

"The reas n is this. As the glass runs out thin, it cools, and 
stops stretching, while it continues to draw out the soft glass 
from the thicker parts at the ends. If we wish to make a smal] 
tube, we stretch it quick, without giving it much time to cool. 
To make a laige tube we stretch slower. Here is a piece of 
barometer tubing, stretched in the same way; so is this lot of 
homoepathic medicine vials. " The "vial.-i" were a small stack 
of hollow glass canes, about five feet in length, .standing in a 
corner of the work room, into which the visitors had followed 
the boy. "Though, of course," added the gaffer, "to make 
them, we don't flatten the bore, but only blow it larger." 

"Then how are vials made out of these tubes?" 

"They are cut into pieces of the right length, then thebottoms 
are melted and closed in by means of a common blow pipe, 
such as chemists use." 

Lawrence was about to ask a similar question with regard to 
thermometers, when a man came along, and, stooping, com- 
menced cutting the long tube into uniform lengths of about 
five feet, and parking them together into a narrow, long box. 

"These," said the gaffer, "he sends to his shop in Boston, — 
for he is a thermometer maker; there they are cut up into tubes 
of the right length; an end of each one is melted and blown 
out into a bulb, — the tube itself serving as a very small blowing- 
pipe. To avoid getting moisture into the bull?, instead of 
breath from the mouth, air from a small india-rubber bag is 
used. As the bag is squeezed at one end, the bulb swells at the 
other." 

"Then how is the mercury put in? So small a bore!" said 
Liwrenoe, trying to find it with a pin point. 

"The glass is heated, and that expands the air in it, and ex- 
pels the greater part of it. As the air that is left cools and 
contracts, it is made to suck in the mercury. To expel the rest 
of the air, the mercury is boiled in the tube. When there is 
enough mercury in the tube to fill it, at as h'gh a degree of 
temperature as it is expected ever to go, the end is softened, 
bent over, and closed up. As the mercury cools and contracts, 
it loaves a vacuum at the upper end of the tube." — Our 
Young Folks. 



A LITTLE boy, seeing a man sauntering about a public-house 
door, counting some money held in his hand, and evidently 
about to go into the public-house, step))ed up to him and said, 
"Don't go in there." The man put his hand, with the 
money, in his pocket, thanked the little boy for his advice, and 
did not go in. 



•^ 



fe 



<^li^^ 116 



CrU'VEIsrilliE] IlTSTI^TJOTOI^. 





GEOKGE Q. CA.TS-]V01V, : i:T>lTOK. 

SATURDAY, JULY IV, 18f.9. 



UCH firing of guiis, exploding of crackers, 

and fizzing of Roman candles and rockets 

as there were in this city on the evening of 

the 3rd of July were scarcely ever heard 

here before. Almost every boy one met on 

the street had his pockets full of articles 

to fire ofi', and it was pop, pop, pop on 

every hand. Some boys were very reckless 

with their gunpowder, and crackers and 

fire. Several girls had their dresses burned 

by mischievous boys throwing crackers at them. 

This was very bad. When a boy obtains his 

fun by teasing or injuring some other person, 

he takes a mean way of gratifying himself. 

We expect there were very many persons in town 

who were glad when all this firing and noise had ceased, 

for they are not pleasant to people of weak nerves. 

The Fourth was Sunday,so Independence Day was 
commemorated on the fifth, and a glorious day it was 
too. The weather was exceedingly fine, and every one appear- 
ed to be in excellent humor. The procession through the 
streets was exceedingly grand, and although we greatly admired 
the display of fruits, grains, vegetables and workmanship of 
various kinds which were in the procession, yet we thought 
the numerous children, who wire out in their day and Sunday 
schools, dressed in their best and wearing happy faces, the 
most beautiful feature in the scene. And then their appear- 
ance in the New Tabernacle was magnificent. The services 
were rather long, but they sat very patiently until they were 
ended. The children will probably never forget the celebra- 
tion of Independence in 1S69. 




J^oi' the Juvenile Instructor. 

.A-l^OiSTG- THE IOE!BE"E?.C3-S. 



CHAPTER II. 



ON THE OCEAN— SEA SICKNESS. 



"XTESTERDAY completed our plans, and this morning we 
1 are ready to sail. A lovely dawning greets us. All nature 
looks happy and smiling, and the waves of the ocean are glitter- 
ing in the sunlight, and seem to invite us to hasten and meet 
them. Our little vessels too, with their sails ready to be un- 
furled to the breeze, seem to beckon appealingly tons to hasten 
aboard and loosen them from their moorings, that they may 
Sail "far away on the billow. " And we, who are to form the 
crews of those two noble little vessels, are fully as anxious to 
sail, that we may experience some of the novelties of a life on 
the ocean; but, like all others, we want to bid our friends and 
relatives good-bye. We want to take with us their parting 
adieus, good wishes and prayers. Summons comes that all is 
ready; we must ha?ten away. Our captain, who has spen 
many years on the waters, and who has visited the Arctic Re- 



gions, is anxious to get his little squadron underway; and as he 
is our chosen commander, we hasten to obey his orders. 

All aboard, we set sail, and are soon gliding over the ocean. 
"God bless you.'' "A speedy return," and such like ejacula- 
tions are wafted to our ears as we sail away. The distance be- 
tween us and land increases until we are losing sight of the 
church spires, steeples and cities along the coast together; 
they become mere specks in the distance, and are lost to view. 
Our course will be northward on the Atlantic Ocean, up through 
Davis' Straits, into Baffin's Bay, then a westerly course 
through Lancaster Sound, and as much farther as will add in. 
terest and pleasure to the voyage. We soon realize the trans- 
ition from land and home associations, to the discomforts and 
inconvenience of a life on the waters, for with its pleasures and 
novelties, we must expect some trials connected with a "hfe on 
the ocean wave and a home on the rolling deep." 

Sea sickness is the beginning of our annoyances. The rock- 
ing of the vessel has, with a few exceptions, made all on board 
sick; and although we are not so bad as to wish ourselves at 
home again, we heartily wish for a change of feelings; a change 
for the better. Many with pale faces and gloomy countenances, 
are casting up their last meal of victuals. Others, lessafiected, 
are disposed to have a little fun at the expense of their unfor- 
tunate companions. Hard hearted creatures! But just wait a 
few hours; perhaps their sympathies will be aroused after 
awhile. They only need a little of our experience in the matter 
to understand fully the disagreeable feelings with which we arc 
afflicted. Perhaps they will be like the sea-sick traveler, who^ 
the first hour was afraid he would die, and the next, wished he 
could. But we must not get discouraged at such little annoy- 
ances as these, for "life is a sea of troubles," and this, when 
compared with others, can hardly be considered one of them. 
Night is closing around us, and we realize more fully our posit- 
ion. A heavy breeze is setting in, and the vessel is rocking and 
rolling with the apparent intention of upsetting us all into the 
sea if possible. With such a jarring, of course, our condition 
is not improved; but we are consoled in the thought that our 
companions, who were so mirthful over our first attack, are in 
no condition for jollity, but like ourselves, fate has decreed that 
they must suffer a little also. Everything that has not a firm 
hold, is tumbling and rolling into the middle of the floor. The 
lamps can scarcely burn for shaking, but shed a glimmering 
light over the pale faces of the crew, who are unable to main- 
tain a standing position. 

What a sick, but hopeful set of juveniles we are. Surely to- 
morrow will produce a change, and the time must come when 
we can laugh over this, our first day on the ocean; when enjoy* 
ing the blessing of sound health, we can almost forget that such 
a day has been added to the many that make up our lives. The 
chaplain calls us to prayers; he had better come to us, for at 
the rate the vessel is plunging along, we would prefer not 
to change our positions for fear, like the pots and kettles on 
board, we should be rolled we know not whither, except it be to 
the farthest limits of the cabin, and there left to the mercy of 
some of our less afflicted brothers and sisters, who might take 
pity on us and put us to bed. 

Our captain is as tranquil as a summer's morning, and as- 
sures us that in a few days all will be well. Thus ends our first 
day on the ocean, and we retire to our berths. "To find a little 
rest in sleep; perchance to dream of home." 

Rajitil\. 
■ {To he Continued) 



Which will you do, smile and make others happy, 
cross and make everybody around you miserable. 



or be 



fSc^ 





a"TJ"VEZNriLE] IIETSTI^TJGTOIS/. 



117 r(C^- 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 



HERE is a very interesting group of children. The three 
girls appear to be sitting on a rock or bank under a little 
tree, and the eldest is reading a book aloud, while the other 
two arc listening very attentively. The little one is playing 
with the flowers, or throwing stones into the brooklet, while 
the boy is playing with the dog, who seems disposfed to share 
what his young master has in his bowl. But they all appear so 
contented and happy, just as good boys and girls always do. 
There is no fighting or quarreling amongst them, even the dog 
looks pleased. You see those little girls love their books, and 
would rather read and learn something, than to spend all their 
time in noisy play artd bad company. They are likely to be- 
come good, intelligent and useful women; and so can you if 
you wish. If you have learned to read j'ou will find great 
pleasure in perusing a good book, and if you have not, j'ou can 
ask your papa and mamma to tell you about the sun, moon and 
stars, and who mad« them all; and about the earth you live on. 




the'mountains and rivers, and rocks, the trees, iflowCrs, fruits, 
vegetables and grainy and then about the animals and of what use 
they are, and learn how good God has been to give us all that 
is necessary for our happiness. Do not be afraid to ask ques- 
tions, and find out all you want to know. And then by and 
by you must learn your letteis and learn to read, so that you 
can understand what God saj's to you in the Bible, the Book 
of Mormon and the Book of Doctrine and Covenants; and 
you will find a great many things in those books that will be 
very interesting-, even to little folks like you. 



"WILHIEILi^^^, THE I^ZInTI^E- 
G-R.I2SrnDEI?y. 



From "Ji[EN Who Have Risen." — Published by Allen <E Co. 

Neiii Yor/Ci 



ICONCLUDED.] 



BRUSSELS is a fine city. There is the Park, With its fine, 
broad gravel Walks, and its old green shady walnut-trees, 
and then there is the Botanic Garden, with its orange grove ag 
old as the Prince of Orange himself, and there arc galleries, 
and museums, and many other sights, all agreeable to look 
upon and profitable to contemplate. Rittcr Van Ostt would ask 
Lelie Voss to accompany him to all these places, and Lelie, who 
had been at them already with Wilhelm, would refuse, and de- 
clare that she had sufTiciontly seen them; and then Rittcr would 
appeal to Wilhelm, who, remembering how happy]shc had been 



with him, would urge her to go for her own sake, but always 
in such tones that Lelie would still refuse three times out of 
five. And what Was it that stirr-.d Wilhelm Voss when Lelie 
would reluctantly go with Ritter? Was it the old sensation of 
his poor and lonely j'ears— his sense of fricndlessness that came 
back upon him? It was a strange vague feeling — a dread of 
nothingness, that stote over his heart as if to extinguish it. 
Ah, if Lelie were to leave him now! and then the tears would 
rush into his manly eyes, and Wilhelm knew that he loved her. 
It is a truth, and an almost universal one, that the strongest 
and most beautiful minds feel most sensitively the ojipression 
of corporal infirmities. Wilhelm was lame, and he knew that 
Lelie was surpassing beautiful. He was only twelve years her 
senior, and he had known, loved, and tended her longer than 
any other mortal had; but though he had deemed himself fit to 
be a father and instructor to Lelie, he was convinced that she 
would har lly reckon him a £c companion to brighten and sus- 
tain her life — a worthy object to whom she might apply the 
name of husband. 

"Ahl well, Wilhelm, I shall te'l Myneer Van Ostt to walk 
by himself, henceforth," said Lelie, gravely, as she threw off 
her cloak and hood after one of her walks. "I am done with 
him." 

"And why, dear Lelie?" said Wilh-olm. 

"For various weighty reasons," said Lelie, smiling, "but 
chiefly on my own account." 

"And how on j'our own account?" said Wilhelm, earnestly, 

"Lest I should fall in love with so stupid a creature," said 
Lelie, laughing; "and then, you know, according to j'our theory, 
I should become like him." 

Wilhelm was silent for a few moments, and then he said, 
"So you would prefer some other companion to Ritteu 
Lelie?" 

"Ay, that I would, to all the Hitters in the Netherlands. 
Do you think, my own Wilhelm, that I am happy when I am 
in the gardens with Ritter Van Ostt? Ah, if you do, how mis- 
taken you are!" 

Wilhelm was troubled, and then quietly said, "Ritter Van 
Ostt is a man of substance and of honest fame " 

"Oh, fame!" cried Lelie, interrupting him; "that he blows 
forth most lustily himself; they should put a trumpet in his 
hand when they erect his statue on the top of the Town- 
House. ' 

"I have asked you to go with Ritter merely because I though' 
it would be pleasant for you to see the green trees, and to in ■ 
hale the fragrance of the flowers." 

"Then you should c^me with us if you wish them to bo beau- 
tiful in themselves, or agreeable to me," said Lelie, with charm- 
ing naivete. 

Wilhelm looked at his protege in amazement, and then a 
sweet smile overspread his face, as he replied, "And so you 
prefer to talk to Wilhelm and to walk with him, although he 
is not the finest talker or walker in Belgium." 

"This hearth is the brightest spot I know or have ever 
known on earth," said Lelie, in low, tremulous, earnest tones. 
"This face is the handsomest to me in the world, "she continued, 
as she leant upon Wilhelm's breast and spread back the dark 
curls from his brow. "These lips have ever been the sweetest 
exponents of wisdom and goodness that I have known. Ah, 
Wilhelm, Wilhelm! what should poor Lelie do if you were to 
bid her leave you?" 

The knife-grinder caught the earnest tearful girl in his anas, 
and he gazed into her face. Was he dreaming? Was this 
some passing illusion too bright to last? Ah! no; for truth in 
its integrity and purity was reflected in her oyos. Through tho 
vista of a few years ho saw himself a poor and ragged youth, 
friendless and almost spiritless, plodding the streets of kia 



'bt^ 






i^X ' 118 



J- TJ "V" E 3^ I n. E i:n"sti^tjctoi^ 






native city for the precarious bread derived from a precarious 
calling. He saw a little girl thrown in his path, even more 
friendless and wretched than he. The pohtical economist who 
draws conclusions only after casual reflections and with arith- 
metical precision, would inevitably have seen in the adoption of 
this child by Wilhelm an addition to his misery; but, by a law 
which political economists and philosophers have never been 
able to write down, the blessing had come with the burden. A 
good deed more than rewards itself; the deed is but the action 
of a moment; the reward begins on earth, and goes on increas- 
ing through eternity. From a drooping, almost satisfied, son 
of poverty, 'Wilhelm, by the stirring of the nobler impulses of 
his nature, had grown slowly and gradually into a refined and 
honored man, and Lelie, from a beggar and an outcast, had 
been trained into beauty, goodness, and virtue. 

"Well, Wilhelm, I consider it but right as a matter of cour- 
tesy, and whatnot?" said Ritter. Ritter always finished his 
sentences with tho words, "and what not." "I consider it 
right," said he, "to let you know that it is time Lelie was mar- 
ried." 

"I was thinking so myself," said Wilhelm, as he leant over 
his counter, and smiled in the face of Van Ostt. 

"And I consider it but right to let you know that I mean to 
liave her, which, I dare say, will be as agreeable to you as to 
lier, and what not?" said Ritter, cocking up his beaver and 
swelling out his cheeks. 

"As agreeable to the one as to the other, doubtless," replied 
Wilhelm, quietly. 

"You are a man of substance, Yoss," said the skinner, look- 
ing more important than ever he had done, "and it is to be 
hoped that you will be liberal to the girl." 

"I have never laid past a stiver but her .share was in it," 
said AVilhelm, seriously; she shall have my all when she mar- 
ries." 

"I always said that j'ou was a good fellow and a liberal fel- 
low, and what not?" said Ritter, grasping Wilhelm's hand, 
and slapping him on the .shoulder with the other. "Odds 
Bobs, man, how glad we shall be to see thee in the evenings!" 

"I shall keep at home in the evenings as hitherto," replied 
the knife-grinder, with a nieriy twinkle in his eye; "my wife 
will feel lonely without me else." 

"Your wife?" said Ritter, staring at Wilhelm; "who is she? 
when is it to be? and what not?" 

"Why, Lelie has her wedding garments to make, and what 
not?" said Wilhelm, laughing outright; "but whenever she says 
the word, I am ready." 

"Lelie! you!" cried Ritter in amazement, as he looked at 
Wilhelm, and then, strutting up and down the shop, looked 
first at his limbs, and then at tho cloth of his doublet. "Well, 
who ever heard of the like." 

"Ay, ay, Ritter, and so you envied me of my little girl, did 
you?" said Wilhelm, smiling; "she wouldn't have you, though, 
although you weie twice as large and rich as you are. I shall 
take care and give thee a bidding, however, to our wedding." 

Wilhelm and Lelie Yoss were the father and mother of hon- 
est burghers, and of burghers' lovely wives. Every body loved 
them who knew them, and their children almost adored them; 
but there was a class of children who had reason, above all 
others, to bless their name, and to rejoice that prosperity had 
not made them forget their own early days. The poor and 
outcast children of humanity, who roamed the streets in rags, 
were ever recognised by Wilhelm as brethren in ;lou1 and suffer- 
ing; and little girls who trembled on the verge of youthful 
liurity ajad irreclaimable vice, were .sisters to the besom of 
Madame Lelie. - Holj, purifying suffering! which, like the 
crucible of clay that is 'continent of gold, refines while it burns, ! 




how many have passed through thy ordeal preparatory to „ 
mission of love and benificence! 

Who so active as Wilhelm in founding the Foundling Hos- 
pital of Brussels? and who so careful in tending the school for 
orphans as Lelie? And Wilhelm and Lelie had means and 
time, too, to attend to these things; for he became burgomaster 
of all the crafts, and rich to boot, and lived at last in the Park 
where he once limped about, a poor itinerant knife-grinder. 



Foj- the Juvenile Inshiietor. 



iiUt mnuu. 







CHAPTER XIV, 



LITTLE WILLIE GROWN TO MANHOOD. 



FACEBY was not, in reality, a part of Willie's appointed 
field of labor. It was too far in the north to form a part 
of his district, but he was led there by the whisperings of the 
spirit of God, just as PhiUp was led to go and preach Jesus to 
the Eunuch. 

Willie now went to Knaresborough, nearly forty miles distant 
from Faceby, which was then the most central part of his labors. 
Here he visited a j'oung lady, an invalid, who had been con- 
fined to her bed for about ten years. This lady had long been 
favorable to the truth, and many of her Christian friends had 
become alarmed at her preference. She told Willie on his ar- 
rival, that a gentleman, a minister of the Reformed Methodist 
church, had just been to visit her. He told her that the Lat- 
ter-day Saints were a wicked people, and that they preached 
false doctrine; and requested that she would arrange with the 
nest "Mormon" Elder that should visit her, to meet him in 
her room, where they would have a conversation upon the doc- 
trines believed in by the"iMormons;"and he felt assured that he 
could tear away the mask, and prove to her that "Mormonism" 
was entirely without foundation. 

After narrating the above, she inquired whether Willie 
would meet the gentleman agreeable to his request. Willie 
answered that he would. A note was then written to the min- 
ister ana forwarded by a servant. On receipt of the note, the 
minister came in great haste. A formal introduction was given, 
and the minister, assuming much importance, took his seat. 

Minister. — "Are you a Mormon Elder?" 

Willie. — "I sometimes receive that appellat'on, sir," 

Minister. — "Well, of late, 1 have felt a great desire to have 
a conversation with a Mormon Elder. Please answer me can- 
didly: do you believe in the doctrine of baptism for the dead?'' 

Willie. — "May I be allowed to ask, sir, if you believe in bap- 
tism for the living." 

Minister. — "To be candid, sir, I must confess that I am not 
fully decided in its favor." 

Willie. — "I am of the opinion, sir, that we should appear 
more consistent were wc to discuss the doctrine of baptism for 
the living, and allow the dead to rest until our own case shall 
have been fully settled." 

Minister. — "Then, if you so urge the matter, we will turn 
our conversation upon baptism for the living, and after giving 
that subject due consideration, we will discuss your doctrine of 
baptism for the dead. When the jailor asked the apostle Paul 
what ho must do to be saved, Paul did not say go and be bap- 
tised, but ho simply said, believe on the Lord Jesus Christ." 



:2^' 





0" TJ V E! HT 1 31. E IIsTSTI^TJOTOI?. 



119 



Willie. — "Are you not mistaken, sir, for by continuing the 
same passage, we read that in the same hour of the night, the 
jailor and his household were baptised. If Paul did not tell 
them to be baptized, why were they baptized, and that, too, in 
the same hour of the night?" 

Minister. — "If they were baptized, the passage does not 
state that they were so commanded." 

Willie. — "It is evident that Paul told them to be baptised, 
or they would not have done it; besides if he did tell them so, 
it was only in perfect keeping with the words of Jesus to Nico- 
demus: 'except a man be born of water and of the spirit, he can 
not enter into the kingdom of God.' " 

Minister. — "Do 3'ou mean to say that a man cannot get into 
the kingdom of heaven unless he be baptized in water?" 

Willie. — "I only quoted the words of Jesus, sir. It is He 
who said so, in whose mouth guile was never found." 

Minister. — "Baptism cannot be essential to salvation; for 
there are many persons to whose condition baptism will not ap- 
ply, and to apply would be to violate the divine Word of God, 
as contained in the Holy Scriptures. For instance, this young 
lady has been confined to her bed for years, and to take her 
now, and put her into the water, God's word would be trans- 
gressed." 

Willie. — "In what respect, sir?" 

Minister. — "Well, I will prove it to you. 'Do thyself no 
harm.' Is that scripture? 

Willie.— "Yes, sir." 

Minister.—" 'Thou shalt not kill.' Is that scripture?" 

Willie.— '-Yes, sir." 

Minister. — "Then baptism cannot be essential to salvation, 
for here is a case to which it will not apply. Now, were you to 
baptise this lady in water, it is very probable that it would 
cause her death, and remember 'thou shalt not kill." And 
again, should it not be the cause of her death, it would most 
assuredly do her harm, and the scripture emphatically saj'S 'do 
thyself no harm." 

Willie. — "Allow me, sir, the privilege of quoting scripture 
in the abstract, as you now have done, and I can prove (allow- 
ing it to be your guide) that you are required to go and hang 
yourself." 

Minister. — "What did you say, sir, that j-ou could prove 
from the Bible that I must go and hang myself?" 

Willie.— "I did, sir." 

Minister. — "Then I demand your proof, sir." 

Willie. — ''Remember, sir, that I am to be allowed to quote 
scripture in the abstract, asj'ou have done." 

Minister. — "Proceed, sir." 

Willie, — " 'And Judas went out and hanged himself.' Is 
that scripture?" 

Minister.— "Yes sir." 

Willie. — " 'Go, thou, and do likewise.' Is that scripture, sir?" 

Here the minister would not answer. 

Willie. — "And 'what thou doest, do quickly.' Is that scrip- 
ture, sir?" The last question was too much for the minister. 
He rose from his seat in a fit of desperation, and frantically 
rushed into the street. Willie and the lady could not help 
laughing at his ludicrous appearance, and the unceremonious 
manner in which he had left them. Wm. W. B. 

( To he Continued. ) 



An old proverb says: "Good counsel breaks no man's 
head;" on which some one remarks: "But the neglect to take 
good counsel has not only broken many a man's head, but also 
many a man's heart." 




^ 



iapn-ijrtu. 






THE 




ESPECTING this exploring expedition, of 
which mention was made in the last number 
but one, Joseph said at a subsequent meet- 
ing that he wanted an exploration of all the 
mountain country. He said: 

"Send twenty-five men: let them preach 
the gospel wherever they go. Let that man 
go that can raise g.'jOO, a good horse and 
mule, a double-barreled gun, one-barrel rifle, 
and the other smooth bore, a saddle and bri- 
dle, a pair of revolving pistols, bowie-knife, 
and a good sabre. Appoint a leader, and let him 
beat up for volunteers. I want every man that 
goes to be a king and a priest. When he gets on 
the mountains he may want to talk witli his 
God; when with the savage nations have power 
to govern, etc. If we don't get volunteers, wait 
till after the election." 

At another meeting, which was held about this 
time, he gave some important instructions, and proph- 
esied that within five years the Saints should be out 
of the power of their old enemies, whether they were 
apostates or of the world. He told the brethren to record the 
prediction, that when it should come to pass they need not say 
they had forgotten the saying. This prophecy was uttered on 
the 25th of February, 1844. His words were most literally 
fulfilled. Within that five years mobs raged so violently that 
Nauvoo had to be abandoned, the Saints fled into the wilder- 
nes'. President Young and the pioneers who were with him 
found Salt Lake Valley, and selected it as a place of settlement, 
thousands of Saints removed here, and they were out of the 
power of their old enemies, and were a free people! No one 
without the spirit of inspiration could have foreseen and predict- 
ed such a series of events as occurred in rapid succession within 
the first five years succeeding the time when Joseph made this 
prediction. Within that period a mighty stride was taken by 
the Church of God towards that independence which the Lord 
has promised it shall possess. 

On the 7th of March Joseph held a general meeting within 
the walls of the Temple for the purpose of advancing the pro- 
gress of the Temple. There were present, besides himself, the 
Patriarch Hyrum Smith, President B. Young, and seven others 
of the Twelve, the Temple committee and about eight thousand 
Saints. In alluding to correspondence which had been sent to 
the newspapers east, in which it had been stated that the Tem- 
ple could not be built on account of it costing so much, he said: 

"Who does not know that we can put the roof on the build- 
ing this sensoD, if we had a mind to? By turning all the means 
from the Nauvoo House and doubling our diligence, we can 
do it." 

In the course of his remarks he made allusion to the objec- 
tions which were being made to the admission of Texas into the 
Union on account ot slavery. IIo thought it the very reason 
why she should be received. Said he: 

"The South holds the balance of power. By annexing Texas 
I can do away with this evil. As soon as Texas was annexed, 
I would liberate the slaves in two or three states, indemnifying 
their owners, and scml tlio negroes to Texas, and from 'i exas 
to Mexico, where all colors are alike. And if that was not 
sullioieut, I would call upon Canada, and annex it." 



v(f»f 




JU"v^E:]sriLEi in^sTi^TJOTOi?/ 



»fi. 



A day or two after this meeting the City Council met and 
took into consideration a petition which had been presented for 
the repeal of the hog law. Joseph made remarks upon the 
subject, and among other things said: 

"It is one reason why God withdrew his spirit from the 
earth, because the people were so ready to take the life of ani- 
mals." 

At different times Joseph enforced this idea on the minds of 

the people, and endeavored to teach them the propriety of 

treating all the animal creation kindly and as the works of God 

and not to wantonly kill or abuse them. ^ 

Never forget these teachings, children, and when you feel 

inclined, as many boys do, to kill snakes and toads, and to go 

hunting bi.ds and rabbits, and other animals, for the pleasure 

of shooting them and not because you are hungry and want the 

food, resist the inclination. It is not the spirit of God which 

leads people to kill birds, animals and other creatures for the 

mere sake of killing. When people are hungry then they 

have the privilege given unto them -ky the Lord to kill and eat 

to satisfy the cravings of hunger. But if every person on the 

earth would act upon the counsel and teachings of Joseph on 

this point, and only kill in times of necessity, what a delightful 

place the earth would be, and how the spirit of God would be 

poured out upon the people! The time will come when this 

happy condition of things will be brought about, in part, by 

mankind ceasing to kill; for when they no longer wage warfare 

against the animal creation then the words of the Lord through 

Isaiali will be fulfilled: 

The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the leopard shall 
lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the 
fatling together; and a little child sIihII lead them. 

And the cow and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall 
lie down together; and the lion shall eat straw like the ox. 

And the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and 
the weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice's deu. 

They shall not hurt nur d>'str(pv in all my holy mountain: 
for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the 
waters cover the sea. — Isaiah, Chap. A"/, ijth to 'Mh verses. 

About these days a man by the name of Bliller was preach- 
ing to the people in the Eastern States that the coming of 
Jesus was nigh at hand. He was very confident that he knew 
all about it, so much so that he asserted He would come on a 
certain day, and those who believed his doctrine prepared robes 
so as to be ready to meet Him, and arranged all their affairs in 
expectation of the event. There was considerable excitement 
in many places about these teachings, and considerable alarm 
prevailed upon the subject. Some years ago a gentleman with 
whom we became acquainted, told us an amusing instance which 
illustrates this feeling. He had sailed from the East on a whal- 
ing voyage, and previous to starting the captain and all hands 
had heard considerable about Miller's predictions about the de- 
struction of the world. The vessel doubled Cape Horn, and 
after cruising some time in the Pacific, they took their course 
for Monterey, California, with the intention of obtaining sup- 
plies. Day after day they ploughed their way eastv/ard, and 
it was noticed that the captain became very uneasy and had 
men constantly at the mast-head boking out for land. Colum- 
bus in pushin'-' his way westward, could not have been more 
anxious to discover land than this skipper appeared to be. 
But no land appeared in sight. Finally, the captain confidents 
ially imparted to this gentleman the terrible information that 
they had long ago passed over the place whore Monterey had 
been, and he had no doubt Father Miller's predictions had been 
fulfilled and the continent of America with the rest of the 
valid liad been destroyed at the time stated. How he imagined 
this atupeiidous event had occurred and they not have been 
aware of it, he did not cxjilain. He still continued, however 
to tail eastward, and cvcntuall}-, to his great relief, reached, 
Montcrej'. The continent had not moved; but it was the skip- 
per .that iad got .out of his reckoning. 



Joseph, in one of his sermons, which he delivered on the 10th 
of March, made a brief allusion to the coming of the SuTior. 
lie said: 

"I have asked of tlie Lord, concerning his coming; and while 
asking the Lord, he gave me a sign and said, 'In the days of 
Noah I set a bow in the heavens as a sign and token that in any 
year that the bow should be seen the Lord would not come; but 
there shou;d be seed tune and harvest during that year: but 
whenever you see the bow withdrawn; it shall be a token that 
there shall" be famine, pestilence, and great distress among the 
nations, and thnt the coming of t)ie Messiah is not fai distant.' 

"But I wdl take the responsibility upon myself to prophesy 
in the name of the Loni that Christ will not come this year, as 
Father Miller has prophesied, lor we have seen the bow; and I 
also prophesy, in the name of the Lord, that Christ will, not 
COME IN voETY YEARS; and if God ever spoke by my mouth 
be will not come in that length of time. Brethren, when you 
go home, write this down, that it may be remembered." 
{To be Continued.) 



TJLI^E OT^I^E. 



Little children, you must seek 

Rather to be good than wise. 
For the thoughts you do not speak 

Shine out in your cheeks and eyes. 

If you think that you can be 

Cross or cruel, and look fair, 
Let me tell you how to see 

You are quite mistakea_ there. 

Go and stand before the glass, 
And some ugly thought contrive, 

And my word will come to pass 
Just as sure as you're alive. 

What j'ou have, and what you lack, 
All the same as what you wear, 

You will see reflected back; 
So; my little folks, take care! 

And not only in tho glass 
Will your secrets come to view; 

All beholders, as they pass, 
■yViU perceive aud know them tjo. 

Goodness shows in blushes bright, 

Or in eyelids drooping down. 
Like a violet, from the light:'. 

Badness is a sneer or frown. 

Out of sight, my boys and girls. 

Every root of beauty starts; 
So think less about your curls. 

More about your miuds and hearts. 

Cherish what is good, and drive 

Fvil thoughts and feelings far; 
For, as sure as you're alive; 
Yoa wdl show for what you avc— Selected. 



Is publibhed in Salt Lake City, Ut:iU Territory 
KVKRY OTHER SATURDxiY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Siiir/le Copy, per Annum • • • • 
Simjle Copy, for Six Months- 



.?3 00 
. 150 



»»■ It la expected where ngents forward names tliey will be responsible 
for the pixnei-s tlius ordered; iiud wlien Ciish payments arc made, they will 
please forvvard tliem with the letter eontainin;; the names of the subscribers. 

tS- Klder Win. II. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Ajjent lor 

^"*S^ Grain''broun-Iit to this City for the Ji-VKNii.F, Instbuctor will be 
rciccived at the oftitc of our puper-UESlii.ET Niiws 13'JILDi.ngs. 



i? 




