

HOLINESS TO THE LORD, 

r 





VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CTTY. SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1874. 



NO. 6 



"W J^. S IK I IN" C3- FEET I3ST TBI IE IE_^ST. 



IN the Eastern countries the people generally wore sandals. 
which were thin soles of leather, or goat skin, or palm 
leaves, and were fastened to the foot by means of straps. The 
feet were thus exposed to the rays of the burning sun, and to 
the sand or dust of the roads, so that it was very refreshing to 
have them washed after a journey. The first kindness that a 
host did the traveler was to to send a servant to wash his feet, 
and the feet of all who were with him. 



when the two angels visited Lot. he rose up and 
now, my lords, turn in, I pray you, into your 



After that, 
said, "Behol 
servant's house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet." 

When Abraham's servant went to find a wife for Isaac, 
Laban, Rebekah's brother, said to him, "Come in, thou 
blessed of the Lord." And Laban "gave straw and provender 
for the camels, and water to wash his feet, and the men's feet 
that were with him." 





We read about this custom as far back as the time of 
Abraham. In Genesis xviii. we are told that when the 
three holy beings visited Abraham on the plains of Mamre, he 
said, "My lord, if now I have found favor in thy sight, pass 
not away, I pray thee, from thy servant. Let a little water. 
I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet, and rest yourselves 
under the tree." 



THE LIBRARY OF THE 
^KERET^SUfJDAY^SCHQOl, UNJON BOAPfi 



You remember, also, the story of Joseph. Wnen in 
brothers brought Benjamin with them, Joseph told the ruler of 
his house that they should dine with him. "And the man 
brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them water, 
and they washed their feet. 

When the feet of the stranger were not washed, it was con- 
sidered as a slight, and a sign that lie was nut really welcome 



£>u NUKIH MAIN STREET 
SALT LAKE CITY I, UTAH 





62 



JUVBITIIjB I1TSTBUGTOB. 




When Jesus went to the house of Simon the Pharisee, he was 
not thought worthy to have his feet washed. But a poor 
woman, who had been a great sinner, and was despised, eame 
in while Jesus was sitting at meat. She loved him very much, 
and thought she could not do too much for him; and she 
1 'stood at his feet behind him weeping, and began to wasli his 
feet w T ith tears, and did wipe them with the hairs of her 
head." 

This act more than atoned for the neglect of Simon. When 
Simon wondered why the Lord did not send her away, Jesus 
said, '"Seest thou this woman? I entered into thine house; 
thou gavest me no water for my feet; but she hath washed 
my feet with tears, and wiped them with the hairs of her 
head." 

Jesus washed the feet of his disciples the night before he 
was crucified. This is the scene which the artist has attempted 
to give in the engraving. The disciples appear astonished at 
Jesus because he made himself their servant to wash their teet. 
It is common in many pictures to represent the apostle Peter 
as bald-headed. In this engraving he is thus represented; but 
we know of nothing that is written to warrant anyone in thus 
describing him. You will find the account of this scene in the 
13th chapter of John. Peter told the Lord that he should 
never wash his feet, thinking, doubtless, it too great an act of 
humility for Jesus to perform. But when the Lord told him 
that if he did not wash him. he should have no part in him, he 
willingly consented. After washing their feet he asked them: 

''Know ye what I have done to you? Ye call me Master and 
Lord: and ye say well, for so I am. If I then, your Lord and 
Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one 
another's feet. For I have given you an example, that ye 
should do as I have done to you." 

In a revelation given to the Prophet Joseph, Dec. 27, 1S32, 
the Lord in speaking of the School of the Prophets in the house 
of God, says: 

"And ye shall not receive any among you into this school 
save he is clean from the blood of this generation: and he shall 
be received by the ordinance of the washing of feet, for unto 
this end was the ordinance of the washing of feet instituted. 

"And again, the ordinance of washing feet is to be admin- 
istered by the president, or presiding elder of the church. It- 
is to be commenced with prayer, and after partaking of bread 
and wine, he is to gird himself according to the pattern given 
in the thirteenth chapter of John's testimony concerning me." 

Our readers will find these words in paragraphs 45 and 46 of 
Section 7, Book of Doctrine and Covenants. 




Count Zinzendorf and the Dove. — Count Zinzendorf 
was a German noble, who lived to do a great deal of good in 
the world. When a boy, he was one day playing with his 
hoop near the banks of a deep river, which flowed near by the 
castle where he lived, ^when he espied a dove struggling in the 
water. By some means the poor little creature had fallen into 
the water and was unable to escape. The little count immedi- 
ately rolled a large washing-tub. which had been left near, to 
the water's edge, jumped into it, and though generally very 
timid on the water, by the aid of a stick, he managed to steer 
himself out in the river to where the bird was, got it. worked 
his way back to the shore in safety, and, after warming the 
little captive in his bosom, set it free. When asked by his 
mother if he was not afraid, he replied: "Yes I was, rather; 
hut I could not bear to see it die so. You know, mother, its 
ttle ones^might_have been watching for it to come home!" 



± t +. 

zE^on^^nsr aoinsrs. 



K Y l; BT II . 



SOME coins are in existence that are supposed to be of 
earlier date than those coined by Servius Tullus, who was 
king of Rome about 460 years before the Christian era. These 
coins are very rude in form and very large, in some respects 
reminding one of the copper money in circulation a century 
ago in Scandinavia — copper merely struck on one side, regard- 
less of shape. In the large museums, where coin cabinets of 
great value may be seen, pieces of money of the most singular 
form, weighing from thirty-four to fifty-three ounces each, are 
exhibited. Some of this money was evidently cast many 
pieces at a time, as they may be seen joined together, just as 
they were taken from the mold. 

The most early Roman coins were impressed with a bull. 
The bull is the symbol of strength and security; it is known as 
"Apis," one of the gods of mythology. Then the head of 
Janus was very common, and the prow of a boat, as before 
noticed. This alludes to Janus having come to Italy by sea, 
and was there stamped to perpetuate the remembrance of that, 
to them, important event. 

The "as," with its subdivisions, was the principal coin. 
The "semis" wa«, as its name implies, the half (we use the 
word semi in compound words in the same sense. ) Then they 
had the "triens," or third; the "quadrans," or quarter; the 
"sextans," or sixth; and the "uncia," or unit, which has one 
cypher or disc upon it, signifying one ounce, for money had 
importance for its weight as well as value in those times. The 
words "libra" and "as libralis" allude to the weight. 

About 260 years before Christ, silver was coined for the use 
of the republic. Only a few gold coins of those days have 
come down to our times. The coins and medals of that period 
are known among medalists as "consular coins," because thev 
were struck during the time when Rome was governed by 
consuls, They are also known as coins of families, because 
distinguished persons made them a means of perpetuating the 
knowledge of occurrences in which they were the actors. 

It was not until the time of Julius Csesar, that the practice 
of representing monarchs or rulers on coins or medals came 
into vogue. In our museum is a copper coin of the time of 
that distinguished general. On the obverse is a fine likeness 
of the first of the twelve Csesars.* The likeness is very strik- 
ing in its resemblance to the portraits of him that have been 
handed down to this day. On his head is a laurel crown, which 
was voted to him by the senate, in return for his great services, 
although historians tell us it was "to hide his bald head." 
Be that as it may, on the reverse of this coin is a laurel crown, 
and the word Jvli, meaning Julius, the family name of the 
great warrior; from which we may draw the inference that the 
laurel was voted him as a reward. As to the name of Cassar, 
which was adopted by the emperors and the heirs apparent to 
the imperial throne, it was in consequence of the dignity 
associated with the name in the person of Julius. Even to 
this day, the name is perpetuated in the titles of some of the 
crowned heads of Europe, the word Czar being derived from it. 

'■'The first twelve emperors of Rome wore respectively called 
Julius Caesar, Augustus, Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius, Nero, Galba, 
Otho, Vitellius, Vespasian, Titus and Domitian. 





CTTT "VIE UNTIE LIE I1TSTBVCTOR 




TZHZIE PLTI1TG- J" O 3ST .A. EC. 




JONAH was the name given by the Jews to the pigeon and 
the dove; several varieties of which are called by us some- 
times by one name and sometimes by the other. Thus the 
tame pigeon is the house dove; and the wild wood-pigeon is the 
same as the stock-dove. They are found in almost every part 
of the world. 

There are more than one hundred kinds of the pigeon and 
dove tribe. When in a wild state, at a certain season, they 
take their departure from one country to another in search of 
food. Wilson, an American naturalist, has given an account 
of the vast number of "passenger pigeons" which he beheld 
in their yearly flight. He describes them as forming a column, 
so wide and deep, as to darken the earth by hiding the light of 
the sun. "If," says he, "we suppose this column to have 
been one mile in breadth (and I believe it to have been much 
more, ) and that it moved at the 
rate of one mile a minute, and 
as it was four hours passing, its 
whole length would lie two hun- 
dred and forty miles. Again. 
supposing that each square yard 
of this moving body contained 
three pigeons, this would give 
more than two thousand, two 
hundred and thirty millions of 
pigeons: and yet this is below 
the actual amount. Reckoning 
each bird to eat half a pint of 
nuts, or other seeds of trees, 
daily, the whole quantity, at 
this rate would equal nearly 
seventeen millions of bushels 
every day. Their Creator has 
wisely and graciously given to 
these birds rapidity of flight, 
and a desire to range over vast 
tracts of the earth: otherwise 
they must perish in the districts 
where they reside, or devour the 
whole produce of the field as 
well as of the forest." 

Another writer. Audubon, 
also has given an account of a 
flight as he saw it:— "As the 
period of their arrival drew 

nigh, preparations were made to receive them. Some of the 
people had iron pots with sulphur in them; others ha 1 torches 
of pine wood; many were armed with long poles, am! the re.-t 
with guns. All eyes were gazing on the clear sky; suddenly 
there burst forth a general cry of 'Here they come! 'I he 
noise which they made, though yet distant, reminded me of a 
hard gale at sea. passing through the rigging of a close-reefed 
vessel. As the birds arrived and passed over me. I felt a cun ent 

of air that surprised me. Thousands were s 1 knocked down 

by the pole-men. But the birds continued to pour in. and 
they alighted everywhere one above another, until solid masses, 
as large as hogsheads, wore found on the branches all around. 
Here and there the perches gave way under their weight with 
a crash, and. falling to the ground, destroyed hundreds of lie' 
birds beneath. It was a scene of uproar and confusion. I 
found it quite useless to speak, or even shout, to those persons 
were nearest to me: even the reports of the gun- were 




seldom heard. The uproar continued the whole night. 
Towards the approach of the day the noise grew less; and at 
sunrise, all that were able to fly had disappeared. The howl- 
ings of the wolves now reached our ears; and foxes, bears, 
racoons, and other beasts of prey, were seen sneaking off, 
whilst eagles, hawks, and a crowd of vultures came to supplant 
them, and enjoy their share of the spoil." 

The carrier-pigeon has been in ancient times employed in 
the East for conveying tidings from one place to another. It 
was so used by the English, who had a factory at a town in 
Syria. The merchants wrote in a small compass on a slip of 
paper, which was secured in such a manner under the pigeon's 
wing as not to impede its flight; and her feet were bathed in 
vinegar, with a view to keep them cool, and prevent her being 
tempted by the sight of water to alight, by which the journey 
might have been prolonged, or the letter lost. 

During the late dreadful siege of Paris, pigeons were used 
to carry news from the city to 
other parts of the land. 

In some parts of the East, 
large round towers are built, 
which are pierced with about a 
thousand small windows, each 
of which forms a snug place for 
a nest. This, together with the 
great flight of the birds, reminds 
us of the words of the prophet, 
when describing the numbers 
that should flock to Zion: "Who 
are these that fly as a cloud, 
and as the doves to their win- 
dovs?" (lsa. lx. 8.) 

Pigeons were offered in sacrifice 
among the Jews. God told 
Abraham to present a young 
pigeon on the altar. (Gen. xv. 9. ) 
By the law of Moses, anyone 
who was too poor to offer a 
lamb, might bring two young 
pigeons. (Lev. v. 7: xii. X. ) As 
this was the kind of offering 
brought by Joseph and Mary 
(Luke ii. 24), it was an evidence 
of the humble state of the birth 
of our Lord Jesus Christ. "He 
was rich, yet for our sakes he 
1 ecame poor, that we through 
1 2 Cor. viii. il.) 



poverty might be rich 



-•♦- 



A Ijittt.k (iuti.'s Reproof, — An army officer, on returning 
home from camp, went to visit some relatives, and like some 
who imitate their associates, lie indu'ge.d in profane language. 
A little girl walker! net with him to his horse, as lie was taking 
hi leave, ami as he was talking to her in .meat glee, she said: 

'J don't like to hear uiy courin swear.' 

He replied: "I know, my dear, it is wrong." 

in the same mild tone she rejoined; "Well. then, if you 
know it is wrong, why do you do it'.'' 

The captain confessed to ;i friend, on relating the story, that 
he never telt a reproof so much as tl ne given by that little 

child. lb 1 had good reason to feel it. lor lie deserved it. 

The old verse says: "Maintain your rank, vulgarity despise; 
to swear is neither brave, polite nor wise. 





G4= 



JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 




GREAT MEMORIES. 




THERE are examples of memory so very extraordinary that, 
but for the best of authority and frequent repetition, they 
would be too incredible for belief. 

Fortius Latro, says Seneca, retained to the last a lucid 
remembrance of all the declamations he had ever delivered- 
Cyrus, according to Pliny, knew the name of even' soldier in 
his army; the same is related of Mithridates, who could repeat 
the names of his vast army of 80,000 men. 

Scipio knew by name all the inhabitants of Rome, and it is 
said likewise of George III. that he never forgot a face he had 
once seen, nor a name he had ever heard. ' Themistocles could 
call by name every citizen of Athens, although the number 
amounted to 20,000. 

Both Napoleon I and Napoleon III. had extraordinary 
powers of memory. It is said of the first that he could repeat 
the names of his fullest regiment, having heard the list but 
once read. Later in life, discovering one of his old soldiers in 
a certain stone-cutter, he was able to tell the rank he had held 
in the army, the exact corps and regiment he belonged to, 
where he had served, and the individual character he had 
borne for bravery. 

Napoleon III. could retain an incredible array of names, 
figures, and facts with perfect accuracy. His memory had 
undergone a severe training, no doubt, during his early seasons 
of imprisonment, when it was perilous for him to carry written 
memoranda about him. But never daring to trust solely to 
the sense of hearing in its action upon his memory, it was a 
fixed habit of his life to write in a note book whatever he 
wished to preserve, and then destroy the leaf. 

Seneca complained of old age when he could not, as formerly, 
repeat two thousand words in the order in which they were read. 
At a certain recitation of his class, when a student, two hun- 
dred verses had been, unconnectedly recited by the different 
pupils, when he repeated them, from the last to the first, in a 
perfectly reversed order, and without misplacing a word. 

The Druids taught their whole circle of sciences in 20,000 
verses, which students were called upon to commit to memory, 
and which frequently occupied a space of twenty years. 

Blind Tom, the negro pianist, affords an example of marvel- 
ous memory. All that he knows or performs he has either 
heard or improvised. His repertoire embraces the vast number 
of five thousand distinct pieces. Estimating the average 
number of notes in a single bar to be eight, and the average 
number of bars in a single performance to be two hundred, we 
discover that the facts retained by this musical prodigy amount 
to the astonishing number of eight millions. 

Liszt and Rubenstein, the gifted pianists, are both accredited 
with the possession of great memories. It is related also of 
Wiegis, a German violinist, that upon the discovery that the 
score of a certain valuable opera had been lost, he volunteered 
to write it from memory. This he successfully did, to the 
nicest detail, and was paid therefor a handsome sum of money. 
Upon many an occasion Wiegis accurately performed his part 
at the opera when he was so intoxicated as to make it necessary 
to provide him with his instrument and rightly adjust it in his 
hands. 

Rollin tolls us of the remarkable memory possessed by 
Adrien. John Wilson, the painter. Queen Elizabeth, and 
Julius Caesar were about equally endowed with this valuable 
faculty. The conversation of the historian Macaulay exhibits 
an infinite store of perfectly appropriate and correct quotation, 
while Prof. Porson could recite very many lengthy poems with 

astonishing accuracy. 



Racine could recite all the tragedies of Euripides. Euler, 
the mathematician, could repeat the JEuclid. Lord Granville 
repeated the New Testament, from beginning to end, in the 
original Greek; and Cooke, the tragedian, is said to have 
committed to memory the contents of a large daily news- 
paper. 

Straznicky is said to know the name and place of every one 
of the hundred thousand volumes of Astor Library. The 
same was of old said of the librarian Magliabachi, who, 
besides knowing the name of every book of his vast library, 
could repeat the contents of a great number of them, and 
could tell any inquirer not only what book would best satisfy 
his wishes, but the chapter and page where the desired data 
would be found. 

Mirandola would commit to memory the contents of a book 
by reading it three times over, and could frequently repeat the 
words backward as well as forward. Thomas Cramer com- 
mitted to memory, in three months, an entire translation of 
the Bible; and Leibnitz, when an old man, could recite the 
whole of Virgil, word for word. 

Bossuet could repeat not only the whole of the Bible, but all 
of Homer, Virgil, and Horace, besides many other works; but 
a still more astonishing example than any of these is that of 
Carneades, who, when required, could repeat any volume found 
in his library as readily as if he were reading. 

Mr. Henkle, an author, has brought to light an example ot 
memory that is unsurpassed in ancient or modern times. This 
gifted individual is one Daniel McCortney, an humble laborer, 
in Salem, Columbiana Co., Ohio. He is quite illiterate and 
nearly blind; but he remembers the occurrences of every day 
since January 1, 1827, when he was nine years old. 

Mention any date to him in the last forty-four years, and he 
tells instantly what day of the week it was, what manner of 
weather prevailed, what he was individually doing or conversed 
about, Mr. Henkle, paying a personal visit to McCortney, 
provided himself with a journal for forty- five years, and after 
several severe cross-examinations, proved Mr. McCortney to be 
correct invariably. 

We will conclude our chapter by quoting a very remarkable 
instance of loss of memory. In 1 870 a resident of Elmira, N. 
Y., accidentally struck his head against a beam, and was ren- 
dered insensible thereby. From the effects of the blow, how- 
ever, he very readily recovered, and three years passed in the 
enjoyment of apparently perfect health. At the expiration of 
this time he was taken with acute pains in the head, acconi- 
panied by violent spasms. He was promptly attended by his 
physicians and again recovered bodily health, but his memory, 
so far as concerned all events which had taken place since the 
date of his accident, three years before, was a blank. He 
greeted his partner in business as the school-master he had 
known him to he before his own head and the beam came in 
contact. He had no understanding or comprehension of the 
state of his business, and persisted in treating acquaintances 
formed in the three years past as though absolute strangers. 
What is still more extraordinary, he was decidedly puzzled, 
much to the embarrassment of his wife, to account for the 
existence of his two children born in the fatal three years' 
interval.— Illustrated Annual. 



A rural gentleman standing over a register in a store not 
long since, atttracted general attention to himself by observ- 
ing to his wife who stood near him, in a tone of alarm, 
"Mariar, I'm afraid I'm going to have a fever, I feel such hot 
streaks a runnin' up my legs. 





JTT-VZEZDTIIjIH] iitstbuctoe- 




IKS 



fjaklens* 



RAFPAELLE D'TTZRBIIfcTO- 



From Chambers' Miscellany. 




IN 1483, there lived in the little city of Urbino a poor artist 
named Giovanni Sanzio. He had little genius to boast of, 
and less fame. He lived in a quiet humble way. not far removed 
from poverty, yet he was a good man. and his humility and 
simplicity of character prevented his being despised for his 
want of talent. He married a worthy and loving wife, but 
they were long childless. At last, in 14X3. the year already 
mentioned, on Good-Friday, there was born to this worthy 
couple a son. This new addition to their happiness was 
joyfully welcomed by the father and mother. They chris- 
tened the infant Raft'aelle, after the angel Raphael in the 
Bible — a name of good omen : but little did the parents think 
that the name thus given by them would go down to posterity 
with the glorious affix of Raft'aelle the Divine. 

The father. Giovanni, had suffered much in his youth from 
being left to brave the world alone, so he would not part with 
his son, e ven to a nurse. Raft'aelle was brought up in his parents' 
house — his mother being his constant nurse, his father his 
instructor. He was never sent to school, but spent his time 
in his father's studio, living among beautiful forms, having for 
bis playthings brushes and easels, and thus imbibing a love of 
art from his cradle. No other children came to divide with him 
his parents' care and affection, and life was all sunshine to the 
gentle and beautiful child : for, like Da Vinci, Raft'aelle pos- 
sessed the added charm of great personal beauty. Even in 
manhood, his portrait, with its soft mild eyes and long flowing 
fair hair, is like the face of one of his own angels: and in child- 
hood he must have been most lovely. 

Surrounded by art, it is not wonderful that Raft'aelle should 
have been a painter when a mere boy. His lather, delighted 
to see this bent in his darling son. instructed him to the utmost 
of his power, and Raft'aelle was soon a great assistance to him 
in pictures which he from time to time executed for the few 
patrons whom he had in his native Urbino. This good and 
loving father was not slow to see that his limited powers in art 
were insufficient to supply the rising genius of his son, and no 
shame or mortified self-love hindered him from acting upon 
this knowlege. He went to Perugia, where lived Pietro Peru- 
gino, an artist who had by his own unwearied diligence raised 
himself from low estate until he had become one of the best 
painters of the day. But Perugino was gone to Rome, and 
Giovanni Sanzio had to wait a long time for his return. At 
last Pietro arrived, and the humble painter of Urbino obtained 
an interview with his higher brother in art Giovanni had a 
winning manner, and his reverence for Perugino turned the 
latter' s heart towards him. He listened to Sanzio' s frank and 
simple account of his son's talent, and his own wishes to place 
him under such a master; and at last consented to take the 
little Raft'aelle. 

Giovanni returned home, having accomplished his desire. 
One can well imagine what a hard struggle it was for the father 
to place his boy in other hands, and how many tears the mother 
shed at parting with her only child. Giovanni took his son to 
Perugia, left him to the care of Perugino, who had conceived 
a sincere friendship for the father of his new pupil, and then 

urned to bis lonely home in Urbino. 



Raft'aelle had an excellent master in Perugino, as far as 
kindness went; from his instructions, however, he did not profit 
much. Perugino' s style was hard and formal; now and then 
his attitudes were graceful, but his works, though praised in 
his day, were very inferior compared to those of his successors, 
and his one great contemporary, Leonardo da Vinci. Raft'aelle 
copied his master's style so exactly, that his pictures at this 
period of his life cannot be distinguished from those of 
Perugino. Having never known a higher style, the young 
artist went on calmly and composedly in this beaten track, 
winning much praise from the inhabitants of his native city, 
and of Perugia, who had no idea of a loftier standard of perfec- 
tion than Perugino' s. But a change was soon to come over the 
spirit of Raft'aelle the Divine. 

He had a friend and fellow-pupil named Pinturicchio, who 
was chosen by Cardinal Piccolomini to ornament the pope's 
library at Siena. This young man invited Raft'aelle to join him, 
and the latter assented, as he had now left Perugino, though 
the friendship and affection between the artist and his pupil con- 
tinued undiminished until the death of the former. Raft'aelle was 
only eighteen when he arrived at Siena; there he, in conjunction 
with his friend Pinturicchio, painted ten large pictures, the 
subjects being taken from the life of Pope Pius II. While at 
Siena, Raft'aelle heard continually of the wonderful works of 
Leonardo Da Vinci and Michael Angelo, then exhibited at Flor- 
ence. He resolved to go thither, and judge for himself of 
their perfection. Great indeed was his delight and wonder 
when he beheld with his own eyes these masterpieces of genius. 
Leonardo's particularly attracted him, for Michael- Angelo had 
not then arrived at the zenith of his powers; and the inclination 
of Raffaelle was ever more to the beautiful than the severe and 
grand, so that doubtless he felt more sympathy with Da Vinci 
than with the giant Michael. He saw that he was yet but on 
the threshold of art; he felt his own weakness, and the defects 
of his master, and from that hour he changed his style, and 
followed Perugino no more. 

{To be Continued.) 



m » 



S TT 2>T 33 ^ Y LESSORS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



LESSON II. 

Q.— In what place was Jesus born 9 

A. — Bethlehem of Judea. 

Q.— How old was he when he was baptized? 

A. — About thirty years. 

Q.— "Who baptized him? 

A. — John the Baptist. 

Q.— What is baptism? 

A. — To be buried in water. 

Q.— Who was pleased with him when he was baptized? 

A.— His heavenly Father. 

Q._How old should boys and girls be when they arc baptized? 

A.— Eight years. 

■**— -m 



Good and Wholesome Advice.— Persevere against dis- 
couragements. Keep your temper. Employ your leisure in 
study, and always have some work in band. Be punctual and 
methodical in business, and never procrastinate. Never be 
in a hurry. Preserve self-possession, and, when you know it is 
right, do not be talked out of conviction. Rise early, and be 
an economist of time. Maintain dignity without the appearance 
of pride. Above all, be careful to act with the strict hone ■* 





0" tt "^r :e nsr i Hi, :e iitstbtjotor 




Cpfy |Jiwemlf |(ttstrncfot|. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, MARCH 14, 1874. 



EIDITOZR/X^L THOUGHTS. 





' ROM the days when kings and rulers first 

usurped power over their fellow men, and 

infringed upon that patriarchal order of 

family government established by heaven, 

there has been a tendency to look down 

upon labor as something mean and vulgar, 

as a thing to be avoided whenever possible, 

and still worse, there has been an inclination 

in the hearts of many to despise and hold 

jn contempt the laborer. 

It has been argued that labor and toil are the 
consequences of God's curse, and that they who 
have to labor for their daily bread are accursed 
also. But is it so? When man was immortal, 
( before Adam fell, God placed him in the garden of 
/t'k ^ Eden t0 d:e ' ss lt and tu kee P !t - x " cu *s e had then 
a{pV t ''" CM "" tnis ,;l ' 1 ' eartn i ;l " thereon had been pro- 
nounced by the Great Creator "very good." Yet 
Adam had to dress and cultivate the garden; for though the 
earth then did not bring forth weeds and thorns and thistles, 
yet it required man's watchcarc and superintendence to keep it 
in order. 

When Adam first disobeyed God's command, and sin and 
death were brought into the world thereby. God told Adam 
that He would curse the ground for his sake, and that he- 
should eat his bread by the sweat of his brow. Yet we do not 
read that (rod cursed his labor, or made it dishonorable. True, 
the ground was to bring forth thorns and thistles, hut labor was 
to subdue the earth and cover the place where these thorns and 
thistles grew with i) nit tress, flowers and grain. 

Labor, instead of a curse has b.'eu a blessing to mankind. 
No bread is so sweet as that earned by honest toil. Labor is 
happiness; no heart is more joyful than the one busy with 
works of love and duty. Labor i> health; none are more 
vigorous than the laborer. Labor is life; without it we should 
stagnate, and the generations of man would soon cease upon 
the earth. Without it, arts, scic.ee and civilization must 
perish; in fact, all human life, except that of the rudest and 
most savage kind, must perish also. 

Labor is eternal and divine. In six days the Lord made 
heaven and earth. The labor of this earth's redemption will 
occupy the millennium and stretch into eternity. The world, 
with all its fellows, is the handiwork of Cod: and the worlds 
yet to be, will manifest the wisdom and creative power, the 
skill and labor of divine beings, and worlds will multiply and 
systems grow 

"While life and thought ami being last, 
Ami immortality endures." 

That in which Cod has set us the example, cannot lie ignoble 
or degrading. It was He who made this world with all its' 

wonders. Can we. for very shame, call our fellow n vile. 

vulgar or contemptible, because they help to beautify this 
same earth that our Heavenly Father has framed? Shall they 

' o build the cities, till the soil or in any other way help to 



make this earth habitable and glorious, be esteemed less than 
they who simply partake of the blessings without aiding in the 
struggle to obtain them? 

It is true that the labor may be rough and the toil excessive 
that fall on the shoulders of some, while others sit at ease. 
That is the fault of society, not to the primal curse of God. This 
inequality manifests the necessity of a new order of things, 
when all shall labor for mutual good, when the idle shall not 
eat the bread of the worker, but by wise diiection and judicious 
economy the labor of each shall be put to the best possible use, 
and the greatest and happiest results be brought about by 
the establishment of the kingdom of God on the earth. 

No young man or young woman should be ashamed of useful 
labor. Let it be esteemed as ever so humble, it is praise- 
worthy. It is one of the greatest lessons taught by the 
gospel that all must be workers. Let us so strive that our 
labor shall not be in vain, but that our every effort shall count 
for good, and that our knowledge of some trade, profession or 
art, while developing our own powers and talents, shall benefit 
to the uttermost the people and the work of the most high 
God. 



MODESTY 



4 MONG the many virtues we ascribe to women, we assign 
xJl to modesty a high rank; indeed, it i> ro a woman what 
coloring is to a picture; without it the rough outlines are there 
but the fine touches are wanting. 

Few women are troubled with an excess of modesty; it is one 
of their most becoming graces; not so with man; his excess of 
modesty often prevents him from gaining that position which 
he is calculated to fill. But even in him a certain degree of it 
is pleasing — a modest deportment is commendable. 

A young lady may be modest without being distant, unso- 
ciable or prudish. She can be sociable, mirthful and facetious 
without the least sacrifice of modesty. True, she ought to be 
dignified as well as modest. 

The young lady who can act in all company, and at all times 
with dignity and modesty is the one whose company is sought 
by every person of good sense and refined taste. She shines 
equally bright in wealth and poverty; though the better her 
circumstances the more potent her power. She carries an 
influence with her which cannot always be ignored. Her society 
is ennobling and exalting, and she will be respected and loved 
wherever she goes. If I have any refinement in my nature or 
disposition, I freely confess I owe it, in great part, to the exam- 
ple of modesty I have ever had set before me by those with 
whom I have associated; and above all, to the refining elevating 
influence of modest females into whose company I have, for so 
g;-eat a portion of my life been thrown. 

How revolting to our finer feelings are the actions of females 
who are devoid of modesty! How often have we cause to 
blush for every shame of their conduct. We form an opinion 
of :t young lady when we have been in her company not more 
i ban half an hour. And upon what is that opinion based? 
Cp.m her actions and words while we have been in her com- 
pany. If a young lady indulges in conversation or makes use 
of words of a low, vulgar nature; is too apt at speaking any. 
thing and everything that comes into her mind, whether it be 
good, bad or indifferent, attempts to act in a manner too famil- 
iar any person upon short acquaintance, or indeed upon long 
acquaintance either if it is warranted by no other connection 
than mere acquaintance, our opinion of her is not likely to be 
a very exalted one. There is something about her repulsive 





-X TJ ^T E 1ST I L E INSTE/TJCTOR. 




our finer feelings; and we are apt to set her down in our minds 
as being either very ignorant or depraved. How different the 
impression made upon our minds by a modest pei>on, who 
assumes no airs, but acts naturally; scorns affectation in others 
and would not stoop to it herself; indulges in no conversation 
which is indecent; and is sufficiently reserved and dignified to 
keep every person at a proper distance We look upon her 
with admiration; we feel like emulating her virtues, ^o a 
young man. no company is more refining and calculated to lead 
him to an honorable, righteous course than that of modest 
females; and no company more debasing or tending more to a 
dissolute, dishonorable course, than that of immodest, unprin- 
cipled females. There is no young lady in our lommunity who 
does not possess ome influence; some much more than others, 
and some much 
more than they 
are aware of. 
While the influ- 
ence of some 
may not extend 
farther than 
with half a 
dozen associ- 
ciates, that of 
others is felt by 
all with whom 
thej' come in 
contact. This 
influence they 
may exert for 
good or evil. If 
for good, tin 
result will be 
happiness to 
then. selves and 
others ; if for 
evil the result 
wdl be unhap- 
piness and bit- 
ter remors e. 
Modesty is a 
grace to be ac- 
quired; let all 
who desire re- 
spect, aim to ac- 
quire it. Let 
them frown 
down every im- 
modest action in 
their associates, 
and at the same 
time emulate 

and encourage in them everything that is modest and ladylike. 
Depend upon it, every girl who takes this course will after- 
wards feel that she has her reward in the respect she will gain 
by it. Custos Morum. 



MTJPFT 





Goon Manners. — Good dressing, quiet ways, low tones of 
voice, lips that can wait, and eyes that do not wander, shyness 
of personalities, except in certain intimate communions, to be 
light in hand, in conversation, to have ideas, but to be able to 
make talk, if necessary, without them — to belong to the com- 
pany you are in, and not to yourself — to preserve the harmonies 
lUghout your person and dwelling. 



NESTLING away among the beautiful hills of Surrey, and 
about five and twenty miles south of London, there stands 
the romantic little town of Doiking. 

In a house situate at the southern extremity of the town, 
lives a wonderful little tabby eat, named Muffy, whose eurious 
tricks have been a source of much amusement; one in partic- 
ular is that in which it has discovered a means of getting 
admission to the comfortable, warm kitchen when it Has been 
unfortunate enough to find itself outside, with all the doors 
shut. 

At the side of the house there is a small aperture, of about 
two feet square, opening into the kitchen, and intended for the 

use and conven- 
ience of butch- 
ers, bakers, or 
grocers, who 
would other- 
wise have to go 
round to the 
back entrance; 
inside of this 
aperture is sus- 
pended a bell, 
w hich Miss 
Muffy must, no 
doubt, have of- 
ten seen used 
by butchers, 
bakers. a n d 
grocers, to call 
the attention of 
the cook. She 
has, therefore, 
adopted the 
same plan, and 
when tired of 
h e r prowlings 
about the gar- 
den, or hunting 
for birds in the 
adjoining wood, 
she springs up 
to the little 
door, and, with 
her paw or head 
keeps ring, 
ring, ringing at 
at the bell until 
the door is 
opened and she 

having gained her object, walks triumphantly into the house. 
Muffy. you see, is not only a very intelligent little cat, but I 
can tell yon she is also a very good-natured one. too. She sub- 
mits to being dressed in the doll'.- .lollies, anil will sometimes 
lie quite still in the cradle for bouts together, and, when 
told to stand upon her bind leg-, and give a kiss, does so with a 
gracefulness hitherto unknown in the annals of cats. 



Usefulness and noble acts an- tin' most radiant epochs ii 

the biography of men. Winn wrought in tin' earliest youth 
they live in the memory of age like the coral islands, green am 
sunny amidst the melancholy waste of ocean. 





68 



cr it -v e unt i l e iitstbtjctob 




ZPIROIPIEIR, REGREATIOIT. 




AS the question of what is the most suitable amusement 
for Sunday School scholars, is occupying the attention of 
a great many who are interested in the welfare of the young, 
we condense the following from the minutes taken by Elder 
John B. Maiben, secretary of the S. S. Union, of a meeting 
of the superintendents and teachers of the Sabbath Schools 
of Salt Lake county, held in the City Hall, of this city, Feb. 
3, 1874, Elder George Goddard, superintendent, presiding. 

After some preliminary business, Supt. Goddard introduced 
the enquiry, whether it was desirable to cultivate theatrical 
representations as the leading recreation for Sabbath School 
scholars; and invited an expression of the views and feelings of 
those present on the subject. Sf^l 

Supt. Samuel L. Evans said that in the 6th Ward they had 
given several entertainments, principally consisting of recita- 
tions by the scholars, interspersed with short dramatic pieces, 
all however, containing a good moral, and teaching excellent 
lessons. By this means they had raised several hundred 
dollars, which had assisted them in the erection of their new 
school house, and furnished ample funds for prizes and books. 
The effect also had been salutary with the scholars; at first 
they were very bashful, but by encouragement, they had now 
acquired moral courage and strength to give their recitations 
to the satisfaction and pride of their parents and friends. He 
saw no danger to arise from these, when subjects were properly 
selected. True, some of the boys were inclined to excel, with 
a view to display, but by judicious training, this disposition 
might be restrained and guided in a beneficial channel. ■ He 
considered this mode of entertainment much better than 
dances, and, in his opinion, attended with the best results. 

Supt. Geo. H. Taylor, of the 14th Ward, said there was too 
much of a disposition, among some of the Latter-day Saints. 
to consider the Sunday the same as any other day, and to 
spend it in recreation. In his opinion, they were going to the 
opposite extreme to that reached in his early training, in which 
all reasonable recreation was curtailed, by reason of tradition 
and religion. On seeing the placards around town, announcing 
theatrical exhibitions in the different Wards, the question had 
arisen in his mind, whether the tendency of these things 
would not be evil. He considered that when our principal 
amusements for the young consisted of theatrical entertain- 
ments, we were descending pretty low. 

Supt. McLachlan, of the 7th Ward, said they had held 
theatrical entertainments in his Ward, upon several occasions. 
He had been afraid that the system would tend to harm, but 
governed it the best way he knew how. He had found it a 
very successful means of raising funds. A concert was to be 
held the next week in the Ward, which they designed should 
have a higher tone and a more elevating character, and they 
hoped to continually improve. 

Supt. Geo. Reynolds, of the 20th Ward was opposed to 
dramatic entertainments for Sunday Schools, as from his 
experience, those who took to the stage became, as a general 
thing, dissatisfied with the every-day duties of life. Songs, 
recitations, dialogues and music, judiciously selected, he con- 
sidered to be appropriate and beneficial. He thought it was a 
pleasing sight to see the children enjoy the dance, and that it 
was a suitable and proper recreation when rightly appointed 
and controlled. 

Elder Geo. Halliday, from Pleasant Grove, said he was 
greatly interested in Sunday Schools, and was decidedly 
opposed to dramatic entertainments. In England they had 



thought of everything to wean the people from the ale-house, 
without success, till at length they established penny readings, 
where the highest religious authorities attended. All kinds of 
selections were made, and men, boys, girls and women partici- 
pated; and they became most popular. The reform that it 
worked among the masses was astonishing. At Pleasant 
Grove they had a better way of getting funds than by giving 
dramatic entertainments. Fifteen years asro, there was a 
subscription taken up through that town, to start a Sunday 
School. All they collected was one pound of butter, from a 
good old lady, which was sent to Salt Lake City and exchanged 
for a broom and a pencil. From that small beginning the 
institution had grown until it now had the Bishop and his 
Counselors and fifty other good men as teachers, and from 200 to 
300 scholars. The teachers had recently formed themselves 
into a committee and visited from house to house, and gath- 
ered $120,00 at one effort. 

Elder Mark Lindsay, of the 20th Ward, said we could not 
be too careful in guarding our children from every danger. 
When he was on his mission, he particularly noticed the 
jealous watehcare exercised by the parents and guardians of 
the young. Upon one occasion he was asked to address a 
Sabbath School; but was prevented from doing so, because 
someone interposed the objection that he was a "Mormon," 
and his remarks might be injurious to the children. 

Elder J. B. Maiben said the consideration of the subject 
was not proposed with a view of making any invidious compar- 
isons, or casting any reflections upon the efforts of those 
who had undoubtedly done their best to enhance the Sunday 
School interest; but to lend aid and strength to every endeavor 
to improve and elevate the character of our recreations. In 
this, as in all other matters, we were in a school, and had to 
be governed by the spirit of wisdom, according to the circum- 
stances and elements in our control. 

Elder W. H. Hocking stated that he considered concerts 
were decidedly preferable to theatrical entertainments or dances. 
Elder Robert D. Miller, of the 10th Ward, thought that 
theatrical representations had a tendency to create unpleasant 
feelings between brethren and sisters, on account of the rivalry 
to excel. He considered that we should watch our families 
and children with a jealous eye, and cultivate the highest 
standard of morality. 

Elder James McKnight stated that he did not think there 
was so much difference in our views as in the expression of our 
sentiments. A dramatic entertainment had been held in the 
Kith Ward, which was very satisfactory. When selections are 
judiciously made, they make a good home entertainment; 
which will be found beneficial in strengthening the memories 
and giving grace to the movements of those engaged. When 
suitably conducted and selected, he could not see the evil in 
exhibitions of this character. He was opposed, however, to 
sensational piavs. 

Bishop L. E. Harrington, of American Fork, expressed 
himself as pleased with the Sunday School work, and said he 
had listened with a great deal of interest to the remarks that 
had been made. He was in favor of having all their enter- 
tainments, as much as possible, of an elevating and improving 
character. He acted as a teacher in the Sunday School, and 
Brother Paxman was his superintendent, He considered the 
Sunday School was a nursery, and one of the most important 
adjuncts to the great work of the latter days; and he was very 
happy to know that the great mass of the community were 
now favorably disposed towards it and identified with its 
progress. 





.JTJ^TEIITILE] I^STBUCTOR 



69 




Supt. Geo. G-oddard said it was not proposed to make cast- 
iron rules; those present were only children of a larger growth, 
and all had much to learn. The leading and prompting motive 
of every speaker had heen to elevate and improve the rising 
generation, and many valuable hints had been dropped, which 
could be made profitable by application. 



alBIIIEsriESIE TORTURE. 



CRIMINALS and suspected persons in China are treated in 
a very cruel manner. The tortures and punishments which 
the law sanctions are wearing the cangue; beating the cheeks 
with a leather instrument; squeezing the fingers; beating the 
person with a bamboo, or wooden stick; squeezing the ankles. 
and imprisonment. 

The prisons in China are in a much more revolting state than 
those in Europe were before John Howard began his labors for 
their improvement, and the prisoners who are not rich, or who 
have not rich friends willing to bribe the jailers, are given but 
a small amount of coarse food, and have to endure the most- 
dreadful and excruciating tortures that were ever inflicted on 
any human beings. 

The most common of /v_ 
the lawful modes of pun- 
ishment is the wearing of 
the cangue, This is a 
square collar made of 
boards, which is generally 
locked npon the neck, 
though it is sometimes 
fastened to the -person in g 
the manner represented in 
the picture. 

The person's crime, and 
the time which he is to 
wear the cangue. are writ- 
ten upon the upper or 
front side of it. He is 
placed, in the day-time, 
in the street near the spot 
where he committed his 
offense; in the evening. 
he is taken away by the 

constable of the neighborhood : and in the morning lie is 
returned to his usual place of exposure, where he begs his 
living, unless his friends supply him with food. This is done 
from one to three months, according to the offense. 

There are many other modes of torture and punishment, 
which, though not recognized by the laws, are used by the 
magistrates and jailers whenever they please. They are gener- 
ally applied when the desire is to make a man ooni :ss bis own 
or other's crime. 



Ihstructor in our Sunday School, which, by the way, is well 
attended with an average attendance of four hundred and fifty 
students. 

There is to be seventy-five dollars' worth of prizes presented 
to-day to the members of the Sunday School. They consist 
of_books and other rewards of merit, for punctual attendance 
and good conduct. We have also a Mutual Improvement 
Society organized, which is doing a good work by way of instruc- 
tion, the benefits of which are open for ladies and gentlemen, old 
and young. The exercises consist of lectures, debates, readings, 
etc. We also have a library of some four hundred volumes of 
good reading matter, and intend adding more as our means will 
permit. Please accept my best wishes for your success in your 
laudable enterprise; and may you be enabled to give us such 
instruction as is needed in this our day, and meet with the patron- 
age you richly deserve. Respectfully Yours, 

Wm. A. Pierce. 



Luck anti Labor. — Recently two boys left their homes in 
the country to seek their fortunes in the city. 
''I shall see what luck will do for me," said one. 
''I shall see what labor can do for me," cried the other. 
Which is the better to depend upon, luck or labor? Let us see. 

Luck is always waiting 
for something to turn up. 
abor will turn up some- 
thing. 

Luck lies abed wishing. 
Labor jumps up at six 
o'clock, and with busy 
pen or ringing hammer 
ays the foundation of a 
competence. 
Luck whines. 
Labor whistles. 
Luck relies on chance. 
Labor on character. 
Luck slides down to 
ignorance. 

Labor strides upwards 
to independence. 

juck is prodigal and 
squanders possessions. 
Labor enjoys their use. 




0rres||i0ii!ietice 




Speikqvillb Utah Co., 

February 22, 1*74. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor. 

Dear Sir: — Feeling a lively interest in your paper, 
I will send you a line. I have taken the InsTRTJCTOB tor the past 
four years, and I consider it the best paper extant for the young 
our community to read. We have two classes reading in the 



OIH^IR^IDIE. 



BY DOUGLAS TODD, GRANTSVILLE. 



I AM composed of 12 letters: 

My 1 , 2, '.', is an article often used; 

My 7, II, 7. 6, is a beautiful flower; 

My 5, 1, 111, II, Hi, is a country in Europe; 

My 9, 1, 2, is an animal of Africa; 

My 5, 2, 12, is a body of water; 

My 8, 11, 2. :;. 4. 12. is a city in Europe; 

My whole is one of the States of the Union. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 4 is RHINOCEROS. 
We have received correct solutions from Margaret E. Lcthani, 
Rebecca Manning. Betsey White. . I. EL Parry, G. B. bang. 
Francis M. Kenton, Elias A. Smith, Heber J. Sears and 
Matthew Noall. Salt Lake City; Alvina Harker and John 
Webster, Taylorsvillc; J. T. Johnson, Ogdeu; Sarah Jensen, 

Brigham City; J. J. Millard, Farmiiigton; Douglass Todd. 
Crautsville; Eleazer Evans, Lehi, and Charlotte Shelley, 
American Fork. 





70 



JTJ "V EIsTILB IFSTBUCTOR 




^ |otf's ^ouaoe ^romttl % ifkli 



BY (i. M. 0. 



TABOGA— ADRIFT IN THE BREAKERS. 



AT daylight the next morning we hove up anchor, and set 
sail. There was a good breeze blowing in our favor, but 
it died away before eight o'clock, and. after beating and drift- 
ing about until three in the afternoon, we were finally towed to 
the anchorage by a tug-boat sent to our assistance. Taboga 
harbor, sometimes called, I believe, Aristingua bay, is a snug 
little cove, affording a good and secure anchorage fir vessels. 
The town is picturesquely grouped on the rocks and among the 
palms and cocoa-nut trees lining the banks of a noisy and 
dashing brook of clear, fresh water. No regard to order, in 
the buildings or arrangement of the streets, characterizes the 
place, but the houses, which are very small, and principally 
made of bamboo, seem to be placed wherever a rock affords 
the space or a few palms offer their sheltering shade. In front 
of the town stretches a smooth, bright, sandy beach. Consid- 
erable trading is done at Taboga, as it is the fitting-out place 
for the California steamers, and also for the English mail 
steam ship company, who run a line of steamers south from 
Panama to Valparaiso. Several large English and American 
vessels, principally with cargoes of coal, the steamships 
Northerner and Santiago, also six or eight ''hulks." or store 
ships were laying in the bay when we arrived. 

In the latter part of May, 1685, a severe naval engagement 
was fought near this bay, between the Spaniards and bucca- 
neers, the Spanish fleet consisting of sixteen sail, and their 
enemies' fleet often sail. After fighting all day, the buccaneers 
were glad to haul off and escape from the victorious Spanish. 
The afterwards celebrated Commodore Dampier participated 
in this battle, he being at the time with the fillibustcrs. 

We were two days discharging our cargo of potatoes and 
onions and live stock. When we again hove up anchor and 
ran over to Panama, the wind was blowing pretty fresh from 
the south, and our old brig was unable to make the proper 
anchorage. Running out from the south side of the city for 
about half a mile, there is a reef of rocks, which at low tide are 
high and dry. Vessels anchor off the point of rocks, and at 
low water the boats land their passengers on this point, the 
reef forming a convenient causeway to the city. With every 
yard of canvas spread, anil after repeated tacking to get to the 
windward of the point, but to no purpose, the vessel making 
so much leeway, the captain concluded to run her in as near 
as safety would permit, and anchor. When the sails were 
furled, the yawl was lowered anil Lewis and I were ordered in 
to take the captain ashore. Besides the captain, we had "Old 
Bill. " one of the crew, who was going to get medical advice for 
his rheumatism. The skipper brought into the boat with him 
two fancy door mats, made of lama skins, the wool colored in 
different tints, which weighed about three pounds. We could 
not get a good landing on the windward side of the reef, on 
account of the surf breaking and dashing so heavily against 
the rocks, and in spite of our exertions Lewis and I could 
make very little headway against the sea and wind. After 
tugging ai theoars for an hour the captain's patience gave out. 
Seeing a little smooth water under the lee of a large rock, he 
ran the boat along side and succeeded in landing without getting 
wet. Now, he should have left Lewis and myself to take care 
the boat; but thoughtlessly he ordered Bill to get out, and 




Lewis also, to carry the mats, and directed me to look out 
for the boat until Lewis and Bill should return, and then to go 
on board the brig. I whispered to my shipmates to hurry 
back as soon as possible, as the tide was coming in and the 
wind increasing, and it was as much as I could do to keep the 
boat from staving against the rocks. For nearly an hour I 
stuck to my post and was pretty successful in keeping the boat 
from thumping, but the tide had risen meantime and the sea 
had begun to break over the rock, in fact, was fast sub- 
merging it, so that it afforded little or no shelter. When the 
tide had risen so as to lift the boat up nearer the top of the 
rock, I could see over the reef surrounding the little cove in 
which I was, and found to my horror that it was impossible for 
my shipmates to come to my assistance, even if they were 
disposed to, as there was at least a quarter of a mile of water 
between me and the town. After this discovery for a few 
minutes I hardly knew what to do. To push out from the 
sheltering rock would be madness; the surf tearing among the 
breakers would dash the boat to atoms in a moment. To stay 
where I was would only be security for a few minutes, for as 
the tide rose, the water around me became like a boiling catd- 
dron and a seething sea. I was directly on a line with the 
corner of the castilo; to go one boat's length to my left would 
be to drift out into the bay, and. with the wind that was 
blowing, would be to drift out to sea and to death. I deter- 
mined to wait until the sea should drive me from my shelter, 
and then take my chances at drifting through the breakers and 
endeavor to keep the boat's head directed for the city wall by 
skulling with the oar. I had not long to wait; the first sea 
that dashed over the rock hoisted me into the breakers. I 
manned my oar quickly, and commenced working for dear life. 
I found I could keep the boat pretty steady, but I was going 
"head on" to the seawall of the castilo, against which the 
surf broke fearfully. I tried to step the mast and get sail on. 
but the boat slewed around, and, when the sea struck her, I 
went head over heels overboad with the mast. I found the 
water over the rocks was about five feet deep. I got into the 
boat, now half full of water, and managed to get her head to 
the wind, and tried again, but with a like result. My shoes 
were made of Peruvian sheep skin, and, when wet, they were 
so slippery I could not stand; so I pulled them off and went 
to work again to get up the mast. But it was too heavy for 
me; five times we went overboard together before I gave it up. 
I was drifting out towards the bay, so I went to skulling again 
with all my might. The boat was so full of water she floated 
like a log, but I managed to get her abreast of the wall again, 
and not more than twenty yards from it, when, happily, I saw- 
Bill and Lewis coming. I felt a great relief at their appearance 
and worked at my oar with renewed energy, now keeping tl e 
boat from being dashed against the wall. The men came along 
the rocks as near as possible, and, watching their opooi trinity, 
plunged into the sea and swam off to the boat. With three 
oars we soon got into smooth water, on the leeward side ot the 
reef, and. about sunset, reached the brig. My feet were so 
cut and hacked by the shells and barnacles, when trying to 
raise the mast, that I was not able to walk for nearly two weeks. 
The boat was so stove and started, that she would hardly float; 
the captain was obliged to employ a ship carpenter for several 
days to repair it. We all blamed the captain for his thought- 
lessness, and he blamed Bill and Lewis for their tardiness. 
{To be Continued.) 



We all have a direct personal relation towards God. and can 
not in any way avoid its responsibility. 





cr tt -^r :e unt i l e inste^ctor. 




testtons and jfc nailers 

BOOK OB IMI O IR, IMI O ILST . 



EEIGN F THE JUDGES. 




LESSON LVIII. 

Q. — Were the people troubled with wars and contentions during 
the sixth year of the reign of the judges? 

A. — No, there was peace in the land. 

Q.— How did the people feel regarding the loss of their brethren 
and their flocks and herds? 

A —They were very much afflicted and felt sorrowful. 

Q. — What did they believe these losses and afflictions to be? 

A. — The judgments of God sent upon them for their wickedness 
and their abominations. 

Q. — What effect did ihis belief have? 

A. — It awakened them to a remembrance of their duty. 

0-— What did they do? 

A. — They established the church more fully, ai.d many %vere 
baptized. 

Q. — By whom were they baptized? 

A.— Alma. 

Q. — How many souls united themselves to the church in the 
seventh year of the judges? 

A. — Three thousand five hundred. 

Q. — What came to pass in the eighth year of the reign of the 
judges? 

A. — The people began to grow proud. 

Q. — For what reason? 

A. — On account of their riches, fine clothing and their numerous 
flocks and herds. 

Q. — How was this feeling regarded by Alma and his associate 
teachers? 

A. — They witnessed it with sorrow. 

Q. — What did this feeling of pride lead to? 

A. — It led to persecutions and envy, strife and malice among 
themselves. 

LBSSON LIX 

Q. — What did Alma do in the commencement of the ninth year 
of the reiem of the judges? 

A. — He appointed a man to the office of chief jndge to admin- 
ister the law in bis stead. 

Q. — What was this man's name? 

A. — Nephihah. 

Q. — Was he created high priest also? 

A. — No, Alma retained that office. 

Q. — Why did Alma thus give the judgment seat up to Nehpi- 
hah? 

A. — That Vic might be free to travel among the people, and 
preach to them. 

Q.— Where did Alma begin his teaching? 

A.— At Zaralieinlu. 

Q. — From there where did he go? 

A. — He traveled all over the land. 

Q --After he had spoken unto the people at Zarahemla what 
did he do? 

A. — He ordained priests and elders. 

Q.— How did he do this? 

A. — By laying his hands on them. 

Q. — What became of those who repented and desired to return 
to the church? 

A. — They were baptized and were received again into the 
church. 

Q. — What became of those who would not repent of their sins 
and were lifted up in pride? 

A. — Their names were blotted out, and they were not numbered 

mug the people of God. 



w n t n t i & 1 1 £ a n tl % n s w t r 

03ST TZHUE BIBLE. 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 



LESSON LVIII. 

Q.— What was the result of the battle? 

A.— Joshua discomfited Amalck and his people with the edge 
of the sword. 

Q.— What did the Lord command Moses to write in a book for 
a memorial? 

A. — That He would utterly put out the remembrance of Amalek 
from under heaven. 

Q.— When Jethro, the priest of Midian, the father-in-law of 
Moses, heard of the deliverance of Israel what did he do? 

A. — He followed him into the wilderness. 

Q. — Who accompanied Jethro? 

A. — Zipporah, the wife of Moses, and her two sons. 

Q. — What were the names of the sons of Moses and Zipporah? 

A. — Gersbom and Eliezer. 

Q.— How did Moses treat hi.- father-in-law? 

A. — He went out to meet him, and did obeisance, and kissed 
him. 

Q.— What did Moses and his father-in-law then do? 

A. — "They asked each other of their welfare, and they came 
into the tent." 

Q. — What did Moses then do? 

A.— He told his father-in-law all the Lord had done unto Pha- 
raoh and the Egyptians, and how the Lord had delivered Israel 
unto that day. 

Q- — What did Jethro do when he heard these things? 

A.— He rejoiced and blessed the name of the Lord. 

Q.— What else did he do? 

A. — He took a burnt offering and sacrifices for God. 

Q. — What did Aaron and all the elders of Israel do? 

A.— They eat bread with Moses' father-in-law before God. 

LESSON LIX 

Q. — What did Moses do on the morrow? 

A. — He sat to judge the people. 

Q. — For how long? 

A. — From the morning until the evening. 

Q. — When Jethro learned that Moses was in the habit of sitting 
alone to judge the people what did he say? 

A. — That it was not good. 

Q. — Why was it not good? 

A. — Because it was too heavy a task for him and would wear 
him away. 

Q. — What advice did Jethro give unto Moses? 

A. — To choose from the people able men, such as feared God, 
men of truth and hating covetousness. 

Q. — For what purpose? 

A. — "To be rulers of thousands, and rulers of hundreds, rulers 
fifties and rulers of tens." 

Q. — Did Moses hearken to Jethro? 

A. — Yes, and did all that he had said. 

Q. — When did the rulers that were appointed judge the people? 

A. — At all seasons. 

Q. — What cases were taken before Moses? 

A. — All the great matters and hard causes only. 

Q. — After th's what did the father-in-law of Moses do? 

A. — He departed and went into his own land. 

(j. — After leaving Egypt what wilderness did the children of 
Israel reach in the third month? 

A. — The wilderness of Sinai. 

Q. — Before what mount did they encamp? 

A. — Mount Sinai. 

Q. — Why ilid Moses go up to the Mount? 

A. — To receive revelations from the Lord. 





JUTE1TILB IITSTRTJGTOB 




ZEE JLZR/ZKI, listen to the music. 

Song, with Vocal Accompaniment. — (Tune: — "7 Wandered by the Brook-side'') 



"Words by Mrs. E. F. Thomas 
Andantino: 



Music Arranged by Prof. C. J. Thomas. 







Rejoice, rejoice dear children, 

< ! re;it blessings are in store 
For all that do live faithful, 

And strive t<> sin no more. 
Be kind unto your parents, 

Their counsels strict obey;' 
And follow good examples — 

That is the better way. 



brod bless our noble leaders 

With health, and light and power 
To conquer every evil 

And banish Satan's power. 
Come, children, raise your voices 

In praise to Zion's king; 
And make the hills re-echo 

With loud hosannahs' ring. 




Truth will ever be unpalatable to those who are determined 
not to relinquish error, but can never give offense to the honest 
and well-meaning: for the plain-dealing remonstrances of a 
friend, differ as widely from the rancor of an enemy, as the 
friendly probe of a surgeon from the dagger of a blood-thirsty 

sassin. 



TTTVElsriljES,' IZCTSTIE&TTOTOIR/ 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 




