
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, NOVEMBEK 21, 1874. 



NO. 24. 




"rpilEN sliail 
X the king- 
dom of heaven 
be likened unto 
ten virgins, 
which took 
their lamps, 
and went forth 
to meet the 
bridegroom. 
And five of 
them were wise, 
and fiTe v/ere 
foolish. They 
that were fool- 
ish took their 
lamps, and took 
no oil with 
them: but the 
wise took oil in 
their vessels 
with their 
lamps. While 
the bridegroom 
tarried, they all 
slumbered and 
slept. And at 
midnight there 
was a cry made. 
Behold, the 
bridegroom 
Cometh; go ye 
out to m e c t 
him. Then all 
those virgins 
arose, and 
trimmed their 
lamps. And 
the fooli-sh said 
unto the wise, 
Give usof your 
oil; f o r our 
lamps are gone 
out. But the 
wise answered, 
aying, Not so; 
t there be 




not enough for 
us and you; but 
go ye rather to 
them that sell, 
and buy for 
yourselves. 
And while they 
went to buy, 
the bridegroom 
came; and the.v 
that were ready 
went in with 
him to the mar- 
riage: and the 
door was shu:. 
Afterward 
came also the 
other virgins, 
raying. Lord, 
Lord, open to 
us. But he 
answered and 
said, Veril}' I 
say unto you, I 
know you not." 
The following 
sketch fi'om the 
pen of a writer 
familiar with 
the customs of 
the land of Pal- 
estine, where 
our Lord dwelt, 
and other lands 
CO n t iguou s 
thereti), will 
doubtless be 
interesting to 
our readers: 

"It may gen- 
erally be taken 
anted 
in the 
thiit iiny- 
will yield 



for g 
now, 
Kast, 
thing 



to the pressure 
(if money. T! 





S78 



CTTJ^En^IXjE in^STI^TJCTOI^. 



h 




Influx of tourists has opened the eyes of the greedy peo- 
lile to the possibility of gain. And they will adrrit 
foreigners to almost all their shrines for a cpiiet bribe in 
silver or gold. 

"But there is one exclusion jn-eserved even to this day in 
the habits of every community. We had occasion to try it 
t\vicj; once in Kgypt, once in Palestine. AVe hacLa double inter- 
est in the attemiit. We desired to seethe ceremonies of a real 
native wedding; and with the old parable of our Lord in mind, 
we felt curiously inclined to test the rigidness with which the 
way was guarded, after that moment in the marriage when the 
parties had entered the guest-chamber. And we were very 
sure, after our earnest and persistent proffers of almost extrav- 
agant sums at the portal, that there is no possible entrance to 
be gained, when once the master has arisen and shut to the 
docu'. 

"[ sually great pomp attended marriages among the wealthy 
classes at the time when our Lord told thi.- familiar tale of the 
ten virgins. The actual ceremony was performed on the banks 
of a stream, in the presence of many friends of both bride and 
groom. After this they remained for a seven days" feast at 
the hou.ie of the girl's father. She was then conducted, with 
a train of much magnificence, to her hu.sband's home. The 
time was chosen for this late at night. On the way thither 
the ciunjiany were met by a proces.sion of female friends and 
relatives of the bride, bea.ing lit torches. There at the new 
estalilisliment they had another banquet, called the marriage 
feast. This is the one in particular, among all the festivities, 
to which our Lord refers. 

"It wa~ the duty of this attendant train to await the other 
one. until the jiroelamation should be made from a single per. 
son set to keeii watch — 'Behold, the bridegroom cometh' — 
when they were to join in with them, swell the numbers, and 
accomj>any the newly-wedded pair as their guests to the man- 
sion. ( )f course, for purposes of convenience and safety, as 
well as for exhilaration and brilliance of welcome, all the com- 
pany bore torches in their hands. 

"These lami]s were very simjile affairs. They burned with 
a flaring smoky light; and as the flame grew dim. needed to 
be fed from the vessels, or small cans, which were carried with 
them. 

"Xow in those countries the climate gives a luxurious lassi- 
tude to the IVame. When anybody has a task of waiting to 
do, he invariably goes to sleep. So these ten maidens slum- 
bered. ]5ut before long the voice, sounding through the 
.-liadnws, awakened them again. 

"W ith eager haste, one would imagine they would spring up 
at the call. One quick glance they would c;ust down the avenue 
to see ho n- near at hand was the expected train. Then they 
woulil turn attention to their torches. (Generally, if they sleep, 
jieople there stick the end <if the staff into the soil, leaving the 
flame to flicker slowly, and delay itself under its own snufl'. 
The.-*e virgins can trace the line of their companion.s far in the 
ilistance, by the glimuier, and perhaps they can hear one of 
the .strains of music. In haste arranging their robes, they catch 
thiMr torches in their "hands, imlling away the charred frag- 
ments of lirieM. and pouriuL' on fresh oil from the cans be.side 
them. One by one the new flam<.'s kindle, and p(mr a floo(l of 
red radiance over the grou|). 

"One word about the ordinary oil-stores. When the five 
foolish virgins di.scover they have nothing in their vessels, they 
instinctively seek to borrow. But the others reply, 'You are 
to go and Ijuy for yourselves.' Now nobody can do that in the 
Kast at midnight. The shops for traffic are mere shanties on 
the side- of the street, almost like sheds asrainst the wall. Thev 



have no windows or doors. They are six or eight feet wide and 
deep; resembhng our most insiiinificant fruit stands on the 
pavement. They shut up at night with a covering, like a 
bulky box or bin, and close with a hasp. The shop-keeper 
does not live in them, nor stay near them. To get any com. 
modity whatsoever in the night time is simply impossible. And 
one can predict no success on the part of the five disappointed 
women who went on their errand at that late hour." 



Ill 



aT^ 



erica. 



BY G. M. O. 



A T> A 'SI . 



GEOLor.lc.\LLY, America is as old as any if not the oldest 
of the continents; but we cannot ascribe to the world that 
great age that many scientific men have. Professor Hitchcock, 
in his excellent work on elementary geology, says, "that the 
coincidences betwecjn geology and revelation, upon points 
where we might leasonably expect collision if both the records 
were not essentially true, are much more numerous than the 
apiiarent discrepancies, and therefore the presumption is, that 
no real disagreement exists; and that geology ought to be 
regarded as a new means of illustrating, instead of opposing, 
revelation," Too many of our learned men of late years 
ignore the Jlosaic history of the creation of our globe entirely; 
others adhere strictly to the prevailing opinion that limits the 
duration of the world to man's brief existence of a few thous- 
and years. Into this controversy it is not our intention to enter, 
being satisfied with two points in which all reasonable men agree 
— that God created the world, and that man was among the latest 
of the animals to inhabit it. Now the great question is, since 
mankind had a beginning what continent was blessed as a dwell- 
ing place b}' our first parents, Adam and Eve. Generally to 
Asia has been assigned the honor; but some investigators, who 
have devoted much study and time to the subject, believe that 
the human race first sprung into existence in America. Forty 
years ago the learned antiquarian, Samuel L. Mitchell, of New 
York, with other gentleman eminent for their knowledge of 
natural history, advanced the theory that America was the 
country where .\dam was created. With the present state of 
our knowledge of the past this idea is not an absurd one, and 
it is important enough to deserve the attention and reason of 
all readers of history. Mr. Mitchell supports his theory by 
tracing the progress of colonies westward from America over 
the Pacific ocean to new settlements in Europe and Africa. 
Mr. Josiah Priest, author of a work on American anti(iuities, 
opposes this opinion on the grounds that the names of the 
rivers rising out of the region of country called I^aradise are 
given in the book ot Genesis and one of these rivers (the 
Euphrates) .still retains its name. Mr. Prie.st forgets that six- 
teen hundred years after the creation a mighty deluge covered 
the earth undcjubtedly changing its character altogether, level- 
ing mountains, elevating jilains and forming new rivers while 
obliterating the old ones. Again the ])lace of the creation of 
man is claimed to be in Cashmere in the Himalaya Mountains. 
This range it is.suppo.sed was the first dry land which appeared 
above the water, the rivers of Eden being the Ganges, Indus 
and Brahmapootra. Those are onl}' conjectures, sujiported by 
no .substantial facts. To all historians the precise location is 
unknown and we can adojit the theory with as much reason a 





CTTJVEn^ILE XlSTSTTlJJCTOTt. 



S79 





propriety, that the great valley of the Jlississippi was the par- 
adise of Adam as we can reasonably suppose that man inhal- 
ited this same section of countrj' previous to the deluge judging 
by the relies found and pronounced by scientists undoubtedly 
antediluvian. W'hen exc.vating the foundation of the gas 
works at New Orleans at the depth of sixteen feet the skeleton 
of a man was found. The head lay under the roots of a cypress 
tree all belonging to the fourth forest. There are ten similar 
growths buried below the present upright forest. Cypress 
trees are noted for their antiquity. One in the garden of 
Chapultepec, Mexico, Baron Humboldt considered over six 
thousand years old. In digging a well at Cincinnati, Ohio, in 
1S20, at the depth of eighty feet, the workmen came upon the 
stump of a tree, three feet in diameter, rooted in its native 
soil, which had been cut with an ax or sharp instrument. Iron 
rast was found on the top of the stump as if the ax had been 
decomposed during the time the mass of earth rested upon it. 
The drift in which it was found is apparently as ancient as any 
portion of the Mississippi valley. In July 18GS in digging a 
well for the Union Pacific Railroad, four hundred and fifty 
miles west from Omaha, the workmen at the depth of sixty- 
eight feet came upon a deposit of human bones. At Quebec, 
Canada, a fossil human skeleton was found in the solid chist 
rock, the same formation underlying the city. Dr. Dickeson 
found a human pelvis near Natchez, on the bank of the Miss- 
issippi river, in a fossil state. A few years ago a human skull 
well preserved was found near Altaville, California, one hun- 
dred and twenty feet below the surface of the ground. Over- 
lyhig this relic were formations of basalt and lava. 3Ir. 
Jeffries (''Natural History of the Human Races") saj-s this 
skul! is doubtless that of the lost race of America, and places 
its deposition' at a very remote era — at a much earlier period 
even than has been allotted to the creation of man. Professor 
Agassiz, lecturing at 3Iobilc in 18.53, pre.sented the remains of 
a human foot and jaws with teeth, found in the coral reef 
limestone at Lake Monroe, and asserted that it had been buried 
in the rock ten thousand years (''Types of Mankind"). The 
stalagmite caves of Brazil contain fossils of man that show by 
the growth of the stalagmites that the bones have been covered 
many hundred .years. Dr. Lldefonzo of Rio Janiero found a 
fossil bone of man in one of these caves in that vicinity. It 
was deeply buried in the clay underlying the stalagmite floor 
of the cave and he estimates the covering over the fos.sil had 
existed in the cave since the formation of the floor by the car- 
bonate waters, twenty thousand years. In reference to discov- 
eries made on the coast of Ecuador in 1.8G0, James S. AVil.son, 
Esq. , found at various points extending over sixty miles, ancient 
pottery, images and vessels, finely wrought, some made of gold. 
The geological formation where the.se remains were found is 
reported to be ""as old as the drift strata of Europe," a stratum 
of ancient surface earth, covered with a marin" deposit six 
feet deep. Sir Roderick Mureliison infers from this discovery 
that this land after being occupied by man had subsided 
and settled below the ocean long enough to accumulate 
the marine deposit and again 'been elevated, .since which 
tinie forests have grown which are older than the Spanish 
conipiest. This places human civilization in Soutli America 
as far back as the time of the old stone age of Western 
Eurciiie. 

From an article lately goinf tlie rciunds of the jiress. we are 
informed that a learned linguist of Brazil will sliortly jiublish 
a work over wliich lie has devoted several years of study, and 
wherein lie will ]irovo. or endeavor to prove, that langnagp 
oriL'inated in Suntli Anii'rica. 



We might multiply the evidences of man's existence on this 
continent previous to the flood; but enotigh has been given 
to establish his antediluvian antiquity. And although we are 
not able to present any definite facts from profane history that 
Adam was established on this hemisphere, we still have prob- 
lems based on .scientific researches carrying as much weight 
and reason towards the a,s.sertion of the fact (that Adam was 
an American) as our opponents can bring to bear against us. 
The unbiased mind of man is beginning to look at things as 
they are, not as they wish them to be. And the modern 
sciences, when rightly compared by the unprejudiced reasontr, 
daily demonstrates and are all tending to prove most clearly 
the truthfulness of our sacred writings, and that the hand of 
an allwise Creator has controlled and will continue to control 
all creation with a wisdom and judgment so far beyond our 
puny imaginations that we are utterly lost and confused when 
we attempt to jjenetrate the divine glories of the future or 
explain or make clear His work and will during the long agts 
of the mysterious past. 



-=*-*—- ^E> • —♦0=- 



S-A.lt lvl^lNrTJF.^CTTJK.E. 



BY BETH. 



CULi.N'ARY salt is not an artificial product; it is nvei)ared for us 
naturally and stored up for use beneath the earth. In 
solution, it abounds in the ocean, in salt lakes and in brine 
springs. It is seldom found quite free from other salts and 
earths. Too often it is filled with impurities, as, for instance, 
when it is collected from saline deposits on the margins of 
lakes, or where the waters of brine springs have sjwntaneously 
evaporated. Even the ''rock .salt," that looks so clear and 
apparently free from impurities, when dissolved in pure water, 
reveals the presence of most uninviting forms of animal and 
frequently vegetable organisms. We may understand the 
causes that give rise to these impurities by observing the 
condition of the waters of the Cireat Salt Lake, which contains 
at certain seasons of the year myriads of crustaceans, vi.-^ible to 
the eye, and other forms of life revealed by the microscope. 
From this cause when the waters of the lake recede f'rum any 
part of the shore where these organisms exist the salt which is 
formed is more or less impure. 

To remedy the inconvenience which arises from the use of 
the natural salt found in this country, resort to boiling will 
in-iiliably be the best method, as the jirocess of solar evajiora- 
tion and crystallization is slow and uncertain. Besides which, 
soluble salts of various kinds cannot be removed without 
boiling. The presence of these salts is knuwn by the deli(|ucs- 
cence they undergo on exjiosure to a moist atmosjdiere. 

Table salt is a chlnride nf soiliuni, that is the elementary 
body chlorine chemically combined with the metal sndium. 
But chldi-ine may cuHiliiiie with (itlier metals and form salts, as 
magnesium, calcium, aiiiiiuiiiiiini and lithium. These metallic 
salts, and others aJMi. are fniiiid in bihu' >piiiigs as well as in 
the ocean and salt lakes, and arc a (•(uislaiil muiicc iif ti'oidiie 

I tu i-cmiive by the salt maiinfacturer. 

j Thi' manufacturing jiriices.'^es dilVrr in dilVrreiit cnuntries. 

1 A\'lii-rc the climate is warm and the atiiKispliere ti'cc from 
snidkc and ilii>t. the brine is sulijrcliMl in a kind (if lillraticMi 
thriiugh basket wurk made (if twigs, etc., in pa.ssiiig ihi'ongli 
which the varieus eartliy particles held in suspension are sepa- 
rated. Solulile lime is made ni>(ilulile by hisiuL' part (if its 
carbonic acid, by which it lieciuues carlidnate of lime. It is by 
nie.Mii~ (if "L^railuatimi' |i(i-^ilile to ui;ike :i very weak lifiri 





S80 



jTj-vEisriLE izsrsTi?/UCTo:E?.. 



very strong, so that considerable expense is saved in the boiling 
process. We can easily understand that much must depend 
on the weather in such a process, for moisture retards evapo- 
ration, wind carries away salt particles, and frost affects the 
chemical constituents of the brine, so as to interfere with the 
boiling process by the ])resenee of chloride of magnesium. It 
is sufficient to say that a veiy large percentage of impurities 
can be removed by this simp'e percolation of Virine through 
faggots of thorn built up like a wall, above which the brine is 
placed in troughs and allowed to trickle slowly, constantly 
increasing in strength and jmrity, until it is fit for boiling. 
Much sedimentary matter is accumulated in the brine troughs, 
which consists of a fine mud containing valuable fertilizers, etc. 

The boiling process still further purifies: it consists of two 
distinct operations, evaiioration and crystallization. When 
the clear brine is boiled, which is done in wide sheet 
iron pans, beneath which adequate flues pass so as to keep up 
rapid ebullition, as the water is rem<^ved by evaporation more 
brine is admitted. The scum that accumulates on the surface 
is raked off, and the boiling continues until crystals of salt 
begin to form on the surface. The fire is then lessened, and 
the salt continues to form. AVhen the brine pan is kept at a 
high temperature the crystals are small (fine salt), a lower 
temperature gives a longer time for crystals to grow, hence 
they grow larger (coarse salt). The shape of the salt crystal 
is hopper -like (cubic, with pyramidal depressions on each fiice); 
the shape, however, is modified by the presence of other salts. 
The chloride of magnesium interferes with the operation by 
forming a hard surface salt that retards evaporation; by adding 
weaker brine containing sulphate of soda this evil is remedied. 
The salt as removed from the jian is drained on sloping boards, 
the brine running back into the pan. In England the very 
fine salt is jiut into conical baskets made of wicker work (bas- 
ket saltj. Whej the salt is dried it is packed ready for 
market. 

Salt is a very important article to manufacture wherever it is 
abundant, as other industries are connected with it. .'^hould a 
very superior table salt be made here, the world is ojien for a 
market; instead of which we are actually importing that article 
from beyond the sea. Pure chloride of sodium never attracts 
moisture from the air: moist salt contains more or less chloride 
of magnesium; impure salt, from other causes, when dissolved 
in pure water, reveals its impurities. Our Levan brethren are 
]>aying some attention to salt manufiicture, and steps are being 
taken by them to sujiply the iiublic with a market.ible salt. 



THiE Lj^nvn J^lSriTES. 



BY .JfillN NIfllOLSON. 




LfioKiNit at the pre.sent condition of the Indians or Laman- 
ites. it might seem nest to impossible for them to ever 
become ''a white ;ind delightsome people," as predicted in the 
i'^econd Book of Xcphi, but that prophecy will surely be ful- 
filled, for the Loi-.! has sjioken it. They became a dark and 
loathsome peoiiie in the first place because the curse of God 
rested upon their fathers, descending to the children, on 
account of their great wickedne,ss, and that being the effect 
]rroduced by the curse of the Almighty, the eftect of His 
blessing will be the opposite, making them, instead of '"dark 
and loathsome," "white and delightsome." and the latter 
effect will commence to operate and continue as the scales of 
darkness fall from their eyes and they believe on Jesus Christ 
their f>avior. 3Iany of the readers of the IxsTRrcTOR have, 



doubtles.s, known instances wherein people who have been 
afilicted with disease have been healed by the power of God, 
through the administration of the Elders, and this is quite as 
marvelous as the converting of the Lamanites from their 
present condition to that of a respectable jieople. 

Almost the first question asked of the Elders by those 
Lamanites who were baptized was, ''What can we do to be 
independent? We wi.sh to support ourselves and be like the 
white people." The Elders to whom this question was put 
gave them good counsel, which they showed the greatest 
willingness to adopt. They were told it was very wrong to 
drink "fire-water," or whisky, and many of them would not 
touch a drop of the stuff on any account. They were told it 
was better to wash their faces and keep them clean than to 
paint them, and many of them have ceased to use paint. The 
majority of them in that western part are probably more honest 
than the same number of white men. About a hundred and 
seventy of them have taken to farming, and they raise wheat, 
potatoes and other products, and the writer is informed that 
Elder E. Tadlock recently took uji a tract of land a hundred 
and sixty acres in extent for them to cultivate and settle upon; 
it will be seen therefore that no sooner do the scales of dark- 
ness begin to fall from their eyes than the foundation is laid 
for their becoming "a white and delightsome people," an 
industrious and respectable people, and it will be seen from 
what has already been written of this article that a commence- 
ment has actually been made in that direction. 

An account has been given in this article of three visitations 
of jiersonages to the Goshute chief, Toobuka. Now the 
natural inquiry arising in the mind of the young reader wiP 
be as to who the beings were who i)aid him those visits. Of 
course the writer cannot say definitely who they were, but, 
basing his conclusions on the "Book of Mormon," he thinks 
there is good reason for believing that they were certain mem- 
bers of the quorum of the Tweh-e Apostles chosen and set 
apart among the Xejihites on this continent by Jesus Christ, 
personally, when He visited them after His crucifixion and 
resurrection at Jerusalem. You who have read the New Tes- 
tament probably remember that John, "the beloved apostle" 
of the Savior, asked of Jesus that he should be permitted 
never to taste of death until the Lord should come to the earth 
in His glory, and that that desire was granted to him. Well, 
there were three of the Nephite apostles who desired the same 
thing, and the Lord granted it to them. But it is probably 
best to give the passage in the Book of 3Iormon touching upon 
this matter, which will be found on page 4SS, 13th chapter 
of the Book of Nephi, par, 3 and the first three lines of par, 4: 

"And it came to pass when Jesus had said these words, he 
spake unto his disciples, one by one, saying unto them, what 
is it that ye desire of me, after that I am gone to the Father? 
And they all spake, save it were three, we desire that after we 
have lived unto the age of man, that our ministry, wherein 
thou hast called us, may have an end, that we may speedily 
come unto thee, in thy kingdom. And he .said unto them, 
bltssed are y = , because ye desired this thing of uit; therefore 
after that ye are seventy and two years old, .ve shall come unto 
me in my kingdom, and with me ye shall find resi. And when 
he had spoken unto them, he turned himself unto the three, 
and said unto them, what will ye that I should do unto you, 
when I am gone unto the Father? And they sorrowed in their 
hearts, for thej durst not speak unto him the thing which 
they desired. And he said unto them, behold, I know j'our 
thoughts, and ye have desired the thing which John, my 
beloved, who was with me in my ministry, before that I was 





7 



0" TJ "V E 3Sr I L E insrSTI2.TJCTOI?. 



281 




lifted up bj' the Jews, desired of me; therefore more blessed 
are ye, for ye shall never taste of deatli, but ye shall live to 
behold all the doings of the Father, unto the children of men, 
even until all things shall he fulfilled, according to the will of 
the Father, when I shall come in my glory, with the jwwers 
of heaven; and ye shall never endure the pains of death; tut 
when I shall come in my glory, ye shall be changed in the 
twinkling of an eye, from mortality to immortality: and then 
shall ye be ble.s.scd in the kingdom of my Father. And again, 
ye shall not have pain while ye shall dwell in the flesh, neither 
sorrow, save it be for the sins of the world: and all this will I 
do because of the thing which ye have desired of me, for ye 
have desired that ye might bring the .souls of men unto me, 
while the world shall stand: and for this cause ye shall have 
fullness of joy; and ye shail sit down in the kingdom of my 
Father; 3'ea, your joy shall be full, even as the Father Jiath 
given me fullHCs.s of joj-; and ye shall be even as I am, and I 
am even as the Father; and the Father and I ara one; and the 
Holy (jhost beareth record of the Father and mr; and the 
Father givetli the Holy Ghost unto the children of men, 
because of me. 

"And it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken these 
words, he touched every one of them with his finger, save it 
were the three who were to tarry, and then he departed." 
{To Le Continued.) 



IL.J^:PILj^lSriDEK.S. 




THE Laplanders are very lean in flesh, having thick heads, 
prominent foreheads, hollow and blear eyes, short flat noses, 

and wide mouths. They are swift of foot and ver.v strong, so 
that a bow which a Norwegian can .scarcely half Ijenil, they 
will draw to the full, the arrow reaching to the head. The 
u.sual exercises are running races, and climbing inaccessible 
rocks and high trees. Though nimble and strong, they never 
walk upright, but always stooping, a habit they get by frerpiently 
sitting in their cottages on the groi:nd. Originally pagans, 
and most superstitious, they have for some centuries been 
Christians, and have produced many eminent and intelligent 
men. The manners and customs of the La inlanders in regard 
to man-iage are very peculiar. First they seek for a maiden 
well stocked with reindeer — which, in case of marriage, is 
secured to the child by her parents — and then comes the ofi'er. 
Accompanied by his father and one or more of his friends, 
who are to intercede for him, he makes for the hut of his 
intended, and waits at the door until he is summoned. His 
best man then addresses the father, di.scloses his strong aff'cc- 
tion for his daughter, and trusts he will give lier in charge tii 
him. He gives his consent. The loving couple then meet. 
Then come the pre.senfs, the rarest delicacies that Lapland 
affords — reindeer-tongue, beaver flesh and other dainties. If 
she accepts the jiresents the future marriage is arranged, but if 
.she rejects his suit she casts them down at his feet. The full 
approbation of the marriage and the celebration nf the wed- 
ding is often deferred for a considerable time, which they 
employ in courting. The object of giving time is to ."fiuoezc 
the bridegroom to the fullest extent (i. e., for presents, etc.). 
The day before marriage, the relations and friends of the bride 
and bridegroom resort to tlie bride's hut to deliver their 
]n-esents. The bridegroom is hound to present the father and 
mother with presents — the father with a silver cuii, a ketlle of 
copper or alchymy, a bed, or, at least hand.-ionie bedding; the 
mother a girdli,' of silver, a robe of lionor which they call 
ospi; a whisk which they wear abnut their neck, and which 



hangs down to their breast, interlaced with bosses of silver 
called krake. In addition, he gives presents to the brothers, 
sisters, and all the near kindred, in the shape of silver spoons, 
silver bosses, and other ornaments c ilver, for each of them 
mu.st have a present if he means to ol liu his bride. All thmgs 
arranged they proceed to church in tiie following order. The 
bride is led by two men. her father !iad brother, if alive, other- 
wise by two of her n 'arest relations. She is dragged to church 
by them, showing sadness and dejection, and great unwilling- 
ness and reluctance to her marriage. A wedding feast follows. 
Each person invited contributes his share of provisions. At 
the feast-table no person helps himself, but receives his meat 
from the hand of a laplander. If the hut is not large enough 
for the company, they climb up to the roof of the hut, mostly 
boys and girls, and from thence let down a flshing-line and 
hook up tlie food. The married couple nmst remain a year in 
the service of the father: they can then set up for themelvcs. 
The father then bestows ui)on the daughter the reindeer which 
are her due, given to her in her younger days also furnitui'eand 
a dowry of a hundred or more reindeer. Then all their rela- 
tion.s return all the i^resents they have made. The Laps may 
be said to be in the full sense of the word a moral race. They 
have no schoolmasters. The fither instructs the boy, the 
mother the girl. Soon afterbirth, they bestow on their infant, 
if it be a female, a female reindeer, and upon the horns they 
engrave her name, so as to prevent all controversies or quarrels. 
She receives another when she cuts her first tooth, which they 
call pannikeir— that is, tooth reindeer; and he who fir.st spies 
the tooth is entitled to a reindeer calf If the parents die, the 
nearest relation becomes the guardian. — Selected. 



-<,*—•< 



The Shepherd Boy.— One beautiful spring morning a 
merry-hearted shepherd boy was watching his flock in a 
bloomina- valley between woody mountains, and was singing 
and dancing about for very joy. The prince of the 
hunting in that neighborhood, and 
nearer, and said. "What makes you 



and was 
seeing him, called him 
hapiiy, my dear little 



one 



-fl' 



lid not know the prince, and replied, 
1-? Our most gracious sovereign 



■Why 
is not 



The boy 
shouldn't I be hajipy 
richer than I am!" _ __ 

' -How so?' ■ asked the jirinee; ' let me hear about yi mr riches. 

"The ,sun in the clear Ijlue sky shines as brightly for me as 
the prince,'' said the youth; ''and mountain and valley 



for 



I would 



grow green and bloom as sweetly for me as for him. 
not part with my two hands for all the money, nor sell my two 
feet for all the jewels, in the royal treasury. Besides I have 
everything I really need. I have enough to eat every day, 
and good warm clothes to wear, and get money enough every 
year for my labor and pains to meet all my wants. Can you 
say the prince has more'.''" 

The kind prince smiled, niadc himself known, and said, 
Keeii fa-^t liold of your cheerful 



'You are right, my boy. 
ipirit 



i,ld 



^DESHtJT ^^J^P^'f 



II.V\'E the coiua 
whomsoever exhibited. 

Have the courage to wcai 
new ones. 

Have the cjurage to (jbey your 
ridiculed by men. 

Have the courage to prefer comf 
in all things. 

THE LIBriARY OF THE 

H^Qi^ JiiiiOii- _BOARD_- 



to >\\u\\- that you respect honesty, by 



itbcs uutil you pay lor your 



Maker, at the ri>k of being 



Mt and jirosperity to fashion 



iC 



50 NORTH MAU bIRthI 
<AIT LAKE CITY I. UTAH 





SS: 



JTTJ^ElIISriLE insrSTI2.TJCTOI^, 









EDITOR. 








SATURDAY, 


NOVEMBER 


21 


, 1874. 





HE Apostle Paul wrote to the saints of 

oldeu time, "'I am not ashamed of the 

/?J aospel of Christ, for it is the power of 

,i^ Uod unto salvation to every one that 

eth." Now, will not the}' who sin- 

helieve in the gospel of Christ be 

( not only willing but anxious to obey its 

^"^ laws? We certainly think so. But how 

f/ can any of us understand these laws except 

)* we be taught? And how can we be rightly 

taught except God appoint some one to teach 

And, again, how can we obey the rites of 

the gospel except thei'e be those to whom God 

las given authority to act as His servants and 

in His name. 

Except there be tho.-e who ha^"e power given to 
them to officiate in its ordinances, the gospel would 
without power unto salvation, for its sav-ing rites 
could be administered unto none of us. This power to act 
and othciate. when cimferred by God on man is called the 
Holy Priesthood. They who hold this Priesthood have a 
right to do all things that God gives them autlioritv to do, for 
all power is with Him. The rights, powers and privileges of 
the Holy Priesthood are pro.scribed, defined and liuunded by 
God alone, and not liy man nor by the laws of man. It is the 
right of the Great- .Ma.ster to define the duties of His servants 
and to confer what jiortiou of His authority He may see fit on 
any of His sons on the earth. They who deny this deny the 
right of our Heavenly Father to govern this earth and His 
children hereon according to His divine wisdom and pleasure. 
All iiriestly i)ower. that God gives, is given by Him to men 
for the blessing and .salvation of their fellow men: therefore the 
greater the power bestowed on the Priesthood, the greater the 
blessings within the reach of mankind. AMiere the Holy 
Piiesthood docs not exist, there the fullness of the gospel 
cannot be ffinnd. und there its priceless gifts are beyond the 
retich of nici). In thi.~ res]iect this generation is favored above 
all others tha; have lived in ages when the priesthood only 
existed in part uimn men. or during such times when it was 
entirely taken from tlie earth. As, for example, when the 
law of carnal commauilnjcnts was given to the Hebrews as a 
schoolmaster, to bring them to Christ, or when the Priesthood 
was taken entirely IVum the peo)deof the Eastern and Western 
Hemisi)hcres. from the days of the great apo.stasy after the 
death of the ajMistles and prophets of the Christian era to the 
time of its restoratinn by divine jHiwer to the Prophet Jo.sei>h 
f^mith. 

The Lord does not give the .-anie amount of power and 
authority to all His servants. He has set in His Church ''first 
apostles, secondarily pro] diets, thirdly teachers. " All are not 
called to bi apo.stles. Others, not ordained to tliis calling, 
have given unto them, acc(n'ding to their ordination, certain 
portions of the priesthood, the extent of their authority being 
clearly defin xl by the word of God. Fnto Peter, the repre- 
sentative of the Twelve, Jesus said: "I will give unto thee the 



keys of the kingdom of heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt 
bind on earth shall be bound in heaven; and whatsoever thou 
shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven.' Again, it is 
recorded that, after His death on the cross, Je.sus visited His 
disciples, when He said unto them: "Peace be unto you; as 
my Father hath sent me, even so send I you." He then 
breathed on them and said, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost; 
whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them; and 
whose soerer sins ye retain they are retained." These are the 
words of the Son of God, not of man. What mighty power! 
Who could receive greater? 

This same priesthood, with all the powers thereof, has been 

besto'^ed by God on man in these days. As a result, all the 

blessings of the gosjjel are within our reach. The keys of 

heaven are upon the earth. The right and power to bind or 

loose, to forgive or retain, are held by God's servants to-day. 

How great is the weight of this calling ! how sad will be the 

end of those who do not honor it ! how terrible the fate of 

those who fight against it! But stay, consider; the children of 

the Latter-day Saints, to whom we are writing, are heirs unto 

the Priesthood. Its weight will by and by fall upon their 

shoulders, its power will rest upon their heads. Then is it not 

right for us to ask each youthful reader: are we preparing 

ourselves for so important a trust? — a trust which is greater 

than to be the guardian of the riches and wealth of a nation. 

Do we strive to learn the ways of (bid'' do we seek to walk in 

His ]iath.s? do we endeavor to follow good example? do we 

shun the evil doer? do we pray to God for His Holy Spirit? do 

we li.sten to the teachings of His tervant^, who.se places it will 

some day be our privilege to fill? Or are we wasting our time, 

neglecting our duties, forgetting our prayers, and reading the 

trash referred to in a late number of the InstkucT(ir, instead 

of the word and revelation of God? Let each one ponder, 

and answer the.se questions honestly to his own heart, and see 

where he stands as a child of that kingdom which (rod will 

make a i.ation of kings and priests. 



To See Dow.\ A Well — It is not generally known how 
easy a matter it is to explore the bottom of a well, cistern, or 
jiond of water, by the use of a common mirror. When the 
.sun is shining brightly hold a mirror so that the reflected rays 
of light will fall into the water. A bright spot will be seen at 
the bottom, so light as to .show the smallest object plainly. By 
this means we have examined the bottoms of wells fifty feet 
deep, when half full cr more of water. The smallest straw or 
other small object can be perfectly seen from the surface. In 
the same way one can examine the bottom of ponds and rivers, 
if the water be somewhat clear and not agitated by wind or 
motion. If a well or cistern be under cover, or shade by a 
building, so that the sunlight will not fall near the 0])ening, it 
is only necessary to employ two mirrors, using one to reflect 
the light to the opening, and another to reflect it down into the 
water. Light may be thrown fifty or a hundred 3'ards to the 
precise spot desireble, and then downward. AVe have u.sej 
the mirror with .success, to reflect light around the house to a 
shaded well, and also to carry it from a south window through 
two rooms and then into a cistern under the north side of the 
house. Half a dozen reflections of light may be made, though 
each mirror diminishes the brilliancy of the light. Let any 
one not familiar with the method try it, and he will not only 
find it useful but a pleasant exjieriment. It will i>erhaps 
reveal a ma.ss of .sediment at the bottom of the well that has 
been little thought of 





CTTJ^EI^ILE IIDTSTI^TJCTOI^. 



283 




THIE l^JEi:H.T^ir LITTLE 
SEL1ID-EJ^TEE.S. 




"The plumy people 
Most in woodland solitudes delight, 
There to make ready for Uieir prottj- birdlings. " 

AND Mr. and Mrs. Finch were no exception to the general 
rule, though with them there wa.s an e3'e out for ueighbcr- 
hood sociabilities. They have a special fancy foi buds of certain 
goodly trees ou which the farmer spends much time and care, 
and in this way 
have earned a 
reputation for 
thieving, cul- 
minating in a 
very ugly nick- 
name of "pick- 
a-bud." 

The family 
conKectious of 
this harmoni- 
ous pair'are re- 
spectable; there 
is a large circle, 
both in this 
countrj- and 
abroad, and 
poets and na- 
turalists have 
written much in 
their praise. 
The chaffinch 
and tlie gi'ld- 
finch are how- 
ever ''leaders" 
in finch society, 
and can trul\' 
laj" claim to no 
little native tal- 
ent and decided 
beauty in the 
matter of per- 
sonal appear- 
ance. . This so- 
ber c:jui)le ar- 
I'anging hou.se- 
hold affairs so 
quietly, have 
been termed 
■'robust and 
clumsy crea- 
tures." They 
hold, as do their 
fellows. ))eculiar 
ideas of free- 
dom and self- 
appropriation. 

not entirely agreeable to human cmles, and sec no harm in 
selecting the fairest of the seedling buds; there is an exten- 
uating feature in their robberies — such buds as jiroduce leaves 
only are rejected, they fancy only those containing the embryo 
of the future blo.ssom: by this ]irocedure, thcmgh the tree 
can bear no fruit, the foliage comes out as usual. Now if 
the leaves, the lungs of the plant, had been catcM, the 
owner would have lost, not only the fruit of the tree, but 
.so the tree itself 




3Ir. and 3Irs. Finch so busy in family matters did not at 
once make up their minds to the present arrangement; there 
was a good deal of flitting to and fro among the trees of the 
wood, and no Httle chattering, bird-fashion; but their "call- 
notes," when endeavoring to make themselves agreeable' 
are said to have a touch of pathos, which in the pre.sent 
case were to some purpose, and now the lively little couple 
are full of sweet concern arranging in comfortable quarters 
everything usual with bird fithers and mothers, for the smalh 

helpless things 
who will by- 
and-bj be plead- 
ing for food. 

A worn and 
somewhat dis- 
mantled cedar 
tree is the cho- 
sen spot; al- 
ready the foun- 
dation of their 
basket-castle 
has been laid, 
and for days 
the small arti- 
sans have been 
busy enough 
collecting dry 
sprigs and 
.strong, thread- 
like grasses, in- 
terlacing with 
skill the heavier 
materials, until 
the home-place 
grown to usual 
p r p r t ions 
outwardly, will 
now demand 
the finer finish- 
ing within. 
Upholstering 
among the 
tl'athered - folk 
i.; never shabbi- 
ly done; with 
" inbred art and 
tact they seize 
upon every- 
thing .suitable 
within reach — 
bits ot woodi 
tufts of hair, 
and th;' dainti- 
est mo.s.ses that 
keep beside wa- 
ter-courses an 
. Of these, what 
how neatly rough 
niav never feel a 



all laid unilci- ti-ibutt 
ami 
Ijabv iinibs 



eternal freshness, are 

linings and couches cannot be fashion 

corners can be covered, so that 

scratch. 

Our lively jiair seem to have a great deal of sunshine in 
their comiiosition; how full of cheerfulness is every movement, 
how harmonious their labors; one sits upon the warder's tower, 
regarding with calm content the jirogrcvs of their mutual care 
— no doulit the tall, mugli post di 



the selection of th 



tr^ 




SSi 



TTJ^EIsrZLE IltTSTI^TJOTOI?.. 




"houseplace;"' perhaps there the.y suns their little love-song, 
pluming their richly-tinted feathers, and valued it as a future 
r^sting-spot where they may in turn trill out sweet notes to 
comfort and encourage each other while wateliing the pretty 
bluish-white eggs, and later, when having satisfied the birdlings' 
hunger, they retire for rest. 

We read that our small artisans have richly-tinted coverings, 
sporting a lovely black cap, contrasting finely with the crimson 
of the breast, while the throat, back and shoulders of gray 
tone down the stronger colors. Under the chin we find a tiny 
tuft of black, soft and rich as the glossy head-gear. 

Though decidedly social abroad among their kind, they never 
admit the presence of a third party into their households; such 
an attempt would be considered indecorous in the extreme, and 
would be surely punished; flirting, though oeeasionly winked 
at in some other bird-circles, is never tolerated among finches. 

It must not be omitted that these small creatures live mainly 
upon the seeds of the ash and beach; cedar-trees also aiford 
them nuniy choice bits. They are very affectionate in the fam- 
ily relation, often retaining a mutual regard fur years, and year 
after year uniting in household cares as regularly as spring 
returns. As they raise but one brood each year, the baby-birds 
remain in the home-nest, maintaining the friendhest relations 
with tlioii- parents all through the autumn and winter, but 
when balmier days come round .separating to select a partner, 
and address themselves to the personal sui:iervision iif a new 
household. 

The birds possess great i)owers of imitation, and can be 
taught many new airs and to trill with marvelous jjower. Tbey 
are about .seven inches in length and usually rather .shy in their 
habits. What busy, hai)py lives they lead. Each and all have 
their apjiointed tasks, their little life of song and flight, and 
joyous household cares, and not "one of them falls to the 
ground" unnoted by the loving Father's eve. - 



j^ s^sivdiiiNrisoEisroE. 



BV .T. II. 




ONK uiiglit .-upi]0,>e, by looking at the little gentleman in the 
picture on our next page, that the life of a sailor is one of 
the easiest and most pleasant imaginable; but our .sailor in 
the picture is a holiday sailor, or, in other words, he is only 
playing the saildr. You all know how pleasant it is to play 
the soldier or sailor, and from reading fancy sketches of the life 
of the ''.jolly tars," mauy boy.s think they would like to go to 
.sea, or to be .sailors. But you who have read "A Boy's 
Voyage Around the World' ' are well aware that few callings 
or professions have uuire unpleasantness connected with them, 
and. however pleasant it may be playing sailors by going 
boating when thi; weather is fine and calm, there is perhaps 
no calling in the world fraught with .so many dangers as that 
of the sailor, as the writer of the present sketch knows by 
experience. But now for my reminiscence. 

Wlien a child, between three aod four years old, I awoke 
one night, and the room I was in pre.><ented the appearance of 
a ship, the fore part of which was under water. I was stand- 
ing on the after part, called by sailors the starboard side of the 
quarter deck, and, to my left or port side of the ship there 
was a light, by which I was enabled to see that a great many 
jieojile were swimming about in the water. The place where 
the light was seemed to be the only way of escape, all around 

ing as dark as the darkest night. Little did I then think 
that the horrors so vividly foreshadowed in that fearful vision 



would be fully realized in the experience of my after life; but 
so it proved. 

It was in the month of November, IS.Jl, that, in company 
with my ftither, one of the ship's officers, I first went on 
boa..i the Birkenhead, a large ship belonging to the British 
navy, which was used for carrying troops from one ijart to 
another of the dominions of the British sovereign. At that 
lime Great Britain was at war with the Kaffirs, a wild tribe 
living in Cape Colony, an extensive tract of country in South 
Africa, for which place the Birkenhead was destined, carrying 
troo))s to reinforce the British soldiers already there fighting 
the Kaffirs. 

Before starting for Africa, we sailed to Sheernoss, a naval 
station on the Isle of Thauet. situated at the mouth of the 
river Thames. On arriving there we took on board the crew 
of the Waferho, and brought them to Portsmouth to man the 
Brittannia, those ships being at that time among the finest 
and largest in the British navy. 

On reaching Portsmouth, the Birkenhead coaled from the 
coal ship Malabar^ and then went to Spithead, whence, after 
taking on board some provi.^ijns and a few soldiers, we sailed, 
on Jan. 2, lS.i2. for Ireland. The AVest India mail boat 
Amazon sailed from Southampton on the same day, and she 
was destroyed by fire in the Bay of Biscay. I have no doubt 
that the Birlcenhead and Amazon passed each other in the 
English Channel, which divides England from France, and 
upon which ships from all parts of the world sail to London. 

I shall never forget the feelings I experienced the first 
morning after starting. It was blowing a stiff south-wester, 
and the ship going head to the wind, which caused her to 
pitch fearfully, and every time she pitched it seemed to me 
that the waves must roll completely over her, and I thought I 
would much rather be on the land. I well remember how 
grim the rocks looked on the coast of Cornwall, with the sea 
dashing against them and the spray rushing up their rugged 
sides; the impression made on my young mind I never shall 
forget. 

On Monday, tlie 5th of January, wo entered Cork harbor, 
to coal ship and embark the soldiers fir the Kaffir war. It 
was blowing and raining very hard, and while hauling alongside 
of the coal ship the hawser, or rope used in hauling the .ship, 
parted, and one piece of it struck a marine named Cooper, 
inflicting a severe injury on one of his legs. 

After taking on board our coal and all the troops allotted to 
us, we set sail for the Cape of (xood Hope. We had a terrible 
passage until we arrived at the island of Madeira, our deck 
having been once swept clean of everything it contained by a 
huge sea washing over it. We were reported lost by the mail boa^ 
from Southampton, which also informed us of the burning of 
the Ainazon, the steamer which, as I have already told you, 
sailed on the same day that we did. 

After putting things straight, and buying a sujiply of fruits, 
and of the beautiful artificial fiowers made in the nunneries on 
the island of Bladeira, we sailed for Sierra Leone, a country on 
the west coast of Africa, which we reached in safety. From 
Sierra Leone we sailed for St. Helena, a small island in the South 
Atlantic Ocean, to which Napoleon the first was banished, and 
where he died in the year 1820. While there I visited his 
grave, at a place called Longwood, and talked with the old 
people who knew him. 

St. Helena is called the Inn of the Ocean, being situated 
about mid-ocean between Africa and j\merica; and, although 
the island is but a towering rock. Providence has blessed it 
with beautiful sjirings of water, and on this account between 
three thousand and four thousand shijis of all nations c 





J-TJ^EI^IXjE IIsrSTI?/TJOTOI?. 



285 





there for water in the course of one year. St. Helena is so 
steep all around it that you can only land at James Town, on 
its north side, and it takes good seamanship to get close to 
town, and to prevent getting on the outer bank, with forty 
fathoms of water. James Town is situated at the mouth of a 
small vallej', or, more properly speaking, a canyon, the sides ol 
the mountains being so nearly perpendicular that the road is 
cut zigzag in the solid rock, .something like some of the canj'on 
roads in Utah. On the tops and sides of these mountains are 
frowning batteries of heavy ordnance. 

It was in the fall of IS.')! that I was at St, Helena, and I 
spent two days on shore. Our object in going there was to 
procure provisions for the English men-of-war stationed on the 
west coast of Africa, and while on shore I walked up to the 
top of Ladder Hill, by way of what is called the Ladder, which 
contains over six hundred steps. To say my legs ached conveys 
a poor idea of how I felt when I arrived at the top. After 
resting a' little while I looked around and examined the for- 
tress. It was beautifully clean and the guns were of heavy calibre. 

After coaling and watering at 
St. Helena, we sailed for the 
Cape ot Good Hope, which we 
reached in safety, anchoring in 
Simon's Bay on the afternoon 
of the 24th of February. is.'i2. 
We disembarked some of our 
troops, and then hauled along- 
side the Serinffajyafam^ tlie 
coal shiji at Simon's Bay. We 
not only filled our coal bunker.*, 
but we stacked coal on the uj)- 
per deck, to be u.sed first, so 
that we might have enough to 
take us to Algoa Bay and Port 
Natal, for which points the re. 
mainder of our troops weie 
destined. 

On the evening of the 2.jth 
oi February we steamed out of 
Simon's Bay, and the crew 
turned in feeling as .secure as if 
on shore. The watch was re- 
lieved and all went prosiierous 
till about 2 o'clock on the morn- 
ing of the 20th, when the ."^hip 
with a ioud crash struck a rock 
witli such force that the sailors were knocked out of their 
hammocks. I was sleeping in the starboard i)addle box with 
my father. He jumped up at the first alarm and dressed, and 
finding that I did not stir, he told me to be quick and dress. 
I was too young to realize the danger of our position, but the 
anxiety evinced by the manner and tone of voice in which my 
father spoke to me made me feel for the moment that there 
was cau.se for fear, but little did I imagine that the vision men- 
tioned at the commencement of this article, and which I had 
had six or seven years before, was about to be fully realized. 
I hurriedly got on my pantaloons which, with my shirt, was all 
the clothing I usually wore on board ship, and then my father 
and I hastened on deck, where we found most of the men and 
ofiicers already as.sembled. My father took me to the after 
part of the .shi]!, and placing me in the gun room berth, he 
went to try and render assistance. While there the .shiii gave 
two terrible rolls, which, I believe, cut her in two on the rock. 
My father returned to me in a short time and told me that we 




must get out of her, meaning the ship, and taking me by the 
hand led me on to the (juarter deck, which was crowded with 
soldiers. A military oflfieer told my father that he would see 
me safe, and placing u'y hand in that of the officer, my father 
left me, and I never saw him afterwards. He was lost while 
endeavoring, with the aid of some of the men, to got the 
paddle-box boats into the water. 

Something told me to make for the gangway, and acting on 
the impulse of the moment, I .slipped from the care of the 
officer who had charge of me, and did not stop when he called 
me. While I was getting to the gangway I heard the water 
rushing into the ship, and also heard the people below calling 
for help, the ship all the time trembling like an aspen leaf. 
I was guided to the gangway by the glimmer of a light from a 
lantern, the soldiers making way for me as I tried to push my 
way among them. When I reached the gangway all of the 
women and children, except one woman and her child, were in 
the second cutter. I recognized the voice of a man named 
Daniels, and I asked him not to .shove off without me; he 

promised that he would not 
and called to me to come along. 
It being very dark, and the 
boat sometimes above and at 
others far below me, on account 
of the ship being fast on the 
rock, and a tremendous sea 
rolling, I was afraid to attempt 
to get into the boat, As the 
lioat rose on a billow Daniels 
called to me to jump. I hesi- 
tated, but as the boat sunk 
below tiie gangway he caught 
my leg, and over I went, strik- 
ing on the gunwale of the boat, 
between it and the .ship. How 
I got into the boat I do not 
know; it is one of the strangest 
things imaginable that I was 
not crushed between the boat 
and the ship. On the rising of 
the boat the last woman and 
child were passed in, and we 
.■^hoved lift' from the ship. 

By this time horses and men 
were swimming about in the 
water together, and every now 
and then we would hear some poor fellow give a piercing 
shriek, as a shark took oft' his leg or bit him in the side. The 
sharks were very numerous, and it was told me in fS.'jT, and 
also in is.is;, both at Algoa Bay and at the Cape of Good 
Hope, that when ilivcrs went dnwn to emlcavor to get the 
treasure and to remove the engines that were on board the 
Birkcnheail, the sight was so horrilde that they could not 
remain below on the wreck, for when the ship sank, the water 
rushing into the eomitariments had mingled men and sharks 
tiigcther, and bediming entangled with iiieces of the wreck, 
they were all drowned. (.)ue diver stated that he would not 
go down again for the ship and treasure: and if men accustomed 
to >urh sights could nut bear it, it must have been horrible. 
( To he Continued.) 



Work is the weapon of honnr. and ln' wlm lacks the weapon 
will never triumph. 




m^'- 



sss 



J U "V^ E IN" 1 1-1 E in^STI^UCTOI^. 




tiesti0f!^ anil ^ttsirer^ 

OItT THIIB BIBLE. 

BOOK OF JUDGES. 




LESSON LXXVI. 

Q.— What dill tlif Lord tell Gideon to do'' 

A.— To proclaim to the people that all who were afraid might 
return. 

Q. — How many left after this proclamation'' 

A. — Twenty-two thousand. 

Q.— What did the Lord then say? 

A. — That there were still too many people. 

Q. — What did He require of Gideon'.' 

A. — That he should take them down into the water. 

Q. — For what purpose did he do this? 

A. — To see how they would drink. 

Q. — How many lapped the water like a dor, putting their hand 
to their mouth? 

A. — Three hundred. 

Q. — How did the rest drink water' 

A. — Thej' bowed down on their knees. 

Q. — Wliich of these did the Lord choose to deliver Israel? 

A. — The three hundred. 

Q. — What •\vas done with the rest? 

A. — The3' returned every one to his tent. 

Q. — Uow was Gideon convinced once more that he should not 
fear? 

A. — He overheard a dreara told by one of the enemy's host. 

Q. — How many companies did Gideon divide the three hundred 
men into.' 

A.— Three. 

Q. — What did Gideon put in every man's hand? 

A. — A trumpet, wi:h empty pitchers, and lamps witliin the 
)iitcher.-. 

Q. — What were the three hundred to do when Gideon blew his 
trumpet'' 

A. — Til blow with their trumjiets on eveiy side of the camp. 

Q.— What were they to say at the same time'' 

A. — "The sword of the Lord and of Gideon.'' 

Q. — What did they do with the pitchers? 

A.— They broke them. 

Q. — In which liand did they then hold tlie lamp-' 

A.— Their left hand. 

Q.— What did they hold in their right hands? 

A. — The trumpets. 

Q — AVhen the three companies did as Gideon commanded what 
was the result? 

A. — The host of the enemy ran and cried and fled. 

Q.— What did t>;e Ljrd do? 

A. — He "set every man's sword asainst his fellow even through- 
out the liost." 

Q, — To whom did Gidcun send messengers to come down against 
the ilidianites? 

A. — -Til the men of Epliraim. ' 

Q. — Whom did the men of Ephraim slay? 

A. — Two prince of the Midianites. 

Q. — What wiMv their names? 

A.— Orebnnil Z-i-b. 

Q. — Wht/ni did (jideon ask for loaves of bread for the men that 
followed him',' 

A. — The men of Succoth. 

Q. — What answer did the princes of Succoth make^ 

A. — "Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand 
that we should give bread unto thine army?" 

Q. — What then did Gideon say unto them? 

A — That he wo\ild tear their flesh with the thorns of the wil" 
derness and with briers. 

Q. — When did he promise to do this? 

A. — When the Lord had delivered the Midianites into hi> hand? 



iies!i0iis fiiii! insurers 
Booic OIF nvE o B. nvE o 3sr . 



IIEIGX OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXVI. 

Q.— What did tlie king do after he awoke? 

A. — He preached unto the people who had assembled by com- 
mand of the queen. 

Q. — Who were converted at this time? 

A. — All his household. 

Q.- -What did he do to help Aaron and his brethren in their 
labors? 

A. — He sent out a proclamation ordering the peo])le not to 
molest them. 

Q.— After this what did the sons of Mosiah do? 

A. — They went from house to house iJreaehing the word of the 
Lord. 

y. — What success attended their labors? 

A. — Thousands were brought to a knowledge of the truth, and 
repented of their sins. 

y- What success did they have in preaching to the Amalek" 
ites? 

A. — They convertel only one. 

Q. — Hov,- many were converted of the Amulonites? 

A.^None. 

Q. — AVhat name di<l those Lamanites who had been converted 
take upon themselves? 

A. — Anti-Xephi-Leiii. 

(J.— Why did they do this' 

A.— That they might be distinguished from the rest of the 
Lamanites. 

Q. — What part of the peojile besides the Amulonites and Ama- 
lekites were not converted? 

A. — The people in the land of Helam and in the land around 
about. 

Q. — W^hat did the people of Amalek and Amnion stir up these 
Lamanites to do? 

A. — To rebel against their king. 

Q. — When did the king die? 

A. — The same year that the people rebelled. 

Q — AV'ho was his successor? 

A. — His son. 

Q. — What was his name? 

A — Anti-Nephi-Lehi. 

y. — What did this king command his people to do? 

A. — To make no preparations for war that they might not stain 
their swords with blood. 

Q —What did he advise? 

A. — He advised them to bury their swords that they might De 
unstained. 

Q.— Did they do as he advised? 

A. — Yes: they took off their swords and all their weapons of 
war. 

Q. — Did the rebellious Lamanites and the Amalekites and Amu- 
lonites still approach? 

A. — Yes; thev were determined to overthrow the people of 
Anti-Xephi-Lehi. 

Q. — How did the jieople meet the enemy? 

A. — The Went fortli and prostrated themselves, and called upon 
God. 

Q. — While thej- were in this attitude what did their enemies do? 

A. — They fell upon them and began their .slaughter. 

Q. — How many did they kill in this way? 

A. — One thousand and five. 

Q. — Wh^n they saw their brethren would not flee but praised 
God even when dying, what did they do'' 

A. — They ceased the slaughter and threw down their weapon 



4^: 





OrXJATIiJn^I.-ILE in^STI^TJOTOK. 




SS7 



BLTJE OO^T BOYS 




THE blue coat boys were not United States soldiers in uni. 
form, not an.v soldiers in uniform, but bo.vs of all ages 
between seven and fifteen, and this was the uniform they wore 
— a blue coat or tunic, bright yellow petticoat, yellow stockings, 
a red leathern girdle about the waist, a white cravat about 
the neck, and on the head a little round, black woolen cap. 

How many of these boys were there? where did they live? 
why did they wear so strange a dress? They lived in London, 
about one hundred j-ears ago, dozens upon dozens of them; 
they were, all members of a school known as Christ's Hospital 
(a strange name for a school), and their peculiar dress was the 
regular school uniform; they were charity scholars, brought 
from poor and respectable homes, to receive as good advan- 
tages as England could give even to her wealthier sons, and 
to be fitted for entrance into the highest universities of the 
land. The school still exists in London, and blue coat boys 
may be seen there to-day. but those of whom I am going to 
tell you belong to the old time. 

The little seven-year-old boy, fresh from the home love and 
petting, here found himself surrounded by a multitude of 
strange fiiees. numbering five or si.x hundred, sometimes as many 
as eight hundred. How awkward it must have .seemed to him at 
first, when even the fiiniiliar garments which mother's hands 
had made must be laid aside and the quaint school garb assumed! 
I can fancy such a one, going over the great building for the 
first time, accompanied by an older scholar, who would 
explain to him the wonders of the place. 

He would hear how this old building had been a home of 
the Grey Friar>. an order of monks, whose uniform was of 
the color indicated iiy their name— he would be shown into the 
boys' bed-rooms, and told that these were monks' cloisters. 
where they counted their beads and said their prayers and did 
their penances. At certain places he would be stojiped to 
listen to frightful details of the .scenes that had been enacted 
just there, among these old monks in the ages gone by. 

Then he would be told how, after the monks had "been sup- 
pressed, the boy-king Edward YI (who.se memoiy all little 
.students of English history learn to love), had, just a few 
months before his death, e.stablished in these old buiidings. this 
school for boys; he would have his attention drawn to the brass 
medal-like buckle which fljstened his red leathern girdle; and 
the boy-face on it would always thereafter be associated in his 
mind with Edward VL whom it was intended to represent. 
He would be taught to distinguish the monitors by their badge. 
Guess what this monitor's badge was. You never will: so 
give it up, and I will tell you. It was and still is, a siqxrior 
style of shoe-strinr/! 

Had these blue coat boys any holidays? Yes; there was 
Christmas, when they clubbed their funds together and bouglit 
such refreshments as their means would allow, when even the 
jienniless ones came in for a share of the good things, as then- 
sat around the fire and told stories; then, on Christmas niglit_ 
when the little ones had retired at their usual hour, .seven 
o'clock the monitors and older boys went through the halls and 
bed-rooms, singing their Christmas carols, until, as one <if 
their number wrote years afteiTvards, when he was no longer a 
boy, — 'I seemed to be transported to Bethlehem, and tn hear 
the voices of the angels as they sang to the shepherds." 

There was Easter, when the whole school marched in solemn 
jirocession through the London streets and were received by 
the Lord mayor in his stately robes, who dispensed to each 
child cake. wine, and a shilling. That was a red-letter day. 



you may be sure. Then there were several da.vs preceding 
Good Friday, when they "supped in public," and any person 
in the city might come to witness their proceedings; not so very 
stately a performance one would think, when he is told that 
they ate from wooden trenchers and the meal to which the 
public was invited as spectators was .simply a meal of bread 
and cheese. 

Lastly, there were the holidays known among them as whole 
leave days, when there were no studies and no dinner. This 
Suited admirably the boys who were within walking distance of 
friends and iiarents, but those who had no other retreat but 
the school may well be excused if they longed for night and 
suDper. It was bright enough at first; breakfast over, they 
wandered away to a famous ba'-hing place, known as the New 
River; here they bathed and dived and swam, getting them- 
selves appetites: then they came out of the water and watched 
the cattle feeding in the meadows, the bees eathering their 
stores of .sweets from the flowers, the birds finding their sup- 
plies of seeds and grubs— all things around had something to 
eat— the very sigh ; made them the hungrier. How long the 
atteruoons were: they Jooked in the bright shop window.s^ and 
then went to the Tower, where was a fiimous menagerie, and 
where they might watch the lions, for the keeper of the 
menagerie understood that blue coat' boys were always to be 
admitted free of charge, whenever they applied for such a 
favor. I eannot think tho.se holida.vs without dinner were red- 
letter days. 

Did they make much progress in their studies? Some of the 
brightest names in S]nglish literature belonged to men, who, in 
their childhood, were blue coat boys. It would be an interest- 
ing study for those of vou who have leisure and taste for these 
things, to hunt up some of these names. Let me give you a 
few hints. One of them became a prominent English bi.sho)). 
The initials of three, who became famous as poets and pros -. 
writers, were. C. L. , S. T. C. and L. H. 

What did they read? It was before the days of children's 
magazines and children's literature, but they had Kobin.son 
Crusoe and the Arabian Nights. 

They had some laws which were peculiar to themselves: 
these laws or traditions, handed on to each new-comer, and 
thus passing from generation to generation, were rigorousl\- 
observed by all. 

Among these traditions was the abstaining from all fat 
meats, and the refusal to eat certain kinds of sweet cakes. 
No one could tell how the.se traditions originated. The boys 
were strictly allowanced in the manner of food, and we are 
told that this allowance was ' -cruelly insuflficient:" so much 
meat jilaced upon tach plate, part lean, part fat; this fat was 
tnown among the boys as '"gag, " and no matter how hungry 
he might be, nor how much his appetite might crave it, 
no blue coat boy would wi'lingly be a ' 'gag-eater. ' ' 

There is a touching story told of one who acquired among 
the other boys the reputation of a "gag-eater;" it was noticed 
that he quietly gathered up, after the meal, every bit of fat 
left on the plates of those who sat at the .same table with him. 
self; the hungry boys were not likely to leave a jKirticle of 
bread, yet, if they had, the smallest bit of crust was iievei 
overlooked by him; all the.se .scra])s were i)laced in a blue- 
checked handkercheif and the handkerchiel' on a bench by 
the side of his bed; the boys watched to .see him eat it, but 
they only saw the scraps accumulating; it was rumored that he 
ate at night when others were asleei), but in this he was never 
detected. The "gag-eater" became odious to his fellows, h.' 
seemed a studious, gentle-hearted boy, yet they shunned hii 





S8S 



cru"VE:]^iXjE iisrsTi?.TJCTOi?. 




no one would play with him or associate with him; he ate 
'•strange flesh;" at length it was noticed that the blue-check 
handkerchief and its contents were regularly carried awav, 
when he had leave of absence. His footsteps were traced by 
some of his school-fellows to the poorest part of the town, into 
a wretched garret; and when the whole matter was revealed, 
it was found that the parents of the poor boy had become so 
reduce dthat they were in danger of starvation, and the weekly 
supply of scraps in the blue-checked handkerchief was gladly 
recaived and eagerly devoured by the two old people. Honor 
to the brave "gag-eater!" I am glad to add that the school 
authorities came to the relief of his parents. 



31j7^XJC3-H:TEI^.. 



WE may range the several kinds of laughers under the 
following heads: — The dimplers, the smilers, the laugh- 
ers, the grinners, the horse-laughers. The dimjile is jiractised 
to give a grace to the features, and is frequently made a bait 
to entangle a gazing lover; this was called the Chian laugh. 
The smile is for the most part confined to the fair sex, and their 
male reiinue. It expresses our satisfiiction in a silent sort of 
approbation, doth not too much disorder the features, and is 
Jiractised l.iy lovers of the most delicate address. This tender 
motion of physiognomy the ancients called the Ionic laugh. 
The laugh among us is the common risus of the ancients. The 
grin, by writers of antiquity, is called the Syncrusian; and 
was then, as it is at this time, made use of to display a beauti- 
ful set of teeth. The horse-laugh, or the Sardonic, is made 
use of with great success in all kinds of disputation. The 
proficients in this kind, by a well-timed lauah. will baffle the 
most solid arguiueiit. This, upon all occasions, supplies the 
y>'ant of reason; is always received with great apjilause in cof- 
fee-house disputes; and that side the laugh joins with is gener- 
allv observed to sain the better of his antasonist. — Steele. 



O H ^^ I^ J^ ID E , 



V.Y HENRY G. REVNOLD.*;. 



I .VM eomjiosed of 1.3 letters: 

My 1, 4, .1, 5, 11, 10 is a covering for the hands; 

My 2, 7, 4, 11 is a lake in the United States: 

My 9, 1-3, r> is an in.sect; 

My .5, 4, K) is a useful metal; 

My V, 9, .J is a small animal; 

My S. 11, 3 is a color; 

My 3, 12, 5, 2 is a fruit; 

My 1, 12, .-) is to ruli your feet on; 

Jly 5, 2, 12 is used as a beverage; 

My 3, 2. 1 1, 7 is an aminial; 

My whole is the name of Sea. 



The answer to the Charade ])ublished in Xumbcr 22 is Meji 
]'llRE.M.\(ifi(i. Vie have received correct answers from Sarah 
Jensen, Brigham City; Edith Thurston, Hyde Park; James 
Lowe, Smithfield; I. L. Burnham, Ilichmond; and Elizabeth 
Brooks, M. E. Letham, Ellen Culmer, Rebecca Noall, B. Y. 
Hampton. Jr., Alex. Wright, J. I). Irvine, H. G. Beynolds 
and H. Standing. Salt Lake City. 




The good of a man's life cannot be measured by the 
f his funeral procession. 



juiith 



^electei! psjctrii* 



B^Bir -FlLjA.-YrXl<TO- BE^I^. 



Oh, what a funny little bear! 

Here he comes mouth open wide, 
He has four teeth, I do declare! 

Let me find a place to hide. 

Oh, what a cunning little bear! 

See him stand upon two feet! 
Now he is looking everywhere— 

Ah! he spies out mj- retreat. 

Oh! what a savage little bear! 

How he pounces on the rug! 
He will bite and pull out hair. 

But I do not mind his hug. 

Oh, what a funny little bear! 

Barnum has none half so funny; 
Fur raw meat he does not care, 

But he's fond of bread andjlioney. 

Oh. what a darling little bear! 

He is only one year old; 
He has blue eyes and yellow hair. 

And he's worth his weight in gold. 

Oh, what a sleepy little bear! 

Let me kiss his rosy feet. 
Oh, what a roly-poly bear! 

He is good enough to eat. 



Di>u,.\R M.VRK. — The theory of a writer in the ^4/Zan?ic 
MontJily is that the two parallel upright marks may be traced 
back to the pillars of Hercules, and the S-like figure to a scroll 
entwined around them ($). According to tradition, when the 
Tyrian colony landed on the coast of Spain and founded the 
ancient city Gades, (now Cadiz),'; Melcarthus, the leader of the 
expedition, set up two .stone pillars as a memorial, over which 
was built a temple of Hercules. Centuries later, when Charles 
Y. became Emperor of German.v, he adopted a new coat of 
arms, in which the pillars of Gades occupied a prominent posi- 
tion in the device. Hence, when a new coin was struck at the 
Imperial Mint, it bore the devide, two pillars with a scroll 
entwined around them. Hence, our dollar mark. 



Be i-iTY is as summer fruits, which are easy to corrupt'and 
cannot last; and for the most part it makes a dissolute y outh, 
and an age a little out of countenance; but if it light well, it 
it makes virtues shine and vice blush. 

cruA7'Ei>riijE insrsTi?/TJOTOi?. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Siiijle Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

,?^~Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be 'directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




