
Pxrltrtess in t\t ^0rb! 





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 2, 1873. 



NO. 1G 



coetjimibtjs j^njd the -wise zmzeust of;:spaik 




THE first aceount of Japan, or mention of its existence, to be 
found in any European writer, is contained in the Oriental 
Travels of the famous Marco Polo. This celebrated man lived 
in China for seventeen years, was a great favorite with the 
Emperor Kublii Khan, aud was appointed by him governor of 
the province of Chekiang. It was to this sea-coast province 
that the Jap- 
anese traders 
came, and 
while residing 
at Hangchow, 
the capital, 
Marco Polo 
saw and con- 
versed with a 
number of the 
natives of Jap- 
an. 

A. D. 1298, 
six years after 
his return to 
Europe, he 
wroteaud pub- 
lished his Ori- 
ental Travek. 
in which, a- 
mong other 
things, he says 
the following 
of Japan; 

"It is an is- 
land in the 
Eastern Ocean 
of considerable 
size. Its in- 
habitants are 
well made, 
aud are civil- 
ized in their 
manners. 
Their religion 
is the worship 

of idols. They arc independent of every foreign power, and 
are governed by their own kings, They have gold in the great- 
est abundance; but as the king does not allow it to go out of 
the country, it is not frequented by much shipping from oiher 
p&rts. The entire roof of the king's palace is covered with a 
plating of gold; the ceilings of the halls are of the same 




precious metal; many of the apartments have small tables of 
pure gold considerably thick, and the windows also have gold- 
en ornaments. So vast, indeed, are the riches of the palace, 
that it is impossible to convey an idea of them. In this islaud, 
also, there are pearls, in large quantities, of a pink color, round 
in shape, and of great size, equal in value to white pearls, or 

even exceed- 
ing them." 

When, two 
huudred and 
fifty yeao af- 
ter this, Japan 
was first visit- 
ed by Euro- 
peans, gold 
was found in 
the greatest 
abundance 
and the Portu- 
guese traders 
brought away 
immense quan- 
tities of i t. 
Still the Jap- 
anese boasted 
a little too 
much to Mar- 
co Polo of the 
extraordinary 
richness of 
their sover- 
eign's palace, 
at least the 
Portugueseldid 
not find it, two 
hundred and 
fifty years af- 
terwards, to 
answer to his 
astonishing de- 
scription of it. 
The book of 

the great Venetian traveler excited much interest in Europe, 
and it finds readers even in our day. Its statements about the 
things he himself saw, or knew, are reliable. It was a favorite 
book with Christopher Columbus, who was, however, most 
interested in what it contained about Japan. After what Marco 
Polo had stated about the island (the natives were probably 



«fc 



A 



|4n 



122 



JTJYE^ILE INSTBUCTOB 




from Niphon, the main island of the Japanese group) he could 
not doubt that it existed, or that as it was east from China it 
was west from Europe, and that if he sailed iu a westerly 
direction, he must come to Japan or China, unless other laud 
was between them and Europe. 

When he urged his views before Ferdinand and Isabella, 
king and queen of Spain, the queen, especially, thought well of 
them and of his plans, and became his warm friend. It was 
decided, however, that some of the most learned men of the 
kingdom should be called together to consider the possibility of 
carrying out these plans, and to give their opinion as to 
whether they were likely to succeed. 

But, though they might be learned iu some things, they were 
very ignorant in matters of this kind. They said that ''the 
earth was certaiuly not round, but quite flat. Had they not 
always been told so ? and that even if it were round, and ships 
should sail far westward, it would be impossible for them to 
return." And next they said, "That from the supposed size 
of the earth, if these lands existed, it would take more than 
three years to reach them, aud all the crew would be starved. 
In fact they did not believe that he could have found out so 
much more than had been discovered by so many wise people 
who had lived before him ;" and they responded to the king 
and queen that "it was a vain scheme, and that it did not 
become great princes to engage in so impossible an enterprise." 
The sovereigns, however, thought that the so-called learned 
folks might be wroug, and Columbus right, and they told him 
that if he would wait until the war with the Moors was over, 
and they had more time, they would more fully cousider his 
plans. 

Columbus, however, lost all hope of getting aid from Spain, 
and started for France ; but before he had riddeu two leagues 
from Cordova, he was fetched back by mouuted messengers, 
aud assured that he need no longer have any doubt — all should 
be arranged to his satisfaction, aud ships got ready at once for 
his use. 

Wheu, after his many trials, he at length sighted laud in the 
New World, he thought it was Japan; but it proved to be only 
a small island, called by the natives Guanahani, and which he 
named San Salvador. When he afterwards first saw the island 
of Cuba, he thought that must be it, and finding his mistake 
he made diligent inquiry, at each place he subsequently visited, 
as to where Japan was. 

Now as Columbus was greatly encouraged to undertake his 
bold voyage by what Marco Polo had written about this latter 
country, and as America was discovered while Columbus was 
trying to God Japan, Americans should certainly take a gr.^at 
interest in the ''Land of the Rising Sun." 

Another reason why we should take a deep interest in this 
country is, that the Government and people thereof are more 
friendly toward us than toward any other nation and they are 
obtaining most of their instructors in various branches of 
kci u ledge from Americans. 



>-' ->^ 



[Fop tti»- .in r ntt TnstrueU)r> 
A. BOY'S VOYAGE IROTJUSTID 
TBZIE 'WOIR.T.jID. 
I ( 'ontinui it. 



\-P 



'-,- 
P& 



r P 1 1 1". fluke-chain being [passed ar< 11111I the whale's tail, is then 
J. brought to the forward part of the ship, and [passed through 
a ''hawse-hole," and fastened to the ''bowsprit bits." This 
brings the head of the whale pointing aft, the proper [position 
to commence ''cutting in." The decks are cleared for working 
large tackles are hoisted to the main lower masl head, 
stout hawsers are rove from the windlass through these blocks, 
ami through similar ones on deck. To the lower blocks are 
attached ponderous iron hooks, for the purpose of "hooking 



' on" to the blubber, suspended on plauks. called ''stages," over 
the ship's side. The first and second mates, armed with long 
cutting-in spades, begin the work by cutting a hole in the body 
for the insertion of a hook. This hole is made near one of the 
fins. A broad half circle is cut near the hole. The crew com- 
mence a wild sea-song, at the same time heaving at the wind- 
lass. The blubber envelopes the whale as the rind does an 
orange ; so it is stripped off, as we sometimes peel the fruit by 
spiralling it. The strain kept up by the windlass keeps the 
whale rolling over and over in the water, the mate severing the 
head during the roll. As the blood dripping mass reaches the 
mast head, the second tackle is hooked on, the blubber cut 
above it, and, now called a "blanket piece," swings clear and 
is lowered between decks. Here it is coiled aud packed iu what 
is called the "blubber room." The body finished, the carcass 
is sent adrift, food for the sharks. The head is hauled along 
side, the ''junk" separated and ''hove in" on deck. The case 
is bailed out with a bucket. From the case of a hundred bar- 
rel sperm whale, from fifteen to twenty barrels of liquid oil is 
obtained. After the case is bailed it is cut loose aud rapidly 
sinks. Forward of the centre of the ship's deck are the try works, 
some four feet high aud twelve square, constructed of bricks 
aud iron. They have two furnaces, over which are two large 
pots. The oil from the case is put into the pots, the fires light- 
ed and the ''trying out" commences. The first fires on a voy- 
age arc started with wood, afterward no wood is used, the 
"scraps," tried out blubber, furnishes all the fuel needed for 
firing. The bkuket pieces are cut into strips about twenty 
inches long, and as wide as the thickness of (he blubber, called 
"horse pieces." They arc pitched on deck and carried to the 
mincing machine, where they are cut iuto very thin slices, and 
are then ready for the pots. As the oil is extracted from the 
blubber the scraps are skimmed off, and the oil bailed out of the 
pots into a large copper cooler. From this cooler the casks are 
filled. The casks are allowed to remain on deck two or three 
days, when they are ''coopered," that is, the hoops are all 
driven tight to prevent leaking. The hatchways are optrud 
and the casks are stowed away in the hold. This done, the 
process of cleaning up commences. The ashes of the scraps 
make a powerful lye, which is used in removing the grease 
from the bulwarks aud decks of the ship. Everything is 
restored to order and tidiness. 

This whale yielded us forty barrels of oil. The fullawing 
Sunday whales were again raised, about ten in the morning, 
and the boats were soon in hot pursuit. Our mate again fas- 
tened to the first fish, but his first iron drew, leaving him fast 
with only his ''short whorp iron." Oar boat went to his 
assistance and was soon fast. The whale was a monster, and 
determined to fight for his life. Although our boat header 
lanced him several times, it seemed to have no effect. Once 
our boat was half filled with blood, water and the half digested 
contents of the whale's stomach. The fourth mate's boat 
attempted to fasten, but by some mismanagement he did not 
clear himself from the whale quick enough. The next moment 
tin' boat and con touts went spinning through the air, the boat 
knocked into a thousand slivers, from a blow of the whale's 
flukes. Luckily the waste boat was at hand to pick up the 
crew and shattered remnants of the boat. After a five hour's 
fight we killed our fish, aud soon had him secured along side 
the ship. Misfortunes never come singly, it seems, at sea as on 
land. Barely had we secured our fish alongside, preparatory 
to cutting in, when allhauds were called to take in sail. Away 
to the south and west the sky was black as night, the wind 
blew strong from that quarter, a ''pompero" was upon us. 
There was no mistaking it, wc were in for it, and to make it 
W use we had a dead whale alongside. The black clouds rolled 
down from the windward, enveloping us in a gloomy pall. 
Suddenly the whole heavens were illuminated with one broad 
glare of flame, followed by deep, hoarse thunder, that seemed 





OTTJ-VElsriLEI I1TSTBTJCTOR 



123 




to shake the earth's centre. The rain and hail poured down in 
torrents, and the old ship keeled over before the blast until her 
yard anus almost touched the water. Despite the fury of the 
gale the tackles were rove, aud all hands worked like beavers, 
cutting in the blubber. This was no easy task, the decks were 
so wet aud slippery with blood, grease and water. The vessel 
rolled and pitched, while the heavy sea kept beating the huge 
carcass against the ship's side, uutil every bolt and plank 
seemed started. The wind roared aud shrieked through the 
rigging with a, noise aud fury that drowned the voices of the 
officers, while the repeated lightning's vivid glare deprived us of 
sight. Alter several hours, strenuously working uuder these 
adverse circumstances, our captaiu ordered a tow line fastened 
to the whale, aud the fluke chain unhooked, that the carcass 
might float clear of the ship, as the safety of the vessel and 
crew were jeopardized from the repeated jerking and thumping 
of the vessel and whale together. The two had scarcely cleared 
each other, when the tow-liuc parted and our blubber floated 
off in the darkness. 

This gale lasted two days, after which we cruised three or 
four days hoping to find our dead whale, but the search was 
fruitless. In the meantime we ''tryde" out the blubber, (not 
quite half the whale) secured duriug the gale, makiug us sixty 
barrels of oil. Had we saved all of this whale we would have 
ruadc over one hundred aud thirty barrels, and the boys all felt 
rather dowu in the mouth at the loss. 

Sunday again, and our boats are down after whales. This 
time our boat was the first fast, but we were not to be l'ortunate 
in killing our fish. After working hard all day, endeavoring to 
kill him, he commenced sounding, running out all our line. The 
fourth mate fastened on his liue. Down, down, went the 
whale, until the fourth mate's line was all out. He held on 
uutil the water run over the "gun'le" of his boat. But it was 
no use. A drug was fastened on and cast adrift, aud away 
went Mr. Fish, with twenty-four huudred feet of line. It was 
sundown when we returned to the ship, and commenced 
taking in sail, as there was every indication of another pom- 
pero brewing to the windward. While furling the main sail 
we saw our whale going to the windward, like a race horse, 
with the harpoon sticking in his hump. During the four weeks 
we continued off the La Plata, it seemed to be a regular day's 
woik for us to lower boats, fasten to whales, get stove, or cut 
lines, get on board and take iu sail, the wind blowing in heavy 
squalls with violent showers of hail and rain. The captain, 
feeling dissatisfied with this kind of work, squared the yards 
aud bore away for Capo Horn aud the South Pacific, aud no 
one of the crew felt sorry. 

( To he continued.) 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

■<E lie mist cm oil (Bummon. fSIHaii;, 






W ^ iS T E 



GkCiO 



HVE^T ER1ALS. 
InTO. 3. 



IN large cities where the necessities of the poor compel thou) 
to take care of anything that will sill for a cent, a class of 
"'merchant.--" have sprung into being who buy anything that is 
worth anything. It would be more difficult to tell what is uot 
worth buying by these persous than what is; anything that is 
used by man as food or raiment; in the bouse or workshop — 
raw material, manufactured goods, or waste of any kind, with 
such persons will find a market. Dealers Or ''merchants," as 
they proudly style themselves, and many of thetu are mer- 
chants so far as wealth is concerned, in such refuse material, 



&P. 



are generally called "marine store dealers." Some of these 
stores, as may be supposed, have no very savory smell, although 
many are kept scrupulously clean, neat and even sweet. Rags 
are one source of wealth ; all kinds of fragments are bought 
just as they are brought to the scale. These are afterwards 
"sorted," "best whites" and ' : common whites," collars wrist- 
bauds, pieces of lace, auything that can be worked up by the 
poor is placed together, and many other useful things are 
bought by a special class of dealers. Colored rags form auothcr 
large class for the paper maker, who bleaches them by chemical 
meaus, as is done at our mill. Woolen rags in useful pieces 
form one class ; such as will do to tear to pieces to agaiu be wove 
into cloth, iorm a very large class; scarlet cloth is sold for 
making up into ornaments as pen wipers, etc., if large enough, 
if too small for that purpose, for taking out the valuable dye 
stuff they contain. Anything that cannot be used iu either of 
these classes, or iu some others of less importance, does for 
the "lands," by which expression is ueaut land-rags for fer- 
tilizing the soil. 

Uuder the name of ''kitchen-stuff" large purchases are 
made. The mysteries of kitchen stuff are considerable ; any- 
thing iu the shape of fat — skimmings of soups, gravy, 1'rag- 
meutary particles from the tables of the opulent, tainted meat, 
aud sometimes that which is not tainted, finds an abiding place 
iu the "grease pot." Mixed with these "sundries" are pieces 
of tallow caudles, and from wealthy houses, wax. Anything 
that will add weight and that will pass for "grease" finds its 
way to the "mariue store dealers." As to "dripping," that is, 
the fat that drips from roast joiuts, this has a higher destiny 
and fetches a higher price. This also frequently finds a market 
at the same place, but it is put into suitable and generally 
cleau vessels. This is sold for food, so as to realize a fair profit 
on the sales. From the mausions of noblemen three or four 
hundred pouuds at a time are fetched away early in the morning 
by the servants of wealthy ''marine store dealers," who pay a 
handsome "douceur" to the "upper servants" for the privi- 
lege. This kind of fat is fat, rich iu everything one could 
require for food. Joints, poultry and game are tumbled into 
the barrels by the dealer, who afterwards sells the joiuts to low 
eating houses in the miserable streets that Charles Dickens used 
to describe so vividly. 

As to the uses for ''kitchen stuff," it is bought by ''collec- 
tors," who sell it to the soap maker. It is then "rendered" so 
as to get together the fatty matter. The refuse of this is 
pressed so as to remove every particle of fat, and, iu large 
biocks is sold uuder the name of ''graves," to fatten poultry, 
hogs, to feed fox-hounds, etc. 

In metals uothing comes amiss to the "mariue store dealer." 
''Old iron" is lumped into the scale without an}' examination — 
until the person selling is gone — when anything uselul, and 
what is uot useful iu iron V is put in the window to be sold to 
persons requiring "second baud" articles, as such things are 
called. Brass candlesticks, if broken, are mended with parts 
cf ether similar candlesticks. Bells without clappers arc fitted 
with spare clappers kept in the proper place for such purposes. 
For the disorder of the marine store is very methodical iu its 
wav ; everything likely to be useful is kept in a compartment 
witli things of its class. It is generally believed that marine 
store dealers are not very particular in confining their purchases 
to articles in iron, brass, cupper, etc., but that even watches 
aud jewelry find a market in such places. We are getting some 
places in this city, that if they p.re not marine store dealers, 
with a very little alteration they would pass very well fur such 

places. Beth. 



We leap what we sow ; but nature has luve over and above 
that justice, and gives us shadow, and blossom and fruit that 
springs from no planting ol ours. 




R 



124= 



JUYE1TILE INSTRTJOTOB, 





CEORCE O. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, AUGUST 2, 1873. 

sxjJsriDA.3r school 0-A.Tii:- 

E"E^IJSTC3- -A-T LOGA"N". 
{Continued) 




'\ 



y. 



NOTHER thing, I wish to say to you, boys 
and girls— never do anything in secret 
that you -would be ashamed of your par- 
ents kcowing about. Never use language, 
say words or be guilty of actions you 
would be ashamed of your father or 
mother learning of. Always remem- 
ber this. If any of you, boys or girls, 
ever feel inclined to do anything which 
you would not like your father to know of 
or your mother to see, avoid it, shun it, and never 
keep the company of those who would do such 
acts, for associating with such boys and girls 
would have an evil influence upon you, and better 
quit their society than be guilty of things you 
would be ashamed to have known to your parents. 
There are a great many wrongs committed through 
boys and girls doing things in secret which they would 
be ashamed of their fathers or mothers knowing about. 
You can avoid errors of this kind, if you will heed 
the warnings -and instructions which are given to you. 
Think of what I have said to you, and of what your teachers 
Bay to you, and you will grow up to be virtuous. A hoy or girl 
bad better die than be unvirtuous. Boys, be pure in your 
thoughts and actions, and God will bless you and you will be 
happy ■ and when you grow up to be men you can go on mis- 
sions, and help to build up the kingdom. Girls, take the same 
course and like blessings and privileges arc yours. 

Children, in being born in this land, you are greatly blessed 
ol the IjO d. There are thousands of children in the large 
cities in the East who have not food enough to eat, nor decent 
clothing to wear, as you have ; who have not comfortable homes 
as you have who have not good parents to take care of them 
as you have, who can not go to school as you do. Wheu you 
lie down in your warn), comfortable beds in the Winter, or in 
your pleasant rooms in Summer, you ought to feel thankful in 
your hearts that God has given you these things. I have 
known boys and girls who would grumble and God fault with 
th ir food when they sat down to a table will spread with good 

wholesome I I. This is Bioful, and instead of indulging in or 

giving way to a spirit of that kind, every child thus favored 
should feel "How blessed I am in having loy wonts supplied, 
while there are thousands of children, just as good as I am, 

who hive not bread enough, who have neither milk, fruit • 

me it to eat, and who would be glad of the comforts I possess ! 
Who cannot dress as 1 dress, who have not kind parents to 
provide for their wants, and a comfortable home in which the 
cvidenci sol' love and kindness abound and are ever present." 
There arc countless numbers of children in the large cities of 
mtinentand Rurops and Asia who have not these bless- 
ings- and when you lo«k at yourselves and remember that 
you have, yon should be thankful in your hearts for them, and 
you Bhould feel that, if you bad the power, you would assist 
all who have not. This is the disposition which you should 

cultivate; in childh 1. then when you grow up your hearts 

will be filled with thanksgiving to God for his great goodness 
unto you. 




We are getting up in Salt Lake Valley, among the schools, a 
series of vocal concerts. We have had one in Salt Lake City- 
and if we can arrange matters we shall probably have, some 
time this summer, a Grand Vocal Jubilee. We should like to 
get eight or ten thousand children together in the new Taber- 
nacle and have them unite in a concert. l r ou should cultivate 
singing here in your classes. Every little boy and girl should 
try and learn to sing, and unite their voices with the elder 
brethren and sisters in exercises of the kind. Y r ou can h;»ve a 
very nice Jubilee here in Cache Valley. The settlements are 
close together, and their several schools can unite in some one 
place — Logan or somewhere else, and have a grand juvenile 
musical festival. This could be made a very pleasing and 
attractive affair, if the taste and ability you display be used in 
this direction. And not only the singing but you can have 
many other things of a pleasing and desirable character, for if 
you little folks take the right course, your teachers will be dis- 
posed to do all they can to bless and comfort you. 

May God bless you and your teachers ! May His Holy Spirit 
rest upon and enlighten you, and lead you continually in the 
paths of righteousness, is my prayer in the name of Jesus, 
Amen. 



The remarks of President Geo. A. Smith, delivered on the 
same occasion as the above, will be given to the readers of the 
Insteuctor in the next issue. 

1). W. Evans, Reporter. 



DOIST'T SIT ^ROTJISro 
W^ITIHSTO FOR. LUCK 



Ho! ye who listless and moping, 

Sit. dismally twirling your thiiml s, 
And gloomily wailing and watching 

For something that never thus comes-. 
You might just as will, foolish mortals, 

Expect you'll by lightning lie struck; 
One will happen as soon as the other! 

Don't stand around waiting for luck! 

There's a saying— a good and a true one — 

(Take courage, you poor one who delves 
With a stout heart so bravely) that "Heaven 

Will help those who first help themselves;'' 
And you'll find, if you wish for good fortune, 

A pretty good May is to tuck 
Up your shirt-sleeves and start out and find it! 

Don't sit around waiting for luck! 

Vou may pine and mope on forever — 

Find fault and deplore your hard fate — 
Hut you'll better remember the piovcrb 

And art on it ere it's too late; 
Vou may piHit and may grumble forever — 

Jin-t so long you will find you are stuck 
lu the mire of slolh'and abasement — 

Don't bit around waiting for luck! 

There is wealth to he had- go and seek it! 

And with it get honor and fame-. 
By the sweat of your brow you can gain them, 

And carve for yourself a proud name; 
But to do this takes lift and ambition, 

Persistency, hope and some pluck. 
A re you ready? — then lose not a moment! 

Don't tit around nailing for luck I 



Tin: braggart is seldom a truthful person. Better confine 
yourselves to the truth. Avoid boasting and let your actions 
speak for themselves, though (hey may not appear in so brilliant 
a light. 



' 





Mi 



JUTEHILE UsTSTRUCTOR, 



125 




-A^IISr TJ1TPLEASA1TT 
IFIELIEIDIO AJsK BUT. 



ONLY fancy yourselves in the position of the man in the 
picture! Can you think of anything more uncomfortable? 
The paw of a polar bear on one portion of your person and his 
muzzle touching another. In such a fix as this 3 one's chances 
of life would be very few indeed, for the polar bear is one of 
the largest, most powerful and savage beasts living. He is 
about as much feared by the inhabitants of the polar regions 
as the lion in Africa, or the tiger in India. Some cf 
the people of the Rocky Mountain regions know something 
about bears, for in those ranges several varieties of the animal 
are quite common, such as the brown, black and the terrible 
grizzly, and many a desperate fight has taken place between 
mountaineers and these beasts. 




White bear is larger and more dreaded than any of the bear 
family. Luckily he is found only in the polar or frozen regions, 
where the inhabitants are scarce. His food consists of seals 
and other animals which are native in those inhospitable parts 
of the world, though he would not object, if a good opportu- 
nity offered, to make a meal of a human being. The latter, of 
course, is very well known to the people living in those regions, 
and all of human kind'give him as wide a berth as possible, 
for in close quarters it would require several well-armed men to 
cope with a polar bear. 

The scene depicted in the engraving is not a fancied, but a 
real one, and the account of it is found in the work giving a 
history of his explorations published by the celebrated British 
Arctic navigator, Sir F. L McClintock. The event occurred 
at a place named Upcrnavik, the most northerly Danish settle- 
ment in Greenland. In those far northern regions the natives 
live chiefly by fishing, and trapping seals and other animals, 
and one day one of the settlers in going his round, found a seal 
a good deal entangled in one of his traps. Kneeling on the ice 
to liberate his prize from the meshes which bound him, the 
trapper received a smart blow on his back, but thinking it was 
from a companion who had come on the same errand as himself 
he paid no attention to it. On receiving another and heavier 
blow, ho turned to find the cause, when to his horror he saw 
one of those dreaded dmizens of the Arctic regions — a polar 
bear behind him, and it was the bear and not his companion 
who had given him the blows, as much as to tell him to get out 
of the way, for he, bruin, wanted the seal. 

The terror-stricken (jlreculander did not wait to receive any 
further intimation of the bear's wishes, but shifted his quarters 
as quickly as possible. As for the bear, he had evidently taken 



a notion to have a meal of seal in preference to man that time, 
and taking no further notice of the owner of the net, he quickly 
tore from its meshes the imprisoned seal and commenced his 
supper. The bear's method of making his repast the hunter 
did not wait to witness, but made tracks as quickly as possible, 
until there was a safe distance between them. 



H T S T O !R, Y O IF 1 

CHURCH. 
{Continued.) 



T H E 



THE Pioneer Camp was organized in a military capacity. 
Colonels Stephen Markham and A. P. Rockwood wcrj 
chosen captains of hundreds. Tarlton Lewis, James Case, 
Addison Everett, John Pack and Shadrach Roundy were elect- 
ed captains of fifties. Captains were also elected for every ten. 
After the pioueer camp was formed and had traveled to the 
Elkhorn river, about twenty miles distant Irom Wiuter Quar- 
ters, Elders Parley P. Pratt and John Taylor arrived at Wiu- 
ter Quarters from England. President Young and the Twelve, 
when they heard of the arrival of these brethren, returned to 
Winter Quarters and held council with them. The previous 
summer, in the month of July, while the camp of Israel was at 
Council Bluffs, Elders Orson Hyde, Parley P. Pratt and John 
Taylor had been selected to go to England on a mission. An 
elder by the name of Reuben Hedlock was then presiding over 
the British mission. Under his direction, what was knowu as 
a joint stock company had been organized. This company was 
for the purpose, so stated by Hedlock, of furnishing means 
with which to push forward the emigration of the poor Saints. 
The blessed results which were to attend this joint sto<-k com- 
pany were described in the most glowing language All the 
elders in the mission were required to preach up the interests 
of this association ; and those who had not the spirit of doing 
so were almost looked upon as not being strong iu the faith. 
The Saints were appealed to in the most stirriug language to 
contribute liberally of their means towards that company. 
Many of the people, having great confidence in the elders, col- 
lected all the means they could spare and invested as required. 
When the news of Hedlock's operations reached President 
Young and the Twelve, they were satisfied that affairs there 
were in a bad condition and needed investigation and correction. 
The spirit of revelation that was within them conviuced them 
that Hedlock and those operating with him as counselors were 
iu transgression. Elders Hyde, Pratt and Taylor were instruct- 
ed to proceed immediately to England ; and they reached there 
before Hedlock or Thomas Ward, who was the editor of the 
Millennial Star, and president of the joint stock company, 
or any of the other authorities there knew of their starting. 
They found the mission in a bad condition. Joint stockism 
was being urged upon the people by the president of the mis- 
sion and being preached instead of the gospel. The faithful 
elders who were laboring there mourned over the condition of 
affairs but they had not the authority to correct the evils which 
they deplored. The arrival of these three apostles was a great 
cause of rejoicing to them ; but to Hedlock it was a great sur- 
prise and cause of chagrin. An investigation into the affairs 
of the joint stock company broui lit to light the fact that Hed- 
lock had been using the means for his own personal ends; and 
that he and the others associated with him had misappropriated 
some portion of the funds which they had collected trom the 
people and with which they had promised to perform wonderful 
works of deliverance for them. It was soon learned also that 
Hedlock was in transgression in other directions; and shortly alU r 
the arrival of the apostles he left Liverpool and went to London 
— ran away, in fact; and at the last accounts we have of hiul, 
was still living there, being ashamed, probably, ever to return 







126 



JTJYE1TILE IUSTH/TJOTOE. 




to his own country or to see the wife and children whom he had 
deserted. 

The labors of the three apostles in Great Britain were attend- 
ed with happy effects. The affairs of the joint stock company 
were wound up. The money that was left which hud not been 
spent or squandered was returned to the persons who had paid 
it in, and strenuous exertions were made to restore the confi- 
dence of the people, which had well nigh beeu destroyed by 
the wickedness of those who had presided over them. Elders 
Pratt and Taylor continued to labor in Great Britain until the 
mouth of January, when th y, with other elders, took ship for 
New Orleans, thence proceeded up the Mississippi and Missou- 
ri rivers and reached Winter Quarters in time to meet the pio- 
ueers before they started. Elder Orson Hyde remained iu 
Great Britain until the 23rd of February, when he sailed for 
New York and thence traveled to Winter Quarters. He left 
the British mission iu charge of Elder Orson Spencer, who 
had been sent from Winter Quarters to preside in that laud. 

Brother Spencer had the opportunity which few uieu have 
enjoyed, of reading his own obituary, and learned from it how 
highly he was esteemed by his fellow laborers. A brother of 
his had died, and by some means the news reached Liverpool at 
the time that he was expected to arrive there that it was he 
who was dead. Of course there was great mourning over the 
news and all felt to regret the loss of so valuable a man. An 
obituary was written, and the pages of the Millennial Star 
were surrounded by a black border, in token of sorrow for his 
demise. He had the pleasure and satisfaction of being editor 
d' that same volume, to the great joy of all his acquaintances 
and the Saints of God iu that laud. 

( To be continued. > 



ANECDOTES OIF WILD 

ANIMALS, ETC. 
[Continued.) 



MIIIIS week we present you with a lion story from the writ- 
J. iugsof Paul I)u I'haillu, the famous African traveller. 
His name is now a household word among the youthful readers 
of America, and he has perhaps traveled more in aud among 
certain portions and tribes of the interior of Africa than any 
other man living. Africa has been his home for years, and its 
people and productions have furnished subjects for several 
interesting volumes written by him. His work entitled ''My 
Apinpi Kingdom," contains the following: 

''Having but little time to spare iu Senegal, I wanted to 
make tl:e most of it while there, and was waiting anxiously for 
a caravan that should leave for some part of the desert, iu 
order to go with it. 

"While Waiting for the opportunity, I Would sometimes 

amuse myself with the three young lions that were in the vil- 
lage, and had a good deal of fun with them. Each lion had a 
name, which 1 wish I could remember. All I can say is, thai 
they were real difficult names to pronounce, for the language of 
the people is hard and guttural. They were very lame, and as 
playful as young dogs; but, though young, they were much 
larger than any dog I ever saw. 

"I would go aud play with them every morning, and some- 
times duting the day, bull always liked to go after they bad 
had their meals. They knew exactly the time these were 
con ing, and, for almost an hour before, they were too busy 
thinking about their breakfast or dinner to be playful. 1 n u-t 
say I did not like to venture near them when they were in 
such a mood ; for, though very tame, and though they bad 
never bitten anybody, yet they might have tried it on me for 
the first time. Their jaw^ were quite powerful, and I had 
strong doubts whether I should have come safely out of them 
had they once fastened on me. 



''They wete also armed with somewhat powerful claws, 
which certainly could have torn my flesh with the greatest 
case. I have no doubt that, as soon as they saw the blood 
flow, their natural iustinct would have come back, aud they 
would have pounced upon me. The sight of warm blood from 
the body would have awakened all their dormant feeling, if 
hungry. Even without goiug so far as to fear that I might 
become a prey to their young ferocity, I knew that, judging by 
the pain a cat can inflict with her sharp claws, that the more 
powerful lions might prove to be very unpleasant playmates. 
At any rate, although the natives had assured me that their 
claws had been cut aud that there was no danger, I had no de- 
sire to have them tried on me. 

''I noticed that whenever a goat came in sight their eyes 
would glare, and their tails would wag angrily, and it was very 
evident that the goats would stand a poor chance if these young 
beasts of prey had their own way. 

"At their meals I would sometimes seat myself among them, 
caress them, and scratch them. This they seemed to enjoy 
amazingly, and would look at me with their peculiar eyes, 
which have nothing uirkiud or treacherous iu them when they 
are not hungry or angry. Their look contrasted strangely with 
that of the treacherous tiger or leopard. 

"I wanted to know how these lions had been captured. I 
wanted to hear the story of my three '"friends," how they had 
beeu deprived of their freedom, and how they had lost their 
papa and mamma. I knew that they could not have beeu 
taken away easily, unless the "old folks" were out of the way 
on some excursion to get food for themselves and their young. 
At last my curiosity was satisfied, and their story was told me 
by the side of the young lious themselves. If they could have 
understood the speech, they would have known how they were 
made prisoners. They certainly could not recollect file inci- 
dents which led to their captivity, as they were too young at 
that time. 

"The man who told me the story was an old man wi^h a very 
white beard. Before he began, several people came aud seated 
themselves on the ground by our side. The old mau then 
began as follows : 

" 'A party of Moors were returning with their herds from 
the pastures, which the heat had dried up. They were going 
to the southern part of the desert, where water was not so 
scarce, and where the grass was still fresh and sweet. The 
heads of the party were riding on camels. At length they came 
to an oasis, chiefly composed of dates and paluitrees. On 
reaching it they found evidences that lion's were accustomed to 
go there, aud, as there was a spring there, they concluded the 
beasts had come to driuk. 

" 'That day, with their large herd of cattle', they encamped 
by that oasis. Their beasts could satisfy their thirst at the 
spring, and eat of the grass iu the surrounding country that 
was not quite parched up. 

"'At night the roar of lions that were lurking round told 
them that they must keep a strict watch over their cattle and 
borses. kites were lighted with branches from the stunted 
trees, aud throughout the night the people shouted, and now 
and then fired guns, to frighten the lions away; but, despite 
all their care, one cow was carried off by the king of the desert. 

" 'The next day the party of herdsmen moved again iu a 
more southern direction ; but four of the most daring Mjors 
resolved to rem;, in behind and see if they could not kill the 
lions, lesl they might follow their track and destroy EOUie of 
their cattle. These Moors belonged to the Trazas tribe, and 
among them was a young man who was very ambitious to be 
carolled among their great warriors. As he Had neither slain a 
lion nor an enemy in battle, he could not be so called, according 
to tie' custom of the tribe. 

" \-'o the berd moved on, and the' rest of the people with 

t'.em ; but our four Trazas remained behind, and all that day 



lU> 



^ 



-ft} 



Dan? 



■tsilBiib 



JTJTBFILB INSTBIJCTOR. 



were busy lookiug for traces of the lions. They were armed, 
like all the Trazas, with double-barreled flint guus, pistols, and 
huge knives. After searching many hours in vaiu, they came 
to a thicket of trees, which they entered cautiously, mistrusting 
that lions might be hidden there. Suddeuly they saw three 
young cubs playing together, though no old lions were to be 
seen. No doubt the old folks had gone to visit the carcass of 
the cow they had killed the day before, for the purpose of 
bringing food home to their youngsters. 

" 'Lookiug carefully to their guns, in order to be ready for 
anything that might happen, two of them descended from their 
camels, seized the young lions, and remounted with their game, 
handiug the third cub to one of their companions. They then 
left with the utmost speed their camels could make, for their 
only safety was to be out of the reach of the lions' pursuit 
when they should come back and find their young taken away. 
Their rage would be terrific, and woe to the men who had dared 
to take their young. Of course they had guns, and wruld try 
to kill the lions if attacked, but it would be dangerous business. 
So on they went, now and then looking behind to see if the lions 
were after them. Never did their camels go so fast before. 

" 'They had beeu gone about two hours, and began to think 
themselves safe, when, to their horror, looking back on reaching 
an open country, they saw the lion and lioness iu hot pursuit. 
They urged their camels on as fast as they could, but gradually 
the lions gained upon them, until their roars of rage could be 
distinctly heard. Nearer and nearer the pursuers came, till at 
last the Moors saw it was of no use to attempt to escape by 
running away, and that they must prepare for a fight if they 
wanted to get clear with their lives. Iu the meantime, two of 
the young cubs had been securely tied in a kind of basket or 
bag. 

" 'They agreed that, as soon as the lions should come near 
enough, they would throw off one of the young cubs to distract 
the attention of the lioness. At the same time one of them 
would fire at the lion, and, if he was not killed by the shot, 
another would fire at him again. As they were all good marks- 
men, they were very hopeful to be be able to kill them. 

" 'The lions came roaring and bounding on, and oue of the 
young ones was thrown down to the lioness, who immediately 
stopped to caress it, while her mate continued the chase. As 
he sprang forward in the air, one of the young Moors fired at 
him. The bullet took effect, and the huge beast, giving a tre- 
mendous roar of pain, rolled over iu the sand, the blood pouriug 
from his wound in a torrent. Another bullet went into bis 
massive forehead, and, giving utterance to a most appalling 
and terrific roar, he rolled over and died. The lioness was 
then dispatched by two or three well-aimed shots, and the cub 
was recaptured without difficulty. 

"'In this way,' added the old man, in conclusion, 'these 
young lions were taken, and afterward sold to us by the Trazas 
people. We have brought them up in our village, and intend 
to sell them after a while.' " 

(To be continued.) 



QUESTIOITS J^NJD .A-ZLST- 
SWERS OUST TIHIIE] BOOK 

oif :M:o.R,:M:o:isr. 




127 



CATECHISM FOB SUNDAY SCHOOLS. 
(Continued.) 



lesson xxxi. 
Q. — What followed, after the raid upon the Nephites? 
A. — Zeniff armed his people and went forth and fought the Laman- 
Itcs. 

Q. — What was the result of the. battle? 
A. — The Nepliiles were victorious. 



Q. — How many Lamaniles were slain? 

A. — Three thousand and forty three. 

Q. — How many Nepliiles? 

A. — Two hundred and seventy-nine. 

Q. — Were the hodies of the Nephitcs better protected against 
wounds than the Lamaniles? 

A.— Yes, they prepared themselves skillfully for war. 

Q- — How are we told that the Lamanites appeared? 

A. — They had their heads shaved, aud their dress was a girdle of 
skin about their loins. 

Q.— How long a period of peace followed this battle? 

A — Twenty-two years. 

Q — What occurred then? 

A.— The Lamanites made war upon the Nephitcs, 

Q — With what results? 

A. — The Lamanites were again driven out of the land. 

Q. — Who succeeded Zen iff as King over these Nephites? 

A. — Noah, one of his sons. 

Q. — How is Noah described? 

A. — As a very wicked man. 

Q. — What amount of (axes did he levy upon the people? 

A. — A tax of one-fi it li of all they possessed. 

Q. — How did hecxpend llii^-'r 

A. — Upon himself and bis priests, their wives ami thcirco.icubnies. 

Q. — Were these priests good men? 

A .--No, they wire proud, wicked men whom he himself had chosen. 

Q.— Of what were Noah and they guilty? 

A. — Of idolatry and whoredoms. 

LESsON xxxu. 

Q. — Were the workmen of King Noati skillful? 

A. — Yes, they did fine work in wood, copper, brass aud gold. 

Q. — What did he build for himself? 

A. — A spacious palace. 

Q. — How was his throne ornamented? 

A. — With gold and silver and precious things. 

Q. — How did he ornament the seats for the priests? 

A. — With pure gold. 

Q. — What other roted building did he erect? 

A. — A tover which o' crlooked the entire land. 

Q. — What is said about his vineyards? 

A — That he planted tnem through the land and made fline in 
great abrndaneo. 

Q. — What was the effect? 

A.— He and ids people became wine-bibbers. 

Q —Did the Lamanites attack king Noah and his people? 

A.— Yes, they fell upon small parties and killed them and drove ofl' 
their stock. 

Q — What did king Noah do? 

A — He sent his armies against tlieni. 

CJ. — What followed? 

A. — The Nephites were victorious. 

Q.— Were they thankful lo God for these victories? 

A. No: they boasted in their own strength, and that fifty of their 

men could stand aiainst a thousand of the Lamanites. 

Q. — Why did they indulge in this feeling? 

A.— Because they had become corrupted by the king and his priest. • 

Q— Were they all in this condition? 

A.— No; God raised up a prophet among them. 

Q. — What was his name':' 

A. — Abinadi. 

Q.— What did he fay? 

A._He declared to the people that unless they repented, the 
Lord would visit them in anger. 

Q._Did they receive his words? 

A. —No; they tried to kill him. 

q. — Did they succeed in taking him? 

A t No; he escaped from them. 



BOTS may learn the principles of honor and honesty when 
very young"; and parents should take pains to teach the same. 
The boy who develops an inclination to cheat his fellows or lie 
to bis parents, should be looked alter and checked before the 
habit grows on him, or :lie chances are thai be will make a 
dishonest, unstable man. 



rP 





1SB 



J IT "V" E ZST I !_■ IE IlTSTE/TJOTOii, 



cF 



I 



QXJESTIOITS ^ZLSTID .A-HST- 

SWEK.S OJST THE 

BIBLE. 



CAT ECU [SM 



FOR SUNDAY 
{Continued.) 



SO IIOOLS. 




Subject— IIistouy of Joseph. 

LESSOR XXXI. 

Q. — When Joseph lifted up his eyes, whom did lie behold ? 
A. — His brother Benjamin, his mother's son. 
Q- — What did Joseph say to him ? 
A. — "God tie gracious unto thee, my sou." 
<4- — What was Joseph obliged to do? 
A. — To go to h,s chamber, that he might weep, 
y. — After Joseph had washed his face and refrained from weeping, 
what did he say r 
A. — "Set ou bread." 
Q.— How was the bread set on the table? 

A. — To Joseph by himself, then before his brethren by themselves, 
and for the Egyptians by themselves 
Q. — Why was this distinction made? 

A. — Because the Egyptians might not eat bread with the Hebrews, 
as it was an abomination unto theai. 
Q. — How were they arranged to sit at the table? 
A — The firstborn according to his birthright, and the youngest 
according to his youth. 
Q. — Did they take any notice of this ? 
A. — Yes, they marveled one to auolhci. 

W- — How much larger did Joseph make Benjamin's mess than the 
rest of his brethren? 
A. — V.ve times larger. 

y.— vVheredid Joseph command the steward of his house to put 
lua silver drinking cup? 
A. — In the sack's mouth of the youngest. 

( i — What time of the day did the brethren of Joseph start on 
their return homeward? 
A.— As soon as the morning was light. 
(J.— When they were gone, what did Joseph do? 
A.— He told his steward to follow after them, 
tj.— What was the steward to say to them? 
A. — "Wherefore have ye rewarded evil for gool?" 
(i.— What reply did the brethren of Joseph make to his steward 
concerning the cup? 

A.— "With whomsoever of thy servants it be found both let him 
die, and we also will be my lord's bondmen." 
Q. — Where was the cup found? 
A. — In Benj mini's sack. 

Q. — When they had returned to Joseph's house, who was the 
spokesman? 
A. — Judah. 

Q.— After Judah had narrated the family history, what did Joseph 
do? 

A.— He wept aloud and made himself knowu to his brethren. 
Q. — Were any strangers present during this time? 
A. — No, Joseph caused every man ti go out. 

y.— W hat effect did Joseph's making himself known have upon his 
brethren? 
A.— They were troubled at his presence. 

LESSON XXXII. 

0.— Did Joseph cast any blame on his brethren for selling him? 
A.— No, he acknowledged the hand of God in it. 
Q.— What did Joseph tell his brethren to do? 
A.— To hasten to their father and tell him of all they had seen. 
Q.— Did Joseph want any of his family to dwell in Egypt? 
A.— Yes, his father and all his household. 

Q.— What was the name of the laud that Joseph said they should 
dwell in? 
A. — The land of Goshen. 

Q.— How did Joseph treat his brother Benjamin? 
A. — He fell upon his neck and wept. 
Q.— How did he treat his other brethren! 
A.— He kissed them all and wept upon them. 
Q. — How did they then act? 
A.— After tint they talked with him. 



Q. — When Pharaoh and his servants heard of Joseph's brethren, 
how did they feel? 

A. — They were pleased. 

Q. — What did Pharaoh command Joseph to do? 

A. — To take wagons out of Egypt to bring his father and all his 
house, who should eat of the fat of the land. 

Q. — What did Joseph give his brethren? 

A. — Provisions and changes of raiment. 

Q. — How many pieces of silver did he give Benjamin? 

A. — Three hundred. 

Q. — How many changes of raiment did he give him? 

A.— Five. 

Q. — How many asses laden with the good things of Egypt did he 
send to his father? 

A.- Ten. 

Q — How many laden with corn and bread an 1 meat for his father 
by the way? 

A.— Ten. 

Q. — What advice did Joseph give Ms brethren before they started? 

A. — "See that ye fall not out by the way." 

Q. — When they arrived in Canaan, what did they tell Jacob? 

A. — "Joseph is yet alive, and he is governor over all the land of 
Egypt." 

Q. — What effect did this have on Jacob? 

A. — niB heart fainted, for he believed them not. 

Q.— How did he feel, when his sons told him all the words of Jos- 
e| h, and t.e s«.w the wagons? 
A. — .-is s; »rit revived. 
U. — What did Israel then say? 

A. — "It Is enough: Joseph my son is yet alive; I will go and «"e 
him before I die." 



§*tec1U& j$a$fitg. 



Little fresh violets born in the wildwood, 

Sweetly illustrating Innocent childhood! 
Shy as an antelope, brown as a berry, 
Free as the mountain air, romping and merry! 

Blue eyes and hazel eyes peep from the hedges, 

Shaded by sun-bouuetB frayed at the edges! 
Up in the apple trees, heedless of danger, 
Manhood in embryo 6tares at the stranger. 

Out in the hilly patch, seeking for berries; 
Under the orchard tree, feasting on cherries; 

Trampling the clover Mooiub down 'mong the grasses; 

No voice to hinder them, dear lads and lasses. 

Dear little innocents, horn In the wildwood; 

that all little ones had such a childhood! 
God's blue spread over them, God'6 green beneath them, 
No Bweeter heritage could we bequeath theml 



The quarrelsoius boy is not necessarily a brave one, on the 
same principle that the barking dog seldom bites. 



JUVB1TILE UsTSTRTJCTOR- 

Is pub'ished in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

itinyle Copy, per Annum $2 00. 

13JT Grain brought to this city for the. Juvenile Instructor wi 
be received at the ollieo of paper— Desehet News Buildinos. 




