


m^^ 




h .m 



# 4 




"BUT WITH ALL TIIY GETTIXCi 
GET UNDER.STAXDIXG/' 






THERE LS KO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, MAY I, 11)07. 



NO. 0. 



IDT^-VIID JLlSriD (3- O L I-A.T HI. 



GOLIATH could scarcely believe his eyes, when he f=aw a 
youth come out from the midst of the Israelites to meet 
him without a spear, a sword or any other weapon of death, hut 
simply with a staff, a slins and a few small poliblos. "Am I a 
dop," he roared out to David in a rage, 'that thou comest to 
me with staves;" "come and 
I will give thy flesh to the 
fowls of the air, and to the 
beasts of the field." David 
was by no means frightened 
by this speech; but returned 
an answer which is well worth 
remembering for the faith and 
confidence he there shows he 
had in the God of his nation. 
'Thou eomost to me," were 
his words to Goliath, ''with a 
.sword, and with a spear, and 
with a .shield; but I come to 
thee in the name of the Lord 
of Hosts, the God of the 
armies of Israel whom thou 
hast defied. Tliis day will 
the Ijorl deliver thee into 
mine hand; and I will sniito 
thee, and take thine head 
from thee; and I will give the 
carca.sscs of the ho.st of the 
Philistines tliis day unto the 
fowls of the air, and to the 
wild lx;ast^ of the earth: that 
all the earth ni.iy know there 
is a God in Lsraol. And all 
this o.s.scmbly shall know that 
the Lml Nivcth not with 
Bword and siiear: for the bat- 
tle in the Jyird's, and he will 
give you into our hand.f. " 

Tlii.-* talk waji soon over, and each champion prepared for the 
fight. What a differeneo between them. The one a ruddy 
faced, hnndfiomc youth, clad in a hhepherd'H drOHX, without llic 
first thing to Hhow the dreadful cumbut lie wax alMiut to cnirage 
in; yet un'lnuntod, joyful and full of fiiith ami h<.|H-. I low 
many prayen* muxt have awondcd to heaven from tln' hosl« of 
Ifrael for bin mieoesH during tlione few momenlN of i>uh|mmi«'. 
ll.iw many hcartx mnut have beat at a ijuicker nite as, Imlf in 
dread, half in pride, they noticiul their champion ailvanee 
towardn liiit giant foo. Un the other oidc a grim warrior Htrung 



in his own strength, full of confidence in himself, and filled with 
rage and scorn towards the mad folly of the boy, who, he im- 
agined, was simply advancing to a certain death. With his 
spear, his sword and his shield, his helmet of brass, his breast- 
plate to cover his body, his greaves to protect his legs, he 

imagined there was nothing 
his enemy could do, to hurt 
him in the lea.st. But he 
W.1S sadly mistaken, as we 
shall .soon see, as men and 
nations are who trust in 
their own strength to oppose 
the work of God. 

After finishing his speech 
David ran to meet Goliath, 
who also drew near to him. 
AVhcn near enoujjh David 
put hLs hands into the bag 
that was by his side, took 
out one of the pebbles, 
placed it in his sling and 
sent it fljnng towanls the 
giant. His ann w.i,s strong 
and his aim was true. The 
plant tottered and fell on his 
face, for the stone had en- 
tered deeji into hi-i f indiead 
and killed him. Then David 
.sprang forwanl. and dniwinp 
the giant's swoni from il.s 
sheath, he cut his head from 
off his IkhIv. 

Then were the Phili.-tines 
filled wiih fear, and they fled. 
The Israelites follnwed swift- 
ly after them to the very 
g.ites of their larprst cities, 
killing many thousjwxls in 
the flipht. Thus vim I.sracl once more at ponoo and her soil fno 
from the foot of an enemy. 

David ri'tunicxi with the head of tho hugo Goliath to tho 
camp, takini; it with him to .leni.salem, which he visiii-d in the 
tmin of kinp Saul. .\s llii- king with his folluwerH iiommhI 
throupli the cities of Israel, the wonun came forth to meet 
them with music and dancing, sinpinp in i<tmins of joy thi'ir 
If in deliphi at tlie war Uing ende<l, joining in the pniiw of .'^aul ; 
anci David; givinp to the youlli gn'ater praiMv« than to tin- kinp; 
auMWuriuK back to one another from Mdo to sido, tluil t>aul hud 




b^-tsf 



e^cii 



I -a 



68 



Cr TJ "^T E isr I !_■ E IISrSTI^TJCTOI?.. 




GEOKGIi; Q. C^VNIVON, 



EDITOR. 



MAY 1, 18G7. 



j^ T El L E! a- le j^ 1= 11 



iFE.onvn 



"0! 



MA; what do you tbiuk my paper says? Why it says 
there's a telegraph from heaven! What a funny idea. 
But it is'nt ti-ue, is it?" 

"Well, my dear, let us see what is said about it, and then 
we shall be better able to judge. 

Most of you, my dear little friends, have seen the telegraph 
wire, as it stretches from pole to polo and reaches from one town 
to another. There are several of those wires, and they go 
to almost every settlement in the tenitory, — north, south, east 
and west. The ends of all these wires meet in Pre siden 
Young's office in Salt Lake City, and when he wishes to talk 
with any one, or send a message to Logan or St. George, he can 
do so in a few seconds. The words go along the wire, and a 
man at the other end receives and wi'ites them down, and sends 
them to the person they are meant for. Suppose your papa 
or mamma were a long way from you and were to send you a 
message by telegraph, — though you could neither see nor hear 
them, nor yet see their writing, still, would you not be very 
happy to hear from them? 

Now there really is a telegraph from heaven to earth, though 
a much better one than that which we use at present in our 
territory. One end dwells in the bosom of our great and kind 
Father in the heavens, and the other reaches to the heart 
of every little boy and girl, and man and woman that will allow 
it to find place in them. Our friends on earth can only send 
their icoixls to us over the wires; but our Father in heaven can 
not only send his words, but his feelings also, so that all who 
receive His heavenly telegraph into their hearts feel as he feels, 
love what he loves, and partake of the glorious peace and 
happiness that he constantly enjoys. It also reproves them 
when they do wrong, and when they do right it tells them that 
their Heavenly Father is pleased with them. Besides this, it 
makes little boys and girls bright and intelligent, it helps them 
to leam and understand theu' lessons, teaches them how to 
escape danger and heli>s them out of trouble, and makes them 
look so good and liaiipy that everybody loves them. Indeed, I 
could not tell you all the wonderful things this heavenly tele- 
graph does. "Well," you all say. "tell us what this telegraph 
is, and how we may have it in us." I will try to do so, — it is 
the spirit of the Lord, and Jesus says that all who ask for it 
sincerely and in a projier way .-•hull have it, and that it will show 
them the things of God and heaven. All you have to do is to 
open youi' little hearts to it and it wiU come in and live with 
you and make you .so happy. "But," say some of the little 
ones, "we cannot understand how the Spirit of the Lord can 
do all this." Neither can you understand how President Young 
can send his words over the wires on the poles, but you believe 
he does, don't you? And so, if you try, you will find that the 
Holy Sjiirit dim do all I have said and a great deal more too. 
Now then, how many will open an office in their hearts for 
tills heavenly telegraph? I think 1 hear a great many "I's" 

S. 




B@= Wi; have a few sets of ^'olume One of the Ix.strcc'TOR 
on hand, which those wishing to purchase can have bj' applying 
at this office. 



FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 




1. What was the name of the cave in which David took 
reluge wlien he fled from Gath? 

2. What sinful king went to a witeli to otitain linowledge, the 
Lord refusing to answer him by dreams, by Urim, or by 
prophets? 

3. What was the name of a certain king's daughter w-ho des- 
Ijised lier husband in her heart, himself also a king, because he 
leaped and danced before the Lord? 

4. What family strictly obeyed the command of their ances- 
tor not to drink w-ine, or to build houses, or plant or own vine- 
yards; but to dwell in tents? 

5. A certain king's son desired to see a famous general, and 
sent for him twice; but he would not come. To bring him he 
told his servants to set the general's held of barley on fire. 
AVhat was the name of the king's son? 

6. What king's seven sons were hung to stop a famine? 

7. What was the name of that soldier who delivered King 
David from the hand of a giant? 

8. Aaron had an uncle whose sons buried the bodies of their 
two cousins whom the Lord struck dead; what was the uncle's 
name? 

— ■ ' S'^^Q '- z r — = 

FOR OUR JUVENILES. 



51. When did the Lord give the revelation concerning the 
war between the Northern and Southern States? 

52. What time did tlie war, in fultiliuent of that revelation, 
commence? 

53. To what Editor did the Prophet Joseph write, predicting 
that which should come to jjass in this nation? And when did 
he so write? 

54. In the beginning of what year did Joseph organize tlie 
School of the Projihets in Kirtland? 

55. What troviljled the S]iirit of Joseph, in those days? 

56. AVhat was done by tlie enemies of the truth in April, 1833? 

57. What was the result? and what hapjiened on the nights of 
the otli and Otli of Novcnil:)er of the same year? 

59. Where did the saiuLs mostly settle, when driven from 
Jackson county? 

00. "Wlien did Joseph take a mission to Canada and the East- 
ern States? 



C3- O O ID 



For tlie Juvenile Instructor. 

n^vdi ^A^ isr i<r E i^ s . 



ONE of the best traits of character belonging to children is 
good manners. Children may be healtliy and virtuous, 
yet, if they lack this essential part, they are deficient of a noble 
qualil.y. 

Children are often sent to boiTOW things for thcir'parents and 
friends. If they ask for them in a proper manner they are 
very likely to obtain them. "Will you please to lend father 
your ax, "(we say ax as this is something often lent) and then 
when it is taken home, "father is much obliged for the use of 
it." This is much better than "father wants your ax," or when 
it is taken home "here is your ax." If children do wrong to 
any person they should apologise to the person injured. It is 
easy to say "please excuse me" or somethuig of that kind for 
little ofl'ences; the injured person feels reconciled, and the one 
who does the injury, feels hapjiy. Good manners cost nothing, 
but are more valuable than gold. 

Some ]ieople are jiolite to the rich and noble, yet are insolent 
to the poor and humble. Such conduct manifests a very mean, 
cowardly spirit. Kind words always cause feelings of jjl^asure 
to the downcast and stinmlate them to do their duty. Even 
animals are sensitive to kindness; they love all who treat them 
well, and shun those who are cruel to them. 

Parents while instructing their children in all useful things, 
should not forget to teach them good manners. WiL 



0" TJ "V" E :^ I L E in^STI^TJOTOI?.. 




For the Juvenile Instructor, 

lyc I s s I o 3sr. 



THE last number left us at JMr. Jereu's, on Osage river. We 
arose in tlie morning, after a good night's rest. I was 
somewhat lame, from wading in the swamp the night before. 
We had a good breakfast. Mr. J ereu sent an Indian to see us 
across the river, and informed us that it was sixtj* miles to the 
nearest settlement of either white or led man. 

"We were too bashful to ask for anyt'iing to take with us to 
eat; so we crossed the river, and started on our day's jomliey of 
sixty miles without a morsel of food of any kind. What for? 
To preach the gospel of Jesus Christ to save this generation. 
Tliink of this, children; think of what the Presidency, the 
Apostles, and the elders of this church have i^assed through to 
give you the homes and comforts you now enjoy. Think of 
this, ye statesman and judges of this American nation; ye who 
are now seeking to destroy God's people in the wilderness, who 
have gone hungry and naked and have labored for thirty-seven 
years to save this nation and generation. Cease your exertions 
to destroy this people, or God will bring you to judgment and 
destroy your nation, and cfist you into outer darkness where 
there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth, for the Lord God 
has spoken it. I must pause, I almost forgot I was talking to 
children. I will return to my narrative. 

We started about sunrise and crossed a thirty mile praiiie, 
aiiparently as level as a house floor, without a shrub or water. 
We anived at timber about two o'clock in the afternoon. As 
we api^roached the timber a large black bear came out toward 
us; we were not afraid of him, for we were on the Lord's busi- 
ness, and had not mocked God's prophet as did the forty-two 
wicked children who said to Elisha "Go up thou bald head," 
for which they were toni by bears. Read the storj-, children. 

When the boar got within eight rods of us he sat on his 
haunches and looked at us a moment, and then ran away; and 
we went on our way rejoicing. We had to travel in the night, 
which was cloudy and veiy dark, so we had gi'eat difEculty to 
keeji the road. Soon a large drove of wolves gathered around, 
and followed us. They came verj' close, and at times it seemed 
as though they would eat us up. We had materials for striking 
a fire, and at ten o'clock, not knowing where we were, and the 
wolves becoming so bold, we thought it wisdom to make one; 
so we stopped and made a large fire of oak limbs that lay on 
the ground, and as our fire began to burn the wolves left us. 

As we were aljout to lie down on the ground,' — for we had no 
blankot.s — we heard a dog bark. My companion said it was a 
wolf, I said it was a dog; but soon wc heard a cow bell. Then 
we took each a firebrand and went about a quarter of a mile, 
and found the house which was sixty miles from where we 
stai'tcd that morning: it was an old log cabin about twelve feet 
square; with no door, but an old blanket hung up in the door 
way. There was no furniture, but one bedstead, on which lay 
a woman and several diildren and several small dogs all lay 
sleejiing, on the bed. The man lay on the bare floor with his 
feet to the fire jilace, and all were asleep. I went in and simke 
to the man, but did not wake liim. I stci)ijed to him, and laid 
my hand on hi.s shoulder. 1'he moment he felt the weight of 
my liand he jumjied to liis feet, and ran around the room as 
though he wa.s frightened; but he was quieted wlien we inform- 
ed hiui we were friends. The cau.se of hi.s fright was, lie had 
shot a pantlier a few nights before and he thought its mate hud 
jumped upon liim. 

lie asked us what we wanted; we told him we wished to stop 
with liini all night, and would like sonicthliig to cat. He 
infonned us we might lie on the floor as he di<l, hut that he had 
not a mouthful for uh to eat, as lie had to dejiend on his gun to 



get breakfast for his family in the morning. So we lay on the 
bare floor, and slept through a long, rainy night, which was 
pretty hard after walking sixty miles without anything to eat; 
that was the hardest day's work of my life. This man's name 
was Williams. He was in the mob in Jackson county; and 
after the saints were driven out, he, with many others, went 
south. 

AVe got up in the morning and walked in the rain twelve 
miles to the house of a man named Bemon, who was also one 
of the mob from Jackson county. They were about sitting 
down to breakfast as we eame in. In those days it was the 
custom of the Missourians to ask you to eat even if they 
intended to cut your throat as soon as you got through; so he 
asked us to take breakfast, and we were veiy glad of the 
invitation. He knew we wei'e "Mormons;" and as soon as we 
began to eat he began to swear about the "Jlormons." He 
had a large platter of bacon and eggs, and plenty of bread on 
the table, and his swearing did not hinder our eating, for the 
harder he swore, the harder we ate, untU we got our stomachs 
fidl; then we arose from the table, took our hats, thanked him 
for our breakfast, and the last we heard of him he was still 
swearing. 

I trust the Lord will reward him for our breakfast. 

W. w. 



T HI E 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 




WHAT a curious looking 
bird is the one in our 
illustration? It is called an 
Owl. See how grave look- 
ing it is. "As sage-looking 
as an Owl" has become a 
proverb; not that it is so 
much wiser than other birds; 
but when it is seen in the 
da.v time its eyes are usuallj' 
about half ^hut, and it sits 
in a quiet, wise-looking way 
that gives it a ]iecidiar ap- 
pearance of gravity. It gets 
its food mostly after the sun sets, for it feeds on little animals 
and insects which run about at night, and its eyes are fomied so 
that it can see better in the dusk than by the full light of day. 
Thus the wisdom and care of the gi-eat Creator are seen in all 
His work.9. 

There are various kinds of the Owl, though they arc 
generally divided into three groujis, — the Typical Owls; the 
Horned Owls; and the Hawk (.)\vl8. These nearly all jiresent 
the .same peculiar characteristics. But there are some species 
that are able to fly, and can see distinctly, by day. 

The ]?arn or Screech Owl is an inhabitant of the temperate 
and warmer rcgicmsof Kuroiie. It is, perhaps, the best known 
of all the Owl family. It lives on rats, mice, moles and large 
insects; and the numbers of those which it destroys is some- 
thing wonderful. 

We remember getting one of the common or Ram Owls 
when a boy. Its wing had been broken in some way, and it was 
unable to fly. It was very fierce looking, and had a curious 
cat-like face, with little leathers sticking up as if they wore 
cars, which conveyed the impression thai it was not a bird, but 
a (■(•athercd animal. It did not live lung, for it was not a young 
OIK', and wciuM not eat in cimfini'mcnt; and so IVimi lark of 
fiiod and its broken wing, it soon diid. I'lvcry animated thing 
loves liberty, and whoD dci)rivcd of it will pine fur it. So 



'.■3tt^ 



^-^- 



^n^M 



i^' 70 



CTTJVEn^ILE IITSTI?.TJOTOl^. 



.^q 



--Cd 



^' r 

(?5 



would jou, children, if you were torn from your parents and 
shut up iu prison, as biids often are in cages. 

The great Horned Owl is large, being little smaller than 
the Golden Eagle. It is found in the mountainous parts of 
central Europe, and in almost every quarter of the eastern 
States. 

The Great Snow Owl is also large, and very beautiful because 
of its snowy whiteness. It is found iu northern latitudes of 
both the eastern and western hemispheres. 

Because of the habits, character and appearance of the Owl, 
it has been looked upon in some coiuitries in past ages with 
feelings of superstition and awe. Poets and painters have 
sought to increase the effect of gloomy sketches or scenes, 
by iutroduciug an Owl as a oliject calculated to highten the 
horror of the picture. But it is a very useful bird in its sphere, 
giving no cause for such feelings, and doing the farmer good 
senice by killing and eating small animals which are often 
destructive to grain. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



®uoS ot ffiormott §Sc!cTi($» 






^' 



JE.sr; 



SECOND VISIT TO THE NEPHITES. 



AFTER Jesus had left the Nephites and a.scended into 
heaven, the multitude dispersed, every man taking his 
wife and children and returning home. The news immediately 
spread through the country that Jesus, who had been so 
long prophesied about, had apiiearcd and ministered unto a 
great many of tlie peojile, and that he would come again, in the 
.same place, on the morrow. This wonderful news, as we cau 
ea.--ily believe, created great excitement among the jieople. and 
va^t numbers of them continued to gather from the surround- 
ing countiy, many coming from a great distance and traveling 
all night, that they might be at the ajipoiiited place in time to 
see and hear Jesus. You can easily imagine how eager we 
should be to meet the Savior if we knew he was coining to pay 
a visit to our earth, and how hard we should travel, if 
necessary, to be in time to see him. 

The twelve Ajiostles whom Jesus had chosen now divided the 
people into twelve separate bodies and caiL-^ed them all to kneel 
down on the earlli and pray to the Father in the name of 
Je.-us. After they liad prayed, Nei.hi baiitized the twelve 
wliom Jesus had chosen, and wlien thi^y came out of the water, 
the Holy Gho.st, or Spirit of the Lord fell ui)on them, and they 
ai>peared a.s tliough they were eiKlrcled by fire, and angels 
came down from heaven and ministered uuto them. Jesus, 
also, again came ami stood in their midst, and commanded the 
mukituJe to kneel down and I'ray, and he him>ell' went off 
a little way, alone and prayed also to his Father for them, lie 
thus continued to pray witli and for theni fyr some little time, 
in the ino.^t wonderful and beautiful manner, until their hearts 
were filled with love to God and Joniis and each other, and 
their W)uls were filled with a peace and happiness that no 
one can conceive unless they have experienced it. Jesus then 
administered the .■■acramcnt to them again, distribuliiig bread 
and wine as before, although no one had brought him either 
bread or wine; and the multitude were .so ha|)])y and so filled 
with the Spirit of the Lord that ihcy cried out, as if with one 
voice, and gave gl^ry to Je.'^us, whom tlii'y both .'aw and heard. 
Je-us tlicn reliearncd and explained many portions of the 
scriptures to them, healed ihek aick, made their lame to walk, 



»^^^- 



their blind to see and deaf to hear, raised one person from the 
dead, aud had continued with them, teaching and minister- 
ing unto them three days, he blessed them and again ascended 
into heaven. After this he condescended to visit the Nephites 
several times. On the occasion of his last visit to the twelve 
Apostles he asked them if there was anything they wished him 
to do for thoiu after he had gone to heaven. All but three 
asked that they might have the promise of going to heaven to 
be with Jesus, when the.v had finished their miuistiy upon the 
earth. This the Savior readily promised them; saying that 
they should live to be seventy-two years old and then they 
should come to him and find rest. But the other three desired 
something greater aud more wonderful. They wished to live 
for ever and never die. Now they were afraid to a.sk for so 
wonderful a blessing, but Jesus knew their thoughts, aud told 
them they should have what they desired — that they never 
should taste death. Jesus then touched the nine apostles with 
his finger, and departed out of their sight. Aud the thiee who 
had to live for ever were caught up into heaven and saw and 
heard unspeakable things, and underwent such a change and 
received such power that nothing could harm them any more, — 
jirisons could not hold them, wild beasts would not harm them, 
fire could not burn them and men had no power to kill them, 
These three Nephites still live upon the earth and have power to 
minister and show themselves unto any one they choose. They 
have manifested themselves to many good people and will do so 
to many more in the future. These three, together with the 
other nine apostles and a great many more good men, labored 
diligently in preaching the gospel to all the people, north and 
south, east and west, until they were all converted to God, loved 
Jesus, put away all their wicked practices and bad habits, and 
lived iu peace and love together, every man dealing justly 
with his neighbor and doing to others as he would like them to 
do to him. The people were now better and happier and 
continued so for a longer time than ever before since Lehi left 
Jerusalem. How very pleasant it must have been to live 
among such a people. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

C ^ InT HD Y . 



THIS is a .sweet word to write about. All children like candy, 
and "men" (and women too) "are but children of a larger 
growth," and so we all must like it. I confess I do like some 
candies, but I do not like the paint which is jmt into some 
of them, to plea.'-e the fancy of children, at the expense of 
health and even life. Two children died a few years since in the 
state of Connecticut, from the effects of catitig highly colored 
candy. I have seen children reduced to a very lecble state of 
health, by indulging in this luxury. Children, when you 
see that beautiful candy with blight red colors, bi' careful — do 
not cat much of it — it is poison. That piaint although it 
is sweetened .so that it tastes good, is made of a dye stuff that 
is called cochineal. The little children must a.sk some one 
to tell them how to pronounce this name, for it is a hard one. 

Cochineal is nothing else than little in.sects or bugs: it takes 
the name from the tree, or rather the tall bu.shes on which they 
gniw, in a warm (•limal<' in the south. I'eojile gather them and 
kill and dry them; an<l these, when ti.-^cd as a dye-stuff, make 
a variety of beaulil'ul shades of color, from the richest scailct, 
to a light vermeil or pcaeh-bloom, when combined with other 
inL-redients. 

These little bugs when dried, are brown on the out.side, and a 
veiy dark red inside, and are of the size and shai)e of bui'k- 
wheat sceil. 

K cochineal .should be long exposed to the air, by being done 



■^^ti 



i?'^' 



0"u^e:dtile insrsTi^TjcToi^. 



71 



-^ 



up in paper or anything that will admit the air, it gmdually 
turns brown or gray from the outside to the centre, and becomes 
useless. 

Children, only think! when you are eating those beautifully 
colored candies, you are swallowing the juice of dried hups. 
I wi.--h you to think of tliis. and be careful not to take anything 
into your stomachs that will destroy your health. Tho.'^c 
candies that are not colored, arc not [xiison; and will not hurt 



you unless they are indulged in too freely. 



E. K. S. 



5Bioijra^Tij|. 



f:r.of:e3::e:t . 



THE 




"PORTS of every kind were circulated by 
the mob about the .•iaiiit.s, in order to get 
1r1i> from the surrounding counties. \Vhcn 
the generals of militia called out by the 
(iiivernor vi.-itcd the mob encampment, 
they were told that those lawless bands had 
collected together solely for self-defence! 
The peojile of Daviess county were in 
danger from the "Mormon.s," and they had 
come to help defend them! By such lies 
did they .«eek to impose upon the pcoiile, and 
strive to obtain pretexts to justify themselves for 
'J-.« ''"^■''" lawle.<s, wicked conduct. General I'arkes, 
«,iJi (jvV-^ in writing to the Governor from Daviess county, 
f^c ^ga y -^ .sjiid. among other things, in relation to the saint.x: 
LO'Tfe "Whatever may have been the disposition of the 
])eoiile called "Mormons" before our arrival here, 
^^y since we have made our appearance they have .-^hown 
^PPr no di"position to resist the laws, or of hostile inten- 
tion.'!. There ha.s Ijcen so much pn-judice and e.vaggcratiun 
concerned in this matter that I found things entirely diiliTcnt 
from what I was prepared to expect. When we arrived here 
we fyund a large txMly of men from the counties adjoining, 
anncd and in the field, for the pnr)'osea.s I leunied, nf a.ssistiiig 
the people of tliis county against the 'Mormons,' without 
being called out by the jiroper authorities. 

P. S. — Since writing the above I received infomiation that if 
the comiaittcc do not agree, the dctemiination of the Uaviess 
ojunty men is to drive the 'MonnoiLs' with powiler and leail. " 
General .\tchison als<i wrote Governor Hoggs under date of 
Roptenitier ".JT, Ix'-ix, to the fullowing effect: "Things are not so 
bad in that conntj' [Ihivii-wJ a.s niiresentcd by nnnor, iind in 
fact, from affidavit.-* 1 have im doubt your Kxcellency has Imi n 
deceived by the exaggerated statemmts of ilr-ignlng or lialf 
cmzy men. I have found iIuti' is nociiti»4- of alarm on account 
of tiie .MomiotiK; they are not to bo feared; they are yery much 
klanuod." 

Pnadful stories had h<>cn told of the saintji. They wen- an 
•wful |io<iplc, accopling lii tho aciMuntMof tiieir I'lK^niiuH. Gi.-n- 
eral AlcliJMin saw that they w<-n; |M-«rifiil, and that tiny had 
no disiMwition to injure any jK-num. lusti-iul of the niob having 
any cauM; for f<-ar, thi- very opposiif wax lli«^ enne. If lln^y 
had tny alarm at nil, it was Imniium- «li<-y had told lies no ofon 
and mt luiiK ali<iut the danger they wi-n; in from llie Miinlx, that 
llii'y had |)er»uud<'d lhini'< Uen that tin ir lici. wcr>' Iniiv Hut 
the naiiils had n-al eaiiw to Ik- nlarmid. Tlii y knew thai ihiy 
were few iii nuiuUsni and uluiost dufuticelewi, while their uue- 



mies were numerous and well armed, and moreover, were with- 
out pity. 

We lately heard an amusing instance told of the fear which 
the Misvsouriaus had in tho.<e days about the sjiinti). At the 
time of the difficulties in .Missouri, the person who related the 
incident w;is a young man, and was aide-de-camp to General 
Doniphan. The latter officer had occasion to vL>it Far West, 
and took his aide with him. They put up at the |irophot's 
house; and, when they had retired lor the night, were shown into 
a room which contained two beds. They went to bed— the 
general in one bed and his aide in the other. But afler tho 
light was put out, all the horrible stories which the aide had 
heard about the "Monnons" flashed across his mind, and 
he became so terrified that he was glad to get out of his own 
bed and cree]) into the geuend's! Officers are generally very 
desirous to be thought brave; but in this ea.sc the feai-s of the 
officer prevailed over his militarj- pride. He laughs at his con- 
duct now, for hi' hasjcarned to know the .-^aint-s better. 

The mob left Davie.-s county and went over to Carroll county 
and gathered around l>e Witt, a town settled by the saints. 
Here they commenced their cowardly attacks again, firing upon 
the saint.s and committing other acts of violence. In self-de- 
fence the saints were compelled to retmii the fire. A general 
by the name of Samuel D. Lucas hap]>ened to be pa.ssing down 
the Mi.ssouri river, and took occa.^ion to write to Governor 
Boggs under date of October 4tli, respecting affairs there. Ho 
said the ■"Mormons" were under anus there hourly expecting 
an attack from the citizens of Carroll county, who, he said, 
were then encamped only si.\ miles fioiii there waiting tor help. 
Ho had .•iince hearil, he .slid, that there had been a fight, and 
that several jiersons were killed. If a fight has taken place, 
continued he, it will create excitement in the whole of I'pper 
Missouri, and those Imixi; ihi/rndul beiin/s will be exterminated 
from the face of the earth! He ended by .saying that histrooj)s, 
which had been dismi.s.sed subject to farther orders, could ho 
called into the field at an hour's warning. Acconling to this 
man's views the saints were such (xini; dri/nuM Uinys, that 
they ought to be killed off, which is the meaning of the word 
exterminated, becau.se they would defend them.selves. It was 
all right and propir fir Missourlans to rob and plunder and 
kill — ])robalily he thought they were gcutlemen; and ought to 
be permitted to steal from and murder such ^^Uise, dtj/raiUd 
Imi'iii/s" as the saints were. 

A committee, who had been .sent from Chariton county to 
iiu|uire into the cau.ses of difficulty in Carroll county, did not 
view matters as Lucas did. After they returned home they 
made affidavit that they were told by (he mob (hat ihey wero 
waging a war to kill off the saints or to drive them from tho 
county; but that llic saints were in the act of defence, begging 
for peace, and wi>liiiig the civil authorities to repair there an 
early as possible to settle the difficulties. 



A BRAITII'I'L I.N('llii:NT.-Tho f.-llowing lK>autifuI 
story is Worthy to U- laid up in the memory of every one. 

\ jMtor Arab traveling in the desert met with a spring of 
clear, sweet, sparkling water. Thed os he wim only to bniekish 
wi'lls, such watt'r as this apiH'and to his simple mind Worthy of 
a inonan-h; and filling his Icallieni bottle froni the spring, 
hi' ili'terniinrd to go and prrM-nt it to Un' caliph liiniM'lf 

The piMir man Iravelrd a long way U'fure hi' n'nchi'd tho 
pn'M'iiii' of his Hovrrign and laid hi^ liuml'lr offering at hiii 
fi'i'l. Thi' caliph did not di "piiM' the liille gift. broUKht to him 
with so milrli trouble, lie onliTid some of the water to be 
pouroil inlii a lup, dnuik il, anil ihunking the Arab with a 
aiuile, ordered him to be pnM'ud'd with a ri'Wnrd. The 



% 



SS5>^ 



•<e-^c 





J-TJ^En^IXjE IITSTie.TJCTOI^ 



courtiers around pressed forward, eager to taste of the wonder- 
ful water; but, to the surprise of all, the caliph forbade them 
to touch a single drop. 

After the poor Arab had quitted the royal presence with a 
light and joj-ful heart, the caliph turned to his courtiers and 
thus explained his conduct: "During the travels of the Arab," 
said he, "the water in his leathern bottle became impure 
and distasteful. But it was an offering of love, and as such I 
have received it with pleasm'e. But I well knew that had I 
suffered another to partake of it, he would not have concealed 
his disgust; and therefore I forbade j'ou to touch the draught, 
lest the heart of the poor man shoidd have been wounded." 

The act of this caliph was worthy of a Christian gentleman. 
Read the stoiy over again, think about it, and try to remember 
it when some one, more simple-minded than you are, exposes his 
ignorance while trj-ing to do you a service. If you laugh and 
make sport as the courtiers woidd have done, j'ou show youi'self 
to be neither a gentleman nor a Christian. The tnily great are 
kind to the humblest. It is the mean man who treats the 
lowly with contempt. — Selecled. 









"W E B E E. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

^^ 3L IL E Y. 



1 71 A n s u' or to "Our Dixie. 



BY LIZZIE CRONET, 



I'm glad to think your "Dixie"' 
Is so very pleasant there; 
Ou winter days I often wish 
I could your pleasures share. 

Our sky is dark and dreary, 
The snow deep on the ground; 
Our Ijirds are gone to "Dixie" 
Till spring-time comes around. 

But, still, in Weber Valley, 
There are some pleasures too; 
In summer time the Wheat and Oats 
In gi-eat aljuudance glow; 

Though th' days are warm and sultrj-, 
The nights are cool and sweet, 
We can enjoy our slumbers 
And rest our weary feet. 

Spring-time, I pray you hasten, 
Put on your mantle green, 
That we may raise our voices 
In thankfulness to ilim, 

Who gives us every l.Uessing, — 
Yes, more than we deserve; 
May we, from all that's righteous 
And noljle, never swerve! 



Always speak gently and reverently of your mother; always 
act toward her kindly and tenderly; and in after years, your 
memory of her whose love and care were the blessing of your 
infancy and childhood, will be veiy sweet. 

To learn to work, and to work cheerfully, is one of the first 
best lessoas of life. 




€opr(^0jpott&$tti!e. 




Smithfield, Cache County, April 20, 1867. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Sir: — On Sunday, 27th ult., I with the rest of my brethren in 
this place, had an invitation to attend a Sunday School Exhilji- 
tion at 2 p. m., which — being interested in the welfare of such 
institutions — I attended. 1 was well paid for so doing. The 
Sunday School numbers about forty and is conducted by bro. 
Francis Sharp. The recitations spoke well in favor of both 
teacher and children, and also for the Juvexile Instructor, 
that Pearl of Great Price U> the children of Ziou. Sir, you may 
have an idea of the benefits of your paper, but if you were to 
see our children, and their anxiety to obtain it, it would be a 
great feast to you, and to all who associate with children. 

Our worthy bishop and others take a great interest in the 
prosperity of our schools, visiting and instructing teachers and 
scholars. Pi-ayiug for the welfare of all schools in Zion, and for 
the prosperity of the Juvenile Instructor, 

I remain yours in the faith, C. W. 



Sixty seconds make a minute. 

Sixty times the clock ticks in it. 

Sixty minutes make an hoitr, 

To stay its flight we have no power. 

TSventy-four hours, one day and night; 

Some hours of darkness, some of light. 

Seven days there are in every iceek: 

To keep the seventh day holy seek. 

In everj' month the weeks are four. 

And some have two or three days more. 

And twelve months make up the whole year; 

Spend weU each one God grants you here. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

c h: j^ I?. 7^ r) E . 



BY MORRIS WILKINSON. 



I am composed of 20 letters. 
My IS, 5, 15, 3, is a mineral. 
My 11, 4, 1.3, 5, 9, 20, 10, 8, 6, is a woman's name. 
My 19, 15, 17, 16, 2, 4, is a drink. 
My 17, 12, 1, is a foreign fruit. 
My 14, 2, 13, 20, 5, 6, 7, is an officer. 
My whole is a well known estabUshment in Great Salt Lake 
City. 

fi@" The answer to the Charade in No. 7, is BLACK 
LEAD PENCIL:— J. E. CalUster, G. S. Lincoln, D. Bilhngs, 
A. N. Bilhngs, jun. , and D. W. Patten, sent us coiTect answers. 

Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
OX THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &, PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum 83 00 

BiDgle Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

eS'Il is expected where agents fonvard names they will be responsible 
for the papers thus ordered; and when Cash jiayments are made, they 
vile please forward them with the letter containing the 7tames of t/ie 
suljsciutiers. 

Jits' Elder TVm. U. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent for 
Cache Vallcij. 

«a- Grain brought to this City fnr the JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR vMlba 
received al the office of our paper— Deseb.et News Buildings. 




