
VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CETY, OCTOBER 16, 1875. 



NO. 21. 



THIS SE.A.-IF'OE.GTJI^insrE. 



li 




NKAlu.r evorj- boy and jjirl has seon a porcupine — that crea- 
ture which, when disturbed, rolls itself up in a ball and 
rre.HHits to its assailant nothing but long, hard and sharp Quills, 
which very few animals have any inclination to tackle. This 
is the defense which nature has given it, and a very admirable 

one it is. , 

There is 
scarcely a 
creature that 
cannot defend 
itself in ■ ome 
way. The dog 
uses its teeth, 
the oat her 
o'aws.the bull 
its horns, the 
horse its legs, 
and the por- 
cupine i t .s 
quills. Men 
arc not con- 
faint with the 
means of de- 
fense nature 
has given to 
them in their 
hands, arms 
and legs; but 
they manu- 
facture weap- 
ons to help 
them take 
care of them 
selves and to 
attack their 
foes; such as 
bows and ar- 
row.s, guns, 

swords, spears, axes, and a host of other things which are u.sod 
in war and in the chase of wild animals. 
Here are two verj' simple little verses about our engraving: 

See here a fish I with such a face I 
A long no30 sticking out; 

An open mouth, just likea clown 
Or foolish country lout. 






Thny call it a sci-porcupine. 

To eat it no one likes. 
I should not care to dine upon 

This queer ball stuck with spike.s. 

We need not tell you why the name of sea-iwwcupino has 

been given to 
this fish. 
Look at the 
picture, and 
every one of 
you will be 
able to give 
the reason in 
a moment. 
We find there 
are a great 
many animal.s 
in the ocean 
that corres- 
pond either m 
appearance or 
habits with 
our domestic 
and other ani- 
mals that live 
upontheland, 
»nd bociiuse 
of these 
rasemblanccs, 
many sea ani- 
mals have 
names given 
them to oor- 
respfjnd with 
those of the 
land animals 
which they re- 
semble; hence 

I we have the sea-porcupine, sea-hedgehog, sea-lion, sea-horse, 
j sea-cow, etc. Of course these are local names for these 
I animals, and they are not generally known by them. They 
also havj .scientific names by which they are also known, many 
of which are not quite so easily remembered or pronounced, 
but which arc none the less necessary, as it is only by these 
scientific names that they can be known by .scientific men 






S4S 



cr TJ AT E nsri L E! iitsti^tjctoi^. 



?l\ 



all parts of the world. It is quite a mistake to suppose that 
these scientific names are sjiven tor the purpose of concealing 
any general iutbrmation relating to them from the public; the 
object is in reality to facilitate the accjuisition of knowledge in 
relation to them in the various departments of science. Sci- 
entific words are in reality the tools of thought used by men 
to describe the residts of their investiaations. 



THE oj^:ptxji?vE of j^ 



BV .JCUIN ilOWAIUl. 



"T)KI,(iAI> tl 

i\ deck, a 



Ki.riAl) the L'un ! 



(Condude:!. ) 

was the ne.xt order from the i|uartev- 
and accordingly the gun was reloaded. 

''Are you ready, forward?" 

"All ready, sir," was again repeated. 

"Give that gun a little more elevation!" shouted the officer; 
and it was accordingly elevated. 

"Fire!" again .sang out the cajitain. 

Bang went the gun, and away flew the shot between her fore 
and fore-top-mast stays, without doing any damage to her 
rigging. 

The brig had disregarded all of the gentle hints that are 
used by the ships of all nations, which fuliy convinced us that 
she was contraband; and accordingly we determined to make 
her a prize. 

8ueh being the case, Smith was instructed to fire at her 
rigging, and so cripple her. At this order, he came forward 
to lay the gun for action, which required a little mananiveriug 
to bring it into position. The gun's crew again loaded her 
with a '"humming bird;" and now let us take a look at the 
gunner laying the gun: 

Smith, bending forward, with his eye along the tangent 
sight watching the brig's foremast, holding the trigger line in 
his right hand, with the gun's crew standing in position, 
orders: "To the hand spike, men! A little *"i the right — now 
to the left — down — a little to the lel't — sell — hat will do. 
Elevate — gently, boys, gently — so." 

"Keep her steady!" orders thec»ptainto the quartermaster. 

"Steady it is, sir." 

"All ready, Mr. Smith?" 

'"All really, sir," answered Smith. 

"Then fire." 

Away flew the shot, and all eyes were stra'ued to see the 
efiects. There was a sound as if the shot had struck some- 
thing hard, and so it proved. 

''Hurrah!" shouted a chorus of voices, "that shot has hit 
her fiirema-t. Tt has cut away her shrouds,"' san? out the 
sailors. "And see." said some one, "it has blistered some of 
her running gear;" for at that instant her fore-top-gallant- 
studding-sail tack unrovo itself and caused the sail to fluttor 
considerably. 

The captain of the slaver was standing by the main shrouds 
watching the eflFect of our .shot, ami when he aw his rigging 
carried away by the last discharge, he he'd on with his left 
hand and shook his fist at us in a rnenacing manner, but iravo 
no signs of sni-i-endering. He was indeed true '/rit. lie had 
everything to win by putting a bold lace um the iuattcr. but if 
he was captured he lost all. 

A- we drew alirea-t nt' tb^ liri^' lhc> mil, r was given to luad 
the .-.tarijoard w.-iist gun to fire at h.;i i]i.i.iiLua.-_,t. (jrcat euro 
waj talccii lU .s..^a.ai,' tlu ^aii. 



"Can you bring down that flag?" asked the captain. 

''I will try, sir," replied the gunner. 

To do this without injuring her mast required a great deal of 
skill. It is a very difficult matter to hit a given mark when 
both the object to be hit and the man who is to execute the 
order are in motion, rolling and pitching in a rough sea; and 
yet sailors become very expert at gunnery at sea. 

When the gun was loaded and sighted all was expectancy to 
see a friendly flag brought down by one of our shots. It was 
quite legal, however, as the brig was a contraband, and sailing 
under the American flag as a subterfuge to protect her from 
capture. To comply strictly with the law it is the duty of the 
captors to turn over ihe prize crew to the nation under whose 
emblem she is taken. 

-VU being ready the order to Are was given. Every eye was 
s(r.iined to see the efF-ct t'le .shot produced. It was one of 
the prettiest and neatest shots I have ever witnessed, for it took 
the peak halyards and down came the gaff, and with it the 
ensign. The man wh'> was steering the brig left the helm 
and away he ran. thinking perhaps, it was getting too hot for 
him. .\notlier, most likely more interested, ran aft, unbent 
the ensign and made it fast to the main boom topping lift, while 
another or the same one who had dropped the helm, took hold 
of it to keep her on her course. 

Unr last shot had completely demoralized the crew of the 
brig. She came luffing into the wind hand over fist right 
across our bows. Looking to a.sc3rtain the cause, it was evident 
that some of the crew forwai"d had let go the fore topsail 
halyards, for the fore topsail was being lowered. 

Our boats, being all in readiness, were called away under the 
charee of the first and second lieutenants to board the brig. 
Their crews went tumbling over the ship's side with alacrity. 
The officers, getting their orders, followed. 'Shove off," and 
"'down oars" were orders that followed in quick succession. 
Away flew the boats propelled by the stout anus of their crews. 
All hands were watching to see the result. When alongside the 
brig she was Iwarded by the officers, (the crew keeping in the 
boats, except in the case of re.sistance.) who walked aft and 
in erviewed the captain; which resulted in the order being given 
for some of the boats' crews to come on board and take possess- 
ion. This being done, the ensign of Engl nd was hoisted over 
tl a of America, which plainly told i s sh was a lawful prize. 
On ascertaining this fact, three rousing cheers were given to 
signalize the event. 

The crew of the slaver after collecting up their clothes, were 
tran ferrel to us, be'n^ searched to see that they dil not con- 
ceal anything of value about them either in money or papers. 
This being clone, they were distributed among the messes of 
the crew on the lower deck. 

Sails were set and trimmed on board the prize, and on setting 
the main try.sail the effects of our last shot could be plainly 
.seen. It was riddled as if an army of rats had been gnawing 
at it. 

We lay by each other during the night, and in the morning 
a prize crew was told off to navigate the brig, with orders to 
head for Sierra Leone on the west coast of Africa, to be con- 
demned by a mi.-ied comiiii.ssion who attend to such matters. 

We victualled her for forty-two days, for the prize crew had 
no right t(i tuuch any of the provisions found on board. She 
contained five hundred and fifty-four slaves, male and female, 
old and young, who were crowded below on her deck, iiackeil 
in each other's laps, like so many herrings in a box, while the 
stench was suH'ocating. Ami these poor creatures, if we had 
iMit iiverhauKtd tlic lirig. woujil have been taken to Key West 
j.ii ..liippcd Ilj L':.tLa iu.- ii.j S;'au;sh u.a:l:.t. 



■^ 





Cr TJ ^ E n^ I L E] IlSrSTie.TJCTOI^ 



S43 




The prize proceeded on her way to her destin;\tion, when, 
after a trial by the couDui^^sion, she was comlemned. Her 
slaves were cared for by the government t II they could be 
disposed of, some entering the colored regiments, stationed 
at Sierra Leone and the British possessions in the West Indies. 

The Fahon continued her pa-sago to the Island of Ascen- 
sion, but on account of head winds made slow progress. We 
were seven days longer in making the island than we expected 
to be. 

On the Sunday following the capture I had served out the 
last ration of meat to the crew. In the gray of the morning a 
large ship was discovered away down to leeward. We could 
only see her royals from the masthead, steering for the island. 
She was too far off to signal. About noon we put about on the 
other tack, and it is evident she did the same, for before night 
she was coming down upon us on the oppo.sitc tack. She 
proved to be H. M. S. Emerald, ot fifty guns, and when our 
signal, "Out of provisions!" was hoisted, all was commotion 
on board of her. 

As soon as we got aboard of each ottier, each ship was hove 
to, and the Emerald had her jiinnace over the .-ide. Tierces of 
beef and pork and other provisions were lowered into her and 
sent to our ship. Had it not been for this God-send we would 
have fared veiy poorly for the next five days before we reached 
the island, where there is a depot of supplies kept for the 
British men-of-war. 

Alter coaling and provisioning ship, wo started for Sierra 
Leone. Arriving there, our prize crew were taken on board, 
while the crew of the slaver slipped over o>ir bows into boats 
that had put out from shore, and thus made good their 
escape; and, although this is not the pioper way to deal with 
them, the authorities thought they had been suffiently piun- 
ished in Lj.-ing all their effects. 

The crew of the Flighl^ of Boston, or, as she was discovered 
to be, the Fairy .^ of New York, had but recently e.scaped cap- 
ture by the V . S. flaghip Constfllatiun, when she seized the 
Floreiux Niglitingale, which lay in Congo river, with some 
eight hundred slaves on board, the particulars of which I may 
give to my juvenile friends hereafter. 



JVIsTECIDOTE OIF IDEIA.3^ 
SAATIIPT. 




SwilT, tarrying at a tavern while on a journey, desired his 
servant John, who was fully as eccentric as his master, 
to bring him his boots. John brought the boots, discolored 
and grimed, just as they had been taken of the night before. 

"Look ye, man, why have you not cleaned and polished my 
boots?" cried the dean. 

"What's the use of cleaning and polishing such things?" 
replied John, doggedly. "They'd soon be dirty again." 

"Very true," said the dean; and without further demur he 
1 ulled on the boots, very soon after which he went down to 
the landlady, and told 1 er on no account to give his servant 
any breakfast, and then ordered the hor.ses to be ^addled and 
brought out. 

"IMercv!" cried John, when he found his master ready for 
setting forth, "I haven't had my breakfast yet !" ' 

"Oh," replied the facetious divine, "I can't see the u;e of 
your breakfasting: you would soon be hungry again." 

John, finding his sophistry thus turned 1 ack upon himself 
suomittcd to the loss of his breakfast as stoically as his master 
had submitted to the dirty boots. 

They mounted and rode on, the dean in advance, reading 

s prayer-book, and the man behind at a respoctiul distance. 



By and by they were met by a gentleman, who, after eyeing 
the dean very closel}-, accosted the servant with: 

"Hark ye, man, — you and your master seem to be an uncom- 
monly sober pair ; may I ask who j'ou are, and where you are 



gomg 



"We are as near saints as we can be," replied John, with 
melancholy soberness, "and are going to heaven, I hope. 
My master's praying and I'm doing the fasting." 



£'. oosroi^oxjs sj^i<riD. 



Aoentle:m.\n' of Honolulu sent some strange sand, taken 
from a bank on Kauai, one of the Sandwich Islands, to the 
Academy of Sciences in San Francisco. In his letter he thus 
describes its iieculiarity : "The bank which is composed of this 
sand commences at a perpendicular bluff at the southwest end 
of the island, and extends one and a half miles almost due 
south, parallel with the beach, which is about lOOyards distant 
from the base of the sand bank. This sand drift is about sixty 
feet high, and at the extreme south end the angle preserves it 
as steep as the nature of the sand will permit. The bank is 
constantly extending to the south. It is said by the natives 
that at the bluff and along the middle of the bank the sand is 
not sonorous. But at the extreme south end and for half a mile 
north if you .^la)! two handfuis touether there is a .sound pro- 
duced like the low hooting of an owl — more or less sharps 
according as the motion is quick or slow. Sit down upon the 
sand and give one baud a quick circular motion, and the .sound 
is like the bass of a melodeon. Kneel upon the steej) incline, 
extend the twn hands and clasp as much sand as po.ssible, slide 
rapidly down, carrying all the sand you can, the sound accumu- 
lates as you descend until like distant thunder. In this expe- 
riment the sound was suSiclent to frighten our hor.ses, fastened a 
short distance from the base of the drift. But the greatestsound 
we produced was by having one native lie upon his belly, and 
another take him by his feet and drag him rapidly down 
the incline, carrying as much saud as possible with them. 
With this experiment the sound was terrific, and could have 
been heard many hundred yards distant. With all the exper- 
iments that were made, it seemed that the sound was in pro. 
portion to the amount of sand put in motion with a propor- 
tionate velocity. Another consideration .seems requisite— that 
is its perfect dryness. The dry sand would sound on the sur- 
face, where six inches beneath it was wet; but if any of the 
wet sand became niiugled with the dry, its property of sounding 
ceased at once. The sand appears to the e.ve like ordinary 
beach sand, but ordinary beach sand will not produce the 
sounds. It has been saia that it lost its .sonorous properties 
when taken away from the bank. But I can discover no 
diminishingof its .sonorous qualities, even with the bottle un- 
corked, and we have had rain frequently, and an atmosphere 
more than ordinarily moi.st for this time of year. Perhaps if 
exposed to a very damp atmosphere it might absorb moisture 
enough to prevent its sounding. 



I.NDi-STRiiirs Al'F.8.— In Ceylon large apes are regularly 
employed to pull cocoa-nuts. The.se animals are imported from 
Acheen in batches, and are marched around the plantations 
by their owners, who let them out on hire. A line is first 
attaolied to each of these peculiar laiiorers, and he is then sent 
up a tree, where he is said to select suitable fruit with great 
discrimination end to *^wist the nut round and round till it falls 
to the ground. Each successive fall of a nut is hailed by the 
hairy worker above with a jump and a chuckle of satisfaction 





S4:4r 



J'TJ'VEIITIIIjE IISrSTI^TJCTOT^. 




#Itl $ 



m erica. 



BY G. M. O. 



THE MOUNl) BUILDERS. 




(Continued.) 

TUE imiruojies were wriipiicJ in a coarse kind of linen floth, 
Mmilar in texture to tottou baggini;. A second envelope 
was a kind of oetwurk of coarse threads, formed in very loose 
meshes. The outer or third covering was like the first,' or 
sometimes of leather sewed to.i;ether. There wu.s a small ves- 
sel found in the State of Ohio made of the same material as 
that of which the mortars now in u.se among apothecaries arc 
manufactured. Tt luiMs aliouu three cpiarts, and has a si'oove 
around it near the middle, with two ears to iu.sert a chain, so 
as to suspend it over a fire, and was probably a crucible lor 
melting metals. The cliain handle shows the ingenuity nf its 
construction, by its bein;.; jilaced near the middle for the 
cunvcnicuce of the refiner when pouruit; out his eoip.'r, iron 
or silver. 

When removing the earth which cmiiioscd a mound, to 
Open the way for a new street in Marietta, in the year ISl'.l. 
several curious articles were found. They had been buried 
with the boily of the person to whose memory the mound was 
erected. On the for<!head of the .skeleton were three lari;e 
circular ornaments compo.sed of copper overlaid with a. |ilate 
of silver. The fronts, or .show sides, were sli.!jhn.v convex, 
with a deep deiiression in the centre. They measured two 
inches and a i;uarter aero.-s the face of each. (_>ii the reverse 
side, opposite the de!)re.ssed portion is a cupper rivet, around 
which are two separate plates. Bv these plates they weie 
fastened to a leatiier belt, evidently a sword belt. The jiieoos 
of leather seemed to have been preserved by the salts of 
copper, the plates being nearly reduced to an oxide or ru>t. 
The silver was rpiite blask but not mui-h corroded, as, on bein.s; 
rubbed, it became bright and clear. Around one cif the rivets 
was a small ((uuntity of hemp or flax in a tuleiablc state of 
preservation. Near the side of the skeleton was founil a 
silver plate, which appeared to have been a sword .scabbard. 
This piece of silver was six inches- Iom,:.' a'ld two inches broad, 
with two lon.t;itudinal ridges corresjionding with the edges or 
ridges of the sword once sheathed by it. Several holes were 
in the plate, evidently to rivet it ui the scabbard, 'i'wo or 
three broken pieces of a c ipper tube were also found filled 
with (>«/! ru-'t. These pieces tVom their api)earance composed 
the lower end of the scabbard near the point of the sword. 
Tne sword itself was not di.-covered. but a streak of rust its 
wholelength. Near the feet was found a piece of copper, a piece 
of ochre or paint, and a piece of iron ore, wdiich had been 
partially vitrified. This bit of ore was ne-arly pure iron. 
From the appearand; of the earth surrounding the bo ly and 
the pieces of charcoal, it w.ndd appear that the funeral 
ohse(piies had been celebrated by tire (Report American 
Antiipiarian Society, p. 1()H-172, ]>Sli(l). 

At ('ircleville the hand'.e of a small sword or large knife was 
found. This handle was made of an elk's horn. Around the 
end where the blade had been inserted was a ferrule of .silver, 
in good preservation. Though the handle .showed the hole 
where the blade had been niserted, no iron was found, but an 
oxide remained of similar shape and size. At the same phice, 
lying on a mirror of isinglass, a plate of iron was found, of 
c<mrse oxidized. Before being broken it resembled a plate of 



cast iron. Dr. Hildreth, of Marietta, has in his po session 
among many relics found in the mounds of that vicinity some 
pieces of copper which evidently at one time formed tlie 
front part of a helmet. 

Mr. Atwater (Report A. A. Society ISiiUi s.ays. besides the 
various stone instruments, "There have been found very well 
manufactured swords and knives of iron, ;nid po.ssildy steel.'' 
(rold ornaments are said to be tijund in seseral of the mound.*. 
Silver, very well plated on copper, has been found in several 
tumuli besides tho.se at Circleville and 31arietta. 'Weajions 
of brass have been found in mtiny parts of Amiiica and in 
the Canadas, with curiou.sly sculpture(l stones, all of which go 
to prin'e that this country was once iieopled with civilized 
industrious nations. " (Priest's Am. Ant. j>. ^l'l'^). I'agcs 
might be written liescribing the many curiiuis and interesting 
relics unearthed from time to time, all proring the assertion of 
Mr. Priest, and creating a doi'per interest in tlie mystery that 
shrouds the intelligent and industrious uk nn<l buihiing people 
who dwelt in our valleys long years tigo. 

The narratives of the early eliscoverers tind travelers in 
America are so n;eagre and indefinite, thai many modern 
writers consider their few assertions as exaggerations. This 
has been done without iust foundation. Such assertimis are 
easily made, anel have been nuide by writers who have faileel 
to examine the varicnis testimonies given by tiuthors who 
traveled through or .settled in our e-ounlry three e>r temr 
centuries ago. 

At the time the Spaniards (liscovercd that )iart fif the 
United Stares now known as Florida, lyouisiana, Mississip|ii, 
Alabama ami Geor.aia there were certain nations inhaliiting 
tho-ie Stites greatly adv.inc.id in the arts of civi'ization; far 
beyond any of the adjoining tribes. It is true they were in 
almost a ruined state, from wars and other calamities. Wiien 
De Soto marched thvou'jh the country occujiied by the 
Cherokees and Chiekasaws he found p.art of the land desolated 
by pestilence. The Nat-chcz and other nations were living 
under certain and fixeel forms of government, and although 
thi'v procured a i)art of their substance by hinting and fishing, 
the agricultural arts were in much greater perfection and more 
extensively pursued. They did not change tln'ir residence as 
other tribes, conseeiuently their houses and furniture were 
more convenient, comfbrlalile and various in their uses. The 
historian of I)e Soto's expedition, ( Portuguese (ientleman p. 
4f)l says the houses of the natives were like the farm bouses in 
Siiain, and collecte'd together into large towns. In otlier 
places he speaks of lari-'e dwcllin.gs with out bouses, bake 
houses, granaries, etc. The nation consisteil id' numerous 
villages, eaidi of whiidi was governed Ijy a chief calleda "sun." 
These admitted their inferiority to one great (diief, styled the 
''ai-eat sun." The "great sun" had several officers acting 
under him: two were cnief'-, two masters of ceremonies for 
their temple rites, two officers who presided at councils, four 
who directed the festivals, and others who directed the public 
works. They believed mankinel to be imnuirtal, that after 
death their souls went to reside in another winld, where they 
were rewarded or punished according to their conduct in the 
present life, ihey ree-ognized a Supreme and all ruling Being, 
who .i-'overns the universe and was called the "C!rea^ Spirit. " 
They also believed in an evil spirit, who was inferior in power 
to the .good .spirit, (Du Pratz' Hist. La. 11. l7;!-2tl8). The 
"great sun," who was considered a brother to the sun, h(mored 
the ajipearance of his elder brother evciy nnuiiing as be rose 
above the horizon; and to its honor a perpetual fire was main- 
tained in their teni|jle.s. The ".great sun" being chief priest 
as well as ruler of the nation, appointed from the order 





0" U "V" E IN" I Xj E I3^STI?.UCTOi^. 



S45 



priests a certain number as sriiardians of the snored fire, 
riiarlevoix (Hist, of Canada. .il'.)) says that the first fniits ot 
■svery thing they gathered were liroiicrht to the temple. ;ind no 
hind was sown until the seed had been presented there. Tiic 
same author says. "We have abundant evidenee that a per- 
petual fi-o was maintained by various other nations inhabiting 
the southern TTnited States." Aeeording to Du Pratz, the 
historical t;-adition of the Nat-ehez was, that before they came 
into tho land tboy were tlion living in, they lived in a land 
nearly south-west towards Moxieo. but by defeat in repeated 
battles, they had finally been driven eastward across the great 
river {Mississippi). So numerous was the nation that they 
occupied the land from the (lulf of Mexico on the .«outh to 
the Ohio on the north having over five hundred "suns" or 
princes to rule over the n:ition. Their tr.iditions relate that 
their ancient enemies "lived in a great number of large and 
small villages which were built of .stone, in which were houses 
large enough to lodge a whole vilbige: their temples were 
built with great labor and art, and they nuido beautiful works 
ol all kind of mateiials." Like the Aztecs tbey had a tradition 
that the c mntry had been once irdiabited by white pcnplc who 
had the use of iron tools, (Mr. Atwafer Ren. Am. Ant. Soc. 
273). The Natchez were exterminated in 17-311 by ihe Fiench 
whom they had treated with great kindness The few who 
escaped death were sent to Santo D.nniiigo and soW as slaves. 
Though oral tradition m:iy be of little authority, still there are 
ficts handed down from one generation to another that we 
must admit were originally true, and cannot be gainsayed. 
Having no means of fixing dates or for correcting their chronology 
or separating events blended and interrt'oven together, events 
separated by intervals of perh.-ips centuries, it is impossible 
fir us to arrive at any conclusion or i\.-sunie to fix the time 
when the Nat-chez first occupied Louisiana or when the white 
people dwelt in the land. 

{To he Conh'nufrJ,) 



"The man is a wretch. I will not purchase his hovel. It 
shnll remain whore it is a monument of my respect for the laws. ' 

The plans were changed, and the work was int)rogres=, when 
X.ipoleon was overthrown. The unfortunate cooper when he 
found the golden opportunity gone from him, bitterly lamented 
h's folly, and his sad repining soon wore his life away. 



THIE K.i^:P^CIOTJS GOOFEI?.. 




IM the .story of Napoleon's life we are told that -bortly after 
he became King of Ilnuie the Emperor planned theercetion 
of a large palace for himself on the banks of the SL'iii.i, nearly 
opposite the bridge of dcna. 

The G-overnmeiit .set about securing the n ■'ccisary ground 
and hail finally succeeded in imrchasiiij- all but one small bit 
of ian I up'in winch stooci the hut and wo:ksiiop of a poor 
cooper. This piece of-property the comuiissinnrrs estimated 
to be worth, at the very higuest. SiiiKi; but the owner. niuli,-h 
and grasping, having ascertaiiu'd that the ]io<ses.Mnn of bis 
hut was absolutely essential to the proposed jilin. demanded 
$2,01)0. The exorbitant demand was rei)ortod to the emperor. 

"It is exorbitant, imleed," he replied, •'lint the poor man is 
not to be turned out tioui his old honip. (five it to him." 

The old man tiniling his dcma,nds so jminiptly aci*ded to, 
immediately d'olared, that, upon farth(;r relied ion, he could 
not afford to sell for less than six thousand dollars. All ex- 
postulations were in vain. The architect was at a st uiil-still. 
He was afraid to annoy the Kniperor again with the matter, 
and yet ho could not i)roceed with his i)lan>. Naiioleon was 
finally informed of the stale of .ift'airs. 

"This fellow tnfies with us," he said; 'but there is no help 
for it. We must pay the money. 

The cooper, now grown utterly rapacious, increased his ilo- 
mand to ten thousand dollars. 1'he emperor, when infirmid 
of it. saiil inilignintly : 




TEHST IsdIIlSrXJTIES TO LIVEl- 



ON board an Kngli.sh .steamer, a little ragged boy, aeed nine 
years, was discovered the fo\irth day out from Liverpool 
to Now York and earriL.'d before the first mate whose duty it 
was to deal with such cases. 

When questioned as to his oliject of being stowed away and 
who brought him on board, the boy, who had a beautiful sunny 
lace and eyes that 1 lokod like the very mirror of truth, renlicd 
that his stepfather did it becau>e he could not afford to keep 
him nor jiay hi.-- passasje to Halifax, whore ho had an aunt who 
was well oft", and to whose hou'^e be was going. 

The mate did not believe the story, in spite of the winnin" 
face and truthful iiceenfs of the boy. He had seen too much 
of stowaways to he easily deceived by them he .said, and it was 
liis fiim conviction the boy had bce?i brought on board and 
jirovided with food by the sailors. The little follow was very 
rouehly handled in consequence. 

Day by day he was questioned and ro-quostioncd, but always 
n-ith the .san)c residt. He did not know a saihu- on iMiard and 
his father alone had secro'od him and given him food which 
he ate. 

At la^t the mate wearied I.y the boy's persistence in the 
same story, and iierhajis a little anxiou- to inculpate the sailors, 
.seized aniljliagj;od h'm on the lore-deck, told him unless he 
told the truth in ten iijinuto^ li'oni that time, he woul'l hang 
from the yard arm. 

He then made him sit down under it on the deck. Al; 
around him were the pas,>-ongers and sailors of the middy 
w.'itch, and in font of him .>tood the inexorable mate with his 
ehrommeter in his ha id and the officer of the shi|) by his 
side. 

It was the finest sight, said our informant, that I ever be- 
held, to see the pale pioud, sorrowful face of that noble boy, 
his head erect, his lieautiful eyes lirigbt through the tears that 
.surfaced them When oiaht minutes had fled the mate told 
him he had l)Ut two miniues to live, and ndvi.sed him to si)eak 
the truth and save his lile; but he replied with the utmost 
simplicity and sincerity, by asking if he might pray. 

The mate said nothing liut nodded his head and turneil pale 
as a ghost and shook with trembling like a rooil shaken by the 
wind. And then all eyes turned on him. the brave and noble 
little fellow — the rioor boy whom society owned not, and who.se 
step-father could not care for liim — there he knelt with clasjied 
hanils and eyes turned \\p to heaven, while ho ropcated audibly 
the Lord's prayer, and prayed for the Lord Jesus to take him 
to heaven. 

Our informant add> '.hat there then occurred a scene as of 
pontecost. Sobs broke from strong, hard hearts, as the mate 
sprauL' forward to the boy and clasped him. and blessed hinii 
and told him how sincerely ho believed his story, and how glad 
he was that he ha<l been bravo eiKUigh to lace death and 
be willing to sacriliee his lifi- for the truth of liis word. 



Wiii;n .1 man talks of hinisolf he is more apt to be fluent 
than agreeable. 





S46 



cr-cr"v^sxv]iLE ih^sti^tjotoi^. 





0£ORG£ Q. CANNON, 


EBITOR. 


SATUKDAY, OCTOBER I r. 


1875. 





EHDITOI^-X^Ij tbcotjg-sits. 

IjCTS are just now having cousidevable to 
sa.v upon the i^iibject of teaching or not 
teaching the Bible in the pubhc schools of 
the country. There are many Protestants 
who contend that it should be used as a 
school book: that the morality of the 
Bilile i.s that upon which the laws, the 
iM public sentiments and the morality of the 
f£ nation should be based, and, therefore, 
every child sliould be taught its grand truths. 
To tliis the Catholic objects. He does not 
want his children taught from the Protestant 
Bible; if they must be tauaht from that book 
at all. he wants his version of it tiscd. The 
uvenilcs should know that King James' trans- 
ation of the Bil.'lc is that wliich the Latter-day 
Saints use, and it is in u.'^e among all the Eugli^h- 
.speuking Protestant sects; but the Catholics reject 
it. They hare a tran'^lation of their own which tlicy accept 
as correct. Now the Latter-day Saints would probably not 
object to either the Protestant or Catholic version of the Bible 
being used in schools. Each translation is probably more 
correct upon some points than the other: liut we know that 
neither of them has been translated by revelation; tliey are the 
works of uninspired men, and the Lord has revealed to us that 
many of the plain and precious jiarts of His word, which were 
originally in tho.sc records we now call the Bible, liave been 
suiiprcssed by wicked men. They have been taken out of 
both the Catholit- and the Protestant Bibles. But we can 
use the Bible as it is, and by the Spirit of God and by the 
aid of tlie revelations which he lias given in our day, we can 
be profited by its perusal. The reason for the Latter-day 
Saints using King James' and not the Catholic translation 
is that the great bidk of the peoiile were Protost:ints when 
they heard the gospel. That was the book they were Aimiliar 
with and which was in imiversal use among tlie nations where 
the gospel had been preached. That translation lias been 
publislied by millions and been widely circulated, while the 
Catholic version is but rarely ,=een. These are the reasons, 
therefore, why we, as a people, have always used the Protestant 
Bible. 

Besides the Catholics, there arc also the inlidels who object 
to the Bible being taught in schools. They do not believe 
that any book, I'rote.-^tant or Catliolic, contains God's words. 
They do not believe in Him, and think it great folly to teach 
children, or any one else, the Bible. They ridicule its teachings, 
despi.se much of its morality and condemn a great portion of 
it as a mass of fables. They unite wilh the Catholics, then, in 
trj-ing to }]anish the Bible from the public schools. 

This question is becoming one of great interest, and is likely 
yet to create great strife. Bloo<l may yet be shed in this free 
land over this and kindred ."ubjec.ts. The elements are com- 
bining in such a manner as to lead to stnuig animositv and 
p:'cad divisions. There is no strife ^o bitter and .>o full of 



hateful features as a religious .strife; and, in addition to the 
many other causes of contention, the nation isthreatered with 
this. Happily tor the Latter-day Siints thare is no necessity 
for them to be dragged into this quarrel. The most of our 
schools are not supported by general taxation. They are sub- 
scription schools, and the teacher is at liberty to impart lessons 
from the Bible, the Book of Mormon and the book of T>octrine 
and Covenants. May they have this liberty for ever ! We 
flad to the Bocky Mountains to preserve ourselvjs, our ('hurch 
organization and ourreligijn. ]>e;truction threat ;n 'd us among 
the sects of Babylon. Our flight and all our other efforts wouid 
be vain, if now we were to throw open our schools to infidelity 
and e.Kclude from our classes the Acords which we know to be 
of God. For the preservation and correct teaching of that 
word to our children in our schools we .should spare no eft'orts. 
We have schools of many denominations among us now. 
There are Catholi&s Episcopalians, Presbyterians. Methodists, 
Bajitists aud probably other sects. ^Vhere they estalilish 
schools, their aim is to lead cheir pupils to accept their doctrines 
and to adopt th:ir faith. Shall the Latter-day Saints, upon 
their own chosen ground, in the home which God has given 
them and which he has enabled them to establish and maintain, 
be less zealous than they? Shall they suffer their children to 
be taught a faith alien to their own and which thi^y know to be 
false'? This would be worse than folly. We have the truth, 
let us teach it. We have God'.s word in the Bible, in tlie Book 
ofJIorinon, in theB.iok of Doctrine and Covenants, let u.s not 
suffer oiu' children to grow up in ignoran.:-e of it. These 
books should be taught in every school, day and Sunday, which 
Latter-day Saints teach or to which they send their children. 
God forbid that we should neglect this great duty! No false 
ideas of liberality sliould be allowed to prevail upon this svil.iject. 
It is not true liberality to fail to teach our children truth, or to 
suffer others to teach them error. Satan is ready to step into 
every door we leave open. He is ready enough to teach all 
who will listen to him, to iin])lant dotibts and unbelief, to 
si>read darkness and error. The Tjord will hold the I^atter- 
day Saints accountable for the correct training of the children 
He has given them. If through their neglect they are led 
astray, they cannot escape condemnation. 



OTR patrons will jilease bear in mind that they iuu.-<t renew 
their subscriptions before they expire hereafter, if they 
wish to secure complete files or a continuance of the paper 
without interruption, as, after the close of the pretent volume, 
which will be veiysoon now, as we purpo.se crowding the paper 
out very fast until we catch up to date, we will is.-ue only suffi- 
cient of each number to fill the order.s that we may have in 
at the time the number is i.ssued. Those whose subscriptions 
expire with the volume will oblige us by renewin;;- them imme- 
diately, that, as far a:; pos.<ible, our uew lists may be in before 
th j first number of Volume P^leven is issued. 

To meet the increasing ta^te for music among our young 
friends, aud make the IssTiircroR better adapted for use in 
Sunday Schools, we have concluded to publish a song with 
music in every number of our next volume. The taste for 
music .should be more extensively cultivated in our community 
than it is, and we expect it will be; therefore, we have no fear 
that our readers will consider the introduction of more mu.sic 
into our pages as an unpleasaii'. innovation, but feel as.sured 
that they will hail it as an attractive and welcome feature. 

There is a prospect of our being able to furnish the readers 
of the Instri'i'Tok with a greater variety of original reading 
matter in the future, as a number of our mo.st exiierienced 
writers arc now under promise lo supply us with articles. 





CTTJ^En^IZjEI IlsTSTIi^.TJOT'OI^. 



S4:7 






!!seiiii|^» 



BY BETH. 



THE SWAN. 

Ti[E tuuie 01' mute Swan is so called from its silent habits. 
Tliis elegant and graceful bird lias long been partially 
domesticated, and enjoj's protection to a great extent, heavy 
penalties being proclaimed against anyone who kills a Swan. 
The mother is ver.y watchful over her nest and young; and, in 
company with her mate assaults any.intruder on the premises. 
During the iirst period of their life the young Swans mount 
on their mother's back and are thus carried from one place to 
another. If in the water, the Swan is able to sink herself so 
low that the young can scramble upon her back out of thj 
water; and if on land, she helps them up by means of one leg. 
The movements of the Swan upon ornamental waters, in the 
])arks of leading cities, and in tlie ponds jirepared for them in 
zoological collections are a source of endless enjoyment to 
visitors. There is a dignity of motion as they glide along with- 
out a ripple in the water, the head erect, the neck fine'y arched. 








and a certain resemblance to what we would call "coquetish- 
ness," for want of a better name, as though the beautiful 
creature challenged admiration. Not even is this habit of the 
bird departed from when it is the subject of attack; it will sail 
away in the most majestic manner. If anything disturbs its 
equanimity it is the "feeding time," which is very frequent 
in places of public resort to which children have access. The 
swans are among the farorites with the little folks, who, before 
they leave the nursery, take eood care to be amply provided 
with sundry slices of bread, cakes and other dclicacieslfor 
these pets. The lower animals can be educated to a certain 
extent. Thus the swans .soon learn to know their benef.ictors 
if they will feed them periodically: and as these birds are thor- 
oughly protected from injury by the watchful vigilance of their 
keepers, they become so full of confidence that they will take 
food from the hand of a child. 

THE QUAIL. 

TiiK ^'irginia (,)uail is found in many jiarts of Noi-th 
America, and is generally called the I'artridge, greatly to the 
confusion of young ornithologists. On account (if its peculiar 
cry it is also called "Bob White," its clear call-note Ijearing 

n.siderable resemblance to those words. 




The Virginia Quail generally keeps itself to the open 
ground, preferring those spots where grain is yilentiful; some- 
times, however, it shelters itself among the trees or brushwood, 
but even then seems to pass but little of its time in such 
retreats. During the whiter it gains courage by hunger, 
approaching human habitations in search of food, and boldly 
fighting with the poultry for the grain thrown to them. 

Oftentimes the eggs are placed under the domestic hen, and 
in that case the young birds are very tame, provided that the 
foster-mother -Ls of a quiet, stay-at-home temper, and not 
given to roaming. Wilson informs us that two young Quails 
which had been hatched by a hen at- 
tached themselves to the cows, accom- 
panying them regularly to the field, 
standing by them when they were 
milked, retiring with them in the even- 
ing, and roosting, in the .stable. These 
interesting little birds unfortunately disappeared in the 
spring. 

The "Mountain Quail" has been introduced with considera- 
ble success in these valleys. The habits of the Quails are 
favorable to their jirescrvatlon: the hen bird is remarkably 
careful of her youna' broo^l, and the young ones have a large 
share of instructive prudence under circumstances of danger. 
On the approach of an enemy, the mother gives a note of 
alarm, when the little fledgelings scatter themselves in every 
direction, and conceal themselves bv crouching beneatli the 
brush or grass; the hen rennins concealed, not giving utter- 
ance to anv cry of alarm that would -ittract the notice of her 
adversary. "When she knows by careful obs(!rvation of her 
.siuToundings that danger is past, she gives notice to the little 
ones, who are carefully waiting for the call ol the motlier. 

TIIK ]'Ai;TRTl)t!E. 

Tilts bird, so dear to sportsmen, is Connd spread (jvor the 
greater part of Europe: always being fouml most plentifully 
n-'ar cultivated ground. It feeds unon varioiis substances, 
su-h as grain and seeds in the autumn, and green leaves and 
in.sects in the spring and early .summer. In all ju-obability, 
this binl, although it njay do sume damage to tho wheat lields, 
may. still be very useful to the farmer, by its unceasing war 
upon the smaller ""vermin' that devastate the lields and injure 
tire crops. 

Our Aiworican I'a.tridge differs from the I'urupcan variety 
slightly; they are distinguished from the grouse by the naked 
feet and nostrils. The Mrgiuia quail [orlyx virgiidmus) is 
frequently known, as before stated, as the "I'artridge," in the 
same way that we call the sharp- tailed 
grouse the "prairie chicken " There is one 
thing in which the Partridges of both conti- 
nents resemble each other exceedingly: tiny 
are objects of great interest to the sports- 
man. In Europe at certain sea.sons of the 
j'car, particularly in English society of the 
wealthy, the presence of ihisbird as "'game'' 
is indis lensable at a fashionable dinner. 




A Svi!i.\N convert to ("hrlstianity was ur.'jcl by his em- 
ployer to work (Ui Sunday, bu'; he declined. "J>ut." said the 
master, "does notyimr Bible say that if a man has an ox i r:in 
ass that falls into a jiit on the Sabbath day he may pull him 
out?" "Yes," answered Ilayop, but if the ass has a haliit of 
filling into the s,-inie jiit every Sabbath, then the ii:au ,-h ml 
either ttll mi t!ie ])it or sell that ass." 





S4=8 



CrTJ-^E3SrXD_,E in^STie,T7CTOI^. 




Stories ^!j0id 



Ml 



BY J. I,. BARFOOT. 




THKRK is mnch curiosity inanifiMtcd about our beautiful 
lake; questions are eoiitiuuali}^ being asked respecting it, 
such a,s, "V\ here does the water that is c<intinual!y discharging 
itself into the lake from the Jordan, Weber. Bear, and other 
affluents, water that must amount to millions of tons, go to?" 
' Ls there any outlet to the lake under ground cr otherwise?'" 
Another fre(|uont question is this: "Are there any fi>h in the 
lake, or any other forms of life?" Rome a.sk "How is it so 
salt?" "Whore does tlie salt come from?' and many other 
questions are asked, some of whieli it is proposed to answer 
that our young readers may be informed on these suljeets and 
led to become obflerver.s of phenomena respecting the Great 
Saltla'co. 

Until 1^40 — .')0, no correct survey iif the lake was made; 
then Captain llow.ird StKinsbury of the Topog-raphical Engin- 
eers, U. S., with a .staff of comiietent assistants thoroughly 
explored this valley, including the lake and its tributaries. 
In this work one of our leading brethren performed an import- 
ant duty in making triangulations, that is measuring scientific- 
ally, a portion of the Great Salt Lake anil its .surn.riidiugs. 
One of the island — Carrington I.^lanl^ — is named in honor of 
that gentleman who is now one of the Twelve Apostie-s of our 
Churcli — Albert ("arrington. 

Among other dcscoveries, it was made certain that there 'us 
no outlet to the lake; that the saline (salt) properties are due 
to the c >nstniit inlux of brire s;u-ings; that certain foimsof 
insect life existed in the lake. Since then very little ba.s been 
done in studying tht further history of the lake. 

Ilowcvei-, much ha.s l»-en done recently; and that which has 
been done has been done more exactly than before, when much 
was guessed at, a thing that should not be done in relation to 
natural [dienomena. One of the first steps recently taken in 
the right dirccti'.in was by the suggestion of the chief of 
the Smithsonian Institute. I'rof Henry, aided by Dr -Inhn 1!. 
I'iirk, prini-i|ial of mir univer.sity; this was to erect a piilar 
in the lake to accnratel;, determine the change of level. 

This pillar is a .small obelisk of granite, .such as is \\<r'^ fr 
tic Tem|)le in Suit Ltike C'ty; it was made under the dirtct'o i 
of Dr. I'ark, and was generously donated to the pubiio Iiy 
Messrs. Morris and Evans, of this citv. Perhars our voun; 
readers may iikf to know more aijout tiie uses ot tins piiiar. 
JJriefly, it is lo determine what animint of rain falls in ihese 
vidley.--. for the VA<' \< th-_^ luwe-t point in the Salt Lake ba.siii 
and any wat'T n.itur:iily run-* into it. 

Another thing that has been done scientifically, is to name 
the little fii-ky fellows that are amons the iniiabitants of the 
lake, little fellows that l.iok very n.uch like .small shrimiis. 
These are found t.. belong to a well kn.iwn family that has the 
scientific name ni' p!ii/!/opoJ.i. in allusion to the branch-like 
limbs by which they move aliout in the water, and by which, 
ill fact, they breathe, \at\ire, in her wonderful workings, is 
very frequently enabli>d to turn one organ to .sevcr.il uses in 
the animal ceonomy. And the name by which these curious 
creatures are now known in siientific works is nrttmin fertiln. 
There are several other kinds of arlemia, but this is that 
variety named ffrlHia. 

The nature of other forms ot life i., now being nude known 
by investigation-^ conducted by distinguished naturalist.-;, 
at which wai known v:iguely is now being proved aud turned 



to account in the interests of the public. Much of the insect 
life of the world begins in retired places by the side of w,iters 
and even in the water. 

There is a form of ipln/drri^ probably the epliydra linliypliRn 
of Packard. T'wh ephydra is a kind of fly that Captain Doris, 
who lives on the lake, has noticed and spoken about long ago. 
Besides this there are many other insignificant life-forms, that 
are a part of this grand creation of which we are a part, 
and in which tho*e tiny creatures perform their part as well as 
we do ours. 



THIE 7^E.T OIP ZPI^inSTTinSTCa-. 



BY KOLT.O. 



(Continued.) 



now TYPES ARE MADE. 

ITii.ST we will vi.-.it the punch-cutter, a man of exquisite 
touch and nuerring eye, sitting amid keen and delicate 
to lis ami accurate gauges. [lis busine.-^s i- to cut letters on 
jiiei es of .-toel, similar to i common punch. Every letter 
before it is cast has to be eusravod upon the end of a bar of 
steel called the punch. The punch-cutter first c its A. then 
B, and so on until the whole alphabet is complete, all the 
h tter.s being exactly alike in bight, breadth, appearance, etc. 
A sii.oke poof of the dies is then taken, and if approved ot 
they are placed .separat<dy in a stamping machine and an 
oblonsr piece cf cojiper is set under it, a heavy weight is 
br night to bear upon it, and a perfect impression of the die ia 
left deep in the copper. This piece of copper is called the 
matrix The matrices are then gi'"en to other workmen, who 
file, scnpe, and grind them exactly the same size. The slijht- 
est difference cannot be allowed, or else the types cannot range 
accurately aud be of uniform l.i rht. and they will have a 
ziszag appearance, which is noticed in badly made type. 

Types were at first cast in hand-moidds. but thej' have Ions 
since been supersede d by type casting machines. These 
machines are very tinv in appearance, but small as they are 
they oan throw out more tvpe in a day than a person would be 
likely to count in a month, even if ho could call off 100 per 
minute aud occupy ten hours a day. The machines were 
invented by Mr. David Bruce. Jr a resident of New York, 
and a very insenious man. Mr. Thomas Mackellar says- 
"The metal is kept fluid by a little furnace underneath the 
machine, and is projected into the mould by a pump, the 
spout of which is in front of the metal pot. The mould is 
movable, and at every revolution of the crank in the hind of 
the workman it comes up to the spout, receives a charge of 
metal, and flies back with a fully formed type in its bo'-om; 
the upper half of the mould lifts, and out jumps a type as 
livelv as a tadpole. You don't see how the letter is formed on 
the end of the type? True, we had forgotten: well this sjiring 
in front holds in loving proximity to the mould, a copper 
nuitrix. The letter A, for instance, stamped in the matrix sits 
directly opposite the aperture, in which the mould meets the 
mouth of the pump: and when a due portion of the A'.s is 
cast, another matrix with B stamped in it takes its place, and 
so on throughout the whole alphabet." These machines, as I 
said before, are very rapid in their operation. It makes small, 
thin type, such a.s nonpariel, at the rate of about 175 a minute, 
but 100 per minute is about the average amount of ordinary 
printing type. But the types are not fiai.4ied yet; for as soon 
almost a-s they are cast thej' are passed over to some boys, wh 





JU'VEisriLE insrsTi^u cToi^. 




break off the jets or waste ends on the bottom of the type, 
which are then passed over to another pquad of boys, who, 
with heather protected fingers, rub off the rcnigh ed,s;e> on birgc 
grindstones, propelled by steam. After they have been rubied 
smooth they are given into the posse>sion of .-onie more boys; 
who, sitting at long tables, set up the type in long line.^; after 
which they pass into the hands of the dresser, "who deftly 
slii)S thetn into a long stiel;, shakes them down on their tace, 
screws them ui>, fastens them into a planing hoard, and with 
oneortW'i pushes of a planing toul, accutatoly ginoves the 
bottom of the type, entirely removing the burr left in the eml 
when the jet is broken off, as well a< giving e;ich type a small 
pair of legs to stand on, until worn out and returned to tlie 
meltiu.g kettle." As soon- as they are grooved, the dr sscr 
with the aid of a powerful magnifying glas-, narrowly inspects 
the face of the type, and if an imperfejt letter is fuund it is 
immediately thrown out Tlie immaculate type.* are then te: 
up in convenient pages ready for the purchaser. 

Type metal is composed of lead an'd aritiniuny. cojiper and 
tin, which go to make up a metal that I^ hard, yet not brittle, 
ductile, yet tough, flowing freely, yet luir'lening quickly, all 
of which conditions must be met before perfect type metal 
tan be manufactured. 

( To he (JniL'ii)iie'l.) 



Fr</in CliumLcrs' AJimcl/a 



"U- 




((yOutinaeci.) 

"l I EANWlilhB the young men rapidly impnned. 1 read aloud 

ill to them, and related sloi'ies; and an hour spent in this way 
was the reward for all wlio had Ijeen diligent, it is incredible with 
what curiosity they all pressed around me when, on a Sunday 
afternoon, I appointed them to meet nie at my hnuse, in the 
wood, or in the meadows : all quitted tbeir games ; and even 
those who had long a^o lett school, renaired thither. I gave 
them a moral enve'.oped in a story ; and winie ttiey thouiiht 
they were simply aDiusin.t; thenj^elves, I umierniined their 
prejudices, wakened their moral feelings, and increased tbeir 
knowledge of the world. 

"The singing le.ssons did not cau-e less cnji.iyment. There 
were many of my pupils who had .good voices. Tiie singina- 
master in the next town a.~-isted me, and they speedily 
improved. But 1 could do nothing with regard to the singing at 
church, for all the elders of the congregation delighted in sing- 
mg as loud as possiole. I begged tiie cure to tell his flock 
that it would be much more agreeable if they did not roar at 
church. 

"'What doe- that mean?' said he. 'I allow every one to 
cry to God as loud as he likes: lukewarm singing makes luke- 
warm religion. ' 

"He told the peasants and their wives of my unchi-ktian 
request, and they sang louder than ever. I now felt that 1 
must be more circumspect, for I .saw plaiidy that I was not 
liked; and that the washing, sewing, knitting, and singing 
were looked upon as pernicious innovations ; and that the cure 
and mayor fostered the dislike of the people — the former be- 
cause I was not sufficiently submissive to his will ; and the 
latter because I never spent a groschen at his inn, and because 
1 amused the .young men on a Sunday, instead of letting them 
drink at his alehouse. Perhaps I should have been even more 
disliked, had not the youths, maidens, and children shewu 
great affection for me ; these hindered many from injuring me^ 



and from them I received warning; when anything was de.signed 
against me. 

"A rumor was now sjircad by the womeTi of I bird, whieli 
everywhere found i-redencc. and which caused me to be feared 
by all. They said that I was a .■•orcerer, or something of that 
kind. When a cow g.r, e blue milk, or when anytliing was 
stolen or l(wt. peojilc came to nie, and begged me to tell them, 
by means of the cards, who or what had eau.-ed these events. 
They attributed the good condilion of my three acres to super- . 
natural n}eans. tluuigh ihey >aw me weeding and digging the 
land. I saw that (hi; old neii)ile were not to be di-abnsed of 
this idea; my only hcjpe rc>ted in the children, who had begun 
to value the trouble I had taken with them. About five yeaI^ 
after 1 came to Hard, the cure, who bad always ojijiosed ujc in 
everything, came t<i me one morning, and. after flattering me, 
offered me hiscook in marriage, f i'efu.~ed, jierhaps too indig- 
nantly; and he. in revenge, wrote to the jiresidcnt, accusing me 
of practices of the worst kind. 1 defended myself, ai;d with 
.s leh success, that the cure s conduct was inquired into, and he 
was founil guilty of the very crimes he had imiuired to me. 
He was disniis.sed. and another cure, of the name olBode, took 
his place. He was quite a different man to his ]U-eJece.ssOT; 
pion«, gentle, and ch;iritali|e. He supported me in all my 
efforts, and tried to improve his flock: but his .sermon.? were 
not liked. The jieople said he was not of the true religion; 
for he dill not ineaeh incomprehensibilities, a-^ the cure I'tiock 
bad done. They praised the latter, lamented his loss, and said 
tlia! there would never be such another man in Hard. 

"Just at this time a certain Karon Zebra arrivej at Hard. 
He hadjii-t eonif int(i pos-ession of a lar.ge and beautiful wood, 
con.-istiiig(d' beech, oak. and birch trees, which lay in the pari.-h 
of Hard, and which he wished W .'•ell. because lie lived at a 
trreat distance. The government refused to buy it, bccau.se no 
wood was re(]uired iu that neighborhood . and there was no 
navigable ri\ei- near by which tiniber could be eoriveyed to a 
distance. The baion offered it to the liCople of Hard, a-s the 
wood lay very c<mveiuently for them ; but they were very poor, 
and bad wooil enough ; besides, if by any chance their stock 
fiiled, they made n > scruple ol' stealing it from the baron. 
'I'hcy therefu-e refu.^ed to 1 uy it. luiless he would lower the 
jiricc from nine to five thousand gulden. 

"The baron wi^b.'d for advice on the subieet ; and ;he ein-e 
recommended him to soeak to me, as I understood the affairs 
of the village better than any one else. He eame tome; and 
it .smlderdy occurred to me to buy it myself. .My |ilan was ready 
dii;i;ctly. The liaron s^iid be would t:ike si.\ thousand gulden 
lor it; if I could luocure punbasers. I e.\|ilained to liim tl.at 
I wi.died to buy the wood upon sfieculatiun, and that i would 
p:iy him half the sum down, if he would allow the other halt 
to remain, for which 1 Would jiay interest. He looked round 
njy school-room , and then stared at me 4vilh surprise: he, 
however, agi'ee ". t^j ujy proposition, and the terms o' imrchiLse 
w-rc legally drawn ujj. I took the eight thousand gulden from 
the bank, the interest ot' which the orphan daughter of my 
guardian had hitherto received, paid for her education out of 
njy income, and gave the baron the sum agreed upmi. 

"The people talked lon<ll.\ enough ri(]W. No one doubted my 
being in po.sscs.sion of unheard-of I'iches; but the old people 
laughed at my .-^peculation. I let them laugh. I procured the 
necessary implements, built a large kiln. h:id the wood cut dowu, 
and every piece converted into ashes. 

il'o be Continuetl.) 
^* — ^...»* _ 



riu.Ncim.K holds th.5se together whom power would alienate. 





S50 



J-TJ'VEItTILE] IITSTI^UCTOI^. 



[est! 011^ Hfu! ^iisii^er^ 

Onsr THIS BIBI_.E- 

r I R S T B V O K F S A il U E L . 




LESSON XCVII, 
y. —Where did the rhili^tines go to after Saul eeased to iullow 
them' 

A.— "To their own plaee." 

Q_-VVa» Saul suecejiful in figiiting against his enemies on 
every side? 

• A.— "Whithersoever he turned hinisidl'. he vexed them." 
Q.— AVhat was the effect of this suceess? 

A.— "Hi' delivered Israel out of the hand- of them that spoiled 
them " 

Q— i:l'>\v many sons iiad Saul? 
A.— Tlirer . 

Q.— How many daughters? 
A.-TWO. 

Q.— W'nit was the name of the i-ajitainof liis host? 
A.— Ahiier. 

Q._Who was Ahner's father^ 
A. — Xer. S:ud s uncle. 

Q._H.>w long was tlu-re sore war with the Philistines? 
A. — "All the d.i.v.-, o'f Saul." 

Q.— "SYhat was Saul therefore in IIk- hahit of doing' 
A.— Whenever he .-aw a ^tr..n^ man. or any valiant man, he 
tor)k him unto him. 

Q.— What did Sanaiel tell Saul wa= rcmemljered liy the 
Lord: 

A. — "Thiit which Annilel; did t.. Isi-ael. how he laid w.ait for 
him in the way. when he came up from Egviit." 
Q.— What did Samuel then say to SauV 

A. — "Now g(i ye and smite Annilek, and nttrrly destroy all 
that they have, and s]iare them not." 
Q— What did Saul do'' 

A.— He gathered the peopk- togetliur and numhered them. 
Q. — How many were there.' 

A.— --rwo hundred thousand tbotmen and ten tliousand men i'{ 
Judah. ' 

Q.— What was th. name of the jieoplo living in one of the cities 
of Amalek' 
A. — Keiiite-. 

Q.— What did Saul say to the Kenite.5 when he came to their 
city? 

A.— To leaVL- tlje Annilekites lest thiy should he destroyed with 
them. 
Q. — "What reason did Saul trive for thus warning tliem? 
A. — Becau>e they -howed kindness to all the children of Israel 
when they came uii out of Egypt. 

Q. — Did Saul utterly destroy the Amalekites and all thiy had, 
a^ he wa- commanded' 

A.— No. he spared Agag the king and the best of the flocks. 
Q.— A\'hal was the word of the Lord that then came to Samuel? 
A.^'Tt reiienteth me that i have set up Saul to be king, for he 
is turned hack 'rom folluwirig me, and hath not performed my 
Cjmrnandments." 

Q.— What effect did tli's have on Samuel' 
A. — Tl grieved him and he cried unto the Lord all night, 
y. — AS'hat did ."^aul say to Samuel when he met him the ne.xt 
morning'' 

A. — "Blessed be thou of the Lord: I have jierformed the com- 
m indment of the Lord." 
Q. — What reply did Samuel make' 

A.— "What meaneth then the hhalrig uf the sheep in mine 
ears, and the lowing o( the oxen whicli 1 hryr.' " 
Q.— What excuse did Saul make' 

\. — That the people had spared the be-t ul' the sliei|i und fixen 
sacrifice unto the L'li'd. 



itestians nntl ^.isiirers 



OIsT THE 

book: o^^ nvE o k. ivc o nsr 




REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON XCVII. 

0. — What was the result of the capture of the city of Manti by 
Helaman's troops? 

A. — The Lamanites fled from the land and the Nephites came 
back to their homes. 

Q. — How did Moroni feel when he read Helaman's letter con- 
tainmg the account ■ f the warfare in the land of Jershon? 

A. — He rejoiced because of the success the people of Ammon 
and he made the letter public that the people might rejoice also. 

Q. — What did he do in order to strengthen Heleman? 

A. — He sent word to Pahoran at Zarahemla to send assistance 
to him. that the Lamanites might not re-take the land. 

Q. — While Moroni was makmg these arrangements what did 
the Lamanites do' 

A. — They attacked the people in the city of .Neiihihah. 

Q.— With what result' 

A.— The Lamanitc-, being far i;:oro nuniernus. compelled the 
ii h ibiiaiits to flee. 

Q. — How di.d Mor..ni feci when he he.ird of this? 

A.— He thought the Lord gavi' the Lamanites power over the 
Nephites on account "f the wickedness of the hitler. 

Q.— What did Moroni afterwards do? 

A. — He wrote a letter to Pahoran, the governor of Zarahemla, 
and referreii to the slothfulness of the government in the cause of 
freedom. 

Q. — Did Pahoran reply to this letter? 

A. — Tes; he assured Moroni of his faithfulness, and also gave 
an account of a rebellion which had started. 

Q, — What was the cause of this rebellion? 

A. — Many of the people were dissatisfied and decided on form- 
ing an alliance with the Lamanites 

Q. — What did tlie rebels do with Pahoran? 

A. — Thej' compelled him to flee into the land of Gideon. 

Q. — Wnat did Pahoran desire of Moroni? 

A. — He desireil him to march with a body of men to assist in 
putting down the rebellion. 

Q. — Did Moroni comply with this request? 

A. — Yes: and he raised his standard wherever he went, and 
thus obtained a large army. 

Q. — Whom did he leave in command during his absence? 

A. — Lehi and Teancum. 

Q. — Who had been appointed king of the rebels? 

A.— A man named Pachus 

Q. — As soon as Moroni arrived what did he and Pahoran do'' 

A. — They nmrched to the land of Zarahemln. 

Q. — W^hom did they nice ? 

A. — The troops of Pachus. 

Q.— What then ensued? 

A. — A battle, in which the rebels were defeated, Pachus being 
slain. 

Q. — What was done with the priaoneis'' 

A. — They were tried and executed. 

Q. — Having re-established Pahoran, what did Moroni next 
do? 

A. — He sent an arnij- of six thousand men and also provisior.s 
to assist Helaman in maintaining that jiart of the land. 

Q. — When was this? 

A — In the beginning of the thirty-first .year of the reign of the 
judges. 

A.— After semling supplies to Lehi and Teancum, where did 
Moroni and Pahoran go' 

Q.— They led their armies agajist the Lamanites who were in 
Xephiluih. 





TTJVEin^iriLE IIsrSTI^TJOTOK>. 



S51 




I iT "VT I T J^ T I O n^ TO ISr .A_ T TJ K. E . 



1st tiuie pJ, 2ucl time/. 



Arranged for tlie Juvenile I.vsTRrcTdR b.v E. Beeslej-. 












lii 






1. Come! roaiu the woods with me! Blithe, gay and happy he, Read Nature true and free, A - 






=^E^^EE3rq33H5sE 






S,—alr-'-^—] — <^ — » — a^ 1 — IS — gt-.>'--| — S — g--^-" 



r^^:^^ 






2. Hark! hear the music rave, Bird^ sinar in upjier air! Throw off vour weiojit of care, And 

a--* -1 ^ 1 ^ ■ — n ■" . — -» — •*- 









ia»- 






• ^ 






^ 1 — -1 •}! — ** — ** — *>—--* — ^<»— --, — • — - 



I*- p* ^ -- - 

rise! sing with tuneful glee! See ho'.v the lit - tie 



z€r. 



^§.=-^^ 



-^-j^,s^l£2: 






streamlet plays 

> ? ^ ^ ^ h 

— « — « — •( « 1 m ^v 1 — 



Leaping now fro^i 



:*^:* 



all in the chorus share. Come! let us raise our 






voices high. 






N J 






ii 












Swelling songs of 



:3g— r— r- 



-t< — »i- 



-*^:«i 



stone to .stone; Mark, ho>v th^ Sun's en - livening rays Briehteu Autumn's 

f ^ 1 ^ § § N _N ^ > - > 






qvzi:->=:=l= 



gi w p- 



I 






r*z:i*rr*=:*:zzPz 






m 



-P # — •- 



plaintive tone. 

-a\ « »i — 



gratitude; (llory to Him that doth sup[ilj' 



Kiiidlv all things rich and 






-t: 



m 



-0 — *- 



^ 1^ y, •^ yf- 



rg " Z 



-^ ^ ^--^- 



z^zrs^zz 



z^^.^z=^z 
-^ ^ 1 — 



Tenor Solo. 



:=1- 



Z!:iz 



-^-^- 



IP-S: 



Hi 



l=q 



:7J 



1^ 



^imm^^^m^ 



O'er 

O'er 



loftv 
lofty 



mouu 
moun 



tain; 
tain; 



By 
By 



pearly 
lieaily 



foun - tain; There, where the laughing rill 
foun - tain; Still may we evermore 



— 3—3~3--J-^-3—9—^—3—i^zz^zdzz^—Z—^~^zz^zzd-^zZ'^—i-^^ — 



. La la la la la la la la la la l.i la la la la la la la la la la la 

it=tr:d=E 



zXiztzzzcz-^^-'^.z=:tzE3 -ezz ezz^ -i^zz^=^ -tz:^\zz= ^ zi^^z^ 






zy^. 



*-d3E:^^3E^^^H:iz^^: 



zji^z-i-^. 



:=Si:^^-Fd- 



i@i^^lill?gii^ 



*-' Biddeth man to drink at will, to drink at will. Where - ever we may wander, We'll ne-ver cease to 

Gather a sweet, en - du - ring store, en - during store. 




la la , la la la la la la la la la La la la la la la la la la la la la 

zit!^::zk=:oozjm-w^ryz.'0,-'i,-i^^ 

'I'^'Ez^'EE^'^'E^'^t.'Ezt.'^^^ 



\ I 




J-U^ElISriI-.E IITSTI^TJGTOK.. 



loving kindness, As 






heal-eth our bliudiiess Till we re-joice in light. 






a la 



la la la la 

-tf — Iff 1 — t9^tfi- 



la la 



la la la. 






TJisriDj^^r L E s s o nsr s 

FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



irij]!i|^al jjos^lrg 



0!f THE UrST.)P.Y OK .JOSKl'II .SMITH, THK. Pr.OmiKT. — LE.SSON XX. 



THIS LIJ^K.. 



A. 

Q.- 

A. 
Q.- 
A. 
Q.- 
A. 
Q. 

A. 
Q.- 
A. 

y- 

A. 
Q. 
A. 

Q 

rriti 
A. 

y.- 

A. 

Q. 

A 

<^- 

A. 



Di'i the L.ii-.l tlifi; oniunt for Mtvrtin IlKrrU to take thenif 

-No. 

-Wlien i\\\ dip Lord sny ln' rouM liiivo thetn? 

-Not until .Joseph luul .-i.-k'nl liini the third time. 

In what waj- did Ji seph eii'iuiro of the Li.)rd7 

-Throu[;li the Urim ■\n(\ Thiiinmini. 

On what conditions wa,* he to have thoin'' 

-That he should show them only to live persons. 

-Who were thoi'.' 
— His wife, his jiarent.s, bis brother and his wife's »iste<'. 

Did Martin Harris bind hijnself to those conditions,' 

-^'es, in a most solcrn7i promise. 

■Did he keep his promise? 

-No, ho broke it and lost the writings. 

-While Martin Hari-is was gone whore did Joseph go? 
— He went to visit his father's family at Manchester. 

How did the Lord luel ahout Martin Harris having 
ngs? 
— He was displeased. 

Who with.' 

-.Joseph .Smith. 
— Wnat for' 

— For leasing the Lord so much about them. 
What el.vj did the Lord do? 
H:; rebukeii Joseph fur di-oHedieneu. 

E 2Sr Z C3- IvE J^ . 



BT nuQii Kyouan 



the 



Sep that boy witli eye cast down, 
On his forehead a dark frown; 
Cannot in your face straight look; 
Fumbling with hi.s dog-eared book! 
Shunned by playmates as they pass; 
Stands the bottom of his class; 
No kind word to him addressed. 
W)iy is he not with the rest? 
Shall I tell the reason why? 
That's the boy who told a liel 

No one can believe him now, 
Though he makes most solemn vow. 
Always doubted none him trust. 
Do you think that this is just? 
Tes! For God distinctly states 
That a liar He most haters. 
Cliildren then ne'er you begin, — 
E'en to ipiihble is a sin — 
Soeak the truth what o'er befall. 
Thougli you Inso your all in alt. 
If perhaps you may be blamo<i, 
Know that truth cannot bo shamed. 



Itr (I.VMM.V. 



I am a word of letter.; 7, and we, 
As Words, may be divided into <5. 
My 1, 2 i.< a jyrononn masculinol 
My I, 2, 3 a pronoun feminine! 
My 1, 2, 3, 4 means a man of fame: 
But every boy should merit such a name. 
My whole each lady reader ought to bel 
And every girl should be one in degree. 



Prrsident Por.TER, of Yalo College, rcJontly eavo 
lowing laconic and excellent advice to the students 
eoureoofau extended address. ''Don'tdrink. Don't 
Don't swear. Don't deceive. Don't read noveLs. 
marry until jon can support a wife. Be earnest, 
reliant^ Be generou.s. Be civil. Head the papers, 
tise your business. Make money, and do goo<l with-it 
God and your fellow-men. " 



the fol- 
in the 

smoke ^ 
Don't 

Be^lf- 

Adrer- 
Loro 




Wk have received from Kllen Catharine Mad.sen, Epbniim, 
the following answer to the Enigma published in No. V): 
Cares is a noun of plural number, 
A toe to peace and quiet slumber; 
Now, any other name you take. 
By adding "s"' you plural make; 
liut if to this you add an "s" 
'Ti.^ C-\iiKS no longer, but caress. 
IMural is plural now no more, 
And sweet what bitter was before, 



I* Published in Salt I^ake City, Utah Territory, 
BVKKY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O. CANNON, EDITOR A PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Singh Copy, par Annum — — $2 00. 

.^«~Office, South Temple Street, one block weat of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"iiDiToa Juvenile Instbuotob." 




