
"BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING 6 
GET UNDERSTANDING." 



THERE IS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 15, 1867. 



NO. 2. 



zrtjth: 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



Our story commences at the gate of the city of Bethlehem 
in Judea, one beautiful bright morning at harvest time. It is 
many hundred years ago, when the Judges ruled over Israel. 
An elder of the city, named Boaz, has there stopped one of his 
nearest relations, to talk to him on a subject of importance to 
them both. He has also called several other elders to listen to 
what is said and to be judges in the matter between them. For 
it was the custom in those days for the elders to sit at the gates 
of the cities of Israel, to decide differences amongst the people, 
to hear complaints or to 
explain the law. 

Let us listen to what 
Boaz is saying, and 
though we will not give 
his exact language we 
will convey his ideas to 
you. It is easily to be 
seen he is much inter- 
ested in the subject 
about which he his talk- 
ing. "You will remem- 
ber, ' ' he commences 
"the days when there 
was a famine in the 
land, that our kinsman 
Elinielech, fearing that 
his family would want 
for bread, took his wife 
and two sons to the land 
of Moab. There they 
dwelt for many years, 
and his sons took each 
a wife from the daugh- 
ters of that land. After 
a while Eliinelcch died, 

and, soon after, both his sons were carried to the grave also. 
Naomi, his wife, was now left alone, without husband or sons 
to comfort her old age, with no tic to keep her m a land of 
strangers, so she has returned a childless widow to the house of 
her kindred and the home of her youth. She is, however, not 
quite alone, for the wife of one of her sons, named Ruth, lias 
not left her in all her misfortunes. It is of her I wish to speak. 
When Naomi left the land of Moab she urged both her sons' 
wives to return to their fathers' houses, as they hail nothing to 
induce them to leave their native land to come with her into 
Judea. After much persuasion one did return home. The 
other, deaf to all her entreaties, would not forsake her. 'En-, 




treat me not, mother' were her words, 'to leave thee, or to 
return from following after theo: for whither thou goest, I will 
go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge; thy people shall be 
my people, and thy God my God, where thou diest, I will die, 
and there will I be buried. ' She is here in our midst now, a 
stranger and unprotected. 

"One day, a little while ago, I noticed the damsel gleaning 
in my field. Not knowing her, I asked the overseer of my 
harvesters regarding her. On being told, I commanded my 
young men to let her glean among the sheaves and to rebuke 
her not; to let her drink of the water they drew from the well 
when she was thirsty, and to suffer her to eat with my hand- 
maidens when she 
hungered. From then 
until now she has stay- 
ed with my maidens and 
gleaned in my fields. 
Now, my kinsman, you 
are the nearest kin to 
the husband of Ruth 
and the house of Eli- 
nielech, will you pur- 
chase of Naomi the in- 
heritance of her hus- 
band and sons. If you 
will not redeem it, then 
tell me that I may 
know, for I am next of 
kin to you." 

When the kinsman 
heard about the inherit- 
ance, he said to Boaz: 
"I will redeem it." 
"But," said Boaz to 
him, "you know the 
law of Moses: that 
when any man dies in 
Israel without leaving 
any children his nearest relative shall marry the widow, and if 
they have any sons and daughters they shall be considered as 
belonging to the dead husband, and be called by his name. 
Now, if you buy the inheritance, you must also take Ruth, the 
wife of the dead, to raise up the name of the dead upon the 
inheritance; if you do the one you must the other. If, how- 
ever, you will not fulfil jour part, I have promised Kuthto take 
her as my wife." Such are the ideas conveyed by Boaz, though 
the language is somewhat different 

• Let us hear the kinsman's excuse when he found that if he 
took the inheritance, he would have to take the widow as his 
wife: "I cannot redeem it for myself, lest I mar mine own 



h&& 





J" TJ "V EJ IT I L IE I1TSTRUCTOR. 



C*> 



inheritance: redeem thou my right; fori cannot redeem it." 
The inheritance he would have liked very well, hut he thought 
that if he had to take the widow too, it was not worth having. 
She was a burden that he was quite willing to transfer to Boaz. 

Then Boaz, calling to the elders and the people who were 
standing around, says: ''You are witnesses of what has been 
said, and that my kinsman has given up his privileges to me;" 
and they reply: "we are witnesses." So Boaz took Bnth to 
be his wife, according to the law of the Lord, though no doubt 
he had wives of his own, being a man of much influence and 
riches amongst the people. Then the Lord blessed them, and 
Ruth became mother of a son, whom they called Obed. Now 
Obed was the father of Jesse, who was the father of King 
David. The Lord thus giving them a race of kings for then' 
posterity, and above all the King of Kings, our Redeemer 
came through the lineage of Boaz and Ruth. 

How much that kinsman lost by giving away his right and 
letting another fulfil his part! He was fearful for some reason 
to fulfil the law of God. Perhaps he did not want to take 
another wife, as the children of the marriage would not be 
counted his own, and, therefore, shirked his responsibility, and 
let the next relative take it, who by thus fulfilling the law has 
made his name honorable through all generations. While the 
constancy and devotedness of Ruth to her husband's mother. 
Naomi, brought upon her the approval of God and rendered her 
an example of womanly virtues and a pattern for all to follow. 



ormott 



S 



19 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 

HAGOTH, T1IE SHIP-BUILDER— GADIANTON AND HIS BAND- 
WICKEDNESS OP PEOPLE. 




AFTER the death of the good Helaman, Shiblon, also a 
righteous man, took care of the plates and sacred things 
which had been handed down from the time Lehi left Jerusa- 
lem. Moroni, also, died shortly after Helaman. 

About this time a large company, consisting of several thou- 
sand men, women and children, left the land of Zarahemla, 
where the Nephites lived, and went a long way off to the north 
to make a new home where they might live in peace away from 
the Lamanites. But we shall see that there is no safety for any 
person, or people, except in keeping the commandments of the 
Lord, and He can protect us, if we love and trust in him, even 
in the midst of our enemies. Several other companies started 
north after this, and one man, named Hagoth, built some large 
ships in which he and a great many people sailed away to 
the north and were never heard of any more. Another ship, 
full of people, also sailed away the same year, but no one knew 
where this or the others went to. Probably one or more of them 
found and settled the Sandwich Islands, or some of the other 
little islands that abound in the Pacific Ocean. 

Shiblon. finding that he was growing old and about to die, 
conferred the sacred things upon young Helaman. . The Chief 
Judge, Pahoran, also died soon after, and a contention arose 
between the three sons, Pahoran, Paanchi and Pacumcni, and 
the people, as to which should succeed their father. The ma- 
jority of the people chose Pahoran, the eldest brother. When 
the wicked Paanchi learned this, he tried to raise a rebellion 
against his brother, but was taken prisoner, tried, ami sentence"d 
to death. Some of Paanchi's friends were very angry about it, 
and they hired a very wicked man, named Kishkumcn, to go 



and murder Pahoran. After the death of Pahoran, the people 
chose his brother Pacumeni to be their Chief Judge; but he did 
not govern long, for the Lamanites again made war upon the 
Nephites, and a Lamanite general named Coriantumr slew 
Pacumeni. Some terrible battles then ensued, in which thou- 
sands of men, women and children were slain, but by the bless- 
ing of the Lord, Moronihah finally succeeded in killing Corian- 
tumr and driving the Lamanites out of the land. 

Helaman was now chosen to be Chief Judge over the 
Nephites. Kishkumen, who killed Pahoran, tried to murder 
Helaman also; but one of the latter' s friends discovered the 
plot and killed this murderer to save the life of Helaman. 
There was a very wicked and crafty man, however, named 
Gadianton, the leader of Kishkumen' s band, who had estab- 
lished many secret signs and oaths among his men to bind them 
together, and when he heard of the death of Kishkumen 
he and his followers fled out of the country, so that the govern- 
ment could not take and punish them, and they afterwards 
were the cause of a great deal of trouble and bloodshed. 

Luring Hclaman's reign a great many people went away into 
the north to live, into the country now called the United States 
of America. There was also a great deal of trouble and conten- 
tion among the Nephites during a portion of his reign, but he 
was firm in doing right, serving the Lord, and maintaining the 
constitution of his country, inviolate. He also had the pleasure 
of seeing many thousands join the Church while he lived; but 
after his death even they began to be proud and vain, envious 
and contentious, and instead of constantly remembering the 
Lord who had so greatly prospered and blessed them and being 
increasingly grateful to Him, the rich began to persecute the 
poor, aud they indulged in wicked practices until the Spirit of 
the Lord was grieved away from them, quarrels, dissensions 
and bloodshed ensued among them and, as usual, the rebellious 
ones apostatized aud went over to the Lamanites. 

Helaman had two sons, whom he named Nephi and Lehi. 
Nephi succeeded his father in the judgment seat. The Laman- 
ites again made war upon the Nephites, and for some years 
there was continual distress, war and bloodshed in the land. 
The majority of the Nephites had become so wicked that the 
power of God was no longer with them, and the Lamanites beat 
them aud took a great many of their cities from them which 
they had built in the land of Zarahemla. Nephi and Lehi, and 
Moronihah, the general of their armies, preached and labored 
with the people, exhorting them to repent, so that the Lord 
might deliver them out of the hands of their enemies; but the 
most of them were too hard-hearted and corrupt to believe and 
obey the words of the servants of God. Nephi was so grieved 
because of the wickedness of the Nephites that he determined 
to resign his position as Chief Judge, and, with his brother 
Lehi, to devote the remainder of his life to preaching the word 
of God. We shall see, in our next, how greatly he and his 
brother were blessed in their labors, and can see how much good 
one or two faithful men can do when the Spirit of the Lord is 
with them. 



4 FRAH) IN THE DARK.— All day a little boy had gone 
XX singing and dancing through the house as light-hearted 
and happy as a bird. But, when night came, like many other 
children, he was afraid in the dark. 

"Willy," said his mother, who sat sewing by the gas lamp, 
"go oyer to my room and get the needle book that lies on my 
bureau." 

But Willy did not stir. 

"Go, my son." And his mother spoke in a firm voice. 

"I'm afraid," said Willy. 

"Afraid of what?" 



.^es> 



— 



SQT 



J" "IT "V IE IsT I I_, IE INSTRUCTOB 



"It's dark over there." 

"What is dark?" asked Willy's mother. "Nothing but a 
shadow. See!" and she put her hand between the gas lamp 
and a small work basket on the table. "Nots it is dark in the 
basket, and now," removing her hand, "it is light. Look at 
this ball. We will call it the earth. On the side toward the 
lamp it is bright; but as I turn the ball, the bright or daylight 
side, goes away from the lamp. It is in shadow now; or in its 
night time. Just as I turn this ball, the earth on which we 
live keeps turning all the while. Now we are on the side away 
from the sun, or iu the great shadow which the earth makes, in 
the same way that this ball makes a shadow when I hold it up 
before the gas lamp; and we say it is night. In the morning 
we will turn to the sun again, and then it will be day. So you 
see that the dark is only a shadow; and I don't see anything in 
a shadow to make any one afraid. Do you? If anybody were 
to say that my Willy was afraid of a shadow, I hardly think he 
would feel complimented. " 



Wntn f^ottt Mtiimt, 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 
EARTHQUAKES. 



?y. 



WHEN the poets have exhausted almost every conceivable 
form of language to picture out the beauties of the 
evening red, or have dwelt on the grandeur of a thunder-stomi, 
or have described with great success the terrors of a hurricane 
at sea, none has ventured yet, to my knowledge, to touch 
a phenomenon which surpasses them all in extent of horror and 
destructiveness — the earthquake; leaving to the philosopher or 
the eye-witness and historian to tell and explain what they can 
of it; for who ever himself has experienced this "quaking 
of the earth and the heart" certainly never needs a piece of 
poetry to awaken in him a sense of the awfulness of its nature, 
and to those who never witnessed or felt it, as probably all of 
my young readers never have, a plain description of it will 
be far more welcome. 

When we are on board a ship at sea, as inconvenient as 
the motion of the ship may be in the beginning to the traveler, 
he finds nothing unnatural iu it, and the usual amount of sea- 
sickness passed, he becomes even accustomed to it, and many a 
joke on account of it seasons the monotony of the voyage. 
Not so with an earthquake. The ground you walk upon, which 
you from childhood up have considered as the firm foundation 
upon which everything is built, the houses, the gardens, and 
the mountains, that very ground begins to move up and down, 
and you may see undulating waves gliding along the plain 
as though the earth were water. A long straight line of trees 
and houses begins to move like a snake, and deep chasms open 
before you such as you see on bursting ice: houses totter and 
crumble to pieces in a second, as if built of cards by the hand 
of a child, and a rolling and rumbling noise is going, on beneath 
your feet like a heavy thunder-storm in the ground. Iu vain 
you endeavor to find a firm foothold, everywhere the earth 
is shaking and quaking. Von cannot flee to the mountains, for 

they may burst any minute and swallow up their tops Or throw 

them down into the valley burying everything beneath them. 
You cannot flee to the plain, for it is in <■■ niiiiini i-jn too. The 
fowls of the air flutter about in fright, and the horse trembles 
with terror in every limb, and the people, rushing oul of their 
houi es, give fhemselvee up to the manifestations of de-pair and 




helplessness. Perhaps, however, it will pass over; you may 
have heard only the footsteps of the destroyer passing by, and 
the earthquake is as suddenly gone as it came. Perhaps, 
it may only re-vibrate in smaller and fainter shocks until 
it finally dies away without any more damage. Perhaps, on the 
other hand, it may, the next minute, bring death and destruc- 
tion to thousands of people; may bury in their own ruins 
cities, towns and villages; may sink beneath the waves of the 
sea a whole landscape or open a new volcano in the midst of a 
populous district. This is an earthquake. 

Through many and successive observations three different 
kinds of earthquakes have thus far been distinguished; the per- 
pendicular motion, the undulating one, and the circular, which 
latter is the most daugerous and destructive. The perpendicu- 
lar motion is always confiued to a very small district, often no 
more than some hundreds of yards in circumference, and is a 
shock apparently in a perpendicular direction from the interior 
of the earth to the surface; but of such violence that objects 
within its reach are thrown high up into the air, as for instance, 
on the island of Malta a flagstaff was thrown up clear out of the 
ground and shattered to pieces. The undulating motion is the 
most harmless, consisting in a waving of the ground, sometimes 
gentle, sometimes however in shocks, and then more injurious, 
in a certain direction, and besides cracking here and there the 
wall of a house, rattling the doors and windows, moving off the 
furniture in the rooms, and causing mirrors and pictures to 
swing on the walls, doing no further damage. This kind 
of earthquake is the most common on the western slope of the 
American continent and on the eastern shores of Asia. But 
the circular motion, which arises, probably, from a combination 
of the two first mentioned and the undulations of the second 
crossing one another, is the source of those many and fearful 
calamities, which, as in the case of Lisbon in the last century, 
and of Caracas in South America in the year 1S12, will probably 
remain unforgotten in the history of man. 

There is one consolation, however, in the fact which science 
has proved to some extent at least — that earthquakes are con- 
fined to a kind of belt running around the earth, leaving large 
sections of the habitable globe entirely free, as for instance, the 
greater portion of the United States, the whole of northern 
Europe, the middle of Asia, the whole southern half of Africa 
and also the most of the islands in the Pacific Ocean. 

If ruy young readers woidd ask me the question, what are 
the causes of earthquakes? I freely admit that I do not know, 
save that electricity, as in thunder-storms, has much to do with 
it; but as neither I, nor anybody else knows what the nature of 
electricity is, we must leave it in the hands of Him, who calls 
earthquakes forth and uses them for his purposes, which are 
wise and good, although we may not always see their motive 
and aim. By this powerful agent lie raised mountains out of 
the plains, and changed the laud of Zion in days gone by, as 
the Book of Mormon tells you; by it lie may change again the 
continents on the face of the earth according to His plan, and 
with it lie will warn the nations of the approaching day of His 
coming, when very likely it again will be employed to open the 
bowels of the earth for those who are sleeping to come forth, 
the wicked to judgment, the righteous to receive their reward 
and the Saints to assume their inheritances upon a new and 
glorified earth. K. G. M. 



If one offend you, before 1 answering, call to mind this golden 
sentence: "A soft answer turneth away wrath, bul grievous 
woids stir up anger," and you will iave yourselves horn's of 
regret and repentance. 

The error of a moment is often the sorrow of a whole life. 



■ie^d 



12 



0~ TJ V IE IN" I Xj E UsTSTBTJOTOB 




Me Suficttite fttsftmcfotu 



GEORGE Q. C-AJNNCKN 1 , : EDITOR. 

JANUARY 15, 1867. 

editorial tzkottgkhits.. 




LESSED are the peace-makers; for they 
shall be called the children of God. These 
were the words of the Lord Jesus to the 
people when he was upon the earth. These 
words should never be forgotten by our 
Juveniles; but should be treasured up in 
their hearts as long as they live. If they 
will act upon them, they will not only be 
blessed themselves, but prove a blessing to 
with whom they may associate. How delight- 
the presence and society of the boy or girl 
i makes peace, who when others are disposed 
quarrel, says kind words and has pleasant 
and by soft answers turns away wrath! 
The amount of good that one such boy or girl accom- 
plishes among his or her associates would surprise our 
little readers if they could see it all. Wherever such 
children go, their influence is felt. If they see 
trouble and bad feelings among their playmates, they 
do their best to remove them, and to have a peaceful reconcili- 
ation. We are pleased to know that there are many such boys 
and girls among our people in these mountains, and we hope 
that the class will increase. We need such boys and girls; 
because, after awhile, they will grow up to be peace-making 
men and women. The world has been quarreling long enough. 
We now want peace; at least in Zion. 

Quarrelsome boys and girls annoy every person who has any- 
thing to do with them. They are unhappy themselves, and they 
are apt to make others feel unpleasant. Instead of trying to stop 
a quarrel among their schoolmates, they try and encourage it; 
and if such boys can urge on two other boys to fight, they are 
in great glee over it. To have a fight is capital sport for them, 
especially if they have nothing to do but look on. Such boys 
and girls are likely to make very disagreeable, good-for-nothing 
men and women. They are like the hedge hog, their quills are 
always sticking out. 

Some children, and grown up people too, have an idea that 
they must stand up for their rights, even if they have to quar- 
rel and fight for them. They frequently mistake a peaceable 
disposition for cowardice, and a quarrelsome, righting manner 
for independence. We hope our Juveniles will not be 
deceived by such ideas, for they are wrong. A brave, wise boy 
will submit for a good while before he will contend or fight. 
The bravest men we have ever known have been the most 
peaceable. 

Let our little readers remember, that if they would be called 
the children of God, they must be peace-makers; and if their 
brothers or sisters, or playmates lose their temper, and feel like 
contending or quarrelling, instead of joining with them and 
making the matter worse, they should say pleasant, kind words 
to them, and fay and calm them and preserve peace. 




ftar" We have a few sets of Volume One of the Instructor 
on hand, which those wishing to purchase can have by applying 
at tin-, office. 



MERRILY have the sleigh bells jingled through our street thi« 
winter. The horses have seemed to enter as heartily into 
the sport of sleighing as their owners. Though disagreeable 
in some respects, still winter is not without its charms. Young 
and old enjoy themselves in social intercourse to an extent that 
the pressure of business at other seasons does not admit 
of. The boys especially have fine fun in winter with their sleds 
and skates. Cold weather is not terrible to those who have 
plenty of good food, warm clothing and comfortable houses, 
with no lack of fuel to warm them. But to those who are not 
so comfortably situated, and who may be destitute, it is a 
season to be dreaded. How bitterly do such poor ones feel the 
cold! "How cold! how cold!" is their cry. The winds are 
cold, the earth is cold, the sky looks cold. Our mountains, 
which proudly tower around, and which in their garments of 
virgin snow look so gloriously grand to those who are well fed 
and comfortably housed, have a chilling, repellent look to the 
poor. They see no beauty in the wintry landscape. The frosted 
trees and falling snow have no charms for them. In their eyes 
all nature looks dreary and forlorn. 

Now is the time for our Juveniles, who have all the 
comforts they need, to think of the poor who may be around 
them. Our poor people are very few. Food is plentiful and 
easily procured, clothing is not so scarce as it was when we first 
came here; but still there may be some who are not so comfort- 
able as they might be. When our little readers, who have 
plenty of good things, are enjoying them, let their hearts 
be filled with thankfulness to God for His goodness, and if they 
know of any who are destitute, let them try and show their 
gratitude to Him by assisting some of His children. 

We would get very tired of winter if it were as long here as 
it is in some countries to the north of us. But the reign of the 
Ice King in our land is not very long. Already the sun's rays 
are gaining strength and power, and earth's day of freedom 
from the bondage of frost is surely approaching. Even now 
the little fibers of the grass, the flowers and the trees, are 
making merry under ground. The sun has sent his message to 
them, and thay are awaiting with delight the deliverance which 
he promises. 

THE promptness with which many of our agents and friends 
have forwarded their own and others' names as subscribers 
for the Juvenile Instructor, is an evidence of the kind 
interest which they feel in its success. We thank them for their 
diligence in this matter, and we take this occasion to say that 
we hope those who have not sent us their lists of names, 
will please forward them at as early a date as possible. There 
are several wards in this city from which we have had no names 
handed in. This, we feel assured, arises from neglect and not 
a lack of appreciation of the paper. There is no necessity for 
our sisters being backward in collecting names of subscribers. 
There is nothing indelicate in the labor. In one of the wards of 
this city a sister acts as agent, and though not one of the most 
populous, through her energy we have more subscribers in that 
ward than any other in the city. 



Brother JonN M. Horner, writes from Mission San Jose, 

California, as follows: 

"My subscription for the Juvenile Instructor has expired. 
Please renew the same; for, with me, the paper is indispensable. 
The historical portion is worth many times its price. The fact 
is the paper, or rather its contents, are valuable. Concentrated 
facts are not to be met with everywhere, and particularly in 
children's papers, which among the sectarians, are mostly made 
up of fiction. They act upon the principle that truth cannot be 
made interesting enough for children to read; hence, they 
choose fancy stories, made from nothing, containing nothing, 



Or XT V* IE ZtTI IL, IE IUSTBTJCTOB 



13 



and worth nothing after they are made. The Juvenile 
Instructor suits old as well as young. I am pleased with the 
proposed improvement. The only improvement I could wish 
for in the first volume is better paper." 



THE 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

a AIR, .a.v A. IsT . 



ACAKAVAN is a company of merchants or pilgrims, or of 
both, who join together for the purpose of traveling in 
greater security. In some parts of western Asia there are great 
deserts, which have to be crossed in going from one place to 
another, and it is necessary that travelers should go in large 
companies while crossing them, to be the better able to protect 
themselves from the wild beasts and bands of Arab robbers which 
infest those regions, and are too numerous for solitary travel- 
ers, or even small companies, to encounter. 

The pilgrims who make by far the largest caravans at times, 
are people who believe that 
Mahommed was a prophet, 
and go from distant places 
to worship at his tomb in 
Meccah, a city of Arabia. 
Four of these great caravans 
start every year for Meccah 
from different points. One 
from Cairo, in Egypt, which 
consists of Mahommedans 
from Barbary in North Af- 
rica. One from Damascus, 
in Syria, which is composed 
of Turks. One from Baby- 
lon, in Persia, for Persians. 
And one from Zibith, at the 
mouth of the lied Sea, 
where pilgrims from India 
and some parts of Arabia 
meet together to organize. 
These caravans mostly travel 
by night in the hot weather, 
and rest during the day 
time. There are at times 
some thousands of people in 
a caravan; some ride on 
camels; some are borne in 
litters on the backs of 

camels or mules; some nde "•'•/•/' 

on asses; some of the poor 
among the pilgrims go on 

foot; while the soldiers who always accompany these large cara- 
vans to protect them, are mounted on horses. 

It must be a beautiful and imposing sight to watch a caravan 
on the march from a distance, as it threads its way perhaps 
down Borne defile in the mountains, like the one in our illustra- 
tion, with the many colored dresses, the rich costumes of the 
wealthy, the constant tinkling of the bells fastened to the mules, 
and the wild looking horsemen, such as those who are seen in 
the front. You can see these rude soldiers behind pushing on 
their animals, to be with the others in front. Sometimes they 
arc not mi anxious to be ahead, when the Bedouin robbers 
gather in force OD some high cliffs, while the caravan is pas.-iug 
through a narrow defile among rocky mountains. 

As u instance of the manner in which they arc sometimes 
attacked, a large caravan was passing through a mountain gorge 

going to Medina, the birth-place of .Mahoini 1, when at day 

dawn thin, blue curls of smoke were seen on a high precipitous 
cliff on their right, and the loud, sharp crack of the robber's 



guns were heard, without any previous warning. Away up 
among the rocks they fired down upon the travelers killing 
some of them; but they were not strong enough to conquer and 
rob them. 

But caravans have other things to dread besides robbers and 
wild beasts. A deadly wind blows over those deserts, called the 
simoom, which is often very fatal. Sometimes whole caravans 
have thus perished, and their bones have been left to bleach on 
the burning sands, or buried tinder them. Sometimes, too, 
these hot winds dry up the water which they have for use cros- 
sing the deserts, carried in skins, and the sufferings from thirst 
are terrible. 

A writer named Savary, thus speaks of a deadly wind of this 
kind: "Sometimes it appears only in the shape of an impetu- 
ous whirlwind which passes rapidly, and is fatal to the traveler 
surprised in the middle of the deserts. Torrents of burning 
sand roll before it, the firmament is enveloped in a thick veil, 
and the sun appears of the color of blood. Sometimes whole 

caravans are buried in it." 
But if travelers in cara- 
vans are liable to meet such 
disasters, they also enjoy 
many pleasant times on their 
journey. How pleasant it 
must be, after the perils of 
the desert are past, to camp 
by some gushing fountain of 
pure water, surrounded by 
the spreading palm and 
other eastern trees, and en- 
joy the rest so much desired 
and so delightful when it is 
obtained! Besides, on the 
march, as they thread their 
way over lovely plains, 
adorned with the beauties of 
nature, the merry sounds 
which salute the ear make 
the march lightsome and 
cheerful, while the camels 
step lightly along, their dri- 
vers often singing and mak- 
ing music for them, which 
they seem to well under- 
stand. Of this another 
writer has said: "The came - 
driver follows the camels, 
■— - - ~~ singing, and sometimes play- 
ing upon his pipe; the 
louder he sings and pipes, the faster the camels go. Nay, they 
will stand still when he gives over his music." Of course he 
drives them on when they stop, unless he wishes to stop himself. 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 

VISIOIT. 



I PROMISED my young friends, the readers of the .Trvi'.- 
NII.i: [N8XETJOTOR, that 1 would give them some extracts 
from my journal. I will give a short account of some events of 

my child] 1 and youth. I spent the fir.-t yean of my life under 

the influence of what history has called the "Blue Laws" of 
Connecticut No man, boy. or child of any age was permitted 
to play, or do any work from sunset Saturday night, until Sunday 

night After sunset, me ighl work, and hoys migl 

shout, and play as mnoh as they pleased. 
very Btriol with us on Saturday night, and a 



>e> 



1&»2- 



poys might jump, 2 1/ 
Our parents were VN\ 
ill day Sunday we R -J 




0~ TT ^T DE IsT I IE. IE INSTRUCTOR 



4 



■c< 



Lad to sit very still and say over the Presbyterian catechism 
and some passages in the Bible. The people of Connecticut in 
those days thought it wicked to believe in any religion, or belong 
to any church, except the Presbyterian. They did not believe 
in having any prophets, apostles, or revelations, as they had in 
the days of Jesus, and as we now have in the church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints. 

There was one aged man in Connecticut, however, by the 
name of Robert Mason, who did not believe like the rest of the 
people. He believed it was necessary to have prophets, apostles, 
dreams, visions and revelations in the church of Christ the same 
as they had who lived in ancient days; and he believed the 
Lord would raise up a people and a church, in the last days, 
with prophets, apostles and all the gifts, power and bles- 
sings, which it ever contained in any age of the world. The 
people called this man, the old prophet Mason. He frequently 
came to my father's house when I was a boy, and taught me 
and my brothers those principles; and I believed them. This 
prophet prayed a great deal, and he had dreams and visions, 
and the Lord showed him many things,, by visions, which were 
to come to pass in the last days. 

I will here relate one vision, which he related to me. The 
last time I ever saw him, he said: "I was laboring in my field 
at mid-day when I was enwrapped in a vision. I was placed in 
the midst of a vast forest of fruit trees; I was veiy hungry, and 
walked a long way through the orchard searching for fruit to 
eat; but I could not find any in the whole orchard, and I wept 
because I could find no fruit. While I stood gazing at the 
orchard, and wondering why there was no fruit, the trees began 
to fall to the ground upon every side of me, until there was not 
one tree left standing in the whole orchard; and while I was 
marveling at the scene, I saw young sprouts start up from the 
roots of the trees which had fallen, and they opened into young 
thrifty trees before my eyes. They budded, blossomed, and 
bore fruit until the trees were loaded with the finest fruit I ever 
beheld, and I rejoiced to see so much fine fruit. I stepped up 
to a tree and picked my hands full of fruit, and I marvelled at 
its beauty, and as I was about to taste of it, the vision closed, and 
I found myself in the field in the same place I was at the com- 
mencement of the vision. 

"I then knelt down upon the ground, and prayed unto the 
Lord, and asked him, in the name of Jesus Christ, to show me 
the meaning of the vision. The Lord said unto me: this is the 
interpretation of the vision; the great trees of the forest repre- 
sent the generation of men in which you live. There is no 
church of Christ, or kingdom of God upon the earth in your 
generation; there is no fruit of the church of Christ upon the 
earth; there is no man ordained of God to administer in any of 
the ordinances of the gospel of salvation upon the earth in this 
day and generation. But. in the next generation, 1 the Lord 
will set up my kingdom aud my church upon the earth, and the 
fruits of the kingdom and church of Christ, such as have follow- 
ed the propnets, apostles and saints in every dispensation, shall 
again be found in all then fulness upon the earth. You will 
live to see the day, and handle the fruit; but will never partake 
of it in the flesh." 

When the old prophet had finished relating the vision and 
interpretation, he said to me, culling me by my christian name: 
"I shall never partake of this fruit in the flesh; but you will, 
and you will become a conspicuous actor in that kingdom;" 
and then turned and left me, these being the last words he ever 
spoke to me on earth. 

This was a very striking circumstance, as I had spent my 
hour- and days, during twenty years, with this old Father 
Mason, and he had never named this vision before to me. But 
at the beginning of this last conversation, he told me that he felt 
impelled by the spirit of the Lord to relate it to me. He had 



this vision about .A D. 1800, and he related it to me in 1830— 
the same spring that this church was organized. This vision, 
with his other teaching to me, made a great impression upon 
my mind, and I prayed a great deal to the Lord to lead me by 
his spirit, and prepare me for his ehurch when it did come. 

In 1832, I left Connecticut, and traveled with my eldest 
brother to Oswego county, New York; and in the winter of 
1833, I saw, for the first time in my life, an elder of the church 
of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He preached in a school 
house near where I lived. I attended the meeting, and 
the Spirit of the Lord bore record to me that what I heard was 
true. I invited the elder to my house, aud next day, I with my 
oldest brother went down into the water and was baptized. We 
were the two first baptized in Oswego county, New York. 
When I was baptized, I thought of what the old prophet had 
said to me. 

In the spring of 1834, I went to Kirtlaud, saw the Prophet 
Joseph Smith, and went with him and with more than two 
hundred others in Zion's Camp up to Missouri. When I 
arrived at my journey's end, I took the first opportunity aud 
wrote a long letter to Father Mason, and told him I had found 
the church of Christ that he had told me about. I told him 
about its organization and the coming forth of the Book of 
Mormon; that the church had prophets, apostles and all the 
gifts and blessings in it, and that the true fruit of the kingdom 
and church of Christ were manifest among the Saints as the 
Lord had shown him in his vision. He received my letter, and 
read it over many times, and handled it as he had handled the 
fruit in the vision; but he was very aged, and soon died. He 
did not live to see any elder to administer the ordinances of the 
gospel unto him. The first opportunity I had, after the doctrine 
of baptism for the dead was revealed, I went forth and was 
baptized for him; he was a good man and a true prophet, for 
his prophecies have been fulfilled. W. W. 



A WORD TO LITTLE GIRLS.— Who is lovely? It is the 
IX. girl who drops sweet words and gives pleasant smiles as 
she passes along; who has something kind to say to every one 
she meets in trouble, and a helping hand to every child she 
finds in difficulty. She never scolds, never contends, never 
teases her mother, but always tries to make her happy. Would 
it not please you to pick up strings of pearls, drops of gold, 
diamonds and precious stones as you pass along the street? 
But these are the precious stones that can never be lost. Give 
a friendly hand to the friendless; smile on the sad and dejected; 
speak kindly to these who are in trouble; try always to spread 
around you joy and sunshine, and you will drop better than 
pearls and precious stones wherever you go, and many shall be 
glad in finding them. 



LITTLE BY LITTLE.— A boy stood intently watching some 
bricklayers at work. His father noticed him and said, 

'"What are you thinking about, my son? Do you wish to be- 
come a builder of houses?" 

The lad smiled, and then answered, 

"I was thinking what a little thing a brick is, and yet by 
laying bricks side by side, and on top of each other, great 
houses are built." 

"True, my son. And just so it is with all great works. You 
become a scholar by adding one lesson to another. If a man 
weald walk around the world, he must do i( by putting one foot 
before the other. Life is made up of little moments, and the 
ocean of drop aftei drop gathered together. So, never be dis- 
couraged because things look difficult. You cannot jump over 
a mountain, but step by step takes you to the other side." 



il 



ic? 



CT T7 ^T IE 2ST I !_■ IE i^strtjctoe. 



mmwMt 






CTOSEm SMITH, 



. 



TBI IE 




ANY of the events connected with tlie 
preaching of the elders in England are not 
strictly within the limits which we had 
assigned for this biography, still they are 
so interesting and instructive that we can 
not forbear mentioning them. Directly 
after the brethren commenced their labors 
in Preston, Satan began to rage and mani- 
fest his hatred towards them. Elder llus- 
sel had been appointed to preach on 
Sunday in the Market Place. Early in the 
morning of that day he came to the bedside of 
Brothers Kimball and Hyde and besought them 
to rise and pray for him. He was so tormented 
with evil spirits that he felt he could not live 
long unless he should obtain relief. While engaged 
in administering to him, President Kimball was 
struck senseless by some invisible power, and fell to 
the floor. The two brethren prayed in his behalf, 
and while thus engaged, he regained his senses. They laid him 
on the bed; but his distress was so great that he could not 
remain there; he fell on his knees and began to pray. The 
Lord released him from the power of the enemy, and he arose 
and sat on the bed, and the Lord opened his eyes that he could 
see the foul spirits which afflict the children of men. The 
horror and malignity seen upon the faces of those evil spirits, 
as they foamed and gnashed tJieir teeth upon the brethren, 
never could be forgotten by those who saw them. By witnessing 
and experiencing these things, they learned the power of the 
adversary and his enmity against the servants of the Lord, and 
obtained some understanding of the invisible world. Satan' 
saw that his kingdom was in danger, and he, exerted his power 
against the servants of the Lord. Had the Lord permitted, he 
would, doubtless, have destroyed the brethren. 

Luring this same day President Kimball attended to baptiz- 
ing nine persons — being the first persons baptized in Europe in 
this dispensation, Brother Oeorge D. Watt being the first 
individual among them who went down into the water. Sister 
Jennetta Richards, who afterwards became the wife of Presi- 
dent Willard Richards, was the first person confirmed into the 
church in England. After laboring diligently, and witli great 
success, until April 2Dth, ls:;s, Brothers Kimball and Hyde 
sailed from England for 2s'cw York, and reached Kirtlaud on 
May 21st, I -;-. 

We now return to the events which occurred in Kirtland. 
Our little renders will recollect that there was a very bitter 
feeling there among many who professed to be members of tin' 

church. The spirit of apo-tacy prevailed tip a very wide extent. 

Mi n \s1hi ought to have been the warmest friends of Joseph, 
plotted against him. and, to gratify their hatred, they would 
gladly have sacrificed him. On the 27th of .Inly, L837, 

accompanied by Sidney Bigdnn and Thomas I!. Marsh, Joseph 
left Kiilland to visit the Saints iii Canada. President Brighaui 
VoiniL' also started in company with the prophet, he having 
been appointed on a mission to the eastern States, Bro. Brig- 
ham had tor a companion Bro. A. 1'. Bockuood, who was on 
hi- way home to .Ma--eliu-eti-. lb' bad \i-ilod Kirlland for 

the purpose of learning the truth, and had been baptised two 




days previous to his starting homeward. When they reached 
Paiuesville, they were detained all day by then- enemies getting 
up vexatious law suits. At last, when the sun was about set- 
ting, they supposed they were free, and Joseph got into the 
carriage to return home to Kirtland. But, as he did so, the 
sheriff jumped into the carriage, seized the reins and served an- 
other writ upon him. Several months previously a man had 
brought a new fashioned cooking stove to Kirtland. He was 
anxious to get sale for his stoves, and he prevailed on Joseph 
to let this one be put in his kitchen that the people might see 
it tested. It was for the payment of the cost of this stove that 
Joseph was now arrested. The man who had brought the stove 
to his house thought it was a good time to get pay, and had 
sworn out the writ against him. Joseph gave his watch to the 
officer for security, and then they all returned home. 

You can imagine, children, how annoying such things must 
have been to Joseph; but his enemies constantly harrassed 
him in this way. They made him wade through persecutions 
of this kind from the time that he commenced declaring the 
truth until his death. He had no rest from their attacks. 
Yet, withal, he was a happy man, and rejoiced continually in 
the truth. He did not sorrow or mourn because he was called 
to pass through the same tribulation that his master Jesus en- 
dured when he was on the earth. The Lord gave him strength, 
just as he will give you, children, if you put your trust in Him. 

The evening of the next day he and the brethren started 
again on their journey, and traveled all night to Ashtabula, a 
town on the shore of Lake Erie. Here they took a deck 
passage on a steamer to Buffalo. Those were days of poverty, 
and the elders in traveling were glad to obtain any kind of 
conveyance. They did not have money to pay for cabin 
passages and the best accommodations as many of the elders 
have now. Great changes have occurred since those days. 
The Saints have wonderfully increased in wealth, and they can 
spend hundreds and thousands of dollars easier now than they 
could one dollar then. The night the brethren were on 
the steamer they laid down on the upper deck of the boat, and 
for pillows some took their boots and others their valises; but 
they slept sweetly and comfortably; they were at peace with 
God, and His angels watched over them. If the captain 
of that steamer could only have seen them in their true light, 
he would have felt more honored than if the greatest kings or 
emperors on earth had been on board his vessel, and his best 
accommodations would have been pressed upon them. The 
next morning they arrived at Buffalo. Here they separated, 
Brothers Joseph, Sidney EUgdon and Thomas B Marsh going 
to Toronto, Upper Canada, and Brothers Brigham and Bock- 
wood going to the Eastern States. 

Remaining in Canada some weeks Joseph enjoyed himself 
very much. The Saints gladly welcomed him and his compan- 
ions, and treated them with great hospitality and kindness. 
Their faith was strong in the gospel, and they listened to 
his teachings with delight. He visited the various branches of 

the church there — act panied by Elder John Taylor, who had 

been bn|ilized in Canada and was then presiding there — preach- 
ing to, baptizing and blessing the people who would listen to 
Elm and his brethren. About the last of August he returned 
to Kirtland. 



&&* 



Kvkuv Utile floweret, 
Which grow Ing up you see; 

K\ cry little pink shell 

Von' ve gathered from tbeeeaj 
Every little thing that UVea 

In earth, or sea. or air, 
God has lo, and v. atohss oi er, 

With io\ iin.', bender care. 



— 







J- XT ^T E3 H>T I L IE Il^STBUCTOB 



| Uigitmt $oe1U{i. 



OUB 



JTj) - rte Juvenile Instructor. 
DIXIE." 



St, 



How pleasant is our "Dixie'' 
When winter's reign is here! 

The sun is shining cheerily 
When, elsewhere, days are drear. 

The sky above is azure, 
And "birds are flitting round, 

And making nature joyous 
With chirping, rnerry sound. 

The north wind in its fury 
Comes not unto our land 
With bitter blasts that truly 
Bind streams with icy bands. 

O, "Dixie!" pleasant "Dixie!" 
How beautiful art thou, 

The cotton flowers entwining 
With other beauties now! 

And O, there is in "Dixie" 
The grand electric wire, 

With lightning words borne o'er it, 
On wings that never tire. 

And soon I hope that printing 
Will spread the news around: 

May all good gifts and blessings 
Be yet in "Dixie" found. 
Ocorge, January, 1867. 



E. B. S. 



flbrrcsjtott&ettce. 



Great Salt Lake City, Jan. 10th, 1867. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Dear Brother. — While reading in your very useful paper, 
The Juvenile Instructor, instances of the importance and 
necessitv of prayer, my mind was led to reflect on an instance 
in my own experience," illustrating the efficacy of prayer, which 
may perhaps be of interest to some of your readers. 

When about twelve years of age I was employed as a cash 
boy in a large dry-goods store in one of the Eastern States. It 
was customary for three or four of vis boys to eat our dinners 
down stairs, and then to play until our "time was up." On one 
occasion of this kind another boy and myself, to the annoyance 
of the porter, disturbed a carriage cover; for this offence the 
porter complained of us to our employer and we were discharg- 
ed. At that time, being very desirous of emigrating to the 
Valley, and a widow's son, I felt the disgrace keenly. So, 
descending to the cellar for our hats, I passed through into the 
back part, knelt down and prayed to God for wisdom in the 
emergency, and then returned to my comrade in trouble. The 
porter came down stairs and was met by my companion with a 
volley of abuse, to which the porter paid no attention. Through 
the influence of a better spirit, which I had obtained by prayer, 
I asked him kindly if he thought lie had done justly by us in 
getting us "turned oft" lor so small an offence, etc. He seemed 
quite affected by the manner of my address, and started up 
stairs, tclliim' me to remain until he spoke to the "boss." He 
soon descended again with a smiling face telling me to goto 

Mr. T , our employer. I gladly went to Mr. T , who 

told me that the porter had spoken favorably of me to him; 
and said if I would promise to do better in the future, I might 
resume my duties. I cheerfully gave the promise, and remain- 
ed until I* emigrated. Feeling that my prayer had indeed been 
answered. The other boy left the store that day and I have 
never seen him since. 

Yours Kespectfully, T. Cott. 




Manti, Sanpete County, Jan. 12th, 1867. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Permit me to intrude the expression of the high estimation in 
which I hold the sheet recently jjresented to me under the title 
of the Juvenile Instructor, which for simplicity and purity 
of diction, the happy selection and truthful tendency of the 
subject matter presented, I have never seen excelled. 

Allow me to add that, in my capacity of Superintendent of 
Schools for this county, I hail the Instructor as a very import- 
ant auxiliary to our school readings, if not actually in the school 
room, at least as a text book for every domestic circle, to be the 
happy regulator of principles. 

It would be out of place here to attempt to express my views 
touching the importance of early impressions, and their serious 
connection with the future of "our children and the cause of 
God; but I will observe that I am encouraged to see a step 
takeu in that important direction by the Juvenile Instructor. 

F. C. KOBINSON. 



BIBLE QUESTIOITS 

FOR OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



1. What was the name of that young man who was sold to 
strangers for twenty pieces of silver? 

2. What was the name of that warrior, who, when he took 
refuge among the enemies of his nation, thought it wisdom to 
feign madness? 

3. What was the name of the man, who, with the jawbone of 
an ass for his only weapon, slew a thousand men? 

4. What was the name of that prophet who cursed the chil- 
dren for mocking and calling him names; and how many chil- 
dren were there devoured by bears? 

5. What was the name of that city whose walls were thrown 
down by the blowing of rams' horns and the shouting of the 
people? 

6. What was the name of the apostle who, seeing Jesus walk- 
ing on the water, got out of the ship and joined him? 

7. What man was it whose ass saw an angel, and because his 
master struck him three times, spoke to him? 

8. What was the name of that prophet who smote a rock 
twice and water gushed forth, and with whom the Lord was not 
pleased because he took the glory to himself? 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

CHARADE. 



BY B. L. PEART. 



I am composed of 13 letters: 

My 1, 10, 3, 13, 12, is what all should be able to do. 

My 8, 5, 7, is blue. 

My 1, 11, 9, is the opposite of dry. 

My 4, 2, 3, 10, 13, is an article of wearing apparel. 

My 5, 3, 8, 4, can be seen, felt and heard but not described. 

My 9, 10, 6, 11, belongs to the vegetable kingdom. 

My whole is the centre of business in Great Salt Lake City. 

0"TJ^-E3sriI.E IITSTRUOTOE; 

Is published in Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST <fc FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum S3 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

ifS~ It is expected where agents forward names they irill he responsible 
for the papers thus ordered; and when Cash payments are made, they 
u-dl please forward them with the letter containing the names of tlw 
sittisrrihers. 

83* Elder Wm. IT. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent for 
Cache VaU'ii. 

SfS" Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructor will be 
received at the ojjiec of our paper— Desk ret News Buildings. 



^ 



$ 

&( 



