
?THE 




aounEaa to tmblobo. 



dctob 



6 




VOL, XI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, AUGUST 1, 1876. 



NO. l:,. 



THE GREAT ANT-EATER. 




The Great Ant-Eater, of South America, to which the 
natives give the name of "Yourounii," or Little Mouth, 
and the Spaniards the Ant-hill Bear, is a very singular looking 
and powerful animal, measuring about six feet in length. It 
belongs to that peculiar class called by naturalists edentata, 
or, without teeth. The head is small, and tapers to a long, 
narrow, toothless muzzle, which conceals a long, flexible, black 
tongue, capable of being stretched far out, and otherwise 
adapted for collecting ants, which form its principal food. Its 
legs are strong, particularly the fore-legs, which are very thick, 
and are terminated with long, sharp and very strong claws, 
curved inwards. Its hair is thick, rough and stiff, very short 
on the head and 
ears, but somewhat 
longer on the shoul- 
der; a kind of mane 
commences between 
the ears, and gradu- 
ally increases in 
length down the 
back, until it ends in 
a bushy tail, carried 
generally in a straight 
position, with the 
long hairs dragging 
on the ground, but 
when the animal is 
irritated, shaken out 
and elevated. The 
] ire vailing color of 
ils beid is gray and 
brown, and of the 
upper parts of the 
body and tail, deep blown mixed with silvery white, with a 
broad, black band on each side of its shoulders. 

This animal is rare, but is widely distributed throughout all 
the warm and tropical parts of South America, from Colombia 
to Paraguay, and from the shores of the Atlantic to the foot 
of the Andes. Its favorite resorts are the inmost recesses of 
the forests, ami the luw, swampy savannahs along the banks 
of livers and stagnant pools. It never climbs trees, but lives 
entirely upon the ground, a slothful, solitary existence; the 
greater part of its life is passed in sleep, and vet il is never 
fat, and rarely in good condition. When it sleeps, ii lies upon 
side, am! curls itself up so close a- to cover itself with its 




long bushy tail, in such a manner as to protect it from the too 
powerful rays of the sun; and it is said that during rain it 
turns its tail over its back and stands still. When the Indians 
meet with one, they rustle the leaves, and the animal thinks 
rain is falling, and turns up its tail; they then take the oppor- 
tunity of killing it by a blow on the head with a stick; but 
they have a great dread of coming in contact with the Ant- 
Bear, and never think of approaching it till it is quite dead, 
probably because they believe that whenever it seizes an 
animal it never lets go till it is dead. This is truly the iact; 
it will allow itself to be killed rather than quit its hold, and in 
this way some of the stronger animals of the forest, even the 

jaguar, are some- 
times overpowered 
by it. It feeds on 
large white ants, 
tea ing up wiih its 
powerful claws the 
mounds of earth or 
decayed wood in 
which are their nests 
and habitations, and 
at the moment that 
the ants, according 
to their nature, flock 
from all quarters to 
defend their dwell 
ing, it draws over 
them its long, flexi- 
ble tongue, covered 
with a glutinous Sub- 
stance to which they 
adhere. It seems 
that so robust an animal can procure sufli- 
from ants alone, but this circumstance has 
nothing strange in it to those who arc acquainted with the 
tropical parts of America, and who have seen the enormous 
multitudes in which these creatures swarm in all parts of the 
country. The flesh of the Ant-Eater is esteemed a delicacy 

by the Indians and Negro slaves, and though dark and having 
a strong musky flavor, it is even sometimes seen at the tables 

of Europeans. 



almost incredibli 
cient sustenance 



'I'm: pleasure of doing good is the only - that never 

wears out. 





170 



J" TJ" "V E 3NT I L IE IUSTBUCTOR, 



LETTERS TO OTTR CHIL- 
DREN. 



FRoM A MISSIONARY IN" X. C, 




ONE evening we had the pleasure of making a very pleasant 
vi-it to au excellent family. The father of this family was 
a wagon maker. He could take the timber and the iron and 
make a very handsome wagon. Then he could paint it 
and turn it out in a workman-like manner, strong and good. 
It is a rare thing for a man to do the wood and iron work; it 
generally being done oy the wagou maker, who does the wood 
work, and the blacksmith, who does the ironwork. I need not 
say he was a manly kind of man. not much of a dreamer, but 
a worker. He had an excellant family, who inherited their 
father's spirit of industry. He was endeavoring to teach his 
sons to be as useful and necessary as himself, and they bid fair 
to become so. 

You know how natural it is to be doiug something, my young 
friends; do you not? Boys love to be with father, to assist 
him, and make themselves useful; and some loving ones tell 
dear mamma what the}' are going ti do for her when they grow 
up, how she is to rest from her labors and to enjoy the quiet 
of a serene old age, in such a nice house, and such nice sur- 
roundings. These are the early day- dreams of loving boys 
who dote on loving mothers. Then there are loving girls who 
are not a whit behind iu their affection to dear mamma, and 
who manifest their love by helping in good earnest to render 
lighter the labors and cares of the fond mother by assisting 10 
wish up and clear away the breakfast, dining and supper 
things, to make the beds, sweep up the house, and, by learning 
the domestic duties, prepare themselves to take an active part- 
in usefulness and to enter into the matron's duties when they 
shall have a household to see after themselves. There is a 
true nobility in honest, useful labor. To be a producer shou'd 
be the aim of every one; for there is a dignity iu labor that 
stamps a man a useful citizen, and a necessary one. 

We could not help reflecting on the value of learning and 
cnd< a.oring to become perfect in some useful, necessary trade. 
Thi genthmin wj had \i-ited had by his honest, ustfdl liber 
been able to surround himself with the comforts and bles-ings 
of life. He was enabled to instruct his children and help them 
in their turn to become as essential to society as himtelf. He 
lived in the midst of his family, could watch over them and 
prepare them for future usefulness, direct their labors, give 
them the benefit of bis experience, and aid them very materi- 
ally in the battle of life. Thus he obtains to-day a reward for 
the solid foundation he laid in his youth, when, by industry 
and application he learned his business. The consequence is 
|i 'ace and ph n'y is ill his habitation. 

Now. my dear boys, a few word- to you. If you want to 
make this life a success, do not follow after shadows, or dream 
about making a fortune and living in ease without labor. There 
i- no -ueh thing as excellence without la! or. The market is 
not overstocked with artisans; make yourself perfect in some 
branch of industry, and you will find that there is ''always 
room at the top.'' There is always a demand for the master 
mechanic. If you prefer to till the soil, make yourselves first - 
class farmer ; remember that whatsoever is worth doing, 
is worth doing well. Always strive to be a bee in the hive; 
nevermind the drones. Make yourselves a necessity and you 
will always be independent in yonr spheres. Shun evil cou.- 
pany. do not use tobacco or drink intoxicating liquors. Never 
utter a sentence that you would be ashamed to utter before 



your mother. Do not degrade yourself by using bad language. 
When yon read, be sure to select good and healthy literature; 
for all trashy reading, such as cheap story papers and "novel- 
ettes," are as pernicious or unhealthy to the mind as whisky 
and other false stimulants are to the body. Select for reading 
the history of nations, get thoroughly acquainted with the 
history of your own country, the manners and customs of 
peoples. Get a knowledge of the habits of the birds, beasts 
and fishes; of plant-; of the structure of your own bodies. 
Study grammar, arithmetic, and store up your minds with 
truth. Be content to learn a little at a time, and learn that 
little well; and you will gradually grow into knowledge and 
excellence, making a sure foundation. You will have no time 
to waste on foolish sensational stories that only produce a de- 
sire for this unhealthy class of literature. 

Shun these bad habits, boys. You will be "lad of it by and 
by. 

May God our Heavenly Father bless you, dear children, and 
enable you to choose "the one thing needful," "that good 
part" that you may be blessings to your parents, to yourselves 
and to all Israel. Bro. GEORGE. 



OLID MODES OE TRA.VEL. 



TifE Britons were the ancient inhabitants of Britannia. 
Concerning the origin of the population of the British 
Isles, which approaches the nearest to being indigenous, as 
being in possession of the soil at the time of its first discovery, 
there has been much doubt, and there is still some dispute. 

When discovered by Cfesar, the Britons were hardly to be 
called a barbarous people, being scarcely removed from the 
condition of primitive savages. They generally went, both 
sexes, wholly naked; though some of them, whether separate 
tribes or superior individuals, it is not stated, wore garments 
of dressed leather. They tattooed their flesh, ami stained 
themselves blue with wood — practices indicating a very low 
scale of humanity. They wore no armor, except bucklers, but 
understood the working of iron, brass and tin. They had 
horses, which they both rode and drove, harnessed in scythed 
cars, iu battle. They had cattle iu abundance, of which they 
used both the flesh and milk, though they knew not the use 
of cheese. It is doubtful whether they had any agriculture; 
some speak of their raising grain, and drinking wine made of 
barley — ale — and others mentioning no such habits. Pro- 
bably they write at different times; and, when first discovered 
by the Romans, they did uot till the soil, but speedily learned 
to do so. 

From the accounts furnished us by the Romans, we learn 
that the Britons manufactured wicker vessels with extraor- 
dinary skill. Their costly and elegant baskets are mentioned 
by Juvenal, in speaking of the extravagance of the Romans 
in his time. They also constructed canoes of osier, covered 
with skins of animals, and in these they paddled about, the 
rivers, creeks and fens of their country. Basket making is 
one of the simplest a^l most ancient of arts. The contrivance 
of fastening together branches, reeds or grasses by inter- 
weaving others transversely, would be suggested to the lowest 
intelligence, eveu without the frequent examples of it seen. 
These wicker boats, then, covered with skins, were one of the 
oldest modes of locomotion. 

Such vessels are still used by Welsh fishermen. 

Mention of chariots is found among the most ancient records 
nf the human race. They were in n=e 1 v the Pharaohs of 






JTJYEITILE IITSTBUCTOR 




171 




Egypt (Gen. xii. 43), and in Solomon's time were exported to 
Syria (1 Kings, x. 29; 2Chron., i. 16 and 17). As appears 
from the ancient Egyptian sculptures and paintings, the con- 
struction of these chariots embodied the same principles which 
are found in the modern style of carriages; the wheels were 
made of spokes and metallic tires, and the poles were crooked 
near the axle — a form introduced into the English carriages 
only about the commencement of the present century. A 
drawing of one with four wheels, used for religious purposes, 
has been met with, and others with an umbrella cover, the 
rudiment of the closer covering of more modem vehicles. 
The latter was drawn by oxen, and was apparently designed 
for traveling carriages for ladies of rank. From the sculptured 
slabs of Nineveh similar evidence is obtained of the use of 
carriages by the Assyrians and contemporaneous nations. 

Covered carriages, highly ornamented, became appendages 
ol Roman pomp and magnificence; but under the feudal 
system they were banished on account of their tendency to 
render the people efleminate. During the middle ages the 
only riding practised was on horseback; and when near the 
close of the fifteenth century carriages began again to appear, 
they were esteemed proper only for women and invalids. 

Coaches were introduced in the year 1564, as Stone states, 
by a Dutchman, who became the queen's coachman. "After 
awhile." he adds, "divers great ladies, with a great jealousie of 
the queene's displeasure, made them coaches, and rid in them 
up and downe the country, to the great admiration of all the 
beholders; but then, little by little, they grew usual among 
the nobilitie, and others of sort, and within twentie years 
became a great trade of coach making." 

In 1619, the Duke of Buckingham used one with six horses. 
and the Earl of Northumberland, to ridicule this pomp, 
appeared in one with eight horses. 

The period in which coaches became familar can, therefore, 
be referred but little farther than the time of the settlement 
of New England; and for a century afterward the use of the 
private carriages in the country was limited to the aris.tocracy 
and wealthy classes. In London coaches began to be kept for 
hire in 1625. 

In 1673, there were twenty hackney coaches in Edinburgh, 
but the narrowness of the streets or the state of the roads 
must have rendered them comparatively useless, for in 1752 
there were only fourteen, and in 177^ only nine, while the 
number of sedans increased. 

The conveyances through the interior were the cumbersome 
stage wagons, used for carrying goods; in the tail of which, as 
it was called. w;i« reserved a covered space for five or six pas- 
sengers, who sat upon the straw on the floor. Even such 
accommodations as these were known only on the great 
thoroughfares; the conveyance of goods inland being for the 
most part by pack horses. 

The stage-coach of the eighteenth century had very little in 
common with the mail-coach within our memory, when stages 
with four, and even six horses attached, dashed over our 
American roads, with passengers safely seated in the comfort- 
able vehicle: behind which debus flourished their long whips 
with conscious pride in the importance of their position. In 
Hogarth's County Inn Yard we have a representation ol' the 
old stage-coach, which explains the fact that no one with the 
smallest power of bestriding a horse would ever have thought 
of making use of them. The roofs of the coaches in most 
cases, rose into a swelling curve, which was sometimes -ur 
roundel) by a high iron guard. The coachman and the guard, 
who always held his carbine ready cocked upon his knee, then 



sat together, not, as at present, upon a close, compact, var- 
nished seat, but over a very long and narrow boot, which 
passed under a large spreading hammer-cloth. Behind the 
coach was the immense basket, stretching far and wide beyond 
tin' body, to which it was attached by long iron bars or sup- 
ports pas sing beneath it. The wheels of these old carriages 
were large, massive, ill-formed and usually of a red color; and 
the three horses which were affixed to the whole machine 
— the foremost of which was helped onward by carrying a 
huge long legged elf of a postillion, dressed in a cocked hat, 
with a large green and gold riding coat — were all so far parted 
from it by the great length of their traces, that it was with 
no little difficulty that the poor animals dragged their unwieldy 
burden along the road. It groaned and creaked at every 
fresh tug which they gave it, as a ship rocking or beating up 
through a heavy sea strains all her timbers, with a low moan- 
ing sound, as she drives over the contending waves. To this 
very cheerful picture of the delights of the road at this epoch, 
we may add that 'he unfortunate passengers might expect the 
monotony of their journey to be broken at any moment by the 
appearance on the scene of the regulation highwayman of the 
period, the supposed valor of the guard, with his formidable- 
looking blunderbuss, turning out to be a snare and a delusion, 
and vanishing at once before the threatning pistol of the 
Claude Duval or the Dick Turpi n of the hour, when a com- 
pulsory handing out of purses would immediately ensue. 
[To be Continued.) 



Some Curious Flowers. — What wonderful flowers have 
bloomed and died in obscure quarters of the globe, unnoticed 
but bv the eye of their ( Ireator. Many more have been known 
and passed by unheeded by unappreciative observers. A 
gentleman lately saw in Turkey a flower of most exquisite 
beauty, which was a perfect representation of the humming- 
bird.. This fairy creature has often been called a winged 
flower; but here was the bird itself transformed into a blossom 
and growing on a stein. The breast was of a bright emerald 
hue, the two outstretched wings of a deep rose color, and the 
throat, head, and even eyes, were a perfect copy of the bird. 
The lower part was of deep brown tint, and here the seeds 
were found. 

Florists ami gentlemen of means and leisure oft n spend a 
great deal of time and labor in raising new specie- of well- 
known flowers. An English gentleman ha- succeeded in pro- 
ducing a curious geranium; the flower-, stem and leaves of 
which are all white like transparent was. lie estimates it- 
value at a thousand pounds. 

The night blooming jasmine is a curious flower. Byday you 
might pass the humble shrub a dozen time- without notice 
The greenish yellow buds look as unpretending as a row of 
tiny candles, anil are entirely scentless. But when evening 
comes on. the little candle- are all alight with beauty, and 
send forth a perfume as delicious as precious censer. With 
the dawn of day, they begin to contract and to gather up their 
delightful fragrance, shutting it up in some mysterious, bidden 
casket, and they prepare for a long sleep while others arc 
awake and stirring. Regular aristocrats are these little blos- 
soms, which thus turn night into day and day into night. The 
evening primrose has a similar fancy, and opens its petals at 
sunset witti a snap, like a very mild type of torpedo. 



TllK more a man follows nature, and is obedient to her laws, 
the longer he wdl live: the farther he deviate- from these, the 
shorter will be his existence. 





172 



J TJ "7" IE 3ST I L E I1TSTRUCTOR 




ENGLAND'S O O -A. L 

:m: i itsr :e s . 




IN traveling through the northern part of England and learning 
of the existence of the large number of mines there located, 
and of the hundreds of thousands of men and boys who are 
continually working in them, one might very readily come to 
the reasonable conclusion that they were trying to turn Old 
England inside out. Yet for all their diligence and untiring 
efforts, from the effects of which they returned home each 
night bla> k in the face with their exertions, a large black 
heap of earth or bind at the pit's mouth is all that remains ot 
their internal workings. 

Think of the vast armies of men clad in dusky uniform, 
aided by such an incredible amount of machinery, which 
raises the coal from some pits at the rate of 500 to 18u0 tons 
per day, together with the large number of horses that work 
in the bowels of the earth, there being no less than eij'hty in 
one pit that I visited (which when once down in those dark 
regions seldom see the light of day, or crop the green grass 
again); and then think also of the thousands of miles of rail- 
road made expressly for the transportation of the coal; the 
thousands upon thousands of trucks and carriages employed, 
the immense amount of capital expended in steam engines, 
with all the other auxiliaries and helps used in the obtaining of 
coal. And what is the result? We find that it all ends in 
smoke and a few ashes. 

England being such a small country, and so densely populated, 
it seems as though they could not all fiud employment above 
ground, hence so many thousands have to go and labor down 
below. Therefore it would not be at all out of place to call it 
a two-storied country, though varying from the usual style of 
p'.acing one apartment above another; as in this instance they 
have made the addition underneath. But if the technical 
will not admit of this being called a second story, they will 
certainly not object to its being represented as a ground floor 
with a very large coal cellar below. 

And as to the agitation on the surface in the shape of strikes, 
political reforms and the like, they are not to be ~ judered at, 
when we cousider the violence of its workings internally; for as 
they are striking above, so are they striking below; and as the 
public mind is penetrating and drifting in every aveLue aud 
channel for information, so are the miners boring and drifting 
in every direction to send them up the wherewith to throw 
light on their subjects and to warm up their arguments. 

On the surface they have a great deal of strife and conten- 
tion, using at times very explosive language, and what some 
might term 'blowing" each other up: so underneath they are 
struggling and toiling, using powder and fuse and blasting 
continually. 

The life of the coal miner is hazardous and toilsome, and the 
terrible accidents that ever and anon occur are truly appalling, 
and plunge whole neighborhoods into grief, each family in 
many cases being called upon to lament the death or disfigure- 
ment of a father, brother or some dear relative. 

The fatal black or choke damp that accumulates in the 
mines has to be continually guarded against, and in spite of the 
cautiousness used, and the aid ot powerful machinery in forc- 
ing draughts of fresh air through the mine from above, they 
arc sometimes surprised and overcome with its deadly effects, 
as no one can live in it many minutes. 

Then there is another danger, that of the mine taking fire; 
in which case escape is almost hopeless. To warn the miner 
against this, be has a safeguard in a peculiarly constructed 



JUvey or Georgie's lamp, that gives him due notice of the 
presence of the accumulating gases, which hint, if he is wise, 
he is not slow in taking. 

Another dreadful evil to fear is the flooding of the mine 
with water. Although pumps are kept continurlly at work, 
there is always danger of striking a vein of water the force 
and volume of whi-h may be sufficient to fill the mine in so 
short a time as to gi ?a scarcely any chance for escape. 

Then a great many disasters occur. from the caving in of the 
mine, and from the crushing down and breaking of the tim- 
bers used for supports; yet for all these varieties of dangers the 
coal miner faces his labor each morning with cheerfulness, and 
returns at night blackened all over by digging dusky diamonds. 
Upon reaching his home he strips himself to the waist, and by 
the aid of soap and water speedily changes his color. The 
transformation is most complete, for the miner comes from 
beneath black as a coal, and in a few moments his aspect is 
entirely changed, and he stands before you, bright as a new 
coin, and a specimen of manly vigor. 

And now he commences to do the very opposite of what he 
has been engaged at all day; he has been endeavoring all along 
to disembowel mother earth, and empty the pit of its treasures; 
but upon seating himself at the table, he immediate'.? begins 
to fill in the pit of his stomach, and the manner in which 
Yorkshire pudding is disposed of to effect this is truly 
astonishing. As he strives each day to exhaust the treasures 
of the mine and fails; so in proportion are his efforts to 
accomplish the filling up of his corporeal vacuum fruitless, as 
he is repeatedly repeating the process, and it will not stay 
filled. Uncle Sam. 



^orrcsjjotuleuce. 



Christchtjrch, Canterbury, 

New Zealand, June '28, 187R. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

Deak 15kotukk:-I have often thiughtl would 
like to write something for the Juvenile Instkuctor, that my 
young friends might know how we are getting along in this far 
off land, but feel so incompetent to commit to paper anything 
that would be of interest to them, that it causes me almost to 
sh.-ink from such a task. 1 have often when at meeting heard my 
brethren <when railed upon to address the Saints) make the simple 
but oft-repeated excuse, that they had not language to express their 
ideas. In reflecting upon this expression, I have come to the 
conclusion that in myown ease itis the ideas and good sentiments 
that are laekine more than the language to communicate them; 
and hence my reluctance about writing. 

I will erive vou a few items ,-e'ating to the Maori or i.ative race 
of New Zealand I am told that they have no record as to their 
origin; but the tradition runs that generations ago a large migra- 
tion took place from an island in the Pacific Ocean, to which the 
Maoris give the name of Hawaiiki; quarrels among the natives 
having driven from it a chi-f, whose canoe arrived upon the 
shore of the North Island of New Zealand. Returning to his 
home with a flattering description of the country he had discover- 
ed, this chief, it is said, set on foot a set erne of emigration, and a 
flee -»f large double canoes started for the newly discovered 
country. It is said they brought seeds of various kinds with 
them; also dogs, parrots and other birds. Strong evidence that 
there is truth in their tradition of this exrdus is supplied by the 
faets that all the tribes agree in their accounts of the doings of the 
principal "canoes" or of those who came in them, after their 
arrival in New Zealand, and that there is also agreement 






J XT "V IE 1ST I ZL. B INSTRTJCTOB. 



173 




tracing from each "canoe" the descent of the numerous tribes 
which have spread over the islands. Calculations based on the 
genealogical sticks reported by the tohungas, or priests, have 
been made, and it is estimated that almost twenty generations 
have passed away since they came here. The direction or position 
of Hawaiiki, the place from which they emigrated, is not known. 
Many of the colonists of KTew Zealand believe the natives to be 
of Malay origin, but have no evidence or proofs to offer in sup- 
port of this belief. It is generally acknowledged that they have 
descended from a race possessed of superior knowledge to that 
shown by the Maoris since the Europeans first mixed with them. 
They possess vague ideas of astronomy, and formerly knew how 
to steer by stars. The seasons for planting and reaping were 
known also by astronomical signs. But now there remains only 
superstition. 

I will now tell you how we are getting along in our labors 
among the Europeans who have -ettled here. The great majority 
of them have come out here to better their condition, and in try- 
ing to preach the gospel unto them, if there is no other induce- 
ment offered aside from the truth, thousands do not want to 
take any stock in it. The facts are these; they are too well off; they 
are fond of pleasure and will have it, as long as they have the 
money to purchase it. It is very difficult to get any number to 
attend our meetings unless we ad.ertise every week some special 
subject in connection with our doctrines. We have distributed 
our works freely among the people, and have found a few that 
could see the consistency of our doctrines, but who hive invaria- 
ably lacked the independence of soul to receive them; and our 
labors to all present appearance seem to have heen in vain, so 
far as making converts is concerned. There are thousands of 
people here who have heard our missionaries in their own coun- 
tries, and then there is a considerable number of old country 
apostates, and who wish to remain so. We may by and by see 
some good result from our labors; hut above all I desire to do my 
duty, and perform the mission assigned me acceptably. Brothers 
John Rich and Thos. Steed are laboring with me in Canterbury. 
Brothers F W. and C. C. Hurst are in Wellington. 

In my last letter to you, published in No. 5 of the present 
volume of the Instructor, a mistake was made. It stated, as 
published, that Bvo. C. C. Hurst got a little discouraged and 
joined us on this island. It should have read that through a 
misunderstanding he joined us here; the fact being that he had 
understood that he and Brother Rich were to labor together, 
according to our first arrangement, but wh : ch was afterwards 
reversed by Brother Groo without Brother Hurst knowing of it. 
Please make this explanation that Brother Hurst may not appear 
before his friends in a false position. 

The Instructor comes regularly every mail, and is much 
appreciated. I will send you in my next a Maori portrait, and 
one of the extinct "moa," if I can get one; also a descripiion 
of this bird. 

We are enjoying excellent health, and with the blessings of our 
Father we'll do what we car. while here to get before the people 
our doctrines. May God bless you in your labors, and may the 
Instructor continue to be a medium of correct information and 
sound doctrine to the children of the Saints is the constant 
prayer, of Your Brother, 

Wm. McL \< ur.AN. 



Whf-RK spades grow bright, anil idle word- grow dull; 
Where jail* are empty, and where barns are full; 
Where church-paths are with frequent footsteps worn; 
Law court-yards weedy, silent and forlorn; 
Where doctors foot it. are! where farmers ride; 
Where age abound- and truth i- multiplied; 
Where these signs are. thej clearly indicate 
A happy people and well governed state. 




THE wi-c man does not speak of all he does, but he does 
thing that cannot be spoken of 



<^nestion^ anil J^nsiverji 

OIsT THE 

book oe nvc o e, im: o it 



LESSON C1X. 

Q.— How long did peace prevail among the people after this 
warV 

A. — Until the 3-ear 29. 

Q. — What then occurred? 

A. — There began to be disputes and jealousy. 

0. — In the next year what was done? 

A. — Many, who endeavored to warn the people, were secretly 
killed by the judges. 

Q.— What was the law in relation to condemning a man to 
death? 

A.— It was that he could not be executed until hi? condemna- 
tion had been signed by the governor of the land. 

Q.— When it became known that peo' le had been killed with- 
out the governor's knowledge, what was done to the judge? who 
had caused their death? 

A.— They were brought before the judge to be tried. 

Q.— Were they condemned and compelled to suffer punish- 
ment? 

A..— No; they had many friends, who, assisted by lawyers and 
high priests, released them, and killed the governor. 

(J. — How were the people then governed? 

A.— They divided into tribes, and each tribe appointed a leader. 

Q.— Shortly afterwards, what did this baud of lawyers, high- 
priests, etc., do? 

A. — They met and appointed a king. 

Q. — What was his name? 



A.— Jacob 



OIST THE BIBLE. 



elech offered him the 



Q.— What did David say when Al 
sword of Goliath? 

A.— 'There is none like that; give it me." 

Q f — What did David do after he got the bread and the sword? 

A.— "He arose and fled that day for fear of Saul." 

Q. — Where did he go to? 

A.— "To Achish, the king of Gath." 

Q.— What did the servrnts of Achish say to him 9 

A.— "Is not this David the king of the land? did they not sing 
one to another of him in dances, saying, Saul hath slain his thous- 
ands, and David his ten thousands." 

Q.— How did David feel when he heard these sayings concern- 
ing himself' 

A..— He "was sore afraid of Achish, the king of (lath." 

Q —What did he do? 

A.— "He changed bis behavior before them, and feigned him- 
self mad in their band-, and scrabbled on the do ITS of the gate, 
and let his spittle fall down upon hi? beard." 

Q._What did Achish say when he saw David in this condition? 

A.— "Lo, ye Bee the man is mad; wherefore then have ye 
brought him to me " 

q._ What did David succeed in doing by this stratagem? 

A.— He departed, and escaped to the ca> e of Adullam. 

Q —Who went down to see him there? 
A.— "His brethren and all his lather? house." 
Q.— Wbo else gathered themselves unto him'' 
A.— Every one that was in distress or discontented. 
Q— Whal did David do with these men? 

A.— "lie I ame n captain o\ er thorn " 

q.— How many men were there with him? 
A.— About four hundred, 
Q._\vhat did David -ay unto the kingof Moab? 
A,— "Let my father and mother, I pray thee, com 
l„. with you, tdl 1 know what Cod will do lor me." 





174 



J" TJ V EOSr ILB INSTRTJOTOB. 





nsfrttctor. 



GEORGE a. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, AUGUST 1, 1S76. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





OODY and Sankey, oDe a preacher and 
the other a singer, have been holding 
very large meetings in several of the 
cities of the East. They have raised all 
the excitement they could in favor of what 
they call religion, and among other means 
used to make people religious they have 
tried to frighten them by describing to 
them the terrors of hell. In New York 
e papers have published numerous instances 
persons having been driven crazy by the 
eaching they had heard at these meetings. 
at the friends of Moody and Sankey spared 
i pains to create the impression that the 
meetings were doing great good. Hundreds of 
sinners, they said, were being converted. They 
said they were forsaking wickedness and turning to 
righteousness. We suppose they did not care bow 
many people were driven crazy by the preaching if they could 
only add members to their churches. In fact, they reported 
that a great many hundreds had joined the various churches. 
These meetings cost large sums of money for expenses; but 
many thought the money well spent if souls were saved. 

The preachers have held conferences lately in New York, 
and they talked over the results of the Moody and Sankey 
meetings. One preacher went so far as to call them "grand 
ecclesiastical farces. ' ' Another said if any converts were made, 
they were of very little value to any church they might join. 
The objection some of the preachers made to them was. that 
they did not care to unite with any of the churches, but wished 
to float around among all. Then there was another difficulty 
in these meetings of which one of the Methodist preachers 
complained: if a man wished to join the Methodist church 
and desired to be immersed in the water instead of being 
sprinkled with water, the Methodist could not do this. In one 
instance of this kind the Methodist preacher had applied to a 
Baptist preacher to immerse a man; but the Baptist would 
not do it unless the man would join his church. This kind of 
union the Methodist preacher did not like. He thought the 
Baptist ought to immerse the man and still not claim him for 
his church, but let him join the Methodists if he wished to 
do so. < )ne old Methodist preacher said that he wouM not 
let any Baptist have advantage over him in this respect, for if 
any of his converts desired to be immersed he would not 
take them to a Baptist to do it, he would immerse them him- 
self. 

It was agr 1 that these Moody and Sankey meetings were 

attended with very poor results when the cost was considered. 
They had cost $50,000 in money and five weeks' time of 10.- 
nOO people in three meetings a day, and all the converts whom 
they could find did nut number more than two hundred and 
fifty. They seemed to think that even these were of very 
little account ! 
We allude to these meetings to give our little readers an in- 
ght to the way religion is conducted in Babylon. They may 



have read in the papers about the Moody and Sankey meet- 
ings, about the excitement there was over them and the many 
thousands of people which attended them. A person without 
experience might easily imagine in reading these statements, 
that thousands of people were being converted to religion, and 
that all the preachers were having a glorious time in what they 
call the work of saving souls. But the truth now comes out. 
We take the items which we publish from the New York 
Herald of June 27th. We take the preachers' own words. 
The fact is, those meetings are truly 'grand farces." The 
people are humbugged by them. When we read about them, 
and the efforts of the men who get them up, we think of the 
word of the Lord Jesus: 

"Woe unto you, Scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! lor ye 
compass sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is 
made, ye make him two fold more the child of hell than your- 
selves. " 

Just think of these people calling themselves the followers 
of Jesus, and calling their various churches His church ! As 
though H? could be the author of discord and division! As 
though the spirit He bestows would lead men to contend about 
doctrine, or to walk in hundreds of different paths! Yet this 
is what these churches claim. They will have, what they call, 
union meetings, like those of Moody and Sankey, and then 
there will be a scramble for the converts, each preacher trying 
to get the most. Each preacher will praise his church as the 
best, and declare that whosoever joins it will be sure of salva- 
tion. Some of them who believe that if a man is sprinkled, 
it is all the baptism he needs, will let the convert be immersed 
in water if he icisJ/es to Itace it done, and still take him into 
their church. They have as many creeds as they have 
churches, some believing in one doctrine and some another. 
How truly it has been called BABYLON! It is all-con- 
fusion. 

Suppose two men receive the Spirit of God and cherish it, 
will they quarrel about doctrine? Will one say, "I want to 
besprinkled," and the other say: "I want to be immersed," 
and each claim that his practice is the baptism of the Lord 
Jesus? Not if they are guided by that Spirit. One man may 
receive that spirit in America, another in Europe, another in 
Asia, another in Africa and another in Australia or any of the 
islands of the sea, and if they are brought together, and con- 
tinue to be led by that Spirit, they will be one in faith, in 
doctrine and in practice. They will belong to one church, and 
will have no disposition to draw off one from the other. They 
will not say, "I am of Paul," or "I am of Apollo?," or "lam 
of Moses," or "I am of Calvin," or "I am of Luther," or 
"I am of Swedenborg," or "I am of Wesley;" but they will 
say, each one, "lam of Jesus Chri>t; I belong to His church; 
I am one with the Saints who have lived, who now live and 
with those who will live hereafter." 

This is the effect of that Spirit upon the Latter-day Saints. 
They lived in different lands, they were educated in different 
ways, and many belonged to different churches, and some did 
not belong to any church, and many of them spoke different 
languages; hut when they were baptized by men having author- 
ity, and received the Holy Ghost, they bocame one. The 
Spirit of God made them one people. [f they continue to 
cherish it. they will be brought closer together. They will be 
made one with the Father and the Son, with all the holy ones 
in heaven and with the faithful on the earth. They will have 
no divisions and strifes and contentions, for they will see and 
understand alike. This is Zion; how different it is from 

B.USYI.IIN ! 




3F'- 



CT TT "V" IE UST I LIE IITSTE/UOTOB 




^ ^rigt* <ftiti $,nit$vAt$. 



CHAPTER XIY 



BY HUGH ENOUGH. 



Jo doubt the readers of the Juvenile Instructor have 
_\ beeu wondering when the writer of these papers would 
describe the natives of New Zealand, their personal appear- 
ance, manners aud customs. But all in good time, my young 
friends. Now that we have briefly described the country, we 
will take in hand the people, and do our best to interest and 
instruct you. 



are exposed in their 'whares' or cabins, which are destitute of 
chimneys. Their voices are pleasant, and when warlike excite- 
ment has not roused him to frenzy, every gesture of the Maori 
is graceful. Nothing can be more dignified than the bearing 
of chiefs assembled at a 'runange' or council, and this peculiar 
composure they preserve when they adopt our habits and 
customs — alwys appearing at ease, even in the midst of 
what would seem a most incongruous assembly. " In bodily 
powers we have the advantage; as a carrier of heavy loads the 
native is superior; but in exercises of strength and endurance, 
on the whole we have the advantage, although at a certain 
Caledonian Festival, when six picked '"men-of-war men" were 
placed against six Maoris in a wrestling match, one Maori 
threw three sailors one after the other, after a severe and 
ensthv struggle: and the six sailors, when the-.- got through 





A PARTY OF MAORIS WHO VISITE 
The natives of New Zealand, as has been before stated, are 
called Maoris. In describing this interesting race of people, 
we will quote from a work written by an old colonist, a Dr. 
Thompson, who studied closely the peculiarities of the Maori 
race: 

"As a rule, Maoris are middle sized and well formed, the 
average hight of the man being five feet six inches, (the writer 
has seen many over six feet in hight and built in proportion); 
the bodies and arras being longer than those of the average 
Anglo-Saxon, the leg bones shorter and the calves largely de- 
veloped. Their skin is of an olive-brown color, and the hair 
generally straight and black; their teeth are good, except 
among the tribe who live in the sulphurous regions about the 
Hot Lakes and Tongariro, in the Ninth Hand. Their eyes 
re bleared, possibly from the amount of smoke to which they 



I) EUROPE A PEW YEARS SINCE, 
the mat, h bad nothing to boast of. The Maoris are remark- 
ably quick, nimble and long winded in all their sports and 
p istinies. [n speaking of the character of this race of people 
it must 1" remembered that they are in a transition state. 
Some of the chiefs are, with the exception of color and lan- 
euage, almost Europeans, in fact I have conversed with some 
who spoke the English language almost as purely as many 
Londoners and whose skin would compare favorably with many 
an Italian's. Others when in town conform to the dress and 
customs of white men, but resume native ways, and the blanket 

as the sole garment, as soon as they return to the "kaiatira 

or native village. One old ohief I was well acquainted with, 
had built near the city of Wellington a fine large frame house, 

nicely painted, and grounds tastefully laid out. The interior 
was handsomely furnished with pictures, nnd a piano ;r ' 





176 



JT7"7"EHsTIl_-H! INSTRUCTOR, 




organ for his daughter's use. He spoke very ui'iid English, 
and when in town dressed in the finest broadcloth, with stove- 
pipe hat, etc.; but occasionly he would be missed from the 
city, when he could be found in the bush, at his "pah," squat- 
ting over the "whare" fire, clothed in the native costume of 
flaxen wrapper or woolen blanket. This old fellow was a 
member of the legislature, and a really smart man, but he 
could not leave off entirely his old ways. 

The Maoris are excitable and s'-iperstitious, easily worked 
upon at times by any one who holds the key to their inclina- 
tions, and who can influence them by appeals to their tradi- 
tionary legends; while at other times they are obstinate and 
self-willed, whether for good or evii. As is usual with races 
who have not a written language, they possess wonderful 
memories, and when discussing any subject, they cite or refer 
to precedent after precedent. They are fond of such discus- 
sion; for many a Maori is a natural orator, with an easy flow of 
words, and a delight in allegories which are often highly poeti- 
cal. The Anglo-American no doubt can beat the world in 
"spread-eagleism,'' but his lustre will pale alongside of a 
Maori orator, when he has really something to talk about, and 
is strung up to concert pitch. 

The Maori is brave, but liable to groundless panics. They 
are by turns open-handed and most liberal, and mean and 
stingy. They have no word or phrase equivalent to gratitude, 
yet they possess the quality. Grief is with them reduced to a 
ceremony, and tears are produced at will. In their persons 
they are slovenly or clean according to humor; and they are 
fond of finery, chiefly of the gaudies kind. They are indolent 
and laborious by turns, for, during planting times, men, women 
and children labor energetically; but during the rest of the 
year they will work or idle as the mood takes them. When 
they do commence a piece of work they go through with it 
well. 

Among the numerous races with which the Anglo-American 
has been brought into contact, there is none which has excited 
more interest, and none which has displayed more capacity for 
adapting itself for civilization. 

In the foregoing description it will be seen how much they 
are like the Lamanites of this country, and of which more anon. 
By nature brave and warlike and quick to avenge real or fancied 
insult, the Maori has nevertheless almost discontinued 'he 
practices of his forefathers. The race is divided into numer- 
ous tribes, and the constant tribal wars of forty years ago, are 
now almost unknown. The same may be said of canninalism. 
Xow the eourtsof law are applied to for settlement of disputes. 
The Maori is a great imitator, and discards his old modes 
of agriculture, building, etc., for those of the white man. 
His ambition is to be like the white man in everything, be 
wants his clothes, his farm, his house like his; he endeavors to 
swear and curse as elegantly and forcibly as his white brothers, 
and the hight of his ambition is to get as gloriously drunk and 
disgusting as the "pakeha" (white gentleman.) 

Civilization, thou hast performed a might of good, but 
thou hast a deal of the had to answer for! 




An Economical Telegram.— Recently a telegraph clerk 
in France refused to transmit a message in these words: 
"Third Epistle of John, verses 13 and 14," under the law 
which forbids the transmission of dispatches not written in 
plain language. Reference to the text indicates that the dispatch 
was merely an economy of words: 'T have many things to 
write, but I will not with ink and pen write unto thee; but I trust 

it I shall shortly see thee, and we shall speak face to face.'' 



Hows jfroiit n |£aft Hawk 



BY Ci. M. r>. 



CAPTURED BY BATS. 



( Continued. ) 

"rpnK water was smooth, and being an excellent swimmer, I 
L reached the hulk with little or no extra exertion. I swam 
to her bows and shinned up the cable. As I sat down on the 
headrail I drew a long breath of relief, and, casting my eyes 
on the water, shuddered to see three large sharks under the 
fore-foot, circling around, and evidently at a loss to know what 
had become of their pre.y. Had I been one minute longer in 
the water John Shark would have had a breakfast: but a miss, 
you know, is as good as a mile, and Jack's precarious life is so 
beset with 'land sharks' above water, that he learns, in time, 
to regard with fearless contempt the aquatic and less ravenous 
branch of the family. 

"I crawled over the bulwarks to the deck of the brig, which 
I found covered with manure, sea weed and birds. There was 
some little cooing and fluttering by the buzzards and gulls 
at my appearance, that seemed more like a welcomed introduc- 
tion to the loneliness of the old hulk than demonstrations of 
alarm. I resolved to take up my quarters in the cabin, which, 
as you see, is built on deck. I found the doors locked and the 
windows nailed up, so that a little force would be necessary to 
gain an entrance. I tried the weight of my foot against the 
port door. The salt air had so corroded the lock that it fell to 
pieces under the blow. The door flew open, lettingout a volume 
of foul air that almost stifled me. After waiting awhile, I 
went in and knocked out three or four of the stern and side 
lights. Thus ventilated, the place became tenable, barring a 
strong smell of bilge-water, an odor not at all objectionable to 
a sailor's olfactory organs. The apartment was paneled, and 
painted in imitation of some dark colored wood. All the fur- 
niture had been removed, excepting a table in the centre, that 
was firmly cleated and bolted to the deck. A dry mold and 
dust covered everything, even the thickly interlaced cobwebs 
that festooned the beams overhead. As the day broke I sta- 
tioned myself at one of the windows, where, unseen, I could 
watch the excitement on board the old whaler when my absence 
was discovered. 1 had not long to wait; Mr. Tarpot, the mate, 
as usual, was up with the lark, and, after taking a look to 
windward to see the state of the weather, he walked forward 
and routed out all hands to scrub decks. I suppose at the same 
time ho enquired who had the morning watch, for shortly 
afterwards two of the boys came on the forecastle, and I saw 
one of them pick up my monkey-jacket that I had left between 
the night-heads and take it to him. This slight circumstance 
was all that transpired outside the usual routine on board the 
Xpnrtan. 

"I must confess I felt somewhat chagrined to see that my 
absence created so little commotion, for I surmised (as I after- 
wards found to be correct) that the crew would naturally think 
that I had fallen overboard and drowned. But you know we 
all have vanity enough to think we fill a tremendous big space 
in the world, and that our absence would cause an irreparable 
blank; whereas, in reality, we can slip our cables at any time 
for the unknown shore, and the hole we leave in the tide of 
humanity is so small it is never noticed; in fact, we are but a 
very small drop in the great sea of human life. 





J TT "VIE IS" I LIE IHSTRUCTOR. 



177 





"The colors were not half-masted, the yards were not peaked, 
and my shipmates went rollicking off to breakfast as happy 
and joyful as though I never had existed. I thought to 
myself at the time if I only had my old grandfather's chest 
out of the ship, I would be delighted to see her go down to 
'Davy Jones' with all on board. I saw the captain go ashore 
in his boat, but there were no signs of preparation for getting 
under way on the ship; so I examined my sack of provisions, 
which I found all right, and determined to be as economical as 
possible, for in all probability I was doomed to remain concealed 
on the brig two, if not three, days. 

"As the day wore on I began to feel lonely, and wished that 
I had a book or paper to read, to kill time. I examined the 
drawers and lockers in the cabin, and found them all empty 
except one small drawer under the transom; it was locked, but 
like the lock of the door, so corroded with rust, that a little 
strength made it yield. There was nothing, apparently, of any 
value in it — an empty ink bottle or two, a few old quill pens, 
some loose papers, evidently receipts or orders, and a manu- 
script roll, mildewed, musty and rust stained. Upon examin- 
ation I found it was written in some foreign lingo, French or 
Spanish, and I judged it to be a journal, or, possibly, the 'log' 
of the brig before her seizure. As I felt a little curiosity to 
know the history of the craft that had offered me an asylum, 
I put the manuscript into my oil-skin sack, with the intention 
of getting it read, or translated, if I ever got an opportunity. 

"All the day long I watched and waited to see the topsails 
of the Sparhtn let loose. Boats continued to pass between 
the ship and shore, and when night closed in I could see no 
preparations made for sailing. The moon arose about eight 
o'clock; and under its illuminating rays I made my first repast 
after leaving the ship. I ate very sparingly, however, for my 
stock of provisions was small, and the water especially so. As 
it was not safe to promenade the deck before the middle watch, 
when I had finished my meal I stowed what was left of it on 
a shelf, and turned in on the table for a quiet snooze. 

"How long I had been sleeping I cannot say, probably two 
or three hours, when I felt a stinging sensation at my feet and 
left ear. This was only for a moment. Something large 
crawled over my face, its sharp claws digging into the flesh, 
and brought me fully to my senses. I dashed the vermin from 
my face with my hand, and starting up in a sitting posture, I 
realized my situation in a moment; the cabin was literally 
swarming with rats. 

"Now, you know, there are various kinds of rats; one of 
these is what is called the hamster, a species found mostly in 
Eastern Europe and Siberia. Tt seems to have but one pas- 
sion — ra ge; and its life is divided between eating and fighting. 
Without regard to the superior strength or size of its enemy, 
it will attack every animal that comes in its way. If it seizes 
a man's hand, it must be killed before it will quit its hold. 
The magnitude of the horse terrifies it as little as a small dog 
would. Raising itself on its hind legs, it darts upon you. and 
if it catches hold, it will not quit except with the loss of 
its life. 

"You' may possibly imagine my situation, attacked by nearly 
a hundred voracious creatures so suddenly. They bad com- 
menced at my feet and ear, and already tasted of my blood, 
makin- them doubly ravenous. Fortunately I did not lose my 
presence of mind, [realized in an instant that my only plan 
would be to gain the deck and jump overboard. It was an 
'out of the frying-pan into the fire' remedy; still, I preferred 
being eaten by sharks to being devoured by rats. I sprang 
from tli" table, heading forthedoor. The vermin sprang at 



and on me, seizing me by the feet, legs and arms, their sharp 
teeth penetrating the flesh. Oh! it was horrible. I held my 
hands over my face and eyes, and with my feet tried to kick or 
shake them off; but their weight almost prevented me from 
moving. I could actually feel them tearing my flesh from 
my bones. One large beast caught me by the lip, and I 
actually crushed his head with my fingei and thumb, so des- 
perate had I become, and so ravenous were the rats. Three 
or four times they brought me to my knees, but I managed to 
get myself up again; but I felt that the struggle could not last 
long What with the agony and pain, and desperate exer- 
tions, I was not only losing my strength, but becoming bewil- 
dered and confused in my mind; I was actually losing my reason. 
Somehow I got hold of the oil skin sack; it contained the 
bottle of water and the manuscript. Grasping it by the 
corner, it served me as a weapon of defense. I struck with it 
right and left, around mv legs, and so lightened myself of the 
load of desperate animals clinging to my lacerated flesh and 
preventing me from moving. But I was actually covered with 
them; they bad stripped my shirt and pants into ribbons, and 
were driving me wild with pain and excitement. I gained the 
cabin door at last, where, stumbling. I fell prostrate on the 
deck, still covered by the rats that were eating me alive." 
(7'o be Continued.) 



1§i<*e ra $hg 



JOSSm SMITH, THE 
IP? IR, O IP IH IE T . 



{Continued.) 

On their way West, Elders C'owdery, John Whitmer, 1'. I'. 
Pratt and Z. Peterson passed through Ohio. Before 
Elder Pratt embraced the gospel he had been a preacher of 
the Reformed Baptist Church. Sidney Rigdon was one of 
the leading men in the same church. Th" Elders, when they 
reached his neighborhood, called upon him and gave him the 
Book of Mormon to read. A number of persons who lived at 
Kirtlaml, a few miles distant from Sidney Rigdon' s, also 
began to inquire after the truth. The Elders baptized seven- 
teen persons at Kirtland, many of whom afterwards became 
leading members in the Church. Sidney Rigdon also was 
baptized. 

In December of that year, (1830) at Fayette, in the State 
of New York, Sidney Rigdon and Edward Partridge visited 
Joseph to obtain the word of the Lord respecting themselves. 
While on this visit Joseph baptized Edward Partridge, lie 
was afterwards ordained the first Bishop of the Church. 
Joseph and bis family accompanied them on their return and 
reached Kirtland about the beginning of February. By this 
time the branch of the Church in Kirtland bail considerably 

increased in numbers. After Joseph moved to Kirtland tie- 
Saints from New York and other places began to gather there, 
the Lord having chosen it as a stake of /inn and a place of 
gathering. 

On the fith of June. 1831, a conference was held at Kirt- 
laml. atwhich the powes of the High Priesthood was more 
fully revealed. After the conference Joseph and a number 
of other Elders started for .Missouri. They reached [ndepen 

deuce. Jackson County, about the middle of July. The Lord 
revealed to Joseph that I udepcndeiiee is the centre place 





178 



JXJ^EIsriLE INSTRUCTOR. 




the place for the city of Zion, and the spot where the Temple 
is to stand. A number of the Saints followed the prophet 
Joseph and settled in Jackson County. On the 2nd day of 
August Joseph assisted io laying the first log for a house as a 
foundation for Z'on. This was in Iviw township, twelve 
miles west of Independence. The log was carried and 
put in its place by twelve men, in honor of the Twelve 
tribes of Israel. The land was consecrated and dedicated for 
the gathering of the Saints. The spot for the Temple— a 
little west of Independence -was also dedicated by the prophet 
Joseph. Soon afterwards Joseph and his companions, the 
Klders. left Independence to return to Kirtland. 

Joseph was very diligent in his labor. The number of reve- 
lations which he received in those days was very great. The 
knowledge which the Lord bestowed upon the Church through 
him gladdened and enlightened the .righteous. Revelations 
and knowledge were much needed because all men were 
ignorant about the will of the Lord and the truth in its full- 
ness and purity. But by faith, and the rjower which God 
bestowed upon Joseph, he could obtain know. edge upon any 
point of doctrine which it was necessary for the Elders to 
know. Children, you can readily see what great advantages 
these were. If he wanted to know concerning the manner of 
conducting meetings, or what kind of officers to ordain, 01 
how to build up the Church, or where to go and preach and 
what to preach, he could ask the Lord and be told, an 1 by 
this means he could do just what the Lord wanted to hav; 
done. 

After his return from Mi .souri he moved to the town of 
Hiram, about thirty mile- d -taut from Kirtland. While at 
that place he labored at the new translation of the Bible. 
Sidney Rigdon wrote for hitn as he translated it. In trans- 
latin? tie/ Bible Joseph received touch valuable knowledge. 

Some of the Eiders, priding themselves on their smartness, 
had sought to excel Joseph in their language. About this 
tine- they had some conversation about revelations and 
language. Some of them probably thought that the language 
of the revelations might he made better. The Lord, knowing 
their hearts, told them that they might seek the least revelation 
which .Joseph had received, and appoint the wisest of them 
to write one like it. If thev could write one like it, then the}' 
would be justified in saying that they did not know that the 
revelations which Joseph had received were true. But if 
they could not make one like it the Lord would condemn them 
if they did not hear record that they were true. 

Would you think that any man, after reading the words of 
Jesus in the revelations, would try and write a revelation like 
if No good or wise man would do so. He would not dare ' 
to do such a thine. But one of the Elders, who was there at 
that tine-, tried to write a revelation. He thought 'himself a 
very wise man. Hut was he? No; he was a very foolish man. 
Hi- name was William McLellin. He afterwards apostatized, 
and became a Liner enemy to the work of (bid and to Joseph. 
^ on could not expect anything else from a man who would 
write in the name of the Lord without authority. Of course 
be tailed in his attempt. The Riders and all who were present 
and saw his miserable failure to write the language of Jesus 
Chrkt, were renewed in their faith. They saw plainly that 
no one but the Lord could give such reve'ations as they had 
received through Joseph, and they rejoiced much. 




The less indulgence one has for one's self, the more one 
may have tor others. 



THE 



O IE ZLST T IR, IE S T _A_ ZKZ IE 
OF ZIOlsT. 



BY JAS. A. LITTLE. 



DOUBTLESS the majority of the present inhabitants of Utah 
have been born in the Territory. Their rapidly increasing 
numbers, and the fact that a periodical devoted to their instruc- 
tion can be sustained, indicate the substantial growth of the 
latter-day work. For one who has traveled overmuch of North 
America and some in other lands, it requires reflection to 
realize that there are thousands in Utah who have only seen 
nature as developed in the grand and sublime scenery of the 
Rocky Mountains. They have yet to learn the contrast 
between narrow valleys, surrounded by vast rocky cliffs and 
mountain gorges, and the monotonous grassy plains, some- 
times changing into beautiful rolling prairies, relieved by run- 
ning streams, and sufficient timber to give the charm of 
variety, characterizing the country bordering on the Missouri 
and Upper Mississippi rivers. 

This is indeed a beautiful country, and when clothed with 
the life and growth of summer will perhaps afford as much 
pleasure to the lover of nature as any portion of the United 
States. Its interesting association with the past history of 
our people, and with our present anticipations of the future 
may give undue weight to the sentiment that there is no sec- 
tion of this country, yet seen by the writer, which excels 
Jackson County, Missouri, and its neighborhood, in richness 
of toil, and in that variety of hill and dale, prairie and forest, 
forming that harmonious whole which ever pleases the eye and 
enchants the senses. 

It seems impossible that tte selection of this place as the 
future centre of Zion could have been a mere chance. At the 
time it was occupied by the Saints the boundaiies of Missouri 
on the west constituted the extreme frontier of the settlements 
of the whites, beyond which but little was known of the 
country. 

Those who are not willing to concede that Joseph Smith 
was led by divine inspiration, must admit that he had a singu- 
lar intuitive perception, which they may call shrewdness, as to 
the grand future of this country. 

If the readers of the Instructor will study a good map of 
the country, in connection with a railroad map, they will per- 
ceive that for all the practical purposes of commerce and gen- 
eral inter-communication it is the centre of the continent of 
North America. By the Lower Mississippi river it has an 
excellent water communication with the Gulf of Mexico; by 
the river Ohio and its branches with a large part of the country 
east of it; by the Upper Mississippi with a vast region north 
of it; with the north west, to the very base of the Rocky 
Mountains, by the mighty Missouri and its extensive tributa- 
ries. By a grand network of railways it is connected with 
the trade of the Gulf of Mexico at the city of Galveston; with 
the great marts of commerce on the Atlantic ocean; with the 
chain of great lakes on the north, and with the Pacific ocean 
on the west. It is rapidly becoming the centre of population 
and trade, and it must, on natural principles, become the polit- 
cal centre of our great republic. 

Though many of the older Saints will doubtless pass away 
before the redemption of Zion, a majority of their children 
may witness this and many others of the great changes in this 
country. On them, in connection with the thousands of Israel 
yet to appear on this continent, will soon rest the responsibili- 
ties of this great work. 




CTTT^T IE IN" I LIE IE-STBTJOTOB. 



±79 




Great changes must take place here before the .Saints can 
enjoy their rights and live in peace. Great bitterness is often 
manifested towards the Elders, and there are but few, com- 
pared with the many, who seem disposed to listen to their 
preaching. There are none who manifest more animosity than 
those who have apostatized and returned from Utah. There 
are some who failed to gather with the Saints at the proper 
time, and have fallen into darkness, but still recollect the joy 
they once had in the testimony of the truth. There are many 
others who know but little about the Saints, except what they 
have learned from their enemies. Among all these, embracing 
a graat variety of religious opinions, a few are being gathered 
out by the Elders; but it is much like picking up a tew scat" 
tered sheaves after the harvest is over. Every species of 
wickedness is very prevalent throughout the land, and thous- 
ands feel a dread of the immediate future without knowing 
why. 



ENTOMOLOGY-1TO. 6. 



BY W. D. JOHNSON, JTN. 



H E M I 1' T E R A 



I presume most of our readers are acquainted with the 
little insects commonly known as "plant lice," which 
are found upon almost every plant and tree that grows in the 
garden. 

The proper name of these little pests >s aphides, from the 
Greek word aphis, meaning to exhaust; they belong to the sub 
order of hemiptera. They pass through only a partial trans- 
formation; the males only have wings; which are four in num- 
ber, the upper ones being nearly twice as large as the lower, 
and much larger than the body. They are of a triangular 
shape, almost vertical when folded, and cover the body like a 
sharp ridged roof. The aphides have long tubular beaks, a 
characteristic of this order of insects, that are generally two- 
thirds the length of the body, sometimes much longer. Their 
bodies are short, oval and soft; at the extremity of the body 
are two little tubes or pores which discharge a fluid as sweet as 
honey, which has been denominated honey dew. Their heads 
are small, eyes globular; they have no eyelets, as other insects 
of this order have. The antenna- are generally long an I 
tapering; legs long and very slender, the feet have only two 
joints. 

There are numerous varieties of aphides of all colors, as 
almost every tree and plant has a kind peculiar to itself; they 
are very small, generally about one twentieth of an inch in 
lemrth. 

The most common species i- the rose louse, which i.-. ol a 
green color aud is furnished with a conical stylet between the 
honey tubes. The cabbage louse has long honey tubes, and is 
covered with a white mealy substance. The willow louse is of 
a black color, and communicates a reddish Or deep orange stain 
when crushed. It i- quite huge, being one tenth ol an inch 
in length. 

Some of these insects live under ground, on the roots of 
herbaceous plants, and do much injury in a light soil. 

Aphides live in communities and are often found in such 

dense masses thai they hide the branches and twigs they are 

on; they arc constantly engaged in imbibing the juice of plants 
with their long tubular beaks, and they seem to gel SO fall that, 
if it were not. for the little honey till • . thai exude il in small 
drops they would burst. 



The nni-cilar power of the human body is wonderful. A 
Turkish porter will run quickly carrying a weight of 600 lbs; 
and a man of Crotona is said to have lifted an ox weighing 
upwards of 1000 pounds! II alter mentions that he saw a man. 
whose finger being caught in a chain, at the bottom of a mine. 
by keeping it forcibly bent, supported by 'hat means the weight 
of his whole body, 150 lbs, till he was drawn up to the surface, 
a height of 600 feet! The mosl prodigious power of the muscles 
is exhibited by li>h. A whale moves with a velocity through 
the dense medium of water, thai would carry, him, if continued 

at the same rate, round the world in little more I ban a fortnight; 

and a -weird fish has been known to strike his weapon quite 
thruu Ii ile plank of a ship! 



Nevkk harbor animosity toward a friend for a more hasty 
expression. Forgiveness is a God-like quality, and ■ true 
friend is so scarce I but he should not be repudiated on slight 
!.'rounds; but those who ininre yon from "malice prepense 
sho i d lie shunned :i- you wuul I avoid a luc. 



It* 



The most singular fact in regard to these interesting insects 
is that they are of the same use to the ants as cows are to 
man; they are called ant cows by naturalists. 

Ants hold these insects as property, and when they find an 
aut from some other nest among their cows they drive him off 
with but little ceremony. Some kinds of ants carry these 
aphides to their nests, place them on the plants near by, and 
surround them with a wall to keep them from escaping. They 
take the greatest care of them and watch them continually, 
removing all dirt and rubbish, aud driving away all insects 
that would harm them. Thus they absolutely rear the cattle 
that afford them so large a supply of good and wholesome food. 

The ants when they are hungry, crawl up the plants on which 
the aphides feed, and touch them gently with their antenna- 
on the .sides, when the lice will discharge a minute drop of 
fluid from their honey tubes which the ants immediately drink; 
thus they keep tapping one aud then another until they have 
satisfied their appetite. The lice do not seem in the least 
annoyed at this, but live on the best possible terms with them. 

One kind of aphis produce swellings on plants, like the gall 
insects, and lay their eggs on the inside, but these are without 
honey tubes and have a short antennas. 

Aphides have three insect enemies, which seem expressly 
created to keep their numbers in check. The most prominent 
of these are the little beetles familiarly known as "lady bugs," 
and scientifically as coccinellidae. They are generally yellow or 
red, spotted with black; or black with white, yellow or red 
spots. They live upon plant lice, both in the larva and perfect 
state, aud hence they are of great service to the gardener. 
Their young are small flattened grubs of a bhiisl j; blue black 
color, spotted generally with red or yellow, and have six 
legs near the fore part of the body; they are hatched from 
yellow eggs laid in clusters among the lice, so that when 
hatched they are within reach of their prey, which from their 
superior strength and si/.e they slaughter in great numbers. 

The larva of a lace-winged fly, called "chrystopa perla," 
destroys a great many; this fly is of a pale green color, has 
four wings, resembling delicate lace, and eyes of the brilliancy 
of polished gold, as its name indicates. It looks somewhat 
like a dragon fly (Devil's darning needle), only much smaller. 
There is also a little ichneumon fly that lays its eggs in the 
body i f the lice; ir is black with yellow bands on the abdomei ; 
it belongs to the genus syrphus, and of the sub order i f 
dip era 





180 



J- IT "V IE 1ST I !_. B I1TSTBTJOTOB. 




OH COIMIIE TO THE STJ3 STIDA Y SCHOOL AATZTH ZMi:E. 
Invitingly by A. C. S. 



-P=- 



Oh come to the 
We've teacDers and 



:t= 



± 



1= 



=1= 



:p^ff=(?=d 



Sunday 

-4- 



:£= 



=P=: 






School with me, Where sweetly the hours will 



pass 






t^£=3~ 



1=3 






^F 



a 



L-ps; 






,:g:. 



scholars 



=1==p==|=:i=-l 1= 

h=P=«= *=| =g3=p— 



kind and true; We've plenty of books both 
L-J— i _qp= z =-p-.T=rr= r» 



old 



and 



il 



:=l" 



;lHiillli 



=M- 



Efct==: 



:p=*:: 



=t:: 



= tr=t£— 
way; Oh come wuh a loot 

^£= 



[r=fc|= 



!=pp: 



3-p=«=»=3=^i:3= -=«=£=3 =?2 - 

-d ===d-|=d - | I — | — i-l 



t_g=J=!-*=*=J=3 
new. We read, and we 



step 



lay, 



light and free, And make no de 

rzjzq— J- 



Make no de 

3=^ 



lay. 

Fine 



==q=rr===:j — [ =g=pig- j_J qra; 



sing 



— ~ ~$£. 

and join in prayer. Tis sweet to be there, sweet to be there. 

Fine 




A - round and a - bout us true happiness floats, While voices that love us breathe out their soft notes. No 



=r 



=fcfc 



— -. — s — i- 



± 



3g=3#: 



* 



3: 



=-==>_=— 



afc=* 



ES=3E3EpEpE^= g -S=^£gEg 



A - round and a - bout us true happiness floats, While voices that love us breathe out their soft notes. No 

r* | i I r-i 1 V — !- 



:t=>=t-=t 



t— ~P=i 



il^^^li^^isi^g 



-*r-m- 



ill 



=£=ffdi!!E 






# 



:t 



=£=*- 



3=: 






place is so pleasant, so 



"iTJi"=S ===q=l 

»-— S — * — I— »— « — m 

^-*-bz3-r-*-^ 



happy and free , As the 

*=j=r:ir::1=r>==q=^-_p__p_: 



dear Sunday 

-J 



School tor 



you and me. Oh 
B s alfine 



place is so pleasant, to 



; : :prz«=p_q 



zp-prrp: 
it= F-F : 



happy and 

4= 



Iliipp=^E3^?|psiiiiiips 



-' — ^ - 



free As the 



dear Sunday 



School for 



I 



:|=: 



you and me. Oh 



:4==t 



-^—mT- 



:n-< 



SUNDAY LESSONS 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



TP < HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROrHET. — LESSON XXX VI. 




Q. — What did Joseph and his brethren do with the land in 
Unit country? 

A. — They consecrated and dedicated it for the Saints to gather 
upon. 

Q. — Who offered up the prayer? 

A.— Elder Sidney Rigdon. 

Q. — When was this done? 

A. -On the -2nd of August, 1831. 

Q.— When was the spot for the Temple dedicated? 

A.— On the following day, August 3rd. 

A. — How many wee present at the dedication? 

A. — Eight men. 

Q. — Who offered up the prayer at the dedication? 

A. — Joseph Smith. 

Q.— What portion of Scripture was read? 

A.— The87lh Psalm. 



Q. — When was the first conference held in the land of Zion? 
A.— On the 4th of August, 1831. 
Q. — In what place? 

A. — In the house of Joshua Lewis, in Kaw Township. 
Q. — Who were mostly present on that occasion? 
A. — The Colesville branch of the Church. 
Q. — Whore did that branch of the Church emigrate from? 
A. — Colesville, Broome Co., New York. 

Q. — When did Joseph and some of the Elders leave Indepen- 
dence for Kirtland? 

A.— On the 9th day of August, 1831. 



JTTVZEILTIILjE IIsrSTR,TJ-OTOi^ 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERT MONTH. 
GEORGE Q. CANN ON, - - - - - - EDITOR. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Singh Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 
j^SJ-Offiee, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacl 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




