
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKK CITY. FEBRUARY 15. 18Gn. 



NO. 4. 



T^BS^XjOn^d:.— THIE IFK^XJITS OIF E^EBIBLnijIOlNr. 



-rne 



(^ 



DAVID, King of Israel, had a number of sons. The}' v ere, 
doubtless, very fine looking men; for king David, him- 
self, when j'oung was rudd}', and of a beautiful countenance. 
But uf all his sons Absalom was the most beautiful. It is said 
concerning him, that in all Israel there was none to be so much 
praised as Ab.saloin for his beauty; from the sole of his foot to 
the crown of his head there was no blenii.sh in him. He had a 
magnificent head of hair, too, of which he was very proud | 
We think he must have been prouJ of it, for, when he cut hi? 
hair at the end of each j'ear, he had the hair weighed. It | 
weighed two hundred shekels. As near as we can learn, two 
hundred shekels would be about six pounds and a quarter of i 
our weight. Eventually, his hair of which he was so vain, I 
proved the means of his 
death. 

It seems that Absalom 
was an ambitious man. 
His father David was 
king; but he was not 
content to let his father 
reign; he wanted to be 
king. He must have 
been an ungrateful, 
wicked man, or he never 
would have let such 
thoughts enter into his 
heart A g'^od, obedi- 
ent son, would be glad to 
sec his father have the 
confidence of the people, 
and reigning as king. 
.Such a son would watit 
his father to live, and he 
would do all in his power 
to increase his kingly 
dignity. Instead of do- 
ing so Absalom tried to 
steal the hearts of tlic people away from his lather. When 
the men of Israel came to King Daviil to get counsel and to 
have liiin decide their cases, Ali.-alom wnuld place himself 
where ho could meet ihein. lie would a.'-k lliciu where they 
wi-rc from and the nature of their cases. When tlii'V wnuKI 
tell him, his reply was: '"i'liy matters are good and ri.L'ht; but 
th(! king lias not given any man authority to hear thec!." He 
would also add: "Oh that I were made judge in the land, that [ 
every man which hath any .suit or cause might come unto me, j 
and I woidd do him justice!" And when any man came and 
bowed heCnre Iiiin and did him honor bt^causc he was tiie king's 
son, he would embrace and kiss him. This was a veiy cunniii^r 



f^-i^^M^^. 




plan to injure his father's influence and to increase his own. 
TiiQ peoi.ile thought him a very excellent young man; he was 
so amiable and had such kind manners! But it was the throne 
he was after, acd not the wolfire of the people. 

He pursued this course until he concluded the people 
thought more of him than they did of his father. Blaking 
an excuse to get away from Jerusalem, he went to Hebron — the 
old cai)ital of the nation. He sent his spies throughout the 
kingdom and was succes.sful in getting a great number of the 
people to follow him. Thus he became a traitor to his father 
and his king. 

When David heard of Absalom's rebellion, and that the 
hearts of the people were with hiui, he urged his servants to 

arise and flee from Jeru- 
salem. He took the 
principal part of his 
household with him. 
Many of David's old 
friends joined him in 
this, his hour of afflic- 
tion. Among the 
rest was one named 
Hushai, called the Arch- 
itg. David told him 
that he would rather he 
would not go with him. 
But, said he to Hushai, 
"if thou return to the 
city, and say unto Absa- 
lom, I will be thy ser- 
vant, king, as I have 
been thy father's servant 
hitherto, so will I now 
al.so be thy servant: then 
niayest thou for me de- 
feat the counsel of Ahi- 
thophol." 

This Ahithophcl, had been King David's counselor. Absa- 
lom had .sent for him and he had joined in the rebellion. He 
was a very wise man in counsel. It is said of him that his 
counsel which he gave to I ing David, and also to Absalom, 
was "as if a man had in(|uircd of the orado of (lod." 

^\'hen nushiii came to Absalcuii, he wanted to know why lie 
had not gone with his futhi<r, who was his friend. J}ut Hushai 
(piiclcd his susiiicions and salislicd him. 

Absalom soon wanted cotuisd, so he asked (hem to say what 
they should do. Among other things Ahithophcl i>ropnscd 
that Absalom should let him choo.se ten thousand ni'n, and ho 
would start after David that night. Ho argued that he could 



•<!^W 



m t'ji' 



%^^^- 



■==-^^^e! 







Cr TJ AT E 1^ I L E! i:tTSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



-=^^^ 



nc« 



come upon him when he would be weary and weak-handed, 
and the people would flee; he would kill David and he would 
bring back all the people to Absalom. This eounsol pleased 
Absalom and the leading men who were with him. But Absa- 
lom thought he would like to hear what Hushai would .say 
about it. So Hushai came. When he heard what counsel 
Ahithophel had given, he saw that if it was loliowed, it would 
bring destruction upon David. He said it was not good coun- 
sel. He advised Absalom to stop and gather all Israel to.netb- 
er from Dan to Beersheba, and then to go himself out at their 
head in pursuit of David. When Absalom and the people 
heard this counsel, they liked it better than Ahithophel' s. 
"For the Lord had appointed to defeat the good counsel of 
Ahithoiihel, to the intent that the Lord might bring evil upon 
Absalom." Ahithophel felt so had, when he saw his counsel 
was not followed, that he went home and hanged himself 

Hushai .sent word to David respecting the counsel that had 
tieen given, and also what Absalom intended to do. This gave 
David time to pre]iare and to organize his forces. He appoint- 
ed captains of hundreds and captains of thousands, and he 
divided his army into three, and placed three generals in 
charge. He wanted to go with tham himself; but the people 
■would not consent; they insisted that he should keep out of 
the battle. 

The fight was a desperate one; but David's army was victo- 
rious. Absalom rode off from the battle on a mule. It is 
likely he rode away in a hurry, for, as he went under the 
boughs of a great oak, his head caught in the tree and his 
mule ran from under him, and left him hanging there. If you 
look at the engraving, you will see him hanging in the tree, 
and the mule running away. In the foreground there is a man 
lying on the ground, who was killed, doubtless, in the battle. 
In the distance, to the left, there is a man with a spear, ap])ar- 
ently riding in pursuit of Absalom. 

What a bad position is Absalom's? His heavy head of hair, 
of which he was so proud, was not an advantage to him in the 
end. One of the men who saw him hanging in the oak, told 
Joab, the principal general of David's army, about it; and 
Joab took three darts and thrust them through Absalom's 
heart. Thus perished thiS rebellious and ungrateful son. 



Xj I IF" E 
S T E 



OIF C3- E O lE^ C3- E 



Taken from a Utile n-ork — The HorKV/v— published by the 
A)iu'>-icaji Tracl fiucicty. 



THE nVO CITIE.S TRYINii AG.MX — BUGBE.VRS. 



THE proposed route had to cross an ugly quagmire, several 
miles in extent, called Chat Moss, a very shaky piece of 
land, no doubt; and here the opposition took a strong stand. 
''No engineer in his sen.ses," cried one, ' would think of going 
through Chat Moss. No carriage could stand on the Moss 
short of the bottom." 

"It ia absurd to hold out the notion that locomotives can 
travel twice as fast as stagecoaches," says another; "one might 
a.-^ soon trust himself to a rocket, as to the mercy of a machine 
going at that rate. " 

"Carriages cannot go at anything like that speed," added 
another; "if driven to it, the wheels would only spin on their 
axles like a top, and tiie carriages would xiawl stock-still!" 

So much for learned arguments against it. 

Then came the dangers of it. The dumb animals would 
never recover from the sight of a locomotive: cows would not 
give their milk; cattle could not graze, or horses be driven 
along the track, cried the opposition. 



"^^ to that," said Stephenson, "come to Kilhngworth and 
see. More quiet and sensible beasts cannot be found in the 
kingdom. The farmers there never complain." 

"Well," asked one of them, "suppo.se, now, one of those 
engines to be going along a railroad at the rate of nine or ten 
miles an hour, and that a cow were to stray upon the line and 
get in the way of the engine, would not that, think you, be a 
very awkward circumstance?" 

"Yes," answered Stephenson, with a droll twinkle in his 
eye, "very awkward indeed — for the coo!" 
The fellow, as you may suppose, backed off. 
The danger in other respects was thus dwelt on: "In addi- 
tion to the smoke and the noise, the hiss and the whirl, which 
locomotive engines make, going at the rate of ten or twelve 
miles an hour, and filling the cattle with dismay, what," asked 
an honorable member, "is to be done with all those who have 
advanced money in making and mending turnpikes? What 
yith those who may still wish to travel in their own or hired 
can-iages, after the i'ashion of their forefathers? What is to 
become of coach-makers and harness-makers, coach-masters 
and workmen, innkeepers, horse-breeders, and horse-dealers? 
Iron would be raised one hundred per cent., or more probably 
exhausted altogether! The price of coal would be ruinous. 
Why, a railroad would be the greatest nuisance, the biggest 
disturbance of quiet and comfort, in all parts of the kingdom, 
that the ingenuity of man could invent." 

Kot content with belittling his engine, they could not stop 
short of abusing Stephenson himself. "He is more fit for 
Bedlam than anywhere else," they cried; "he never had a 
pl.n.n, he is not capable of making one. Whenever a difiiculty 
is pressed, as in the case of a tunnel, he gets out of it at one 
end; and when you try to catch him at that, he gets out at the 
other." 

"We protest," they said, "against a measure supported by 
.such evidence and founded upon such calculations. We pro- 
test against the Exchange of Liverpool striding across the land 
of this country. It is despotism itself " 
What had the friends of locomotive power to .saj-? 
"We beseech you," they pleaded to the committee, "not to 
crush it in its infancy. Let not this country have the disgrace 
of putting a stop to that which, if cheii.shed, may in the end 
prove of the greatest advantage to our trade and commerce. 
We appeal to you in the name of the two largest towns in 
England; we appeal to you in the name of the country at large; 
and we implore you not to blast the hopes that this powerfid 
agent, steam, may be called in aid for the purpo.se of land 
communication; only let it have a fair trial, and these Uttle 
objections and iirivate prejudices will be done away." 

Flaws were picked in the surveys, and the estimate of costs 
based on them. The surveys, quite likely, were imperfect; 
indeed, how could they be otherwi.se, when eveiy mile of the 
line had to be done at the ri.sk of their necks? 

The battle lasted two months, and a very exciting one it was. 
It was skillfully and powerfully carried on. Who beat? 
The opposition. The bill was lost. 

Matters looked dark enough. Judging from appearances the 
enteriirisc was laid on the shelf, and the day of railways long 
put off. As for poor Stcphen.son, his short day of favor 
seemed about gone. His being called a madman, and regarded 
as a fool, as he had been by the opposition, was not without its 
effect upon his newly-maae friends. Their faith in him sensi- 
bly cooled. But he did not lose faith in him.self, not he. He 
had waited long for the triiimijh of his engine, and he could 
wait longer. A great blessing; to the nation was locked up in it, 
he well knew, and the nation weuld have it .sometime, in spite 
of everything. 
Was the enterpri.se a second time to be abandoned? No, no. 



fe'^^. 



yc? 



(?=- 



a"TJ^EIfTIILjE IInTSTI^TJOTOI^ 



I 



Taking breath, its friends again started on their feet. Never 
give up, was their motto, for they were in earnest. They 
rallied, and met in London to consult what to do next. 

I\Ir. Huskisson, a member of Pailianient for Liverpool, came 
into the meeting and urged them to try again — to try at- the 
next session of Parliament. 

"Parliament must, in the end, grant you an act," he said, 
"if you are determined to have it." And try they determined 
to, for a horse railroad at least. 

For this purpose another and more careful survey had to be 
made. 

Stephenson was loft out. A known man must be had. They 
meant to get surveyors and engineers with well established 
reputations to back them up. Stephenson was too little 
known. He had no fame beyond a little circle in one corner of 
the kingdom. How did he feel to be thus thrown in the back 
ground? George was not a man to grumble; he was too noble 
to complain. In fact, you see, he was ahead of the times; too 
far ahead to be understood and appreciated. He could afford 
to wait. 

Two brothers by the name of Rennie were appointed in his 
stead. In time the new survey was finished; the plans drawn, 
and the expense reckoned ap. Changes wore made in the 
route. Ill-tempered land owners were left one side, and every 
ground of complaint avoided that could be. 

The new bill was then can-ied to Parliament, and went before 
the committee in iNIarch the next year. The opposition was 
strong indeed, but less furious. Much of its bitterness was 
gone. It made a great show of fears, which the advocates of 
the bill felt it was not worth while to waste words in answering. 
They left it to the road to answer them. Build it, and see. 

Mr. Huskisson and others supported it in a strong and manly 
tone; and after a third reading, the bill passed in the House of 
Commons. So far, so good. It then had to go to the House 
of Lords. What would befall it there? The same array of 
evidence on both sides was put forward. The poor locomotive 
engine, which had proved such a bugbear in the House of 
Commons, was regarded as quite a harmless affair by most of 
the lords; and the opposition made such poor work in showing 
of its dangers, that no plea in its behalf was called for. They 
were satisfied, they said, and the 1)01 passed almost unanimous- 
ly. Victory! Victory! 

The victory cost more than one hundred thousand dollars! 

For a fir.st cost it looked large. But nothing worth doing can be 

done without effort, and efl'ort made on faith. Nothing done, 

nothing have. 

To be Continued. 



WHO ARE THE BEST BOYS.— A gentleman a few 
weeks since, advertized for a boy to assist in a warehouse, go 
errands, etc. But a few hour.s after the moining papers had 
published that such a boy was wanted, we are informed that 
the gentleman's counting room was thronged with applicants 
for tlie situation. The advertiser, at a loss to decide among 
so many, concluded to dismiss them all, and adopt an expedi- 
ent which he ' thought might reduce the number, and aid him 
in the difficult decision. 

On the morning following an advertisement appeared in tlie 
papers to this effect: "Wanted to assist in a warehouse, a boy 
who obeys liis mother." Now, my little friends, how many 
boys, tliink you, incjuired for the situation after this advertise- 
ment appeared? If I have been rightly informed, among all 
the lads who were wanting the means of earning a living, or 
getting a knowledge of business, there were but two who could 
come fearlessly forward, and .say, "I obey my mother." 






F 




■hli%. 



^ I S I T 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

:^^7- XTX . 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE, 



[CONTINUED.] 

ELDER R. felt very happy to hear papa say: "I wish to be 
baptized; ' ' for he took quite an interest in this amiable fami- 
ly. There was a font in one corner of the hall which was covered 
over when not used. To this Elder R. directed his attention, 
and arranged to baptize him the next evening. 

The family returned home very well satisfied with the instruc- 
tions of the evening. Papa told mamma that he intended to 
be baptized the ensuing evening. "I am very glad to hear it," 
said mamma, "for I have for some time wished to be baptized 
and I will accompany j-ou. " 

The next evening they went down to the hall and found Elder 
R. awaiting them. He introduced them to an amiable woman, 
the wife of the elder who had charge of the hall. They found 
every convenience, with dressing rooms where they disrobed 
and prepared for baptism. There was a square, spacious font with 
steps going down into the water. Elder R. led papa first down 
into the water, and calling him by name, said, "having authority 
from the Lord Jesus Christ, I baptize you for the remission of 
your sins in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the 
Holy Ghost;" he then immersed him, that is, buried him be- 
neath the water. Jlamma then stepped boldly down the steps 
into the water and was baptized in like manner. 

In the false churches of so-called Christendom they take little 
children and sprinkle a little water in their faces, and call this 
baptism, and say it is "an outward spiritual form of an inward 
spiritual grace." This is the result of the apostacy or falling 
away from the truths of Jesus, the result of the loss of the 
Priesthood, and the fulfilment of the prophecy of Paul, written 
in his sacred epistle to the Thessalonians, Chap. II; "Now we 
beseech you brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, 
and by our gathering together unto him, that ye be not soon 
shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, 
nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. 
Let no man deceive you by any means : for that day shall not 
come except there come a falling aicay first." 

Papa and mamma returned home feeling very peaceful and 
happy, and that night, before retiring to rest, papa prayed with 
much fervor that they might keep the covenant they had made 
to .serve God and keep his commandments. I should have told 
you that Elder R. , before taking them down into the water, 
asked them if they would serve God and strive to keep his com- 
mandments. The following Sabbath, after dinner, they again 
went to the hall, and, previous to taking the sacrament, the pre- 
siding elder called them forward, and he and other elders laid 
their hands upon their heads and confirmed them, prophesying 
upon them and blessing them with the gift and power of the 
Iloly Ghost. They then, for the first time in their lives, par- 
took of the bread and wine in commemoration of the death and 
sufferings of Jesus Ciirist. 

After the meeting l<]]der R. accompanied them home, and as 
they were at supper, Pajia asked him if it was not right to gath- 
er to America. "Yes," replied Elder II., "as soon as you can 
obtain means to go, start and go right through to the Rooky 
Mountains, for there is where the Lord has appointed for the 
gathering of his people. 

(To be Continued.) 





■'-^t>?g.rywr^>>ng^r* 



''^r=r:'^LJ ^tsn'fl^'»!fJ-*^xra^-,^B-rL'i^Kat--i'^',r..'mrr.. rr. 



CT TJ "^ S IN" 1 1 



IZ>TST2^"LJCTOi^. 



^S 



&$ Sn^tmU imUnttu. 



p 



F E B U U A 11 Y 1 0, 1 S GS . 




HILDHOOD and youth are the best sea- 
sons in life to study. Tiie mind is tlien 
free from care, and the memory is not 
burdened with business. Young people, 
wlio turn tht-ir attention to study, can 
easily learn and reeolleet what they read or 
i~ 'yi'-'xi' c -^f-^— what is taught to them. The niirjd is 
^K JV/=;^^ J bright and active, and does not readily 
"'" "" ' part with any knowledge that is ini])arted 

unto it. If you converse with aged per- 
you can prove this. You will find that they 
recollect the events of their childhood and 
ith without any difficult)'. Their memories 
will recall conversations that occurred, probably 
seventy years previously; but the things which 
happened a few years before they can not, remem- 
■ /-f? j-o ber. 

J^tly For this reason the hours of youth are precious. 
Cr^ Their moments are golden. They should not be idly 
spent. Still it would not be wise for boys and girls to do nothing 
else but study. Such a course windd be very likely to injure them. 
They should have time to play and amuse themselves. If any 
of our little readers have a good bow, they do not always keep 
it bent. When they have done using it, and before putting it 
away, they unloose the string. If they did not, it would toon 
lo,se its strength and spring, and ihcy could not shoot with it. 
It is just so with the mind. It cannot always be kept bent or 
on the strain, without being injured. Therefore, ama-ement 
and play are necessary to keep it strong and full of vigor. But 
too much amusement, i.s al=o an evil. The mind is injured by 
it, and it becomes feeble. Cliildrcn need lime to .'-tudy, and 
time to play. When they study, they should woik hard. 
Then when they play they should di.'-miss their studies from 
their minds and let their thoughts be upon what then engages 
their attention. So, also, when they leiuin to their studies, 
their minds should not be tilled with thoughts of their play; 
but be upon their books. 

Children, you have excellent ojiportunities now of obtaining 
learning. Put them to a good u.'-c. Leain all you can while 
you are young and have the time to study. Head good books, 
and read them with caie. By so doing, what you read will be 
fastened upon your memories and Le of u>e to jou. You will 
soon grow up to be young men and women. Then, if you 
have been careless, you will feel the \o>» of learning, and you 
will wish that you had paid attention to it when you were 
children- 



When the Emperor Vespasian con:manded a Homan sena- 
tor to give his voice against the intere.-ts of the people, 
threatening hiin with immediate death if he refii>ed; the noble 
Koman answered with a sniile, ""Did I ever toll you that I was 
immortal' My virtue is at my own dispo,:al, my life at yours; 
do what you will, I shall do what I ought; and if I fall in the 
service of my country, I shall have more triumph in my death 
than you in all your laurels." 




ON TIIE HISTORY OP TIIE INDIANS 

Ilcpublished from No. 2. with their answers:— 




1. From whom have the American Indians descended? 

Lehi. 

'2. Was lie a good man and a Prophet? 
Yes. 

3. In wliat city did he live? 
Jerusalem. 

4. What is that country called which contains Jerusalem? 
Palestine. 

a. What name was it known by in the days of Lehi? 
Judea. 

6. Who was king of Jerusalem and Judoa at this time? 
Zedekiali. 

7. Wa^i he a good or a wicked king? 
AVieked. 

5. What was the general character of tho Jews at this time? 
Very bad. 

9. Did Lehi leave Jerusalem? 
Yes. 

10. Who told him to do so? 
The Lord. 

11. In what manner did the Lord first appear and speak to 
Lehi? 

As a pillar of fire. 

12. Did he see .ingels afterwards? 
Yes. 

1:5. Was he told that Jerusalem should be destroyed? 

Yes. 

14. For what reason? 

The wickedness of its inhabitants. 

1.5. How many sons had Lehi at this time? 

Four. 

16. Were they all good? 

>:o. 

George E. Emery forwarded us correct answers to the above 
questions. 



FOIt OUR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



111. Wh" of the Prophet Joseph's relatives abused him and 
offered him personal violence? 

112 What peculiarity was manifest in Joseph's letter to him, 
v.licn he requested to have his apostleship taken from him? 

113. During what winter did Joseph and tho leading elders 
study Hebrew? 

114. What was manifest soon after this among many of tho 
elders? 

11.5. When did Joseph and his counselors first mret in the 
Kirtland Temple, to atteiid to the ordinances of washing and 
anointing? 

lltj. Wliat were rpened to tliem during the meeting? 

117. Wlien was the house of the Lord in Kirtland dedicated? 

U.S. What holy ordinance was attended to on the Wednesday 
following? 

11!). What -was the result of the endowment which the elders 
there received? 

120. Wliat glorious tilings were revealed to Joseph on tho 
Sunday following? 



]>nTLF. Stella had been sitting for some time very quietly by 
her aunt, when suddenly looking up, she remarked, "Aunty, if 
all the lelks in the world should think out loud, what a racket 
there would be!" 



"If any one speak ill of thee, consider whether he has 
truth on his side; and if so, reform thyself," was the wise 
remark of an old philosopher. 







viiH 



^ 



CTTJ^^SZtTILTD UnTST 



TJGTO 



-jL^'i^ . 



S9 /'^o 



r) o 



/<'()?• i/ie Jiive7ii/e Jiist',uctu}-. 

ITOTJ IE AT E! K. T E L I_. 



IMEA.N naughty stones — lies. If you do I am sorry for j-ou, 
and I am sorry for your parents. i'ou cannot know, now, 
how grieved and unhapiiy it makes tliem feel when they find 
their little boys and girls trying to deceive them. But if you 
do not always speak the truth to your parents, your children, 
when you have them, will be very likely to do the same to you, 
then you will know how grievous it is to be deceived by those 
you so dearly love. But your parents and ea thly fiionds are 
not the only ones who feel sad when you tell lies. Vour Fatliei 
in heaven loves you very much, and wishes to sec you so truth- 
ful that he can believe all j'ou say and place confidence in you. 
But if you tell stories, you grieve His Tloly Spirit and it goes 
away from you, and then bad spirits come and take possession 
of you, and cause you to feel unhappy, and to say and do many 
wicked things; and, if you do not repent, you would grow n\< 
very bad men and women, and you could never go where God 
and Jesus live. You will feel 
very much ashamed and very 
sorry, when you grow older, to 
think that you were ever so 
mean and cowardly and wicked 

as to tell lies. Besides, when '' 

people find you out in a lie once, 
they do not know when to be- 
lieve you, even when jou do 
speak the truth, and it takes a long while before they can 
place confidence in you again. 

If any of you have been guilty of this great sin, I would 
advise you to go and tell your parents all about it, and tell the 
Lord too, and ask them to forgive you, and also ask God to 
give you the Spirit of truth, that you may always love and 
speak the truth in future. W. II. S. 



i'V)' the Juvenile Jnstructor. 

T h: IE s VxT o i?^ ID nri S I-I - 



BELOVv' we have a picture of one of the varied creations 
of God. A fish so strangely made that it has a mouth- 
without teeth, but, in their place, is armed with a sword or lance 
of such great strength and sharpness that it will, without fear, 
attack the monstrous whale. In fact, it seems as though 
nature had endowed it with a never-ceasing hatred to ihat giant 
of the waters, wiiich lends it to be for ever seeking to destioy 
its huge enemy. Why it is so we cannot say; but hundreds of 
sailors assert that they have seen these creatures attack the 
whale, whose vast size rendered it an rasy nuiik for the sword 
to be plunged into, and prevented it from resisting its much 
smaller and more nimble foes, the Sword fish being one of 
swiftest swimmers among the fishes. 

So ferocious are these fishes that they will often run their 
swords into the sides and bottoms of ships. Pcrha])s they 
fancy the ships are whales. It is no very uncommon thing for 
their swords to be found sticking into the bottoms of vessels 




<">>! 



FORGOT TO LOOK UP.— I have somewhere seen the 
story of a man who went one evening to steal corn from his 
neighbor's field. He took his little boy with him to sit on the 
fence and keep a look-out,so as to give warning in case any oi.e 
should come along. The man jumped over the fence with a 
large bag on his arm, and before commencing to take the corn, 
he looked all around, first one way and then the other, and not 
seeing any person, he was just about to fill his bag. Then the 
little fellow, his son — a good little fellow he was, too, cried out: 

"Father, tliere is one way you haven't looked yet!" I'he 
father was startled, and supposed that some one was coming. 
He asked his son which way he meant. "Why," said the little 
boy, "you forgot to look up!" 

The father was conscie.jce-stricken; he came back over the 
fence, took his little boy by the iiand, and hurried home with- 
out the corn which he had designed to take. The little boy had 
reminded him that the eyes of God were upon him. "The 
eyes of the Lord are in every place beholding the evil aud the 
good." 



WnATEVEU you do, do it willingly. A boy that is whipped 
to school never learns his lesson well. A man that is driven to 
work cares little h(jw poorly it is done. He that pulls off bin 
coat cheerfully, >trips up his sleeves in earnest, and sings 
while he works, is the man for mc. 

A cheerful spirit gets on quick; 
A grumbler Id the mud will stick. 



which are under repair after a long voj'age. A story is told of 
one that run its sword into the British ship L<opard, on the 
coast of Guinea in Africa. The sword had gone through one 
inch of sheathing, nest through a three inch plank, and beyond 
that four inches and a half into the firm timber. Some of the 
workmen employed to repair the ship calculated it would take 
nine strokes of a hanjmer, weighing twenty-five pounds, to 
drive an iron bolt of the same size and form to the same depth 
into [he same hull; yet this was done by one single thrust. 

Though so dreaded'an enemy to the great whale, the Sword- 
fish falls a victim to a much snuiller creature than itself. A 
little shell fish fastens on its side and eats into its body until it 
is destroyed. It is also caught in great numbers by the fisher- 
men of Sicily; as the inhabitants of that island esteem it for 
food, either fresh or when salted. 

The Slediterranean Sea, which lies between Europe and 
Africa, is the favorite home of this fish. Here it chases the 
shoals of Tunny fish, transfixing them with its sharp sword. 
To ti)em it is what a 'Wolf is to a flock of sheep. It is also 
found in the Atlantic Ocean along the western sh.ores ot llluro'-e 
and Africa, from tlie Baltic sea to the Cape of Good Hope. It 
has been also caught, though rarely, in ihc Pacific Ocean. 

There are two kinds of this fish: the common one, which we 
have tried to describe, and another and l:ii-ger species found in 
the Indian Ocean. The common sort mcasuies about twenty 
feet, of which its sword, its powerful weapon of attack and 
defence, measures about one third. G. 11. 



BEG, BOIlIlOW, OR S'l'lCAL.— "I wish I could beg, 
borrow, or steal some money," said an idle boy. To beg ho 
ought to bo ashamed; to borrow he ought to he afraid; to steal 
he ought never even to think of Stealing should never cross 
your mind. The best way, and only true way is to earn. Beg- 
ging, borrowing, and stealiiig, arc Satan's work, which he is vciy 
apt'to give idle hanils to do. But it is poor pay. ^ None ever 
found themselves in the end any better oil Imm following his 
advice; only worse otf, a hundred times. Em|.)loy your hands 
in honest and useful work, and you will find your reward, both 
in this world and that which is to come. 



h 





Cr XJ "V" IB ILT I Xj IB in^STI^TJCTOI?. 



Anginal f^i^t%v%. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

coxjLEGE OIF H:E^v"E3sr. 

SONG FOR THE 13TH WARD SUNDAY SCHOOL. 



TUNE. — ''Come, let us be happy together." 

TVe are blest: — We are Sunday-school scholars; 

And schools are now open for all 
Of the young who are seeking for knowledge — 

There's room for the large and the small. 
The truths we are taught in our childhood, 

Are treasures more precious than gold; 
And all who would gain thein, may freely obtain them, 

And truth will not fade and grow cold. 

Chorus. 
Three cheers, for our Sunday-school teachers: 

To our God, sliall hosannas be sung: 
Hurra, for our Sunday-school union: 

'Tis the college of heav'n for the young. 

There's a foe that we all have to conquer — 

A foe that would fetter and bind. 
And confine in his dark, dreary prison, 

That beautiful jewel, the mind. 
Old ignorance he is the tj'rant — 

He makes our minds little and low; 
But they will grow bigger and bigger, when we pull the 
trigger 

Of study, and battle the foe. 

Chorus. 
We must all grasp and cling to onr studies. 

And don tlie rich armor ol thought; 
And must never, for once feel discouraged; 

And never too proud to be taught. 
■W'e can conquer the tj'rant witli learning: 

If each, with a firm, honest heart, • 
■U'ill join in the battle, we'll make his chains rattle, 

And ignorance soon will depart. 

Chorus. 

E. E. S. 






For the Juvenile Instructor. 

PRAYER. 

A TRUE STORY. 

[second ? a R T . ] 

T six o'clock the family went to chapel, little George bold- 
ing to his mistress' hand, and he sat beside her in the 
pew. lie did not wish to be seen by anybody, for fear he 
would be known as the little boy who had disturbed the uieet- 
hv; in the morning. 

During tlie preaching George fell asleep. Ho was overcome 
with the lieat of the chapel, which was lighted up with gas, 
and with having to sit so still in one place; besides, he was 
tired with the exciting incidents of the da}'. 



A 



When the preaching and singing were over, little George was 
woke up by his kind mistress, who bad let him lay his head on 
her lap while he was sleeping. When he had fairly woke up 
be said: 

"Are you going homo now?" 

"No, not until the prayer-meeting is over." 

JIany of the people who were in the chapel during the 
preaching went home; and the rest came into the body of the 
chapel to attend the prayer-meeting. 

Little George noticed, for the first time, in the front of the 
pulpit a space fenced off, with a nicely painted and polished 
banister, and it had all round it on the outside a low step which 
was cushioned with a red cushion. The minister who had been 
preaching during the day's services came out of a door on one 
side of the pulpit, and passed through a little gate in the 
banister, and stood inside of it wlien the singing commenced. 
It was a call upon sinners present to come to Jesus. 

The singing attracted little George's attention, for he was 
now quite wide awake and keen to ob.serve everything that was 
passing aroimd him. The words and tune of the song never 
afterwards escaped his memory. I will write the words that 
were sung, while I am, at the same time, singing the tune in 
my own mind. 

It ran thus: 

"Come to Jesus, come to Jesus, come to Jesus just now; 

Just now come to Jesus; 

Come to Jesus, come to Jesus, come to Jesus, come to 
Jesus, 

Come to Jesus, come to Jesus, come to Jesus, just now, 

Just now, just now, come to Jesus, 

Come to Jesus just now." 

After singing this over and over again, the man behind the 
banister knelt down and commenced to pray. While he was 
praying, one shouted "glory, glory to God;" another shouted 
"Amen, Amen;" another shouted "Come Lord, send thy 
power down upon us;" another shouted, "O Lord, save sinners 
just now;" and one man near to where George was sitting 
shouted at the top of his voice, "0 Lord, let there be a mighty 
shaking to-night among the dry bones." All these sayings 
and doings the simple-hearted boy did not understand, but 
while it was all mystery for him, it was so much for him to 
wonder at. 

He had been taught by his mother when be lived with her 
and his little sister, that jieoplo should pray to God, and that 
.Jesus Christ was his Savior, and that they both lived in heaven, 
which was up among the stars a long way off. Ho knew that, 
the llanters were praying to God, but when they told sinners to 
come to Jesus, and kneel at the foot of the cross, and touch 
the hem of His garment, and all that kind of thing, he could 
not understand it, for he could not see any Jesus to come to, 
nor any cross to kneel at the foot of, nor any garment to touch 
the licra of. 

After the minister had done praying he invited all who 
wished to find the Lord, and get their souls set at liberty to 
walk up to the banister. Several men and women walked up 
and kneeled on the red cushion, when a man, right in front of 
whore little George was sitting, shouted out at the top of his 
voice, "thank God, more souls for the land of Canaan." 

The singing again commenced which went in this way: 

"Send thy jiower, send thy power, send thy power just now, 

Just now send thy power, 

Send thy power, send thy power, send thy power, send thy 
power; 

Send thy power, send fhy power, send thy power just now, 

Just now, just now, send thy power; 

Send thy power just now." 

While this was being sung several men with white handker- 



[5^9= 






Sl^'» 




Cr TJ "V" El InT Z L E I 3^ S T I^TJ G T O I?.. 



chiefs around their necks, and no shirt collars, with their hair 
combed straight down exactly to the middle of their foreheads, 
gathered around the men and women who were kneeling on the 
red cushion at the banister. One of them began to pray, and 
then the rest of them began to talk to the men and women at 
the banister, and the minister inside of it told them to believe 
on the Lord Jesus Christ and they should be saved; and they 
made a great ado. Some of the sinners who were seeking the 
Lord at the banister began to pray, and the men in the white 
handkerchiefs shouted "glory, hallelujah," and moved about 
until they were all mixed up together, so much so that little 
George could hardly tell the one from the other, and everybody 
was praying all through the chapel, some shouting one thing, 
and some another. And there were men with white handker- 
chiefs hunting sinners all among the pews and benches to bring 
them to Jesus, until George did not know but that some awful 
thing was going to happen, for in all the fights and rows that 
he had seen in the streets of the big city, he had never seen so 
much confusion as he saw at that Kanter'spraj'er meeting. 

After laboring some time with the sinners seeking the Lord 
at the banister, the minister inside of it all at once informed 
the congregation that three, I think it was, more souls had 
found the Lord, had received the forgiveness of their sins, and 
their garments were washed clean in the blood of the Lamb. 
These were strange sayings to the ignorant boy, for he had not 
seen any lamb nor any blood, nor any washing going on, and he 
thought that the clothes of the men and women at the banister 
were just about the same color as they were before. 

The persons who were converted now went to their seats, 
some weeping and some blowing their noses and wiping away 
the sweat and tears from their faces; but theie was one man 
yet remaining at the banister who had not got converted. The 
minister and the other gentlemen with white handkerchiefs 
gathered around him, feehng determined that he should find 
Jesus before he left, so they commenced ts sing. 

"Send thy power, down upon him, down upon him, just 
now, 

Just now, down upon him, 

Down upon him, down upon him, down upon him, down 
upon him, 

Down upon him, down upon him, down upon him just now. 

Just now, just now, down upon him, 

Down upon him, just now." 

They then prayed with him and made a great effort to bring 
peace to his soul. After a while they said he had found the 
Lord. 

The meeting now came to a close, and little George returned 
home with his kind mistress, and was soon fast asleep in his 
little bed in the room containing the shoe-maker's benches and 
tools. 

I cannot at this time tell you the right way for sinners to 
come to Christ; but when I write again I will do so, for the 
Kantcrs and other religious sects, except the Latter-day Saints, 
know not how to lead men and women to Christy 

Uncle George. 

For the Juvenile Instructor. 

13AIIENTS, never, while under the sway of passion, correct 
your children. Their minds are pliant, and as the twig 
upon the tree, by continued bending, is shaped into its after 
growth, so their susceptible natures can, by harsh and unparcnt- 
like treatment, be made wayward, and too often receive a last- 
ing injury. Gentle reasoning will, in nine cases out of ten, 
efTect what iron rule can never accomplish. Li <;hil(lren, the 
taliiit is like a tonder plant, easily overshadowed by rank 



weeds; but if the ground is carefully cleared and watched, the 
tender shoot is strengthened and soon outstrips the assailing 
danger. Ere long their minds assume a cast, which may, when 
formed, bid the whirlwind spend its fury; they are safe against 
its fury. Jno. W. 

Salt Lake City, January 29th, 1868. 



iograj^in. 






THIE! 




UR little readers will recollect that in the 
last number we wrote about the arrival 
in England of all of the Apostles who 
went to that country to labor. We must 
now return to Nauvoo, or as it was then 
called Commerce, again, and continue our 
biography of Joseph. You can imagine 
how busy he must have been. All the 
labors connected with a new settlement 
had to be attended to; and the people 
were very poor, and much sickness prevailed. 
Yet he encouraged, directed and counseled 
them. He spared no pains to do them all the 
good he could, and to be a father to them. The 
instructions which he gave during those days 
were exceedingly rich and precious. Some portions 
of what he said are preserved in his history. 
Twenty-eight years have passed since they were 
giveii; but they are still interesting, and every Saint 
who reads them must do so with profit and delight. The 
wisdom and inspiration of the Almighty are visible in every 
line. 

On Saturday, October 5th, 1839, a general conference of the 
Church met at Commerce. Joseph was appointed President of 
the conference. He asked the brethren present for their views 
respecting making the pl'ace they then were in a Stake of Zion. 
He himself thought it a suitable ])lace. It was unanimously 
agreed upon that it should be appointed a Stake and a place of 
gathering for the Saints. William Marks was appointed Presi- 
dent of the Stake. There were three Bishops appointed to act; 
namely, BishopsEdward Partridge, Newel K. Whitney and "\'in- 
son Knight. A High Council was also organized. A vote was 
akso taken that a branch of the Church should be established on 
the other side of the river, at a place afterwards known as 
Nashville, Iowa Territory. Elder John Smith, Brother Geo. 
A. Smith's father, was appointed President of the Branch, and 
a High Council was also selected to act there. A number of 
brethren were chosen to be elders in the Church. The Confer- 
ence appointed Judge Elias Higbee to accompany Joseph and 
Sidney Rigdon to the city of Washington. This was for the 
purpose of laying the grievances which the Saints had endured 
in Missouri before the Congress of the United States. The 
Conference adjourned on the 7th. 

On the 2'.ith of October, Josei)h and the other brethren start- 
ed, accompanied by Brother O. I'orter Rockwell, for Wash- 
ington. Before reacliiiig Spring(i<'lil, (bey found ] Victor Robert 
D. Foster, and as Sidney Rigdon's health was jioor, he accom- 
panied them on their journey. At Springfield Joseph preached 
several times. From here they continued their journey in their 
carriage; but the roads were so b.ad and Sidney Rigdon's liealth 
was so poor, they could not travel very fast. Joseph felt that 









lie ouuiit to bo ill \Va.=!iington. So, on tha IStli of Noveiiibev, 
li3 and Judge Iligbeo left tlie ollievs to conic on at their leisure, 
aa-.l started by the quickest route for Wasliingfon. 

After the.v had left Brothers liockwell, Iligdon and Foster, 
and while they were on the niouiitaiiis some distance from 
Washington, the driver of t!ie stage tliey were in slepjied into 
a public hou=e to get some liquor. Wbile he was gone, tlie 
horses took fright, and ran down the hill at full speed. Tiiere 
were a number of passengers on board tbe coach, and they be- 
came very excited. Joseph did all be could to calm them, and 
to have them keep their seats ; but he had to hold one woman 
to keep her from throwing her infant out of the coach. As soon 
as be could do so, Joseph opened the door of the coach, and, 
securing his hold on tlic side the best way he could, he succeed- 
ed in getting into the driver's scat. He then pot hold of the 
reins, and was soon able to check the horses. They ran some 
two or three miles, but the coach, horses and passengers all es- 
caped without injur}-. The passengers wore loud in their praises 
of his daring. They thought liis conduct most heroic, and, 
when they found the horses quiet and themselves safe, their 
gratitude was unbounded. There were some members of Con- 
gress in the stage, and they thought there should be some pub- 
lic mention made of the daring deed, and they proposed naming 
it to Congress. But upon inquiring of Joseph wliat his name 
was, to mention as the author of their safety, they found their 
deliverer was Joseph Smith, the "31onnon Prophet," as they 
called him. The mere mention of the name was sufficient for 
them. Their manner underwent a great change, and Joseph 
heard no more of their praise, gratitude or reward. 

On the iiSth of November, lb39, he and Judge Higbee arri- 
ved at Wabhington. 






Bk.wei:. U. T. January 25th, 1SC8. 
Denr Brnthcr Cnnnon. — 'the lusle « liiih some of our young 
people liavc for iioi-'eZ rcailing, has induced me to forward the 
inclosed slip. wliieU if you lliiiili worth a phice in tlie JuvE.v- 
ILK I.v.sritfcTolt, might jirovo or serve as a warning to, at 
leA-st, .some parents as wcil as cliildrcn. It lias seemed tome 
for many yeirs tliat next to teaciiing ourcliildrcn tlie piinei- 
ples of ilie gosiicl, tlie furnishing of them with proper reading 
inalter is the most important. In this CDniiectioii I will reiniirk 
that in niyhiini'le opinion no family sliould be without that 
iuvalualjle little sheet the Juvenile Instuu'Ctou. 

Your ISrothiT, 1j.\niel Tyleb. 



yi>"GUr,.vrw s'jiciDt:— .v .ma.v kuixicd ry novels. 



n'%1' 



■T. n. W Ihitc, a young man alumt twonty-two years of ngc, 
C^mniiltcl suieitle at the Llates llmisc, Iiuh.in.ipolis, on .SonOay 
by takiiii; nmi pliine. JJu wa.s IVoni Owcii-lxir.-, Koolueky, 
nnJ W.ii ii h'ttu:- t> a onther nviidin j in Io'.iaiiapuii.<, in wliicii, 
to^eLlier will; uirerlions U>r his luniMal, he said: 

1 beiiuvc, witii (hif^ re>|iei-t l'"r the ini'innry of our mother, 
tint 1 h u<; iiihciUi-d this desire lor dtiitli iVoin lier, lor you 
Uii i\v t.i'.t s!ic attiMii to 1 snicido on mio oi'Cusiou at least. 1 
b.;:.ovo III the olu niaxini that the sins of the p.iients are visited 
nn llic cliildrPii. I wonlil jiive a ^'I'cat deal lo sop ymi, Carrie 
.'111 1 .Nl.iiiiec, lint I know ynu would want lo know why I was 
li'nv, and I don t know what 1 could trll you tliat you wouhl 
believe. I believe, brother, that if I bad never read a novel 
that I should be on tlii; high road to fainf and lortune; but, alas! 
I was allowed to read tlie vilest kind <jI novels when I was 
eight or nine years old. 1 :dnays loved lo re. id, and be lore I 
over ;,aw a novel I h id read what few books there were at 
lionip. If ifood books had lipeii furnished ine and nf» bad oni^s, 
I .-iiou'id have read them with a-i great zest a.s I did the bad 
onp-i. Biolli'^r. persuade all persons over wluim you have any 
intlaence, not to read noveis. — Cmcmtiati Uuzette. 




KCHOES. — Bells are a kind of eclio to repeat the thoughts 
of our hearts. Wc can make them say whatever we are think- 
ing about. There is an old story told of a poor hoy who once 
went to London to find employment; but, becoming discouraged 
at tbe poor prospect, he determined to leave the city and go 
wliere theie were fewer peojile. But as he was leaving the city 
some bells began to ring, and they said, "Return, and you 
shall be I^oid .Mayor of lAmdnn town." He obeyed the com- 
mand, whicli was only an echo of his own thoughts, and finally 
he beeanic what the bells said he should. 

I once knew a little boy who was cured of some bad faults in 
the same way. He had been indolent and troublesome at 
school, and after talking to him firmly, but kindly, his teacher 
said, ' Charlie, you are a lazy boy; you must try to do better, 
or you will never be worth anything." Tlie remark made a 
deep iniiuession, and he could think of nothing else on his 
way home. Some bells began to ring, and they only said the 
same thing: ''Cbailie; you are a la — zy boy!" Over and over 
the words were repeated, till Charlie's tears began to flow, and 
he said, "Well, I will not have everybody and everything tell- 
ing me that I am lazy!" And he tried so hard, that he did 
succeed in conquering his faults. And thus the bells cured 
Charlie. — Selected. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

C H ^ K. J^ ID E . 



BY JAilES E. SHEILEY. 



I am composed of 9 letters. 

jMy '^, 9i 8, 6, is a kind of grain. 

My 8, 5, 4, is a number. 

My 1, 2, 3, 8, is a herb that grows wild. 

My whole is a state in the Union. 

The answer to the Charade in No. 2, is CHRISTMAS. "Wo 
received correct answers from E. Baddley, A. Long, Mary J. 
Baddley, G. B. Lang, M. Speers. M. Ashman, Frank Cannon, 
J. Uuli jr., C. Denney, il. Brewer, W. Fowler, 0. Whitney, 
J. S. Thornton, J. K. Shelley, E. B. Thornton, W. Hunter, 
J. 11. McGaw, H. Hales, Martha J. Home, Coinelia H. 
blorne. 



A MAX feels relieved and gay when he has put his heart 
into his work, and done his best; but what he has done, or 
-aid otherwise, shall give hiiu no peace. 

"It chills my heart to hear the blest Supreme 
Kudely appealed to on each trifling theme; 
Maintain your rank: vulgaiiiy despi.-e; 
To swear is neither Ijrave, ];olite, nor wise'" 



jTJVEisriXjE in5rsTK.TJCTOi^ 

J.t piihbsned tit (ireuJ Salt L.nkf Vt-iy^ C't'ih 'Jeiritortj, 
ON TIIK FIUSl' A FIFTKKNTII OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A. PUBLISHER. 



SI»K!e Copy, v>er Annnni 

biDgie Copy, lor ^>lx Mijutli^.. 



..S3 00 
.. 1 50 



tf^ Jf in firpprirti u^hoYc nocnta fnvM'fxrd yi'imrft /hri/ tcHI be roitj-ionsihlp 
for (Ur pcipcr.s (hii.'i unified.: aii'i u/nn i '• 1.1/1 p'lionntLs are 7)iacie, thci/ 
will plfiMf jorufiiU t/icJH Willi the letter eont timng (he names 0/ Ute 
siitifiriiOer.'i 

*w- KIder ICni. //, Hhearman, Logan, uill act as General Agent f<yr 
Cae/te I'uliei/. 

ttiir (wrani l>rottf/ht to (his City for the Juvknu-K Instkuctor willbe 
received at tlie ojjiee oj our 2><^jJcr~l)iLab.liii.T 2se\vs buiLUjiscis. 



ilc^' 



^!5^?'H'^ 



m^JiyJiL-w 11 I iiiw.i>iji_ 1. 




