
VOL XII. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY I, 1877. 



NO. 3. 



tihiie great harry. 




THE great ship of Henry VIII., commonly called the 
Great Harry, was built about 1520. by the English, and 
has been styled the parent of the navies of the world. Her 
construction was considered to be a great triumph in ship- 
building, and gave an impetus to naval architecture, the 
effects of which are still felt in the desire of each nation to 
have vessels of 
a better char- 
acter than those 
of other coun- 
tries. We see in 
the picture of the 
Great Harry, 
a decided im- 
provement over 
the unwieldy 
hulks of former 
days: the shape 
of the bow and 
the general ar- 
rangement of 
the sails evince 
a desire to break 
away from the 
ancient models; 
but the project- 
ing prow of the 
galley i, -.till re- 
tained. Our 
great difiieiilty 

with these ves 
sels was that 
when applied to 
war purposes 
their lower tier 
of guns was so 
near the water 
a- t.. be abso 

lulely dangerous, [nd 1 a large vi 1 the Miry Rose was 

sunk al Spithoad, by the water entering her ports. The 
position of the wreck i- -till known, and as late an i - 10 several 

b ■ br h 1 'ladin/ '.'nil were obtained from if by divers, 

Dangerous as was this system of construction shipbuilders 

v-eni I i have been unable to invent ln-ttei methods, \l"iit 

the time of the building of the Great Harry the Spaniard 




whose naval power was fast increasing, built many large ves- 
sels. During the year 1600, several large vessels mounting 
three tiers of guns were built by this nation. Stimulated by the 
example, the English built in 1637, the Sovereign of the Seas t 
which was by far the finest specimen of a man-of- 
war that had yet been constructed. Many improvements 

were introduced 
in the fittings of 
this vessel; but 
the general 
model of former 
days was still 
adhered to. The 
lower and top 
masts were no 
longer made of 
one stick, but 
were jointed; 
top gallant masts 
and sails were 
also in use; in 
fact, the same 
general arrange- 
ment of mast*; 
and sails exists 
at the present 
day, having 
come down to 
us from that 
time with bul 
slight altera- 
tion-. Toward 
the close of the 
seven f een I b 
century, all the 
grea t naval 
powers bad so 
conformed t o 
English models in the construction of their vessels, that there 
was out little difference to be found in the build of an English, 
French, Dutch or Spanish oraft. By this time ships wen 
built of such a -i/e as to bo able to can their own provisions, 

which had provioi K ''een borne in vessels desig 1 especially 

for thai purpose [n the < srlj pari of the eighteenth oentury, 
the French made man] improvemenf in hip building; but 





26 



J TJ "V E 3ST I L E IITSTBUCTOR. 



^ 
$ 



the English, slow to follow, were still wedded to the building of 
ships which are described by their own authors as being "desti- 
tute of almost every principle that could constitute a ship of 
war; crank, heavy sailing, of ill stowage, confined and incon- 
venient in the hour of battle, the larger ships frequently 
incapable of using their lower deck guns except in the most 
moderate weather, and the smaller absolutely dangerous." 
Yet in such ships as these, and even in worse than these, were 
won the glorious triumphs of the English navy. 

About the year 1750, was built the Royal George; the 
spirit of advancement was aroused and the improved archi- 
tecture of this vessel was regarded at the time as a "paragon 
of beauty, and the nep'iis ultra in the science of naval archi- 
tecture." Her length was one hundred and seventy- eight feet 
(less than that of a modern gun -boat) and she carried one 
hundred guns. This vessel, during her existence, was the 
pride of the English navy; she carried more guns, had seen 
more actions, borne more admiral's flags and done more service 
for her country than any other vessel in the navy. She, like- 
wise, was lost at Spithead (similar to the accident that befel 
the Mary Rose). The French were, however, at this time the 
best ship builders in the world, at leas', their models were the 
best, as well in the merchant marine as in their navy, and it is 
due entirely to the great exertions of the French to improve 
their models, that other nations were compelled to follow. At 
the close of the eighteenth century we find that foreign navies 
were very much in the state that they had been fifty years 
before, and the French still built the best vessels. The 
American navy was but of small size, but the vessels compos- 
ing it were the finest in the world of their class. We built 
no line of battle ships, but confined ourselves to frigates which 
were built from models furnished by the best builders in the 
country, being remarkably well adapted for speed and for 
manoeuvring; they carried their guns well out of water and 
were much easier as sea boats in a gale. These good qualities, 
in connection with good gunnery, caused our navy to win for 
itself in the war of 1812, a name inferior to none in history. 
But during the middle of the present century, the application 
of steam to the propulsion of ships has caused a considerable 
alteration in ship building, and the cost of constructing one 
of our modern steam palaces would have almost paid for the 
building of an ancient fleet of many vessels. 



tagrajjhg. 



JOSEPH SMITH, THE 
IP E> OJFH E T . 

{Continued.) 



Q FIORTLY after the difficulty brought about by the violence 
O of William Smith, which we related in our last number, a 
debating school was established, and met in his house. Joseph 
met with the school, and gave the Elders some good counsel 
respecting debates. Some words were indulged in on the 
impropriety of continuing such meetings, Joseph fearing that 
they would not result in good. In the conversation which 
endued, William's anger became excited against his brother 
Joseph, and, before he could be stopped, he rushed upon him 
in a dreadful rage, and committed violence upon his person, 
the effects of which Joseph carried with him to his grave. 



Il^ 



This occurrred in William's house — a house which Joseph's 
kindness helped him to procure — and in the presence of their 
parents and their brother Hyrum. Joseph's feelings, on being 
thus treated, can not be described. To be thus abused, under 
any circumstances, by a brother would be a great cause ot 
sorrow. But for a brother to be beaten by his brother, who 
occupied so exalted a station as William did — one of the Twelve 
Apostles — how sore must have been his grief! 

William wrote him a long letter, in which he asked forgive- 
ness. In view of the many difficulties he had had with the 
Church, and the disgrace he had brought upon himself, and 
his strong passions, he asked that some one might be appoin- 
ted to fill his place as one of the Twelve Apostles. To the 
letter Joseph wrote an answer, and no one can read that reply 
without being forcible struck with the nobility of character 
which he di-played towards a brother who had so cruelly 
wronged him; godliness is breathed in every line. In the spirit 
of his high calling he said to him: "Grant me the privilege of 
saying, that however hasty or harsh I may have spoken at any 
iime to you, it has been done for the express purpose of 
endeavoring to warn, exhort, admonish and rescue you from 
falling into difficulties and sorrow which I foresaw you plung- 
ing into, by giving way to that wicked spirit, which you call 
your passions, which you should curb and break down and put 
under your feet, which if you do not, you never can be saved, 
in my view, in the Kingdom of God. " Prophetic words! 
which if William had taken to heart, would have saved him 
from many an evil and the wretched condition into which his 
conduct has since placed him. Joseph advised him to retain 
his Apostleship, and to rise up and make one tremendous effort 
and try to overcome his passions. 

A charge was preferred against William Smith before the 
First Presidency, but the day previous to the one appointed 
for the trial, Father Smith and his brother John, with his 
sons Hyrum, Joseph and William, met together and he 
addressed them in a most feeling and pathetic manner. The 
Spirit of God rested upon them, and William made a most 
humble confession and asked Joseph's forgiveness for the 
abuse he had offered to him. The spirit of confession and 
forgiveness was mutual among them, and they covenanted to 
build each other up in righteousness in all things, and not to 
listen to evil reports concerning each other; after this meeting 
they unitedly laid their hands on Joseph's cousin, George A. 
Smith, who was much afflicted with severe rheumatic affection, 
which caused great pain, and he was immediately healed. 

When the Council convened the next day, William humbly 
acknowledged the charges preferred against him, and asked 
the forgiveness of the Council and the whole congregation. 
The confession was accepted, and he was restored to fellow- 
ship. 

Joseph had a great taste for languages. What time he had 
to spare he spent in acquiring them. He studied Greek, and 
during the winter of 1835-0 a Hebrew school was established 
in Kirtland, Mr. Joshua Seixas being the teacher, which the 
leading Elders attended. They were much blessed in their 
studies. Joseph in alluding to their progress, said: "It seems 
as if the Lord opened our minds in a marvelous manner to 
understand His word in the original language; and mv prayer 
is that God will speedily indue us with a knowledge of all 
1 inguages and tongues, that His servants may go forth for the 
last time to bind up the law and seal up the testimony." 

During these days the adversary was not idle. It required 
all the wisdom and power which Joseph and the Elders who 
were one with him in heart and feeling, could exercise, to pre 





J~ TJ "V IE 1ST I !_■ E IITSTRUOTOR 




vent dissensions and bickerings among those who were called 
Saints. Several of the Twelve Apostles and Seventies mani- 
fested extreme sensitiveness upon many points, being very 
jealous lest they should not be honored and respected as much 
as they thought they were entitled to, in view of their labor 
and positions. As we proceed, we shall see that the spirit 
that they indulged in produced most bitter fruit and brought 
about their expulsion from the Church. It seemed as though 
Satan was determined to introduce division among the people, 
hoping thereby to prevent their being endowed. 

The Temple being partly finished, on the 21st of January, 
1836, Joseph and his counselors met in one of the rooms, and 
attended to the ordinances of washing and anointing. The 
visions of eternity were opened to them during this meeting, 
and holy angels ministered unto them, and the power of the 
Highest rested upon them; the house was filled with the glory 
of God and they shouted Hosanna to Go! and the Limb. In 
describing what he saw, Joseph said: "I beheld the Celestial 
Kingdom of God, and the glory thereof, whethei in the body 
or out I can not tell. I saw the transcendent beauty of the 
gate through which the heirs of that Kingdom will enter, 
which was like unto circling flames of fire: the blazing throne 
of God, whereon was seated the Father and the Son. I saw 
the beautiful streets of that Kingdon, which had the appear- 
ance of being paved with gold. I saw Father Adam, and 
Abraham and Michael, and my Father and Mother, my brother 
Alvin who has long since slept, and marveled how it was that 
he had obtained an inheritance in that Kingdom, seeing that 
he had departed this life before the Lord had set his hand to 
gather Israel the second time and had not been baptized for 
the remission of sins. 

"Thus came the voice of the Lord unto me saying, All who 
have died without a knowledge of this gospel who would have 
received it if they had been permitted to tarry, shall be heirs 
of the Celestial Kingdom of God, also all that shall die hence- 
forth without a knowledge of it, who would have received it 
with all their hearts, shall be heirs of that Kingdom; for I, 
the Lord, will judge all men according to their works, accord- 
ing to the desire of their hearts; and I also beheld that all 
children, who die before they arrive at the years of account- 
ability, are saved in the Celestial Kingdom of heaven." 
Miu'h more than this did he behold, but this that we have 
written contains principles that we would like our little readeis 
to understand. The Lord loves little children, and if they die, 
he has a great glory in store for them. The leading Elders 
were afterwards washed and anointed; each president being 
anointed, anointed in turn the members of his quorum, and 
in all these meetings the Spirit of <Jod was powerfully poured 
out, the gifts were manifested, and visions were enjoyed by 
many; angels mingled their voices with theirs, while their 
presence was in their midst, and the congregations shouted 
Hosanna to Cod and the Lamb and glory to God in the high- 
est. These were glorious days for Joseph and the Elders; and 
they rejoiced with a joy which no one but those who have 
experienced the same, can understand. 

[To be Continued.) 




Never was there a more blessed institution than the Sunday, 
the sacred day of rest from labor. For the soul's health and 
the body's health of the human race, on at least one day in the 
seven there should be an over-recurring intermission of daily 
toil. Thus, let a man attain to the period of three score years 
and ten, he has gained a holiday of ten years duration, even if 
his lot has been labor for the remaining three-score years. 



ravels 



"I 



nrti; 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINOIIAM. 



{.Continued.) 



AFTER a voyage of eighty-five days, our ship was brought 
to anchor for the night in Sauger Roads, opposite 
Sauger Island, one hundred miles from Calcutta. It was 
Sunday according to our reckoning, but the pilot informed 
us that it was Monday in India, so you will perceive we lost 
a diy. 

Sauger Island is low and swampy, and is infested by the 
royal Bengal tiger, and other beast of prey, while the huge 
alligator suns itself upon its slimy banks. This island is 
situated at the mouth of the Hoogly river, which is the 
great western, or holiest branch of the Ganges, and is esteemed 
by the Hindoos as one of their places of resort. Every year, 
during the full moon, in November and January, multitudes 
of Hindoos make a pilgrimage to this island. One of the 
principal features of the festivities here, formerly, was the 
sacrifice of children; but the British government has long 
since put a stop to this idolatrous infanticide. 

During our voyage we spent our time in reading, in con- 
versation and study. In pleasant weather we held daily 
meetings in the "tween" decks; the Elders being the 
preachers and hearers, except on Sunday when we would 
have a few sailors in attendance. Each Elder took his turn 
in holding forth to the others, selecting his own subject, so 
that it was one pertaining to the gospel. By pursuing this 
course the time passed pleasantly, and all were benefited. 

At '.t a. m. the ship was got under way, and having a 
favorable wind, and the tide with her, she made rapid pro- 
gress up the river. Its banks are dotted with groves of 
cocoanut palm, date and beetle trees, with occasional native 
villages, the houses of which are chiefly constructed of 
bamboo and mud, and the roofs thatched with paddy, or rice 
straw. The country on either side of the river is very low, 
and to guard against encroachments of the water during the 
rainy season, and springtides, animmense "bund," orembank- 
ment, is built on each side of the river to keep it within 
bounds. 

For the purpose of rice growing, this low country is laid off 
in very small divisions, separated by a network of levies and 
ditches, which are furnished with sluices and head gates to 
admit the water into the rice fields, from the river. After 
the rice is up the water is let in upon it, and continues during 
the period of its growth, until it is fully headed out; after- 
wards the water is allowed to run off at ebb tides; so that the 
rice may ripen. 

While on the Hoogly branch of the Ganges, I will here 
describe a rather singular tidal phenomenon called the "bore," 
which occurs monthly. It is produced by the river gradually 
expanding to a very wide mouth. During the spring flood 
tide, an immense body of water is driven from the sea into 
the river, which narrows as it ascends and contends against 
the descending stream, and causes the water to form a wall or 
ridge from six to eight feet in bight, rushing up the river at 
the rate of eighteen miles an hour, making a terrific roar. 
People, cattle and hogs that may be within the bank of the 
river when they hear its approach, get out of its way. 



.ASfc 




28 



J- TT "V E ILT I !_. IE IITSTBUOTOR. 




Boatmen make for the piers, to which they fasten their boats 
with chains, and when the tide has run out, will often find 
them on the mud, bottom up, the chain having held them 
from being washed away. 

Diamond Harbor, thirty miles below Calcutta, situated on 
the left side of the Hoogly. is used as a port of Calcutta for 
vessels ot heavy tonnage, and is connected with the capital 
by a good macadamized road. There are indications of the 
"silting " up of the river above this harbor, through the 
accumulations of mud washed from above, settling in the 
river adjacent to Calcutta, which threatensto impede navigation 
and eventually make Diamond Harbor the port of Calcutta. 

In tie early rise of our Church, many of the hireling 
clergy who Dever traveled beyond their own native land, were 
in the habit of ridiculing the description of Jared's barges, as 
given in the Book of Mormon, page 510. Barges, however. 
of a similar model are very common on the Hoogly. They 
are the length of a tree; the planks constructing the outside 
running the whole length from stem to stern. They are 
tight like unto a dish, as are all sea going crafts, peaked at 
the ends, with a hole at the top and a hole in the bottom, 
that can be opened and shut for the convenience of those on 
board. They also float like a fowl on the water, as only the 
midship part of the barge is immersed. The lines of their 
model form a regular curve from the point of immersion 
to the peaked ends, thus leaving a great portion of the bottom 
of the barges clear of the water. 

About 6 p. m. we arrived off Princips Ghat, Calcutta, 
where the ship was brought to anchor. Having a strong 
wind in our favor, we made the distance from Sauger Roads 
in one tide, and the entire voyage from San Francis. o to 
Calcutta occupied eighty-six days, the distance being ten 
thousand nine hundred and sixty-three miles. 

Previous to this mission being sent from /ion. a few seekers 
after truth had read some of our publications on the first 
principles, which had been distributed by sailors who were 
members of the Church. A letter was sent to the British 
mission in Liverpool, asking for an Elder to be sent to India; 
consequently Elder II. Findlay was sent to Bombay and W. 
Willes to Calcutta. After the arrival of the latter he baptized 
the few who were believing, and organized a small branch of the 
Church. He also baptized a number of natives who lived ou 
the suburbs, of whom I expect to say something hereafter. 

On our arrival at the Crhat, Elders Jones and West went to 
hunt up this branch of the Church, and returned to the ship 
the next morning. 

They stated that after nuuh searching they found No. 2, 
Juan Bazar, the residence of Elder J. P. Meik, who was then 
residing at Acra, eight miles below, on the banks of the 
Hoogly. The place was occupied by a member of the Church, 
who stated that intelligence had arrived there that the 
Church had embraced the doctrine of plural marriage, which 
doctrine had upset the branch, and all the members had 
turned away except Brother Meik and Elder Willes, and that 
the latter had gone to the upper provinces, accompanied by 
Elder Richards. 

1 1 appeared that while entering the Straits of Malacca, the 
mail steamer on her voyage From China to Calcutta, spoke 
our ship, learning her name, where from and where bound to, 
and thai there were thirteen "Mormon" Elders on board, for 
India. The steamer arrived in Calcutta three weeks ahead of 

us, and gave the alarm. The newspapers published lar and 
ii'-n that we were coming, Bishop Wilson, the Lord Bishop 
• •I Calcutta, called the clergy together, informing them that 



several "Mormon" Elders would shortly arrive in India, and 
his counsel was to hold no converse with them, but to treat 
them with silent contempt, which counsel, as subsequent 
experience proved, they kept to the letter. 
( To be Continued. ) 



PHYE'JCAL EZDUC-A-TTOlSr. 



BY J. N. S. 



OF late this has been considered a necessary part of school 
instruction, and a branch called gymnastics has been added 
to the most of the better schools throughout the land. It is 
conceded, that by pursuing the exercises taught in this branch 
suppleness and strength will be developed and increased to a 
surprising degree. Swimming, fencing, skating and riding 
on horseback may be mentioned as a few of the different 
parts of our subject applicable to young persons; a reasonable 
degree of perfection in each of them is within the reach of all, 
just in proportion to the natural aptitude of the individual 
for the sport, and the amount of zeal and diligence with which 
each branch is pursued. The art of boxing may also be 
named in this connection, which, when acquired, sometimes 
makes the possessor so vain of his powers that, being anx : ous 
to excel, he enters the prize ring and there contends for fistic 
honors. The same disposition to excel gives rise to the 
passion for wrestling; and men skilled in this exercise, anxious 
to subdue all comers, give challenges, which, when accepted 
lead to meetings where champions test their respective abilities 
in this sport. When Mich contests are conducted with 
propriety and fairnes, they are generally productive of merri- 
ment and hearty good feeling, all of which, however, will be 
a", the expense of the losing party, for in such cases if one 
party gains a triumph the others party suffers a corresponding 
defeat. This will of course apply equally well to foot races, 
rowing matches and the like. All men desire to excel, and 
very many can excel in something, though but few are equally 
proficient in evervthing. Thus if one cannot outswim his 
friend, he may surpass him in the use of firearms; if he fails 
io the management of the horse, he may excel with the hook 
and line: as at school the poor ball-player may be able to write 
an excellent hand. 

There is a point in the pursuit of physical education where 
the student is no longer a boy, but a man; the occupation is 
no longer called play, but labor, which has usefulness for its 
object instead of pastime or sport. That skill which enables 
one to accomplish something usefid and beneficial is much to 
be desired; to this class belongs the craftsman and artisan. 
There is no doubt but there may be mentioned under this 
heading that development in handicraft that enable' one to 
leave the realms of sport and approach the more sacred 
precincts of labor. "With what joy will the youth with a 
properly balanced mind look forward to the time when he may 
enter the ranks of labor, and by the exercise of the powers 
and gifts which he has received from find actually produce 
something tangible from the elements of wealth, beauty and 
utility which surround him on every hand, reflecting that 
while he may not distinguish himself greatly in the extended 
field of enterprise in which there are so many zealous com- 
petitors, yet the lists tire open and free to all and by diligence 
ami perseverence everyone may attain to a respectable degree 
nl' proficiency in whatever walk of usefulness he may chose 
for his own particular field of labor. 

One of the most pleasing occupations, and one that requires 
much skill, patience, forethought and care, with iudust 





CT U ^T IE £T I L IE I1TSTRUOTOR 




combined, to successfully accomplish, will take rank an the 
earliest occupation which engaged the attention of man, and 
may be called in general terms the cultivation of the soil. 
This pursuit when (properly followed calls forth the highest 
qualities of our nature, and is remunerative and beneficial 
just in proportion to the zeal, intelligence, industry and appli- 
cation with which it is pursued; but unhappily it has fallen 
somewhat into disrepute, owing perhaps, to the numerous 
botches who try their hands at it, for unlike others of the more 
noble professions, it will yield some small return to the most 
unskillful hand, while in nearly all the branches of the great 
school of physical education the student must graduate 
before he can command any remunerative employment. The 
man who loves his occupation, which, rising in excellence, 
becomes a trade or profession, pursues it with the same desire 
to excel which animated him earlier in life when engaged in 
games or sports. 

The industrious mechanic is called enterprising in business, 
the inventive one ingenious, and when one is successful is his 
ingenuity to a remarkable degree he is called a genius. In 
such a case the inspiration that animates him comes from 
(rod, although he may not have sufficient discernment or 
fairness to acknowledge it. (treat geniuses are generally 
spoiled by the flatter}' and adulation of their fellow men. 
While real merit in the various fields of human effort should 
be sought out and rewarded, and encouraged with suitable 
recognition, humbug should be discouraged and exposed. 

It is humiliating to consider that a vast number of the best 
mechanics in the world are constantly engaged in inventing 
and perfecting implements of destruction in the form of 
weapons of war, designed to be used in destroying human 
life. It would be well nigh impossible to enumerate the 
different trades and branches by which men and women earn 
a livelihood, and, in the world of letters and the arts, embel- 
lish and adorn our times; but suffice it to say that all are 
honorable and praiseworthy where the object sought is the 
sustaining, benefitting and advancing of our race. When 
such is the case it can truly be said that labor is worship. 




Chokinc. — All that we eat or drink passes over the top of 
the windpipe without a particle ever entering it, although the 
opening is larger than a dime, because the very act of swallow- 
ing draws over the open top of it a fleshy trap door which fits 
so closely that not even a particle of air can pass: but at the 
instant of swallowing, it opens up with a spring, and we go on 
breathing as if nothing had happened. But if we attempt to 
swallow anything too large, this trapdoor, being at the narrowest 
part of the passage, is kept closed, and tre die in a moment of 
suffocation, as in drowning or smothering. 

Most readers have suffered great inconvenience from some- 
thing ''going the wrong way." This is occasioned by a single 
drop of water or atom of solid food, a crumb or other thing, 
slipping into the windpipe or falling down to the lungs, can in£ 
an instantaneous, spiteful, angry, dry cough; it is because nature 
is alarmed by an unnatural or unwelcome visitor, and takes 
this her only means of ejecting the intruder. If the particles 
are large or heavy, the surgeon must be called to cut open the 
windpipe and remove the substance. 

A person cannot laugh or speak a word unless the top of the 
windpipe is uncovered; but if a. laugh is provoked or a word 
attempted to be spoken while in i he ac( of sw allowing .or just 
before the particle has fully passed the trap door, it is raised a 
ittle. a drop or a crumb falls into it. and hence the mischief. 
eating, do not attempt to speak until the swallowing is done. 



{jjjtusfion*? anil ^nswerji 

OUST THE 

book: of iv£ o b, im: o it . 



LESSON CXI. 

Q— How did Moroni feel when he saw the ingratitude towards 
God and desire for bloodshed among the peopla? 

A.— His heart was sorrowful, and he refused to act any more a3 
their leader. 

Q. — What is the history of the Xephites from this time? 

A —They were swept off the face of the earth as dew before 
the sun. 

Q. — When Mormon saw his people about to be destroyed, what 
did he do? 

A.— He. repented of his oath that he would not assist them, and 
went and took command of their armies. 

Q— What effect did his presence have upon the Nephites? 

A.— They took new courage, but still were unable to regain 
their losses 

Q. — When and where did the final struggle take place. 

A. — In the year 384, in the land of Cumorah. 

Q— Knowing this to be the last struggle of his people, what 
did Mormon do? 

A. — He hid the records in the hill Cumorah. 

Q. — How many Xephites were left alive after this battle? 

A. — Twenty-four, among whom were Mormon and his son 
Moroni. 

Q.— What did this remnant do? 

A. — They fled south, but were overtaken and all except Moroni 
killed. 

Q.— Having finished his account, what did Moroni do? 

A. — He hid liir. records in the earth. 

Q.— In what characters does he say the records were written? 

A —In the reformed Egyptian. 

OUST TIKIS BIBLE. 



Q.— What reply did Abigail make to the servants of David' 

A. — "She arose, and bowed herself on her face to the earth 
and said, Behold, let thine handmaid be. a servant to wash the 
feet of the servants of my lord." 

Q.— What did -he then do? 

A.— She went with five of her dam-els after the messengers of 
David, and became his wife. 

Q.— Who also did David take for a wife 7 

A. — Ahinoam, of Jezreel. 

-Q.— What had become of Miehal, the daughter of Saul, David's 
wife? 

A.— Saul had given her to Phalli, the son of I.ai-h. 

Q.— What did Saul do when it was told him that David was in 
the wilderness? 

A.— He took th ee thousand chosen men of Israel with him, to 
seek David. 

Q.— What did David do when he heard of this? 

A. — He sent out spies. 

Q— When David eai le to the place where Saul was camped, 
what did he discover" 

A.— That Saul and Ahner, the captain of the host, and the 
people lay sleeping 

Q. — What did Abishai, who wa- with David say to him? 

A. — "God hath delivered thine enemy into thine hand this 
day: now therefore lei me smite him I pray thee, with the spear 
even to the earth at once, and I will not smite him the second 
time." 

Q.— What ITIli Da\ id's reply? 

A. — - Destroy him not: for who can stretch forth his hand 
igainst the Lord s anointed, and be guiltless? 

O.— What did David then do? 

A. — H" look the jpear and the cru ' wator IV.hu Saul's 

bolster. 





30 



J TJ V E3 IN" I L B IITSTBUCTOB 




||!ie Jjm^mli |(nsfr«d0t|. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 1877. 



IEIDITOIR.I^.Ij THOUGHTS. 




r 




|NE of the great objections urged against 
the Elders in preaching the gospel has 
been that so many good men have lived 
and died in ignorance of its principles. 
When the Elders say that it is necessary 
that men should be baptized for the 
remission of their sins by those having 
authority from God, in order to receive 
the Holy Ghost, many people say, "what 
has become of Luther, and Calvin, and John 
Wesley and the other good people who have 
lived and died without hearing your principles?' 
They think that this is an unanswerable argu- 
ment, but they forget that if this be an 
argument against us and our doctrines it is an 
argument against all so-called Christian doctrines, 
because there are thousands upon thousands of 
heathen that have died and never heard the name of 
Jesus, eithei preached by the Latter-day Saints or by any 
other denomination. Therefore, it would be just as consistent 
for the heathen to urge that as an argument against 
Methodist and Episcopalian, and Presbyterian and Baptist 
missionaries who go among them, as it would be for Methodists 
and Episcopalians and Presbyterians and Baptists to urge it 
against the Latter-day Saints. 

The fact is. God's work is not confined to this state of 
existence, neither are all Hi'- providences known unto man. 
We can not comprehend in our ignorant condition the great- 
ness and extent of the plan of salvation. God deals far more 
liberally with His children than many imagine. Those who 
do not hear the gospel in this life, we are taught by the reve 
lations of the Lord Jesus, will hear it in the life to come; 
"for where no law is," as Paul says, "there is no trans- 
gression." Paul also said: "sin is not imputed when there is 
no law." Therefore, until men hear the gospel and reject it 
they are not condemned. Jesus said, "This is the condem- 
nation, that light is come into the world, and men loved 
darkness rather than light." But until mankind hear the 
law of God they cannot be judged by it, nor held accountable 
to it. Men will be judged by the light and knowledge they 
possess. It is those who sin against light and knowledge, 
whether it be the fullness of lisht and knowledge or only a 
part, who will be condemned. Hence, the condemnation of 
the Latter-day Saints, if they transgress the laws of God, is 
greater than the condemnation of any other people, because 
they have received more revelation from and knowledge 
conoerning (rod than any other people. 

But there have been many faithful men in all nations and 
among all people unto whom God has given great light and 
knowledge. He gave light and knowledge to Luther and 
Calvin and Melancthon and Cranmer and George Whitfield 
and John Wesley and Edward Irving and Alexander Camp- 
bell, and to Confucius, Socrates and Plato, and many other 
philosophers and teachers. He did not confine His knowledge 
one nation or to one people or to one sect, but has given 



faithful men considerable knowledge among all nations. 
There have been men among the Catholics who have had 
knowledge concerning the things of God, and also among the 
Protestants and among the Mahometans, and among the 
fire-worshipers, and idolaters who lived up to the best know- 
ledge they had. 

Confucius, and other Chinese philosophers, who knew little 
about the worship of the true God, possessed a knowledge of 
many important principles. Great moral truths were commu- 
nicated unto them, and they taught them. They were just 
as true, many of them, as if they had been taught by an 
inspired prophet of God. So with Mahomet; he taught 
many grand truths. So with Socrates; he possessed principles 
of truth which were divine in their origin. And there is no 
sect or party upon the face of the earth that we have ever read 
or heard about that does not possess some principles of truth. 
What, then, is the difference between these men and their 
teachings and the teachings of the apostles and prophets? 
Did the latter comprehend all the truth, and no one else 
comprehend any? No, certainly not. God has been merciful 
to all His children and has rewarded all men according to 
their diligence and faithfulness before Him. But this is the 
superiority that the gospel of the Lord Jesus possesses: — Its 
great Teacher is the Redeemer of the world; He came with power 
and authority from the Father to teach the truth in its fullness, 
in its perfection, unmixed with error. There was no false- 
hood in His teachings or doctrines, and so also with His 
apostles and inspired servants. God has placed in His church 
the holy priesthood, and given unto man the keys thereof. 
It is true that some of His servants who bear the priesthood 
may go astray and teach incorrect doctrines, but the authority 
and power are bestowed by which error can be discarded and 
truth established and taught in all its plainness and purity. 
Thus there being at the head of the church a man who bears 
the holy priesthood and who holds the keys thereof, and 
others associated with him who bear the apostleship, they 
know the truth in its purity and can discern false teachings 
and expose the false doctrines which they propagate. This is 
the superiority of the Church of Jesus Christ over all other 
churches now upon the face of the earth. This is the advan- 
tage that the prophet Joseph and the prophet Brigham have 
over wise men of antiquity, the philosophers and teachers 
and leading men who did not possess the keys of the holy 
priesthood. Confucius, Socrates, Mahomet, Plato and the 
noted men of antiquity, as well as those who have lived in 
modern days, who taught truth, had not the keys of the 
holy priesthood nor the power and authority thereof to guide 
them in their teachings; hence they ran into errors, and this 
gave rise to a great variety of views and doctrines, and to 
schools of divinity, that have existed and that still exist 
among the children of men. The truth which they had was 
not unmixed with error, and many times the error was in 
larger proportion than the truth. This of course made every- 
thing uncertain, and the great cause of thankfulness which 
we as a people now have is the removal of this uncertainty and 
the bestowal of reliable knowledge, pure unadulterated truth. 
Children, you must not be surprised if in your reading or 
travels you should meet men who understand some of the 
principles of truth. You must not think that we possess it 
all and that no one else has any. But you may rest assured 
of this, that the principles of the gospel that you have received 
are definite, and every item of them is true. 1 hey are not 
mixed with error, and they will stand, for they are the eternal 
principles of heaven. 





J TJ "V IE 1ST I L IE IITSTBUCTOE/. 



'^ 



31 



JDATVIID ZPZHjAYIHSTG- IBIEIrrOIE^IE 

SAUL. 



WHEN the Prophet Samuel, who had governed Israel 
wisely for very many years, became old, he placed his 
sons as judges over the people; I ut they were not righteous 
men as their father was. The people became tired of them, 
and asked Samuel for a king to rule over them, such as the 
neighboring nations had. It is strange that suoh a people 
would want a king, but they were evidently smitten with the 
idea that it would be a great advantage and add greatly to 
their honor and glory as a nation to have a monarchy. There 
are some Americans who are tired of the Republic- and think 
a monarchy would be better; but it is a very foolish idea, for 
there is no government so good for the people, if the people 
themselves are upright and honest, as a Republic. Samuel 
told the children of Israel all the evils that would happen to 
them under a monarchical form of government; but it was of 



the tribe the lot fell upon Kish, the father of Saul, and finally, 
upon Saul hirnwlf. When they sought him he was missing; 
he had hid himself away. When he was brought forth among 
the people, some acknowledged him to be king, but others 
were dissatisfied with the choice. The Lord, however, poured 
His spirit upon him, and he afterwards became a mighty war- 
rior, and was universally acknowledged king of Israel. He 
did not, however, continue humble in the sight of God. On 
one occasion he disobeyed the counsel of the prophet, and 
offered sacrifice when he should not have done it. Samuel 
told him on that occasion that the kingdom should not be con- 
tinued unto him, and that the Lord had selected Him a man 
after His own heart to be a captain over His people. This 
was not his only ofLmse. Ho was commanded of the Lord to 
fight against the Amalekites and to destroy all of them and 
their animals; but, instead of obeying the command of the 
Lord, he spared Agag, the kins, and the test of the sheep 
and oxen and other animals and all that was good; but every- 





no use, they were bent upon having a king, and a king they 
would have, whatever the results might be. He was much 
grieved at it, but the Lord told him that he need not be, that 
in choosing a king they had rejected Him. 

It is very interesting to read in the first book of Samuel 
concerning the meeting of the future king and Samuel, the 
prophet. The name of the young man who was chosen was 
Saul. He appears to have had no idea that he was to receive 
the kingly dignity, for when Samuel spoke to him concerning 
it, he asked Samuel if he was not of the tribe of Ben j iniin, 
one of the smallest tribes of Israel, and his family, was it not 
the least of the families of the tribe? Saul, however, was a 
man of goodly presence. He stood a head and shoulders 
above the rest of the people, and physically, doubtless, looked 
every inch a king. Samuel anointed him king, and Saul went 
home to his father's house. Afterwards, when the people 
were gathered together to choose a kiug, they cast lots, and 

e lot fell upon the tribe of Benjamin, among the families of 



thing that was evil and of no worth he destroyed utterly. 

When Samuel spoke to him about it he said he had obeyed 
the voice of the Lord, and had utterly destroyed the Amalek- 
ites. and had brought the king as a prisoner, and that the peo- 
ple had taken the bheep and the oxen and the other things 
which should have been destroyed for the purpose of making 
a Nicrifice unto the Lord. 

Then the prophet Samuel uttered the following striking 
language: "Hath the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings 
and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the Lord? Behold, 
to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of 
rams. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubborn- 
ness is as iniquity and idolatry." 

Samuel himself then took a sword and cut Agag in pieces, 
and told Saul that because of his disobedience the Lord would 
take away the kingdom from him. Samuel grieved very much 
over the disobedience of Saul. There is no doubt that 
he loved him; but the Lord told him to stop his mour 





32 



J TJ "V E 3ST I Xj IE I1TSTBUCTOR. 




"^ 



ing and go and anoint one of the sons of Jesse to be 
king. 

This Jesse had eight sons. When Samuel saw the oldest, 
he was so kingly a looking man that he thought he must be 
the one; but the Lord told him, No. Six more of the sons 
passed before him; but none of them was the man to be kina. 
Samuel then asked Jesse if he had not' another son. Ife said 
that he had, but he was off keeping the sheep. Samuel told 
him to send for him. When he came, the Lord said to 
Samuel, "Arise, anoint him, for this is he." So David was 
anoin'ed King of Israel. Of course, all this had to be done 
secretly, because Saul would have been apt to kill Samuel and 
David, if he could, and all who took part in such a proceeding. 
A singular result followed the anointing of David; the Spirit 
of God rested with power upon him, and it left Saul, and he 
was troubled from that time forth with an evil spirit. His 
servants suggested to him that he have somebody play on the 
harp whenever the evil spirit should trouble h'm, and one of 
them said that he knew a young man by the name of David 
who was a skillful player on the harp, and who was a very 
worthy young man in other respects. Saul was so pleased 
with the description he heard of David that he sent for him, 
and whenever the evil spirit troubled him, David played before 
him and the evil spirit departed from the king. 

This is the subject of the engraving which we publish— the 
youthful David playing before the king. He continued in this 
service for some time, and was a great favorite with Saul. But 
after David killed Goliath, and the women ofUrael sang his 
praises, and said that "Saul hath killed his thousands, but 
David his ten thousands," Saul became very jealous of him, 
and sought his life. Upon more than one occasion when 
I 'avid was playing before him, he threw his javelin at him to 
kill him. He seemed to suspect after a while that David would 
be the king of Israel, and he tried in various ways to have him 
killed. But David was very prudent and acted with great 
wisdom, and escaped all the traps that were prepared for him. 
This only made Saul more angry, and lie looked upon David as 
his enemy. 

The history of Saul and David is very interesting. You will 
find it all written in the Bible, and we know of no more 
delightful reading for thi jm miles than can be found in that 
book and in the Book "!' Mormon and in the Doctrine and 
Covenants. Many people say, novels are good books to read, 
"th ".-. are so interesting' : But the advantage these books 
that i i mend have is: they arc true, and they aie d-<> 



LtsTENt.Vd in Kvn Reports. — The longer Hive the more 1 
feel tli- in portance i f to the rule which I have laid 

down for myself in relation to such matters: 1. To hear as 
little as possible whatever is to the prejudice of others. 2. To 
believi not] ofth Keel till I am absolutely forced to it. 
',. Never to drink into the spirit of one who circulates an evil 
report. '. Always to moderate, as far as I can, the unkind- 
ness which is expressi I towards others. 5. Always to believe 
that, ifthe other side were heard, a very different account 
would be given ■ >!' t h ■■ ma! 




( kiosity in child, n is but an appetite after knowledge. 
1 doubl ii"i but one great i iasi n why many children abandon 
themselves wholly to silly -; orts, and trifle away all theirtime 
insipidly, is because thej havi found their curiosity baulked, and 
theii inquii ii - m _■'.> '-ted. 



||,0 ilt$ <f>nfennial ^Ixlubitioi^ 

WITH vJOTTinSTG-S BY 



KT C. R. S. 



(Continued.) 

I CONCLUDED to take the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad 
from Chicago on our eastern trip. Great was my satisfac- 
tion to find myself and companion — Bro. G. M. Ottinger — 
booked in the same car, with Bishop Hunter, Bishop John 
Sharp, his daughter and son, and Carlos Young, all bound for 
the great show. Bishop Hunter's original and pleasant manner 
was a source of great pleasure. It is related of him that when 
the persistent news boys on the U. I'. R. 1!. kept offering 
peanuts, papers, books, straps, guides, etc., and approached 
him presenting their wares, and chanting "Peanuts! peanuts!" 
our respected Bishop replied in his peculiarly evasive style, 
'Peanuts! yes, peanuts! Twenty-nine years ago I crossed 
t'tese plains with one hundred wagons I fine time we 
had!" 

For models of perseverance commend me to one of the 
news boys of the Rock Island R. R. He kept up a constant 
succession of visits to the cars, in the following order: first 
papers; then books; hickory nuts, already shelled; peanuts; 
pop corn; shawl straps; prize candy boxes; guides to the Cen- 
tennial: etc.. etc. No amount of joking or rebuffs disturbed 
his equanimity; he. ke.it persistently at work, and, as if following 
Richelieu's advice to Francois — he knew "no such word as fail." 
That boy will make a mark when he becomes a man; for in 
this bustling world of sharp competition it takes indomitable 
perseverance to overcome the drawbacks to the success of a 
young man without money and friends. 

After leaving Chicago, we follow around the south end of 
Lake Michigan, passing numerous towns and villages in Illi- 
nois, Indiana and Ohio, going at the rate, with stops, of thirty- 
five miles per hour, whirling over -prairies, through forests of 
hard wood; everywhere farms, homes and green verdure, no 
alkali, no sand hills, no barrens, but a beautiful country, rich 
in everything that makes up material prosperity. Zanesville, 
Newark and other leading towns are passed and we ultimately 
reach Wheeling, on the Ohio River, crossing the latter on a 
magnificent bridge. Factories, foundries, and machine shops 
are on every side; stern-wheel steamers are puffing and blow- 
ing up and down the river; all is life and activity. 

From this point one of the most interesting railroad rides 
in the United States is enjoyed; although I would rather 
swing around the curves and pass over the cuts and fills at a 
less rate of speed: for it was one continual swing, from right 
to left, net entirely enjoyable, but exciting in the highest 
degree. 

Grafton is the commencement of the mountain division of 
the Baltimore and Ohio road, and scores of beautiful points 
of view are met with. We also pass through the famous 
Kingwood Tunnel which is4,100 feet long, and cost $1,000,000 
to construct. The scenery is similar in character to the Sierras 
of the C. P. R. R., but not so lofty, changing from one scene 
of beauty to another, in rapid succession; now rushing close 
to a roaring stream, then skirting the summit of a mountain, 
away above the stream through dense forests of valuable 
timber. 



I 





JTJ^rElTILE IITSTRTJOTOR 



33 





Around each little home seen from the railroad track patches 
of tobacco were growing. The gardens did not look any more 
inviting nor as neat as those around our mountain homes. I 
am justified in saying that the homes of the poor are not as 
neat and as cosy as many of our own. 

I had desired to see the Potomac River and Harper's Ferry 
by daylight, but was denied that pleasure. A glimpse by gas 
light was all I got. This point is memorable as the scene of 
many a bloody conflict during the war between the North and 
South. It was taken and retaken several times with great 
loss of life, and material. It is pleasantly situated at the 
iunction of the Potomac and Shenandi ah rivers. Before the 
civil war, a very extensive United States armory was located 
here. The scenery around was grand and imposing, but I 
could not see much but the dim outlines by starlight. 

I had long desired to see Washington, and visit the many 
points of interest that abound in the "Federal City" — the 
name that Washington desired to call it. Its present name 
was formally given to it Sept. 9, 1791. It is beautifully lain 
out for a large city, from the original plat, by Andrew Ellicot, 
under the direction of General Washington; it was incorpor- 
ated May 3, 1802. In point of commerce and manufactures 
it is unimportant; its chief support is derived from the dis- 
bursement of monies connected with the expenses of govern- 
ment. 

It was Sunday that I visited the Capitol. It may justly be 
termed one of the finest public buildings in the world. It 
crowns the summit of Capitol Hill and consists of a main 
building 452 feet long, with two wings or extensions, each 23S 
by 140 feet. The whole building covers a little more than three 
acres and a half. The central building is of light yellow 
freestone, painted white, but the extensions are of beautiful 
white marble. In front of the building is the colossal statue 
of Washington, by Greenough; there are also large statues of 
peace and war. A beautiful bronze doov is found at the 
entrance to the rotunda from the east portico. It commem- 
orates the history of Columbus and the discovery of America. 
It was designed by Randolph Rogers, is 17 feet high and nine 
feet wide, weighs 20,000 pounds, and cost $30,000. I was 
also much interested in two other bronze doors at the entrance 
to the Senate wing. These were designed by Crawford, who 
died before they were completed. Rinehart, of Baltimore, 
finished them. They are an interesting study: but I was 
disgusted to find that some vandal hand had knocked off 
portions of the figures that covered them. Such actions 
merit the most severe condemnation. He who would dis- 
figure such beautiful relics of the history of a country, would 
rob a school boy's dinner bag, and do any other mean thing. 
A cultivated gentleman or lady will always hold objects of ait 
and beauty sacred; ignorance would destroy the most beauti- 
ful and cherished objects of national value, and steal relics to 
show some country cousin what wonderful things they had seen. 

In the Rotunda, which is 96 feet in diameter and 180 
feet high, are eight large paintings by American artists. 
Four are by Trumbull, namely, '"The Declaration of Indepen- 
dence," the "Surrender of Gen. Burgoyne," the "Surrender 
of Lord Cornwallis," and "Gen. Washing! on Resigning his 
Commission." The "Landing of Columbus," by Vanderlyn; 
'•Discovery of the Mississippi by De Soto," by W. II. I'oweF; 
"Baptism of Pocahontas," by John G. Chapman, ami the 
"Embarkation of the Pilgrims," by R. W. Weir, complete 
the number. They are intensely interesting to a lover of the 
history of the struggle for independence, The pictures carry 
their age finely; but if they were huug more artistically would 



appear to better advantage. There are also in the panels 
over the four entrances four alto relievos, or raised pictures, in 
stone, of "Penn's Treaty with the Indians," "Landing of the 
Pilgrims at Plymouth," "Conflict of Daniel Boone with the 
Indians," and the "Rescue of Captain John Smith by 
Pocahontas." 

The total hight of the dome and rotunda from the base 
line is 307 feet, and it is surmounted by an immense statue of 
liberty, by Crawford, sixteen and a half feet high, a copy of 
which is found upon five dollar notes. 

< >ther pictures and statues are scattered in different parts 
of the building. The most notable among the paintings aie 
the canyons of the Yellowstone and the Colorado, by Moran, 
an artistof our own day, and one of whom the American nation 
should he proud. Beautiful fresco paintings cover the walls 
in all the corridors and rooms; even in places that are used to 
stow away rubbish, the most costly works of art adorn the 
walls, in strange contrast with the heaps of speeches in 
English and German, old tables and other second-band 
valuables. 

It would take a long time to tell of the many interesting 
things that can he seen in the Capitol, of the beautiful polished 
marble columns, the finely finished President's and Vice 
President's rooms. Senators' retiring room, reception room, 
Senate post office, etc. 

I did not see the Senate Chamber, but visited the Hall of 
Representatives said to be the finest legislative chamber in 
the world. It is 139 feet long, 93 tret, wide and 36 feet hi°-h. 
The ceiling is of iron, and contains 15 glass panels, represen- 
ting the States ami Territories of the Union. Of course, I 
looked for the emblem of Utah, and also for the de*k used by 
our worthy delegate; and wondered when my turn would 
come to occupy one of the desks, but feared my chance was 
very slim. Two paintings by Vanderlyn are on the walls, 
one of Lafayette and the other of Washington, both full 
length. 

( To be Continued. ) 



% &riu to <$ni| $,nti®*At§. 



CHAPTER XXVI. 



BY HL'Iill KN'IUIIH. 



One of (ha most imposing trees of the Australian forest is 
the "eucalyptus," called by the settlers tin- "gum tree,'' 
which often attains a hight of one hundred and fifty feet, with 

a girt at the base of fr twenty five to forty feet. Most of 

the tree- of this species shed thi ir bark annually, the process 
of which i- very curious. When the season arrives the old 
bark bursts, splits and falls off, or is blown nil' by the wind as 
it hangs dangling in the air, and the renovated tree stands 
forth shining, stem and branches, in :i new bark el' n I eautiful 
silvery hue. The leaves and bark have a strong scent, rest m- 
blingthat ofiheblack currant. Nearly all of the "eucalypti" are 
called gum trees, although one spi eies only yields a pure gum, 
that ol the others being merely resin. Another species yield 
m substance which Ihe colonists call "mauna," it being of two 
kimls. a pure w 1 1 1 r . • and ;i pale yellow. It has the taste of 
., deliciou andy, with an almond Haver, and is so luscious that 

much cannot he eaten of it. This substance is much sought 





34= 



JTJYBITILE IIETSTIR/TTOTOIR,. 





after by the natives, who sometimes scrape from the tree as 
much as a pound in a quarter of an hour. From one particular 
tree of this species the colonists obtain, by incisions in the 
bark, a cool, refreshing, slightly aperient liquid, which ferments 
and acquires the properties of beer. The medical profession 
have, within the past fjw years, discovered great medical 
properties in "eucalyptus," and it has been demonstrated in 
places where fevers have been prevalent that when these trees 
have been planted the diseases have disappeared. It has been 
introduced into California with great results, and is now the 
favorite shade tree in that state, for, besides being a very 
handsome evergreen, it grows there remarkably quick. 
Brother Reading, of Salt Lake City, has, it is understood, 
tried to raise these valuable trees in his nursery, but as yet 
without succtss, the great altitude and cold winters being 
disastrous to its existence. 

The most remarkable and beautiful of the Australian trees 
is the fern tree, which grows to the bight of fifteen or twenty 
feet, when it suddenly spreads out in enormous leaves, each 
four or five feet in length, in every direction. Intermingling 
with the other trees of the forest is seen, occasionally, the 
tall, slender stem of the palm tree, rising to a hight of from 
seventy to ons hundred leet. Palms, however, are limited to 
the northern and eastern shores oi the island, where vegetation 
is more like that of India than that of the south of Australia. 
The grass trees are peculiar, having scrubby steins somewhat 
resembling small palms, bearing tufts of long wiry foliage at 
their extremities, from the mid.-t of which rise very long 
spikes of densely compacted flowers somewhat like bullrushes. 
These furnish valuable food for all kinds of cattle, and the 
inner leaves of some species are uted as f:od, as well as the 
nner portion of the top of the trunk, which is eaten both raw 
and roasted by the natives 

In the more favored regions of Australia, grasses are abun- 
dant and nutritious, presenting pasturage of great extent, and 
admirably adapted for the rearing of cattle. 

It is not a little remarkable that, notwithstanding the 
excellence of the climate and the luxuriance of the vegetation, 
Australia does not produce a single native fruit fit to eat, if 
we except some few berries and a kind of chestnut. The 
native cherry has the stone outside the fruit, and a beautiful 
looking fruit resembling the pear, when tried by the teeth is 
as hard as wood. But this loiS i> not felt when all exotic and 
other fruits and vegetables acclimatized thrive so well. 
Oranges, lemons, Ik's, banannas, guavas, pine-apples, grapes, 
etc., grow in abundance. Immense vineyards are now culti- 
vated of the grape, and the wiues of Australia, besides being 
in great demand at home and in New Zealand, are success- 
fully competing in European markets with those of France, 
( rermany and Spain. 

All the culinary vegetation of the old and new world are 
known and cultivated. <lreen peas are grown in winter as 
well as in summer, and the potato produces two crops a year. 
Seed time is from March to June, harvest in November and 
December. You remember what was s a ;j about the seasons 
being opposite to those in Utah. 

Tobacco and cotton, as well as the olive and mulberry, are 
cultivated, and of the former are numerous large plantations. 
The oat grows here in a wild state. 

( >f the minerals of Australia, no doubt, the best known and 
prized is gold. This precious mineral was first discovered in 
the year 1851, and since that time no country in the world has 
yielded a greater quantity of gold than this has. At first 
there were only what are called in California "placer diggings," 



but now machinery and science are brought into use, and the 
"diggings" of Australia are now worked similar to the silver 
mines of Utah. Granite, sandstone, limestone, coal, slate, 
potter's c'ay and sand, well adapted for glass making, are found 
abundantly. Beautiful marbles, suitable for statuary and 
other ornamental purposes, have also been found in the south 
eastern part of the continent. Copper, tin and lead abound, 
the first named in greater quantity than has ever been found 
in any other part of the world. 

The zoology, or animal life, of Australia, may be said to be 
entirely different from any other part of the world. We will 
not use hard names for our little ones to stick at or flounder 
over, but say that there are none of the monkey tribe to be 
found there, neither of the species of elephant, deer nor any 
hoofed animals of any kind; neither are there any animals 
which chew their cud, like the cow does. Another curious 
thing is there are no wild beasts of prey, like lions, wolves, 
bears, etc. In our next we will tell you what curious animals 
are really found there indigenous, that is, na ive to the country. 
To be Continued. 



^■orrcsjjondeii 



ce. 



Lancaster City and Co , Pa. 

January 12, 187". 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

I am often surrounded with circumstances and meet 
with spectacles that lead me to compare the condition and advan- 
tages of the children of Zion with those possessed hy the little 
ones I see on the highways and byways of the cities of the East. 

The news boys of the great city of "brotherly love"— Philadel- 
phia— seem to me to be among the moot wretched of human 
beings. Their scanty and tattered clothing bespeaks the poverty 
they endure. It is truly painful to look upon them when the 
day is bitterly cold; nearly shoeless, capless, mittenless and coat- 
less, they dodge from one street car to another, piteousfy impor- 
tuning the passengers to buy their papers. A disaster like the 
Brooklyn thea're lire or the Ashtabula railroad smash-up is a 
godsend to these poor boys; because the people, anxious to learn 
all the particulars, engerly buy the papers containing the details 
of such frightful, tra/ic scenes 

While in Philadelphia I was pleased with a little incident that 
occurred one day when a friend and I were on Chestnut Street. 
The friend dropped a piece of money, unwittingly. A small, 
well-dressed boy, just passing, picked it up. We were walking 
on at a pretty rapid rate amidst the throng, when in a minute or 
so the friend was stopped by t ie boy's father, who told him that 
his little son had picked up a coin he had dropped, and wished to 
return it. My friend told the good little boy to keep it. In my 
much traveling over the Territory of Utah how often I have 
referred to the great necessity of parents instructing their chil- 
dren to restore lost property, and not be continually wishing to 
obtain something for nothing! That incident pleased me, not- 
withstanding it was only a "straw." 

At another time I saw something in the life of the boys of the 
same great city that did not please me, An old lady, I suppose 
nearly blind, was trying to find the latch of a door. A number 
of boys near by, instead of politely guiding the old lady's hand 
to the latch, or, better still, opening the door for her— as a gentle- 
man subsequently did -kept misleading her by directing her to 
feel for the latch where it was not. 

Some Sabbaths aeo, as I had no meeting of the Latter-day 
Saints to attend, 1 went into the Catholic church in this city, and 
witnessed, among other things, the investiture, by the priest, of 
about thirty small boys and girls, ranging, I suppose, from five 
to thirteen years of age, with ribbons and sashes. They were 





cr-cr^riEiisriiDiH? ifstbuctor 



35 




required to make vows— covenants— the nature and force of which 
I could not learn, as I was too far away to hear them distinctly. 
A very pleasing effect was produced by the lighting of a number 
of gas jets forming the letters composing the word "Jesus." 

Notwithstanding the antiquity of the Catholic church, it is as 
grossly in the dark and in error as are the pagans of Asia, 
whose religious ideas antedate the Catholics many centuries, and 
whose devotion and sincerity are as great and manifest as those 
of any professed Christian sect in existence. 

The distinguished deceased, Elder Orson Spencer, whose mem- 
ory is bright \n the hearts of thousands of his living co-laborers, 
at one time wrote that "error may become venerable by age and 
respectable from the number of its votaries, but neither age nor 
popularity will ever make it truth." This will apply with equal 
force to all kinds of errors, no matter who or what party enter- 
tains them. The Saints have "a more sure word of prophecy" — 
a source of information the foundation of which is in heaven, 
where truth is evolved by the infinite, infallible Deity. We 
don't depend on "the letter, which killeth;" but on "the spirit, 
which giveth life." 

Notwithstanding the Latter-day Saints are so anxious to do 
their fellow e-eatures so much real, permanent good, they are 
looked upon as being among the most dangerous people there is 
to be found anywhere. So deep-seated are the prejudices against 
us that but very few are willing to listen to the important and 
vital message we have for them, much less encourage and aid us 
in our labor of love. 

The ELders have the proud satisfaction of knowing that they are 
aiding God to consummate His will, and that their reward is sure. 
A few years hence many of your now young readers will be in 
the field, as we now are. Then they will be brought into practi- 
cal contact with a life both new and strange to them; and how 
they will wonder a* the ignorance and follies o c the "wise of this 
world," whose "wisdom is foolishness with God!" 

That God may continually stretch forth His hand to preserve 
Zion's children from the dire evils and follies of this gross world, 
is the prayer of their friend and brother in the gospel, 

A. Miltox Musser. 



I I£T O I ID IE IN" T S OIF 

MISSIOIT. 



J± 



BY ELDER C. 




HAVING a sincere desire to do good, and having reason to 
hope and believe that the readers of the Juvenile 
Instructor will be both interested and edified by reading an 
account of some of the incidents which happened during the 
travels of the writer while on a mission to the United States, 
he has decided to write such an account for publication in 
that paper. 

In undertaking the task he feels, in a measure at least, its 
importance, as it is an important and serious task, in many 
respects, for a man to attempt to publish to the world an 
account of the manner in which the Lord has blessed him, 
opened up his way, preserved him in time of danger, raised 
up friends unto him, healed the sick and shown forth divine 
power and mercy in his behalf, all ia answer to his prayers; 
and in attempting the work the writer feels keenly that he 
needs the guidance and assistance of the Holy Ghost, and he 
prays God in the name of Jesus that he may have it. 

The writer, though the principal actor in most of the events 
to be related, will speak of himself in the third person, calling 
himself ELDER G, and will here observe that he will state the 
full names of persons to whom he may refer, only as permis- 
sion is obtained to do so. 

In the year 1ST — Elder C. was called on a mission to the 
United States. He happened to be one of a very large con- 



gregation assembled in the New Tabernacle at Salt Lake City 
during conference time, when his name was read from the list 
of missionaries. 

Elder C. was a young man and had never been away from 
home on a mission; but the Lord strengthened bis faith, and 
he felt determined to go, and, putting his trust in the Lord, 
do as much good as he could. He did not know very much 
about the gospel nor the scriptures, for, like many boys and 
girls in Zion, he had not read as much as he ought, the holy 
scriptures which men of God m ancient and modern times 
have given to the world. He felt to repent sincerely before 
the Lord for his past negligence, and resolved to be more 
diligent in the future in searching the scriptures and seeking 
to learn the mind and will of the Lord. 

However, Elder C. though not very well versed in scrip- 
ture, nor possessed of very much of the learning or wisdom 
of the world, knew one very important fact, viz. that the true 
religion of Jesus Christ had been revealed through the 
Prophet Joseph Smith and printed in the Book of Mormon. 
Now Elder C. knew this fact. He did not merely believe, it, 
but he actually knew it, because, on a certain occasion when he 
was praying earnestly to the Lord upon the subject, his mind 
was filled with light and the Lord revealed to him that Joseph 
Smith was a true prophet, and that the religion which he 
preached was the true one and the only true one 

Now suppose that Elder C. was a poor public speaker, 
and suppose he could only say a few words when he first tried 
to speak, and suppose this was all he could say: "Ladies and 
gentlemen: I know that Joseph Smith was a true Prophet, 
and I testify to it in the name of Jesus, amen." Then 
suppose he had to sit down. Though he uttered but this 
shoit sentence, he would have preached a great sermon. He 
would have testified, in effect, to a great many things; among 
them, that the Book of Mormon was true, tor if Joseph 
Smith was a true Prophet that book must of course be true. 
He would have testified that the holy priesthood had been 
absent from the earth for many centuries, and that it had 
been restored through Joseph Smith; that the church and king- 
dom of God was once more organized among men, and, in short 
he would have testified, in effect, to all the doctrines preached 
by Joseph Smith: for if he was a true prophet, he would not 
preach a false doctrine; and all those persons who heard 
Elder C. bear this testimony would have heard the voice 
of a servant of the Lord, and would have been under condem- 
nation if they had failed to heed it. 

Now, Elder C. wa? too young to be much of a public 
speaker, though he had often borne his testimony to the truth 
of his religion before Latter-day Saints, and he had faith 
given him of God, that he could do the same thing before 
gentiles, and he believed that the Lord would bless him with 
the Holy Ghost, which would put words into his mouth when 
he stood up to talk to the people. His faith in this respect 
was destined to be pretty severely tested at the very outset of 
his missionary labors, as will appear in the next number of 
the Instructor. 

{To be Continued.) 



The Best Friend. — The most agreeable of all companions 
is a simple, frank man, without any high pretensions to an 
oppressive greatness; one who loves life, and understands 
the use of it; obliging alike at all hours; above all, of a 
golden temper, and steadfast as an anchor. For such a 
one, as a companion, we gladly exchange tho greatest 
genius, the most brilliant wit, the profoundest thinker. 



^ 




24 



JUYB1TILE I1TSTBTJCTOR 




G-JLTIEIZEIR, ZROTTlSriD THE ST^ZLSTID.A.^'D BEARER. 



Words bv J. L. Townseni>. 



Music by Wm. Clayson. 







3^rtTit 






:±±= 



r=M 



1 i i 

0, thou rock of our sal - va - tion, Jesus, Savior of the world, In our poor and low - ly sta - tion 
* * * I. (* I d. «T * . d , , J d 




:-pzr 



-I n 






We thv ban - ner 



have un - fur 



•led, 



! Chorus:* 



Gath - or round the stand - ard bear - er, Gath - er round in 



l Efe^rt^ 



^zzzr-nr-Fz^—t 






fc=& 



:ff=== 



-.:=P-=l»=i»=3=q 




E3=g=3=t 



z*i—*z: 



m 






^ 



every day the pros-peet's fair - er, While we're battling 

I h d d J *• * • J 

-i 1 1 1 3 — rz — a. !z_ 



for 



truth. 



:t: 



We a war gainst sin are waging, 
We're contending for the right, 
Every day the battle's raging, 
Help us Lord to win the fight. 

Onward, onward, we'll be singing, 
A- we're marching firm and true, 
Each succeeding battle ringing 
Earnest of what we can do. 



When for all that we've contended, 
When the fight of faith we've won, 
When the strife and battle's ended 
And our labor here is done: 
Chorus. 

Then Rock of our salvation, 
Jesus Savior of the world, 
Take us from our lowly station, 
Let our flag with the be furled. 



SUlSriDAT Xj E S S O 3ST S . 
FOK L1T1LE LEARNERS. 




THE HISTORY OF JOSBPH SMITH, THE PROPHET.— LESSON XI.V. 

Q._What happened to the Camp on the 21st of June' 

A. — S'.i f the brel I with the cholera. 

Q. — Did any of them die from if: 

A.— Yes, fourteen. 

Q. — How many wei I by 

A.— Abo il all. 

Q. — Why was this atHii tion b em? 

A.— Because of th< >nd ict. 

Q.— What were the; I have the chi 

r ■ : 1 1 > -. rd ' 

a.— '1'.. be humh Goi . ■ ( 1 1 : 

Q.— W 

Al— Joseph Smith ' ■ 

Q.— \\ Joseph wns I I M 

did il'' 

A— A High Cou 

Q. — Whal 

A. — An uppeul was 

Q — Who wrote this appeal? 

A.— Tin- leading men 

Q,— When was the appeal mad 

A.— In July, I I 

Q,— When did Joseph an ' ; "ri on their 

1. . < »>■»■•- 

A — i the ninth of Jul; 1- ' 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 1. is Juvenile 
INSTRUCTOR. We have received correct solutions from Ann 
R. Dunyon, Draper; E. L. Stookey, St. Johos; Hilda Ander- 
son, (irantsville; Clara F. Mitchell, Fillmore; J. H. Watkins, 
Ogden; Mary H. Hunt. St. Charles; Win. H. Reazer, Peter 
Barton, Kaysville; Elmer Ballinger, Pleasant Grove; S. P. 
Eggertson, Jun., Provo; Jno. Walton, Isabella Walton, Mill 
Creek; Rrighaui Anderson, Lehi; Celia S. Millard, Farming- 
ton, ('has. Lindholm, Tooele: also from Joseph Irvin, Hannah 
Harrison, Jno. Hall, F. J. W. Hewlett, B. J. Beer, Fred 
Stevens. Marcus W . F. Holling, Ernestine E. Holling, Chas. 
Brain, and Peatria Attley, Salt Lake City. 

J-TT^EIISriLE IUSTE/TTOTOE/ 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST A FIFTEENTH OP EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum - - $2,00. 
On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

X-irOffice, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City. Utah. 




