/.Q^.cJ. 9h^'dy^ 







i|fMt(<nM|fS|>liriuMtMI|)l|MI(Htl>l|flwM,MH-..'MiM.MMM|Ml(M|rMfM4r*i|i||rM|n||*i,M|Ol«M,ri|MH*l,ltHi|C3^s^;;_^;::::^ 



«4 







G^ T 



V[N 



NSIRUCTOR 



i) 



Published Every Alternate Saturday.) 



IP.I.W' 



m 



mm IIBI5SI! m m mmm m ittiiiiji ti fti t«tt. 



liOLin^ESS TO THE LOI^ID, 



Put iL'iih, aJi (hi/ getting get understanding. — SOLOJ^OJT. 
Ihei-e is no Exoellence -without Labor. 



zeijIdex^ c3-EO^^a-E q. c -^ nsr isr o ItT, e^itoi^. 



Volume Ten. - For the Year 1875, 




(PU^LISHSQ ^Y G-EOItGE O. OjlJTJTOJT, 



BALT JLAMB GJiltY, WWAB TEBRITORY. 



'l«Mkl>liMMi».Mw>l.|l|.* Ill l(»»iMH»l,#IU«l,Mn't,,ni<»I.MM'l,Mn' (M,MH«l,M|(»»,Ml('».f«l('l«(«u'»l('W»>t(M."t»=^^;;:==^^^:::^^ 



i 



% 



11 




Digitized by tlie Internet Arcliive 

in 2011 witli funding from 

Corporation of tlie Presiding Bisliop, Tlie Cliurcli of Jesus Clirist of Latter-day Saints 



Iittp://www.arcliive.org/details/juvenileinstruct101geor 



GOISTTEnSTTS. 



Avalanche, The lM 
Amulek 35 
Arsenic Eating 1 19 
Alphabet in Rhyme 1:20 
Ancient Wonders 144 
Australia 146 
Albatross, The 153 
Ancient Crowns 170 
Advice to Young Men 174 
Artificial Wants 209 
AncientjAi-ts 231 
Arab Horses 278 
Asa and Ira 292 
Animal Sagacity 307 
Always Too Late 309 

Bonfire, The 277 

Big Words 261 

Beggar Girl of Paris, The 208 

Bite Biffger, Billy 1 

Big'Wor^s 21 

Bird's 68,75, 91, 105, 163, 177, 1S9, 201: 2i: 

Boys Wanted 72 

Brevitv 72 

Babesm the Clouds, The 112 

Be a Man 126 

Boys, Wake up 128 

Bes Faithful 132 

Bible Alphabet 144 

Bar-room, The 144 

Brave.Guide, The 147 

Bovs, Read and Heed this 189 

Brave Act, A 201 

Boomerang, The 233 

Blind Basket-maker, The 253 

Ballooning 256 

Boys, Have an Aim 296 

Burning o^ Moscow, The 300 

Counting a Billion 95 

Camel, The 9 

Charade 12 

Cross and the Crescent, The 25 

Child's Peril, A 38 

Conundrums 48, 53, 65 

Cloves are. What 51 

Coral 63, 81, 93 

Coining, The Art of 64, 76, 92, 105 

Correspondence 67, 77, 132, 168, 240 

Cabmen of St. Petersburg, The 73 

Conversation 86, 226 

Cobra di Capello and Ichneumon, The 97 

Commercial Value of Courtesy 111 

Cormorant, The 115 

Converted' Bootjack, The 143 

Chinese Fable 177 

Columbus 211 

Chinese Customs 229 

Cold in\Spitzbergen 231 

Chalk 2S5 

Capture of a Slaver 238, 242 

Cob House, A 264 

Cruelty to Animals 271, 284 

Christmas on Board a Mau-of-War 308 

Cutting a Dido 311 

Dent du Midi, Up the 43 
Didn't Think 44 
Drinking Fountain, A 61 
Do£r, A Sagacious 69 
Ducks, The 108 
Duels 124 

Depend on Yourself 141 
Discontent 156 
Delta the Faithful 200 
Ducking Stool, The 205 
Dealing with a. Thief 228 
Dean Swift, Anecdote of 243 
Dromedary, About the 272 



Experiment in Manners 285 

Errata 204 

England's First Parliament 201 

Elephant Laborers 138 

Epitaphs^ Queer 135 

Eye of an lEagle, The 1 00 

Enigma 72, 108, 132, 156, 192, 216, 228, 252, 264, 288 

Editorial Thoughts 6, 16, 30, 42, 54, 66, 78, 90, 102, 113, 

126, 138, 150, 162, 174. 186, 198, 210, 522, 234, 246, 258, 

270, 282, 294, 306 

Feltofhi^ye21 

Fossils, What are 45 

Eour Weeks in aiSnnwdrift 59 

Fireman's Little Dog, Bob, The 103 

Franklin's Wife 283 

Forgiveness 300 

Free and Easy Life, A 303 

Geometrical Charade 36 

Girls, Advice About 108 

Gunpowder Plot 129 

Grace Darling and her Father 181 

"Gil" 291 

Girls 298 

Hetty Marvin 10 

Home Manufactures 41, 56, 71 

Home Sickness 84 

Hari-Kari 118 , 

How to Get along in thc^World 1 29 

How he did it 179 

Home 189 

Honorable\Employment 272 

How td^ Succeed 296 

How to Choose Companions 299 

Idleness 17 
It's Quite\True 76 
Intoxication 96 
Industriouis Apes 243 
Invitation toVNature 241 
Integiity of Character 297 
Idleness, Danger of 298 • 

Journey Across the Plains, A 1 1 

Joan of Arc 49 

Jelly from Old Boots 75 

Jaguar, The 139 

Japanese Amusements 193 

Johnny Slow 228 

King^enry and the MUler 1 7 

Keep* 36 

KingNEing's Cave 85 

Kites 151 

Kind Words for a\Mother 153 

\ 
Lighthouse Donkey, The 7 
Leopard, Fight with a 41 
Learn to saysNo! 62 
Learn a Trad^ 65 
Life Sketch, A 183, 195 
Limit your. Wants 199 
Legal Advice 232 

Matches, iNIanufacture of 33 
Mutiny, The Great 47, 50 
^lusic 48, 180, 204, 251, 276 
Musical Instruments 53 
Mushrooms Near Paris, Growing 72 
Marriage in Borneo 138 
Music 153 

Modern Samson, A 158 
Maggie and her Mother 161 

Maeaulay's Mother 173 

Murder of Prince Arthur 187 ■ ==^ 
Military Ants ] 92 ~" 

Museum,- Our 210, 235, 247, 259, 273, 
Mother 212 



world, I 
283. '29o*''°"o'^ 



Maxims, Alphabet of 285 

Mount Calvary 289 

My First Day's Work 309 

Natural History 2 

Nobody like Mother 53 

Needles and Pins 56 

Novel Reading 62 

Noble Wife, A 101 

No Mother 141 

Newfoundland and the Codfish 145, ]57, 175 

Not my Work 179 

Never Give up 180 

Not Demonstrative 289 

Never Waste'Bread 292 

Naples 293 

Napoleon and the Stone Cutter 297 

Old America 3, 14, 32, 40, 52, 63, 80, 87, 98, 110, 131, 142, 
155, 167, 178, 182, 194, 206, 220, 230, 244, 254, 266, 287, 
290. 302, 

Ostrich, The 141 

Ostrich Riding 165 

Old Story, An 224 

Our Tongue 292 

Old Time Customs 295 

Politeness 271 

Plea for Small Birds, A 255 

Pluck— Luck 226 

Pharisee and the PubUcan, The ] 3 

Press Onward 30 

Perilous Night, A 55 

Puzzle, A 60, 96 

Pompeii, Jlore Excavations at 102 

Pride Among Animals 107 

Popul tion of the World 125 

Presidents, Our 164 

Printing, The Art of 213, 225, 233, 248,260,268,280,298, 

310 
Politeness Rewarded 281, 299 

Poetry:— The Avalanche 24, Keep 36, Temple Song 48, 
Nobody Like Mother 53, Boys \A anted 72, TheDucks 
lOS, Alphabet in Rhyme 120, Discontent 156, Never 
Give up 180, The Gushing Rill 204, Johnny Slow 228, 
Tbe Shoemaker's Daughter 240, Invitation to Nature 
241, The Liar 252, A Cob House 264, A Sunday 
School Hymn 276, Song 300, Voices 312. 

Questions and Answers 5, 23, 34, 46, 58,170, 82, 89, 106, 
116, 130, 137, 154, 166, 190, 214, 227, 239, 250, 262, 
275, 286, 293 

Reflections 9 

Ringdove, The 31 

Royal Funeral in Africa, A 42 

RiecM 

Russian Bristles 100 

Remarkable Escape 100 

Rag Bag's Revenge 164 

Rapacious ( Jooj^r, The 245 

Reminiscences 256, 267 

Royal Proposing 304 

Rothschild, Meyer 305 

Speak no Bad Words 278 
Sunday l<ehool Hymn, A 276 
Shark, The 265 
Steamboat, The First 225 
Surnames and Names of Towns 221 
Sham I'roductioDS 187 
Sandwich Lslands l.M, 176, 191 
Shark, Catching a 139 
Scenes in Congress 133, 152. 163 



Sleepless Secretary, A 128 

Samson 121 

Spider's Bridge, A 101 

Scientific Education, Importance of 93 

Soldier, A Cunning 91 

Second Hand Food 79, 88 

Ship on Fire, A 74 

Spider Did. What a 39 

Slang Words 38 

Soap Manufacture 31 

Sponges 20 

Sermon on 'Malt 29 

Sand and Volcanoes 4 

Sunday Lessons for little Learners 12 24, 33, 48, 57, 72, 

77, 96, 101, 132, 144, 156, 168, 180,'l88, 204,216, 228, 

237, 252, 257, 276, 285, 300, 312 
Salt Lake City 18 
Scenes of our Indian War 20 
Scottish Traditionary Story, A 67, 83, 94, 104 
Success in Life 69 
Stories About Utah 109,127, 140, 149, 161. 171. 194, 224, 

237, 248, 272, 280, 297, 310 
Stick to your Bush 117 
Sweeps, Poor Little 118 
Struagle for Life, The 169 
Silk Culture 217 

Shoemaker's Daughter, The 240 
Sea Porcyipine 241 
Sonorous pand 243 
Sunday School Matters 288 
Song 300 
Snow Shoes 301 
Strong jCharacters 303 

Toys are Made, Where 8, 22 

Temperance, or a Sailor's Narrative 27 

Temple Song 48 

Three Things 57 

Thomas Topham 81 

Trial by Ordeal 95 

Tree Toad, A Venerable 99 

Tiger Story 117 

Trade, Value of a 123 

Twins 199 

Too Sensitive 205 

Ten Minutes to Live 245 

Tom's Gold Dust 259 



Under the Snow 1 34, 
Useful Servants 305 



148, 158, 172, 185, 202, 207, 219 



Ventriloquism, or an Old Maid's Adventure 15 

Verbal Vices 108 

Valuable Lesson for All, A 161 



Village Mavor, 
Value of Work, 
Voices 312 



The 197, 215, 223, 236, 249, 263, 274 

The 293 



Watt's First Experiment 37 

Whale, The 45, 57 

World Making 99 

Wooden Shoes ] 1 3 

Weights 128 

Water anc} its Inhabitants 141 

AVhat is a Billion? 165 

World Owes me a Living, The 173 

Wasp, A.Stratagic 176 

Wonderful Memory 216 

Way to Get Along, The 257 

AVild Honey Bee, The 266 

Which Got the Place 269 

Wonders of a! Hen's Egg 303 

Work and Play 304 




VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANUARY 9, 1875. 



NO. 1. 




THE children 
of Utah 
know very little 
of poverty and 
misery, like 
that endured 
by the two lit- 
tle London 
crossing sweep- 
ers whose por- 
traits are be- 
fore us. But, 
should they 
ever visit the 
Eastern States 
or England, 
they would 
pass hundreds 
of such as we 
have pictured 
here, on the 
crowded streets 
and avenues of 
their great cit^ 
iea. Our pic- 
ture, which is 
copied from a 
photograph, 
and our verses, 
which are 
"founded on 
fact, ' ' are in- 
tended to show 
us that true 
generosity is to 
be found, even 
among the 
poorest, and 
that there are 
none of us too 
small or too 
poor 10 do a 
kind action 
and help an- 
other who is 
not so well off 
ourselves. 




It is very 
easy for the 
rich to give a 
trifle out of 
their abun- 
dance, without 
feehng its loss; 
but it is an he- 
roic action for 
a thirsty man 
to divide hia 
last cup of wa- 
ter with anoth- 
er, or for a 
hungry boy to 
give a portion 
of his last 
crust to a'starv- 
ing comrade, 
when neither 
iif them knows 
where the next 
bite will come 
from. That is 
true self-sacri- 
fice; find it is 
.said there is 
nothing really 
noble or exalt- 
ing that does 
not involve 
more or less of 
this principle 
of self denial. 
It partakes of 
that same spirit 
that Jesus pos- 
sessed when 
He offered His 
life as a media- 
tion for the 
sins of the 
world, that we 
through His 
death might 
live forever, 
and, by obedi- 




CTTJ^Ein^ILE I3SrSTI?.TJCTOI^. 




ence to His gospel, enjoy eternal happiness as well as eternal 
life. 

We find mankind in possession of nianj' peculiar character- 
istics, comprising good and bad, prominent among which are 
liberality and stinginess. If we have a choice, commend to 
us the man or boy who, with true generous impulse, can say, 
when sharing his only morsel with a .suffering friend: 

"BITE BIOG-EI^. BILLITI" 



A FRIEKD I met the other day, 

Said to me, "Do you know 
The tale of Crossing-sweeper Bill 

And his companion Joe?" 

'I do not; but please tell it nie 
And I will gladly hear." 
And while he told it, in his eyes 
I marked the rising tear. 

I need not saj- that Bill and Joe 

Were miserahly poor," 
That many hardships they were forced 

To suffer and endure. 

Joe's father, for some wicked deed. 

Was sent across the sea, 
And his heart-broken mother died 

In wretched poverty. 

Bill's mother died when he was born; 

His father ran away 
And met his death, so it was said. 

In some wild drunken fray. 

So neither knew a father's c;\re, 

A mother's tender smile, 
And neither had a sister's love. 

Their sorrows to beguile. 

They could not claim a single friend 

Beneath the wide-spread sky. 
But to each other they were bound 

By poverty's strong tie. 

Though poor, they were to p."oud to beg, 

Too upright far to steal. 
And eladly would they sweep and clean 

To gain an honest meal. 

But, sad to say, the only food 

They often had to eat. 
Was scraps of bread and broken fruit 

They picked up from the street. 

I'oor boys! they often made their bed 

In stair or archway dark, 
And sometimes throueh the summer nights 

Slept in St. James' Park. 

It was a bleak and bitter morn 

Just at the close of March, 
And they had slept the night before 

Within a market arch. 

As very hungry, very cold, 
They wandered down the street, 

Joe picked an apple from the ground 
And thought "Why here's a treat!" 

"It's been a little kicked about, 

But it's a good one still," 
And, turning to his mate, he said, 

"What have you picked up, Bill?" 

"I haven't found a single scrap," 

Bill mournfully did say; 
"Then, as you are the youngest, Bill?" 

Here — take and bite away." 



The poor boy bit a small piece off, 
"Ha! that won't do!" cried Joe, 

"Bite bigger, Billy — bigger yet! 
You're welcome — that you know!" 

A noble lesson this should teach, 
Dear children, unto you, — 

Do unto others as you would 
That they to you should do. 

Give in the name of Him who gave 

His only Son to die, 
That we might dwell with him in joy 

Throughout eternity. 

^-» — ■^- «» 



IsT ^ a? TJ I^ ^ Hi ECISTOI^ir. 



BY GILEAD, Jl'NIOR. 



THE flea has the most "get up" in him for his size, of any 
live thing with which nature has favored us. Scientific 
men call them aphaniptera; this is probably on account of the 
very able manner in which they nip the human victim. Per- 
haps some of our readers have seen a flea, if so they are pretty 
smart, for his stay is so short and his exit so sudden, that it 
requires a very quick eye and active mind to discern and 
appreciate the flea. Tliere is one thing a boy can't do well 
with a flea on him, and that is study his lesson. It is a very 
difSoull matter to keep your temper while a flea is cantering up 
and down your back, but vindictive language is useless on such 
an occasion. The flea is n-it afraid of a person who swears, and 
the same time will be more profitably spent in searching for 
him. 

There is a peculiarity about the flea which learned men have 
never explained; as soon as you have captured him, he disap- 
pears, or in other words, "when you have found him he is not 
there." 

His sudden absence may trouble you, but this is only a thirst 
for revenge. There is one thing I would recommend to those 
who may be fortunate enough to catch a flea, and that is kill 
him on the spot, as the delay of punishment for even two 
seconds might doom you to disappointment. 

I have heard of fleas being trained to go in harness, but I 
should think a team of this kind would be too quick for our 
roads. Speed is the flea' s best hold, and the first law ot his na- 
ture; if he was strong in proportion to his speed, steam engines 
would be out done, but in this case, unle,ss the flea was sul* 
dued, mankind would probably be soon numbered among the 
curiosities of the past. 

A boy who had been poorly taught in punctuation undertook 
the other day to prove that the flea was very brave, by quoting 
the following passage of scripture. ' 'The wicked flee, when no 
man pursueth but the righteous, is as bold as a lion." On 
reference to the test you will perceive how correct punctuation 
changes the sense of the passage, and yet this blockhead went 
off convinced that I was an infidel, because I would not accept 
his interpretation of scripture. 

Common sense teaches us that the flea is not a brave insect, 
because if he were he would stand his ground. 

There is a kind of flea found in the West Indies called the 
chigoe, or jigger. These attack the naked feet, bury themselves 
deeply in the skin, and there deposit an immense number of 
eggs. How the West Indians can sit and patiently look on 
while these fleas make nests in their feet is a mystery in the 
flea business that would be hard for an American to explain. 

As dogs principally attend to the raising of fleas in our country 
perhaps they could furni.sh us with the necessary informatio 





J"TJ"7"EIsriXjE IlsrSTI?.TJOTOI?.. 




<^i 



tturtca* 



BT G. M. 0. 




JAKED. 

THE Creator, having divided the earth, and allowed a short 
time — some fourteen years — for its composure, continued 
His work of separation b.v confounding the language of the 
people, "swearing in his wrath that they should be scattered 
upon all the face of the earth, and according to the word of 
the Lord the people were scattered. " Thus, the descendants 
of Noah, originally confined to a particular locality and an 
original unity and equality, are now spread over the whole 
earth, presenting four leading or distinct types, white, yellow, 
red and black. Learned ethnologists, ignoring the simplicity 
of the sacred and inspired records of holy writ, have lost 
themselves in vague and often absurd theories in their repeated 
efforts to solve the mystery of the origin of these distinct 
races, and their first advent upon the globe, but in all their 
labors they have most signally failed. Into this theme of 
wide-spread discussion we will not enter, holding to our own 
belief: that all men were created equal, with God's image as a 
model, without any classification or variety of color, but that 
through wickedness they have brought uj^on themselves 
repeated cursings of God, as in the cases of Cain, Ham and 
Laman. wherein their complexions were changed. Through 
the influences of climate, mode of living, amalgamation and 
by adhering to or disregarding the will and commands of an 
all-wise God, has man advanced or fallen from the exalted 
state originally conferred upon him; and, instead of presenting 
one type, as originally intended, speaking one language and 
forming one great order of brotherhood, we are split up, 
divided, classified, and marked, so that at the present time 
the curse of Babel has become a confusion worse confounded. 
Leaving the eastern hemisphere to be re-iieopled by the 
numerous tribes and families radiating from Babel, we turn 
our thoughts to the long un-explained mystery — the re-peopling 
of America. Until the appearance of the Book of Mormon 
no reasonable theory or definite historical explanation could be 
given of the origin of the aborignal inhabitants of the western 
portion of our globe. JLiny and various, rational and irra- 
tional, have been the theories advanced to explain the origin 
of the people who have left their relics scattered over the land. 
One of these theories is that the original inhabitants were 
the "ten lost tribes of Israel." This idea has been defended 
bj' some students in elaborate treatises. Originally advanced 
by the Spanish monks, who assumed also that the gospel was 
originally preached in America by St. Thomas, it has been 
taken up by many eminent writers, who have given us long 
and detailed descriptions of the journey the "tribts" made 
through Palestine, Syria, in fact, over the extent of Asia, 
crossing at Behring's Strait, and thence down the Pacific coa.st. 
Lord Kingsborough devotes the major part of one of his 
immense volumes to the explanation and support of this 
absurd idea. Another hypothesis, equally absurd, is that 
civilization was brought to America by the ^Malays. A few 
investigators maintain that the first inhabitants came originally 
from Phoenicia, and M. de Bourbourg and some other writers 
hold to what may be called the "Atlanta" theory. They 
suppose the continent of America to have extended originally 
far across the Atlantic ocean, in a peninsula shape, but atsomg 
time in the world's history this extended portion was engulfed 



by some convulsion of nature, thus separating the two hemis- 
pheres more effectually, and the Atlantic people who escaped 
destruction settled in Central America. In, fact, the claims of 
zealous writers attribute the original source of the Americans 
to almost every prominent nation of the old world, the Phoe- 
nicians, Carthagenians, Israelites, Arabs, Egyptians, Celts, 
Hindoos, Tartars, Scythians, Coreans, Samoieds and Tungu- 
sians. 

In the midst of all these conflicting and jarring accounts and 
statements let us examine the simple, plain, unvarnished record 
of Ether, as we find it in the Book of Mormon. Here we 
learn that when the Lord confounded the language at Babel 
He led forth a colony under the leadership of Jared and his 
brother. As He had guided the ark across the stormy waters 
before, as He led the children of Israel over the burning sands 
of Arabia afterwards, so He guided the few people chosen to 
repopulate a land "choice above all the earth." The record 
informs us that after a jouniey in the wilderness, compelling 
them at times to build barges on which they crossed many 
rivers, they finally, after a four years' sojourn, constructed 
vessels and sailed — we infer from some point on the Mediter- 
ranean coast of Africa, possibly from the Atlantic coast now 
called Jlorocco — to America, and established themselves as 
colonists in the central part of the western continents. 

Ether has recorded the history of the rise, progress and 
decay of Jared and his jieoi)le, but the people of this age of 
the world look upon the book containing his record as a myth, 
and still hold to their various theories and speculation.s. Let 
us take up the secular histories, in which all believe, and see 
how far the Book of Ether is sustained by the traditions and 
the few records preser^-ed of the descendants of this colony 
who landed in the country some three thousand years ago. 

Three great events had already transpired in the world's 
history of so much importance that they could never be for- 
gotten, never lost from the memory of man, as long as tongue 
could speak or hand record — the creation of man, the deluge 
and the confusion of languages. Going back from son to 
father, it never has been forgotten; going into the future from 
father to son. it never will be forgotten. Let us see how well 
the old Americans have preser\-ed the memory of these epochs, 
that point so undeniably to the source of their information. 

The Toltec painting of the deluge and confusion of tongues, 
an engraving of which can be found in "Humbodt's Mexico," 
also in Priest's Antiquities, and Clavigero's History of Mexico, 
was painted in a manuscript book made of the leaves of a tree, 
suitable for the purpose. The picture represents Noah float- 
ing in a canoe, or boat: over Noah is a mountain, the summit 
crowned bj" a tree; to the left, rising above the waters, another 
mountain or peak is seen, crowned by a horn. This is a hiero- 
glyphic denoting the mountain Colhucan (Ararat). At the 
foot of the mountain, sujiporting the tree, are two heads — 
Noah and his wife. A dove rests in the tree, from whose 
beak branches the Toltee figure of speech or language. Fif- 
teen figures of men are approaching, and receiving the 
language from the bird; it is suppo.sed these figures represent 
the heads of families, or leaders of fifteen tribes. One 
remarkable feature in this picture is, that the figures have no 
resemblance to the Indians, but seem to be a transcript of a 
group of ancient Greeks or Romans. This jiresentation of a 
Caucasian assembly, is strong evidence that the present Indian 
is not a representative of the first inhabitants of America. 

Clavigero states that the Chiapanese Indians had a manu- 
script, in which it was written "that a person named Votan 
was present at the building (of the Tower of Babel) in order 





J- TJ "V E IsT I Zj E IIsTSTie/TJCTOI?. 




to mount to heaven, and that then every people received the 
various languages." 

The ancient Indians of Cuba, called Caribs, learned from 
their ancestors that God created heaven and earth and all 
things: that an old man, having foreseen the deluge, built a 
canoe and embarked in it, with his family and many animals. 
When the waters abated he sent forth a raven, which never 
returned; he then sent a pigeon, which soon returned with a 
branch of the hoba tree. The old man and family then dis- 
embarked, and, having made wine of grapes produced after 
the flood, became intoxicated. While in this condition, one 
of his sons exposed his nakedness, and another covered him. 
When he awoke, the Lord blessed the latter, asd cursed the 
former. The Caribs held that they were the defendants of 
the son who was cursed. 

[To he Continued.) 



S^ISriD J^1>TJD VOI-.OA.1TOES. 



BY BETH. 




SOME ven' interesting and instructive papers have appeared 
respecting our western Territories,* which deserve to be 
reproduced in full, for the large amount of valuable informa- 
tion they contain concerning this region. Lack of space forbids 
this, but many facts may be stat€d that will enable the young 
reader to know something of the natural operations that have 
produced, and still continue to produce changes in these 
valleys. Prominent among the silent forces noticed, we find 
that sand is making its mark upon our rocks in a very remark- 
able manner. It is shown that the action of sand is capable of 
producing marked changes, by cutting and abrading, when 
moved by water or bj' air; and that forcible illustrations of 
both phases of its action are common in our western Territories. 
The function of flowing water in denudation, or uncover- 
ing by removing rock, is also shown to be three-fold. It 
dissolves rock; it carries the .sand which cuts rock; and it 
carries away the materials. Mere solution does scarcely any- 
thing in effecting changes; it is water containing sand or mud 
that does the work, especially when floods pass through gorges 
with great rapidity. Even the boulders that choke the chan- 
nel are themselves gradually worn away by the incessant action 
of this small but eff'ective ''tool of erosion" — sand. Much 
more is said of the action of sand in water, by which the beds 
of rivers are "beautifully carved, each texture of rock being 
given a peculiar pattern of sculpture, but none escaping." 
And the magnitude of the excavations accomplished in our 
western rivers by the "devouring sand" is astonishing. This 
we might be prepared to expect, as we all know something of 
sand and water, in scouring for instance. But dry sand, carried 
by the wind, is another mighty factor in shaping our rocks. 
"By its multitudinous impact and friction, it triturates and 
erodes all substances that come in its way, reducing them and 
its own particles to a fine dust, that drifts lightly here and 
there, until it is caught at last by some transient or permanent 
stream, and finds the bottom of a lake or ocean. Of this attri- 
tion the most conspicuous traces are seen on the rocks of 
mountain passes, and on the pebbles of open plains. The 
carving of rocks in passes, where the wind is focussed, by the 
convergence of slopes, to exceptional intensity, is a frequent 
phenomenon." 

*A«ivance Papers on Natural Erosion by Sand, and the Recency Of 

Certain Volcanoes of the Western United States. 



Many of our readers are doubtless familiar with the eingular 
appearance of rocks and pebbles found from time to time. 
The writer alludes to some of these at the locality of the Rio 
Virgen. "A smooth and gently sloping plain is strewn with 
carved pebbles of various rocks. The quartzit«s and flints are 
smooth, and shine with a polish that attrition by rolling never 
gives. The basalts and trachytes have uneven surfaces, with 
the harder crj'stals in the prominences All com- 
binations of hard and soft, as of schist and limestone, exhibit 
the harder bands in bold relief; while homogeneous and soft 
pebbles, and especially those of limestone, are carved super- 
ficially into vermicular ridges and grooves of the most exquisite 

arabesque patterns Only the pebbles at the surface 

exhibit the carving; all below are merely'rounded by rolling 
and jostling against each other in the current that originally 
brought them. The sand blast that causes the surface pebbles 
ultimately destroys them completely, and their whole material 
is swept away to the adjacent rivers. ' ' 

How graphically are the changes wrought by the tiny "sand 
blast," one of natures most effective forces, shown. Plains 
are degraded; "as one layer disappears from the surface, another 
is brought to view to be similarly treated." 

The writer also says that many of our volcanoes are com- 
paratively recent. He proves this by showing that eruptions 
of basalt have taken place near Fillmore, in this Territory, 
recently, as proved bythe superposition or overlay of newly 
deposited beds on older ones of lava; and he advances the 
theory that is now generally received that geysers are springs 
combining a very high temperature, which can only be ade- 
quately accounted for by supposing that their heat is derived 
from the water passing over masses of lava still hot, and hence, 
of recent origin. He shows that much of the scoria, or vol- 
canic cinder, has not even undergone decomposition by the 
natural action of the atmosphere, moisture, etc., which it 
must have done if it had been of great antiquity. He believes 
that the period of eruption should be measured by hundreds 
rather than by thousands of years, and that "it is more logical 
for us to believe that we live in one of the intervals between 
outbursts, than that the phenomena of volcanoes have ceased." 

Living as we do in this Territory, should the predictions of 
the able naturalist and writer be verified, we may some day be 
startled by something more than the distant rumblings in the 
mountains: he says "I see no reason to suppose even that the 
end is near, and shall feel no surprise when the fires burst forth 
anew. ' ' 



Three-fourths of the difficulties and miseries of men 
come from the fact that most want wealth without earning it, 
fame without deserving it, popularity without temperance, 
respect without virtue, and happiness without holiness. The 
man who wants the best things, and is willing to pay just what 
thev are worth, by honest eff'ort dud hard self-denial, will have 
no difficulty in getting what he wants last. It is the men who 
want goods on credit that are disappointed and overwhelmed 
in the end. Happiness cannot be bought by the bottle. It 
does not exist in any exhilaration, exitement or ownership, 
but comes from the use of the faculties of body and mind. 



Necessity is the mother of invention and encouragement 
the nurse of it; what is brought up by one, should be propa- 
gated by the other. 

It is our own vanity that makes the vanities of others 
intolerable to us. 





CTTJ'VEISriLE I3SrSTi?/TJCTOI2. 




ntnVwnn anil J^nswers 



onsr THE 
Booic OE lyi o E. isd: o 3sr . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 




LK880N LXXIX. 

Q. — After the people of Ammon were settled in the land of 
Jershon what did their hrethren, the Lamanites do? 

A. — They followed Ammon and his people. 

Q. — What took place a short time after this? 

A. — A terrible battle was fought. 

Q. — By what armies was this battle fought? 

A.— By the Lamanites who followed the people of Ammon 
and the Nephites who were protecting the people of Ammon. 

Q. — Who cained the victory? 

A.— The Nephites, the Lamanites being scattered and driven. 

Q. — In what year did these events transpire? 

A.— In the fifteenth year of the reign of the judges. 

Q.— What transpired in the latter part of the seventeenth year 
of the reign of the judges? 

A. — A man appeared in Zarahemla, who preached doctrines 
contrary to those taught in the church. 

Q. — How did he address the people in order to make them 
believe him? 

A. — He asked concernins the coming of Christ, how any one 
knew that Christ would come, saying it was onlj- a tradition of 
their fathers. 

Q. — Did many believe his doctrines? 

A. — Yes; many lifting themselves up in their wickedness. 

Q. — When he left Zarahemla where did he go? 

A.— He went to the people of Ammon in the land of Jershon, 

Q.— What did the peopl* do with him? 

A. — They took him bound before Ammon. 

Q. — What did Ammon order? 

A. — He ordered hins» to be carried out of the land. 

Q. — What was this man's name? 

A. — Korihor. 

Q. — Where did he go after he was carried out of Jershon? 

A. — He went to the land of Gideon. 

Q. — Before whom was he taken? 

A. — Before the chief judge and the high priest. 

Q. — When they saw the hardness of his heart what did they do? 

A.— They bound him and sent him to Zarahemla, to the chief 
judge over all the land and Alma. 

Q.— How did he act before Alma and the chief judge? 

A. — He blasphemed and reviled against God like he did in 
Gideon. 

Q.— What did he ask of Alma? 

A. — He asked for a sign that he might Delieve. 

Q. — When Alma told him there were evidences enough, what 
did he say? 

A. — He said he would not believe unless he should see a sign. 

Q.— What did Alma then do? 

A. — He told Korihor if he denied again he should be struck 
dumb. 

Q.— What did Korihor then do? 

A. — He said again he would not believe unless he beheld a sign. 

Q. — What happened to him? 

A.— He was struck dumb. 

Q. — Was he then convinced of the power of God? 

A. — Yes; and he confessed himself to be wrong, and that he 
had been deceived by Satan. 

Q. — What did he desire of Alma? 

A. — He requested, by writing, that Alma should pray to have 
the curse removed. 

Q. — What did Alma then reply to him? 

A. — That if the curse should be removed, he would again lead 
the hearts of the people away. 



utniion§ and ^nswer^ 

03Sr THE BIBXjE. 

BOOK OF JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXIX. 

Q.— How many cities did the sons of Jair have? 

A.— Thirty. 

Q.— After the death of Jair, how did the children of Israel 

behave? 

A.— They again forsook the Lord and served other gods. 

Q.— What was the result? 

A.— The Lord sold them into the hands of the Philistines and 
Ammonites. 

Q. — Who arose next to deliver Israel? 

A — Jephthah, the Gileadite. 

Q.—What did Jephthah do before he went to battle? 

A. — He vowed a vow unto the Lord. 

Q. — What was the vow? 

A.— That if he was successful, whatever came forth from his 
house to meet hira he would offer as a burnt oifering. 

Q.— How did Jephthah succeed against the Ammonites. 

A.— He smote them with a very great slaughter, even twenty 

CltlBS. 

Q.lwho came forth as he returned from subduing the 
enemiej of Israel? 
A.— "His daughter came out to meet him with timbrels and 

with dances." 

Q.— Had he any other children? 

A.— "Beside her he had neither son nor daughter." 

Q._-What did Jephthah do when he beheld his daughter? 

A.— He rent his clothes and told her of his vow. 

Q. —What did she reply to her father? 

A.— To fulfill his covenant with the Lord. 

Q.— What privilege did she ask? 

A.— To go unto the mountains with her companions to bewail 
her virginity. 

Q.— When did she return? 

A. — After two months. 

Q.— What was the custom with the daughters of Israel after 
Jephthah fulfilled his vow? 

A.— They went yearly four days to lament the daughter ot 
Jephthah. 

Q.— Who went up to fight against Jephthah? 

A. — The men of Ephraim. -^., 

Q._Why did they do so? . 

A.— Because Jephthah destroyed the Ammonites without their 
assistance. 

Q.— How many of the Ephraimites were slain? 

A.— Forty two thousand. 

Q.— How long did Jephthah judge Israel? 

A. — Six years. 

Q.— Where was Jephthah buried? 

A. — In one of the cities of Gilead. 

0.— Who was the next judge? 

A. — Ibzan of Bethlehem. 

Q.— How many children did he have? 

A.— Thirty sons and thirty daughters. 

Q. — How many years did he judge Israel? 

A. — Seven. 

Q. — Who was the next judge? 

A. — Elon, a Zebulonite. 

Q. — How long did he reign? 

A. — Ten years. 

Q. — Who was the judge after Elon? 

A.— Abdon, the son of Hillel, a Pirathonite. 

Q.— How many sons and nephews did he have? 

A.— Forty sons and thirty nephews. 

Q.— How long did Abdon judge Israel? 

A. — Eight years. 





vJTJlTEn^IILiE insrSTI^TJOTOI^. 




SlEueiille lliisfnicfot;. 



GEORGE Q. CATfNOX, 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 


18 7;"i. 




mJDXTOTlXJ^Xj THIOTJOHITS- 

T is a safe rule of life for us all, and as 
wise as it is safe, to never do 'or say any- 
thing except that upon which we can 
honestly ask the approval and blessing of 
God. Such a course will preserve us from 
many temptations and deliver us from 
many snares. It will also strengthen us 
in the path of daily duty. Furthermore, 
that upon which we can ask the ble.s.sing 
of God, we should do with our might. Half- 
heartedness is not a virtue, especially in serv- 
ing the Lord; nor is it a recommendation in our 
daily contact with our fellow man. 
To none are these axioms more valuable than 
to our youth starting in life. We all should have 
.something useful to do, and we all should do it 
well. Each of us should choose an honest calling, 
and then endeavor to be peifeet in the calling we 
have chosen. To do thi'-, we must esteem no detail too trifling 
that has a t earing upon our success. It is not wi.se to despise 
small things, for "trifles make the sum of human things;" 
and little by little, step by step, seldom by giant strides, we 
progress towards the perfection of goodness or retrocede 
towards its sad opposite. 

By prosecuting a useful calling with energy we help to build 
up God's kingdom and to benefit mankind. To produce is 
better than to distribute; the first adds wealth and beauty to 
the world, the second only helps to make that wealth available. 
To make the elements our servants, as does the farmer, or to 
fashion things of u.se and beauty out of the ciiule material, as 
does the artisan, is more to he esteemed for true value to the 
world, than to act in the calHng of those who simply transfer 
the products of the toil of others from the producer to the 
consumer; though as society is now organized the.se last are 
neces.sary. The toilers in the .soil, in the mine, in the canyon 
and in the work.<hop constitute the basis of the wealth of this 
world. It is not gold, but labor, that makes the world rich; 
and the more eff'ectually that labor is directed, the better for 
us all. In this lies the strength of the revelations of God, 
regarding the concerns of our every day life. 

All true business principles are based on justice and the 
rights of every party to a transaction. Success in business 
does not so often arise from that inclination to overreach, by 
some miscalled smartness, as in the prompt use of opportuni- 
ties. There is more in the use of opportunities than in the 
measure or amount of them: however bright the sun may 
shine we cannot see the path we .'-hould take if we keep our 
eyes shut. Promptness, punctuality, honesty, industry and 
civility are key words to success in the labors, the dutie.s, and 
business of life. 

Be prompt, then you will be first in the market. Be punc- 
tual, then others will put confidence in your word. Be honest 
—there is no excuse to be otherwise: it wears the best and 
triumphs in the end. Be economical: wastefulness is one of 




the great sins of the age; it should be remembered that a gain 
usually requires effort and outlay — that which we save is clear. 
Be polite: nothing valuable is lost by civility and kindness. 
Be industrious: 

"Labor is life— 'tis the still water faileth; 
Idleness ever dcspaireth, bewaileth; 
Keep the watch wound for the dark rust assaileth, 
Flowers droop and die in the stillness of noon. 
Labor is glory!— the flying cloud lightens. 
Only the waving wing changes and brightens. 
Idle hearts only the dark future frightens, 
Play the sweet keys would you keep them in tune." 
Withal, trust in God and keep His laws. None of us can 
aff"ord to omit this, whatever our rank or occupation. It will 
add lustre to our talents and give strength to every action of 
our lives, and shape our course to the greatest usefulness here, 
and to the brightest happine.ss hereafter. 



WHEN we first sent forth our little sheet to the world, we 
did so with an earnest desire to benefit the children of the 
Latter-day Saints, to instruct them in true principles and to 
guide their footsteps in the paths of holiness. With us it was 
purely a labor of love; money-making was not taken into con- 
sideration. It is the same with us to-day— we desire to con- 
tinue the publication of the Juvenile Instructor for the 
sake of the good that it will do. Since the first of January, 
186(3, when our first number appeared, we have always aimed 
to tell the truth, to teach by the examples of the good and 
great, and to cull from every age and every clime incidents, 
narrations and tacts that, while they would always instruct, 
would often amuse. If we have succeeded in our aim, we are 
satisfied; but whether our pages have answered the hopes of 
our friends and readers we must leave them to judge. 

We hope the volume of which this is the first number will 
shine with even greater brightness than its predecessors. We 
have exerted ourselves that it shall bo so. Elders John Taylor, 
AVilford Woodruff, G. :M. Ottinger, J. L. Barfoot, J. Nicholson! 
C. W. Stayner and other brethren have given us assurances that 
articles from their pens shall illumine our columns. With this 
we are greatly pleased, for we believe in home literature. If 
it be wise that the clothes that we weai, that to-day are new 
and next year are worn out, should be of home manufacture, 
how much more necessary is it that our publications, which 
will endure for ages, be filled with truths wi-ought from the 
hearts and brains of the Elders of God's kingdom. 

With a feeling of gratitude toward our patrons for their 
past support, we have now to ask them for a continuance of 
their patronage, and also that they and all others who feel an 
interest in the work in which we are engaged— the educational 
advancement of our youth— endeavor by their influence among 
their friends to extend the circulation of the Instructor) 
until^ its pages shall be read and its salutary influence felt in 
the family of every Latter-day Saint. 



-•^ 



If the disposition to speak well of others were universally 
prevalent, the world would become a comparative paradise. 
The oppo.site disposition is the Pandora-box, which, when 
opened, fills every house and every neighborhood with pain 
and sorrow. How many enmities and heartburnings flow from 
this source! How much happiness is interrupted and destroyed! 
Envy, jealousy and the malignant spirit of evil, when they 
find vent by the lips, go forth on their mission like foul fiends 
to blast the reputation and peace of others. 





oT TJ "V" S IN" I L E insrSTI^TJCTOI^. 




THE IjIG-HITHIOXJSE 

iDOisricEir. 




I HARDLY know how to tell my story in proper terms, it is so \ 
exceedingly immoral — showing as it does the success of 
envy, malice, and 
all uncharitable- 
ness;howacruel. 
premeditated. 
and unprovoked 
murder may be 
committed with- 
out any punish- 
ment, and the 
murderer live on 
respected and ap- 
parently content- 
ed, though we 
must hope suf- 
fering internal 
agonies in his 
conscience. I 
must begin, how- 
ever at the be- 
ginning. 

Therfe is a light- 
house built unon 
a rocky islet jut- 
ting out into the 
stormy Irish sen , 
surrounded v.\.h 
dangerous reef^i, 
where vessels of 
old were continu- 
ally wrecked, and 
even now often 
come to grief. 
It is joined to the 
mainland by a 
small suspension 
bridge, aad cau 
only be reached 
by a staircase of 
some three hun- 
dred rude steps 
winding down 
the face of the 
cliffs, the rocky 
ledges in one 
place little better 
than a ladder, 
while on both 
sides the preci- 
pices rise five 
hundred f e e t 
sheer out of the 
sea. Upon this 
island live the 
lighthouse-keep- 
er, his wife and 
donkey, and up 
and down this path these three '.-inss every w?.^'v to g?t their 
provisions at the nearest little town, some thre? or fi vc miles 
away. At the top of the ro;k is a shel wher; a -/ a ' M-.-t is 
kept, to which they harness the donkey, miko 'heir e v 'ed'- 
tion, and return along the cng^'y, stee;i rarintu'n riil b.'ain 1 




the promontory. When the party reach the top of the steps, 
the cart is again put into the shed, the coods are bound on the 
donkey's back, who, with much neatness and dispatch, pro- 
ceeds to step with his load carefully down the stairs and then 
up again into the island, eaiTying everything safely into his 

home. 

Things h a d 
thus gone on 
very prosperous- 
ly for some time, 
though living 
was alittle scanty 
for the donkey, 
as the i.sland pro- 
duces little but 
sea-birds, which 
lay their eggs on 
the ledges of rock 
all around, which 
sre so narrow 
that if a human 
hand attempts to 
lift an eg^, it is 
impossible to re- 
place the round 
and slippery 
thing once more, 
and it rolls into 
the sea. Yet 
here, on a mar- 
gin of two inches 
or so, the guille- 
mots may be 
seen sitting each 
on her single 
long, bluii-h egg, 
their little white 
stomachs bolt 
upright, in rows 
close together, 
but apparently 
qu'te com'br'a- 
b'e. The gulls 
and razorbills 
take it easier, 
and squat less 
stiiHy over the 
two eggs which 
they lay. The 
clamor of the 
clouds cf biids 
all talking at 
once is deafen- 
ing. The colony 
is most regular 
in its habits; it 
appears on the 
island always on 
the same day in 
Februarj' — hav- 
ing previously 
sent an ambassage of select birds about a fortnight before to 
see that the rock i* still in its right place, that their seaside 
lodgings fool, etc., are all in readiness. After their young 
ones are fle Ige 1, the binls all leave the cliifs on the same day 
in August, and their children are not allowed to return to th 





CTTJ^En^IlliE XlSrSTTtTJCTCDTl 




community, it is said, until they have attained the ase of 
two years. 

The birds are preserved with almost relijfious veneration, in 
a fog; when the light is invisible and the bell, which is sup- 
posed to sound a distance of two miles, is unheard in the thick 
air, the noise of the birds give warning of the dangerous coast 
at hand. 

Nothing could exceed the peace and liarmon> of the island. 
The gulls and the donkey did not in any way interfere with 
each other. He was happy both in the society of the summer 
and the solitude of the winter; when in an evil moment the 
lighthouse-keeper took it into his head to add a pony to the 
establishment, which was brought down the steps with great 
trouble. 

The donkey was hurt as to his feelings as well as in his 
stomach. Clearly there was not room for a living for two; 
the blades of grass were already so scanty that he had to eke 
out his dinner with potato parings etc.— indeed, he ate every- 
thing that the pigs (if they had existed) would have taken. 
What had this wretched beast— he thought— to do in his 
terrritory? infringing on his rights? taking the bread out of 
his very mouth? He was naturally excessively cross, and gave 
way to his temper, and plagued and tormented the miserable 
pony out of his very life. Still the obdurate lighthouse-keeper 
would not rid him of his enemy, and the donkey began to 
see that there would be no end to his annoyance except through 
his own exertions. 

One day, unable to control bis temper, he suddenly crept up 
close to the pony's side, seized him traitorously with his teeth 
by the scuff of the neck, dragged him to the edge of the 
rocks, turned round, and kicked him nearer and nearer to the 
precipice, but a little way off, and at last fairly pushed him 
into the breakers below. It was all too quickly done for a 
re.scue; the lighthouse man from the top of his tower, helpless 
to interfere, saw the poor pony, still alive, floating out to sea 
oyer the reefs, the gulls hovering above him ready to fall on 
him and banquet upon his remains! 

An attempt was next made to bring in a she-goat; but the 
donkey was so much the stronger and more astute of the two, 
that she was obliged to be caiTied away almost immediately, 
or it was clear she would have soon shared the pony's fate: 
and the donkey now reigns undisputed lord of the situation. 




TJow many thousands of child-hearts are just at this good 
±1 old season of Christmas made happy in the possession of 
the annual gifts from Santa Claus of dolls and Noah's arks, of 
lead soldiers and dancing figures and all the rest of the world 
of toy..*. I wonder if all the children know where Santa Claus 
procures the mony beautiful things he brings them; if the girls 
know how and where the wonderful speaking, crying and 
smiling dolls are made? Of course, they have all heard of 
Nuremberg, and Nuremburg is generallv stvled the big toy 
town; but it provides the old saint principally with the cheajteV 
kinds of toys now. Just on the borders of the Thuringian 
Fore-st lies the pretty little town of Sonneberg, and it is about 
this place I intend to write to-day; for here it is that the most 
beautiful dolls and children's toys are made at the present time 
in fiermany. 

Well, I mu.st tell you something about Sonnebers, and how 
the toys are made. The Germans call the little town^a daughter 
of the ancient city of Nuremberg, who many rears ago was 
marned to the Thuringian Forest; thou-h she is almost a 



matron herself, but is far more beautiful than the old lady on 
the Pegnitz. Sonneberg is a pretty little city of 20,000 
inhabitants, situated at the foot of one of the most southern 
ranges of the Thuringian hills, from which we can look across 
a broad, fruitful plain as far as Coburg, whose fortress is 
plainly visible, some fifteen or twenty miles distant. Sonne- 
burg, besides being beautifiil, is a very prosperous little place; 
it carries on a large trade both with England and the United 
States. 

The Sonneberg toy industry, which arose in the southwestern 
part of the Thuringian Forest, belonging to the duchy of 
Saxe-Meiningen, dates from the thirteenth century. At first 
the articles manufactured were of the very rudest de.scription, 
wooden shingles, staffs, jugs, plates, etc., which were carved 
by the inhabitants of the mountain villages, wood cutters and 
charcoal burners, who thus made use of their leisure time. 
Some of these poor mountaineers then gathered together these 
wares, and, heavily loaded, wandered with them into Fran- 
conia, where they disposed of them and returned to the moun- 
tians, with meal, wool, cloth or whatever else they wanted for 
themselves or their neighbors. It was a dangerous lite for the 
poor fellows, for highway robbers were plentiful, and many a 
poor toy dealer was robbed of all he possessed and sometimes 
even murdered. In the following century, however, a great 
improvement took place in the condition of the dwellers of 
Thuringia. A highway from Augsburg to Leipsic and Dresden 
was made through the forest; thenceforward caravans of Augs- 
berg and Nuremburg traders passed along the route, and in 
returning purchased the manufactured wares from the villages. 
Then the merchants brought to the mountaineers better 
models from the Berchtesgaden toy makers, taught them how 
to paint their manufactures and to improve them so that they 
could be exported as the wares of Berchtesgaden or Nurem- 
berg. This was the commencement of the Thuringian toy 
industrj'. 

A very different business was that of the old Sonnebergers 
from that of the modern people. Toys were not purchased in 
such quantities in those days; people were neither so cultivated 
nor so rich, and doubtless the children had to be satisfied with 
the simplest and rudest things. But the Sonnebergers had 
also other business to attend to. They supplied the armies of 
Eurojie with flints; they manufactured and sold whetstones, 
slates and slate pencils; they began to manufacture marbles, 
and glass and iron manufactories were established in the beau- 
tiful wooded valleys. Salzburg Protestant exiles first intro- 
duced the manufacture of marbles into Thuringia. They are 
made in the same way now as then, and form a large article of 
Sonneberg export. You may find half a dozen marble mills 
in the valley leading from Sonneberg to Judenbach. Children 
and grown up persons first break the hard limestone into small 
sf)uare pieces, which are afterwards ground round in the so- 
called marble mills. It is estimated that 50,000,000 marbles 
are manufactured annually, polished and colored and sent from 
Sonneberg to all parts of the world; and of late years besides 
marbles of stone are those made of glass, porcelain and other 
materials. The glass blowing establishments of the valleys 
near Sonneberg were first founded by Bohemian emigrants who 
were attracted to Thuringia by the gold washings which were 
carried on some centuries ago in the mountain valleys. 
i'To he Continued.) 



Many persons who appear to repent, are like sailors, who 
throw their goods overboard in a storm, and wish for them in 
a calm. 





vTTJ'^EITIXjE I3SrSTI2,TJOTOI^.. 




THCE O .A. 2s<J: E Xj . 




MANY years ago the Government of the United States intro- 
duced camels into Texas, with the intention of using 
them for freighting across the plains. In Asia this is a com- 
mon use for the camel or dromedary to be pnl to. One of the 
Texan camels strayed across to this Territory, and for a long 
time he was exhibited in this city at the Museum and Menag- 
erie. We see the use to which this useful and intelligent 
animal is applied under such circumstances; not that this cut 
represents our Menagerie, or the intelligent attendant at that 
place at that time, Mr. Sangiovanni. No; this represents the 
camels of the Zoological Gardens, at Central Park, and shows 
the little lady vistors enjoying themselves, if it can be possible 
to enjoy a ride on such an unpleasant animal to ride as a 
camel. Many young ladies of this city can remember "Joe," 
as the camel was called in this city; and how they were shaken 
in riding on his "hump," that part of the animal that is con- 
cealed from view in our cut 
by the young lady at the back 
sitting upon it. Two or three 
could ride upon "Joe" at one 
time; he was very willing to 
carry that number around the 
yard, but objected to a greater 
number. "Joe" had a very 
sensible way of showing his 
disapprobation when he was 
overweighted; he would go 
down on his knees, and refuse 
to get up again. 

The camel here shown gives 
a very faithful representation 
of that generally docile, but 
at times really intractable and 
even ferocious animal. The 
camel is remarkable for its 
memorj'; it knows and obeys 
its keeper, remembers visitors 
who are kind, that is. who 
give it cakes and candy, and 
does not forget injuries. His 
method of attack and defense 
is to use the fore foot and 
mouth. The jaws are really 
formidable, and a blow from 
the foot would be something fearful to receive. In Arabia 
the camel is said to be gentle, obedient, patient, and admirably 
adapted to that country. By a natural provision, the creature 
can endure great privation of food. It has capacious stom- 
achs, in which to carry surplus water for a journey; and when 
hungry the spare vegetation of the desert is ample to satisfy 
his wants. When there is a scarcity of food, the hump, which 
is a mass of fat, is gradually absorbed into the system, to keep 
the lamp of life burning; and it does not appear to diminish 
the water supply it carries, as it drinks every day if it can get 
water. 

The camel is one among many of the higher evidences of 
design in the structure of animals; even the foot is wide, soft 
and web-like, so as to enable the creature to travel over the 
dreary sands with freedom. The hind legs can bend forward 
like the knee-joint, so as to facilitate its movements. The eye 
of this animal is remarkable for intelligence, the hearing is 
acute, and the voice is expressive of the various emotions. 



Ho is a vegetarian, with an astonishing capacity for eating, in 
which nothing comes amiss. 

So now we will leave the little ladies to continue their ride 
on the camel of the Zoological G^irdens, thankful that we have 
such a pleasing representation of the way they enjoy them- 
selves in New York Central Park. B. 



I?. E F L E C T I O IsT S 



BY E. H. 




TWO boys went out one day and killed a porcupine. I have 
thought much upon it since that time. The porcupine 
would do no harm if let alone; he did not possess any 
property that they could take: his life was all he had. Those 
thoughtless boys took that life away. I felt grieved when I heard 
of it; I knew that they had cruelly taken that which they 
could not restore. Suppose any person should take all those 

boys have on earth, would they 
not think it very hard, even if 
their lives were spared? I think 
'they would wish to have such 
a wicked person punished. 
Would they not make a great 
complaint to their friends. 
Suppose these boys were at 
play and some wild beast should 
come out of the thicket, seize 
those boys and tear them in 
pieces. Their friends would 
turn out and hunt that wild 
beast and kill it, and not only 
the one that killed the boys but 
all they could find of the same 
kind. 

I understand we are to be 
judged according to the deeds 
done in the body, or according 
to the things founi written in 
the books. If we have done 
good we shall come forth in 
the resurrection of the just; 
but if we have done evil we 
shall stay until the resurrection 
of the unjust. And now I 
hope my readers may consider 
this and not be cruel to any dumb unofFensive animal; but 
under all circumstances do as they would wish to be done by. 



Never forsake a friend. When enemies gather around, 
when sickness falls on the heart, when the world is dark and 
cheerless, is the time to try true frendship. They who turn 
from the scene of distress betray their hypocrisy and prove 
that interest only moves them. If j-ou have a friend that 
loves you, who has studied your interest and happine.ss, be 
sure to sustain him in adversity. Let him feel that his former 
kindness is appreciated, and that his love was not thrown 
away. Real fidelity may be rare, but it exists — in the heart. 
They only deny its worth and power who never loved a friend 
or labored to make a friend happy. 



Have the courage to do without that which you do not 
need, however much your eyes may covet it. 





lO 



or TJ V E IsT I H. E insrsTi^ucTOi?. 




HCETTiT im: J^ I?. "V I 3sr . 



\"Y7he.\ tlie British and Tories attacked Now London, Connec 
}y ticut, in IT — ,and set a price on the head of Gover- 
nor (jriswold, the latter fled to the town of L — , where his- 
cousin, Mrs. Marvin, hid him for some days in a secluded 
farm-house. But at length the subtle foe discovered his 
retreat, and one sunny afternoon in May he was routed from 
his hiding-p'ace by the tidings that a band of horsemen were 
approaching to capture him. 

His only chance to escape was to reach the mouth of a little 
creek which emptied itself into the Connecticut river, just above 
the entrance of the latter into the Long Island Sound. There 
he had a boat stationed, with two faithful attendants hidden 
beneath the high banks of the creek. The distance from the 
firm house to the boat was two miles by the usually traveled 
road. But a little path across the farmers' orchards would 
bring him to the road, only a mile from th^' boat, and savj a 
quarte.'s length of his fearful run for life. 

Just where the narrow path from the orcharl op ned 
into the road, Hetty Marvin sat with her dog Towser, tending 
the bleaching of the household linen. The long web of foi ty 
yards or more, which was diligently spun and woven dining 
the long winter months was whitened in May, and thus n.ade 
ready for use. The business of bleaching was well economized, 
being usually done by the younger daughters of the family, 
who were not old enough to spin, or strong enough fur the 
heavier work of the kitchen or the dairy. 

The roll of linen was taken by the farmer or his stout 
'help" to a grassy plat, beside a spring or meadow brook. 
There it was thoroughly wetted and spread upon the green turf, 
to take the best heat of the sun by day and the dew by night. 
The little maiden who tended it would sit no;ir it. 

Thus sat Hetty Marvin, the young daughter of Governor 
Gri.swuld's cousin, when her hunted friend sprang past her into 
the road to escape from his pur.-uers. Hetty was a timid child 
of about twelve years; yet thoughtful and wise beyond any ot her 
elders. She was frightened by the headlong haste with which 
the Governor rushed across the meadow. But she (pilckly 
comprehended the scene, and instantly quieted her faithful 
dog Tow.ser, who, though a friend of the family gue.^t, thought 
it becoming to bark loudly at his hurried stejjs. 

Her wise forethought arrested the Governor's notice, and 
suggested a scheme to delude his punsuer.s. ''Hetty," he said, 
earnestly, "I am flying for my life; and unless I can reach my 
boat before I am overtaken I am a lo.^t man. You see the 
road forks here. But you must tell those men who ai'e chas- 
ing me that I have gone up the road to catch the mail-vvagon, 
which will soon be along, you know. Then they will turn ofl^ 
the other way. " 

"Oh, cousin!" said the little girl, in an agony of di.stress, 
'■I cannot tell a lie; indeed I cannot; why did you tell me which 
way you were going?" 

'■Hetty, dear child, surely you will not Letray me to my 
death! Hark, they are coming— I hear the click of their 
horses' feet. Oh, Hetty, tell them I have gone up the road 
instead of down: and heaven will bless you. ' ' 

'•Heaven never blesses those who speak falsely, cousin! But 
1 will not tell them which way you go, even if they kill me; 
so run as (piickly as possible." 

'■It's of no use, unle.ss I can deceive them I am a dead man." 

'■Cousin, cousin, hide under my web of cloth; they'd never 
think ot looking here for you. Come get down as .swift as you 
can, and I'll cover you, and stand sprinkling my linen." 




"It's my only chance, child; I'll get down as you say." 
And suiting the action to the word, the Governor was soon 
hidden under the folds of the cloth. 

Angry that their expected prey had escaped from the house 
where they hoped to secure him, the six mounted Tories, 
headed by a British officer, da.shed along the road in swift 
pursuit. At sight of the girl in the meadow, the leader of the 
party paused. 

"Child," he said, sternly, "have you seen a man running 
hereabouts. ' ' 

"Yes, sir," replied Hetty, trembling and flushing. 

"Which way did he go?" 

"I promised not to tell, sir." 

'But you must, or take the consequences." 

"I said I would' nt tell if you killed me," sobbed the fright- 
ened girl. 

"I'll have it out of her," exclaimed the furious officer with 
an oath. 

"Let me speak to her," said his Tory guide; "I know the 
child, I believe. Isn't your name Hetty Marvin?" he asked 
pleasautl ;. 

"Yes sir." 

"And this man that ran by a few minutes ago was j'our 
mother's cousin, wasn't he?"' 

"Ye-, s!r, he was." 

"Well we are friends of his— what did he say to you when 
he came along?'' 

"He— told me— that he was flying for his life." 

"Just so, Hetty; that was very true. I hope he wont have 
to fly fa:-. Where was ha going to hide? you see I could help 
him if I knew his plans." 

Now Hetty was not a whit deceived by his smooth speech. But 
^he WIS willing to tell as much of the truth as would consist with 
his safety, and she wisely judged that her frankness would 
serve her kinsman better than her silence. So she answered 
her questioner candidly. "My cousin said he was going down 
this way to the river, where he had a boat: and he wanted me 
to tell the men that were chasing him that he had gone on the 
other way tocatcb thj mail-wagon." 

"Why didn't you do as he bid you, then, when I asked you 
where he had gone?' ' thundered the officer fiercely. 

'•I could not tell a lie, sir," was the fearful answer. 

'•Hetty," again began the smooth-tongued Tory, "you are 
a nice child. Evcry-b'^dy knows you are a girl of truth. 
What did your cousin say when you told him that j-ou couldn't 
tell a falsehood?" 

'•He said he shouldn't think I'd betray him to his death." 

'And you then promised him you wouldn't tell which way 
ho went, if you were to be killed for it?" 

"Yes sir." 

"That was a brave speech; and I suppose he thanked you 
for it, and ran down the road as quickly as possible." 

"I promised not to tell where he went, sir." 

'■Oh, yes, I forgot. Well, tell us his last words and we 
won't trouble you any more." 

'•His last words were: It's my only chance, child, and I'll 
get down as you say.'" And overcome by fright, and the 
sense of her kin-man's danger, should they rigidly interpret 
the language which .she had rei>orted, she sobbed aloud, and 
hid her face from sight. 

Her tormentors did not stay longer to soothe or (luestion her. 
They had got, as the;, supposed, the information which they 
wanted, and pu.shed rapidly on down to the river. Now the 
(iovernor had arranged with his boatman that a white cloth by 





a""D"V"3±]3^i:LiE iisrsTi?."croToi^. 




day, or a light by night, displayed from the attic of his hiding 
place, which was just visible at the mouth of the river, should 
inform them that he was in trouble, and put them on the alert 
to help him. As soon, therefore, as he started from his cous- 
in's the signal floated from the window to warn them. And 
when they saw the pursuing party dash madly down the road 
to the river, and recognized the British uniform of the leader, 
they pulled swiftly out to .sea. The horsemen reached the 
shore only in season to see the boat with two men in it nearly 
out of sight; and supposing their destined prey had escaped, 
relinquished the uprsuit. 

Meanwhile the hunted victim lay safe and quiet, where the 
simple .shrewdness of the little cousin had hidden him, until the 
time came for her return for supper. Then he bade her go as 
usual to her home, telling her to ask her mo',her to place the 
signal lamp, as soon as it grew dark, in the window, for the 
boatman, and to send him there some supper, with his valise, 
which, in the fury of departure, he left behind. 

The signal recalled the boat, which after twilight had vent- 
ured in sight of the shore and fiirmhouse, and the Governor 
quietly made his way to the river in .safety. When be rejoined 
his father in a safe home, he named his infant daughter, which 
had been born in his absence, "Hetty Marvin," that he might 
be daily reminded of the little cousin whose truth and shrewd- 
ness saved his life.— Indiana Cliurchmav. 



J^ J'OTJK.ISrE'X' J^CTtOSS THE 



BY ELDER JOHN T.WLOR. 




IN the latter part of October, 1849, a number of missionaries 
started from Salt Lake Valley to go to the States, among 
whom were several of the Twelve, who were going to introduce 
the gospel to foreign lands. Elder Erastus Snow was appointed 
to Denmark, Lorenzo Snow to Italy, myself, in company with 
John Pack and Curtis E. Bolton, to France. We were accom- 
panied to the States by Elder Jedediah M. Grant, Bishops 
Edward Hunter, A. 0. Smoot and Edwin D. Woolley, Joseph 
Hej^wood, and a number of other Elders and brethren. 
Several merchants also accompanied the expedition. While 
journepng, we had a variety of singular adventures, and expe- 
rienced some remarkable interpositions of providence during 
the trip, some of which may not be uninteresting to the 
readers of the Instructor. 

When we arrived at a point some distance west of Laramie, 
as we turned out our horses at noon, suddenly a large body 
of Indians, amounting in number to about a hundred or a 
hundred and fifty, appeared in sight. They were evidently on 
the lookout for a body of Crows, a hostile tribe of Indians, 
who had .hovered around us for some time on our journey. 
As they first hove in sight they swept along with all the 
abandon of the red man, and their appearance was really very 
attractive. They were perhaps a mile from us when we first 
saw them. I was very much interested in their appearance, 
as they came dashing down upon us on their firey steeds in 
warlike costume. The manes and tails of their horses were 
painted various colors, and the Indians themselves, painted 
and aiTayed in their richest and gayest styles, prepared for 
war, presented a magnificent aspect. But our personal safety 
soon led us to other reflections. While a part of the company 
immediately gathered up the horses, another part attended to 
our firearms; and before the Indians reached us, we had 
formed a line for defense, with our guns and pistols all prepared 



for anything that might transpire. The Indians rode to within 
about two rods of us, and then made a halt; and as we had our 
guns leveled at them, they immediately assumed a hostile 
attitude. Some of them having flini-lock guns, commenced 
pecking their flints and making ready for firing, and others 
wet their fingers and placed their arrows in their bows, prepar- 
atory to an encounter. While thus engaged on both sides. 
waiting for anything that might transpire, a fat, jolly-looking 
Indian came lumbering up on horseback, not having been able 
to keep pace with his more youthful companions. He held uj) 
both hands, and, as I understood this was a sign of peace, and 
that he evidentlj' desired to avoid any collision, I went out to 
meet him. He then produced a paper, which stated that 
these Indians were peaceable and friendly. It was signed by 
a Major Sanderson, who was then commanding at Fort Lar- 
amie. Although their attitude did not bespeak the most 
pacific intentions, we of course received the statement with as 
good a grace as possible. While waiting, several Indians 
attempted to pass us on the flank. When he saw this. General 
Grant, who had assumed command of the company for the 
time being, ordered a number of men to level their guns at 
them, which caused them to remain. And as we could not 
talk with them nor they with us, and no interpreters being 
present, we had to judge by signs as best we could. They 
pointed out to us several sentinels placed on the tops of moun- 
tains in diflFerent directions, and intimated by signs that they 
wanted these men t<) go to them, so we permitted them to 
pass. The chief then touched his moulh or tongue, and we 
suppo.sed that they desired something to eat. I made a motion 
for the chief to move his men back which he did. They sat 
down and we furnished them with beef, crackers, tobacco, etc. ; 
but we found that they were not hungry, and that they were 
anxious to talk with us. We smoked the pipe of peace with 
them, and then harnessed our horses and prepared to start, 
when they formed a line on each side of us; each of our men, 
as a precautionary measure, taking his gun in his hand as he 
drove his team. The chief expressed a desire to have some of 
us go to his camp, which he informed us by signs was not far off". 
Loreuzo Snow, Bishop Hunter and I accompanied him, and 
our train moved on its course. The camp, which was about 
three miles from our own encami)ment. we found to be very 
large. The Indians were well-formed, athletic men, and good 
specimens of their race. There were a great many respectable 
looking lodges, and I should suppose about three thousand 
horses grazing about. When we met them the chief seemed 
somewhat chagrined, and we thought that the repulse of his 
men by us was the cause. There was a Frenchman at the 
camp, who acted as interpreter during our interview. In our 
conversation the chief asked us why we had assumed a warlike 
attitude towards his people. We told him that we were not 
acquainted with t'lem, and thought it best to be prepared. 
We did not know but that it might be some of the Crows, 
who had been hovering around us. They were anxious to 
know about the Crows, having heard that they were going to 
steal some horses from them. After a short and i)leasant 
interview, we left and joined our camp. That night we put 
out a strong guard around our horses, and the same night the 
Crows stole a good many horses from these Indians, as well as 
the horses of some trappers who were in the immediate vicin- 
ity; but ours were not molested. On reaching Fort Laramie 
we were very courteously received and kindly treated by Major 
Sanderson. 

As it was late in the fall, the snow began to descend and the 
whole country [was covered to about twelve inches in depth 





IS 



J- U ^ E ILTI L E IITSTie/TJOTOI?.. 




Immediately after we crossed the south fork of the Platte 
River we met with a very remarkable circumstance which we were 
led to look upon as a providential occurrence and the interpo- 
sition of the Almisihty in our behalf For right on the road 
that we traveled all the way from there to Fort Kearney, 
the snow had been blown from the road the entire distance, 
as if having been swept by a broom, leaving a clear track for 
us to travel on. It was verj' difficult to find nutritious food 
for our animals, the grass having been killed b3' the frost, and 
before we reached the Jlissouri River manj- of them failed and 
a number died. The very last day before we arrived, we 
encountered a very severe snow storm which made it extremely 
diffioidt for the animals to move, and many of them gave out. 
After much difficulty we arrived at an old deserted fort on the 
Missouri River, parties bringing in the wearied animals as best 
they could. Although an old deserted log house with large 
openings between the logs and without windows or doors was 
the only shelter affijrded us, I am not aware of any time in my 
life when I experienced a greater sense of providential interposi- 
tion and relief than I did with that temporary refuge from 
the storm. We .stayed there the next day and found a family in 
the immediate vicinity who cooked and provided for us. We 
found that the ice was running very strong in the Missouri 
River, and that it was impossible to ferry across. The suc- 
ceeding was one of the most severely cold nights that I ever 
experienced, and in the morning some of our party went down 
to the river and found that the ice was piled up and formed a 
bridtre across. A company was selected to see if it was safe, 
and they returned and stated that they thought the ice, though 
very uneven, would bear us. We immediately made prepara- 
tions to cross the river, and, although it was verj' rough, we 
took our wagons over witbiut much difficulty; but found that 
towards the last it began to be ver\- shaky and uncertain. Mr. 
Kinkead, a merchant, who was aloug, having a lot of gold 
(lu.st in his ])ossession, was afraid his team would sink before 
he got over, and he carried it over on his shoulders, leaving 
his man to bring the team over as best he might. After 
having used all the energy we could to get our teams over, the 
la.st one had only just crossed the river when the ice gave way 
and floated down the stream, thus exhibiting another remark- 
able manifestation of tho jirovideuce of God towards His 
Elders who were going forth on missions to proclaim the 
gospel of .salvation to the nations of the earth. Many people 
would be apt to look upon these things as natural occurrences- 
I a.«cril»c them to the power of that being who says the hairs 
of our heads are numbered, and that a .sparrow cannot fall to 
the ground without our Father's notice. 



Pki.fisiinkss is jiovorty: it is the most utter destitution of a 
human l)eing. It can bring nothing to his reloif, it adds 
soreness to his .sorrows,' it sharpens his pains, it aggravates all 
the losses he is lialble to endure, and when goaded to extremes 
often turns destroyer and strikes its last blows on himself It 
pivc-i us nothing to rest in or fly to in trouble, it turns our 
affections on ourselves, .self on .self, as the sap of a tree 
dcstonding out of .<eason from its heavenward branches and 
making not only iu life u.seless, but its growth downward. 



Tiu K pity is not a moro.sc, but a cheeiful thing; whilst it 
make.- me joyful it delivers me from frivolity, yet il causes me 
t.i be ple.i.<ant and glad. 




IK when young, needy when old. 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



0» THE HISTORY OF .JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON I. 



Q. 

A. 

Q 

A. 
Q.- 
A. 
Q- 

A. 

Q.- 

A 

Q. 

A 

Q. 
A. 

Q. 

A. 

Q- 

A. 

Q." 

A.- 
Q.- 
A. 
Q.- 

A. 



— Whom did God raise up to be a Prophet in these days? 
— Joseph Smith. 
— Where was he born? 
— In the town of Sharon. 
—In what state? 
— In the state of Vermont. 
In what country? 

■In America. 
—When was he born? 
—On the ijrd December 1805. 
— What was his father s name? 
— Joseph. 

—What was his mother's name? 
— Lucy. 

-Had he any brothers? 

-Yes. ■ , 

-How many? 

-Five. 

-What were their names? 

- A.lvin, Hyrum, Samuel Harrison, William and Don Carlos. 

How many sisters had he? 

-Three. 

What were their names? 

-So])hronia. Cathenne and Lucy. 



G H: ^^ T^ J^ ID E . 



BY J. L. B. 



I'.M in the settlements admired, as well as in the city; 

And by bo.th sexes, young and old, considered "very pretty." 
But then, I always try to please, wliich we should all endeavor, 
So I continue, like my first, as "juvenile" as ever. 

I teach the arts and sciences; the past and present showing 
In history, biography, and other things worth knowing. 
My illustrations and my text, "charades" and all are reckoned 
As "proofs" that I deserve the name that designates my 

SECOND. 

You know me. We've been friends for years- I'm in my 
Tenth year now; 

And I improve— as all should do— the older that I grow. 
My aim is to improve Tou too, in body and in soul, 
And be what I profess to be. So now you know my whole. 



The answer to the Charade published in Number 2.5 is 

PROCR.4STiN-.iTiON. We have received correct solutions from 

Jos. L. Robinson, Fillmore; J. M. Ballinger, Pleasant Grove; 

Beckey J. Noall, J. W. Ashton, E. Brooks, W. T. Cooper, 

W.C. Peck, Millie Peck, Heber J. Sears, Salt Lake City. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE O. CANNON. EDITOR A PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum - - $2 00. 

J»-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle. 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

AU Communications to this Office shotild be directed 
"Editor J uvenile Insteuctor. ' ' ' 




