
#s^ 




4 <1 



" BUT WITH ALL THY GETTING 
GET UNDERSTANDING." 




THERE IS NQ EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, 1867. 



NO. 4. 



JOSEPH SOLID ZB3T HI3S BIE^IETIHIIE^IEItT. 



WHO has ever read the Bible and not been delighted and 
fascinated with the story of Joseph, the son of Jacob? 
From the time we first read the story, it has always possessed a 
peculiar interest to us. We think every child who reads it must 
feel the same. Born in Syria while his father was a herdsman, 
then carried into Canaan — when but a little over seventeen 
years old, sold by his brothers as 
a slave; taken to Egypt, by the 
merchants who bought him, and 
again sold; in his new master's 
employ was promoted to be a 
steward or overseer; through the 
lies of a wicked woman lost his 
position and was thrown into 
prison — after some years confine- 
ment, released, and from the 
prison was raised to almost king- 
ly dignity, being made ruler over 
all Egypt, second only to the 
king; afterwards became the de- 
liverer of the kingdom and of 
the people of the surrounding 
nations, also of his father and 
his father's family; what a ro- 
mantic life was Joseph's! It is 
all related in Genesis, chapters 
37 and 39 and to the 48th, and 
should be read by all our Ji'VE- 
Nii.es. From his childhood 
Joseph seems to have had the 
fear of God before his eye.- and 
to have sought diligently to keep 
Hi- commeodmentB, The Lord 
was his friend, and though he 

endured many trials, yet through 

his virtue and faithfulness he 
prevailed and became a mighty 
man in the earth. 

Tli.' engraving which we pub- 
lish with this article represents the bcII'mil' (if Joseph to the 
I-luoaclite merchants. Jacob loved his wife Rachel very 
much, and when she died — .Joseph being yet a eliild— all the 

lore that ha had for his wife, seemed to be bestowed upon her 

child. He was doubtless a very loving, kind boy, and was varj 
obedient to his father. His father mad- him a eoai of many 
Boloaa, and showed liim great favor, for lie loved him OSON tlian 
all his children. This made his brothers envy him, and they 
could not sjxjuk peaceably to him. There Was aBQthflt cause 




:-1^LHbv 




which added to their dislike: Joseph was a dreamer. He 
dreamed that he and his brothers were binding grain in the 
field, and his sheaf raised up and stood upright, and his broth- 
ers' sheaves also stood up around and bowed down before his 
sheaf. He also dreamed that the sun and moon and eleven 
stars did him reverence. These dreams his father and brothers 

interpreted; they understood 
them to mean that they would 
yet bow down to him and do him 
reverence. But his brothers felt 
their own importance, and they 
could not bear that this young 
dreamer should think that he 
would ever rule over them. One 
day Joseph's father sent him to 
find his brothers, who were off 
herding, and to learn if they and 
their flocks were well. When 
his brothers saw him coming, 
they laid a plan to kill him and 
to throw him into a pit. and then 
to tell their father that some wild 
beast hail killed him. But lteu- 

ben, the oldest brother concluded 

it would be better not to kill him; 
but to throw him into a pit and 
there leave him. Though Reu- 
ben did not want to have his 
blood shed, he was willing that 
he should be left in a pit — far 
from all human help — to die of 
Starvation. They took Joseph's 
coat off him, and they threw him 
into a dry pit, and there left him 

to die. They afterwards -at 

down io eat. and while eating, 
they saw a company of [s h mael - 
ites traveling with their camels 
loaded with spice-, etc. They 
ten Judah, Jacob's fourth son. saw 
him. What was the n-e of killing 
bis blood on their bands when they 
? They stopped 1 he company, 
if the pit. they -old liim to the 
silver. Then they killed a kid, 
and dipped Jo-eph's coat of many col, us in it- I. lo,,. I, and. as 
the Hook of Mormon informs US, they tore his coat into pice,-; 
these were carried to Jacob to deceive him and make him think 



*mn*\ 



were going to Egypt 'W 

them, a new idea struck 
their brother, and ha\ in 1 .' 

could .-ell him to these [shmaelites 
and having drawn Joseph out 

l.-hinaeliles for twenty piece- . 



h&tsr 



•**"£?! 



J- TJ ~V B IN" I L E I^STBUCTOR, 




that Joseph had been killed by wild beasts. Jacob's grief at 
the loss of his sou was very great; he supposed that the wild 
beasts had killed him. He rent his clothes and put on sack- 
cloth, and mourned many days. All that his sons and his 
daughters could do to comfort him had no effect. But Joseph's 
dreams were true; God revealed to him through dreams those 
things which did afterwards come to pass. His brothers 
thought when they sold him that his dreams would never be 
fulfilled. But God. in suffering them to sell him, only per- 
mitted them to do that which would fulfil His purposes. Joseph 
was carried into Egypt, and God saw his faithfulness, and 
arranged circumstances in such a manner that he became a 
man of great power in that country, and his brethren did actu- 
ally come and bow down before him and do him reverence. 
Little did they think, when they sold him, that they were put- 
ting him in a position to fulfil his dreams! So it always is with 
the wicked. Children, when you see wicked men opposing the 
work of God and trying to injure His servants, do not be 
frightened or have any fears, they can do nothing against His 
work or His servants. Their actions, though intended for evil 
to us, will only accomplish good; God will thus overrule them. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

O IR, ^_ C !_, IE S . 



NO sooner had the waters of the flood sufficiently dried up, 
than Noah and his family came out of the Ark and offer- 
ed up a sacrifice to God. This offering greatly pleased the Lord, 
who thereupon made a promise to Noah that he would never 
again destroy the inhabitants of the earth by the waters of a flood. 
The children of Noah, however, seem to have soon forgotten 
all about this promise, or to have lost faith in God's power 
to keep his word. They rapidly increased in numbers in the 
land, and after a few years made up their minds to build 
a tower so high that if ever another deluge came, they 7 would 
be able to escape being drowned by it. This act of folly and sin 
greatly angered the Lord, and they had not built the tower 
many stories high, before he confused their language, so that 
they could not understand one another. This confusion soon 
compelled them to leave off, as there was nothing but misunder- 
standing and vexation. For this reason this tower is known as 
the Tower of Babel. The people now having no tie to bind 
them together, soon scattered in families over the face of the 
country. One family went north, another traveled south, 
a third east, and so on. Thus they wandered about from place 
to place, from sea to sea. until they found locations which they 
considered would suit their wants. There they would settle 
down and commence to build and to plant, to make themselves 
secure and comfortable. Prom such little villages grew towns, 
from these towns vast cities, and, in this way, most of the 
11 ' ty nations of 1 1 ■ • - world had their beginning. 

These people who tried to build the tower of Babel, though 
so wicked, could not but know some little of God's laws. 
Noah, Shem and others had preached in their bearing the word 
of the Lord. What little they knew tiny carried with them in 
their journe; in I at thi - oon sadly mixed it up with their 
own ideas and notions, so that in a few years do two separate 
tribes or families bad exactly the same traditions or forms 
of worship. At the time when we have the first account of 
them that can be relied on. they had almn.-t lost every vestige 
of the original faith of their ancestors. The true God they 
knew nothing about, ferae! alone worshiped him. Instead of 
Him, they had all kind- of deities to whom they gave homage, 
to whom they sought for advice, and by whom they imagined 
their affairs were controlled. 

The servants of the Lord learned their Master's will by 



dreams and visions, by angels visiting them, by His speaking 
to them with his own voice, or by consulting the Urim and 
Thummim. Some of the nations who worshiped false gods, 
tried also to get their divinities to talk to them. Their means 
of obtaining information from the other world were by Oracles, 
Auspices, Omens, etc. 

Many of. the Juveniles may have heard of Oracles, and 
wondered what they were. I will try to tell you a little 
about them. The oracles of the Greeks, Romans and their 
neighbors were the revelations of their gods. At least their 
priests said so; for, as these gods were never seen, only in their 
images, or heard but through their priests, the people who in- 
quired of them, had to be satisfied with what those priests told 
them. However, they had a number of ways of making the 
delivery of the oracles solemn and impressive, so that the 
people might believe it was the god himself who spoke. They 
had their temples built in a fashion to suit this purpose, and by 
hissing out their message through the rocks, by giving it in a 
strange language, and such like means, they kept up the faith 
of the people. 

Our youthful readers can scarcely imagine the influence those 
oracles have had on the history of the world. No wars, expe- 
ditions, enterprises or actions of importance were commenced 
without consulting them, and their answers decided the inquir- 
ers as to the course they shoidd pursue. That is if they 
understood the answer, for they were often very ambiguous; in 
other words, they could be made to mean two or three different 
things, and no one could say with certainty which was the right 
meaning. For instance, one ruler was told if he undertook a 
certain war, he would destroy a great nation. He at once came 
to the conclusion that he would destroy his enemies. But in- 
stead of that, he destroyed his own nation, which was a 
powerful one, for his enemies conquered him. Then, said the 
oracle when the thing was done, that is what we meant all the 
time. If he had conquered, the oracles would have said: "we 
knew it." Either way they had it right for themselves. 

Those who went to consult the oracle had to carry valuable 
presents as offerings, and sacrifice horses, cattle and sheep to 
appease the anger of the gods. Sometimes men and women 
(generally slaves) were sacrificed, many thousands in course of 
time losing their lives for this cause on the altars of those 
temples. Now and then the inquirers, not satisfied with 
the replies they received, would argue, threaten and quarrel 
with the gods until they obtained a message that they liked bet- 
ter. Sometimes they cheated the oracle out of what he required 
as a sacrifice, or altered the mandate entirely. This kind 
of operation was considered very smart and praiseworthy, when 
it succeeded. 

A story is told that Numa, the second king of Rome, once 
went to consult an oracle of Jupiter, their chief god. The 
oracle wanted a man to be sacrificed to him. The king, who was 
very humane and kind hearted, made up his mind not to kill a 
man to please him. 

"Cut a head,'' said the oracle. Before he could get out an- 
other word, the king finished the sentence by saying, "from an 
onion in my garden.'' "Of a man," continued the oracle. 
"The topmost hairs," quickly added Numa. The oracle being 
thus balked, began to get angry and said, "I demand a life." 
"Of a fish," again put in the king, nothing daunted. The 
oracle, seeing he could make nothing out of the monarch, con- 
sented to accept the life of a fish, instead of that of a man. 
Thus the king had his way and fooled the god. O, how different 
to the way the Lord has to be approashed. How foolish for 
nations to put their trust in such gods, who could be thus 
baffled and played with. But they knew no better. Their 
fathers' sin resulted in their gross ignorance of all belonging to 
the gospel of heaven. Now, all who read this, can form their 



b\ 



2a 




J~ TJ "V E 1ST I L IE INSTRUCTOR 



27 " W C«> 



own comparisons between such ways and the ways of the Lord, 
and I am sure it will afford new sources of praise that we live 
in a better day, at a time when the truth is taught and our 
parents have heard and obeyed it, and thus made us partakers 
in its blessings. G. R. 



.A. CTTIE^IOTjrS LETTER. 



THE following letter purports to be written by a Jew who 
was traveling in Palestine, in a merchant's employ, at the 
time the Lord Jesus Christ, our Savior, was upon the earth in 
the flesh. It was written by the young man to his tutor in the 
Netherlands. The letter was translated from the Danish of 
Dr. Jung-Stilling by Elder Jess* N. Smith. 

We publish the letter as an interesting document; its chief 
interest being centred in the descriptions of the Savior; but we 
do not endorse its particulars as true. Whether a work of the 
imagination, or not, it is evidently written by the Spirit, and 
leaves a pleasing impression on the reader's mind, and it may, 
possibly, be a true statement. — [Ed. J. I. 



Dear Master Aaron: 

May the peace of God be with you and your whole house- 
hold! 

I now write agreeably to mj' promise to inform you of what- 
ever of interest transpired in the land of our forefathers during 
my sojourn here, and I may say that I have seen and heard 
such things as never before transpired since the world stood. 
In describing what I have seen and heard I shall hold myself 
to the strictest truth, assuring you by our holy Temple that no 
circumstance shall be exaggerated; neither am I in the least 
degree deceived. 

You know that I left Worms in the seventh month of last 
year and afterward stayed some weeks at Rome. I will not 
dwell upon the magnificence of the last named city, as you have 
Been it for yourself. On one occasion I met the Emperor Augus- 
tus, who was riding accompanied by his guards, but 1 cannot 
say that he made any great iniprcssiuu upon inc. Still 1 was 

wounded at the thought that this heathen lia> no n j faith in 

Ida gods than our neighbor Levi has in the God of Israel and 
the .Messiah; he however rules over the people of God. I had 
never before realized so plainly that the Emperor \va- an idola- 
ter. I will endeavor to describe, my worthy friend and pre- 
ceptor, some of the thoughts that came to my mind and 
continued to haunt me during the remainder of my journey. I 
reflected upon the glorious promisee that God through the 
Prophets made to our fathers, while we at the present exp< rit ace 
exactly die reverse of thai which was promised, and I could not 
but call to mind neighbor Levi's infidelity when he would dis- 
oourse as follow.-: 'The heathen talk a great deal of the won- 
derful works which their gods have performed, thej even pre- 
tend to bftve had men who worked miracles, just as we do. 

( lie here referred to the traditions concerning miracles ■■*u<\ pro- 
phecies, as preserved in (be Sibylline books at Rome.) "But, 1 
be would continue, "now their miracles have ceased thi 
as ours have; they no longer have revelation from God, neither 
ba\e we; and it iseasy to perceive that as now eveiythi 
lows the order of nature, just so it always has done, notwith 

ling all that is written in the aneieat I Ice which contain 

nothing but romanoe and partial and unjust descriptions of 

even 

I will not deny that these thoughts pressed themselves upon 
me; I called on the God of Israel for- light, but saw do! b glim 
iner. Panning my journey J found there were several Jews 
on board the ship with me who were traveling to the H 

land, but nothing could be done with them; they thou at oi 



nothing but traffic and deal, and replied with jests to the 
mockery and abuse which the soldiers and sailors heaped upon 
them. Among the soldiers many were Germans on their way 
to Jerusalem to strengthen the garrison there. They were 
certainly rough and uncouth, but honest and reliable, and I 
preferred their company to any other on the ship. The only 
relief I found to my mental trouble was the thought of the 
promised Messiah, of whom you have told me so many precious 
things, and my pastime was in reading what the Prophets have 
foretold. 

At last we arrived at Joppa, where I lodged with the tanner 
Simon, who was formerly a citizen of Leyden, to whom I 
delivered your letter of recommendation. lie received me in a 
very brotherly manner. 

I improved the first opportunity to pour forth my doubts 
and perplexities to this good man, who heard me with sym- 
pathy. But how was I astonished when with much kindness 
of manner he said: "Now truly him we have so long looked for 
has come. A young man. by name Jesus of Nazareth, has for 
thirty-two years, performed such things as were never before 
seen. Never before did any prophet show forth such power as 
he has done, and this not alone among a few followers, but in 
the presence of many hundreds and thousands of witnesses, so 
that it is impossible for any to deny it. He lays his hands 
upon the sick and commands evil spirits to leave people who 
are possessed of them, and they go out, and universally declare 
that he is the Messiah.'' 

At this narration tears of joy streamed from my eyes; "Oh, 
that I might sec him," cried I. 

''That will surely not be difficult," answered Simon, "for he 
travels continually among the people, and many flock to see and 
hear him, so that it is always known where he tames." 

I then asked what the rulers said of him, and what the priests 
and the learned thought of him. 

Simon shrugged his shoulders and replied: "King Herod and 
his court heed him not. When they hear his miracles spoken 
of. it makes no more impression than a new play for the theatre, 
which they would doubtless gO to see. Should .Jesus declare 
that at a certain place he would raise one from the dead, many 
would doubtless gather there with the greatest curiosity to see 

and hear and clap tluir hands for joy. and then afterwards in 

private lay plans to have this dangeroua man secretly put out of 
the way. The priests, the learned and the noUe despise Jesus 

because of his humble parentage, for he i- a carpenter's son, of 

Nazareth, in i lalilee; and although undoubtedly of the race of 

David, yet he is i r and without note or consideration, (her 

thirty-two years ago a holy hermit, named John, the son of 
Zechariah, descended from the priestly line, foretold the re- 
markable events which happened at his birth, and Solemnly 
proclaimed him the Messiah. IJut no credence whatever was 
given to this, as the general belief is that the Messiah me I be 

il Jew of great respectability, very brave, an enemy 

of the Romans, and must be of the Beet of Phari ees, fto. 
Therefore, none have faith in him. but their hearts are filled 
with envy 

At thi< I was filled with apprehension. "My Cod." died I, 
ha\ ir people gunk so deep in corruption?" 

"My dear Joseph," enswered Sin "this is only a tithe of 

w li.t ,,.u will see when you travi I through the oounti 

At I, n Mi I asked, "What dot Jesu i ill tj 

Simon replied, 'lb preaches a great deal against tho cor 
mption that exists, and with burning love and heartfelt chanty 
announces himself the Rcdccmerana Savior of mankind. \t 

dent I ften visits tho Temple, and in great plan 

exhorts and teaches the priests and i mg them hypo- 
crites and vipers and foretelling awful judgment I to rail 

hi them. All tin- make- tie in more ami more embittered 

i ti.it tliev earnestly seek i" take bis ti 
7'o be continued. 



?3^- 



■*HSc& 




J TJ V E3 1ST I Xj El INSTRUCTOR 



$1$ $>n,H%iU ittsfeacfotu 



&& 

¥* 



5S 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



FEBRUARY 15, 1807. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




ASSIXG the corner of one of our princi- 
pal streets a few days ago we came in 
contact with a crowd of boys, who were 
trying to get up a fight between two dogs. 
One of the dogs seemed to have no dis- 
position to fight; but appeared anxious 
only to defend himself and get away. 
The snarling of the dogs, and the yelling of 
the boys, made a hideous noise, and a num- 
ber of other dogs hearing the row, joined 
in the fight. Just as we neared the corner, a 
bishop of one of the principal wards of this 
city, endeavored by word and gesture to quiet the 
boys and have them stop; but he shouted in vain. 
Had the dogs been plucky, the fight would have 
gone on, notwithstanding the remonstrances of the 
bishop; but the dogs were not so desirous of fighting 
as the bo.vs were that they should fight. 
Fighting is a bad business, whether it be between 
men, boys, or animals. It is beneath Latter-day Saints and 
their children, and they should not encourage it in themselves, 
or in others. The practice of training dogs, roosters and other 
creatures to fight is cruel and very low and degrading. God 
has placed man at the head of the animal creation. He is their 
lord, and he can not abuse his power without displeasing the 
Almighty. Yet we hear of people among the saints who eucoiv- 
age this disposition in boys and animals. This is very wrong. 
We hope the boys who read the Instructor will not take 
delight in any such practices. In the countries that we have 
visited where these practices prevail, the people are cruel and 
degraded. Parents are cruel to their children, and children, in 
their turn, are unfeeling to their parents, and all the finer feel- 
ings of the heart and affections are crushed out. 

The Lord has said, through the prophet Isaiah, chapter XI, 
verses — 9: ''The wolf also shall dwell with the lamb, and the 
leopard shall lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young 
lion and the fading together; and a little child shall lead them. 
And the cow and the bear shall feed; their young ones shall lie 
down together: and the lion shall eat straw like the ox. And 
the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp, and the 
weaned child shall put his hand on the cockatrice's den. They 
shall not hurt or destroy in all my holy mountain." Before this 
word ran be fulfilled, fighting among men, and dogs and other 
animals, will have to cease. When animals manifest a disposi- 
tion to fight, instead of encouraging them boys who wish to be 
saints will try and quiet them. 



HOW many are there of our little readers who strictly observe 
the Word of Wisdom? What is the Word of Wisdom? 
some of you may ask. You will find the Word of Wisdom on 
page 240 of the Doctrine and Covenants. The Lord tells us 
that it is not good to drink wine or strong drink, or to drink hot 
drinks, or to use tobacco. And the flesh of beasts and the fowls 
of the air is not fbrthe use of man. but to be used sparingly, and 
should only be used in times of winter, or cold, or famine. Do 
any of the little boys or girls who read the INSTRUCTOR beg their 
mothers to give them a cup of tea or coffee? Do any of the 




boys, secretly chew or smoke tobacco? We have heard of child- 
ren who tease their mothers to let them have these drinks. 
And we have heard of boys — little bits of boys — who think they 
are almost men, they are so smart, because they can smoke and 
chew. They are like monkeys, who when they see men do cer- 
tain things, want to imitate them, without knowing any reason 
for so doing. 

It is not smart, on the contrary it is very silly, for boys to 
chew and smoke tobacco, and drink whisky. If men will do 
such things, and women will drink tea and coffee, that is no 
reason why children shoidd learn such bad habits. We would 
like to hear every boy and girl in our Territory say: "I will keep 
the word of wisdom — I will not drink hot drinks or strong 
drinks, or smoke or chew that filthy, sickening stuff they call 
tobacco, that God tells us is for bruises and for sick cattle." IS 
they would do this, they would receive health of body, and live 
long, for the destroying angel would pass by them, and they 
would find wisdom and great and hidden treasures of knowledge. 
So says the Lord. 



UNCLE GEORGE has gone on a mission to England. We 
know that our little readers will miss his story of "Little 
George." That story has been read with pleasure by old and 
young. But we are happy to be able to say that his absence 
will not be a long one, and that while he will be away he has 
promised to favor us occasionally with communications. "But," 
we imagine we hear our Juveniles ask, "who is Uncle George? 
Is that his true name?" In part it is. We do not think we 
are betraying any confidence when we say that it is Brother 
George D. Watt. He accompanied Brother Brigham Young, 
jr. , on his return to his field of labor in Europe. They started 
on the 4th instant, and we trust they will have a pleasant and 
prosperous trip and safe return. 



CATECHISM 

FOR OUR JUVENILES. 



31. Who preached the first public discourse ever preached by 
any member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints? 

32. When was it preached? and where? 

33. Who were the first missionaries appointed to carry the 
gospel to the Lamanites? 

34. Who were the first members of the church who were 
privileged to stand upon the ground designed for a holy pur- 
pose? What place was it? 

35. Who was the first bishop in the church? 

36. When and where were high priests first ordained in this 
generation? 

37. What important work did the Prophet Joseph do on the 
2nd of August, 1831? 

38. What elder tried to write a revelation like the revelations 
of Jesus? 

39. What became of him? 

10. What was the effect of his attempting to do so on the 
elders? 



BIBLE Q,IJESTI01TS 

INSERTED IN NUMBER TWO, NOW RE-INSERTED WITH THEIR 
ANSWERS. 



1. What was the name of that young man who was sold to 
strangers for twenty pieces of silver? 

JOSEPH. Genesis xxxvii chap., 28 verse. 

2. What was the name of that warrior, who, when he took 
refuge among the enemies of his nation, thought it wisdom to 
feign madness? 

DAVID. 1 Samuel xxi chap., 10 — 15 verses. 

3. What was the name of the man, who, with the jawbone of 
an ass for his only weapon, slew a thousand men? 



JUVE1TILB IITSTRTJCTOB 



29 




SAMSON. Judges xv chap., 15 verse. 

4. What was the name of that prophet who cursed the chil- 
dren for mocking and calling him names; and how many chil- 
dren were there devoured by bears? 

ELISHA, Fortj'-two children. 2 Kings ii chap., 23 — 25 verses 

5. What was the name of that city whose walls were thrown 
down by the blowing of rams' horns and the shouting of the 
people? 

JERICHO. Joshua vi chap., 1 — 5 verses. 

6. What was the name of the apostle who, seeing Jesus walk- 
ing on the water, got out of the ship and joined him? 

PETER. Matthew xiv chap., 25—31 verses. 

7. What man was it whose ass saw an angel, and because his 
master struck him three times, spoke to him? 

BALAAM. Numbers xxii chap., 27 — 30 verses. 

8. What was the name of that prophet who smote a rock 
twice and water gushed forth, and with whom the Lord was not 
pleased because he took the glory to himself? 

MOSES. Numbers xx chap., verses 9 — 12 

The above questions were correctly answered by Geo. Emery. 



f W 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

A TEUE STOET, 
LITTLE GEORGE IS CHOSEN AS AN APPRENTICE. 



LITTLE GEORGE continued to grow in favor with all his 
poor-house associates. He was very industrious at school, 
and had become quite satisfied and contented. 

After he had been an inmate of the poor-housed for about a 
year, he had become a good reader and a good writer, that is, 
for a little boy. He bail often visited the big city during that 
time, and had found the kind lady, and had made many friends 
both inside and outside of the big walls. 

It was a custom fur tradesmen in the big city to visit the 
poor-house on .Saturdays, for the purpose of getting boys to be 
apprentices. Little George had often stood among the boys 
when they were called upon to stand in a row to be chosen. 
One .Saturday he was chosen by a manufacturer of boots and 
shoes. He hated to go with the strange man, but he could nut 
do otherwise. 

In tears he bade farewell to the good old teacher, who laid 
his hand on his shoulder, and offered a short prayer to God for 
his prosperity. That was the last time that little George ever 
saw the kind old teacher who taught him the rudiments of an 
English education. He gave bis marbles, and other little 
things he had which were valuable to him, to his favorite play- 
mate-. Be ako bade farewell to the cook and the gardener, 
and the kind governess; and be would have said good bye to 
the old nurse, if she had been anywhere i" bis way; but be did 
not like hex enough to nek her. lie bad not time to visit the 
grave of the poor cripple; but lie looked towards it, and, in hi- 
heart, said good bye. 

He bad really beeome attached to his poor-hnuse home, and 
when he left with the strange man be wbhed witb grief He 
bade good bye to the dour keeper, and he even felt that be like, I 
the BgV-lookmg door with the iron grate in it better than any 
door he had ever seen. 

Hi lot is again OBSt among stringers, and he must again 
make for himself new friends. 

We have m. w come I'. llie end of the fir.-t part of OUT story. 

Now, my little readers, I must here bid you an affectionate 



farewell for a short time. I am about to take a long journey, 
but I anticipate having opportunities of continuing our history 
of the fortunes and misfortunes of little George. 
Be good children. Good bye. Uncle George. 



THE 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

:k^3nT(3-^:roo- 



WHAT strange looking creatures to be sure! The front one 
is just about to leap, and the one behind is either learn- 
ing to turn head over heels like a clown in a pantomime, or has 
jumped off some hillock, and, having lost his tail, has in conse- 
quence lost his balance, so we cannot say whether he will come 
down on his head, his back, or on those two long legs of his. 
Perhaps the man w T ho drew the picture could tell you, but we 
cannot. 

Did you ever see any animals like them? Not in this country 
we think, for they are not natives of America. Their home is 
far away in the wilds of Australia, where they run, bound and 
leap with a quickness scarcely exceeded by any animals known 
to men. Look at the picture and examine them! See what 




Se^ 



long hind legs they have, and how very short the fore ones are. 
Their bead is something like that of the deer. Their tail is long 
and thick, and their body is something of the same shape. 
They are called Kangaroos, but tin' hunters in that part have 
given them the nicknames of Boomer and Forester. In 
size they vary from about as small as a hare to as large a- a 
good sized man. Their color is generally a greyish brown, still 
many of them arc a browni-h-white or white tint. Like the 
Buffalo they feed on the grass of their native prairies and like 
that animal disappear before tbe home.- of the white men. The 

natives of Australia hum them for food; but the Europeans 
hunt them, as they do foxes in England, for what they call the 
fun of the thing. 

But we have something still stranger to tell you about the 
Kangaroo. They have a small pooch or bag in front of their 

stoma. h in whieb they carry their little ones when they are too 
young to take care of themselves, and long after they are able 

to do bo the; fly to the pouch on the approach of danger, or get 
into it when they ore tired, and may often be seen peeping out 
to s. .• if it is sal'e for them to venture abroad again, 

When the hunter approaches, the Kangaroo generally seeks 
safety by flight What then is to be done with the little ones? 

They cannol run quick e gh to i -.ape the dogs of their pur- 

Buere. S.. th.y Jump into this pouch, and the old one, raising 

itself on its arc hind legs, bound- away, covering about fifteen 

feel :it every leap, until it is either outrun ami killed or has 
escaped it- enemies. What swise provision bj the Lord for the 
sofotj of ii little onesl A- he hi | given this animal 

tooth, 10 he hi- n.ii it thill Oil an- of pre* i\ 
offspring. Still the Kangaroo ha- strong lev- and tail 

witb which it will sometimes flghl braveh when obliged to. 
Now little nad. i- yon know something of the Kangaroo. 



I 




0" TJ "V IE IDT I L IE IUSTE/TJOTOR. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



i in" c i id ie in" t s oif 1 
c^-Uvcif. 



zi ousts 




I ARRIVED at Kirtland on the 25th of April, 1834, and for 
the first time saw the Prophet Joseph Smith. He invited 
me to his house. I spent ahout a week with him, and became 
acquainted with him and his family, also with many of the 
elders and saints living in Kirtland — quite a number of whom 
were preparing to go up to Zion. On Sunday, the 27th of 
April, I attended a meeting in a school house in Kirtland, and 
for the first time heard Elders Sidney Rigdon, Orson Hyde, 
Orson Pratt and others speak and bear testimony of the work 
of God, and much of the Spirit of God was poured out upon 
the saints. 

It was on the 26th of April, 1834, that I was introduced to 
Elders Brigham Young and H. C. Kimball. When I met 
Brother Brigham he had his hands full of butcher knives; he 
gave me one, and told me to go and put a good handle on it, 
which I did. I also had a good sword, which Brother Joseph 
wanted, and I gave it to him. He carried it all the way in 
Zion's camp to Missouri, and when he returned home he gave 
it back to me. When I was called to go on a mission to the 
South I left the sword and knife with Lyman Wight. When 
he was taken prisoner at Far West, with Joseph and Hyrum, 
he had both the sword and knife with him. All then- weapons 
were taken from them, so were the arms of many of the saints 
at Far West, under promise that they should be returned to 
them when they were prepared to leave the State. When the 
brethren went to get their anus Father James Allred saw my 
sword, which Lyman Wight had laid down, and took it and left 
his own, and afterwards gave it to me and I still have it, and I 
prize it because the Prophet Joseph carried it in Zion's Camp. 
But the knife I never obtained. 

The first day of May, 1834, was appointed for the Camp of 
Zion to start from Kirtland to go up to Missouri for the re- 
demption of their brethren. Only a small portion of the camp 
was ready. The Prophet told those who were ready to go to 
New Portage and wait for the remainder. I left in company 
with about twenty men with the baggage wagons. At night 
we pitched our tents. I went to the top of a hill and looked 
down upon the camp of Israel. I knelt upon the ground and 
•prayed. I rejoiced and praised the Lord that I had lived to 
see some of the tents of Israel pitched, aud a company gathered 
by the commandment of God to go up and help redeem Zion. 

We tarried at New Portage until the Oth, when we were 
joined by the Prophet and eighty-five more men. The day 
bi fore they arrived, while passing through the village of Mid- 
dlebury. the people tried to count them; but the Lord multiplied 
tli in in the ey< • of the people, so that those who numbered 
tip mi said there were four hundred of them. 

On the 7th. Brother Joseph organized the camp, which con- 
sisted of about one hundred and thirty men. On the following 
day we continued our journey. We pitched our tents at night 
and had prayers night and morning, The Prophet told us 
every day what we should do. We were nearly all young men, 
gathered from all parts of the country and Btrangers to each 

Other; but we L'ot acquainted very soon, and had a happy time 
togi 'her. It was a great school to us to be led by a Prophet of 
God a thousand miles through cities, towns, villages, and 
through the wilderness. \\ hen persons stood by to count us 
they could not tell how many we numbered; some said five 
hundred, others one thousand. .Many were astonished as we 
passed through their towns. One old lady ran ou< of doors, 
pushed her spectacles to the top nl' her head, raised her hands, 
and exclaimed: "What under heavens has broken loose." She 
stood in that position the last 1 saw of her, 



The history published of Zion's Camp gives an account of the 
bones of a man which we dug out of a mound. His name was 
Zelph. The Lord showed the Prophet the history of the man 
in a vision. The arrow, by which he was killed, was found 
among his bones. One of bis thigh bones was broken by a 
stone slung in battle. That bone was put into my wagon, and 
I carried it to Clay county, Missouri, and buried it in the 
earth. 

The Lord delivered Israel in the days of Moses by dividing 
the Red Sea, so they went over dry shod. When their enemies 
tried to do the same, the water closed upon them and they were 
drowned. The Lord delivered Zion's Camp from their enemies 
on the 19th of June, 1834, by piling up the waters in Fishing 
River forty feet in one night, so our enemies could not cross: 
also sent a great hail storm which broke them up and sent them 
seeking for shelter. W. W. 






i<r> 






For the Juvenile Instructor, 
SUCCESSFUL PREACHING OF NEPHI AND LEHI. 



AFTER Nephi and Lehi had been through all the cities of 
the Nephites, preaching the word of God to the people, 
they concluded to go and preach among the Lamanites, hoping 
they would meet with the same success that Alma and Amnion 
and his brethren had before. They therefore went among the 
Lamanites who inhabited that portion of the land of Zarahemla 
which they iiad taken from the Nephites. Nephi and Lehi 
were so greatly blessed in their ministry among the people that 
they baptized eight thousand of them. They then went down 
to the land of Nephi, the first home of the Nephites, which 
they left by the Lord's command to go to the land of Zara- 
hemla. But the Lamanites there took them and put them into 
the same prison in which Amnion and his brethren had been 
confined by King Limhi. After they had been in this prison 
many days without food, the wicked Lamanites came to take 
them out to kill them. But we see that God can preserve those 
who put their trust in him even in the midst of their enemies, 
for He encircled Nephi and Lehi with fire so that their enemies 
dare not touch them, but the fire did not burn these two good 
men. They then stood forth boldly to preach to the Lamanites, 
telling them that it was God who had done this wonderful 
thing to show them His power and preserve his servants. The 
earth, just then, shook exceedingly as if by an earthquake, and 
the prison walls shook, and the Lamanites and apostate Nephites 
who were in the prison were overshadowed with a cloud of 
darkness and an awful, solemn fear came upon them. And 
there came a voice, as if from above this cloud of darkness, 
almost like a whisper, of perfect mildness, and yet it pierced to 
the very souls of all who heard it, saying, — Repent ye, repent 
ye, and seek no more to destroy my servants whom I have sent 
unto you to declare good tidings. And the earth and the 
prison walls shook again exceedingly. 1 his was done three 
times; the last time the voice spoke to them many marvellous 
words which cannot lie uttered by man. Now there was a dis- 
senter from the Nephites in the prison named Aniinadab, who 
looked through the darkness and saw that the faces of Nephi 
and Lehi .-hone as the countenances of angels, and they seemed 
to be conversing with some beings whom they beheld above 
them. And Aminadab cried to the multitude to look aL=o. 



if 



JUVENILE inSTSTRUCTOB, 



And they looked, and said "What do these things mean, and 
with whom do these men converse." And Aminadab replied, 
'They do converse with the angels of God." And the Laman- 
ites said, "What shall we do that this cloud of darkness may 
be removed from overshadowing us? And Aminadab said unto 
them, you mu>t repent, and cry unto the voice even until ye 
shall have faith in Christ, who was taught unto you by Alma, 
and Aiuulek, and Zeczroon; and then it shall be removed from 
overshadowing you. And it came to pass that they all Jul 
begin to cry unto the voice of Him who had shook the earth: 
yea. they did cry even until the cloud of dark cess was dispersed. 
And it came to pass that when they cast their eyes about, and 
saw that the cloud of darkness was dispersed from overshadowing 
them, and behold, they saw that they were encircled about, yea. 
every soul, by a pillar of fire. And Nephi and Lehi were in 
the midst of them; yea, they were encircled about; yea, they 
were as if in the midst of a flaming fire, yet it did harm them 
not. neither did it take hold upon the walls of the prison; and 
they were filled with that joy which is unspeakable and full of 
glory- And behold the Holy Spirit of God did come down 
from heaven, and did enter into their hearts, and they were 
filled as if with fire, and they could speak forth marvellous 
words. And it came to pass that there came a voice unto 
thi.ni yea. a pleasant voice, as if it were a whisper, saying. 
peao . peace be unto you, becau.se of your faith in my well- 
beloved, who was from the foundation of the world. And now 
when they heard this, they cast up their eyes as if to behold 
from whence the voice came; and behold they saw the heavens 
open; and angels came down out of heaven and ministered 
unto them. And there were about three hundred souls who 
saw and heard these things; and they were bid to go forth and 
marvel not, neither should they doubt. And it came to pass 
that they did go forth, and did minister onto the people, de- 
clarinir through the regions round about, all the things which 
they had heard and seen, insomuch thai the more part of the 
Lamanite- were convinced of them, because of the irrcatni SS of 
the evidences which they had received; and as many as were 
convinced laid down their weapons of war. and al.-o their hatred. 
and the tradition of their father-. And il came to p:i-> thai 
they did yield up unto the Ncphite.s the lands of their posses 
6ion." 

This short account of Xephi and Lohi's labors among the 
Lamanites is a very remarkable illustration of the wonderful 
power of the truth over men and women, when it i- taughl to 

them by men who an-, themselves, filled with the Spirit of the 

Lord. Not only Wore the-e two young men the mean-, in the 
Lord's hand-, of converting nearly a whole nation; and bringing 

them back from ignorance, darkness and degradation, to the 
peace and happini of the Gospel; but they accomplished 
what all the armies of the Nephites and their mosl talented 
generals could not do. — namely, induced the Laman 
back to the Nephites the land and home- which the; had 

taken from them. Will the little b irlswh ad this 

remember the power of kindness? ft is so natural to feel 
like fighting those who injure a ■■! teal anything from as 
though we very -'Mom make anything by it, except bit! i 

hi if we would do a- Nephi and l.ehi did. pray for 

those who are unkind to us, and trj to I 1 "" them the loveli 

if the truth b] em toonduotand kind words, many of 

them would be ashamed of I sorry for their naught i 

te our linn friend! 



CORRECTION Mahommed wi born in Mi < ■ not in 
Medio ad in the article entitled Tie Caravan, publish 

ed ill No. '_' of tie pn ent Volume. 

S?2H> — i — 



Hupajiltu. 




JOSEPH SMITH, 

f ir, o f :e: E T . 



TBZIE 




LETTER written the previous fall (1837) 

by Joseph from Kirtland to Far Weetj 
informed the church that Oliver Cow- 
dery, I 'avid Whitmer and others had 

I n in transgression, and that if they 

would not humble themselves ami make 

satisfaction to the church and magnify 
their callings, the church would soon be 
under the necessity of taking action against 
them, lie also warned the church against 
"eeted characters and their teachings and 
IB — that they came not to build up but to 
iy. Subsequent events proved how true 
words of the prophet were! lie saw that 
were on the downward path, and that 
in.' short of a complete repentance and turn- 
ing from their sins could save them. Though Oliver 
Cowdery and David Whitmer were two of the chosen 
witnesses of the Hook of Mormon, and angels had 
ministered unto them, and even laid their bauds upon 
Oliver at the same lime that they did upon Joseph to give the 

priesthood, still they could noi practice wickedness and remain 
in tin- church. Instead of having more liberty to commit -in. 
because they had seen angels and had been greatly favored of 

the Lord, they had le--. They were required to he faithful to 
God because they had-rceeived these hle-singa Bui the spirit 
of apo.-laey had taken hold of many of the leading men of the 

church. They had committed sin. and God had withdrawn 

Hi- spirit from them; and they were left to themselves. 

In many instances the apostates were filled with hatred 
agains! the faithful servants of the Lord, their former brethren, 

and they would have -lied their blood if they had had the 

power. This was particularly the ease in and around Kirtland. 
On the morning of December 22nd, 1837, Brother Brigham 

Yoiiiil' had to have Kirlland for Missouri to e-. ape the furj of 

the mob. Apostates had threatened to destroy him because he 
would proclaim, publicly and privately, that he knew by the 
power of the Holy Ghost thai Joseph was a prophet of the 
Mosl High God and thai he had not tran I and fallen 

i- the apostates said thai he had. A.I the close of thai yean 

and a i ihe beginning of 1888, the spirit of apostate I 

continued to rage and gnm hotter and hotter in Kirtland. 
On the evening of the 12th of January, 1838, Joseph, 
■ ■: anied by Sidney Rij Ion, wa compelled to leave Kirtland 
on h" escape mob violence. Thi ir em mil - intended 

omplish their put pose I • oul li al i 

them. I 1 " they traveled ixl miles, and tie n 

waited for their families. Th iy i""k their Journej to x l 
traveling all the way in covered wagon Their onemiot I 
ed them for two hundred mil. to trj and take them. Thej 
oiiied and they would have killed Joseph if they could 
have caught him. Bnl God preserved him he had not Bui hed 
hi- work. I'V quontrj those wicked men «■ re near him and his 
companions. Twioetln ywere in tho house whoro they stopped; 

and "i they remained all night in the amol n, onlj 

rated fi them by ■ partition. Joseph end those who were 

with him could hear thou out ing and l) aths and throat 

They told what they Would do it lie J OOllH OBtofa lle'in. bite 



*&m 




JUYEITILE IHSTBTJCTOB. 



that same evening tliey came into Joseph's room and examined 
him and Sidney Bigdon; but they decided they were not the 
men. At other times they passed them in the streets and 
they looked at them; but they did not know them. On the 
14th of March, 1838, Joseph and his family and companions 
reached Far West, Brother Brigham Young came in with him, 
he having traveled the latter part of the journey, in his 
company. 

The arrival of Joseph in Far West was timely. Affairs were 
in a bad state there. The president and the two assistant presi- 
dents over the church in Missouri, who were objected to at the 
general assembly held at Far West, November 7th, 1837, at 
which Joseph was present, had only retained their standing at 
that time by confessing their wrongs and making satisfaction. 
They had again commenced the practice of evil, and they had 
been rejected by the church in Missouri; and afterwards the two 
assistant presidents were cut off from the church and turned 
over to the buffetings of Satan. Thomas B. Marsh and David 
W. Patten, two of the Twelve Apostles, were voted for as pre- 
sidents of the church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in 
Missouri in their stead, for the time being, until Joseph and his 
counselor Sidney Bigdon should reach there. These things had 
taken place while Joseph was on his journey from Kirtland to 
Far West. Under such circumstances you may be sure that the 
eldeis and saints in Caldwell county were very glad to see 
Joseph. An escort met him about one hundred and twenty 
miles from Far West, and he was welcomed with much joy and 
with open arms. 

Joseph had only been in Far West about three weeks when a 
conference was held (April Oth). At that conference Thomas 
B. Marsh was appointed president of the church in Zion, for 
the time being, aud Brothers David W. Patten and Brigham 
Young were appointed assistant presidents. The next day 
David W. Patten, in his remarks about the Twelve Apostles, 
said that he could not recommend W. E. McLellin, Luke John- 
son, Lyman E. Johnson and John F. Boynton, and that he 
also thought William Smith's standing doubtful; the other 
brethren he could sustain as worthy of confidence. A few days 
afterwards, Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer, Luke and Lyman 
E. Johnson, John F. Boynton and William E. McLellin were 
cut off from the church. These men had been in transgression 
for some time, and though they retained a nominal standing in 
the church, they were as dead branches; the Holy Spirit had no 
place in them; it could not dwell in unholy temples. They had 
been the early companions of Joseph; but they had chosen a 
different path from that in which he traveled, aud henceforth, 
while he lived, their paths were different They became aliens 
tn the work of God, and of course, there was no longer anything 
in common between him and them. 

Shortly after these events, Joseph, accompanied by a number 
of the brethren, left Far West to visit Davies county. His 
objeot was to lay off stakes of Zion, make locations and lay 
claims to facilitate the gathering of the saints. A place was 
selected for a city, on the north side of (J rand river, about 
twenty-five miles from Far West. , This place was beautifully 
situated on an elevated spot of ground, which overlooked Grand 
river and the country round about. The brethren called the 
place Spring Hill; but, by the mouth of the Lord, it was named 
Aiiam-ondi-Ahmam, because, said He, it is the place .where 
Adam shall come to visit his people, or the Ancient of Days 
shall sit, as spoken of by Daniel, the prophet. This place was 
afterwards organised as a Stake of Zion, and Brother John 
Smith, the prophet Joseph's uncle, and the father of Brother 
George A. Smith, was appointed president of the Stake, with 
Brothers Beynolds Cahoon and Lyman Wight as counselors. 




8SL, Never be afraid to do right. 



$tecfe& pa*Jrg. 




THE SZtsTOW STOBM. 



The white snow is coming, hurrah, boys! 

The keen air is full of flakes; 
Don't you hear its light touch at the window? 

What a musical rustling it makes! 

The brown hills are half covered over, 

Already the hollows are filled; 
And the slopes will be ready for coasting 

As soon as the tempest is stilled. 

Do you see the snow-birds in the garden? 

They swing on the dry autumn weeds, 
Never minding the cold wintry weather, 

But carelessly pecking the seeds. 

The north wind that rumples their feathers 
The charm of contentment must bring; 

They're the merriest set of wee fellows, 
Though only three notes can they sing. 

The snow-storm will spoil all the skating, 

But that is a mercy, you know, 
For the little short boys who were learning 

Are safer by far on the snow. 

Hurrah, boys! Get up in the morning! 

Dress warm for the air will be chill; 
Bring out the gay sled from its shelter, 

And away to the sport on the hill! 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 
C ZHI^. tt^JD IE. 



BY J. D. STARK. 



I am composed of 16 letters: 

My 15, 12, 3, 11, comes from the clouds. 
My 4, 12, 13, is a small domestic animal. 
Sly 6, 14, 11, is one of the heavenly bodies. 
My 11, 16, 1, 5, 8, is a very long time. 
My 10, 9, 6, 6, is a plant. 
My 7, 2, 5, is an enemy. 

My whole is the title of some good pieces written for the 
Juvenile. 



$3?" The following have correctly answered the charade in 
No. 2. The answer is: Whiskey Street — Elizabeth A. 
Bean; W. J. Lewis; J. C. Callister; Lehi Tingey; A. A. Ca- 
hoon; Charles and Alma Peterson; G. S. Lincoln, Julia A. 
Fitzgerald, Delilah E. Allen, Mary E. Shipley. 



Cnj^ZEZLSTIILIE inSTSTZRAJOTOIR, 

Is published in Ureal Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER 



Single Copy, per Annum S3 00 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

«5» It is expected where agents forward names they will be responsible 
for the papers thus ordered; and when Cash payments arc made, tliey 
will please forward them with the letter containing the names of the 
subscribers, 

99- Elder Wm, II. Sliearnum, Logan, ■will act as General Agent for 
Cache Valley. 

Jtg- Grain brought to this City for the Juvenile Instructob will be 
received at the ojjlee of our paper— 1>eseket Hews Bi t ii.dikgs. 




