f 



tilxMS^ U t\t ^ax)il 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1870. 



NO. 16. 



OTJK. 3v^E2srJLC3-EI?.IE. 



ONCE again we visit our menagerie, hoping that our 
trip to day will be as pleasant as on former occasions. 

Stay, here is a pretty bird. Bright yellow, red and black 
adoru its tiny body. It is a European by birth, and a 
Yellow Hammer by name. Its food is grain, seeds and 
insects, its bight about seven inches. And as knowing 
looking a little cherub as you could wish to see. 

So, so. Our menagerie is adorned with a picture of a 
bear hunt. Quite a grand affair. We gave you a short 
account of the bear in our last visit, and this is the way 
he is sometimes killed. On the wholesale principle you 
may perhaps think. Come, if you have looked enough 
at the picture we will go to the next. 

A Vulture: it has to be confined in a strong cage for it is 
very strong and very fierce. You can see how strong are 
his wings and talons, how piercing his eye. He would 
not be a very pleasant creature for a boy or girl to meet 
alone, without anything for protection. 

Ah! here is a wolf, all alone devouring his prey ; yes, 
and another worrying a sheep, putting us in mind of the 
fable of the Shepherd Boy and the Avolf. But now for a 
sketch of the life of a wolf. In form it is very like a dog, 
but in disposition totally difTerent. This they seem to 
know for they have a very strong dislike to each oflier. 

A young dog shudders at the sight of a wolf. A dog 
that is stronger and knows his strength, bristles up at the 
sight, attacks him with courage, and strives to put him to 
flight. 

The wolf is a very unsociable animal and a great coward. 
Even when they are seen together in packs, it is not a 
peaceful society, but a "ring", to plunder. The instant 
their expedition is completed they part and each one 
returns to his solitary den. 

The old I'rophets often referred in their prophecies to the 
wolf, and always as a violent, cruel and bloody animal. Ezo- 
kiel speaking of fallen Israel says, "Her princes "are like 
ravening wolves;" Jacob prophecied that "Benjamin shall 
raven as a wolf." Habakkuk says of the Chaldees "Their 
horses arc fiercer than evening wolves." Zephaniah, talk- 
ing of the corrupt rulers of Israel, exclaims, "Her princes 
are lions, her .judges, evening wolves." In the Kew 
Testament, unfaithful saints and persecutors of the Church 
are said to be "as grevious as wolves," whilst false teach- 
ers are styled "wolves in sheeps' clothing." 

Now for one or two anecdotes of these savage creatures, 
The first one is very terrible; it took place in Russia. A 
woman there was one day riding with her three children 
in a sledge, when a pack of wolves came upon them. SUo 






urged her horse to a gallop, and drove towards home with 
the utmost speed. She was not far from it, but the ani- 
mals gained rapidly on her, and were on the point of 
rushing on to the sledge, when the poor frantic creature, 
to save her life and that of her other two children, cast 
one of the little ones to her bloodthirsty pursuers. But it 
was useless. The creatures stopped for a moment, devour- 
ed the poor child and again tore after the family. The 
mother not knowing what to do threw a second child to 
the ferocious beasts. The same results followed as before 
and in desperation or madness the woman sacrificed her 
last child to save her own life. Soon after the wretched 
mother reached home in safety. When she told the hor- 
rible tale of how she had parted with her three children 
to the famishing beasts, a peasant who stood by, took up 
an axe and with a blow cleft her scull in two ; saying "a 
mother who would thus sacrifice her children for the pre- 
servation of her own life, was no longer fit to live." The 
man was committed to prison, but the emperor afterwards 
pardoned him. 

Sometimes wolves have been tamed. In the summer 
of 1824 a carriage was occasionally seen in the streets of 
Munich, the capital of Bavaria, drawn by two enormous 
wolves. These had been caught by a Russian Merchant, 
when very young, in a wood near Wilna, and he had 
tamed them. They were very obedient, and had lost the 
ferocious aspect of the species. 

There was a tame wolf in the Paris Menagerie as docile 
and sagacious as a dog, and very affectionate towards his 
master. After being in the menagerie about eighteen 
months the gentlcmeu who had brought him up went to 
see him. The wolf heard his voice among the crowd in 
the garden near the den, and being set at liberty mani- 
fested the most viole?.t joy. Again his master left and his 
grief wa-s extreme. After three years absence the master 
once more returned. It was evening and the den was 
shut up; yet the instant the man's voice was heard the 
faithful creature set up the most anxious cries. The door 
of the cage being opened, he rushed toward his friend, 
leaped on his shoulders, licked his face, and threatened (o 
bite his keepers when they attempted to separate thom. 
When the gentlemen left, he fell sick, and would not eat. 
When he recovered, he would form no new friendships 
and it was always dangerous for a stranger to go near 
him. 

Next are two intorcstiug little creatures, whom we des- 
cribed to you but a short time ago in the cohnnns of the 
JuvENiijE Instructok, SO wc need not do so aguiii. We 






^1 iss 



J" u "V" E isr I ilj E insrsTi^TJOTOK. 



will however tell you their name, that you may be ablp to 
refer to the page where the description is to be found. 
They are called the Agouti; 

Here is a pot Tortoise. A creature who carries his 
house on his baelv, a warrior who never lays his armour 
aside, but when undisturbed is a very slow, quiet, inotfen- 
sive aiuimal. It is a very long lived animal and very 
difllcult to kill. Its motions are very slow aud awkward, 
and its feelings far from acute. These creatures for the 
most i)art inhabit the warmer regions of the earth ; they 
feed upon vegetable substances, they require but liltle food, 
and can even remain for months without taking any. lu 
colder climates they pass the winter in a torpid state. 
Some of these creatures are said to have lived for two 
hundred years. 

And last, here is a pretty little bird. We call it the 
Reed Warbler. A pleasant little songster, who enlivens 
the English and Dutch, in their far ott'liomes in England 
and Holland. It frecjuents fens and marsliy places and 
there in the abundance of rushes, builds its nest, which is 
composed of stalks of grass, moss and fibres, lined with 
fine grass. The eggs are, in color, a dirty blueish white, 
with many dark colored spots and veius. There is a hardy 
bird of this species which inhabits the Highlands of Scot- 
land, and the still colder mountains of Spitzbergen, Lap- 
land, Greenland and the Hudson Bay territory. It weighs 
but an ounce and a half, and is called the Snow-Bunting. 
Its nest is placed in the fissures of a mountain rock, and 
is composed of grass, with a layer of feathers inside, and 
yet another of the soft fur of tlie Arctic Fox. 

Our visit is again ended, and we wish tlie little visitors 
to our Menagerie a ple:i.sant good bye. 

G. K. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



TIIT--ST J^ISriSr U JVE. 



rpiIIS metal is much used to cover iron. Thin sheets of 
■*- iron aretliorouglily cleansed and then dipped in molten 
tin which ailheres to the surface on both sides; those sheets 
are called "tin." Tin is itself a very brilliant metal, some- 
what resembling silver, it is not readily oxidized, or made 
rusty ; for this reason it is very valualde to cover culinary 
vessels. Some kinds of tin, so called, are inferior to 
others in value; this arises I'rom the tin used for coaling 
the iron being impure. A very tine metal is used for 
making "tin-foil" for silvering looking ghisses, ami for 
other purposes in tlie arts. 

Tin is not an abundant element; for which reason it 
commands high prices; is is found in Cornwall, Great 
Britain, wliere it hits l>ecn worked for ages. It was known 
to the ancient.s wlio traded with the western i)arts of Eng- 
land for this article. It is made from Stannic oxide, a 
mineral that takes the name of "tin-stone" ; one variety 
is called "wood-tin" on accounts of its resemblance to 
wood. It is also known as "stream tin" when found in 
small grains, or pebbles, which are fragments of tin-stone, 
rounded by the action of water in rolling. 

Tin will become an object of much importance to us 
when wo begin to develop iron consiib^ably. There are 
other uses also besides covering iron, it is used for making 
plumbers solder, pewter, bronze and bell-metal. It is used 
also to make very brilliant scarlet dyes. It is thought 



that the imperial purples so famous in the days of Tyre 
and other ancient cities, may have been jiroduced by tin 
and gold solutions. If tills is true they were acquainted 
with chemistry ; or, they may have known other methods, 
of producing dyes the secret of which is lost. 

A great deal could be said on this subject that would be 
instructive. There a»e modes of doing things that are the 
result of long continued experience. For many ages it 
has been the practice of goldsmiths to "pickle" articles of 
gold manufactured by them "to improve the color." Per- 
haps even now, with all the increased knowledge im- 
parted by modern science, there are many who do not 
know the reason wliy gold is increased in beauty and 
color by "pickling." 

It is entirely in consequence of chemical action, to ex- 
plain whicli, first of all, the nature of an "alloy" may be 
explained. When two or more metals are melted 
together so as to combine and produce a homogeneous 
metal, it is called an "alloy". Thus there is "fine gold" 
which is aa alloy of gold and copper, of all sorts of pro- 
portions, 22, 18, 12 carats &c., Now the jeweler, as the 
goldsmith is often called, wishes to make the 12 carats or 
even G carats, or less, look equal to the higher standard. 
To do this lie puts the article to be improved in appear- 
ance into an acid that wUl not dissolcc gold, but that will 
act upon the base metal in the alloy. Thus, a dilute solu- 
tion of sulphuric acid will dissolve copper but will not act 
upon gold. The consequence is that on the surface pure 
gold is seen ; and, although the alloy is eaten out like a 
honey comb the pores of the metal are too small to be seen. 
But, to produce tlie smooth surface necessary to deceive, 
the article is burnished over, with a proper tool, called a 
"burnisher." It is tlien finished oIT by the polisher and 
sent to market as "flue gold." This is the reason 
many "fine gold," rings lose their color when worn a 
little while ; althougli, now a days alloys are prepared on 
truly scientific principles, that contain no gold at all! 

Well, tin itself is not always pure, sometimes by design, 
and, less fre(piently Ijy acci<lent. It may contain copper, 
iron, or other impurities. Tills is the reason our tin ves- 
sels are often defective, anil wear out so soon. Besides 
this the surface is frequently carelessly scratched, the iron 
is exposed to the atmosphere under circumstances, tliat 
are exceedingly unfavorable. For instance the vessel is 
freqiTently left in a wet condition. Inimediatel.y tlie ex- 
posed iron begins to rust (o.xidize) and continues to do .so 
with the inevitable result— a hole. Or, perhaps the tin 
vessel has a coi)per bottom "to make it wear well." This 
is no advantage and may bo a disadvantage, for, if care- 
lessly used, aud tlie tin is worn away, decomposition 
talces place more rapidly and eftectually by reason of the 
opposite states of tlie electricity of the two metals iron and 
copper: somelliing more will be said u[)on this suljject 
wlicn electricity and galvanism engage our attention, 
especially to our young sisters, on this tin (piestion. 
Culiuiiry vessels not tlioroughly cleansed, and dried before 
putting asvay do not last a fourth part of the time tiiey 
would do. \Vitli ciru, a well tinned vessel will last many 
years. S)mo m ly scircely credit this; suppose wo all 
begin to try the expui-iment, we shall be surprLsod at the 

results! 

Birrii. 

Tin: iliiver of a coal-cart anxiously eni|uired at several 
places for " tlie residence of Mr. James Nasiuni," after lie 
had been directed to take a load of coal to the gymnasium. 

"Bkaiitv," says a French writer, "Is all the virtue of 
some people, and virtue is all the beauty of others." 



■Ie*^^< 



54^^- 



6gr 



I 



O-TJ'VEITILE IIsrSTI^/TJCTOI^, 



1S3 



jycissionsr^KyY sicetoubs. 



rilllE adversary was not idle at Keanae. Wo bad been 
1 very successful in baptizing tlie people. The Spirit had 
been poured out, and much good had been accomplished; 
but, no sooner had we gone to Lahaiua, to meet the newly 
arrived Elders, than the enemy began his operations. 
After spending a few days in Lahaina, I returned to Kula 
and remained a short time there, I felt impressed to go 
from there to Keanae. Some of the native brethren 
wished me to stop till the end of the week, and they would 
accompany me; but I could not .stop, I felt that I was 
needed for some cause at Keanae. My impressions were 
correct. The people of Keanae were in great trouble. 
They had been assailed by enemies from every side, and 
those who were weak in the faith were in perplexity. 
Some had turned away, not being able to withstand the 
pressure. The Presbyterian missionary of that district 
had been there, and had done all in his power to blacken 
our characters, to deride our doctrines and to persuade the 
jieople to forsake the church. Two Frenchmen, Catholic 
priests, had also been there, and they had done all in their 
power to frighten the people from the truth. Another 
Presbyterian missionary had sent one of his native preach- 
ers (Jiere for the same purpose. It seemed as if the devil 
had set all his agencies into operation to destroy the work 
of God, and they told all the lies that could be brought to 
bear against us. The French priest had said that wo 
ought to be driven out of the place and oft" the Island, and 
had circulated many false reports about us. The Presby- 
terian missionary had visited the houses of the people, 
and had brought all his influence to bear upon them. 
Brother Keeler had been there a part of the time; but bis 
want of the language troubled him greatly, as he had not 
acquired it sufficiently at the time to enable him to coun- 
teract these lies or to make full explanations concerning 
them. I learned that many of the Saints were doubting, 
and they had been praying to the Lord for me to return. 
This was the cause of my anxiety to get back. The Lord 
hears the prayers of those who pray to Him in faith, and 
hundreds of instances like this have occurred within my 
knowledge. 

It is frequently the case that when Elders have been 
successful in baptizing the people, the devil exerts him- 
self with increased power and cunning among them to 
destroy them. There are but few who have joined the 
church who have escaped temptations of this character; 
and no man knows the power of the devil as those do who 
have embraced the truth. It seems that those who are 
ignorant of the gospel and the power of God, never expe- 
rience the opposite power like those do, who have been 
blessed of the Lord. Still they should not yield to his 
temptations, nor be entrapped by his snares. 

The people who had been baptized at Keanae had known 
but little about the two influences of which we speak; but 
no sooner had they joined the church, than they were 
assailed and tempted in a way that they never had been 
previously. As a consequence of this, some fell away 
from the truth; but others became stronger in the faith, 
so long as I remained on the Island. 

We had manj' excellent times at Keanae. While I was 
there, at the time of which I write, I went with the na- 
tives, men and women, to a creek about two miles distant, 
where fish were very plentiful. It was so curious that I 
think it may interest the readers of the Juvknile In- 
structor to read a description of it. The flshors gath- 
ered a quantity of plants, a shrub which is called by them 
auhtihu, and made two piles of them in the bed of the 
creek. The men and women surrounded these piles, each of 
them having a stick about Ave or six feet long. At a given 



signal from one of the party, they commenced thrashing 
the brush. They were very dextrous in the use of this 
flail, turning the piles over and over and pounding them 
well, and never hitting each other. The pounding of the 
brush had the efTect to stain the water all around, and to 
kill the flsh, which soon floated on the surface in great 
numbers. Fish so caught are excellent eating. This 
shrub, though it kills the flsh, is not injurious to man. It 
was one of the liveliest sights that I had ever seen, and 
was very picturesque. The women were adorned with 
garlands of green leaves, and had flowers entwined in their 
hair and around their bodies. Many of the men were 
stripped to the waist and also had garlands entwined 
around them. The swimming and diving of some of the 
women, surprised me; they appeared to be almost am- 
phibious. 

( To be continued. ) 



THE YOTJira- XjJLIdies' 

OOLTJIvIIIT. 



Rcxolntions of the lith Ward Young Ladies^ Department, 
of the Ladies' Co-operative Bctrcnehmcnt Association, 
Organized Juno 4, 1S70. 

Resolved: That, we, as members of the Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints, having great responsibilities 
resting upon us, and feeling grateful for the privileges we 
enjoy, as wives and daughters of Elders in Israel, do 
mutually agree to sustain each other in all good works. 

Resolved: That, realizing the magnitude of the work in 
which we are engaged, and the importance of the position 
we occupy as daughters in Zion, we do consider it unbe- 
coming in us, to pattern after the pride, folly and vanity 
of the world ; and feeling that we have worshiped at the 
shrine of fashion too long, do solemnly pledge ourselves 
to retrench in our dress, and to wear only that which is 
becoming to women professing to be Saints. 

Jiesolvcd: That, as Saints, being accountable to God for 
the use we make of the abilities and intelligence He has 
given us, we are determined to devote our time and 
talents in governing ourselves, storing our minds with 
useful knowledge, and improving every opportunity 
afforded us of qualifying ourselves to fill useful and honor- 
able positions in the Kingdom of God. 

Resolved: That, as President Young has repeatedly 
counseled us to let our garments be plain, and ^o cease 
following after the fashions of the world, we will co-oper- 
ate together, both by precept and example, in carrying 
out his counsel, and doing everything required of us, that 
we may gain the approbation of our Heavenly Father, 
and the confldence of all good Saints. 

Miss Julia M. Horne, President, 

Miss Jennie Seam AiN, 

Miss Harriet A. Taylor 

Miss Sophia E. Taylor, 

Miss Annie M. Taylor, 

Mrs. Bulaii Beatie, 

Miss Georgianna Fox, 

Miss Isabella, Pratt, Secretary. 



Counselors. 



"Mamma," said a child one Sunday evening, after 
having sat still in the house all day, like a good child, 
"have I honored you to-day?" "I don't know," replied 
the mother; "why do you ask?" "Because," said the 
little one, shaking her head sadly, "the Bible says, 
'Honor thy father and mother, that thy days may be 
long;' and this has been, oh, the longest day I ever saw." 



'^^ 



JV 
124: 



CTTJ^EITILE IISrSTIS/TJOTOIS;. 



■^^^^ 






1 

CEORCE Q. CANNON 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1870. 

eidito:e?.ij^^i_i th:oxjc3-h:ts- 




T the present writing a deadly war is rag- 
"^ ing between France and Prussia, and 
thousands upon thousands of men are 
being killed and wounded and crippled 
for life. How dreadful must be the 
scenes in the xmhappy land where the 
battles are being fought! It is not only 
?^ the soldiers who suffer, but the poor peo- 
ple who live in the country through which 
they pass endure shocking hardships. 
Their horses, cattle, i'owls, grain and other pro- 
pertj' are frequently taken for the use of the 
armies, but this is not the worst ; their houses, 
barns and buUdings are often destroyed, and 
sometimes entire towns and villages are burned 
and the whole face of the land made a .scene of hor- 
rible desolation. It fills one with sadness to think of 
these things, or to read the descriptions of them ; but 
how much worse must it be to witness and be in the 
midst of themi No tongue can tell or pen describe 
the sufferings of the men, women and children who live in 
countries where such a war rages as is now being fought bet- 
ween France and Prussia. The young men of the two coun- 
tries — the flower of the nations — are compelled to go into the 
armies and be soldiers and fight. They cannot refuse. The 
law is such in those countries that every able-bodied man must 
ser\-e some time in the army, and when war breaks out all are 
liable to be called to fight. They may know nothing about the 
objects for which the war is fought, but this makes no differ- 
ence. Their kings or their governments decide upon war, and 
the people must fight. What dreadful tyranny and cruelty to 
make men fight with and kill their fellow-men to please a kingi 
Frenchmen fighting with and killing Prussians, and Prussians 
fighting with and killing Frenchmen, and yet it is not their 
own quarrel ; they do not know one another, and never had 
any difllculty of their own ; nevertheless they must try and cut 
each others throats at the command of men who ought to be 
as fathers to them, but who are cruel tj-rants! 

When one army succeeds in cutting up and destroying ano- 
ther it is called a glorious victory. Thousands of young men 
lie in their blood, either silent in death, or groaning in anguLsh, 
because of their wounds. Each death, eaith wound, sends 
tears, mi.serj' and often life-long woe to some family ani hou.se. 
And all this because some king wants to obtain a great name, 
to be called a conqueror and to have the world tiilk about him! 
And yet they call themselves UhrUliui^, and say they are the 
followers of Christ, the Lord. How do you think they will feel 
when thi^y .stand before him to be judged of the deeds done in 
the body? The sins of which they have been guilty; the blood 
they have bt'cn the means of shedding and the sorrow ami 
misery they have caused, will weigh them down, and tliey will 
shrink with terror from His presence. 

We read the story not long since of an old general, Jjeopold, 
T'rince of Anhatt, in tiermaiiy, who hail been a .soldier nearly 
all his life. He fought at the command of his king and not on 
his own account. He was a fierce old warrior ; but he never 



went into battle without imploring God's aid. On one occa- 
sion, towards the end of his life, he was in a place of great 
peril. The enemy was strongly fortified and in great numbers. 
It is said that before the battle commenced, he uncovered his 
head, and in the presence of the troops offered the following 
prayer: "Oh my God, help me yet this once. Let me not be 
di.sgraced in my old days. But if Thou wilt not help me, don't 
help those scoundrels, but leave us to try it out ourselves." 

The other side also prayed probably to God to give them the 
victory, and thus the strange proceeding occurred of two 
armies about to fight each other, and both praying to the same 
God for victory and to help them whip the other! Is not such 
conduct ridiculou.s? 

The Latter-day Saints have had the promise from the Lord 
that if they will be led by Him, they shall have peace. In the 
midst of His people there shall be no wars and contentions, 
and men who will not take their swords to fight against their 
neighbors will yet have to flee to Zion for safety. How thank- 
ful the children of Zion should be for the privileges they have. 

TT has been stated, that the rest of the world learned the use 
■*■ of tobacco from America. In 1492 Columbus, it is said, 
found the chiefs of Cuba smoking cigars ; and Cortes, the 
Spaniard, and conquerer of Mexico, met with tobacco sifter- 
wards in that land. From America it was taken to Spain by 
the Spaniards, and about the year 158G, it was carried to Eng- 
land by Sir Francis Drake, and the colonists from A'^irgiuia of 
Sir Walter Raleigh. But amongst the Chinese and other 
Asiatic nations, the use of tobacco is said to be very ancient 
and many writers argue that it was known to them long before 
the discovery of America. The tobacco plant of Eastern Asia 
is quite different from the American species. 

But why, you ask, write about tobacco for the Juvenile 
Instructor? AVe wish our readers to know something about 
this plant and its wide-spread use. All nations nearly, where 
tobacco has been carried, have become smokers or chewers of 
tobacco, or have taken it in the form of snuff. Probably no article, 
excepting salt, is more extensively used by man. In the United 
States it is consumed in enormous quantities. In the States it 
is very rarely that you meet a man, or even a boy of any size, 
who does not use tobacco. Many attempts have been made at 
one time and another to check its use. King James of Eng- 
land, soon after it was brought to his country, opposed and 
wrote against it, and did all in his power to check its use. One 
of the Popes of Rome forbade it among Catholics. In Russia 
the man who first used it was punished for the first offense ; 
and for the second was killed. The Sultans of Turkey and 
Persia used their influence against it. All these efforts were in 
vain. King James could not stop its use in England. The 
Pope coidd not prevent the Catholics from smoking and 
chewing. Severe laws in Russia had not the desired eft'ect ; 
and in Turkey and I'ersia the people have become the great- 
est smokers in the world. 

The Lord has told us in the Word of Wisdom that 
"Tobacco is not for the body, neitber for ttie belly, and Is 
not good for man ; but Is an herb for bruises and sick cattle, 
to bo used with Judgment and skill." 

You would think that after the Lord has spoken so plainly 
about this, that no Latter-day Saint would ever chew, smoke 
or snuff it. But what do we see? Men who call themselves 
Saints using it freely. If you were to throw any doubts upon 
their faith in (Jod, and in His holy religion, they would be 
offended; yet they use tobacco as though God had never 
spoken respecting it. This shows, very clearly how strong the 
habit of using tobacco is, when once formed ; lor if it were not 
so, the men who now use tobacco among the J^atter-day Saints 
would immediately throw it aside. It is a dreadful habit for 






CrTJ"VElvriLE HSrSTK^TJOTOK/. 



125 



any one to fonu, yet we sometimes see boys making cigarettes 
or getting hold of cigars to smoke them. They want to imi- 
tate many of the Gentiles, and those of the "Mormons" 
who indulge in this habit. How foolish it is for boys 
to do so ; let them attempt to smoke tobacco or to use it in 
any form, and it will not be long before they become slaves to 
it, and they will find it very difficult to do without it. No boy 
who calls himself a Latter-day Saint should ever touch tobacco. 
Crod has said it is not good for man, and very few over use it 
without at first feeling very sick ; it produces vomiting and 
great distress. The writer very well recollects, when quite a 
small boy, having a piece of tobacco given him by one of his 
schoolmates to chew. He had seen men chew it without any 
ill effects that he could perceive, and he supposed that he 
could chew it also. Before he could get out of school he 
vomited violently, and became so sick that he had to be carried 
home. That piece of tobacco came very near killing him. 
This is the effect it nearly always has on a beginner. There is 
a poison in tobacco so strong that a single drop of it is suffi- 
cient to kill a dog ; one drop applied to the tongue of a cat 
brought on convulsions, and in two minutes killed it. This 
science has proved, so that science agrees with the Lord in 
declaring tobacco unfit for man's use to smoke, chew, or snuff'. 
Let us advi.se you, children, never be per.suaded to use it. 



JOHN Randolph was an eminent statesman from Virginia, 
and was, for very many years, a leading member of Con- 
gress. His father died when he was an infant, but his mother 
early taught him to read and impressed on his mind the best 
lessons. He was of a very excitable nature and was subject to 
fits of passion. His body was frail but his temper was violent. 
In his childhood he slept with his widowed mother ; each 
night before retiring to bed he repeated, on his knees before 
her, his praj'ers ; each morning, kneeling in the bed, he put 
up his little hands in prayer in the same manner. Years past 
away, and he grow up to manhood ; he became a sceptic ; that 
is. he denied all religion, did not believe in God, gloried in his 
unbelief and was proud of his ingenuity in proving that there 
was no God. Prayer never crossed his mind but in scorn ; but 
the effect of his mother's early teachings never were forgotten; 
they clung to him through his life, and he acknowledged 
before he died that the lessons which his mother taught him 
were of more value to him than all that he had ever learned 
from his teachers and his associates in the great world. This 
illustrates very forcibly the effect of early training , how care- 
ful parents should be to train their children in the way of 
truth and righteousness, to teach them to pray, to be virtuous, 
to be truthful, to be honest, to fear ttod ; for if these lessons 
are impressed upon them daily in their childhood and youth, 
they are rarely, if ever, forgotten. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE bee-"h:i-v^ei. 



SSSSM! Summm! Buzzz! goes our little bee again. 
Now, look here, little one, where liave you been all 
this while? The printer has been after me three or four 
times for a new story, and I have been waiting for you, 
to see what you have gathered up for our hive. I wonder 
what is the matter with that bee to-day, he looks .so much 
like a sage, and so very learned, as if lie had been in tlie 
temple of Sais and had seen the veiled statue of truth. 
Itself. Let us have it by all means, and hurry up, for we 
are all waiting. 

Just as I thought! Something from the clas.sic times of 
ancient Greece again ; and this time about ;the other one 



' of the two most prominent cities of that celebrated nation 
— of Athens. Here is the story : 

DEMOSTHENES, 

OB 

Perseverance conquer."? alt-. 

For several centuries previous to the period of our story, 
the people of Athens, in Northern Greece, had stood fore- 
most among all nations in learning, jihilosophy, refined 
manners, architecture, painting, poetry and all other fine 
arts ; and esijecially in the art of elocution. And, indeed, 
in the latter so much so, that in their common schools 
great pains were taken with the children, to have them 
trained in pronouncing their language correctly, fluently 
and harmoniously, so that it was said by the other Gre- 
cians, to be like music to hear an Athenian talk. 

There happened to be among them a youth of a very 
ambitious turn of mind, who aspired to become a great 
orator, and who after having for some years devoted him- 
self with great energy to the study of the sciences, sud- 
denly appeared upon the market-place of Athens, where 
the citizens were in the habit of congregating daily to 
listen to their orators and public speakers. Every one 
had the privilege of speaking, who considered himself 
capable of doing so on any subject he thought appropriate. 
Our young friend, Demosthenes by name, by virtue of 
this common privilege got up, as before mentioned, and 
commenced his speech on some subject of his own choos- 
ing. Being naturally rather vain, he had previously 
taken the precaution, to have his intention to speak ex- 
tensively circulated throughout the town, in order to have 
as large a crowd of listeners as possible, and so get his 
name up all at ouce. 

He began. Soon smiles were seen flitting across the 
countenances of the audience, which ere long exploded in 
loud laughter here and there. Demosthenes, in order not 
to be put down by some few envious rivals, as he supposed, 
put on more style and vehemence ; which, however, had 
an effect entirely different from that intended ; for soon 
the people got angry at him, and commenced, amidst 
peals of laughter, to bombard him with rotten eggs, cab- 
bages, apples and other missiles, thus compelling him to 
leave the stand, under the hooting and deri.sive shouting 
of the multitude, in great disgrace. 

Heart-broken and confounded he shut himself up in 
his house, wondering all the time, why his beautiful 
speech, as he certainly took it to be, had been thus depre- 
ciated by the people. In this disconsolate state of mind 
he was found by one of his friends, a play-actor, who suc- 
ceeded in enlightening him about the causes of his orato- 
rial defeat. It turned out, that our friend had in his speak- 
ing, contracted quite a number of habits which were 
very obnoxious to the Athenians, who were very fastidi- 
ous in such matters. They consisted of an unclear and 
mumbling kind of pronouneiation of the vowels, and a 
constant repetition of sounds, syllables, words and even 
sentences , of all of which faults our would be orator him- 
self, seemed to have been entirely unconscious. As soon, 
however, as young Demosthenes, had been convinced by 
his friend of the existence of these things, he did not des- 
pair, as many others would have done, in such a position, 
but resolved to persevere in conquering these drawbacks 
to his fame, The course he pursued, to improve himself, 
was quite original. He shaved oft' all the hair on one 
side of his head, by this means voluntarily compelling 
himself to avoid all society, as such an appearance would 
hav3 exposed him to severe ridicule among the people. 
Ho then rep.iired to a lonesome place at the sea shore, pur- 
posing to continue there his various exercises until his 
hair could grow again. Hero he wrote down many 
speeches, committed them to memory and commenced 



I) 



'^ 



^ 






ar-cr"\rEn^ii-.E iiststi^tjotoi?.. 






reciting them ; but as soou as he made the least repetition, 
if even only of one sound, he started afresh from the 
beginnLn<;, and never txisted food or drink until he had 
got thus through one entire piece. 

As his attention had been called by his friend to the 
ridiculous contortions of face lie was in the habit of mak- 
ing, when speaking, he stood, while reciting, before a 
mirror, and as soon as he observed the least improper 
motion in his face he punished himself at once by a repe- 
tition from the head of his lesson. ]Uit that was not all ; 
he had got also into the habit of .ierking continually his 
right shoulder up and down, when he got warmed up 
with his subject; and in order to get rid of that, he had 
a sword lianging from the ceiling with the sharp point 
just touching his shoulder, so that whenever he jerked, 
down went the sword into his flesh. He submitted to 
this torture, until he had overcome the cause of the inllic- 
tioD. 

Quite interesting was his mode to accustom himself to 
clear and loud speaking. He started, for this purpose, 
from the foot of a hill near the sea shore, where the noise 
of the breaking waves were calculated to drown any man's 
voice, to walk to the top at a vigorous pace, all the time 
reciting his verses. And to make the exercise still more 
difficult he carried a little pebble in his mouth, He had 
a servant walk several paces behind him, and listeu to 
his words ; when the latter did not clearly understand one 
of his words, he was instructed to call out, and his master 
quietly returned to the foot of the hill and recommenced 
his laborious task. These various studies he pursued 
until he had accomplished, to his satisfaction, what he 
liad undergone so many hardships for. 

Half a year after his first and lamentable speech, it 
was given out throughout the city that young Demos- 
thenes was going to hold forth again and crowds of peo- 
ple flocked to the market-place, expecting heaps of fun, 
having provided themselves with big quantities of rotten 
eggs and similar objects, to throw upon the wretchetl 
speaker, who dared to insult the refined Athenians 
through his absurdities. All were ready, and admonish- 
ing one another not to commence throwing too soon, that 
they might have their fun out first, when Demosthenes 
arose before the assembled thousands of his fellow citi- 
zens, who had gathered in the expectation of humbling 
him, that he should be undone for ever. 

His voice rang out clear and beautiful over the wide 
market-place, and the waiting smile on the countenances 
of the people died away. He spoke to his countrymen of 
the indignities they had suftercd from their enemies, and 
the eggs, apples and other missiles commenced dropping 
unnoticed to the ground. He spoke to them of tlie vir- 
tues of their fathere and the glory of their country, which 
threatene<I to pass away, and the tears began to flow down 
the faces of those, who liad a.ssembled in the spirit of the 
utmost frivolity. But when the speaker began to show 
them the course to pursue, to exhort them to show them- 
selves worthy of their country and to appeal to the 
noblest feelings of their souls, that they might arouse and 
make Athens once more what it ought to be among the 
nations of Greece, the multitude could withstand no lon- 
ger. The emotions that had l)een rising gradually ever 
since Demosthenes liad l)een sjjeaking, had attained now 
such a force and higlit, and filled the hearts of the vast 
a.s.semblage to such an extent, that they broke forth like a 
mountain torrent, carrying with it everythint; in iU way. 
One cry and shout arose from the j)eople, whieli resounded 
throughout the wliole city, and a rusli was made to the 
stand of the s|X'aker, whence he was carrierl ujion the 
shoulders of the enthusiiistie crowd in triumph througli 
the city. 



Demosthenes was now the king of hearts among the 
Athenians. By his powerful word he ruled, for years and 
years, that fickle people, rushing them into wars, and 
checking their ardor, when he had concluded upon peace. 
And so groat became his jiower, that even the mighty 
king of Maccdon treated him like a potentate. The fame 
of Demosthenes, as an orator, has scarcely been reached 
by any other man in any country or at any other time. 
Thus did tliis man illustrate to us the truth of the old say- 



"Perseveranee conquers all. 



K. O. M. 



5Bio}ji?ajyl|i, 






THE 




OVERNOR Ford, in a book which ho 
wrote concerning the "Mormons," says, 
that (he intelligence of the assassina- 
tion of Joseph and Hyrum perfectly a-s- 
tounded him ; and he anticipated the 
very worst consequences from that 
deed. He acknowledges, however, that 
he expected that the jail would be 
attacked, but not until the day after it 
was attacked. This admission proves 
very clearly that he knew concerning the 
measures of the mob to assassinate the prison- 
ers. It may be that the mobbers did not tell 
him of their plans ; they may have deceived 
him as to the hour or time when they would 
attack the jail. His own writing conveys this 
idea ; and it may be correct. Rut he knew 
enough of the plan to be very culpable for not 
taking measures to prevent the murders. He 
expressed his belief that the murderers of Joseph and 
Hyrum seized the opportunity to kill them while he was 
absent at Nauvoo, with the idea, that the people of Nau- 
voo, upon hearing of the murder of Joseph and Hyrum, 
would kill him. It may be that this was a part of the 
plan of the mob ; for such scoundrels have no honor, and 
they knew very well that if the Governor should be kill- 
ed at Nauvoo, the whole State would be aroused, and the 
Latter-day Saints would bo murdered or driven from the 
country. The (iovernor declares, in his book, his belief 
that his destruction w;is meditated as well :is that of the 
Mormons, and that the Anti-Mormon party had forfeited 
his confidence and his command of them by their mutiny 
and treachery. He acknowledged in his book that the 
Mormons had been represented to him as a lawles, infatu- 
ated and fanatical people, and he expected that they 
would immediately take arms and wage wir against the 
people of the surrounding country. When he reached 
(^uincy, lie thought himself safe, and issued ordei-s for 
raising a large body of men, to defend him and the peojilo 
against the expected attai^k of the "Mormons;" but, 
though the indignation of the Saints was very great, and 
thousiuids of them would gladly have die.l to avenge the 
cruel murder of those men whom they loved better than 
their own lives, still the counsels which they had received 
from Doctor Uichards and IChler Taylor, restrained them 
and their great grief foun<l vent in Hoods of tears. Strong 
men wept as probably they never did before. All felt that 
they had lost their best friends, and such mourning and 



b^^- 



JTJ'VEnSriXjE] Il^STI^TJOTOI^, 



*^§^' 



1S7 



heart-felt sorrow prevailed as are but rarely witnessed 
among any people. 

The death of Joseph and Hyrum was a dreadful blow 
to the people. They had felt towards Joseph as we 
imagine the disciples of Jesus, when he was upon the 
earth, felt towards him. You recollect that when the 
Savior was crucified two of them said : "We trusted that 
it had been he which should have redeemed Israel." 
They had expected Joseph would live to lead the people 
uutil Ziou should be redeemed. They were fully aware 
of the hatred of the mob, of the blood-thirsty disposition 
which Joseph's enemies had towards him ; but he had 
escaped so many times from their traps that they hoped 
he would escape again as he had in times past. They knew 
his innocence of every charge brought against him, and 
they had confidence that no court could, with the least 
degree of fairness, convict him of any wrong doing. The 
thought of his being killed by his enemies had not enter- 
ed into the minds of the majority of the people, the news 
of his death, therefore, fell upon them with stunning and 
overwhelming effect, and they were almost crashed by 
the dreadful intelligence. Oh, how dark and gloomy was 
that day at Nauvoo. The night after the murder, -and be- 
fore the word had come from Carthage, was one of horror 
to many. Numbers arose from sleepless couches to go 
forth and relate to their neighbor tho singular feelings 
they had through the night. But when they emerged 
from their dwellings aiwl heard the dreadful tidings that 
Joseph and Hyrum had been slain, that John Taylor had 
been desperately wounded and Willard Kichards 
had barely escaped, the cheeks of all were blanched, and 
tho breath suspended, as they listened to the tale of hor- 
ror. It was too horrible to believe that lives of such 
purity had been quenched in blood. The wailings and 
lamentations of the whole people ascended to heaven on 
that day. 

On the day of the murder of the Prophet and Patriarch 
those of the Twelve Apostles who were on missions, as 
well as other elders, had warnings that something dread- 
ful had happened. They felt cast down and a spell of 
horror seemed to rest upon them. Some wept without 
knowing why they sliould do so, except that they were 
filled with unaccountable saduess and gloom. The suc- 
ceeding night was a miserable one to tliem. When tliey 
received tlie news of the death of Joseph and Hyrum the 
cause of tliese feelings was explained, tiiough it was difii- 
calt tlien for several of them to believe that they were 
dead. 

Those of our readers who have read this Biography 
from tlie commencement are acquainted with all the 
details of Joseph's life, so with many incidents of Hyrum's 
life. They have read about Joseph's boyhood, his search 
for the truth, his fixith in going unto God to obtain know- 
ledge of the plan of salvation, liis willingness to embrace 
it when it was revealed to liim, liis courage in maintain- 
ing it when opposed on every hand, though but an inex- 
perienced and unlearned youtli, his patience and fidelity 
in the midst of severe persecutions, his wisdom in spread- 
ing the truth, in gathering tlie pe(>ple, in organizing and 
leading the Church, his unfaltering integrity and con- 
stancy when assailed by snemies of every kind and be- 
trayed by false brethren, his tireless industry, his cheer- 
ful and undismayed spirit, and his life of purity and love. 
His was a life, as they have learned, if tliey have followed 
us in this Biography, which was one continued scene of 
good deeds and great sacrifices. Self-comfort, self-inter- 
est, so far as tlie things of tliis life were concerneil, tlie 
good opinion of the world were all willingly and clieer- 
fully laid aside by him for the cause of God and the wel- 
fare of the people. Every pulsation of his heart beat for 



God, the truth and the salvation of the people. Oh, that 
the children who read this Biograpliy would take his life 
for an example, imitate his faith, his humility, his love 
for God and man, his devotion to the truth, his fearless- 
ness in clinging to and upholding the right, his firmness 
and his perfect obedience in doing the will of God! If 
they will do so, their lives will be great and useful in the 
sight of God and man, and their eternal reward will be 
sure. If they will do so, how ample will be our reward 
for the time we have spent in writing the incidents of 
this great and noble life ! 



i=Bnsrzsr"2" i=ostj^g-e. 



From "Triumphs of Invention and Discoveby. 
Published by T. NeUon & Sonn, London. 



THE growth of the postal system is a sure measure of the 
progress of industry, commerce, education, and all that 
goes to make up the sum of civilization ; and there is no 
more striking illustration to be found of the strides which 
our country has made in that direction since the century 
began than the introduction of a cheap and rapid delivery 
of letters, and the craving which it has at once satisfied 
and augmented. Nothing gives us so forcible an idea of 
the difiereuce between the Britain of the present day and 
the Britain of the Caroline or even of the Georgian period, 
than the contrast between the postal communication of 
those times and of our own. The itch for writing is now 
so strong in us, we are so constantly writing or receiving 
letters, our anpetite for them is so ravenous, that we won- 
der how people got on in the days when the po.-*tman was 
the exclusive messenger of the king, and when even his 
majesty was so badly served that, as one old postmaster* 
wrote in self-exculpation of some delay, "when placards 
are sent (to order the immediate forwarding of some state 
despatches) the constables many times be fayne to take 
the horses out of plowes and cartes, wherein," he gravely 
adds, "can be no extreme diligence." It was a sure sigu 
that the country was going ahead when Cromwell fouud 
it worth while to establish posts for the people at large, 
and was able to farm out the post office for X 10,000 a year. 
The profits of tliat establisliment were doubled by tlie 
time the Stuarts got back to the throne, and more than 
doubled again before the close of the seventeenth century. 
The country h:is kept on growing out of system after sys- 
tem, liKe a lad out of his clothes, and at difTerent times 
lias liad new ones made to its measure. Brian Tuck's easy 
plan of borrowing farmer's horses to mount his emissaries 
on, gave place to regular relays of post-boys and post-lior- 
ses ; and, in course of time, when the robbery of tlie mails 
by sturdy higliwaymeu had become almost the rule, and 
their safe conveyance tlie exception, post-boys were in 
turn supplanted by a system of stage-coaches, convoyed 
by an armed guard. Tliis was thought a great advance ; 
and so it was. A pushing, zealous man named Palmer 
originated tlie sclieuie. Amidst many other avocations, 
he found time to travel on the outside of stage-coaches, 
for the sake of talking with the coachmen and observing 
the route, here, there, and everywhere all over England, 
and thus matured all the details of his plan from personal 
experience. "None but an enthusiast," said Sheridan in 
a rapture of admiration in the House of Commons, "could 
have conceived, none but an enthusiast could liave practi- 
cally entertained, none but an enthusiast could have car- 
ried out such a system." 

Still, in spite of the exactitude witli which Palmer's 
scheme was declared to fit the wants of the country, it 
soon began to be grown out like the rest. It became too 
short, too tight, too straitened every way, and impeded 
the circulation of correspondence, — no unimportant artery 
of our national system. The cost of postage was too high, 
tlie mode of delivery too slow, and the consequence was, 
that people either repressed their desire to write letters, 
or sent them through some cheaper and illegitimate 
channel. Sir Walter Scott know a man who recollected 



Brian Tuke, master of the post to King Henry VIII. 



xfe* 



^^^^if^^ 



1S8 



J-TJ-V^ElsriLE HSrSTie^TJOTOie/ 



*">. 

i 



the mail from London reaching Edinburg with only a 
single letter. Of all the millions of the modern Babylon 
only one solitary individual had got anything to say to 
anybody in the metropolis of the sister kingdom worth 
paying postage for. ''We look back now," writes Miss 
Martineau, "with a sort of amazed compassion to the old 
crusading times, when warrior-husbands and their wives, 
grey-headed parents and their brave sons, parted with the 
knowledge that it must be months or years before they 
could hear of one another's existence. We wonder how 
they bore the depth of silence ! And we feel the same 
now about the families of Polar voyagers. But, till a 
dozen years ago, it did not occur to many of us how like 
tliis was the fate of the largest class in our own country. 
The fact is, there was no full and free epistolary inter- 
course in that country, except between those who had the 
command of franks. There were few families in the wide 
middle class who did not feel the cost of postage a heavy 
item in their expenditure ; and if the j'oung people sent 
letters home only once a fortnight, the amount at the 
year's end was a rather serious matter. But it was the 
vast multitudes of the lower orders who suffered like the 
crusading families of old, and the geographical discover- 
ies of all times. When one* their families parted oft" from 
home it was a separation almost like that of death. The 
hundreds of thousands of apprentices, of shopmen, of 
governesses, of domestic servants, were cut ofT from family 
relations as if seas or deserts lay between them and home. 
If the shilling for each letter could be saved by the 
economy of weeks or months at first, the rarity of corres- 
jxindence went on to increase the rarity ; new interests 
liastened the dying out of old ones ; and the ancient 
domestic affections were but too apt to wither away, till 
the wish for intercourse was gone. The young girl could 
not ease her heart by pouring out her cares and difficul- 
ties to her mother before she slept, as she can now, when 
the penny and the sheet of paper are the only condition 
of the correspondence. The young lad felt that a letter 
home was a serious and formal matter, when it must cost 
his parents more than any indulgence they ever thought 
of for themselves ; and the old fun and light-heartedness 
were dropped oft' from such domestic intercourse as there 
was. The effect upon the morals of this kind of restraint 
is proved beyond a doubt by the evidence afforded in the 
army, ft was a well-known fact, that in regiments wliere 
the commanding officer was kind and courteous about 
franking letters for the privates, and encouraged them to 
write as often as they pleased, the soldiers were more 
sober and manly, more virtuous and domestic in tlieir 
affections, than where difficulty was made by the indo- 
lence or stifliiess of tlie franking officer." 

Under the costly postal system, the revenue of the post 
office did not, as it had hitherto done, and should have 
continued to do, keep pace with the progress of tiie coun- 
trj'. The appetite for communication between distant 
friends or men of Ijusiness was evidently either decaying, 
or finding vent in an unlawful way. The latter was 
diiefly the ease. There were va.st numl)ers of people 
separated from each other Iiy long weary miles, too many 
t'^> permit of visits, who could not resist writing to each 
oHier, — the doating parent to tlie cliild, tlie lover to his 
mistress, tlie mercliant to his agents, the lawyer to his 
clients. Those who could not afford postage, were the 
very cla-ss who could not 'get franks ; for the principle 
was, that those who could best alford postage money 
should liave plenty of franks, which were, of course, (luite 
out of the way of )X)or, humble folks, — the fat sow had 
her car well greased, the lean, starving one had to con- 
sume her own fat, liiie the hear, or go witliout. The con- 
se(|ucnce was, that those who were eager to writ« and 
could not pet letters through the post, found oilier means 
of forwarding them to the evasion of the law. There was 
no limit to the exercise of ingenuity in this direction. 
'J'lireeor four letters were written on one piece of pajier, 
to l>e cut up and distributed separately by one of tiie re- 
cipients; newspapers were turned into letters by under- 
scoring or pricking with a pin the letters rei|uire<l to f<irm 
the various words of the communication ; some peculiar- 
itj- in the style of address on the outside was arranged be- 
tween corresi)Oiidents, the sight of which was enough to 
indicate a message, and the letter was turned away, hav- 
ing served its j)uri»)se ; and so on, in n hundred other 
ways, fraudulent raeans were found of evading the law. 



Some carriers had a large and profitable business in 
smuggling letters. In many populous districts the num- 
ber of letters conveyed by carriers at a penny each in an 
illegal way far exceeded tliose sent through tlie post. In 
Manchester, for every letter that went by the postman, 
six went by the carrier ; and in Glascow the proportion 
was as one to ten. All tliis was notorious. The most 
honorable people saw no great harm in cheating the post 
to send a word of comfort or encouragement to an absent 
friend, — it was a vice that leant to virtue's side. But it 
was a bad thing for the country that people should be 
driven to such devices, in obeying o natural and proper 
impulse. The man who began by smuggling letters, 
might end by smuggling bobaceo or brandy; and the sys- 
tem was morally pernicious. All felt the evil, but remedy 
seemed impossible. As the urgency for a change grew to 
a liead, the man came to etFect it, — a man "of open heart, 
who could enter into family impulses ; a man of philoso- 
phical ingenuity, who could devise a remedial scheme ; a 
man of business, wlio could fortify such a scheme with 
impregnable accuracy" — that man was Kowland Hill. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor 



BK.ic3-H:.i^:M: ^stoxjitg-. 



Brigham Young, the man we lovo ! 

Matchless may his blessings prove! 

Health and life his words impart 

To each faithful Mormon heart. 

One of Heaven's most gifted Seers, 

Passing godlike he appears ! 

With the flag of life unfurled, 

Seeking to redeem the world ; 

Ever reasoning, pleading, he 

Fain would make the Nations free. 

In his more tlian giant strength 

Setting forth the truth at length, 

Sending agents everywhere, 

Gods last message to declare ; 

}?ringing home the poor, oppressed, 

AVhere alone is peace and rest! 

Where, as if by magic wand. 

Guided by bis master hand. 

Wealth, outspreading far and wide, 

Health and happiness preside! 

Mighty men creation o'er, 

Heroes wlio have lived of yore, 

All their glory pales before 

Our lieaveu-aided conqueror! 

Call us slaves, ye would-be great. 

Ours is far the belter fate. 

Ye, professing to be free, 

Groan in chalus of misery ; 

We who know the gospel true, 

Every soul resolve anew 

To sustain, by act and tonRue, 

Truth's great cbampicn, I$rigliam Young. 



Iloi.i.o. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVKUY OTHKK .SATUKDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

fHnr/lc Copy, per Annum ?3 00. 

Single 0>p;/, for Hix Month.i 1 f)". 

*a- (;r.iin liroii(,'lit to tliiH City fur tlic .InvBNIi.K Instiuictor will be 
rcaivid at the ofTict; of our paiicT-UKSKiiET News Buildinos. 



