


Qlmss U t\t %Qx)il 




VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, MARCH 16, 1872. 



NO. 6. 



siiycEOisr ^isTX) j^nsrisr^, jL.i<riD tub iisriFj^iiTa? cteisxjs. 



IN the picture tliis week you see a represantation of infancy, 
also of man and womanhood in their prime and in the decline 
of Hfe. On the right hand are a man and woman— most 
Hkely tlie father and mother of the baby; on the left are 
an aged couple who, from the way they arc admiring the infant, 
you might suppose are its grandfather and grandmother ; but if 
you have any such idea you are mistaken, for the engraving has 
reference to an incident which, simple and common-place as it 
may appear, will not be forgotten as long as the earth moves or 



city, at the same time, an old lady named Anna, a proi)hetess, 
and she and Simeon both rejoiced in the birth of the Savior. 
It was the custom in those days, and we believe is so still, 
for Jewish parents to attend to certain ordinances on behalf of 
their children; and these ordinances were performed in the 
temple at Jerusalem. Among others who came to the temple 
for this purpose was ]Mary, the mother of Jesus, and Joseph, 
her husband. Directed by the Holy Ghost, Simeon and Anna 
entered the temple while they were there. And the figures in 




is occupied as a dwelling place by the human faujiiy. You will 
find an account of the circumstance referred to, in the gospel 
according to St. Luke. Turn to the twenty-fifth verse of the 
.second chapter of that gospel and you will learn that in the city 
iif Jerusalem there lived, before the jjirth if the ]jord Jesus 
Christ, a just and devout man named Simeon, unto whom 
it had been revealed, by the Holy Chost, that ho should not 
die until he had scon the Savior. There also lived, in the same 



the picture arc intended for Jesus, IMary, Joseph, and the aged 
servants of the Lord, Simeon and Anna. As soon as Simeon 
saw the babe, we are told that, "He took him in his arms and 
blessed Cod, and .said, 'liurd, now lettest tliou thy servant 
di'part in peace;, according to thy word, for mine (;yes have seen 
thy .salvation, which thou hast prepared before; all people; a 
light U) enlighten the Ceutiles and the glory of thy jieople 
Israel.' " Joseph and Mary, the evangelist says, marveled at 



g 



ii^2^- 




4=Q 



CTTJ^EIsrirjE IISrSTI^TJOTOI?/, 



^c 



the sayings of Simeon; they evidently did not comprehend 
that in the birth of their child the whole human famOy had 
such a deep and eternal interest at stake ; in other words, one 
might suppose that they were ignorant of the fact that their 
child Jesus, was to be the Savior of the whole human family. 

Simeon, after he had blessed the infant Savior, also blessed 
Marj-j his mother, and Joseph, his reputed father, and then 
used the following remarkable words to Mary: "Behold, this 
child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel, and 
for a sign which shall be spoken against; yea a sword shall 
pierce through thy own soul also ; that the thoughts of many 
hearts may be revealed." 

That this prophecy has been exactly fulfilled, in part, is 
shown most clearly by the short account of the life and death 
of the Savior, contained in the New Testament. When Jesus 
declared His mission, as the long-looked for Messiah of Israel, 
and, hke all the great moral and social reformers of the world 
have done, denounced the hypocrisy and wickedness of the age 
and country in which lie lived, He very soon became a sign that 
was spoken against by nearly all the people living who heard of 
His teachings ; and when He was arrested, and finally, after 
living the most sinless life ever lived on earth, was put to death 
in a most cruel manner. His mother, brothers and other relations 
standing by, and unable to help Him, we may well believe that 
a ''sword pierced through" her own soul. It could not be 
otherwise, for never was mother blessed with such a noble and 
righteous son, as she who bore the babe of Bethlehem. 

By that dreadful act the Jews crowned themselves with 
infamy, and, as a nation, wrought out for themselves the most 
terrible downfall that any nation ever endured ; again fulfilling 
the prophecy of Simeon that "This child is set for the fall" of 
many in Israel. 

The evangelist Luke also tells that the Prophetess Anna 
"Gave thanks likewise untn the Lord and spake of him, (Jesus) 
to all them that looked for redemption in Jerusalem." This 
incident in the infant life of the Savior, like every other con- 
nected with Him, will never be forgotten. Neither will the 
aged couple, Simeon and Anna, who blessed their Bedeenier. 
Enlightened by the power of the Holy Ghost, they, though full 
of years and righteousness, could rejoice in the birth of tlie 
Redeemer and Savior of the whole human race. Since their 
day, the name of Jesus has been reverenced and scorned by 
niilli(]ns of the family of man. All, who, like the aged jjrophet 
and prophetess, have had their minds enlightened on the subject 
of the fall and the necessity for an atonement and a Savior, 
have rejoiced in the siire and certain hope of redemption 
through the death of tlie Lord Jesus; while all, who like the 
Jews, have hardened their he<irts and rejected Jesus as their 
Savior, have fallen through that same unbelief; and as it has 
been with the generations of the past, so it will be in the 
future: all who believe and obey will rejoice; all who reject will 
suffer and fall, for "there is none other nanje given under 
heaven whereby men ran be saved." 

The gospel which Ihr Savior i)rcachcd in his lifetime, and 
which, in its purity, has lu^'n unknown in the earth for many 
hundreds of .vears, has been restored in these last days; and 
one portion of the mission of those to whom it has been 
rcn'ealed, is to j)rcaeb it to tli(! long dispersed Israelites, who, 
in the disi)ens;ition of the fulln<ss of times — the otic hi which 
\n: live, arc to be gathered to their own land, and who, by the 
display of the i>ower of the Almighty, will be converted to 
faith in the jMessiah whom their fathers rejected and i)ut to 
death. Then, and nut till then, will be fulfilled that prirtion of 
the prophecy uf Simeon which foretells the "rising again," 
or redemption, of the many who have fall -ii in Israel. 



TiiK three things most difficult are to keep a secret, to forget 
au injury, and to make good use of leisure. 






[For the Juveniit Instructor' 



^%mth%t% al €omtttan. i5|iitgs. 



IT is not intended to burden the mind of the young reader 
with chemical formuhx;, only when it may be necessary, in 
presenting truths relating to the chemistry of organic bodies. 
It is desirable that the young should know all that they can 
know respecting the physical structure of all created beings, 
which is peculiarly the province of anatomy to teach ; also of 
the functions of those organizations that anatomy describes, which 
is the business of physiology ; of the constituents of bodies, the 
changes they undergo in being used, and, so far as known, the 
causes of those changes, which is the business of chemistry to 
teach. In treating upon the chemistry of common things in 
the popular form that characterizes the columns of the Juvenii.e 
Instructor, it will not be expected, nor is it intended, to con- 
fine the text to the details of organic chemistry as found in the 
books; especially when truth may be fiirther elucidated by 
rambling into other departments of kindred sciences. 

The truths that have been advanced concerning electricity, 
although they have only placed us upon the threshold of 
incjuiry respecting that important science, if they have 
impressed the minds of the young with correct ideas of the 
uses and ])ower of the imponderable and unseen forces of the 
universe, they will materially aid them iu understanding 
phenomena that frc'iuently result from changes in matter that 
are both seen and felt. 

In organic chemistry it is usual to separate analysis into proxi- 
mate and ultimate, both branches of the science having reference 
to the properties and composition of organized products. 
Organic substances generally contain water; vegetable, as well 
as animal substances are comprehended under this designation. 
Leaves of plants and the tissues of wood cont;iin a largo 
quantity of water wliich has to be removed before a correct 
analysis can be given, this is also true of the dryest vegetable 
powders. Vegetables as well as animals also contain mineral 
matter, the leaves of [ilants contain silica, or flinty matter; the 
fine glaze on the surface of reeds, corn, cane, and grasses 
generally, is a covering of silica. Bone is from GO to 70 i)er 
cent, mineral matter; shells are almost entirely formed of 
mineral matter, cemented together by a small quantity of organic 
matter. These inorganic elements found in organic beings 
are taken u\> by the food; and, as animals live upon other 
animals or uiJini vegetables that derive their existence from the 
earth, the inorganic substances have their origin in this way. 

The proximate analysis of organic substances is effected by 
means of various solvents which separate the parts of sub- 
stances without determining their chemical constituents. Thus 
water, either hot or cold, is a solvent of some things that 
eiit('r into vegetable structure, such as starch, gum and sugar; 
alc<jhol dissolves substances that water will not, such as resins 
and other bodies that even ether will not, although ether 
dissolves a large number of substances. 

The sei)aration into proximate princiiiles by the artificial 
processes indic^it<'d above, brings out a much larger uumlier of 
products than the ultimate analysis. The ekuiientary or 
ultimate analysis of wood, for instance, would give 0. H. (). 
(carbon, hydrogen and oxygen I, but its iiroximate priiicijiles, 
or "educts," as they are called, would give gum, resin and 
woody fibre, each of which when examined resolves itself 
ultimat<'ly into the simple elements C. H. 0., which are the 
organic constituents of wood. 

One truth may be impressed upon the mind with advantage, 
as it applies t4) all organic substances: they contain C. (carbon), 



ms^- 



s, 




J- TJ "V E IsT I Xj El UsTSTIS/TJOTOIS/. 



4:3 



fflf 



to this it may be added that carbon may always be detected by 
charring the substance, that is by burning it without allowing 
the air (oxygen) to consume it. The black residuum will 
always indicate the presence of organic matter, vk., carbon. 
As pointed out in former articles nitrogen is an element that 
characterizes the antmal world ; but the vegetable world also is 
largely indebted for its most essential parts to the presence of 
nitrogen. With a view to obtain further information for the 
young student, such substances as may illustrate the nature of 
organic chemistry wOl now bo chosen, and, for a bogining, the 
nature of the hydro-carbons may profitably engage our attention. 

Betit. 



A Good Word for the Bats. — Among the prejudices cher- 
ished by the masses against harmless animals few are stronger 
than that felt almost universally against the bats, arising proba- 
bly from the fact that they are children of the night, and forced 
to carry on their search for food after the darkness. It may be, 
however, that their peculiar hideousness has given additional 
strength to this feeling, for the Jewish legislation already declar- 
ed them unclean and accursed, and the Greeks borrowed their 
wings for the harpies, as Christians have done for the devil. 
A poor lost bat need but fly into a room filled with company and 
everybody is frightened. 

Superstitious people tremble at their mere presence as an evil 
omen, and the strong-minded among the fair excuse their terror 
by a pretended fear for their hair — an apprehension which could 
be well founded only if the accounts of insects being harbored 
in their chignons should bo verified. It is true these children 
of darkness are neither fair in form nor amiable in temper. 
The naked, black skin of their wings, stretched out between 
enormously lengthened fingers, like the silk of an umbrella 
between the whalebones of the frame ; the ugly claws of their 
hind feet; the bare appendages which frequently adorn their 
noses and ears in a most eccentric manner ; and their perfectly 
noiseless, almost mysterious flight by touch, and not by sight — 
all these peculiarities combine to make them unwelcome guests 
among us. 

And yet they are real public benefactors. When the first 
warm sun of spring arouses them irom their long winter sleep, 
which they enjoy by hanging by their hind feet, head down, and 
the whole body carefully wrapped up in the wide cloaks of their 
wings, they begin their night hunts. A dozen fat beetles hardly 
suffice for the supper of a hungry member of one variety, and 
sixty to seventy house-flies for one of another kind. All night 
long they pursue with indefatigable energy every variety of bee- 
tle and moth, or fly and bug, and enjoy most of all those which 
do the greatest injury to our fruit trees and cereals. Even the 
only really formidable member of their race, the vampire, is 
much maligned, a gigantic bat, accused of sucking the blood of 
man and beast, it is strictly confined to a small district in the 
tropics, and even there occurs but rarely. — Appleton' s Jouriml. 



Good JIaxims. — Persevere against discouragements. Keep 
your temper. Employ your leisure in study, and always have 
some work in hand. Be punctual and methodical in business, 
and never procrastinate. Never be in a hurry. Preserve self- 
possession, and do not be talked out of conviction, llise early 
and be an economist of time. Maintain dignity without the 
appearance of pride ; manner is something with everybody, and 
everything with some. Be guarded in discourse, attentive and 
slow to speak. Never acquiesce in immoral or pernicious opin- 
ions. Be not forward to assign reasons to men with no right to 
ask. Tliink nothing in conduct unimportant or indifferent. 
Bather set than follow examples. Practice strict temperance 
and in all your transactions remember the final account you 
must some time have to settle. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 

B o .A. s T I isr a- - 



WE make a great mistake when we think to advance our 
claims to respect, or make others sensible of our worth 
and virtues by boasting. In fact a sensible person in a sensible 
mood will never resort to it. And yet how jirone most of us 
are to engage in it, with the idea that we are on the high road 
to favor in the estimation of our hearers, when ten chances to 
one if we could divine their thoughts and see ourselves as others 
see us, we would "hold our peace," and let others sound our 
praise and extol our virtues. If a person really possesses 
qualities that are extraordinary ; if he is talented, brave, heroic 
or high-minded, there is no necessity for his telling it ; these 
qualities will make themselves manifest soon enough and the 
most sensible course for the possessor to take is to act in such 
a manner as to impress others with the idea that he is not 
aware of his own merits. The first thing a conceited person 
thinks of, when he discovers or fancies ho discovers that he 
excels in some particular, is to blab it. Silly fellow ! it is the 
very course to demean himself in the estimation of his hearers. 

However much we may deny it, there are few of us averse 
to receiving praise, that is when we deserve it. Flattery is a 
kind of praise — undeserved praise — something which should bo 
spurned. Now this latter is the kind of praise the boaster 
generally receives. He would not believe it, of course. Oh, 
no ! He grows fervent in relating his exploits, and is encour- 
aged by compliments; to confine himself to sober facts his deeds 
would sound too tame, and he stretches the truth a little, just 
by way of coloring, to make the whole interesting. He does 
not intend to tell a lie. No, he would scorn the action. But 
he is fisliing for praise, and is so determined on gaining it, that 
he tells one little lie after another almost unconsciously, while 
the plaudits he receives he considers heartfelt. Perhaps they 
are ; that depends on whether his hearers are sensible or not ; 
if they are, they are thinking, "How much better that would 
sound if told by another," while from courtesy they encourage 
him. 

All liars may not be boasters, but it is a hard matter to find 
a boaster who will confine himself to the truth. All cowards 
are not boasters, but certain it is that all boasters are cowards. 

That goodness is commendable which is not combined with 
ostentation. That bravery is to be admired which is not 
displayed merely for effect. That learning is most worthy 
which is unaccompanied by high-sounding diction. That 
millionaire is a pattern who does not boast of his worldly pos- 
sessions. 

Who has not heard of the old saying, "Barking dogs never 
bite." The rule is also applicable to human beings. The 
bravest men are the most quiet. If you know a person who 
uses loud words and fierce gestures, who threatens everything 
and everybody, set it down, he is a braggadocio, he has not a 
particle of valor in his composition. Such persons are plentiful, 
and tliey aie as brave as mice, and about as magnanimous. In 
anything short of an actual engagement they are forward 
enough ; in fact, in a retreat they are generally the most so ; 
but if there is any fighting to do they always have "something 
the matter with them." 

To sum it up, the brave man acts from principle, the truly 
learned man never makes a display of his learning, for he knows 
the folly of it, and a discreet man, whether educated or not, 
never boasts of his accomplishments as he knows that modesty 
is more admirable than egotism, or self-praise, and that his 
actions will speak for themselves. 

Finally, boys and girls, if you are smart, accomplished, 
brave, handsome or learned, it is just as well for you not to 
know 'it but if you should find it out, never tell it to others, 
or else,'my word for it, they will not think so much of you 
afterwards. ^- 



^ 



m^ 



■i^>^ 







a"TJ"V^E2S3"irjE iniQ"Sa?I^TJGTOi^. 



■!^^!§5 



iti&^ttiU Itt^lt^ttclotJ* 



CEORCE O. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MARCH IC, 1872. 



EIDITOI^I^^Xj THrOTJG-HITS. 




HERE is a sulijeet ■wliich most of tlio 
eliildreu of this Territory could devote a 
little more atteDtion to, ■with profit aud 
])leasure to themselves aud others. Some- 
thing -which should constitute a very 
important ])art of every jjerson's education, 
Something on which our individual hap- 
piness, as well as that of our associates, is 
in great part deix'udent. That subject is 
cultivation of affability, of kindness, and 
love at home. 

In the absence of those qualities we see 
brothers and sisters jangling and quarreling, 
causing one another feelings of gloom and 
bitterness and making home, that ought to be a 
1/ j\>^ i'i>n.u of peace and happiness, in which they should 
\w^5 ^^^^ *" nestle and find enjoyment in the society of 
^-^^^*^ their parents and each other, a scene of strile and 
y I confusion, a place from which they long to escape to 
find the desired enjoyment elsewhere. Home has no endearing 
ties for them, for there tlie hajiijiness which should e.xist is not 
to be found, and they learn to regard it only as a ])Iace of 
restraint. While the pleasing and agreeable society of others 
is attractive, that of the home circle repels them. 

On the contrary, in a family where love at home is a ruling 
element, where every member of the household strives to cheer 
the life of and make hapiiy the others, there can be no place on 
earth so dear to them as their own fireside. The joys that 
cluster around that family circle are not forgotten when its 
memliers grow to mature years and have to struggle with the 
stern realities of life. The hai)py influence connected with 
their early hfe often continues with them as tliey grow u]! and from 
habit they manifest the same disjiosition to spread pleasure and 
hapi)iness abnut them. Whether they be rich or poor they 
draw friends to them, and are respected and licloved through 
life for their loving example. 

Who has tiot known persons whose manners were repulsive 
and who lived in continual broils, shedding no happiness on the 
pathwa\' of others and knowuig little of the i-eal joj's of life 
themselves. Pejiend upon it, such persons have been strangers 
to the magic influence of love at home. 

We have known sisters who could not agree, who seldom 
addressed each other except in a snarling,, petidant tone, and 
who evinced no conceni for each other's happiness, but selfishly 
.sought their own pleasure without regard for that of others. 
We never knew such girls make good wives when grown, for 
the habits of thinr early life were almost sure to cling to them. 
How very different would be the case had they learned in 
ciiildhood aud youth to deny themselves any slight gratification 
for the sake of affording pleasure to their brothers and sisters 
or others. 

The bfiy who is too selfish to exercise a tender care over his 
sister and to be quite as gallant in bestowing jileasure upon her 
as upon anyone else, is not likely to make a very afl'ectionate 
and good husband. On the same rule, the girl who evinces no 
affection for her brother nor solicitude lor his comfort and liap- 
piness, is not such a person as we could recommend for a wife. 



There is nothing more pleasing to behold than brothers and 
sisters living happily together, trying to lighten one another's 
burdens and make their lives agreeable. Pointing to this sub- 
ject there is a most beautiful legend connected with the site of 
the ancient Temjile of Solomon, which runs as follows: 

"It is said to have been occupied in common by two brothers, 
one of whom had a fauiily ; the other had none. On this spot 
was sown a field of wheat. On the evening succeeding the 
harvest, the grain having been gathered in separate shocks, the 
elder brother said unto his wife : 'JNIy younger brother is 
unable to bear the burden and heat of the day ; I will arise, 
take my shocks and place them with his without his knowledge.' 
The younger brother being actuated by the same benevolent 
motives said within himself: 'My elder brother has a family, I 
have none ; 1 will rise ; take of my shocks and place them with 
his without his knowledge.' Judge of tlieir mutual astonish- 
ment when, on the fuUowiug morning, they found their 
respective shocks undiminished. This course of events trans- 
pired for several nights, when each resolved in his own mind to 
stand guard and solve the mystery. Ihey did so; when, on 
tlie following night, they met each other halfway between their 
respective shocks, with their arms full. Upon ground hallowed 
by such associations was the Temple of Solomon erected — so 
spacious and magnificent, the wonder and admiration of the 
world!" 

Whether the legend be true or not, it serves to illustrate the 
subject of love at home, and we should all endeavor to profit by 
its perusal. 



IDEAS differ very widely in regard to what constitutes a real 
gentleman. The opinions entertiiined by foppish young fel- 
lows, who, ornamented with finger rings and other jewelry, kid 
gloves and a walking cane, strut about and try to appear more 
conspicuous than any one else, could hardly be accepted as a 
correct one, for in ignoring the claims of others to attention aud 
respect they display, not gentility but the reverse of it. The 
actions of the fast young man, who to make his language more 
forcible and oxin-essive, makes use of slang and indulges in pro- 
fanity can scarcely be considered those of a true gentleman, for 
such things shock aud offend the sensitive and refined mind, 
an effect which is never produced by gentility. The per.son 
who prides himself on his ability to smoke cigars or chew 
tobacco, play billiards and drink intoxicating liquors, bet on 
horse races and talk vulgarly, is not the pattern gentleman, by 
any means, for such are the practices of the immoral and 
wicked portion of mankind, who sink themselves below the 
level of the brute creation. Neither is the man nccessai'ily a 
gentleman who lives without work, dresses in fine clothes, and 
has no apparent means of gaining a livelihood, for persons may 
with all consistency doubt such a one's honesty. 

A true gentleman is not afraid of labor, in fact he considers 
it honorable, and would scarcely ask another to do a thing he 
"would be ashamed to do himself He treats all persons with 
respect, though they may not wear as fine clothes as he does. 
A coat of homespun is just as worthy of respect as one of 
broadcloth in his estimation, and he is willing to admit that a 
:maii may be honest and honorable, thciUgh poor. He is never 
found indulging in indecent or vulgar language, nor stooping to 
the level of low, ignorant and vulgar persons, that he may be 
iippreciated by them. His policy is to elevate his associates in 
all that is good, manly, noble and virtuous, and not to pervert 
■\vhat little good there may be in their natures. He is tme to 
liis word, generous, courteous and high-minded. 

We may not all attain to this standard of a gentleman, but 
we should certainly aspire to it. And we should commence by 
mingling in good society, and striving to overcome every habit 
that will not strictly accord with the character and bearing we 
have shown of a true gentleman. 



i^3^ 



'i^^il 



Cr TJ V EZsT I Hi E IltTSTI^TJOTOI?., 



^5 



?^. 



THE tree represented in the engraving is evidently one that 
grows in Eastern lands. You may tell that by the style of 
dress worn by the parties reclining in the shade afforded by the 
luxuriant foliage of its many and wide-spreading branches ; and 
because of this, the Plane Tree is, in fact, a great favorite in 
several countries of the Orient. It is a native of the Levant — 
a name given to that portion of the earth lying along the eastern 
coast of the Mediterranean Sea, extending from western Greece 
to western Egypt. It is also common in Persia, Asia Minor, 
Hindostan, and in various localities in this country, from south 
of the Mississippi river to California. The tree grows rapidly, 
and when it has reached maturity is from sixty to eighty feet 
high. Its timber is not very valuable, although in Asiatic 
countries it is used for various useful purposes; but in America, 
where there are so many excellent varieties of timber, it is 
thought little of, and the tree is valued chiefly because it is a 
fine shade tree. It flourishes best in a rich, cool, moist soil, and 
the finest specimens in this country are to be found on the banks 
of the Ohio river. It is common in New England, where it is 
called the Buttonwood. It is 
considered to be one of the 
most beautiful of the decidu- 
ous class of trees grown in 
the country. We have just 
used a word that is not very 
common, and, may be, some 
of you will not understand it. 
We mean "deciduous." You 
do not often meet with it, 
hence we shall explain it to W 
you. It means, simply, a tree ' 
whose leaves fall ofi' in the 
Autumn. The word decidu- 
ous comes from the Latin 
language, and expresses, of 
itself, that which would re- 
quire half a dozen or more 
English words to express. 
This is one of the main rea- 
sons of so many words from 
the Latin and Greek being 
adopted into the English 
language. 

The Plane Tree tapers off 
very gradually from the 
ground to the summit, and 
hence it presents a very graceful appearance. Its branches 
shoot out from the trunk, horizontally, that is, in a line even 
with the ground, and towards the end each branch turns down- 
wards. The tree flowers in Spring, before it puts forth its 
leaves. The flowers grow m the form of balls, and are so small 
that they cannot be distinguished by the naked eye. The 
young leaves feel like a piece of stout woolen cloth, being 
covered with a heavy down or wool ; but as they grow this 
fleece wears off, leaving them quite smooth. 

You will readily admit, if the engraving be a correct repre- 
sentation, the Plane is a very beautiful tree, and in Eastern 
countries, where the weather is very hot, it is no wonder it is a 
great, favorite, because of its cool and refreshing shade. A 
number or two back you had a short sketch of the American 
aloe ; this week of the Oriental I'lane. Head carefully, and 
endeavor to remember the items of knowledge conveyed in 
the sketches contained in the Juvenile Instructor, whether 
botany, chemistry, history or any other subject, for there will 
be found nothing within its pages that will not benefit you, 
and the effort reiiuired on your part to enable you to fully 
understand them, will gradually strengthen your mental powers 



and enable you to master more difilcult subjects, and prepare you 
to fill positions of usefulness in your future lives. 



THE STOK.Y OIP V-.A.LEtT- 

PROM CHAMBERS' JIISCELLANY. 




{Conti7iued.) 

IV. 

VALENTINE recommenced his journey, going from door to 
door asking for work, or at least a morsel of bread. Alas ! 
both his demands were alike unheeded: the misery which 
reigned throughout the entire province was frightful. At 
length a farmer of the village of Clesentine offered him the care 
of his flock, which Valentine at once accepted. Possessed of 
more than ordinary intelligence, idleness did not suit him ; and 
an anxious wish to be instructed, induced him, at the end of 
two years, to seek other employment. Accident conducted him 
to the farm of La Eochette, near Deneuvre, at the foot of the 

Vosges mountains, which 
was inhabited by a hermit or 
friar named Palemon, 

"My father," said Valen- 
tine, "you are alone; receive 
me, and I will assist you in 
j'our work ; I will serve you 
as a domestic ; I will be sat- 
isfied to live on bread ; and 
all that I ask in return is, 
that you will teach me to 
read." The good man will- 
ingly accepted the offer of a 
young companion, and they 
lived happily together for 
some time; until the arrival 
I if a second hermit, bearing 
an order from their sujierior, 
obliged brother Palemon to 
receive him as a companion. 
Valentine was again thrown 
on the world ; but the good 
hermit gave him a letter of 
recommendation to the her- 
mits of St. Anne, at some 
distance from La Kochettc, 
and one league from Lune- 
ville. Four old men resided in tliis retreat: all their fortune 
consisted of six cows, and the proJ»cc of twelves acres of land. 
These they found sufficient for ;dl tlieir wants and their charities. 
They received Valentine with pleasure, and confided to him the 
care of the cows. It was while amongst these religiously-dis- 
posed men that Valentino commenced seriously to instruct him- 
self But he sh;Jl toll bis own tale, as recorded in his memoirs. 
"I commenced," says ho, "a new career: I began to learn to 
write; one of the old men traced my copies with a, trembling 
hand— bad copies were of course the result of so imperfect a 
model. Not to give the old man trouble, and to get over my 
lesson, I detached a jiane of glass from niy window, and placing 
it upon the copy I had received, traced exactly the letters 
written underneath. By the repetition of this exercise, in a 
short time I acquired facility in writing, though it was ever so 
bad. By means of an old abridged arithmetic, which I had 
found in the library attached to the hermitage, 1 learned the 
first four ruk's. Tliis was to me a source of amusement and 
pleasure. In the neighboring wood I chose a fitting^ place to 
study, to which, during the long nights of summer, I frequently 
retired. One night while gazing on the number of stars which 




f 



46 



J-TJ^EITiniiE i:tTSTT?,-D-OT'OI^. 



■^§^1 



studded the immensity of the heavens, 1 recollected having 
read in an old almanac that on certain days of the year the sun 
entered into certain signs, which were distinguished by the 
names of animals. Not knowing what these signs meant, but 
presuming tliat there were perhaps in the heavens assemblages 
of stars which these figures represented, I made it the object of 
my speculations. Accident furaished mo with the means of 
forming more just notions. Having been sent to Luneville on 
a fair day, I perceived a number of pictures exposed for sale, 
fastened against the walls. I fiund amongst them a ]ilanisphere, 
iu which the stars were marked with their ditfereut names and 
magnitudes. The purchase of this planisphere, a chart of the 
terrestrial globe, and maps of the four divisions of the earth, 
exhausted all my finances, which amounted to four or five francs. 
The avaricious and the ambitious may well be excused if the 
passions by which they are swayed cause a pleasure as real and 
as lively as I experienced from the possession of these six 
sheets of paper. A few days sufficed to learn the situations of 
the greater number of the constellations. But to make use of 
this knowledge, it was necessary to fix upon a point in the 
heavens to serve as a base for my observations. I had heard 
it stated that the polar star was the only one in our hemisphere 
which was immovable, and that its situation determined that of 
the arctic pole. But how to find this star, and to be certain of 
its immobility 1 After many inquiries, I was told of a steel 
needle which had the power of turning itself to the poles of the 
earth — a prodigy I could scarcely believe, yet fain would see. 
To my great joy, the eldest of the hermits told me he had a 
compass with a dial, which he had the goodness to give me. 
By the aid of this marvelous instrument I soon found out the 
four cardinal and the subordinate points ; but as I was still 
ignorant of the elevation of the polar star, I employed the fol- 
lowing means to find its situation : I chose a star which 
appeared U> be of the third magnitude ; then with an auger I 
pierced a hole in the branch of a tree of such a size that, looking 
through, I might perceive that star alone. This done, as a true 
follower of Ptolemy, I reasoned thus : This star is either fixed 
or movable; if fixed, my point of observation being also 
stationary, it will be always seen through the aperture, and in 
that case it will be the one I wish to find ; if it is movable, the 
contrary will be the case, and I can repeat the operation of 
boring ; and this I did frequently, without other success than 
breaking my auger. The accident made me have recourse to 
another expedient. I took a straight slip of elder, and having 
slit itj and taken out the pith, I joined the two parts with 
thread, and fastened the hollow cane to one of the branches of 
an oak, which served me as an observatory. By this means I was 
able to direct the tube with fiicility towards the different stars 
which I wished to observe, and at length succeeded in finding 
the one I sought. After this, it was easy to find the situation 
of the principal constellations, by drawing imaginary lines from 
one star to another, and following the jirojection of the plani- 
sphere, and then I knew what to think of this quantity of 
animals with which the ancients had peopled the skies, perhaps 
for the want of the same number of men worthy of the honor." 

You, my young friends, who have books and masters to 
explain all these things, can you comprehend all the difficulties 
which Valentine Duval had to surmount before finding what 
he sought without assistance, and to what a high degree his 
desire for information must have arrived, to give him the 
courage to brave all the obstacles opposed by his ignorance, 
and the patience to surmount them ? Well, he had this 
patience and courage, and with them, as a recompense, a satis- 
faction both sweet and agreeable. All the days were to him 
full of delight, for self-instruction was his enjoyment; and at 
each step that he advanced in science, he found i)leasurc and 
profit. 

After studying and learning, imperfectly no doubt, the chart 
of the heavens, he next essayed to gain a knowledge of that of 



' the earth. He imagined to himself that he needed but to follow 
the track of some one of those of whom he read in Plutarch's 
Lives of lUustrious Men^ the Ilistory of Quintiiis Curtim, 
which he had read by accident, or the route taken by the army 
of the Paladins — books with which the library of the monks 
was replete. But having no other introduction to geography 
than the maps which he had purchased at Luneville, he could 
not, with all his efforts, comprehend what could be the meaning 
or the use of the circles traced upon the map of the world, such 
as tiie meridians, the tropics, and the zodiac. You may laugh 
at this, my young friends ; but recollect that Duval had no one 
to whom he could apply for the desired information, and which 
was necessary for him to know, yet the use of which he almost 
guessed. You know the little black lines upon the map wliich 
divide the equator, and which are 360 in number. Valentine 
Duval, by the force of reflection, imagined that there were so 
many leagues ; and one day, during a conversation with one of 
hermits, ho affirmed that the terrestrial globe was 300 leagues 
in circumference. 

{To he condimed.) 



h: T s 



T O lEij IT O IF 

O H TJ I^ O HI- 

{Continued.) 



THE 



ON the 1st of October, 184.5, General J. J. Hardin wrote to 
President l^oung, requesting him to have a list made out 
in schedule form of the ])ropcrty of different kinds and its 
valuation, belonging to the Saints, which had been destroyed 
by the mob. A communication was also received by the council 
in Nauvoo from J. J. Hardin, Stephen A. Douglas, W. B. War- 
ren and J. A. McDougal, stating that a meeting had been held 
in the State by the delegates from nine counties, the day 
previous, for the purpose of considering the case of the Latter- 
day Saints. At this meeting, they had understood, the propo- 
sition of the Saints to remove ia the Si)ring had been accepted. 
They stated that they were convinced that affairs had reached 
such a crisis that it was impossible for them to remain in the 
country. They confidently hoped and expected that the whole 
community would remove ; but should they fail to do so, they 
added, "we are satisfied, however much we may deprecate 
violence and bloodshed, that violent measures will be resorted 
to, to compel your removal, which will result in most disastrous 
consequences to yourselves and your opponents, and that the 
cud will be your expulsion from the State." 

Such were the expressed opinions of these officers of the 
State, for such they were, General Hardin and Judge Douglas, 
being members of Congress and the former, in command of the 
armed forces of the State; while W. B. Warren was a major in the 
militia, and J. A. McDougal was attorney general for the State. 
Because the religious beleif of the Saints did not accord with 
that of the community generally, the State could afford them 
no protection, but the whole body of them must be banished. 
The worst feature of the course taken by^these officials was that 
by avowing their belief that the State government was unable or 
not disposed to protect these law-abiding citizens in their rights, 
they encouraged and gave license to the reckless and blood- 
thirsty mob who had up to that time persecuted the 
Saints, burned their property, driven them from their homes, 
slain their leaders, and now sought to commit still further 
crimes. At the same time no one knew better than those same 
officials that the hundreds of desperate mobbers throughout the 
country only needed to have the assurance that their crimes 
would not be punished by law to cause them to continue with 
redoubled violence their wicked acts. 

In the (Juincy Wiiff, a paper published in Quincy, of Oct. 
1st, a number of resolutions passed by a mass meeting of citi- 



^?S^- 




J-TJ^EIsrilLiE IIsrSTI?.TJOTOie/. 



■^^§ 



4=7 



^^* 



^i 



o£ 



zens in that city were published; which were to the eifect that 
they were wUling to accept the proposition of the Saints to 
remove from the State in the Spring ; that they believed the 
Saints to be a persecuted people, but that they considered their 
grievances "to be the legitimate consequences of their own con- 
duet;" that it was too late to attempt to settle the difficulties 
in Hancock county except by causing the Saints to remove from 
the State ; that in their opinion the desired progress could not 
be made in preparing the way for the removal of the "Mor- 
mons" while J. B. Backenstos remained sheriff of the county, 
and that he ought to resign his office ; that the peop'e generally 
should be advised to suspend all legal prosecutions for alleged 
offenses dxu-ing the state of excitement which then existed; 
that in order to manifest their sympathy for the poor and suffer- 
ing, a committee should be appointed in Quincy with a treasurer 
to receive subscriptions from all citizens disposed to help wicli 
their means, to aid the Saints in removing ; that they should 
expect the old offending citizens of Hancock county to be 
allowed to return to their homes in peace without being arrested 
by the Sheriff and prosecuted for their crimes, etc. 

From this it will be seen that though the people of Quincy 
doubtless entertained more real friendship for the Saints than 
did those of any other city of the State, opposed to them, they 
did not possess that determination to see justice maintained and 
innocence vindicated that they should have done. In fact they 
took the very course to eueoui-age the enemies of the Saints to 
re-enact their bloody deeds on the first imagined provocation. 
The fiends in human form who had burned the property of and 
driven innocent women and children from their homes, while 
sick and suffering, without any means of shelter, and caused by 
it the death of many, were now to be allowed to go unpunished, 
while justice would have demanded as a penalty for their crimes 
that hundreds of them should have suffered imprisonment and 
others even death. 

Notwithstanding the troubles through which the Saints were 
I^assing, they felt generally remarkably cheerful and united. 
They felt that they were in the hands of God, and they were 
willing to leave the State and journey forth into the wilderness, 
as they should bo led, though they knew not where they should 
go to. About this time Elder Orson Pratt issued two messages 
from New York to the Saints in the Eastern and Bliddle States, 
announcing the end of American liberty, as indicated in the 
movement to expel the Saints from Llinois, enumerated their 
sufferings and fervently appealed to all connected with the 
Church in those parts to gather out and assist in the defense of 
their brethren and sisters, and in relieving their sufferings. 

On the 5th of October the Tenijile in Nauvoo was so far com- 
pleted as to admit ot a meeting being held in it. Just five and 
a half years had elapsed since the corner stone of the structure 
had been laid, that having been done on the Gtli of April, 1841. 
In that time the Saints in their poverty had accomjilished a 
most marvelous work in rearing it. Now it was entirely 
enclosed, with windows in, temporary floors laid, and pulpit 
and seats arranged to accommodate five thousand persons who 
assembled that day in general meeting within its walls for the 
first time. No General Conference of the Saints had been held 
for three years, the Prophet Joseph Smith having ordered that 
there should be no more baptisms for the dead until the ordin- 
ance could be attended to in the font of the Lord's House, and 
that the Church should not hold another General Conference 
until they could do so in that house. 

The Saints were now overjoyed at the prospeet of meeting in 
Conference on the morrow, and the Temjile so far as completed 
was dedicated to the Lord as "a monument of the Saints' 
liberality, fidelity and faith." 

On the following day the Saints assembled in General Con- 
ference in the Temple. It was continued for throe days during 
which time much good instruction was given, the Saints were 
stimulated to prepare for their removal and the necessary steps 



taken to organize in companies for traveling. In presenting 
the_ names of the authorities of the Church to the people for 
their acceptance, William Smith as one of the Twelve Apostles 
and Patriarch was objected to by Elder Parley P. Pratt, who 
felt that he could not sustain him whOe he continued in the 
course he had lately been taking. William Smith was a very 
aspiring man and not very sincere withal. Though his brethren 
connected with him in the Priesthood had done all in their 
power to encourage him in remaining steadfast in the faith, he 
had persisted in trying to create disunion in their midst, and by 
advancing false doctrine had caused many to be disaffected. In 
fact his conduct for some time previous had been anything but 
such as a Saint's and especially an Apostle's should be. The 
motion to sustain him in his office was put to the assembly and 
no one could be found to vote for him. His ofl5ce was therefore 
by unanimous vote taken from him, and on the following Sunday 
proof having been received in the meantime of certain acts of 
his, he was cut off" from the Church. 

President Brigham Young was continued as President of the 
Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, and the others of the Apostles, 
namely: Heber C. Kimball, Orson Hyde, Parley P. Pratl, 
Orson Pratt, John E. Page, WOlard Kichards, Wilford Wood- 
ruff, John Taylor, George A. Smith, and Lyman Wight were 
each presented and sustained with the exception of Lyman 
Wight, whose case was laid over until some of his actions 
could be investigated. 

(To be Continued.) 

■ :- '3<^S'9 ' 



AWBITEK in an English paper, gives the following sketch 
of Siberian prisons: 

Kasan, the town on the river Volga where the present lines 
are written, offers great advantages for the study of transport;i- 
tion to Siberia. It is the gathering place toward which 
convicts from all parts of Russia are dispatched in order to be 
afterwards sent to their destination. A great deal of impor- 
tant information on this subject is contained in the recent work 
of 3Iaximov, "Siberia and its Convict Prisons," a book written 
in Eussian, and therefore as yet nearly unknown in Western 
Europe. 

The system of transportation has, like most Russian institu- 
tions, undergone a profound change for the better during the 
present reign. Since 1867 no western observer could witness 
those terrible marches of fettered prisoners, driven on like 
herds of cattle by mounted Cossacks, which form one of the 
principal horrors in many of the still current books on Russia. 
The convicts at present arrive in Kasan by water conveyance 
on the Volga. To that river they are sent by rail. The long 
journey from Kasan to Tomsk, in Siberia, is again almost 
entirely performed by water on the rivers Volga, Kama, Tur, 
Tobal, Irtish, Ob and Tom. Only from the river Kama to the 
river Tur (from Perm to Tjumen), across the mountainous 
boundary between Europe and Asia, the prisoners are carried 
on carts drawn by the three-horse teams (troiki) of the Russian 
post service. 

The floating prisons in which the prisoners travel on the 
rivers are large barges towed by powerful steamers. These 
barges are very conveniently constructed. Below deck there is 
but one cabin, sufficiently aired and lighted — the principal 
prison-room. The guard-room, the oflice and tlie kitchen arc 
on the deck, of which they occupy less than one-third. The 
rest of the deck forms a large cage; iron posts support a roof of 
sheet iron, and between the jiosts a net of thick iron wire is 
extended — at once the safest and airiest of prisons. Tliis 
floating prison would be very comfortable if it were not so 
terribly overcrowded. ^Vater conveyance is in these high 
latitudes limited to less than twenty weeks in the year, and the 







sar 



48 



J- TJ ^ E InT I L E insrSTI^TJOTOI^ 




most has, therefore, to be made of it. Neither the prison- 
barges nor the temporary prisons in Kasan and other to^vns are 
nearly sufficient for tlie convicts; the numbers coufiued in tliem 
are on an average nearly double those for which the localities 
are constructed. This overcrowding is easily supported by 
convicts who see only a few days in the temporary pi-isons, and 
by the prisoners in the cage, where the air is always fresh. In 
the cabins of the floating prisons, however, and in Kasan, 
during the winter, the air breathed by the convicts is foul 
beyond description. The only consolation is that sickness and 
mortality in the convict gaol of Kasan is not excessive. 

A glance into one of the prison cages discloses a very curious 
picture. Most prisoners wear the convicts garb, which is as 
ugly here as in other countries; a kind of cloak with sleeves, of 
a dirty drab cjlor, disfigured by the letters SIB. (Siberia) on 
the back; these letters bchig inlaid in yellow doth. A shape- 
less cap of the s;ime material as the cloak completes the costume, 
which seems to answer its i)urpose very well, for the cloth is 
thick and firm. Even under that uniform garb many national 
types may be distinguislied ; from the stolid, flat-faced Fiimish 
tribes, some of them almost like Esquimaux, to the sharp 
features of the Jew, and the beautiful face and form of the Cir- 
cassian mountaineer. The wearing of the prison garb seems 
besides not to be obligatory even for the greatest criminals, and 
many of them wear entirely or partly their own clothing; the 
Circassian, the nati jnal cloak with its rows of cases for car- 
tridges sewn on the l)reast-cloth, an<l the shaggy fur cap; the 
Tartar, the pointed felt hat over the skull-eaj) which covers his 
shaven head, and the long castan ; the Russian peasant, his 
greasy great-coat of sheepskin. jMost prisoners have good, 
well-shaped boots, which guard their ankles against the frictidu 
of the chain; others wear the national foot-clothing of linden- 
bast over the rags which they tie round their feet and legs. 
The only chains worn are fetters attiiched to the two ankles, and 
lifted up in the middle by means of a strap fastened up to the 
luins (I believe by a >.irdle). These chains are not very heavy, 
and the prisoners walk freely enough with them ; yet the 
clinking of the irons makes one shudder. Such chains are worn 
only by those who are sentenced to hard laljor, while those who 
arc sentenced merely to settle in Siberia wear no chains what- 
ever. 

Groups of women and children are mixed up with the male 
prisoners; the women being in the pn)portion of about one to 
sis and the ehildnui one to twelve to the men. Two-thirds of 
the wonii'n are likewise convicts, the remainder and all the 
children are merely passengers. Eor the Russian Government, 
in order to encourage emigration, ofl"ers free passages to the 
families of all those that are sent out to Siberia, an advantage 
generally ainpreciated by the wives, though as yet vei-j' little by 
the hu-sbands of convicts. In ISGO, the last year for which 
Maximov gives the statistics, 0,000 male prisoners were accom- 
panied by ,"26 free women and /iOO children, while 700 women 
were ac<^mpaiiied only by four free men. 






[Ki>rihe ./ui'<>irl' Ifi.ilruri,,r. 
G50GRAPHICAU CHARAD=. 



II T J O S E r II II . 1' A II K V 



I ftlll ftilllpv»fie<l of J-1 Ictt^TS; 

My '.I, r>, •'•, is a lake io CliliicHC Tartnry; 

My 7, 1, 7, 0, is n Bca In Asia; 

My 1:5, 5, I, lo, 1-3, In a pidaU river In Aiislria; 

My 11, 'i, 12, H, 11, H, 8, 12, ie u inoiiiil in Kiiropc; 

My 1, 10, ;i, 5, 12, II, is a city in .Soiitli Ainurica, 

.My vrliolc is a eca cuaBt town in Atia. 



Tiir anewer Io llic ('Imnido in No. 4 is CONI'DIiENCK. Cornet 
polations have liccn rcrcivcd from Joerpli licntlcy, Moroni .Snow, .St. 
(Jcorttc; Sarah Ann Jamcf, raradisc; EUin rolland, Joseph II. 
I'arry, City. 



tUttti ^odtJ^» 



iDK.ESsi3Nrc3- FOi?. oehui^gh:. 



lias unylioily heard the bell ? 

You litiTC ? Dear me, I know full well 

I'll never dress in time — 
For luerey's s:ike, eoinc help mo, T.ucle, 
I'll make my toilet quite spi'ucc — ■ 

This bilk is quite subhmcl 

Here laee this gaiter for me — do, 
" A liolc!" you say! Plague tukc tlic shoe! 
I'lcase, Lueie, try and hide it — 
Just think, it's Sunday, and, my soul, 
I can not wear it with a hole ! 
The men will surely spy it. 

They're alwa.vs pcepiug at onr feet 
(Tho', to lie sure, they need n't peep, 

The way we hold our dresses.) 
I'll disappoint them, thouijh, to-day! 
" And cross myself," pray did you Bay ? 
Dou't laugh at my disti esses. 

Now, TjUfie, pray feel my waterfall, 

Do vou think it large ':* ain't it to small ? 

What botlier those things give. 
l\[y rats and mioe, do llicy sit straight? 
Please liuny, Lueie, I know I'm late — 

There's Willie, as I live, 

How splendidly the silk will rustle! 
(I'lease hand m.v "self-adjusting bustle," 

Jly eorset and my hoopa.) 
There, now, I'll take five skirts or six — 
Uo hurrj', Lucie, and help mc lix. 

You know I ean not stoop I 

" How shall I say my prayers to-day ?" 
As if girls went to church to pray ! 

How call you be so foolish ■:■ 
Here damp this ribbon in eologiic; 
" What for'^" to paint, you silly oue! 
Now, Lucie, don't be mulish. 

Now, then, my hat — liow he abhors 
Tins thiuii^t's as big as all out doors — 

The frinlitful sugar-scoop! 
Tiiaiik heavens, my eloalv is liandsome too, 
It cost euounh to be, I know — 
(Straighten this horrid hoop!) 

My handkerchief and gloves you'll find 
Just in the drawer, Lucie, are you blind V 

(Uoes my dress trail 'i) 
It's all the fashion, now, you know, 
(I'ruy, docs the paint and jiowdershow 
Through my loose veil ":") 

Thank you, my dear, I believe I'm dressed; 
Tlie saints be jiraised! the day of rest 

Comes only once in seven, 
For if, on all the other six, 
This li'oubie 1 should have to lix, 

I'd never go to heaveu. 



asked a new lioy. 



A snriioi.-TK.vcilKU asked a new lioy, "Who made the 
:lonous universe ?" but the boy could not tell. So the teacher 
got the bireli, and told ihi! boy, if he didn't tell, he would whip 
him. The boy looked at the whip, and sniveled out, "I'lease, 
sir, I did ; but 1 won't do it again I" 



Is inil.libhod iu .Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVKIIY ()Tin:K SATiniHAY. 

GEORGE Q. CANNON. EDITOR & PUBLISHE;'. 

Sinyle Copy, per Annum |2 50. 

^ (Irnin liroiiirht to thin rity for the Jiivr.Nii.K iNSTBUOToit will b ■ 
nciivid at the oince of our |miKr— 1>k»kki;t Nkws l!mi,i)IN<i8. 



-i^^^, 




