
^p 



VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, AUGUST ], 18G8. 



NO. 15. 



THE T m^ :Hj E H E B S. E "VST" S 



IN the engraving which we give below you see a large city 
with splendid buildings. You can also pcrc ive a large 
image; it looks like a monument. The multitudes of people 
which you see seem to be bowing down to it as if they were 
worshiping it. To the left of the picture there is a large 
opening, that seems to be all ablaze, as though it were a fur- 
nace. In the foreground of the picture is a man with a crown 
upon his head. He is evidently a king. 

By this time you all ought to be able to tell what this repre- 
sents. There has been something already published about 
this in the Instrucior, and you ought to recollect it. 

The account of this scene which you here behold, is found 
in the book of Daniel, which is one of the books of the Bible. 
Nebuchadnezzar was king 
of Babylon. He had cap- 
tured Jerusalem, and car- 
ried away the children of 
J u d a h into Babylon. 
Among the captives were 
Daniel, Hananiah, Mish- 
ael and Azariah. They 
are called children in the 
Bible, and they must have 
been very young at the 
time they were taken to 
Babylon. Th'ny were cho- 
sen to be taught in all the 
knowledge, learning and 
language of their conquer - 
ors. They had other 
names given to them also. 
Daniel was called Bclte 
Bhazzar; Hananiah was 
called Shadrach; Misliael 
was called Me.shaeb, and 
Azariah was called AbeJ- 
ncgo. These young men, Daniel cspefially, became great men 
in I5abyl(jn. l)aiiiel was made the ruler ov :r the whole province 
of Babylon, and his companions, at hLs re |uest, were placed to 
as.-ist him. 

But Nebuchadnezzar, though he had given Daniel, who was a 
prophet and si.Tvant of the true frod, such honor, could not 
forget his idolatry. He made a large imago of gold; and lie 
set it up in a plain, so that the piojile could see it. After he 
had set it up, he wanted to dedicate it, and he sent out ami 
gathered all the princes, governors and other ollicers of his 
kingdom together to the dedication. When they had conic 
togctlier a herald proclaimed to them what they had to do. It 




is not likely that they printed newspapers in those days, or the 
king would not have had a herald crying out to them what to 
do; he would have published a programme in the papers, and 
then everybody could have seen it and read it for themselves. 
His programme was, that as soon as the}' all heard the sound 
of the music, which was to be plaj'ed on the occasion, they 
were to fall down and worship the image he had set up. If 
they did not fall down and worship it, they were to be cast into 
the midst of a burning fiery furnace! 

Some of his people were watching Shadrach, Meshach and 
Abednogo, and went and told him that they did not worship 
the image he had set up. We are not tolti how Daniel escaped; 
no mention is made of him, yet he would not worship an idol. 

Nebuchadnezzar was very 
angry when he was told 
that these Jews would 
not worship his idol, and 
he sent for them. He 
told them they must wor- 
ship the image he had 
made, or he would roast 
them in the big furnacei 
and said he, "who is that 
God that shall deliver you 
out of my hands?" 

They told him the God 
they served was able to 
deliver them out of his 
hands; but whether He 
would do so or not made 
no difference, they would 
not worship his golden 
image. 

This reply made the 
king furious. He ordered 
the fiunace to be made 
seven liiiies hotter than it was before! and he commanded the 
most mighty men he had in his army to bind them and throw 
them into it. They tied them, and threw them, with their 
coats, hats and other clothes on, into the furnace. The king 
wa.s in such a hurry to have this done, and the furnace was so 
hot, that the flames killed the men who threw thorn in. 

Nebuchadnezzar soon roso uji in a great hurry. He atked 
his counselors if they had not thrown three men bound into 
the midst of the fire. They told him they had. He answered 
that lic! saw four men walking around loose in the midst of the 
fire; they were not luirt, and, says he, "the form of the fourth 
is like the Son of CJod." It seems that he knew considerable 



5 





;V, 






'i;<i 



jL 



^ 
% 

C^'* 



about tlie true God; at an}' rate he knew that He had a Son. 
Doubtless Daniel had told him. God gave him the power to 
see Him, and he appeared to know who He wa.s. 

He went to the mouth of the burning fierj* furnace and 
called Shadraoh, Mechach and Abednego, "ye servants of the 
most high God,'' to come forth. Thoy stepp' d out of the fire 
in the presence of the king and all the great men of the king- 
dom, and tlieir coats were not changed, their hair was not 
singed and there was not the least smell of fire about them! 
Then the king praised the God of Shadrach, iMeshach and 
Abednego, who had sent His angel and delivered His servants 
who trusted in Him. He made a decree that all people who 
should speak anything amiss against the God of Shadraoh, 
Meshach and Abednego, should be cut in pieces, and their 
houses be made into a dunghill! ''because, said he, "there is 
no other God that can deliver after this sort." He then pro- 
moted these three servants of God in the province of Babylon. 

Children, remember the le.s.son taught in this story all the 
days of your lives. Be true to your God; never forsake Him, 
and He will never for.<ake you. Though your lives may be at 
stake, do not flinch; but put your trust in God, and whither 
you live or die, He will overrule everything for your good, 



THIS STOIE^IT OIF 

lis'clcctcd /ruin Jacob Ahbult'a Writinija. 



PRESENTLY a gentle breeze began to blow again, and at 
length, a few days afterward, just at sunset, a sailor 
climbed up to a high place on the stern to look out, and im- 
mediately shouted, in a very loud and excited manner, "Land! 
Land! ' They all hastened to the place, and there they saw, 
as they thought, a line of coast like that of an island, extend- 
ing along the horizon in the southwestern j.iart of the sky. 

The land proved to be nothing but a cloud. This was a 
great disapiiointmcnt. Still Columbus wmild not despair. He 
insisted on proceeding, and for a fortnight more the fleet went 
on. The patience of the sailors was then exhausted! They 
declared that they would go no farther, and as Columbus 
would not yield, they mutinied against him, and were about to 
throw him into the sea, when one evening they caught .sight of 
a coast-fish swimming by, and very soon afterward they saw 
a small branch of a thorn-tree, with berries on it, floating in 
the water, and a sort of staff with figures carved upon it, which 
m-u.-it have been cut by the hand of man. Columbus told the 
sa'iiors that he was confident that they would all see land the 
next moriiing. 

He himself sat up all night to watch. The vessels sailed on. 
Near midinglit he thought he caught the sight of lights glim- 
mering, as if on a sliore. He went down, in his joy, into the 
cali'in, to eall one or two of his officers up to lo''k. They came, 
and soon they saw a torch moving and waving. Colundjus 
was overjoyed. He remained on the look-out all night, and in 
the moruiriL', as soon as it was lii;ht, the land, in the shape of 
long and bcantifully-irtoodeJ shores, came out fully to view. 

Of course, the «hc,le company of voyagers on board the 
several ships were greatly exciU'd at the spectacle. The air 
was filled with Urds ftf beautiful phimage, and perfumes of 
tropical j.lants nod trees, wafted <'ri)m the sh )res, awakened 
their saiBses to an intoxication of delight. The natives, too, 
were seen gathered in groups at all the prominent point.s along 
the .skore, gazing with aiHar.emetit at the ships, wondering 
apparently what they could he 

Columbus prepared to laml. H<! dressed himself in a 
splendid military dress embruidered with gijlj. The chiei' 



officers of the ships, bearing banners in their handS; and pres- 
ents for the natives, accompanied him. He went to the shore 
in a small boat. He stepped out upon the sand elated with 
the most exalted feeling of pride and joy, and with a, heart 
full of gratitude to God for having brought his hazardous en- 
terprise thus to a successful termination. 

As soon as all had landed from the boat, they kneeled down 
and chanted a hymn of thanksgiving and praise to God. 
Then ri.sing, Columbus formally made proclamation that he 
took pos.'session of the land in the name of the King and Queen 
of Spain. 

And thus was the existence of America first discovered by 
the European nations. 

The shore on which Columbus first landed proved to be one 
of the West India islands. He named the country West India 
becau.se he then suppo.sed that it was a part of the same India 
that had been known before to Europeans, and had been 
reached by tra\elers to the east. It was afterward found that 
there was a very wide ocean intervening between the land that 
Columbus discovered and the Indies of ancient times; but the 
new discoveries still retained the name of West Indies which 
Columbus had given them. 

After Columbus had thus found the way to American shores, 
a great many other expeditions Were fitted out by different ad- 
venturers, and so, at length, in the course of a hundred years, 
the whole eastern part of the continent was explored. The 
chief object of most of these expeditions was to procure 
gold and silver, and other such treasures, which were obtained 
in various Ways from the natives in the West India islands and 
Mexico. It was not till a great many years had passed away 
that any permanent settlements were made on that part of the 
coast which now belongs to the United States. 

The first of these permanent settlements was made in Virginia, 
in l!>0'.i, more than a hundred years after America was discov- 
ered. There wore attempts made to establish colonies about 
twenty years before, but they had been defeated in consequence 
of a foolish and wicked quarrel which the settlers fell into with 
the Indians. They thought that it was their wisest policy to 
treat the Indians with great severity, in order to intimidate 
them; but they made a woeful mistake. The Indians were 
only exasperated. The consequence was, that the colonists 
were entirely destroyed, and the work of settling the country 
by Europeans was put off" for twenty years. 

The circumstances of the case were these: When tlie colo- 
nists first landed from their ships, they were received by tlie 
Indians very kindly. They were allowed to sail up the river 
without any molestation, and to land and ex|)lore the country 
in all directions. They had constant intercourse with the In- 
dians by signs, and all things went on very harmoniously, until 
at length, one day, a silver cup Was mi.ssed from the camp. 
They thought that some of the Indians must have stolen it. 
A difficulty arose on this account, and, in the end, the English, 
wishing to strike terror into the minds of the savages, attacked 
and destroyed one of their villages of wigwams, and burned 
their fields of corn, as a punishment for stealing the cup, and 
failing to discover and give up the thief The jioor Indians fled 
in dismay. They could not openly resist, for they had nowcaj)- 
ons with which they could meet a foe provided with fire-arms. 
They, however, secretly resolved on revenge. 

When the vessels which had brought the coinjiany of colon- 
ists over, had gone back to England, and the colonists them- 
selves wore left alone, one of the Indians came to the settlement, 
and told the white men wonderful stories of a place that he 
couM shojv them, up one of the rivers, were they could find 
plenty of gold. The colonists sent a party of men, with the 
Indian for a guide, to see the jilace; but the Indian, instead of 
showing them a gold mine, led them into an ambu.icade, where. 



9^^" 




a 



Vol- 3 Ho 



Cr TJ "V E IsT I L Ei 



InTSTI^/TJOTOI^.^ lis 



to their surprise and consternation, they were suddenly attacked 
by a shower of arrows issuing from a thicket. 

The colonists foolishly resolved to punisli this treachery by 
worse treachery of their own. They sent for one of the principal 
Indian chiefs to come and visit them at their camp. He came 
with a few followers. As soon as he was in their power, the 
whites fell upon and massacred the chief himself and all who 
were with him. 

The Indians were now incensed beyond measure, and they 
took every means in their power to harass the colonists, and, if 
possible, destroy them. They finally succeeded, and, some 
time afterward, when more ships came from England to bring 
stores and supplies fur the colonists, they found nothing on the 
spot where they had been left but banes bleaching in the sun. 

These attempts to colonize Virginia were made through the 
influence and under the g'neral direction of a distinguished 
Englishman of wealth and high rank, named Sir Walter Ral- 
eigh. He lived in the reign of Queen Elizabeth. Queen 
Elizabeth was an unmarried lady, and it was in honor of her 
that the part of America which llaleigh attempted to settle was 
called Virginia. 

(To be Continued.) 



UitcU KtJ^goF^'^ Wi%l% 






"VISIT 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

^sixi-v I . 



THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 



^r^x 



[CONTINUED.] 

MARY and Ellen had obtained a very pleasant scat in the 
cars by the side of the window, and could look out at the 
fields, villages and farms that they rapidly passed; for this 
was a special train, one that was run between the other trains 
for the accommodation of the Saints, and it moved rapidly. 
No one seemed inclined to talk, the early morning was raw and 
cold, and the pain of parting with dear friends had chilled the 
licart and left an inclination to nurse grief in silence. The 
train dashed along, the sun arose in its beauty, they were out 
of the fogs and gloom into the open country. Some few 
began to sing a song of Zion, which chased the gloom away, 
and a feeling of peace aud resignation succeeded the feeling 
of grief. 

Mary and Ellen wore delighted, and kept up an incessant 
small talk. As they passed the stations, it seemed as though 
the stations were running away from them in an opposite di- 
rection, and caused much fun for the light-hearted girls. As 
the day wore on, it became warmer, so that they could have 
the windows dnwn and see out more clearly. Now they passed 
through the glurious country, where the fanners wore busy plcjw- 
ing, sowing and harrowing; there through a manufacturing 
town, with its noi.se of factories and machinery, its smoke, dirt, 
and toil. Here was a beautiful numsion with its well laid out 
grounds and oiiltivatcd acres; then the cottages of the toiling 
millions hudilli'd tugelher, and their children half-naked Jilay- 
ing in the dirt, hcjlding uj) their bands, and dancing as the 
train rolled on regardless alike of wealth and jioverty. 

At last they stop at a station. "Stop here (|uarter of an 
hour!" shouts the guard as he opens the doors along the train. 
Off goes the cmginc to take more water. The passengers leave 
the cars and walk up and down the platform. Some hasten to 
the refresmcnt room. Fathers of families carry water to their 



wives and children, to quench their thirst. Loungers inquire 
if this is an excursion train. They are told "These are the 
Mormons going to their Zion in America." "Poor dupes," 
says one. "They seem cleanly, intelligent people," remarks 
another. "The Government should put a stop to tliis delusion," 
says a third; but no one gives them credit for their faith and 
self-denial, none understand that these pilgrims are fleeing to 
the mountains according to the commandments of God. 

The ringing of a large bell warns everybody to be seated as 
the quarter of an hour has expired. The engine comes pufling 
along and is attached to the train, the guard blows a shrill 
whistle to inform the engineer that all are in the cars and ready 
to start. The shrill scream of the engine sounds through the 
station, and onward they roll to. Liverpool. When they reached 
there, awaiting them on the platform stood the president of the 
conference. He selected a few of the brethren to assist to load 
up the luggage into the wagons and carts that were awaiting 
their arrival. The luggage was speedily loaded, and away they 
went through the crowded streets of Liverpool, down to the 
docks, where lay the clipper ship Goloonda. The luggage 
was unloaded, and all that was not needed stowed away in the 
hold. The president then gave them their tickets and the 
number of their berths, instructing them to make their beds 
and fix their boxes, carpet sacks, and tin ware, so that when 
they were out to sea thej' would not be flying all over the ship. 

In a very short time all were busy fixing up their berths and 
preparing supper. Blary and Ellen had a very pleasant berth 
with their parents. The berths were arranged all around the 
ship, at one end the single men had berths, and at the other 
the single ladies; the married folks and families occupying the 
centre. There was a round window in the side of the ship that 
came in the berth of Mary and Ellen, through which they 
could see the shipping that filled the dock. Papa went to work, 
and being a mechanic, soon fixed all his sacks, tin ware, etc. 
Mamma and the girls made the beds and in a very short time 
they were comfortably settled in their berths. Then papa 
helped his neighbors, and assisted them to make fast their 
boxes, etc., that they would require on the sea voyage. A very 
pleasant spirit was the result, and every one seemed willing to 
accomodate his neighbor. Then the president appointed a 
temporary chaplain to call them to evening and morning prayer 
until they should be properly organized. Supper was soon dis- 
patched, and they assembled for prayer; and soon silence 
reigned around; for all were weary with their day's journey and 
excitement; and thus was spent the first night on ship board. 
( To he Cuntinucd.) 



THE AMERICAN BEAVER.— They are social and live in 
the family relation. Their burrows, canals, dams, and winter 
supplies are held in common. They reach their full growth at 
two years and a half, and live from twelve to fifteen years. 
The cry resembles that of a child. The young are sent out to 
care for themselves when two years old. They migrate freelj'. 
Their lodges usually have two entrances, leading to the inner 
chandjer, which is raised above the water. One of the entrances 
is for the supplies of wood. Their food is exclusively vegetable, 
and they chip up large trees fur their use. Usually, but two 
individuals work on a single tree. The shallow ponds they 
construct do not freeze solid even around Hudson's Jiay. 
Their canals are built to float wood to their lodges, and about 
three fecc deep and eipuilly wide. They are sometimes con- 
structed to shorten the distance. The so called beaver meadows 
are caused by the destruction of vegetation, arising from over- 
flows created by the dams. The "slides" are excavations at an 
angle of from 4.') to M degrees, to facilitate the movements of 
the animals where the banks are high. Young beavers are 
easily domesticated. — Selected. 



h^3^-- 




6^ lis 



CTTJ^iElTILEl IlsTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



'ft'* 



%U iit^tmU ittslt^udop. 



F' 






GEORGE Q. CA>'>'0>% : EI>lTOTt. 

AUGUST 1, 18 68. 




CORRESPONDENT, whe takes great 
interest in Sunday schools, writes and 
says: 

"I am pleased in jierusing the pages of 
tlie Juvenile Instructor, and noticing 
its fitness for our youth, and would be 
glad to see it enlarged and made the 
organ of correspondence for our Sunday 
School Union." 
It would suit us exactly to have corres- 
pondence on everything connected with the 
Sunday schools in the columns of the Istruc- 
TOR, and this can be published without it being 
enlarged. AVe have been disappointed at not 
receiving more correspondence than we have 

n superintendents, teachers and others connected 

with Sunday schools in this city and throughout the 
Territory. The chief object in publishing the Juve.n- 
ILE Instructor has been to give an impulse to the 
eduoation of the children of this Territory in the 
principles of our religion. Children cannot be educated as 
they should without Sunday schools. Hence, we have always 
urged their importance, and should have been pleased to have 
had brief correspondence from those connected with them, 
setting forth their progress and everything that would be inter- 
esting to all those engaged in Sunday schools throughout the 
Territory. 

Our correspondent also alludes to the Sunday School Union, 
and asks whether the committee has taken any measures to 
give the various schools a plan upon which they can unite in 
teaching. If so, he says, he has never heard anything about 
it. In reply to this, we can say for ourself that we have met 
with a good many Sunday schools in the city — we have not let 
any opportunity escape us when we have had time— and have 
given the superintendents and teachers our ideas of the best 
method of conducting their schools. These visits have been 
most pleasant, and they have given us convincing proofs of the 
great good that is being accomplished, through the agency of 
Sunday schools, among the juveniles. Wo have been nmch 
surprised at the proficiency many of the schools have attained. 
We have cjucstioned them upon Church historj- and doctrine, 
and have been answered with a correctness that was most 
gratifying, and that spoke highly for the diligence of the 
teachers and the aptitude of the scholars. We believe we can 
pick schools in this city that can answer more questions correctly 
upon points of Church history than the same number of Elders 
picked up promiscuously would be able to do. And very few 
children will ever forget what they are taught upon these 
subjects. They gain knowledge that will cling to them through 
life. We have not yet^had time to visit the school with which 
our correspondent is connected; but hope soon to be able to 
give it a call. Wlien we do, we shall, without doubt, find it 
conducted upon the proper plan. 

There seems to be but little difRculty in getting at the right 
plan of managing these schools. The superintendents are 
generally men of experience, and they have taken hold of their 
duties understandingly. In some of the Wards the superinten- 



dents and teachers, however, have had nuiny difficulties to 
contend with. These have had their origin in the indifference 
and carelessness of the Bishop and leading men of the Ward. 
There are many of the schools which are scarcely ever visited 
by the Bishops. They do not encourage the superintendents 
by their countenance or support. Where this is the ca.se the 
labor of keeping up the school is very great It is difiicult to 
obtain teachers, and the children themselves become indifi'cr- 
ent. This is a most unfortunate condition of things wherever 
it exists. It is unfortunate for the Bishop that he cannot see 
how he can best advance the people under his care and build 
up his Ward — it is unfortunate also for the people and their 
children that they have a Bishop who is so short-sighted. The 
children who receive a thorough Sunday school training, will 
make most useful and valuable members of society; tlcy will 
have faith and will be intelligent and obedient. The Bishop 
who fosters Sunday .schools, and encourages those engaged in 
conducting them, and urges upon parents the necessity of 
sending their hildren to them, is laying the foundation for the 
future greatness and excellence of his Ward. 



How much better it is to be busily employed, to be indus- 
trious and improve our time, than to be idle and indiffer- 
ent as to whether we aceomplibh anything in life or not. We 
should ever have for our aim the accomplishment of some 
good, some useful act, that we may have the esteem and regard 
of those with whom we associate and the approval of our 
Heavenly Father. He has placed us here upon earth to be 
useful, to make our lives noble by our own acts, if we will, and 
secure by our own exertions glory and honor and salvation. 
But, says some little Juvenile Reader, "What can I do to be 
useful? How can I do good? I cannot go on a mission. I 
cannot preach nor baptize, nor bring any into the kingdom of 
God. I cannot even earn the food I eat nor the clothes I 
wear, but have to be dependent on my parents for these thing.-, 
and so I do not see how I can do any good." 

Time enough, you cannot accomplish all this non while you 
are young; but there are many other ways in which you can be 
useful, there are many little acts that you are capable of per- 
forming, by which you may make those around you happy and 
plea.se your Father in Heaven. By doing cheerfully and will- 
ingly all that is given you to do, without a murmuring and 
complaining spirit; by kindness to your younger brothers and 
sisters, and obedience to your parents and teachers, you will 
secure for yourself a good name and the respect of all by whom 
you are known, and at last be able to accomplish greater 
things; for "He who is faithful over a few things, shall be 
made ruler over many." 

Do you ever think when you lie down at night that you are 
one day older than you were the night befuie, that you have 
one day less to live, and ask yourselves have you spent that 
day as you should. Can you go to sleep feeling hajjpy and 
with a clear conscience? Did you pray for God to help you to 
do right, and to give you his Holy Sjiirit to enable you to over- 
come evil and folly? Did you commence the day by doing 
pleasantly and cheerfully all that was required of you and by 
casting away every evil thought that entered your mind? If 
you did not, that day will cause you unhaiipy refl(!ctions and 
you will feel a consciuusncss of not having acci nqilished any 
good; and if you allow numy such days to pass away, your lite, 
too, will soon jjass away williout beitig made noble. 

'J'hen strive to live for something; live tn do good; live to 
secure an honorable position among the sons and daughters of 
earth and a name with the cho.scn of the ].,ord in His kins- 
dom. Live rightec.usly every day, for, "Everyday is a little 
life, and our life is but a day repeated." IIasitha. 



'JCp 




0" TJ ^ E I^T Z L E] 

NO- IS 






117 



Jfor the Juvenile Instructor, 




AJiONG the most valuable gifts that our Father in Heaven 
has bestowed upon man, are the various animals which as 
beasts of burden, conduce to his happiness and lighten his toil. 
The Esquimaux, in his frozen home, relies on his teams of 
many dogs to convey him and his goods from place to place. 
Tlie Laplander has his reindeer which swiftly draw their 
master's sleigh over the ice and snow of their native land. We, 
in these temperate climes, are greatly blessed in this respect; we 
hSve the stately horse, the sure fnoted mule, the patient ass, 
the plodding ox to do our bidding and carry our loads. The 
inhabitant of Peru and Bolivia owns his flocks of lamas to pack 
his burden over the almost inaccesible hides of the Andes. The 
East Indian boasts the huge elephant as his servant; while the 
Arab-is blessed with an animal just suited to his wants to cross 
the burning sands of the great deserts amid which he dwells. 
We mean the Camel, a picture of sevoral of which, with their 
master.Si we present to-dp.y. 

The camel has been well named "the ship of the desert". 
Without it, it would be almost impossible to cross the terrible 
wastes of waterless deserts 
that cover a large portion 
of Arabia and Northern 
Africa. This beast carries 
his food and water with 
him. In the first place it 
has an extra cavity in its 
stomach, designed to rC' 
ceive water whenever it 
can be procured, and ca- 
pable of retaining it un- 
changed for a long time. 
Thus it can go without 
water for seven or eight 
days together without in- 
jury. But^ stranger still, it 
is provided with a store- 
house of food, from which 
it can draw supplies when 
it can find no grass or 
herbs around. This store- 
house consists of one or 
two large humps on its 
back. When the camel 
is in a fertile region these humps become large and plump; 
but, after a long journey in the wilderness, they become shriv- 
elled and small; the camel has been drawing all the fat out of 
them. Is not this wonderful, children? Does it not manifest 
10 us the kindness of God toward all his children in providing 
an animal so strangely adapted to these arid, barren deserts? 

There are two kinds of camels. Those with two humps arc 
generally called camels: those with one hump are styled drom- 
edaries. The native land of these useful creatures extends 
from Morocco all along tiie northern parts of Africa and east- 
ward through Arabia, Palestine, Persia, Mongolia, and Tartary 
as far as China. 

These animals possess greater strength and activity than 
most beast") of burden. They are docile, patient in hunger or 
thirst, and contented with a very little of the coarsest food. 
But we cannot .say it is very beautiful. The humps un its back 
do not look very graceful; but when we remember the gudd 
purpo.-ie i'or which God has placed them thure we forgot their 
uglines.s. Its body is stout, its neck long and crooked, its 
limbs slender. To the Arab and other wanderers in the desert 
it is at once wealth, subsistence, and protection. Its milk 



forms a large portion of their food, and the flesh of the young 
camel is a great treat. Of its skin they form tents, or manu- 
facture it into saddles, harness, shields, pitchers and many 
other articles. The hair or wool from off its back is made into 
cloth. So, you see, in life or death it is very valuable to its 
masters. 

The camel is taught when very young to carry small loads. 
This load is gradually increased as it grows stronger and 
bigger, until, when they are full grown, they will carry six 
hundred to one thousand pounds, thirty or thirty five miles a 
day according to their strength and size. Those trained for 
swiftness will travel seventy or eighty miles a day; but of 
couree with only a hght load. It is said the camels know 
quite well when enough is put on their backs, and that they 
will not move an inch when they think they have too great a 
load, until enough is taken off to satisfy them. 

The Arabs ride on their backs on a saddle hollowed out in 
the middle. You see what they aie like in the picture. 
Perhaps some of you would like to ride on the back of a camel. 
At first you would think that it was rather a dangerous mode 
of traveling, as the camel goes at a high and swinging trut 
which at fii-st feels very unpleasant; but when one gets used to 

it enough to feel safe he 
can ei.j ly it. When a 
caravan of camels arrives 
at a resting or baiting 
place they kneel, and the 
cords sustaining the load 
being untied, the bales 
slip down on each side. 
They generally sleep on 
their bellies, crouching 
between the bales they 
have carried; the load is, 
therefore, very easily re- 
placed. The average 
length of a camel's life is 
forty to fifty years. 

The camel appears to 
have Ijeen used as a beast 
of burden I'rom the earliest 
times. Tht y are very often 
mentioned in the Bible, 
from the age of the patri- 
archs to the days of Christ, 
and are referred to as 
being used in war by the armies of the various nations who 
from time to time invaded Canaan and afflicted its people. 

G. K. 




REPLACE THE STONE.— One day General Wa.shington 
and some of his officers while staying at Boston, went to visit 
Chelsea. On their way they stopped to rest and refresh them- 
selves at the seat of Mr. Dexter, a beautiful spot, surrounded 
by stately elras and green fields. They alighted, and after 
securing their horses under the trees, went to partake of the 
good ohcer within. 

As they came out, one of the gentlemen accidentally knocked 
off a stone from the wall which ran before the house. Wash- 
ington told him he had better replace the stone. 

"No," answered the officer; "I will leave that for somebody 
else." 

Washington then wont quijtly and put the stone up again, 
saying, as ho did so: 

"I always make it a rule in visiting a place, to leave things iu 
as good order as 1 find them." 



I 





a"XJ^Ei:LTILE IISrSTI^TJGTOI?,. 



I 



J:x^ 



K c -t 




I , izu)^ 






For the Juvejiile Instructor. 

IF- I I?. E . 



TWO huiiilred years ago chemistry was very imperfectly 
understood; if that science had flourished in the remote 
ages of antii|uity, which jirobably was the case, that know- 
ledge had been lost. This may account for the ignorance 
manifested in those comparatively modern times when men 
believed in the existence of only four elements — earth, air, 
fire and water, from which all things were said to be com- 
jiounded; when they believed in the possibility of discovering 
an earth which would transmute the baser metals, as lead and 
copper, into silver and gold, and in producing a cordial which 
would cure all diseases and jirolong life indefinitely. These 
ideas of the "philosopher's stone" and the "elixir of life" 
have not entirely died out even yet — bogus, or metal jewelry, 
"life pills" and "soothing syrups," are their representatives. 

li is now known that earth, air and water are compounds; 
that fire is not a simple element, as formerly taught, but a 
result of rapid decomposition, owing to intense chemical action. 
As to the caloric or matter of heat, evolved during combustion, 
or burning, there are different opinions. Some suppose that, 
in the same way that sound is produced by the vibration of 
particles of air, heat is produced by the vibration of particles of 
a more ethereal fluid which surrounds all things. Others 
believe that the principle of heat is a substance composed of 
minute particles which are transmitted from heated bodies. 
It matters little which is true, so far as chemical inqmry is 
concerned, if we consider that fire is that phenomenon which is 
accompanied b3' light and heat, and that the principle of heat, 
whatever it is, is called caloric. 

As to the xe}is(ition of heat, that is felt when caloric passes 
from a heated body to the living system; cold is the transfer of 
the same principle from the living body. 

When burning bodies attain to a very high temperature, they 
Imrst into flames. This temperature is found to be over 700°, 
(seven hundred degrees,) by an instrument called a thermome- 
ter, or "heat measurer." Sometimes oxidation goes on at 
lower temperature, as in the human body; in the slow combus- 
tion which goes on when hay, etc., is put together before it is 
jjropcrly dried; in the occasional instances of so called "spon- 
taneous combustion" when cotton in bales, and other substan- 
ces, will gradually rise to so high a temperature that they take 
lire. Even the human body is not without a tendency to burn. 
There are well authenticated cases of human beings, who 
indulged to excess in drinking of spirits, being entirely con- 
sumed! These horrible cases of si)ontaneous combustion are 
frightful to read — the skull, the bones calcined to ashes — per- 
haps the extremities of the hands and feet only left to show 
that the remains are human! \V hen once this terrible calamity 
begins it cannot be arrested; — water may be u^ed, bat in vain, 
the victim is sacrificed upon an altar from which no human 
hand can save! 

To procure fire and light, coal, wood, oil, fat, etc., are used. 
Coal is only another form of wood. It has been submitted to 
distillation in the earth. It is charred. This has been done 
without access of o.xygen, consequently the spirit which was 
distilled off, has passed away to colder parts where it has con- 
densed. In this way our immense reservoirs, or natural 
ci^terns of oil have been stored away for our use. The oil 
wells of this continent are famous all over the world. Man, 
upon a small scale, can jiroduce artificially, the .same results. 



bt 



The hydrocarbons in solid, fluid and ga.seous forms, as bitu- 
men and pitch, petroleum or "rook oil," paraphine, etc. 

In some countries coal is burned extensively. Wherever 
iron is made, large quantities are used. In other countries, 
wood and peat are the only obtainable fuels. In some places 
the crude oil that comes out of the earth is mixed with clay, 
saw-dust, etc., to make fires. It was so in ancient times. The 
builders of Babel used fire; their bricks were burned by it and 
were cemented together with a kind of pitch. Even savages 
have obtained fire by rubbing together two pieces of dried wood. 
When some of us were boys, "flint and steel" were used, some 
charred rag, or "tinder," was exposed, the sparks struck ofl" by 
the attrition of the flint, which broke off minute pieces of iron 
that took fire in the air, set fire to the tinder. This was a 
clumsy way, for then we had to apply a match to the tinder to 
get a light. JIatches were then made very long and pointed, 
the ends were dipjied in melted sulphur or brimstone. This 
would ignite at a much lower temperature than wood. This 
was an improvement upon the method of the savages, who, 
by mere friction, kindled the wood; but, now, the more elegant 
mode of friction matches dipped in .sulphur and coated with a 
preparation of phosphorous, thanks to Brother Findlay and 
others, enable us to dispense with those troublesome methods. 

Fire has been considered a symbol of purification; there are 
allusions to this in the Bible and other books. The ladies of 
ancient Borne had dresses made of asbestos, or "mountain 
flax" — a kind of talc. We .see talc used sometimes in stoves 
on account of its transparency and incombustibility. Whon 
these dresses were cleansed they were placed in the fire, instead 
of sending them to the wash, and the impurities were burned 
out. Eire was also used by the metalurgist, or "metal worker," 
for refining. It was used in the sacrifices and in idolatrous 
worship, also. ^'olcanoes give us indications of a constant 
combustion going on in the bowels of the earth. Whether 
fire has its origin in the great natural source of heat — the sun, 
or not, is hard to saj'. It would ajiiiear that but for the exist- 
ence of animal and vegetable life in the remote ages the vast 
deposits of carbonaceous matter would not have been formed. 
Without heat there would be no ilk, and the sun must be 
looked to as the source of life. If an infusion is made of any 
vegetable substance — any leaves can be steeped in water in a 
vial — and the sun's rays are allowed to fall upon it, living organ- 
isms are soon developed by the heat. This has been considered 
by some as an evidence of spontaneous generation. It is more 
reasonable to believe that the germs of life are in the vegetable 
dissolved and that heat imparts vitality. Without heat we 
die — so do all animals. Even vegetables elaborate heat — a 
tree lives by its sap as much as we do by the blood, and the 
sap is seldom frozen exccjit in severe winters— a slow oxidation 
goes on and caloric is evolved. The bark of trees, the skins of 
the lower animals are constructed in such a manner that heat 
is retained; man makes garments for the same purpose. It is 
not the clothing wiiich is warm, we are warm, and heat passes 
away more slowly through i)orous substances, like cloth or 
flannel, than through close textures. To obtain the necessary 
heat we use I'ood which contains the fuel needed; oil, butter 
and fat are heat-givers, sugar, molasses, rice, potatoes, sago, 
corn, flour, all contain fuel. I'ure fat, as butter, lard and suet, 
are almost entirely carbon and hydrogen, with so small a quan- 
tity of oxygen that all is consumed. This is why we rc(iuire 
so little fat in summer time and so large a quantity in winter- 
Sugar contains carbon, hydrogen and o.xygen in such propor- 
tions as form water, so that the proportion of the combu.stible 
elements in fat, as compared with sugar, is nearly three to one. 
It will be well to remember this, for when we can obtain fruit 
in summer, or molasses, or sugar, the blood is suiiplied with 
fuel ill a htttir form to jiroduce and preserve health than in 



!?^^ 




J-9 



\/oi' 3 



A)0' /S- 



/9-^ G^ST I, /}iC?C> 




fat. All that is required is to maintain the proper temperature 
of the blood, which is 98°. Flour bread contains much nutri- 
tious matter, and fuel as well — this is why it is of such great 
value to us as food. It is a mistaken idea that meat lias to 
be taken as a constant article of diet. Unless it is very fat it 
has not so much fuel in its composition as potatoes; and has 
not so much nutritious, or flesh-foruiinK matter as fishi 

In the arctic regions, where the cold is very intense, large 
quantities of fatty matter are required to keep up the animal 
heat. It is said that those who sell meat pies, in the streets 
of large cities in Russia, usually keep a bottle of train oil as an 
incentive to buy. This luxury is poured into the pies, and, no 
doubt, is greatly relished, for it is needed by those who live 
poorly. It is not so here. We have good food. Fat in large 
quantities, especially in summer is very injurious. The skin is 
constantly removing the superfluous heat by evaporation and 
perspiration; but the elements of fat cannot be thus removed, 
because the proportions of hydrogen and oxygen are not such 
as to burn and form water. This is the reason fat frecjueutly 
deranges the stomach and, probably, the reason we do not, as 
a general thing, desire it. There are other uses for fat which 
will be seen as we proceed— the making of soap, candles, and 
many other things connected with domestic economy. 

Fire is of great use. The arts would scarcely exist without 
it. The locomotive, rail and telegraph, true types of the age 
we are favored to live in, when iron— like energy and swift 
intelligence, are executing the purposes of Jehovah, these, 
and all which make the world, by the handiwork of man, a 
"thing of beauty," are due to the operations of fire; well will 
it be when the earth is "cleansed by fire" and has become a 
"joy forever.!" BExn. 



§loflt?aiiTiij. 



IP IE?. O 1= 131 E T . 



THE 



p-^'. 



IIRIN PORTER ROCKWELL, to be 

free from the annoyance to which he was 
subjected because of lioggs' affidavit, 
made a vi-sit to the Eastern States. He 
remained there until the latter part of 
the winter 184!2-:3, when he started back 
to Nauvoo. On his way he touched at 
St. Louis, and on the 4th of March, 1843, 
Was arrested by a man named Fox, on 
the oath of a man named Ellas Parker. 
Parker swore that he was the O. P. Rockwell 
who was said to have tried to kill Lilburu W. 
Boegs. He was taken before a magistrate at 
Ly^*V\l St. J.,ouis, and afterwards jiut in jail. He had 
^^Ji,>^ ' ' '^ P^"' of iron hobbles fastened on his ankles, 
l/^iT^ ^'"^ ^"■'^ V.ii\}\, prisoner there two day.s. He was 
^"T .^!^ then carried to Independence, Jackson county. lie 
j^J'^ was treated with great indignity after he reached 
^^ there, and several plans were formed to kill him. 

But he was delivered. 

Soon after Joseph heard of Brother Rockwell's arrest he 
prophesied, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, that he 
wiiuld get away honoralily from tin; .Missourians. This predic- 
tion was fulfilled. Cod pre.ierved Urulher Rockw(tll; for His 
power aluuc could have preserved hiui. He was often threat. 




ened with death, and on two occasions, while he was being 
carried to be tried at Liberty, Clay county, and on his return 
from there, men had planned to wajlay him and kill him; but 
they failed. The grand jury could not find any evidence to prove 
that he had shot at Boggs, much as the mob would have liked 
them to do so. 

Brother Rockwell was told by Joseph II. Reynolds, the 
sheriff of Jackson county, that he was going to arrest Joseph. 
He pi-oposed to Brother Rockwell to go with him and betray 
Joseph into his hands. Reynolds said that he could have any 
sum of money he would name if he would do so. Brother 
Rockwell rejected his offer with indignation. Reynolds started 
to go to Nauvoo, and Brother Rockwell knew that he and his 
partners were after Joseph; yet he was a prisoner, and had no 
means of informing him of the danger he was in. He knew that 
they wore determined to kill Josei)h, and his anxiety was so 
intense upon the subject, that his flesh twitched on his bones. 
Twitch it would, and he could not help it. While he was in 
this condition he heard a dove alight on the window in the 
upper room of the jail where he was confined. The dove com- 
menced cooing, and then went off. In a short time it came 
back to the window, where a pane was broken. It crept 
through between the bars of iron, which were about two and a 
half inches apart. It flew around the trap door several times; 
it did not alight, but continued cooing until it crept through the 
bars again, and flew out through the broken window. This 
proved a comfort to Brother Rockwell. He accepted it as a 
favorable sign. The twitching of his flesh ceased, and he was 
fully satisfied from that moment that they would not get Joseph 
in Missouri, and that he should regain his own freedom. As 
near as could be found out, this happened at the time that 
Joseph was in the custody of Reynolds, an account of which 
we will give you hereafter. It was the only time that ho had a 
visit from the dove. 

On the l^jth of December, 1843, he was finally released from 
jail. He had been a prisoner upwards of nine months, and he 
had suffered everything almost but death. He had been 
imprisoned without any form of law, and chained hand and 
foot in a filthy dungeon, without fire or enough clothing to 
keep him warm, and without being allowed to change his 
clothes. Half-fed on miserable food, until he was reduced to 
a mere skeleton, an<l when the irons were taken off', so weak 
that he had to be led! And yet nothing could be proved 
against him! 

After suffering many hardships, he reached Nauvoo on the 
evening of the 12.0th of December, 1843, and immediately went 
to Joseph's residence — the Man.sion. Joseph had a company 
of his friends that evening at his house. In the midst of the 
festivities a man vpith his hair long and falling over his shoul- 
ders, and apparently drunk, came in and acted like a Missou- 
rian. Joseph requested the caj.taiu of police, who was present, 
to put him out of doors. A scuttle ensued, and Joseph had an 
opportunity of looking the man full in the face. It was no 
drunken man; it was no Mis.sourian; but, as Jo.seph writes in 
his hi.story, "to my great surjirise and untold joy, I discovered 
it was my long-tiied, warm, but cruelly persecuted friend Orrin 
Porter Rockwell, just arrived from nearly a year's imprison- 
ment, without conviction, iu Missouri. 

Joseph gave utterance to a very remarkable prophecy on 
August (J, 1S42, which should not be suffered to pass into for 
getf'ulness. On that day he passed over the river from Nauvoo 
to Montrose, Iowa, in coinjiaiiy with a number of [lersons, 
among the rest General James Adams, who was the Deputy 
(jrand Master of the Free Masons in the state of Illinois. The 
organization of a Ma.'-dnic J-odge was the (icciision of their vis- 
iting Montrose. ^\' bile the ]>eputy Grand Master was giving 
.nstructions to the Master elect of the Lodge, Joseph had a 



'f?^' 



i 




cr'U'"9~En^iXjE iisrsTi^TJCTOi^ 



=^U 



i^^C'js r I /?feg 



conversation with a number of the brethren in the shade of 
the building. The subject was the persecution of the Saints in 
Missouri, and the constant annoj'ance which had Followed them 
since they were diiven from the State. In relation to this con- 
versation Joseph says in his history: 

"I prophesied that the saints would continue to suffer much 
affliction, and would be driven to the Rocky Mountains, many 
would apostatize, others would be put to death by our persecu- 
tors, or lose their lives in consequence of exposure or disease, 
and some of you will live to go and assist in making settle- 
ments and building cities, and see the Saints become a mighty 
people in the midst of the Kocky Mountains." 



A LITTLE girl has been visiting me who was a fretter. She 
fretted when it rained, and fretted when it shone. She 
fretted when little girls came to see her, and fretted when they 
did not. It is dreadful to be a fretter. A fretter is trouble- 
some to herself and troublesome to her friends. We, to be sure, 
have our trials; but fretting does not help us bear or get rid 
of them. 

I have lately come across a short rule for fretters, which they 
shall have. Here it is: Never fret about what you can't help, 
because it won't do any good. Neverfret about what you can 
help; because, if you can help it, do so. Say this when you get 
up in the morning, say it at noon, rnd say it at night; and not 
only say, but do. 

"But we have our trials," the children say. Yes, you have, 
and your little trials are as hard to bear as our big ones. But 
fretting don't help them, nor wishing we were somewhere else, 
dwelling upon them until they look a great deal bigger than 
they really are. Did you ever see that fable about the toad and 
the plantain leaf? 

A toad used to live under a stone beside the brook. He was 
a pretty fat toad, and got along in the world as well as toads 
generally do. One day he went out to find something to eat, 
and hopping about amoni; the leaves by the creek's side he 
heard a rustle among them, and said to himself: 

'"There's a beetle! I like beetles. I'll be quiet and catch it." 

So he crept along till he got to it, and stuck out his tongue to 
get him; but it happened to be a bumble bee! He dropped it 
like a hot coal, and cried out in the way toads cry, and hopped 
back to his hole under the stone. He suffered with the pain 
and was obliged to lie by for two or three days. Hopping back 
to his home, he plucked a leaf of the plantain, and took it home 
fur his medicine, and put it in his mouth to cure the sting of the 
bee. He stayed at home for two or three days, and began to get 
hungry, and poor, and lean. As he hopped along, he came un- 
der the leaf of a plantain, and being very tired, he stopped 
under the leaf, looking up, Sdid: 

"Oh, what a nice time you plantains have. I should like to 
change places. Toads have a hard life." 

The plantain said: 

'Friend Toad, I should like to change, too. I don't see what 
toads can complain ot^ I think they have a fine time of it. " 

"Let me tell you," said the toad. "In the first place, we 
have to work for our living, and find ail we get to eat; and some- 
times, when we think we are going to get a beetle, we get a bum- 
ble bee. Then again, in winter time we get frozen up, and when 
we come out, the boys come along and stone us, and the crows 
])ick us up. Isn't that trouble? while you plantains just have 
to sit by the river and don't have to work. I should lil^c to 
change places with you. ' 



"Stop; let me tell you my side," said the plantain. "We 
plantains can't hop about as you can, but have to stay put. If 
we want a drink of water, we can't go to the creek and get it. 
We can't wove an inch to see the world and visit our next 
neighbors. Then, the sun shines hot all day, and we have to 
bear it, and can't hop under a cool leaf as you do. Then, by 
and by, along comes a cow and nips off our head, or a little 
worm eats into our heart, and we haven't power to .shake him off. 
I should like to change places with you. You take mine, and I 
will take yours, for I am so anxious to hop down to the creek 
and get a drink." 

"Stay, stay," cried the toad; "I hear a cricket. Let me get 
it." And off ho went after the cricket and never came back. 

So it appears that all have their trials, and the onlj' right way 
of getting along, is not to wish ourselves somebody else, and 
fret ourselves because we are not, but contentedly bear our lot, 
and be satisfied with what God has given us. — Southern 
Churchman. 



!5^5(™ 



pigittal j^o^luy. 



Ud 



T O J^ 



Ji^or the Juvenile Instructor, 

ST J^Ti, . 



Little star, that shines .so bright 
In the darkness of the night; 

Like a burning lamp on high — 
liike a jewel in the sky. 

■When the sun has gone to rest 
Down behind the distant West; 

Then your kind and gentle light 
Sheds a beauty on the night. 

Though your light is but a spark 
When it twinkles in the dark; 

Oft the tiny spark will show 
Little children wheie to go. 

Now I wonder if you keep 

Watching o'er nie when I sleep; 
When I lie upon my bed. 
Are you shining over head? 



E. R. S. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 13 is SWITZERLAND. 
Correct answers were recived from J. M. Fisher, E. Ilealy, 
M. Weibye, E. D. Mousley, S. D. Mousley, C. Denney and 
Jos. Bull, Jan. 



Js publistied in iitiU Luke OUi/, L'Uth Territory, 
ON THE FIRST <fe FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



rC'* 



CEORCE Q. CANNON. EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Aiiuuiu S3 00 

Slugle Copy, for Six MoutliB.. 1 50 

tS" It « expected where nr/eitls /ortunrd nnmrs Ihru will he re.tponsible 
or the papers IhuJi nrdereil; ami when '••uih piij/mentx ari: made, they 
xuill please forward lliem tvUli the teller coiHaiiiiny the names u/ the 
subscribers. 

t^ Elder H'ni. H. Shearman, Logaru, uUl act as General Agent for 
Cache Valley. 

art- Grain bmuf/ht to this 07.V for the .TvvrNII.K iNSTKUtTOR uillbe 
received al tiie office o/ oar /<o;<er— DESKKtT >iEwa Bl'II^djngs. 



RKWHRBvana 



