
lit f 

i1 1 m 



"BUT WITH ALL THY GETTIXU 
GET UNDERSTAKDINti." 




THERE LS NO EXCELLENCE 
WITHOUT LABOR. 



VOL 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 18G7. 



NO. 6. 



THE IP ^^. S S .^ C3- E OIP THE K.EID S E ..^ 



IX our last number we talked some little about the birth of 
Moses and his early history, continuing it down to the time 
when God sent him and his brother Aaron to demand his con- 
sent for the Hebrews to take a jouracy into the uillerness to 
their offer uji sacrifices to their God. Moses at this time was 
eighty years old, forty of which he had spent in the Egyptian 



tender plants. What this storm did not destroy, was consumed 
by the myriads of locusts which next came along in the succes- 
sion of plagues, succeeded by a most profound darkness, which 
lasted three days. The Egyptians had now lost their cattle and 
their grain by the direct interposition of God, and had been 
grcatb' afflicted themselves; but all these were not enough for 



court, and forty in the wilderness of Sinai with his father-ir.- their ruler; he was still determined to keep Israel in bondage. 



law Jethro, His brother 
Aaron was three years 
older than he. 

When these two ser- 
vants of the Lord made 
their rei|uest known to the 
Egyptian monarch, the 
only replies they received 
were threats and sneers. 
'Who is the Lord that I 
should obey his voice to 
lot L-^rael go? I know not 
the Lord, neither will I 
let Israel go," exclaimed 
I'haroah, and, at once, 
connnanded the taskmast- 
ers (iver the l.-raelites to 
iiicrea.se their burdens and 
treat them liiore harshly 
than before. 

After the Lord sent 
Moscri and Aaron, to the 
king with His nie.'^.sage, 
and he rejected it, the 
Lurd turned the waters of 
their .sacred river — the Nile — into 




though he had to fight 
the Lord for it. Next 
came the most dreadful 
trial of all: in ever/ house 
could be heard the cry of 
-orrow and mourning, for 
ill every house the tirst- 
l>orii lay dead. The angel 
"f the Lord liad smitten 
the first-born of the Egyp- 
•ians: but the Israelites, 
'y sprinklhig their door 
no.sts with the blood of a 
' imb, according to the di- 
.I'ctiiin ,if the Lord, es- 
apcd. Their first-born 
were not .■^lain. The des- 
troying angel saw the sign 
on the door post>«, and lie 
I 'asscd and did not touch 
iis inmate.". This was tlie 
urigin of the feast of the 
pa.s.~uver which the Jewd 
keep to this day. 
Till! Kgyplians, in their 
and ailiiction, m'V demanded that I'iiaraoh should detain 
I no longer; to this at length he gave a reluctant consent. 



(^ 



iluiid, that it slaiik, (lie grief 
fi.'-hes that swam in it all died, and those who drank of it were I-rai 

M-'izcd with crumps and sickness. He then sent another mc-sage Then the men of Lrael arose with their wives and their little 
U) Pharaoh. It was rejected a.s before. He next caused I ones, their flockn and their herds, and with .--ongs of rejoicing 
millions of frogs to come upon the land; they invaded llu; I and slmut.s of praise, they started for the land of promise. God 
liome.M of the Egyptians, from cellar to chamber, tliey crept in him-iclf going before them in a pillar of cloud by clay, and a 
their bed.", they crawled on their food, they laid d<!;id in heaps pillar of lire by night, ami wlure lie led they followed. 
everywhere, and the stench from their bodies filled the air with j This exodus of the Israelites took place linn- hundred and 
di.-«a."0. Then followeil a plague of lice on man and l;east; thirty years from the time .\liraham visiti'd Egypt, and two 
after which swarms of flies infested the land; next a murrain hundnd and lifleen from llie lime .Jacob took bis family 
de.tlroyiMl the cattle. Still the heart of I'haraoh was hardened, ' lliillier. 

uiid he would not let llie people go. God next alllic ted the' When I'haiaoh was told that tin' Hebrews had fled, lie wan 
EL'ypliaiis, their flocks and herds also, with grievous boils and exceedingly sorry, and he determined to biing them back, 
blaius, which not Hoftening their hearts, lie cauMc^d a ten ibiu Gathering together his chariots and his hor.semen, with the '^i ' 
hailstorm to descend upon the land, killing evrry man and beast i strength of his army, lie hurriedly started in pursuit. Vvv 

upon which it fell, destroying the griiin, tho vegetables and the , At the time the Israelities first saw the hostif of I'haraoh fol- h^t) 



^^- 




^^^ 



4S 



Cr TJ ^ E HN^ I Xj E! IITST:E?."CrGTOI^ 



lowing them they were camped on the borders of the Eed sea, 
in a narrow valley, the mountains behind and the sea in front of 
them, without any apparent means of escape. Thither the 
Lord had led them for his own good purpose. W'heu they saw 
their enemies apjiroaching they were filled with fear, for they 
were a people of little faith. They murmured against JMoses, 
and would have Sioned him for bringing them into the wilder- 
ness, telling him it was better for them to have served the 
Egyptians than to be .slain in that desert place. Moses, how- 
ever, never lo.st his faith. "Stand stUl," said he, "and see 
the salvation of the Lord, which he will show to you to day: for 
the Egj-ptiaas whom ye have seen to day, 3-6 shall see them 
no more for ever. The Lord shall fight for you and ye shall 
hold your peace." Then 3Ioses received the word of the Lord, 
and lie stretched forth bis rod over the sea; and its waters fell 
back, leaving the bed of the sea dry for the Israelities to pass 
through to the opposite shore with the mass of waters towering 
up on each side as walls to protect them. Their way was now 
open; Israel was saved. Pharaoh, maddened at the idea tliat 
his prey was escaping him, gave the comnmnd of "onward" to 
his hosts. Close on the footsteps of the Hebrews they followed 
into the sea. But their day was near its close. The Lord 
caused a mighty storm of bail and rain, of thunder and of 
lightning to arise, which .swept over the sea, and the wateiy 
walls fell, and the waters poui-ed over the hosts of Egyjit. 
Israel saw no more of them only the dead bodies of many of 
the soldiers as they washed u|ion the beach. 

Tiie recollection of this mighty deliverance has ever been a 
theme of praise Ijy the children of Jacob, yet so wonderfully will 
the Lord e.xert his [lower for the salvation of his people in the 
day in which we live that an ancient Prophet has declared: "it 
shall no nifire be said the Lord liveth that brought up the 
children of Israel out of the land of Egyi)t; but the Lord liveth 
that brought up the children of Israel from the land of the 
north, and from all the lands whither he had chiven them." 






?i 






For the Juvenile Instructor. 

"VISIT I. 

UNCI-E GRKCOllV JXTUODUCES HIMSELF. 



"ITTELL, boys, how do you do? Ulad to make your actiuaint- 
T T ance, and hope to have many interesting visits. 

Uncle (iregory is very fond of boys, loves to encourage them 
and tell them stories, teach them how to be hapjjy and how to 
become great men, that is good men, for no man can ever 
become truly great unless he is good ; but more of this bye and 
bye. 

Uncle Gregory remembers whi'ii he was a boy, and how 
pleased he was when anyone wuidd teach him anything of the 
SciKNTE OF Life. Do you undcr.-tand this, boys! 

Let me ask you a simple (piestion or two. What is the 
object of publishing the Ji:VK.Nil,E I.n.stki (Tor? "Why do the 
brethren and .listers write articles and send them to be pub- 
lished? Did j-ou ever think of it? It is to teach you how to live, 
that you may avoid sin, and gain a true knowledge of things as 
they exist, that you may not be ignorant, idle or wicked, but 
grow up men in Ciirist Jcsu.s. It is to give you the benefit of 
what they have learned and know to be true by their ex- 
perience. They have pas.^ed through the age of dreams, youth 
and inexperience, and can tell you how to avoid much son'ow 
by telUng you how to do rir/ht, how to walk in the jiath that 
leads to eternal hfe, giving peace and happiness to-day. ^Um 



&^^ 



boys desire to become men and love to do anything they believe 
to be manly; but they often act very simple, because they do 
not know what true manliness consists of. 

Boys, when we start out in life we arc ignorant and require to 
be taught. The Juvenile In.structok has become a medium 
through which you can gain knowledge, and through which you 
can obtain the result of the experience of others. By trying to 
carry out in your lives the instmctions you receive, you will 
grow into righteousness, and will find that you wiU enjoy lite 
much more by doing right than by doing wrong. 

Kemember, my dear boys, that you are the Sons of God and 
that much is required at your hands. 

Think on what you read, try to understand it. A little read, 
imderstood, and remembered, is far better than reading much 
and understanding little. Suifer, then. Uncle Gregory to give 
you the result of his experience and observation in as simple a 
manner as he can, that you m:iy understand; and we hope to 
have many profitable visits. 



[CONTINtTED.] 

J^ OTJI^IOTJS LETTEI^. 



THE following letter purports to be written by a Jew who 
was traveling iu Palestine, in a merchant's employ, at the 
time the Lord Jesus Christ, our Savior, was upon the earth in 
the flesh. It was written by the j'oung man to his tutor in the 
Netherlands. The letter was translated from the Danish of 
Dr. Jvxg-Stilling by Elder Jesse N. Sjuth. 

We publi.sh the letter as an interesting document; its chief 
interest being centred in the descriptions of the Savior; but we 
do not endorse its particulars as true. Whether a work of the 
imagination, or not, it is evidently written by the S])irit, and 
leaves a pleai^ing impression on the reader's mind, and it may, 
possibly, be a true statement. — [Ed. J. I. 



"IITASTEE," said I, "having heard much of thee, I have 

]}i. come, that I may see with my eyes and hear with my 
ears whether thou art tridy the Jlessiah; but I have already 
heard and seen so much that I no longer doubt, but am com- 
pelled to believe. ' ' 

With nuich kindness he replied, and his voice thrilled me as 
he spoke, "Blessed art thou who belie vest." 

"I come from the distant west," said I, "and am in the ser- 
vice of a merchant of our nation. I came to Jenisalem on busi- 
ness, and my great desire to see thee has brought me here; ex- 
cuse me for having broken in upon and disturbed thy rest." 

"It is my rest to fidfil the will of my Eather, and it is His will 
that all shall be saved who come to me, and have feith in me." 

Hereupon I said, "Lord, what shall I do that I may be 
saved?" He answered me, "Bcmain in Jerusalem until the 
day of Pentecost, when you will learn what you have to do." 

I now presented the letter i'lxna Lazarus, which having read, 
he said, "Tarry iu Bethany as much as your business will allow; 
there you will see me again." 

John ncjw made me a sign that we should go; but, before 
going, I further said, "Master, think of me." 

He pressed my hand and said with mildness, "Peace be with 
thee, my son; continue in faith on me, and in love toward God, 
and thou .shalt at last inherit my kingdom." 

I cannot describe my feelings as these words were spoken. 
As we returned I received much instruction from John, which 
at some future time I will orally rejicat to you, as I received it 
from this man, who to me .seemed like an angel of God. 

The I'cillowing day I returned to Jerusalem. As often as cir- 
cumstances permitted I went to Bethany to talk with my friends 
there of him we loved. Lazarus seemed weaker each time I 



VSf 




a-TJ^En^ii_.E in^sTi^TJGTOi^. 




saw him, and at last became seriously sick. His sisters were 
greatly troubled; tbeir only hope was that Jesus would come 
and heal him. They sent several messages; but Jesus ciime 
not, and Lazarus died, I could not comprehend how it was 
that Jesus came not to save his friend from death. I felt that 
I was one of the family and wept with them. Lazarus was 
buried. On the fourth day after, the rumor came that Jesus 
was coming on the road. j\Iartha went to meet him; but with 
man}' friends from Jenisalem and the iiumediate neighborhood, 
I remained with Marj-, who was much bowed down, to comfijrt 
her. JIartha soon came running and whispered something in 
her sister's ear, when Mary rose up and started out on the road, 
the rest of us following her. We soon saw Jesus coming, ac- 
companied by his disciples and man.v others. He talked 
with the sisters, and seemed much afflicted as he came near 
and saw so many people weeping; he wept also, and asked 
where they had laid him. 

They accompanied him to the grave, where he again wejit. 
He .said, "Roll away the stone. " All saw and heard what 
pai5.sed; but all were silent. As the stone was rolled away we 
all noticed the smell of putrefaction which came forth. This 
caused Martha to say, "Lord, he has been dead four days, he 
stinks already. " Jesus answered, ''Said I not to thee that if 
thou wouldst believe thou shouldst see the glory of God." 
Then Jesus lifted up his ej-es toward heaven and said with a 
loud voice, ' 'Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me, 
although I know that thou does always hear me; but I saj* it 
for the sake of the people who stand here around me that they 
may believe that thou hast sent me. ' ' He now stretched out 
bis hand towards the grave, and cried with a loud voice, 
"Lazarus, come forth. " Ah! what did I see! Lazarus in his 
burial clothes rose up fresh and sound! Without any sign of 
joy or other demonstration Jesus said, "Unloose him, and let 
him go." 

You cannot imagine the effect produced by this godlike 
miracle. There was no thought of deception, for hundreds of 
people knew that Lazanis was dead; yet all saw him now come 
forth from the grave, sound and fresh, at the command of 
Jesus. The whole of Jerusalem came in commotion, even 
among the infidel there remained no longer any doubt that 
Jesus was the ^lessiah. But the priests and rulers were raging; 
but only because of euvj', for Jesus is exactly their opposite; it 
is just as impossible for them to admire Jesus as it was for him 
to approbate their depravity and vice. They now waited no 
longer, but determined on his death. All this seems wonderful, 
master Aaron, but the end is not yet. You will understand 
that if the.se miracles .should continue the whole people would 
become the followers of Jesus, and thus the power and con- 
sideration of the priests and rulers would cease. Neither woukl 
it be easy for the priests and tlie learned to get Jesus killed 
wli'ii he had many followei-s, .so they hastened their designs 
against him. You may be dosimus of learning more concerning 
Lazarus, I have often talked with him since he was rai.-cd from 
death. He told me that three angels wtnv, with him diniiiLr the 
time, and were exceedingly frieniliy and kind; but theylold liini 
he would have to return to his earthly life again. He seems 
just the same as before, but is often sad. I have heard Jesus 
lireach in the Temple. Ah! you should have been there; all 
liis words were life and spirit, and yet they were full of mystery. 
]5ut I could understand this, that he should die a sacrifice for 
the sins of the world, that he should rise again and relurn to 
hit Heavenly Father, and aftenvards return and establish his 
kiiig<l<ini. 

The Jews cannot understand this, it not being at all in ac- 
cordance with their ideas of the kingdom of the Messiah. They 
believe that when he comes he will free them from the IJomaii 
yoke and give them universal doniiuiou. Even his di.seii)le.s, 



who are humble fishermen, though pious and worthy, had 
formed about the same opinion; and when he first hinted to 
them that he shoidd die and rise again from death, they could 
not comprehend it. My spiritual vision has since become more 
clear upon these things. It is indeed impossible for the king- 
dom of God to be established upon the earth as long as man- 
kind are so mcked, corrupt, ungodly and light-minded as our 
people are, and yet with the Jewish people the kingdom must 
commence; at least you have thus taught me. It will be 
necessary that something be done, bj' which mankind shall be 
improved in their moral and religious condition before the king- 
dom of the Jlessiah can be established. I had a short con- 
versation with Jesus in the hall of Solomon's palace, and this 
godlike man has given me this information. 

I was on my way to the Temple one evening where I went 
to pray, when hearing that Jesus was in the hall of Solomon's 
palace, I went there and found him alone with his disciples, 
John among them. As Jesus saw me, he beckoned to me, 
and asked, ''Shall j-ou remain until after Pentecost?" 
I replied: "Yes, Lord, as thou hast commanded me." 
Then said he: "Hasten and perform thine errand; remain 
then, here at Jenisalem, where thou wilt learn that which 
will bring thee peace." He continued: "IMy kingdom is not 
of this world, neither doth it consist of earthly glory, but in 
the keeping of my commandments." I answered, "Lord, I 
have not had opportunity to hear thy commandments. " He 
said, "Love God above all else and thy neighbor as thyself, and 
beheve in me. Peace be with thoe. ' ' 

To be continued. 






vjEztrnsr-x- 



m OST of our 3'oung readers have heard of Jenny Lind, or 
as she was sometimes beautifully called, "The Swedish 
Nightingale," who came over from Europe a few .years ago and 
delighted our peo])le by her wonderful singing. She was jiure 
and good, as well as gifted, which was best of all, and helped 
the poor and suffering wherever she found them. Many pleas- 
ant anecdotes are told of her, but none so charming as this. 

Once, while visiting "Bath, an Engli.sh watering-place, she hap- 
pened to be walking with a friend in front of some alms-houses, 
into one of which she entered and sat down for a moment, 
as if to rest herself, but in reality to find some excuse for doing 
an act of charity to the old woman who lived in it, and whom 
she had seen feeble and tottering at the door. 'J'he old woman, 
like the rest of her neighbors, was full of the Swedish Nightin- 
gale, whom she had heard was then in Bath, entertaining with 
licr voice all those who were so hap]iy and fortunate as to be 
able to hear her. 

'For myself," said the old woman, "I have lived a long time 
in the world, and desire nothing before I die but to hear Jenny 
Lind." 

".\nd would it make you hapjiy?'" asked her visitor. 

'■.\y, (hat it wnuld, ' answered the old woman; "but such 
n.lks MS 1 can't go, and so 1 .shall nev<^r hear her." 

"Uon't be so sure of that," said the gond-naturcd Jenny; 
".■-i( diiwn, my friend, and listen," and then she sang, witii 
enchanliiig sweetness, one iif the finest songs she knew. The 
old wonian was almost wilil with delight, when, after concluding 
her song, her kimi visitor said, 

"Now you have heard Jemiy Jjind." 

If she had given that wnnian a hniidrod pounds, she could 
not have altorded her liaH'sonuich |ileasure. 1 1 was an act of 
niible charity, of the tenderest and nxist delicate kind. Money 
it wnulil have been easy for her to give, and money .she no 
doubt did j;ivi': but to sit down in an ahns-housc, and there 
awaken the enchantments of her voice for the pleasure of n. 
iHiiir old i]au|n'r wonian, was a timehing proof oi' goodness of 
lieart which nothing we have heard of Jenny ]jind surjia.^scs. 



h>^- 



■^^^ 





j"TJ^EiiNriXjE insrsTi^TJGTOi^ 



lowing them they were camped on the borders of the Red sea, 
in a narrow valley, the mountains behind and the sea in front of 
them, without any apparent means of escape. Thither the 
Lord had led them for his own good purpose. When they saw 
their enemie.s approaching they were filled with fear, for they 
were a people of little faith. They murmured against Closes, 
and would have stoned him for bringing them into the wilder- 
ne.«s, telling him it was better for them to have served the 
Egyptians than to be slain iu that desert place. Moses, how- 
ever, never lo.^t his faith. "Stand still," said he, "and see 
the salvation of the Lord, which he will show to you to day: for 
the Egyptians whom ye have seen to day, ye shall see them 
no more for ever. The Loi-d shall fight for you and ye shall 
hold your peace." Then !Uoses received the word of the Lord, 
and he stretched forth his rod over the sea; and its waters fell 
back, leaving the bed of the sea drj- for the Israelities to pass 
through to the opposite shore with the mass of waters towering 
up on each side as walls to protect them. Their way was now 
open: Israel was saved. Pharaoh, maddened at the idea that 
his prey was escaping him. gave the command of " onward" to 
his ho.sts. Close on the footsteps of the Hebrews they followed 
into the sea. But then- day was near its close. The Lord 
caused a mighty storm of hail and rain, of thunder and of 
hghtning to arise, which swept over the sea, and the wateiy 
walls fell, and the waters jioui'ed over the hosts of Egy]>t. 
Israel saw no more of them only the dead bodies of many of 
the soldiers as they wa.shed ui)on the beach. 

The recollection of this miglity deliverance has ever been a 
theme of praise by the children of Jacob, yet so wonderfully will 
the Li5rd exert his power for the salvation of his people in the 
day in which we live that an ancient Prophet has declared: "it 
shall no more be said the Lord liveth that brought up the 
children of Israel out of the land of Egypt; but the Lord liveth 
that brought up the children of Israel from the land of the 
north, and from all the lauds whither he had diiven them." 









For the Juvenile Instructor, 

VISIT I. 

UNCLE GRECiORY INTRODUCES HIMSELF. 



WELL, boj's, how do you do? Glad to make your acciuaint- 
ance, and hope to have many interesting ^^sits. 

Uncle Gregory is vcrj' fond of boys, loves to encourage them 
and tell them stories, teach them how to be happy and how to 
become great men, that is good men, for no man can ever 
become truly great unless he is good ; but more of this bye and 
bye. 

Uncle Gregorj' remembers when ho was a boy, and how 
pleased he was when anyone would teach him anything of the 
Science of Life. Do you umlerstand this, boys! 

Let mo ask you a simple <iuesti(in or two. What is the 
object of publishing the Juvenile Instructor? "Why do the 
brethren and sisters write articles and .send them to be pub- 
lished? Did you ever think of it? It is to teach you how to live, 
that you may avoid sin, and gain a true knowledge of things as 
they exist, that you may not be ignorant, idle or wicked, but 
grow up men in Christ Jesas. It is to give you the benefit of 
what they have leanied and know to be tnie by their ex- 
perience. They have passed through the age of dreams, youth 
and inexperience, and can tell you how to avoid much son'ow 
by telling you how to do ritjht. how to walk in the jiath that 
leads to eternal life, giving peace and hajipiness to-day. 3Iost 




boys desire to become men and love to do anything they believe 
to be manly; but they often act very simple, because they do 
not know what true manliness consists of. 

Boys, when we start out in life we are ignorant and require to 
be taught. The Juvenile Instructor has become a medium 
thi'ough which you can gain knowledge, and through which you 
can obtain the residt of the experience of others. By trjing to 
cany out in your lives the instnictions you receive, you wiU 
grow into righteousness, and will find that you will enjoy life 
much more by doing right than by doing wrong. 

Remember, my dear boys, that you are the Sons of God and 
that much is required at your hands. 

Think on what j'ou read, try to understand it. A little read, 
understood, and remembered, is fiir better than reading much 
and vmderstanding little. Suffer, then, Uncle Gregory to give 
you the result of his experience and observation in as simjile a 
manner as he can, that you may understand; and we hope to 
have many profitable visits. 



J^ 



[COXTINUED.] 

GTJI^IOXJS XjETTEI?.. 



THE following letter purports to be written by a Jew who 
was traveling in Palestine, in a merchant's employ, at the 
time the Lord Jesus Christ, our Savior, was upon the earth in 
the flesh. It was written by the young man to his tutor in the 
Netherlands. The letter was translated from the Danish of 
Dr. Jung-Stilling by Elder Jesse JS'. Sjutii. 

We publish the letter as an interesting document; its chief 
interest being centred in the descriptions of the Savior; but we 
do not endorse its particulars as true. Whether a work of the 
imagination, or not, it is evidently written by the Spirit, and 
leaves a pleasing impression on the reader's mind, and it may, 
possibly, be a true statement. — [Ed. J. I. 



"ifASTEE," said I, "having heard much of thee, I have 

ItJ- come, that I may see with my eyes and hear with my 
ears whether thou art tridy the Messiah; but I have already 
heard and seen so much that I no longer doubt, but am com- 
pelled to believe." 

With uuich kindness he replied, and his voice thi-Oled me as 
he spoke, "Blessed art thou who belie vest. " 

"I come from the di.stant west," said I, "and am in the ser- 
vice of a merchant of our nation. I came to Jenisalem on busi- 
ness, and my great desire to see thee has brought me here; ex- 
cuse me for having broken in upon and disturbed thy rest." 

"It is my rest to fidfil the will of my Father, and it is His wiU 
that all shall be saved who come to me, and have faith in me." 

Hereupon I said, "Lord, what shall I do that I may be 
saved?" He answered me, "Remain in Jerusalem until the 
day of Pentecost, when you will learn what you have to do." 

I now i)resented the letter from Lazarus, which having read, 
he said, "Tarry in Bethany as much as your business will allow; 
there you will see me again." 

John U(jw made me a sign that we should go; but, before 
going, I further said, "Master, think of me." 

He pressed my hand and said with mildness, "Peace be with 
thee, my .son; continue in faith on me, and in love toward God, 
and thou shalt at last inherit my kingdom." 

I cannot describe my feelings as these words were sjioken. 
As we returned I received much instruction from John, which 
at some future time I will orally repeat to you, as I received it 
from this man, who to me seemed like an angel of God. 

The following day I returned to Jerusalem. As often as cir- 
cumstances permitted I went to Bethany to talk with my friends 
there of him we loved. Lazaras seemed weaker each time I 





CTTJ^ElsriLE! in^STI^TJGTOI^ 



43 



saw him, and at last became seriously sick. His sisters were 
greatly troubled; tbeir only hope was that Jesus would come 
and heal him. They sent several messages; but Jesus came 
not, and Lazanis died. I could not comprehend how it was 
that Jesus came not to save his friend from death. I felt that 
I was one of the family and wept with them. Lazarus was 
buried. On the fourth day after, the rumor came that Jesus 
was coming on the road. Martha went to meet him; but with 
many friends from Jei-usalem and the immediate neighborhood, 
I remained with Mary, who was much bowed down, to comfort 
her. Martha soon came running and wliisi^ered something in 
her sister's ear, when Mary rose up and started out on the road, 
the rest of us following her. We soon saw Jesus coming, ac- 
companied by his disciples and many others. He talked 
with the sisters, and seemed much afflicted as he came near 
and saw so many people weeping; he wejit also, and asked 
where they had laid him. 

They accomjtanied him to the grave, where lie again wept. 
He said, "Roll away the stone." All saw and heard what 
passed; but all were silent. As the stone was rolled away we 
all noticed the smell of putrefaction which came forth. This 
caused Martha to say, "Lord, he has been dead four days, he 
stinks already." Jesus answered, "Said I not to thee that if 
thou wouldst believe thou shouldst see the glory of God." 
Then Jesus lifted up his eyes toward heaven and said with a 
loud voice, "Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me, 
although I know that thou does always hear me; but I say it 
for the sake of the people who stand here around me that they 
may believe that thou hast sent me. ' ' He now stretched out 
his hand towards the grave, and cried with a loud voice. 
"Lazarus, come forth. " Ah! what did I see! Lazarus in his 
burial clothes rose up fresh and sound! Without any sign of 
joy or other demonstration Jesus said, "Unloose him, and let 
him go." 

You cannot imagine the effect produced by this godlike 
miracle. There was no thought of deception, for hundreds of 
people knew that Lazarus was dead; yet all saw him now come 
forth from the grave, sound and fresh, at the command of 
Jesus. The whole of Jerusalem came in commotion, even 
among the infidel there remained no longer any doubt that 
Jesus was the Mes.siah. But the priests and rulers were raging; 
Init only because of envy, for Jesus is exactly their opposite; it 
is just as impossible for them to admire Jesus as it was for him 
to api^robate their deijra\ity and vice. Tliey now waited no 
longer, but determined on his death. All this seems wonderful, 
master Aaron, but the end is not yet. You will understand 
that if these miracles should continue the whole people would 
become the followers of Jesus, and thus the power and con- 
sideration of the priest.s and rulers would cease. Neither would 
it be easy for the priests and the leaincd to get Jesus killed 
when he had many follower, .so they h-jst(med their designs 
against him. You may be desirous of learning more concerning 
Jjazarus, I have (jften talked with him since he was raised from 
death. He told nic that three angels were with him during the 
time, and were exceedingly friendly and kind; but they told him 
he would have to return to his earthly life again. He seems 
just the same as before, but is often sad. I have lieard Jesus 
preach in the Temjile. All! you should have been there; all 
ills words were life and spirit, and yet tliey wine full of mysteiy. 
But r could understand this, that he should die a .sacrifice for 
the sins of the world, that 111' .-linuld rise again and relurii to 
liis Heavenly I'"ather, and al'h-rwards return and establish his 
kingdom. 

The Jew.H cannot understand this, it not being at all in ac- 
cordance with their ideaH of the kingdom of the Messiah. They 
believe that when he conies he will free them linni the ]{onia!i 
yoke and give them universal dominion. Even Ills disciple.", 



who are humble fishermen, though pious and worthy, had 
formed about the same opinion; and when he first hinted to 
them that he shoidd die and rise again from death, they could 
not comprehend it. My spiritual vision has since become more 
clear upon these things. It is indeed impossible for the king- 
dom of God to be established upon the earth as long as man- 
kind are so mcked, corrupt, ungodly and light-minded as otir 
people are, and yet with the Jewish people the kingdom must 
commence; at least you have thus taught me. It will be 
necessary that something be done, by which mankind shall be 
improved in their moral and religious condition before the king- 
dom of the Jlessiah can be established. I had a short con- 
versation with Jesus in the hall of Solomon's palace, and this 
godlike man has given me this information. 

I was on my wa}' to the Temple one evening where I went 
to pray, when hearing that Jesus was in the hall of Solomon's 
palace, I went there and found him alone with his disciples, 
John among them. As Jesus saw me, he beckoned to me, 
and asked, "Shall j'ou remain until after Pentecost?" 
I replied: "Yes, Lord, as thou hast commanded me." 
Then said he: "Hasten and perform thine errand; remain 
then, here at Jenisalem, where thou wilt learn that which 
wiU bring thee peace." He continued; "My kingdom is not 
of this world, neither doth it consist of earthly glory, but in 
the keeping of my commandments." I answered, "Lord, I 
have not had opportunity to hear thy commandments. " He 
said, "Love God above all else and thy neighbor as thyself, and 
believe in me. Peace be with thee." 

To be continued. 



T^nsTEOIDOTE OIF 



vjEnsrisr-x- 



IV, TOST of our young readers have heard of Jenny Lind, or 
iiJL as she was sometimes beautifully called, "The Swedish 
Nightingale," who came over from Europe a few years ago and 
delighted our people by her wondcrfid singing. She was pure 
and good, as well as gifted, which was best of all, and helped 
the poor and suffering wherever she found them. Many pleas- 
ant anecdotes are told of her, but none so charming as this. 

Once, while visiting Bath, an English watering-place, she hap- 
pened to be walking with a friend in front of some alms-houses, 
into one of which she entered and .sat down for a moment, 
as if to rest herself, but in reality to find some excuse for doing 
an act of charity to the old woman who lived in it, and whom 
she had seen feeble and tottering at the door. The old woman, 
like the rest of her neighbors, was full of the Swedish Nightin- 
gale, whom she bad heard was then in Bath, entertaining with 
her voice all those who were so hajJiiy and fortunate as to be 
able to hear her. 

"For my.self," said the old woman, "I have lived a long time 
in the world, and desire nothing before I die but to hear Jenny 
Jjind." 

"And would it make you happy?" asked her visitor. 

"Ay, that it would," answered the old woman; "but Bueh 
folks as I can't go, and .so I shall never hear her." 

"J)on't be so sure of that." said the gond-naturcd Jenny; 
"sit down, my friend, and listen," and tlu'U she sang, with 
CMclianling sweelni'ss, one of the finest sungs she knew. The 
old woman was almost wild with delight, when, after concluding 
her song, her kind visitor said, 

"Now you have lieard .lenny Lind." 

If she had given that woman a hundred pounds, slic could 
not have atl'onled her half so much jileasuiv. It was an act of 
rinlile eliarity, of the tenderest an<l iiKist delicate kind. Money 
il wnuld have been easy for her to give, mid money she no 
dmilit did givi'; but to sit down in an alnis-house, and tlierc 
awaken I Ik; enehanliiienis of her voice for lh(^ pleasure of a 
iioor old pauper woman, was a toiu-biiig proof of' goodness of 
heart which nolliing we have licaril of Jenny Lind surjiaisses. 



b«^^- 





cr Tj "V" E i5r I Xj E 



isrsTi^TJCTOie/ 



Si 



%]\t iuinn'ih iiiafriitfoc. 



1- ^^ § 




GEOKOE Q. C.V]V>-0?>f, : 


EDITOR. 


:\IARCri 15, ISGT. 



E3DIT0:E?.I7^L THZOTJG-HTS- 




IIILPEKX of the Latter-day Saints, 
shiiuld be early taught to be strictly honest. 
You shouIJ eonnucnce when young to 
respect the rights of others, and follow 
this up until it becomes the habit of your 
ives. If you knew you could steal, and 
nobody ever find it out, you should never 
do so. A pei'son may gain for the time 
being by stealing; but the gain is not real. 
No matter how much money or jiroperty 
be gained by theft, each theft, though no 
human being .should ever know it, brings self- 
degradation. Think of this, children, when you 
are tempted to take something that does not 
belong to you. Never do a thing when you are 
:ie and no human eye can .see you. that, if known, 
'/''Y ■>' ° you would be ashamed of. 
A^^jAf Fruit stealing is very common with .some boys. 
"-^ i^ Sometimes one bad boy will lead the boys of a whole 
neighborhood into this practice, before they are hardly aware 
that it is wrong. Ajiples, peaches, melons and other fruits in 
the gardens and orchards around are expo.sed to their pilfering, 
and valuable trees, which have cost their owners much toil and 
exixinse, are strii>i]ed. This leads to stealing of a more .serious 
nature, until boys go from bad to worse and become confirmed 
thieves and lo.st to all sense of honor. 

\\'e once knew a boy wlio fell into bad habits through going 
in the company of bad companions. The boys with whom he 
went were well supjilied with money, which they spent very 
freely. This thej- obtained in various waj's. He did not like 
to be behind them, for he was liberal and wi.shed the boys to 
think him a clever fellow, so he commenced ]>y taking a httle 
money that did not belong to him. At fir.st he felt very bad 
about having taken it, and he thought he would never do so 
again. But when in the company of his companions he would 
forget his good resolutions, and would go as far as any of them; 
at .such times he would not stop to think about his conduct. 
While away from these boys he would feel very conscience-strick- 
en, and would be filled with fear lest what he had done should 
bo knowu. He did not dare to look his parents in the face as 
he did when he was an innocent boy, and every time they asked 
him a f|uo-lion about his movements and his associates lie was 
seized widi dread, thinking that they had found out what he had 
been doing. 

Poor bi>y! he learned to his cost tliat there was no jileasure 
in sin. All liis peace and enjoyment were gone. He ielt 
wretched. Ho could not cxcu.se himself because of ignorance, 
for be had been taught by liis i)arciits that it was wrong to steal, 
and that God was angiy with thieves. At last all his wrong- 
doing came to light. It was discovered l)y a mere accident, and 
he .stood disgraced. In an agony of shame lie confessed all, 
and implored forgivcncsK. His jiarent.s and friends sujipo.sed 
that he was an honest boy; but to their sorrow and dismay he 
was found to be a thief The great grief of his parents and 
his own disgrace made a lasting impres-ioii ujion him. He was 
humbled and a.Oiamcd. In that sad hour, ho resolved that with 
the help of the Lord, he would redeem his character. He had 



»5^- 



BIBLE Q^XJESTIOItTS 

FOll OIR JUVENILES TO ANSWER. 



Ci^TEGHZISIvr 

FOR OIR JUVENILES. 






to regain the confidence of his friends which he had lost, and 
for this he struggled hard. He tbrsook the society of his old 
companions, and went with those whose examples and conduct 
were good. When we knew him last he had grown to be a man 
whose character for integrity and honesty was well established; 
but he could not forget the actions of his boyhood, and when he 
alluded to them he did so with sorrow and regret. 

Children, be honest, never suffer yoiu'selves to take the least 
thing that does not belong to j-ou. The child who does so, and 
continues in such a course, grows up to be a coward and a 
hypocrite, and is shunned by the \'irtuous and the upright. A 
high standard of honesty should be maintained among th.e Lat- 
ter-day Saints. 



WE have just received a copy of the M.\nti Her.^i.p, (No. 
4), F. C. EOBINSON, Editor and Publisher. This beau- 
tiful and interesting little jiaper is j)r!ntcd at Manti, San Pete 
Co. The editor has displayed considerable taste in the arrange- 
ment of his paper, and when we see that the printing is all the 
work of liis own ten, we think that he deserves great credit for 
his jierseverance. The great drawback to the usefulness and 
wide circulation of his paper, we should imagine, is the difficulty 
he must have in nmltijilying copies. In the Editor's corner, 
we find the following on "'Talking;" 

" We never saw many men who were great tallcers. but 
what were at times rather mischievous, for tliey must Iiave 
sulijccts to talk alx'ut, anil when something good is not hand^\-, 
they often take evil to keep tlieniselves in practice ; lor they 
must say something about something or somebody. We refer 
more e.spocialiy to tlie private gossiper, \\\\o neglects his own 
affairs! who is .so very much absorbed in cdrrerting everything 
else; that his own short comings go by him unobserved and 
uncorrected! 

Again, we do not envy that man his disposition who never 
seems more delighted, than wlion lie thinks he has cleverly .said 
something, that hurls the feelings of his brother: and even, 
makes it a nuitter of study, hmv iiest ho may send the arrow of 
malice to the heart of some unoflending object! and even makes 
it a matter of boasting, when accomplished! we repeat: We do 
not envy such a man his ability nor disposition for it reminds 
us too nluch of the spirit that persecuted and killed thel'rophets!'' 



1. What rijyal warrior did Abi'am conquer in a night of battle? 

2. What warrior led a vast army across a deep river without 
the aid of bridges or boats? 

S. What priest had liis two sons .slain in a great battle? 

4. What celebrated warrior was the father of seventy sons? 

.5. AVhat king having a very long name was subdued by 
Othniel? 

(!. What place did Othniel smite and e.mplure, and gained a 
wife thereby? 

7. What king was hung on a tree, and Iiuricd in the ruins of 
his own city? 

8. What judge was the fatlier of thirty sons and thirty 
daughtei's? 



■II. AVhat wicked act of cruelty did the mob do to Josojib on 
a night in jMardi, ls:j2? 

•12. Who were tlie chief leaders of the mob? 

•i;!. When did Joseph start for Jlissouri, to visit the second 
time the jdaee which the Lord had said should l)e the centre 
slake of Zion? 

■II. AVhat happened to him and brother X. K. Witney, when 
reluming to Kirtland? 






.t*9 



\? 



0" TJ "V B ISr I Xj B lOSrSTH-TJCTOIJ.. 



45. How was the power of God uiade manifest in tlieir behalf. 
■Ui. Wliat was the title of the first paper ever published in 
Missouri? 

47. Who made arrangements for publishing it? and when 
w:ls it publislicd? 

48. \Vhcu dill the prophet Joseph see for flic fir^it time Presi- 
dents Hrigliani Young, Heber C. Kimball and .Joseph Young? 

40. %\here did any of the brethren first speak in tongues? and 
wlio were those brethren? 

.<0. What did Joseph then predict concerning President 
Brigham Young? 



For the Juvenile Inslriictor. 



THE cam]) of Zion arrived at Brother Burket's, in Clay 
county, Jlis.'iouri, on the 24th of June, 1834, and wc 
pitched our tents on the prenii.'ses. He told sonic of the breth- 
ren of my company that he had a spare room that some of us 
niicht Ofcujiy if we would cloaii it. Our company accei)tcd the 
ofler. and fearing some other company would get it lirst. left all 
other biL-^iness and went to work, cleaned out the room, and 
immediately spread down their blankets, .«o as to hold a right to 
the room. It was but a short time afterwards tl at our breth- 
ren, who were attacked by cholera, were brouglii in and laid 
upon our bed?. None of us ever used those blankets, for they 
were buried with the dead. So we gained nothing but expe- 
rience by being .selfish, and we lo.«t our bedding. 

I would exhort all my young friends to not cherish .selfish- 
ness; but if you have any, get rid of it as soon as possible. Be 
generous and noble-hearted, kind to your iiarents, brothers, 
sisters and play-mate.s. Never contend with them; but try to 
make peace whenever you can. Whenever you are blessed 
with any good thing, be willing to share it with others. By 
cultivating the.sc prineijiles while you are young, you will lay a 
foundation to do much good through your lives, and you will 
be beloved and respected by the I>ord and all good men. 

I hope all the boys and girls belonging to the Latter day 
Saints will read the Bible, Book of .Mormon, Doctrines and 
Covenants, and JrVKNiI.K IN.sTR^c^Y>R, and all good books and 
papers, that they may thereby treasure up wisdom while young. 
I tnist they will al.-o attend the Sunday Schools, aTid learn to 
jiray night and nioniing, and ask the Lord to keep them from 
telling lies, or stealing, or swearing, or iloing any wicked act. 
that their parents and the Ix)rd may love them, and bless them, 
and that they may have the Spirit of the Lord with them all 
the time. 

It is a great consolation to parents to have their children 
virtuous, lionest, truthful and good; and it cau.scs parents 
grejit (sorrow when their cliililren do wrong. It is alFO a great 
blessing to children to have parents who pray and teach their 
children gofnl principles, and set a good example belore them. 
I 'arents cannot proiH?rly reprove chiMri'ii for doing things which 
they praelice theniMslves. The Lud has a gT<!at work and 
bleshings in store for thechildR-n of the Latter-day Sainls, and 
they hhould improve their lime while young (o ((ualify tliem- 
wlvi:s for the great lalxjrs of life. They should not only obtain 
a good education an<l Ite prepaa'd to transict leinporal business. 
but shouM liecnmeaniuaint'Ml with the gosjiel and the- purposes 
of (i<ni concerning the last days, as ho hui« revealed them 
through his hcrvanls the prophetn. 

Hotli parents and ehildren should rend the ninth paragmph 
of the twcnly-s<eonil so'tion of the l>oeiritii' and Covi'iianls, on 
page KiO. We cjin there see that the Lird holds all pareiilH 
ri'siKinsible who dwill in Zion, or any of lnr SlukcN, who neglect 
t^i teach their chililren the gos|>el of Christ. I'arenlH arc com- 
manded to teach their children the Kosi>el, so that when ihoy 




are eight years old they may be baptized, also to observe the 
Sabbath day to keep it holy. All children should understand 
when their parents teach them good principles, and require 
them to go to meeting and to Sabbath schools, that the Ijc>rd 
has commanded their parents to do this, and if they did not do 
this they would be under condemnation. All children should 
learn to pray while they are yoiuig, then the Lord will love 
them and pour out his Spirit ujion them, and they will have 
good dreams and visions, and will have faith to be healed when 
they are sick, and they will be preserved from all great sins, 
and the devil will not have dominion over them; but the Lord 
will reign over them, and they will be his saints and dwell with 
him forever. W. W. 



THE 



For the Juvenile In-ifmctor. 

Z-E B le. J^ . 



THE Zebra is a beautiful animal, shaped somewhat like the 
horse and ass, and banded with beautiful striiies of 
different colors. There are two s])ceies of this animal, one 
known as the common Zebra, and the other called Barchcll's 
Zebra, both natives of south .\friea. The fonner one is a pure 
white ground-color, striped with numerous glossy jet black 
bands; while the latter is banded with black and brown stripes, 
though its belly aud legs are white. 

But few Zebras have been tamed and domesticated, even 
where they are mo.->t easily obtained; still they are sometimes 
offered for Side in Cai)e Town in South Africa; and they are 
occasionally carried to this and other countries to be exliibitcd 
among collections of wild animals. 

The common Zebra is con- 
fined to the inoiintaiiious re- 
gion of South Africa. ''The 
herds graze on the steci) bill 
side, with a sentinel posted 
on some adjacent crag, ready 
to sound the alarm in ca.se of 
any susi)icious apiiroach to 
their feeding quarters; and 
no sooner is the alarm given 
than away they scamper with 
jiricked ears, and whisking their, tails aloft, to places where few 
if any would venture. 

Of the Burchell's Zebra, the same writer says;— "Instinct 
having taught the.-e beautifid animals that in union eonsist.s 
their strength, they combine in a compact body when menaced 
by an attack either from man or beast; and, it overtaken by the 
foe, they unite for mutual defence, with their heads together in 
a close circular band, presenting their heels to the enemy, aud 
dealing out kicks with espial liirce and abundance." 

Our young readers, and, indiu'd, all mankind, might gain a 
valuable le.<.son from the comliined actio:! of thc.M,' wild animals; 
and learn that union ever gives power; ami that united ellort 
will accomplish labors which divided exertions can not perform. 




THE .>L\(:i(' (I.VS-IIOrSE.— Take some coal-dust, and 
with il (ill the ImiwI of a clay pipe; cement the top of the pipe 
over with some clay; place the bowl in llu' lire, and soon smoke 
will Ih! seen issuing from the end of the stem; when that has 
cea.sed coming, ajiply a light, and it will binii for .••everal min- 
utes. After it ha.s ceased, take the pijie from the fire and let it 
cool, then remove the clay, and a i)ie(r of coke will be found 
inside. 

Nkver Ih) afraid of doing little becnmic you cannot do nmeh. 



,^ 



SS^i^"^ 



■e^ 






■*9c; 



<t^ 46 



cr TJ "v^ E n^ 1 1-. E in^STie^TJCTOi^. 






w 



i^oc the Juvenile Instructor. 



sajitel's ppopkect— Lifiirr for THiRn--six hours. 



BY the preacliing and labors of NepM and LeU the greater 
part of tlie Lamanitcs were converted to the Lord and 
became a much more righteous and faithful people tlian the 
Neiihites. Some of the Lauianites came to the land of Zara- 
henila to preach to the Xephites, and many of the latter be- 
lieved on their words and repented of tlicir sins and became 
veiy good people. But the greater part of the Nephites became 
very wicked, so that some among them murdered the Chief 
Judge. Cezoram. and also his son who succeeded him. A great 
many also joined Gadianton's band of robbers and murderers, 
so that there was very little \irtue or peace in the land, and no 
safety for any one who incurred the displeasure of these organ- 
ized ruffians. 

In the eighty sixth year of the reign of the Judges over the 
people of Nephi. Samuel, a Lamauite, came among them, being 
sent of God to preach to and rebuke them for their wickedness. 
He prophesied about the coming of Jesus Christ, which he 
said would take place in five years, and foretold the great won- 
ders that should happen when he was born. He told them 
that the night before Jesus should be born, though the sun 
should set as usual, there should be no darkness, but the night 
should be as light as the day; so that it would be like one long 
day of thirty-.six hours. Also, that a new star should arise, 
such an one as they had never seen before. He also told them 
that at the time Jesus should be put to death at Jerusalem, 
there .should be darkness in all the landofXcphi for thiee daj-s. 
That there should be terrible thundering, lightnings and earth- 
quakes; that many cities should be destroyed, many mountains 
levelled and valleys broken up, and that the whole face of the 
countrj- should be changed. All this aiijjeared like idle tales 
and nonsense to those wicked, unbelieving people, and they 
tried to kill Sanuiel; but the Lord dehvcred him, and so he 
escaped out of their hands, and never came to them any more. 
Xephi, in the mean time, had al.so left the country, for he could 
not bear to behold the wickedness of his brethren, and no one 
knew whither he went, nor was he seen any more; he had given 
the plates and sacred writings into the charge of his son, who 
was named after his father, Nephi. 

Five years after the proi^hecy of Samuel, and ju.st six hun- 
dred years from the time Lehi left Jei'iisalem, the wicked 
among the Nephites had set apart a day whun they would kill 
all who believeil in Samuel's prophecy unless it came to pass 
before that time. Young Xephi was very .sorrowful when he 
learne<l this; not so much on his own account as for his breth- 
ren and sistei's who believed in Je.<us and looked for his coming. 
So, the day previous to the one appointed for the death of all 
the believers, "he went out by himself to pray, and cried 
mightily to the Lord. And the voice of the Lord came unto 
him. saying, "Be of good cheer, for on this night shall the sign 
be given, and on the morrow come I into the world." Then 
Nejihi and all the iicople of the Lord were comforted. That 
night there was no darkness, and great fear came upon the 
wicked when they saw the i)ro|)hocy was fullillcd^ Many, also, 
who had not believed before, now repented of their sins and 
were bajitized by Ncidii. 

But most of them soon relapsed into wickcdncs.% again, and 
the Gadianton robbers became so numerous and powerful, and 




committed so many outrages and murders, that the good among 
both the Lamanites and Nephites had to unite for mutual de- 
fence, and a terrible war ensued, which lasted for about twelve 
years and resulted in the destruction or captm'e of all the 
Gadianton robbers. 

After this the Nephites had peace and great prosperity for a 
few years; but they soon began to forget God again and re- 
lapsed into a state of awful wickedness. The Lord sent good 
men, inspired by His Holy Spirit, to reprove them and preach 
repentance to them; many of these they put to death, they 
murdered the Chief Judge, who was a good man, in the judg- 
ment seat, and broke up the government, the people being 
di\ ided into factions or tribes, with a ruler over each. These 
tribes did not make war upon each other, though they were 
jealous of one another and all hated those who were good. 
They particularly hated Nephi, who was one of the best men 
that ever lived, and had great faith and power with God, so 
that angels nnnistered to him constantly, and he had jiower to 
raise the dead and do many other mighty miracles. But the 
Nephites had never been so wicked as they were now. 



a? h: E sEOi^^ET. 



THERE were two little sisters in a house whom nobody could 
see without loving, for they were always so happy together. 
They had the same books and the same playthings, but never a 
quarrel sprang up between them — no cross words, no pouts, no 
slaps, no running away in a pet. On the green before the door, 
trundling a hoop, playing with Kover, or helping mother, they 
were always the same sweet tempered little girls. 

"You never seem to quarrel," Isaid to them one day, — "how 
is it you are always so happy together?" 

They looked up, and the eldest answered: "I s'pose it's 
because Addic lets me and Ihf Addie." 

I thought for a moment. "Ah, that is it," said I? "she lets 
you, and you let her . ' ' 

Did you ever think what an apple of discord "not letting" is 
among children? Even now while I have been writing a great 
cry was heard under the window. I looked out. 

"Gerty, what is the matter?" 

"^lary won't let me have her ball," bellows Gerty. 

"^Vell, Gertj' wouldn't let me have her pencil in school," 
cried JMary, "and 1 don't want that she should have my ball." 

"Fie, fie, is that the way sisters should treat each other?" 

"She shan't have my pencil," muttered Gerty, ".she'll losS" 
it." 

"And .you'll only lose my ball," retorted Mary; "and I shan't 
let you have it. ' ' 

The "not letting" principle is downright disobligingness, and 
a disobliging spirit begets a great deal of quarreling. 

These little girls, Addie and her .si.ster, have learned the true 
secret of good manners. Addie lets Riise and Hose lets Addie. 
They are yielding, kind, unselfish, and always ready to oblige 
each other. Neither wishes to liave her own way at the expense 
of the other. And do you not lu\e them already'? — Selected. 



TireRE is not in the world a surer sign of a little soul, than 
the .striving to gain respect by such despicable means as dross 
and rirli clothes; none will depend on these ornaments but 
they wlio have no other. 

"TiiK peace of the .school may be easily broken. Pride will 
break it — discontent will break it — anger will break it — envy 
will break it. Keep quietness in your class, and peace in your 
heart." 




j"Tj^Ensrii_,E in^sTi?.TJoa?oi^, 







IP I^ O 1= H E T . 



ti3:e 




MAN by the name of William P. Penis- 
ton, who was a colonel of militia, offoroJ 
himself as a candidate for Kein'osentativc 
from Daviess count}- to the State Legisla- 
ture. He was opposed to the saints and 
had led the mob in flay county against 
them. The election was to be held on 
the t)th day of August, 18.'58, and Peniston 
and his friends were determined, so they 
declared, that the saints should not vote, 
md they laid their iilans to that eiffct. On the 
<lay of the election Peniston mounted a barrel at 
(Jallatin, the |innei pal town in I)aviess county, 
and made an exciting speech against the Saints. 
He accused Joseph and the rest of the leading 
elders of being horse thieves, liars, counterfeiters 
and everything that was vile, and urged the jieoiile 
not to let the members of the church settle in that 
county or vote. In his speech he also boasted of 
4^ having licaded a mob to drive the saints out of Clay 
county. When he made his speech some of the brethren were 
there for the purpo.se of voting. 

After he had finislicd the mob commenced to assail them. 
There were ten of the mob to every one of the brethren, and 
for about ten minutes there was one continued scene oi' knock- 
ing down The brethren defended themselves manfully, and 
fought like lions. They felt that they were American citizcTis, 
and that their fathei-s had fought for their liberty, and they 
would maintain the same principles. Though the mob were .so 
numerous, they got worsted, .-several had their skulls cracked, 
and they were glad to disjierse to get their fire-arms. 1'he mob 
afterward.s rallied from various quartei-s in great numbers, 
armed with clubs, pistols, dirks and guns. They swore ven- 
geance on the saints. The brethren, seeing the danger with 
which they were threatened, held a council to devise measures 
for their safety. Not having arms, it was decided that they 
should return to their I'arms, collect their families and hide them 
in a thicket of hazel brush. This they did. They had suti'ered 
from mob violence, and they knew by bitter experience how 
cruel wicked men could be; they, therefore, took the needed 
precautions to .sceure themselves. During that night it rained, 
and the women an<l children were compelled to lie on the 
ground, without any shelter, while the men stood seiitiy 
around them. 

These were the kind of sufTcrings, cliildren, which those who 
Ixilonged U> the church in those days.had to endure. They were 
in the miilst of their enemies like slieej) among wolves. They 
were few in numl»cr and poor, while those who hated them 
were numerous and powerful. They had no power to clcmand 
their rights. 'I'hi'y hail to depend upon the justice of others 
for these. IJut in every' instance they were withheld. M'lio 
thought tliat the ".Mormons," as they saintM were tailed, lia<l 
any riglits? In tliose days, in Missouri, drunkards, thieves and 
murdcri^rs had rightn. Men who banded together in mobs, and 
burni'd hoUH's, Hlmt stock, drove intiiM!<'iil |>eoplc from their 
homes and were guilty of all kinds ofvioU-nce, had rights. Hut 
the I.<atlcr-<lay Saints who endured all these wrongs had none. 
They were cx|M!ct4-d U> Huimiit to every indignity and outrage ■ 
wliich their oncmieH chomi to place upon them. This has all > 



'a^^'^ 



changed. For years the Lord has given His people rest from 
their enemies. Our little readers shoidd place a high value 
upon the peaceful homes which the Lord has given them in 
these valleys; for there are no enemies here who have the power 
to molest them or their parents. 

The next morning, after the difficulty at Gallatin, the report 
reached l''ar AN'est, through pei-sons who did not belong to the 
church, that two or three brethren had been killed there, and 
had been left upon the ground and could not be buried by their 
friends. This report created some excitement, especially when 
the brethren heard also that the majority of the people of 
Daviess county were determined to drive the .saint,s from that 
county. Upon hearing the report, Josejjh, accompanied by his 
brother Hyrum and Sidney liigdon and a number of other 
brethren, started for Gallatm. On the way they were joined by 
some of the brethren who had been attacked by the mob. At 
Lynuin AVight's in Daviess county, Joseph was much i' lieved 
in learning that, although some of the brethren were badly 
wounded by the as.saults of the mob, none were killed. 

The next day, Jo.seph, still accompanied by .some of the breth- 
ren, called on several persons. Among others they called on 
Adam Dluek. a ju.stice of the peace. This man had sold his farm 
to Brother A'inson Knight, and had received part of the pay 
therefor according to the agreement. Aftei-wards he uuited 
with a band of mi>bbcrs to drive the saints from Daviess county. 
Many others who had sold jilaces and had got the pay, or a 
part of it, did the same To drive the saints otf was an easy 
way of getting ]io.<session of their old places again without pay- 
ing for them. Black was (lUestioned by the brethren, aud con- 
fessed what he had done. Joining the mob, and acting as he 
had, was a violation of his oath as a magistrate Of course no 
man could be tnisted as an officer who would do this. Joseph 
and his company wanted to obtain some satisfaction from him 
about his future course, whether ho was going to be a friend or 
an enem}'. They wanted him to .sign an agreement of peace. 
This he was afraid to do. He said, however, that he would 
write something himself that would satisfy them, and he would 
sign it. He did so. We must give our little friends a copy of 
what he wrote. It is worth reading and preserving. 

The spelling we give is that of the original document. 

"I Adam Hliiek n .lustiec of the peace of Daviess county, do 
lierel)y surtify tn the |)uopli' I'ok'd Mniiiiin. tliat he is Imund to 
su])ort th<< i-(i'iistilnlii>ii of this Stiilc. ami of liu' I'liited State, 
and lie is not allaihed tn any niuli. nor will nut attach himself 
to any such people, and so ioni; as tlwy will not molest me, t 
will hot molest them. This the Mh ilav of August, 163S." 
"Adam Black J. I'." 



THIE .i^Tls/EOSI^'IiEI^E. 



THE air forms a great ocean which surrounds the earth every 
where, and in which plants and animals live, in the same 
manner that .sea-weeds and tishes live and grow in water. 

Have y<m .seen crawtish and mu.s,scls, creeping on the sand at 
the bottom of the river, and ti.shes swimming above tl em 
through the water? In the same maimer men and beasta walk 
about on the earth, while birds fly through the air over their 
heads. We keep oiu'selvcs alive by breathing the air uboui u.s, 
but (ishcs breathe the water in which they live; .so the water is 
to them what the air is to us. 

The depth of the oee;in has been mi'asured in many placs, 
and about live miii-s is I he ih'epest water that has Ih'cu found. 
We hav<i not yet heiri able to measure the liight of the 
iitmiiniilirn; which is the name philo.soj)hei>i give to the oi-ean 
of air in which we live. It has been variously ODtimated at 
from forty to one hundivd miles in hight. 

Tile ttir hm< weight, though it u vciy light. If we t«ke 



■^^ 




*^ 4z8 



CTTJATEn^ILEl IISTSTI^TJCTOI^ 



a vessel containing one liundred cubic inches of air and weigh it 
when full, and then pump the air out of it, we will find that it 
will weigh thirty-one grains less when empty than when full. 
"We find, in this manner, that one hundred cubic inches of air 
weighs thirty-one grains. If the air be warmer than sixty 
degrees, it will not weigh so much, and if it be colder, it 
will weigh more; for the air swells liy being heated, so that one 
hundred cubic inches, at sixty degrees, will be one hundred and 
five cubic inches, if heated to one hundred degrees; but the one 
hundred and five inches will weigh no more than the one 
hundred did before it was heated. 

The weight of the atmosphere makes a pressure of about 
fifteen pounds on everj' square inch of the surface of bodies on 
the earth, when they are at the level of the ocean. But the air 
presses equally in all directions, — that is, as nmch upward 
as downward, and as much ou one side of a body as on the 
other, — and, therefore, we do not feel the hundreds of pounds 
of air we are carrying about with us all the time. To prove 
that the air presses upward as well as downward, take a 
common glass tumbler with a smooth rim, fill it even fiJl of 
water, lay a sheet of thick writing pajier on it and press it 
firmly with the palm of the hand, and, holding it so, turn the 
glass up.^ide down; then remove the hand, and the water will 
remain in the glass, held up by the upward pressure of the air 
on the paper. — Selected. 






w 



TO 



J^of the Jiirrnilc In.sl}-ticto>: 
SECOND VOLLME OF .JLVENILE IN.STIIUCIOR. 



O welcome, welcome, Juvenile 
Instructor! Friend of j'outh: 

You come witli a most gracious smile, 
Replete with love and truth. 

Genial visitor of light, 

With piercing, .sparkling eyes, 
Your presence niiikcs us feel so bright 

Like stars up in the skies. 

Your style we very iniu'h .n|iprove; 

Your voice is <'lear and sweet. 
Your influence will sloth remove, — 

So digiiitied, — so neat! 

You are ,i faithful friend in need; 

A patriotic guest; 
LaboriiiR to root out every weed, 

And planting plants, the best. 

CiiHing the sweets of nioiinluiii llowers; 

Pointing to living springs; 
Improving cliildhood's golileu hours; 

Unfolding wondrous things; 

Opening wide Lifii'.s crystal gato, 
'I'h.it talent may pass through, 

Arr.Hved in robes of Virgin state 
J5ringing great wortli to view. 



Siirooi.nov. 



A NOnLK BOY.— ''Why did you not pocket some of those 
pears?" .said one boy to another; ''nobody was there to see.' — 
'■Ye.s, there was — I was there to .see myself, and I don't ever 
mean to .sec myself do a mean thing." 



[?^3<- 






Great Salt Lake City, JIarch 12th, 1867. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

It is now some weeks since I concluded my labors as travel- 
ing agent for your jjaper. I do not know of any better way 
than through your columns, to convey my sineere'thanks to the 
Bishops, the local agents for the Instructor, and many others 
in tlie various settlements, northward as far as Franklin, and 
southward as far as Fort Gunnison, for their kindness and 
hospitality to myself and for the valuable aid rendered me by 
theiu in accomplishing my business. I lielieve I am not alone 
in my appreciation of those kind acts; Ijut am satisfied that, 
were your own sentiments expressed, they would be, that in as 
much" as they done it unto me they done it unto yourself. 

The feelings of the people in tlie settlements in relation to the 
iNSTRUCvroR could scarcely be better. In every place I visited 
it was spoken of in the highest terms of commendation; your 
swelling suljscription lists give ample proof of this. 

If I hail space, I might give some of my own ideas resiiecting 
your paper, and the benefits that will arise from its being pre- 
sented before the children of the Saints. So far as I have been 
able to learn from oljservation, I am of opinion tliat the human 
mind is like everything else in nature; wlien youngand tender 
deep impressions I'an easily be made upon it.' When impres- 
sions for good are made upon tlie minils of children, tliey are 
like so many precious germs implanted in a genial soil, whicli 
will soriietime spring ujj, blossom and bear beautiful and 
delicious fruit. 

In view of the good results that I am convinced will flow from 
the circulation of the Jitvenile Instructor, among the 
Latter-day Saints, I have felt blessed in travelling in its cause, 
and advocating its interest, and know that the Spirit of God 
accompanied me. 

I ^vill conclude by echoing the sentiments of all good Latter- 
day Saints, ^vho in'any degree comprehend the nature of this 
great Ijatter-day Work, in saying may God bless yourself and 
every other faithful servant of God, in every undertaking that 
will "in any way tend to increase the power, greatness and glory 
of Zion. Your tiiother, 

John Nicholson. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



CI3:^^I^-/^IDES 



BY (1. R. 



I atn composed of 8 letters: 

I^Iy 1, 2, (J, 8, is an ancient apostle. 

jMy G, 4, 3, 8, 7. is the mother of a great propliet. 

jMy 8, 7, 5, 6, 4, 3, is a prophet who reproved a king. 

My 1, 2, .'j, 4, ("i, is an ancient prophet. 

JIv whole is a true friend to a king of Israel. 



Bfi^TriE following have correctly an.swered the charade in 
No. 4. The answer is Voices fkom N.wuhe; — W. T. K. 
Swan; J. H. Anderson; (1. S. Lincoln; -J. (Gilbert; S. Norton 
Cook: C. M. Younff; K. A. liean; E. Wells; I). W. Patten; 
D. Billing.s; A. N. 'Billings, jr.; S. E. ]5ollwinkel; .Joseph H. 
liuniell; M. E. lAIorgati; Thos. A. Howell; AValter J. Lewis. 

(1. K. Emery correctly answered the (luestioiis in the cate- 
chism published in No. 4. 



crxj^zEZsriLE insrsTi^TJOTOi?. 

Iff published ill Great Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
OX TIIF, FIRST & FIFTEICNTH OF KVFRY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Shigle Copy, per Annum S-'i 00 

Bintjle Copy, for Hix Months 1 .50 

^r^ If i.<t rrprrtrtl where aacnts fnru^ard nnines Ihey leitl be veupmwiihlc 
f'tr the i)apers thus ordci-ed: and lehen Cush pai/nients are ntade, Viey 
will ptease forward them ivith the latter containinu the names of the 
sutisrribers. 

Jfi- F.lder ll'fii. II. Sticarman, Logan, will ael as General Agent for 
Otche \'nUeii. 

as- Groin l,nurih( to this Cil.u for the JuvENii.K Instructor will be 
received at the of/ice of our paper— Dksev.kt: News iluii-niNOS. 



'Il^t^ 




