33 



^i•> • W il.»» >,l| 



SS' 




THE 



JUVENILE 



INSTRUCTOR, 

A Semi-Monthly Illustrated Paper, 



DESIGNED EXPRESSLY FOR THE EDUCATION AND ELEVATION OF THE YOUTH. 



©vV 



gut with all thy getting get understanding. — SOLOMOJT 
9~here in no excellence without labor. 



eijIdei^ c3-Eoi^a-E Q.. aJLi<Ti<roi<T, eiditoi?/. 



■a, A «s jvs) 



VOLUME FOUR--FOR THE YEAR 1869. 



J/a 



Published by OEOROC: Q. CAJ^MOIT, 

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH TERRITORY 







Digitized by tine Internet Arcliive 

in 2011 witli funding from 

Corporation of tine Presiding Bisliop, Tine Cliurcli of Jesus Clirist of Latter-day Saints 



littp://www.arcliive.org/details/juvenileinstruct41geor 



CONTENTS. 



Angel Whisperings to the dying child, 48 

Among the Icebergs, 106, 116, 124, 130, 138, 150 

Avoid needless peril, 125 

Adventures of Paul du Chaillu, 176, 179 

Anecdotes of Dogs, 189 

Annie's sympathy, 192 

Blessed are the Peacemakers, 1 
Brave Dog Bobby, The, 11 
Bread and Milk, 20 
Bethlehem, 57 

Bashan, The giant cities of, 65 
Bashikonay, The, 66 
Baboon, The, 73 
Bear Story, A, 75 
Beauty Everywhere, 112 
Bible Chronology, 148 
Baby's First Tooth, 164 
Beautiful Snow, 200 
Burmese Funeral, A 203 
Blind Beggar's Dog, The 204 
BillCuUom. 208 

Chemistiy of Common Things — Bone, 6, 14; Horns, 
Hoofs, Hair, 27; Wool, 46; Ashes, 51 62; Elements, 
67 78; Osygen, 86 90 103; Hydrogen, 109; Carbon, 
114; Nitrogen, 125; Chlorine, 133; Sulphur, 139; Phos- 
phorus, 149; Fluorine, 155; Iodine 162; Silicon, 171; 
Boron, 178; Non-Metals, 186; Metals, 199; Potas- 
sium, 202 

Conversation, A 8 

Charades, 8 16 24 32 40 64 72 80 88 96 104 112 128 
136 139 168 

Catechism, 16 28 

Comforts of Home, 24 

Correspondence, 32 96 

Cedars of Lebanon, The 81 

Cunning Thrush, The 82 

Cubit, A 83 

Charlemagne's Wonderful Horn, 87 

Cultivate Order, 88 

Count Ginzendorf and the Dove, 108 

Contented Group, A 117 

Childish Faith, 135 

Cinderella, 168 

Cotton Manufacture, 175 182 190 194 203 

Chinese Punishment, 185 

Cat and the Key, The 187 

Dog, The 125 

Dwarfs, 132 

Drover and his Child, A 135 

Discovery of Gold in California, 193 

Don't be Cruel 197 

Editorial Thoughts, 4 12 20 100 108 116 124 132 140 

148 156 164 172 180 188 196 204 
Edom and the Edomites, 17 25 
Elephant Nursing a Baby, An 40 , 
Elephant Fight, An 169 

Foolish Thoughts, 85 
Father is Coming, 88 
Filial Affection, 112 
Fly and the Bee, The 139 
Flowers of the Field, The 141 
Forgive and Forget 181 
Future, The 184 



Gospel, A few words about the 15 

Gluttony, 32 

Giraife in the Farm-yard, The 35 

Ghost Story, A 62 

Giant Cities of Bashan, The 65 

Gambling, 101 

Giants, 123- 

Gleaning, 133 

How Thermometers are made, 115 

Hyacinthe, The 152 

Hugh Latimer, 156 

Hunting Buffalo 157 

Have the Courage to say No, 160 

Hunting Reindeer, 165 

Haydn, the Composer, 181 

Horse and the Drowning Sailors, The 196 

History of Joseph Smith (see Joseph Smith the Prophet) 

Hindoo Fakir, The 205 

Industry better than Idleness, 37 
Influence, 85 

Interesting Interview, 121 
I'll Keep my Eyes Shut, 131 
Isaac Newton 150 

Joseph Smith, the Prophet, 2 10 23 31 39 47 60 59 71 
76 82 93 101 119 126 130 143 146 159 167 174 184 
191 199 206 
, Jacob asking Laban for his Daughter, 5 

Joseph Interpreting the King's Dream, 9 

Joseph Proclaimed the King's Minister, 2' 

Jordan, Up and Down the, 33 

Joseph in Egypt, 38 

Joseph Presenting his Father to Pharaoh, 41 

Jacob's Well, 45 

Joseph and Mary Fleeing into Egypt, 153 

Jays, The European 201 

Kittens, The Six, 32 
Kindness, The Power of, 84 
Kindness, 88 
King's Mistake, The 111 

Little Girl and the Chickens, The 13 

Little George, 18 26 34 54 

Little Willie, 19 30 47 53 63 66 74 90 107 118 134 144 

147 154 163 170 
Little Feet, 35 
Love is the Best Force, 37 
Little Nellie's Red Nose, 63 
Lost Child, The 64 
Little Things, 92 
Louis Napoleon 113 
Looking out for Mother, 136 
"Little by Little," 152 
Leopard of the Air, The 194 

Mottoes, 8 

Maiden's Blush, A 16 
Molly's funny song, 56 
Mount Lebanon, 77 
Milk at Second Hand, 123 

Miner's Safety Lamp, The 158 166 • 

Mount Blanc, 161 

Mr. Nobody, 179 rr. la- 

Monkeys and the Red Caps, ihe 187 



Nazareth, 49 

Night in a Log House, A 64 

Our Mountain Home, 4 
Ourang-Outang, The 69 
Our Southern I'rip, 86 
Otter, The 93 

Owl and the Magpie, The 140 
Overcome Difficulties, 140 
Ostrich, The 183 

Poetry, 4 16 24 32 35 40 48 56 64 68 72 88 96 104 112 
120 128 136 148 152 160 164 172 179 184 192 200 208 
Pet Lamb, The 89 
Playing with Fire, 100 
Pins— How they are made, 102 
Precious Little Plant, The 104 
Picture, A 128 
Puma, The 168 
Pig and the Hen, The 172 
Prompted by Love, 181 
Pangolin, 197 

Rosy Feather Star, The 95 
Reed Warbler, The 125 
Roman Mother, A 173 
Rambles in China, 198 

Story of American History, The 3 15 22 29 43 55 58 70 

79 83 94 97 
School Boy Recollections, 7 
Sagacity and Instincts of Animals, 71 
Sabbath School Magazines 91 
Snuff Box, The 104 
Salt Money, 107 
Sky, The 111 



Silk Manufacture, 127 134 141 

Shrike, The 129 

Saving Fragments, 136 

Suttee, 207 

Story for Boys, A 207 

Twenty Years Ago, 6 13 21 28 36 44 52 60 68 78 84 92 93 

Thrush, The Cunning, 82 

Three Noble Children, 95 

Tortoise. The Pet 105 

Thou Shalt Not Steal, 109 

Take Care, 120 

Two Faces, The 136 

Thebes, 137 

Tyre, 145 

Tiger, The 177 

True Secret, The 181 

Talk with our Little Readers, 1 87 

To Be or To Seem, 202 

Under the Pear Trees, 72 

Voices of Angels, 96 
Valuable Dog, A 124 

Where's my Baby? 40 

Waterspouts, 53 61 

Words for the Boys to Remember, 6S 

Writing, 87 

Wilhelm, the Knife Grinder, 98 110 117 

Wise Dogs, 103 

Wise Choice, A 140 

Words, 208 

Widow, The Little 206 

Yellow Hammer, The 149 



•^1 



l^i^ 



" 1 5 




VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CiTY, JANUARY 2, 18G9. 



NO. 1. 



BIL.E3SSEX) .A.K.E THIE I='EJ^O-E-3Vn^^ICElIl.S. 



?'5t 



HERE is a picture of two boys who are about to fight one 
another. It is likely they have been playing together, 
for you can see some of their t03's on the ground. No doubt 
some dispute arose between them, about one splitting the other's 
peg top (you can see the two halves lying on the ground) and 
they have been quarreling about it, and now they feel so angry 
that they 
woald kill 
each other 
if they 
could. You 
can see, by 
their faces, 
that a very 
bad spirit 
has posses- 
s i o Tl of 
them; and 
this spirit 
is catching, 
for the very 
roosters by 
their side 
seem in- 
clined to 
fieht each 
other. But 
look at that 
good boy 
who is try- 
ing to sepa 
rate and 
make peace 
between 
them. See 
what a no- 
ble counte- 
nance he 
has, how 
frank and 
pleasing he 
looks, so 
d iffe rent 

from the other boys. This is because he has the Spirit of God 
in him, which teaches him to love and make peace. 

Do you think it is right to quarrel and tight, or that there is 
any quarreUng in heaven? Uh, no! In heaven they all love 
one another, and perfect peace prevails. So it should be on 



earth; and Jesus says that [those who love and try to make 
peace shall be blessed and called the children of God. What 
a great privilege and blessing to have God for our father and 
friend. But whosa children must those be T?ho lore to quarrel 
and fight^^and try to make others do so too? They cannot 
expect that God will have them for his children. But is it 

never right 
tofightf It 
i s some- 
times, but 
not very of- 
ten. It ia 
best to give 
way and not 
quarrel 
over little 
things. 
Brave boys 
and men 
iie always 
generous 
and noble, 
iiid they 
will bear a 
<i eat deal 
iiefore they 
will fight, 
[t would be 
right to 
light in self 
lefense, or 
) defend 
an innocent 
uid weak 
poison or 
nation, a- 
g a in st a 
-trong and 
rtRkcdone. 
liitbecame 
necessary it 
would be 
right to 
I fi"ht to defend our families and the servants of God who bear 
{the holy priesthood. But it is not right to fight with 
' our brethren and sisters, whether big or little, even it they 
do wrong us sometiaies. The J.ord has told us that we must try, 
i by every means in our power, to make peace, even with our 




Vi^9 



,s^^. 



s 



0" TJ "V E 1^ I L E in^STI^TJOTOI^, 



^(Q> 



enemies, and that we must bear a great deal, even from the 
wicked, before we fight them. But if, after pleading with 
them for peace, and doing all in our power to obtain it, they 
continue to try to destroy us, then God will justify us in defend- 
ing ourselves and families, and will help us to do so. But 
neither boys nor men should ever fight until they feel so confi- 
dent that they are right, that they can go on their knees and 
ask God to help and strengthen and give them victory. That 
may seem a funny idea to some of you, but it is right. Then 
you would fight in a very different spirit from the boys in the 
picture — not from a feeling of hatred or revenge, but from a 
desire to defend the right, and you would be very likely to win- 

S. 



iiogt^itl^ 






TSIE 




?3l 



OSEPH was much beloved by the Saints. 
It was a different feeling to that enter- 
tained by children for a parent, or by 
husbands and wives for each other. It 
was love and veneration combined. We 
understand the feeling better than we 
can describe it. It was not a disposition to 
worship him, yet it was probably as much 
akin to that as could be felt for mortal man 
and not be sinful. To us he always looked 
angelic, and to the eyes of the majority, pro- 
bably, he appeared similar. You can under- 
stand, therefore, children why the brethren were 
so glad to see him. They hugged and kissed 
him, and cried with joy. It was a great relief to 
them to find him alive and well. They had been 
anxious about his safety; for they knew if his 
. (_ ..^ enemies should succeed in running him olf to Mis- 
souri, what his fate would be could the mobbers of that State 
have their way. But now they saw him, and they were with 
him to defend him. If he had to die, it would be a pleasure 
to die defending him. There was no necessity however, for 
this. Reynolds and Wilson would have been pleased to have 
raised a mob to kidnap or kill him; but they had been thwart- 
ed, and they were powerless. 

Joseph told his lawyers that Nauvoo was tlie nearest place 
where writs of habeas corpus could be heard and determined. 
This power was granted unto the Municipal Court of Nauvoo 
in the charter given by the State Legislature. The lawyers 
examined the subject, and decided he was correct. They 
turned their steps towards Nauvoo, which gladdened Joseph 
very much. Once there and he felt that he would be among 
his friends and safe. He sent a messenger to Nauvoo to inform 
the people of this change, the news of which was received 
with great pleasure by them. 

This was on the 29th of June, 1^43. On the next day the 
Nauvoo Brass and Martial Bands, and Joseph's wife — who 
had proceeded to Nauvoo after his arrest — his brother Hyrum, 
and a number of the principal inhabitants in carriages, started 
to meet him. By the time the company met Joseph it had 
swelled to a considerable size, and with the company that was 
with him (one hundred and forty men on horseback) the pro- 



cession became an imposing one. When the company from 
the city came up, Joseph said he thought he would ride a httle 
easier, and he got out of the buggy in which he had been 
riding. He embraced his wife and his brother Hyrum, who 
shed tears of joy at his return; and in this they were not alone, 
the most of the great company did the same. Joseph mounted 
his favorite horse, "Old Charley," which had been brought 
out to meet him, the band struck up "Hail Columbia," and 
the pi'ocession marched towards the city. 

The situation was an interesting one: Joseph was a prisoner 
in the hands of Reynolds, the agent of Missouri, and Wilson, 
his assistant. They wore prisoners in the hands of Sheriff 
Campbell, who had delivered Joseph and them into the 
hands of Colonel Markham; and they were all guarded 
by the brethren from Nauvoo, so that none of them could 
escape. But Joseph did not go into Nauvoo as a prisoner. 
His march was like that of a conqueror. The scene was an 
exceedingly interesting one. As the procession neared the 
city the streets were lined on both sides with the people, whose 
faces beamed with joy at seeing their beloved prophet and 
leader once more safe. Amid their cheers, the firing of cannon 
and the most intense enthusiasm Joseph marched into the city. 
So great was the eagerness to see him and get close to him 
that it required a number of men to keep the streets open for 
the procession to pass. Joseph's mother was at his house 
awaiting his arrival, and tears of joy rolled down her aged 
cheeks as she behold and embraced her beloved son, and wel- 
comed him once more in safety from the hands of his enemies. 

Joseph's friends who had come with him from Dixon beheld 
these scenes with astonishment. They had never seen such a 
sight. They had heard him called an impostor and false 
prophet, and that he was a tyrant seeking to enslave his 
followers, and to get power and riches at their expense. But 
these exhibitions of love and devotedness, which they saw 
extended on all hands towards him, could not be the tribute 
which a people in free America brought and laid at the feet of 
one who had deceived and oppressed them. It was not fraud 
and violence, deception and wrong that called forth such mani- 
festations as these. The people's best earthly friend, their 
affectionate father, guide and counselor had been preserved 
from threatening and serious danger, and had been brought 
back to them again, and the pent-up feelings of their hearts, 
broke forth with a power which almost surprised themselves; 
for they scarcely knew the depth of their own feelings and the 
strength of their attachment towards him. It required an 
extraordinary occasion hke the present, when he whom they 
loved had just escaped a great peril, to make them fully con- 
scious of how near he was to them. 

The multitude seemed unwilling to disperse without hearing 
his voice. So he climbed the fence, and told them that he was 
out of the hands of the Missourians again, for which he thanked 
God; and he thanked them for all their kindness and love to 
him and blessed them in the name of the Lord. He then told 
them that he sliould address them at the grove, near the Tem- 
ple, at four o'clock that afternoon. 

Joseph took a course to heap coals of fire upon the heads of 
his enemies. At dinner there were about fifty of his friends 
present, and he placed Reynolds and Wilson at the head of 
the table, and they were served, with the best that he had, by 
his wife, whom they had so cruelly refused to allow Joseph to 
see when they arrested him If they were capable of feeling 
shame, they must have felt it then. Men with any feeling of 
honor or sensibility would have been overwhelmed with confu- 
sion and remorse in their position, and would never have rested 
until they made all the amends in their power. But a man 
might as well hope to bring wolves and tigers to a sense of 
wrong doing or of a shame as to make these men have any 



t>^^ 




J- TJ -y E ITI L E! II^STI^TJOTOI?., 



Q^-^l. 



,« 



feelings of compunction and sorrow for their outrageous and 
barbarous conduct. Their hearts were like stone, incapable of 
any humane and kindly feeling, and if they could have had 
Joseph in their power they would have treated him as badly as 



-A.:M:EI?.I07^iT HISTOID 3r. 

Selected from, Jacob Abbott's Writiiigs. 

[CONTINUED.] 



IT is the same with the kings of France and of all other coun- 
tries. Nobles, where a class of nobles exist, are no better. 
The class of aristocrats that have governed England for the 
last century are proverbial all over the world for their idleness, 
their contempt for everything good and useful, their heartless- 
ness, and the vile, lawless and profligate character which they 
maintain in private life. There are some distinguished excep- 
tions, it is true, but this is the general rule. Wor are the 
English aristocracy peculiar in this. It is so, and always has 
been so, with every aristocracy that the world has produced. 
It always must be so. The plan of putting the government of 
a people into the hands of a few, in the hope that they will be 
the wise and the good, will always result in exalting to power 
the cunning and the bad, that they may monopolize the enjoy- 
ments and honors of wealth, while they keep down the masses 
who produce it in abject and perpetual poverty. 

The people of the different colonies pondered on these things. 
They talked about them during the long and dismal winter. 
At the meeting of the Legislatures of the several colonies the 
question was discussed. Some of these Legislatures passed re- 
solves recommending independence. At length, when the 
members of the Congress thought that the people of the coun- 
try had come to the conclusion that it would be best for them 
to separate from England, they prepared to take measures for 
carrying the determination into effect. Accordingly, about the 
middle of June, a resolution on the subject was introduced. It 
was to this effect: 

i?eso?cnZ,— "That these United States are, and of right 
ought to be, free and independent States; and that all political 
connection between us and the State of Great Britain is, and 
ought to be, totally dissolved." 

This resolution was moved by a member from Virginia, and 
seconded by a member from INIassaahusetts. It was listened 
to with profound and solemn attention. To pass it would sub- 
ject every man who should vote for it, or sustain it in any way, 
to the penalty of death, in case the attempt to establish the 
resolution should fail. To be called upon to act, therefore, on 
such a question, imposed a very heavy responsibility upon the 
assembly. It was a question of salvation or ruin for the coun- 
try, and of life and death for every man in the Congress who 
should dare to vote upon it. 

The Congress voted to postpone the consideration of the 
question for three days. At the end of the three days they 
postponed the final decision for a fortnight longer; and, in the 
meantime, as it was becoming more and more clear every day 
that the resolution would then be adopted, a committee was 
appointed to draw up the form of a declaration, to announce to 
the world the decision which the colonies had formed, and to 
explain the reasons for it. 

This committee consisted of five persons: their names were 
Adams, Sherman, Livingston, Jefferson, and Franklin. They 
all immortalized themselves by the courage they displayed in 
daring to draw up the Declaration of Independence, which 
they knew would bring upon them the most inveterate and im- 



placable hostility of the English government. Adams and 
Jefferson aftervrards became presidents of the United States. 
Franklin was sent as an ambassador to France, as we shall see 
by-and-by. 

Sherman and Livingston also subsequently attained to great 
distinction. 

The members of the committee heard the declaration which 
Jefferson had drawn up, and approved it. They made some 
slight alterations in it, and then reported it to Congress. After 
a very careful and solemn consideration of the subject, Cengress 
finally decided to adopt it by a unanimous vote, and it was im- 
mediately proclaimed to the world. 

The whole country was filled with the highest animation and 
joy. Bells were rung, cannons were fired, and illuminations and 
bonfires were kindled all over the land The whole country 
was filled with rejoicing at the thought that in name at least 
the people were independent and free. But alas! between 
assuming the name of independence and freedom and estab- 
lishing the reahty, a long and weary road of privation, danger, 
and suffering was to be traveled, and Congress and the country 
now had to set themselves at work in earnest to prepare for 
the terrible journey. 

During the time while the contest had been going on in and 
around Boston, a great many other collisions had taken place 
between the colonies and the British authorities in all parts of 
the countr}'. The people had risen against the government in 
a great many different cities and towns. Various military ex- 
peditions had been organized. Governors had been driven 
away from their provinces, and forts had been taken. In a 
word, the British rule had been entirely overthrown almost from 
one extreme of the country to another, ana tlie ministry in 
England saw that a very systematic, extended, and costly plan 
of operations would be required to recover it again. 

They, however, determined that they would recover it again, 
let the cost be what it might. So they induced the Pariiament 
to make large grants of money to pay the expense, and then 
raised a numerous army and equipped a powerful fleet, and 
sent them to America, with orders to prosecute the war on the 
most extended scale and in the most vigorous manner, unless 
they found that the Americans, when they saw how formidable 
the preparations were which had been made against them, 
would give up the hopeless contest and submit without 
fighting. 

• "Make them flrst a fair offer," said the ministers to the com- 
manders of the army and of the fleet, "that if they will give 
up the rebellion and submit, they shall be pardoned — all except 
the leaders. If they will not accept this offer, then force your 
way into the country at all points, and march through it in 
every direction with fire and sword." 

The general command of the army was given to Lord Howe 
who had been expelled from Boston as related in a preceding 
chapter. He came to Staten Island near New York. He 
brought with him there the forces that he had withdrawn from 
Boston, and also the large re-enforcements that had been sent 
from England. His plan was first to offer the rebels pardon if 
they would submit and give up the leaders to punishment, and 
then, if they refused to do so, to invade the country by three 
distinct and independent expeditions. One was to land at 
New York, and conquer the cities of New York and Philadel- 
phia, and overrun the Middle States. The second was to 
come down from Canada by the way of Lake Chaniplain and 
the River Hudson, so as to take possession of a broad belt of 
territory extending from north to south through the very heart 
of the country, and thus cut off New England from all com- 
munication with the middle and southern colonies. The 
third plan was to invade the southern colonies, and, after 
taking possession of Charleston, _ overrun and conquer all the 
region around it. The plan of bringing the Americans to sub- 
mission by offering them pardon did not succeed at all. 
(To be Continued) 



ses 




CTTj'VEisrinijE] ii<rsTi^TJCTOi^ 



^Ij iniitniU Ittsfruclop. 



J A N U AR y" 'ijr'l're 9. 




HE older we grow the more do we admire 
the man, the woman, the boy or the girl 
who has the courage and frankness to tell 
the truth. We have watched the princi- 
ple through our life, and to-day, standing 
on the crumbling edge of the old year, 
1868, and looking across for a spot on 
which to plant our feet to begin 1869, we 
are more than ever convinced of the value 
of abiding by the truth, 
here may be many times in one's life when 
it may appear to our short and ignorant view 
that concealment, equivocation or falsehood 
would be better. Men and women, boys and 
girls, who have considerable pride of character, 
[[and who wish to have people think well of them, are 
they who have the strongest temptations of this kind, 
especially if they are lacking in moral courage. For 
be it understood by you, children, no one who tells 
lies to conceal his conduct or actions possesses real moral 
courage. He may be physically brave; that is, he may not be a 
coward in times of difficulty and danger; but he is a moral 
coward, and da e not bear the consequences of his own words 
and actions. Moral courage is a higher quality and is more 
valuable than physical courage. Everybody admires moral 
courage. It is a quality which man alone, of all the creations of 
God upon the earth, enjoys. Animals have what is called 
brute or physical courage; but they do not exercise moral 
courage. This is a high and noble quality, and is much 
more rare among men than brute courage. There are 
very few men who are cowards physically; but, as you grow 
older, you will find very many moral cowards. Yet moral 
courage can be cultivated. P]very one can train himself to be, 
morally brave. It may require a great effort on the part of 
some; but if they are determined, they can succeed, and then 
how great is the victory! 

"But," our little readers may ask, "what shall we do to 
gain moral courage?" 

We answer, always tell the truth. Do not be afraid of the 
consequences. If your words have been improper, or your 
conduct even mean and wicked, do not add sin to sin by telling 
lies about it. ■ To do so is not only sinful, it is cowardly. You 
may think sometimes when you have been doing wrong, that, 
by telling a lie, you can conceal it, and keep the good opinion 
of your friends. But even a cunningly told lie can not conceal 
the truth, especially among the Latter day Saints. The most 
of them can tell by the spirit whether what they are told is 
true or not. But though, when lies are told to them, they 
may not always be able to prove that the person telling them 
has been lying, yet they are convinced within themselves that 
they are not true. Of course, they lose confidence in such 
persons, and are on the watch, when they hear them relate any- 
thing, to see whether they are telling the truth or not. 

How we admire mea and women, boys and girls who tell the 
truth, and whose words can always be relied upon! We know 
such, and though telhng the truth might sometimes bring them 
under censure or place their conduct in an unfavorable Ught, 




thjy would not conceal or deny it; they have too much moral 
courage to be guilty of falsehood or deception. Even wicked 
men admire men of this character, and they always get out of 
any trouble they may be in much better than those moral 
cowards of whom we speak. 

God is truth, and we can rely on His word; He never will 
fail to do all that He has promised. The nearer men get to be 
like God, the more truthful they will be. When they make a 
statement nobody will doubt them. Children, think of this. 
Never stoop so low or be so mean as to tell a falsehood. Do 
not be ashamed to acknowledge anything you may have said 
or done; for that would be cowardly. Always be truthful, and 
you will gain a character that will be of far greater worth to 
vou than piles of gold would be. But if a boy is not truthful 
he is not believed when he speaks the truth, nor trusted, when 
perhaps he means honestly. Without truth there is no reliance 
upon language, no confidence in friendship, no security in 
piomisos and oaths. 



THE season for snow and sleigh rides has arrived; but we 
have but little or no snow. In its place we have weather 
that appears more like the breaking up of Spring than such as 
is usual at Christmas-time. The old year is dying, and we 
shall soon have his young successor introducing himself to us. 
We hope that all our Jua'eniles have had a merry Christmas 
and that the Now Year will be a happy one. There is not 
snow enough in this city at present for sleigh rides; but there 
are long evenings for social gatherings and parties and pleasant 
fire-side intercourse, and in no country and among no people 
are they more valued than in our Territory and by the Saints 
who reside here. Before our readers see this article Emerson's 
lines, ushering in the wintry king, may be strictly applicable to 
the weather: 

"Announced by all tlie trumpets of the sky 
Arrives the snow; and, driving o'er the fields, 
Seems nawhere to alight; the whited air 
Hides hilts and woods, the river, and the heaven, 
And veils the farm-house vX the garden's end. 
The sled and traveler stopped, the courier's feet 
Delaved, all friends shut out, the housemates sit 
Around tlie radiant fire-place, inclosed 
In a tumultuous privacy of storm." 



OXJI?. 



Jfor the Juvenile Iiistrucfor. 
Tune, — A7nerica. 



God bless our mountain home. 
Let no foul traitor come 

To Deseret. 
Land where the faithful dwell 
AVill ever wish thee well 
Thy beauties we will tell 

Sweet Deseret. 

Our lovely country, the 
Land of the chosen free 

Our Deseret; 
We love thy rocks and rills 
Thy mountains and thy hills 
God shield from every ill 

Sweet Deseret. 

Our Father who art in heaven, 
To thee our thanks are given 

For Deseret. 
Long may our home be blest 
"With happiness and rest 
A home for the oppress'd 

Sweet Deseret. 



EamthA. 



■t) 



\? 



^ 



vJTJ^En^ILE IlNrSTI?.XJGTOIS;. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



IN numbers 20 and 21 of the last volume we gave you an ; 
account of Hagar and Ishmael and told j'ou who they were. 

We also gave you sonie information about Abraham, whose 

wife and son Hagar and Ishmael wire. We also said something i 

about Isaac, Abraham's son of promise, whose ii;other was ■ 

Sarah, the first wife of Abraham. When Isaac gn w to be a I 

man he married his cousin Rebekah, who had two sons by him. . 

They were twins, and their names were Esau and Jacob. Our ! 

business to-day is with Jacob, who though the younger, j 

became the greater of the two. 
The two boys greatly differed in their dispositions, as they 

did in their personal appearance. Esau was without doubt a 1 

mighty 

man phy- 
sically. 

He was a 

hairy man 

while his 

brother 

Jacob was 

a smooth 

man. He 

was a 

great hun- 
ter, very 

expert in 

all the arts 

of the 

chase, and 

dehghted 

in the bus- 
iness. It 

is likely 

that Esau 

laughed at 

Jacob for 

being such 

a mother's 

boy, and 

staying 

around 

home so 

much in- 
stead of 

being off, 

like he was, chasing the deer and the other wild animals which 
abounded in that country; for Jacob was fond of home. Esau 
was rather the favorite of Isaac; he doubtless admired his 
bold, energetic character, and he also liked the venison he 
brought home. But Jacob was loved by his mother. He was 
doubtless a kind, loving, obedient brv to his mother, and he 
won her mother's heart by the endearing traits of his character. 
Another reason, probably, for her love towards Jacob was that 
before the boys were born she was told by the Lord that she 
should be the mother of two nations in these boys, and that 
one of them should be stronger than the other; the elder should 
serve the younger. Of course she knew, therefore, that though 
Jacob was not so fast a boy as Esau, he would come out all 
right, and was sure in the end to be the greater of the two. 
It seems that Isaac was fond of venison, and Esau was in 
the habit of procuring it for him. When he Celt himself 
growing old he called Esau, his eldest son, to him on one occa- 
sion, and told him to take his weapons ?nd go and get him 




some venison, and make him some savory meat so that he could 
eat it and bless him before he died. But Rebekah heard what 
her husband said to Esau, and she sent Jacob to the flock for 
two goat kids. Out of these she made such a savory mess as 
she knew Isaac was fond of. She took the skins of the kids 
and fastened them upon Jacob's hands and upon the smooth 
part of his neck, and she dressed hiin in some of Esau's cloth- 
ing that she had in the house, and sent him in to Isaac to get 
the blessing he had promised to E>au. She trusted by these 
means, as Isaac's sight was dim with age, to make him think 
that it was Esau. But Jacob was afraid that his father would 
find him out, and instead of blessing would curse him for 
trying to deceive him. Rtbekah told him to do as she wished 
him, and if there was any curse to let it come upon her. 

Isaac (bought Esau had got the meat veiy quickly. The 
voice also struck his ear as that of Jacob. He tnlJ him to 
come near to him, that he might feel him; this satisfied him; 

though 
the voice 
was Ja- 
cob's, the 
hands 
wore those 
of Esau. 
He ate of 
the dish 
that had 
been pe- 
p:ircd,aiid 
p art ok 
of some 
wine, and, 
after kiss- 
ingJacob, 
he blessed 
him. In 
this bless- 
i n g he 
made him 
the ruler 
and lord 
of his 
mother's 
sons, and 
said, "let 
people 
serve 
thee, and 
nations 
bow down 

to thee." He also blessed him with the dew of heaven, the 
fatness of the tarlh and plenty of corn and wine. It was the 
blessing of the first-born which he had given him. 

Jacob had scarcely got away when Esau came with his .<-avory 
meat for his father to eat. But what was his surprise to leai u 
from his father that somebody had been there before him and 
had got his father's blessings He wept bitterly, for, with all 
his faults, it seems that he valued his father's blessing He 
wanted his father to bless him also; but Isaac said, ''Behold I 
have made him thy lord, and all his brethren have I given 
to him as servants; and with corn and wine have 1 tu.t.iiued 
him: and what shall I do now unto thee, my sou?" 

This was terrible news to Esau, and he cried out. "Hast 
thou but one blessing, my father? bless me, even me also my 
father!" His outburst of grief must have moved his father. 
He said to him that his dwelling should be the fatness of the 
earth, and of the dew of heaven from above; and by his sworl 
should he live, and he should serve his brother; but he prom- 




ffl 



<e>J 



Cr TJ "V E IN- 1 Xj E I3^STI?.TJCTOI^ 



'^ 



ised him that when he got the dominion he should break his 
yoke from off his neck. 

Esau had lost his blessing; but we can not wonder at that. 
There was doubtless a divine providence in the occurrence, and 
God had willed that Jacob should be the ruler. When Esau 
came in to his father to get his blessing, and Isaac became 
aware of the fact that he had blessed some other person than 
bis first-born son, he asked who ho was and where he was 
whom he had blessed; but whoever he was, he added, "j'ea, 
and he shall be blessed." He knew by the Spirit that had 
rested upon him that the blessing he had pronounced was from 
the Lord and would be fulfilled. 

Wo say that we do not wonder at Esau losing the blessing of 
the firut-born. We will explain. Sometime before Isaac 
thought of dying, Esau came in from the field one d ly and he 
was very faint with hunger. Jacob had made a mess of pot- 
tage. Esau wanted |to get this to eat. Jacob told him that if 
he would sell him his birthright, he could have it. Esau 
thought that he was about to die, and what profit would his 
birthright be to him. So he swore to Jacob that he should 
have the birthright, and Jacob gave him bread and the pottage. 
We are told that in doing this he despised his birthright. 
Many men would rather have died of hunger than have sold 
their birthright Jacob seemed to place great value upon it, 
and if the birthright had been his, and Esau had wanted to 
buy it, you may be sure he would not have sold it for a mess 
of pottage when he was hungry. 

When Esau learned that Jacob had got the blessing, he 
hated him and made up his mind to kill him. Rubekah heard 
of it, and she told Jacob that she wanted him to go to her 
brother Laban's. She, at the same time, complained to Isaac 
about Esau's wives how they plagued her. They were Cana- 
anitcs. She said further if Jacob took such a wife as they 
were, her life would be no pleasure to her. Isaac then called 
Jacob, and told him he must not man-y a wife of the daughters 
of Canaan, but go to his mother's relatives, and take a 
daughter of Labau, his mother's brother, to be his wife. He 
blessed him again, and pronounced upon him and his seed the 
blessing of Abraham. After various adventures he arrived at 
his uncle's. The scene in the engraving is the meeting of him- 
self and Laban and the hitter's two daughters — Leah and 
Rachel. Space will not admit of our saying any more at pre- 
sent, but we shall continue the subject in our nest. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%^miMv% al €ommoit ^l^ittgg* 



B o 3sr E 



WHERE does bone come from? We do not eat bone! 
It keeps on growing, and as it wears out of the system, 
it is replaced; it always grows the right size and length; where 
great strength is wanted the bone seems to know it and takes 
the very best form to ensure strength; if it wants to move on a 
pivot or hinge joint, if it wants a hole through it for the spinal 
marrow to pass, or a little hole for a nerve to pass off, like a 
telegraph wire, a tunnel is made through by the shortest cut, 
and the necessary joint is made, smoothed off, so as to diminish 
friction, and oil poured in into the bargain. If a thin, flat bone, 
like an armor plate, is needed, to protect the soft parts, it is 
made right off, double plated, so as to be able to get between 
to repair damages; and the fit is exact, as the skull, for instance. 



If we require to bend a limb, the bones seem to know it and 
grow short, little bones like the fingers; if we want great strength 
with little flexibility, the bones grow short and thick and lock 
one into another, as the bones of the back do; and if we don't 
want to bend a limb the bones grow the very length required 
both sides of the body alike. 

Where does bone come from? 

The best way to get an answer to this inquiry will be for us, as 
chemists^ to find out what we eat, that is, what our food is com- 
posed of, for we may be sure the bone is made out of that! 
Well, we all eat bread; let us see what that is, and then exam- 
ine what bone is; if the elements are the same in each we shall 
get at the answer. 

In wheat there is water (oxygen and hj'drogen,) starch, 
gluten, gum, fatty matter, woody fibre and a few earthy matters. 
These are \)ae proximate principles, or those nearest to hand in 
our examination. Vi e can get these into a more simple form: 
caibon, oxygen, hydrogen and nitrogen are the ultimate ar^/anic 
elements. Then there are potash, soda, lime, magnesia, phos- 
phorous, sulijhur, chlorine, fluorine and silica (sand.) 

Now let us see what bone is, and whether we can pick out 
the necessary elements. Bone is cartilage (gristle,) fat, phos- 
phate of lime, flluate of lime, carbonate of lime, phosphate of 
magnesia, soda and common salt. Let us resolve these proxi- 
mate into elcmenfm-y principles: carbon, oxygen, hydrogen and 
nitrogen — these are the ultimate elements ot the organic matter; 
that is, the cartilage and fat; then there is phosphorous, lime, 
fluorine, magnesia, soda and chlorine. 

How very simple! Why there are many more elements 
in wheat: there is sulphur, for instance, which enters into the 
composition of the hair, the eyelashes, finger nails, etc., and 
silica, which enters into the enamel of the teeth, etc. Nature, 
from a few simple elements, combined in accordance with very 
simple laws, works out a great variety of substances, and lone 
is only one among them. 

Phosphate of lime is (not to be precise as we should be in 
direct analysis) more than one half of the substance of bone; 
this we can prove by burning it in a coal fire and then weighing 
the ashes, for the quantity of other salts is very small. If we 
wr-re to burn the bone in an air-tight or nearly air-tight vessel 
the bone would weigh more; for the carhon would not then be 
burned. Carbon does not burn away without oxygen has 
access to it. Suppose, instead of burning, we dissolve out the 
earthy salts by steeping the bone in d.lute acid; then, the very 
part which passes off in gas, when burning, will remain; that 
is, the organic matter, the cartilage (gelatine) and the fat. 

We shall next have to see the uses of bone in the arts, 
and find out very easily why it is that bone is so valuable as a 
manure. Beth. 



A SKETCH. 

CHAPIER I. 



GREAT Salt Lake City was a very different looking place in 
18 19 to what it is now in 1S69. Twenty years have gone 
rapidly, but not without making great changes. There were 
three forts in the city at that time— the old fort and the north 
and south forts. Probably many of our readers in the city 
know what is called the old fort block. It is the north east 
block in the sixth ward. The old fort stood upon that block 
and the other two torts joined it on the north and south. 
But everybody did not live in the forts in 1849. Some few log 
houses that were in the fort had been taken down and rebuilt 
by their owners upon their city lots. Some few adobe houses 



lK' 




& 



J"TJ^E3SrirjE IIsTSTI^TJOTOI^ 




were also built upon city lots; but they were generally small. 
They did not look small, however, to us who lived here. I re- 
collect I thought some of them fine and large. I left the city 
in 1849, and when I returned from my mission, some few years 
afterwards, it seemed to me that many of the houses had 
grown smaller. Houses which I thought very large when they 
were built I was surprised to see so small. If you should 
leave the places where you now live, children, and travel for a 
few years in other countries, and then return home again, you 
will also be surprised. Houses, gardens, fields, streams and 
other objects which now seem very large in your eyes, you 
would find, upon your return, to be quite small. 

The reason of our thinking some of the houses in the city so 
fine was that we had not seen any good buildings from the 
time we had left Nauvoo. We had dwelt in tents and wagons, 
except at Winter Quarters. In the winter of 1840-7 a town of 
log houses, and caves dug out of the side of the hill, was built 
for our Winter Quarters. This was on the bank of the 
Missouri river, six miles above where Omaha now stands; the 
place is now called Florence. 

But some of you, probably, do not understand why the people 
who came here first, lived in forts instead of living on their 
lots as we now do. When President Young and the Pioneers 
came here there were bands of Indians all over this country. 
There were hundreds of Indians then where you only see one 
now. They were friendly; but it would not have been prudent 
to trust them. So President Young had the old fort built, and 
he told the people they must live for some time in forts if they 
wished to have peace and safety. In an Indian country if the 
Ijeople have plenty of guns and powder and balls, and live in a 
good strong fort, they are pretty safe. The Indians know they 
cannot attack them without danger, and they doiiot like to be 
killed any more than white men do. When the people began 
to move out ujion their city lots, they did not fence their places 
as they do now. They built fences around each ward, in the 
same manner that many of our fields are fenced now. At the 
end of each street there were bars, which those driving wagons, 
or riding on horseback, had to let down before they could enter 
the ward. This was not so convenient as it is at present. Mow 
we can drive through every street, and come close up to any 
house or lot without trouble. But, in the days of which I 
write, timber for fencing was scarce, the people had so many 
other things to do, and they put off fencing their lots until 
they had more time. 

It was in the summer of 1849 that gold-seekers commenced 
to pass through Great Salt Lake Valley on their way to the 
gold-fields of California. The richest of these "diggings" had 
been discovered by Latter-day Saints, who had gone to Cali- 
fornia in the "Mormon Battalion." The most of the brethren 
only stopped long enough after the gold was discovered to 
obtain sufficient to buy them an outfit to bring them to this 
valley. But the fame of these rich discoveries, and the for- 
tunes that were to be made by digging gold, spread over the 
world. The people in the East were very much excited at the 
news. Some of them took passage for California by s a, 
doubling Cape Horn; others crossed to the Pacific through 
Mexico and also by the Isthmus of Panama, and thousands of 
others fitted up wagons and teams, formed themselves into 
companies and crossed the plains. 

Those who crossed with wagons acted in the most strange 
and reckless manner. They hoped, when they reached Cali- 
fornia, to obtain all the gold they wanted, and they were in 
such eager haste to get there that they eared nothing for the 
property which they had. The road which they traveled was 
almost lined with trunks, boxes and a great variety of articles 
which they threw away to lighten their loads. Every day they 
were detained was the loss, they thought, of a large sum to 



them. You can understand by this, children, the cause of 
their hurry, and why they were so careless about their property. 
If they could only reach California, they would soon be repaid, 
they thought, for all their trouble and losses. 

Early in 1849 the first of the column of gold-seekers reached 
Salt Lake City, and during that entire summer it pressed for- 
ward on its march westward. When they reached this valley 
many of their teams were tired out, and they had to exchange 
them for others. Many of them concluded to leave their 
wagons, and put their goods on animals and pack through. In 
such cases they sold their wagons very cheap, and to lighten 
their loads, so that th.-ir pack animals would not have too 
much to carry, they were glad to let their clothing and other 
things go at almost any price. By these means the Saints 
obtained an abundance of articles of which they were very 
destitute. 

It seemed like a miracle to have things so cheap as they were 
that summer. If a man had been told beforehand he could 
scarcely have believed it. Yet all this had been predicted by 
President Heber C. Kimball. While he was speaking to the 
people in the old Bowery the winter previous, he said that 
wagons, clothing and many other articles, which then wore so 
scarce that none could be bought, would be so plentiful here 
that they could be obtained for little, or almost nothing. When 
he said this it seemed impossible that his words could be ful- 
filled. Brother Heber himself, I have heard him say, was 
scared at what he had said, it seemed so impossible. Yet in a 
few months, as I have told you, his words proved true. God 
can bring about things which appear impossible to man, and 
when He inspires His servants to predict them, He will not 
suffer their words to fail. 

(To be Continued.) 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 



CJOME twenty-five years ago, in the village ot Bushey, Hert. 
kJ fordshire, England, existed a common school under the 
able tuition of Robert S. Soar. In this village were two other 
schools — one of these under the direction of Stephen Vale. 
Mr. Vale was taken sick, and went to the town of Brighton, on 
the south coast of the island, for his health. Some of his scholars 
went to the common school during his sickness. It was thought 
considerable, to be able to read, write and do a few sums in 
"Long Division!" 

One of these scholars when he went to the school of Mr. 
Soar, was surprised at the order of his school. If he said 
"halt," every boy had to stop business of every kind. Mr. 
Soar had a pretty good knowledge of reading, writing, arith- 
metic, geography, grammar, drawing, music (the sol-fa s3'stem) 
and the violin. 

On the walls of the school-house were suspended large maps 
and cards. One map of the world about six feet long and 
three wide, a large map of Europe about six feet long and six 
feet wide, also maps of Palestine as it was divided among the 
Canaanites, etc., as it was divided among the sons of Jacob, 
and as it existed in the time of the Savior. 

A map! what is that? inquired the scholar from 5Ir. Vale's 
school. Some of the boys answered promptly it is a npresen- 
tation of some part of the earth. Here was a new field of 
wonder and instruction to the new pupil. He had never heard 
the word geography, and "Grammar" seemed to be a word 
from a foreign language. 

Our new pupil was not long in comprehending his situation. 
He was in the rear! He wanted to be in the front rank. Two 








JU"V"En^ILE IIsrSTI?.TJCTOI^. 



u 



hours were allowed at noon for dinner and play. He could ' 
learn geography at noon from the maps — he d d so; and was 
able to answer any question in his class on the subject of 
geography. 

Arithmetic was another study our pupil was behind in. The 
boya in the classes had one sum given out to them at a time, 
and often the boys copied ove each other: if one was wrong 
all were wrong. This indolent plan some of the boys were 
ashamed of, and they concluded to try to learn themselves, and 
they were successful. Long division, reduction, duodecimals, 
rule of three, doublj rule of three, practice, interest, vulgar 
fractions, etc. , were learned by trying, and this has been the 
key to all success. 

Our pupil was about ten years old when he went to the com- 
mon school, and to the present day he remembers how he 
tugged with a hard sum, either in common, or mental arith- 
metic; the reward was, victor3'. The boys could borrow ?ome 
good histories, and from this source, much instruction was 
gained. The readers in the first class, were the Bible, history 
of England and geography. That good little song " 'Tis a 
lesson you should heed, try again," was often sung, and its 
truth verified. The success of all scholars was found in the 
simple word "Perseverance." \Vm. 



J^ 



For the Juvenile. Instructor. 
WITH A LIITLE BOY WHOSE NAME WAS JA1IE3. 



WELL, little James, how a i you to day? 
I am very well, I thauk you. 

Where is your brother lliohard? ■ 

He has gone to stay in Frovo for a few months with Aunt 
Nancy. 

Have you heard from him since he left home? 

Yes, sir, mother has received one letter from him since he 
left home. 

When are j'ou going to write to him? 

I would write to him to-day if I could. I learned to write at 
school some time ago, but I cannot write a letter. 

Are you willing for us to try to write one to him? 

Yes, sir, and I think my brother Kichard would like very 
much to receive a letter from me. 

Having got paper, ink and pen, now you are ready to write. 
Place the paper in front of you, and I will speak what you may 
write to him. Now, then, write on the fu-st line on the right 
hand side of the paper, 

Salt LcJce City, Bee. 18, 1868. 

Have you got that? 

Yes, sir. 

On the left side of the paper on the next line beneath the 
date write. 

To Master Richard Jones, 

Frovo City, Utah Co., U. T, 

Have you got that down? 

Yes, sir. • 

On the next line write: 

My dear Brotlici- Dick. 

Well, why do you not write? 

Because I would rather write: My Dear Brother Richard. 

Yes, that is better; Puchard is his true name, Dick is not; 
and it is better, especially in a letter, to show respect to your 
brother's name. 

Now write on the line below: I am sorry to inform you that 
last nif/ht the City Bull in. Salt Lake City took fire, and in a 
short time teas burnt to the ground. 






Why do you not write? 

Because that is not true. 

Then you would not write anything that is not true? 

No, sir. 

Well, suppose you write: Our cat hai got four such pretty 
kittens. 

But, sir, that would bo such a trifling thing to write. 

If, when you write letters to your friends, you will not write 
anything that is disrespectful, that is untrue, and that is foolish 
and trifling, your letters will far excel, in true worth, letters 
that are constantly being written by numbers of persons who 
are many years your seniors. 

Do uot say again that you cannot write a letter, but try. 

Uncle George. 



For the Juvenile Iiisti-uetor. 

O m^ I?. .A. ID E . 



I am a word of six letters. 

My 1,2, 3, is an article defining something 

My 2, 3, 5, 4, is a noun found often in novels 

JNIy 2, 4, 1, is an adjective; a quality of fire. 

My 2, 3, and 2, 3, 5, are pronouns. 

My I, 4, 1, 5, 6, is a verb necessary to success. 

My 2, 3, 5, 3, is an adverb, expressing nearness. 

My 1, 4, is a preposition denoting towards 

My 6, 3, 1, and 4, 5, are conjunctions. 

My 4, 2, is an interjection. 

My whole is of but very little use without practice. 

The answer to the Charade in No. 23 is EARTHQUAKE. 
We received correct Answers from Miss Charrilla K. Browning, 
Geo. L. ^Vorstenholm, Geo. G. Taylor, Mary J. Bradley and 
Wm. J. Lewis. 



MOTTOES. — Perseverance will do more than we at first are 
aware of; if it will not remove every difficulty it will certainly 
remove many; the most persevering may sometimes be disap- 
pointed; but those who are careless and iudifi'erent are, doubt- 
less, disappointed much oftener. 

Idleness is the murderer of time and the destroyer of com- 
fort; it is the rich man's bane, the tradesman's ruin, and the 
poor man's curse. 

Genius, like an exotic plant, is rare; and requires uot only 
the same care and attention to bring it to perfection, but also a 
shelter from the squalls of fortune and the frosts of adversity, 
without which it will wither and die. 



Good words make friends, bad ones, enemies. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum 

Single Copy, for Six Montlis*-- 



.$3 00 
. 150 



tS" It 18 expected where agents forward nnniea they will be responsible 
for the papers Tims ordered; and when Cash payments are made, they will 
please forward them with the letter cout.oiniuf^: the names of the subscribers. 

Its- Elder Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, will .-let as General Ajjent for 
Cache valley. 

*S- Grain brought to this City for the .IiVENii.f; Instei-ctor will be 
roceived at the office of our piper— DKSEKiiT News IIuiluings. 






t!9 



