
VOL XI. 



SALT LAKE CITY. MARCH 1, 1876 



NO. r,. 



Til IE ZELZEO-^I-jI^ OP EWGLA1TD. 



The Jewe'-honse, or that department of the Tower of London 
containing the Crown jewels, is well worthy of a visit. 
The regalia consists of several crowns, sceptres, globes and 
jewels of enormous value, all glittering in splendor in the great 
barred cage in which they are kept. Through the bars of 
this cage the visitors are allowed to feast their eyes, while 
polite attendants point out and relate interesting incidents 



sapphire, sixteen sapphires, eleven emeralds, four rubles. [,363 
brilliant diamonds. 1.273 rose diamonds, 147 table diamonds, 
four drop-shaped pearls anrt 273 pearls." The crown jewels 
were never exhibited to the public until the reign of Charles II., 
Under whoso reign they had a narrow chance of all being run 
nw;iv with by one Colonel Blood, who thought it would be a iiic> 
quick way to fortune, and so set artfully to work to carry tin moll'. 



I 



\ 



m 





connected with the history of the various articles. The follow 
ing summary of the jewels contained in the crown of Queen 
Victoria, made for her coronation in 1838, a- furnished bj 
Professor Tennant, mineralogist to the Queen, will give our 

readers some idea of the sparkling, dazzling appearai fthis 

and the other crowns and jewelry that make up tic rewlia: 
' : One large ruby, irregularly polished, one large broad ipread 



This colonel dressed himself up as a priest, came to see the 
jewels, and skillfully mad.' an acquaintance with honest Talbot 
Edwards, thq keeper of the reaalia. In time they became so 
friendly, 'bat when the disguised priesl one day courteously 
asked if he might bring two or three country friends t" sae 
the sight, Edwards was very glad to oblige him; and early the 
next morning came the party, looking like three true, bom 





CT XT "V E IN" I L IE I1TSTBUCTOR. 



country gentlemen, so anxious to see these wonderful things, 
that poor simple Edwards took thetu at once, although it was 
before the regular time: but the old man had no so mer unlock" 
ed the iron grating than he was knocked down with a mallet, 
and lay insensible. While Blood seized the crown and tried to 
bend it. one of the others stuffed the glittering orb in bis 
pocket, and the third rogue began filing the lung sceptre 
into two parts, the better to escape detection. 

However, they were finally caught, for it, so happened that 
Mr. Elwards' son hid just returne 1 home from a journey, 
and being in a hnrry to see his dear old father, went off to 
the jewe'-offie \ where be heard he had gone with some friends. 
Near the door he met the men. who were hurrying away with 
the hidden crown and globe; the sceptre they had not been 
able 1 1 conceal, so they left that behind, and tried to walk 
unconcernedly awav and mix with the people outside. 

But poor old Edwards had by this time recovered his 
voice, and suddenly got up and called out, "Treason! murder!" 
His daughter heard him and screamed "Help!'' and the 
warder at the drawbridge, wondering what it all meant, tried 
to stop them from passing; but the colonel fired a pistol at 
him, and the cowardly fellow fell down dead, to all appearance, 
but not really touched. 

However, the end of it was that Blood and his associates 
were arrested; the fellow still held the crown, all bent and 
battered, under his cloak and struggled for it to the last; 
when it was wrested our of his bands he cried, '"Well it was 
a gallant attempt, though unsuccessful, for it was for the 
crown of England." 

"Whatever was done with these rogues?" you ask. Why, 
King Caarles II. pardoned them, and gave Blood a pen- 
sion, that worthy having terrified the knig with an idea 
that he would, be fearfully revenged if punished by his 
Majesty. 



§H0rie$ 



BY J. 



BAKKOOT. 



rPiiK observant reader of this publication must have n 
1 a constant tendency to improvement in its pages, no 




noticed 
ot only 

in the attractive illustrations of the text, but in the reading 
matter brought before the public; apart from the information 
for our youth in the various catechisms, by which a knowledge 
of the fundamental principles of our faith are presented in a 
simple manner, knowledge of the most important things relat- 
ing to man is p'aced within their reach And the results are 
seen and felt in this en nmunity, the minds of our children are 
being expanded: exuberances, often mistaken for wildnessbut 
which are only the offshoot of buoyant spirits, are being 
removed by the beneficent influences of culture. Pretty stories 
in which a good moral is inculcated, where vice is punished 
ami virtue tv v.irjjl. cspjji-llly when the engraving is 
skillfully unfolded by writers imbued with correct ideas of 
God's dealings with men, are bound to produce a good 
effect upon the young and tender mind. Tn addition to 
these mora! benefits conferred up >n the rising generation, a 
vast amount of selected information that ha; a tendency to 
improve the intellect' is presented, knowledge of the real, 
tangible creations of which we are apart in this matter of 
t. world. 



And nowabostof fresh writers, writers too among ourselves, 
are engaged to aid in the important work of instructing our 
children — children born in these fair valleys where the evils 
that are sapping at the foundation of society in other lands 
are only partially known, but of the existence of which they 
are now being informed, as they should be, that they may 
avoid them. 

It is no unmeaning or unmerited compliment to the 
Juvenile Instructor, to draw attention to the good that it is 
doing; those who read it, whether belonging to this community 
or not, can see that men of culture, of extensive acquaintance 
with the world, earnest men in the cause of education who 
know what they are doing, are wielding the pen to benefit our 
children : 

"Delightful task to rear the tender thought; 

To teach the young idea how to shoot." 

And all this that our children may become the subjects 
of a correct culture, as they should be, at the hands of their 
fathers. 

And, in connection with our mutual improvement societies 
even more good may be done. Only a little while ago we had 
but one popularly known literary association, that of the 20th 
Ward of this city; now the, press informs us such associations 
are abundant. How useful^iiay the excellent illustrations of 
things shown in this paper from time to time relating to natural 
history become; what an enlarged acquaintance already our 
ehildren have with the animal and vegetable kingdoms. 

But we have a natural history here of which we should 
know something; suppose that classes were formed and these 
thoigs were read about, talked about, written about, each im- 
parting to the other the knowledge possessed respecting them; 
what mutual improvement there would be. When any thing 
-was not understood by a class suppose inquiries were made of 
the Editor of the Instructor, and questions thus propounded 
were published and answers asked for. All this would, of 
course, make more labor for the office, but it would increase the 
interest and probably trie sale of the paper, a very important 
thing, as it would enable the proprietor still fuither to improve 
this important publication. 

Some of our valley boys, yes, and girls too, have been alive to 
the importance of these objects of interest by which we are 
surrounded; for years one young brother has collected specimens 
of native flower; from the neighborhood of Kauab; latterly he 
has collected insects of the same locality, also shells, fossils, 
minerals and rocks. A young sister collected more than a 
hundred spec'mens of land and tresh water shells, with some 
fifty spjci'ivms of prairie flowers from the banks of the Jordan, 
nearthe point of the mountain; one young brotherfrom the west 
of Tooele o illecte 1 some very fine shells of that region; and 
one littl", tiny maiden of this city collected two small tin boxes 
of little pebbles ot all the pretty colors possible, probably 
a thousand ot the tiniest nvks s,he could find, to send to the 
Museum. 1) oiHtless a great many other young collectors have 
been engaged in these interesting and instructive pursuits; and 
as many others have expressed a desire to understand what to 
collect and how to do so systematically, something may now 
be said about our natural history. 



TlIE shortest and surest way to live with honor in the world, 
is to be in reality what we would appear to be: and if we 
observe, we shall find that all human virtues increase and 
strengthen themselves by the practice and experience of 
them. 



H 





J" TJ "V m TsT I L E UsTSTBTJCTOR. 



51 




#l«l$ 



mertca. 



BY G. M. 0. 



ANCIENT PERU. 




(Continued.) 

The great mound of earth called the fortress? was originally 
rectangular in shape, 6:20 feet Ion.?, 450 wide and about 
50 feet high, originally terraced and faced with stone. On the 
summit of this mound are foundations of buildings, partly 
undermined and partly covered up by the earth from the 
modern excavations, undertaken by a late president of the 
country seeking for treasures. Garcilazo, when describing the 
ruins, speaks of this mound as "A gieat mountain or hill 
raised by hand, which, on this account, is most admirable. 
In order that the piled-up earth should not be washed away 
and the hill leveled, it was supported by great walls of stone. 
No one knows for what purpjse this edifice was raised." 
Cieca de Leon gives the same description substantially, when 
he visited the ruins soon after the conquest. Mr. Squires 
gives a very detailed description, with plans and drawings ot 
the many ruined relics and structures scattered over the plain 
of Tiahuanaeo, the most interesting of which are the great 
monolithic doorways originally belonging to the buildings. 
The most remarkable one now stands erect and is described by 
all travelers who visit the ruins. It has been broken, the 
natives say, by lightning, the fracture extending from the 
upper right hand opening, causing the two parts to lap by 
each other slightly, and causing the sides of the doorway to 
incline inward. Originally they were perfectly vertical and 
parallel, ''a distinguishing feature in all of the doorways and 
sculptures of the ruins." Mr. Squires, in his description of 
this relic, says: ''We must imagine first a block of stone some- 
what broken and defaced on its edges, but originally cut with 
precision, 13 feet 5 inches long, 7 feet 2 inches high above 
ground, and 18 inches thick. Through its centre is cut a door- 
way, 4 feet f> inches high, and 2 feet 9 inches wide. Above 
this doorway, and as it now stands, on its southeast side, or 
front, are four lines of sculpture in low relief, like the Egyptian 
plain sculptures, and a central figure, immediately over the 
doorway sculptured in high relief. On the reverse we find the 
doorway surrounded by friezes or cornices, and above it ou 
each side two small niches, below which, also on either side, 
is a single larger niche. The stone itself is a dark and exceed- 
ingly hard trachyte. It is faced with a precision that no .-kill 
can excel; itslinesare proportionately drawn, and its right angles 
turned with an accuracy that the most careful geometer could 
not surpass. Barring some injuries and defacements and some 
slight damages by weather, I do not believe there exists a 
better piece of stone cutting, the material considered, on this 

or the Other continent. The front especially the part covered 

by sculpture, has a fine finish as near a true polish as trachyte 
can be made to bear. The lower line of sculpture is seven 
and a half inches broad, and is unbroken; the three above it 
are eight inches high cut up in cartouches, or squares of equal 
width, but interrupted in the centre, immediately over the 
door-way, by the figure in high relief to which I have alluded. 

This figure, with it.- orni mts, coveres a space of thirtj two 

by twenty one and a half inches. There are consequently 
three ranges or tiers of squares on each side <>t this figure, 
eight in each range, or forty eight in all. The figures repres- 



ented in these squares have human bodies, feet, ami hauls: 
each holds a scepter; they are winged, lot the upper and lower 
series have human heads wearing crowns, represented in 
profile, while the beads of the sixteen figures in the line 
between them have the heads of condors. The central and 
principal figure is angularly but boldly cut, iu a style palpably 
conventional. Its head is surrounded by what may be called 
rays, each terminating in a circle, with the head of the condor, 
or that of the tiger, all conventionally but forcibly treated. 
In each hand he grasps two staves or sceptres of equal length 
with his body, the lower end of the right hand sceptre ter- 
minating in the head of the condor, and the upper in that of 
the tiger, while the lower end of the left hand sceptre termin- 
ates in the head of the tiger, and the upper is bifuieate, and 
has two heads of the condor. The staves or sceptres are not 
straight and stiff, but curved as if to represent serpents, and 
elaborately ornamented as if to represent the sinuous action 
of the serpent in motion. The radiations from the head seem 
to hive the same action. An ornamented girdle surrounds 
the wai-t of this principal figure, from which depend- a double 
fringe. It stands upon a kind of base or series of figures 
approaching nearest in character to the architectural ornament 
called grecques, each extremity of which, however, terminates 
in the crowned head- of the tig.r or the condor. The face 
has been somewhat mutilated, but shows some peculiar figures 
extending from tie eyes diagonally across the sheeks, ti ini'n- 
ating also in the heads of the animals first named. The 
winged human headed and condor-headed figure.- in the three 
lines of squares are represented kneeling on one knee, will 
their faces turned to the great central figure, as if iu adoration, 
ami each one holds before him a staff or sceptre. The sceptres 
of the figures in the two upper rows are bifurcate, ami cor- 
respond exactly with the sceptre in the left hand of the© ntral 
figure, while the sceptres of the lower two correspond with 
that represented in his right hand. The fourth or lower row 
of sculpture differs extremely from the rows above it. It 
consists of repetitions — seventeen iu all — smaller, and in low 
relief, of the head of the great central figure surrounded by 
corresponding rays, terminating in like manner with the heads 
of animals." 
Mr. Squires goes on to say that the ornamentation is in 

parts unfinished, ami states that on the line \>{ the lower tier 

are two small figures of men. crowned with a plumed cap, and 
holding to then- mouths trumpets. Mr. A.n«rand, a French 
Writer, find- a remarkable coincidence between these sculptures 
and those of Central America ami Mexico, having the same 
symbolical and mythological significance, ami thereby estab- 
lising an identity and common origin or relationship between 

the builders of Tiahuanaeo and those of Palenque, OcosingO 

ami Xochicaco. 'fhe reverse of the monolith Mr. Squires 
says, "Showsa series of friezes over the door-way, lour in 
number," with a number of niches. "The lower niches, now 
on a level with the ground, -bow thai the monolith i- sunk 

deeply iu the soil." 

There are othsr ami various features connected with the 
ruins oi ihi- city, consisting of mutilate 1 fragu euti»ol' statues 
(the head of one three and a half feel high and iwn 11 • ■■ i t n 
inches in diameter). D'Orbigny mentions among other- "One 
with a human head and wings rudely repri i her of 

an animal resembling a tiger. Castelnau mentions "An im- 
mense lizzard em in stone." Mr. Squires found sevei il cylin 
drical columns cut from a single block, with capitals resembling 
the Doric Two thai he measured were six feel high, and 
fourteen inches in diameter. He also says "there are many 





52 



J- TT "V IE 2sT I L E IITSTBTJCTOR 




caps of square columns or pilasters, besides numbers of stones 
cut witb deep single or double grooves, as if to serve for water 
conduits when fitted together. The stones used in the con- 
struction of the buildings are chiefly red sand-stone, slate- 
colored trachyte, and a hard, dark basalt. These rocks are 
not found near the ruins but lie scattered, hewn and partially 
hewn, to a point forty miles distant; and, as Mr. Squires says, 
if brnus-ht over this route they "must have been carried 
tweuty-five miles by water and fifteen by land." The same 
writer says, "We can hardly conceive of remains so extensive 
as those of Tiahuanaco, exc pt as indices of a large population 
and as evidence of the previous existence on or near the spot 
of a considerable city." 



ZR/uibTnsriisra- _^~w^y prom 

HOME. 




BY C. R. SAVAGE. 

CHAPTER V. 

Ot;r bed room at the "Brown Jus" was not a very gorgeous 
affair. There was a long row of rough pine bedsteads, 
with as rough mattresses and coverings; but our couch was an 
improvement on anything in that line that we had enjoyed 
since we started from home. Poor as it was, we made the 
most of it, and found time to chat over our intended plans. 
To get rid of our "best friend" was not so easy as one 
might think. He didjnot intend to let us go; we were very 
useful to him. 

Two chances were open to u«: one was to travel and sing 
with the hurdy-gurdy girls, the other was to work on our own 
hook and pretend that we -would bring the proceeds to ou: 
patron in the evening. It was arranged that Tom should take 
our little bundles out of the inn and hide them where we could 
get them when once clear of the tramp; and after making all 
we could in the fair, for both of us to move out of town before 
the evening and leave him. 

All were astir betimes the morning of fair day. Two 
London sharps were up early; they were practising some 
exercises for a ' 'Punch and Judy' ' show. Others were dressing 
up in tights: they formed part of a tumbling entertainment, 
generally consisting of one stout man and two or three lads. 
They helped to form a towering pyramid of humanity in the 
streets that brought crowds around them and extracted the 
pennies from their pockets. Peddlers with all kinds of trifles 
were there; sharps of all grades were getting ready to practice 
their arts upon the unsuspecting country lads and las.-es, who 
generally frequented these fairs in large numbers. 

We hurried on our clothes and Tom gathered up ourbund'es 
and went out and hid them; but before he got back the tramp 
was about, and inquired where he was. "Only just gone out 
for a while," was my reply. 

Mr. Champ did not suspect that the confiding boys who had 
given up their all into his keeping were playing false to him; 
so he commenced to tell me what I should do. He gave me a 
detailed account of how to proceed, and said that towards even- 
ing we were both to bring in the results of the day's work, and see 
which could do the most. He informed us that he was going 
to join some men with "knock-em-downs," and would not be 
back before dark. His tone and manner were entirely different 
from the previous morning; I suspect he did not think it 
would pay to treat us harshly. 

We breakfasted on the European plan, as the restaurant 
keepers say; that is, we had what we could catch. With a few 



words of admonition from our friend about being careful not 
to spend any money, we bade adieu to the "Brown Jug." 

Oh how Tom and I did jump around when we got out of 
sight of the worthless tramp. A prisoner who had been sent 
to prison for life and was suddenly given his liberty would not 
feel better than we di I. As politicians say, we breathed the 
sacred air of freedom to the fullest capacity. 

We had but little cau>e to rejoice, for we were penniless, 
dirty little runaways, without home or friends near who cared 
for us. We did not think of that at the time; but the naked 
fact stared us full in the face as night wore on. 

Fair day to an English boy has some of the excitement of a 
Fourth of July celebration. Every kind of sharper can be 
found at such gatherings, and it may not be amiss to present 
our readers with a picture of an English fair of twenty-five 
years ago. 

As we approached the fair grounds the streets were full of 
horses, cattle, pi#s, and stock of all kinds. The stout draught 
horse and the lithe racer were represented; fancy ribbons were 
streaming from some favorite animals; fat oxen were ornamented 
with tri colored rosettes and every kind of device was resorted to 
to give them the best possible appearance Old, used up nags 
were being trotted out at a speed calculated to make one afraid 
they would fall to pieces. As their owners claimed, they were 
full of fine points — the hip bones generally the most prominent 
ones. These were called "knackers," in general they were 
better calculated to make dog's meat, than to be used as beasts 
of burden. Well-to-do English farmers, wealthy land owners, 
and some men of title were there, as well as the usual 
supply of country people. We made lots of pennies holding 
horses heads, while bargains were being made in the inns 
over "alf and alf," for there, as in this country, some men 
cannot make a bargain without drinking. Rabbits, poultry, 
guinea pigs and white mice had their admirers and purchasers; 
while among the throng moved the tramps, selling song books, 
rattles of a peculiar make, and dream books; and the gipsy 
fortune tellers were also out in full force. 

Our Punch and Judy men had gathered quite a crowd. 
The combination was generally made up as follows: a frame 
work of 2 x 2 lumber, about 5 feet square and 12 feet high, 
covered with canvas, excepting a place near the top on one 
side. One of the men gets inside and works the little wooden 
figures, keeping up a conversation in several voices suited to 
each figure. Sometimes a dog helps the performance by 
sitting on the ledge in front and barking at the proper time. 
The show is very amusing. The other partner has a kind of 
pipe organ fitted to his breast, on which he plays with his 
mouth, while with his hands he pounds away at a huge drum. 
As soon as the crowd gathers the "trouble begins," as Mark 
Twain says. 

It takes more than ordinary ability to conduct such a per- 
formance, and I will venture the prediction that such a show 
would amuse (he old boys of Utah to-day as much as it did 
the young boys of twenty-five years ago. 

As we went towards the fair grounds away from the cattle 
show, new attractions loomed up. The "knock-em-down" 
men were busy at work. Their bait consisted of a series of- 
sticks put into holes in the ground, say one foot in diameter. 
On the top of these sticks were placed accordeons, boxes of 
musical instruments, razors and articles of greater value than 
the money paid for knocking them clear off the sticks. At the 
rear were placed poles covered with canvass. The victim 
stood about fifty feet away and hurled sticks about two feet long 
at the prizes. Generally, if a good shot, the person throwing 




•JTS&Z 




JTT^T^IISTXXj'BI IUSTRUCTOB 



53 



knocked the coveted article into splinters, or, if not, it fell 
into the hole and thus became the property of the proprietor. 
One penny was the price charged for the privilege of throwing 
three sticks; and if the silly dupes had sense enough they would 
keep their money in their pockets, but it is a true old 
adage that says, "A fool alid his money are soon parted." 
One of the most ingenious methods for entrapping the unwary 
consisted of a little figure moving about in a large glass globe. 
I expect it must have been a kind of vacuum, as the little 
figure moved up and down independently of any outside as-ist- 
ance. The operator caused it to go up in the tube and write 
answers to questions on love and other matters. A kind of 
fortune telling operation, scientific and ingenious, but a 
humbug withal. ' 

As we approached the thickest part of the fair a noise like 
that of a bedlam greeted us. The be.vting of drums, the snor- 
ing of wild animals in the menagerie, the cries of different 
merchants in small wares, and the managers of peep" shows 
and penny gaffs all combined to make the din hideous. But it 
cannot all be told in this chapter; other particulars are reserved 
for the next. 

I To be Continued. ) 



IFZE^CCPUHHSOY FXJLFI3L.I,IlSrG-. 



B\" JOHN NICHOLSON. 



( Continued. ) 




THE purport, or meaning of the dream was to the effect that 
if he came to this Territory his mind would be at rest, 
and he would find a people that were in possession of principles 
superior to those enjoyed by any other people. It was plainly 
shown him that there was a very great distinction between the 
Latter-dav Saints and the rest of mankind. This renewed 
his determination to go to Utah, and as 'soon as he arrived at 
that fixed conclusion his health returned. 

Obtaining leave of absence, he bade farewell to his friends 
in the Philippine Islands, which are situated on the east 
boundary of the Pacific Ocean, and not "South America," as 
printed by mistake in the previous chapter. As before stated, 
Gonzales is firmly convinced that the inhabitants of those 
islands, or at least a great number of them sprang from the 
same source originally as the aborigines of this continent. 
While on this subject we may state that Elder William 
McLachlan, writing lately to Bro. Goddard of this city, from 
New Zealand, uses the following language: 

"There are about 303,000 inhabitants on the island (New 
Zealand), 40,000 of whom are Maoris, or natives, and resemble 
our Indians very much, and are undoubtedly of the same race, 
but are more civilized, and dress like white men." If tli • 
conclusions be correct, it is not improbable that the ancestors 
of the aborigines of some of the Philippine Islands and those 
of New Zealand may have been some of the companies of 

emigrants of the ancient i- pie of this continent, of whom 

the Book of Mormon gives an account, who sailed away upon 

the Pacific Ocean to lands afar off. s f whom were never 

more heard of by their brethren. But this at present must l> • 
more or less conjecture, and must remain so until the Lord 
sees fit to reveal something upon the subject. In due time 
(ionzales reached Salt Lake City, a stranger among strangers, 
and was ra* her in an awkward position, for, although able to 
read English he was unable to speak it, or to understand it 
en he heard it spoken. lie stopped at one ol the hotels in 



this city, and fortunately, a gentleman named Blanchard, 
a Frenchman, conversant with the Spanish language happened 
to see the name of (ionzales Trejo in one of the papers, pub- 
lished among the hotel arrivals. Mr. Blanchard knowing it to 
be a Spanish name, called upon Gonzales at the hotel and 
preferred kindly attentions to him, and subsequently introduced 
him to President Brigham Young and other leading men of 
the Church. 

It was not long before Gonzales set to work investigating the 
principles of the Gospel, by reading the works of the Chinch, 
and the more he read and searched, the more he believed in their 
truthfulness, until firmly convinced, and finally, a few months 
aLer his arrival, he was baptize!, in this cit -, and confirmed a 
member of the Church. 

A considerable lice before the arrival of Gonzales, President 
Young, being inspired by the Spirit of the Lord, told certain 
Elders that it was his desiie that they should prepare, by 
making themselves as conversant as possible with the Spanish 
language, etc. , to go on a mission to Central and South America, 
the time having arrived for the de -cendantsof the ancient fathers, 
the Lamanites, including all of the blood of Nephi, Zoram and 
others, who become Lamanites by reason of t c dissensions of 
their fathers, to begin to receive the Gospel of Jesus Christ 
and prepare for the great work they have to perforin in these 
latter-days, according to the predic.ions of Jesus Christ and 
his inspired servants, there being several millions of those 
literal descendants of the House of Israel who speak the Spanish 
language. 

A revelation in the book of Doctrine and Covenants says, "the 
anger of the Lord is kindled against none save those who do not 
acknowledge his hand in all things. ' ' Then, my young readers, 
we should acknowledge the hand of God not only in the inspira- 
tion which led President Youne to counsel those Elders to 
prepare for the mission alluded to, but also in His leading our 
friend Gonzales by His unerring hand to come here at so proper 
a time, because, in due season, he commenced the important 
work of translating some of the works of the Church, among 
them the Book of Mormon, into the Spanish, a language spoken, 
as already stated, by a very great number of the Lamanites, 
and all this that prophecy might be actually fulfilled and the 
pun loses of the Lord accomplished, as I shall endeavor to show. 

(To be Continued.) 




A Bit of Advice.— Have you enemies' Go straight on, 

and don't mind them. If they get in your way. walk round 
them, regardless of their spite. A man who has no enemies 
is seldom good for anything— he is madeol that kind of mate- 
rial which is so easily worked that every one has a hand in it. 
A sterling character— one who thinks for himself and sayswhat 
he think-, is always sure to have enemies. They are as neces- 
sary to him as fresh air: they keep him alive and active. A 

celebrated character who was surrounded by enemies, used to 
remark:— "They are sparks which if you do not blow, will go 
out of themselves." Let this be your feeling while endeavor- 
ing to live down the scandal of those who are bitter against you. 
If you stop to dispute, you do but as they desire, and open the 
way formore abuse. Let the poor fellows talk- there will be 

a reaction, if you perform but your duty, and hundreds who 

were once alienated from you, will flock to you and acknowledge 

their error. 



Whatever you dislike in another, take care youcorreol in 

yourself. • 




m* 



54: 



JI7YE1TILE INSTRUCTOR. 




fthij jfnremlij |(nstmdoir» 







GEORGE (£• \jJLNat3n t 




SALT LAKE CITY, 


MARCH 1, 1876. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





LL the prophets in the Book of Moraion 
who have spoken about this land of Amer- 
ica have said that it shall be a blessed 
land unto the righteous, but to the wicked 
it should be cursed. The words of the 
prophet Alma, the second, are very plain 
upon this subject. Let us quote them. 
"And he said, thus saith the Lord God: 
Cursed shall be the land, yea, this land, 
unto every nation, kindred, tongue, and people, 
unto destruction, -which do wickedly, when they 
are fully ripe." 

In the Book of Ether we find the following 
words in reference to this same subject: "And 
the Lord would not suffer that they should stop 
beyond the sea in the wilderness, but he would that 
they should come forth even untotheland ofpromise, 
(this land of America) which was choice above all 
other binds which the Lord God had preserved for a 
righteous people; and he had sworn in his wrath unto the 
brother of Jared, that whoso should possess this land of promise, 
from that time henceforth and forever, should serve him, the 
true and only God, or they should be swept oif when the fulness 
of his wrath shall come upon them. And the fulness of 
his wrath cometh upon them when they are ripened in 
iniquity; for behold, this is a land which is choice above all 
other lands ; wherefore he that doth possess it shall serve God, 
or shall be swept off; for it is the everlasting decree of God. 
And it :s not until the fulness of iniquity among the children 
of the land, that they are swept off. And thiscometh untoyou, 
O ye Gentiles,, that ye may know the decrees of God, that ye 
may repent, and not continue in your iniquities until the fulness 
come, that ye may not bring down the fulness of the wrath of 
God upon you, as the inhabitants of the land have hitherto 
dune. Behold, this a choice land, and whatsoever nation shall 
Ih>s.m's< it, shall be free from bondage, and from captivity, and 
from all other nations under heaven, if they will but serve the 
God of the land, who is Jesus Christ, who has been manifested 
by the things which we have written." 

We have quoted these passages because they are so plain and 
pointed. There are others like them in the Book of Mormon 
which we need not quote now. They all go to prove that no 
nation can practice wickedness for any great length of time on 
this land without receiving punishment; and if they will not 
repent before they go too far, they will be destroyed. We are 
made to think of these word.- and promises of God by what we 
see around us at the present time in this nation. What is the 
condition of the people now? Is the wrath of God likely to 
fall upon them? We wish that we could truthfully answer, 
No. But we cannot. Wickedness has been growing and 
spreading. Since the Latter-day Saints were driven from thei 
homes time after time, since many of th"in were murdered, and 
especially the great prophet which the Lord raised up, who, 
with his brother, was so cruelly slain, violence and wrong have 
been increasing. It is no wonder that this is the case. Those 



who committed those dreadful crimes have never been punished 
for them; they have never, even, been condemned. The bulk 
of the people have seemed to think that the Latter-day Saints 
got no more than they deserved. Some probably thought it 
was a great outrage to kill the prophet Joseph and his brother 
Hyrum in so dastardly a manner ; but the greater number of 
the people thought they were impostors, and it made but little 
difference how they were killed, so that they were removed out 
of the way. Man having failed to punish the people who 
committed these crimes, their punisment is left to the Lord. 
He is just and true. When He sends forth a prophet, and the 
people slay the prophet, they must bear the consequences of 
that act. Nothing but deep and heartfelt repentance can save 
them from His anger. Everywhere around us in this nation 
we see the results of those evil de 'ds. We have had a bloody 
civil war. Union and peace fled from the people. The war 
ciuie to an end ; but peace and union did not return. No 
sooner has one difficulty been settled than another has broken 
out. Men hope for better times; but they do not come. To- 
day no man can look at the condition of the nation with 
impartial eyes without being saddened at the prospect before it. 
But cannot the nation yet be saved from the anger of God? 
Is it too late ind have they gone too far? We firmly believe 
they could escape now if they would. But it would require 
thorough, heartfelt repentance. 

Considerable anxiety is now beginning to be felt concerning 
the presidential election. Next November this takes place. 
Whom will the people choose? Much depends upon their 
choice. If they arise in their might, determined to put down 
corruption and wrong-doing, and select a man for President 
who will faithfully and honestly and fairly discharge the duties 
of that office, affairs will be more favorable. \Yickedness, 
misrule and oppression may receive a check. But if an unjust 
man be elected, who wiil abuse his power, trample upon the 
rights of the people, uphold iniquity and aid the wicked, then 
the nation will have increased cause to mourn. 

At the present time secret combinations exist in many places 
in this country. Tlnse "rings,'' of which we hear so much in 
the newspapers, are combinations of this character. Men are 
banded together to get gain, to get power, and to accomplish 
their various schemes. They work together in secret. They 
help one another, and it is almost impossible to reach them or 
to prove anything against them. This corruption is wide- 
spread. It exists in high places in the land, and it almost 
defies the laws. Occasionally a little of it is exposed, a small 
corner is brought to light; but not to any extent or for any length 
of time. It is soon covered up again. Adulteries, seductions 
and whoredoms abound; hut if any of them are discovered, 
there is a great effort made to conceal or smooth them over. 
Society is shocked at the exposure, and they think them too 
dreadfnl to be talked about, and for the sake of society, they 
are put out of sight as quickly as possible. 

These "rings" and secret combinations will, if not checked 
and broken up, prove the destruction of this nation. Many 
people desire to see them overthrown; but they have not the 
power to accomplish this. The members of them have pos- 
session of too many places of trust and authority to be easily 
handled. One sticks by another, defends and aids another, 
and this is done so secretly that detection is defied. A strong, 
pure man at the head of the government, with good, faith- 
ful men around him, might be able to break up these combi- 
nations and "rings." But if such men are not placed in power, 
this nation is doomed. This is not man's word or man's opinion; 
it is God's truth, revealed as plainly as the light, through the 








JTJTB1TILE INSTRUCTOR. 



55 




prophet Joseph in the Book of Mormon. Already two mighty 
nations who lived upon this land have been destroyed by mam 
of "rings" and secret combinations, and our own nation will 
share a similar fate if they are not broken up. The worst 
feature is, they are spreading. One combination begets another. 
They have various objects to accomplish. But the ends at 
which all aim, are money and power. To obtain these, advan- 
tage is taken of secresy. The laws are trampled upon. Men 
help each other. One wants to gain one point, he gets the help 
of others, and they in their turn gets his help to accomplish 
their designs. At the beginning they probably are careful; but 
they go from one degree of guilt to another until they stop at 
nothing, not even murder itself. In this next presidential 
election combinations already existing, and others that will be 
formed, will 
wield enor- 
mous power. 
It is a ques- 
tion to-day 
whether the 
masses of this 
country can 
give expres- 
sion to their 
will respecting 
the man they 
would like to 
be President; 
it is more than 
likely that the 
election will be 
controled by 
these cc mbi- 
nations. 

Children, 
examine the 
Book of Mor- 
mon and see 
how wonder- 
fully the Lord 
is fulfilling His 
word, and 
then we know 
you will be 
thankful that 
you are Lat- 
ter-day Saiuts 
and that you 




&Kgmffig&£BHBK&L 



There are several varieties of the reptile; that pictured in 
the engraving is the Crocodile of the river Nile, in Egypt. 
The American varieties are the CrocoJilus Americana, of 
Florida, and the Alligator Mi&sissippiensis, of the Mississippi. 
Along many of the rivers in South America and in some parts 
of the Southern States the Crocodile, or Alligator, as it is 
usually called, may be seen lying as if asleep with its jaws 
extended as widely as possible, and swarms of flies or gnats 
filling its capacious mouth. Then it may be seen frequently to 
let the upper jaw or lid of its huge fly-trap fall on the unsus- 
pecting swarms, and they are gulped down with evident relish. 
Crocodiles do not seem to be at all fastidious about their 
food, for although they are known to prey upon fishes and 
warm-blooded animals, they will not refuse flesh when in 

an advanced 
state of putre- 
faction; in fact, 
it is asserted 
y some writ- 
ers that they 
prefer their 
food in that 
condition, and 
often hide 
their prey to 
return to it 
when it is 
q u i t e rotten. 
Then some 
kinds do not 
scruple to at- 
tack a man 
when they 
have a chance 
ami, if pos- 
sible, make a 
meal cf him. 
lint, what will 
se i' in m o re 
strange than 
.■ill tn you, they 
some t i in e s 
make a repast 
i if stones. It 
is said they do 
this to assist 
digestion. 



TJOIIE ^ 



BOCODILE. 




Theue is nothing rwy attractive about the appearance of 
the Crocodile, as seen in its natural state, basking in tin' 
sun along the hank* of stream" in tropical countries, with its 
huge mouth wide opuu. And our readers will win. lei, when 
looking at the pictun , how any human being could be to 
foolish or ignorant a- tn worship ,uch a repulsive looking 
creature. Yet we read that, anciently the Crocodile was an 
object of religious worship in Kgypt, that laud .»r mystery, ol 
which so little is known. Then the ancient Egyptians were in 
the habit of preserving tin' bodies ol thesi frightful icptilef 
by embalming them and carefully ! utting them away in sacked 
places. 



But we must tell you about the little bird, resembling a 
plover, that is seen in the mouth of the Crocodile. It is a 
well known fact that this bird may frequently be seen, as 
illustrated, in the mouth of the Crocodile; but there is a 
difference of opinion about the office it fills there, Borne writers 
claim that it picks from the mouth of its huge friend certain 
inserts that infest it, ami others, that it feeds upon matter 

that accumulates around the teeth of tin- Cr dile, It ts 

very likely it performs tome service for tin 1 reptile for which it 
expects iii return impunity from harm by the uplifted jaw, 
jtherwisu it would not hop around in the Crocodile's mouth 
with -ui-li an an- of perfect security. 

In these valleys we have a species of lizard known as the 
"Mountain Alligator" {Ihhderma Sw$> ectus h this is a curious 
animal and is considered by . -nine naturalists as a connecting 
link with the ancient saurians that an one time Bwarmed upon 
this continent 





56 



JU^V ^HTXX^Sl I1TSTRTJOTOR. 



t 4- + + 



BY HUGH K.VOUGII. 



CHAPTE E V 




Now boys and girls, that we have had a good rest and have 
time to look around --is, don't you think it will be a good 
idea to glean some further information respecting these 
''beautiful isles of the sea" — the Sandwich Islands? 

Well, as we are agreed, let us "begin at the beginning." 
Where are the islauds exactly situated? Between 18° and 22° 
N. Latitude, and 1. "4° and 160° W. Longitude. Ah! that is 
a puzzle for some of you little folks! Never mind, lot your 
friend, Hugh, explain: lie did not know the meaning of those 
strange figures at one time; he had to be told, the same as he 
is about to tell you. 

Latitude is the distance of a place north or south of the 
equator, or middle of the earth. N. stands for north, S. for 
south. That little round ° at tha top corner of the figures is 
the sign for degrees. Of course you know that sixty-nine miles 
make a degree. Longitude is the distance of a place east or 
west of the first meridian. Different nations have different 
meridians. The English and Americans reckon theirs from 
Greeuwich, near London, in England. Educated mariners, 
by means of instruments, can always find out by the sun the 
exact locality thev are in at sea. Now, perhaps you can tell 
how many miles north of the equator or how far west from 
Salt Lake these islands are. 

The Sandwich, or Hawaiian Islands are fifteen in number, 
although only seven are inhabited, the remainder being very 
rocky and barren. The fifteen islands cover an area of 6,200 
square miles, and their farthest points are 350 miles apart. 

The largest island is Hawaii, or Owyhee — about 4000 square 
miles in area — and is the most eastern of the group. This 
island is mountainous and ragged near the coast, but the inte- 
rior is a fine plateau with rich valleys. From the central plain 
of the island rise, abruptly, three peaks — volcanoes, or burning 
mountains — all active at times. Kilauea, on the Mauna Loa 
mountain, the largest active volcano in the world, is nine miles 
in circumference. It was in violent commotion in the years 
1852 and 1859, and has been active in a less degree ever since 
then. It is indeed a grand sight when this volcano is in full 
play to view the mighty volumes of smoke and flames issuing 
fnun its mouth, and to see the rivers of lava, that is, melted 
metals and earth, rolling down to the sea. On witnessing it 
one is led almost instinctively to exclaim: How mighty are God's 
works, and bow puny and help] ;ss is man! 

As the readers of the Instructor will shortly have given to 
them a full description of this wonderful mountain of fire, we 
will not dwell longer on the subject at present. 

Maui, the second largest island, is one seventh the size of 
Hawaii: then come in order of size. Oahu, Kaai, Mnlokai Lanai, 
and Niihau. 

The uplands and mountain sides are well adapted for gra- 
zing purposes, and the valleys and plains are very fertile, yield- 
ing abundantly; although an occasional drouth, or scarcity of 
water occurs. 

The climate is very equable, varying little throughout the 
year, and is regarded as healthful. Many sick persons from 
the United States, especially from the Pacific coast visit thes e 
islands to recuperate: The number of visitors increases every 
ear, and it has become quite a fashion to take a trip down to 



these islands from San Francisco, for fast steamers take only 
ten or eleven days for the trip, and the journey is usually very 
mild and pleasant. 

You may, perhaps, be surprised when I tell you that the 
mean temperature throughout the year is 75° F. Just bear 
this in mind when at home in Utah where in the months of 
July and August, you are panting, with the mercury between 
100° and 110°. 

These islands were first known to the civilized world through 
being discovered by Captain Cook, the great circumnavigator 
and discoverer, in the year 1T7S. He named them in honor of 
a great English nobleman who was living at that time — Lord 
Sandwich. He found the natives in a perfectly savage state, 
without arts, religion, a written language or common decency. 
Each of the islauds was reigned over by a despotic chief and 
the people were his slaves. Captain Cook again visited them 
the following year, when this great sailor was killed by the 
natives on the island of Hawaii. 

The cause of his death is variously stated by different his- 
torians. Chambers says, "The great navigator treated the 
simple and confiding natives with a cruelty and a hypocrisy 
which consort ill with his fame, and which were the direct causes 
of the brawl in which he met the death he had provoked." 
Other writers state that it was an act of treachery on the part 
of the natives, after Captain Cook had made them many pres- 
ents and they had professed the greatest friendship for him. 
Vancouver, who visited the islands with Captain Cook 
in 1778 and again m 1792 and 1794, attempted to enlighten 
the idolatrous natives in regard to religion, and probably to 
some effect for in 1819, the king, Kamehameha II, abolished 
idolatry, the worshiping of the sun, moon, stars and idols of 
wood and stone. The first missionaries arrived there in 1820, a 
party sent from the United States, and immediately set to 
work to teach the natives about the true God, and to reduce 
their language to writing, which they completed in the year 
1822. After some trouble the natives were persuaded to fol- 
low in the ways of civilized men, and not only were schools 
and places of worship built and the arts and manufactures 
introduced, but they quickly imitated their white brethren in 
all acts of crime and debauchery, as usually practised among 
"civilized" communities; and the sequel of this is that the 
native race of these islands are fast diminishing through 
animal excesses, dying by hundreds every year of leprosy and 
other fatal diseases. 

In 1841) the king reigning at that time, gave the people a 
constitution and in 184.! the islands were declared an independ- 
ant kingdom, and so acknowledged by Great Britian and the 
United States. The government is now a limited monarchy, 
having a king, with a governor over each of the inhabited 
islands, and a Iegislatun which is elected by the people. 

The present king's name is Kalakaua, He visited the United 
States last year, and everybody was pleased at his gentlemanly 
bearing and statesmanship. Some of the representative men 
of Utah met him at Ogden and invited him to visit Salt Lake 
City, but he being pressed tor time, reluctantly declined the 
invitation. When he arrived home he wrote and sent a letter 
to Mayor Wells in which he expressed his great regard for the 
people of this Territory, offering a hearty welcome to any of 
them who should visit his kingdom, and hoping to gratify his 
desire of visiting Salt Lake City at some future time. 

Here we see what can be done through the influence of 
education: this king's grandfather was a wild savage, knowing 
not God and unversed in the things that make life beautiful 
and worth living for, merely eating and sleeping like the beast 






JUVEUILB INSTRUCTOR 




in the field. And his grandson; what is he? One of the 
most perfect gentlemen to be found anywhere in the world. 
What a contrast! 

Tn be Continued. 



im: o isr :e y making. 



Si 



ome folks think it an odd question: — "Why do people 
kj make money?" Surely they make money because they want 
it. Precisely. A most excellent reason, as reasons go; but 
don't you see that it does not advance us one step towards a 
solution of the problem? People make other things beside 
money, because* they want them;jbut then they want them for 
something. Bricks, for example. They don't make bricks for 
the mere pleasure of possessing them, but to build houses with. 
That is a good common-sense reason for wanting bricks. Try 
to find, one like it for the majority of people who make money. 

Well, you will say, some want comfort, some pleasure, some 
power, some magnificence, and therefore they make money. 
Granted, my good sir, or madam. All of those are reasons, some 
of them good, and some indifferent; but numbers of people who 
make a great deal of money don t want any of those things. 
How do we know? Well, we judge by their actions. When 
they get money they don't get any of them. — don't seem to care 
about them. They only want money, that is evident. Now 
supposing all the rest get what they want when they have made 
money (a position we do not allow to be completely established, 
but only grant for the sake of argument, as disputants say), we 
ask again, "What do the misers make money for?" That is 
just the question our rickety young friend, Frank Wildblood, 
asked us the other day, when we were gravely recommending 
him to set to work in earnest, and become a steady, respectable, 
man. "What," yawned Frank, "do those old fogies of misers 
make money for? Upon my honor, I don't see the good it is 
to them. It's quite a dark affair to me!" And when we 
suggested mildly several reasons, such as we have already 
adverted to, ''Frank, after whistling a bar from the "Prodigal," 
in an exceedingly thoughtful manner, remarked, sagely, "Not 
a bit of it. It's because they've got a habit of making money. 
It's only a habit they've got." 

It is not often that young Frank Wildblood teaches us any- 
thing. Not because he does not "know a few things," as a 
certain order of people say, but because he moves in another 
world than ours. On this occasion, about miners and money- 
makers, he was right. Most men start in life with a bright 
object before them, the means of attaining which is money, and 
so they resolve to make money. But the means push the end 
out ol sight. A new fascination springs up, which banishes the 
younger dream. The real pushes the ideal from its seat. 
Money acquires, or seems to acquire, a value of its own; it 
becomes both means and end, and making it grows into a habit 
seldom lost. The proverb says that "Use is second nature;" 
and it is fully proved, when tin- natural desire of men for 
happiness is obliterated by tin- habit of making money. 




It is the highest duty, privilege, and pleasure for great men 
to earn what they possess, to work their own way through life, 
to be the architects of their own fortunes. 



SUSPICION is not less an enemy to virtue than to happiness: 
he that is always corrupt is naturally suspicious, and he (hat 
becomes suspicious will quickly be corrupt. 



<ptusf i0n<3 and j^nstetvg 

onsr TZHziE 

BOOK OF JVC O IR, 3VE O 1ST . 



LESSON cm. 

Q. — When Nephi arose from his knees and saw the multitude 
assembled what did he do? 

A.— He began to upbraid them for their iniquity, and proph- 
esied their destruction unless they repented. 

Q. — What did some persons in the crowd try to do? 

A.— The}' sought to exeite the people and cause them to attack 
Nephi. 

Q. — Did they succeed in this? 

A. — No; a majority of the people believed his words. 

Q. — Among other things what did Nephi say to them? 

A.— He told them that the chief judge was even then murdered 
by his own brother. 

Q. — To prove whether or not Nephi was speaking the truth what 
did some of the crowd do? 

a — Five men ran to the judgment seat and saw that Nephi 
had told the truth. « 

Q. — What effect did it have upon them whan they saw it? 

A. — They fell tu the earth, being overcome with astonish- 
ment 

Q. — Whom were considered the murderers by the crowd which 
assembled. 

A. — The live men who were lying on tbe earth. 

Q. — What was done to them? 

A. — They were taken and thrown into prison. 

Q. — What did the people do the next day? 

A. — They fasted and mourned on account of the death of the 
chief judge. 

Q.— On inquiry being made what was done to these live men? 

A. — They, being innocent of the murder were liberated. 

0"N" THE BIBLE. 



Q. — What did Saul ask the captain of the hoot, when lie saw 
David go forth to meet the Philistine? 

A.— "Abner, whose son is this youth?" 

Q. — What was the captain's reply? 

A. — "As thy soul liveth, O king, I cannot tell." 

Q. — When David returned from the slaughter o' the Philistine, 
what did Abner do? 

A. — He took him before .Saul with the head of the Philistine in 
his hand. 

Q.— What did Saul then ask David' 

A.— "Whose -on ait thou, thou young man?" 

Q.— Wnat did David reply? 

A. — "I am tin- son of thy servant Jesse the Bethlehemite." 

Q. — What came to pass when David made an end of -peaking 
unto Saul'' 

A. — "The soul of Jonathan was knit with the soul of Duvid, 
and Jonathan loved him a- lii- own soul." 

Q.— What did Saul do to David on that day? 

A. — Be took him, "and would let him go no more home to his 

father's hoii-e. " 

Q. — What did Jonathan make with David? 
A. — A covenant. 

Q. — Why did he do tin-" 

A. — "Because he loved him a- his own soul." 

Q— What did Jonathan then do? 

A. — lie "stripped himself of the robe thai was upon him, and 

gave it to David, and his garments, even t" hi- SWord, and tu his 

bow, ami to his girdle " 

Q.— What did David do alter tl 

A. — lie "went out whithersoever Said ienl him. and behaved 

himself wiselj ," 

Q. — What appointment did Saul give David 1 
A. — He "set him overtbe men of war." 





58 



jTJ"VEnsrinLE iitstb 



TOPw. 




THE 



GOLDMAEZSB/S' 
VILLAGE. 



From Clidtnbers' Miscellany. 




( Continued. ) 

ATo sooner had the miller's wife made this idle boast, than she 
1\ repented ofit, and extorted from the hostess of the Eagle 
a promise that it should lie kept as a strict secret. So the 
hostess kept it. and mentioned it to nobody, excepting her 
sister and her husband, and these also promised secrecy. 
They only added a little to the story, so that it was soon 
reported that heaps of gold and silver had been semi in 
Oswald's cottage; that he could buy all ( roldenthal if he chose; 
an i that such things were dune in his hous; as, it' they could 
be known, would make the hair bristle up upon the head like 
porcupines' quills. As the story went round the village, it 
increased like a snowball: it was declared that a second Dr. 
Faustu-i had settled in Goldenthal; that Oswald had sold him- 
self to Satan for thirty years: that he could make gold as fast 
as he liked; that he had bewitched Elizabeth, and compelled 
her to many him; that he could call up spirit.-; discover 
treasures in the earth; and finally, could, if he liked, ride 
through the air on a broomstick! 

This stupid tale had one advantage for Oswald, as it, pro- 
tected him from all other insulting treatment. The respect 
which they would not pay simply to the man of superior 
wisdom and virtue, they were now compelled to pay to the 
reputed neeromanjer. , Many of the ignorant Goldenthalers 
secretly crossed themselves when they happened to meet the 
schoolmaster. 

Elizabeth enjoyed a better reputation. The young people 
did not cross themselves when they met her, but enjoyed a 
friendly glance from her face, and secretly blessed her. She 
became the true friend and adviser of all the young maidens 
in Goldenthal. On one occasion, two young damsels about to 
be married came to a-k of her thcimpoi tant secret of preserving 
their beauty, and retaining the affections of their husbands. 
Elizabeth assured them that no magic was required to do it. 
Said she: "If wives frequently lo*e their attraction, and conse- 
quently the love of their husbands, it is often their own fault. 
Before they were married, they were cleanly and neat, with 
burnished brow-, and hairas smooth and glossy a- in a painting; 
now see them strolling about in the morning, with stockings 
hanging loose, shoes down in the heels, and papers in their 
uncombed locks, as if they thought slovenliness a proof of a good 
housewife. Be sure that when the wife goes about in this slotl - 
ful. tawdry way, there is little hope of happiness in the house.' 

"But all of us cannot get, new clothes so well as you can," 
said one of the maidens. 

"I use perhaps less than some of you," replied Elizabeth, 
"because I am careful and punctual in mending, whenever a 
garment requires it." 

Then one of the young women blushed as she confessed she 
had never learned to sew, but would be glad if any one would 
teach her. "I will do so gladly. " said Elizabeth : "come both 
of you to in 1, at the timet T shall appoint." 

When Oswald heard of this plan, he was delighted with the 
benevolence of his wife, and proposed that she should make 
this a beginning of a school for sewing. "The waste of material-, 
and the misery of families for want of good domestic knowledge 
in the wives of the poor, cannot be properly counted. It is a 
shame to our country that we have not in every village a sensible 
woman and good housewife appointed to teach poor young 



women good, wholesou^. and cheap cookery, as well as plain 
sewing. It would prevent an enormous waste of money, and 
make many marriages happy." 

Elizabeth took the hint: and when hertwo pupils had invited, 
by their example, a class of young women to meet at the 
schoolmaster's house, the lessons were not confined to sewing 
and knitting, but the kitchen was turned into a school, and the 
clever young wife explained the modes of preparing plain and 
inexpensive dishes for the family table. Even the aspect of 
her neat and orderly house, tilled witli decent and well-cleaned 
furniture and uten-iis of every sort, bad a good effect upon the 
minds of these young disciples in domestic economy. All these 
labors gave Oswald and Elizabeth plenty to do, but still they 
wished to do something more. Already the children had be. n 
tiained to industrial occupations, and now all were taught to 
plait straw for hats and bonnets, and besides, the girls were 
taught to do various kind- of knitting. The long winter 
evenings, which had formerly been spent in idleness or.foolish 
sports, were now devoted to these useful occupations. No sight 
was more pleasins: than to see happy parties of young straw- 
plaitPrs in tie- kitchens of the village cottagers, all laughing or 
chatting whiie their finger- were busy, or listening attentively 
to one who read to them by the light of a burning faggot. 

By such services, Oswald and Elizabeth won the affections 
of the young villagers. Still, Oswald could not banish the 
absurd reports about himself. Mr. Brenzel particularly, the 
host of the Lion, knew that the easiest way to ruin a man is to 
get up reports that he is not orthodox in his creed, and accor- 
dingly watched for an opportunity of doing Oswald a serious 
injury. At last this determined fo - and spy supposed be had 
found out something worthy of a li gal scrutiny. Said he: "I 
have got enough to twi^t the schoolmaster's neck about. I 
will compel bis own mother-in-law to appear against him. As 
a parish officer, I am bound to report what I have heard." 

Accordingly, one Sunday he arrayed himself in his best 
clothes, adjusted a three-cornered hat majestically on his head, 
took bis Spanish cane, tipp 'd withsilver, and set out wi h va*t 
strides to walk to the town. Not a word did he say to anybody 
of hi- business, tor he feared that, if Oswald caught a whisper 
oi'it, some serious accident would befall him before he could 
give info' niation of ibe (bed. ntbal vizard. As he went along 
he talked to himself, mattering over the speech he had pre- 
pared tei recite to the magi trate, and as ih t flhe aldress 

rose, he quickened his pace, and beat the air with b's hands. 
In his zeal and hurry, he got bis walking-stick between his 
legs, and fell over it so heavily, that be arose with a nose 
swollen and discolored like a la un. "Oswald, surely 

enough, did tint!" he exclaimed, as he recovered bis breath. 

As he was wiping his face, a gentleman on horseback 
galloped up to him. and asked: "Have you a gentleman 
named Oswald in your village, and where -hall I find him?" 

"Yes: what do you want with him? ' replied the host of 
the Linn, 

"The prince wishes to see him," said the horseman, and rode 
away towards Goldenthal. 

The host ..I the Lum gaped wide with amazement. "Wha — 
what!" he gasped; "the prince visit Oswald!' .lust then a 
carriage rolled by, drawn by -ix horses. Brenzel noweaughta 
glimpse of a young man in it, dressed in a blue euitout, and 
with a silver star on his breast. 

I To lie Continued. ) 



.No person ever gained anything by giving way to despair; 

he is a true hero who never desponds. 





J" TT "VIE] 1ST I IlLilE IUSTETJCTOii 



59 




(f urrcs^onHence* 



Christciitjrch, Canterbury, 

New Zeai.axp, Feb. 8, 187G. 
Editor Jin • a Je Instrtctor: 

Dear Brother: — I embrace the presc it opportunity 
of writing you a few lines to inform you of our progress and 
welfare, as missionaries among the people in this far off land. 

On the 20th of Dee , 18;.",, we arrived (that is John T. Rich and 
myself) in what we considered our field of labor for the present, 
that is, Christchureh, in the province of Canterbury. But previous 
to settling down here, we traveled north some twelve miles to 
Kaiapoi, where there is a branch of the Church consisting of 
eight members, besides children. Here we found Bro. Thomas 
6teed, from Farmington, who had been assigned by Bro. Job 
Welling to labor in New Zealand, and arrived four weeks I. -fore 
us. We labored among the people in this region of country for 
a few weeks, and afterwards concluded that we could spend our 
time to^much better advantage if we could get where the bulk of 
the people were. We consequently rented two rooms in Christ- 
church, purchased a little furniture, some crockery, and coking 
utensils, and commenced housekeeping or "baching it." The 
Saints in Kaiapoi are very kind to us, and arc doing what they 
can to help us. Bros. F. W. Hurst and C. C. Hurst we left in 
Wellington to labor there. Bro. C. C. Hur.-t got a little discour- 
aged, and joined us on this Island; his brother F. W. is still in 
Wellington, but does not meet with much success as yet. I do 
not know how the rest of the brethren are getting along since 
they arrived in Sydney, as I have not heard from any of them, 
only that Brother E. Hoagland is to labor in Melbourne under 
Job Welling, and Bros. Swan and Burton have gone to Tasmania, 
or what was formerly called Van Dieman's Land This is the 
principal seat of learning for thecolonies, and undoubtedly these 
brethren will be able to cope with the people in this reSDect; and 
I hope in addition they will enjoy the power and blessing of God, 
without which all our labors will be in vain. We found on our 
arrival here that we had no means of getting at the people, and 
we decided to print 1000 copies of "The Only Way to be Saved. ' 
by L. Snow, and have spent four day- every week distributing 
tracts and gathering them up again; and where we found any 
that wished to investigate further we have lent out what w,,rk- 
webad with us, and are doing all we can. publicly and privately, 
to get before the people our doctrines. Quite a number seemingly 
are interested, and with some I have had long and friendly chats, 
and am satisfied if they do not receive the truth, that they are 
spoiled for anything else. In this labor the Lord has liles-ed me 
abundantly, so that I have never been confounded. But polygamy 
is the great trouble with the people, and we have to meet this at 
every step. They say they cannot >e<- that it can be right. I have 
asked them for their proofs against it, then when they had none 
to offer, only their own tradition- and feelings, I would talk to 
them as the Spirit of the Lord wotdd give me utterance, and when 
I got through they have to., 1 me they never understood it in that 
light before. The opposition manifested against this principle has 
caused me to reflect a great deal; and the more I do so, the hot,- 
I admire it, and can see that without it there is no salvation for 
man. When this law was revealed, with it came the power to soil 
on earth ami in heaven, and connected with it is baptism for the 
dead. What would our religion, or the Gospel of Jesus Christ 
be worth to us without these doctrines? Simply nothing, and 
very little in advance of sectarianism. 

Last Sunday evening at 0,80 we held our first meeting in the 
Temperance Hall, Christchureh, about seventy ]"• pic being 
present. Bro. Hurst and myself occupied the time. A.few tarried 
after meeting was dismissed to inquiro after Lhe truth, aid 1 

expect after the seed has I n -own and time given to mature 

that we will harvest someday; but whether abundantly ,, r other- 
wise, it is impossible to -ay. The work i.- the Lord's, not ours, 
but we wish to do our duty faithfully among the ; pi,-, and 111! 



our mission honorably, and pray continually that we may have 
-oil's given us for our hire. This is w hal engrosses all my atten- 
tion at present, my own ignorance and inability only troubling 
me. The experience I am now gaining will never be forgotten, 
and when I return home I will be more willing to labor for the 
building up of the kingdom of liod, than I have ever been. I 
only wish our young men could realize what they will have to 
do, and quality themselves as muGh as possible for the work. I 
think I will make better use of my time hereafter. 

May the blessings of heaven attend you in all your labors is 
the ], raver of your brother in the Gospel of peace, 

William McLaoiilau. 



Ysleta, El Paso Co , Texas. 

February 19, 1876. 
Edit' r Juvenile Itstruclor: 

Dear Brother:— Your favor oftre 12th of Jan, 
came to hand about a week aeo, but being very busy I have 
delayed answering until the present. I <»m mu-di pleased to hear 
from you, and to learn of the favorable condition of things in our 
mountain home. 

I will surely take pleasure in writing for the Instructor, for I 
feel a great interest in its welfare, and I would be thankful to 
kn,,w that it is subscribed for by every fam'.ly of the Latter-day 
Saints, and read by every member, and especially by tin- young 
and rising generation. Be'ng engaged, a- 1 have been, foryears, in 
training youthful minds, I nave realized to a great extent, the 
saying, that: "As t'"o twig is bent, the tree inclines" but nev<r 
so forcibly as since 1 have been among the .Mexicans 

The efforts of the priests are to keep the peopla in ignorance, so 
tar as science and literature i' concerned; but they are taught 
politeness, and the principles of their religion, from the cradle 
until they are grown. 

"■"hey an- the principle things taught in thoir schools, and in 
this state, (Texas) the civil authorities hav" tried to put a stop to 
it. by statute. A law was passed establishing free schools and 
compulsory education and prohibiting religious teachings in the 
school room. 

The prie-ts told the people to keep their cbildten at home, and 
not -end them to school, which they did. 

The civil authorities put the Mexicans in jail to compel 
them to send their children to school, but they said they would 
rot in jail rather than disoVy the prissts; thus the law was frus- 
trate, and religions teaching go, son inthoscho >1 room as before. 
Many ofthe Catholic mot.hr,-- carry this teaching s,, far as to make 
their children swear Mint they will never 1,,- anything else but 

Catholics^ When I realize these things, 1 -ay t yself injsorrow: 

how much more ,b-\ oti d these people an- to false principles, than 
many who call themselves Latter-day Saint- an- to what we know 
to be the principles of the everlasting gospel ! 

This people labor under great disadvantages. They work oxen, 
tying a -tick to. and behind th,- horns tor a yoke; they plow 

their ground with a peculiarly shaped plow made of w I, having 

but one handle; and they grind their wh-.al and corn by mashing 
• t between rocks They live principalis on beans and chile. 

We have held two meetings in Franklin, twelve miles above 
here, two in San Kli/.ario, seven miles below, and one in Y-L-ta. 

We have been kindly treated by tin- i pie, ami wehav tasion 

to hope that we will baptize a few before 'caving here. 

The Mexicans and Indians do nol attend our meetings, being 
inslructed by the priests to have nothing to say t,, usaboul relig- 
i oll8 matters, but once in a while we have an opportunity '.,, chat 
with them, and in this way W0 have been abb- to ,1 me 

° We expect toleavehero for Chihuahua about the 16th of March. 
T -ball write whenever time p-rmits and I have anything of interest 

t,, ,-on" 1 in- 1 ' ■ t«\ 

Asking thai the bWings of God maj attend your labor-, and 
the labor- of :l l I who strive toil,- good, 1 remain. 

Your Brother, 

J. /.. Strwakt 






60 



J IT "V" El 1ST I L IE I1TSTRUOTOR 




T IHI IE IjICS-HIT IB IE IK I USTZD T H IE CLOUD. 



Words by Wm. Wjlles 



cT 



ip^RE^gEE^EgE^EEEpi^ 
:i=!tfEt||:z*d=^=33=S=s3=EfcDE<=^Eb^^3r^ 



Music by E. Beesley. 

i 

Si- 

1^=5 



Thick clouds and darkness dim the 



fEEfci= 



i— f= 



E^gE^EjEgE&E^EETEE: 



ky, Threatening now to 



i 



:fc 



:g=t 



overwhelm. We will place our trust on high, 






:r: 



rprHr 



DZC 



:t=: 



g^ E^ E^^^^EgJEJE^E^EJ^g^ 




?=T^=zj==5=q— ==- 



eHfeeeF 



high, Father's at the helm, Father's at the helm. 



m mm ^m 



t= 



Bright shines the light behind the cloud, 

Waiting 'or the road to turn; 
Hidden from the -rile and proud, 
Faithful saints discern. 



No power that mortal man can bring, 
True and faithful Saints need fear; 

Let us ceasless praises sing, 
Our deliverer's near. 



Our martyr' d prophet will return. 

Witli his pcwer to set us free; 
Our glad hearts with raptures burn 

That bright day to see. 



OTTIR. PUZZLE BOX. 
E N I G M A . 



BY ROLLO. 



I am composed of 13 letter-: 
My 4, 9, 10, is a liquid; 
My 2, 3, 13, 6, is an animal; 
My 7, 3, 10, is a nickname; 
Ny 3, 5, 12, is a beverage; 
My 1, 2, 12, 8, 7, is a game; 
My 7, 12, 4, 6, 11, 12, is tranquil; 
My whole i: a deceased senator. 



We have received correct solutions of the Epitaph published 
in "Our Puzzle Bos," No. 3, from C. F. Watkins, Bountiful; 
Jos. A. Smith, Providence; Stella Raymond, Pearl Raymond, 
Beaver; Belinda Clark. Ogden; Joseph E. Morris, Neff's Dis- 
trict; also from Chas. Green, Rebecca Manning, Martha J. 
Hollingworth, D. R. Thomas, G. If. Thomas, S. E. Vincent, 
Thos. Wilson, Chas. Reynolds, Chas. Caffall and Jos. S. Wil- 
liams, Salt Lake City. When correctly solved it reads as 
follows: 

Beneath this stone lies Katharine Gray, 

Chang' d from a busy life to lifeless clay; 

By earth and clay she got her pelf, 

And now she's turned to earth herself. 

Te weeping friends let me advise: 

Abate your grief and dry your eyes. 

For what avails a flood of tears? 

Whn knows but in a run of year-, 

In some tall pitcher or broad pan, 

She. in her shop, may be again? 



STJ1TIDAY LESSONS. 
FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XZVIII. 




Q.— What did Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery next do, after 
the Church was organized? 
A. — They laid their hands on the other four and confirmed 
m members of the Church. 



Q.— What followed? 

A.— The Holy Ghost rested upon them, and they prophesied 
and rejoiced exceedingly. 

Q. — How did Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery know how to 
organize the Church? 

A. — The Lord had instructed them beforehand. 

Q.— Were any others present besides the six members? 

A. — Tes, several. 

Q. — Were any of them convinced of the truth at that meeting? 

A. — Yes, Joseph's father and mother, Martin Harris and O. P. 
Rockwell. 

Q. — When were these baptized? 

A. — A short time after the Church was organized. 

Q — Who preached the first public discourse after the organiza- 
tion of the Church ( 

A. — Oliver Cowdery. 

Q.— When? 

A.— On Sunday, April 14, 1830. 

Q. — Where did he preach? 

A. — In the house of Mr. Whitmer. 

Q. — Were theie many present? 

A. — Yes, there was a large congregation. 

Q. — What took place after this meeting on the same day? 

A.— Oliver Cowdery baptized six persons in Seneca Lake 

Q. — Did he baptize any others' 

A. — Yes, on the 18th of April he baptized seven others. 



Be friendly to all — familiar with few. A man never has too 
many friends, but frequently too many confidants. 

0"TJ"V"E2sTIT_jE IHSTSTIR/CrOTOIR, 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OF EYERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy^ per Annum — — $2 00. 

On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage 

^^-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




