
H) 



VOL. XV III. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 1, 18S3. 



NO. 



WESTMINSTER ABBEY 



XT WESTMINSTER ABBEY is one of the oldest and most 

' ' famous churches in England, for within its walls every 

reigning king and queen of England has been crowned from 

Edward the Confessor to Victoria. Its official name is "The 



church of the country. All the kings and queens of Eng- 
land have to be members of that church, and the reigning 
sovereign is the head of the church as well as of the state; in 
ecclesiastical precedence the archbishop of Canterbury stands 




Collegiate Church of Si. I'cter s, Wcsiininstcr, but nut one 
person in ten thousand knows it by that name. Of course it 
belongs to the established church of i'lngland, the church 
that is recognized and sustained by the law as the state 



no.xl Id lilt' .s<ivcri:igii. 

Henry VIH. was the first king of England who claimed to 
bo the lieail of I he church in that land. lie withdrew from 
the Roman Catholic church and established unc of his own. 




^ 





s^ 



98 



CTTJ^EilSriXjE i:tTST^2.TJOTOI^. 




Before his day all the Christian kings of England regarded 
the pope of Rome as the head of the church on earth; 
since Henry's reign only two sovereigns of England have been 
Roman Catholics, they were, Queen Mary, a Tudor, and King 
James II., a Stuart. 

It is said that Westminster Abbey stands on the ground 
before time occupied by a heathen Roman temple. It is 
generally thought its erection was commenced in the seventh 
century of the Christian era, before the days of the Saxon 
heptarchy. But it was not all built at onoe, many additions 
and alterations have since been made, and it is now a very 
beautiful structure. But the larger portion of the building, 
in its present condition, was completed about the middle of 
the 13th century. It is in the form of a somewhat irregular 
cross. The guide books teli us that "its length exclusive of 
Henry A'll.'s chapel, is .511 feet; extreme breadth at the 
transept, 203 feet; hight of the nave, 102, and of the towers 
22.5 feet. Soon after the Rsvolution, in Charles I.'s time, the 
Abbey, which had suffered much during the civil wars, was 
repaired and the western towers were added by Sir Christo- 
pher Wren. Surroundine the east end in a semi-circle are 
nine chapels, the most interesting of which are those of 
Edward the Confe3sor, and of Henry YII. The center of 
the former chapel is occupied by the shrine of Edward, which 
was thickly inlaid with mosaic work. In the south transept, 
in and near the 'poets' corner,' are monuments to most of the 
great poets of the country ; and here as well as in both aisles 
of the nave and choir, are monuments of other illustrious 
Englishmen." 

In England there is what is called a union of church and 
state, that is, there is a state church, and certain officers of 
the state, by reason of their office, hold certain positions in 
the church, and vice versa. For instance, the reigning sov- 
ereign is head of the church because he is king, or she is 
queen, as the ca.se may be, and certain archbishops and bishops 
are lords, with ssats in the House of Peers because they are 
bishops and archbishops. There is no such a law in this 
country. But the Latter-day Saints have often been wrong- 
fully accused of combining or blending church and state. 
This charge is absolutely untrue. No man because he is an 
Apostle, Elder or Bishop by right of that office holds any 
political or governmental position, be it national, territorial or 
local. If a man holds such a position it is because he has 
been duly elected by the people to the place, or appointed by 
the proper authority. President Taylor is as subject to this 
rule, as the humblest member in the Church, and not only as 
any member in the Church but any one who is not a member. 
All are controlled by the same law. President Brigham 
Young was governor of Utah, not because he was President of 
the Church, but because he was appointed to that office by 
the President of the United States and confirmed by the 
Senate. President Taylor was the territorial superintendent 
of district .schools not because he was one of the Twelve 
Apostles but because he was elected to that position by the 
votes of the people. It takes the same routine and order in 
the case of one man as another whether he be Church officer, 
or Church member, infidel or heathen. The pretext for the 
false charges made against the people of Utah, that they 
combine church and state, is that they elect their own friends 
to office ; as any people with common sense would do, and as 
other people always do when they have the power. To give 
our rights of franchise and political life into the hands of our 
enemies is political suicide ; an act which is neither regarded 
by the laws of God or our country, nor by rea.son and common 



sense. To the contrary, it is our duty to uphold our rights- 
to save ourselves, to protect our interests and the interests of 
God's kingdom; and while we love our enemies not to love 
them better than our friends and the cause of human progress, 
which the Lord by revelation has laid upon our shoulders. 
We have the promise that if we are faithful to Him, He will 
confound our enemies. Has He not done so? Faithfulness 
to Him includes faithfulness in all the duties and callings of 
life, there is no exception to this rule. There is nothing out- 
side the purview of God's care in the life of a true Saint, 
However mankind may divide up the whole duty of man into 
divisions and sub-divisions, call these by various names, and 
separate their functions and methods, all are one in the eyes of 
God, who made man's whole being, and not a portion of him 
alone, and who requires that we should love and serve Him 
with all our heart, with all our mind and with all our strength, 
in other words, that we should give Him all the affections of 
our heart, and devote all the intelligence of our mind and the 
strength of our body to His service and worship. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



THE argument of .Judge J. S. Black against the new 
Edmunds bill has excited considerable attention. He 
was listened to with profound and respectful attention. His 
eminence as a jurist, his past services as a statesman and his 
venerable appearance caused his words to have weight, and 
though some of the members of the committee on judiciary 
did not agree with him, still they did him the honor not to 
dispute his propositions. 

The effect of his argument upon the Democrats has been 
very good. There are Democrats, as there are Latter-day 
Saints, who do not understand their own doctrines. For such 
the argument has been of service. It teaches them what 
they ought to know. This was illustrated by the remarks of 
some of them to me. 

A Democrat, a member of the committee on judiciary, 
who had listened to the argument in the committee room, said 
to me the other day, "Those people have said nothing about 
that bill since Judge Black made his argument, and I don't 
think they will." 

I asked him how he liked the argument. 

"Oh," said he, "it is unanswerable; and after hearing it, V\\ 
never vote for such a bill." 

I was pleased at this reply, the more so because this gentle- 
man had voted for the Edmunds'bill that is now the law, and 
Judge Black's argument was directed against that law as much 
as against the new bill. If there were good reasons for vot- 
ing against the latter, they applied with equally great force 
against the former. 

But this man had been taught a lesson in true Democracy. 
Judge Black was the teacher. He is a rabbi among the 
Democrats. Many of them receive with respect the doc- 
trines he teaches, who would not accept them from a less prom- 
inent teacher. 

There was another Democratic member who had voted for 
the ildmunds bill that is now law, who spoke in high terms of 
the argument. He is another one who, from reading it, has 
got new light on the doctrines of his ijarty. This is the case 
with many others. 





^ 



oTTJ^En^ILIE] ITsTSTK^TJaTOI?.. 



99 





The days are fast approaching concerning which the Prophet 
Joseph Smith often spoke. He taught the Elders that the 
time would come when the constitution of the United States 
would be treated with contempt aiid trampled upon as of no 
value. The argument of Judge Black is a call upon the 
rulers of the nation to halt and go no further in their inroad 
upon the constitution to strike down the Latter-day Saints. 

But will he be listened to? 

Not by the dominant party. His appeals and reasoning 
have but little or no eiFect upon them, in convincing them of 
the wrongfulness of their actions toward us. They sneer at 
the idea of the people of the territory of Utah having any 
rights which Congiei^s mu:-t respect. The ctnstilulion pro- 
tects the citizens of the states, they say, but the people of the 
territories are under their power to do with as they please. 
This power of Congress they do not question. The only 
questions they think of asking concerning a measure are, 
"How will it affect our party? Is this expedient? Is it 
popular?" 

It is this assumption of power, not warranted by the con- 
stitution, on the part of Congress which alarms Judge Black 
and other thinking men. If Congress can do as it pleases 
with the people of Utah, what is to prevent similar treatment 
being extended to others, when the necessity may demand ? 

Our people in this territory are familiar with dams and the 
effect of mukrat holes upon them. If a hole of this kind is 
made in a heavy dam, and the water begins to run there, it is 
not long until a perfect torrent is rushing through, and if not 
soon stopped the dam is washed away. 

This is precisely the ca.se in the treatment which Utah is 
receiving from Congress. By this action a hole is made in the 
constitution. Men pooh, pooh at it, and think nothing of it 
— it is so small; and then the end to be reached, they think, 
justifies the means. But a breach has been made. The 
waters of confusion and discord, of di.sorder and violence, are 
pouring through. The breach will inevitably grow larger, 
until, in the end, the entire constitution will be swept away, 
and outside of Zion, anarchy will reign supreme. 

Zion has had mobs to contend with in the past. She has 
now trials of a different character to endure. They are the 
products of the same spirit, but in a different form. The 
Saints will be thoroughly tested. Step by step Zion will press 
forward; but at every step difficulties must be encountered and 
obstacles be overcome. There will be many times when it will 
seem as if all further progress had been arrested — as if an 
impenetrable mountain had arisen in the path. It has ever 
been so from the beginning of this work on the earth. But 
the Saints' extremity has been the Lord's opportunity. 
I)eliverance has come, the obstacles have been removed, and 
progress has continued. 

L was much impressed by a remark made to me lately by an 
eminent man. "It is very wonderful," said he, speaking of 
the Latter-day Saints, "that a colony of religious exiles in the 
heart of the continent should be contending to-day for pre- 
cisely the same principles of liberty that the men of our 
American revolution battled for." 

He could see our true position. It is the exact position 
that the Prophet Joseph Smith, in the spirit of prophecy, 
said we should occupy. He sai<l that the ilay would come 
when it should devolve upon the people of this Church to 
uphold the constitution, and the liberty guaranloeil by it, 
upon this continent. That is being literally fulfilled before 
our eyes. We are struggling to maintain its principles and to 
preserve its liberties. We arc assailed in our own pcr.-ioiis. 



The constitution is being trampled upon in the attempts 
which are being made to reach and destroy us. It becomes, 
therefore, an act of self-preservation on our own part to save 
it. 

We shall rescue and uphold it. The liberties it guarantees 
we shall preserve, not for ourselves alone but for all men. It 
may seem at some times as if we must go down, the odds 
against us will be so great. But the Lord is on our side. He 
never has deserted, He never will desert, His people. All 
that we have to do is to go about the business He has assigned 
us without being disturbed, and He will take care of us. We 
must borrow no trouble, but trust Him. And His peace will 
flow unto us like a river and His salvation will surround us. 



THOUGHTLESSNESS. 



BY E. F. P. 



THOUGHTLESSNJOSS is a fault that many people are 
subject to. In fact, we all possess this failing to some 
extent. The results of this failing are many and various, and 
are among some of the worst and most harmful deeds that 
mankind commit. I will venture to say that more sorrow, 
trouble and death are brought about by this than by any 
other one cause. 

How frequently it is the case that we bring upon ourselves 
the displeasure of God by doing thing?, through want of 
thought, that we know are wrong, such as taking His name 
in vain, breaking the Sabbath day, etc.! 

How many times it occurs that people wrongfully injure 
the reputation of others by finding fault, backbiting and 
speaking evil of them ! Yet many do this only through the 
lack of forethought. 

How often it is that one hurts the feelings of another 
merely by a few words thoughtlessly spoken ! And what a 
source of grief are those few words ! When once uttered, 
they can be recalled no more. Lost treasures may be found, 
and the bird that has flown might again be captured ; but 
words that have once passed our lips, like the fleeting 
moments of time, can never be regained I They are gone for- 
ever. 

Think of the many who thoughtlessly waste the precious 
moments of youth m idleness and folly ! But O, how such 
persons, when they come to reflect in after years, regret the 
time they have thus misspent! How they wish they could 
again have an opportunity to make use of the valuable hours 
they have wasted. 

Again, how many there are who, not thinking what they 
are doing or what condemnation they are bringing upon them- 
selves, persecute the Latter-day Saints! And they do this for 
no reason but that they have heard false reports which have 
been circulated about them by wicked men who have u.-;ed 
their power and influence to arouse the indignation of the 
unthinking portion of mankind against the Saints, and cau.se 
them to commit acts of violence towards them. But what 
remorse of conscience these persons afterwards suffer ! When, 
in their sober moments, they stop to reflect, they realize the 
folly of their wicked deeds. How willingly they would then 
give all they possessed if that sin could be blotted out, and 
the memory of their crime be eradicated! But it is then too 
late. Their record is made. They must suffer the penalty 
for persecuting the Lord's people. 



%l 




n 



r^.S!'- 



\^ 



lOO 



vjTJ'^rEnsrinL.E! i35.^sti^tjotoi?.. 



««i 



--■^ 



These are some of the results of thoughtlessness. But they 
are not all, by any means. There are a great many rash deeds 
committed by people who do not think well before they act. 
It will be safe to say that nine-tenths of the accidents we hear 
of are caused by carelessness, or through the lack of thought 
on the part of some one or another. The numerous cases of 
boys, and men, too, being injured with fire-arms are mostly 
caused by carelessness or indifference. Often such accidents 
occur through the handling of these dangerous weapons by 
boys who are too thoughtless to be allowed to use such things. 

The many wrongs committed, the evils that befall mankmd 
and the great sufferings that are the consequence of a want of 
premeditation are too numerous to mention. Many shameful 
deeds are perpetrated by persons who justify themselves by 
saying they intended no harm but acted as they did thought- 
lessly. 

Now, the question arises, can this excuse be considered 
good? In my opinion it appears scarcely a reasonable one in 
many instances, although it may be accepted under some cir- 
cumstances as fair. 

Our Heavenly Father has blessed us with a power to thint. 
Most persons have good reasoning faculties. But the fault is 
with ourselves. We fail to make good use of these God-given 
powers. When this is the case we should be held account- 
able for our actions. 

The power to think has been bestowed upon us for an impor- 
tant object, and we should appreciate this blessing. We 
should put this talent to good use, perchance we may be 
deprived of it. Our words and actions should always be pre- 
ceded with mature thought. The trouble is, generally, 
people do not spend enough time in thinking. Their actions 
and words are too much in proportion to their thoughts and 
reflections. They exercise their muscular powers to a far 
greater extent than they do their mental faculties. 

But what can be done to remedy the many evils that occur 
through want of care and thought? It is not my belief that 
all the accidents that occur through this cause can be obvia- 
ted. We are all imperfect beings. Every one is liable to 
make mistakes; and as long as we are in this condition we 
must expect accidents to happen, and sorrow, pain and trou- 
ble to exist. But it is within our power to diminish in the 
future the number of these accidents, and to lessen the 
amount of sorrow and trouble that we bring upon ourselves 
and others through carelessness. 

To effect this we must learn to be more thoughtful and care- 
ful in all our actions and sayings. Rather let our thoughts 
overbalance our deeds ihan the reverse. It is better to think 
much and do and say but little than to always be talking and 
acting without first taking time to consider what the result of 
our words or deeds may be. Let us remember the proverb, 
"Be sure you are right: then go ahead." 

Even in our joking we cannot be too careful in expressing 
ourselves, and in guarding our actions. Many things are done 
in jest that bring sorrow to ourselves and others. 

It is not necessary that we depend upon our own experience 
only for training ourselves to think. We can profit by the 
experience of others. If a person happens to bring trouble 
upon himself or some one else through thoughtlessness we 
should take that as a warning, and remember to avoid falling 
into the same error ourselves. 

By observing these few precautions much sin, sorrow, trou- 
ble and remorse might be avoided; and in our declining years, 
when we reflect upon our past life, we will not find so much 
to regret. 



FRI ENDS HIP. 



LET us thank God for the shaping influence of friendship. 
There is not one of us, however poor or however insig- 
nificant he may be, who is not a better man than he could 
have been without the benign influences of some mutual 
affection. Not one of us who thinks he has been showering 
treasures of affection upon his friend, but has gained tenfold 
more from friend.ship than ever he gave. Not one of us has 
ever thought a kindly thought, or done a kindly deed for 
another, without by that very act benefiting himself as well 
as the other. "No man liveth unto himself;" every Christian 
is a link in the chain which binds the earth to the throne of 
God, and every single link is held in place by the help of 
every other link. If we have been thinking that the claims 
of friendship upoQ us are too heavy, it is time for us to 
acknowledge our mistake, and to own with humility how 
much we owe to our friends. Perhaps, some day, we may 
learn that that which is best in us has been shaped within us 
by the silent ministry of some unappreciated friend : perhaps 
our greatest blessing may yet prove to have been won, humanly 
speaking, through the obtrusive exhibition of the noble in 
another, and the unconscious molding of ourselves into the 
likeness of him whom we loved. 

Nor should the duties which the shaping influence of 
friendship puts upon us be forgotten. Whether we intend it 
or not, those who love us are being modified in thought and 
speech and habit by that love. Much of what they will be 
depends upon what we are. Unfaithfulness on our part to 
our daily duties, abandonment of our higher ideals for others 
which the world esteems more practicable, any lowering of 
our moral or spiritual tone, may be reproduced to our sorrow 
and our shame in the lives of those who love us. Friendship 
demands that each friend shall make the most of himself. 
We shall not be worthy of being esteemed true friends if, 
through culpable neglect on our part, our friends fail to gain 
from us that culture which friendship with us ought to give. 
In such a failure, we shall be losers as wall as they ; for we 
cannot then gain from them that culture which their friend- 
ship would otherwise have given. 

If we would be true friends, we must be faithful to the 
friendship of our Lord. If we love Christ, that love will 
shape us for good more than could any human love. The 
more we know and love His high humility and stainless purity, 
the more will these virtues be molded within us. So con- 
templating the vision of the Christ, the life of Christ will 
visibly work wiihin our souls, changing us into His likeness. 
And His love for us — who shall separate us from that? "Shall 
tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or peril, or sword? 

. . . Nay, in all these things we are more than con- 
querors. ' ' — Selected. 



Reason. — The privilege of reason, which renders man far 
more excellent than the inferior ranks of creatures, does also 
render him capable of giving an account of his actions; and 
as it is natural to conclude that he is the work of an Allwise 
Being, so it is reasonable to expect that he will be called to 
answer for the discharge or abuse of his great trust. 

Truth and happiness inhabit a palace, into which none can 
enter but humble, sincere and constant lovers. 






CTTJ^VEnNTiLE! in^STI?.TJOTOI^. 



lOl 




THE BOYS OF '7R. 



BY .T. H. W. 



WITH the battle of Lexington the war of the Revolution 
tua.v be said to commence. Henceforth the colonies 
were united. Georgia no longer hesitated, but sent her dele- 
gates to the continental Congress. Resolutions were unani- 
mously passed to provide for the defense of the country. But 
it was not till after the battle of Bunker Hill that the people 
favored independence. When the tidings of the battle 
arrived, Patrick Henry exf-laimed : ' ' This was needed to 
rouse the country to action." On the same day Congress 
appointed George Washington commander in chief of the 
colonial force*. On the day following it elected its four major- 
generai,-'. J'rom deference to Massachusetts, for the noble 
part she had taken, the first of these was Artemas Ward. 
The second was Charles Lee, the son of an English officer, the 
third was Philip Schuyler, of New York; the fourth was 
Israel Putnam, of Connecticut. Thus the country took up 
anus with only one general officer, who drew to himself the 
trust and love of the country. 

Washington immediately accepted the po.sition and wrote 
to his brother: " 1 bid adieu to every kind and domestic 
ea^e, and embark on a wide ocean, boundless in its prospect, 
and in which, perhaps, no safe harbor is to be found." 
Trumbull, the governor of Connecticut, wrote to him: "Now 
be strong and very courageous; may the God of the armies of 
Israel give you wisdom and fortitude and cover your head in 
the day of battle and danger." To this Washington replied: 
"The cause of our common country calls us both to an active 
and dangerous duty : divine Providence, which wisely orders 
the affairs of men, will enable us to discharge it with fidelity 
and success." 

Such were the sentiments which animated the colonists in 
June, 1775. A year of discussion and anxiety followed, during 
which a remarkable pamphlet was published, entitled, 
"Common Sense." The writer, who embodied in words the 
vague longing of the people, mi.xed with crude notions of his 
own, was Thomas Paine, the son of an English (juaker, and, 
at that time, a little under forty years of age. In after years 
he became a proHigate and a reviler of the scriptures, j'et, at 
that time, his writings did much to prepare the American 
people for self governinent. 

However, it was not until June, 1776, that the colonists 
gave up the hope of reconciliation. At that time the Assembly 
of Virginia issued a famous ciicular entitled, "The Rights of 
Man." The leading princi|)les which it taught were, that 
"government ought to be instituted for the benefit of the 
people ; that freedom of speech and of the press should never 
be interfered with ; and that religion can be directed only by 
reason and conviction, not by fraud or violence." A month 
later, July 4th, 177<i, the continental Congress issued TllK 
I)F.ci,.\RATrf)N OK Indki'K.npknok. And for the suppoit ot 
this declaration they added : "With a firm reliance on the 
protection of Divj.nk PuoviOENfE, we mutually pledge to 
each other, our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor." 

Thus the youthful nation, as it took its place among I lic> 
powers of the world, proclaimed its faith in the truth and 
reality and uncliangcableness of frecih)ni, virtue and ritrht. 
The heart of Jen'er.son. in writing llie declaration, andof Cun- 
grcs." in adopting it, beat for all humanity. The a.ssertion ol 
right was iiia<le for all naliouH and for all coming generations. 
It was addres.Hcd to all mankind and was ilcstined to make the 



circuit of the world. As it passed by the despotic countries 
of Europe, and the astonished people read with mingled sur- 
prise and joy, that "all men are created equal," and have an 
equal right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness, they 
started as from the sleep of years ; like those, who have been 
exiles from their native land from childhood, start up when 
they suddenly hear the dimly remembered accents of their 
mother tongue. 

When the news of the declaration of independence reached 
England the spirit of the nobility was vehement against the 
Americans. Had the decision of the conflict hung on the 
strength of armies alone, the colonists could not have gained 
the victory ; but it involved the interests of Europe's toiling 
millions, and brought into action ideas which had hitherto no 
opportunity for expression, and forces which until then had 
no sphere of action. The principles that gave life to the new 
institutions pervaded history like a prophecy, and seemed like 
the realizing of the go'den age of which the poets dreamed. 
The most profound thinkers and most intense lovers of the 
race saw in America's future an opportunity for man's higher 
development; the spiritual-minded saw in the history and 
circumstances of America the wonder-working and controlling 
hand of Piovidence. 

The history of the military campaigns of 1776 and 1777, 
are too well known to need repetition here. The Americans 
were beaten in every attack made upon them, from the battle 
of Bunker Hill, June 17, 1775, to the battle of Fort Mifflin, 
October 22, 1 777. At Cambridge they had no powder, yet 
their courage and perseverance held out. .They lost Long 
Island, New York, Fort Washington and more than three 
thousand men. They fled through New Jersey followed by 
the victorious English. The American army kept on dwindl- 
ing and shrinking till it comprised scarcely seven thousand 
men, ill armed, unpaid, ill clad and unfed. 

During those two years and four months the only battles, 
that were precui-sors of success and gave renewed hope and 
vigor to the patriot cause, were the brilliant successes at 
Trenton and Princeton. 

It was the night before Christmas. The British lay waiting 
for the Delaware river to freeze over, that they might again 
pursue Washington and his Httle band. Meanwhile the 
Americans collected all the boats up and down the river for 
seventy miles. After dark they commenced to cross the river. 
The night was dark and tempestuous, and the weather so 
intensely cold that two of the soldiers were frozen to death. 
Yet amidst the floating ice and gusts of wind they fearlessly 
rowed across the river. At day-break Christmas morning 
they attacked the astoni.shed royalists. Three tinic as many 
prisoners were taken as the number of the American troops 
engaged. The Americans then recrossed the river taking the 
prisoners with them. A week later, Washington made 
another night man^h and surprised the British at I'rincoton, 
capturing prisoners and making good his escuiio. 

These exploits, inconsiderable as they may seem, greatly 
raised the spirits of the American jicoplc. ^Vhen triumphs 
like these were i)o.>isible, under circumstances so discouraging, 
there was no need to despair. 

Though the Rritish advanced on I'liilalclphia and took 
possession of it, stiil there was a feeling of insecurity in the 
British army. They knew not what moment they might be 
attacked. 

Xotwilhslaniling these succcs.ses many of the American 
officers left the army in disgust. The nation eoulil not pay 
her soldiers and made no promise of future indemnity. The 



^ 



'J^O 




lOS 



a"X7"^E3^ILE IIsrSTI?.TJCTOK/. 




British had full possession of New York, and were rioting 
and feasting at Philadelphia. Meanwhile Washington with 
his little army had retreated to a secluded place among the 
Pennsylvania hills, which was known by the name of Valley 
Forge. 

As the men moved toward the spot selected for their winter 
resting-place, they had no clothes to cover their nakedness, 
blankets to lie on, nor tents to sleep under. For the want of 
shoes, their marches through I'rost and snow might be traced 
by the blood from their feet, and they were almost as often 
without provisions as with them. 

An extract from one of Washington's letters to Congress 
may not be out of place : "We have this day no less than 
two thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight men unfit for duty, 
because they are barefoot or otherwise naked. Our whole 
strength in continental troops amounts to no more than eight 
thousand two hundred men. Since the fourth instant, owing 
to hardshijis and exposures, our numbers have decreased 
nearly two thousand men. Numbers are obliged to sit all 
night by the fires ; or sleep on a cold, bleak hill, under frost 
and snow, without clothes or blankets." 

All this time the British soldiers in Philadelphia were well 
provided for; the oflicers were living in luxury at the expense 
of the inhabitants. The days were spent in pastime, the 
nights in entertainments. 

It was at this peri(3d of the war — the darkest through which 
the nation ever passed — that the following incident occurred. 
It was observed that each day after Wa.shington had visited 
the hospital tents and administered to the sick whatever 
necessities or comforts he had in his power to bestow, he 
retired into the forest at some distance from the camp. Curi- 
osity prompted an individual, named Isaac Pitts, to follow 
him. There, at the foot of a large tree, with head uncovered, 
kneeling in the snow, was seen the commander-in-chief of the 
American armies, engaged in prayer before God. With an 
anxious and burdened mind — a mind conscious of its need of 
divine support and con.solation — Washington went and i oiled 
those mighty burdens — too heavy for him to bear tinaided — 
upon the arm of Omnipotence. Isaac Pitts related what he 
had seen and heard, and on a subsequent day at least three 
persons beheld the venerated "father of his country," at 
jirayer befsre his (rod. 

It is recorded in Matthew vi., ti ; "But thou, when thou 
prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy 
door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father, 
which seeth in secret shall reward thee openlj'." May we not 
believe that the high moral courage which dared greater 
perils than the whistling of bullets ; that will of mighty 
strength which having chosen the right, though unpopular, 
never deviated from it; that calm self-command, which bore 
up under the greatest reverses and still preserved its equanim- 
ity amidst the taunts of enemies and censure of friends — may 
we not believe that these things were among the open rewards 
of secret prayer? 

From that time forward success seems to have attended the 
American arms. Meanwhile the tidings of American heroism 
and suffering had reached the old world and thrilled the hearts 
of the lovers of liberty in Europe. Prominent among these 
was the Marquis de la Fayette, a young French nobleman, then 
scarcely nineteen years of age. who offered to serve in the 
American army, without pension or allowance. The king of 
France dreaded the growth of civil and political liberty ; yet 
he could not withstand the temptation to wreak a terrible 
vengeance on England for having wrested Canada from his 



grasp. He sent a fleet and army to America, which greatly 
aided the cau.se of Independence. Thus did the rage of 
wicked men further the designs of Providence. 

While Washington was still hemmed in among the hills of 
Pennsylvania, the British general, Burgoyne, haS marched 
from Canada into the heart of New England. At his approach 
every man took down his musket from the wall and hurried to 
the front. Little disciitline had they, but a resolute purpose 
and a sure aim. Difficulties thickened around the fated army. 
At length, Burgoyne found himself at Saratoga. It was now 
October. Heavy rains fell. Provisions were growing scanty. 
Gradually it became evident that the British were surrounded. 
Night and day a circle of fire encompassed them. Burgoyne 
called his officers together. There was but one thing to do aud 
it was done. The British army surrendered. Nearly six 
thousand brave men, in sorrow and in shame, laid down their 
arms. The men who took them were mere peasants. No two 
of them were dressed alike. These grotesque American 
warriors behaved towards their conquered enemies with true 
nobility. General Gates, the American commander, kept his 
men strictly within their lines, that they might not witness the 
piling of the British arms. No taunt was offered, no look of 
disrespect was directed against the fallen. All were mute 
in astonishment and pity. 

One of the saddest incidents of the war, was the tragic 
fate of Major Andre. The Americans had a strong fortress 
at West Point, on the Hudson river. The English desired to 
obtain this place, as its possession would give them command 
of the Hudson river, up which their ships might sail more 
than a hundred miles. But thai fort, sitting impregnably on 
rocks, two hundred feet above the river, was hard to win. 
Benedict Arnold, a proud and ambitious American officer, 
was in command of this post. Loving money more than duty, 
he determined to sell this fortress to the English. He opened 
negotiations with Sir Henry Clinton, then in command of the 
English at New York, who sent Major Andre to arrange the 
terms of the transfer. 

At midnight Major Andre landed from a British ship at a 
lonely place, where Arnold awaited him. Their conference 
lasted so long, that it was deemed unsafe for Andre to return 
to the ship. It was determined that the next night he should 
attempt, in disguise, to reach New York by land. The pass 
given to him by Arnold, permitted him to go through the 
American lines. His danger might now be considered at an 
end, and, under cover of the darkness, he rode cheerfully on 
his lonely journey, till he came to a small stream. Thick 
woods on each side made the darkness still more gloomy. 
Suddenly three men stepped from among the trees and ordered 
him to halt. Thinking them to be friends, he told them he 
was a British officer on very important business. Alas for 
Andre! they were Americans. Andre was searched, and in 
his boots were discovered Arnold's drawings of West Point. 
The men knew then that he was a spy. He vainly offered 
them a large sum of money, but the men nobly refused to sell 
their liberty and their country for gold. Andre was tried, 
condemned, and, ten days after, executed. 

His death caused deep sensation throughout the army and 
England. Men in England began to inquire into the causes 
of this terrible, fratricidal war. 

While the British general. Clinton, was holding New York, 
Lord Cornwallis was fortifying himself in Yorktown, "Virginia. 
The French fleet sailed for the Chesapeake bay, and Washing- 
ton decided to act in concert with the French, and lay siege to 
Yorktown. The bombarding was carried on with extra- 



m 




0"TJAr3±in^I31iE! ZIsrSTI?.TJOTOI?.. 



103 




ordinary energy. In a few days the defenses lay in utter ruins. 
Cornwallis determined to evacuate Yorktown and join Clinton 
at New York. One night he began to embark his men in 
order to cross the York river and set out on his desperate 
march. A violent storm arose and scattered his boats. All 
hope was now at an end. In about a fortnight from the 
opening of the siege, the British army, eight thousand strong, 
laid down its arms. 

Well might the colonists rejoice for their long and bitter 
struggle was about to close. Eight years had passed since the 
first blood was shed at Lexington. The representatives of the 
English people had learned the causes of the American revo- 
lution, and refused to continue the fratricidal war. The inde- 
pendence of the United States was acknowledged and the 
British forces were withdrawn. 

On the oOth of November, 1782, a treatj' of peace was 
signed at Versailles, between the commissioners, Benjamin 
Franklin, John Adams and John Jay, appointed by the Con- 
gress of the United States and those of Great Britain. The 
treaty was not a compact imposed by force, but a perpetual 
settlement of all that had been called in question. By doing 
this act of justice to her former colonies, England rescued her 
own liberties from imminent danger, and gave a pledge of 
liberty to her other dependencies. That selfish colonial policy, 
which had led to the cruel and unnatural war, was laid aside 
forever. Great Britain was henceforth the mother of nations 
— the great colonizing power — destined to found colonies in 
every quarter of the globe, and sow the islands of the ocean 
with the seeds of freedom. 

For the United States, the war which began on Lexington 
Green, ended with the independence and possession of a 
country, which has increased till it is now thirty times larger 
than the parent state. 

"The boys of '76" had fought their last battle. December 
4th, 1783, Washington came to disband the army. Many of 
the soldiers had been home by permission. They now came 
to bid farewell to their commander-in-chief, and then return 
to their great work of building a nation. Washington and his 
soldiers met for the last time. No more beating of drums 
or roar of cannon ; no more weary marches or the clash of 
arms. Tbey had fought side by side, and the memories of 
those conflicts could never be effaced. Washington said : 
"With a heart lull of love and gratitude, I now take leave of 
you, most devoutly wishing, that your latter days may be as 
prosperous and hapjjy, as your former ones have been glorious 
and honorable." 

The officers then took his hand. There were tears upon his 
cheek, and the officers felt a choking in their throats. They 
pa-ssed out of doors down to the ferry. Wa.shington stepped 
into a boat, took off his hat and waved a farewell. The oars 
of the rowers soon bore him from New York to the New 
Jersey side. 

At noon on the 20th of December, he stood in the old hull 
of the state house at Annajjolis, in the presence of the Con- 
fijci-s, which had (;alled him from his quiet home eight years 
before, to take command of the armies of the United States. 
Now he was to resign it. 

He said : " I commend the interests of our country to the 
protection of Ahiiiglity God, and those who have the su|ier- 
intendeiicc of them to Mis holy keeping. Having finished 
the work assignee] rue. aii<l bidding ,111 affectionate farewell to 
this august body, under who.'-e order I have so lung acted, I 
here offer my commissioD and take leave of all employments 
of public life." 



Thus did Washington gladly return to his home on the 
Potomac. The simple grandeur of his character was now 
revealed beyond the possibility of misconception. Afterwards 
he was twice elected president ; yet never abused the trust 
reposed in him. There were many who would have made him 
king. He trampled on their offer, and went back to his fields 
of corn and quiet haunts at Mount Vernon. The grandest 
act of his public life was to give up power ; the most magnani- 
mous deed of his private life, was to liberate his slaves. 

During the Revolution most of the states had adopted 
written codes or constitutions on which all their civil laws 
were based. They were virtually, at that time, thirteen inde- 
pendent states. Congress had but little authority ; could not 
enforce laws or collect taxes. A general constitution was 
needed, which would fuse them into one nationality, and con- 
trol their conflicting interests. 

In ] 787, fifty-five delegates met in Philadelphia. They came 
together to devise means for perpetuating the liberty they had 
so dearly won. AVashington was appointed to preside over 
the Convention; Thomas Jefferson, Patrick Henry, Alexander 
Hamilton and many other wise men were there. Benjamin 
Franklin brought to this — his latest and greatest task — the 
rijje experience of eighty-two years. There were many per- 
plexing questions to be settled. Some of the states were 
large, others small : ought the small ones to have equal voice 
in the government with the large ones? They decided that 
Congress should consist of a Senate and House of Representa- 
tives — two senators from each state, no matter what its size or 
number of population; but the representatives were to be 
elected according to population. For four months the dele- 
gates discussed the momentous issues that came before them. 
They sat with closed doors ; the world will never know how 
wise or foolish, how eloquent or angry were their word.s. At 
one time it seemed impossible to reconcile their differences. 
Benjamin Franklin proposed that the blessing of God should 
be asked upon their labors. From that time forward, prayer 
was ofl'ered each morning, and greater unanimity prevailed in 
counsel. A spirit of concession was manifest, and a willing- 
ness to give up their private interests for the general good. 
Thus did the Spirit of God act on the hearts of the founders 
of this nation. 

At length they embodied their labors in a written constitu- 
tion, which, by a vote of the people, became, in 17S'.t, the 
supreme law of the land. With few amemlments the original 
constitution remains in full force now, receiving, as it increases 
in age, the growing reverence of right minded people. 

Washington wa-s the first president. He took the oath of 
office April oOth, 1780, in the presence of a vast multitude. 
He served eight years, and then retired again to Mount A'er- 
non, where he died in the sixty-eighth year of his age, Decem- 
ber 15, 1799. His countrymen mourned him with a sorrow, 
sincere and deep. Their reverence for him has not diminished 
with the progress of the years. To this day the steamers, 
which ply upon the Potomac, strike mournful notes as they 
sweep past i^Iouiit \'ernon, where Washington spent the 
happiest years of his life, and where he now reposes. 



1^2^' 



The growth of a believer is nut like a mushniom, but like 
an oak, which increases slowly itidccd, but surely. Many 
suns, showers and frosts jiiiss upon it before it comes to per- 
fection; and though in winter it seems dead, it is gathering 
strength at the root. 



-iTBt 



m 




104 



J-TJ"V^EISriI_>E in^STI^TJOTOE/. 




eSiORaE 4. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APKIL 1, 1883. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





NE of the most desirable traits in a man's 

or woman's character is punctuality. 

The word covers a great deal of ground. 

We call a man punctual when he keeps 

an appointment at a given minute or 

hour; and this is the most common use 

of the word. But it reallj' means much 

more than this. A man is punctual 

who, whenever he gives his word, keeps 

it, who never neglects to fulfil his 

promise at the time and in the way he has said 

he would. The punctual man, therefore, is 

the tiuthful man ; while the man who is 

unpunctual is apt to mislead and perhaps 

deceive others, and is guilty of conduct closely 

n to untruthfulness. 

Punctuality is a virtue that every juvenile 
should cultivate. Much of the success and happi- 
ness of life depends upon its observance. Boys and girls who 
are punctual are sure to secure confidence. People learn to 
rely upon them. They trust them. They always have good 
credit. If they wish to obtain a favor, their character for 
punctuality secures it for them. If they are in a position 
where it is necessary for them to borrow, their punctuality is 
trusted, and they get what they want. And it is frequently 
in what are called small thinss that this quality is best shown. 
Certainly it is in such things that it should be cultivated. 

One form of this virtue is shown in the answering of 
letters. In this respect many otherwise very worthy people 
are neglectful. They are neither, punctual nor courteous. 
They receive letters of love, letters of friendship, letters of 
business, letters of inquiry ; but instead of answering them 
when they are received, they lay them aside till some other 
time, which they think will be more convenient, and they are 
perhaps never answered. Such conduct is not only unpunc- 
tual, it is rude: it is very bad manners, and is a lack of good 
breeding. Of course there may be times when other pressing 
business may prevent the most punctual people from answer- 
ing letters. Under such circumstances such neglect can be 
excused. But, as a rule, the best time to an.swer a letter is 
immediately upon its receipt, or as soon thereafter as possible. 
The one who receives it has the spirit of it then, and usually 
can better answer it then than at any other time. If it be 
put off, every day that passes makes it more difficult to do, 
until it is forgotten altogether, in which event the writer feels 
slighted and perhaps ofFended. Not only does the writer feel 
that he has been shabbily treated ; but the one who has failed 
to reply feels ashamed and c/mdemned at his own neglect. 

One of the most punctual men we ever knew was President 
Young. Yet he was a busy man. But he was punctual at 
his meetings. He was punctual at his meals. However 
crowded he might be he did not feel that it was proper to 
keep others, not even his family, waiting for him. His 
family met for prayers at a certain time of an evening, he 



would break away from the most engrossing business, from 
the most interesting conversation, to be punctual at family 
prayers; he would not even keep his children waiting for him. 

Children, be advised by us: make it your aim to be punc- 
tual. 

When you make an appointment, keep it. You can spend 
your own time, but you have no right to spend the time of 
others in making them wait for you. 

When you make a promise do not let it fail, without making 
proper explanation. 

If you borrow, return that which you borrow in the way 
and at the time you say you will. 

Make your word as good as your bond, so that all who know 
you will trust you. 

When you receive a letter that requires an answer, be sure 
and reply to it as quickly as you can. 

Avoid procrastination. 

Da not put off a duty because there may be something 
unpleasant connected with it. Putting it oiFwill not help you, 
it will only increase the difficulty. 

Suppose you were in a position to need information, and 
you were to address a civil inquiry to a person whom you 
knew could give it to you, would you not think him unkind 
and ill-mannered if instead of replying to you, he were to 
turn on his heel and leave you in silence? Or, if you had a 
relative or friend whom you loved, and you were to put your- 
self to the trouble of making him a visit, what would you 
think if, when you had spoken words of love and and afi^c- 
tion to him, he were to turn his back on you and make no 
reply? 

Would this be anj worse conduct than to neglect to reply 
to kind and loving letters, or to any letters requiring an 
answer? 



LEAEN TO OBSERVE. 



MO.ST young people have great respect for men of science, 
and are apt to think that it is impossible that they can 
ever know as much as Doctor or Professor So-and-so. All 
the persons whose knowledge you wonder at were once as 
ignorant as any boy or girl who reads this. If any of you 
desire to become learned about natural things — the rocks, 
trees, animals and the like — you must learn to use your eyes, 
or make observations, as they are called. One of the most 
celebrated naturalists once said to us, in speaking of some of 
his discoveries, "All I had to do was to look and see how the 
thing was made." 

Of course to make new discoveries, one must know what 
has been done before ; and that can only be learned from 
books which record what others have done. Every boy and 
girl should observe and note down what he or she sees. 
Keeping a record of the thermometer will do much to fix a 
habit of accuracy and regularity. Note the first appearance 
of snow-falls, and their depth. The first appearance of swal- 
lows and wrens, the blossoming of the early trees and shrubs, 
should be recorded each year. These show the comparative 
earliness of Spring ; and how interesting it would be to look 
over the notes for many years! Those who begin by carefully 
observing such common things, will soon wish to know some- 
thing more about them.- It is a beautiful thing concerning 
the study of nature in any form, that the knowledge we 
receive only prepares us for receiving more. The fountain is 
inexhaustible. Selected. 




■'^<sPt 



CnT^ElNriI-.E IIN'STI^TJOTOI^. 



105 



%\ 



V. 



5; 



G 

'y. 



d 



o 





^■>&^^ 




106 



J^TJ^El^lLE IISrSTK/TJOTOE.. 




A THRILLING SCENE. 



THERE was a time in the early history of this western 
country when it was very unsafe for small companies of 
emigrants to attempt to cross the plains, for the Indians were 
quite numerous and very hostile. Many "pale-faces" have 
been massacred in the days of ox-teams and hand-carts while 
slowly wending their way across that barren, uninhabited 
country between the Missouri River and the Great Basin. 
Our cut presents a thrilling scene, the Indians attacking the 
U. S. mail coach. The soldiers, who have been stationed on 
the coach to guard the mail and passengers, seem, however, 
to be pretty well prepared for their pursuers. 

The Saints in their travels across the plains always formed 
in large companies, so that in case of an attack by the red 
men they could better protect themselves, but they were never, 
in all their journeyings to and from Florence, molested by the 
savages. This is perhaps due to the fact that from the organ- 
ization of the Church until the present it has been the teaching 
and practice of our leaders to treat the savages justly, kindly 
and as human beings should be treated. Our American gov- 
ernment has, unfortunately, pursued a policy almost the very 
opposite to this. Even in the halls of Congress it has been 
said that the be.st way to deal with the Indian question was to 
exterminate the whole race. 

An example of the injustice which has generally been exhib- 
ited towards this dusky nation occurred in the early days of 
overland travel : a few miles below Fort Laramie several 
thousand Sioux Indians were encamped awaiting the annuities 
which had been promised them by the government. A com- 
pany of emigrants on the way to California happened to pass 
them, and in so doing permitted a feeble old cow to remain 
behind. The Indians, finding this animal, and Being .short of 
food, killed and ate her. Shortly afterwards the emigrants sent 
back for the disabled critter, and being unable to find her, 
accused the savages of theft, urging the commander of Fort 
Laramie to punish them for it, A detachment of twenty-five 
men under one Ijieutenant Gratton was .sent to the Indian 
camp. They there demanded the delivery of the party or 
parties who had killed the cow. The chief offered to pay the 
full value of the animal, but stoutly refused to deliver up any 
of his baud. The lieutenant would not accept of anything less 
than the oflfenders themselves, and the chief still refusing to 
yield, the officer ordered his men to fire at him. The latter 
was wounded, but before the smoke of the soldiers' guns had 
passed away, they all lay dead on the ground, the savages 
having wreaked a terrible vengeance on them. 

The Sioux realizing that this deed would rouse the anger of the 
government immediately began to prepare to defend themselves. 
They went and broke up the agency taking what things they 
desired. A war ensued. General Harney led the U. S. troops, 
and whenever he gained the victory in war with the Indians 
he indiscriminately slaughtered men, women and children. 
He thus received the name of "squaw-killing Harney." 

It has been the experience of those who have had any 
dealings with the Indians that they are invariably true to their 
friends, but the person who dares to arouse their ire is in 
danger of his life. 

It is pleasing to note that many of these untutored beings 
are now beginning to forsake their degrading and wicked 
habits. There is an inclination among them to reform. The 
Spirit of God is being poured out upon thom, and the results 
of its hallowed influence are apparent. The day is not far 
distant when through God's servants the Lamanites will be 



brought into the Church, and the promise made to their 
fathers — that they should become a white and delightsome 
people — will be fulfilled upon their heads. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



(Continued from page 92.) 




THE volunteers, as soon as the treaty was eflFected, were 
disbanded, and they made preparations to vacate the 
city. Some went up the river, others down, while a few 
crossed over to Iowa as fast as they could. About .3 o'clock, 
on the 17th ot September, the mob forces, numbering over 
fifteen hundred, marched into the city. They camped at the 
foot of the hill near Parley Street. Speeches were made to 
them, and some of them screamed and yelled like savages. 
The chairman of the Quincy committee took possession of 
the keys of the temple; but the mob paid no attention to the 
treaty, and the Qu'noy committee, had they been so disposed, 
had not the force to compel them to regard it. No sooner 
had they encamped than a company was dispatched to search 
the wagons that were on the bank of the river, and they took 
all the guns and pistols they could find. The houses of 
Brothers Fullmer and Heywood were entered, and everything 
in the shape of arms and ammunition was seized, and their 
families threatened. Parties of armed men roamed around 
town ordering families to leave at short notice. Even the 
sick were treated with cruelty, and families were molested 
while burying their dead. The mob went through the temple, 
up to the dome of the tower, and rung the bell, yelling and 
shouting, some of them inquiring, "Who is the keeper of the 
Lord's house now?" A preacher, who was in the mob, 
ascended the top of the tower, and procl.aimed with a loud 
voice, "Peace! Peace! Peace, to the inhabitants of the 
earth, now the Mormons are driven! " 

The mob forces held their headquarters at the temple. 
They established a sort of a court at which the right of 
several of the inhabitants, who were not "Mormons," to 
citizenship was tried. Some of these people, with their 
families, were ordered forth in two hours. This mob com- 
pany went from house to house plundering cow-yards, pig- 
pens, hen-roosis, bee-stands, bursting open trunks and chests, 
and taking everything they wanted without stopping to 
inquire whether the plunder belonged to the "Mormons" or 
not. Several of the Saints were .seized by the mob and 
baptized in the river, those engaged in sousing the brethren 
used the most blasphemous language, while their companions 
stood swearing and yelling on the bank. Brothers Charles Lam- 
bert, Daniel Travis, Silas Condit and some others were thus treat- 
ed. They seized Colonel C. M. .Johnson, led him to the temple, 
tried him by court-martial and passed sentence of death upon 
him ; but they disagreed about the manner of his execution, 
and, finally ordered him to leave the city. 

V\ . E. Cliff'ord, in alluding to what had occurred in Nauvoo, 
wrote : "When the mob marched into and took possession of 
Nauvoo, I proceeded to Burlington. I returned to Montrose 
in ten days, and remained two weeks, not being permitted to 
enter Nauvoo. I find cases of sufi'ering and destitution at 
which I shudder. The poor, the sick and the infirm on the 
banks of the Mississippi; some with nothing but God's 
canopy for a shelter, no food but what they received at the 
hands of charity; and this, too, in a government that is called 




J-U-VEH^ILE IIsrSTIS/TJOTOI^. 




107 



republic, the constitution of which guarantees to every one 
his just and equal rights." 

Several articles appeared in the St. Louis papers describing, 
in eloquent and heart-touching language, the condition of the 
Saints, on the banks of the Mississippi river. The St. Louis 
Reveille said they were literally starving under the open 
heavens, with not even a tent to cover them. Women and 
children, widows and orphans, the bed-ridden, age-stricken, 
and the toil-worn and pauper remnant of a large community; 
and that paper called upon the people to help them. 

Their condition was doubtless truly wretched, and had it 
not been for a providential flight of quails in large flocks, 
they would have endured much greater suffering. But it 
seemed as though the Lord had special compassion for His 
people in their deep distress, and He sent them a supply of 
food, in the shape of quails which settled in such numbers 
about their tents and wagons that many caught them with 
their hands. The people praised God that in their persecu- 
tions, and wanderings in the wilderness. His goodness and 
mercy were manifested towards them as strikingly and in a 
similar manner to what they had been to the children of 
Israel while Moses was leading them on their dreary march 
through the wilderness to the Promised Land. 

The arms which the mob took from the brethren's wagons 
were never returned to them. If there was a good rifle taken, 
some anti- "Mormon" would be sure to appropriate it to his own 
u^e, and if anything was left in its place, it would be a poor 
gun, of little or no value to anybody. 

(To he Continned.) 



A DROP OF BLOOD. 



TF you prick j'our finger with a needle, and squeeze out a 
drop of blood and place it under the microscope, you will 
be astonished at what you see. You can hardly believe that 
a drop of blood contains so many curiosities. First you 
observe a whole lot of little reddish-looking bodies, and 
among these a number of larger transparent bodies, which 
look like minute splashes of iight-colored .ielly. It is about 
these jelly-like bodies I am going to talk with you. If you 
keep your eye on one of them, you see that it continually 
changes its form, and that it has a slow, crawling kind of 
motion; and, if you try to make a drawing of it on paper, 
your picture will never be twice alike. It puts out something 
from one side which looks like a foot; then it draws in this 
foot, and puts out another at the other side, as if trying to 
find a soft place to walk upon. Sometimes it puts out several 
of these feet at one time. This little jelly-splash appears to 
use its feet as we use ours, to walk with, though you see it 
gets on quite slowly and awkwardly. These little bodies have a 
very suitable name — miKrfxr, and the word means c/ti(ii;/i)ii/. 
This name was given to them, no doubt, because they are 
constantly changing their form. The amn'ba, or blood-cell, is 
usually about one-twenty-five hundredth of an inch in 
breadth. Heat makes these auiu'b;o, or blood-cells move 
much quicker. That is the rca.son that when you have a 
fever your blood runs so rapidly. It is very interesting to 
watch theni make their way among the yellowish-red colls 
which lie in rows all around them. Sometimes one of the 
amfcb.TR will clear a channel for itself right through a thick 
group of the others. It is enough to open any one's eyes to 



creeping, half walking through one's veins. I do not say the 
amoeba? are alive, exactlj'; but they do possess the power of 
moving themselves along. 



think of the thousands of these odd creatures that go hal 



AN INDIAN LEGEND. 



BY HA GOTH. 



/^N the face of the cluff" in the vicinity of Pisia creek, 
^-^ near Alton, Ills., can be seen a number of figures of ani- 
mals and other objects printed with a rod pigment. These 
figures are supposed to have some hieroglyphic meaning. 

At Alton is another large figure, representing a kind of 
dragon and known as the "piasa. ' The monster is represented 
as having wings, and there is a legend said to have been held by 
the Indians of this vicinity that this flying dragon once actually 
existed, and_was addicted to the habit of carrying off" numbers 
of the tribe to his eyrie among the rocks and devouring them 
at its lesure. ' Some celebrated chief dedicated himself 
to the work of killing the monster, and the picture was painted 
on the rock in commemoration of the occasion. The legend 
is related as follows : 

"Many thousand moons before the arrival of the pale-faces, 
when the great megalonyx and mastodon, whose bones are now 
dug up, were still in this land of green prairies, the numerous 
and powerful nation of Illinois, inhabited the laud which 
now bears their name, over the greater portion of which 
their hunting grounds extended. For many years they con- 
tinued to increase in numbers and prosperity, and were deemed 
the bravest and most warlike of all the tribes of the great 
valley. At length, in their most populous districts, near the 
residence of their greatest chief, there appeared an enormous 
animal, part beast and part bird, which took up its abode on 
the rock and banqueted daily upon numbers of the people, 
whom it bore off in its immense talons. It was covered with 
scales of every possible color, and had a huge tail, with a blow 
of which it could shake the earth. From its head, which was 
like the head of a fox, with the beak of an eagle, projected 
immense horns, and its four feet were armed with powerful 
claws, in each of which it could carry a buffalo, The flapjiing 
of its enormous wings was like the roar of thunder, and when 
it dived into the river it threw the waves far up on the land. 
To this animal they gave the name of 'the bird of the piasa,' 
or bird of the evil spirit (according to some, the bird which 
devours men). In vain did the medicine men use all their 
power to drive away this fearful visitor. He would be satisfied 
with nothing but human flesh, and day by day the tribe dimin- 
ished to feed his insatiable appetite. Whole villages were 
desolated, and consternation spread through all the tribe of 
the Illinois. 

"At length, Ovratoga, a chief, who.se fame as a warrior 
extended even beyond the great lakes, separated himself from 
the rest of his tribe, fasted in solitude for the space of a whole 
moon, and prayed lo the Great Spirit, the Master of Hie, that 
Ho would protect His children from the piasa. On the last 
night of his fast the Great Spirit appeared to him iu a dream 
and directed him to select twenty of his warriors, each armed 
with a bow and pointed arrows, and conceal them in a desig- 
nated sjiot. Near the plac^e of their concealment another 
warrior was to stand in open view as a victim for the piasa, 
which they must shoot the instant he pounced on his prey. 
When the chief awakened in the morning he thanked the 



riSrsM 



m 




lOB 



J"TJ"^E]3:sriIjE IZsrSTI?.TJ0T03^. 




Great Spirit, returned to his tribe and told his dream. The 
warriors were quiokl.v selected and placed in ambush. Owa- 
toga offered himself as the victim, willing to die for his tribe; 
and placing himself in open view of the bluff he soon saw the 
piasa perched on the cliff, eying his prey. Owatoga drew up 
his manly form to its utmost bight, and, placing his feet 
firmly upon the earth, began to chant the death-song of a 
warrior. A moment after, the pia.^a rose in the air and swift 
as a thunderbolt darted down upon the chief. Scarcely had 
he reached his victim when every bow was sprung, and every 
a row sped to the feather into his body. The piasa uttered a 
wild, fearful scream, that i-esounded far over the opposite side 
of the river, and expired. 

"Ovvatoga was s-ale. Not an arrow, not even the talons of 
the bird had louehed him, for the Master of life, in admira- 
tion of his noble deed, had held over him an invisible shield. 
The tribe now gave way to their wildest joy and held a great 
feast in honor of the event, and to comnjemorate it, painted 
the figure of the bird on the side of the rook on whoso sum- 
mit the chieftain stood." 

The tradition connected with this rock existed among all the 
tribes of the west. No Indian ever passed up or down the river 
without discharging his arrow at the painting; and after the 
Indian became accustomed to fire-arms, bullets were .substituted 
for arrows, and marks of ten thousaad bullets are now seen 
on the cliff. 



SUNOAY SCHOOLS. 



BY W. .T. 




THE introduction of Sunday schools was a movement in 
the right direction. A well-organized, properly conducted 
Sunday school is a splendid institution. It is a benefit to the 
family, the community, the nation, and to the world. Its 
object is noble, and its tendency ennobling, and it really forms 
a part of the great plan of human redemption. 

History informs us that Sunday schools originated in the 
Rciman Caiholic church. Cardinal Borromeo was the origin- 
ator. In the filteenth century, assisted by the priests of the 
cathedral of Milan, in Italy, ho founded Sunday schools in 
that city ; and those schools, it is understood, have continued 
in successful operation. It is also umlerstood, that in recog- 
nition of this important fact, and to dohonor to the originator 
of .so beneficial an institution, the name of cardinal Borromeo 
is placed on the pedestal of a monument which was erected in 
front of the Unitarian church, Strand, Lindon, England. 

But the Roman Catholic church c mid not monopolize the 
Sunday school any more than it could the Litin Bible. The 
Lird reveals useful knowledge for the benefit of all His 
children who will accept of it. He selects individuals in 
different ages and countries, and uses them to bless their fel- 
lows. Some He raises up as the special benefactors of the 
youth in the age in which they live. Such a person was 
Robert Raikes, the originator of the .Su iday school system in 
England, about a century ago. He was a printer and book- 
seller in the city of Gloucester. In that city he discovered 
that the young violated the law of God governing the 
Sabbath. A good deal of the nineteenth century exuberance 
and rowdyism of youth were exhibited at that time, on the 
public streets, on the Sabbath day, to the great annoyance of 
the religiously-inclined and the peace-loving. Raikes was 



moved upon to adopt some plan which would result in greater 
respect for the Sabbath, more peace on that day for himself 
and his fellow-citizens, and which would reform the 
young people and make of them a better class cf 
citizens. He cunceived the idea of establishing a 
school on the Sabbath, into which he would gather the 
youngsters from the streets, and give them religious instruc- 
tion. He leased a hou.se, and hired a lady to teach the 
children who might attend the new and novel school Success 
attended the well-meant effort. But what had Raikes done? 
He had become an innovator. Religionists were scandalized. 
They tried to suppress the .school, on the ground that the 
scriptures did not authorize it, and, therefore, it was an 
ungodly institution, and not to be tolerated. The Sabbath 
was designed to he "a day of rest," but this innovator inter- 
fered with the "rest of the holy day," therefore, the school 
must not continue. Dissenting churches appealed to Raikes 
to stop these proceedings, but these appeals seemed to 
strengthen his determination to carry out his original design. 
More children needed instruction, and were ready to receive 
it. More school room was needed in which to accommodate 
them. Another house was engaged in another part of the 
city and this was soon filled with children, who were being 
instructed on the Sabbath day. The opposition to this work 
of love and salvation gradually ceased. Religionists stopped 
denouncing the benefactor of the young, who was working in 
the spirit of his blaster, who said: "Suffer little children 
to come unto me, and forbid them not." They even united 
with him in his philanthropic efforts to educate and elevate 
the children of the poor of the city. Sunday schools increased 
in number, popularity and influence. But few years passed 
away before they were established in most of the larger cities 
in England, Scotland, Wales and Ii eland. And the good 
work continued to roll on until America and the Protestant 
states of Europe enjoyed the benefit of the Sunday 
school. 

One hundred years have passed away, and what do we find? 
What progress was made by Sunday schools during that 
period? A centenarv convention was held in London, Eng- 
land, in the latter part of June, ISS2. The Sunday schools of 
the world were there represented by delegates. At that con- 
vention it was reported that "there were at that time 
4,000,000 scholars in the Sunday schools of England 
and Wales; .500,tX)0 in Scotland; 400,000 in Ireland; 
400,000 ic the British colonies; about .500,000 attached 
to the Protestant churches of the continent; and 
7,000,000 in the United States. In all about 13,000,000 of 
scholars." And this was the fruit of the seed sown by Robert 
Raikes only about a century before. What a blessing even 
one man can be to his race, if he will only labor faithfully 
in the right direction? He certainly will not lose his 
reward. 

Now, a word about despised Utah. Thirty-six years ago 
this was a mountainous, an uncultivated, and a de.sert region, 
the home of the wolf and Indian, but uninhabited by the 
white race. To-day about l.'iD.tiOO happy people dwell within 
its borders, and their hundreds of flouiishing towns and cities, 
their beautiful residences, their su'istantial school buildings, 
their stately religious edifices, their fruitful orchards, their 
well-tilled farms, and their numerous flocks and herds, all 
attest their thrift, and give evidence of the battle they have 
so bravely fought in this arid and forbidding country ; and 
upon the face of all is the unmistakeable fact: God, their 
Father, has abundantly blessed their labors and their lands, 





CTTJ^EIITIXjE IlsTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



109 




and He has prospered them exceedingly in all their efforts to 
build up a country and a people according to His revealed will. 
And the Sunday school interest has not been neglected. Utah 
stands well in this regard. A report dated December 31, 
1879, though only a partial one, showed 265 Sunday schools, 
4,998 officers and teachers, 30,768 pupils, and 17,9i,i8 books in 
libraries connected with those schools — and these belonging 
exclusively to the Latter-day Saints. To-day these numbers 
may be, and very likely are, increased to 300 schools, 6,000 
officers and teachers, 3."i,0H(l pupils, and 24,000 books— not a 
bad showing for a peoplesituatedas we have been in these moun- 
tains! In what nation or distinctive people, outside the com- 
munity styled Latter-day Saints, can one-third of the entire 
population bo found engaged as officers and pupils in the Sun- 
day school interest? This question deserves thought. 

But the pupils of the Sunday schools of the Latter-day 
Saints have one great and glorious advantage, which is not 
enjoyed in any other Sunday school on earth. Much con- 
tinuous labor is performed in other schools to train the 
young in the path of right, and this is highly commendable ; 
but their officers know not the fulness of the everlasting 
gospel, neither do they possess .the authority of heaven to 
teach the little truth they do enjoy. But the Lord has revealed 
unto the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints the 
fulness of the gospel of salvation, and clothed its officers with 
divine authority to teach the principles thereof to every 
kindred, tongue, and people ; and these officers labor faith- 
' fully in the Sunday schools of the Saints of God, teaching the 
young the road to exaltation and eternal lives in the celestial 
kingdom of our heavenly Father. This is, indeed, a glorious 
privilege for the .youth of Zion, and a privilege which they 
cannot possibly value too highly. And ■xe say to the young, 
use this invaluable privilege. Get all the benefits you can 
from it. Youth passes away. The stern and incessant labors 
of life will devolve upon you, and you need a good foundatioa 
laid in youth, to enable you to bear the burdens of riper years. 
Therefore, fill up the Sunday schools. Learn the heaven- 
revealed truths there taught by the spirit of inspiration. 
Partake of that spirit, and allow it to permeate your entire 
organization, and dwell there and preside in its seat of govern- 
ment, directing your whole earthly career. Obey its direc- 
tions. Practice the holy principles taught in the Sunday 
schools and elsewhere, and you will become the men and 
women of whom your parents will be proud, whom the Priest- 
hood will honor, and whom the Lord will deliglit to bless and 
use in the exercise of His mighty power, for the accomplish- 
ment of His glorious designs in this the dispensation of the 
fulness of times. May the blessings of heaven attend the 
.Sunday scrhools of Zion! May the power of God rest down 
abundantly upon the faithful and continuous labors of the 
earnest male and female workers in those schools ! And may 
all the choice blessings desired by those anxious workers, and 
designed by the councils on high, through their instrumental- 
ity and the agency of Sunday schools, rest down abundantly 
upon Lsrael's favored sons and daughters, throughout their 
ever- increasing generations, for ever and evei! 



THE REFORMERS. 



W^, 



Our life is a warfare: and we ought not, while passing 
through it, to sleep without a sentinel, or march without a 
scout. He who neglects cither of these precautious expo.se8 
himself to surprise, and to become a prey to the diligence 
and perseverance of his adversary. 



WE will now pass by some of the less-important person- 
ages who lived and labored on this stage of action in 
the turbulent times of the reformation, and come to that man, 

MARTIN LUTHER, 
whose actions in this great religious struggle immortalized his 
name. He was born on the loth of November, U83, at Eis- 
leben, a town of Prussian Saxony. His parents were at the 
time of his birth quite poor, the father being compelled to 
labor very hard in the mines for the sustenance of himself and 
family. Through industry and economy their circumstances 
improved and when Martin was but six months old, the family 
moved to Mansfield. It was here that the future reformer 
first attended .school. When not engaged at his studies he 
was compelled to sing from door to door in the neighboring 
villages — an employment then considered quite proper — to 
thereby gain something for the defrayal of his expenses at 
home and school. He pursued the same course when he was 
subsequently sent to the schools at Blagdeburg and Eisnach. 

The training which our hero received both at home and in 
school greatly assisted in bis preparation for the aiduous labors 
which he in after life performed. His father was very strict 
with him as he was the olde.^t child, and it was dfsired that 
he should be a worthy example to the younger children. At 
home he was often whipped for the merest trifle until the 
blood came; and at school he apparently fared no better, for 
it is stated that during one afternoon he received no less than 
fifteen thrashings. In the days of Martin's youth the slightest 
misstep was punished with the rod, that being deemed the 
best cure for the follies of youth. Martin's ftither undoubtedly 
loved him tenderly, as he often was seen carrying the lad in his 
arms to aad from school ; but his severity was due to the fact 
that he desired to make his son in every respect perfect. 

While youDg Luther was going his rounds in Eisnach 
singing before the doors of the people, he attracted the atten- 
tion of a rich lady, named Ursula Cotta. She rendered him 
valuable assistance as long as he remained in the neighbor- 
hood, or until he was eighteen years of age and prepared to 
enter the university of Erfurt. At this latter place he 
studied very diligently and graduated as master of arts in 
1.50,5. 

During all his school days and even as a boy at home his 
mind had been inclined towards religious subjects. ^Vhen a 
work on religion came into his hands he could not rest until he 
had digested its contents. The result of his investigations 
was that bis heart was touched and he decided to devote his 
attention to spiritual things. In order to more fully c:irry out 
his desires he entered the Augustinian convent .July 17th, 
1505, and there subjected himself to such severe di.-cipline 
that he very materially injured his health. So persistent was 
he io the study of the scriptures that in two years he was 
made a priest and in one year more became a religious pro- 
fessor in the university of Wittenberg. 

It was during his monastic life that he was first led to doubt 
the practices and doctrines of the church of Rome. His mind 
was enlightened by the study of the .scriptures, and he readily 
saw that what the Bible taught was contrary to the accepted 
doctrines of the Catholics. The doubts which had gained 
possession of his mind were turned into knowledge when he, 
in the year 1510, paid a visit to Home, where he saw the 
worldly ambition of the pope and the infidelity of the clergy. 
Luther's religious soul was greatly shocked and he became 
miserable in reflecting on the wickedness of the great church 





'''-''<s%r^ 



no 



G"rr"VEiTinLE] iiststi^tjotoi^. 



In regard to this visit to Rome the great leader in after years 
remarlied, "I would not for a hundred thousand florins have 
missed seeing Rome. I should always have felt an uneasy 
doubt whether 1 was not, after all, doing injustice to the pope. 
As it is, I am quite satisfied on the point." 

Luther's career as a reformer may be said to have com- 
menced at the time of this visit to the pope, although it was 
not until some years after that he proclaimed his belief in 
open defiance to the opinions of the Romish clergy. The 
teaching which aroused Luther and caused him to publicly 
denounce the shameful practices of the church was the sale of 
indulgences. The papal authorities were in need of some 
money to pay the expenses of the extravagant hirelings, as 
also to complete the church of St. Peter in Rome. His ecclesi- 
astical highness, after having tried several methods finally 
adopted this plan of selling pardons. The idea that it was 
within the power of the church to forgive sin gradually grew 
into the belief that the pope could issue pardons of his own 
free will, which, being given to the faithful, exonerated them 
from the consequences of their transgressions. Not only did 
these written pardons release the culprit from condemnation 
for past sins, but some were also given, on the payment of a 
large sum of money, which would forgive any sins which 
might be committed in the future. 

The principal vendor of these indulgences was one John 
Tetzel, a man who was better known because of his forward- 
ness and wickedness than because of his good qualities. He 
traveled through the country, loudly proclaiming his business, 
and urging that, 

"As soon as the gold in my box sounds 
The soul of man uito heaven bounds." 

Devout men and women everywhere were disgusted with 
the actions of the loud-mouthed Tetzel. The evils of the 
system also soon became apparent, for the sale of these indul- 
gences was a license to sin. If a person desired to commit an 
evil deed, all he had to do was to purchase a pardon, and then 
his absolution by the priest after the act was committed was 
certain. 

No one perceived the corruptness of the system quicker 
than did Luther, nor was anyone more free in expressing his 
utter contempt for the same. As Tetzel in his travels came 
to Wittenberg, Luther openly denounced him in the strongest 
language, and even forbade the members of his flock from 
having anything to do with this false teacher. The indigna- 
tion of the reformer knew no bounds, and on one occasion, when 
speaking about "Tetzel and his wares," he exclaimed, "God 
willing, I will beat a hole in his drum." 
( To he Continued. ) 




Sagacity of Ants. — When Dr. Franklin was in Paris, as 
he sat quietly and alone at his breakfast one morning, he saw 
a number of black ants busy with the contents of the sugar- 
bowl. He drove them away, but they returned. Again he 
dispersed them, but in a few minutes they were seen climbing 
from lump to lump as if nothing had happened. To try their 
ingenuity, he had the sugar-bowl suspended by a string from 
the ceiling. They endeavored to reach it by standing on each 
other's backs; several mounted in that manner and reached 
upwards, but in vain. After repeated attemjits they went 
away, and he supposed they had given up the matter; but 
presently he saw them descending the string, and dropping 
down upon the lumps of sugar. They had scaled the walls, 
traversed the ceiling and found another road to the treasure. 



ITEMS OF EXPERIENCE. 



BY A. M. C. 



(Continued from page 83.) 

SHORTLY after the occurrence of the events before related 
I went to the small city of Hanover, situated in the 
same State, where a few members of the Church were resid- 
ing. Some persons who had formerly belonged to the branch 
in this place had apostatized, and were very bitter in their 
denunciations of the gospel. I therefore found it a somewhat 
difiicult ta.sk to uphold my religion in the face of all this 
opposition. I often went out to some lonely spot, where I 
could meditate and pray without interruption, and would there 
unburden myself before the Almighty; and by this means I 
gained strength to withstand the attacks of my enemies. 

One day. Sister Lee, the lady with whom I was stopping, 
broke the handle of her willow basket, and I, under pretext 
of going to mend it, went some distance from the house into a 
dense willow patch. Seeking out a secluded spot, I com- 
menced to pray as usual, when suddenly I experienced a 
strong inclination to go and visit a woman who was lying at 
the point of death. This woman and her husband were once 
faithful members of the Church but they had by some means 
become dissatisfied. I slowly and thoughtfully bent my steps 
towards the place where the sick woman lay. On arriving at 
her home I hesitated at the bottom of the stair which led to 
her room, and telt almost half inclined to not visit her. 
Finally I induced a sister of the Church who was living in the 
same house, to go and inquire if I would be admitted into the 
sick chamber. An affirmative answer being given I entered 
the room, and was greeted with the words, "I am very glad 

to see you. Brother C ; I have been praying to the 

Lord to send you to me." She expressed deep sorrow 
because of the apostasy of herself and husband. She 
also requested me to anoint her with consecrated oil and lay 
my hands upon her that she might recover. I did so, and 
promised her in the name of the Lord that if she would 
repent of her sins and turn unto the Lord she should recover. 
The husband also came into the room while I was there and 
seemed quite penitent. From the moment when she was 
blessed this woman began to recover, and was in a short 
time quite well. Both she and her husband subsequently 
reunited themselves with the Church and remained faithful 
members of the same. Thus did the Lord manifest His 
power through me, to the strengthening of my testimony and 
the increasing of my faith. 

Shortly after the events above related I was released to 
return home, and in a few weeks was again in the valleys of 
the mountains. 



Spiders.— There are in Ceylon spiders, with legs which 
would .span an ordinarj'-sized breakfast-plate; and it seems to 
be now pretty well ascertained these creatures seize small 
birds and feast upon their blood. There are also such spiders 
known in Australia and Hindostan. Their webs are strong 
enough to entangle and hold the small birds; and one species 
weaves threads or rather cords, athwart the pathways, which 
once actually lifted Sir Emerson Tennent's hat off his head in 
riding. Small hou.se-lizards are sometimes seized and 
devoured by these spiders. 




'<^<SU 



j'TJ'VEnsrii_,E i"n5rsTi^.TJGTOi?.. 



Ill 



THE FISHERMAN. 



In the iiicture we see two little boys and a lit- 
tle girl in a boat. They are probably the chil- 
dren of some fisherman. Their father, after return- 
ing from a fishing trip, has given them permis- 
sion to use his Ijoat. They are trying to amuse 
themselves by rowing the boat along the shores of 
the sea, where the water is not very deep. These 
children having spent all their life near the water 
are not afraid of it like some children are who 
have been always kept away from the creeks and 
rivers. No doubt their father takes them with 
him sometimes when he goes out to fish, so that 
they can learn how 
to manage a boat 
and catch fish. He 
expects that when 
they grow up they 
will have to earn 
their living in the 
same way that he 
does now. That is 
by catching fish and 
selling them in or- 
der to buy what he 
needs to keep his 
family. 

Perhaps .some of 
our little readers do 
not knoM' that men 
spend all their lives 
in fishing, and that it is the only means they have 
of getting a living. There are very few people in 
Utah who earn tlieir living in this wa}'. But in 
old countries, where the people are very numer- 
ous, a great many ways of getting a living are 
resorted to tliat would seem strange to some of 
our young boys and girls. 

Many thousands of men and boys, who live 
near places where fish are plentiful, are engaged 
in catching them and jireparing them for the 
market. 

Some boys may think that a nsherinan's life is a 
very pleasant one. Tiioy may iinagiiie tliis 
because they find itfiucsport tiiemselvcstogo witli 
a hook and line to lisli in the streams that How 
near tiieir liomes. But it is (juite different witli 
tlic poor men who depeml upon catciiing lisii fur 
a living. They are subject to many dangers tliat 




boys who go fishing in the small brooks, do not 
meet with. Often when the fishermen are out in 
their small boats a storm arises and causes many 
of their vessels to upset, and many of them lose 
their lives bj' it. 

Sometimes the small boats of the fishermen are 
.struck and broken to pieces b}' larger vessels, and 
the men in them are either killed or drowned in 
the sea. 

The life of a fisherman is very perilous and 
uncertain. Many a fisherman's wife and children 
have had cause to mourn the loss of a hu.sband 
and father wlio has been drowned while engaged 
in his labors to support his family. 

The children of these valleys should feel thank- 
ful that they live here, far away from the dangers 
that attend those who have to make a living by 

catching fish. They 
should . al.so feel 
grateful to their 
Heavenly Father 
for bringing their 
parents here, where 
they can labor to 
support themselves 
and families witli- 
out being subject to 
the dangers that 
many people in the 
world are. Plere 
they can live in 
comfort, and can 
afford to give their 
children a fair edu- 
cation, and prepare 
them to fill a better position in life than that of a 
fishei'man. 



BE aENTLE. 



At school, at home, or on the street, 
Where'er you go, with whom you meet. 
Let pleasant smiles an index lie 
To a heart within (Voni niischicf free. 

To mother's voice, witli willing lieart, 
Give earnest heetl; act well your pai'l, 
And never from its precepts stray. 
In study, work or hcaltliful play. 

Deal gently witli ymir playmates all, 
And iiex'ci' from \i)ur lijis K't fall 
An angry word; hut e'er lake lieed 
That mildness 'tends your ev'ry deed. 




f^ 



!£>f. 



wiC 





lis 



OTTJ^NTEinsriLE insrsTi^TJOTOi^. 




BEAUTIFUL WORDS OF LOVE. 



Words by J. L. Townsend. 



V 



iisi 






0, 



zm=wi=m- 



I*TIS*I 



--1- 



Music by E. F. Parry. 

I .^ 1 s 



-2-?^, 






ho - ly words of truth and love We hear from day to 



dav 



ifczl*: 



it=^ 



=p: 



lie - vealed to Saints from 



It: 






"t: 



:t?= 






:^=^^=^ 






Chorus. 
-,«2 






God a ' bove, To guide in heaven's way 



Beau - ti - ful words of 




Beau - ti - i'ul words 



Coming from God a 



t»v- 



?E^I 



IS I 




bove; How sweet, how dear 1 he words we hear ! They're beautiful words of 

-m -^ -m ^ ^ o ^ m m * ' m 

- j— -[— H— 4— -•- -*- -*- -•■ -»- -•- _ -•- -m- -*- -F -P -*-*-(• 



love. 



;t=^t:=t: 



-?!• — • — •- 



=1=1 



|=t=t==t: 



^ *> ^ 
from God above, 

They're from Apostles good and true, 

Whose names we all revere. 
Who daily teach us what to do 

In words of love and cheer. 

They're from the Prophets God inspires, 

In counsels oft withstood, 
Reproving all our ill desires, 

Commending all that's good. 



-r 



=S=t: 



^131 



:Tt==r= 



T 



And from each chosen one that speaks 

By aid the Spirit gives, 
For ev'ry sphere of life it seeks 

For every one that lives. 

As gems of wisdom pure and bright, 
That glow with lustrous ray. 

We'll seek to gain these words of light 
Their counsels to obey. 




ALBUM LINES. 



BY .1. I,. T. 



When melancholv o'er thee brings 

It" .sad, despondput reign, 
.\nd dppp despair with torture stings 

The heart with many a pain ; 
Remember then tn humbly kneel, 

In frequent fervent prayer. 
Till God, by grace He must reveal, 

Has banished thy despair. 



With heaven's sunshine in the heart, 

Then rouse to noble zest. 
While hope again inspires its part 

Of faith within thy breast: 
Till labor yields fruition sweet, 

And happiness to prove, 
That heaven still its grace shall mete 

Thy sorrows to remove. 



E N I O M \ 

BV 0. AV.^Bl). 



T AM a word of four letters, which signifies a mark. 
If spelled backwards, I am the plural name for a kind of 
toy; 
Transpose me, and I am transformed into useful vessels; 
Again spell backwards, and I form a synonym for suppress; 
If transposed once more I become a support. 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORCE Q.. CANNON, 



BDITOB. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 

Single Copy, per Annum - - - $2.00. 

Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




