


I 



^jQlmss U t|)e ^^Qx)i\ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAICE CITY, SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1870. 



NO. 13. 



■BXOGr:Rj^:BSLi^. — j-osEiPs: sdvlith:, the i^k^ozpecet. 




I T was only two days before that the 
Carthage Greys were under arrest for 
insulting the commanding general. 
They were a most mutinous body of 
men, and their conduct was more hos- 
tile to tlie brethren, than that of any 
other company. All of this was known 
to Governor Ford. Yet he selected them 
to guard the prisoners in the jail while 
he visited Nauvoo. The mobbers whom 
he had found at Carthage and had mustered 
into the service of the State, were dis- 
banded and discharged in Carthage, instead 
of being dismissed into the hands of their 
several officers to be marched home. Thi 
t a* large a body of men who were filled with 
a vindictive and murderous disposition and 
ripe for any deed of violence. Besides these there 
were some two or three hundred armed men 
encamped abtut eight miles distant from Carthage, on 
the Warsaw road, who 
had for a leader a Bap- 
tist preacher, linown as 
Colonel Levi Williams, 
a sworn enemy of Jos- 
eph, and a man wno 
only want€d an oppor- 
tunity to murder him. 
These men Governor 
Ford suffered to remain 
encamped there. Leav- 
ing the Carthage Greys 
to guard the prison un- 
der these circumstances 
was as though he said 
to Williams and his 
band, and to all the 
mobbers and apos- 
tates: 

"Now is the time for 
you to accompliMh your 
de-signsin murderingjos- 
epb and Hjruui Smith. 
I bave bad them shut up 
in prison, and placed as 
guard over them men 
who hate them and who will iii)t. re>i-i ymi if vou try to kill 
the prisoners. I will be out nf the way lujself, for i am go- 
ing to Nauvoo; there will be nothing to ( reveot you from 
taking full satisfaction and wreakiug your veageaace upon 
them ; for they are defenseless." 




We have no evidence that he used this language ; but 
it is said, that actions speak louder than words, and his 
actions said this and much more to the desperate villains 
who were clamorous for the blood of the prophets of 
God. 

It was in the forenoon that Ford started to Nauvoo, 
escorted by that porti >n of his troops which felt most 
friendly to the prisoners, and most disposed to do right. 
John S. Fullmer also left the jail for Nauvoo, lo assist 
Brother Wheelock in gathering and forwarding witnesses 
for the promised trial. The guard would not admit Cap- 
tain Dan Jones into the jail. He, however, met A. W. 
Babbitt in the street, and told him that Joseph wanted to 
see him. The guard permitted him to pass into the jail, 
and while he was there, Joseph wrote a letter to O. H. 
Browning, a lawyer of Qulncy, requesting him to come 
to the expected trial on Saturday in his professional 
capacity. This letter A. W. Babbitt, when he got out- 
side of the jail, handed to Captain Jones to take to Quincy 
forthwith. Tne guard, knowing a letter had been 

written, told the mob 
that it was an order 
from Joseph to raise the 
Nauvoo I;egion to come 
and rescue him. They 
wanted to take the let- 
ter from him by force, 
and even went so far as 
to waylay him ; but he 
took the wrong road and 
escaped. Shortly after 
dinner. Colonel Mark- 
ham was sent out of the 
jail by Joseph on an er- 
rand. As he was return- 
ing to the jail, a number 
of the Carthage Greys 
gathered around him, 
put him on his horse 
and forced him out of 
town at the point of the 
bayonet. 

The engraving, which 

we herewith give, is a 

representation of Carthage jail in which Joseph and the 

other brethren were confined. The window that is open 

was in the room in which they sat. 

In the afternoon Elder Taylor sang the hymn written 



1 



^: 






©^ 



98 



J-U^E!n^IIL.E IIsrSTI^/TJOTOI?/ 



I 



by Montgomery, which is fouud ou page 2-54 of our 
hymn-book. 

"A poor wayfaring man of grief, Ac," This hymn 
pleased so much that Josepli requested liim to sing it 
again, which he did. After which Hyrum read some 
extracts from Josephus. At four o'clock in the afternoon 
the guard was again changed. There were only eight 
men stationed at the jail, the muin body of the 
Carthage Greys was in camp upon tlie public square 
about aquarter of a mile distant. A short time afterwards I he 
guard sent in word that they wanted some wine. Joseph gave 
Doctor Richards two dollars to give to them ; they said 
one was enough, and would take no more. With this 
he sent for a bottle of win^, some pipes, and a little 
tobacco. One of the guard brought them into the jail, and 
Doctor Richards uncorked the bottle, and Joseph, Bro. 
Taylor and himself tasted some which was poured out. 
As the guard turned to go out somebody called him two 
or three times, and he went down. Immediately there 
was a little rustling at the outer door of the jail, and a cry 
of "surrender," and instantly the di-charge of four or 
five fire-arms followed. As Doctor Richards glanced an 
eye by the curtain of the Window he saw about one hun- 
dred armed men around the door. This shooting was 
done by the guard, who, it is said, threatened the mob 
when they came up, and at the same time discharged 
their guns over their heads. It is very doubtful wliether 
they had anything but blank cartridges in their guns. 
Tlieir threats, their scuffling, and the firing of their guns 
were all a sham for the purpose of keeping up appearances, 
that it might be thought they were not in with the mob. 
The mob encircled the building. Some of them ran by 
the guard up the flight of stairs, burst oppn the door, and 
began firing; those who were on the outside, fired in 
through the open wi dow. As it was a hot day, Joseph 
and Hyrum and brother Taylor had their coats off. As 
soon as they knew that they were attacked, Joseph 
sprang to hi's coat for his six-shooter, Hyrum for his 
single-barreled pistol. Elder Taylor for Col. Markham's 
large hickory cane, and Doctor Richards for Brother 
Taylor's cane. They then endeavored to push the door 
to; but the balls came whistling up the stairway and 
one came through the door which jiassed between tliem 
without injuring them. Joseph and Elders Taylor and 
Richards theti moved to the left of the door. Hyrum, at 
the same time, retreated back in fiout of the door, wlien a 
ball came through and struck him on the left side of his 
nose, and a.s he was falling backwards a ball came through 
the window, entered his sitle and passed through liis body 
with such force that it complete y broke to i)ieces liis 
wat<'h which he wore in his vest pocket. At the same 
Instant, anotlier ball from the door grazed his breast, 
entered liis throat and passed into his head. As he fell 
on his i)ack on the floor, he e.xclaimed: "I am a dead 
man." In this moment of extreme peril when a complete 
shower of balls was flying iiilo the room, Joseph's alleo- 
tion for his brother Hyruiu manifested itself, and anguish 
forced from him the exjiression, as he looked toward liis 
brother: "Oh! dear brother Hyrum" and he reached 
around the door-casing and fired his revolver into the 
pa-s-sjige. Only three if the barrels were discharged. At 
the same time Elder Taylor was next to him knocking 
a-fide the guns with the cane which he had in his hand 
as they pointed them into the room, while Doctor Rich- 
ards stood by him ready to lead any assistance with ano- 
ther stick. 

(To hr continued.) 



Base all your actions upon a principle of right ; preserve 
your integrity of character; and in doing this never count 
the cost. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






SIIl,VEIL-.A.I?.G-E2srTTJ:M:. 



pHTS metal is sometimes found in the metallic state. 
' presentin<r, at times a very beautiful arborescent ap- 
pearance resemliling branch coral in structure. But, more 
frequently silver is combined with other elements, espe- 
cially with sulphur. Wlien one, or an atom of silver is 
chemicallj" united with one of sulphur a sulphide, or sul- 
phuret, of silver is formed. When an atom of lead com- 
bines with one of sulphur, a sulphuret of lead is formed, 
this is Ivnown among us as "galena." 

Galena often contains the sulphuret of silver, it is then 
said to be "argentiferous galena," this is a very abundant 
mineral among us. 'J'his is the reason we are successful 
in exporting so much, it is valuable for the silver it con- 
tains, as well as the lead. But silver is not only found 
combined with lead, it is found with mercury copper and 
gold. The mode of separation of silver from other metals 
than lead is entirely different, as will be explained. 

There is some misunderstanding about our galena ores, 
which the student will do well to avoid, viz: the supposi- 
tion tliat they contain the chloride of silver. What is a 
chloride? Chlorine and silver chemically combined. 
Now the chloridd of silver, and the br •luide also (bromine 
and silver) cannot remain as such in the presence of the 
metallic sulphurets, they mutually re-act upon each other, 
producing double decomposition. This is the reason, 
probably, that the clilorides are not abundant in our 
rocks; they may, however, be found, but they will not be 
found among the sulphurets. A chloride of silver, or 
"horn silver" brought in from Rush Valley to the Mus- 
eum, is, probably the first instance of finding the true 
cliloride, in this Territory. 

Silver is a very important metal, it is easily worked, 
very beautiful, capable of combining with other elements 
to form substances of great use in the arts. It is also very 
durable, not decomposing like the inferior metals by ex- 
posure The vegetalde acids atl'ect it slightly, in an 
atmosphere free from the vapors of sulphur, it does not 
tarnish. The reason a silver spoon loses its color on 
being thrust into an egg, will be an interesting thing to 
notice. If the spoon is brougat in contact with a cold 
egg no discoloration takes place; but, when heated a 
sulphuret of silver is formed, the greater the heat, the 
more intense the blackness of the sulphuret. 

But for general purposes silver is very useful for articles 
of plate. Hence, spoons, forks, dessert knives, plates, 
dishes, flag ms, waiters, trays, and, for culinary purposes, 
saucepans, &c., are made of it. It is extensively used for 
purposes of adornment, for which purpose it is frequently 
covered with gold. Then for coin it is very largely used. 
British coin is alloyed wil,h seven and a half per cent of 
copper to make it durable ; that is seven ounces and a half 
of copper, are melted with ninety two and a half ounces 
of pure silver, or in that proportion. Then silver is used 
to form the nitrate, with which marking ink is made, it 
is also used largely for photographic purjioses. 

No wonder then that the demand lor this metal should 
be so great. The wear and tear of silver necessitates a 
continuous loss of this metal, so that mining operations 
are not likely to be discontinued. 

To supply this demand there are mines in difTerent 
parts of the world constantly sending forth fresh supplies. 



S 



^^^im 




pw 



G" TJ "V^ E 3sr i L E IlTSTI^TJGTOI^.. 



'^^^l 



99 



'^« 



Sotne of these mines are a great source of wealth to the 
owners and beneficial to those employed. There is a 
great deal of luhor in procuring silver from ores which 
has to be paid* for, it is seldom that men get rich suddenly 
by discovering silver as a metal. It is said that a Peru- 
vian found the celebrated mines of Potosi by accident. 
He was "chasing some wild goats, and happened to take 
hold of a shrub that gave way and revealed ihe treasure. 
For a long time, he went slyly to the place and helped 
himself to fresh supplies. Becoming suddenly rich a 
neighbor was inquisitive enough to find out the cause. 
Again, and again, they went and obtained a large quan- 
tity of the metal together But the mode of reducing a 
metal to a marketable form was a secret too great to im- 
part by the first discoverer to the other. Information 
was consequently given and the mines were taken posses- 
sion of for the use of the King. Whether valuable mines 
like those will be discovered here is uncertain, should 
they be there is no monarch to seize them, so, we hope to 
see a fine specimen exhibited in our Deseret Museum. 

Beth. 



THIB BEE-TII'VE. 



NOW, here is an idea for you! We are going to take the 
Juvenile Instructor and make a bee-hive of it If 
some of our young readers should wonder how that can be 
done, we just request them to remember the collections of 
flue things they have got acquainted with, since they 
commenced to raad tne Juvenile Instructor. All these 
things were gathered up industriously from various 
sources for the good and enjoyment of the children of our 
Mountain Home, just like the bee is gathering into his 
hive the sweets that are hidden in the blossoms and flow- 
ers, scattered all over the mountains, the vales, the mead- 
ows and the prairie. There have been various bees at 
work ill the hive of the Juvenile Instructor, and each 
one seemed to have had, thus far, his own particularliking 
for an especial kind of sweets ; one brought us tlie beauti- 
ful stories from Scripture ; another gathered up sweet, 
from the life of our beloved Prophet Joseph Smith , ano 
ther called himself Uncle George and grew quite a favorite 
with the children ; others brought fine things from nature 
animals, trees, lands and people, a.jd so forth Now I 
have also raised up a little bee and trained him to gather 
from among foreign nations and countries as many tine, 
praiseworthy and lovely things, worthy of imitation, as 
he can find aiipJ bring them home into our little hive, that 
our young readers may get the benefit thereof, and not 
only taste of the honey of truth to enjoy its sweetness, 
but to get strengthened thei eby and grow in virtue and in 
everything pleasant iu the sight of God, angels and men. 
As Bro. Cannon has told me, that he wished me to 
write again for the Juvenile Instructor, I will set my 
little bee to work, to gather up; and he has now to fly 
about, and roam over land and sea in far ott' countries, 
among the Alps of Switzerland anu in the deep mines of 
Peru, yea, he will even go back sometimes into remote 
ages to nations Jong since passed away, to fetch up good 
things for our bee-hive. There he comes back now from 
his.first trip, looking quite proud and satisfied with him- 
self. What have you got this time, little fellow? What? 
from such an old people? Never mind, let us have it, and 
here it is; 

The Children op Sparta. 
About eight hundred years before Jesus Christ there 
lived in the city of Sparta in Greece a wise man with the 
name of Lycurgus, who was the brotlier of the King of 



the city. When the king died, this man Lycurgus took 
up the reins of goverimient in the name of his little 
nephew, his brother's infant son, and intendi.'d to become 
a benefactor to his people, who thus far had been indulg- 
ing in all kinds of vices, i ad become demoralized and in 
consequence thereof were subject to constant insults and 
injuries fnmi their enemies. Lycurgus introduced among 
the people of Sj.arta new laws, which were calculated to 
instill into tlieni the most rigid principles of temperance, 
economy and simplicity, and they all had to learn to be 
brave and face danger in every form fearlessly ; tliey were 
taught to speak little but to the point, and when they 
went into battle never to turn tneir back upon the enemy. 
When, therefore, the dead and wounded after the fight 
were gathered up, all those who had received thfir 
wounds in front and had not lost their shield were buried 
with great honors, their families even rejoicing that their 
friend had found so glorious a death, thereby conferring 
honor upon the whole family ; but when the contrary was 
found to be the case with anyone lying dead upon the 
battlefield, and it was apparent that he had fled, trying 
to save his life, his memory was disgraced and his friends 
mourned over tlie great misfortune that had befallen 
them. Many more similar and even yet more strict laws, 
were given by Lycurgus to the Spartans ; but all were in- 
tended to strengthen th-' people against their enemies, 
unite them together like one family and keep away from 
their midst the eneivating influences of luxury and 
fashion. The most important feature of the legislation of 
Lycurgus, however, was the laws regulating the educa- 
tion of children, in which respect this great lawgiver dis- 
tinguished himself very favorably from all other Jaw- 
givers of the olden times, of whom none had manifested 
so much interest for the rising generation. The children 
were educated together, commencing with their fifth year, 
boys in one institution, girls in another; here the boys 
had to learn the arts of husbandry, mechanism, of war 
and peace, study the laws of their country and learn to be 
men ; girls were taught all the duties of the household, 
and had also to learn the laws and customs of their coun- 
try. Their food had to be very simple, and they could 
wear no clothes which they had not made with their awn 
hands. The boys had to take swimming exercises every 
day, summer and winter in the naturally cold river Eura- 
tas, near Sparta. The most touching part of tlxe training 
of the children of Sparta, however, was the great regard, 
which they were taught to show to old persons. A hoy or 
even a young man was never permitted to sit down with- 
out permission in the presence of an old man or old lady, 
even if it had been the king's son before one of the poor- 
est among the people. It is said that ano© at the great 
games at Olympia, which took plaoe every fourth year, 
w'^eu all the Grecian nations assembled together in one 
great brotherh od, among the tens of thousands already 
seated iu the great amphitheatre an o d man appeared 
looking for a seat, when five hundred Spartan youths 
arose simultaneously oflfering him their seats. And they 
were heathen! You, little readers, born and raised uniier 
the guidance of the Priesthood of the Almighty, should 
not such a trait of character among those ancients shine 
with a brilliant light to us in these latter days as an ex- 
ample the imitation, wortliy to be said of our children too, 
here in the valleys of the mountains of Deseret, that the 
children of Deseret may not be surpassed even in this 
thing by the children of Sparta? 

This was the first load our little bee has brought home, 
and I think you will relish it, think about it, talk it over 
aud imitate it as much as you can. We will now see what 
our little bee will bring home the next time. 

Carl G. Measer. 



it^ 



>?■ 





CTTJ^EItTILE IltTSTI^TJOTOK/. 







CEORCE Q. CANNON • - EDITOR. 

saturday, june 25, 1870. 
:e:idxt(d:rxj^il, thzotjo-hits. 




tbe wave to the billow's 



HERE is a bird named the Stormy Petrel, 
whose home is on the broad ocean. Strong 
of wing, of rapid flight and fearless heart, 
ho never forsakes the roar of the billows 
and the rage of the storm, to dwell with 
the land birds on shore ; save when his 
mate brings forth her brood on some lonely 
island or .sea girt rock. He does not, how- 
ever, with the gulls, wing his way liigh 
)ve the flashing and feathery foam of the 
ve, but— 

Jp and down, Up and down 
rciiii the base ut' 

CIWI'." 

he sweeps along the surfiice of the storm-tossed 
scarcely fly ng, yet not swimming, but skimming 
^^^j along the waters, like a being walking on the sea. The 
sailor considers him a bird of ill omen ; he is the har- 
binger of bad weather, and many a curse is heaped 
on the head of the warning bird, by the foolish mariner who j 
meets him far out at sea, as though he were the author of the 
approaching storm, not a voice of warning, crying "beware 
and prepare for the warring of the elements, whose raging is 
nigh at hand." Indoo 1, instead of curses, blessings should be 
poured upon this bird, whose instinct enables the sailor to 
make ready for the gale, reef his sails, return to port, or do 
what else the safety of his bark requires. 

The Stormy Petrel is not, however, the only one who warns ■ 
men of danger, and then is accused of being the cause of the 
calamity. In almost every age when the prophets of God have 
told men of judgments and warned them to flee, the wicked, 
the fooli.sh and the corrupt, instead of repenting of tlieir evil 
deeds, have vented their anger on the messengers of peace, 
who have proclaimed in their midst the message of succour and 
salvation ; for almost every message borne to the wicked, by 
the inspired .servants of God, has been one of forgiveness to 
those who repented, of destruction to those who persisted in 
their sins. Yet the men of God who bore the message were 
not the cause of the evil ; the cause was the wickedness of the 
people themselves. Noah did not cause the flood. Lot did 
not destroy the cities of the plain. Yet Noah warned the ])eo- 
ple of the coming Deluge, and he was derided. Lot warned 
the Sodomites of their impending doom ; then they scoflPed at 
his words and reviled his i)rophecy. Had they repented they 
would have been saved. Hut th-y did not and were con- 
demned; judgment quickly following the c<indemnation. 

So it is in these days. Tiie j)riesthood of (Jod go forth, 
calling on men t^) repent of their .sins, bearing the glad message 
which is hope to the humble, but despair to the proud. Rut 
as they are not the cause of the sins of mankind, nor respon- 
sible when they have rebuked them and preached the gospel 
to the sinners, no more are they responsible for the result.s of! 
0ff those sins. The results arc with God. Still the wicked a.ssume I 
Ifc to think otherwise. When a profdiet proclaims an ai)|iroach- 
^JLf ing calamity thoy .strive to destroy him; when he refers to war, ! 
O^S famine, pestilence, disease and death, they seek his life, that , 



they may not hear his words of just condemnation ; if he 

denounces the sins they love so well, he is accused of slander- 
ing them -all people who reiient not are righteous in their own 
eyes, - if he foretell the downfall of the nation, he is called a 
traitor to his country and accused of seeking to bring about 
the very evils that obedience to his words would avert, 
"For ihus doth tue prophet of good aud ill, 
Meei hate Iroui th-i crea ures he serveth still." 

Thus mankind in general are like the foolish mariner and the 
Stormy Petrel, instead of heeding the warning and preparing 
for the evil, they curse the being whose admonition, if 
heeded, would be their salvation, and too often sufier the 
judgments they might so readily avoid. 



VI AIIMUD was a Turkish prince who reigned in the eastern 
'■" provinces of Persia one thousand years after the birth of 
Christ. He was a mighty ruler, and liis name is said to be 
still venerable in those countries. An instance is related of 
his justice and greatness of character that is worthy of mention. 
One day as he sat in the council chamber, an unhappy subject 
bowed before the throne to accuse the insolence of a Turkish 
soldier, who had driven him from his house and bed. "Sus- 
pend j'our clamors, " said Mahraud, "inform me of his next 
visit, and ourself in person will judge and punish the ofien- 
dor." 

The next time the soldier came to the man's house it was 
night ; but Mahmud upon being informed he was there, caused 
the man to guide him to the place. He surrounded the house 
with his guards, and extinguishing the torches so that he 
could not see the criminal, he pronounced his death, he hav- 
ing been caught in the act of rapine and adultery. After the 
execution of his sentence, the lights were rekindled, Mahmud 
saw the dead body of the criminal and he fell prostrate in 
prayer. His prayer ended, he arose from the ground and 
demanded some food. There was none but very plain fare in 
the hou.se, yet this he devoured as a man would who was 
starving. The poor man whose injury he had avenged, could 
not su]ipress his astonishment and curiosity at this conduct of 
the king's; and the courteous monarch condescended to ex- 
plain the motives of this singular behavior. "I had reason," 
said he, "to suspect that none except one of my sons could 
dare to commit such an outrage ; and I put out the lights, that 
my justice might be blind and unyielding. When I saw that 
it was not one of my sons, my prayer was a thanksgiving which 
I offered prostrate on the ground. And my hunger was caused 
by anxiety, for since the first moment of your complaint, three 
days ago, I have not eaten any food. ' ' 

In one of his wars Mahmud penetrated into Hindostan. 
Against the religion of that country he was very zealous. He, 
himself, was a IMahonimedan. Many hundred temples, or 
jiagodas, were levelled with the ground ; many thousand idols 
were demolished. But there was one place where they had an 
idol which its ministers and worshijjpers thought very power- 
ful. Its pagoda had the revenue of two thousand villages to 
sustain it. Two thousand Brahmins were consecrated to the 
service of the idol. Besides these, there were three hundred 
musicians, three hundred barbers, and five hundred dancing 
girls, conspicuous for their birth and beauty, who assisted in 
its service. The pagoda was that (if Sumnat, on the promon- 
tory of Guzarat. The city and adjacent country were peopled 
by a nation of enthusiasts. They confessed their .sins and the 
punishment of the jilaces which Mahmud had already visited ; 
the [leople of those jilaces were not .so holy, their idols were 
not so mighty and terrible, as theirs was. He could, therefore, 
prevail against tho.se iilaces ; but if lie should presume to 
approach ihtir holy place, he would fall overwhelmed before 



' !^ 



?? 




JU ■VEI^II-.E II^STI^/TJOTOI?/. 



lOl 



^^* 



their god, Mahuiud heard of this, and he thought lie would 
test the strength of this Indian diety. He was victorious in 
his fight with its worshippers ; he entered its sanctuary and 
aimed a blow of his iron mace at its head. The trembling 
Brahmins are said to have offered him fifty millions of dollars 
to spare the idol. His wisest counselors said he had better 
take the money and spare the stone image, its destruction 
would not change the hearts of its believers, and then, said 
they, how much can be done for the benefit of our religion and 
those who believe in it by such a large sum of money! 

To their advice Mahmud replied: "Your reasons are plausi- 
ble and strong ; but never in the eyes of posterity shall Jlah- 
mud appear as the merchant of idols." He repeated his 
blows, and to the astonishment of his men, he found a treasure 
of pearls and rubies concealed in the belly of the statue. This 
explained the anxiety of the Brahmins and their willingness to 
pay so large an amount to have their idol spared! The frag- 
ments of the idol were distributed to the chief Mahommedan 
cities, and Mahmud gained great credit for his zeal against 
idolatry. 



J^ISSIOiT^^IE^'Z" SKZETOHES. 



rPHE district where I had gone to live was vi.sited about 
■I- once in three months by the Presbyterian missionary 
who had it in charge. The Sunday alter my arrival there, 
was his day to made his quarterly visit, and I went down 
to the village where he was to hold his meeting. His name 
was Greeu, and he and I had met a few weeks previously, 
and had a conversation in which he grew very angry and 
had said he would curse me. There was a large attend- 
ance of natives at this meeting, and he took for his text 
the 8th verse of the Ist chapter of Paul's epistle to the 
Galations : 

"But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other 
gospel unto you than that which we have pr-^ached unto you, 
let him be accursed." 

His whole sermon, as well as his prayer previously, was 
directed against us, warning the natives about us; but 
the sermon was the most childish and poor attempt to 
show what the gospel of Christ was that I ever listened 
to. After he had finished I got up and tohl the people it 
was best to examine the gospel well, and see what its 
nature and requirements were, and also for each to learn 
whether it was in his possession or not. I then com- 
menced to show them what the gospel was. Up to this 
point Mr. Green had sat amazed, as it appeared, at my 
audacity. Such a thing as a person arising in a meeting 
and questioning what he had said, or attempting to teach 
anything different, was new in his experience, and lie 
seemed so astonished that he could not speak. But when 
he saw that I had the attention of the people, and they 
were listening to what I said, he aroused himself, opened 
a catechism which was called "Ai o ka la" or "Food of 
the day" and commenced asking the people questions. 
He was determined to interrupt me and to divert the 
minds of the people from what I said. Some of his dea- 
cons helped him : they answered his questions in a loud 
voice, and confusion began to prevail. I saw that no fur- 
ther good could be done then, so I told the congregation 
that I intended to hold meetings, and would have oppor- 
tunities of more fully explaining to them the principles 
of the gospel, and I stopped. He warned the people not 
to entertain me, nor to salute me ; if they did, they would 
be partakers in my evil deeds. To this I made a suitable 
reply and withdrew. 

From this time I commenced to labor in a more public 
manner among the people, speaking in their meeting 



•iiu 



houses as I could get opportunity, and doing all in my 
power to give them a knowledge of our principles. My 
speaking before Mr. Green had a good efTeet; the people 
saw that I preached the doctrines of the Bible, and that I 
was not afraid to meet the preachers ; the moral effect of 
this boldness upon a simple people like them, I found to 
be excellent. And here let me say that courage in advo- 
cating and defending the truth, when tempered with 
wisdom, is a quality men always admire. The fear of 
man, and the fear of telling that portion of the truth 
which he is sent to declare, are feelings that no elder 
should ever indulge in. The man who suffers this fear to 
prevail with him is never successful. The fear of God 
and the fear of doing wrong is the only fear that a Latter- 
day Saint should ever feel. 

My training during the first two years of our settlement 
of Salt Lake valley, 'vhen we were pinched for food, was 
of excellent service to me during the days of which I 
write. I should have thou:?ht the ms igre diet we had in 
the valley rich living if 1 liad had it then. The people 
were very poor, and I did not wish to be a burden to them 
in the least. I avoided eating anything, therefore, that I 
thought they relished on that they had only occasionally. 
I have told you that potatoes grew spontaneously there; 
but the country was too warm for them ; this, together 
with the lack of cultivation, made them very poor. The 
potatoe when good was not a vegetable I liked very much. 
But here I could get nothing else, excepting whortle- 
berries, which grew wild and which I frequently picked 
and eat, until one day they made me sick, after which I 
could not eat them any more. I might have eaten the 
potatoes better if I could have had salt to eat with them ; 
but this article they were out of just then. The only 
thing eatable beside the potatoes was molasses. I have 
never liked to eat potatoes and molasses together since 
then. I well recollect how I enjoyed a meal of poi on one 
occasion during this time. The kalo out of which it was 
made had been cooked and pounded at some distance 
from there — kalo did not grow at that time at (he part of 
the Kula where I was— and packed in the leaves of a 
shrub called ki ; when thus packed it was called pai kalo. 
It had been warm when packed, which with the heat of 
the weather, had made it sour and maggotty. But the 
people had cooked it over again and made it into poi. 
My potatoe and molasses diet had removed all my fasti- 
diousness about what I ate, and I thought this poi the 
sweetest food I had ever tasted. Some ptople eat maggntty 
cheese because they like it ; I ate this poi because it was 
the best and most palatable food I had tasted for weeks. 

But what I lacked in foo<l the Lord made up to me in 
the goodly degree of Hi« spirit which He bestowed upon 
me. What I had to eat was a matter of indifference to 
me. I was happy, and I rejoiced as I never had before. 
Dreams, visions and revelations were given to me, and 
the communion of the Spirit was most sweet and delicious. 
I learned a lesson then, which I trust will never be for- 
gotten, that there is a happiness which the servants and 
Saints of God can have that is not of earth, and that is 
not in the least dependent for its existence upon the pos- 
session of food, raiment or anj' earthly thing. 

A new native house having been completed by Mr. 
Napela's men, it was ofl'ered to me as a meeting house. 
On Sunday the neighbors collected together, and we had 
two meetings, one in the loienoon and one in the after- 
noon, at which I spoke upon the first principles of the 
gospel and their restoration to man upon the earth with 
the authority to teach them. My testimony and words 
were favorably received by the people, and they were de- 
sirous that I should continue to hold meetings. It was a 
busy time, and I was only able to hold one meeting during 





J"TJ"VE!:tTIXjE] i:]^STI^TJOTOI^. 



the week. But on the next Sunday I had a most excel- 
lent time. Five were baptized and confirmed, and the 
spirit was powerfully poured out upon all present, many 
were stirred up to repentance, their hearts were touched 
and the tears coursed down their cheeks. Brother James 
Keeler, who had been stopping in Lahaina, was with me 
that day, he having reached there the jsrevious day. Our 
joy was very great, and I thought it one of the best days 
in my life. We held meetings during the week, and on 
Sunday I baptized and confirmed six persons. It was in 
much weakness that I labored in the ministry; but I be- 
gan to taste a joy that I had never before known, and my 
heart was filled with praise and gratitude to the Lord for 
deeming me worthy to receive the priesthood and to go 
forth on a mission. 






From "Triumphs of Invention and |Discoveby."- 
Ptibhshed by T. Nelson & ^ons, London. 



TN taking leave of them, Lady Franklin's last words 
^ were: "I am sure you -nill do all that man can do for 
the attainment of all these objects ; my only fear is that 
you may spend yourselves too much in the eflbrt; and 
you must, therefore, let me tell you how much dearer to 
me, even than any of them, is the preservation of the 
valuable lives of the little band of heroes who are your 
companions and followers. May God in his great mercy 
preserve you from harm amidst the labors and perils 
which await you, and restore you to us in health and 
safety as well as honor. As to the honor I can have no 
misgiving. It will be yours as much if you fail (since 
you may fail in spite of every eflbrt), as if you succeed ; 
and be assured that, under any and all circumstances 
whatever, such is my unbounded confidence in you, you 
will possess, and be entitled to the enduring gratitude of 
your sincere and attached friend, Jane Franklin." 

The Fox left Aberdeen on 1st July, 18-37, and by the 
middle of the next month was suddenly brought to a dead 
halt in Melville Bay. Not a drop of water was to be seen 
in the direction they wished to go— the door of the Arctic 
world was rudely sluit in their face, and the impenetrable 
bar of ice, which extended far and wide in front of tliem, 
told them plainly enough that there was no admittance 
on any business. M'Clintock could not bear the idea of 
meekly retreating, ana spending an idle winter in Green- 
land ; and an enticing lane of water opening up in the 
ice, after a day or two, the Fox dashed into it, hoping to 
pusii througli the ice. Before morning the treacherous 
floes had closed behind her, cutting off both advance and 
retreat. A few days more and slie was rivetted, l)eyond 
all hope of rescue, in the midst of the frozen sea. In vain 
they struggled to get away, lilasting the edges of the fioe 
with gunpowder, now 2iushing forwards, now trying 
back. There was no helji for them ; the ice held on with 
a firm, relentless grij), and they were doomed to winter 
in the moving pack.* 

In this way, after eight months of imprisonment, they 
were carried back by the floating ice nearly 1200 geogra- 
phical miles— drifting now quickly, now slowly, accord- 
ing to the strength of the wind, which seemed to be 
almost the sole agent in hastening the vast continent of 




*To the nnlmitlntod, says Cnptnin MTIintock. it may be as well to ob- 
serve, that each winter the sea, railed Ilnffln's liav, fnezea over; in Bprinjr 
tliiH voBt body of ice brcnks up, aiicl .Iriflliii; southward in a ma»»— called 
the main pack or the middle leu— obstructs the paesnge auross from cast to 



ice towards the latitudes of its dissolution. Towards the 
end of March the ice began to relax its grasp, and by the 
12th of April had lost its hold upon the Fox- which vi(a» 
now drifted ingloriously out of the Arctic regions — not 
without a narrow escape from destruction amidst the dy- 
ing convulsions of She mighty pack. Huge bergs and 
hummocks of ice went crashing and churning round them 
— a single thump from any of which would have been 
instant annihilation. "After last nighty" wz-ote M'Clin- 
tock, w'ho had l»eeii at the enigines iov twenty-four hoursy 
the engineer having died, "I can understand how a man's 
hair turns grey in a day." The Fox managed to keep 
out of harm's way, however, and the next morning was 
dancing gaily on the open sea. Instead of the sullen, 
death-like torpor to which they had been so long ac- 
customed, everything around them bespoke life and 
motion. "It seemed," said one of them, "as if we had 
risen from the dead." 

After a brief repose on the coast of Greenland the Foz: 
was back among the ice again. At Lancaster Sound they 
fell into the clutches of the "villainous pack," but, after a 
day or two, shook themselves free, and made for Pond's 
Bay. There they communicivted with the natives, and 
satisfied themselves that the missing ships were nowhere 
in that neighborhood. At Beechy Island they set up a 
handsome toratstone, sent out by Lady FrankUn,. in 
memory of Sir John and his companions; and the end 
of August foind them at the eastern entrance of Bellot 
Straits, in a somewhat dangerous situation. "With the 
cunning and activity worthy of her name," writes M'Clin- 
tock, "our little craft warily avoided a tilting-match with 
the stout, blue masses, which whirled about as if with 
wilful impetuosity, through the narrow channel. Some 
of them were so large as to ground even in six or seven 
fathoms of water. INIany were drawn into the eddies, and 
acquiring considerable velocity in a contrary direction, 
suddenly broke bounds, charging out into the stream, and 
enterirg into mighty conflict with their fellows. After 
such a frolic the masses would revolve peaceably, or unite 
with the pack, and quietly await the day of their wished- 
for dissolution — may it be near at hand. Nothing but 
strong hope of success induced me to encounter such 
dangerous opposition. I not only hoped, but almost felt 
that we deserved to succeed." 

Four times they dashed up the straits, only to be driven 
back by the ice; the fifth time they cleared their way 
from end to end. Not far beyond the west entrance i» 
the straits a bar of ice prevented further progress, and as 
the winter was rapidly coming on, they prudently went 
back to a little harbor in the straits, and wintered there, 
much the same way as in the previous year. "Very dull 
times," says the journal ; "no amount of ingenuity could 
make a diary worth the paper it is written on." 

With the spring the sledges were got out, and the wild 
dogs])utin harness. Captain M'Clintock and two cotn- 
jianions, with a couple of sledges and fifteen dogs, paid a 
visit to the Boothians in the vicinity of the magnetic 
pole. The cold was so intense that the dogs grew lame, 
and were seized with frequent fits. The party went on 
foot, threw away part of their provisions, and found it 
impossible to do more than fifteen or eighteen miles a 
day. ''We tiavelled," says M'Clintock, "each day until 
dusk, and then were occupied for a couple of hours in 
building our snow hut. Our equipment consisted of a 
very small brown-holland tent, Macintosh floor-cloth, 
and felt robes; besides this, each man had a bag of double 
blanketing and a pair of fur boots to sleep in. In these 
little liuls we usually slept warm eiiotigh, although 
latterly, when our blankets and clothes became loaded 
with ice, we felt the cold severely." Another of the 



5t^ 







5^^^- 



m^ 



G"TJ"VEITILE IIsrSTi^TJCTOI^, 



103 



officers gives a graphic description of this sort of travelling: 
"Those only who know what it is to be exposed to a 
temfwrature of frozen mercury accompanied with wind, 
can form any idea of the discomforts of dragging a sledge 
over the ice upon an unknown track, day after rtay, and 
for eight or ten consecutive hours, without a meal or 
drink, the hands and face constantly frost-bitten, and 
your very boots full of ice ; to be attacked with snow 
blindness; to encamp and start in the dark, and spend 
sixteen hours upon the snow in a browu-holland tent or 
the hastily-erected snow house, listening to the wind, the 
snow-drift, and the howling of the dogs outside, and try- 
ing to wrap the frozen blanket closer round the shivering 
frame." 

(7b &e continiied.) 



J^ "W"01TIDE"R:FXJtj GILiOOIC- 



TT had just struck three quarters past eleven o'clock when 
J- we walked up the the flight of broad steps leading 
into the side-aisle of Strasbourg Cathedral, where stands 
the celebrated clock. The aisle, or rather the small 
chapel leading from the aisle, was already crowded, and 
we could hardly find standing room: men and women, 
rich and poor, English and French, German and Swiss, 
were there. Here stood tlie fair-haired Saxon from our 
own island home, fresh, and smooth-featured, and bloom- 
ing, with her cool, pretty, English costume, forming a 
striking contrast to her neighbor — a fat, old, wrinkled, 
German jjeasant, with a face bronzed by an almost tropical 
sun, and her features hard, and sliarp, lier dark dress 
relieved by its white, short sleeves and tlie white chemis- 
eette, which, though not as clean as it might be, sot neatly 
round the bony, freckled, brown throat; her hair coiu- 
pletely hidden by the broad ribbon fitting tight to her 
head like a skull cap, and finishing ofTat the crown with 
an immense bow half a yard long, standing straight across 
the top. 

Tlie sound of various languages was to be heard, from 
the uative dialect down to broken English, spoken by the 
foreign guides, but all comcerning the wonderful clock 
which stood before us. This clock is sixty-five feet liigh, 
and surrounded by a railing, within which stands a globe 
sliowing the position of the sun towards the earth; beliind 
this small globe rises the clock; it consists of a basement 
or first story, divided into three compartments; a centre- 
piece of three stories, surmounted by a gilded network 
roof; and two side-pieces, one serving as a series of land- 
ings for winding up the various machinery; the otlier as 
a pedestal for the wonderful clock, of which almost every 
one has lieard. 

Time, however, was going on ; it wanted now only seven 
minutes to the magic hour of twelve, and we could not 
take in fast enough all that was told us, and were won- 
dering how we were to have eyes in four different places 
at once. The three compartments on the base have to 
do with eclipses, calenders, and other astronomical 
movements; over the centre is a chariot representating 
summer, which will move on to give place to autumn, and 
that, in turn, to winter and spring at the appointed time; 
there stands a dial, whose hands are even now close on 
twelve, with a tiny angel on either side; above that the 
signs of the zodiac; higher, the moon half bright, half 
dark; higher still, a figure of Time, scythe in hand; and, 
above all, Christ. 

But, now, it is twelve o'clock! Every eye is fixed on 
the -same thing, every voice is still. Ah ! the little angel 
on the left lifts up his stick and strikes his drum ; like a 
sweet, distinct bell the sound rings through the air, and 
is immediately echoed by an old man, who walks slowly 
past— Time, knocking a bell in his passage , four times 



the angel strikes, for it is the fourth quarter ; then his 
right compatiion takes up the measure, and deftly reverses 
the hour-glass he holds in his hand ; instantly the clock 
strikes one, two, three, four. Look! look! the cock, who 
stands so high on his pedestal, moves ! see, he flaps his 
wings three times! he crows! and a murmur thrills 
through the assembly : the clock goes on, five, six, seven, 
eiglu ; again the magic cocit performs his part : nine, ten, 
eleven, twelve ; for the last time the gold and crimson 
wings move, and 'cock-a-doodle-doo' rings down the ma- 
jestic aisles of the grand old building. All is not over yet; 
slowly a figure walks from the upper story of all, and as 
he passes Christ, he turns to Him and bows, then Christ 
spreads His hands and blesses him ; aiiother comes, the 
same manoeuvre is gone through ; another, and another. 
Yes, there are twelve apostles. There they go!— that is 
the last. But look! Christ spreads His hands to us— in 
front, to the right, to the left ; and with this the ceremony 
is ended. The little figures will be still for twenty-four 
hours; but the angels and Time perform every quarter of 
an hour during the day ; and so, before long, a child will 
pass the ominous-looking scythe, then a youth, then a 
middle-aged man, and in onehour the same old man we 
have seen not many minutes since. 

Now that all is finished the spectators are on the move. 
With some pushing; some warnings from the guides to 
take care of our pockets, as even in Strasbourg, there are 
thieves; much talking and little air, we at last get fairly 
through the crowd into the broad, glaring street, with a 
burning sun pouring his rays down upon us, and so make 
our way towards the railway station, thinking of the 
wonderful clock, and of how many little folks we may 
interest when we get back again to England with the story 
of what we have seen and heard. — Selected. 



The Moor and the Sp.a.niard.— Many hundred j'ears 
ago, when Spain was partly occupied by the Moors, or 
people of Morocco, a Spanish gentlemen killed a young 
Moor in a sudden quarrel. He immediately fled, and see- 
ing a garden, he threw himself over the wall without 
being perceived by his pursuers. Seeing the owner, a 
Moor, in the garden, he asked to be concealed. 

Now it was a custom of the Moors to protect any one 
who had ever eaten with them. The owner of the garden, 
to assure the Spaniard of his safety, gave him a peach to 
eat and then locked him up in a summer-house, telling 
him that, as soon as it was dark, he would provide for his 
escape to a place of greater safety. The good Moor then 
went into his house and had just seated himself when a 
great crowd came, with loud lamentations to his gate, 
bearing the dead body of his son who had been killed by 
a Spaniard. 

The kindly Moor soon discovered that the man who 
had taken his son's life was he whom he had just pro- 
mised to protect. Nevertheless he would not break his 
word. Saying nothing, in the meantime, to any one, he 
went in the evening to t!ie summer-house, released the 
Spaniard, and mounted him on one of his swiftest horses. 
'Christian,' said he, 'the man you have killed is my son. 
You ought to sufter, but you have eaten with me and I 
must keep my word. Fly far while the night covers you 
and before morning you will be safe, though you are 
guilty of my son's blood. I thank God I am innocent of 
yours, and that my plighted faith is preserved.' 



The Elephant.— During the last Indian mutiny a 
number of elephants were required to be sent from Ran- 
goon. The only vessel in which they could be con- 
veniently conveyed contained several barrels of biscuits. 
No sooner were the elephants stowed away in the hold, 
than those nearest the barrels began to break them open, 
but those who were near the biscuits did not partake of 
any until they had passed a supply to those behind. 
There are many chatterboxes who might well learn a 
lesson in manners and unselfishness from those elephants. 



1 



1*^^ 



■->4i 



^ 104s 



0" TJir E] 3sr I Xj E ii^sTi?.TJOToie/ 



'^^4i^ 



The Indian Chief's Burial.— More tbap fotty years 
since, Black Bird, a famous chief of tlie Omahaws, visited 
tlie city of Washington, and ou his return was seized 
with small-xios, of which he died on the way. When tiie 
chief found liimself dying, he called the warriors around 
him, and like Jacob of old, he gave commands concern- 
ing his burial, which were literally fulfilled. The dead 
warrior was dressed in his most sumptuous robes, fully 
equipped with his scalps and war-eagle's plumes, and 
borne about sixty miles below the Omahaw village, to a 
lofty blutt'on the Missouri, which towers far above all the 
neighboring heights, and commands a magniflueut laud- 
scape. 

To the summit of this bluflf a white steed, the favorite 
war-horse of Black Bird, was led ; and there, in presence 
of the whole nation, the dead chief was placed with great 
ceremony on its back, looking towards the river, where, 
as he had said, he could see the canoes of the white men, 
as they traversed the broad waters of the Missouri. His 
bow was placed in his hand ; his shield and quiver, with 
his pipe and medicine-bag, hung by his side. His store 
of pemmican (dried meat), and his tobacco-pouch, were 
supplied to sustain him on his long journey to the hunt- 
ing grounds of the great Manitou, where the spirits of 
his fathers awaited his coming. The medicine-men of 
the tribe performed their most mystic charms, to secure a 
happy pa.ssage to the happy hunting-fields ; and then 
each warrior of the chief's own band covered the palm of 
his right hand with vermilion, and stamped its impress 
on the white sides of the devoted war steed. 

When this had been done by all, the Indians gathered 
turfs and soil, and placed them around the feet and legs 
of the horse. Gradually the pile rose under the com- 
bined labor of many willing hands, until the living steed 
and its dead rider were buried together under the 
memorial mound ; and high over the crest of the lofty 
hillock which covered the warrior's eagle plumes a cedar 
post was reared, to mark more clearly to the voyagers on 
the Missouri the last resting-place of Black Bii'd, the 
great chief of the Omahaws. 

In the old Pagan barrows on the wolds of Yorkshire, 
and far northward towards the Moray Firth, the graves 
of ancient British and Saxon charioteers have been dug 
into, with the iion wheel-tires and bronze horse-furniture, 
the wreck of the decayed war-chariot, and the skeletons 
of the horses, buried there with the dead chief, that he, 
too, might enter the Valhalla of his gods, proudly borne 
in the chariot in which he had been wont to charge the 
ranks of his foes. For man in all ages, and in both 
hemispheres is the same ; and, amid the darkest shadows 
of Pagan night, he still reveals the strivings of his nature 
after that immortality, wherein also he dimly recognises 
a state of retribution. — Selected. 



How HE Made The Money.— A gentleman |once [re- 
ported to the government tax-collector that his income 
for the previous year had amounted to two thousand 
dollars. A meddling neighbor was surprised at the large- 
ness of the sum, and when he met his prosperous friend 
he said to him, — 

'You have returned an income of two thousand dollars 
for the past year?' 

'Yes, sir,' answered the other. 

'Well, how did you make so much? I don't see how 
you could do it.' 

'Well, sir, I made one thousand dollars, clean (cash, by 
attending tomy own busings; and I made the other thou- 
sand dollars by letting other joWi bwineti alone." 



BtUtitb $odp^» 



:F:R.IC3-H:TE3SrEiID BIK.IDS. 



"Hush! husb! said little brown tbrnsfa, 

To hei mate on the nest in the elder bush, 

"Keep still! don't open your bill ! 

There's a boy coming bird-nesting over the hill. 

Let go your wings out so, 

That not an egg nor the nest shall show. 

Chee! chee! It seems to me 

I'm as frightened as ever a bird can be!" 

Then, still with a quivering bill, 

They watched the boy out of sight o'er the hill. 

Ah! then, in the branches again. 

Their glad song rang over vale and glen. 

Oh! oh! if that boy could know 

How glad they were when they saw him go, 

Say, say, do you think next day 

He could possibly steal those eggs away? 



G-^THIEI?. "WTTS: 0-A.E.E. 



"Be oircumBpect," my mother said, 

In accents soft and low ; 
I bear her plainly now as when 

She spoke long years ago. 
Full well she knew the world's deep arts. 

Its evil and deceit ; 
And Irom its hidden snares she fain 

Would save my eager feet. 

And so In parable she spoke — 

"All are not good as fair, 
Gay flowers spring up on every side, 

But pluck, my love, with care ; 
The rose conceals a cruel thorn, 

The nightshade, poisonous breath. 
The popp3' flaunts its gaudy head 

Above the seeds of death. 

"Heed not the tallest or the gay ; 

But in its lowly bed, 
Seek where the perfumed violet 

Bends down its modest head. 
The lily, and the heartsease, too, 

Are innocent as fair ; 
Ah! flowers abound on every side, , 

But gather, love, with care." 



According to a French statistician, taking the mean 
of many accounts, a man fifty years of age has slept six 
thousand days, worked six thousand five hundred days, 
walked eight hundred days, amused himself four thou- 
sand days. Wits eating one thousand five hundred days, 
was sick five hundred days, etc. He ate seventeen thou- 
sand pounds of bread, sixteen thousand pounds of meat, 
four thousand six hundred pounds of vegetables, eggs, and 
fish, and drank seven thousand gallons of liquid. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum $3 00. 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50. 

*B- Grain bronsrht to this City for the .Tuvenilf. Instructor will be 
received at the office of our paper— Dkseket Nkw8 liUILDIMGS. 



?3^- 




