
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH ], 18G8 



NO. 5. 



IsT O -i^ IT -A^I^ID HIS IDJ^irS 



9^1 



THE Bible tells us but very little about the world and its 
people from the time that Adam was cast out of the 

garden of P]den to the days of the flood. Yet from the little 

that is said it is verj' certain that the children of Adam soon 

grew very wicked and corrupt. Though he lived in their midst 

for more than nine hundred years; though he held the priest- 
hood of God and preached to them the gospel of Jesus, not 

all would listen to his words. After his death those 

who were good were led by his son Seth, by Enoch and others. 

They gathered to a city called Zion, and in course of time 

when they were pure and good enough the Lord took Enoch 

and his city Zion to himself. Then was there left of the 

righteous on the 

earth, only one 

small family. The 

members of this 

family were the 

son of Enoch and 

his children, and 

even they were not 

all good. 
All the rest ( T 

the world lay iu 

sin. They had all 

corrujjted their 

ways before God. 

The earth was full 

of violence and 

bloodshed. Men 

used their power 

and wisdom to d(j 

evil. Satan reign- 
ed supreme in all 

their hearts. To 

eat, to drink, to 

sleep, to enjoy 

themselves was their whole aim, as for GoJ and his servants 

they derided and niDckcd llicni. 

1'hc Jjord Would nut sufl'er this always. He would not per- 
mit his fair crcaticm — the earth, to bo forever deliled by the 
t-hiH of its cliildion. He deterMiincd to destroy the wicked, 

and once more coniraonce the i)e(i])ling of the earth with the | then too late; the day of mercy for them had pa.s.sed. They 
seed of a righteous man. Still, lest tiioy might repent and do j had had time to reiic'nl; but they would not. The ark flouted 
better, he sent one of Win servant.s into their midst to wain j .sati'ly by tlu-ni; they rciuenibcred how tliey had mocked at its 
them for the hnt time of tlie results of their folly. 'J'his scr- , inmates. Oh, that they had done like them, and been .-^al'c; 
vaiit was Noah, the great-giandson of I'lrioidi. iSlo;ih pii;i(hcd but now there was no help for them. 

to them for a long while, but none would listen. So (lod tuM | After forty days the rain ceased, and the waters began to 
liini to go to work and build an ark, as a place of reluge I'or 1 assuage. Soon the tojis of tlie mountains appeared, and by 




himself and family while He destroyed the rest of mankind 
with a flood. 

The Lord gave many instructions to Noah, how to build this 
ark, what wood to make it of, iind what size and shape it 
should be. Then, when it was finished the prophet was told 
what animals and birds he should take into the ark with him. 
In all these things Noah obeyed the word of the Lord. When 
all was ready he took his wife, his three sons and their wives 
and went into the ark. Then the flood commenced. The 
rain poured down in torrents, day after day for forty days. It 
ceased not until the tops of the highest hills were covered and 
all men and beasts, birds and creeping things had found a 

watery grave. 
Except Noah, and 
those with him in 
the ark, none were 
saved. God had 
cleansed the earth 
by a baptism of 
water, that it 
might b e freed 
from the sins of 
i t s unholy chil- 
dren. 

Can our little 
friends imagine 
the feelings of 
those wicked peo- 
ple as the rains 
poured down, the 
rivers swelled to 
torrents, and the 
ocean overflowed 
the land; as they 
saw the waters 
creep, inch by 
incli, up the sides of their hills, as it entombed their jialaces, 
as it swept away their homes? They no doubt remendjered 
Cioil then. They no doubt called upon him with frantic prayers 
for safety. But their prayers were not of repentance. They were 
not sorry for their sins. They were afraid to die. But it was 




agacw\!C3\.ar-.i. 



n-.-^^ ---^ -»a^j r^\;f 



rT;i-,-,arwg"ErT^frW.Ti'r-g'»Tifr^--i.?.f^;.i:;-^j-cja^^.'aj«>,^f- KTrmTfl'^ Mf^'^i'^K'Ti 



V 






and by the valleys rose in sight. At the end of one hundred 
and fifty days the waters had so decvensed that the ark ground- 
ed on dry land. It rested on a mountain called Ararat, in 
Asia Minor. Then Noah and his sons came forth from the 
ark on to the sod of the desolate earth to begin anew the work 
of filling it with people. For ihoy and theirs were all that lived 
upon its vast expanse. 

Noah and his family bowed in prayer and thanked tlie Lord 
for their great deliverance, and they built an altar and ofl'ered 
up a burnt offering to the Lord. Then for Noah's faithfulness 
the Lord loved him, and Pie made a covenant with him that He 
would never again destroy the earth with water. And as a 
token of this covenant He placed the beautiful rainbow in the 
clouds, so that when men see it, they may know that the prom- 
ises of God still continue to them, ''that seed time and harvest, 
and cold and heat, and .summer and winter, and day and night 
shall not cease." 

As well as can be calculated this deluge took place, 1656 
years after the fall of Adam, or 2293 years before tlie coming 
of Christ. Noah was at that time tiOO years old, and lived 350 
years afterwards, doing the will of the Lord and blessing his 
children. G. R. 



L I IP E 
S T E 



O IP a- E O lEi C3- E 

F n E isr s o 3sr. 



Taken from a little work — The HocKiLT—jmblished by the 
American Tract Society. 



GRAPrLINO IVITH DIFFICULTIES — THE BOG — A PUZZLE- 
THE PRIZE OFFER. 



THE real work was now to be done. Hopes and fears had 
to be verified. At the first meeting of the directors, a 
man to put the enterprise through was to be chosen. Who? 
The Kennies were anxious to get the appointment. They 
naturally expected it. They had made the survey, and their 
name had had weight in getting tlie act of rarliament. But 
they could not superintend the details of the work. They had 
otlier enterprises on foot. 

Stephenson, no doubt, was the man. The directors felt him 
to be so. No one could long be with him without feeling his 
power. Besides, what lie had done had been ably done. At 
the risk of offending the Bennies and their friends, they chose 
him, and the result proved the wisdom of their choice. 

On receiving the appointment, he immediately moved to 
Liverpool, and the work began in good earnest. It was a 
stupendous undertaking for those days. Chat Moss had to be 
filled in, sixty-three bridges built, excavations made, tunnels 
erected, and all the practical details carried out, with verj' little 
past experience to profit by. Neither was the kind of labor 
well understood, nor was there that division of labor between 
contractors and engineers, which relieves one man of too heavy 
a respon.«ibility. In fact, both tools and men liad to be niade; 
and Stephenson liad to do it. 

The great quagmire had to bo grappled with. "No man in 
his .senses would undertake to make a road over Chat Mo.ss," 
oiposers .said in iiarliament; "that was to undertake the im- 
po>sifile." Stei)hcnson, however, meant to tiy. Formidal)lc 
it certainly was. (Jattlo plotighinL' on farms borderirig the bog, 
where it run underneath the tilled i.ind, liad to wear tlat-soled 
boots in order to keep their hoofs from sinking down into the 
soft soil. 

The proposed route ran four miles across it, and the way had 
to be drained and filled in with sand and gravel. The draining 
tasked their ingenuity to tlic utmost, and almost bafilcd the 



workmen. After that was in some degree accomplished, wagon 
after wagon full of eartli was thrown on for weeks and weeks, 
and it only sank into the mire and disappeared; not an inch 
of .solid footing seemed gained; and on they went, filling and 
filling, without apparently having made the least impression 
on the moss; the greedy bog only cried out for more. 

Stephenson's men began to have their doubts. The opposi- 
tion might have judged more correctly, after all. They asked 
him what he thought. "Go ahead" was his answer, By and 
by the directors began to have their fears. It looked to them 
like a very unpromising job. So it was. After waiting and 
waiting in vain for signs of progress, they called a meeting on 
the edge of tlie Moss, to see'if it were not best to give up beat. 
The bog, they were afraid, might .swallow up all their funds, as 
it had everything else. Stephenson lost not a whit of his 
courage. "Go ahead," was his counsel. He never, for a 
moment, doubted of final success. And considering the great 
outlay already made, they wisely gave into him. 

Blonstrous stories were afloat of the terrible accidents taking 
place there, Eveiy now and then the stage drivers brought 
into Manchester the astonishing news of men, horses, carts, 
and Stephenson himself submerged and sunk for ever in the 
insatiable quagmire. Time corrected one only to publish 
another. Newsmongers were kept in a state of delighted 
excitement, and tea-table gossip was spiced to suit the most 
credulous and marvel-loving taste, untU the Moss was con- 
quered, as conquered it was acknowledged to be, when, sis 
months after the directors had met to vote to leave it to its 
original unproductiveness, they were driven over it on a smooth 
and secure rail to Manchester. Another tough job was, tunnel- 
ing Liverpool; excavating a mile and a third of a road through 
solid rock. Night and day the boring, blasting, and hewing 
were kept in vigorous execution. Sometimes the miners were 
deluged with water, sometimes they wore in danger of being 
overwhelmed by heavy falls of wet sand from overhead. Onee, 
when Stephenson was gone from town, a mass of loose earth 
came tumbling on the heads of the workmen, frightening them, 
if nothing more. On his return they were in a most refractory 
state, complaining of the dangers, and stoutly refusing to go 
back to work. Wasting no time in words, Stephenson should- 
ered a pick-axe, and called for recruits to follow. Into the 
tunnel he marched, and the whole gang after him. Noth- 
ing more was heard of fears, and the work went bravely on. 
Besides laying out all the work, Stejdienson had to make his 
tools. All their wagons, trucks, carriages, switches, crosses, 
signals, were ]ilanned and manufactured under his superintend- 
ence, besides meeting and providing for a thousand exigencies 
constantly occurring in a new enterprise like this, giving full 
scope to all the sagacity, invention, and good-humor which 
naturally belonged to him. 

The expenses of the road were heavy, and money was not 
always forthcoming. If the works lagged in consequence of it, 
the hopes of the directors fell;' so that Stephenson's energies 
were taxed to tlic utmost during tlic four years of tlie work, 
and he showed, what ob.-icrvation and history both teach us, 
that ellicieut men are men of detail, as well as men of gieat 
plans. 

Remember this, boys — for we sonn.'tinics despise little partic- 
ulars, and the day of small things — that the secret of clfectivc 
doing lies not only in making wi.se jil'ins, but in filling u]) the 
minutest jiarts with jiroiiUitness and fiilelity. 1'liere must be 
detail to achieve any great and good work. If you would pos- 
.■ics tlic fruits of learning, you must get them by the toil of daily 
drudgery. If you undertake to become rich, you must not 
dospi.se the small gains and little economies )iy which a fortune 
is made. If you would obtain a noble Christian manhood, 
you niu.st not neglect hourly self-restraint, watehl'uluess, and 



15^ 



^, 



^4 



.^€•9 







iyjp^ 



I^ 



or TJ "V^ E IST 1 1-. E IlsrSTIS.TJGTOI?. 



35 



^C-"* 



n 



Ijrayer, or the daily exercise of those humbler virtues and godly 
industries which make the woof of character. 

Stephenson strikingly illustrated the practical force of this 
principle. The minutest detail of every plan in this new enter- 
prise was thought out and carried on by himself, or under his 
direct supervision. Both in summer and winter he rose early. 
Before breakfast you might find him on a morning round, visit- 
ing the extensive workshops where their machines and tools 
were made. Or perhaps Bobby is brought to the door, and 
mounted on this his favorite horse, he is off fifteen miles to 
inspect the progress of a viaduct, a ride long enough to whet 
the appetite for a temptins breakfast, one would think; but 
nothing tempts him from his frugal habits — he eats "crowdie," 
and that made by himself, which is nothing more or less than 
oat-meal hasty- pudding and milk. Again he is off inspecting 
the labors of his men all along the line from point to point, 
pushing the works here, advising there, and inspiring every- 
where. Bobby is a living witness that one beast at least is not 
to be scared by a locomotive. He can face the snorting mon- 
ster without so much as a shy step, or a prick of the ears. He 

afraid? not Bobby. 

To be Continued, 



[Through an oversight, a chapter of the History of Jesus, 
by Sister Eliza 11. Snow, was omitted. The present chapter 
ought to have appeared in the Instructor of February 1st, 
instead of chapter XII. — Ed. J. I.] 

H I S T O E. ^r_0 IF CTESTJS. 

CHAPTER XI. 

WE can better imagine than describe the feelings of the 
apostles and friends of Jesus, when they saw bin; expire 
on the cross. If they had understood his sayings they would 
have found comfort in hope of his resurrection; bat they had 
not comprehended them, and his death was to them, the end 
of all their hopes and anticipations, and instead of triumphing 
over those who had opposed them, they were subject to all the 
scorn and ridicule that their enemies could heap upon them. 

Jesus was crucified on Friday: Saturday was the Jewish 
sabbath, and it was contraiy to the customs of the Jews to 
leave any one hanging on the cross on the sabbath day, and 
that they might be certain that they were dead before remov- 
ing them, the soldiers went up to them and broke the legs of 
the two thieves, but seeing that Jesus was already dead, they 
did not break any of his bones. One of the soldiers pierced 
his side with a spear, and blood and water flowed from the 
wound: and all this was done that the scriptures might be 
fulfilled, "^ bone of him shall not he broJcen," and "'They shall 
look on him tchom they pierced." 

Joseph of Arimathea, a good man who lovjd Jesus, went to 
Pilate, the governor, and begged the body of Jesus; and when 
he had taken it down from the cross, he wrapped it in clean 
white hnen and laid it in a new tomb of his, which had been 
hewn out of a rock, in which no body had ever been jilaced. 

This tomb or sepulchre was in a garden, and it was near 
Jlount Calvary on which Jesus was crucified, and many men 
and women who had followed after him when he was led to the 
cross, went to the tomb and saw where his body was laid. And 
they rolled a large stone to the door of the tomb. 

Some of the chief priests and pharisees went to Pilate and 
told liim that they remembered hearing that deceiver (as they 
called Jesus) when he was alive, say, that after three days he 
would rise again: and they desired him to see that the sepul- 
chre should be well secured until the third day, lest the disci- 
ples of Jesus should steal the body and circulate a report that 



he had arisen from the dead. And Pilate told them to set a 
watch and make it sure, and they went and put a seal on the 
stone which was at the door of the tomb, and placed a body of 
soldiers to guard the place. 

Early in the morning of the first day of the week (Sunday) — 
long before the sun arose, Blary Magdalene went to visit the 
sepulchre of Jesus. To her great surprise she found the stone 
rolled from the door of the tomb, and the body of Jesus was 
not there. With a sorrowful heart Mary ran and told Peter 
and John that they had taken the Lord away and she did not 
know where. And Peter and John ran to the sepulchre and 
went in and saw the linen clothes as Jesus had left them — the 
napkin that was about his head lying apart from the clothing 
of his body; and then Peter and John returned to their homes. 
But Mary stood there weeping, and looking into the sepulchre, 
she saw two angels clothed in white, one at the head, and the 
other at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain. One of 
the angels asked her why she wept. She told them that she 
wept because they had taken her Lord away and she did not 
know where he was. She then turned around and saw Jesus 
standing, and did not know that it was Jesus, but supposed 
him to be the gardener. Jesus said to her, "Why weepest 
thou? and whom seekest thou?" Blary said to him, "Sir, if 
thou hast borne him hence, tell me where thou hast laid him." 
Jesus then said "Mary," and she knew him, and then she 
also knew that he had arisen from the dead, and her joy was 
full. There was a great earthquake at the time that Jesus 
arose — the angels of God came from heaven and removed the 
stone from the sepulchre, and at their appearance, the soldiers 
were frightened and fell to the ground and were like dead men. 
As soon as they had recovered from the terrible shock, some of 
them went into the city, and reported what had happened, and 
the chief priests and the elders assembled, and when they had 
counseled together, they bribed the soldiers by giving them 
large sums of money, so that they, instead of telling the tiuth, 
reported that while they slept, his disciples came and stole the 
body away. And the chief priests promised to shield the 
soldiers from punishment. 

And Jesus said to her, "Touch me not, for I am not yet 
ascended to my Father: but go to my brethren and say to them, 
I ascend to my Father, and your Father, and to my God, and 
your God." And Mary went and told the apostles that she 
had seen the Lord, and repeated to them the words he had 
spoken to her. 



BE CIVIL. — "^ly young friend," said a gentleman on horse- 
back, one day, to a lad who was standing near a well, "will you 
Jo me the favor to draw a pail of water for my horse, as I find 
it rather difficult to get off." 

Instead of giving a gruff reply, as many boys would do, the boy 
drew the water and gave it to the horse. His manner was so 
pleasant and cheerful, that the stranger, delighted with his 
spirit, asked his name and residence, and then, after thanking 
him, rode on. 

The good-natured lad thought no more of his act of civility 
until, some months later, he received a letter from the gentle- 
man, offering him a clerkship in his store. The offer was ac- 
cepted. The lad prospered, and finally became chief magistrate 
of a large city. Thus, you see, that little act of civility to a 
stranger was the first round in the ladder by which the boy 
climbed to honor and wealth. Now, I do not say that civility 
will always lead to such honor, but I do say that it always 
raises its possessor in the opinions of others, and in his own 
self-respect. Be civil thereluro, my boys and girls. Civihty is 
an ornament you should all wear. 



I 



«^^ 





93u' 



Mo. 5" 






r^^ 



®]|^ S^\i^t%iU ftt$lrudur. 






^' 



f 



MAKCH 1, 1868. 




any of tlie Ju'^'EN'tlks ever find fault 

witli tlioir parents, and think, and perhaps 

say, that they do wrong? We have known 

boys who made it a practice to find fault 

with and talk asainst their parents. They 

would talk with as little respect of their 

-^^vi?^ fathers and mothers as they would about 

their playmates, who had displeased them. 

This habit is a very bad one. It is very 

wicked for children to despise their parents and 

say bad things about them. Children who do 

this can not prosper. The Lord is angry with 

i^ them. His commandment to the children of 

^ f^ Israel was, "Honor thy Father and thy Mother, 

: hat thy days may be long upon the land, which the 

Lord thy God giveth thee." 

If they honored their fathers and their mothers, 
their days were to be long in the land; and of course, 
if they did not honor them, a different result would follow — 
their days would not be many; they would not live so long. 
Children who have good parents should not look for faults in 
them. They do not always know what are faults. They might 
think something a fault which was not a fault but a virtue. 

How delightful it is to see a family of children, kind, respect- 
ful and attentive to their parents' wi.shes! If they are asked 
to go on an errand, or to do any labor, they are ready to com- 
ply quickly and pleasantly, without murmuring, fault-finding, 
or asking why or wherefore. Such a home is a place where 
angels can visit with jileasure. 

But how unpleasant it is, when boys or girls are asked to do 
something, to hear them begin to whine, and say, "why can't 
Thomas, or Mary, do it?" We read in a paper the other day, 
about a lady who remarked that ".she had the most tender- 
hearted children .she ever saw; she had only to ask one of them 
to bring her a pail of water, and be would burst out a crying. ' ' 
Now, cliildren who act in that manner bring but little comfort 
to their parents. 

We hope none of the Juvenile-s who read this are guilty of 
such conduct. 



A 



NI'MLJEri rif large boys, who attend meeting in the Tab 



from the stand. Last Sunday we heard a serious complaint 
made against them for their conduct. One of the Elders who 
sat at that end .said the bo.v.s around him made so much noise 
that it was nearly impos.sible for the people who sat there to 
hear the s|ieaker. And what is worse, he said it was a common 
practice with the boys to be noi.sy in the meeting. It is likely 
that they will be .stopped in these proceedings; lor deacons will, 
jirobably, be appointed to keep order. But how bad it is for 
boys to be thus ruile. and forget the object for wliich they ought 
to go to meeting! They are like the dog in the manger, that 
we read about in the fable. The dog would not eat hay himself, 
neither would he let the ox cat iu They will neither li.sten to 
what is said themselves, nor let others listen. 



Every boy who does such things .should be ashamed of him- 
self. They can play and talk and laugh outside of the house, 
and are not under the necessity of going in to be guilty of such 
rudeness. We sincerely hope that no boy who reads the L\- 
.STRUCTOR will ever forget the respect whicli is due to a jilace of 
worship. Our Tabernacles, meetinghouses, &c., are all dedi- 
cated to the Lord for his worship. They are, therefore, His 
houses, and He cannot be pleased with any one who shows 
such disrespect to Him. His house and His people as to play, 
joke and laugh while His word is being taught. 

In almost every country, they punish, in a very severe man- 
ner, tho.se who disturb religious meetings. It is right that it 
should be so. But, with us, all our boys should know better 
than to indulge in such conduct. We trust that we will hear 
no more about the bad behavior of boys in meeting. 






For the Juvenile Instructor, 



"^isiT 2?:ix: 



THE LOUD WILL PROVIDE. 



[CONTINUED.] 

IT is a marvellous foct, that, in whateter country the gospe} 
of Jesus Christ is preached, who.soever repents, and obeys 
the same, has a desire to emigrate to Utah — the place appoint- 
ed by the Lord for tlie gathering of his people. One of the 
early messengers of salvation in Switzerland, where the inhab- 
itants are proverbial ibr theu- love of country, related the fol- 
lowing anecdote: 

On a certain occasion, talking to a Swiss, he asked him if he 
would like to go to America. "No," replied the Swiss, "I 
shall never emigrate; my forefatliers have lived here for ages, 
and I love my dear, native land too well ever to leave it." 
Some time afterwards he embraced the gospel, and received 
the spirit of gathering and was one of the foremost to gather 
with the Saints. 

So it was with papa, he had embraced the truth, had obeyed 
the divine message, and felt the desire to gather, and from 
that time he commenced to prepare for their journey. Month 
after mouth rolled away and they began to grow in the truth. 
Principles that had before been a mystery were, under the 
light of the Holy Sjiirit, made plain, and the false teachings 
they had been reared to venerate and believe gave way to the 
simple truths of Heaven. The girls went to Sunday school in 
the branch where they held meetings, and learned to read the 
Bible, Book of Mormon, and the Catechism written by Elder 
.Tuques. I'apa had been called to the office of an Elder, and 
had now beconjc a jjreacher of righteousness, and they were 
indeed a happy familj-. 

One Saturday evening papa came home from work, put 
down his tools and sat down to supper. Mamma noticed a 
sober shade on his countenance, and asked him if any thing 
was the matter. "Nothing particular," said papa, "only I 
have been dismissed from my employment." "What for?" 
demanded mamma. "Because I am a Mormon, and advocate 
a delusion," replied papa. "Last Sunday I preached in the 
open air, and one of our firm, who is a very religious man, 
hapi)ened to pa.ss, and hearing me advocate the claims of 
Joseph Smith, he was very indignant and told me he could 



,^'^9 



0" TJ ^ E ::n" I L E 






not emjjloy any man who was so lost as to believe so delusive 
a doctrine. He would not hear anything I had to say, but 
said he had heard quite enough, and was sorry that any sensi- 
ble niaHj as he had always taken me to be, should be so led 
astray. I tried to bear my testimony, which was like adding 
fuel to fire, so I thought it best to quietly retire, for he was 
rendered blihd by prejudice." "It is a pity," .?aid mamma, 
"but is no doubt for the best; the Lord will provide and we 
shall not want." 

"We shall not be able to go to America now, mamma," 
said Mary, "if papa has no work." "Perhaps this will be the 
opening by wtTioh we shall go quickly," said mamma; but we 
shall see, the future will unfold the providences of God." 

Supper passed veiy pleasantly, and afterwards they prepared 
for the ensuing day — Sunday, by having everything ready, 
shoeslcleaned, and clean linen aired by the fire so as to have 
no confusion of disorder to render them late for meeting the 
next day. 

My little friends, always be punctual to meeting. Nothing 

looks so bad as to saunter into the meeting house when every 

one is seated, and the meeting far advanced. It has such a 

lazy appearance, and is such an annoyance to well disposed 

people. "My house is a house of order, saith the Lord." 

Remember that, my little friends, and always show your good 

sense and propriety by being punctual at the house of pi-ayer; 

for it is just as easy to be in time as to be too late, if you do 

not get into the very bad habit of leaving everything until 

the last minute. 

To be ContiHued. 



$tl\^ti$h f^<^t%v%* 



"WEICS-SlIiTa- THE! SJ^lBir. 

How many pounds does the baby weigh— 

Baby, who came but a mouth ago? 
How many pounds from the crowning curl 

To the rosy point of the restless toe? 

Grandfather ties the 'kerchief's knot, 
Tenderly guides the swinging weight, 
And carefully over his glasses peers, 
To read the record, "Only eight." 

Softly the echo goes around; 

The father laughs at the tiny girl; 
The fair young mother sings the words, 

While grandmother smooths the golden curl. 

And stooping above the precious tiling, 

Nestles a kiss within a prayer, 
Murmuring softly, "Little one, 

Grandfatlier did not weigh you fair." 

Nobody weighed the baby's smile. 
Or the love that came with the helpless one, 

Nobody weighed the tlireads of care 
From which a woman's life is spun. 

Nobody weighed the baby's soul, 
For licro on cartli no weiglit tiiore be 

That could avail; God only knows 
Its value in eternity. 

O MOTHER, laugh your morry note; 

IJe gay and glad, but don't forget 
From baly's eyes look out a aoul 

That claims a home in Eden yet. 



THE O K. O O O ID I Xj El 





WHAT strange things men will worship and trust in as their 
gods! Sun, moon and stars: earth, fire and water; birds, 
beasts and fishes, any thing and every thing except the true 
God. And here to-day we have a picture of what was once a 
god to Egypt in the days when the pyramids were built and 
Israel groaned in bondage beneath their Egyptian taskmasters. 
It is the Crocodile. 

How so tcirible-looking and voracious a reptile came to be a 
god we do not know. Nor the reasons which led the ancient 
dwellers on the banks of the river Nile to worship it. It is 
neither beautiful to look upon, nor \iseful to man. At the 
most its flesh will do for food when nothing better can be obtain- 
ed. It is certainly no friend to man; instead of that, it is 
greatly feared, as no animal weaker or less savage than the 
tiger is a match for it in single combat. The tiger, like itself, 
is in the habit of lurking on the banks ot 'great rivers, and 
when they meet they have terrible battles. The moment the 
tiger finds itself assailed, it turns round with great agihty and 
forces its claws into the eyes of the Crocodile, who immediate- 
ly plunges its fierce antagonist into the river; and there the 
struggle continues until the tiger sinks in a watery grave. 

The Crocodile lives principally in the large rivers of Africa—, 
the upper Nile, the Senegal and others. It feeds entirely on 
flesh, principally the fish and water-fowl of its native rivers. 
But it will often come to land and carry oif cattle, antelopes 
and other animals. These it drags into the water, and there 
devours them at its leisure. 




If our little friends will look at the picture, they will be much 
better able to tell what the Crocodile looks like than by any 
description we can give of it They cannot help noticing its 
huge jaws — what a width it can open its mouth, showing those 
terrible rows of sharp-pointed teeth. Also his long scaly body, 
with hide thick enough and strong enough to resist a musket 
ball. As well as his short, but strong legs, and long, armored 
tail, which though not very convenient for land traveling, are 
just the things he wants while in the water. 

The Crocodile is about twenty feet long. Some have been 
caught much longer. The color when full grown is a blackish 
brown above, and a yellowish white beneath, the ujiper part of 
the legs and sides are varied with deep yellow and in some 
parts tinged with green. 

It is said that the mouth of the Crocodile is full of insects, 
and that there is a little bird that lives on them. And that 
this bird will hop into the mouth of the re]itile and fear- 
lessly pick up its food. The monster all the time holding his 
jaws wide open, never attempting to hurt his little friend, well 
knowing the good it is doing him. 

In America there is an animal that resembles the Crocodile 
very much, both in its looks and liabits. It is found in the 
southern parts of the llnion and in the wanner parts of South 
America. What has been said of the Crocodile will almost 
ciiually well apply to it. It is called the Alligator. (j. li. 



I 



^^^\ 38 



VO: ■ 3 1^ 



J- TJ "^T El INT 1 1_. E ID^S1?S.TJC1?OI^ 




r\. r 



?1"X 






J'oi' (Ae Juvenile Instructor. 



READY FOR WORK. 



a true stoet. 
[second part.] 



I TOLD you in the last number of the Juvenile Instructor 
that httle George had been at a Eanter's praj-er meeting and 
saw the way that they attempted to bring sinners to Christ. 

I do not wish to make the history of little George tiresome to 
you by talking veay much about religion ; but seeing that the 
little hero of our story was thrown into circumstances of that 
kind, I must tell them, and how he saw them, and what he 
thought about them. 

In telling you how he saw Ranters trying to bring sinners to 
Christ, and how they taught sinners to get their sins forgiven 
and all that, you might get wrong ideas, and not know but that 
it is really the right way if I did not tell you different ; and I 
must do this before I can proceed any fmther with the more 
personal events of our history. 

You won't get tired, will you. if I now tell you as shortly as I 
can, the right way to bring sinners to Jesus Christ, that you 
may not get wrong impressions by reading what little George 
saw? 

In the first place the Eanter ministers did not know how to 
direct sinners to Christ in the right way, for they had not come 
to Him themselves in that way. God did not send them to do 
this errand, so they were not his true servants. 

When the Lord wants a minister to serve llim He calls upon 
Lim to do so by new revelation. 

For instance: the Lord said to Moses, "take thou unto thee 
Aaron thy brother, and his sons with him, from among the 
children of Israel, that he may minister tmco me in the priest's 
office;" and no man taketh this honor unto himself, but he that 
is called of God as was Aaron. 

Although Jesus Christ was the Son of God, j-et He had to 
be "called of God a high priest after the order of 31elchisedcc," 
and nobody has any right to go in the name of God, as his ser- 
vant, to preach to sinners repentance and remission of sins in 
the name of Jesus, unless he is called to do so in this wa.v. 

For instance, supposing your father should say to you, 

"John, I wish you to feed and take care of my lambs, and 
lead them into green pastures and shady glades, by the side of 
murmuring streams of pure water; and this is your calling." 

Hut one day a strange boy should enter your father's pasture 
■with a flock of goats, saying I am the true shepherd, and were to 
drive you from the pasture with blows and abuse. 

John will represent the true servants of God, who have au- 
thority from Him to be the true shepherds of the peopilc, and 
the boy with the goats will represent all ministers of every sect 
of the world who arc not sent to be sheiiherds of the people by 
new revelation from the God o*' heaven as Aaron was siMit. 

Now, my little readers, I think I have made tliis jilain to you, 
and if it needs a little more ex]Jaining yom- fathers and moth- 
ers and Sunday school teachers can tell you more about it. 

Now, when we have found a trae minister of Christ, he can 
tell us the sure .vay to come to Christ which is, 

Firstly, bclicvfc in Him; 

Secondly, repenc of allsin.s; 

Thirdly, be bai)tiscd in water by the hands of the true min- 
ister: and 



Fourthly, receive the laying on of hands of the true minister 
for the gift of the Holy Ghost. 

This is the Lord's way of bringing people to Christ, and the 
only way; every other way being the wa3-s of men whom God 
has not sent. 

Monday morning came, and for that damp, cloudy country, it 
was a bright, balmy, spring morning. 

Little George had slept very soundly, and when he awoke 
early in the morning as was his custom in his poor-house home, 
he could not for a few moments think where he was. The truth 
soon flashed upon his somewhat bewildered senses when he 
rubbed his eyes and lookad upon the shoemaker's benches, 
tools and leather wliich were lying around in the room where 
he slept. 

He lay a little while thinking about his new home, and won- 
dering what his little plaj'-mates and school-mates in his poor- 
house home wore doing, and if they thought of him; and the 
dear, old school teacher with the big spectacles, how he wished 
he could see them all once more. And he thought of his little 
sister, and the kind lady, and about the fine streets and shop 
windows in the big city, and wished that he might spend that 
nice day in seeing them all. 

He did not like to see the shoemaker's benches and the tools 
and the dark walls of the room where he lay, it was like a pris- 
on, and something told him to run away and be free in the clear 
sun-shine where every thing was musical and joyful with life 
and beaut}'. While this thought prevailed in him his heart 
bounded with gladness, and he felt that he would willingly go 
without eating or drinking all day if he might only be free to do 
as he pleased, for he feared the restraint that might be put up- 
on him in that dirty-looking shoemaker's shop. 

He had almost made up his mind to run away when he 
thought of his kind, good mistress, and bethought of the gate 
keeper, and the people in his poor-house home who had been 
so good to him, and wished him well, and what they would 
think and say if they should find out that he had been such a 
bad, ungrateful boy as to run away from such kind friends. 

This last consideration prevailed with him to stay where he 
was and do the best he could, for he could not be ungrateful, 
and kindness always tied him hand and foot to his duty. 

In a short time a voice shouted: "George, come my boy, 
get up, and I will show you how to light the fire, and where to 
get the turf and the coal to do it with." 

It was the voice of his mistiess. He arose quickly, and put 
on his clothes, too glad to get down stairs away from the 
gloomy scenes of the woi'k-shop. 

The fire was soon made and the kettle put over it, the ashes 
taken out, the fender and fire-irons rubbed down, the floor 
swept, the hearth stone washed, and rubbed over afresh with a 
piece of sand stone, and fresh "white sand" thrown on the 
floor, which was paved with flat stones called flags, the table 
set with a handboard made of japanned tin, with cups and 
saucers, bowls and spoons, and everything made clean and 
comfortable and ready for breakfast. George helped his mis- 
tress in all this preparation. 

There was now heard a noise at the front door, as though 
the handles of two heavy tin buckets had been permitted to 
fall suddenly down; when the kind mistress said, "George, go 
to the front door and get the milk in this bowl," giving him a 
large bowl, "and here's a penny to pay for it." 

When George ojicned the door he found the same burly 
milk-man that cried, "curds and whey," in the street the day 
before, he was now carrying the milk from house to house for 
the jieoiile's breakfast. George got the bowl full of milk, and 
carefully carried it to the table under the window in the kitchen. 

He got for his breakfast a bowl of bread and milk and a 
liberal slice of bread and butter afterwards. He did not feel 



^i^ 



Uf»9 



^'O)'- 



vol -3 No- S -^ 






39 



y>Qd 



quite so gloomy after he had eaten his breakfast as he did 
when he awoke in the morning. 

AJl now repaired to the work-shop up stairs to commence 
the week's labor, leaving the kind mistress down stairs to clear 
away the breakfast things and put the house in order. 

"Let me see," said the master as he seated himself upon 
his bench, "we must find this little apjirentice of ours a leather 
apron to work in, and there's a bench in the corner there that 
Pat used to sit on, we will let him have that, and then he will 
be set up in business." 

"Pat," was a journeyman shoe-maker who had worked there 
before George's time. ■ 

The leathern apron was produced and fixed with strings, etc., 
to fit the boj' from his throat down to his ankles. It was a 
pretty good apron for an old one, though it had a few holes in 
it. The seat was dragged out from the dust, and a piece of 
shoe-maker's wax taken from the shop tub and placed in its 
proper dejiartment on the seat. 

Little George was now ready for operations. 

Uncle George. 
{To be Continued.) 



§inpa^]|^ 






THZiE 



.ate I 



c'5'i 



HE next day, after .To«eph and Brother 
Elias Higbee reached Washington, they 
went to the White House, the residence of 
the President of the United States. Blar- 
tin Van Buren was the President. They 
then presented their letters of introduc- 
tion to him. As soon as he had read one 
of them, he looked upon Joseph and 
Brother Higbee with a kind of half frown, 
and said, "What can I do? Your cause is 
; but I can do nothing for you! If I do 
ything, I shall come in contact with the whole 
1 of Missouri." His remarks did not pre- 
Joseph and Brother Higbee from telling 
him that they demanded a hearing and constitu- 

tional rights. He promised to reconsider what he 

KJcS had said, and observed that he felt to sympathize 

•^^?*^ with the Saints because of their sufferings. During 

7 ) the interview the President asked Joseph wherein the 

religion of the Saints differed from the other religions of the 

day. Joseph explained the difference, and bore a faithful 

testimony that it was the work of God. 

Van Buren did not make a fiivorable impression upon 
Joseph. Joseph, himself, was a man who did right at all 
hazards. Whatever the consequences might be he would not 
swerve from the path of truth and justice. His life had been 
a continual battle, and though the odds, looking at matters as 
the world view them and not thinking about the liord, had 
been heavy against him, he had not fiinclied nor quailed. Van 
Buren had judgiid the cause of the Saints before he knew it. 
Though he was the head of a great nation, he CDiikl (Id iici/liiii;/ 
when hundreds and thousands of citizens had been robbed, 
expelled from their homes and abused and trampled upon, and 
many of them even killed by niobs! If he did anything, he 
was afraid he would "come in contact with the whole State of 




Missouri." Such weakness and cowardice Joseph could only 
pity and despise. He stood at such a height above the small- 
souled weakling that he could look down upon him and com- 
prehend at a glance his utter feebleness. 

After their interview with President Van Buren they visited 
the members of Congress from Illinois, and delivered the 
letters ot introduction which they had for them. Thus their 
time was occupied in making acquaintances, and endeavoring 
to bring such an influence to bear upon Congress that the 
members would be prompted to take action in the case. The 
members from Illinois were generally disposed to favor Joseph 
and the cause. The Latter-day Saints had moved to Illinois. 
They were numerous, and the men and party in whose favor 
their votes would be cast at an election would win. The mem- 
bers of Congress knew this, and as politicians it was to their 
interest to do what they could for the Saints. The members 
met together, and decided, after discussing the subject, that a 
memorial and petition be drawn up in a concise manner, and 
Judge Young, who was Senator from Illinois, should present 
the same to the Senate. It was expected that the matter 
would be referred to the proper committee, with all the accom- 
panying documents, and they would be printed. 

All Joseph's exertions, and the testimonies, affidavits and 
other documents which they laid before Congress, failed to 
have any effect. Neither the President, nor the Senate and 
House of Representatives would do anything to call the State 
of Blissouri to account for the inhuman wrongs which her ' 
people had inflicted upon unoffending, free-born American 
citizens. The Church had appealed to Governors and Judges 
and rulers, and now, through its President, it appealed to the 
Chief Executive of the nation and the Congress, in which every 
State in the Piepublio was represented — the highest authorities 
in the land. There was no redress to be obtained from them; 
nothing further could be done, therefore, but to leave them in 
the hands of the Lord, who in His own due time, would plead 
the cause of His people. 

It is interesting to read Joseph's views respecting the men 
he was thrown in contact with at Washington. "For a general 
thing," he said, "there is but little solidity and honorable 
deportment among those who are sent to represent the people; 
but a great deal of pomposity and show." "There is such an 
itching disposition to display their oratory on the most trivial 
occasions, and so much etiquette, bowing and scraping, twisting 
and turning, to make a display of their witticisms, that it 
seems to us rather a display of folly and show, more than sub- 
stance and gravity, such as becomes a great nation like ours. 
However there are some exceptions." 

From Washington Joseph proceede#by railroad to Philadel- 
phia, where he arrived on December 21st, 1839. He left 
Brothers Rockwell and Higbee to follow in the carriage, and 
Sidney Rigdon stayed there sick, with Doctor Foster to attend 
to him. He spent several days at Philadelphia, preaching and 
visiting from house to house among the brethren and others. 
He also visited the Saints in New Jersey and Chester county, 
Pennsylvania. 

About the last of January he left Philadelphia again to visit 
Washington. He was accompanied by Brothers 0. P. Rook- 
well, Higbee and Doctor Foster. Sidney Rigdon had joined 
Joseph at Philadelphia; but was still sick, and had to be left 
there. During Joseph's stay at Washington, he had another 
interview with Martin Van Buren, the President, who treated 
him very insolently. He listened with great reluctance to what 
he had to say, and in reply, uttered that sentiment, which has 
obtained such a deservedly wide-spread notoriety among the 
Latter-day Saints: '^Gnttli'mrn, your aiiisc i< Just, hut I can do 
iKilldiiQ for you;' and "//'/ tukK up for you, I shall lose the 
vote of Missouri. ' ' 



I 



:(j'^^ 







iTTJ^TEn^ILE 






Respecting this inteiTiew Joseph remarks: "His Tvhole 
course went to show that he was an office-seeker, that selt-ag- 
grandizemeut was his ruling passion, and that justice and 
righteousness were no part of his composition. I found him 
such a man as I could not conscientiously support at the head 
of our great Republic." 

Joseph also had an interview with John C. Calhoun, Senator 
from South Carolina; but his treatment of Joseph was such as 
very ill became his station. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 

I^ I?. .A. ^^ E K; . 



A 




readers how necessary it is that we should pray that we may 
do good all the time, and just as long as we will do so, the 
Lord will always think of us, and take care of us, so that as 
we grow older in years we will grow in grace before Him until 
we become established in every good quality, and it will be 
almost impossible for us to do wrong, and we will feel happy 
all the time. W. M. 



Prayer is the simplest form of speech 

That infant lips can try; 
Prayer the subliinest strains that re.icli 
The majesty on high. 
"I'lJ'HAT is prayer? What is the use of praying? What 
T V good does it do us? These are no doubt a few of the 
questions which present themselves to the minds of my 3'oung 
brethren and sisters when they are made to kneel down and 
pray before going to bed. Now in order to do right, and to be 
happy, it is necessary that we should i)ray; for oiu- Father in 
Heaven likes to have us think of Him and He is very much 
pleased when he sees little boys and girls kneel down and ask 
him to bless them. He loves them, and wants to bless them 
all the time if they will only ask him, but if they don't pray. 
He thinks they do not care anything about him, He is grieved 
and withholds his blessings from them. 

Piayer serves to keep open the channel of communication 
between us and the heavens. In order to make it plain to 
my young friends, I will compare it to a road that vye travel 
to go after wood in the winter; we must go evei'y day so as to 
keep the road open, for if we miss going one day the wind may 
blow and drift the snow into the road, or perhaps more snow 
may fall, so that the nest day it will be harder for our teams to 
walk, and the longer we are without traveling this road, the 
more it gets covered, until it becomes entirely filled up; then it 
is necessary to break a new road, which is very difficult when 
the snow is deep. Such is prayer, the more we pray, the more 
we love to, and if we mis.s saying our prayers one day, the next 
day we feel less inclined to pray and it seems harder for 
us to do so. 

We are surrounded by evil spirits and influences, and it 
requires an exertion on our jiart at all times to overcome them, 
and being weak of ourselves we cannot do so without the helj] 
of our Father in Heaven. If when we get up in the morning 
we kneel down and ask Him to bless us through the day, to help 
us to do right and overcome evil. He will do so; and then when 
we go to bed we feel like kneeling again and thanking him and 
asking him to preserve us through the night, that no harm 
may befall us and that we may sleep in peace. But if, on the 
contrary, we neglect to pray to the Jvord and thank him for his 
mercies. He withdraws his Holy Sjiirit from us, and we are 
left entirely at the mercy of the evil one, who delights in doing 
ns harm and destroying us. 

We should not only pray in the morning and at night, but 
we should pray in our hearts all the day long, that our hearts 
Diay always be turneil towards < lid. J>et the praise and grati- 
tude of our hearts ascend unto the Lord by day and by night 
that the channel may be kcjit open and the road between 
us and our Heavenly Fatlier may always be broken that we 
iiiay have constant access unto Him; and in doing this we shall 
always feel tlad and haj) y. and we sliall be imnibered with 
the wi.-e viri;ins spoken of in the liible. iSo you .see, my young 



n^ 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ON THE HISTORY OF THE INDIANS. 

17. Which of Lehi's sons were good? 

IS. Which were bad? 

19. Did Laman and Lemuel murmur at their father for leav- 
ing; his riches and possessions, to go into the wilderness? 

20. Towards what sea did they first travel? 

21. To what city did the Lord tell Lehi to send his sons, from 
the Red Sea? 

22. To get what? 

2:?. What did these plates contain? 

24. What else? 

25. Who had these plates? 
28. Was he a good man? 

27. Did Lehi's sons go? 

28. Did Laman and Lemuel complain at having to go? 

29. How did they decide who should go to Laban's house 
to ask for the plates? 

30. Upon whom did the lot fall? 

31. Did Laban receive him well? 

32. What did Laban say and do to him? 



For the Juvenile Instrucloj; 

G :ei: J^ Ti. j^ u :ei . 



BT J. P. SMITH, JUN. 



I am composed of 7 letters. 

My 1, 5, 4, 2, is the name of a good man who lived before 

the flood. 
My 5, 4, 7, 6, is a wild beast. 
My 2, 4, 3, is a part of the body. 
My whole is a branch of education. 

The answer to the Charade in No. 3, is DANIEL HAN- 
DIER WELLS. We received correct replies from 0. F. 
Whitney, W. G. Kimball, Minnie Home, T. C. Callister, Jos. 
Toronto, jr., W. J. Lewis, J. V. Smith, jr., Lizzie Winder, 
Hem-}' Hales, E. A. Smith, M. H. Smith, M. E. Shipley, and 
P. A. Brown. 



The pleasure of doing good is the only one that does not 
wear out. 



CrXXVEZsriLEl I3SrSTI^lJ"GTOK. 

J.f published tn AV//,' Liike Cily, I'Cah Teirititrj/, 
ON THE FIKST & FIFTEKNTII OF EVERY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, 
Single Copy, 



per .'VQUiira ?.3 00 

for Six Monlhs 1 50 



la- II is erprcted where ar/rnis Jnrwurd nnmc! thrt/ jvill be re.tjionsible 
for the papers thus ordered: mid iihrii Viish pai/iiun(s are made, Ihey 
II HI. /ileasc forward iheiii with the teller coixlaiiuny the namet of the 
Mtljufrtticrs. 

9r Elder Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, v<ill act at General Agent for 
O-letie Valley. 

«#- Urnin brouffhl to tliis City for the JUVE.NJLE IN.STRUCTOR willbe 
received ul the ojjlee of our p<y<tr— Uesekkt NiiWS BuiLDiisGa. 






4) 



