I 



pfllhuss to t\t ywij! 




VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, JULY 6, 1872. 



NO. 14. 



j^isr xisroinDEisrT jlt the sieo-e oe hj^i^XjEI^i:. 



I 



nOME time ago we gave you a short account of the Massacre 
KJ of the Huguenots, otherwise called the Massacre of St. 
Bartholomew, iu the course of which we referred to the hatred 
and strife, finally resulting in civil war in various European 
countries, which followed and grew out of what is called 
the Protestant Reforma- 
tion. 

You may not see any 
relation whatever, be- 
tween that remarkable 
movement, the wars 
which it caused, and the 
engraving accompanying 
this article ; nevertheless 
the connection is very 
close, and before you get 
through reading this it 
will be apparent to you. 

In the picture you see 
a lot of girls on skates, 
and many of you know 
what fun it is to go skat- 
ing. These girls seem 
to be gliding along right 
merrily, as though they 
enjoyed the sport. But 
the event illustrated by 
the engraving is one of 
the saddest in history, 
and the hearts of the 
girls here represented, 
when this event occur- 
red, were no doubt heavy 
with sorrow and full of 
fearful forebodings. But 
we will tell you more 
about that by and by. 

You sec that our skat- 
ers have baskets on their 
heads, filled with some- 
thing or other. What 
do you suppose it is? It 
does not look unlike 

rolls of bread, or provisions of some kind. Just 
what it is, and by the time you finish reading this 
ter of history, you will find wlicthcr you have gucs.sc 
rectly. 




guess, 
chap- 



We'll be bound that many of you who read this, are fond of 
skating, but it is not very likely that you ever tried it with a 
heavy load on your cranium. Unless you are very expert 
skaters, you find it difficult to keep your feet without that, but 
to skate with a load on your head is altogether out of the 

question. If you have 
any doubt about the diffi- 
culty of such a feat, do 
not try it next winter, 
for you will be sure to 
have a bad fall if you do. 
But then, you know that, 
in different countries 
very different customs 
prevail, and though the 
boys and girls of Utah 
never skate with full 
baskets on their heads, 
that is no reason why 
boys and girls elsewhere 
should not do so ; and 
the fact is, that iu Hol- 
land, or the kingdom of 
the Netherlands, it is 
quite common. Holland, 
you have probably learn- 
ed already, is as its other 
name — Netherlands — 
implies, a very low, flat 
country, so much so that 
the people in all parts of 
it have had to build large 
levees or embankments 
to prevent the waters of 
the German Ocean which 
bounds it on the west, 
and the three great rivers, 
the Rhine, Bleusc, and 
Scheldt, which run 
through it, from flooding 
them out. 

The people in some 
districts of Utah are 
sometimes put to considerable trouble through floods, caused by 
the bursting of clouds in the mountains, or the overflowing of 
the mountain streams ; but such occurrences arc rare, and the 
damage they cause confined to small localities. It is very 




^ 



106 



J- TJ "V^ E IsT I L E in^STI^TJOTOI?.. 



different to this in Holland, for tliere, in the winter time, very 
large tracts, including many towns and villages, are frequently 
completely overflowed, and frozen over; and pedestrians fiud 
it convenient to travel from one to another on skates, and they 
have become so used to it that they can, when necessary, skate 
along, bearing burdens, just as represented in our engraving. 

Some of you may say, "What has this to do with the picture 
and the religious wars of the Keformation ?" Wait a little and 
you will learn. And now, to come to the point, we may tell you 
that no people in Europe suffered mere through the Eelbrmatiou 
than the inhabitants of the Netherlands. S])aiu is now, and 
always has been, the stronghold of popery and Catholicism. 
In Spain the Inquisition, in which so many thousands were 
tortured and murdered because of dissenting from the Catholic 
faith, originated and flourished. This accm-sed institution was 
destroyed by the first Napoleon, and it is one of the very few 
good things for which the world is indebted to him. 

When the Reformation commenced, special care and atten- 
tion were paid to the religion of all who lived under the Span- 
ish crown, lest they should become tainted with the doctrines 
of Luther and his adherents. 

In the year 1555, Charles the Fifth, Emperor of Germany, 
Spain and the Netherlands, worn out with the cares of public 
lite, retired to a monastery, dividing his vast dominions between 
his brother Ferdinand, and his son Philip, the former being 
made Emperor of Germany, the latter King of Spain and the 
Netherlands. Philip was not satisfied with presiding over the 
people of his realms as chief magistrate, but he wanted to be 
their high priest, as well; and being a strict Catholic he 
resolved to use cannon and gunpowder if necessary, to compel 
the Hollanders to go to heaven according to the Catholic 
lurmula. This was a terrible mistake on the part of the king, 
and unfortunately for the world, it is one into which many other 
rulers have fallen, and it has been the cause of many so-called 
religious wars, which have always been the most savage wars 
of the world. 

It was a dark day for the Netherlanders when Philip became 
their king, for the doctrines of the Keformers had made con- 
siderable progress amongst them, a fact which aroused to a 
high degree the jealousy and displeasure of the king, who 
resolved at once to check their further spread, and in hopes of 
doing so he revived the laws for the punishment of Protestants, 
which had been enacted by his father, but which towards the 
close of his reign had fallen into disuse. 

The coercive policy of Philip had exactly a contrary effect to 
what he expected, for his Dutch subjects soon gave him to 
understand that no kiugly edicts should deprive them of free- 
dom of conscience and of the privilege of worshipping God as 
they choose. They sent influential men to Spaiu to effect a 
peaceful solution of the ditiiculties if possible, but their efforts 
failed, and, finally, as the Hollanders persisted in praying to 
and worshipping God according to their own notions, and 
contrary to the notions of Philip, he sent ships of war and 
legions of soldiers to compel them to forsake their new religion 
and to return to Catholicism. 

The leaders of the Spanish troops were savage, brutal men, 
who cared for nothing but carrying out the instructions of the 
king, their master; and chief among them was the Duke of 
Alva, whose atrocious course in conducting the war against the 
Dutch has covered his name with everlasting infamy. 

The Netherlands consisted of seventeen separate provinces, 
and when this religious war commenced, seven of them united 
in taking up arms against Spain. The master spirit amongst the 
Hollanders, in their struggle against Spain, was William, Prince 
of Orange, a man reared ia the court of Philip's father, who 
had placed the greatest confidence in him, and who, on retiring 
from the throne, had advised his son Philip to make him his 
friend and counselor. But William was a great statesman, and 
though sincerely attached to the royal house of Spain, his 




patriotism was too pure to permit him to see the rights of his 
countrymen, the Hollanders, so outrageously disregarded, with- 
out using all the influence and power he possessed to defend 
them. 

But we do not intend, iu this article, to follow the course of 
this dreadful struggle. The war lasted many years, and one of 
the most memorable events connected with it was the siege of 
the city of Harlem. 

Hostilities commenced about the year 1508, and wherever 
and whenever the invaders gained any advantage, they were 
guilty of frightful cruelty, sparing neither old nor young, male 
nor female. The Spanish forces, ten thousand in number, 
finally reached the city of Harlem, one of the principal cities of 
the seven revolted provinces. It was one of the chief seats of 
manufactures, its burghers being celebrated for their skill in 
the fabrication of silk, jeans, cotton, velvet, ribbons, lace, linen, 
jewelry and many other things. In their hearts the love of 
liberty was as strong as the love of life, and when the enemy 
made his appearance before their city they resolved to die 
rather than yield. This feeling was shared by women as well 
as men, and a corps of three hundred ladies, under the com- 
mand of one of their own sex, named Kenau Hasselaer, took 
an active part iu the defence of Harlem, and during its progress 
half of them lost their lives. 

The siege lasted seven months, and was finally turned into a 
blockade. This latter movement soon caused great suffering 
among the people in the city for want of food, and our engrav- 
ing, this week, represents a veritable circumstance which then 
occurred, namely an attempt on the part of a number of ladies 
from villages adjoining Harlem, while braving dangers and 
death from the blockaders' guns, to carry food to their suffer- 
ing friends in Harlem. 

Finally, the last morsel of food had been eaten by the citizens, 
and as there was not the slightest chance to obtain more, death 
by famine, or the swords and guns of the Spaniards was the 
only prospect before them. Still the citizens did not feel like 
surrendering to Alva, and in this frightful emergency they 
resolved to collect all their women and children in a mass, sur- 
round them, set fire to their city and then cut their way through 
the lines of the besiegers. 

The Spaniards, fearful of losing all semblance of victory, 
made proposals to the pejple of Harlem, promising among 
other things to spare their lives if they were allowed to enter 
Harlem. The proposal was accepted, and the troops entered 
the city, when one of the most shameful violations of faith, as 
well as one of the most cruel massacres that history furnishes 
any account of, was perpetrated by them. No sooner were the 
troops masters of Harlem than they disarmed the almost 
famished citizens, put to death fifty-seven hostages, and set 
four executioners to work, who did not cease their labors until 
compelled from sheer exhaustion. Two thousand persons were 
thus deprived of life. But the Spanish commander was not yet 
satisfied, and three hundred others were tied back to back, in 
twos, and thrown into the river. 

This massacre terminated the siege of Harlem, but three 
years later— in 1577— it was retaken by the Prince of Orange, 
under whose leadership the independence of the seven_ provinces 
in revolt was several years afterwards secured ; but it was not 
until about seventy years from the commencement of the war 
that hostilities ceased, and the independence of Holland was 
acknowledged by Spain. 



»s^ 



Catch not too soon at an offense, nor too easily give way U> 
anger; the one shows a weak judgment, the other a perverse 
nature. 



If you would be safe and happy, act when temijted according 
to the resolutions you mnde when blessed. 



k^lt- 



shJJj^ 



CrU^EIsriLE! II^STI^TJOTOI?/. 



107 



h: 



TsaroK^Y OIF 

O HITJ K/O HI. 



T h: E 



LUKE Johnson was chosen one of the Twelve Apostles when 
that quorum was first organized at Kirtland, Ohio. He 
afterwards fell into darkness and was cut off from the Chureh. 
John E. Page was chosen an Apostle in his stead. When 
Luke came to Nauvoo for the purpose of making confession and 
joining the Church again, he heard that Page was there. He 
did not, however, know that Page was an apostate. He thought 
that, as he had been ordained in his stead, he would call upon 
him and have some conversation with him. Page did not 
recognize him. "Why don't you know me?" said Luke. 
"No," replied Page. " You are my successor in office," con- 
tinued Luke, "and I am come to call you to an account for your 
stewardship." Page colored up and hung his head. Luke 
Johnson had intended to have an innocent joke with him ; but 
in place of a joke it proved a most cutting condemnation to 
Page, the more so because Luke was ignorant of Page's real 
position. 

The exposure to which the Saints were subjected while 
encamped at Sugar Creek, and afterward while traveling from 
that point westward after the spring opened, was very great. 
They were imperfectly clothed, the wagons were only partly 
covered, and many had no tents, food also in home instances 
was scarce. Their condition was in many respects a dreadful 
one. The cold had been so severe while they were encamped 
at Sugar Creek that the Mississippi river was frozen over ; 
they were also exposed to fierce winds and to snow; and, after- 
wards, when the winter broke, they were often drenched to the 
skin with rain which poured down in torrents, and soaked the 
ground so thoroughly that it made traveling very laborious and 
trying to man and beast, and frequently tents had to be pitched 
in the mud, as there was no dry spot to be found. These hard- 
ships would have been unbearable to a people who had suffered 
less than the Saints. But they had endured so much at the 
hands of the wicked that they were glad to get away from them 
and leave them to themselves. The mob had killed their 
beloved Prophet and Patriarch and many of their brethren, 
they had burned their houses and other property, had mobbed 
and harassed them and had continually sought the jives of the 
Apostles and other servants of God. They would not suffer 
the Saints to live in peace and worship their God accord- 
ing to His commandments. On this account Nauvoo and the 
surrounding country, though filled with rich farms and beauti- 
ful and comfortable homes, had no attraction for a people who 
loved their rehglon as the Saints did ; and, therefore, they 
f:ladly left all their pleasant places, and started into the wilder- 
ness. The fatigue, exposure and hardships they endured there 
were sweetened by the calm, undisturbed worship of God. 
Peace reigned in their bosoms, in their wagons and tents, and 
in the camp, and they were happy. The Lord gave them 
strength according to their day; He poured out His Spirit upon 
them, and the wlldei-ness had no terrors for them. They joy- 
fully pressed forward, confident that He would lead them to a 
land where they would be far removed from their former 
enemies, and where they could dwell in peace and safety. 

Li looking back at those days from our present standpoint, 
how plainly is the hand of God seen in all the events that then 
transpired! The mob thought they were achieving great vic- 
tories over the Saints in killing some of them, destroying their 
property, harassing them and striving to take the lives of 
President Young and the other Apostles. When they had 
forced them to leave Nauvoo they rejoiced exceedingly. Like 
the Jews who killed the Lord Jesus, they thought they had 
gained a wonderful victory; but, like the Jews, they little 
thought that their acts would be overruled in such a way that 




they would strengthen and help forward the cause they were 
designed to destroy. Yet so it was. How many of the Saints, 
do you think, possessed sufficient faith to leave a country where 
they were thriving, multiplying comforts around them and 
growing wealthy, and where they were not disturbed or threat- 
ened in their worship of God ? Especially to start out into the 
wilderness, and endure all the privations of a long journey into 
a desert land. Many would have been reluctant to have done 
so ; many more would probably have refused to do so ; and it 
is likely that but few would have had faith enough to have 
started and gone through. But the conduct of the mob made 
every true Latter-day Saint feel glad to have the opportunity to 
leave Nauvoo. It was looked upon by such as a privOege to go 
westward. So that you see God overrules the conduct of the 
wicked for good. He leaves to them their agency to do good 
or to do evil as they may choose ; but orders the results so that 
His purposes are fulfilled and His name glorified. The vyicked 
acts of the mob had the effect to prepare the Saints for the 
journey before them, to make them enter upon it gladly and to 
endure it patiently. But are there any thanks due to the mob? 
No ; they intended to destroy the work of God, and He will 
hold them accountable and punish them severely for their wick- 
ed and cruel conduct. The Saints had the right, under the 
constitution and laws, to live in peace ; they had bought and 
paid for their lands, and were entitled to all the blessings and 
privileges of the country and government. But their enemies 
saw that they were prospering ; they became envious of them ; 
they determined to uproot them, and the results of that attempt 
are before us. 

Notwithstanding the exposure, the people generally were 
healthy ; there were but few deaths. Elder Orson Spencer was 
called upon to part with his beloved companion, the wife of his 
youth and the mother of his children. A nephew of President 
Young, Edwin Little, was also called away. He was attacked 
with fever and cold on his lungs, at Sugar Creek. 

A circumstance occurred after the camp reached Richardson's 
Point, which, if related, m?.y be of interest to our readers. 
One of the brethren left Camp to go back and bring forward a 
load for one of the Saints. After starting, one of bis horses 
sickened and he had to stop. He and one of the brethren who 
was with him were prompted to lay hands on him. They did 
so, and the horse recovered immediately. After traveling about 
two miles the horse was again attacked and more violently than 
before. They tried to give him medicine, but could not get him 
to take it. He lay as if dead. One of the brethren, however, 
said that he thought there was still breath in him, and proposed 
to lay hands on him. Some of those present doubted the pro- 
priety of laying hands on an animal ; they scarcely thought it 
right. The owner of the liorse quoted the words of the prophet 
Joel, that in the last days the Lord would jiour out His spirit 
on all flesh. This quotation satisfied them, and six of them laid 
their hands on him, prayed for his recovery, rebuked the evil 
influence that was preyiug upon him and commanded it to 
depart. The horse immediately rolled over twice, sprang to his 
ieet and was soon well. The next morning he was harnessed, 
helped draw a good load and worked as well as ever. That was 
a time when a horse was very necessary for service ; the people 
had none to spare, and no money to buy more , the brethren 
who were there doubtless felt that they were in a strait ; they 
exercised great faith and the horse was healed. 
(2o be Continued.) 



fNoTK liv THE Editor. — In the History of the Church pub- 
lished in the last number (13) iu speaking of the camp moving 
from Sugar Creek, it is stated that "on the first of January 
the camp renewed its journey, traveling in a north-westerly 
direction." 

This date should be on the first of March. \^y mistake the 
word January was printed in the stead of i\Iarch. ] 



-JC-* 



M 



B 



^ 



'J^ 



,^w- 



'f^ 



»p» 



*^^j lOS 



TTJ^EItTILEl IlsTSTI^/TJCTOI^, 







CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATUEDAY, JULY 6, 1872. 




T the city of Geneva, in Switzerland, there 
is now assembled what is termed a Board 
of luternational Arbitration, composed 
of leading statesmen of various countries 
of contiueutal Europe, for the purpose of 
eousideriiig and settling serious and diffi- 
cult international questions. 
The importance of the labors devolving 
upon this body of gentlemen can not be 
over estimated, for they are likely to affect 
future policy of and peace between all the 
civilized nations of the world. As a body of 
such an important character has, perhaps, never 
before assembled, and one whose labors are so 
full of interest and consequence, we propose to lay 
before our readers some account of the cause 
which has called them together, believing that they 
will fee! an interest in obtaining such information. 

"International" and ''arbitrators" are big words, 
but you who have made any progress in the study of 
the etymology of the English language, will find no 
difficulty in understanding them ; but for fear there should be 
any among you whose knowledge of this branch of the science 
nf language is too limited to enable you to comprehend them 
fully, wo shall explain them, for without this, the information 
wo design to convey about the Board and the object for which 
it has assembled, would not be so fully understood by you. 

'■ International" is composed of the prefix //t^er, meaning 
between, and "nation," and the entire word means, between 
nations. The word "arbitrate" means'to .ju>lge or decide, and 
arbitrators are men whoso Imsinoss it is to judge or decide upon 
matters brought bi'forc them for that jiurpose; and a Board of 
International Arbitration is, as you will now easily understand, 
a body of men assembled for the jiurpose of deciding matters in 
dispute between different nations. This is exactly the nature, 
and (he Imsiness, of the Board now assembled in Geneva. Now 
we will give 3'ou some idea of the reasons why they have been 
called together. 

You have all, most likely, heard of the War of the Kebcllion 
ill this country, which commenced in the year I860, in which 
.several of (he southern states took up arms a;;ainst the General 
Government, and endeavored to establish a separate and inde- 
pendent governnicnt for themselves. This war was one of the 
most gigantic and .'avago that ever was fought, and many hun- 
dred thousand lives were lost before the Southerners were 
reduced to submission ; and there is the best reason to believe 
that it was a good deal longer than it would have been, had the 
Southerners not received help, in shi|is of war, money, ammu- 
nition, firearms, provisions etc., from other nations; and the 
blip thus afforded was a violation of internati(5nal law. 

The last word but one you all already understand, so there is 
no need to say anything about it : ynu know that it means 
between nations; and international law means, of course, law 
between nations. This, however, will be better understood by 
you after a little exjilanation. 

You all, will readily perceive, aflir a moment's reflection, that 
all nations have their own laws, and that none but the people liv- 



' ing in those nations are bound to respect them. Thus, while 
the Congress of the United States pass laws which all living 
within United States territory are bound to respect, the people 
living in France are not expected to pay any attention to them ; 
and it is just so with laws passed by the government of France, 
or Switzerland, or any other nation — none but the people living 
under those respective governments are responsible for disobe- 
dience to their laws. 

Laws of this kind are called national laws ; but besides these, 
there are international laws, that is, laws which the various 
governments of the civilized world, in their several relations 
with each other, have mutually agreed to respect and observe. 
These laws relate to war, commerce, delivering up of criminals 
that may have fled from one country to another, the rights and 
privileges which the subjects of one power may enjoy within 
the territory of another, and other matters which can only be 
regulated by agreement of the nations themselves. 

Among the provisions of these international laws are many 
relating to war, one of which provides that, when one nation 
goes to war with another, no other nation, on friendly terms 
with the one going to war, shall supply its enemy with any kind 
of material that would help that enemy, in any way whatever. 
Any violation of this provision of international law is regarded 
as a serious matter, and in all such cases the nation offending is 
called to account for it. 

Now, the war between the northern acid southern states was 
not between two different nations, but the General Government 
was compelled to fight to bring a portion of its own rebellious 
people into subjection ; and whenever, in such a case, a friendly 
power shall in any way help the rebellious, it is regarded as one 
of the most flagrant violations of international law imaginable ; 
and this was precisely the course taken b.y Great Britain in the 
great contest between the two sections of the United States, for 
although seemingly on the best terms with the United States 
government, she gave a great deal of aid to the South, consist- 
ing of ships of war, firearms, ammunition, provisions and 
money ; and through the help thus obtained great injury was 
done to American commerce, and the war was thereby uadoubt- 
edly prolonged a considerable length of time. 

This help was not given directly, by the British government, 
but British shipbuilders built and sold ships of war to the 
South, and British merchants sold their wares to the rebels, and 
that government did not attempt to prevent it, or if it did it 
was a very poor attempt, and might as well not have been made. 
Among the ships thus obtained by the South was the notorious 
cruiser, the -l/«7)«;)!«, and this gave rise to what you have no 
doubt often seen mentioned iu the jiajiers — the Alabama 
claims. 

The government of this country protested against the course 
of England, but the protests were unheeded for a long time, 
and there is not much doubt that, had the war at home not been 
on such an enormous scale, war agaiust Great ]?ritain would 
have been declared, However, (here was another way to make 
England smart for her very unfriendly and unjust course, and 
that was to make her pa.v for the damage done by the ships she 
sold to the South, and the cost of the war, the extra time the 
help she gave caused it to be prolonged. 

^'^ery soon after the close of the war, in 1S65, this subject 
was urged by the United States upon the attention of the Brit^ 
ish government, and claims for damages were pressed ; but 
Great Britain, knowing that the cost of her meanness would be 
enormous, sought to put the matter oft' and made light of it. 
But the fact was unmistakeable that the U. S. government had 
just and very serious cause for complaint, and its right to com- 
pensation could not be disputed. Public opinion in all civilized 
nations, on this point was with the United States and against 
Great Britain, and finally, seeing that she must either pay, or, 
in any future war she might have on hand, expect the same 
treatment from, as she had given to, America, she sent some of 



■^^ 



O'TJ'VEiTIIjE] IITSTI^TJOTOI?.. 



109 ^^^ 



her leading statesmen to Washington, D. C., and they, in con- 
sultation with representatives of this government, drew up what 
is known as the Treaty of Washington, in which it was agreed 
that the claims of the United States, with certain oiF-sets which 
Great Britain might present, should be submitted to aBoard of 
International Arbitration, consisting of distinguished gentle- 
men, none of whom should be either Americans or Britons, and 
that whatever the judgment, or arbitration might be, which 
they rendered, whether for or against the claims of either of 
the nations in dispute, it should bo abided by. 

This Board assembled at Geneva a few weeks ago, and judg- 
ing by the accounts received by telegraph, everything seems to 
promise a speedy close to its labors. 



WE have on previous occasions suggested the projiriety of 
introducing the Instructor into Sabbath schools through- 
out the Territory, from which to teach the children. A great 
many superintendents and teachers of schools, from a conviction 
of the good that would result, or from reading our suggestions, 
have adopted it, and the reports of its use that we receive from 
such are highly gratifying. V/^e purpose making still further 
improvements in it, that greater benefits may be derived from 
its use in schools. For some years the superintendents of 
the Sabbath schools in Provo, American Fork and several 
other settlements of the Territory have taken a lively inter- 
est in the Instructor and raised numbers of Bubseribers to 
it among their scholars, and taught classes from it in their 
fchools. 

Brother J. E. Booth, one of the teachers of Provo, writes 
to us under a late date in the following encouraging strain : 

"To judge from what I see and hear, in the Sabbath and 
day schools, the Instructor is well appreciated here by ' The 
hope of Israel,' and with the encouragement they get from 
their teachers, in asking questions to which the answers are to 
be found in it. Its pages seem to be perused with an interest 
that is almost astonishing. 

" I asked a question of a class of about twenty-five, most of 
whom are bordering on twelve years of age, but did not tell 
them where the answer could be found, but instinctively 
almost they seemed to examine the Juvenile, and the time 
appointed for the answer brought it from all but two or three, 
and I believe their parents do not take this paper, and nearly 
half of them had taken notes on the subject. 

" I think a man is very much at fault if he has a family and 
does not furnish them the Juvenile to read ; and I see no 
reason why it should not be taken for the benefit of adults as well 
as children, if it does have a youthful name. I never read a 
number of it yet in which I did not find some fact worth remem- 
bering that I did not know before. 

" If the young men who spend their money to treat their 
friends to drink would use it in taking this paper and giving it 
to poor children to read, the benefits that would arise from it in 
one year could not be compared to money, nor computed by 
figures, as it would prove an eternal blessing to them, and thus 
they would bs ' Laying up treasures in heaven, where neither 
moth nor dust doth corrupt.' " 



BE"WJ^K.E. 



A little theft, a small deceit, 

Too often leads to more ; 

'Tis hard at firet, but tempts the feet. 

As through an open door. 

Just as the broadest rivers run 

From small and distant springs, 

The greatest crimes that men have done, 

Have grown from little things. 



yi^ 



Selected. 



IT IS nVEu^IDE. 



AKECENT number of an eastern paper, called the Aimrkan 
iSportsTnayi, has an article telling the way gunpowder is 
made ; and as the account is interesting we thought that for 
the information of our boy readers, we would write an article 
for the Juvenile giving the substance of the above. The 
boys may therefore understand that this is written especially 
for them, not but that the girls may read it if they choose ; but 
such a subject is not likely to be interesting to them, for we 
never knew a girl who took any delight in using gunpowder, 
but we never knew a boy who did not. There seems to be a 
strange fascination about this very dangerous compound to the 
rising generation of the masculine gender, and this fondness is 
manifested, whenever any holiday or festival comes round in 
the firing of pistols, small cannons, fire crackers, and other 
things of a like nature. There would be no objection to this 
sport, if the boys were as careful in using gunpowder as the 
nature of the material renders necessary. But it is seldom 
that you find boys of the gunpowder-loving age who are 
noted for being careful; as a general thing they are then 
very thoughtless and fond of mischief, in fact they are in the 
very prime of boyhood, and fun and frolic are everything to 
them. 

This is very natural, and not to be regretted, only sometimes 
their carelessness, when playing with gunpowder, leads to 
serious and fatal results. Some of you may have seen or heard 
of accidents of this kind, such as being badly burned, having a 
bone broken, a finger blown ofi^, or something of the sort. One 
happened in Salt Lake City only a few days since. A little 
boy, while playing with a small flask of powder, exploded it, 
badly burning himself, and injuring his eyes and one of his 
hands. If so much care is necessary to prevent danger with 
very small quantities how do you think it is where tons of it 
are manufactured and stored ? 

The fact is that gunpowder and firearms are among the 
things that boys, because of their carelessness, never should 
play with ; but to preach to them about being careful is about 
as useless as to try to put salt on a bird's tail while it is flj'ing. 
The old saying is, "You cannot put old heads on young 
shoulders," and they who try it with youngsters will always 
fail. But we have no intention of preaching to you; just now 
we wish to tell you how gunpowder is made, for the most of 
you like it so well, you, perhaps, would like to know how it is 
made, and what it is made of. And the process really is inter- 
esting. 

Some of j'ou may already know that gunpowder is a combina- 
tion of charcoal, saltpetre and sulphur, none of them particularly 
dangerous when u.sed alone, but when properly combined and 
made into gunpowder, they form one of the most dangerous 
materials kuown in the world. The proportion of these three 
articles for making gunpowder, varies slightly in different 
countries, but speaking in general terms, it is three-quarters of 
saltpetre, and half a quarter each of brimstone and charcoal ; 
or, in a hundred parts, seventy-five of the first and twelve and 
a half parts of each of the others. Now for a short sketcli of 
the way they are mixed and transforuied into gunpowder. 

At a powder manufactory or mill, each of these ingredients is 
kept in a house by itself, and while thus separate there is no 
danger ; but when they are mixed for grinding the danger 
begins. In the mixing house there is a very large millstone, 
which turns round on an iron bed, on which the proper propor- 
tions of brimstone, charcoal and saltiietre are jilaced, three or 
four inches deep. The millstone is turned by water power, and 
when it is set in motion all hands leave the place, for fear of an 
explosion, for the least spark will cause one, and you all know 
how ca.sy it is to make a spark by striking together a piece of 
iron and a piece of rock. 




J'TJ'VEinsriLE IltTSTi^TJOTOI?/. 



When the grinding process is completed the unfinished gun- 
powder is taken from the bed in hard cakes, ■which are taken 
into another house, to be crushed or ground, and separated into 
the small grain, of which when using it you have no doubt 
seen that gunpowder is composed. This crushing is done in a 
mill ; and though this part of the work is as dangerous as the 
last, the hands have to watch it very carefully. 

To prevent, as far as possible, the likelihood of accidents 
while crushing and separating, the floor of this house is covered 
with leather, and every man working there has to wear rubbers 
on his feet, so that no sparks may be caused by the friction of 
walking. As the powder is ground, it passes through a num- 
ber of sieves of different degrees of fineness, and is reground 
and sieved until the grains are of the right size, when it is 
shovelled up with wooden shovels, for the next process — that 
of the stoving house. 

In the stoving house, which is kept so hot that uo workmen 
stay in it, the powder is thoroughly dried on wooden trays, and 
from thence it goes to the packing house, where it is put up in 
kegs and canisters. It is finally carried to the storehouse, 
where it is safely packed. The roof of the storehouse is an 
immense water-tank, kept constantly filled with water ; and no 
one can enter this house without passing through water, for as 
you go to the door of it you have to wade through several shal- 
low tanks of water. All these precautions are absolutely neces- 
pary in order to prevent danger of accidents ; and notwithstand- 
ing all the caution used, explosions sometimes happen, and the 
labor of years is destroyed in a moment ; and so great is the 
sense of danger felt by those who work in a powder mill, that 
it is said they are never known to laugh while at work, and 
always have a very serious expression of countenance, as if 
laboring under a sense of impending and terrible danger. Who, 
when knowing the risk, would want to work in a powder houscV 
Yet hundreds do, for the wages are high, and the hours of 
labor short. 



AATHI^^T Oj^nVEE OIF" IT. 

{Concluded.) 



»'y^ 



MARCH came and went. April breathed her mild air on 
the snow-drifts, and melted them all away. The merry 
summer months came at last, and the world w-is full of bloom, 
and odors, and freshness ; but the sweetest comfort of all the 
summer to Mrs. Hathaway was the Uttle rainbow-hued patch 
under the sunny south-windows. It was such a new thing to 
her to have flowers in her yard, and she loved them so. 

"They seem to glorify the old place," she said. 

The boys were up an hour earlier mornings, in their com- 
bined efiForts to keep the weeds from strangling their lovely pets. 
Then they trained vines over the windows, forming a pretty 
background for their plat ; and Mrs. Hathaway, who had never 
known the comfort of blinds since she came to live in the plain, 
comfortless home, sat in their cool shadow, and sewed, through 
the sultry afternoons, while the summer air cooled her heated 
forehead, and tumbled her fair, brown hair. 

Over and over again, she blessed her boys for thinking of 
this, and wondered what she could do without them, any way. 
Their father found no cause to grumble over neglected tasks 
for their mother always performed little forgotten duties her- 
self, when they failed, and so hid their faults from their father's 
eyes. 

One July afternoon, Jerome and Charley Winthrop, two of 
the neighbor's boy.?, leaned over Mr. Hathaway's gate, and 
called to Lee ; 

"Halloo, Lee! Don't you want to go over to the pond, fish- 
ing? There is a boat there now, and we can row down to the 
river and have a swim in the cove. What do you say ?" 




Lee hesitated. No one but a boy knows what a temptation 
it was ; and he loved so to fish. It wasn't often he had such a 
chance, and his father had given him that afternoon to do as he 
liked with it. He believed he would go ; so he dropped his 
weeding-knife, and started for his hook and line. 

As he came back, he spied his mother among the raspberry- 
bushes, and he turned back and laid his tackle upon the shelf 
again. 

"I can't ,go this afternoon, boys; come to think, I promised 
mother I would transplant some asters, to-day; but I would 
like to go right well." 

"I'm sorry you can't go," said Jerome. "Give me one of 
those red flowers, will you'l" 
Lee picked one of the prettiest, and, handing it to him, said : 
"Why don't you have a flower-bed, Jerome?" 
"Father says it's nonsense; and he even plowed up the 
daffodils, in the spring. I did tease him for one ; but he sham- 
ed me out of it. I like to work in flowers, tool" said the boy 
dolefully. 

A few minutes after, they crossed the hill, and were out of 
sight, while Lee worked away, whistling a tune. 

Two hours later, the sultry sun had slipped behind a threaten- 
ing cloud, and there was promise of a heavy shower. The 
thunder muttered sullenly, and little zigzag tongues of flame 
hissed at each other in the gray sky, and the great drops rattled 
down. 

By-and-by, there was a lull. Just then, one of the village 
girls ran by, white and breathless. 
" What's the matter?', shouted Lee. 

"Oh, something terrible!" gasped the girl. "Jerome and 
Charley Winthrop are both drowned in the pondl" 
And the child ran on, with a terrified heart and swift feet. 
The slate he had been using dropped from Lee's hand ; and 
his mother, with a face bleached with terror and with grief, 
caught him in her arms and strained him to her, for, swift as an 
arrow, the thought pierced to her heart what might have been 
but for the little patch of flowers, the love of which had kept 
her boy safe from danger and from death. 

That night, two white and beautiful corpses lay side by side, 
in the desolate house of Eichard Winthrop; and a frantic 
mother covered their mute lips with kisses, and gathered their 
shining hair tenderly in her covetous hands. 

Only a little way from this house of sorrow was another 
home, where Mr. Hathaway sat, with a boy on either knee, 
stroking their cheeks with a tenderness he had never showu 
befbre ; while Minnie hung over the back of his chair. He had 
learned a new lesson, and his grateful, softened heart was say- 
ing it o'er and o'er, lie was not a demonstrative man ; but he 
was not without love for the boys. When he thought how 
nearly he had come to losing them, it awoke all the fatherly love 
and tenderness within him. 

"Mary," said her husband, softly, and in a broken voice, as 
he leaned over her chair, when she had come from putting her 
precious children in bed, " I have been harsh with you and the 
children always. You have been a patient wife, and they have 
been good children ; but I can't remember many loving words 
from me, in return for it ail. Oh, Mary, what a blessed wife 
and mother you have always been! I see it all, to-night, and 
will begin over again, please God!" And the softened husband 
ran his hand through his wife's hair, so early threaded with 
white. 

" You have never meant to be unkind, George," said his wife, 
leaning her cheek lovingly on his hand ; "only a little thought- 
less, as all have bsen often. But, dear, flowers are as useful 
as potatoes, in their places ; and, oh, what a wonderful blessing 
they have proven to us, my husband!" 

And, after that, the little flower-patch was kept bright with 
the choicest bloom, the summer round. 

Selected. 




w 



CTTJ^EIsriXjE II^STie,TJOTOI2/. 



Ill 




[ For the Juvenile Instructor. 






H:YIDK.0G.i^K/B02Sr.-lT0- 8.- 
O^OTJ-rCHIOTJG. 



BUT a few years ago this substance, known as india-rubber, 
was only used for rubbing out pencU marks ; although it 
was quite common for children at that time to "chew" rubber, 
much iu the same way that many now, both children and adults, 
chew gum. The object then in chewing gum (india-rubber) 
was to make it plastic ; for, by mastication, this gum loses its 
elasticity and is capable of being molded into any desired shape. 

This substance when unadulterated is a pure hydrocarbon, 
in many respects resembling gutta-percha; for instance, it is 
insoluble in water, alcohol, dilute acids and alkalies. It is also 
soluble in many of the hydrocarbons ; and, in some of them, it 
does not lose its elastic qualities when the menstruum in which 
it is dissolved is evaporated. Dissolved in turpentine, itself a 
pure hydrocarbon, it forms the basis of many "waterproof 
dressings," that is, solutions for making textile fabrics water- 
proof. 

India-rubber is obtained from South America and Oriental 
India, and is prepared from the juice of certain trees. The juice 
of poppies, lettuce, and of other plants that have a mUky-looking 
viscid sap is said to contain caoutchouc. Kubber, as brought 
into the market is called "native rubber," sometimes "bottle 
rubber," because it is frequently in the shape of rude looking 
bottles, some of which are formed like animals and shoes, by the 
natives who collect the juice. To make these "bottles" the 
juice is covered over a piece of clay of the required shape ; 
when the rubber is hard enough several coats are given in the 
same manner until the desired thickness is attained. The clay 
is then removed from the inside by softening it in water. 

Caoutchouc becomes very hard at low temperatures, but never 
brittle ; on warming it it becomes soft and elastic, hence, tub- 
ing, cording and fabrics made of this substance may be made 
pliable in winter by heat. But, when rubber is combined with 
sulphur, it is not affected by temperature, it is then said to be 
"vulcanized." Vulcanization, or sulphuration is supposed to 
be the result of a chemical union of the elements of the rubber 
with sulphur ; if a sheet of rubber is placed in melted sulphur, 
although sulphur is absorbed, no chemical change takes place 
until a very high temperature causes combination. 

There is another mode of combining sulphur with rubber, to 
effect which a very hard paste of these substances is made, 
which, upon being baked at a higher temperature and for a 
longer time than in ordinary vulcanization, becomes extremely 
hard, resembling horn in appearance and toughness; this is 
extensively used in making combs, rings, pins, bracelets and 
other fancy articles which are frequently called gutta-percha by 
the public, and, by the trade are known as "ebonite" or "vul- 
canite." 

The cause of difference in color of manufactured rubber arises 
from the incorporation of certain pigments with the paste of 
which they are made; waterproof goods, also, owe their color to 
the presence of powders used to give "body," or consistence, 
as well as "finish," or elegance of appearance to the surface. 

The manufacture of caoutchouc is largely carried on in this 
country, the fabrication of galoshes alone is making America 
famous in this branch of human industry. "India-rubbers," 
with which we are all familiar, are made of this gum ; they are 
marvelous evidences of the adaptability of natural substances to 
the use of man, and of the skill that man has attained to in 
applying one among many of them. 



Jeffrey's marine glue, an extremely cohesive substance, is 
made of caoutchouc and shellac dissolved in coal-tar naphtha, 
Mackintosh was the first to discover the secret of dissolving 
rubber and applying it for waterproofing garments, hence, 
waterproof cloaks were for a long time called "Mackintoshes." 
The ordinary waterproof dressing contains other substances 
besides rubber, such as linseed oil and proportions of lead ; it 
is said that a discovery has been made of a substitute for india - 
rubber. Beth. 






PUGILISM is not an elegant subject to talk about to boys, 
neither is it very useful; but then, some information 
respecting the "manly art of self-defence" in ancient and modem 
times, may not be uninteresting, for boys and men of all ages, 
almost without exception, take pleasure in beholding or parti- 
cipating in athletic sports and games, no matter how rough they 
may be. 

We suppose that most of you know that the term pugilism is 
the name given to that pursuit which, in more homely phrase 
is called boxing, or fighting with the fists— a business which is fol- 
lowed by quite a number of men both in the United States and 
England, who are trained for the purpose, just as in old times, 
among the Greeks and Romans, men used to be trained to 
wrestle with each other, also to fight with each other and with 
wild beasts. 

Pugilism is one of the most brutal pursuits imaginable, and 
respectable men never engage in it, though it is quite common 
in England, or rather was a few years ago, for it is dying 
out now, for lords and gentlemen of high standing, and even 
clergymen, to attend "prize fights," that is, contests between 
these trained pugilists. But as a general thing such exhibitions 
are occasions for the assembling together only of thieves, black- 
guards and bad characters of every kind. 

The combatants fight, not quite naked, but nearly so, in fact 
naked from the waist up, and with flesh-colored lights, or 
pants on. Before they fight they undergo a long course of 
training, to strengthen them, to develop their muscles, and to 
do everything that can be done to make them hard, and able to 
give or take a tremendous number of heavy blows. The 
artistic part of this brutal business is for each one to fence and 
parry the blows of his opponent, just as swordsmen do when 
using their weapons. Sometimes these encounters last for 
several hours, during which one or other, and sometimes both, 
of the pugilists, are so fearfully disfigured that their nearest 
friends could not recognize them, and they, helpless and some- 
times insensible, have to be carried away from the battle 
ground. 

These battles take place in a "ring," that is, a piece of 
ground laid out with ropes and stakes like a circle, on the out- 
side of which stand the spectators. Each of the "bruisers," as 
they are technically called, is attended by a "second," to help 
him when knocked down, or to hold him on his knee to rest, 
between the " rounds." What is meant by a "round" is this : 
the men strike each other until one is knocked down or is mo- 
mentarily disabled or fatigued, then a rest is taken for a few 
seconds. When the time allowed for resting is up, the time- 
keeper calls "time," and the fight is kept up until one or other 
of the men fails to renew the fight when "time" is called, and 
whichever does this is the loser of the fight. 

There is not much in all this to instruct, or impart useful 
information to the minds of youth, and that is the chief aim of 
the Juvenile Instructor ; and we should never have thought 
of putting anything of the kind in its pages, only for the fact 
that, for two nights, two or three weeks since, a "sparring" 




f 



IjK 






FVp 



J- TJ "V E IN" I L E inSTSTi^-TJOTOIS/ 






exhibition was given in the Salt Lake Theatre, in which Jem 
Mace, the "Champion of England," and two or three others, 
his fighting friends, jjarticipated. 

We just now used the word " sparring," which some of you, 
perhaps, may not understand. To explain it, we will say that 
these trained men frequently give exhibitions of their skill in 
striking and parrying blows, when not fighting in earnest. 
They go through the motions just as if they were, and this kind 
of a show is called "sparring." To prevent the blows given 
while "sparring" from hurting each other, the men wear very 
large, stuffed gloves made of buckskin. 

The principal man in the exhibitions given at the Theatre in 
this city — Jem Mace, is called "Champion of England," because, 
although he has fought a large number of battles, he has 
beaten every man that ever stood before him ; and he will 
retain this title until somebody gives him a thrashing. 

Prize lights have been very common in England, for scores 
of years, and they are always likely to remain so, for you rarely 
find a native of Britain who thinks of fighting with anything 
but his fists. In all their quarrels one with another, the blow 
with the fist is the first thing. In other countries of Europe 
and also in this country, this is not so much so, the knife and 
the pistol being more frequently resorted to than the fist. 
During the last few years, however, "prize fighting" has 
received a good deal of encouragement in this country ; and in 
consequence of this, some of the leading ''bruisers" of the old 
country are seeking homes and fortunes here, and the most 
noted of them take occasional trips round the country, giving 
"sparring" exhibitions; and while on one of these trips Mr. 
Mace and his friends called at Salt Lake. 

As we have already said, this is one of the most vulgar and 
brutal callings, and no words can be too strong to use in con- 
demning it. But low, brutal and vile as it is, it was practiced, 
encouraged and delighted in by the ancient Greeks, who have the 
name of being the most elegant and refined people that ever 
lived. With all their elegance and refinement, however, they 
always took a pride in developing physical strength, and 
in any game or exercise that gave a chance for exhibiting 
proofs of its pos.=ession. This taste is also largely shared by 
the Anglo-Saxon race; and, as among the ancient Greeks 
it degenerated into prize fighting, so it has among the Anglo- 
Saxons. 

( To he continued. ) 



The Turkish N.vtion. — Gohlcrt, the best and latest author- 
ity, says the population of European Turkey is 15,242,000. 
Of these only 700,000 are Turks, of whom only 200,000 are in 
Constantinople, and the entire race is constantly decreasing, 
from their abominable and unmentionable social crimes. On 
the score of nationality, then, the claims of the Turks to rule 
disappear at once. Gohlcrt distributes the remainder as fol- 
lows: Bulgarians, 4,000,000; Wallachs, 4,500,000; Greeks, 
1,200,000; Albanians, 1,500,000; Bosnians and Croats, 1,100,- 
000; Servians, 1,500,000; Montenegrins, 29,000; Gipsies, Jews, 
Circassians, etc., wjmpose the remainder. Greece itself has 
l,3oO,000. Add Greeks and Albanians together (for Hahn and 
Camarda have proved them to be of the same origin, and they 
coalesce), and we have 4,0.;0,0()U; so that, on the score of race, 
the sovereignty would still fall to the Wallachs. But add the 
Greeks of the Archipelago (2,500,000), and those along the 
shore of Asia Minor who ardently desire to be united to 
Greece (200,000), and the Greeks would then have a right to 
the empire, for they would number 8,5^0,000. A Greek 
empire could be formed in the shape of a crescent along the 
shores of the ^Egean, with all the thousand island stars included 
within its bonis, and StamboiJ for its capital, which would 
contain twice as many Greeks as people of any other nationality, 
and more Greeks than of all others together. 



S$I$cl$& ^odu^» 



i?.o:m:e ■W"J^^S2^^'T built 
I3sr j^ JDj^ir. 



The boy who does a stroke and stops 

Will never a great man tic ; 
'Tis the aggregate of shigle drops 

That makes the sea the sea. 

The mountain was not at its birth 

A mountain, so to speak ; 
The little atoms of sand and earth 

Have made its peak a peak. 

Not all at once the morning streams 

The gold above the eray ; 
'Tis a thousand little yellow gleams 

That make the day the day. 

Not from the snow-drift May awakes 

In puiples, reds and greens ; 
Spring's whole bright retinue it takes 

To make her queen of queens. 

Upon the orchard rain must fall, 

And soak from root to root, 
And blossoms bloom and fade withal, 

Before the fruit is fruit. 

Tlie farmer needs must sow and till, 
And wait the wheaten bread ; 

Then cradle, thresh and go to mill, 
Before the bread is bread. 

Swift heels may get the early shout. 

But, spite of all the din, 
ft is the patient holding out 

That makes the winner win. 

Make this your motto, then, at start, 

'Twill help to smooth the way, 
And steady up lioth hand and heart, 
" Rome wasn't liuilt in a day!" 



[For the JuveniU Instructor. 

G h: J^ I?. 7^ ID E , 



71 T M O I! O N I SNOW. 



I am composed of 11 letters; 

My .'5, 0, 7, is a kind of meat ; 

My 9, I), 3, is something made from pitch ; 

My 1, 3, 3, 4, 5, is a point of the conipas.s; 

My G, 1, 11, was a queen of England ; 

My 9, 10, 2, 4, !>, is something used in eating; 

My 8, 3, 4, fi, 9, 10, is a vegetable ; 

My whole is a town In Massachusetts. 



The Answer to the Charade in Number Twelve is EEYK- 
JAVICK. Correct solutions have been received from Joseph 
Tingey, James II. Anderson and Hilda Dehlin, Salt Lake City. 

CrXJ^^EITirjE IITSTI^TJCTOI?. 

I» published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum $2 50. 

tSf Grain brought to this City for the Juvfnilk Instructor will be 
leoeived at the office of our paper— Ukskkkt New.s Buii.dinos. 



^ 



A^ 



