
VOL. XIX. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 15, 1884. 



NO. 10. 



JOHN HO\VARD, THE PHILANTHROPIST. 




^ 



See Next Paoe. 




146 



crTJ"^rEinsriLEi i:lt3ti^tjotoi^. 




JOHN 



HCWARD. THE 
THROPIST. 



PHILAN- 



SHAKESPEARE says, "Some are born great, some achieve 
greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them." 

The truth of this saying depends upon what can be called 
greatness. If the possession of riches alone constitutes great- 
ness, then it is a fact that some are heirs to it, and are, there- 
fore, "born great." Or, if it merely consists of the holding 
of executive authority or power, then it must be admitted 
that "some have greatness thrust upon them." But the only 
ones who can be truly called great are they who have achieved 
greatness by their noble acts. Nor can it be said that all who 
have attained to eminence and fame are, in the true sense of 
the word, great men. There are many who have been distin- 
guished for the firm stand they have taken and the bravery 
they have exhibited in the cause for which they have labored; 
but, alas! how often have they chosen a cause that is unworthy 
of praise ! The warrior who goes forth to battle, not for the 
defen.se of human liberty, but only to gratify his own ambition 
and love of fame, may have admirers who will applaud him 
for his acts: but, in the minds of wise and thinking men, he 
will ever be considered a vain, ignoble despot. 

But there are many who have spent their lives in laboring 
for the benefit of humanity, and whose works have proved a 
blei^sing to mankind. Such men deserve to be honored as 
great, and their names will live in the thankful hearts of mil- 
lions of their fellow-beings. Such a character was John How- 
ard, the prison reformer, a sketch of whose life and labors 
we will briefly present herewith. 

The place and date of Howard's birth is somewhat uncer- 
tain. But, on a monument which was erected in honor of 
hiai, it is stated that he was born at Hackney, in the county 
of Middlesex, England, on the IJth oi' September, 1726. 

Howard's father had accumulated a fortune as a London 
merchant, and had retired from business before his son was 
born. Young Howard was .sent to school, first at Hertford, 
where he made but little advancement, and was afterwards 
removed to a school in I^ondon; but his progress here was 
rather slow, and on his leaving school at the age of sixteen 
years, he was in pos.session of but a meagre .scholastic educa- 
tion; however, he was tolerably well informed. His father 
intended that he should follow the same vocation as the one 
he had followed— that of a merchant. He was accordingly 
apprenticed to a wholesale grocery firm in London. Unlike 
apprentices in this country who are bound to their employers, 
he received no pay for hi-< labors; but, on the other hand, his 
father advanced the sum of £700, or nearly $.i,.0OO, to his 
employers for their labors in initiating him into the various 
branches of the business. But, for this amount, he was also 
allowed some extra privileges as an ajiprentice. But these 
indulpencies cau.sed hiui to di>like the mercantile bu.siness, 
and, at the first opportunity presented, he obtained his free- 
dom from apprenticeship. 

In 174'2. his father died, leaving his property to be divided 
between his only children, a .son and daughter. With some 
of the means thus obtained, Howard purcha.scd his liberty 
from the firm which he was .serving. As .soon as he became 
of age he set out to make a tour in France and Italy, being 
absent nearly two years. 

From his childhood, Howard was of a frail constitutioo, 
and, although his health was considerably icSproved by travel- 
ing, he was still an invalid. On this account he retired to a 




little country village, near London, to recuperate. While 
here he suffered with an attack of nervous fever. 

During his illness he had received the greatest attention 
from his landlady, whom, although more than double his age, 
he afterwards married. Three years after marriage she died. 
This was a severe blow to her husband, and he sought consola- 
tion in traveling. 

The great earthquake of 17-5.5, which caused the city of Lis- 
bon to sink, occurred about this time, and Howard was anxious 
to visit the scene of this terrible event. 

France and England were then at war with each other, and 
the vessel in which he embarked was captured by a French 
privateer, and the crew and passengers were taken prisoners 
and cast into a dungeon, where they suffered severely for want 
of food. After a time Howard obtained his release from prison, 
and returned to his home in Cardington, Bedfordshire. Here 
he devoted his time to works of benevolence. It was his aim 
to improve the condition of the poorer classes in the town in 
which he resided. In 1758 he married a second time, and he 
and his wife, by their united efforts, did much to relieve the 
.sufferings of humanity in their neighborhood. He built com- 
fortable cottages on his estate which were occupied by some 
of the worthy poor, whom he helped to support by furnishing 
with constant employment and aiding them in giving their 
children an education. He also instituted regulations of dis- 
cipline among them to improve their morals. 

Another sad misfortune befel him in the year 1705, by which 
he lost Ills faithful and loving wife. 

But Howard's career as a prison reformer, by which he 
arose to such distinction, had not yet commenced. True he had 
done some little for the cause of charity, and had relieved, to 
some extent, the sufferings of the poorer classes in his own 
town; but the time was approaching when his labors of ben- 
evolence should extend over a much larger field. 

In 1773 he was appointed sheriff of the county in which 
he resided. His attention was soon drawn to the horrible con- 
dition of the prisons of England. He made a tour of inspec- 
tion through the several counties of England and Wales, visit- 
ing the prison-houses and witnessing the condition of their 
inmates. A description of the treatment received by the 
wretched prisoners, and of the miserable and filthy dungeons 
in which they had to eke out their existence, would be sicken- 
ing. In fact their sufferings were almo.st incredible. Many 
of the inmates were imprisoned for trivial offenses, and often 
they were innocent of crime. No wonder the tender feelings 
of this philanthrojiist were aroused, and his love for human- 
ity extended towards them. The labors of Howard came to 
the notice of some of the members of the British rarliament. 
A committee of inquiry was appointed, before which Howard 
was summoned to give evidence. The House of Commons 
afterwards honored him with a vote of thanks. 

Our readers will probably wonder how this philanthropist 
managed to effect a reformation of prison life in England. He, 
of cour.'e, did not have the power to release the convicts, nor did 
lie hold the right to authorize the jailors to make any changes; 
but his reports of the condition of the various prisons and their 
inmates, which he had visited, had a tendency to turn public 
opinion in favor of a reformation. The attention of the 
authorities of the different districts was called to the work, 
and, ere long, many of the jails were reconstructed and the 
inmates placed in better circumstance.s. But this was not all. 
Howard made several trips to the continent of Europe. He 
made it his business upon these trips to visit the places of con- 
finement for criminals in the different countries through which 





he traveled. He thereby obtained many important facts which 
greatly aided him in his design. He found that, in many 
of these prisons, the inmates were being educated and trained 
to work, and were required to be moral in their habits; while, 
in his native country, they were merely punished by confine- 
ment in filthy cells, and, instead of being reformed in their 
habits, they were nurtured in vice. 

As a result of his investigations, Howard collected together 
the facts he had gleaned, and had them publifhed, together 
with some wise suggestions. This book, "The State of Pris- 
ons," had a wonderful effect upon the minds of the people. 
It also attracted the attention of Parliament, and a bill bear- 
ing upon the subject of prison reform was prepared. 

Howard still continued his visits to the prisons of Europe, 
and endeavored, by his influence and advice, to better the 
condition of unfortunate convicts. 

His next step towards benefiting humanity, was to investi- 
gate the plague hospitals of Europe. This was a very peril- 
ous undertaking, nevertheless he proceeded to work with a 
firm faith and determination. 

In this, as well as his other labors, he spared no pains to 
make a thorough investigation of the condition ot the places 
he visited. He was never satisfied with the accounts given 
by others, but always examined for himself In this way he 
obtained a correct idea of affairs, and was able to suggest 
what would be the better course to adopt. 

Howard, after visiting many of the plague hospitals on the 
continent, again returned to England. But he was not con- 
tent to remain there and feel satisfied with his labors. His 
only ambition was to do good to mankind. Although he had 
traveled over the entire continent of Europe several times, 
and this, too, under adverse circumstances, and often endan- 
gering his life, yet he was determined to again set out on a 
mission of charity and benevolence. Accordingly he left his 
native land once more, never to return. Before leaving Eng- 
land he was impressed that his earthly career was nearly fin- 
ished, and that wheu he bid his friends farewell, it was for the 
last time. But this did not daunt him in the least. Joyfully 
he had spent the greater part of his life in blessing his fellow- 
beings, and he was now willing to die a martyr for the cause 
of suffering humanity. 

After visiting several cities of Germany, he made his way 
into Russia, visited St. Petersburg and Moscow, and then pro- 
ceeded to a place called Cherson, in Russian Tartary. While 
here, he was called upon to attend a youtjg lady who had fallen 
a victim to a deadly fever that was raging in that part of the 
country at the time he visited it. He did what he could for 
her relief, but his efforts were fruitless. The fever also fast- 
ened upon him, and he never recovered from its effects. He 
died on the 20th of January, 1790. 

Thus passed away one of the noblest men of the age in 
which he lived. His loss was felt all over Europe, for wher- 
ever he went he made many friends, and was loved and 
admired by all whom he met. 

The life of John Howard was an exemplary one. He was 
indited a true friend to humanity. He was temperate in his 
lia'its. He lived almost entirely upon a vegetable diet, and 
avoided the use of strong drinks. He was an early riser, and 
at night he retired to rest at an early hour. It was doubtless 
the observance of temperate habits that enabled him to pursue 
his labors so successfully, as he was naturally of a very frail 
constitution. 

He was exceedingly modest and unassuming in his manners. 
His countrymen were very desirous to do him honor by erect- 



ing a monument to his name, but he was very much opposed 
to it, and the work was left until after his death. He even 
declined the numerous invitations which he received to dine 
with the nobility of the several countries which he visited, 
and his last request was that there should be no public demon- 
stration at his funeral. 

Howard never connected himself with any religious denom- 
ination, but lived the life of a Christian so far as he knew 
how. E. F. P. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



EARLY LIFE IN THE VALLEY. 



( Continued from page 134. ) 
A T a meeting of the Saints held in Pottawattomie at the 
■^ last of October, 1S48, Oliver Cowdery, one of the three 
witnesses of the Book of Mormon to whom the angel showed 
the plates, and who received the Priesthood at the same time 
that the Prophet Joseph Smith did, was present and spoke. 
He had come from Wisconsin with his family. Oliver had 
fallen into transgression in Kirtland, had lost the Spirit and 
was cut off from the Church. He now came back, repentant, 
desirous of doing his first works over again and of regaining 
his membership in the Church. To the people at that meet- 
ing he bore testimony in the most positive terms to the truth 
of the Book of Mormon, the restoration of the Priesthood to 
the earth, and the mission of Joseph Smith as the Prophet 
of the last days. He told the people if they wanted to follow 
the right path, to keep the main channel of the stream; 
where the body of the Church goes, there is the authority ; 
and all these lo, here's and lo, there's have no authority; but 
this people have the true and Holy Priesthood ; for the angel 
said unto Joseph Smith, Jun. , in his hearing, that "this 
Priesthood shall remain on the. earth unto the end." His 
testimony produced quite a sensation among the strangers 
present, and was gratefully received by all the Saints. At an 
interview with Elders 0. Hyde and G. A. Smith he told them 
he had come to listen to their counsel and would do as they 
told him. He had been cut off from the Church and removed 
away from it for eleven years ; and had now come back, not 
expecting to be a leader, but wished to be a member and have 
a part among them. He considered he ought to be baptized; 
and did not expect to return without entering in at the door. 
He further said that Joseph Smith had fulfilled his mission 
faithfully before God until death. 

On the 1 9th of November, IS4S, the temple, erected by the 
Saints at Nauvoo, in accordance with the word of the Lord, 
was destroyed by fire. Elders G. A. Smith and Erastus Snow 
visited Nauvoo about eight years after its destruction, and 
learned from Lewis A. Bidamon, landlord of the Nauvoo 
Mansion, that the inhabitants of War.«aw, Carthage, Pon- 
tusuc and surrounding settlements, jealous of Nauvoo and 
fearing that it would still retain its superior importance as a 
town, and the "Mormons" therefore, might be induced to 
return, contributed a purse of five hundred dollars, which they 
gave to one Joseph Agiiow for burning the temple, and that 
he was the wretch who set the building on (ire. Bidamon 
added that the burning of the temple did have the cllect to 
diminish the importance of Nauvoo ; for his hotel did not 
have one-fourth the custom after the conflagration that it had 




had previously. Though this destruction of the temple of 
God was a most atroeious act, still the Saints who had erected 
it, and received therein those holy ordinances which had been 
appointed and revealed, and had taken their journey into the 
wilderness, could not mourn over its destruction. When 
burned it was beyond the power of the wicked to defile and 
occupy it. 

[2o he Continued.) 



MISSIONARY EXPERIENCE. 



A FAIR INFroEL. 



BY B. H. ROBERTS. 




FOR a few weeks after leaving Sioux City, Iowa; I traveled 
in Wright county of the same State. Opportunities for 
preaching became very limited, and I was anxious to go else- 
where. 

Making my way to the nearest railway station, I took up a 
map of the Slate, and felt impressed to go to the town of 
Rockwell, represented on the map as being perhaps twenty- 
five miles north of Sioux City. The fare to this place was 
eighty-five cents, and as I had ninety cents, only five cents was 
left me on reaching my destination, with which I bought a few 
crackers. 

Rockwell is a town of some fifteen or eighteen hundred 
inhabitants. Quite a number of stores of ordinary dimensions, 
do a pretty good business. There is also huge corn cribs 
strung along the side of the railroad track, which are always to 
be found in these prairie towns. The public buildings con- 
sisted of a fine two-story school hous3, and a "union church 
house," built by the three Christian denominations represented 
in the place — Methodist, Baptist and Congregational. 

My past experience had taught me that it was almost use- 
less to apply for the -e sectarian church houses, so I applied 
to Mr. Howard, the director of the school house, for the use 
of that building. After espliiining my business, he willingly 
gave his consent, but stated that he would not attend 
the meeting as he was not a religious character, and did not 
care to attend religious meetings. 

School being in session, I gave out my appointment there, 
and also went to all the stores, and asked the clerks to inform 
their customers of the meeting. 

Just at dark I went to the hall, but found it locked. I 
afterwards learned that the .school teacher, who was a Meth- 
odist, had taken the key away with him, as he did not want 
a "Mormon" to preach in his .school room. A party of young 
men waited upon Mr. Howard, and asked permi-ision to take 
the door off the hing.!s, as quite a crowd had gathered, and 
de.sired to hoar the "Mormon." Mr. Howard said that if the 
key could not be found they were at liberty to take the door 
down ; but by the time this party had returned some one found 
another key, which was in the jiosse.ssion of one of the jani- 
tors of the school. 

The room was crowded, and I had good liberty of the 
Spirit. Before dismissing the meeting I gave out an appoint- 
ment for the next evening, and told the people I was there 
without purse or scrip, and would regard it as a great kind- 
ness if .some one present would give me food and lodging. 

The people filed slowly out of the hall until all had gone, 
save one old man, whom I had met during the afternoon, and 



with whom I had some conversation. He stopped to ask me 
some questions and we continued our conversation until eleven 
o'clock. He then said: 

"Where are you going to stop to-night?" 

To which I replied, "I don't know. Didn't you hear me 
tell the people that I was without purse or scrip ? That means, 
without money." 

"Then you won't stop at the hotel?" 

"I guess not: it generally takes money to stop at hotels." 

"Well, that's too bad — but it's late, I must be going home; 
good night." 

After this man's departure, I blew out the lights; and after 
committing myself to God made of my valise a pillow, and laid 
down to pleasant dreams. 

At early dawn I left the school house, and wandered out of 
town a short distance behind a swell of prairie. Here I asked 
the Lord to open the way before me, and direct me to a place 
where I could obtain lodging during my stay in the neighbor- 
hood. On the way back to town, I noticed a large, white 
house, nearly surrounded by poplar trees. The Spirit said 
that was the place, and I started for it. 

Entering the premises at a double gate, I overtook some 
men wheeling a large dressed hog towards the house. Upon 
asking tlie name of the person owning the place and where he 
could be found, one of them said : 

"I own this place, and my name is Trapp; what can I do 
for you?" 

"Mr. Trapp, I am a servant of the Lord; I want to stay 
here and preach the gospel to the people of this town. Will 
you give me food and lodging for about two weeks?" 

He appeared astonished at my request. I was, too : no 
such thought had entered my mind. I was still more .sur- 
prised when he bid me welcome, and he lodged and fed me 
throughout the time, and never wavered. All kinds of 
slanderous reports were circulated about me, but his mind 
could not be poisoned. He had a very beautiful and intel- 
ligent daughter, and it was darkly hinted that he would regret 
his folly in keeping that "Mormon" around when he found his 
daughter ruined by running off with mc to Utah, etc. But 
none of these things appeared to move him. 

Although I talked with many of the people in Rockwell 
and endeavored to come in contact with them, I was not suc- 
cessful in making many friends, Mr. Trapp's house being the 
only place where I could get a meal or a bed at night. 

The day after holding my first meeting, Jlr. Coleman, the 
Methodist preacher, with a committee of his leading mem- 
bers, called upon Mr. Howard, the director of the school 
house, and asked him to close the hall against me. "No," 
said the latter, "if you preachers can't meet that boy's argu- 
ments, and show to the people that he is wrong, and get rid 
of him in that way, he can remain and use the bouse so long 
as I am director of it." 

They tried to prove that the iicople I represented were not 
respectable, but all in vain. 

The day after the second meeting a committee from the 
Baptist church waited upon Mr. Howard, but they were no 
more successCul than the other parly. 

After my thinl meeting the Congregational church sent a 
delegation to Mr. Howard, asking him to close the house 
against me, but they were met with the same answer which 
had been given to the others. So I continued on with my 
meetings until I had held seven. 

By this time some one had hatched up a statement which was 
attributed to me, and which was unfriendly towards the United 




^5= 



J-TJ"V^E]IsriIL.E IJ^STI^TJOTOI^, 



14:9 




States government. This was taken to Mr. Howard, and on 
meeting him he requested me to stop holding meetings in the 
school house, and gave as a reason for his action the state- 
ments he believed had been made about the government. I 
informed him that I had made use of no such language as had 
been attributed to me, and on explaining to him our views 
respecting this government, he consented to allow the meet- 
ings to continue. 

The people, however, appeared determined not to hear the 
truth; so, after staying there two weeics and holding nine meet- 
ings, I left the village. 

It was with feelings of deep regret that T took my depar- 
ture; and a feeling of sadness settled over my heart like a 
pall as the town passed out of sight while I journeyed across the 
prairie. 

I shall always remember Mr. Howard and the brave stand 
he took in letting me have the school house. It was not 
because he believed our doctrine, but he believed the time had 
come in the history of the world, when all parties desiring a 
hearing on any subject should be granted it. 

It is not so very often in this age that we find men grand 
enough in their spirits to sacrifice public opinion for the pur- 
pose of maintaining a principle they esteem to be right. To- 
day, for the most part, men are worshiping with idolatrous 
devotion at the shrine of popularity. This is indeed unfor- 
tunate, for the populace is ever fickle — "To-day it mourns a 
Cffisar slain, to-morrow it votes a monument to Brutus," and 
he who keeps in the stream of popular favor must become 
something of a chameleon in his nature. 



VARIETIES. 




ST. PETER'S TOE. 

TN the city of Rome, the residence of the pope, there is a 
■^ bronze statue of St. Peter which is held in high esteem by 
all sincere Catholics. The love of the people for this image 
of the chief apostle amounts to idolatry, and Catholics regard 
it as a great privilege to be permitted to kiss the toe of this 
metal figure. To us, who have been blessed with the light of 
a revealed religion, such a proceeding is very absurd; but to 
those whose only knowledge of God and His laws has been 
obtained under the care of Catholicism, the kissing of St. 
Peter's toe doubtless affords some consolation. 
A newspaper correspondent, writing from Rome, says: 
"The projecting great toe of the bronze statue of St. Peter is 
considerably worn away, although it has been once or twice 
renewed ; and it is highly polished by the repeated wiping it 
receives before being kissed. While insjieoting it, one or two 
of the correspondent's party touched it with their fingers; but, 
as soon as they were gone from it, a priest wet it with holy water, 
and wiped of the heretics' touch. Among the believers who 
paid their devotions to it, sonne came reverently with prayers and 
clasped hands, others in a business-like way, and one tall, gray- 
haired man paused with a prayer at each step from the outer door 
to the statue, then, bowing a moment in the deepest humility, he 
drew out a clean handkerchief, wiped the toe and reverently 
pressed his lips upon it, prayed a moment, kissed it again and 
departed. A little girl, who could not reach it with her lips, 
kissed the end of her linger and touched it." 

FOK THE GIELS. 

We commend the following excellent advice, given by an 
exchange, to all the girls who live in these valleys: 



"By all means, let the girls learn how to cook. What right 
has a girl to marry and go into a house of her own unless she 
knows how to superintend every branch of housekeeping? and 
she cannot properly superintend unless she has some practical 
knowledge of it herself. Most men marry without thinking 
whether the woman of his choice is capable of cooking him a 
meal, and it is a pity he is so short-sighted, as his health, his cheer- 
fulness and, indeed, his success in life depend, in a very great 
degree, upon the kind of food he eats; in fact, the whole house- 
hold is influenced by their diet. Feed them on fried cakes, fried 
meats, hot bread and other indigestible viands, day after day, 
and they will need medicine to make them well. A man will 
sometimes take alcohol to counteract the evil etfects of such food, 
and the wife and children must be physicked. 

"Let all the girls have a share in the housekeeping at home 
before they marry; let each superintend some department by 
turns. It need" not occupy half the time to see that the house 
has been properly swept, dusied and put in order, or to prepare 
puddings and make dishes, that many young ladies spend in 
reading novels that enervate both mind and body and unfit them 
for every-day life. Women do not, as a general rule, get pale 
faces by doing house-work. Their sedentary habits, in over- 
heated rooms, are to blame for bad health. Our mothers used to 
pride themselves on their housekeeping and fine needle work. 
Why should not the girls of our day do the same?" 
A WORD FOR THE JAPANESE. 

The idea is entertained by a great many Americans that 
the inhabitants of Japan and China are the lowest of the low, 
and arc utterly unworthy of intercourse with civilized people. 
Many of us are apt to judge these nations by the very poor 
specimens which are found in the western part of the United 
States, when the fact is that these beings are from the lowest 
class of the countries which they leave^ Testimonies in abund- 
ance are at hand to prove that these two nations are, in many 
respects, far in advance of so-called civilized peoples. 

Prof. Edward S. Morse, who resided in Japan for several 
years, gives the following items, inconnection with many other 
interesting facts, concerning the people: 

"The Japanese," he said, "are much more temperate than 
western nations. In my visits at their houses, 1 never had a 
glass of liquor oiTered me. There are no standmg bars there, 
and no public drinking of their liquors. These are very mild, 
and are drunk at home. Public drunkenness is extremely rare. 

"The politeness of the .Japanese is proverbial : their honesty 
is not so well known to foreigners. There are no bolts and bars 
in public or private houses; the drinking-cups at public fountains 
are never chained; money is left, by travelers as well as by 
natives, in unlocked rooms of public houses during days of 
absence, and is never disturbed; the shops are often left by the 
proprietors with nobody in them, while they go to a distant part 
of the city. 

"The Japanese are very humane. Horses are very rarely 
beaten by them; oxen drawing loads have awnings fastened over 
them to keep off the heat; cattle driven to slaughter are carefully 
led, and never maltreated by boys while e«. i-outi:. Gunning for 
sport is a cruelty unknown to them. 

"At school, the children of the nobles are dressed very plainly, 
so as not to injure the feelings of those who are poorer than they. 
Teachers are held in high respect, being third in rank in the 
numerous different classes into which society is divided. 

"The kind-heartedness of the Japanese is wonderfully in 
advance of our own. The people are poor, but unselfish. It is 
one of the maxims of their country that a man in distress must 
be helped, even though he is a stranger to you. The people are 
remarkably hospitable and courteous." 
DYNAMITE. 

The destructive explosive which, in the hands of Fenians, 
Nihilists and Socialists, has caused so much destruction, is 
thus described : 





150 



a"U"\^E3srilLE I2^STI?.TJOTOI?.. 




"Those who bave never seen the much talked of dynamite 
explosive will be interested to know that it looks like moist brown 
sugar. Nitro-glycerine, which is formed by the action of nitric 
acid upon glycerine, 8t a low temperature, is the actiye agent in 
dynamite, but is mixed with some absorbent substance to render 
it safer to handle than the liquid glycerine. The absorbent 
materia! thus used is a silicious earth— a fine white powder com- 
posed of the remains of infusoria, and resembling powdered 
chalk; this takes up two or three times its weight of the nitro- 
glycerine without becoming pasty, and the ingredients are easily 
mixed, leaden vessels and wooden spoons being used to avoid 
dangerous friction. "When flame is applied to this mass it burns 
with a strong flame, without any explosion; but when ignited by 
a detonating fuse, or even a sudden blow, its explosive force is 
tremendous." 



A RACK ON SNOW-SHOES. 




RAPID motion has a wonderful charm for most human 
beings. That is what is sought in the whirlings of the 
dance, and in the swift rush through the air on horseback. To 
some the mere sight of quickly-vanishing hedgerows outside 
the carriage-windows will make up for all the ills of railway 
traveling. But everybody agrees that so long as men are debarred 
from invading the air and in some way using wings, the most 
perfect form of this sensation is only to be got from the easy, 
swift motion which is possible on the level smooth ice, or else 
on frozen snow-slopes. How eager both men and boys are to 
bring out their skates as soon as frost is spoken of! How 
real a pleasure it is has been abundantly shown by the 
rage for the skating-rinks. These have popularized and vul- 
garized the delightful, if silly feeling, and we also expect that 
they have degraded it. The sensation cannot be enjoyed 
rightly and to the full in the crowd, heat and bustle of either 
the ball-room or the rink. 

It is the Laplander, and in some few secluded Alpine dis- 
tricts the l^wiss, who revel in the sensation. In order to 
know ourselves what hightening of it the Lapp gets we should 
need a .'^kating rink, the moment we were launched upon it, 
to be somehow tilted up to an acute angle, and for it then to 
lengthen out by the mile as we rushed down it. Boys! how 
should you like the prospect? ''Glorious ! " we expect is your 
answer. It rather reminds us of the tale of th ^ Iri.sh brick- 
layer, who had tumbled from the roof of a four- storied hou.se. 
On a fellow-countryman asking him if he "minded" it, he 
said he didn't mind the tumbling the snap of his finger, it was 
only the landing he objected to. Anybody can see that the 
.sensation enjoyed to the full, as the Laplander enjoys it, is 
made up of two feelings— to the delightful sense of swift 
change of place is added the dreadful pleasure which so fasci- 
nates boys and girls in the swing— that of the rushing fall 
through space. A Laplander in less than five minutes will 
have perpendicularly lowered himself a thousand feet. It is, 
in fact, the nearest approach man has yet made to flying, but 
it has this sad qualification, that you can only fly downwards 
all the time, never upwards. 

In the matter of the snow-shoes, some improvements have 
been made of late years. The Lapps used to be quite contended 
with shoes made of wood, and about six feet in length ; already 
there are those who have them constructed of iron and made a 
foot or two longer. It is but part of the same modern 
improvement which has armed some of them with guns 
instead of merely the old-fasioned bows and arrows. A 



willow-band, into which the foot is pushed, is found to be 
fastening enough for the shoe, and the huntsman, for the pur- 
pose of steadying himself and guiding his course, carries a 
lone staff, shod with iron at the downward end. The shoes 
are not both of the same length, experience having shown that 
to have one shorter than the other makes turning in the course 
easier. Thus equipped, the hunters dare to venture on long 
ascents after their scanty game. It is, moreover, astonishing 
what want of sense in that latitude the ptarmigan and plovers 
show in the way of self-protection. When they are come up 
with, a whole covey will allow themselves to be killed by the 
huntsman, one after the other. 

But when the spoil is secured, then comes the flying descent 
on the snow-shoes. All the toil ceases with the fastening of 
the willow-bands and the grasping of the staff. The instant 
the descent has begun the frozen snow flies up behind in a 
trail like white smoke. Down the mountain side the hunter 
rushes to the valley or the sea-beach, where bis home is, flit- 
ting through the distance as the birds might have done he car- 
ries at his back. In spite of the fearful swiftness of the 
motion, it is not often that they meet with any accident. The 
obstacles in the way are generally foreseen, and, by means of 
the iron-shod staff, are avoided just in the nick of time. We 
need hardly add that there are, of course, differences of skill 
in using the shoes, some coming to be famous for their strength 
and dexterity. Stjerne Trondhjeim had long held a reputa- 
tion of this sort in his village. He could descend a frozen 
slope so much more swiftly than others that they positively 
seemed to hang a black spot upon the white surface behind 
him. Then he would turn his head over his shoulder, and 
would roar out a strain of laughter as loud and long as a gust 
of the north wind, for Trondhjeim was a hard, dry man. He 
bad a son who found this out to his cost. 

"Nonsense!" roared the father. "No young man ought 
to think of taking a wife till he is as active and hardy as his 
father. You shall not have the young Naesset till you can 
reach the bottom of the mountain slope before me." 

Hijik, the son, went to the hut of the parents of the fair 
Naesset, at the other end of the village. He fared no better. 
Her keen-eyed old father said, "I don't know what the young 
men are thinking about. Your father's joints must begin to 
rust from years, yet you can't beat him over the snow. Naes- 
set's husband must have shown himself to be the best man in 
the dale." 

Naesset put her lovely, though rather begrimed face out 
of the smoky hut. She had overheard it all. The young 
people looked at one another, each pale, and one of them fast 
becoming tearful. For any one to hope to beat the famous 
Trondhjeim, senior, on the snow-shoes, was absurd! After 
this the j'oung man's father often challenged him when they 
were returning from hunting expeditions. 

"Come!" he would say tauntingly ; "are you never going 
to win Naesset?" 

Does it need telling how hardly Itijik tried? But the iron 
limbs of his father made victory impossible. Ho was always 
left behind, and there would come streaming up towards him 
the roaring laughter of his father. This was re-echoed from 
the village by Naesset's father. The truth was the two elders 
had entered into this plot together ; the one wanted to keep 
the full advantage of his son's boldness and skill, and the 
other of his daughter's industry. Meanwhile, Hijik saw Naes- 
set growing paler daily. 

But time worked for the young folks. It strengthened the 
thews of Hijik, and began a little to dull the limbs of his father. 





o'TJ^En^iLEi xi<T&rn:RjjcTo:R. 



151 




The Summer season came and was given up to sea-fishing. 
But Winter returned ; the time for hunting the ptarmigan 
was back. Trondhjeim, senior, ought on the first day to have 
had some apprehensions when he saw the light blazing in his 
son's eyes, in putting on the snow-shoes after a successful 
hunt. 

"Father!" he cried; "I mean to win Naesset to-day." He 
felt his better-knit strength of limb. 

His father laughed in scorn. Away they shot. The son's 
eagerness for a moment placed him in front; but his father 
passed him with an indignant effort. Hijik altered his tactics. 
He was content for the present to follow, but he followed 
close. At first a grim smile played on the senior's hard fea- 
tures ; but by-and-by it changed. It was in vain he quickened 
his flight — still there was the close rush following at his heels. 
The village was in sight, and some of the inhabitants were out 
of the huts watching them, for the matter had become a joke. 
Still, down they rushed, the white snow-smoke rising more 
fiercely at their heels. The last turn in the descent was 
reached, and Hijik's moment had come. 

"For Naesset!" he shouted, and the next instant his father 
was half-blinded by a flying trail of snow as Hijik passed him 
like an arrow. 

The amazed senior strained every nerve. But his time had 
come. Hijik reached the bottom of the slope a hundred 
yards before him ; and, as he did so, a pair of clapping hands 
were heard to greet him ; they were those of Naesset, who 
was watching from behind her father's hut. 

" He has won her ! " shouted all the villagers in chorus, as 
soon as they could recover from their astonishment. 

No further opposition was made to the marriage by the 
fathers, and it took place some months later. But Trond- 
hjeim, senior, hungup his snow-shoes in his hut: he never 
wore them again. 

"The world belongs to the young folks, I find," he said, 
having the good tense to make it a joke. 



EASY SCIENCE LESSONS. 



BY SUNNY. 



LESSON V. 




ONE century ago the element oxygen was discovered by 
Scheele, in Sweden, and Priestly, in England, independ- 
ently of each other. It is, as we have already seen, one of 
the elements of water existing in the proportion of eight 
pounds of oxygen to one of hydrogen. In its natural state as an 
element, it is a gas, is one of the non-metals, and is sixteen 
times heavier than the other element of water — hydrogen — 
which is the lightest substance known. 

Oxygen is widely distributed throughout the animal and 
vegetable kingdoms, and the mineral world. As varied and 
extensive as is its distribution, is its application and use. The 
chemist has to deal with oxygen in hundreds of his chemicals; 
nature in thousands of her substances. Jlan al.so uses 
oxygon, and the total daily consumption for the people of the 
globe has been roughly estimated at one billion pounds, and 
that of animals about twice as much. This enormous amount 
is consumed by the inhalation of the animal kingdom to keep 
up the warmth, or life, of their bodies — a burning, which is 



the union of oxygen with an element of the blood, called 
carbon. 

Ordinary combustion is the union of oxygen with some 
other substance; hence a great amount of oxygen is consumed 
in our furnaces and city, forest and prairie fires. The quan- 
tity thus used is about the same as that used by the animal 
kingdom, or two billion pounds daily. Yet this is but half 
the amount of oxygen consumed. There is another mighty 
agent at work which consumes at least four billion pounds 
each day. This process is not another agent to the chemist 
for he calls it combustion, or burning ; but we call it decay — 
it is the union of the oxygen of the air with the elements of the 
wood, or whatever the decaying substance may be — a simple 
process of slow burning. 

The reader may here be constrained to ask the question : 
"At such a rate of consumption is there not a time near at 
hand when all the oxygen of the atmosphere shall have been 
consumed?" Well, no: there is oxygen enough to last us all 
nearly a million years ! But the eight thousand million pounds 
of oxygen that are consumed daily are not destroyed. Matter 
cannot be destroyed. A boy may crush his marble, but the 
substance of the marble remains and only requires an active 
agent to produce the marble again. So in any case of destruc- 
tion, combustion or annihilation. We say carbon, or char- 
coal and oxygen are destroyed when the oxygen unites with 
the carbon and burns ; yet it requires an active force to 
restore them to oxygen and charcoal again. Such forces 
exist in nature. For example : 

All animals breathe oxygen which serves as fuel to keep up 
the fire of the body : this is done by the burning of the carbon of 
the blood with oxygen, forming a compound substance. All 
vegetables breathe, too, but they breathe the gas instead of 
air ; they retain carbon and exhale the oxygen. Animals use 
vegetables as food and a great deal of the carbon is retained 
as fuel in the blood, which, when the animal breathes, is 
brought in contact with the oxygen and burned, producing 
carbonic acid gas. Thus in nature there is a perpetual round 
among the elements and compounds — the increasing of some 
at the expense of the others and vice versa, their amounts 
remaining about the same. 

In the early days of the earth's formation there must have 
been a great combustion. Oxygen burned with hydrogen and 
formed the waters. Oxygen burned with nearly every element 
so profusely as to constitute one half of the solid substances 
of our earth, and eight-ninths of all the water, and then 
being in such abundance as to form, in a free state, one-fifth 
of our atmosphere, or 1,178,1.58,000,000,000 tons. 



In a Minute.— "Lucy, will you please bring mother her 
thimble?" 

"Yes, ma'am, in a minute," answered Lucy. 

Mother waited. Lucy kept on at her play. Her mother 
rose from her seat and went for the thimble. 

'0, mother!" said Lucy, "I intended to bring' that to you 
in just a minute." 

"I know you intended to, but you did not do it." 

In the afternoon Lucy's father promised to take her riding. 
Her mother tried to urge her to hasten to get ready, but the 
answer was, "In a minute." When her father came he had 
not a minute to spend waiting for his little girl, and had to 
drive oft" without her. Her mother told her that the little fox 
"In a minute" would spoil all her happiness in life if she did 
not destroy it. Did any of you ever meet this fox ? — £x. 



'Il 





a"TJ^EIsriLEl IISrSTI?.TJGTOI?.. 




qeorge: q. cannon, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAT 15, 1884. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 







SPIKIT has goDe forth among the inhab- 
itants of this republic which prompts 
men to bind themselves together in 
organizations for the purpose of punish- 
ing, outside of the regular operations of 
the law, such persons as are obnoxious 
to them. A mob will commit acts which 
^^ the individuals who compose it would not 
dare to do if the responsibility for doing 
them should rest upon them individually. 
On this account, if for no other, a mob is as likely 
to kill an innocent person, against whom preju- 
dice may be raised, as a guilty one. Passion 
and prejudice rule in a crowd of violent men 
who are carried away by such excitement as to 
form a mob for the purpose of lynching; and if 
public feeling be sufficiently strong against an inno- 
cent man, his life is no safer in their hands than in 
those of so many madmen. 
In the year 1832-.3, this spirit of mobocracy was manifested 
towards the Latter-day Saints in Jackson county, Missouri. 
Mobs organized themselves, and, with weapons in their hands, 
drove the Saints from their possessions, burned their houses, 
destroyed their property, and compelled them to flee, .shedding 
their blood in some instances, and manifesting a cruel and 
ferocious spirit towards them. The result is well known. The 
Saints were compelled to flee into Clay county, where they 
remained for a short time, when they were notified again that 
they must leave, and they removed finally into Caldwell county, 
and into Davies, Ray and adjoining counties. But the spirit 
that had been aroused was not content with thus driving the 
Saints into this remote county — for Caldwell was a very remote 
county at that time, and considered almost unsuitable for 
white men to live in ; it spread until it filled the officials of 
the State. They, to gain favor with the mobbers, used their 
official positions and allied themselves with them to further their 
purposes, and to carry out their wicked designs. The governor of 
the State, Lilburn W. Boggs, issued an order that all Latter- 
day Saints should leave the State or be exterminated, and they 
either had to apostatize or leave the State. The Saints were 
driven into Illinois, and, after a while, they received the same 
kind of persecution there; for that mobocratic spirit spread 
into that State. The people in the settlements around Nauvoo 
suffered from the attacks of mobs, until finally they were com- 
pelled to abandon their homes and take refuge in Nauvoo. 
Upon the city of Nauvoo the fire of hatred and persecution 
was afterwards conceDtrated and the Saints were compelled to 
abandon that also. 

The Prophet Joseph, and the other leaders of the Church, 
predicted that the time would come when this spirit would 
not be confined to committing outrages upon the Latter-day 
Saints, but would rage throughout the United States, and 
mobocracy would prevail and the law be trampled upon. And 



who does not know that this spirit has grown and spread ? 
There is scarcely an issue of our daily papers that does not 
bring to our notice the acts of some mob which has been 
organized to execute vengeance upon somebody that is guilty, 
or that was supposed to have been guilty. Officers of the 
law are overpowered, jails are broken into, violence, frequently 
assuming the most fiendish character, is resorted to, and men 
are executed in the most inhuman manner. Probably, in many 
instances, they were guilty of deeds worthy of death ; but the 
spirit of mobocracy which has siezed the people is not content 
to await the regular course of the law. It anticipates the 
action of the courts and the regular operation of the law. 

Now, this is the natural fruit and consequence of the action 
that was allowed to be taken by mobs against the Latter-day 
Saints. It is what might be expected to follow, as it was pre- 
dicted it would follow. No mob has ever been punished for 
violence against us. No man that ever burned the houses of 
our people, or that shed their blood, or that shot down their 
cattle, or did any other deed of violence to the Latter-day 
Saints, has ever been made a criminal or punished as such. 
On the contrary, in many instances, he was applauded for 
what he did. Is it any wonder, then, that this spirit has 
gone forth and is spreading in the midst of the nation ? 

We who live in these mountains must be on our gaurd, lest 
this disposition to lynch criminals should seize us. It would be 
both foolish and wicked for Latter-day Saints to yield to it. 
It has been sent as a punishment upon those who have it, 
because of the treatment we received. Let it, therefore, 
dwell with them ; but not with us. We have suffered too 
much from it ever to see its exhibition here. The lynching of 
the miserable wretch who shot Jlarshal Burt, was an instance 
in which men, carried away by fury, took the law into their 
own hands and executed vengeance. We deeply regretted that 
occurrence, and have always hoped that no Latter-day Saint 
was engaged in that work of revenge. 

Another murder has been committed in this Territory, 
under circumstances of great cruelty, which has aroused deep 
feeling in the public mind. We allude to the murder of the son 
of Brother John W. Turner, sheriff of Utah county. His 
murderer has had repeated trials and been pronounced guilty; 
but advantage has been taken of technicalities and he is still 
unpunished. Lynching has been threatened, so we have heard, 
and the other afternoon there was great cheering on the street 
when it became known that another jury had brought in a 
verdictof guilty against him. We were informed that the threats 
I of lynching were not made by Latter-day Saints, but by others. 
We hope this is true. If courts or juries do not sustain the law, 
but permit criminals to go unpunished, let us leave them in 
the hands of God. It is rarely that Latter-day Saints have 
had justice administered in their behalf, or that men have 
been punished for shedding their blood. If cases should arise 
where the guilty are permitted to go unpunished, we can 
afford to wait and leave the result in the hands of our Creator. 
We have manifested great forbearance in the past, under cir- 
cumstances of great provocation. No stain rests upon us in 
this respect. No one can truthfully charge us with violence, 
or disregard of order. We have sought for and maintained 
peace. Let us still continue to do so. 



-—^^ 



It may serve as a comfort to us in all our calamities and 
afflictions, to know that he that loses anything, and gets 
wisdom by it, is a gainer by the loss. 





O-TJVIHIN-ILE IITSTI^TJOTOI^. 



153 




JOHNNY'S DIFFICULTY. 



BY HOMESPUN. 



JOHNNY sat cheerily whistling at his play. He had been 
told, by his busy mamma, to art-ange all his playthings 
tidily in his own particular box, after which he was to go out 
and, with his little hoe, weed out some of the intruders in the 
vegetable garden. 

I rather think 
Johnny had for- 
gotten his mam- 
ma's orders, for 
he still sat peace- 
fully piling up his 
blocks into huge 
squares, or mak- 
ing imaginary 
trains that were 
propelled with a 
"Toot, toot!" 
across the carpet. 
He grew tired of 
that, at last, not 
for some time, 
however, for 

Johnny was very 
much like some 
grown people in 
that he viewed 
the prospect of 
woik ahead, that 
should be done im 
mediately, only as 
sweetening the 
present play. We 
all love to do 
that which others 
would rather we 
would not, until 
old enough to ex- 
ercise our reason. 
And so Johnny 
very complacently 
played much long- 
er than he could 
have done had 
there been no 
work waiting for 
him. 

Then, at last, 
he arose and 
absently looked 
around the room, 
and vaguely de- 
bated within himself whether he should 
His playthings still strewed the floor; i 
there not plenty of time? All the tbrencon! He would go, 
then, presently. In the meantime, what should he do? He 
looked around. In the corner stood two chairs, with mamma's 
skein of yarn, which she had been winding when called into 
the parlor by a visitor. Johnny looked at it, and it lay there 
80 soft and fleecy, and the threads wore loosely and simply 




go out now or not. 
ihould he go? Was 



coiled round the chairs that he felt sure it would be no trick 
at all to wind them off on the round, plump ball mamma had 
commenced. Should he? 

I don't think Johnny reasoned much about the matter. He 
thought, of course, he should do it finely, and what fun it 
would be! If a dim, uneasy sense of his mother's displeas- 
ure crossed his mind, at his tieglecting to do what she had 
planned for him, he drowned it with the overwhelming pride 
he swelled with, in anticipation of what he would accomplish 

at hia mamma's 
own work. Ah 
me! Little boys 
and girls cannot 
foresee the conse- 
quences of their 
wrongdoing; they 
have to be taught 
by experience, or 
by the wise in- 
structions of their 
parents. 

Johnny looked 
out of the sitting- 
room door and 
heard his mam- 
ma's voice in the 
parlor, across the 
hall, busy with 
the visitor. So 
he boldly seized 
the ball and com- 
menced the pret- 
ty work. Every- 
thing went all- 
right for a few 
rounds, then the 
thread pulled and 
got unaccountably 
mixed with some 
more threads. ■ 
"Why should it 
act that way?" 
thought Johnny, 
"it goes swim- 
mingly with mam- 
ma, why should 
it not with me?" 
But the more he 
pulled, the worse 
it tangled. He 
drew it with an 
angry jerk and 
the chairs shoved 
a little closer with 
his efforts, and 
the skein fell down around the chair; and, dear me! it was in 
such a dreadful mess! 

Johnny looked ruefully at it, and scratched his head to 
assist his ideas, but all to no avail. 

"Johnny," said a stern voice at his elbow, which made him 
jump with surpri.se and drop the ball, "what have you been 
doing?" 
"Dunno." 








_^' 



"^i 



15^ 



CTTJ^IBIsriLE IISrSTIR.TJOTOI^. 



"Did I not tell you to pick up your blocks and then go and 
do the hoeing your papa set for you to do before he went 
away? Now, you have pulled all my work into such a tangle 
that it will take a long while to put it straight." 

Mamma walked to the window, and waited a moment for 
her anger to cool, and to arrange some plan to punish Johnny 
in order to teach him better in the future. She felt as though 
she could spare a little time to impress this lesson on her care- 
less boy, so, after a few moments, she went back to Johnny 
and said, 

"Now, Johnny, you must pick up all your playthings at 
once. Then I shall employ you all this forenoon to hold my 
yarn while I wind it. This will teach you not to meddle with 
my work, which is too difficult for you, and very tiresome. 
And the afternoon you must spend in doing the work you 
should have done this morning. You will have no more time 
to play, to-day." 

That night, such a weary, tired-out little Johnny was tucked 
in his bed, and he whispersd to his mamma he would never 
again meddle with her work. He was true to his promise. 



-»♦- 




SESSION NINE. 



BY URIEL. 




{.Continued from page 133.) 

WE will take for our consideration at this session the doc- 
trine of the laying on of hands for the reception of the 
Holy Ghost. In order to have a correct understanding of the 
conditions necessary to be complied with iu the gospel of 
JcMis Christ so as to lay a correct foundation, let us refer to a 
revela'ion on Church government, given in April, 1830: "And 
aL'ain. by way of commandment to the Church concerning the 
manner of baptism. All those who humble themselves before 
(lod, Hud desire to be baptized and come forth with broken 
hearts and contrite spirits, and witness before the Church that 
they have truly repented of all their sins, and are willing 
to tike upon them the name of Jesus Christ, having a deter- 
mination to serve Him to the end, and truly manifest by their 
works that they have received of the Spirit uf Christ unto the 
remission o^ their sins, shall be received by bajitism into II is 
Church." 

This is very simple, plain and emphatic. The psalmist 
declares, "The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken 
heart: and .saveth such as be of a contrite spirit." (xxxiv Is.) 

Now, what is the object of our embracing the gospel of 
Christ? It is to become the di.sciples of Christ. Then listen 
to the instructions of our divine Master: "Come unto me, 
all ye that labor, and are heavy ladeu, and I will give you 
rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me : for I am 
meek and lowly in heart; and ye shall find rei>t unto your 
souls. For my yoke is ea.sy, and my burden is light" (Mult. 
xi. 2H). It is generally the disposition of men to be aiiytbiiig 
but "meek and lowly," but we are studying the scieme of 
theology for the purpose of understanding what kind of a 
character is requisite to enal>le us to make a success in this 
glorious science and what principles we have to adopt in order 



that we may become disciples indeed of Jesus Christ and 
become everlasting men and women. 

Christ commanded His disciples on the day He delivered 
His sermon on the mount, "Enter ye in at the straight gate; 
for wide is the gate, and broad is the way, which leadeth to 
destruction, and many there be which go in thereat: because, 
straight is the gate, and narrow is the way, which leadeth unto 
life, and few there be that find it." The Lord requires us to 
have a pure heart and a willing mind, otherwise we can never 
compose Zion, for the Lord hath declared, "this is Zion — 

THE PURE IN HEART." 

Now turn again to the revelation upon Church government 
[verse 68), "The duty of the members after they are received 
by baptism. The Elders or Priests are to have sufficient time 
to expound all things concerning the Church of Christ to their 
understanding, previous to their partaking of the sacrament 
and being confirmed by the laying on of hands of the Elders, 
so that all things may be done in order. 

"And the members shall maoifest before the Church, and 
also before the Elders, by a godly walk and conversation, that 
they are worthy of it, that there may be works and faith 
agreeable to the holy scriptures — walking in holiness before 
the Lord." 

But why do the Elders confirm by the laying on of the 
hands? It is in order that those who have subscribed to the 
conditions to which we have before referred may receive the 
Holy Ghost. The reason it is done by the laying on of hands 
is because it has been so commanded by the Father. Turn to 
the 41st verse of the same section. Referring to the duty of 
Elders, it says, "And to confirm those who are baptized into 
the Church, by the laying on of hands for the baptism of fire 
and the Holy Ghost, according to the scriptures." It is the 
promise of the Father that all those who comply with the 
conditions to which we have referred shall receive the Holy 
Ghost and His promises never fail. 

It may be asked at what age children may be received into 
the Church by baptism and the laying on of hands? In 
answer we will say, turn to the sixty-eighth section of the 
Doctrine and Covevenants, verse twenty- five: "Inasmuch as 
parents have children in Zion, or in any of her Stakes which 
are organized, that teach them not to understand the doctrine 
of repentance, faith in Christ, the Son of the living God, and 
of baptism and the gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of 
hands when eight years old, the sin be upon the heads of the 
parents;" also, in the twenty-seventh ver.se, "And their chil- 
dren shall be baptized for the remission of their sins when 
eight years old, and receive the laying on of the hands." 
This will answer the question as to how early children .should 
be baptized; it shows, at the same time, what condemnation 
parents arc under who shamefully neglect their children by 
failing to educate them in the jirinciples of the gospel. 

Jesus Christ blessed little children by the laying on of hands 
(.SVC Mdtt. xix, 13 to 15). "Then were there brought unto 
Iliui little children, that He should put His hands on them, 
and pray: and the disciples rebuked them. But .Jesus said, 
Suffer little children, and forbid them not, to come unto me: 
for of such is the kingdom of heaven. And He laid His 
hands on them." Why was this done? To bless them. 
Blessings arc given by the laying on of hands, as well as for 
the gift of the Holy Ghost. The first ordinance administered 
to little children when they are borii into the world is to be 
blessed. This is done by those having the authority of the Holy 
Priesthood, taking the child in their arms, the one who is 
mouth in the blessing, placing his hands upon the head of the 




CTTJ'^EIN-ILE IIsTSTI^/TJCTOI?., 



155 




child, pronounces such blessings upon it as shall be dictated 
by the Holy Spirit. This is called the blessing of little 
children. 

Now we will see how these principles taught by our 
Redeemer to-day, harmonize with the teachings and practice 
left on record in the Bible. 

The Apostle Peter, on the day of Pentecost, answering those 
who were pricked in their hearts, by the inspired preaching of 
the apostles, and who asked, "Men and brethren, what shall 
we do?" answered, "Repent, and be baptized every one of you 
in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins, and j'e 
shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." 

But it is not stated in that chapter how they received that 
gift. It is said in the forty-first verse, "Then they that gladly 
received his word were baptized: and the same day there 
were added unto them about three thousand souls." If we 
refer, however, to the eighth chapter we read that, "Philip 
went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto 
them," and in the twelfth verse, "But when they believed 
PhiHp, preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God, 
and the name of Jesus Christ, they were baptized both men 
and women." 

You will please notice that wherever the gospel was 
preached aud the people believed, they obeyed it by being bap- 
tized. Read the fourteenth verse : "Now when the apostles, 
which were at Jerusalem, heard that Samaria had received 
the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John : who, 
when they were come down, prayed for them that they might 
receive the Holy Ghost: (for as yet he was fallen upon noQC 
of them : only they were baptized in the name of the Lord 
Jesus.) Then laid they their hands on them, and they received 
the Holy Ghost. And when Simon saw that through laying 
on of the apostles' hands the Holy Ghost was given," etc. 
This is very plain ; and as it was necessary for the apostles to 
come to Samaria to lay their hands upon those who had received 
the first principles so far as baptism, to confirm them into the 
Church, we can readily see the necessity of the same being 
performed upon those who received the gospel upon the day 
of Pentecost. But why could not Philip have confirmed them 
by the laying on o^ hands? Because he only held the Aaronio, 
or lesser, Priesthood. The apostles held the Melchisedec, or 
higher. Priesthood, which has the power to officiate in all the 
higher ordinances of the Church. 

We will now turn to the nineteenth chapter of the Acts, 
where we are informed that, "Paul having passed through 
the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain dis- 
ciples, he said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost 
since ye believed? And they said unto him. We have not so 
much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost. And he 
said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they 
said, Unto John's baptism. Then said Paul, John verily bap- 
tized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, 
that they should believe on Him which .should come after him, 
that is, on Christ Jesus. When they heard this they were 
baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. And when Paul 
had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on 
them." This needs no comment, it speaks for itself. 

We lay on hands to ble.ss children, to administer unto the 
sick, to confirm into the Church, to ordain and to set apart 
for certain mis.sions, respon.^ibilities, callings and duties as we 
have been educated by our Heavenly Father through Jesus 
Christ and the prophets and seers through whom He has 
spoken. 



A GOOD NAME. 



In the school of Dr. Woods none were allowed 
to enter tlie conservatory without leave ; but a 
bo3''s handkerchief, with his name upon it, had 
been found there. Just at the clo.se of school the 
Doctor called the name of James Howard. The 
whole school became silent with suspense. 

"Janies Howard ! what has he done ? such a 
noble boy! such a good boy!" all thought. Dr 
Woods himself believed he must have been sent 
into the conservatory by the teacher of botany; so 
he asked — 

"James Howard, have you been into the con- 
servatory to-day ?" 

"I have not, sir," replied James, in a clear, calm 
tone. 

"I believe you, James," said Dr. Woods, "although 
your handkerchief has been found there. You are 
not the boy to tell an untruth." 

So James sat in his seat unmoved. Every boy 
in the school believed him, and almo.st envied 
his good name. 

Dr. Woods said no more on this subject, except 
these few words. Let every boy learn from this 
incident the worth of a good name, especially 
when appearances are against him. 

How came James' handkerchief in the con- 
servatory ? for, as I have said, it was contrary to 
the rules of the school for a bo}' to enter there 
unbidden. James had lent it to a small boj'' 
named John Rand, to tie up some nuts the day 
before, when they had a little ramble together. 
The boy forgot the rale of the school against 
entering the conservatory, but, seeing the door 
open, rushed in to look at some rare flowers. The 
handkerchief, being partly out of his pocket, 
dropped upon the ground. 

See here the evils of heedless forgetfulness. 
The boy had exposed a schoolmate to censure ; and 
had it not been for James Howard's good name, 
his teacher would surely have thought him to be 
the offender, xit least, so thought John Rand. 

How ashamed he felt when Dr. Wooils said 
these words about a good name. The words kept 
ringing in his ears. He had broken a rule of the 
school, and was afraid to own it. He tliought the 
doctor would despise him if licknewit,andso would 
the boys. All thai day, ail tiiat night, he had on 






156 



J-U^En^I3LE IIsrSTI?.TJOTOie/, 




peace. At length he went to see James. He was 
not afraid to tell him all about it. 

"I did forget it, truly, honestly I did," said the 
child; "but I'm afraid the doctor won't believe 
me as he does you." 

"Yes he will," replied James. "You have been 
so short a time in school, there's some excuse for 
you. Go at once, and own up : for the longer you 
put it off the harder it will be. Alwaj's own a 
fault at once. Don't be afraid ; the doctor will 
forgive you." 

Thus encouraged, the boy went to Dr. Woods, 
confessed his fault, and was forgiven : but he 
learned a lesson against forgetfulness which he 
alwavs remembered. 



THE CHILD'S KEY 



"Ai'NTV," said a little girl, "I believe I have found 
a new key to unlock people's hearts and make them 
so willing; for you know, Aunty, God took my 
father and mother, and they want people to be kind 
to their poor little daughter." 

■•What is the key?" asked .iunty. 

"It is only one little worcl — guess what? But 
Aunty was no guesser. ' 

"It is please," said the child; "Aunty, it is please. 
n I ask one of the great girls in school, 'Please 
sliow me my parsing lesson?' she says, 'Oh, yes,' 
and helps me. If I ask Sarah, Please do this for 
me?' no matter, she'll take her hands out of the 
suds. If I ask uncle, 'Please,' he says, 'Yes puss, if 
I can ;' and if I say, 'Please, Aunty'" — 

"Wliat does Aunty do?" said Aunty herself 

'■(>h, you look anil smile just like mother, and 
that is the best of all," cried the little girl, throtving 
lier arms around .\unty's neck, with a tear in her 
eye. 

Perhaps other children will like to know about 
this key; and I hope they will use it also, for there 
is great power in tlie small, kind courtesies of life. 

Oh, yes; kind words will even do more than 
the key of Chubbs' wonderful locks ! — Ex. 

HAIIRY IN A CLOUD. 



^- 



Wiiv, wliat is the matter with Harry to-niglit? 
His eyes have lo.'^t half of their usual glad light; 
There's a cloud on his brow whicli should never be 

there. 
And a scowl on the face which I once thought so 

fair. 



Well, now let us see if perchance we can trace 
The cause of this poor little miserable face. 
First, Harry this morning at breakfast was late, 
And raced thro' his toilet at such a quick rate 
That his bonnj' brown hair, truth compels us to 

say, 
Was as snarled as his temper has been all this 

day. 
Reproof from papa and mamma followed next. 
And Harry felt all the more sullen and vexed. 
Then bright little May looked up laughing, and 

said, 
"Dess Hawwie dot out the w'ong side of de bed !" 
Well school-time arrived, and our Harry, you see. 
Was so cross that no kiss from his mother had he, 
And perhaps for that reason things seemed to go 

wrong, 
And Harry was naughty the whole school-time 

long. 
He missed all his lessons, and spilled all his ink. 
And worked himself up in a terrible kink. 
But when he came home for the rest of the day. 
He seemed to have nothing but cross things to say. 
He snarled "yes" and "no," in so ugly a tone 
That mamma and his sister quite left him alone. 
And so all the day nothing seemed to work right. 
And Harry grew very unhappy towards night. 
So this is the cause of his sorrowful face — 
His light heart has gone — there's a stone in its place. 
Lie is thinking of bed-time, and what shall he do 
Without mamma's kisses so tender and true? 
But his proud little lips, they are so loth to speak, 
And ask for the pardon his heart longs to seek ! 
Come here, little boy, and jump up on my knee, 
And we'll fight all that bad pride away, you shall 

see; 
Why, how can you sleep if you lie down to-night 
Without an attempt to do that which is right? 
There are standing beside you, my boy, do you 

know, 
A good and bad spirit; now which one shall go? 
And which one shall enter this dear little heart 
That has acted to-day such a troublesome part? 
Abl now that is right! — there are tears in your 

eyes — 
I know you are going to do that which is wise. 
Go ask mamma's pardon, and soon this sweet face 
Of all this day's trouble will lose etery trace. 
I'm glad we have found our own Harry again, 
Lor the boy in his place gave us all so much pain. 
And now mamma's kisses come thick and come 

fast. 
And all the dark clouds have passed over at last. 



-t'5 



m 



i<$)Sfi-^ 



J"TJ^EIsriLEI IIsrSTI^,TJOTOI^, 



157 




TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



NEW RULINGS OP THE COMMISSIONERS. 




THE followiDg extracts from the circular addressed by 
the Utah Commissioners to the deputy registration 
officers of the Territory are of interest; 

"Rule II. The county registration officers shall forthwith 
procure from the clerk of the county court of their respective 
counties the last preceding registration list on file in his office, 
and by himself or deputy, on the first Monday in May, shall 
proceed to a revision of the same, and for this purpose visit 
every dwelling house in each precinct and make careful inquiry 
if any person whose name is on his list has died or removed 
from the precinct or is otherwise disqualified as a voter in 
such precinct, and if so erase the same therefrom, or whether 
any qualified voter resides therein whose name is not on 
his list, and if so to add the same thereto on such voter taking 
and subscribing the following oath or affirmation : 

"I, , being first duly sworn (or affirmed) depose and 

say that I am over twenty-ore years of age, and have resided 
in the territory of Utah for six months, and in the precinct of 

one month immediately preceding the date hereof, and 

(if a male) am a native born or naturalized (as the case may 
be) citizen of the United States, and a tax payer in this terri- 
tory, (or if a female), I am native born, or naturalized, or the 
wife, widow or daughter (as the case may be) of a native born 
or naturalized citizen of the United States, and I do further 
solemnly swear (or affirm) that I am not a bigamist nor a polyg- 
amist ; that I am not a violator of the laws of the United 
States prohibiting bigamy or polygamy ; that I do not live or 
cohabit with more than one woman hi the marriage relation, 
nor does any relation exist between me and any women which 
has been entered into or continued in violation of the said laws 
of the United States, prohibiting bigamy or polygamy, (and if 
a woman) that I am not the wife of a po^'gamist, nor have I 
entered into any relation with any man in violation of the laws 
of the United States concerning polygamy or bigamy. 

"And said registration officer or his deputies shall strike 
out from said list the names of all persons who he has reason 
to believe have become disqualified to vote under the act of 
Congress approved March 22nd, A. D. 1882, entitled an 'act to 
amend section 5,352 of the revised statutes of the United 
States in reference to bigamy and for other purposes' as quoted 
from the commencement of the act, unless, after being noti- 
fied in writing by the registration officer, or his deputy, such 
person shall take and subscribe the oath herein before set 
forth." 

The third clause in Tiule III. is as follows: 

"To make diligent inquiry and report to this commission the 
names of all persons, male and female, who they have good 
reason to believe have entered into polygamous relations since 
March 22, 1882." 

The foregoing is extracted from the instructions of the com- 
missioners to the deputy registration officers throughout 
Utah. The intention in giving them is evident. The people 
of Utah are to be visited by spies. Every registration officer 
who literally carries out these instructions becomes a spy upon 
the citizens. He enters the house. He makes inquiry. He 
ascertains if any registered person has died or removed frot/i 
the district "or is otherwise di.«(iualified as a voter." In this 
last clause lies the great possibility for mischief. It becomes 



his duty, if he obeys these instructions, to pry into the pri- 
vate affairs and private lives of the people. That this is the 
object to be accomplished is evident from the third clause in 
Rule III. which says : 

"To make diligent inquiry and report to this commission 
the names of all persons, male and female, who they have 
good reason to believe have entered into polygamous relations 
since March 22, 1882." 

Men who accept such duties and carry them out according 
to these instructions must have a very low opinion of them- 
selves. They are duties from which every honorable man' 
would shrink. The object to be accomplished is transparent. 
Everything is to be done that can be to raise a host of inform- 
ers throughout the country, to array class against class and to 
place everyone under ban who follows the dictates of his con- 
science in obeying the commandments of God. A meaner 
part was never performed by any officers than is proposed 
in these rules for these officials to enact. We should have 
scenes re-enacted here such as were witnessed in France in the 
days when Catholic was arrayed against Huguenot, or in Eng- 
land in the days when Catholic was arrayed against Protest- 
ant, if our people were not so united that they cannot be used 
as pliant tools. By disfranchising the leading citizens the 
hope has been entertained that ambition would be aroused in 
the young, who had not violated the law of 1862, to 
aspire to place and power, and that they would array them- 
selves against the senior portion of the community, or at least 
reject their counsels and emerge from under their control. In 
the failure to affect this consists the great disappointment 
that the enemies of our people have felt over the Edmunds 
law and its operations. 



KNOWLEDGE. 



SKILLED labor implies brains. A workman who uses his 
hands more than his head is of but little aecotint. The 
arlizan who is satisfied to get his week's wages on Saturday 
night, who cares nothing for his calling beyond the simple 
fact that it yields him a living, is a disgrace to his business. 
Any branch of skilled industry is honorable just in the degree 
that a man becomes proficient therein. The workman who 
aims to master his trade, availing himself of every opportun- 
ity to acquire useful knowledge connected therewith, benefits 
himself, not only in that he gains a position wherein be is 
enabled to command the highest rate of wages, but he also 
enjoys a peculiar, mental pleasure in overcoming difficulties 
and gaining a place of honor. One would naturally suppose 
that a lad who sets out to be a carpenter would very probably 
desire to know something of the history of building; and that 
books treating on the subject would be the most welcome to 
him. Unfortunately, this is not usually the ease. His fellow- 
workmen do not read such books, and why should he? Again, 
the elements of drawing are very simple. There is not an 
apprentice boy in the land who cannot learn to draw. One 
dollar spent in materials, and fifteen minutes devoted to draw- 
ing, each day, will make any lad quite proticient in the art in 
a few years' time. There is no trade wherein a knowledge of 
drawing may not be turned to good account. But if one were 
to go among a hundred workmen, it is doubtful if three could 
be tound capable of penciling the simplest forms. Besides 
the use to which the art of drawing may be turned, it is a 
source of rare nleasure, and every young workman ought to 
aim to acquire it. — Ex. 




^ 




-'e< 



15S 



uTJ'VEl^IIL.E i:DTST'I^TJOa?OI?/. 



EARTH'S CREATURES. 



THE SPIDER. 




"/^H, these abominable spider-webs ! " How often we hear 

^^ this expression from people who are in the habit of 
taking a stroll among the trees and bushes of the orchard ! 
Though, perhaps, these webs may be a nuisance to persons 
whose faces come in contact with them; yet, I can assure my 
young readers, they are of great value and benefit to the 
spinner — the innocent spider. This insect is our lesson for 
to-day. 

There are various superstitions regarding this little insect: 
If we kill a spider, or mygale, in the morning, ill luck will 
follow us throughout the whole day, etc. But it is not of 
these things I design treating, but to tryand tellmyyoungfriends 
something of what the spider does and can do. 

In the southern parts of Europe, where I have traveled, 
very large spiders are to be found. But these are very poor 
in silk, and must, therefore, use it with the greatest economy. 
Most mygales make their dwellings of the silk they spin, but 
those which I have mentioned bore holes in the earth, and, 
inasmuch as the walls of their cells would be rough and uneven, 
they use sparingly of their stock of silk in making the most 
beautiful decorations on the walls and nests to lie in. 

I will briefly describe the manner in which a ground-spider 
prepares its nest. As I have stated, a hole is bored in the 
earth, the sides decorated with silk, and a nest is made. But 
this is not all. If the place remained open, the spider would 
be liable to be attacked by enemies, therefore a door is made. 
This door is a cone-shaped piece of earth; on the outside it is 
uneven, like the ground, and runs to a point downward. It 
is easily understood that this will resist a wonderful pressure 
from without. For a door it is necessary to have hinges and 
lock. A very tough piece of silk is spun, and inserted in sueh 
a manner as to provide a hinge. As a lock, numerous holes 
are regularly bored through the door and wall; and whenever 
the spider is in danger of an attack, it thrusts its claws through 
these holes and pulls down with all its might, and thus secures 
itself. Mark the intelligence here displayed. See the good- 
ness of God to a spider! When this mygale wishes to go out 
she pushes up the door, and lets it fall back in place; when 
she returns, she lifts up the door — as people do, in many parts 
of Europe, who live below the side-walk — and, after she gets 
in. lets it fall to place again. And yet men can say there is 
no'iod! 0, tilindness! 0, ingratitude! 

The common garden-spider weaves a web worthy of ourpro- 
foundest regard. It is symmetrical, in brief, it is geometrical. 
Notice it. 

With regard to the silk of the spider, many have tried to 
use it, but few of these attempts have proven successful. As 
the thread of the spider is ninety times thinner than that of 
the silk worm, it is necessary to have 1,,S(I0 threads before a 
tissue can be made fit for use. There are instances on record, 
however, of some tbinns made from spider's webs. One is 
that from these web^ a pair of stockings and a pair of gloves 
were made for Louis XI^^, in 1709. A Mr. D'Orbigny made 
a pair of ilrawers from the silk of the spider which lasted a 
long time. 

But to return to the intelligence of the insect. It is in the 
manner of securing their prey that the spiders display much 
intelligence. One species will lie in a crack of the wall and 
watch, when its victim is near enough a sudden spring is made 



and the prey secured. Others wait on trees for caterpillars, 
seize them, suck them quickly and leave the body. 

Uncle Zeph. 



LOST IN THE SNO^V. 



JOB BR ANSTON was what is called a hard man. Perhaps 
Margaret should have waited longer than six short months 
after her mother's death before she married James Dixon. 
Not that it is likely six years of waiting would have won her 
father over to it. He sent a message into the town to Margaret, 
that he had done with her — she was never to show her face 
before him again. 

For some months all went well with the newly-married pair. 
Then commenced a series of domestic calamities, which was 
followed directly by the failure of James Dixon's health. In 
a very few weeks consumption carried him off. To crown all, 
in the midst of this distress and gloom, Margaret's baby 
came. 

This state of affairs was conveyed to her father. Job's 
answer was, that which a "hard" man was pretty sure to send. 
"She had" he said "made her bed, and she must lie upon it. 
He should do nothing for her.'' 

Margaret, by means of some plain sewing she got, struggled 
on in a poor lodging, which an old woman, nearly as destitute 
as herself, let her have for next to nothing. But the cold 
weather came. Her child was beginning to fade from want of 
proper nourishment. 

On the morning of a cold, lowering day, she took leave of 
her kind old landlady. A long weary walk of nearly sixteen 
miles was before her. There was snow upon the ground of 
some depth, owing to a .somewhat heavy fall two days defore. 
As she trudged on, she hugged the baby still more closely to 
her bosom, and that seemed to give her strength. But the 
snow again began to fall. A darkening change in the air told 
her that the growing dimness was not only that of the thick- 
falling snow — the night was come. The fierce, cold wind, 
strengthening in its roar, bade fair to be a tempest during the 
dark hour.s. 

A numbness began to seize on her ; her eyes were dazed 
with peering at the snow. Bells seemed to ring and voices to 
call her. No sooner had she struggled through one drift than 
another rose before her. At length, she could toil on no 
farther. She sank into the fast-heaping snow, with the little 
baby closely pressed in her arm.s. 

At this moment, JobBranston was sitting on his own lonely 
hearth. Suddenly, a large mastiff hound which he kept, 
rushed towards the door and set up a peculiar howl. 

"Nanny, bring me the lantern," said Job, speaking with 
a strange hoUowncss of tone. 

Nanny was his only domestic. As she gave it to him, she 
told bim in the plain dialect of those parts, that he was a 
fool for going out on such a night as thi.s. But out he did go 
with the light. Rover greeted him with his booming barkings, 
starting forward, leaping and plunging in one set direction. 
Job toiled along after him. They came at last to Margaret in 
the snow with the baby in her arm.s. It was, indeed, a labor 
for him to get them home ; but he managed it. A softening 
had come to Job in finding his daughter and his grand-child in 
the snow, he had somehow found — or had given him— a new 
heart. — Sdrrtcd. 





CTTJ'VElsriLE IIsrSTI€.TJOTOE.. 




159 



JENNY LIND. 




JENNY LIND was the child of comparatively poor parents in 
Stockholm, where she was born Oetoher 6th, 1821. Her 
mother taught school in an obscure street. 

When little Jenny was large enough to aid her, she would 
right up the rooms at rec"?5s, while her mother attended to 
heavier duties. She wag a happy child, but timid and sensi- 
tive. 

One day, when about nine years of age, she was sweeping 
and dusting, and singing like a mounting lark. Her soul was 
full of joy, and she was warbling it forth in sweet, glad strains 
until the air of the little school-room was burdened with the 
melody. Aye, and the air without caught up the harmony, 
and bore it to the occupant of a carriage that was just then 
passing through the narrow street. 

"^'Stop,'" commanded the lady to her driver. She alighted, 
and sought the little songster. 

Could it be? This little giil with pinched cheeks and soiled 
hands; so plain, and withal so shy! 

Yes. She had warbled the sweet, clear notes, the outgoing 
of her pure, glad heart. It was the worship of her unstained 
soul. The Father heard it, and was pleased. 

"Is this your daughter, madame," said the actress to the 
mother. "She has a sweet voice for singing. There's a 
fortune in it. I must take her to Crealius." 

The mother smiled dubiously. The little Jenny stood 
aside, and looked on wonderiogly. "She make a fortune! 
Why she could only sing her little songs, and who would 
listen to them?" 

But the kind lady would take her to Crealius, the master of 
music. Crealius was delighted, and said she must go before 
Count Puch^, a great judge of the voice. 

And the trembling child was carried into the presence of the 
judge. 

"And what do you expect to have done for this child," 
asked the count very gruffly of Crealiu?. 

"Only hear her sing," responded the teacher, "and you 
yourself shall decide." 

The little girl stood meekly before them. Then she tossed 
her head a little to one side, and then came stealing out 
such strains of glad song that the count sat transfixed. 

"She shall have all the advantages of Stockholm Academy," 
said he with enthusiasm, as the last notes died away. 

And she did, and the whole city rang with the praises of 
the little girl. She sang for the public, and studied hard, 
for she began to realize the prediction of the kind lady who 
had brought her forth from her seclusion. The future was 
full of glorious promise to the bounding heart of the aspiring 
child. 

But oh ! what a shock, to all these grand hopes when 
suddenly one evening shs found her voiie gone. Not a note 
could she make. She had been called upon to sing in a 
higher part than ever before — ?he had long looked forward to 
this goal and had eagerly pressed towird it. 

The house was fall. Evrerybody in Stockholm knew the 
little cantatrice, and she was a favorite with all. Her time 
came, she took position on the stage. Every eye was fixed on 
the child form — for Jenny was not now twelve years of age. 

She essayed to sing, but not a note could she make. Again, 
but no sound came. Her voice was gone, wholly gone. Her 
master scolded — it was of no avail. Her friends expressed 
surprise. But the little one was mute. Oh! what a trial 
for her, as covered with shame she was borne to the dressing 



room. Perhaps no bitterer disappointment ever befell a 
young spirit than this, that had so suddenly overtaken the 
little girl. But she did not despair. 

"I will study," said she, and for four years she did study 
with unremitting energy. 

One day another voice was needed in a choir. None of the 
practiced singers would take the part, it was so insignificant. 
Crealius bethought him of his poor little scholar, and 
asked her if she would undertake it. Wishing to oblige him, 
she consented to do so. She practiced as best she could. 
And lo ! what joy ! One evening at rehearsal, hef voice came 
bsck in all its fullness and sweetness. Her friends were 
jubilant, and she was too happy for words. She could only 
weep. The public received her as one raised from the dead. 
Jenny Lind was now sixteen. Her ambition was fully aroused. 
She longed to cultivate to the highest, the powers God had so 
kindly bestowed on her. She desired above all things, to go to 
Paris, where she could be tauf;ht by the first masters, but she 
was young, and no one offered to defray the expenses of such 
an undertaking. She decided to go under the protection of 
her father through Norway and Sweden, giving concerts 
until sufScient money had been realized to enable her to carry 
out her purpose. This she did, and when she had secured 
(he means, she set out alone for Paris. Neither mother nor 
father could accompany her. They could only entrust her to 
God, and to her innate sense of right. 

She rested herself after reaching the gay capital, and then 
sought the house of Sarvia, a distinguished instructor. Pre- 
senting herself and making her wish known, she was bidden to 
sing. When she had ended, he looked at her and said: "My 
child, you have no voice; do not sing a note for three months, 
and then come to me again." 

Another disappointment. But the brave soul did not mur- 
mur nor despair. She felt there was a high destiny before her, 
and she could attain to it. So she went back to her little room 
in the strange city, and gave herself to her studies with unre- 
mitting painstaking. When the three months had passed, she 
went again to the master, and when she had sung, he said, 
"My child, j'ou can begin lessons immediately." She perse- 
vered with the same cheerfulness that had always characterized 
her life, and in a few years she was famous in Europe and 
throughout America. 



"Books That Tell the Troth." — It is a very easy 
matter to produce story books — mere fiction. A vivid imag- 
ination can run on and "conjure up" endless probabilities 
possibilities and impossibilities, on which hungry, starving 
minds may feed till they die. But what's the use? Why 
make a funnel of the human intellect, and run through it all 
the slops of appetite and passion? Why spoil the memory 
by reading foolish stories not worth remembering? It is this 
mental dissipation that ruins many a naturally good memory. 
Stop it! If one would have a retentive and reliable memory 
he must thinlc as well as look. Reading nonsense requires no 
exercise of the thinking faculties. We repeat, we should 
read only that which is worlh remembering, and then remem- 
J>n- it. If we read works of true science, philosophy and 
real usefulness we shall grow. The mind expands by digest- 
ing what it takes in. The very best discipline for self culture 
is to learn what are the functions of the different organs of 
body and brain. Then, reader, if you are wise, you will read 
only "such books as tell the truth," — Ex,. 





g&i»- 



160 



J-CrVEHSTJILE] IltTSTI^TJGTOI^. 



OUR MOUNTAIN HOME SO DEAR. 



Words by E. B. Wells. 



Music by E. Stephens. 



4= — « — • 
-^ — • — 10- 




1==tr=c 



E?iEr 






:^; 



=^ 



^^^ 



-jzhztii 



-^z^-iX. 



g 



-^r- 



-^■=- 



Our mountain home so dear, Where crystal wa - ters clear Flow ev - er free, Flow ev - er free; 



X=^ 



ICl 



.^.^ti-:t=: 



.t=:=Ni=tHi=|K 



-(=^ 



11 



Flow 



I 
er 



free. 



,■8-=^- 



'6^«E^ 



:^5=q^q 



J— •'- 



-«-j-^ — • — ^_j_^- — ^ — «— '-« — 



^; 



-^--1 



While thro the valleys wide, The flowers on ev - ry side, Bl(wming in stately pride. Are fair to see 

-■' J -•-*- '^^ — — — --- ' ) -T ^ -»' 



ifc 



^^5 



1e 



:!•-: 






-X 



:t 



SS 



We'll roam the verdant hills, 
And by the sparkling rills 

Pluck the wild flowers; 
The fragrance on the air, 
The landscape bright and fair, 
And sunshine everywhere, 

Make pleasant hours. 

In sylvan depth and shade, 
In forest and in glade. 
Where'er we pass, 



C H ARADE. 



HY K. H. .SMYTH. 



Our neighbor has a promising son: 
You'll find his name is tliinl; 

He had a horse that wouldn't go, 
It acted .juite absurd. 

A day or two ago, the boy, 
With patience wearied out, 

Resolved to make him faster go. 
And j)Ut him to the rout. 

His father, watching from the door, 
At first seemed quite amused; 

But soon began to think his son 
The neronil borse abused. 

With fir.sl in hand he sallied forth. 
And gave him many a blow; 

He beat him sore until he cried, 
"Please, father, don't total so." 

My whole is a bird, to that I confess — 
Its name before long you surely can guess. 



The hand of God we see, 
In leaf, and land, and tree, 
Or bird, or humming bee. 
Or blade of grass. 

The streamlet, flower and sod 
Bespeak the works of God, 

And all combine, 
With most exquisite grace. 
His handiwor'<c to trace. 
Through nature's smiling face. 

In art divine. 



"That ls the Way. " — After a great snowstorni, a little boy 
began to shovel a path through a large snow-bank before his 
grandmother's door. He had nothing but a small shovel to 
work with. 

"How do you expect to ge through that drift?" asked a 
man passing along. 

"By keeping at it," said the boy, cheerfully. 

"That is the way." 

That is the secret of mastering almost every difiiculty under 
the sun. If a hard task is before you, stick to it. Do not 
keep thinking how large or how hard it is ; but go at it, and 
little by little it will grow smaller until it is done. — Ex, 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND PrFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



eEORaK Q.. CANNON, 



KDITOR 




The answer to the Enigma, published in No. '.), Vol. I'J, is 
Water. We have received correct solutions of the same 
from John W. Saunders, Salt Lake City; T<ena M. Jenkins 
and .\lbert Curtis, f^ogan; Josephine Workman, Farmiogton; 
Ktey MiltoD, Paradise. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE: 

Single Copy, per Annum, - - - $2.00. 

Office, South Temple Street, one-and-a-half blocks west of 
the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




