
T ZHI IE G- B B JL T BELL OF MOSCOW. 



WHAT does out picture represent this time? It is the Great 
Bell of Moscow. What an immense one! Yes, it is more 
than 21 feet high, and nearly 68 feet round at the bottom. It 
weighs 4-13,772 pounds, or more than 22,1S8 tons. Did you 



Some of our little readers who have come from England may 
have heard the deep voices of Great Tom of Lincoln, or Big 
Ben of Westminster; but this bell, the largest of them all, lias 
never sent forth its deep tones from tower or steeple. It has 




ever think, little friends, thai :i bell could be made to weigb I never been bung. I' lies on the ground near the great palace 
half as much as that.' It may well be heavy, i;.r its thickest |*t Moscow, and. unfortunately, as you may Bee in the picture, 



parts an- 2:; inches, or nearly 2 feel through. STou ran think 

what a ma-- of metal it inn t have taken to make it. It was 
cast more than two hundred years ago (in 1653) by order of 
the Empress Annie. 



it is broken; and ti broken bell, as we suppose you all know, 
•annul, ring. 
Ynii may desire to know how it was broken. It is said the 
building where it was east caught lite. The bell, of ionise, 



.■ofc* 



h 



-^e&ci 



170 



JUTE1TILE IITSTRUCTOB 



!>«■ 



became very hot. The people who were trying to put out the 
fire, unfortunately threw sonic water on the bell. It cracked 
and afterwards broke. 

Did any of you ever have the misfortune to spill some cold 
water on a hot stove and crack it? If so, do you know the 
reason? It is this; heat expands or swells metals, cold contracts 
or shrinks them. So when cold water falls on a piece of hot, 
expanded metal, the part thus cooled immediately tries to 
shrink. The other part not cooled by the water will not shrink, 
so they part company, not being agreed, and a crack or break 
is the result. Thus it was with the Great Bell of Moscow. 

Some of our readers may not know where Moscow is. It is 
one of the largest cities in Europe, and the ancient capital of 
the Russian Empire. St. Petersburg is the present capital. 
In our picture we are shown a part of the palace called the 
Kremlin, from which the Emperor, or Czar as he is termed, 
appears to have just ridden forth in his carriage, as the officers 
are saluting, and the people bowing as it draws nigh. 

If our little friends will take a map of the world they can 
easily find Moscow. They will then see what an immense 
country is Russia; extending all along the northern part of 
Europe and Asia from the Baltic Sea to the Pacific Ocean. 
Russia did also have large possessions on the north western 
coast of this continent; but, last summer, the Czar sold them 
to the United Slates for seven million dollars. Still so large is 
this empire to-day that its people have for neighbors, Lapland- 
ers, Germans, Poles, Turks, Tartars and Chinese, far apart 
from each other as these people dwell. 

There is one thing more we would like to tell you of Moscow. 
Fifty five years ago (in 1812) France and Russia were at war. 
The Emperor Napoleon determined to invade Russia. He raised 
an immense army, and with it advanced through Germany into 
Russia as far as Moscow. But there he found few Russians. 
The people had fled. They preferred leaving their homes to 
falling into the hands of the enemy. Worse than this the city 
was soon one vast fire. The French could not save it, nor their 
own lives either. They could get no supplies. Winter was at 
hand. They must return at once to France. Thousands 
started, but few reached there; for the cold of a Russian 
winter, and the attacks of the Russian soldiers destroyed the 
greater part of Napoleon's vast army. He himself had to give 
up his throne, and leave his kingdom in the hands of his 
enemies. This is called in history the burning of Moscow. 

G. R. 



tftttts ffn'crjtfcjTs WhiU* 



fc 



8 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

"VISIT XIII. 
THE LORD WILL PROVIDE. 

[CONTINUED.] 

iX the morning Mary and Ellen were seated in the parlor with 
their parents and Elder R. They had been talking very 
freely upon the various animals they had seen and the stories 
Elder 11. had related to them. They now listened very atten- 
tively to tin- following conversation between papa and Elder 11. 
"I had no idea," said papa, "that there was so much preju- 
dice against the Latter-day Saints until 1 brought up the subject 
in the work shop to-day, when I found quite an antagonistic 
feeling against the people and the principles they teach. In a 
large establishment like ours, employing so many men, we 



have quite a variety of different opinions, and followers of diff- 
erent religions. We have Catholics, Protestants, Calvinists, 
Methodists, and Rationalists who do not believe in any religion, 
but who pride themselves upon disbelieving everything that 
savors of religion and love to wrangle and discuss. They do 
not believe in tradition, hence they discaid the Bible as a book 
of fables. The others all profess to believe in Jesus Christ, 
but differ in points of doctrine. There is one question I should 
like to ask you. You said the other evening that an angel 
restored the everlasting gospel. Is there anything written in 
the Bible that would lead us to expect such a visitation." 

"Yes, sir," replied Elder R., "and if you will hand me a 
Bible, I will read from it and give you chapter and verse." 

Mary arose from her chair, and handed Elder R. the Bible. 

"I presume, sir," said Elder R,, "that you are satisfied that 
there are so many conflicting opinions that it is difficult for any 
one to determine which is right or to satisfy himself that any 
are right. It is very certain that Jesus Christ, the founder 
of the church, called by the Romans, Christians, or 
followers of Christ, left his organization perfect upon 
the earth, and his disciples or followers enjoyed communion 
with him through the Holy Ghost. Church history con- 
firms this. In Paul's letters to the church at Corinth, he wrote: 
'And God hath set some in the church, firstly Apostles, 
secondly prophets, thirdly teachers,' etc., 1 Corinthians xii. 28; 
and to the Saints which were at Ephesus he wrote: 'and are 
built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus 
Christ himself being die chief corner stone.' Ephesiaus ii. 20. 
And to impress upon their minds the necessity of them and 
their mission, he wrote: 'and he gave some, apostles; and 
some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some pastors and 
teachers; for the perfecting of the Saints, for the work of the 
ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ: till we all 
come in the unity of the faith, and of the knowledge of the 
Son of God unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the fullness 
of Christ.' ' Ephesiaus iv. ii. 12. 13. 

My little maidens, I would advise .you to take your Bibles and 
read these and the following quotations used by Elder R.; for 
they will give you an understanding of the first principles of 
the doctrine of Christ, and they will also give you an insight 
into the reasons that induced the parents of Mary and Ellen to 
leave their native country. As well as in my semi-monthly 
visits, I will also give you an account of their journey, and how 
they learned that the Lord will provide. 

"Now, that Jesus called this organization," continued Elder 
R. "is related by Mark in the iii chapter, the 14th verse; 
Matthew x chapter, ami the first five verses; the vi chapter of 
Luke and the 13 to 16 verses. It is true that we have not a 
very full account of the mission of Jesus; but we have sufficient 
evidence left on record to prove that the same or a similar 
organization, was organized by the Savior eighteen hundred 
years ago, as he has organized again on the earth in this day. 
I would simply ask you, sir, has that organization continued? 
have the people coma to the unity of the faith, or is there any 
likelihood of that ever taking place?" 

"I must confess," said papa, "I never noticed the church 
organization in the light you have placed it. It seems from the 
Apostle that it was to continue until all had come to the unity 
of the faith: but, in the christian world, there is certainly a 
grand division of the faith." 

"True, sir," replied Elder R., "but there is another impor- 
tant feature in this that seems to be entirely looked over by 
thinking men, that is that Jesus Christ was sent of God. 
Turn to the third chapter of Matthew, 17 verse; also vii chap. 
John [6 and is, ix 4, x. 18. 2'J to 38. Hebrews, the first 
chapter. In the 4th chap, of St. John Jesus declared, in the 
34 verse, 'uiy meat is to do the will of him that sent me. and 



» 



feefe^ 



JTJYBHILE IITSTBUCTOB. 



171 



to finish his work.' He is the head of the church. Through 
Hiui is made manifest the will of the Father unto his children 
dwelling upon the earth. Did you ever notice the heading of 
the revelation of St. John, the divine, the first verse: 'The 
revelation of •Testis Christ, which God gore unto him to show 
unto his servants things wldch must shortly come to pass; and 
he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John. ' In 
this verse we are told that God the Father gave this vision to 
Jesus Christ, who sent his angel to communicate it to John. 
and, through him, to all who should believe on the divine 
mission of Jesus Christ. Jesus sent the Apostles and conferred 
upon them that peculiar spirit called the Holy Ghost, the com- 
forter, the spirit of revelation, that was to proceed from the 
Father and to teach them all things. Herein is the power of 
the church of Christ and the key by which all may know who 
has the truth, a faithful observance of the commandments of 
the Father as demonstrated through the apostleship will secure 
the gift of the Holy Ghost. Do you not understand, sir, that 
unless these men had been empowered by the Lord Jesus, they 
could not have preached his doctrine, and the reason of the 
grand division of the faith you alluded to is nothing more than 
the result of a grand apostacy. 

"Now," said papa, "you have not quoted any passage con- 
cerning the angel. " 

"Turn with me to the xiv of Revelations, the sixth verse," 
said Elder 11., " 'And I saw another angel fly in the midst of 
heaven having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that 
dwell on the earth, and to every nation, and kindred, and 
tongue and people, Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and 
give glory to him, for the hour of his judgment is come: and 
worship Him that made heaven and earth, and the sea and the 
fountains of water.' " 

To be Continued. 



LIFE O IT GEORGE 
STZEIPIHIIEITSOIT. 



Taken from a little irorlc— The Rocket— published by the 
American Tract Society. 



CHAPTER IV. 



-TWO CITIES THAT WANTED TO GET NEAR EACH 
OTHER— A NEW FRIEND. 



MANCHESTER, thirty miles south-east of Liverpool, is the 
great centre of the cotton trade in England. Its cloths 
are found in every market in the world. Cotton coming to 
Liverpool is sent to the Manchester mills, and the goods which 
the mills turn out are returned to Liverpool to be shipped else- 
where. The two cities, therefore, are intimately connected by 
constant intercourse and mutual interest. 

Two water communications existed between them; one by the 
rivers Mersey and Irw T ell, the other by the famous Bridgewater 
canal, which did immense business at an enormous profit. But 
the Manchester mills were fast outgrowing these slow and 
cumbersome modes of travel. Liverpool warehouses were 
piled with bales of cotton waiting to go, and the mills at Man- 
chester had often to stop because it did not come. Goods also 
found as much difficulty in getting back. Merchants and man- 
ufacturers both grumbled. Business was in straits. What was 
to be done? Carting was quite out of the question. Canal 
owners were besought to enlarge their water power. No, they 
would do nothing. They were satisfied with things as they 
were. Their dividends were sure. 

But want demands supply. Need creates resources. Some- 
thing must be done to facilitate the transit of goods between 
the two cities. What? Build a tram road or a railroad. No- 
body, however, but a very fast man would risk his good sense 



by seriously advising a railroad. Solid men would certainly 
shun him. A tram-road was a better understood thing. The. 
collieries had used small pieces of them for vears. A tram-road 
then. Business men put their heads together and began earn- 
estly to talk of a tram-road. 

Edward James, a rich and enterprising man, entered heartily 
into the project, and undertook to make surveys for a suitable 
route. And not long after a party of surveyors were seen in 
the fields near Liverpool. Their instruments and movements 
excited attention. People eyed them with anxiety: suspicions 
were roused: the inhabitants became alarmed. Who were 
they, making such mysterious measurements and calculations 
on other people's land? A mob gradually gathered, whose 
angry tones and threatening gestures warned the surveyors of a 
storm brewing over their heads. Wisely considering that flight 
was better than fight, they took themselves off, and by and by 
turned up farther on. 

The land owners, who might be supposed to have known 
better, told the farmers to drive them oft'; and the farmers, with 
their hands, were only too ready to obey. They stationed 
themselves at the field gates and bars with pitchforks, rakes, 
shovels, sticks, and dared the surveyors to come on. A poor 
chain-man, not quite as spry as his pursuers, made his leap 
over a fence quickened by a pitchfork from behind. Even 
women and children joined the hue and cry, pelting the stran- 
gers with stones and dirt whenever they had a chance. The 
colliers were not behind the farmers in their foolish hostility. A 
stray surveyor was caught and thrown into a pit. 

At the sight of the theodolite their fury knew no bounds. 
That unoffending instrument they seemed to regard as the very 
Sebastopol of the enemy, to seize and destroy which was to 
win the day. The surveyors, therefore, were obliged to hire a 
noted boxer to carry it, who could make good his threats on the 
enemy. A famous fighter among the colliers, determined not 
to be outdone, marched up to the theodolite to capture it. A 
fist and fist fight took place; the collier was sorely beaten, but 
the rabble taking his part against the poor instrument, pelted 
it with stones and smashed it to pieces. 

You may well suppose that surveying under such circum- 
stances was no light matter. What was the gist of the 
hostility? It is hard to tell. The canal owners might have had 
a hand in scattering these wild fears; fears of what, however, 
it is not so easy to find out. There was nothing in a simple 
horse railroad, or tram road as it is called, to provoke an 
opposition so bitter from the people. It was a new thing; and 
new things, great improvements as they may be on old ones, 
often scare up a thousand doubts and fears among the ignorant 
and unthinking. 

Nor did the project generally take among those who would 
be most benefited by it. Mr. James and his friends held pub- 
lic meetings in all the towns and villages along the way, enter- 
prising men in Liverpool and Manchester talked it up anil tried 
to create a public interest; but there was a holding back, which, 
while it checked all actual progress in the enterprise, did not 
cause it to be altogether given up. The time had not come. 

That was all. 

To be Continued. 



Cause of Uneasiness. — 'Tis the fancy, not the reason of 
things, that makes us so uneasy. It is not the place, nor the 
condition, but the mind alone, that can make anybody happy 
or miserable. 

Time is the only gift in which God has stinted us; for he 
never intrusts us with a second moment till he has taken away 
the first, and never leaves us certain of a third. 



!Je*r^- 








J" IT "V" IE ZL\T I L IE I1TSTRTJCTOR 



®fnt sFu&etuIs insfrucfur. 






•IB 



GKOKGE Q. CAJNWOW, : KDITOK. 

NOVEM BER 15, 18 67. 

EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




OW thankful the children of this Territory 
ought to be, for the privileges which they 
f enjoy! They are taught in the ways of the 
(iik - & ~^f~'h ''""' ''. v >ii-]iii'eil teachers — men who are 
themselves taught of the Lord. The peo : 
%£ pie who call themselves christians outside 
^sS^G of this church rely entirely on the Bible for 
ifffes. their knowledge of God. They do not pro- 
■CTre^ fess to have any knowledge of their own on 
* the subject. They state that God never 

speaks to men in these days, and, of course 
then, he never spoke to them. When the ser- 
vants of God tell them that the Lord has 
5j\ spoken, they contradict and persecute them. 
Does not this seem strange to you, children? 
en calling themselves followers of Christ, and yet 
ienying his right to speak to them. 

But how is it with the servants of God by whom 
you are taught? If the Bible, the Book of Mormon 
and the Book of Doctrine and Covenants were to be taken away, 
still they know God for themselves. They understand the 
truth, not by reading books alone, but by the teachings of the 
Holy Spirit. They can show all the inhabitants of the earth 
what to do to please God. This makes the so-called christian 
preachers mad. We have some of this kind of men iu this 
city. Men who know nothing about God themselves, and 
would like every body else to be as ignorant as they are. We 
have seen a circular they have issued from this city, under date 
of October 8th. There are three of them who have signed it. 
One calls himself a bishop, another a presbyter and the third a 
deacon. They address the circular to their "Dear Christian 
Brethren." In it they say they are the only christian minis- 
ters in this Territory. They call loudly on the folks outside ot 
the Territory for help. They want money. They ask for 
fifteen thousand dollars at present. They want to buy a lot. 
They want to erect a school house. They also want to build a 
dwelling house— a Rectory. They have got a hall, and they 
will try and make that answer for a place to meet in at present. 
>ione of the fifteen thousand dollars, therefore, is to be spent 
for that. 

They plainly state in this circular what they want to do. 
They want to lead the children astray. Juveniles, .you are the 
ones for whom the nets are to be spread. They have no hope 
of converting your fathers and mothers to their way of think- 
ing. Your parents know that these men's religion is but a 
system of idolatry. But they think they can mislead you. 
They think you can not distinguish the voice of a wolf from 
the voice of the true Shepherd. 

Hear what they say to their "Dear Christian Brethren " 
about you: 



"Increasing thousands of children are growing up in this 
Territory, who have never heard of any other religion than 
the Mormon; who know absolutely nothing of any other social 
system than Polygamy" 



Again they say. 

"If this land is to be saved, through the Holy Spirit to civili- 
zation and Christianity, the children must be tsiught and 
trained in civilized Christian ways. Remember that without 
such teaching and training, the children will, of course, accept 
Mormonism and Polygamy, in which they have been born and 
bred, to which they have become naturalized, than which they 
know absolutely nothing else, tor a religion, or for a scheme 
of social life." 

"The children must be taught and trained in civilized Christ- 
ian ways." 

You can not understand the full meaning of this sentence 
until you visit cities where "civilized Christian ways" are 
followed. Your parents understand them. They are thankful 
every day that they are delivered from them, and that they can 
bring you up where you cannot see them. Could you see them 
as they are, and contrast them with the ways in which you are 
being trained, then the vileness and iniquity of the scheme of 
these three so-called Christian ministers would be plain to you. 

They say further about their labors here: 

"The great, feature of the work is the teaching and training 
of the children." 

This shows up their whole plan. They have come here, and 
hopeless of doing anything with your parents, they mean to 
turn their attention to you. Already they boast of having a 
hundred scholars in their.Sunday school. Every child they can 
coax or induce to go there, they will gladly welcome. By these 
means they think they can destroy the kingdom of God. But 
they will be disappointed. 



IB I IB LIE QTJESTIOHS 



FOR OUR JUVENILES. 



1. When was Jesus Christ born? and where? 

2. Who was king over the country where our Savior was 
born? 

3. What did this king do to children from two years old and 
under? and what was his design in doing this? 

4. Who baptized Jesus? 

5. Can you name the Twelve Apostles ordained by Jesus 
while living on the earth? 

6. Who was the mother of Zebedee's children? 

7. What act have we on record w _ hich Joseph of Arimathaea 
did soon alter Jesus was crucified? 

8. What is the meaning of the word Golgotha? 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 

CHARADE. 



BY J. S. THORNTON. 



I am composed of 1 3 letters. 
My 3, 6, 12, 12, 9, 11, grows in our Dixie. 
My 1, 2, 8, 4, is a nick name. 
My 5, 10, 7, is the great ruler of the day. 
My 12, 9. 13, is a child's plaything. 

My whole is a county in a State from which the Saints were 
driven. 



When you rise in the morning, form the resolution to make 

the day a happy one to a fellow-creature. It is easily done. 

, A kind word, an encouraging expression — trifles in themselves 

We are very thankful to the Lord that this can be said of | light as air— may make some heart light for at least twenty- 

you, children. ' four hours. 

^ - ±££ 



•arc 



JTJYEUILB IITSTBTJCTOR 



b: i s t o ir, -sr 



Jtor the 

OIF 1 



Juvenile Instructor. 

JESUS 




CHAPTER VII. 

JESUS came on the earth to die; it was a part of his mis- 
sion; for, as it is written, "God so loved the world that he 
gave His Only Begotten Son to die for the sins of the world." 

It was a very hard thing for his apostles to believe that Jesus 
would be put to death, for they had been so much with him, 
they knew him to be good and innocent. From time to time, 
he would intimate to them, and tried to make them understand, 
that the enemies of truth would take his life, and even told 
them that he would be betrayed into their hands. 

As Jesus sat in the house of his friends, in a place called 
Bethany, a woman came in, with a box of very precious and 
costly ointment, and poured the ointment on his head. Judas, 
one of the twelve, was much displeased, and found fault with 
the woman because she had wasted the precious ointment, and 
said, "Why was 
not this ointment 
sold for three 
hundred pence 
and given to the 
poor?" He did 
not ask this ques- 
tion because he 
cared for the poor, 
but he was dis- 
honest, and, as he 
was the treasurer 
and took charge 
of the money, he 
would get posses- 
ion of it, and put 
it in his own pock- 
et. We shall see 
what became of 
Judas. No dis- 
honest person will 
prosper for a great 
length of time. 
They may seem to 

do so for a season, but God is sure to reward them according to 
their works, and they will sooner or later come to a bad end. 
None but honest people will remain in the kingdom of God. 

Jesus told Judas to let the woman alone, for she had clone 
right — she had anointed him for his burial: and he said to his 
apostles, that they always had the poor with them, and always 
had opportunities for doing them good, but they would not 
always have him, and he said that what the woman had done, 
should be told in remembrance of her, wherever the gospel was 
preached, till the end of the world. 

Once every year, the people called Jews, were required to go 
up to Jerusalem to keep the feast of the Passover fioni the cir- 
cumstance of the Israelites passing over the Red Sea when the 
Lord delivered them from the cruel bondage of Pharaoh, the 
king of Egypt. It was a marvelous deliverance, for the Lord 
divided the water of the sea so that Moses led the people 
through on the bottom of the sea, while the water was rolled up 
like mountains on each side of them; but Pharaoh and all his 
army, who followed the Israelites to destroy them, were 
drowned in the sea, for the Lord let the water roll back again 
into the bed of the sea and buried them. Then the Lord com- 
manded the Israelites to celebrate that day and keep it in re- 
membrance, by making a feast of unleavened bread every year, 
on the same day of their great deliverance. 

Jesus and his apostles went up to Jerusalem to keep this 




feast, in which they were not allowed to eat any light bread, 
and it was sometimes called the feast of unleavened bread. On 
the evening of the first day of the feast, Jesus sat down t 
supper with his Twelve Apostles, and as they were eating, he 
said that one of them would betray him. This made them feel 
very sorrowful, for they knew that wicked men who held 
the authority, were seeking to find some pretence against him 
so that they might take him, and each one said to him "Lord, 
is it I?" Jesus knew who it was, and he told them how they 
might know, for he said the one who would betray him would 
dip in the same dish with him. And he said, "Woe to that 
man by whom the Son Ahman is betrayed! It would have been 
well for that man if he had never been born." 

Then Jesus took bread and blest and brake it and gave to 
them, and said "Take — eat; this is my body." And he took 
the cup and blest it in the same manner, and told them all to 
drink of it, and said, "This is my blood of the new testament, 
which is shed for many, verily I say unto you, I will drink no 




more of the vine until I drink it new in my Father's kingdom." 
This is what is called the Lord's Supper, it being the last he 
partook of before his death, and he commanded his disciples to 
do the same, in remembrance of him, until he conies again on 
the earth in the last days. This is why the Latter-day Saints 
partake of the sacrament — sacrameat means the same as the 
Lord's supper. And when they had sang a hymn, they went 
out into the Mount of Olives, which you see represented by It he 
engraving. This picture probably represents it as it is now, 
not as it was at the time when Jesus was upon the earth. They 
called it a Sabbath day's journey (three miles) from Jerusalem. 
On this Mount, Jesus sat when he told Peter that before the 
cock should crow twice, he would deny Jesus three times, but 
Peter could not belive it. He said if he should die, he would 
not deny Jesus. But Peter did not know what he would do, 
for in that respect, he had not been tried. 



E. R. S. 



THE ECHO.— Little George had not yet the least idea of 
an echo. One day, he happened to cry out in the fields, "Ho! 
ho!" and he instantly heard the same words repeated from the 
neighboring thicket near him. 

Surprised at the sound, he exclaimed, "Who arc you?" upon 
which the same voice also returned, "Who are you?" 

George cried out, "You must bo a very foolish fellow!" 




±74: 



JUYEKILE IUSTBTJCTOB. 



'"Foolish fellow!" repeated the voice from the thicket. George 
then began to grow angry, and he uttered words of defiance 
towards the spot from whence the sound proceeded. 

The echo faithfully repeated all his words. Then, George, 
in order that. he might avenge himself, searched through the 
wood for the hoy who he supposed was mocking him, but he 
could find nobody. 

After searching in vain for some time, he ran home and 
complained to his mother that a wicked boy was concealed in 
the wood for the purpose of mocking him. 

"Ah, now you are complaining of your ownself,'' replied his 
mother. "Know that you have heard nothing but your own 
words; for even as you have seen your face reflected in the 
clear water, so you have just heard your own voice in the 
woods. 

"If you had uttered an exclamation of kindness, you would 
have received the same in reply." 

It is thus in every-day life. The conduct of others toward 
us is generally an echo of our own. 



Sen, t.u\i *» 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 

LITTLE GEORGE AT SUNDAY SCHOOL. 

A TRUE STORY. 

[SECOND PART.] 

AFTER the man in the pulpit had got through praying, and 
i lie teachers who had been praying together had wiped 
th'ir es and blown their noses with a great noise, the child- 
ren ii is different classes were arranged around the teacher as 
lie -i m the head of his class on his stool, and for a short time 
they wi re taught to read. 

L v. as no trouble for George to read the books they had in 
his class, which were the a, b, ab books. 

After the reading was over, then every scholar was called to 
stand before the teacher and answer questions. 

It came to little George's turn to stand before the teacher, 
who said to him: 

"What is your name?" 

"My name is George." 

''Who gave you that name?" 

''I don't know: I have been called George ever since I can 
remember.". 

"But my poor, ignorant, little boy, do you not know that your 
godfathers and godmothers gave you that name when you were 
christened? ' 

"Did they? who are my godfather and godmother, were they 
very great people?" 

Now, George was a little boy who possessed great curiosity, 
and would a>k a thousand questions about anything which he 
did not understand, and wondered at everything that appeared 
strange to him. He had great faith, believing everything that 
was told him, wondering at everything which he could not 
understand, and doubting nothing. 

When the teacher on the stool told him that he had a god- 
father and a godmother, his curiosity and wonder were aroused; 
at the same time he felt glad that he had relations that were 
gods. He thought that his godfather was a very great being, 



and that his godmother was another very great being, and he 
wondered why he did not know where they lived. 

May be you would like me to explain to you about godfathers 
and godmothers. 

It has been the practice in the Roman Catholic church for a 
great many centuries, (a century is a bundled years.) and it 
has also been the practice of many other churches, for the priest 
or minister to sprinkle water on the faces of infants as soon as 
they are a few days old, and as the drops of water are falling 
on the unconscious child's face, while being held in the arms of 
the minister, he gives it the name by which it will be called all 
its life afterwards. 

Now. there must always be present at the time of the 
christening, persons who are friends of the father and mother 
of the infant, to be godfather and godmother to the child. 

Two persons — one godfather and one godmother — are re- 
quired in the Roman Catholic church for each infant: in the 
Church of England three persons are required; but formerly 
there was no limit to the number. 

This sprinkling of infants is supposed by those churches to 
be the true christian baptism; but it is not so, for Jesus Christ 
said, "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved." Now 
you know that a new-born infant cannot believe anything, and 
is therefore entirely unfit to receive baptism. Instead of 
baptizing little children Jesus took them in his arms and blessed 
them; but he did not sprinkle water on them and call it 
baptism. 

Sprinkling water on a person is not baptism. The true 
Christian baptism is administered, by a man having authority 
from Jesus Christ, to persons who first believe on Jesus Christ 
and repent of their sins. The man having authority takes 
them down into the water, and plunges them in it overhead, so 
that they are buried all over; then he raises them up out of the 
water, which is like a resurrection to a new life. In this way 
they are buried with Christ in baptism, or. in other words, 
"they are baptized into Jesus Christ." The apostle Paul says 
that baptism is being "planted together in the likeness of his 
death." And that all those who have been thus baptized wdl 
also be '"in the likeness of his resurrection.'' That is, if they 
are faithful in keeping his commandments to the end of their 
lives. 

All those who are not baptized in this way are not true 
Christians. 

In the sprinkling of infants, to which I have referred, the 
godfarther and godmother are expected to answer for the future 
conduct of the infant about to be sprinkled. They also promise 
for the infant, to renounce the devil and all his works, and 
follow a life of goodness and virtue. And they further bind 
themselves to see that the infant is properly instructed in the 
duties of religion. 

These promises and engagements, however, are very seldom, 
if ever, fulfilled. 

But we have left little George standing in front of the 
teacher, who proceeded to ask him more questions. 

The next question that he asked was: 

"Who made you?" 

"God." 

"Who redeemed you?" 

"Jesus Christ." 

"Who sanctified you?" 

Little George got on pretty well till he came to the last ques- 
tion, for he had always been taught, ever since he could remem- 
ber anything, that God made everybody and every thing, and 
that Jesus Christ was the Redeemer of the world; but the word 
sanctify conveyed nothing to him that he had ever heard of 
before. 

After thinking a little while what he should say. little George 
simply answered, 

"1 don't know." Uncle George. 



Hi 



J~ IT \T IE 1ST I Xj IE IITSTRUCTOB. 



175 



§|i*pitl!jt!j. 



3? ir, o if is :e t _ 



the 




,,V> FTER Joseph and the other brethren 
J^CM^ had been in Liberty jail some time, they 
concluded they would try and make their 
escape. They did not come to this con- 
clusion, however, until they had first tried 
every means they could to obtain their 
liberty by law. The evening of the 7th 
^Sj§!* of February was the time selected to make 
r j^, the attempt, when the jailer came in with 






3"^ their suppers. To be sure that they were 
right in trying to get away, Hyrum Smith asked 
his brother Joseph to inquire of the Lord. He 
did so, and the Loid said that if they were all 
agreed, they could go clear that evening. He 
said also that if they would ask, they should each 
have a testimony for himself. They all received 
the testimony, and wanted to go that evening, but 
J>&, Lyman Wight, He said they might go if they chose; 
but he would not. All they could say did not change 
him; but he told them if they would wait until the 
nest day, lie would go with them. They did not think that 
the promise of the Lord was for that day and not for the next, 
so they agreed to wait. That night the jailer came in alone 
with their suppers, and left the doors wide open, and they could 
have got out very easily; but they had promised Lyman Wight 
to wait. The next evening the jailer brought a double guard 
with him; six of the brethren also came in with them to see 
Joseph and his companions. The jailer seemed to be much 
frightened, and when he came in, he very carefully locked the 
door after him. There did not seem to be much of a chance to 
get away; but th»y had airreed to go, and they were determined 
to try. When the jailer started out, they started too. Hyrum 
took hold of the door, and the rest followed. But they were 
not quick enough. The jailer and guards succeeded in closing 
and locking the door. The brethren who had come to see them 
were all locked in but one. He caught two of the guards, one 
under each arm, and ran down stairs with them. When he 
reached the ground, they got away from him. and he started to 
run; but put his foot in a hole and fell. This fall saved his 
life, for just theu a bullet, shot by ojie of the guards, passed 
over his head. 

This attempt to escape created great excitement. The 
people of the town gathered around the jail, and proposed vari- 
ious plans for destroying Joseph and the brethren; but they were 
so divided that they could not agree upon anything. At this 
time of excitement some of the brethren spoke of their being 
in great danger. Joseph told them not to fear; not a hair of 
their heads should be hurt, and those who had come in to help 
them should not lose any of their things, not a bridle, saddle or 
blanket. He said they had offered their lives for himself and 
companions and the gospel, and the Lord accepted the offering. 
Joseph's words were fulfilled to the letter. The brethren who 
came to -visit and help them had their trial. Brother Erastus 
Snow, who was one of them, was counseled by Joseph to plead 
his own cause. He did so in such a forcible and eloquent 
manner that they discharged him. The lawyers were all 
anxious to know where he studied law. The other brethren 




were released on bail, and they did not lose a single thing 
they had brought with them, although their articles were in 
various parts of the town where they stopped. 

While Joseph and his fellow-prisoners were in Liberty jail, 
an attempt was made to poison them. It was supposed that the 
poison was mixed in their tea or coffee. The effects were dread- 
ful, and it was only by much faith and prayer that they escaped 
death. For five days at one time they had flesh brought in to 
their prison for them to eat, which the guards called "Mormon 
beef!" Their stomachs turned against it. None of them 
could touch it, but Lyman Wight. He was hungry, and ate 
some of it. It was human flesh. The monsters who had 
charge of the prison wanted to starve them into eating it. 
This was the refinement of cruelty — none but the most wicked 
and abandoned of men could have thought of committing such 
deeds. 

We told you that in July, 1838, before Joseph was taken 
prisoner, he and the brethren were desirous that the Lord 
would show unto them His will concerning the Twelve Apostles. 
Joseph inquired of the Lord. On the 8th of July he received 
the word of the Lord on the subject. One point in the revela- 
tion was, the Twelve were commanded to prepare to take their 
departure the next spring for Europe to preach the gospel. 
They were to take leave of His Saints on the 26th of April on 
the building spot of the Temple at Far West. How was this 
revelation to be fulfilled? The Saints had been compelled to 
leave the State. They dared not stay, for they were threatened 
with death if they did. The prophet Joseph was in prison, and 
President Brigham Young, who was now President of the 
Twelve Apostles, was in Quincy, Illinois. The most of the 
Apostles were also there. How could it, then, be fulfilled? The 
apostates and mobbers said it would surely fail. They 
declared that this revelation proved Joseph to be a false proph- 
et. Let the Twelve coaie to Far West, said they, if they dare; 
if they do they will be murdered. But God had his own plan 
for fulfilling His word. . He inspired his servant Brigham to 
take steps to comply with the requirements of this revelation. 
He was determined to go to Far West, and on the day appoint- 
ed, start with his brethren from the building spot of the House 
of the Lord on their mission to Europe. Many of the breth- 
ren in Quincy thought that the Twelve ought not to try and 
fulfill the revelation. If they did, they thought they might 
be killed. Their enemies had driven them out and prevented 
them from doing as the Lord commanded, and He would accept 
the will for the deed. This kind of reasoning did not satisfy 
President Brigham Young and his brethren. They started on 
the 18th of April, 1839, from Quincy to go to Far West. Of 
the Twelve Apostles there were Brigham Young, Orson Pratt, 
John Taylor, Wilf'ord Woodruff and tieorge A. Smith, the two 
last named were chosen to be Apostles but had not yet been 
ordained. Alpheus Cutler also accompanied them. On the 
21st they met John E. Page, who was also one of the Twelve 
Apostles, and he returned with them. While they were going 
up to fulfill this revelation, Joseph and his fellow prisoners, 
were making the best of their way out of the State. 

The roads on which the Twelve traveled were full of Saints, 
who were fleeing from Missouri to Illinois. They met Elders 
Elins Smith, Theodore Turley and Hyrum Clark (of the com- 
mittee, who were left at Far West to attend to the removal of 
the poor) on the 24th. They returned with them. Brother 
Heber C. Kimball was still in Missouri. He had visited Rich- 
mond for the purpose of seeing Brother Parley P. Pratt and 
the others who were in prison with him. The guard told him 
that they would blow his brains out if he attempted to go near 
them. Brother Parley P. Pratt sent, sister Phelps to warn 
Brother Kimball to leave immediately. The mob were assem- 
bling, and had sworn to tar and feather him and ride him on a 




CTTJATSn^TILS I1TSTRTJCTOR. 




rail. They suspected that he had helped Joseph and his fel- 
low-prisoners to escape. He and Brother Shadrach Rouncly 
were together, and they mounted their horses and rode towards 
Far West. This was the 25th day of April. Brother Kim- 
ball expected the Twelve to arrive there that day. 

Early on the morning of the 20th of April, 1S39, the Twelve 
arrived at Far West and were joined by Brother Kimball. 
They organized a conference and cut off thirty-one persons from 
the church. They then went to the building spot of the Lord's 
House. A part of a hymn on the mission of the Twelve was 
sung. Alpheus Cutler, the master workman of the House, 
then re-commenced laying the foundation of the Lord's House, 
by rolling up a large stone near the south-east corner. After 
which Elders Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, Orson 
Piatt. John E. Page and John Taylor laid their hands on 
Wilford Woodruff and George A. Smith, and ordained them to 
fill the vacancies in the quorum of the Twelve Apostles. Dar- 
win Chase and Norman Shearer, who had just been released 
from Richmond prison, were ordained to the office of Seventies. 
The Twelve then offered up prayer, each one in his order, and 
sang another hymn. This finished, they took leave of the Saints 
present, according to the revelation. They numbered eighteen. 
As they were leaving the town Theodore Turley knocked at 
the door of one of the apostates who lived there, and told him 
what had been done. He could scarcely believe his senses, and 
was speech'ess. The apostates and mobbers did not dream of 
such a thing as the Twelve fulfilling the revelation. 



STOEIES ABOUT IDOC2-S- 



SOME dogs are fond of music, while others seem not to be 
affected by it in the slightest degree. These two anecdotes 
are related by the author of a recent volume. He is speaking 
of a friend: "As soon as the lamp is lighted and placed on the 
sitting-room table, a large dog of the water-spaniel breed 
usually jumps up and curls himself around the. lamp. He 
never upsets it, but remains perfectly still. 

Now, my friend is very musical, but during the time the 
piano is being played the dog remains perfectly unmoved, until 
a particular piece is played. He will not take the slightest 
notice of loud or soft pieces, neither sentimental nor comic, but 
instantly the old tune entitled ''Drops of Brandy" is played, 
he invariably raises his head, and begins to howl most pite- 
ously, relapsing into his usual state of lethargy as soon as this 
tune is stopped. My friend cannot account for this action of 
the dog in any way, nor can wc learn from any source the 
reason of its dislike. 

"Again, the wife of an hotel-keeper, lately deceased, posses- 
sed a pet lap-dog which delighted in listening to its mistress 
playing on the piano; if the usual hour for her daily practice 
passed by the dog would grow impatient, snap and bark, and 
be perfectly uneasy until the lady consented to gratify its wishes 
by sitting down to the instrument and playing a few tunes. 
During this operation the dog would sit motionless on a chair 
by her side, and when the music was ended he would jump 
down, quite satisfied I'm- that day.' 1 

( tin- of the most affecting stories I ever heard about a dog. 
writ'-- a correspondent of the British Workman, was told me 
many years ago by an uncle of mine who once lived in Paris. 
My uncle was walking' on one of the quays when he .-aw a man 
approach, holding a <\<>z by a chain. The poor animal was 
frightened, and yet did not attempt to struggle as he was being 
led along. He looked up pkeously at his jailer and every now 
and then tried to fawn about his feet as if pleading with him. 



"Poor beast, he might know seemingly what was going to 
happen to him," said the man. 

"What is going to happen?" inquired my uncle. 

"Sir, I'm going to drown him; that is what will happen." 

"But why, sir, are you his master?" 

"I am certainly his master, and he is old, poor Ponto! I'm 
sorry, but it must be." 

The dog gave a low whine, and trembling crouched close to 
his master. 

"He does not seem so very old, and drowning is a hard 
death," said my uncle. 

"Sir, he is quite useless." 

While he was speaking the words, the man unmoored a little 
boat, lifted the dog in and rowed to the middle of the stream. 
When he came to where the water was deepest my uncle saw 
him lift up the dog suddenly, and throw him with great force 
into the stream. 

If the master had thought that the dog's age and infirmities 
would prevent his struggling for life he was very much mis- 
taken, for he rose to the surface, kept his head well up and 
trod the water bravely. The man then began to push the dog 
away with an oar, and at last losing all patience, he struck out 
so far to deal the dog a blow by which he overbalanced himself 
and fell into the river. He could not swim, and now began the 
generous animal's efforts not to save his own life but that of the 
master who was trying to drown him. The dog swam to him, 
and seizing fast hold of his coat-collar, hell him up until a boat 
put off to his rescue and brought him, half drowned and wholly 
frightened, to the sliore, his faithful dog barking, crying and 
licking his hands and face in the greatest excitement of affection. 
I remember still the look with which my uncle used to tell how 
he stepped forward and asked the man, "Do you still think him 
useless — this noble, generous dog?" 

"I think he deserves a better master," said a gentleman who 
had witnessed the incident; and there and then he made an 
offer to buy Ponto, but the man, embracing his dog, said 
hoarsely, 

"No, sir, no, I was wrong, and as long as I have a crust I 
will give half to my poor Ponto." 

A woman who had a basket on her arm came up at the time 
and said, "I should think you would, indeed, or else you ought 
to be ashamed to look him in the face," and out of her basket 
she took a piece of meat, and the dog was feasted and patted, 
and made much of, and from that time as long as my uncle 
stayed in Paris he often saw Ponto on the Quay, and the story 
of his generosity to his master made him so many friends that 
the dog's keep was no longer burdensome. No one was suffer- 
ed to molest him, and his old age was doubtless the happiest 
period of his life. — Hie Children's Hour. 




m- The Answer to the Charade in No. 20 is TABERNA- 
CLE. Correct answers were sent us by S. Fowler, jr., H. Brew- 
er, Annie M. Jarvis, E. D. Simon, J. S. Thornton, E. B. 
Thornton, W. Hunter, D. Stoddart. 



CTTJ^EISrZIuS UnTSTRUCTOE/ 

/.-.■ publtsned in Qrtat Salt Lake Ci'y, Utah Territory, 
ON THE FIRST &, FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum .....S3 00 

Single Copy, lor Six Months 1 50 

#?f* 77 it expected where agents forward names they will be rrsprmsible 
for ■'■''■ papers thus ordered; -/>"' wlien Cash payments are made, they 
will please forward them with the letter containing tfte names of the 
subscribers. 



P& 






vm^vnBmffimsRWflmi 




