^ 



Si; 



^^mm^ 




VOL. XVUI. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 1, 18S3. 



NO. 



INDIANS VIKWINa THF PACIFIC RAILROAD. 



FORTY years ago the whole country west of the Missouri 
River was a barren, forlorn and almost uninhabited waste. 
Only a few brave adventurers and explorers had traversed its 
wide plains or journeyed among its many mountain ranges. 
It was a suitable dwelling place for wild beasts, an excellent 
hunting ground for the sayages. Had it not been for the 



through the blessings of God, in not only sustaining them- 
selves, but also in collecting those things which tend to make 
life pleasant. To the persecuted Saints, then, let some credit 
be given for making a garden in a place where the land had 
been considered to be sterile beyond the hope of redeeming. 
The progressive nature of God's people induced them in 





"Mormons" this extensive country would, in all probability, 
still have been partially devoid of its attractiveness, its teem- 
ing wealth and its busy hum of industry. They, being forced 
to flee before the bloody hand of persecution, sought in the 
"American Desert" that which is dear to every human being 
— a home. There with bravery unsurpassed, and per.severanco 
unequaled they combated with the elements, and succeeded 



less than five years after their arrival in these valleys to peti- 
tion Tongress to construct a grand national railroad from 
the Missouri IMver to the Pacific coast. This niomorial, which 
pas.sed the legislative as.sembly on the 14th of February, 1S.52, 
and obtained the signature of (Jovernor B. Young on the 4th 
of March following, received no great attention in the halls 
of (Congress. Some statesmen even ridiculed the idea rff such 



34= 



J-TJ^El^ILEl in^ST^^TJOTOI?.. 



::^ 



an enterprise, although the petition stated that "it is believed 
that not less than five thousand persons have perished within 
three years from a lack of proper means of transportation." 
The thought of a railroad being a means of preserving human 
life, should alone have induced the nation *to undertake the 
labor. But this was not the only advantage to be gained, for 
the gold mines of California and the mineral wealth of Utah, 
then only partially developed, gave promise of richly repay- 
ing the country for its outlay of means. Still, notwithstanding 
these prospects, the memorial was unheeded by those into 
whose hands it was given ; but the Saints did not relinquish 
the hope that their suggestion would yet meet with 
approval. 

The tide of emigration, which yearly increased, finally led to 
the inauguration of a movement to build a trans-continental 
railway. The work was undertaken and in order to facilitate 
matters the "Mormons" graded and tied about four hundred 
miles of the most difficult part of the Union and Central 
Pacific railroads. 

On May 9th, 1809, the last rail joining the two roads was 
laid in Ogden. Thus was the iron band which connected the 
western with the eastern country completed. Where for years 
the slow ox-teams had wended their way, the iron-horse was 
now seen making rapid strides ; and where formerly small 
companies of emigrants had camped, villages and towns were 
built as if by magic. 

Our engraving represents the Indians taking a view of the 
railroad. They do so, perhaps, with mingled feelings of fear 
and regret; their fear being occasioned by seeing the 
superiority of the "pale-face" over them, and their regret the 
result of his encroachment upon their lands. 

Well may they feel sorrowful, for as the white man began 
to build up the western country, the Indian was still more 
confined, until only the small tract of land comprised within a 
reservation was allowed those who once were masters of the 
entire continent. No wonder that a spirit of hatred was 
engendered within their breasts against those who thus robbed 
them of their lands, without giving them any remuneration 
therefor. 

Justice hidtes her face in shame at the recital of the dealings 
of this nation with the noble red man, for which injustice 
there is no plausible excuse. But what a joy it must be to 
these Lamanites to learn from the Great Spirit that they are 
not destined to remain in so degraded a condition ! That they 
will yet become a white and delightsome people, whom God 
will acknowledge as His chosen seed ! Yet, that such a con- 
dition of affairs will ultimately exist, we as Saints do not 
doubt, and then will our dusky brethren be recognized by 
mankind as a choice seed, a people whom God delights to 
honor. 



CHRIST THE TEACHER'S 
PATTERN. 



OTTTDY diligently the character of Christ as a teacher. 
^ Observe how He accommodated His instructions to the 
wants, the prejudices, the understanding of the people; how 
He availed Himself of their habits and customs, their occu- 
pations and history, to give form and force to Hisin.structions. 
He descended fo their level, and showed Himself their friend. 
He encouraged their questions, and solved them, when 
proper, without seeking their applause of His wisdom, or 



asserting His superiority. He was firm, decided, bold, yet 
gentle, patient and unobtrusive. He approached men as they 
were, and remembered their prejudices and their ignorances. 
His teaching was uniformly natural ; His illustration of truth 
plain and forcible ; His exhortations were not empty phrases, 
urging His hearers to duties they did not understand ; His 
instruction and advice always went together. He was intelli- 
gible to every sincere hearer, and impressed His doctrines by 
motives and arguments which commended themselves to every 
unseared conscience. He exemplified in His own life all that 
He taught. His sincerity was never made questionable by 
levity of manner, flagging of interest, or wavering of purpose. 
He was not discouraged by His little success, nor provoked by 
the incredulity with which His assertions were received, nor 
disheartened by the inconstancy of His disciples. He truly 
was "a teacher sent from God ;" and let all who bear that 
office keep their eye fixed on the one model of all perfection. 
The grand characteristic of His teaching was simplicity. 
The language He used was fitted to the youngest and most 
illiterate of His hearers. With a mind qualified to baffle all 
the learning of the scribes and the wisdom of the philoso- 
phers. He used the plainest speech of the country, and loved 
to make His instructions familiar to His hearers by referring 
to the most common subjects of their observation and by 
employing the simplest allegories and comparisons to fix His 
lessons in their memory. "The common people heard Him 
gladly." 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



( Continued from page \ 9. ) 

WHEN it was learned at Nauvoo that Brothers P. H. and 
B. H. Young, Richard Ballantyne, James Standing 
and James Herring had been kidnapped, writs were issued 
and a call made for a posse to go and arrest the kidnappers 
and rescue the prisoners. This company was under the com- 
mand of William Anderson and William L. Cutler. They 
succeeded in arresting fifteen of the kidnappers, and found 
some of the properly belonging to the men who had been kid- 
napped, but could not find them. Another company was 
raised at Nauvoo for the same purpose, and put under the 
command of William E. Clifford. These movements excited 
the mob, and they circulated all manner of false rumors 
throughout Hancock and the adjoining counties respecting the 
intentions of the "Mormons," and used all their influence to 
get the surrounding counties to help them to drive the "Mor- 
mons" and "Jack Mormons," as they called those who were 
friendly to law and order, from the state. 

Another cause of excitement in the county was the part 
taken, by the Saints residing there, in the election. When 
the Twelve Apostles left Nauvoo they gave particular counsel 
that the Saints should take no part in iiolitics or interfere in 
the elections, as such a course would have a tendency to 
exasperate the mob, and cause them to commence hostilities 
upon the defenseless and poor who were left behind, and to 
stop the sale of ))roperty by preventing the influx of new 
citizens into Nauvoo to make purchases. This counsel was 
neglected, and its neglect, besides producing bad feeling, was 
productive of no good result, for the opposite i)arty beat the 
party for which the Saints voted in the county by a majority 
of several hundreds. It is said that this was done by making 
false returns. 




^ 



J-TJ^Ein^ILEl Ij^STI^TJOTOI^. 



35 




Levi Williams, who led the mob which murdered the 
Prophet Joseph and his brother Hyrum at Carthage jail, and 
who professed to be a Baptist minister, was very active in 
instigating the mob and giving them all the aid in his power. 
The mob succeeded in getting out writs for several new citi- 
zens who were objectionable to them, and tried to get them in 
their power for the purpose of murdering them, but failed to 
do so. The new citizens of Nauvoo held a meeting on the 
12th of August, at which a report was made by the committee 
who waited upon the mob that had gathered at the house of 
Levi Williams, at Green Plains, to induce them to return 
peaceably' to their homes. This committee stated that the 
utter recklessness and want of courtesy exhibited by the anti- 
"Mormons" precluded allhopesof treating with them. Several 
speeches were made and a committee of five appointed to draft 
resolutions expressive of the sense of the meeting. These resolu- 
tions set forth the threats of the mob to the effect that if the 
new settlers of Nauvoo did not drive the Saints from said city 
across the Mis-ssissippi on or before the 10th of September 
fallowing, they themselves would do so with their own hands 
in the most violent manner; also that the new settlers would 
not acknowledge the rightof theanti-"Mormon" party to inter- 
fere with them or with their policy, also that they (the new 
settlers) still continued to place implicit confidence in the 
"Mormon" people and the pledges given by them relative to 
their departure for the west that season. 

A man by the name of John Carlin was illegally appointed 
a constable by a justice of the peace, and he tried to raise a 
posse to go to jNauvoo for the purpose of arresting, upon 
illegally-issued writs, certain new citizens who had been 
wrongfully accused of crime. This was a mere pretext for 
the purpose of creating difficulty and driving the Saints from 
the city. Mr. William I"]. Clifford who was president of the 
trustees of the town of Nauvoo, but was not a Latter-day 
Saint, wrote and sent a letter by express to Governor Ford 
for assistance to protect the town against the mob. The 
governor sent Major James R. Parker, of the Illinois militia, 
to Nauvoo, and gave him instructions, that, in case of an 
attack on the city, he was to take command of such volunteers 
as might offer themselves, free of cost to the Sfnte, to repel it 
and to defend the city. In .some correspondence between 
Parker and Carlin, Carlin said that he would treat him and 
his officers as a mob, if they attempted to molest him. In 
the meantime he was doing all in his power to rai.se an armed 
force to aid him in executing his pretended writs. Parker 
issued several proclamations, in one of which he declared 
Hancock county in a state of civil war. In this proclamation 
he said : 

"Nothing is more absurd than the idea that an armed force 
IB neces.'-ary to execute civil process in Nauvoo. I bold my- 
self in readiness to aid in executing warrants issued for the 
apprehension of any person in this place, or in any other part 
of the county, so soon as the armed force now assembled 
under pretense of a constable's pos.se .shall have been dis- 
banded. 

General James W. Singleton, i>f Brown county, took the 
chief command of the mob. lie was assisted by J. B. 
Chittenden, of .Vdanis; N. Montgomery, of McDonough; 
James King, ol'Schuyler; J. II. Sherman, of Hancock; and 
Thomas S. Brockman, of Brown county. Major Parker 
wrote to Singleton, the mob commander, for the purj)0.--e of 
effecting a com promise, to which Singleton roplic'd. I'arker 
again wrote, stating tliat the conditions wcr<; under considera- 
tion, and soliciting an interview with .such persons as Single- 



ton might name to agree upon the articles of settlement. 
Articles of agreement were drawn up, requiring all the Saints 
to leave within sixty days, and were signed in behalf of the 
anti-" Mormons" by some of the parties just named, and by 
Major Parker, Mr, Smith, Mr. Reynolds, and Mr. Edmonds 
of Nauvoo. Instead of Parker defending the city and resist- 
ing the attack of the mob, as he should have done, he treated 
them as his equals, and made a treaty with them, agreeing to 
their terms and signing the agreement in his official capacity. 

But the mob were not satisfied with these terms. Sixty 
days were too long for them to wait. Besides it was not the 
removal of the Saints that they wanted; it was their blood. 
They wanted an opportunity to murder, to rob and to indulge 
in general violence. Singleton, when he found what a temper 
his officers and men were in resigned his position as their 
leader. Chittenden also resigned. Singleton wrote to Smith, 
Reynolds and Parker stating that the mob had rejected the 
articles they had signed, which he thought were as fair as any 
reasonable or feeling man could ask the "Mormons" to do, 
and they must therefore consider him no longer connected 
with the mob camp in its future proceedings. 

Carlin immediately appointed Thomas S. Brookman, of 
Brown county, to be leader of his party, who made "a soul- 
stirring speech to them," and gave orders to march. The 
mob themselves reported their number to be seven hundred, 
with many baggage wagons and every way prepared for a 
campaign; but it was believed they numbered over a thousand. 
Many of the new citizens of Nauvoo, feeling that danger was 
fast approaching, and expecting a general massacre, left the 
city for other parts. The remaining citizens, what few were 
fit for duty, prepared for the worst ; but the large proportion 
of those belonging to the Church were sick and destitute and 
included many women and children. 

{To be Continued.) 



SLUaaARDS. 



BY HE.\RKNETr. 



THERE are as many important subjects to be written upon 
by those of a literary turn of mind, as there are drops of 
water in the ocean ; and just as it takes all these little drops 
to form the ocean, .so also does it take all of these subjects to 
make perfect the ocean of eternal progress. Consequently, 
in selecting the subject of sluggards, for a brief article. 1 
trust the readers of the Instkuctou, will accept the excuse 
with which I have prefaced this selection of suggestions and 
ideas especially if they imagine that the article is uncalled 
for. 

I do not deem it necessary to stop and define the meaning 
of the word that constitutes the heading to this article, as 
very nearly all are aciiuainted with it ; but I will give my 
views of it. 

The Lord said He would have a peculiar people, when He 
would gather them out from among the nations, and it has 
been remarked^and that very truly — that no matter what 
particular cla.ss of people there is in the earth, there is to be 
fo\ind a speciini'n of each kind in the ('hurch of Jesus Christ 
of Latter-day Saints. This is the result of the work com- 
mitted to the fishers of the gospel — where they cast the 
gospel net into the sea of human life, it brings forth fi.sh 



S^ 




36 



J-TJ'VEllSril-.E inSTSTI^TJCTOI^. 




of every kind, and therefore we also find the sluggard 
among us. 

We can very easily comprehend the economy of Jehovah in 
this respect. If we had no such characters in our midst, we 
would miss many chances of improving ourselves, for through 
observing their lives and conduct we are led to avoid following 
in their footsteps and thus meriting the displeasure of our God, 
as well as the disgust of all sensible people. 

It is the candid opinion of the writer, that it is often the 
fault of the parents of the sluggard, in that he possesses 
such obnoxious trait^;. If they had trained him up in the 
paths of industry when young, and had pointed out to him 
the evils arising from pursuing any other course, he would in 
all probability never have left that road, but would have con- 
tinued to try and emulate the examples of industrious and 
faithful men. Some of the parents in Israel do not seem to 
consider the future and eternal welfare of. their "olive 
branches," or they would not miss so many golden oppor- 
tunities of sowing the seeds of truth in the hearts of their 
children. 

On the other hand, also, our boys should be on the guard 
against encouraging feelings of idleness to creep into their 
hearts, for the seeds once sown, are hard to uproot. There is 
not a more diligent gardener than Satan, andif he can manage 
to sow seeds of dissolution in the garden of our boys' souls, 
he will water them and see that they grow and bear fruit, 
unless the intense rays of the light of God's Spirit shine 
upon them, and cause them to parch and wither away. 

In every department of the handiwork of the great Creator, 
there are untold lessons of industry to be learned by the 
sluggard. Solomon knew this, and therefore said: "Go to 
the ant, thou sluggard ; consider her ways and be wise: which, 
having no guide, overseer or ruler, provideth her meat in the 
summer, and gathereth her food in the harvest. How long 
wilt thou sleep, sluggard? When wilt thou ari.se out of 
thy sleep? Yet a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding 
of the hands to sleep : so shall thy poverty come as one that 
traveleth, and thy want as an armed man." [Prm-prhs ri, 

6 n.) 

I might, with consistency, stop right here and not write 
any more, for the description given by this wise philosopher 
is an article itself. 

The sluggard, in the eyes of the industrious, is nothing 
more than a deformed, or, we might say, degraded specimen 
of the creation, and, in the words of Solomon, "as vinegar to 
the teeth, and as smoke to the eyes, so is the sluggard to them 
that send him. ' ' ( Pi-dvcrhs x 2fi. ) 

'Or, to give a little better explanation, as vinegar sets the 
teeth on edge, and smoke is vexatious to the eyes, so negligent 
and dilatory pcr.sons vex and provoke them who send or 
employ them in any important bu.'-ine.*s. 

Neither riches, learning', honor, nor happiness is to be gained 
by mere sluggish desires, without diligent endeavors; but they 
who, in a dependence upon God, industriously u.se i)roper 
means, shall have a sufficiency of earthly things, and an end- 
less career in the eternal kingdom of God. Hence, the same 
inspired philosopher remarks, "The soul of the sluggard 
desireth and hath nothing; but the soul of the diligent .shall 
be made fat." (J'mmrhs xlii. 4.) He also says: (xx. 4.) 
"The sluggard will not plow by reason of the cold, therefore 
shall he beg in harve.st and have nothing." In the ^Gth 
chapter of his Proverbs, from the 1.3th to lOth verses, he 
portrays some of the traits in the character of the sluggard, 
and says, "As the door turns upon its hinges, so doth the 



slothful upon his bed. The slothful hideth his hand in his 
bosom, it grieveth him to bring it again to his mouth. The 
sluggard is wiser in his own conceit, than seven men that 
can render a reason." 

As a c-ummary to this article, I would counsel our boys to 
shun habits of slothfulness, and avoid all company that tends 
to such degrading traits. Never indulge yourselves in sloth and 
want of provident care ; but learn from those tiny insects, the 
ants, which Solomon sets as an example, to labor diligently in 
your calling, and carefully improve every opportunity of 
honestly providing for yourselves. Remember that, if the 
inclination to be idle and slothful, so common to mankind, be 
indulged in by you, whether in a greater or smaller degree, 
poverty will irresistibly come upon you. You will always 
notice, that they who have no mind to labor, never want pre- 
tences for their idleness; and their sluggish fancy represents 
to them the most improbable and insuperable difficulties. It 
is almost a toil for such to turn themselves on their beds, as 
Solomon very properly remarks; and though they may seem 
busy, they do nothing to the purpose. Though they move in 
the formal round of external duties, they are never a whit 
nearer heaven. Pretending cold or inability, they can scarcely 
apply themselves to any work ; and it is almost a burden for 
them to take their meat. Bat though they take no pains to 
acquire knowledge, they look upon themselves as perfect 
miracles in wisdom, and treat with absolute contempt every 
argument that can be used to convince them of their mistake 
and danger. 



ADVICE TO YOUNa MEN. 



THERE is no harm in a certain moderate and occasional 
amount of innocent pleasure. But a yountr man who 
has his own way to carve in life, can spare neither the time, 
the strength, nor the expense of much social pleasure. In 
the country, where the style of living is simple, one can get 
all the gaiety he needs without spending much money. We 
recommend to every young man who is starting in life the most 
rigorous ecmomy in exp'jn^es; in clothes, food, and equip- 
ment. Young men usually do not take their measure of econ- 
omy from what they can actually endure, but from what 
society around ihem is accustomed to demand. 

By far the greatest number of young men have only their 
hands, their good character, and their mother-wit for capital. 
Success will require ingenuity, industry, and rigorous econ- 
omy. The practice of these qualities for ten years ought to 
put a sensible man on a good foundation, on which he can 
build an enduring prosperity. Bat if a young man must 
have three or four "outings" a year; if he must join various 
societies which tax his slender resources severely ; if he must 
be counted upon for parlies, balls, suppers, or drinking bouts; 
if he must pay for billiards and prime cigars, he will find it 
up-hill work to save enough to mike his mid-life ani old age 
comfortable. Youth may be the time for jilea.sure, but that 
is no reason why a man should sciuandcr the best part of his 
life. Youth is good for plexsure; but it is the very time, too, 
for learning, for work, or self discipline. And pleasure itself 
does not need to be pecuniarily expensive. Do not be ashamed 
to economize, no matter what the girls thmk, nor what the 
boj's think. Build your.scif up in intelligence and sound 
morals. Acquire an honorable competence, and you will have 






J-TJ'V^EIlNril-.El I3^Sa?I^TJGTOI^, 



37 




a chance to lend money to the fools that ridicule your rigid 
economy and your scrupulous employment of time. 

Resolve that, except the most imperative necessities required 
for health and strength, you will not spend a penny, either for 
charity or luxury, except from your Income. Earn your 
money before you spend it. The effect of this will be to curb 
all expensive impulses, and reduce your actions, in the spend- 
ing of money, to a conscientious rule. We believe that six- 
teen men out of every twenty that begin life poor, remain 
poor to the end of life; but that every one of these sixteen 
earned enough, if it had been saved, to have made him entirely 
independent. 

Foolish spending is the father of poverty. Do not be 
ashamed of work, and of hard work. Work for the best 
salaries or wages you can get, but work for half-price rather 
than be idle. Be your own master, and do not let society or 
fashion swallow up your individuality — hat, coat and boots. 
Do not eat up and wear out all that you earn. Compel your 
selfish body to spare something for profits saved. Be stingy 
to your own appetite, but merciful to others' necessities. 
Help others, and ast no help for yourself See that you are 
proud. Let your pride be of the right kind. Be too proud 
to be lazy; too proud to give up without conquering every 
difficulty ; too proud to wear a coat that you cannot aflford to 
buy; too proud to be in company that you cannot keep up 
within your income; too proud to lie, or steal, or cheat; too 
proud to be stingy. 



SOME ITEMS FROM 
JOURNAL. 



MY 



BY G. W. HILL. 



EARLY in May, 187.5, I started out to locate among and 
labor with the remnants of the House of Israel. I had 
already been laboring with them to quite an extent for a period 
of two years, but had not yet discontinued my business to 
devote my entire attention to them. This requirement, how- 
ever, being made of me, I commenced to perform my duties 
with an earnest desire to do good. I did not send any word 
to those Indians who were situated at a great distance, as I 
expected to labor only with those who were near the settle- 
ments. Still those that were located at a distance of from four 
to eight hundred miles apparently knew as much about my 
actions as those did among whom I was then stationed, for 
the3' came in from every quarter to see and hear me. 

On the 7th of June I preached to quite a large company 
that had arrived from Wind River, and after the close of the 
services I went into the water and baptized one hundred and 
sixty-eight of the red men. T supposed that the greater part 
of the candidates for baptism had now received the ordinance, 
but in this I was mistaken, and before the ',(th of August six 
hundred and tifty-eight had been added to the.Church. Nor 
was this all, for within three or four day.s travel of my camp, 
about five hundred Indians were journeying towards me intend- 
ing to receive the go.-pel. Before their arrival, however, the 
soldiers from Camp Douglas compelled me to desist from 
trying to teach the Lamanites how to earn a living, how to 
become useful citizens and how t(j receive the gospel of Jesu> 
Christ. 

During the greater part of the time from June Ttli to 
AugUHt 9th I was laboring alone with these dusky brethren. 



^^"13^. 



and although my labors were very hard and my privations not 
a few, they were some of the happiest days of my whole life, 
and I experienced great joy in seeing this chosen seed flock to 
and receive the truth. It afforded me unalloyed happiness to 
have men, women and children, come and grasp my hand, shed 
tears of joy and express their pleasure at meeting me for the 
first time. The friendship then formed has endured until the 
present. 

Such faith as these poor outcasts exhibited, I had never 
seen before nor have I since. In almost every instance were 
their sick limmediately restored to health, when anointed and 
administered to. I will mention only one of the many instances 
in which great faith was exhibited : A chief by the name 
of Wishaw, who had been stopping with me, was taken sick, 
and as he was about to start for home he came and requested 
baptism for his health at my hands. I did as he desired and 
he went on his way rejoicing. About four years afterwards I 
was traveling in Bear Lake valley and on arriving at Benning- 
ton met this same chief He informed me that he had been 
sick for two months and was unable to find any relief; he was 
therefore coming to have me again baptize him for his health, 
he feeling assured that this was a sure remedy for his illness. 
Thus did the old chief show his faith in the ordinances of the 
gospel by starting with a single horse on a journey of four 
hundred miles. 



A 



MISSIONARY'S 
OBSERVATIONS. 



BY AN OLD FRIEND TO THE .JDA'ENILES. 



I TOLD my young readers not long since something about 
the poor in England, but I did not tell all nor a thousandth 
part that could be said truthfully about their miserable con- 
dition. Yesterday morning, while at Eaton Bray, a lady 
informed me that one of her neighbors, the mother of eight 
young children, had just been to her crying at the thoughts 
of the misery and possible starvation before her family. Her 
husband is a common laborer, earning when at work twelve 
shillings a week, but he gets very little work. She used to 
earn considerable at straw plaiting, but now gets very little 
to do at it, and that little at starvation prices. They had 
exhausted their credit at the .shops in the village, had no food 
to eat and expected daily to be turned out of their house because 
they could'not pay their rent. With this dismal prospect before 
them the husband wished his children were dead, and his 
wife, who appeared to have great love for her little ones, could 
only find vent for her anguish in tears. 

While at Marston last night a mother admitted to me that 
she had many a time put her children to bed with no supper 
except a raw turnip and wished that death would relievo them 
from their sufferings before morning, as she saw no prospect of 
better times for them. And yet these cases of poverty were 
not the re.sult of drunkenness on the part of the parents, nor 
could they be charged with improvidence cither. The fact is, 
the working people are too poorly paid — they have too many 
mouths to till and bodies to clothe and too little with which to 
do it. How the poor children fare whose parents spend so 
\u\ii-\\ of their earnings in drink (and there are many such) is 
painful to contemplate. 

The high rent which farmers have to pay for the land which 
\\wy cultivate, their heavy taxes and the poor yield which 



m 




38 



J"TJ"V"E!n^TILE IIsTSTI^TJCTOI?.. 




they frequently recieve from their farms will not warrant 
them perhaps in paying higher wages to their laborers. They 
used to do better for them than they do now although the 
wages were never perhaps much higher than at present. 
They used to fiirnish dinner for them, and occasionally give 
them a bonus, keep their wages up when they let their work- 
men off for a holiday and make them a substantial present of 
beef etc., at Christmas time. But all this is past. Instead 
of Christmas being regarded now by the poor as a time of 
rejoicing, festivity and present-making, it is looked forward to 
almost with dread, for it means a stoppage of work for several 
days and a consequent stoppage of pay. 

The poor and what are known as the middle classes are 
ground down by excessive taxation. The taxes in England 
are at least five times as heavy as in Utah. That which is 
required for the support of the clergy is no inconsiderable 
part of it, and all are required to pay it, no matter what their 
religious creed may be — though, to hoodwink dissenters, 1 
believe that part is now classed under the head of poor rate. 

When in Flemstead a few days since I called upon three old 
ladies — maiden sisters — who lived together. They used to be 
in comfortable circumstances, but are now reduced to poverty 
and have to depend on the parish for support. For this pur- 
pose they are allowed two shillings each per week, and have 
to pay for their rent and firing out of that, so you can fancy 
how much they have left with which to buy food. One of 
them is a confirmed invalid, constantly confined to her bed. 
Another, though very feeble, had just returned from a walk of 
five miles to a 'squire's house where she had been told soup 
was to be given away that day 'to the poor. She had learned 
however, on arriving there that it was the wrong day, so she 
had her walk for nothing. True these poor women and the 
other families 1 have mentioned might be admitted -to the 
workhouse if unable to provide for themselves and there be 
furnished with a bare subsistence, but the very thought of 
that is revolting to most people. On entering there family 
ties are sundered. Man and wife and parents and children 
are .separated and only allowed to see each other at certain 
fixed periods, and then only for a few moments. And then 
before they can be admitted into the workhouse every article 
required in the household must be disposed of, and should 
they find opportunity for gaining a livelihood outside of the 
workhouse they must leave it without anything to commence 
housekeeping with. 

The law compelling parents to send their children between 
the ages of five and thirteen years to school works a great 
hard.ship to many poor people, although designed for good. 
They must comply with this law and pay for the schooling of 
their children — or a part of it even at the sacrifice of house- 
hold necessaries. Should the children be sent to work instead 
of to school the parents are liable to arrest and fine as a pen- 
alty, and the person employing them can ahso be fined heavily 
for it. 

How thankful the children of Utah should be that they 
live in a land where the necessaries of life and means of gain- 
ing an education are within the reach of the poorest, and 
that their parents consider them a bles.sing from the Lord 
instead of a burden ! 



Reason is the glory of human nature, and one of the 
chief eminences whereby we are raised above the beasts, in 
this lower world. 



THE POWER OF CONSCIENCE. 



IT is a saying, that no man ever offended his own conscience, 
but first or last it was revenged upon him. The power of 
conscience indeed has been remarked in all ages, and the 
examples of it upon record are numerous and striking. The 
following is related by a Mr. Fordyce, as a real occurrence, 
which happened in a neighboring state not many years ago : a 
jeweller, a man of good character and considerable wealth, 
having occasion, in the way of his business, to travel some 
distance from the place of his abode, took along with him a 
servant, in order to take care of his portmanteau. He had 
with him some of his best jewels, and a large sum of money, 
to which his servant was likewise privy. The master having 
occasion to dismount on the road, the servant watching his 
opportunity, took a pistol from his master's saddle, and shot 
him dead on the spot ; then rifled him of his jewels and 
money, and, hanging a large stone to his neck, threw him into 
the nearest canal. With bis booty he made off to a distant 
part of the country, where he had reason to believe that neither 
he nor his master were known. 

There he began to trade in a very low way at first, that his 
obscurity might screen him from observation, and in the 
course of a good many years seemed to rise, by the natural 
progress of business, into wealth and consideration ; so that 
his good fortune appeared at once the effect and reward of 
industry and virtue. Of these he counterfeited the appear- 
ance so well, that he grew into great credit, married into a 
good family, and by laying out his sudden stores discreetly, as 
he saw occasion, and joining to all and universal affability, he 
was admitted to a share of the government of the town, and 
rose from one post to another, till at length he was chosen 
chief magistrate. In this office he maintained a fair character, 
and continued to fill it with no small applause, both as a 
governor and judge; till one day, as he sat on the bench, 
with some of his brethren, a criminal was brought before him, 
who was accused of murdering his master. The evidence 
came out full, the jury brought in their verdict that the 
prisoner was guilty, and the whole assembly waited the sen- 
tence of the president of the court (which he happened to be 
that day) with great suspense. 

Meanwhile he appeared to be in unusual disorder and agita- 
tion of mind, and his color changed often ; at length he arose 
. from his .seat, and coming down from the bench, placed him- 
self by the unfortunate man at the bar. "You see before you 
(said he, addressing himself to those who had sat on the bench 
with him,) a striking instance of the just awards of heaven, 
which, this day, after 30 years' concealment, presents to you a 
greater criminal than the man just now found guilty." Then 
he made an ample confession of his guilt, and of all the aggra- 
vations: "Nor can I feel" continued he, "any relief from the 
agonies of an awakened con.science, but by requiring that 
justice be forthwith done against me in the most public and 
solemn manner." We may easily .suppose the amazement of 
all the assembly, and especially of his fellow-judges. How- 
ever, they proceeded, upon this confession, to pass sentence 
upon him, and he died with all the .symptoms of a penitent 
mind. 

Let it be our constant aim to keep a conscience void of 
offense, towards God, and towards man, for wherever we go 
and whatever we do, we can never erase from God's mind the 
reraorabrance of a crime, or flee to a place where conscience 
will cease to accuse us. — Sehctcd. 



m 




crTJ"^riiiiNriLE in^sTi^xjoiroi^. 



39 






^ 



SNOW. 



See what a look of surprise is on the face of the 
little boy in the picture, as his sister shows him 
the snow that has fallen during the night. Per- 
haps he was born in a country where snow was 
never seen. We know a little boy who was born 
on the Sandwich Islands, where it is warm all the 
year. He had never seen frost or snow, and when 
his parents brought him to this country, he saw 
snow for the first time, and thought it was salt. 

Man}- children wonder where the snow comes 



^ 







from. We will tell you: you have all noticed 
that when water is placed on tlie stove and it gets 
hot, vapor or steam rises from it. Now if you 
take a cool object, say a plate, and place it where 
the steam will touch it, little drops of water are 
formed. If you close up a room, and get it full of 
steam , you can have a small rain or snow storm 
by suddenly letting a cool draught of air into tlic 
upper part of the i-oom. 

Now, th(! storms tliat occur on tiie cart-h arc; tlic 
results of .somewhat similar processes. As tiic 
rays of the sun come in contact with the walcr of 
tlic rivers, lakes and seas, they warm it and cause 
a vapor to rise. This vapor is then formed into 
clouds, such as we so often see above us. Tlic 
clouds, then, are composed of small particles or 



drops of water, and these being very light, are 
driven about from place to place by the wind, and 
are seen in many different shapes. When the 
clouds come in contact with something cold, for 
instance, a high mountain or cold wind, the vapor 
falls, either in the form of rain, snow or hail. 

Snow is caused by the gradual freezing of the 
vapor or moisture, while a sudden cooling of the 
atmosphere produces hail. 

Snow consists of a great many different shapes 
of frozen crystals, as may be seen by looking 
through a microscope at a single flake. It is even 
said that one thousand kinds of small crystals 
have been counted in the snow. 

The Saints in this territory cannot be too thank- 
ful to God for the snow which He causes to fall in 
our mountains every winter. Were it not for this 
we would many times lose our crops, as there is 
not enough rain in the summer season to keep the 
ground moist, and we must therefore depend on 
the mountain streams for our supply of water for 
the land. 

There is no country in Jthe world, of which we 
have ever heard, where the people are compelled 
to water their crops as we do. In most places 
there is plenty of fain during the Spring and Sum- 
mer to cause vegetation to grow; but the vapor 
which rises from the Pacific and Atlantic oceans 
cannot reach us in these mountains, because as the 
wind drives these clouds along through the air 
they come in contact with the cold mountains and 
then discharge their moisture. Neither are there 
any very large bodies of water near us from which 
vapor can be collected. 

Thus, children, you can see how^ great the 
works of our Creator are. He not only controls 
the movements of the sun, moon, stars and earth, 
but also overrules the storms and everything con- 
nected with the planet whereon we live. 



The greater thy business is, by so mutih the 
more tliou hast need to pray for God's goodspeed 
and l)lessing upon it, seeing it is certain nothing 
can prosjter without His blessing. Tiie time s|)ent 
in prayer never hinders, but furlhci-s and pros- 
[lers, a man's )ourn(\y and busini-ss: therefore, 
tliougli tiiy hiisie iir ever so mucli, or tiiy l)usi- 
ness ever so great, yet go not about i(, nur diiI. of 
lliy doors, till thou liast prayed. 





40 



j"U"V"Eisrii_.Ei in^sTis.'U'OTOi^. 




GEORGE (I. CANUTOnr, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, FEBKUAEY 1, 1883. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




IFTY years ago, or about the time the 
Book of Mortuon was published, the 
almost universal opinion in the United 
States was that the Indians were doomed 
to utter destruction. No one appeared 
to believe that they could survive, or that 
it was at all desirable they should survive. 
It was supposed that they and the buffalo 
would di.sappear together. It was with 
this feeling that about the time we have men- 
tioned, it was written concerninit them : 

"They are sinking before the mighty tide 
that is pressing them away, and must soon hear 
the roar of the last wave that will settle over 
them forever." 

The prophet Joseph, in translating the Book of 
jMormon, gave to the world an altogether different 
view concerning the Indian race. That Book pre- 
dicted for them a great future. Though divided, crushed 
and ground into the dust until they should be contem ptible in the 
eyes of the people of the United States, it was predicted they 
should yet arise and become a mighty people in the future, 
and perform works that to the people who did not believe the 
Book of Mormon, would seem utterly incredible. If for no other 
reason than because he made sucli predictions as these, they 
would have pronounced him a false prophet. Had he been 
influenced by the spirit of man and not by the spirit of God, 
he never would have made such statements ; because to all 
human appearance they were most unlikely to be true. 

But however such things may seem to human vision, when 
God makes a decree concerning an event, it is sure to come to 
pass. His word cannot fail. In the eyes of the world the 
Indian has been without a friend in heaven or on earth who 
could be of any service to him. Abuse him, rob him, or kill 
him, aS' men pleased, and out few thought that any one took 
notice of it. But mankind were mistaken. God's eye 
was and is upon him. He is under covenant to preserve and 
bless him ; and he never yet failed to keep His covenant. 

Though the opinion still generally prevails that the Indians 
will perish, there are some who begin to think otherwise. 
The censusshows that they are increasing in the United States 
at the rate of ],000 a year. There are said to be now within 
our confines exclusive of those in Alaska, about 262,000 
Indians. These are distributed among some seventy agencies. 
The Lord will so shape events that they will be favorable to 
the preservation of this race, and it will yet attain to the 
mighty future of which it has the j)romise. 



TV TOST wonderful changes occur in our day, especially among 
■'■'-'-■ so-called religious teachers. It is only a few days ago that a 



day.' 

Protestant Epi.'icopal minister in New York, by the name of 
Rev. ll. Heber Newton, preached a sermon, in which he called 
the assertion that there can be no repentance after death, 
"the most atrocinus doctrine which Christianity has given to 
the world." This must have had a startling effect upon many of 



^^!^: 



his hearers, who had always been taught that when they left 
this state of existence they either wenl straight to heaven or 
to hell and remained there eternally without change. 

It is not long since that we saw a statement made by 
another preacher, by the name of Scudder, to the effect that 
people were preached to after death. It was the same 
doctrine that the Elders of the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Latter-day Saints have been preaching for about forty years 
past. It was revealed to the Church about that time by the 
Prophet Joseph Smith, and it has been a doctrine which has 
been believed in and taught by the Saints since that time. 
And now after having ridiculed and persecuted the Latter- 
day Saints for accepting and teaching it, the religious world 
begins to believe this true doctrine. This may be called 
wondrous strange. But it is what we may expect. One by 
one the truths which the Lord inspired the Prophet Joseph 
to teach are being believed in by mankind. We might men- 
tion very many truths which, when they were taught, the 
world did not believe in, but which they now accept. In this 
way the teachings of the Elders of our Church have had far 
more effect upon the people than they are disposed to admit, 
or than we ourselves are fully conscious of We are not a very 
numerous people, but our teachings and examples have had a 
wide-spread and wonderful influence. 

But while this is the case, men will not acknowledge the 
source whence they get these truths. They will not give any 
credit to the Elders of this Church, and least of all through 
them to the God of heaven who has revealed them. If they 
did this they would have to acknowledge that Brother Joseph 
Smith was a prophet of God. How can it be expected that a 
generation which consented to and excused, and justified his 
death would say or do anything to establish his character as a 
true prophet of God ? Yet the day is not far distant when 
this will be done by the world. 



Fighting a good Fight.— A stingy Christian was listening 
to a charity sermon. He was nearly deaf, and was accustomed 
to sit facing the congregation, right under the pulpit, with his 
ear-trumpet directed up towards the preacher. Tlie sermon 
moved him considerably. At one time he said to himself: 
"I'll give $10;" again he said, "I'll give $\!i." At the close 
of the appeal he was very much moved and thought he would 
give $50. Now the boxes were passed. As they moved along 
his charity began to ooze out. He came down from $.50 to 
$20, to SIO, to §.5, to zero. He concluded that he would not 
give anything. "Yet," said he, "this wont do — 1 am in a bad 
fix. This covetousne-ss will be my ruin." The boxes were 
getting nearer and nearer. The crisis was upon him. What 
should he do? The box was now under bis chin — all the con- 
gregation were looking. He had been holding his pocket- 
book in his hand during the soliloquy, which was half audible, 
though in his deafness he did not know that he was heard. 
In the agony of the final moment he took his pocket-book and 
laid it in the box, saying to himself as he did it: "Now 
.squirm, old natur' !" 

Here is a key to the problem of covetousness. Old nature 
must go under. It will take great giving to put stinginess 
down. A few experiments of putting in the whole pocket- 
book may, by and by, get the heart into the charity-box, and 
then the cure is reached. All honor to the deaf old gentleman. 
He did a magnificent thing for himself, and gave an example 
worth imitating, besides pointing a paragraph for the student 
of human nature. 



,^^ 



crTJ^;rEiisriii.E i3^sti$>tjctoi?.. 



41 




aENERAL WINFIELD SCOTT. 



nPHE subject of our sketch was one of America's noted 
*■ generals. He was born on the 13th of January, 17S6, 
at Petersburg, Virginia. In his youth he commenced the 
study of law, but afterwards relinquished it in order to join 
the army, as his natural inclinations lay in that direction. 
His first appointment was as a captain of light artillery in 
General Wilkinson's division, then stationed at Baton Rouge, 
Louisiana ; but from this position he was suspended for accus- 
ing his .superior officer of complicity in the conspiracy of 
Aaron Burr. The crime of this latter personage consisted in 
first trying to sever the Western from the Eastern States, 
hoping thereby to gain an influential position in the former 
region; this project failing, he afterwards tried to collect 
forces and means sufficient to invade Mexico. General Wilkin- 
son had been sent to Louisiana to watch his movements in 
that region, and it was during 
his researches that Scott 
accused him of treason. Scott 
apparently redeemed himself 
shortly after his suspension, 
for in 1812 he was sent as 
a lieutenant-colonel to the 
Canadian frontier to repel 
the attacks, of the British, 
who at that time were at war 
with the United States. At 
Queenstown Heights he was 
taken prisoner and remained 
in the custody of the British 
until the following year when 
he was exchanged. On his 
release he was made adjut- 
ant-general, and was then 
actively engaged for some 
months in training the raw 
recruits of the army. He 
was one of the commanders 
at the capture of Fort Eric; 
took an important part in the 
battle at Chippewa, and at 
the famous battle of Lundy's 
Lane on the 2.'>th of J uly, 
1S14, two horses were shot 
under him and he received 
two wounds, one of which 
was very .severe. 

This battle was considered one of the most obstinate of the 
whole war. Scott led the advance, and although oppcsed by 
superior numbers, he bravely held his position until the 
arrival of Brown with reinforcoment.s. In this engagement 
great bravery was displayed in the armies of both nations. 
There was a battery in an elevated position held by the 
British, and which the Anicricim commander realized must 
be taken or their fighting would be of no avail. lie therefore 
called Colonel Miller to him and asked if he could take it. 
The prompt and resolute reply was "I'll try, sir!" Tlu' 
gallant colonel did successfully try and held the same against 
three .subsequent attacks of the enemy. 

The part which Soott took in this important affray raised 
him in the estimation of his countrymen, anil led to his pro- 
motion to the rank of major-general. I'eaco being d(!cliired 
he applied his talents in another direction. The French 




I 



system of infantry tactics he translated and adaped to the use 
of the militia, and this was acknowledged for many years as 
the text-book of the American army. 

In 1841 this hero of many battles was made the comman- 
der-in-chief of the United States Army, and in the war with 
Mexico in 1846-47 he had an opportunity of displaying his 
abilities as a military chieftain. With a force of 12,000 men 
he landed March the 'Jth, 1847, at Vera Cruz, and without a 
single reverse, although several battles were i'uught, marched 
to the city of Mexico. Here a large body of the enemy was 
stationed under the command of General Santa Anna, but 
Scott, still undaunted, attacked the outposts and captured 
several of them, when the Mexican commander asked for 
respite while he prepared the articles of capitulation. It 
became evident, however, that this was only a ruse, and that 
he was violating the truce by strengthening his position. An 
attack was consequently made by the invaders, and on the 

14th of September, a tri- 
umphal entry was made into 
the capital, Santa Anna and 
his forces having fled the 
night previously. 

Of this march of Scott a 
historian has written: "There 
are but two passages in l. 
em history which preseL 
parallels to the march of 
Scott from Vera Cruz to the 
city of Mexico. These are the 
first conquest of Mexico by 
Cortez, and the other is the 
campaign of Napoleon in 
Egypt. Each of these has a 
strong re.semblance to the 
^ second conquest of Mexico by 
Scott." 

The capture of this chief 
city virtually ended the Mexi- 
f can war, and when the treaty 
was prepared between the two 
nations, that region ofcountry 
then known as California and 
New .Mexico was ceded to the 
United States, in return for 
which this country promised 
10 pay a large sum of money. 
This war was what led to 
the calling out of the Mormon Battalion, which has become 
so renowned in the history of this people. According to the 
predictions of our leader, President B. Yciung, this body of 
men was not compelled to fight, but their influence was no 
doubt a powerful factor in conquering the enemy, and their 
men.orablc march iilacos them among the heroes of the Mexi- 
can war. 

The Whig party nominated Scott for IVesidcnt of this 
country in 18')2, but he was defeated. In 18r)r) he was 
appointed to the honorary office of lieutenant-general, an 
(lilice which had been created specially for biiii. At the 
commencement of tho rebellion he was in favor of allowing 
the "wayward sisters to part in peace," but this sujjgestion 
did not meet with the approval of his ciuitnmporarics. The 
inlirmiticK, of age compelled him to resign his position in the 
army at tho commencement of the war, and McClellan was 
ajipointed to succeed him. His eventful career terminated 



^K»r 




4S 



O'TJ'V^ElSrJILE in^STI?.TJOTOI2.. 




at West Point in May, 1866. General Scott was a man of great 
courage, determination and perseverance, traits which are 
depicted in his countenance, as seen in our engraving. 

In the army he was strict, 'out demanded nothing of his 
men that was unreasonable. He shared their dangers, par- 
took of their privations and mingled in their sports. To this 
man some credit is due that our land, Utah, is now within the 
boundaries of this glorious republic. 

It was these characteristics that made him so successful as 
a leader, and had he chosen any other pursuit, he would in all 
probability have been satisfied with nothing less than per- 
fection. 



EARLY COLONIAL HISTORY. 



BY J. H. W. 



II 



IN a previous chapter has been described the circumstances 
which led to the colonization of Arcadia and New Eng- 
land. 

While these events were transpiring in Old England and 
New England, others of scarcely less importance were occurring 
in Holland, or the Netherlands, as it is frequently called, and 
in its colony of New Netherlands. It is a lact too frequently 
forgotten, that at least three of the thirteen original states 
were colonized by Holland. It is true Pennsylvania and Dela- 
ware received a few colonists from Sweden and Finland, who 
had settled there to escape religious persecution ; but their 
dominions in the new world were not of long duration. To 
Holland and England belong the chief glory of colonizing the 
lands embraced in the United Colonies of 1776. The country 
now embraced in the states of New York, New Jersey and 
Delaware, received the name of New Netherlands, and like 
the inhabitants of New England, they were for the most part 
a religious people. 

During the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries Holland had 
been the refuge of exiles from many lands. When John Huss 
and Jerome of I'rague fell under papal vengeance, many of 
their followers there found a home. When the fiiry of perse- 
cution was raging against the Waldenses, many of them fled 
to Holland for protection. After the terrible massacre of the 
French protestants or Huguenots, as they were called, in l.'J72, 
many of them took refuge in the Netherlands. This liberty- 
loving population was the cause of that deadly hatred mani- 
fested toward them by the Duke of Alva. This insatiate 
monster, during his brief administration, caused more than 
eighteen thousand persons to perish by the hand of the execu- 
tioner. His cruelties at length aroused the indignation of the 
people, and brought about those notable events .so well described 
by the historian Motley, in his liisr of the Dutch RfptihJir. 
This contest was one of the most memorable in the history of 
the human race, for in it was clearly shown the wonderful 
providence of God. From this terrible ordeal came out many 
illustrious characters. Its results tended to civil and religious 
liberty, as well as the great principle of federal union which 
has since been carried out to such a wonderful extent. These 
principles the Dutch emigrants brought with them ; and when 
a few years afterwards their settlements fell into the hands of 
the English they were already as.similated to the ideas prevail- 
ing in the New England colonies. 

The history of Pennsylvania as a distinct colony began in 
1682. Its founder, William Penn, was the son of Admiral 



Penn, who had gained many victories for England and enjoyed 
the favor of the king, as well as of the great statesmen of his 
time. At this time there was in England a numerous sect 
called Quakers. Some of their principles were true, and most 
of them were far in advance of the opinions generally enter- 
tained in that age. 

The rise of the people called Quakers is one of the memor- 
able events in the history of man. It marks the moment 
when intellectual freedom was claimed by the people as an 
inalienable right. The sect had its birth in a period of intense 
national activity, when zeal for reform was invading all ranks 
of society, and even subverting the throne. Its creed was 
summed up in one short phrase, ^^The inner light or voice of 
God in the soul." Their leader, George Pox, professed to 
have visions from heaven. Having listened to the revelation 
which had been made to his soul, he thirsted for a reform in 
every branch of learning. The physician and the scientist 
should quit their strife of unintelligible words and solve the 
appearances of nature by an intimate study of the laws of 
being. The lawyers should abandon their deceit and seek to 
establish justice among men according to the teachings of the 
Savior. And the priests .should cease to preach for hire, and 
seek God in prayer as the oracle of all truth. 

No wonder there was a great commotion ! In Lancaster, 
forty priests appeared against him at once. Nothing could 
daunt his enthusiasm. When cast into jail among felons, he 
claimed of the public tribunals a release, only to continue his 
exertions. If cruelly beaten, or set in the stocks, or ridiculed 
as mad, he none the less proclaimed the principles of his 
faith. When driven from the church, he preached in the 
open air ; when refused shelter at a private dwelling or 
humble tavern, he slept without fear under a haystack. 

His fame increased ; crowds gathered like flocks of pigeons 
to hear him. His voice and IVame in prayer are described as 
the most awful and reverent ever felt or seen. His clear con- 
victions and glowing thoughts delivered in plain words made 
him powerful among the masses and the terror of the priests 
in the public discussions to which he defied the world. By 
degrees "the hypocrites," as the historian Barclay called 
them, feared to dispute with him. The simplicity of the 
truths he uttered and the plainness of his speech found such 
ready acceptance among the people, "that the priests trembled 
and scud as he drew near, so that it was a dreadful thing to 
them when it was told them, 'The man in leathern breeches 
is come.' " 

Far from rejecting Christianity, the Quakers insisted that 
they alone followed its primitive simplicity. They believed in 
the unity of truth ; that there can be no contradiction between 
correct rea.son and revelation ; and that the Holy Spirit is the 
guide that leads into all tru'h. The Quakers read the Bible not 
with idolatry but with delight, for in their own souls they had a 
testimony that it was true. "The scriptures," says Barclay, 
"are not religion but a record of it; a declaration of the 
fountain, but not the fountain itself " In reading a record 
of those times it might appear to one that God was then ready 
to restore His Priesthood and set up His Kingdom on the 
earth. But mankind was not yet ready nor was there a fit 
place in all the inhabited countries of the world for its estab- 
lishment. 

The well-known William Penn joined this sect, and by this 
act greatly provoked his father's displeasure. Like Moses of 
old ho refused the favors and honors of the monarch, choosing 
rather to obey what he considered to be the truth than to 
enjoy all the pomp and pleasures of the world. Space will not 



M 




Cr TJ VIE 3^ I LE IIsrBTK/TJOTOI^. 



43 





permit us to relate the story of his sufferings while an exile 
from his father's home ; how he traveled to and fro on the 
continent of Europe, from the Wesor to the Main, from the 
Rhine to the Danube, distributing tracts, preaching to princes 
and to peasants, and rebuking every attempt to enthrall the 
mind of man. Before he had reached the age of twenty-five, 
he had thrice suffered unjust imprisonment. To the king's 
messenger, who asked him to recant, he heroically replied, 
'''Chih-law may make hypocrites, it never can make converts.'' 
Single handed and alone he plead his cause before the highest 
courts of England. In vain did wicked men endeavor to 
construe the laws of England to his injury. After a tedious 
trial he was at length acquitted, though the jurymen were 
fined forty marks apiece for not bringing in a verdict of guilty. 
His constancy called forth the admiration of his father. "Son 
William," said the dying admiral, "if you and your friends 
keep to your plain way of preaching and living, you will make 
an end of the priests." 

At the admiral's death, William succeeded to his father's 
possessions. It deeply grieved him that his Quaker brethren 
should endure such wrongs as were continually heaped upon 
them. He, therefore, formed the design of leading them forth 
to America. The king had owed Penn's father sixteen 
thousand pounds, nearly equal to eighty thousand dollars of our 
money. Penn offered to relinquish this claim for a grant of 
land; and the king readily bestowed upon him a vast region, 
stretching west from the river Delaware, to which was given 
the name of Pennsylvania. Here Penn proposed to found a 
state, free and self-governing. He claimed it to be his highest 
ambition "to make men as free and happy as they can be." 
When he arrived, he proclaimea to the people that he wished 
them to be governed by laws of their own making. He was 
as good as his word. The people elected their own representa- 
tives by whom a constitution was framed, and Penn signed 
this charter of their liberties. 

Penn also dealt justly and kindly with the Indians, and they 
showed a love for him such as they bestowed on no other Eng- 
lishman. Soon after his arrival, he invited the chief men of 
the Indian tribes to a conference. The meeting took place 
beneath a huge elm-tree. The ancient forest has long given 
way to the houses and streets of Philadelphia ; but a monu- 
ment still points out to the stranger the scene of this inter- 
view. They met, Penn assured them, "on the broad pathway 
of good faith and good will. All was to be openness and love." 
And Penn meant what he said. Strong in the po yer of truth 
and kindness, he bent the fierce savages of the Delaware tribe to 
his will. They vowed to live in love with William Penn and 
his children as long as the moon and the sun should endure. 
Long years after, aged Indians were accustomed to come from 
the distant forests and recount with deep emotion the words 
that Penn had spoken to them under the old elm-tree. 

The fame of Penn's settlements went abroad in all lands. 
An asylum was opened for the good and oppressed of every 
nation. Grave and God-fearing men froTri all the Protestant 
countiies of Europe sought a home where they might live as 
con.scicnce taught thom. 

"For hiTf the exilus met from every clime. 

And spoke in friendship every distant tongue; 

M<"n, frmn the bliiod of warring Europe sprung, 
Wore but divided by the running brook ; 

And hiippy where no Rhenish trumpet sung, 
Tlie bluc-oycd 3ermiin chimgi'd his sword to 
pruiiing-hook." 
The new colony grew apace. During the first year twenty- 
two vessels arrived, bringing two thousand persons. In 



three years Philadelphia was a town of six hundred houses. 

Thus did Penn prove himself a benefactor to his race. May 
we not also consider him as an instrument in the hands of 
God for the execution of His purposes? 

Meanwhile Maryland had been colonized by Catholics under 
Lord Baltimore, in 1634. The first colonists were exiles who 
fled here to escape persecution in their native land. Let it 
also be said to their credit that they were the first who 
embodied in their laws complete religious toleration. 

A few scattering colonists had settled within the boundaries 
of the Carolinas as early as 1653, but after the massacre of 
St. Bartholomew, in 1572, these colonies became a refuge for 
the Huguenots of France. 

Lastly Georgia was colonized, in 1732, by the English phil- 
anthrophist James Oglethorpe ; and it also became an asylum 
and a refuge for the deserving poor. 

Had these states been colonized immediately after the 
discovery of America, they must inevitably have brought 
with them the institutions of Catholic Europe. Such, for 
example, as still characterize the civilization of Mexico. Even 
had they been colonized a century earlier, the colonists would 
not have been disciplined .sufficiently in the principles of 
civil liberty to have built up free and self-governing states. 

Who does not see a divine providence — a marvelous wisdom 
in all this? 

Though the pilgrims had left their native lands, that they 
might enjoy the liberty to worship God in the way which they 
deemed right; yet they had not discovered that people who 
differed from them were as well entitled to be tolerated as they 
themselves were. Simple as it seems there are many to this 
day, who have not found out that every one is entitled to 
think for himself 

One day there stepped on shore at Boston, a young man 
named Roger Williams, He was a man of culture and refine- 
ment, a lover of truth and justice, a man of rare virtue and 
power. He had been an intimate friend of Cromwell and 
Milton, in the bright days of the poet's youth. Williams 
brought to America what was then considered strange 
opinions. -Long thought had satisfied him that "in regard to 
religious belief and worship man is responsible to God alone. 

New England .society was not sufliciently advanced to receive 
such sentiments. Williams had become minister at Salem where 
he was held in high esteem. In time his opinions drew upon 
him the unfavorable notice of the authorities; and he was 
brought to trial before the general court of Ma.s.sachusetts. 
His townsmen and congregation deserted him. His poor wife 
reproached him bitterly for the evil he was bringing on his 
family. Still he was firm and continued to testify against the 
soul-oppression he saw around him. At length the court 
declared him guilty, and pronounced against him the .sentence 
of banishment. All honor to this brave and good man ! He, 
of all the men of his time, .saw most clearly the beauty of 
absolute freedom in uiatfcrs of conscience. He cheei-fuljy left 
his home and wandered in the wilderness. During the part 
of one winter he lived with Massasoit, the Indian chief, who 
befriended hiiu and gave him a grant of land, now included in 
the state of Rhode Island. Here he laid out a city which he 
called Providence, in grateful recognition of the power which 
had guided his stops. To-day it is one of the most beautiful 
and thrifty cities in the United States. 

Roger Williams cherished a very forgiving spirit towards 
tho.se who sent him into exile. Learning that the Indians 
were planning the destruction of the Massachu.setts colony, he 
boldly went among the Indians and dissuaded them from their 




44 



CTTJ^EIsriljE in^STI?.TJGTOI2/. 




purpose. Thus did this good man put his life in peril for his 
enemies. 

Providence Plantation, as it was called, became a shelter for 
all who were distressed for conscience sake; and so it has 
continued to the present time. Rhode Island has no 
record of persecution in her history. Massachusetts 
continued to drive out misbelievers. Rhode Island 
took them in. When Massachusetts was convulsed 
with supposed witch-craft and the horrors of witch-burning, 
Rhode Island gave no heed to such delusions. In after years, 
Roger Williams became the president of the colony which he 
had founded. 

The neighboring states were at that time severely punishing 
the Quakers with the lash, branding-iron and imprisonment; 
and they invited Rhode Island to join in the persecution. Mr. 
WilUams replied that he "had no law to punish any man for 
his belief" He was opposed to the doctrines of the Quakers. 
In his seventy-third year he rowed thirty miles in an open 
boat to wage a public debate against them. In this manner, 
and thus only, would he resist the progress of opinions which 
he deemed pernicious. Thus to the end of his life stood forth 
this good man's loyalty to the absolute liberty of the human 
conscience. From the foregoing we may get some idea of the 
moral and social condition of England and her colonies during 
the latter part of the 17th century. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



BY THE EDITOR. 



{ Continued from page 30. ) 

MR THOMSON had not touched wine or spirits during 
his journey, and it was only when they caught sight of 
the Indian ocean upon their return and he felt that the journey 
was practically completed, that a bottle of wine and another 
of brandy, which they had carried unopened over the whole 
extent of their journey, was brought forth with much cere- 
mony, to celebrate the occasion in the customary manner. 
( )ne of the best features of the journey was, that though the 
provocation to shoot the natives at various times was very 
great, and it seemed that if it were not done they would all be 
killed, yet he never fired a gun at them, either offensively or 
defensively. This speaks wonderfully well for his good judg- 
ment and courage, and stands out in striking contrast with 
the course pursued by travelers in Africa generally, many of 
whom have seemed to think no more of shooting the people 
down than they would of killing so many wild beasts. He 
was justly proud of not having to attack them, or having to 
defend himself and followers, by firing upon them ; and con- 
sidered it the greatest of his triumphs that in the pursuit of 
knowledge, and in the attempt to open up benighted Africa, 
he had not stained his enterprise by sacrificing the lives of 
men. There were several occasions during the journey when 
attacks upon them seemed imminent. He invariably put 
himself between his own men and the enemy. They seemed 
to have a dread of killing him ; for many times arrows and 
spears were aimed at him, and frequently they were poisoned, 
yet he and his men escaped all injury. 

In this respect this expedition is unique. It furnishes an 
important lesson. It shows what can be done with ignorant, 
and even barbarous and savage people, by pursuing a straight- 
forward, honest and truthful course with them. Mr. Thom- 



son everywhere taught these people they could rely upon his 
word and that he would take no advantage of them. They 
trusted him and treated him with almo.st universal kindness. 
He records, with evident pleasure, that everywhere, except 
among one tribe, he met genuine hospitality, and that no 
attempt was ever made, except by the one tribe, to steal a 
single article from him. No persistent obstruction was ever 
thrown in his waj'. Guides were supplied to him generally 
whenever wanted and extortion was rarely applied. If ever 
he was in danger of his life or in fear of an attack, it usually 
turned out that the natives were under some misconception, 
which only required to be removed to make him their warm 
friend. There was only the one tribe which was an excep- 
tion to this. Of the men who accompanied him he spoke 
with praise. He had no desertions to record, no plundering 
and but few annoyances. They were patient, industrious and 
faithful, and clung to him with the greatest fidelity in the midst 
of manifold hardships and dangers. 

It is refreshing to learn the history of such an expedition. 
The leader of it is more deserving of credit than the hero of 
many battles. He has shown that man can associate with his 
fellow-men, even though they may be brutal and degraded 
and with the lowest conceptions of the value and sacredness 
of human life, and yet be treated with kindness and friend- 
ship. The course this explorer took is the course recom- 
mended by Jesus in His gospel, and the results were what He 
promised. We take pleasure 'u alluding to this expedition 
because of this. If the ignorant, brutal and terribly degraded 
African can be reached by such influences and conduct, what 
race is there on earth that is not open to them ? The blood 
of the aborigines of this continent has been spilled like water, 
until a great number of entire tribes have been swept away, 
and their old lands have been covered with the cities, villages 
and farms of the conquering white race ; and all this upon 
the plea that they were fierce and cruel and could not be 
reached by any milder methods. It is but a short time since 
that I heard it said upon the floor of the hall of the House 
of Representatives, at a session of Congress, that the only 
good Indian was a dead Indian, and that the sooner he is 
extirpated the better. Where men entertain such views, and 
their conduct is in keeping with their inhuman sentiments, is 
it any wonder there are Indian wars, or that the Indian 
should view the white man as his enemj'? There is no mis- 
take in saying that love begets love, kindness begets kindness, 
and friendship begets friendship. It is so in all lands and 
among all people. Men who fail to recognize this great truth 
make a great blunder, and many times bring themselves 
into fatal troubles. 

One feature of this expedition is especially note-worthy. 
The leader, Mr. Thomson, walked the entire distance to the 
Great Lakes and back, wherever land travel was made. 
Speaking of donkeys, he says, he certainly advises no one to 
use them in an African caravan, and for riding especially they 
should, by all means, be avoided. The riding is destructive of 
all energy where energy is most needed. He was convinced, he 
saj's, that the man who rides 300 miles on a donkey in those re- 
gions maybe set aside as physically a bankrupt man, and incapa- 
ble of doing any good work as an explorer. He explains this in 
this way : 

"It is a well-known fact that the only way to resist success- 
fully the enervating effects of a humid trojiical climate is by 
constant exertion, and by manfully fighting the baleful influ- 
ence. The man who has nothing to do, or won't do what he 
has to do, is sure to succumb in a few month.s, and degenerate 



^22^. 



m 




a"cr^EnsrinLEi iin'stie^.tjotok.. 



45 




into an idiot or a baby. He becomes the helpless victim of 
manifold bilious troubles, and is continunlly open to attacks of 
fever, diarrhoea, or dysenterj'. His mental energy flies with 
his physical, till any sustained thought is impossible, and to 
pass the time he must dose night and day, except when he is 
grumbling and defaming the climate. Hard constant work is 
the great preserver. Sweat out the malaria and the germs of 
disea.se, and less will be heard of the energy-destroying climate 
of the tropics." The traveler's course "is to he up and doing, 
interesting himself in everything pertaining to the caravan, 
looking into this thing and the other, shaking up the idlers, 
and producing universal activity till he is bathed in pers- 
piration." 

Mr. Thomson's rule was to keep marching on as long as 
his legs would sustain him, and never to be carried by his 
men. He also thought that for an African traveler to halt 
that he might get better was the worst policy possible. In 
his tent, with the rays of a burning sun pouring down upon 
him, he has nothing to think about but his troubles. But on 
the march it is different. His mind is drawn away from his 
troubles. The exertion helps to keep his system in better 
working order, and enables him to eat and sleep. This was 
his method, and during a journey of fourteen months, he 
found it sucoessful, though frequently he marched till he fell 
on the road ; but still carried he would not be. Notwith- 
standing his attacks of sickness, due to the hot, malarious 
climate and his exposure, he had considerable inward gratifica- 
tion in finding that he could beat his men completely. There 
was not a man in his caravan who could march with him. In 
any ordinary march of a week or a fortnight, few Europeans 
could compete with a Zanzibar porter, he says : but let them 
continue and the Europeans will gradually become inured to 
the fatigues. Each day he will feel them less ; but it is the 
reverse with the porter, he feels them more, and gradually 
succumbs. 

When the idea of having a day's rest took possession of the 
men of the caravan, they were in the habit of manufacturing 
as many sick men as possible, and then insisting that it was 
impossible to get on without a day's halt, to give the invalids 
an opportunity of recovering. One morning Thomson 
observed this dodge in process of execution. Loud grumbles of 
" Si irni, si ivezi satta" (I am very sick.) were heard on all 
sides, and a large number congregated in the rear, declaring 
they were unable to carry loads. After much trouble they got 
the bales arranged, and in his usual manner, Mr. Thomson 
marched away in front. They came straggling into cam]) an 
hour after him, marching in the most woebegone fashion, and 
holding themselves as if ihey had the gripes, and groaning 
in the most heart-rending manner. He saw at once that there 
would be no march the next day if they were not instantly 
cured. He made up his mind that these tricks must be 
stopped, so he called up the sick men, and in a tone of great 
sympathy ;i,sked what their ailments were? 'JMiey all tenderly 
rubbed their stomachs, and iu a sorrowful chorus said. 
''Tamil') liwina, lumhn mhai/a xaiin" (My stomach, master, 
my stomach is very bad). He smiled benignantly upon them, 
and told them to be of good cheer, as he would sooti put 
them all right. Going into liis tent, he brought out two large 
handsome bottles of cas(or oil. The mere sight of these had 
a wondeiful effect upon these siinph^-hcartcd sons of Africa. 
(Jroans were hushed. Their hands dropped from lluii- 
stomachs, and everyone tried to look all right, though a glance 
of alarm pa.ssed from patient to patient. It .seems there is 
nothing a native African detests more th;iii l']uiiipeiin medi- 



cines. They were all inclined to retire, cured by the very 
sight of the bottles. But that would not suit the purpose of 
the explorer. He sternly ordered them to sit down and open 
their mouths. With some difficulty he succeeded in adminis- 
tering a large dose to each man, letting him know that if it 
did not cure him, the dose would be repeated next morning. 
There was no dancing or singing in the camp that night, 
though there was no lack of lively movements. Xext morn- 
ing every man was better, and upon Mr. Thomson doubting 
the fact they rushed oft' and showed how vigorously they 
could pick up their loads. The castor oil did the business. 
They marched out of camp most merrily. 
[To he Continued.) 



EARLY REMINISCENCES. 



BY J. H. H. 



( Contimicd from page 2.5. ) 



T WILL here relate another incident that came under my 
-*- observation in the early days of my ministry. Among 
those under my presidency was a young lady named Briggs, 
who had been baptized in the Merton branch. A film had 
grown over one of her eyes obstructing her sight. She came 
to see us in London, where she was living, and asked the 
Elders to administer to her, saying she believed the Lord 
would restore her sight. We anointed her eye with pure 
olive oil, laid our hands upon her head, and prayed for her, 
and her sight was immediately restored. It appeared as 
though a .sharp lance had been drawn vertically across the 
film which receded from the pupil on each side giving instant 
relief It was done by no mortal hand, but an operation was 
performed the most delicate, scientific and effective, and we 
acknowledged in it the hand of the Almighty. 

Now, while I do not believe that extraordinary manifestations 
of an unseen power, or what may be called miracles, are to be 
taken as conclusive evidence that the Church professing them 
is necessarily the Church of God, still I do contend that the 
true Church never did and never will exist without them. 
"These signs shall follow them that believe," said Je.sus. It 
is not surprising that a hireling clergy should try to make some 
plausible apology for the spiritual poverty and destitution of 
their respective chuiches, and unite in teaching the gro.ss 
falsehood that the gifts of the Spirit are no longer needed. 
John Wesley knew better, and in his sermon on the more 
excellent way, says: "It does not appear that the extra- 
ordinary gifts of the Spirit were common in the church for 
more tluin two or three centuries. After that fatal iieriod 
when the emperor Constantino called himself a Christian, and 
from a vain imagination of promoting the Christian religion 
heaped riches, power and honor upon the Christians in general, 
from this time they almost wholly ceased. The cause of this 
was not, as has been vulgarly supposed, because there was no 
more occasion for them, because all the world had become 
Christians, This is a mistake! Not a twentieth jiart was 
then nominally Christians. The real cause was that the love 
of nuiiiy waxed cold. The Christians had no umre of the 
Spirit of Christ than the other heathens! The Son of Man 
when [le came to examine His ('hurch could hanlly find faith 
on the earth. This was the real cause why the extraordinary 
gilts of the Holy (Jhost were no longer to Ix^ found in t lit 



§fi 





46 



J-U-^TEnsriLEl IIsrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 





Christian church. It was because the Christians were turned 
heathens again and had only a dead form left." 

During the three years of my ministry in London and sur- 
rounding country, 1 paid several visits to my native village, 
where I baptized my aged mother and several others. At a 
small town named Brampton I called upon an old Baptist 
friend named Sykes, whose daughters I had induced some 
time previous to .^ign a temperance pledge. I had now some- 
thing better to offer them, and lost no time in laying before 
them the glorious things restored to the children of men. 
They expressed their willingness to go and hear me preach at 
a neighboring town, where I had an appointment, if I would 
first go with them to hear the church minister, at a cottage 
meeting, and discuss the subject with him. I consented 
readily to the proposition. The agreement was carried out by 
both parties, and resulted in the baptism of three sisters and 
their cousin. They had to suffer more or less for the gospel's 
sake, being told by their father they must make choice 
between their home and their religion, for if they would not 
abandon their new faith they must seek another home. I 
need scarcely say which they chose. They left their home for 
the gospel's sake. But their father was a kind-hearted man 
and urged them to return home, where they remained in 
peace until they came to these mountains. Two of them are 
now living in Provo city respected and honored mothers in 
Israel. 

At a subsequent visit I took with me one Elder Bailey from 
Cambridge. We preached on the public green. Some of the 
congregation were very attentive, but others were abusive. 
At the close of the service, some hooted like demons, some 
threatened violence, some beat tin pans, and some threw rocks 
at us; one of which struck me slightly. A few persons were 
hurt severely. A few days after I baptized Mary Hayman, 
Anna Hatton and Lucy Beldam, at Hemingford, in the pre- 
sence of a large company of the villagers among whom I had 
been raised. I thus had an opportunity of bearing testi- 
mony to my friends and neighbors that God had restored the 
everlasting gospel, and had set up His Kingdom on the earth 
that would stand forever. 

On the 30th of Nov., 18.50, I met in conference with a 
number of Elders, among whom were George B. Wallace, 
James H. Flanigan, Eli B. Kelsey, and quite a number of 
native Elders. The conference numbered .^,000. There had 
been baptized during the six preceding months, 746 persons. 
It was at this conference I was released and allowed to 
emigrate, and Wm. Speakman was appointed to take charge 
of the several branches I was leaving. In the meantime my 
departure was countermanded by the Presidency of the British 
Mission, and I was notified to report to Elder James H. 
Flanigan at his conference in Birmingham in some two weeks. 
I was well pleased with the prospect of renewing my labors in 
the ministry, for I was not satisfied with being allowed to 
emigrate, knowmg my releas had been prompted by a spirit 
unworthy the holy Priesthood— a spirit that finally led the 
Elder to apostasy and an untimly grave. 

Elder Flanigan remarked subsequently that he had been 
impelled by some unaccountable influence to go to London, 
and it seemed the more strange, as he had no business there and 
no definite object in view; but as soon as he met with me, it 
was manifested to him that it was the will of the Lord that I 
should remain in Europe and labor in the ministry. Having 
a few days to spare before the time fixed upon to enter on the 
duties of my new field. I went and spent that time with my 
parents. While staying with them a circumstance occurred 



that made an impression on my mind which time has failed to 
obliterate. I was startled and awakened in the middle of the 
night by a disagreeable and fearful dream. Two young men 
were presented before my eyes, both occupying the same bed, 
and one of whom was attacked with that horrible disease, the 
smallpox. It seemed plain that I was one of the parties, but 
which of us were attacked was not apparent. The dream 
seemed to strike me with a certain fear and dread. If there 
was one disease I feared more than another it was this. I 
slept very little more during the night, such was the anxiety 
created by this midnight adventure. On the 17th day of Jan. 
18.51, my dream was fulfilled in every particular. I was occu- 
pying the same bed with Elder James H. Flanigan, who was 
then and there attacked with the fell disease, and died on the 
30th of Jan., 1851, in the 27th year of his age. And so fell 
a bold and valiant champion of truth, loved by all his friends, 
and feared by the wicked — his uncompromising enemies. 

Some might ask what good resulted from the premonitions 
conveyed in tbe dream I have mentioned ? It led me to take 
such precautionary measures as were most likely to be benefi- 
cial, such as diet, medicine and disinfectants. And when I was 
brought in close contact with the defease, as I was from the 
first I arrived in Birmingham, and during the six months I 
remained in that conference, it led me to put my trust in the 
Lord, and to seek earnestly His protecting care. And though 
I never failed to visit and minister to those suffering from the 
loathsome disease, and there were many at that time in Bir- 
mingham, Dudley and other places where I labored, yet I was 
preserved in the hour of danger, and escaped unharmed. I 
could do no less than acknowledge the power and blessing of 
the Almighty, and thank and praise His holy name. 

( To he Continued. ) 



THE REFORMERS. 



'T^HAT the Reformers who lived and labored in the 
-^ European countries several hundred years ago were 
instruments in the hands of God of preparing the way for the 
introduction of the everlasting gospel, no reflecting person 
will deny. They came forth at times when superstition dark' 
ened the minds and beclouded the understandings of all 
classes. When apostate Rome held almost unlimited 
power, and u.sed it to intimidate people and force them to 
acknowledge, even if they did not believe, false doctrines; 
and when Satan had almost succeeded in robbing man of that 
precious boon — his free agency. 

It was at these perilous times that the great luminaries in 
the religious firmament made their appearance, and with 
unabated zeal labored for what they .supposed was correct 
doctrine. Their labors were but poorly appreciated, yet this 
did not subdue their ardor; the hand of persecution was 
ever ready to slay them, yet this did not make them tremble ; 
and it seemed as though earth and hell had combined to 
thwart them in their designs, but they resolutely plodded for- 
ward and accomplished the labor which won for them unfading 
laurels. To these men, then, under our Heavenly Father, 
are we partially indebted for that religious freedom which 
exists more or less to-day in every nation of the civilized 
world. 

They exhibited in their lives an earnest devotion and a 
faithfulness, even unto death, which it would be well for 
every youth of Zion to emulate. They never professed to 
receive revelation from God, but were nevertheless willing to 



^ 




die for that which they believed to be right. We on the 
other hand have received a knowledge of the Lord's designs 
and will, and should therefore be prepared to sacrifice all for 
the same. If we can, however, only be as true to what we 
know as they were to what they believed, our reward will be 
great. 

A review of the lives and labors of the principal reformers 
may not be amiss, and perchancs soTneone may be thereby 
stimulated to greater exertions in the cause of truth. We 
will commence this review with a sketch of 

JOHN WICKLIFFE, 

who was styled the greatest of all the "Reformers before the 
Relbrmation." He was born near the town of Riihmond, 
Yorkshire, England, in the year 1.324. He studied at the 
university of Oxford, at which place he began to read his 
lectures on divinity in the year 1363. It was in thpse lectures 
that his opposition to the false doctrines of the Romish 
church fii-st made itself manifest. Wickliffe was, in fact, the 
first person who ventured to publicly call the reliijious tenets 
of the Catholic church into question. Nor would he have 
scarcely dared to do such a thing had not the people already 
become utterly disgusted with the usurpations and injustice 
of the papacy. 

During the reign of Edward III., the pope endeavored to 
obtain money from the English nation, as he previously had 
done, to help defray the expenses of the mother church. 
Both the king and his parliament were bitterly opposed to the 
pretensions of the papal authorities, and Wickliffe, then one 
of the king's chaplains, was ajipointed to publicly denounce 
this new and unjust demand. This he did in a masterly, and, 
to the rulers, satisfactory manner. The requirements of the 
church finally led to the sending of a commission to wait upon 
the pope and discuss with him in regard to his authority to 
demand money of the state. The Reformer occupied the 
second position in this commission, and while absent from 
England the wickedness of the church seems to have become 
more apparent to him, for on his return he was unmerciful 
in his denunciations of the pope, even going so far as to call 
him the Antichrist. Thus his troubles with the hierarchy 
commenced. 

In 1 378 he was summoned before a council of the clergy 
held in London, to be tried for fostering and teaching incor- 
rect doctrine. He went to his trial but not alone, for the 
Duke of Lancaster and Lord Piercy, who had become staunch 
believers in his doctrines, accompanied and defended him 
before the bishop. These nobles were fo bold in the defense 
of what they believed to be right, that the people of London 
imagined that their bishop was thereby affronted, and they 
ru.shed into the council, causing the dismi.ssal of the same, in 
their desire to lay hands on the defenders of Wickliffe. No 
injury was, however, done. The same people in a subsequent 
trial of this same man broke into the council, but this time to 
support him whom they on the former occasion had opposed. 

These events only .served to strengthen W'icklilf'e in his 
determination to effect a reform. lie translated the Bible 
and sent poor preachers through the country to distribute 
parts of it, thus gaining many converts. For. this new offense 
he was again examined before a synod of the clergy, and 
although he ably defiinded himself and riis princii)les, twenty- 
four "erroneous stateraenis" were found in his writings which 
caused them to be condemned and ordered burned. He him- 
self was banished fron'i Oxford, but was permitted to retire to 
his parish. Here, while conductintr public worship on the 
last Sunday in 13S4, he was struck down by paralysis and died 



two days afterwards. His enemies affirmed that his death 
was the punishment which God inflicted upon him for his 
heresy. 

The principles which this man so nobly espoused made a 
great impression upon the people. Among his followers, who 
received the name of the Lollards, were to be found persons 
from the noblest and humblest classes. Wickliffe seems to 
have been a fore-runner of the Reformation, for through him 
the superstition and tradition of ages received a severe 
shock, and when Protestantism was established it found in 
the Lollards a community ready to accept its principles. 

Henry IV., previous to his ascension to the throne of 
England, was a firm supporter of this new faith, but when the 
crown was placed upon his head, he sacrificed his principles 
to his interest, and courted favor at the hands of the pope. 
In order to please this personage, Henry induced his parlia- 
ment to pass a law against so called heresy. Under this 
statute anj'one who entertained views contrary to the creed of 
Rome, and refused to abjure the same was delivered over to a 
magistrate to be burned. A \ictim for this cruel death was 
soon found in the person of William Sautre, rector of St. Osithes 
in London, who nobly perished in the flames for his fiiith. 

The L'lllards were distinguished by a great austerity of life 
and manners. They denied the doctrine of the real presence 
of Jesus' body in partaking of the sacrament, a principle which 
the papal authorities had long upheld; nor would they 
acknowledge the supremacy of the church of Rome, and the 
merit of monastic vows. Thej maintained, however, that 
the scriptures were the sole rule of faith ; that the clergy 
ought not to possess large estates ; that begging friars were a 
nuisance, and should not be supported or countenanced; that 
the many ceremonies of the church were hurtful to true 
piety, and that all men were preordained to eternal salvation 
or reprobation. These views constituted a part of the 
twenty- four "erroneous statements," for which Wickliffe's 
writings were condemned, and the promulgation of such ideas 
is what aroused the enmity of the popes and caused them to 
sit with so little ease in the pontifical chair. 



Idleness. — So far from complete inaction being perfect 
enjoyment, there are few sufferings greater than that which 
the total absence of occupation generally induces. Count 
Caylus, the celebrated French antiquary, spent much time in 
engraving the plates which illustrate his valuable works. 
When his friends asked him why he worked so hard at such 
an almost mechanical occupation, he replied, ''Je f/rnic pour 
ne pas me pciidrc," — "I engrave lest I should hang mj'self " 
When Napoleon was slowly withering away, from disease and 
ennui together, on the rock of St. Helena, it was told him 
that one of his old friends, an ex-colonel in his Italian army, 
was dead. "What' disease killed him?" asked Napoleon. 
"That of having nothingto do," it wasanswerod. "Enough," 
sighed Napoleon, "even had ho been an emperor." 

Nature has beneficently provided that if the greater pro- 
portion of her sons must earn their bread by the sweat of 
their brow, that bread is far sweeter from the previous effort 
than if it fell spontaneou.sly into the hands of listless indol- 
ence. It is scarcely to be ([uestioncd, then, that labor is 
desirable for its own sake as well as for the substantial results 
which it affords; and, consc(iuently, that it by no means 
lessens, but rather adds to, the general chance of hapi>ine.ss, 
that nearly all the nieinbcrs of society should, in some shape or 
other, be placed under an oldigation to labor for their .support. 



£^ 




48 



vJ"D "^EH^ILE IIsrSTI^TJOT'OI^. 



BEAUTY ALL ^i. H O U N D 




Bv "William Powell. 







— S— •- — d^ 



:=1- 



:2^= 



111=1 



There is beautv in the ruer-rv. mer-ry spring time, There is beautj- in the leaves up - on the ground; 








illi 



There is beautv 






;|z=d3iti 



;^= 



in the frost and snow of win-ter; There is charra-ing beauty 






lie: 



— r — ^- 



T:= 



:? 



-Si- 



all a - round. 



:t:=^t= 



:t 



There is beauty in tlic rajiid flowing river, 
"There is beauty in the gushing, sparkling rill ; 

There is beauty in the grand and lofty mountains, 
There is bt'uuty on the verdant hill. 

Tiiore is beauty in the starry skies of evening, " 
There is beauty in the pleasant noonday bright ; 



There is beauty in a radiani summer morning, 
There is beauty in the silent night. 

There is beauty in the music of the songbirds. 
There is beauty in the lambkins at their play; 

Still more beautiful the sound of children's voices 
In praise to God each Sabbath day. 



PRIESTHOOD AND YOUTH. 



\V. E. WINKWORTH. 



Praise God in the dance, praise the Lord in the song. 
To whom all our thanks nnd our praisos helong; 
To <j(>d anfl to .lesus your voices now raise, 
United in heart accord Him tlie praise. 

Thr Yonth. 

With thanks we acknowledge our Father's kind care. 
In whom and through whom every blessinK we share; 
Our Father we worsliip in Christ, and adore 
His power, name, goodness and Iovr evermore. 

}*rit-sthof)fL 

Then youth.s, be ye faithful and keep His comm:inds 
With pure, honest hearts and undeBled hands; 
(live heed to His Priesthood, restored to fulfill 
His righteous desires and to make known His will. 

Till youth. 

We hearken, and faithful His word will obey, 
By which still we live from day unto day; 
Will strive to be pure till perfected we be. 
And Christ and our Father will eye to eye see. 

Priext/iood. 

Do this and His goodness and bounties enjoy, 

While jjraisp fills your hearts and your lips doth employ; 

In Christ still partakers, to God glory give. 

And blessed and blessing you ever shall live. 



T/'. 



youth. 

So be it, and now in our .ioys we renew 
Thanksgivings to God, ever faithful ana true; 
Our praj-ers will ascend to our Father above 
For all good comprised in unspeakable love. 



Priesthood and Youth. 

As one we adore our Great Father and Lord, 
And joyful we praise Thee with heartfelt accord, 
For mercies unnumbered — life, favor and grace. 
The truth of Thy love, and the light of Thy face. 

For freedom to serve Thee afar from our foes. 
Where none may molest, and where none dare oppose. 
Where peaceful we dwell under liberty'.* shade. 
With none to oppress or to make us afraid. 



C H A K A i:> E . 



UV F. H. S.MYTH. 



My first is spen at dawn i>r day : 
It cheers the wanderer on his way ; 
Doth in our dwellings surely creep, 
And wakes the dreamer from his sleep. 

My second, should a man be poor. 
He'll have to hire it o'er and o'er; 
'Tis wiser far before you wed 
To have your own above your hi'ud. 

My whole upon the rocks is seen, 
Where many a vessel wrecked has been ; 
Tire mariner sees it from afar. 
At night, a bright and guiding star. 



The answer to the Charade publi-'^hed in No. 1 is New.s- 
PAi'ER. We have received a correct solution from Wm. L. 
Walters, Wellsville. 



<S 



HSi^^ 




