
VOI,. y. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1874. 



NO. 26. 



FUNERALS I35T PARIS, 



There is scarcely anything in Paris so characteristic and 
notable a? the funerals. It is not often, comparatively, 
that the tourist has occasion to know the peculiar arrange- 
ments in detail. When death lifts a warning finger, the victim 
ordinarily seeks his home. There he either trusts to find a 
hidius-place from the destroyer, or to receive the fatal stroke 



of charges. This association; called the Entreprise des Pompes 
Fun'bres, buries everybody which the vital spark deserts in 
Paris. Funerals are divided into ten classes, nine extraordi- 
nary, and one ordinary class. Application for funeral rites can 
be made at the Mayor's office of each district. A blank is 
given to the applicant, containing the items of expenses in the 





'JW, 

amid the loviug embraces of his kinsfolk. There are some 
Americans, however, who know too well from sad experience 
the municipal regulations concerning the burial of the dead. 

The business of burying the dead is not open to competition 
in Paris. The contract is, at stated times, awarded to appli- 
cants who have the monopoly. They act under the closest 
utiny of the authorities, and are strictly limited to a tariff 



class desired. There may have been some change in these 
within a few years, but in 1868 the cost, of a "first -class 
funeral" including the religious rites, which, of themselves 
formed an item of a thousand francs, cost 10,869 francs, or 
about $2,175. For this is provided a magnificent hearse, 
mounted with silver and adorned with elegant black plumes. 
This carriage is drawn by six pure black horses, in black ti 





30S 



0" XT "V IE 1ST I L E HTSTRUCTOR. 




pings, driven by men in a mourning livery. Thirty or forty 
carriages, all covered with black cloth, are furnished; the 
church at which the religious ceremonies are performed is 
elaborately hung with black, and in the entrance a black cloth 
is suspended upon which is wrought in silver thread the initial 
letter of the name of the deceased. 

At the church everything is conducted in the most solemnly 
splendid manner. High mass is offered; the cure of the parish 
is present with eighteen priests and two vicars. The presence 
of these dignitaries costs nearly eighty francs, or about sixteen 
dollars. Additional carriages would increase the expense, and 
on the other hand the charge would be reduced by dispensing 
with a portion of the details. 

The scale of prices decreases until at the last or lowest priced 
funeral, which costs only six or seven francs, or about $1.15 to 
to $1.35, all the pomp is gone, and four seedy looking men bear 
the body to the grave upon their shoulders. Decent sepulture 
is not withholden even from the pauper, and if there is no 
money to pay for a funeral, the government requires the burial 
to be at least conducted with propriety. There is no such revolt- 
ing hustling off to the grave as is sometimes described to take 
place in London, although the grave itself is a huge trench in 
which the dead poor lie thick together. The mourner may not 
tell where the beloved remains lie. The plain open hearses, 
such as our picture represents, come following close upon each 
other, the priest stands in a commodious box, ready to sprinkle 
holy water as the procession passes him, and he has rarely more 
than a few moments to wait. The entrance to the cemetery is 
beset with the sellers of decorations for the graves, wreaths of 
immortelles, plaster casts and flowers. There are also watering- 
cans to be let, and mourners come with their pots of flowers or 
their wreaths and hire the full can with which to water the 
offerings. 

The politeness of the French people is proverbial. It may 
be that it is merely external, heartless formality, but it is 
certainly preferable to the unseemly crowding and jostling 
which is the experience of funeral trains in large cities in this 
country. 



T3STJD2LA.. 

From the Pen and Flow. 




( Concluded. ) 

IT is almost idle to say that white ants are a pest ot Indian 
existence, for every one knows it, and yet they make life very 
wretched to those possessed of valuables they can swallow. I 
thought that there was no getting rid of them, but a friend 
assures me that it is possible to physic then out ot existence. 
He told me that once he was ill with some curious complaint 
for a month or more, during which his medical attendant pre- 
scribed a good store of 'poticary's stuff for him daily, and often 
twice and three times a day. This physic — the property of the 
State — he himself studiously avoided taking, but he thought 
no harm to water the posts of his verandah with draughts and 
lotions, or to blister them wherever the termites had erected 
their clay-covered ways in abundance. The effect was precisely 
what he expected. The ants had either died or fled; "and" 
continued my friend, "the most extraordinary part of the 
story has to come; the posts, one and all, withered away, and 
came tumbling down with the last prescription." Drugs with 
the power of felling a tree might indeed make away with white 
ants; but nothing much short of remedies of that description 



could be expected effectually to tackle an insect that will devour 
everything almost except metal. 

Fleas, and flies too, are frightful plagues of life in India, and 
some bungalows are so infested with the former that there is 
really nothing to do under the infliction but to evacuate the 
premises. I recollect once, at Bangalore, renting a house for a 
month, like a greenhorn as I was, without due inquiry into its 
character. I sent in my furniture, and took possession myself, 
in a pair of white trousers and other garments, as a matter of 
course. In half an hour these habiliments were speckled all 
over with dots, that I soon felt were fleas; while an unfortunate 
dog of mine was so harassed by the enemy that he howled dis- 
mally while trying to tear his skin with his claws. Sooner than 
give up sixty rupees house rent without a struggle I slept all 
night in the house; but such a night as I and that dog had ! 
Everything — furniture, mats, bed-clothes, curtains, and all — 
seemed skipping with hosts of fleas on them ; and towards 
morning we fairly fled from the house, leaving the sixty rupees 
with the landlord. This same bungalow, and many others 
also, were full of small ticks too, which were fo be seen creep- 
ing over the walls in every direction. These last are very 
disgusting, but not so irritating as the eye fly, a little wretch 
that is continually getting in one's optics, and at certain seasons 
is really excessively troublesome. The common house fly too, 
as well as the carpenter fly, which fills up keys, and all small 
things hollow, with clay and maggots, is an intolerable nuis- 
ance, and many a time would I have gladly compounded for 
the absence of these torments by the presence of snakes, 
or something large and extinguishable, such as our friends at 
home credit us with as Indian society. 

I never, however, remember to have seen a snake inside a 
house but once, and that was a harmless rock snake, about 
nine feet long, which I shot in my office, whither he had gone 
doubtless in search of the rats that were fond of digesting 
official papers. This snake, however, though not venomous, 
had to be shot; for when he found himself shut up in a small 
room, and unable to escape, he turned fiercely on my servants, 
darting at their naked skins with such vigor as to clear the 
room of them all in a few seconds. Other snakes of a harm- 
less character I have seen gliding among the creeping plants, 
climbing over verandahs; but a cobra is a stranger to me — inside 
a house, at least. In the last bungalow I lived in there was a 
compound, or garden, attached, that was the haunt of a famous 
cobra I could never catch a sight of, though he was seen almost 
daily by my servants and others. This snake used to travel 
regularly between my house and another five or six hundred 
yards away, and his track could be seen in the dust distinctly. 
A native gardener in my employ worshiped the cobra, giving it 
fruit, milk, &c, as offerings, and I fancy took care I should 
never sec it, knowing well that it would have received a warm 
reception from my trusty breechloader if I had met with it- 
So much for snakes as pests in Indian houses. 

One more plague, and I have done. It is the plague of 
squirrels. An English reader cannot readily conceive how such 
a pretty little animal as is the Indian grey squinel can consti- 
tute himself a nuisance; but that he is one all will admit who 
live in houses where squirrels are abundant. Their noise, in 
the first place, is nearly as irritating as the monotonous chirp of 
the cicada, or the wearisome no';e of Indian cuckoo. This is 
especially the case when the little wretches are breeding — and 
they are wonderfully prolific — for at this season they will recline 
on their bellies on the tiles or thatch, or cornices, or anywhere, 
and chirp with exceeding shrillness for hours together, until 
one becomes half deafened and wholly enraged with the.clamor. 





CT IT -V IE 1ST I L B UsTSTBTJOTOE/ 



303 




1 had at one time a colony of squirrels so tame in my verandah 
that they would come and have tea and toast with me every 
morning, sitting on the same chair as myself, and allowing me 
to do anything but stroke them. But they shortly became a 
nuisance. They bred in my bath-room so constantly that the 
noise of the young and old in the house was more than I could 
stand, and the company that gathered by degrees so numerous 
as to seriously interfere with my horticultural operations. 
They would eat all the peas and beans as soon as the seeds 
were planted, and devour the horses' "gram" without measure. 
I tried the pellet bow on the latest comers, and knocked over 
several stunned; but they invariably came to life again and 
ran away in a few minutes. At last, when the multitude 
became altogether intolerable, I took the gun to them one day 
and shot three dozen, whose carcasses made excellent curry 
for my househeepers, as they told me — and well they might, 
being fattened on Bengal "gram," precious peas from Carter, 
and kidney beans in heaps. After this I got a little rest; but 
they were soon as bad as ever again, and agaiu the gun had 
to be brought into requisition. 

The mungoose bandycoot are also pests for all who keep 
poultry yards or feathered pets in India. No doubt these 
creatures will play havoc in a poultry yard if they can enter it, 
but it is not only all they actually kill, but all they are credited 
with, that induces the mischief. The faithful native servant, 
when disposed for turkey, goose, or guinea hen, takes a knife, 
in the dead of night slashes and hacks as many fowls as he 
wants. Then he goes to roost himself. Next day the carcasses 
are shown to the horror-stricken mistress of the house, who 
offers a reward for the head- of the mungoose, who, it will be 
seen, is no goose at all. Of course the lady would not eat 
fowls that had died a natural death, and so the wily butler, 
cook, or who ever it may be, has a good dinner, at our expense 
and that of the bandycoot. Indeed, one thinking well over 
the catalogue of an Anglo-Indian's grievances in this matter, 
I doubt if his servants are not among the greatest plagues of 
life after all. 



THE LAMA1TITES. 



BY JOHN NICHOLSON. 




( Concluded. ) 

Eldeh Lafayette Ball, of Deep Creek, was in this city a short 
time since, and had with him a book containing the record 
of the baptisms of Lamanites that had been lately attended to 
in that locality. It included the names of eight hundred who 
had recently been baptized there. It appears the Indians 
would frequently come in from quite long distances, wearied 
with travel, for the purpose of being "buried in water.'' And 
they would sometimes ask the Elders to administer to their 
sick children, who were frequently healed instantly by the 
power of Cod. 

Those who say they were visited by the heavenly messengers 
state that the latter have instructed them that the Indians had 
better stay on the government reservations until spring, as 
there would be verv cold weather in the surrounding country 
this winter, which prediction has already proved true, the 
weather around Utah, north, northwest and east having been 
fearfully cold. But they were to gather to Ibim Pah (Deep 
Creek) in the spring, there get baptized, and commence farm- 
ing, and it is expected that there will be a large gathering 
there at that time, accordingly, among the tribes expected 
being the Salmon-eaters, llickorcs and Crows, so the writer 

arns from Major Ditnock B. Huntington, one of the most 



experienced and capable Indian interpreters of the West. 
The Indians say they have been instructed, by the messengers 
before alluded to, to cultivate the soil for two and a half years 
after they are baptized, after which specified time the Lord 
will tell them something else that they will have to do. If the 
soldiers try to prevent them from leaving the reservations and 
going to Deeu Creek, they are instructed not to fight the 
troops, but to evade them by slipping around them. If the 
soldiers should even shoot them down they are not to retaliate, 
and if they should thus be killed in the line of 'heir duty, all 
will be well with them, for it will be like lying down at night 
and getting up in the morning in a far happier state, and white. 

The same spirit takes ho'd of the Indians when they get 
baptized as any other people become possessed of when they 
embrace the gospel, for as soon as they receive its principles 
they begin to have a desire for gathering. 

It is worthy of remark also that when the gospel was restored 
in this age it came to and was received not generally bv the 
rich and the exalted, but for the greater part by the poorer 
but more honest classes of men and women, and it appears to 
be the same in the matter of the reception of the gospel by the 
"remnant of Israel, " the work among them having commenced 
among the humbler, though more honest and well-behaved 
tribes. 

The beginning of the 5th paragraph of a revelation, com- 
mencing on page 217 of the Book of Doctrine and Covenants 
says: "But before the great day of the Lord shall come, Jacob 
shall flourish in the wilderness, and the Lamanites shall blos- 
som as the rose. Zion shall flourish upon the hills, and rejoice 
upon the mountains, and shall be assembled together unto the 
place which 1 have appointed." 

Now it appears that the prediction has been partially 
fulfilled, but not the portion relating to the Lamanites. who 
are yet to "blossom as the rose," before the "great and terrible 
day" and the coming -f the L)rd in His glory, but it shall be 
fulfilled as sure as the sun shines in the heavens, for Cod hath 
spoken it, and He never lies. 

Does this movement among the Indians, treated upon in this 
article, look like a preparatory step towards its fulfillment? 
If not what mean those manifestations? Could any earthly 
power so influenee the mind of the Indian? Does it not look 
as if God was commencing to fulfill His promises made to 
their fathers ? 

True, some people assert that to attribute such things to 
heavenly influences, and to believe the solemn statements of 
some of the Indians about receiving visits from heavenly 
beings is next to nonsense, but no believer in the great lattei- 
day work can say that it is inconsistent with what the Lord has 
promised to do in the bringing about of his great purposes ; 
and if there be those who doubt let them read the Book of 
Mormon and the Doctrine and Covenants with that attention 
which those sacred works should receive. It will take but a 
short time to prove the character of the movement; for the 
Lord has promised to "cut his work short in righteousness," 
and a promise made by the Lord to the faithful believers in 
the gospel in the latter days was that they would "understand 
the parable of the fig tree." In other words they would under- 
stand the "signs of the times." 

I believe that you, my readers, should treat the Indians, 
kindly, and that you should exercise faith in Cod for them 
that they may be reclaimed from their fallen condition, and 
begin to receive the gospel, for 1 can assure you, my dear 
children, that they will yet take a great part in helping to 
establish the kingdom of God on the earth. 





304r 



JTJVB1TILE IITSTEUCTOB 




.a. K,Ei^ni2srisGE2sroE. 



BY J. H. 




After coming to an anchor at St. Helena we watered and 
coaled, and proceeded on our voyage towards England. 
The next place we arrived at was the Island of Ascension, 
situated in latitude 7° south of the equator, and in a northeast 
direction from St. Helena. 

Ascension is very unlike St. Helena. It has no beautiful 
springs of water, and, in fact, no water at all, except when it 
rains, when, you may be sure, the people catch all they can. 
The supply of water used to be brought from St. Helena, a 
distance of six hundred miles, which, going and returning, 
made a voyage of twelve hundred miles — a long voyage for 
water. Three quarts a day was the allowance per man. Of 
late years the people use a condensing apparatus, by which the 
salt water is converted into steam, which, passing through 
pipes, is reconverted into fresh water, the most beautiful and 
soft of waters to drink. When in H. M. ship Falcon, for 
three years and a half, we used all condensed water, except on 
two or three occasions, when we obtained some from St. 
Helena. 

The Island of Ascension seems to be an extinct volcano, and 
on going ashore you find sand and cinders, and then, by way of 
variation, a little cinders and sand, rendering it one of the 
most uncomfortable places imaginable. There is one spot, 
however, on the island, called Green .Mountain, at an elevation 
of about two thousand feet above the sea, on which cattle and 
sheep are kept; there is also a hospital on the island for the 
sick and wounded from the British ships of war engaged in 
suppressing the slave trade, for this island belongs to the 
English, and is used by them as a store house for provisions 
for their ships of war; and, in fact, it has officers, marines and 
sailors, the same as a ship of war, one being stationed there all 
the time. The discipline is the same on shore as on board a 
ship of war. 

The island is noted for the great quantity of turtles around 
its coasts, some of which are very large. Great numbers of 
sea birds frequent the island at certain seasons of the year, to 
'ay their eggs and hatch their young. The turtles like- 
wise lay their eggs in the sand on the shore, where they are 
hatched by the snn. The way the sailors catch the turtles is 
rather amusing, although dangerous. The tars sail around 
the island in boats used for the purpose, and at suitable dis- 
tances go on shore, where they have lookouts stationed. 
These lookouts are large enough to hold two or three men, and 
are so constructed as not to make the turtles shy. When 
they come on shore and are busy in laying their eggs — and they 
lay a great number — the sailors creep up alongside of them 
and turn them on their backs, in which condition they are 
powerless and easily handled, although some weigh as much as 
six hundred pounds.? They are then hauled to the boats, and 
taken on board or lashed alongside, after which they are placed 
in the turtle ponds. Great numbers are captured in this 
manner. Some are killed and issued as meat to the ships' 
crews, which is, however, always issued to the men in addition 
to their regular allowance of provisions. Some are sold to 
passing merchant ships. The meat of the turtle is considered 
a great luxury, and commands a high price in Europe. 

After having laid in a stock of turtles for the use of our 
crew, also one to be taken to England, we set sail once more for 
home. 

What pleasant associations are connected with that word, 
home! What tender memories are wound around its hallowed 



portals! The most hardened will melt into tears as his thoughts 
revert to childhood's home, and memories of father, mother, 
brothers and sisters come crowding upon him. Such were the 
feelings of most of the crew of the Amazon. They might be 
heard telling with what joy they would meet father, mother, 
brothers or sisters, and what presents they who were fortunate 
enough to have relatives had for each. 

The usual routine of a man-of-war was carried out, with the 
addition of painting the ship inside and out, and scraping her 
spars, so that she would look neat and trim on her arrival in 
England. To accomplish this task on her upper deck the guns 
had been placed lengthwise of the ship, so that the port holes 
could be painted, also the inside of the ship. 

On the evening of the 30th of March, the guns were run 
out, or placed in their proper places, pointing towards the sea, 
and secured by the side tackles, leaving the breeching, or thick, 
heavy ropes which hold the guns in position when they are 
fired, detached. 

The wind blew a light breeze, and the greatest feeling of 
security prevailed. At about a quarter past eight in the 
evening the first lieutenant, Mr. Moles, accompanied by the 
master-at arms, was making the usual inspection of the lower 
deck, to see that all fires and lights were extinguished, when 
all of a sudden a squall struck the ship, accompanied with 
terrible forked lightning and fearful peals of thunder. Over 
went the ship, and the first lieutenant jumped for the ladder 
at the ma'n hatchway, and with stentorian voice called out: 
•'Clear the lower deck!" He had no occasion to tell the men 
to clear the deck, as they, having only just turned in, were all 
awake, and out of their hammocks they bundled, njt stopping 
to dress themselves, for every one thought that the ship was 
gone. 

With the instinct of self preservation, and having been so 
recently associated with a terrible catastrophe by which four 
hundred and eighty souls found a watery grave, I sprang to 
the ladder at the main hatchway, and ran on deck. A sight 
I never shall forget met my gaze. The wind was blowing a 
gale, the sea washing over the ship, the guns on the lec-side 
plowing up the water, the sails rent to pieces, cordage flying 
about in all conceivable directions, endangering the lives and 
limbs of the sailors, the officers shouting their commands to 
the crew aloft and on deck, and the sailors calling to each other 
as they were endeavoring to shorten sail and save the ship, 
while the rain was literally pouring down. I\'o idea of such a 
scene of confusion can be formed by people who have uever 
been to sea; but my nautical readers will better understand our 
position when I tell them that this took place in 2° N. latitude 
21° 40' W. longitude, and that the ship keeled over twenty- 
three degrees; out of all plain sails set except the mizzen royal 
with fore-top-mast studding sail, consisting of fourteen sails, 
ten were carried away, namely, jib and flying jib, mainsail, 
mizzen-top-sail, fore-top-mast, studding sail, fore, main and 
mizzen-top-gallants, and fore and main royals. The lighter sails 
were literally torn to shreds, and had it not been for the sails 
splitting we must have gone over. In the midst of this confu- 
sion there was a fear that the weather guns would fetch away, 
and if such had been the case I should certainly not have 
penned these incidents. However, there seemed to be a special 
providence watching over us, and we were preserved. 

Nothing happened particularly striking on our voyage to the 
Azores, except the blowing lo pieces of our foresail. On arriv- 
ing at Spithead, we were transferred to a steamer and taken on 
board the ship Victory, on which the celebrated admiral, Lord 
Nelson, was killed at the battle of Trafalgar, between the 




? 



J" TJ "V E IDT I L E IWSTKUCTOB 



305 




English on one side and the French and Spaniards on the other 
in November, 1805. This ship was ordered to Devenport to 
pay off and go out of commission. 

After remaining on board the Victory a few days, a court 
martial was ordered, as is the usual practice, to investigate the 
circumstances attending the loss of the Birkenhead, All the 
survivors were there, both officers and men, to give any testi- 
mony that would throw any light on the subject. Admiral 
Briggs was presiding officer at the court, which was composed 
of captains of the men-of-war stationed at Portsmouth. On 
one side of the table was seated Commodore Martin; I was 
standing just behind him, the men having put me in front of 
them, being a boy of ten and small for my age. The admiral 
espied me, and beckoning to Commodore Martin, who looked 
round and called me to him, questioned me respecting my 
father and mother, and then sent me to the admiral, who 
asked me many questions, and finally, with tears in his eyes, 
he gave me permission to go on shore every afternoon after the 
court adjourned, and told me to be a good boy, and to be sure 
and come to his office in Portsmouth dockyard. 

A few days after the investigation closed the men were exon- 
erated from all blame, but Mr. Cullane was severely repri- 
manded for deserting the other boats, and, after landing, for 
not trying to save the lives of the poor fellows on the pieces of 
wreck. 

In conclusion 1 will state that I saw the admiral and Commo- 
dore Martin, who wrote to the lords commissioners of the 
admiralty, and I received an order to repair to the naval college 
at Greenwich, where I spent four years in learning navigation, 
etc. I shall always remember with gratitude the kindness of 
these gentlemen and of my native country, in providing me with 
a good home and giving me a good, sound, practical education; 
and of their solicitude for my welfare when my time at the 
college had expired. And I must not forget to pay a Hist 
tribute to that gallant officer, Admiral Sir James- Gordon, who 
by his kindness and care acted the part of a second father to 
me. 



SOAP DVCA-ZtSTTTIrJ^CTIT^IE:. 



BY BETH. 




THERE are few persons who understand the proper price that 
should be paid for soap. This arises from the fact that 
various artifices are resorted to by manufacturers to "bring 
down the price," that is, to sell cheapear than the ordinary 
rates, by using inferior materials. The true va'ue is the dry 
soap contained. Soap is, or rather should be, a concentrated 
solution of soap in water. By ''dry soap" is meant the dry 
combination of alkali and fatty acid; commercial soap is this 
compound in chemical combination with water, although in 
practice much more water than this is combined. Ordinary 
soap is a compound of oily or fatty matter with potash or soda, 
to which resin soaps are frequently added. In practice, the 
making of soap by the use of the carbonates of the alkalies is 
not resorted to, as it is slow and uncertain. The ''concentrated 
lye," so familiar in our homes, rapidly saponifies, or brings 
into soap, the most unlikely looking fatty materials, if the 
"directions" around the box arc strictly followed. 

As to the carbonates, almost every housewife of this country 
is familiar with the practice by which the carbonate of potash 
is made, from wood ashes. Water dissolves out the "lye," or 
carbonate of potash, which is held in solution by the water, 
"quicken" this, caustic (fresh burned) lime is added. The 



lime seizes upon the carbonic acid of the carbonate of potash, 
forming carbonate of lime, which falls to the bottom, the solu- 
tion thus becoming a caustic lye. There is no reason why this 
kind of lye-making should not be practiced upon a large scale, 
now that co-operative soap manufactories are starting into 
being among us. Wherever wood ashes are Jmade they are, if 
rightly used, a source of wealth. Coal ashes contain pernicious 
elements, and should not be mixed. 

All kinds of fatty matter should also be saved and utilized; 
in many families attention is paid to this. In large cities noth- 
ing of the kind is allowed to run to waste. Dead horses and 
other animals are not thrown away; the hides are made into 
leather or glue, the hair or wool is made into mattresses and 
clothing; the oil and fat are made into candles or soap; the 
bones, after the fat is extracted, go to the turner for combs, 
brushes, etc.; the bone-dust is purified for making certain 
jellies; the bonej-efuse is made into bone-black; the hoofs and 
blood are made into valuable salts and paints. That which 
canuot really be used in the arts is made into valuable fertil- 
izers. Horses' shoes are used for making tough instruments, 
and the nails out of them are made into handsome gun-barrels. 
The flesh is boiled for the fat; the meat is fed to dogs and cats. 
What become of the tongues of dead animals is a mystery that 
has never been published. Some of the fine gelatines sold in 
the shops, from which our delicacies are prepared, could tell 
quite a story of transformations by the various chemical proc- 
esses of the day, which, perhaps, it would be better to know as 
little as possible about, if we like jellies, blanc-mauge, and 
similar tempting luxuries. 

There is one process in making soap fro«> wood ashes that is 
noticeable, as it throws light upon the chemistry of soap mak- 
ing. Potash soaps do not get hard like the soda soaps, which 
dry out by losing their water. The cause of potash soaps not 
hardening is, they are deliquescent, they absorb and retain 
moisture. But these soaps may be decomposed by the salts of 
sodas such as common salt, which is a chloride of sodium, or 
"Glauber's salt," which is a sulphate of soda. The cause of 
chemical change is simple: potash is a stronger "base" than 
soda; it has greater affinity for the mineral acid than for the 
fatty acid; thus the fatty acid has to combine with the soda, 
which forms a hard soap— a soda soap. When salt is added 
to the boiling potash soap the separation and recombination is 
as follows: the potash goes over to the chlorine of the common 
salt, forming chloride of potassium; the sodium of the com- 
mon salt takes up oxygen and combines with the fatty acid. 
Or, if Glauber's salt is used the potash unites to the sulphuric 
acid of that salt and forms sulphate of potash, the soda, as in the 
other wocess, forming a hard soap by combining with the fat. 
( To he Continued.} 



-+- — ♦•—•»•» 



\ POTTERY Tree.— The pottery tree of Para is one of the 
curiosities of Brazil. The stem does not exceed a foot in 
diameter and grows to the bight of one hundred feet But 
its greatest peculiarity consists in the nature of its wood and 
bark, which contain so much silica that they are used tor 
the manufacture of earthenware vessels. The bark contains 
more silica than the wood, and in preparing it lor the 
potter's use it is first burnt, and the residuum is pulverized 
a„d mixed with clay, a similar quantity of each ingredient 
producing a superior ware. The fresh bark cuts like soft 
sandstone, and when dried is difficult to break. 



Prove all th 



hold fast to that which 



ood. 





306 



CT XT "ST IE IN" I LIE IITSTBTJOTOB, 



||fa jjnuemlq |(nstntcf0i[* 









EDITOR. 






SATURDAY, 


DECEMBER 


19 


1874. 




EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 



NOTHER year is quickly passing away. 

Eighteen hundred and seventy-four will 

soon be numbered with the ever growing 

past, and the events that have transpired 

during its duration will be recorded as 

matters of history. Each of us, now, 

is one year older, each, one year nearer 

the consummation of God's purposes, the 

destruction of the wicked, and the reign 

of Christ, our Savior King, on the earth. 

The present is not an inappropriate time for 
all of us, young and old, boy and girl, to examine 
ourselves, and from the searching of our own 
lives, learn the progress we are making in the 
path of true usefulness and happiness. Have 
$? we, the youth of Zion, sought, during the past year 
fiCqffi to improve the golden hours as they passed ? Can 
x »^' se we to-day, t etter than a year ago, give a reason for 
our faith in God and in the great work of man's 
redemption, in which he has called us to take a part? Have 
we made a good use of the faculties and talents with which 
we have been blessed? have we used our eyes, our ears, and 
our brains towards the acquisition of useful knowledge and 
valuable experience? Or, have we been moping along half 
asleep, neither thinking or caring how we could be of the most 
use in the world to God and to His cause ? Or, is it possible 
that any of us can have done worse and used our powers of 
heart and mind to evil ends and unholy purposes? 

To refer to the education of the mind. There was a time in 
the history of Utah when'good schools were scarce and useful 
knowledge difficult to obtain. To-day, how different! Good 
schools abound, and Sabbath schools, improvement societies, 
libraries and other aids in the royal road to knowledge are to 
be found in almost every settlement. Certainly the youth of 
Salt Lake City, have many advantages in these respects over 
their friends in the smaller settlements, but even the smaller 
settlements are generally better supplied than Salt Lake City 
was a few years ago. Amongst the advantages possessed by 
the youth of our metropolis is the valuable library of the 
University of Deseret, whose rooms, through the efforts of Dr. 
Park, are open every evening to the student and general reader 
to peruse the many valuable books and publications that have 
there been collected. The institutes, also, which have been 
established in many of the Wards for the moral, religious and 
intellectual improvement of their members, where wisely con- 
ducted and controlled, have proved great aids to the young to 
acquire information of the most valuable character, in a very 
agreeable manner. We cannot speak too highly of the efforts 
of our young friends who have bent their energies to give life 
to these institutions and to frame their sessions for the pleasure 
and improvement of their fellow members. 

Another class of workers, whom the Instructor holds in 
high regard, as fellow laborers in the development of the 
powers and faith of the growing thousands of Zion's children, 




are the Sunday school officers and teachers, whose labors of 
love, arduous and irksome as they must often be, will bear rich 
fruit to the glory of God, the salvation of their younger breth- 
ren and sisters, and their own eternal happiness. There are 
few fields which those who wish to commence the new year in 
some fresh path of well-doing can better engage in than the 
Sabbath school cause. To do this we do not have to cross 
oceans and continents to reach the objects of our care; we have 
not to go amongst strangers in far off climes to preach the 
Gospel, but we can preach its principles to our little ones at 
home, many of whom, outside the Sunday school have never 
heard a sermon preached on the first principles of our faith, 
such as their parents so often listened to in the lands where 
the Gospel was first brought to them by the Elders from Zion. 
We invite all our brethren and sisters who have the cause of 
truth nearest their hearts and whose other duties do not pre- 
vent their engaging in such a labor, to join the ranks of those 
who are assisting Sabbath by Sabbath in the instruction of 
the children of God's people. 

With this number we bid a kind good by to the readers of 
Volume Nine of the Juvenile Instructor, hoping that not 
one of those who have followed us through its pages will leave 
us at this point, but will continue to peruse the numbers of our 
coming volume with a generous eye and a cheering word in the 
circle of their friends for all they find within its pages to praise 
or commend. On our part, our efforts shall not slacken to 
make our little paper a journal well worthy of the patronage 
of all who wish to see the children of to-day become the men 
and women of the future, who with mighty faith and good 
works shall establish in triumph the Father's glorious kingdom. 




HI^.IsriDA^K,ITI3Sr(3-. 



IT is a remarkable fact, that no man can ever get rid of the 
style of handwriting peculiar to his country. If he be 
English, he writes in English style; if French, in French style; 
l f (lerman. Italian or Spanish, in the style peculiar to his 

nation. Professor B states: — '"I am acquainted with a 

Frenchman, who has passed all his life in England, who speaks 
English like one of our own countrymen, and writes it with 
ten times the correctness of ninety-nine in a hundred of us; 
but yet who cannot, for the life of him. imitate our mode of 
writing. I knew a Scotch youth, who was educated entirely in 
France, and resided eighteen years in that country, mixing 
exclusively with French people, but who, although he had a 
French writing-master, and, perhaps, never saw anything but 
French writing in his life, yet wrote exactly in the English style; 
it was really national instinct. In Paris all the writing-masters 
profess to teach English style of writing; but, with all their 
professions, and all their exertions, they never can get their 
pupils to adopt any but the cramped hand of the French. 
Some pretend to be able to tell the characteristics of individuals 
from their handwritings. I know not how this may be, but 
certainly the nation to which an individual belongs can be 
instantly determined by his handwriting. The difference 
between the American or English and the French handwriting 
is immense — a schoolboy would distinguish it at a glance. 
In fact, there is about as great difference in the handwriting of 
different nations as in their languages. And it is a singular 
truth, that, though a man may shake off national habits, 
accent, manner of thinking, style of dress — though he may 
become perfectly identified with another nation, never can he 
change his handwriting to a foreign style." — D' Israeli. 





JTJVE1TILE I1TSTRTJCTOB, 



307 




^^.ijoonsrs. 



The falcon is one of the swiftest and boldest of the birds of 
prey. It loves the loftiest and most craggy of cliffs, and 
makes its nest in spots which can be reached only by a bold 
and experienced climber. 

The flight of the falcon is wonderfully rapid. One of these 
birds having escaped from the falconry of Henry II., it is said 
that it performed the whole distance from Paris to Malta in 
one day. 

But, notwithstanding its great powers of flight, it is not 
always successful in its chase of other birds. Naumann says 
that he saw a pigeon, when pursued by a falcon, throw itself 
into a lake, dive down, and shortly afterwards come forth in 
another part, thus baffling its enemy. Another plan of the 
pigeon is to mount above its enemy; if it succeeds in this it, is 
saved, for the falcon becomes fatigued, and gives up the 
pursuit. 





The falcon is a very long-lived bird. It is said that in 1797, 
at the Cape of Good Hope, 0113 of these birds was caught, 
which showed no signs of weakness or age, and which had on 
a golden collar, with an inscription, saying that in 1610 it 
belonged to James I., King of England; it was therefore over 
one hundred and eighty-seven years old. 

The name of falcon is still associated with the sport of 
falconry, or the art of training or flying falcons and hawks to 
take other birds, and which was formerly held in high esteem 
in the various countries of Europe. The Egyptians, Arabians, 
and Persians practice it to the present day, as also to some 
extent do the Hindoos and the Chinese. 

The ancient Egyptians worshiped the gyrfalcon, the best 
formed and most active member of the falcon tribe. Its name 

from the Egyptian word H!vri>Mcn, or sacred falcon. 



Falconry is of the greatest antiquity. Of this there is 
indisputable evidence. Layard, the English traveler, who 
discovered the ruins of Nineveh and Babylon, says that he saw 
represented in a bas relief, at Khorsabad (one of the palaces 
of Nineveh) a falconer bearing a hawk on his wrist, precisely 
as they are borne on the wrist in these days in that country 
by the eastern hunters. This bas relief was the work of artists 
who lived at least eight or nine centuries before the Savior. 

Layard says that "the bird usually hawked by the Arabs is 
the middle-sized bustard, or houbara. It is almost always 
captured on the ground, and defends itself vigorously with 
wings and beak against its assailant, which is often disabled 
in the encounter. The falcon is generally trained to thi s 
quarry with a fowl. The method pursued is very simple. It 
is first taught to take its raw meat from a man, or from the 
ground, the distance being daily increased by the falconer. 
When the habit is acquired, the flesh is tied to the back of a 
fowl; the falcon will at once seize its usual food, and receives 

also the liver of the 
fowl, which is im- 
mediately killed. 
A bustard is then, 
if possible, captured 
alive, and used in 
the same way. In 
a few days the train- 
ing is complete, and 
the hawk may be 
flown at any large 
bird on the ground. 
' 'The falconry, how- 
ever, in which East- 
erns take most de- 
light is that of the 
gazelle. For this 
very noble and ex- 
citing sport, the 
falcon and grey- 
hound must be 
trained to hunt to- 
gether by a process 
unfortunately some- 
what cruel. In the 
first place, the bird 
is taught to eat its 
daily ration of raw 
meat fastened on 
the stuffed head of 
a gazelle. The next 
step is to accustom it to look for its food between the horns of 
a tame gazelle. The distance between the animal and the 
falconer is daily increased, until the hawk will seek its meat 
when about half a mile off. A greyhound is now loosed upon 
the gazelle, the falcon being flown at the same time. When 
the animal is seized, which of course soon takes place, its 
throat is cut, and the hawk is fed with part of its flesh. After 
thus sacrificing three gazelles, the education of the falcon and 
greyhound is declared to be complete. The chief art in the 
training is to teach the two to signal out the same gazelle, and 
the dog not to injure the Calculi when struggling mi the ground 
with the game. The greyhound, however, soon learns to watch 
the movements of its companion, without whose assistance it 
could not capture its prey. The falcon, when loosed from its 
tresses, flies steadily and near the ground towards the retreat] 





308 



-X TT ^T IE ILTI !_. IE I1TSTBTJCTOB. 




gazelles, and marking one, soon separates it from the herd. It 
then darts at the head of the affrighted animal, throws it to 
the ground, or only checks it in its rapid course. The gre3'hound 
rarely comes up before the blow has been more than once 
repeated." Layard adds, that he once saw a very powerful 
falcon hold a gazelle until the horsemen succeeded in spearing 
the animal. The fleetness of the gazelle is so great, that, 
without the aid of the hawk, very few dogs can overtake it, 
unless the ground be heavy after rain. 



» «*» 




IHIAIBIEAS CORPUS. 

What is a writ of habeas corpus? The two words are 
Latin, and mean, "you may have (or take) the bod} - ." 

In ancient times, when kings and lords had complete power 
over the persons of their subjects, they were in the habit of 
thrusting into prison upon the smallest pretext men who had 
offended them. Sometimes these persons were imprisoned for 
years, simply because the lord who caused their arrest had 
forgotten all about them. 

Personal liberties in England, however, have always been 
more secure than in most other countries. This has been 
largely due to the writ of habeas corpus. When any person 
was unjustly imprisoned, he applied to a judge, or persuaded 
some friend to do so for him, to be brought into court, that 
the case of his being detained might be examined. The 
judge so applied to issued an order, or writ, directing an 
officer of the court to cause the jailer to bring the person 
named in the writ before him, and also to bring his authority 
for holding the man in custody. This writ, which in former 
times was in Latin, contained the words habeas corpus — you 
may have the body of such and such a person. 

The history of the writ is a very interesting one. It was 
employed in very ancient times in England, but it was only 
secured as one of the rights of Englishmen by the Magna 
Charta, or great charter, which the Barons compelled King 
John to sign. In after times despotism revived, and reached 
its hight under Charles I. The judges were corrupt, and 
usually refused the writ. If they granted it, they accepted an 
order of the king for the arrest and imprisonment of a person 
as sufficient warrant, and sent brck to rrison men who had 
never been tried, and whose only offense was having offended 
the king. 

After the restoration of Charles II.. this long-standing and 
then still unsettled question was taken up, and the English 
Habeas Corpus Act, which has been in force ever since, was 
passed. It was prepared by Lord Shaftesbury, who was not 
a trained lawyer, and was not even friendly to the cause of 
personal liberty which it was to secure, and yet it is one of the 
most ingenious and perfect laws the wit of man ever devised. 
It is a law that cannot be evaded, and it has stood the test of 
two hundred years without any substantial amendment. 

The curious part of the history is that the law was never 
really passed by the English Parliament. The House of 
Commons passed it but the House of Lords was opposed to it. 
When the question was taken, one of the tellers, who was 
directed to count the members in lavor of it, counted one very 
fat lord as ten, simply in a joke. Finding that the mistake — 
which was really a falsehood— was not perceived, he allowed it 
to stand uncorrected, and the bill was declared to have been 
passed by 57 to 55, when it had really been defeated by 55 to 
48. To this joke, which was made into a lie, is due the most 

portant act on the English statute book. 



The United States adopted the habeas corpus law entire. It 
is a part of the Constitution that the right shall not be 
suspended except in the event of rebellion or invasion, when 
public necessity requires it. During our late war it was 
virtually suspended in some cases, but the people generally 
agreed that it was necessary. 

If a man in prison can show that he was wrongfully convicted, 
he can secure a hearing by being brought into court. The 
right is extended to every persou who is in any way restrained 
of his liberty, no matter what the crime is of which he is 
accused. If a minor has been enlisted in the army without 
the consent of his parent or guardian, the commander of the 
post can be compelled to submit the case io a Judge, who has 
power to discharge the boy. Other classes of cases will occur 
to every one. 

Like all good things, the writ of habeas corpus is liable to 
abuse. Undoubtedly thousands of men who would have 
continued in custody, have been improperly set free. But it 
is better than it should be so than that the innocent should 
suffer unjust punishment; and no possible abuse of the right 
would ever lead a people to give it up who had once enjoyed 
the privilege.— Selected. 



TIEUE CARRIER PIG-EOIT. 



BY ANNIE E. CARLYLE. 



1 suppose all the readers of the Instructor have seen or 
heard of the beautiful pigeons that have performed such a 
beneficial part in the history of the world, before the introduc- 
tion of the electric telegraph. There are several varieties of 
these pigeons, the favorite being called the Antwerp-carrier; 
its color is black or white, or white with splashes of red on 
the neck and body. Its flight is very rapid. Experiments 
have proved that thirty miles an hour is the average speed, 
but on some occasions they have been known to fly twice that 
distance in the same length of time. Tne carrier pigeon was 
of great service to the French during the late siege of Paris 
by the Germans, and in the Napoleonic wars important news 
of the great battles was sent to the government and to private 
parties by these birds, which, if sent by other means would 
have incurred danger and probable delay. 

A recent visitor to Antwerp gives the following interesting 
sketch of the doings of the pigeon fanciers in that city: 

''One Sunday morning, when quite a stranger in the town, I 
saw the people (who always walk in the middle of the street) 
giving way on each side, and regarding, with no particular 
interest, a man in a workman's blouse and cap, who, with a 
small blue cotton bag, which he held with his teeth, ran at the 
top of his speed. My amazement was great, and it was in no 
measure lessened at sight of another fellow who stood directly in 
his way as though determined to be run into and knocked over, 
but who, on tho contrary, seized the bag from the first as he 
came up, and continued himself the course, while the other 
turned and walked slowly back. I had some difficulty to get 
an explanation of this truly marvelous proceeding, but learned 
at last that they were the employes of the owners of carrier 
pigeons, and that there was a pigeon in the bag which had just 
arrived at the house of its master, and was being carried with 
all possible dispatch to the headquarters of the club, where 
the time of its arrival would be recorded in competition with 
others. 

' 'Of course a bird knows but one home, and will always return 
to it from an}' quarter whatsoever in which he is set at liber 





vJTJ'VElNriLE IITSTBTJCTOR 



309 




Thus birds of different proprietors, bearing each his owner's 
mark, are sent by express in cages together, and at a certain 
hour loosed in company. All make as directly as possible for 
their native town, and each seeks unfailingly the very house 
and box on the roof where he has been bred. At the hour 
they are expected, a man with a cotton bag and a strong cord 
mounts upon the house top, and waiting patiently, seizes the 
little traveler the moment he alights, whips him into the bag, 
ties the mouth of it. and slides it down the cord to the street 
below, where a second man, fleet of foot, is also in attendance, 
and who, seizing the bag with his teeth, in order not to hinder 
the movements of the arms in running, tears off through the 
street at a break-neck speed. 

''Sometimes Antwerp birds are loosed from London, but a 
greater proportion fail to return than when their course is 
overland. They dread the sea unless rpiite sure of their 
direction." 

I will tell you an anecdote of a man who was entrusted with 
a pair of very valuable carrier pigeons, which he was to take 
to a certain point and then send back with an important 
message. On his way he stopped at a hotel, where he gave 
the pigeons to a servant and called for his breakfast. After 
waiting some time he was served with a delicious fricassee. 
After paying his bill, he called for the pigeons; when the 
waiter exclaimed: "Your pigeons! why, you have just eaten 
them!" This was hard on the poor fellow, but that did not 
alter the fact; the pigeons had been cooked and eaten. 

Numbers of carrier pigeons are raised and trained in Turkey 
at the present time; as soon as the pigeons are old enough to 
fly they are taken a short distance from home and then allowed 
to return; each day the distance is gradually inci eased until 
they can make a journey of several miles. The message or 
dispatch as it is called, is attached to either leg or under the wing; 
it has to be very light or it would interfere with the bird's flight. 
It is said that the message contained on a little slip of paper 
less than five inches square has covered one side of the London 
Times after being printed. It was thought by some that the 
flight of the carrier pigeon was merely guided by instinct, but 
this is not the ease; they are directed b\ sight. It is stated that 
if let loose from a balloon on a clear day and too far from the 
ground for objects to be seen by their piercing sight, they drop 
in a perpendicular line until they see some familiar object and 
by this they direct their course. 

Surely our great Creator does not forget His children when 
He makes so many useful as well as beautiful things for their 
benefit. 



A. BRUTAL IF A. T IHI IE IR, . 




One day recently a well-dressed man carried a well-grown 
child, muffled up, and apparently sick, into French's Hotel. 
He placed the child on the stairs and began to talk to it in a 
rough, unkind way. The attention of the guests was attracted, 
and they gathered around. 

"You are able to walk up stairs yourself," said the man, 
"and I won't cany you." 

The poor child began to sob worse than before, and the 
brutal man gave it a severe thurup on the side of the head. 
The child began moaning piteously. The indignation of the 
bystanders was excited, and one of them said to the man: 
"Is that your child?" 

"What's that to you?" the man answered, "I won't tell 
ou." 



"He's my father," the child sobbed; "and — he — killed — my 
— mother — j ust — as — he' s — going — to — kill me. " 

The man doubled his fist and made as if he was about to 
give the child a savage blow. One of the bystanders interfered 
and said: 

"Say, if you don't stop this I'll call a policeman, I never 
saw such a brutal father in all my life. ' ' 

The man began to fumble in his pocket, and the child cried 
out: 

"Take care, he's got a knife. He's going to stick you.'' 

Sure enough he produced a knife and opened it. The crowd 
slipped away one by one, except two. 

'Bring an officer," cried one of the men to a friend. 

"If I am to be arrestee 1 ," the man said, "it will be for 
something," and thereupon he plunged the knife into the body 
of the child. The child shrieked, "I am murdered" and a 
crowd rushed to the spot. The man quietly raised the child 
in his arms, and, removing his hat, said: 

"Gentlemen, don't be alarmed. This is a wooden child. I 
am Professor Crew, the ventriloquist." The crowd went away 
with astonishment.— New York Sun. 



APRICAIT ZFISIK-IHI-AWIK:. 



D 



"The African 



r. Livingstone, the great traveler, says 
fish-hawk -ometimes plunders the purse of the pelican 




Soaring over his 
head, and seeing 
this large stupid 
bird fishing be- 
neath, it watch- 
es till a fire fish 
is sifi in ih; peli" 
can's pouch, then 
descending not 
very quickly, but 
with considerable 
noise of wing, the 
pelican looks up 
to see what is the 
matter, and, as 
the hawk comes 
near, he supposes 
he is about to be 
killed, and 
screams out with 
fright. The open- 
ing of his mouth 
enables the hawk 



to whisk the fish out of the pouch." 
<*t m »» 



The phrase "He didn't know beans," originated thus: the 
Greeks used to vote by ballot; but, instead of "straight" 
republican or democratic tickets, they used black and white 
beans, which corresponded to our black or white balls. A 
black bean opposed the election of a candidate— a white bean 
counted so much in his favor. These beans the citizens carried 
constantly in their pockets,and when a man was undecided 
which way to vote, it was said of him he did not "know beans." 
Hence it will be seen that a very unmeaning and ridiculous 
phrase becomes really expressive when we know its real origin 
and true significance. 



FlERY trials make golden Saints 





310 



JUVEUILB INSTRTJCTOE 




esti0its nntl jj^nsircrs 



oirsr the 
book: of im: o b im: o it. 

REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 




LESSON LXXVIII. 

Q. — What did Amnion and the king do when the Lord com- 
manded the people to leave the land? 

A. — They gathered the people together with their flocks and 
herds. 

Q. — To what part of the land did they go? 

A. — To the wilderness lying between the lands of Nephi and 
Zarahemla. 

Q. — What did Amnion here advise the people to do? 

A. — He advised them to remain in the wilderness until he should 
return. 

Q.— Where did he go? 

A — To the land of Zarahemla. 

Q. — Who went with him.' 

A. — His brethren. 

Q. — What was the obiect in going? 

A. — Amnion wanted to see if the inhabitants were willing for 
the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi to enter their country. 

Q. — While traveling toward the land of Zarahemla whom did 
he meet? 

A. — Alma. 

Q. — How did he feel when he saw Alma 7 

A. — His joy was so great that he was overpowered by it and he 
fell to the earth. 

Q.- -What did Alma afterwards do? 

A. — He conducted Amnion and his brethren to the land of 
Zarahemla. 

Q.— What did they do after they arrived? 

A.— They went to the chief judge and told him what they had 
come for. 

Q.— What did the chief judge do? 

A. — He sent a proclamation among the people. 

Q.— What was the object of this'' 

A.— It was for ascertaining the will of the people concerning 
the admittance of the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi. 

Q. — What answer was received? 

A.— The people answered that they would givetheland Jershon 
to their brethren. 

Q. — Where was this land situated? 

A.— On the east, by the sea which joined the land of Bountiful. 

Q.— What else did the people of Zarahemla offer to do for their 
brethren? 

A.— They said they would put their armies between the land of 
Jershon and the land of Jvephi. 

Q.— What was this for? 

A.— To protect them, ami also that their brethren might not 
have to fieht. 

Q. — What were the conditions of these promises? 

A. — That the people of Anti-Nephi-Lehi would help sustain 
the armies. 

Q. — When Amnion heard these things what did he do? 

A. — He departed for the wilderness to the people. 

Q. — Who went with him.' 

A. — Alma. 

Q. — When they told of their success, how did the people feel? 

A. — They were filled with joy. 

Q. — What did the people next do' 

A. — They went down to the land of Jershon. 

Q. — What were they called after this? 

A. — The people of Amnion. 

Q.— Were they blest in that land'? 

A. — Yes; because they were full of zeal in keeping the com. 

indments of God. 



[ttestiont? and %nzwtr§ 

OUST THEE BIBLE. 



BOOK OF JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXVIII. 

Q.— What else did the children of Israel do that was wrong? 

A. — They did not show kindness to the house of Gideon accord- 
ing to the goodness he showed unto Israel. 

0.— What was the name of one of Gideon's sons that conspired 
against his brethren? 

A. — Abimelech. 

Q- — With whom did he conspire? 

A. — The men of Shechem, his mother's brethren. 

0- — What argument did he use? 

A. — That it was better for one to rule over them than three 
score and ten persons. 

Q. — What other reason did he give? 

A. — That he was of the same bone and flesh as them. 

Q. — What did the men of Shechem then give him? 

A. — Thre^ score and ten pieces of silver. 

Q —What did Abimelech do with the silver? 

A.— He hired vain and light persons to follow him. 

Q.— What did he then do? 

A. — He went to his father's house and slew his brethrer. 

y. — Where were they slain'.' 

A. — All upon one stone. 

Q. — What was the number? , 

A. — Three score and ten persons. 

Q. — Who of this number escaped? 

A. — lotham, the youngest son. 

Q. — How did he escape? 

A. — By hiding himself. 

Q. — What did the men of Shechem do to Abimelech' 

A. — They made him king. 

Q. — What did Jotham do when he heard this.' 

A. — He pronounced a curse upon them. 

Q. — How was the curse of Jotham fulfilled? 

A. — God sent an evil spirit between Abimelech and the men of 
Shechem. 

Q. — How long had Abimelech reigned over Israel when tTifs 
occurred? 

V. — Three years. 

Q. — What resulted from this evil spirit between Abimelech and 
the men af Shechem? 

A. — They went to war with each other. • ru 

Q. — What did Abimelech do to one of the cities of the Shechem 
ites after he had taken it and slain the inhabitants 9 

A. — He covered it with salt. 

Q. — What happened afterward* to Abimelech'.' 

A. — A woman cast a piece of millstone upon his head and "broke 
his skull. 

Q. — What did Abimelech do when this occurred? 

A. — He commanded his armor-bearer to slay him with tli . 
sword. 

Q.— Why did he do this'' 

A., — That men should not say a woman slew him. » , 

Q. — When the men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead 
what did they do? 

A. — ''They departed every man unto his place." 

Q. — What was the name of the next judge of Israel? 

A. — Tola, the son of Puah. 

o.— How long did he judge Israel. 

A — Twenty-three years. 

(4 — Who was the next judge that arose? 

A.— .lair, a Gileadite. 

0. — How long did he reign'' 

A. — Twenty-two years. 

Q. — How many sons had he? 

A.— Thirtv. 





J" IT "VIE NIL IE INSTRUCTOR 



311 





liter tea. 



BY G. M. O. 



"A' 




PELEG. 

nd unto Eber were born two sons; the name of one was 
Peleg, for in his days was the earth divided." We 
find this in Genesis, X. 25. 

This happened about one hundred years after the flood; and 
is considered by a great many to mean, not a great separation 
of the earth into two hemispheres, as at present, but a mere 
division of the land into family or tribe lots. But we have 
no reason to take any such a view of it. For in the beginning 

"God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered 
together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it 
was so." And we take this literal meaning: that the waters 
occupied a certain portion of the globe — gathered together in 
one place, and the land occupied another portion, as one vast 
continent. But God saw fit. in His divine wisdom, in Peleg's 
day, to divide and split up this single continent into two great 
divisions, as we find it in our day. Undoubtedly when this 
separation happened, there was a great commotion, and dis- 
turbance, similar to the shock of a mighty earthquake, espec- 
ially in that portion bordering on the line of division. And 
becarse there is no mention made of such disturbance, but 
the simple fact merely recorded in a few words, many have 
doubted that such a mighty convulsion of the earth did really 
happen. But, as we have before said, the aim of the Scrip- 
tures is above the mere record of detail. We might doubt the 
truth of the account given us of the creation, because minutiae 
are ignored; or the establishment of Adam on the earth, because 
no mention is made of his infancy, nor an anatomical detail of 
the construction of his bones and muscles given. I have not 
the least doubt in the world but that hundreds of young peo- 
ple, who now seldom look into the Bible, would read it oftener, 
had Moses devoted some twenty or more chapters to a sensa- 
tional narrative of the love, courtship and marriage of Adam 
and Eve. And had he done so. of what profit would it be to 
us? To nautical men possibly it would, but to nine-tenths of 
mankind it would not be of one particle of interest, had the 
log-hook of Noah's voyage in the ark been inserted in Genesis, 
with every day's reckonings carefully summed up, and the 
depth of everv sounding marked down. The whole of the 
Mosaic record, as a rule, dispenses with detail, and that the 
division of the earth is merely mentioned in a few words is no 
reason why any one should doubt it. And we must recollect 
that it was only a short time after the deluge, and the family of 

foah had not much time to increase, consequently there could 
not have been a great many people on the earth at the time, 
and they living in close proximity to Ararat, where the ark 
stranded (their settlements could not possibly have extended 
very far from that vicinity). Now, the great split or line of 
division was either to the east or west of that place many 
hundreds of miles, and possibly the shock of the rupture was 
but lightly felt by them; in fact, they may not have known of 
it at all. And Moses has written, possibly, all that he knew 
about it— all that was revealed to him, and no more. 

We have every evidence, geologically, that there has been a 
tremendous upheaval, bending, warping and cracking of the 
earth, at some time ages ago. Unstratified rocks have been 
forced from their beds, and are found overlaying the stratified 
class, forming the earth's surface into a series of insulated 



peaks and elevated ridges, with deep valleys and broad plains. 
On every hand we find evidences of this great rupture. Mod- 
ern geologists ascribe this to slow formations, and partial and 
isolated eruptions. This is correct, no doubt, in many cases, 
but still it is no argument against a great convulsion and rend- 
ing of the earth. That we have these changes and alterations 
in'the contour of the land almost daily, by slow and gradual 
operations, and stupendous and sudden convulsions, is known 
to all readers. Dr. Pingle has clearly shown that the coast of 
Greenland, for a distance of six hundred miles, north and 
south, is gradually sinking. Robert Chambers gives an 
instance of a district of forty geographical miles subsiding 
fifty-eight feet at one extremity and elevating ninety-six feet 
at another. Upon the northern shore of the Baj- of Baioe are 
the ruined temples of Serapis and Neptune, also those of the 
Nymphs; they are now under water, caused by the gradual 
sinking of the land. In Scotland, England, Wales and Amer- 
ica, the coasts have been elevated from a few feet to thousands 
of feet. In the year 1759 the mountain Jurillo rose from the 
plains of Mexico, as if by magic, to the hight of 1600 feet, 
and still remains at that altitude. In South America, in 1822, 
the shock of an 'earthquake produced an elevation that was 
felt along the coast of Chili the distance of twelve hundred 
miles, and the land in an instant was elevated from three to 
four feet, and so remains. This elevation is estimated as 
covering an area of 100,000 square miles. In August, 1S6S, 
Peru, Chili and Ecuador were almost literally overwhelmed in 
ruins by an earthquake; immense waves forty-eight feet high 
rolled in fearful force over the coast; cities and towns were 
wholly destroyed, and three hundred thousand people perished 
in the great disaster. Those mighty waves have changed the 
whole face of the country. A volcano called Papandayang, 
the largest one in Java, located on the southern part of the 
island, on the 12th day of August. 1702, after a violent parox- 
ysm, entirely disappeared in the earth — not only the cone, but 
the country for fifteen miles about it. Forty villages were 
destroyed, most of them virtually swallowed up, and three 
thousand inhabitants perished in the catastrophe. We might 
write chapter after chapter of like instances of changes and 
remodeling of the earth by the will and inconceivable power of 
Him who holds" in His hand everything. 

We believe in the doctrine that teaches us that nothing is 
lost or wasted on our planet, and the subsiding sands of one 
coast go but to elevate the shoies of other parts. This build- 
ing up and tearing down, this life in death, is not only natural 
but necessary to the growth, development and perfection of 
our planet; and not only is the earth changed in form for the 
requirements of man, though never losing its main character- 
istics, but man, never losing the genius of his race, or the 
purposes of his creation, is led, if obedient to God, into changes 
more elevating and perfect, keeping step with the growth and 
advancement of the nature surrounding him. 

A little over sixteen hundred years after the creation, God 
found it necessary to destroy the whole human family, except- 
ing a few individuals. Scarcely one hundred years after this 
dire calamity, and in spite of so dreadful a chastisement, man- 
kind, so prone to retrocede whtn ignoring the power of their 
Maker, had again become lost in wickedness and sin. God 
determined, in His wisdom and kindness, to leave no means 
untried for man's redemption. He resolved on making a sepa- 
ration. To do this effectually, it was necessary first to separate 
the land, dividing it asunder so far as to render intercourse 
between the inhabitants almost impossible for centuries. So 
in the days of Peleg lie caused this great division to take 





313 



CT IT "^ IB £T I L IE Il^STRUCTOB. 




place, and that the separation and stoppage of intercourse 
might lie more effectual, after allowing the short space of four- 
teen years for the earth to become modified and in harmony 
with its new shape, He confused the language of man, and led 
them forth into assigned portions of the land that they might, 
uneontaminated one with another, endeavor to regain the 
priesthood so thoroughly lost. Theories may be advanced, and 
exceptions made to the impossibility of such a separation in 
Peleg's day, but reason as we may, we must acknowledge that 
the hand that could gather together the land into one place, 
had and has the power to rend it asunder at will. 



ustiew" niriyrzsr book:. 



THERE is a subject being discussed among the officers of the 
Sunday School Union at present which is of interest to all 
the readers of the Instructor. Allusion has already been 
made in our columns to the necessity that exists for a Hymn 
Book being published, suitable for use in Sabbath Schools. 
From present indications it is probable that a call will be imme- 
diately made by the officers of the Union on the possessors of 
poetical talent in the Territory for contributions of suitable 
hymns, to be published in the coming volume of the Instruc- 
tor, perhaps two hymns in each number, set to music, the 
latter also to be composed by our home authors. ( )f course 
these Hymns will add greatly to the interest of the Instructor. 
as use can be made of them immediately on their being pub- 
lished in the schools, and a long-felt want will thereby be sup- 
plied. After a sufficient number shall have been published for 
the compilation of the proposed hymn book, it is expected 
that they will be published in neat substantial book form and 
offered to the public. 



CHARADE. 



1!V CHARLES S. TTNGEY. 



I am composed of 15 letters: 
My 14, 7, 13, I"), 12, is used as ;>. beverage; 
My 'J, 10, '■'>, is a part of the body; 
My 1 . 4. I I . is a useful article: 
My 4, 'J, 12. 1', is a Territory; 
My 13, 15, s, s, 0, :;, is considered a pleasant drink 
My 5, 6, 1 2. is a large body of water; 
My whole is a habit we should avoid. 




The answer to the Charade published in Number 24 is 
Mediterranean. We have received correct solutions from 
W. 31. Daines, Edith 31. Thurston, Abbie Hyde, Hyde Park; 
Jas. Lowe, Silvester Lowe, Smithfield; C. Lindholm, dun., 
Tooele; Sarah Jensen, Huldah Jensen, Brigham City; "VV. 
11. Yates. Lehi; Jas. Stirling, Coalville; Israel Bennion, 
Taylors ville; D. B. Thomas, Geo. H. Thomas, Logan City; 
Ellen E. Culmer, Ogden City; Mary A. McNeil, Bountiful; 
Catharine K. Palmer, E. H. Brooks, Heber J. Sears, Frances 
31. Fenton, J. D. Irvine, A. Wright, 31. A. Haslam, Beckey J. 
Noall, Lizzie Croxall, Thos. Croxall, Elizabeth White, ('has. J. 
Brain, Salt Lake City. 



Erratum. — In our last number, through mistake, the word 
Concluded" instead of ''Continued" was placed after the 
.eading of the article entitled "A Beminiseence." The con- 
tusion of the article will be found in the present number. 




JHIO U~ 3R,S. 



Believe not that your inner eye- 
Can ever in just measure try 
The worth of hours as they go by: 
For every man's weak self, alas! 
Makes him to see them, while they pass 
As through a dim or tinted glass. 
But if in earnest care you would 
Mete out to each its part of good. 
Trust rather to your after-mood. 
Those surely are not fairly spent. 
That leave your spirit bowed and bent 
In sad unrest and ill content: 
And more, — thousrh free from seeing harm, 
You rest from toil of mind or arm. 
Or slow retire from pleasure's charm. — 
If then a painful sense comes on 
Of something wholly lost and gone, 
Vainly enjoyed, or vainly done, — 
Of something from your being's chain 
Broke off, nor to be linkt again 
By all mere memory can retain, — 
Upon your heart this truth may rise, — 
Nothing that altogether dies 
Suffices man's just destinies: 
So should we live, that every hour 
May die as dies the natural flower, — 
A self-reviving thing of power; 
That every thought and ever3 - deed - 
May hold within itself the seed 
l if future good and future meed; 
Esteeming sorrow, whose employ 
Is to develop, not destroy, 
Far better than a barren joy. 



A young Japanese, while in the United States, expressed 
much surprise at seeing cranberries eaten at the table, and 
said that in the mountains of Japan they grow very large 
and beautiful,, but are never cooked. Some old man occasion- 
ally goes up the mountian and picks a long basket full of them, 
which he brings on his shoulders clown to the town. Here 
the boys gather around him, and for a small coin purchase the 
right to crowd their pockets with them. And what use do you 
think they make of these otherwise useless fruit? The boys blow 
the glowing berries through ratan tubes, as our boys blow 
beans through tin ones. That's what cranberries are used 
for in Japan, where they grow in great perfection. 



G"TJ^7"E2sriXjE UsTSTJEiTJOTOR 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



GEORGE O. CANNON, EDITOR 4. PUBLISHER. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

.^-Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lako City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor. " 




