BOMSlBSa 3"0 WMELQ&O, 



tetoi. 





VOL 10. 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 17, 1875. 



NO. 8. 



iciisro :E?.iisra-'s 0-a."ve. 




THE Scaur Rock stands, with manj' another storm-beaten 
islet, on the Atlantic side of the outer Hebrides, bearing 
the brunt of the gales which are again received by the prin- 
cipal chain of the Western Isles, before the}' tc uch the inner 
range of islands and the main. 

From one of the few low cottages on this islet, two gii'ls 
came out one fine spring day, and went down by a cleft in the 
rocks to the beach. The islet had been so torn up, as it were, 
by the ocean storms, that the coast presented innumerable 
pillars of rock detached from cliff-, and many a cavern 
worn in the rocks in recent as well as in ancient times. One 
of thes3 dated at least from the daj's when the western islands 
belonged to the Norwegians; for it bore the name of King 
Ring, a potentate well known 
in the Sagas, or ancient Norse 
tales. Annie and Jeanie Mac- 
leod scampered in delighted 
freedom along the shore, run- 
ning round and round the tall 
pinnacles of granite, clamber- 
ing over gigantic pile~ of bro- 
ken rock, visiting the caves 
which echoed to their shouts 
and laughter, and ijurposing 
to visit the one which bore 
the name of the ancient king. 
King Ring. 

The tide was running out; 
the girls, being children of a 
fisherman, were used to calcu- 
lating the times of tide, and 
were good judges of the weathei , so that the wind was easterly, 
they also knew that the tide ought to go out very far, and to 
be very long in coming in. So they were not afraid to enter 
King Ring's cavern, and to gaze witli delight on all the 
beautiful things it contained. For his Majesty's Norse palace 
never showed hangings so lovely as the sea-weeds that draped 
the walls of this cave. Nor did he ever dreain of ornamenting 
it with the rubies and t0|)azes, and globus of golden-grenn — as 
these weeds wjre adornud with sea-uiiemoiias of the most 
lovely color. 

The little girls began eagerly to seek for these brilliant 
creatures, and put them into their pockets. Every one they 
found seemed more beautiful than the last, and tliey advanced 
thciaul further up the cav.;, laughing and .ringing f.-a.^iments 




of songs, and talking to each other about the wonders which 
they discovered. Time passed on; suddenly the cavern grew 
du.sky, and when the children noticed this their merriment 
ceased, and they were silent. Then for the first time they 
noticed the loud sounds that came from the mouth of the 
cave. The terrible truth flashed on the minds of both at once. 
The wind had .suddenly changed, and had driven the tide up 
before the usual time. It was now breaking within the cavern. 
Ah ! what a terrible moment was this ! There was no escape, 
for a semi-circle of lofty rocks guarded the entrance an either 
side. 

The children rushed into each other's arms. 
"We are lost ! " cried Jeanie. "Oh, why did we stay sae 

Ling!" 

■'It is too late to think o' 
that the neo," said her sister; 
"we must think that wc must 
soon be in His presence who 
lules the winds and waves." 
They knelt down, and praj-ed 
earnestly; then they rose. 

"Our mither! our puir 
mither!" cried they at once; 
but the thunder of the waves 
made their voices scarcely 
ludible. 

Their good sense did 'not 
desert them even in this ex- 
tremity. A detached pillar of 
rock stood at the ftirther end 
of the cave; it was called King 
Rmg s S.eptei. Jeanie led hei sister to this, and both clam- 
bered up it, and, with slight foothold, were able to maintain 
themselves near its summit. Alas! though both had hoard 
that at neap-tides the .scepter was unmoved at high water, both 
knew now that it was the season of highest springs. It was but 
deferring for a short space the moment of their destruction. 
Suddenly a loud noise was heard above the waves. It was 
ill the roof of the cavern. The children shrieked loudly. 
Both thought that the roof of the cave was I'alling in. When 
they saw a faint streak of light issue from above, ihey believed 
that the rocks were about to fall on and crush them. 
"Are ye safe, hinnie.s'.'" ' said a voice from above. 
"Oh yes! oh yes! help us. oh help us!" cried they; (hen ihe 
tears, which terror had hilhcito chocked, flowed plcnlirull 





Cr TJ ^ El 3^ I Xj E IlTSTI?/TJOTOI^. 




at the faiut hope held out by the sound of a human voice. 
The stream of light grew larger, then it vanished quite; but a 
voice was heard saying — 

"Now ye maun promise, as if it was on yo're Bibles, that 
yell never tell how ye got out, or I won't help ye, an' the 
waves is coming up fast." 

"We promise! we promise!" screamed the children. 

"Then tak' hold o' this rope; it's no' a slip knot, but it's 
tied in a loop — put it round ane o' ye, an I'll araw ye up." 

"You gae first, Annie; mither 'ill be beithe to see ye," said 
Jeanie. 

"Na, na; she'll be demented to think she's been dawr agin' 
ye, Jenie, if ye die! gae first!" 

"Quick, (jnick!" cried the voice from above; "silly bairnes, 
what are you waiting for?" 

Jeanie threw the rope over Annie's shoulders, placing i' 
round her wast; but when Annie felt henself swinging in the 
air, she screamed in terror. It seemed as if she must dash 
her head against the roof But though Jeanie was silent, she 
was not the less terrified; for the waves now broke in spray 
over her ar d delay was death. The cave now became quite 
dark; the form of Annie filled the aperture. Jeanie threw 
her arms around the scepter, and lifted up her voice in prayer. 
She heard the waves rushing in thunder up the cavern. I*- 
broke over her. Breathless and confused, she could not see or 
feel the rope which was now lowered for her. 

"She'll be drowned!" she heard some one cry. Then dark- 
ness once more descended upon the cave. She felt some one 
hug about her, and was soon swinging, scarcely alive, above 
all but the spray of another enormous billow. The same strong 
arm that had guarded Annie's head, now drew her through 
the aperture in the roof of the cavern, and laid her on the 
grass. Then the rope was again thrown down, and a lad swung 
lightly and easily up by it, to the gray and windy patch of 
down, that was nearly the only level spot on the Scaur Rock. 

Warmed and dried, and fed at a little cottage near the spot, 
the two children were sent home. Though their consciences 
were rather uneasy at having any concealments from their 
mother, they held this promise sacred, and their adventure 
remained a profound secret. 

It was not till long afterward that the crew of a preventive- 
brig made a most valuable capture of smuggled spirits, under 
the half-ruined cottage which was the abode of John Nielson 
and his son, to whom Annie and Jeanie were indebted for their 
escajte. The father and son were not found. As they were of 
Norse descent, .some thought they were concealed by favor of 
the ghost of old King Ring. Annie and Jeanie were prosaical 
enough t(j believe that they had got down into his cavern by 
means of the secret opening, had reached a boat, and got clear 
away by means of an innocent-looking fishing-smack which was 
really a smuggler. 



Servicks and presents should not be great and seldom 
bestowed, but small and frequent; for such is the nature of 
man, that the .sen.se of the last benefit is entirely lost, if there 
be no hope of receiving more. And though the obligation be 
great, yet if one single request be refused, it occupies the 
mind so entirely as to bury all former favors in oblivion. 




TiiosK who are constrained to solicit for assistance are 
really to be ijitied; those who receive it without asking, 
some may en\y; but those who bestow it unasked, are to 
admired. 



OOZsT'VEK.SJ^TIOlT. 



BY SINBAD. 



rjlHERE are a great many advantages to be derived from 
l posse.ssing good conversational powers. Though this 
faculty is nearly always a gift, it can be improved by culti- 
vation. If we should not be able to converse well, we should 
not fancy it is a fault of nature, but should apply ourselves 
studiously to its improvement. This can be done in various 
ways. Talk as often as you can; and, if it- is possible, converse 
most with persons older than yourself If it can be avoided, 
do not force either a conversation or a particular subject, 
because this may be disagreeable to your companion; and if 
the topic be not a pleasant one there can be no particular 
good derived from it. 

There are four classes of persons with whom it is often nee 
essary to associate, and to make a conversation agreeable and 
profitable and it is well to study how to approach them. There 
is the easy conversationalist, who po.ssesses a great deal of knowl- 
edge, yet who assumes to know comparatively nothing. To 
such a person never assert anything positively, but introduce 
your ideas in a courteous, unassuming way. If you make a 
positive assertion it is more than likely that you cannot strike 
a harmonious cord, and thus you will close the fountain from 
which otherwise would have flo-wed much useful information; 
while if we impart our ideas modestly, the response will be 
equally modest, and so you will glide along together, doing 
good to each other and spending the time pleasantly and to 
your mutual advantage. Next we find the person who knows 
considerable, is aware of the fact, but who will not bear contra- 
diction. When in such society it is well to say as little as 
possible, unless it be to assent to what has been communicated. 
Such a person will do all, or nearly all the talking, and it is 
best to listen attentively to what is said, because, although the 
manner may be overbearing he will tell you a great deal of 
what he knows, and you can doubtless find in it much worthy 
of consideration. Then come those who possess no real 
knowledge, yet who labor under the impression that their 
information is very extensive. To this class never say anything, 
especially not in the way of opposition to their assertions. 
You can not argue with them as they do not know enough to 
see the fallacy of what they state, even when it is pointed out 
to them. These are ever ready to begin yet never know when 
to stop. Still listen, for even in the midst of so much chafi" 
it is possible to find some grain. The last is the taciturn, who 
no matter how slight or extensive his information may be, 
only speaks when it is really necessary. The way in which to 
introduce a conversation with this class is to study the subjects 
most pleasing to them, and advance cautiou.sly and courteously 
until you awaken their interest; when that is once accom- 
plished they enter heartily into the subject, and they then make 
the most interesting converters to be found. From this class 
often drop "pearls of great price." 

Do not study your choice of language unless it be to make it 
simple. Simplicity is always beautiful, and the more unassum- 
ing your language the more interesting and pleasing is it to 
the listener. Conversation brightens the intellect, draws out our 
wit and compels our thoughts to flash from the brain to the 
tongue. You do not have time to think long, but must ever keep 
the mind on the alert in order to avoid lengthened and disagree- 
able pauses. It is one of the most healthful exercises to which 
the mind can be treated. 



No great character cavils. 





CTTJ'VEITILEl UsTST Ez-CTCTOK.. 




fl«l$ 



tnerica* 



BY O. M. O. 



THE TOLTECS. 




THE abbe Clavigero asserts that the Toltecs permanently 
settled in Mexico about the year 60" of the Christian era, 
and their supremacy lasted three hundred and eighty-four 
years. 

Many historians think the Toltecs built in honor of the god 
Quetzalcoatl the celebrated pyramid of Cholula, but more 
modern research has demonstrated that Central America and 
Mexico have been subject to a series of political changes, caused 
by violent transfers of power from one people to another 
several times in the course of a long history. This has been 
indicated by the monuments, and the peculiarities of the 
inhabitants of the various districts, noticeable at the time of 
the conquest and still manifest to travelers who study the 
existing representatives of the old race and their dialects. 
Several distinct families or groups of language exist in com- 
munities widely separated. The most important was that 
which included the speech of Mayas, Quiches and Tzendals, 
which is supposed to represent the language of the original 
civilizers, the Colhuas. There were other dialects supposed 
to indicate Toltec communities, while farther south of Mexico, 
in Nicaragua, the Aztec speech was in use. 

From the little that can be gleaned from the old books, it 
appears that the Colhuas preceded the Toltecs, and were the 
original founders of this old civilization. They found the 
country inhabited by a barbarous people, who lived by hunting 
and fishing, and hid neither towns nor agriculture. They 
called them Ghichimecs, which appears to have beeaa generic, 
appellation for all . uncivilized tribes. De Bourbourg says: 
"Under the generic name 'Chichimecs,' which has much 
embarrassed some writers, the Mexican traditions include the 
whole aboriginal population of the New World, and especially 
the people by whom it was first occupied at the beginning 
of time. ' ' 

Some of the traditions state that the Colhuas came from 
the east in ships. Sahagun mentions that a tradition to this 
eiFect was current in Yucatan. They are always described as 
the people who first established civilization and built great 
cities. They taught the Chichimecs to cook food, cultivate 
the earth and adopt the ways of civilized life. The natives 
thus civilized are sometimes called Quinames. 

The Colhuas are connected with a long and important period 
in the history previous to the Toltec ages. In some respects 
they seem to have been more advanced in civilization than the 
Toltecs. The events in their history relate chiefly to the 
Toltec alliance with the uncivilized Chichimecs of the moun- 
tains, and' the subjugation of their great city, called Xibalba, 
the capital of an important kingdom of the same name. 
This kingdom is .supposed to have included Guatemala, Yuca- 
tan, Tabasco, Tehuantepec, Chiapa, Honduras and other 
districts of Central America. Baldwin supposes it included 
all of Southern Mexico, and northward beyond the Tampico 
river. De Bourbourg says the ruins now known as Palenque 
appear to have been the city of Xibalba; but this is nothing 
but conjecture. Baldwin wisely says, "we may as rea,sonably 
suppose Copan, Quirigua, or some other old ruin to have been 
Xibalba." Tradition places their first settlements on the eulf. 

Tabasco, between Tehuantepec and Yucatan, and it is 



inferred that the Mayas, Quiches and some other old commu- 
nities were descendants of the Colhuas, from their more 
highly developed language, and their written characters having 
a closer resemblance to those of the oldest inscription?. 

It is very probable that the Colhuas, Toltecs or Nahuas 
of the old books with the Aztecs were all substantially the 
same people. Baldwin says, ' 'These unlike groups of language 
have not been sufficiently analyzed and studied to justify us in 
assuming that they did not all come from the same original 
source. ' ' Altough distinct at the time of the conquest, there 
was not much diff^'reuce in their religious ideas, their ceremo- 
nies of worship, their methods of building, or in tho general 
character of their civilization. The .same author infers that if 
the Toltecs and the Mound Builders of the United States were 
the same people, they probably went from Mexico and Central 
America to the Valley of the Mississippi at a very remote 
period as Colhuan colonies, and after a long residence there, 
returned so much changed in speech and other respects as to 
seem a distinct people. 

One important fact we notice: the tradition concerning the 
landing of a foreign race, conducted by an illustrious personage 
who came from an eastern country. For this important . infor- 
mation we are indebted to thj abbe de Bourbourg' s learned 
translation of the old Qaiche manuscript called the "Popul- 
Vuh," which is an abridged reproduction of a very ancient 
Quiche book. The fragments of this historj- show how several 
centuries before the dynasty of the Quiches, Central America 
was inhabited by a highly civilized people; and distinctly 
says that Votan, with a colony came from the land of the 
Hivim or Eve i being exiled by a cruel invasion of strangers, 
led there by their god. The description of Votan's voyage 
shows that these Evei or Colubri sailed to the islands of the 
Western ocean, and, leaving there, after a lapse of several 
generations, they crossed . the sea with seven vessels and came 
to a large island, which, according to Votan's description, is 
Cuba. Having embarked again, he sailed to a great continent, 
which, from the description, is undoubtedly Yucatan. Having 
penetrated into the interior of this country, he founded the 
kingdom of Quiche, and built the chief city, called Nachan. 
Ordonez maintains that the foundation of this kingdom was 
contemporary with the building of the Temple of Solomon, 
about one thousand years before the birth of Christ. 

Keeping to these accounts, we find that these Evei (who 
were exiled by the Hebrew people after their departure from 
Egypt), must have lived on the islands some five hundred years 
before Votan built his great cit3'. But Votan clearly points 
out in his history that he found this vast country already 
inhabited by a civilized people, who had a religion, rites, laws, 
erudition and strong and flourishing cities; and also that this 
people were of common blood with the Evei whom he took 
there himself 

According to the custom ot primitive nations, as the3' 
gradually increased colonies of people were sent to the unin- 
habited districts both north and south. As the passage to the 
north was easier than to the south, ^ which was impeded by the 
rugged peaks of the Andes, they ascended the numerous 
rivers flowing into the Gulf of Mexico, the Kio Grande,' Rio 
Colorado, Rio Brazos, and more particidarly, the Mississippi, 
peopling tho.se immen.se regions of Texas, Louisiana, Florida, 
Georgia, the Carolinas, Ohio -and Pennsylvania, even as far 
north as the lakes of Canada. 

The history of Votan gives us undeniable proof that the 
earliest inhabitants of Central America were people of Upper 
Asia, who landed there centuries before the vulgar era. Tl 





88 



jr TJ ^ E IN- 1 L E I3srSTI?."CrCTOI?.. 



Evei of Votan reached there about one thousand years before it. 
Votan taught the people not only the art of hieroglyphic 
writing, but also the way to build those enormous pyramids, 
the ruins of which may still be seen in Mexico, temples which 
served at once both as tombs and as altars. The Aztecs were 
less advanced in many things than their predecessors. Their 
picture-writing was a much ruder form of the graphic art thin 
the system of the Mayas and Quiches, and if the country had 
never in previous ages felt the influence of a higher culture, it 
would not now have ruined cities like Mitla, Copan and 
Palenque. 

When tracing the chronology of the old books, we are 
thrown in doubt as to the value of dates when measuring 
historical periods. We, therefore, refer our readers to the 
Book of Ether and the first Book of Nephi, in the Book of 
Mormon, a careful reading of which may point to a more 
correct period and give us a more definite description of 
Votan's voyage. And I only refer for a correct solution of the 
teachings and the promised re-ai>pearance of the "fair god," 
Quetzalcoatl, to the Book of Nephi the son of Nephi, page 
456, Book of Mormon, (fourth European edition); and al-io to 
the Book of Alma, chapter xxx, for a confirmation of the 
"old books" when referring to the numerous migrations of 
families. 



SEa01TnD-H:.^lTID fooid. 




Orn last number contained a de.scription ot a method practiced 
in Paris by buying and selling food which at once graced 
the table of the rich. We promised to give in this number a 
sketch of a method of collecting and disposing of scraps of 
bread in that city. 

This is done by a class of men whom we would call "second- 
hand bakers. " They employ a number of ragged fellows, to 
wander everywhere through the city, ami", particularly about 
luncheon-time, in the neighborhood of l.oys' schools, and to 
gather every scrap, crust and lump of bread they can find. 
The mammas of the boys carefully jjrepare nice lunches for 
their darling little sons in the morning, and give them strict 
charge about taking care of them, and to be sure and eat them 
at the hour appointed and not before. Many of them have 
no suspicion of the danger to which their loved ones are 
exposed. The dirty rascals of which we speak are on the 
watch. They know the boys' weak side. They persuade the 
boys to give them their luncheons, in whole or in part, for 
some trifle which they offer them. There is many a boy who 
would give away his dinner for a cheap toy — a few marbles, a 
top, &c., especially if the fellow who wanted to get his dinner 
could offer him the toy before he got hungry; for it is a common 
characteristic of boyhood not to think, when the stomach is 
full, that it will ever require filling again. Who ever knew a 
boy who was starting away ju.st after a full meal to be absent 
over meal-tiuie, who did not have to be almost forced to carry 
food with him? When they have a full stomach, one who did 
not know boys' nature might imagine they never knew the 
sensations of hunger; but let them miss a meal, and then ! 
It is a sight to almost cure dyspepsia to see them eat. They 
are .simply ravenous. 

With their day's gleanings— probably dirty and inky and 
mouldy enough — these collectors return to their employers. 
They receive in payment for their ser\'ices according to the 
amount of scraps they have collected, and their supper be.side. 
The changes through which these crusts and scraps pass, 



before they reappear to the public eye, are amazing. The 
choicest of them are separated from the rest, are dried in 
ovens, are afterwards rasped, and are then sold for the making 
of a certain soup, a favorite with the lower classes, called the 
croute au pot. But these bits are also put to another use. 
Probably those who dine at fine restaurants in Paris would not 
relish the descriijtion of the use t) which they are put. They 
are cut up into tiny, triangular morsels, fried in butter over a 
hot fire, and sold to the restaurant keepers, who serve them up 
in that green-pea soup for which there is such a constant 
demand. We can assure you these mor.sels are nice eating; 
for we have eaten i ex soup in which bread prepared in this 
wav was served, though we do not know that it was this kind 
of bread. Should we visit Paris, and have this soup served to 
XK, we would have some confidence as to the morsels of bread 
which floated in it having been procured in the manner we 
describe. But it would be in Paris, and a man must be verdant 
i ideed who should expect to be sure of the cleanliness or the 
honesty of all that he eats in that gay capital, or, for that 
matter, in any other large city in Europe. 

Having thus disposed of the c/ioi'cer morsels, the 'secind-hand 
baker" puts all the rest of the day's gleaning — once known as 
bread — into a large moriar an! pulverizes it. This he also 
sells to the restaurants. It is now the fashionable chapelure 
blanche^ which is quite indispensable for cutlets, and, when 
sprinkled over them, gives them a rich and crisp taste. 
If you were in Paris, and were to look into the windows of the 
little shops where they sell hams, tongues, sausages, and so on, 
you would see the same dinpelure hlancJie sprinkled over them. 
But, after that part of the pulverized crusts which is fit for 
this purpose has been taken away, therp yet remains in the 
mortar a powder too fine for chapelure blanche. This is cooked 
in the oven until it is black, then mixed with the ihick, yellow 
French honey, and, some essence being added, is sold as an 
unfailing remedy for toothache, more popular, it is said, with 
the poor of Pans than any of the remedies of the doctors. 

After reading this and the preceding sketch, you will doubt- 
less think it is tiu; tl.a' one-half of the world do not know 
how the other half live. But that is not all. The reading of 
these sketches should have the effect to make you think of 
the value of even a crust of bread. Of all people in the world 
the Latter-day Saints should be the most careful. They should 
let nothing go to waste. Many families in this country throw 
scraps of food into their swill barrels, out of which French 
housewives, if they had them, would make palatable and 
nutritious meals. The art of cookery is probably carried to 
greater perfection in France than in any other country; and 
flesh meat especially among the French people, is made to go 
a long way. On these points we, as a people, have much to 
learn. 




Safkty Light. — In Paris, the watchmen in all magazines 
where inflammable or explosive materials are stored, use for 
illumination a light provided according to the following method: 
Take an oblong vial of the cleanest glass, put into it a piece of 
phosphorus about the size of a pea, upon which pour olive oil 
heated to the boiling point, filling the vial about one-third full, 
and then close the vial with a tight cork. To use it, remove 
the cork, and allow the air to enter the vial, and then recork it; 
the whole empty space in the bottle will then become luminous, 
and the light obtained will be equal to that of a lamp. If the 
light grows weak, its power can be increased by opening the 
vial and allowing a fresh supply of air to enter. Thus pre- 
pared, the vial may be used for six months. 





OTTJ^EIITILE] I3Srsa?K.TJOTOK.. 




^ntnVwn§ and ^nntvtr§ 

OIsT THIE BIBLE. 



FIRST BOOK OF SAMUEL. 




LESSON LXXXVI. 

Q.— What did Bli say to Hannah when he heard of her petition? 

A.-— "Go in peace: and the God of Israel grant thee thy petition 
that thou hast asked of him." 

Q.— What effect did the words of Eli have upon Hannah? 

■A..— "She went her way, and did eat, and her countenance was 
no more sad." 

Q.— By what name did Hannah call her son? 

A. — Samuel. 

Q- — What reason did she give for doing so? 

A.— "Because I have asked him of the Lord." 

Q.— What did Elkanah do after this? 

A.— He and all his house went up to offer unto the Lord the 
yearly sacrifice. 

Q«— How soon did Hanna'.i go up to the house of the Lord with 
the child Samuel? 

A. — As soon as she had weaned him. 

Q- — What did she say to Eli when she appeared unto him? 

A.— "For this child I praved; and the Lord hath given me my 
petition which I asked of him." 

Q. — What else did she say? 

A. — "Therefore also I have lent him to the Lord; as long as he 
liTeth he shall be lent to the Lord." 

Q. — What did Hannah do after she had presented Samuel to 
the Lord's service? 

A. — She prayed and uttered a song of thanksgiving. 

Q.— Were the sons of Eli good men' 

A. — No; they were wicked, and knew not the Lord. 

Q.— What did Samuel do when a child.' 

A. — He ministered before the Lord, girded with a linen ephod. 

Q.— What did his mother do for him? 

A. — "Made him a little coat and brought it to him from year 
to year." 

Q-— How many children did Hannah have besides Samu'l? 

A. — Three sons and two daughters. 

Q.— What did the Lord tell Eli should happen to his two sons, 
because of their wickedness? 

A.— "In one day they shall die both of them." 

Q.— What was precious in the days when Samuel ministered 
before Eli? 

*. — The word of the Lord; there was no open vision. 

y. — What happened to Samuel when he was laid down to sleep? 

A.— The Lord called him. 

Q.- What did Samuel do'' 

A. — He ran unto Eli and said, "Here am I; for thou didst 
eall me." 

Q. — How often did this Happen? 

A. — Three times. 

Q.— What did Eli then say to Samuel? 

A. — "Go, lie down: and it shall be, if he call thee, that thou 
shalt say. Speak, Lord; lor thy servant heareth." 

Q. — What did the Lord tell Samuel when he gave this answer? 

A. — He told him of the destruction of the house of Eli. 

Q. — How did Samuel feel about it in the morning? 

A. — He was afraid to show Eli the vision. 

Q. — What did Eli say, after he had persuaded Samuel to tell 
him? 

A. — "It is the Lord: let him do what seemoth him good." 

0- — What is said concerning Samuel? 

A. — "And Samuel grew, and the Lord was with him, and did 
let none of his words fall to the ground." 

Q. — What did all Israel from Dan to Beersheba know? 

A. — "That Samuel was established to be a prophet of tlie 
Lord." 



^ittestions anJ |j^nsnrers 

OlSr TUB 

book: OB i^o:Ei.i^(Di>i' . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON LXXXVI. 

Q. — Were the fevers among the Nephites fatal? 

A.— No. 

Q,— Why not? 

A. — There were nian.v plants and roots there. 

Q. — What was done with them? 

A. — They were used as remedies for the diseases of the climate. 

Q. — -How are their qualities described? 

A. — As being excellent. 

Q. — Who had prepared them? 

A.— The Lord. 

Q. — What is said to have been the cause of the death of many? 

A. — Old age. 

CJ. — What effect did the presence and spirit of Amalickiah 
have upon the king of the Lamanites? 

A. — It made him angry with the Nephites, and he issued 
proclamations, calling forth his armies to go and destroy them. 

Q. — How did his people feel on hearing these proclamations? 

A. — They were greatly frightened. 

Q.— Why so? 

A. — They feared to disobey the king, and they also feared to 
go to war with the Nephites. 

Q. — How did the larger part of the people act? 

A. — They refused to take up arms. 

Q. — What did the king do with those who were obedient? 

A. — He made Amalickiah their commander, and ordered him 
to go and compel the rest of the people to^take up arms. 

Q. — How did Amalickiah feel on receiving this command? 

A. — He was much pleased, it being what he greatly desired. 

Q. — What object did he have in view? 

A. — He hoped soon to be able to dethrone the king, and be 
king himself 

Q. — When the people heard of the approach of the army, what 
did they do? 

A. — Knowing the object of its approach, they fled to a place 
called Onidah. 

Q.— What did they do there? 

A. — They appointed a king over them, and assembled on the 
top a mount called Antipas. 

Q.— Did Amalickiah intend to force them to take up arms, as 
he had been commanded by the king? 

A. — No; he determined to gain their good will, in order that 
they might assist him in his conspiracy. 

Q. — To gain this, what did he do? 

A. — He sent an embassy to the commander of the people on 
the mount, inviting him to come to the foot of the mount, as he 
wanted to speak with him. 

Q. — Who was this commander? 

A. — Lehonti. 

Q. — How many times did Amalickiah send this embassy? 

A. — Three times. 

Q. — Did Lehonti do as he desired? 

A. — No: he feared treachery. 

Q. — What did Amalickiah then do? 

A. — He came near to the camp of Lehonti, and sent again. 

Q. — Was he successful this time? 

A. — Yes; Lehonti with his guards went to meet him. 

Q. — What did he propose? 

A. — He desired Lehonti to come down with his troops and 
surround the army of the king, saying he would deliver them up. 

Q. — On what condition was he going to do this? 

A. — On the promise of his becoming their leader under 
Lehonti. 





J-TJ^jHITII-iE] in^STI^/TJOTOI?/ 



^hc j|«ucni!e i(iif«triiclui|. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 





SATUllDAY, APEIL 17, 1875. 
EnDITOK^I^L THZOTJO-HTS. 

N appointment was made for the children 
of the Sunday Schools of this city to 
meet at the New Tabernacle on Sunday, 
the 4th inst., to practice the singing of 
the chorus to the, new Temple song. The 
day was a very stormy one— the snow 
falling thick and fast a part of the time 
a"^ —yet the children came in great numbers, 
each school marching in regular order 
^ from its Ward school house to the Tabernacle. 
"We were scarcely prepared to see the children 
manifest so much enthusiasm os they did on 
that occasion. AVe understand that in one or 
two instances, when they were told at the AVard 
School Houses they could return home because 
of the stormy weather, they preferred to go to the 
Tiibernaele to sing with the other children, and 
marched there joyously through the snow and mud 
to keep the appointment. 
Again, on Tussday afternoon, the first day of the conference, 
it stormed; but the children were not daunted by the weather. 
That afternoon was the time set for them to sing the Temple 
song at the new Tabernacle with the choir, and, storm or no 
storm, they were determined to be there. They sung excel, 
lently, and everybody who heard them was delighted. They 
added very much by their presence to the interest of the 
services on that day. 

We could not have blamed the children if they liad not 
come on either of the above occasions; for even the grown 
people found the walking to the new Tabernacle in the storm 
very disagreeable and the sitting there cold and unpleasant. 
But the children were enthusiastic and resolute. They braved 
the storm cheerfully, and enjoyed themselves much better 
than they would have done had they stayed at home and sat 
around the fire. AA'e admire their pluck. 

Mi.ssiON.\iiiE.s have been called at this Conference to go to 
the United States and Canada, to Great Britain, Scandi- 
navia, to Holland, to Australia, to the Sandwich Islands and to 
the Lamanites. It is a glorious work that to which they are 
called. They have great opportunities of doinggood. • If diligent 
and faithful and wise, they .will bring salvation to many souls. 
And if they do, how great wdl be their joy. They will return 
filled with thanksgiving and praise to the Lord for the good 
He has enabled them to accomplish. 

E^cry right-thinking Elder places great importance upon a 
fo.-eign mission. But are missions abroad the only places 
where men can help to save souls? Think of it, superintend- 
ents and teachers of Sunday Schools. Think of it, parents, 
and yj Elders in Israel, think of it. In all the branches of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in foreign lands 
there are not near as many members as there are children in 
Utah ot a suitable age to attend Sunday Schools! And Hiore 
are coming every year ! 

What a field of usefulness is here ! Thousands upon thous- 
ands of innocent children, free from tradition, with open, 



unbiased minds, all ready for the sowing of the seeds of truth, 
natural Latter-day Saints, attached by the strongest of natural 
ties to the Church, knowing no land but this, no people but 
the Saints ! Here is a field in which men and women can 
labor to the fullest satisfaction of their desires, and with very 
different results to those which usually follow the labors of the 
Elders abroad. Ask any Elder of experience how many of the 
l>eople he baptized years ago are still in the Church. H^e, will 
tell you how they have been thinned by unbelief and, apostasy. 
And yet to get them convinced of the truth and to get them 
baptized and gathered to Zion what labor had to Ipp performed! 
But the children of the Saints in the.se mountain,s are ready at 
hand. Let them be properly trained in the truth, and how 
few there are of them who will ever forgat and forsake it. 




A COLPORTEUR of the Americaq Tract Society, who says he 
is traveling in this Territory distributing their books, has 
written a letter to the Jllush'a/ed CJifisfiaii Weelchj, a paper 
published by the Society in New York. His letter is published 
in that paper on April 10th, 1875, and is signed C. H. B. In 
that letter he itives a description of his labors and what if3 
being done to start sectarian Sabbath Schools in this Territorj', 
Here is one of his statements: 

"Whon last at Beaver, I heard the 3Iormon bishop tell his 
jieople that the Bible is not the gospel; and in the same talk, a 
few sentences forthor on, he told them that the Juvenile 
I>,"STBUCT0R, a paper published by the Mormons, is the gospel." 

We were not present at the "talk" to which this writer 
refers, and, therefore, do not know what Bishop Murdock did 
say. But we know him so well, and we know the teachings of 
the Latter-day Saints so well, that we are confident that he 
never made such stat,;ments as this writer has reported. That 
he would say the Jca'enile Instructor is the gospel and the . 
Bible not the gospel, we do not believe. No Latter-day 
Saint believes any .such thing, and no Bishop in this Church — 
Bishop Murdock or any one else — would make such a state- 
ment. 

AVe advise this tract distributer to read the 15th verse of 
the 22nd chapter of Revelations, and learn there' what the fate 
of those will be who love and make a lie. He may think it no 
harm to tell lies about the "Mormons;" but, unfortunately for 
him, Jesus does not justify such kind of lies. As one Latter- 
day Saint we believe the Bible so firmly that we fully expect that 
the future fate of all liars will be to be kept out of the holy city 
with the "dogs and sorcerers, and whoremongers, and murder- 
ers, and idolators. ' ' AVe hope, for his sake, that this colporteur 
does not belong to that class; but we greatly fear he does. 



A ND this naturally leads us to another subject — the qualifi- 
ii. cations of Sunday School teachers. 

Teachers in Sunday Schools should qualifj' them.selves for 
the position. They should be able to teach their scholars 
correctly upon every subject they undertake. Better that 
children should not learn at all than be taught incorrectly; lor 
an incorrect impression may remain in the mind for life. 
Superintendents of Sunday Schools should be particular in 
the selection of teachers who are correctly informed upon the 
subjects which they have to teach; or who, if they are not as 
well informed as they should be, will, at least, have the dispo- 
sition to study and acquire knowledge. 

AVe know that in many places it is diflScult to get teachers of 
any kind to punctually attend school on Sundays; but this 
does not lessen the importance of teachers being qualified by 
knowledge for their positions. An excellent method for super- 
intendents to get their teachers up to the mark is to have 




J"Cr "V^ E ISr I L E IITSTI^/ TJOTOI^. 



91 




meetings once a week expressly to talk over the subjects to be 
taught and the best ways of teaching them. By means of 
such meetings an energetic, judicious superintendent can make 
his influence wonderfully felt in his school The teachers 
partake of his views, become imbued with the same spirit and 
are profited by his precepts and example. 

By all means, we say, let teachers study hard to qualify 
themselves to impart correct information to their scholars. 



BII^IDS 



THE BOBOLINK. 





FEW of the American birds are better known than the Rice 
Troopial. In some parts of the States it is called the 
Rice Bird, in another the Red Bird, in another the Rice or 
Reed Bunting; 
while its more 
familiar title, 
by which it is 
called throughout 
the greater part of _ 
America is Bob- 
o-link, or Bob-o- 
linkum. It also ' 
occasionally visits 
Jamaica, where it 
gets very fat, and 
i.s, in consequence, 
called the Butter 
Bird. Its title of 
Rice Troopial is 
earned by the dep- 
redations which ii 
makes every year 
upon the rice the bobolink 

crop, to which it is often very destructive. 

THE CUCKOO. 

There are few birds which are more widely known by good 
and evil report than the common Cuckoo. As the harbinger 
of spring, it is always welcome to the ears of those who have 
just passed through the severities 
of winter. It is , a heartless 
mother, an abandoner of its 
offspring. It is well known that 
the female Cuckoo does not make 
any nest, but places her egg in 
the nest of some small bird, and 
leaves it to the care of its unwit- 
ting foster-parents. In No. 21, 
Vol. 9, of the Instructor was 
published an engraving representing a pair of wrens in the act 
of feeding a greedy young Cuckoo which they had hatched 
from an egg deposited in their nest by some sly old Cuckoo 
without the knowledge of the wrens. To the article accom- 
panying that engraving we would refer our readers for all that 
is interesting concerning the habits of this bird. 



I know not whether the bearer of tales or the receiver is 
the most criminal, for one produces the other. I will disdain 
as much to relate as to hear slander. If no other means Jof 
shunning a gossip offers, I will stop my ears, for the receiver 

as bad as the thief 




THE CUCKOO. 



J^ OTJisrnsriisra- solidiei?.. 



AN Englishman who was a considerable time in the French 
military service relates the following anecdote of the first 
Napoleon, and vouches for its authenticity: 

The evening before the battle of Ulm, when Napoleon the 
First, in company with Marshal Berthier, was walking incog- 
nito through the camp and listening to the talk of his soldiers, 
he saw in a group not far off a grenadier ol the guard, who 
was roasting some potatoes in the ashes. 

"I should like a roasted potato above all things," said the 
emperor to the marshal; "ask the owner of them if he will 
sell one." 

In obedience to the order, Berthier advanced to the group 
and asked to whom the potatoes belonged. A grenadier 
stepped forward and said, ''They are mine." 

"Will you sell me one?" inquired Berthier. 

"I have only five," said the grenadier, "and that's hardly 
enough for my supper." 

"I will srive you two napoleons if you will sell me one," 
continued Berthier. 

"I don't want j'our gold," said the grenadier; "I shall be 
killed, perhaps, to-morrow, and I don't want the enemy to 
find me with an empty stomach." 

Berthier reported the soldier's answer to the emperor, who 
was standing a little in the background. 

"Let's see if I shall be luckier than you," said tlie latter, 
and going up close to the grenadier, he asked him if ho would 
sell him a potato. . 

"Not by a long shot, " answered the grenadier, "I haven't 
enough for myself " . 

"But you may set your own price," said Napoleon. "Come, 
I am hungry, and haven't eaten to-daj'. " 

"I tell you 1 haven't enough for myself," repeated the 
grenadier; "besides all that, do j'ou think 1 don't know you in 
spite of your disguise?" 

"Who am I then?" inquired Napoleon. 

"Bah!" said the grenadier. "The little corisoral, as they 
call you. Am I right?' ' 

"Well," said Napoleon, "since you know me, will you sell 
me a potato?' ' 

"No," said the grenadier; "but if you would have me come 
and ■ dine with you when we get back to Paris you may sup 
with me to-night." 

"Done!" said Napoleon, "on the word of a little corporal — 
on the word of an emperor." 

"Well and good," said the grenadier; "our potatoes ought 
to be done by this time; there are the two largest ones, the 
re.st I'll eat myself" 

The emperor sat down and ate his potatoes, and then 
returned with Berthier to his tent, merely remarking: 

"The rogue is a good soldier, I'll wager." 

Two months afterward Napoleon the Great was in the midst 
of a brilliant court at the palace of the Tuileries, and was just 
sitting down to dine, when word was brought to him that a 
grenadier was without, trying to force the guard at the door, 
saying that he had been invited by the emperor. 

"Let him come in," said his majesty. 

The soldier entered, presented arms, and said to the 
emperor: 

"Do you remember once having supped with mo off my 
roasted potatoes?" 

"Oh! is that you? Yes, yes, I remember,'' said the em- 
peror; "and so you have come to dine with me, have yo 





J' TJ ^ E xq- 1 Dl. E insrSTI^TJOTOI?/ 



i*\ 




Huston lay another cover on vour table for this brave 
fjV.ow." 

Again the grenadier presented arms, and said: 

"A grenadier of the guard does not eat with lacqueys. 
Your majesty told me I should dine with you— that was the 
bargain; and, trusting to your word, I have come hither." 

"True, true," said the emperor; "lay a cover near me. Lay 
a-ide your arms, mon ami, and draw up to the tiible." 

Dinner over, the grenadier went at his usual pace, took up 
his carbine, and, turning to the emperor, presented arms. 

"A mere private," said he, "ought not to dine at the table 
(if his emperor." 

"Ah! I understand you," said Napoleon, "I name you 
Chevalier of the Legion of Honor, and lieutenant in my com- 
pany of guards." 

"Thank j'ou heartily," returned the soldier. 'Vive I'Em- 
I)ereur!" he shouted, and then withdrew. 






TECE J^Ti,T OF OOZ1TZ1TG-. 



BY R. J. FILCE, KAYSVILLE. 



( Continued. ) 




'Phese machines cutting at random as was their wont to do 
1 oHtimes of necessity cut out some blanks that were not 
entirei} i n »d, as they should be. Hence recourse must be 
had to a self-acting sorting machine. This is a simple yet 
very effective contrivance: a perforated revolving cylinder, the 
holes therein a shade smaller than the blank, being horizontally 
placed, with one end three inches higher than the other, with 
a hopper at, above and leading into the highest end. The 
good blanks would run all the way to the lower end, while all 
those that were in the least damaged would fall through the 
holes, causing a separation. 

By this time the edges of the blanks have become very hard, 
and have to be softened by the annealing process, before 
mentioned, which done, they are now ready to go through the 
weighing process. This was formerly done in a very slow and 
tedious manner. The improvements in the art of metal 
rolling were introduced in order that the blanks might remam 
unchanged, so far as their weight was concerned, until they 
reached the dies which placed upon them what is technically 
called the "obverse" and "reverse," to which allusion is made 
in the scriptures where the question is asked: "Whose image 
and superscription hath it?" Prior to these improvements the 
blanks were cut out of metal which was rolled to a thickness, 
as near as they knew how, which, in too many instances was a 
long way from being perfect; blanks often varying as much as 
three grains and more in weight, all of which had to be tested, 
one piece at a time, in small scales. This was done by men 
who sat on each side of a long table. They weighed a blank; 
if it proved too light, it was cast aside to be melted over again; 
if it proved too heavy, it was then filed and weighed, weighed 
and filed, until it did come right. Improved machinery now 
takes the place of all these men, and with its aid one youth 
can do as much as all those men could do without it. The 
room in which the machinery stands is called the weighing 
department. A machine is firmly fixed to the ground, having 
on one side a pair of iron pulleys, or wheels with a flat surface, 
for a strap to run on, one pulley made tight to the iron spindle 
or shaft, the other loos*; the strap or belt is connected with 
the steam engine, causing the apparatus to revolve at the rate 
of two hundred revolutions per minute. Over the machine is 



placed a slanting box, or hopper, into which one hundred 
pounds' weight of blanks can be thrown at one time, down 
which they run into a metal tube the size of the blank, where, 
by the oscilliation of the machine, they are piled one upon 
another to the depth of six inches, from under which a 
mechanical finger and thumb take them one at a time, place 
each one on a scale in front of the machine, come back and 
take another and carry it to the scale, without making the 
least mistake. This machine performs its work in the follow- 
ing manner: if the "blank" is the right weight the scale will 
be fairly balanced, and exactly in the position in which it was 
found by the mechanical finger and thumb when the previous 
blank was deposited; consequently, the blank on the scale 
would be in a line with the next forthcoming blank, which 
must of necessity strike it a sharp blow, which sends it a 
distance of two feet, into a box placed there to catch them. 
If the blank happens to be too heavy, the scale will go down 
pretty lively, causing the blank to slip off inti> a box placed 
between the first named box and the machine, right under 
the scale. Should the blank prove too light, the scale will go 
up, causing the blank to slide back towards where the finger 
and thumb brought it from, into a box placed immediately 
under the machine. 

The blanks are thus divided into three compartments, at 
the rate of two hundred per minute, with the greatest accuracy. 
Those that are in the boxes placed to catch the light and 
heavy are at once conveyed to the melting-room, to be made 
into bars or ingots; while thore that are right weight are now 
ready to go through the "milling" process, which means to 
thicken the edge of the blank all around to prepare it to 
receive tlie impression when placed between the coining dies. 
It is done by causing the blanks to revolve between two 
grooves, one fixed, the other in motion. A few years ago 
this was accomplished in a large, ponderous machine, that 
would take the united strength of two of the strongest men to 
lift, the machine having a slow mation in a horizontal position, 
like a great steel table moving to and fro, turning up the edges 
one at a time. Now a superior machine has been invented, 
by which they can be milled faster than a person can count, 
doing its work better, costing but one tenth part of the 
amount of the other, being more durable, less cumbersome, 
and so convenient in size, and beautiful in appearance, that a 
lady could hold one on her knee without fatigue. 

By this time the blanks have again become so hard that they 
have to undergo a thorough annealing, rendered neces!-ary by 
the pressure received in the previous processes. It is also 
absolutely necessary for the finishing process, that^he blank 
should be as soft as possible. For this purpose they are placed 
in copper seamless tubes, and iron boxes with double lids, 
rendered air-tight with clay, in order that no chemical action 
should take place to cause discoloration. They are then 
placed in a huge furnace, and subjected to a great heat. But 
notwithstanding all the care and attention that can be bestowed 
upon the work by the most skillful workmen, a little air will 
sometimes force its way into the chambers, causing the gold to 
oxidize, or change color. To rectify this, and to improve the 
whole of the work, it has to undergo a cleansing process, 
which is done in the following manner: 

After they are withdrawn from the fire and allowed a suflfi- 
cient time to cool, to admit of handling, they are placed in 
perforated cylinders, and plunged into boiling, diluted aqua- 
forti? (nitric acid), then into several clear waters, for the 
purpose of washing off all the acid, then thrown into hot saw- 
dust for the purpose of drying them quickly, before they hav 





j-TJ^EisriXjEi i:DTSTie."crcTOi?/. 



93 




time to tarnish by contact with the atmosphere. Both blanks 
and hot sawdust being phiced in i-trong sacks, secured at one 
end to an iron swing, the other end fastened to the crank of a 
wheel, the wheel is set in motion, and has the effect of polish- 
ing the blanks by means of friction. 

{To he Continued,) 



COI?.-iA^L. 



{Concluded.) 



THEpolypary, in which the corallia dwell, lia ; been likened, not 
unreasonably, to a honeycomb, though there is this essen- 
tial diiference between the two things — that whereas the 
honeycomb consists of a quantity of matter in which no life 
exists, there is reason to think that the polypary of the corallium 
has a life of its own, apart from that of the corallium itself. 





HORN CoRALLiNE. PLUJfE CORALL,i.^E. 

Madrepore coral, which is the sort mostfroi|uently met with, 
and is known as tree cnral^ is studded all over tvith siuall cells 
projecting a quarter of an inch above their base. Tlicse cells 
or tubular spires are hollow, and are the hou>es in wlilch the 
Madrepores live. There is no visible channel of communication 
iaternally, as there is in some other polyparie.-i, and the tubes 
end adruptly a short distance below their base. In and out 
of these tubes the corallia move and ply their busy trade, till 
they have secreted so much calcareous matt<.'r i'rom the sea- 
water as to make the body of the polypary advance upon their 
own particular cells; in other words, the piece of coral increases 
in size, the little spines become absorbed, tlie animals them- 
selves die, and give place to others, which burst out like buds 
on the calcareous surface of the polypary. This process being 
repeated, and other polypariefi joining on, there becomes in 
course of time an agglomeration of .systems, which, cemented 
by different substances that come to them casually irom all 
quarters, results in a coral rock or reef. 

Most of the other corallia have cells, of which the mouths 
are flush with the surface of the polypary, instead of projecting 
beyond it; S0DI6 also seem to travel over the surface of their 



dwelling in deep winding grooves which extend all over it. 

The red coral, of which ornaments are made, is foimd only 
in the Mediterranean, chiefly on the African coast. It grows 
slowly, is rarely more than a foot in length, and has to be 
sought at the lowest depth at which corallia can live. It belongs 
to the familj' of harked corals, which have a stony axis beneath 
a soft covering, on which are a number of calcareous spicula 
and polyp cells. It is found adhering to all kinds of things, 
stones, weeds, other coral — anything in short, that will afford 
it a good holding. Red coral is fished for with grapnels and 
hooks, and gives occupation for a large number of people. It 
is still used in Eurojie for ornamental purjioses, though not so 
much as formerly. A'^ia, however, is the principal market for 
it; there it is highly valued. 

One considerable function of the corallium has been noticed 
— that of laying the foundations of continuents to be; another 
duty it discharges is scarcely less important, and that is, the 
duty of moderator of the sea's saltness. L;irge quantities of 
various salts, in ex'-i ss of the requirements of the sea, are 
brought down by rivers and streams from the land, and poured 
into the lap of the ocean. As much as the sea requires to 
keep up its strength it takes freely; but after it is thoroughly 
saturated with salt, there is a surplus, which somehow or other 
must be got rid of The surplus, so far as it consists of lime 
salts, is taken up by the corallia, who secrete, digcstj reproduce, 
and utilize it, cau.sing it to take shape after the design given 
to them bv its Maker and their Maker, and adapt the waste 
things of the ocean to circumstances in which they become of 
signal utility, and show forth in an eminent degree the) Yfisclcnn 
and the glory of God. 






A FEW years ago a magnificent looking vein of magnetic iron 
ore was discovered id Western New York. A company 
was formed and a sample of the ere sent to a well-known 
maUUurgist. Nothing could look better, but on analysis he 
found that it contained sulphur in microscopic particles to the 
amount of no less than 7. per cent whereas 1' per cent would 
have been enough to ruin it for smelting purposes, He 
informed the company tl1.1t no saleable product could be 
obtained from the ore; but they had Already begun building, 
and were not to be deterred by the Judgment of a mere 
theorist, as they considered him, when the most experienced 
practical men, smelters, doubtless, of large and long experience, 
pronounced it first-class ore. They built two furnaces, worth 
perhaps $300,000. Their product was rather a "matte" than 
iron. It was such brittle, wretched stuff that it would not 
answer for window weights. The company naturally failed, 
but they were bought out by another association, which paid 
a similar price for the same experience, and when I last heard 
of the concern, a third company had just purchased it with a 
view to the manufacture of steel! Here was a case where 
ordinar>' experience utterly failed, while from a scientific point 
of view, the matter was of the utmost simplicity; and such 
instances occur constantly— .4»ierican Manufacturer. 



The best rules for a young man to follow are, to talk little, 
to hear much, to reflect alone upon what has passed in com- 
pany, to distrust one's own opinions, and value those of others 
that deserve it. 





94= 



J- TJ "V^ E n^ I L E insrSTI?.TJCTOI^. 




j^:Rir STOK.Y 



GKIZEL COCHRANE. 



( Continued. ) 




AT that period, all those appliances which at this day accel- 
erate the progress of the traveller were unknown, and the 
mail from London, which now arrives in twelve hours, took 
eight days in reaching the Scottish capital. Miss Cochrane 
thus calculated on a delay of sixteen or seventeen days in the 
execution of her fathei's sentence — a space of time which she 
deemed amjily sufficient to give a fair trial to the treaty set on 
foot for his liberation. She had, by means which it is unnec- 
essary here to detail, possessed herself ot the most minute 
information with regard to the places at which the postmen 
rested on their journey, one of which was a small public-house, 
kept by a widow, on the outskirts of the little town of Belford. 
There the man who received the bag at Durham was accustomed 
to arrive about six o'clock in the morning, and take a few 
hours' repose before proceeding farther on his journey. In 
pursuance of the plan laid down by Miss Cochrane, she 
arrived at this inn about an hour after the man had composed 
himself to sleep, in the hope of being able, by the exercise of 
her wit and dexterity, ease him of his charge. 

Having put her horse into the stable — which was a duty 
that devolved on the guests at this little public-house, from 
its mistress having no hostler — she entered the only apartment 
which the house afforded, and demanded some refreshment. 
"Sit down at the end of that table," said the old woman, "for 
tee best I have to give you is there already; and be pleased, 
my bonny man, to make as Uttle noise as you can, for there's 
ana asleep in that bed that I like ill to disturb. ' ' Miss Coch- 
rane promised fairly; and after attempting to eat some of the 
viands, which-were ^tbG-Temains -of *he -sleepiag jnan's Jjiaal, 
she asked for some cold water. 

"What!" said the old dame, as she handed it to her. "ye 
are a water-drinker, arc ye? It's but an ill custom for a change- 
house." 

"I am aware of that," replied her guest, "and therefore, 
when in a public-house, always pay I'or it the price of the 
stronger potation, which I cannot take." 

"Indeed — well, that is but just," responded the dame; "and 
I think the more of you for such reasonable conduct." 

"Is the well where you get this water near at hand?" said 
the young lady; "for if you will take the trouble to bring me 
some from it, as this is rather warm, it .shall be considered in 
the reckoning. ' ' 

"It is a good bit off," said the woman; "but I cannot refuse 
to fetch some for such a civil, discreet lad, and will be as quick 
as I can. But for any sake, take care and don't meddle with 
these pistols," .she continued, pointing to a pair of pistols on 
the table, "for they are loaded, and I am always terrified for 
them," 

Saying this, she disappeared; and Miss Cochrane, who would 
have contrived som£ oihcr errand for her, had the well been 
near, no sooner saw the door shut than she passed with tremb- 
ling eagerness, and a cautious but rapid step, acro.ss the floor 
to the place where the man lay soundly sleeping, in one of 
those close wooden bedsteads common in the houses of the 
poor, the door of which was left ,half open to admit the air, 
and which she opened still wider, . in the hope of seeing the 
mail-bag, and being able to .seize upon it. But what was her 
dismay when she beheld only a part of the integument which 



contained what she would have sacrificed her life a thousand 
times to obtain, ju.st peeping out from below the shaggy head 
and brawny shoulders of its keeper, who lay in such a position 
upon it as to give not the smallest hope of its extraction with- 
out his being aroused from his nap! A few bitter moments of 
obser\-ation served to convince her that, if she obtained pos- 
sessitn of this treasure, it must be in some other way; and 
again closing the door of the bed, she approached the pistols, 
and having taken them one by one from the holsters she as 
quickly as pos.sible drew out their loading, which having 
secreted, she returned them to their cases, and resumed her 
seat at the foot of the table. Here she had barely time to 
recover from the agitation into the fear of the man's awaking 
during her recent occupation ho.d thrown her, when the old 
woman returned with the water; and having taken a draught, 
of which she stood much in need, she .settled her account 
much to her landlady's content, by paying for the water the 
price of a pot of beer. Having then carelessly asked and 
ascertained how much longer the other guest was likely to 
continue his sleep, she left the hou.se, and mounting her horse, 
set off at a trot in a different direction from that in which she 
had arrived. 

Making, q. circuit of two or three miles, .she once more fell 
into the high-road between Beliord and Berwick, where she 
walked her horse gently on, awaiting the coming of the post- 
man. Though all her faculties were now absorbed in one aim, 
and the thought of her father's deliverance still reigned 
supreme in her mind, she could not help occasionally figuring 
to herself the possibility of her tampering with the pistols 
being discovered, and their loading replaced, in which case it 
was more than likely that her life would be the forfeit of the 
act she meditated. A woman's fears would intrude, notwith- 
standing all heroism, and the glorious issue which promised to 
attend the success of her enterprise. When she at length saw 
and heard the postman advancing behind her, the strong 
necessity of 'the case gave her renewed courage; and it was 
with perfect coolness that, on his coming close up, she civilly 
saluted him, put her horse into the same pace with his, and 
rode on for some way in his company. He was a strong thick- 
set fellow, with a good-humored countenance, which did not 
seem to Miss Cochrane, as she looked anxiously upon it, to 
savor much of hardy daring. He rode with the mail-bags 
strapped firmly to his saddle in front, close to the holsters 
(for there were two), one containing the letters direct form 
London, and the other those taken up at the different post- 
offices on the road. After riding a short distance together, 
Miss Cochrane deemed it time, as they were nearly half-way 
between Belford and Berwick, to commence her operations. 
She therefore rode nearls' close ti^ her companion, and said, in 
a tone of determination: "Friend, I have taken a fancy for 
those mail-bags of yours, and I must have them; therefore, 
take my advice, and deliver them up quietly, for I am provided 
for all hazards. I am mounted, as you see, on a fleet steed; 
I carry firearms; and, moreover, am allied with those who are 
stronger, though not bolder than my.self. ' ' You see j'onder 
wood," she continued, pointing to one at the distance of about 
a mile, with an accent and air meant to carry intimidation. 
"Again, I say, take my advice; give me the bags, and speed 
back the road you came for the present, nor dare 'to approach 
that wood for at least two or three hours to come. ' ' 
(To he Continued.) 



A CHEERFUL face is the index of a good disposition. 





a"Tj^ii]ivri:LjE ihststi^tjotoi^. 



'NJ^ 



95 



TI?yI.A.ILj 'BIT O K/ X) E -A. Hi . 




HISTORY gives us accounts of many remarkable ways which 
the ancients resorted to for the purpose of proving the 
guilt or innocence of persons accused of crime. Some of our 
little readers may remember that in the early settlement of 
New England many persons were accused of witchcraft. One 
of the methods adopted to test them was the throwing of them 
into a deep pond or river. -Ifith«y sunk, it was an evidence 
they were innocent. This would be poor satisfaction to the 
accused, who, when drowned, would have nothing^ to fear from 
their persecutors, though it might be some consolation to their 
surviving friends. But if they floated, then they were fished 
out and treated as undoubted witches, their floating in the 
water being deemed an evidence of their evil character that 
CDuld not be doubted. 

Other methods of proving innocence were: plunging the arm 
into boiling water, threading a way through red-hot plowshares, 
and fighting on horseback or on foot with deadly weapons, 
the accused and the accuser; or if one was a woman, some 
champion whom she would select and who would espouse her 
cause. The idea in resorting to these tests was that God 
would protect and preserve the innocent and bring them 
through these trials without injury. The people of those days 
must have had more faith than the people of the world now, 
for outside of the church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints 
there is very little faith in Christendom that God has anything 
to do with the affairs of men. Doubtless in many tests in 
ancient days the faith of those who submitted to them, and 
who knew they were innocent of the crimes of which they 
were accused, did really save them. 

The Lord through the prophet Moses, as recorded in the 
fifth chapter of the Book of Numbers, gave unto Israel a test 
of jealousy. The wife of whom a man was jealous had to 
drink "bitter water," prepared by the priest as a test. If she 
were innocent, then the "bitter water" had no effect upon her; 
but if guilty, it had a dreadful effect, and she became a curse 
among the people. This was an appeal to the direct judgment 
of Heaven, and doubtless this had the eflFect, with other strict 
laws in force among the children of Israel while they had any 
desire to be a righteous people, to check adultery. 

Among heathen nations they frequently have tests to prove 
the innocence or guilt of persons accused of crime. We read 
lately of such an instance in the Island of Madagascar. The 
test, or ordeal, most in vogue is that by eangena, or by drink- 
ing of poisoned water. But the test or ordeal which we wish 
to describe is another means which the people of that i.sland 
have of deciding for or against the accused, and was witnessed 
by a European traveler. On reaching Mistasand, in the 
interior, he found the inhabitants waiting with impatience the 
rise of a full moon. That was deemed the most suitable time 
for submitting a doubtful case to the judgment of the deity. 
When the moon came up, it lighted, with the intense lustre 
common to the tropics, the assembled natives and the group 
of judges. They were gathered together in a marshy plain; 
and near it was running a broad river, noted for the many 
alligators that infest its waters. These hideous reptiles are 
not only numerous, but of great size, measuring occasionally 
twenty feet in length, and of such fierceness that tliey some- 
times attack and upset canoes. 

An extremely beautiful girl of fifteen yjars of age had been 
accused, by a jealous and covetous relative, of being too 
intimate with a young male slave. Illicit intercourse is a 
crime of the highest magnitude among the Malagasy; especially 



in the high caste of which this girl was a member. Her father, 
dead some years previously, had been a rich and potent chief 
in a mountain district; and his heritage was desired by the 
accuser. The proceedings were short and summary. The 
eldest of the judges ordered the girl, whose name was Racar, 
to seat herself in the midst of them, that she might take part 
in the trial, and hear her sentence pronounced. The accuser 
then brought forward his charge. Adjured to confess her 
crime, Racar stoutly denied it, and declared in a firm voice 
that the alligators should decide upon the question of her 
guilt or innocence. Thereupon, the judges, having formally 
put this sentence into words, delivered over the hapless 
maiden to an officer, who performs the double duty of medi- 
cine-man and executioner. Nor did he delay his part. Taking 
Racar by the hand, he led her forthwith to the bank of the 
river. There standing at the water's edge, he called solemnly 
upon the alligators to devour her, if she had done the shame- 
ful deed, or to spare her if she had been wrongfully accused. 
The girl herself, without complaint or resistance, turned round 
to her female companions who had followed her. thanked them 
with fulness of heart, and begged one of them to give her a 
bit of ribbon, so that she might tie up her long flowing tresses 
to prevent them from impeding her sight at need. This done, 
she took off her clothes, laid them quietly down on the brink 
of the river, and then leaped lightly into it. One might have 
thought that the alligators knew of her coming. It was 
horrible to see a shoal of them in immediate pursuit of her. 
She swam with incredible swiftness, and in a short space of 
time was opposite to an islet overgrown with canes, the favorite 
resort of these terrific creatures. This was the appointed 
place for the most trying part of the test; but the intrepid 
girl showed no signs of fear or hesitation. Three times, in 
obedience to the cruel decree, did she dive beneath the water, 
remaining on each occasion so long below the surface, that the 
agonized traveler concluded all was over. But it was happily 
ordained otherwise. At length, and at the end of minutes 
that seemed endless, she swam ashore, and landed safe and 
sound. Throwing herself at the feet of the judges, she was 
hailed as innocent, amid the acclamations of the multitude; 
and her base accuser was condemned to pay her a heavy sum 
for damages. The amount indeed was so considerable, that it 
exceeded the whole value of the wretched man's herds and 
slaves. But the generosity of Racar was no less than her 
courage; and heathen as she was, few more enlightened girls 
could have matched her in either of those noble qualities. 
She declined to profit by the rights awarded her; and went her 
way with her rejoicing friends, leaving her vile relative to 
actual shame and possible remorse. 



-*♦- 



Counting a Billion. — What is a billion? The reply is very 
simple — a million times a million. This is quicklj' written, 
and quicker still pronounced. But no man is able to count it. 
You count lOO or 170 a minute; but let us even suppose that 
you go as far as 200, then an hour would produce 12,000; a 
day, 288,000; and a year, or 365 days, 10.5,120,000. Let us 
suppose, now, that Adam, at the beginning of his existence, 
had begun to count, had continued to do so, and was counting 
still, he would not even now, according to the usuil sujiposed 
age of our globe, have counted near enough. For to count a 
billion he would require 9,512 years, 342 days, 5 hours, and 20 
minutes, according to the above rule. Supposing we were to 
allow the poor counter 12 hours daily for rest, eating and 
sleeping, he would need 19,025 years, 319 days, 10 hours, and 
45 minutes! 





96 



cr U "V" E IsT I H. E insrSTK^TJOTOI^. 




IlSrTOXIIOJ^TIOItT. 



BY ROLLO. 




NOTWITHSTANDING the terrible effects of this pernicious 
habit, there are many of the youth of the present day 
who indulge in the manly (?) vice of the use of intoxicating 
liquors. And there are very few indeed who will not accept a 
drink of wine, whisky or beer when it is offered to them. A 
picnic or ball, in the estimation of many, is never complete 
without a bottle of whisky or a keg of beer, and not at all 
enjoyable if no one present is into.x:icated. There is one thing 
certain, and that is, that if such persons do not quit the use of in- 
toxicating liquors, they will live to regret the day they were born. 
There are some persons who are of opinion that "a little 
beer now and then will not hurt anybody." This is false. 
Ask any of the great drunkards of to-day, and they will tell 
you (if they tell you the facts) that they started with "a little 
beer now and then." At first they took only a little, but soon 
they were not satisfied with a little, and consequently they 
took more and more, until they became what you see them 
now — miserable, wretched and diseased, their hop-3S wrecked, 
their character and reputation ruined. They cannot get 
emjjloyment, because no one will put confidence in a man that 
makes use of spirituous liquors. How many families are 
made miserable, half, if indeed not wholly, starved, their 
children uncared for, and lives blasted and destroyed, all 
through this degrading vice of drunkenness? If the figures 
could be made known to the world they would startle it as it 
never has been startled before 

Hero in Utah there is no excuse for persons resorting to the 
use of liquor to quench their thirst, for there are pure streams 
of water flowing down almost every street, at which both man 
and beast can partake of health''ul, invigorating draughts, 
fre3 of charge. 

Not long since a couple of persons, were discussing the 
relative properties of beer and tobacco. One gave ben- the,, 
preference; the other, tobacco. In the course of their v Marks 
the fir.st stated that "in smoking or chewing tobacco, a person 
spits out that which he ought to swallow. ' ' The other retorted 
by saying, "Yes, and those who drink beer swallow that 
which they ought not to." 

Now, while I do not uphold either one or the other, tuliaeco 
is not so debasing in its effects, and, perhaps, not so injurious 
to the .system as intoxicating liquors. True, it will hurt a 
person to some extent, but it will not take away a person's 
senses; and whore tobacco has killed one person, intoxicating 
liquor has perhaps killed millions. But both are demoralizing 
and pernicious, and should be shunned by the youth of the 
present day. 

There are plenty of instances in this city of the truth of the 
foregoing statements. JIany briglit, intelligent and learned 
men have been killed by the monster, intoxication, who, were 
it not for this one, solitary vice, would have held high and 
honorable positions in this Territory or any other. And these 
men took "a little beer now and then" when they were boys. 
It is true there are some person^ who aver that they have 
used liquor since they ware boys, and never been intoxicated. 
This assertion may be true or otherwise; I am inclined to think 
it is the latter; but if the former, it can easily be accounted 
fir by the fact that alcohol or whisky, to intoxicate, must 
affeat the brain, and the persons who make that boast belong 
to the class that have no brains. 

Bays, be warned in time, and save yourselves from falling 
to paupers' or drunkards' graves. 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



ON THE HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON VIII. 



Q.- 
A. 
Q." 

A. 
Q.- 
A. 

Q-- 

A. 

with 

Q.- 

A. 

Q- 

A. 

Q.- 

A. 
Q. 

A. 

Q. 

A. 
Q. 
A, 

Q- 
A 

Q. 

.A, 



-Did he tell any one else? 

—Yes; he told one of the Methodist preachers. 

-Did the preacher believe it was tlie truth? 

—No; he told Joseph it was all from the Devil. ' 

-Did Joseph believe him? > l 

-No. ■ • . . ■■ '■ 

-Why not? < ■ 

—Because Joseph knew that he had seen God and tallied 

him. 

—Did any other heavenly being visit Joseph Smith? 

—Yes, an angel. 
-"When did he visit him? 

—About three years after. 

-How old was Joseph then? 

— Seventeen years old. 

— What day, month and year did the angel visit him? 

—On the evening of the 21st of September, 1823. 

— What was the angel's name? 

— Moroni. . 

— Where was Joseph when Moroni appeared unto him? 

. — He was in bed, praying uiito the'Lord. 

— Wnat did he pray to the Lord for? 

, — For a forgiveness nf his sifts and follies. 

—Did he pray for anything else? 

— Yes; he asked the Lord to tell him more about the gospel. 



SEXjEGTEID IPTJZZXjIE. 



There is a king of great renown, 
Wlio has some subjects in our town; 
Til find his name, you must ptirsue 
The rules which 1 lay down to you: 
Talvc the second vowel, and the third. 

With fi-\e placed in the middle; 
Five hundred begins and fifty ends — 

My riddle. 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 6 is Pl-overbs, 
chap. 8, verse .33 — "Heae, instruction, and be wise, and 
REFUSE IT NOT." We have received correct solutions from 
F.dwui M. Greene, Smithfield; John W. Webster, Mary A. 
'Webster, Taylorsville; Wm. M. Daines, Hyde Park; Orissa A. 
AUred, Lydia L. Allred^Luanna A. Booth, St. Charles; Lucy 
E. Smith, Martha J. Hollingworth, E. Brooks, W. T. Oooper, 
Ellen E. Culmer, Charles Reynolds, Salt Lake City. 



Every work of great genius, and every work of great care 
and industry, will have its value; but mediocrity with negli- 
gence, gives products of no value. 

crxjATEisriXjE iisrsTR/TJOTOi?. 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVEKY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CSORCE O CANNaN, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 

Siiiffle Copy, per Annum — — $2 00, 

j^S'Office, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be dirc'tod, 
Editor J uvenile Instructor. ' ' 




