
THE Japanese mariner knows no festival so attractive as 
that of which the sea is the theatre. When the sea-side 
inhabitants of Sinagawa, at Yeddo, celebrate the anniversary 
of their favorite deity, Tengou, they believe that they best 
show their affection for the idol by transporting it into the sea. 
"While the veterans of the priesthood and their servants attend 
to the annual purification of the temple and its furniture, the 
most vigorous of the priests take upon their shoulders the 
frame on which the shrine or Mikosi re -its. When they have 
reached the 
shore, they 
lay aside their 
sacerdotal 
vestments, 
and in good 
order plunge 
through the 
waves. In 
the meantime 
the crowds of 
fishermen 
who foil o w 
them with tu- 
multuous 
shouts, encir- 
cle the cor- 
tege; seize 
with their 
strong arms 
the sacred 
abode of the 
god; raise it 
above the 
lacquered 
caps of the 
priests; and, 
in spite of tli 




sfforts 




real or pretended, of itj official guar- 
dians, who Straggle against the crowd in the midst of the 
foaming waves, the tottering but still upright shrine in the 
hands of the people accomplishes its maratime pilgrimage 

This ceremony takes place on the sixth day of the sixth 
month, which is about the end of our July. It lasts, with its 
different rites, to the eighth day, when, to conclude, the priests 
distribute to their flocks branches of trees, laden with IVuil as 



the people like it — that is to say, scarcely arrived at maturity. 
The faces in the engraving are anything but pleasing. In 
fact, they look repulsive. The Japanese who visited our city 
about two years since were not ill-favored; but then they were 
of the superior classes in Japan. These in our engraving are 
principally the lower classes, and those who have visited old, 
aristocratic nations know how very wide is the difference 
among them between the upper and lower classes of society. 
They frequently appear to the traveler like two distinct races. 

When the 
knowledge of 
the true God 
dies out in 
the midst of 
a people, they 
arc in a dread- 
ful condition. 
They have no 
g u i d e , and 
they stray in- 
to very dark 
paths. Some 
worship the 
i u n. others 
fire, others 
animals, oth- 
ers idols made 
nut nf wood 

Or Stone, oth- 
ers their an- 
cestors. The 
pe.o p le o f 
I Ihristendom, 
baving t h e 
Bible to read, 
which gives 

them an account of God and His Son Jesus Christ, have had 
.ureat advantages over the nations which have not had this 
knowledge but we can see, even ai ig them, how far man 

can stray from God when he has UO divine revelation lii guide 
him. They arc split up into hundreds of sects, and each one 

contends it is right. 



They are nut our besl friends, who praise us to our facet 





50 



J" XT "V E ICT X L E IUSTETJCTOB 




i 






Tjfooafl* 



Imtul He llWil 



BY 6. M. O. 



THE CITY OF PANAMA. 




PANAMA, on the Pacific side of the isthmus, and Porto 
Bello, (in the Atlantic side, were at one time very impor- 
tant places in America. They formed the only channel of 
communication by which the wealth of Peru was conveyed to 
Spain. But when the wealth of Peru became so much lessened, 
and the greater part of the products of that country was carried 
around Cape Horn, the importance of both these places was 
very much changed. Although Panama wa- still maintained a 
fortified place, and had some little trade, it was fast sinking 
into decay and had lost all importance as a commercial city, 
when the gold discoveries of California and its fortunate 
situation on the line of a quick and easy route to the gold 
fields once more brought it into prominence, and made its 
name again familiar to the world. To that hardy discoverer, 
Balboa, though indirectly, we may assign the credit of founding 
the city, through his great perseverance, courage and patience, 
exhibited when forcing his way through the almost impene- 
trable forests of Darien, resulting iu the discovery of die great 
western ocean. 

The richness of the pearls found near the islands of the 
magnificent bay of Panama, and the reports of ihe fabulous 
wealth of the countries lying north and south of it, when 
Balboa returned, created a fever of excitement and enterprise 
that could not be controlled; and an expedition for colonization 
and conquest was immediately formed. Balboa was to lead 
this enterprise; but. through the envy and .jealousy of Pedrarias 
Davila. the governor, he was slandered, insulted, imprisoned 
and execute',. Not satisfied with being rid of the man whose 
power he dreaded. Pedrarias wished to reap the benefits of his 
enterprise and discoveries. After representing to the govern- 
ment in Spain the unhealthiness of the climate about Santa 
Maria, he asked permission to remove the location of the 
colony to the western side of the isthmus. Permission was 
granted him. ami a settlement was begun at Panama, in the 
ye.w I51S. The location is 9° N 30^ north latitude. 7<i° 10 N 
we-i longitude. Tello de Guzman gave it a name. The word 
panama signifies a place abounding with fish. Charles V. 
rai 3d it to the name and privileges of a city in the year 1521. 

< hi the l.xth of January. 1671, Morgan, an Englishman, at 
the head of twelve hundred buccaneers, commenced his inland 
journey to Panama. Their progress, by land and water alter- 
nately, was attended with great inconvenience. Starting with 
a very small supply of provisions, famine was added to their 
other hardships. It has been said they were so bard pushed 
for food that they resolved to roast or boil a few of their enemy 
to satisfy their ravenous appetites. Leather boots, belts and 
bags found at a deserted Spanish station, formed a delicious 
meal for them. The mode of preparing this deserves notice. 
The leather was first sliced, then alternately dipped in water 
ami beaten between two stones, to make it tender; it was then 
broiled, cut into small bits, deliberately chewed and washed 
down with frequent draughts of water. After undergoing 
hardships with powers of endurance almost superhuman, on the 
ninth evening of their inarch they beheld, at a distance, the 
city of Panama, and at the same time possessed themselves of 
a herd of cattle, horses and asses, that were feeding in a valley 



near by. They rushed to the feast, cutting up the animals and 
devouring the flesh raw, more resembling cannibals than 
Europeans. The next morning, with drums and trumpets 
sounding, they advanced on the city. The Spaniards opposed 
to them consisted of two hundred cavalry and four regiments 
of infantry (over three thousand men,) assisted by a number 
of Indian allies, and a novel engine of war, a large herd of wild 
bulls, to be driven among the ranks of the buccaneers. Morgan 
divided his force into three divisions, and, getting between 
the Spanish horse and foot soldiers, succeeded in separating 
them; and the wild bulls, taking fright from the tumult and 
the noise of the guns, ran away or were shot before they could 
do any mischief. After a contest of two hours, the Spanish 
army gave way. Many were killed; the rest fled, throwing 
away their muskets, and seeking safety in the adjoining 
thickets. The pirates did not follow in pursuit, but took a 
savage pleasure in shooting without mercy all who fell into 
their hands. The town was captured the next day, after a 
desperate conflict of three hours maintained in the streets, the 
buccaneers neither giving nor accepting quarter. Soon after 
the city was gained, fires broke out in different quartern, 
attributed by the Spaniards to the pirates, and by them to the 
inhabitants. The houses being mostly built of cedar, the 
flames caught like tinder, and the city was consumed in a very 
short time. The city at this time consisted of about twelve 
thousand houses, many of them large and magnificent. It 
also contained eight monasteries, and two churches, all richly 
furnished. The pirates, like demons, raged through the 
burning town, in search of plate and other valuables. After a 
sojourn of four weeks. Morgan resolved to leave; and after 
numerous adventures, they arrived again on the eastern coast 
of the isthmus and separated, none of them much richer for 
the misery and devastation they had carried to Panama. 

Owing to the low, marshy, and unhealthy location of the 
city, it was rebuilt on its present site, three miles distant from 
the former location. In the year 1TH7 the new city was 
destroyed by fire, and twice since has it suffered from a like 
calamity. At the time of my visit it contained about six 
thousand inhabitants, and two-thirds of the town wa,s in ruin. . 
The once formidable looking castilo. and the city walls, were 
tittering and crumbling to decay. Creeping vines and parasitic 
plants clung and ; r iw over convent walls; and ihe shells inlaid 
in the ornamental plastering of the houses had lost their 
lustre. The only lite and business were concentrated on one 
street, monopolized by the foreigners, whose principal occupa- 
tion was vending whisky and tobacco, and keeping cheap 
ea'ing houses and boarding establishments. 

Our brig was forced to anchor about two miles fro'n shore, 
owing to the shallowness of the water. The boat was hoisted 
out, and our captain and the passenger were taken on shore. 
Shortly after returning in the evening with the captain, we 
learned through the mate that the captain intended to take 
the brig over to the Island of Taboga, twelve miles distant, 
and discharge cargo. 

(To be Continued,) 



Thinking leads man to knowledge. He may see and hear 
and read and learn whatever lie pleases, and as much as he 
pleases; he will never know anything of it, except that which 
he has thought over: that which, by thinking, he has made 
the property of his mind. Is it then saying too much, that 
man, by thinking only, be comes truly man. Takeaway thought 
from man's life, and what remains? 





CTTJ^EnsriLE UsTSTRTJCTOE 



thie iboix: bish: 



WE have here a very good picture of one of the most beau- 
tiful and curious species of the finny tribe. We can see 
at a glance that it is not at all like any of the fish that inhabit 
our mountain streams and lakes, consequently its appearance 
and description will be strange and interesting to our young 
readers who are so fond of visiting the creeks and rivers to 
watch the fish, study their habits and indulge in the pleasant 
pastime of angling for them. This very pretty specimen is 
called the Box Fish. We have heard of a fish armed with a 
weapon in the shape of a spear, called the sword fish, but 
nature has provided the box fish with, not a spear, but an 
armor. To preserve it from the attacks of larger fishes, it has 
a .solid, firm and bony coat of mail covering the whole of its 
body. The different parts of this envelope are so wonderfully 
joined together that it appears to be formed of a single bone, 
and to be a kind of box in which to enclose the fish. It is also 
sometimes called the Trunk Fish and the Coffer. It will readily 
be imagined why this fi sh has been so named. Its curious armor 
or covering has suggested the various names that have been 
applied to it, all of which seem very appropriate. Its covering 
is so hard that it is almost as safe in it from the attacks of its 
voracions companions, as if 
it were really encased in a 
box, a trunk or a coffer. 
It is never found in inland 
streams, as are the trout, 
mullet, salmon, etc., with 
which we are all so well 
acquainted, but is a native 
of the Red sea, the Indian 
Ocean, and that part of the 
Atlantic which bathes the 

shores of our own Southern j 

States. Though the ''box'' |^BI 

of the box fish is so hard, 

its flesh is none the less 

palatable, in fact, it is 

more delicious than that of 

almost any other fish to be found in the American seas. 




ages of the bride and bridegroom, and the exact time of birth 
will create any bad influence if the two are united on a given 
day. Should a lady who has been betrothed in the usual 
manner by her parents die before marriage, the bereaved 
youth is at liberty t > make another engagement; but should he 
die before marriage, the young lady must go into weeds for the 
term of her natural life: and. should she in her widowhood be 
held in esteem by her neighbors for perfect chastity, the Impe- 
rial Government will erect a stone arch over her grave. There 
are many who, when in this situation, prefer to commit suicide 
rather than face the ills of a spinster's or widow's life. 

It is usual, during the marriage week, to engage a procession 
of coolies to parade the streets with the articles of household 
furniture, the silks and jewels, of the new couple. On the 
day of marriage the bride is in a flutter, as she is being dressed 
and painted by her female relatives and attendants. The 
head-dress, hung with glittering sprays of pearls, is poised on 
the head, the last touch is given to the uniform folds of her 
red silk robe, the gorgeous gilded chair waits at the door; she 
is gently raised in her brother's arm-, and held over a fire 
of charcoal, to dispel any lurking deviltry that may be about 
her. She is then carried to her chair, followed by a chorus 
of weeping females, four of whom are the bridemaids, who 

ol 



* 



M* 




.a. ghiitese hvla_:r,:r,:r,:l~^g-:e]. 




THE marriage ceremony in China differs in many respects 
from those of other countries. Love before marriage was 
never the fashion with the Chinese. A Chinaman, if he 
moves in polite circles, has never seen the lady to whom he is 
betrothed, and has not the remotest idea of what she is like; 
whether she will at all resemble the creature his fuel fancy has 
painted, or whether the first sight of her unveiled face on the 
day of marriage will cast a shadow over the prospect of his 
future life. He does not understand love; it is no part of 
the marriage contract. He was probably betrothed by bis 
parents before his infant eyes opened upon the charms of his 
country. His intended wife has been reared for him in the 
strict seclusion of her paternal home. 

The parents of marriageable children usually engage a 
professional person, or go-between, to negotiate an alliance for 
their son or daughter. Suitable presents are exchanged, and 
an astrologer is called in to fix a lucky day for the ceremony. 
This individual professes to investigate the horoscope of the 

ntracting parties, and to ascertain whether tin- combined 



an 1 oiil married women, 
dressed in black and red 
scarfs. Then, amid the 
deafening din of fire-craek- 
e s, the shrill tones of na- 
tive flutes and the boom of 
gongs, she is borne oft' to 
the home of the bride- 
groom, at the door of which 
she is met by an old wo- 
man. the mother of male 
children. It is then that 
one of the most tedious of 
earthly ceremonies begins, 
wherein the spirits of an- 
cestors have to be wor- 
shiped, the parents have to 
be worshiped, and the marriage contract read. They then 
drink the sacred wine-cup, when two wine-cups are united by 
a red silk thread, and the contents drank by the young couple, 
in the presence of the assembled guests. The bride and bride- 
groom are usually seated during this part of the ceremony. 

When the ceremony is over, the bride take-; oft' the outer 
robe, and prepares herself to submit to the varied, and what 
we would consider extremely rude, remarks of the gentlemen 
present, who talk fieely of the form of her bands, feet. head. 
nose, mouth, eyes, etc. A feast follows, and the happy pair 
don't go off' in a chair-and-four on their honeymoon. The 
lady retires to, and keeps the strict seclusion of. her new 
home, while the bridegroom joins in the feast, which is kept 

up to a late hour. 



Selected. 



It would not do fin- us to be always prospered, always blessed 
with success, fur if we were we would soon fail to regard our 
prosperity as ;i blessing, or soon forget to acknowledge its 
proper source. It would not do fir us always to have ease, 
anil no anxiety; for if SO, we would certainly not be able to 
appreciate ease. It i.-, only after having tasted the bitter that 
we can appreciate the sweet; and only after having felt trouble 
and anxiety thai we can really enjoy comfort and ease. 





5S 



J - TT ^ IE 2T I L IE IUSTRTJCTOE/. ^j3_ 




EARLY LIFE IN THE VALLEY! 



(Continued.) 



AT a meeting of the Sainte held in Pottawattamie at the last 
of October, 1848, Oliver Cowdery, one of the three wit- 
nesses to the Book of Mormon to whom the angel showed the 
plates, and who received the priesthood at the same time that 
the prophet Joseph Smith did, was present and spoke. He 
had come from Wisconsin with his family. Oliver had fallen 
into transgression in Kirtland, had lost the Spirit and was cut 
oft' from the Church. He now came back, repentant, desirous 
of doing his first works over again and of regaining his mem- 
bership in the Church. To the people at- that meeting he bore 
testimony in the most positive terms to the truth of the Book 
of Mormon, the restoration of the priesthood to the earth, and 
the mission of Joseph Smith as the prophet of the last days. 
He told the people if they wanted to follow the right path, to 
keep the main channel of the stream; where the body of the 
church goes, there is the authority: and all these lo here's and 
lo there's have no authority; but this people have the true and 
holy priesthood; for the angel said unto Joseph Smith Jun. , in 
his hearing, that "this priesthood shall remain on the earth 
unto the end." His testimony produced quite a sensation 
among the strangers present, and was gratefully received by all 
the Saints. At an interview with Elders 0. Hyde and G. A. 
Smith he told them he had come to listen to their counsel and 
would do as they told him. He had been cut off from the 
Church and removed away from it for eleven years; and had 
now come back, not expecting to be a leader, but wished to be 
a member and have a part among them. He considered he 
ought to be baptized; and did not expect to return without 
entering in at the door. He further said that Joseph Smith 
had fulfilled his mission faithfully before God until death. 

On the 19th of November, 1848, the temple, erected by 
the Saints at Nauvoo in accordance with the word of the 
Lord, was destroyed by fire. Elders George A. Smith 
and Erastus Snow visited Nauvoo about eight years after 
its destruction, and learned from Lewis A. Bidamon, land- 
lord of the Nauvoo Mansion, that the inhabitants of War- 
saw, Carthage, Pontusuc and surrounding settlements, jealous 
of Nauvoo and fearing that it would still retain its supe- 
rior importance as a town, and the "Mormons" there- 
fore, might be induced to return, contributed a purse of five 
hundred dollars, which they gave to one Joseph Agnow for 
burning the temple, and that he was the wretch who set the 
building on fire. Bidamon added that the burning of the 
temple did have the effect to diminish the importance of Nau- 
voo; for hi* hotel did not have one-fourth the custom after the 
conflagration that it had had previously. Though this destruc- 
tion of the Temple of God was a most atrocious act, still the 
Saints who had erected it, and received therein those holy 
ordinances which had been appointed and revealed, and had 
taken their journey into the wilderness, could not mourn over 
its destruction. When burned it was beyond the power of the 
wicked to defile and occupy it. 

(To be Continued.) 



-•-» — •- 




To do an ill action is base; to do a good one, which involves 
you in no trouble, is nothing more than common; but it is the 
property of a truly good man to do great and good things, 
though he risk everything by it. 



%ntt&tittn of] painters. 



<n 



MICHAEL- ANGELO BUONAROTTI. 

( Concluded. ) 
From Chambers' Miscellany. 



THREE months after the completion of the Sistine Chapel, 
Pope Julius died. Leo X., who succeeded him, was by no 
means a warm friend to Michael-Angelo. But his fame was 
now too well established to suffer from this lack of favor. He 
was now growing old; but his energy and talents were unwear- 
ied. Besides the Sistine, another chapel was erected, called 
the Paoline; for this he painted two pictures — the "Conversion 
of St. Paul" and the "Crucifixion of St. Peter." At the age 
of seventy-two he was nominated architect of St. Peter's. This 
undertaking had been begun nearly a hundred years before; 
but little progress had been made, and every new architect had 
proposed a new design. Michael designed the dome, and had 
the satisfaction before his death of seeing it nearly completed. 
His plans for the other parts of the building were unhappily 
departed from in many things after his death. While laboring 
at. this work, the artist had to contend with the poverty and 
illiberality of his patrons; and once they endeavored to displace 
him. He had, in their opinions, not given light enough to the 
church in one portion of it. 

"Three more windows will be placed there," said Michael- 
Angelo. 

"You never told us of that before," replied a cardinal. 

"Nor will I be accountable to you for declaring all that I do, 
or intend to do!" cried the high-spirited painter. "It is yours 
to provide money, and keep off thieves; to build St. Peter's is 
mine." 

This independent speech won the favor of the then pope, 
Julius III. From this time he placed unlimited confidence and 
regard in the artist, often saying that should Michael-Angelo 
die before himself, his body should be embalmed, and kept in 
the palace, that his mortal form might endure as long as his 
works. But Julius died in 1555; and Paul IV. insulted the 
painter by wishing to reform the "Last, Judgment" in the Sis- 
tine. Michael sent this message in answer: "If His Holiness 
will undertake to reform mankind, I will engage that my picture 
shall reform itself." 

This pope plunged Rome in war and bloodshed. Michael- 
Angelo, then eighty-two years of age, took refuge in a monas- 
tery until these perilous times were over. It was with regret 
that he left this quiet abode to enter again on the turmoil of 
the world. He lived until the age of eighty-nine, and then 
died peaceably and calmly, uttering his last will in these words: 
"My soul I resign to God, my body to the earth, my worldly 
goods to my next of kin." 

Michael-Angelo' s countenance was like his mind — full of 
noble grandeur. Straight Greek features, a high and rather 
projecting forehead, with clustering hair and beard, give his 
portrait a character of sublimity which is like his works. These 
works were the grandest in conception and execution that mor- 
tal man could do — not beautiful but sublime. It is often a 
reproach to a great man that his life is far inferior to his works; 
but Michael-Angelo was in every way a noble and good man, 
not winning, but austere in his virtue and simplicity of char- 
acter at an age when the contrary was most in fashion. He 
was never married, and used to say that his works were his 
children, who must bear his name to posterity. He lived 





J"CT "V IE IN" I L IE I1TSTRUCTOR. 



53 




study and seclusion, never ceasing to seek after knowledge 
throughout his long life. In his old age he was found one day 
by Cardinal Sarnite walking alone in the ruins of the Coliseum. 
The cardinal expressed surprise. "I go yet to school," said 
Michael, "that I may continue to learn." 

This great artist's soul was full of high principle; he scorned 
everything mean and dishonorable. His disposition was 
generous, and many a kindness did he show to inferior artists 
and others who needed it. Sometimes his gifts were munifi- 
cent. To his old servant Urbino he gave two thousand crowns; 
a donation in those days considered worthy of a monarch. This 
man died when Michael was eighty-two, and his aged master 
remained with him day and night in his last illness, and after- 
wards wrote this of him: "Urbino's death has been a heavy 
loss to me, yet also an impressive lesson of the grace of God: 
for it has shown me that he who in his lifetime comforted me 
in the enjoyment of life, dying, has taught me how to die, not 
with reluctance, but even with a desire for death." 

His poems were numerous, and all breathe the spirit of 
purest Christianity. The sternness of his character won little 
affection from his contemporaries, yet none ever breathed a 
word against him. The fame of Michael- Augelo's works will 
live forever, and with that his memory as a truly great and 
virtuous man. 



J^ 



ZMZEID.A.IL.S-IR.OIM: IE- 



is Y H K T n . 




THE first thing to be careful about in collecting coins and 
medals is to know their history. This is necessary, that 
we may guard against imposture; for, although men do not 
want to deceive their fellows by imitating a coin, for the sake 
of giving a false coloring to facts, they may do so for the sake 
of money. Coins and medals frequently sell for much more 
than they are intrinsically worth. They are scarce, perhaps 
curious as well, sometimes, as with our Deseret coins, they are 
important to throw light upon obscure points in history. 

Now, here is a medal so exceedingly curious, so wonderfully 
corroborative of facts connected with early Rome, so rare 
withal, and consequently valuable, that its history should be 
known. How was it obtained? From Brother N. H. Felt, of 
this city. How did he obtain it? It was given to him, with 
many others, by the person who found them. Where were 
they found? Near Canterbury, a place of great antiquity, to 
which the Romans formerly resorted, where the learned of 
ever}' age have congregated, where curiosities of the kind 
would be likely to be found. Under such circumstances the 
medal is likely to be genuine, as there are no motives for 
deception. 

It is a copper coin, weighing a little more than half a penny- 
weight. On the "obverse" is a wolf; underneath it are repre- 
sented two children sucking its teats. We have read in ancient 
Roman history about Romulus and Remus, of whom we are 
instantly reminded by the figures. Can it be a coin of so early 
a date? Ijot us see what information the "reverse" conveys. 
Here is the head of a warrior. In the exergue is Anovs 
Roma. Now, as history informs us that a king of Rome, 
named Ancus Marcus, lived about 640 years before Christ, 
iere is no doubt that this was struck during his reign, that at 





that time the tradition of which we read, concerning Romulus 
and Remus sucking a she wolf, was current among the people; 
that money was used at that period by the Romans; that the 
soldiers of that nation wore helmets; that the Roman letters 
were then used; that they had a knowledge of the use of 
metals; that they had artificers to maks dies to strike coins. 
The state of art may be judged of too by this coin, and we 
get a glimpse into the condition of society — they were warriors, 
and proud of their vocation and origin. 

Here are two other coins of the same epoch that will help 
us to correct our opinions of those early times. One is bronze, 
an alloy of copper and platinum. On the obverse is a winged 
head of Mercury, one of the heathen deities we read of. As 
a work of art it is a gem. The profile is beautiful. Around 
the head is a diadem, the "tiara," and a ribbon, the symbol of 
regal dignity. We might almost begin to suspect that this is 
the work of the ancient Greeks, which, in fact, it may be, but 
the coin is Roman. For on the reverse is a galley, the prow of 
a boat, a common symbol on coins of the early Roman kings; 
and in the exergue Roma. The other coin Ls the same size 
and nearly the same weight (about three and a half penny- 
weights. ) This is only copper, and the finish is inferior to the 
other. On the obverse is a Roman warrior's head, helmeted, 
with a small disc behind the head. This is to represent the 
denomination, one, of a certain value. On the reverse is a 
rude representation of the prow of a boat, with Roma and 
other characters not decipherable. Of the value of these and 
other Roman coins of early days, the young readers will be 
informed when the later Roman medals are described. 



IBE WILLI1TG 



MANY persons think they are quite excusable for spending 
their time in idleness when they happen to be "out of a 
job," and can spend hours at a time hanging around street 
corners, apparently as contented as possible, "waiting for 
something to turn up." We will give you an instance of one 
who was not of that class: 

John Gregg called at Mr. Will's store and asked, — 

"Do you want a boy, sir?" 

"Can't say that I do," replied Mr. Wills; and, as he seemed 
busy and not inclined to talk, John walked away. 

A few days after, he came again and said: "I don't like to be 
idle; and if you are willing to try me, sir, I will work without 
pay till I get a situation." 

Mr. Wills agreed. What was his surprise, on going into his 
store next morning, to find his ill-assorted goods all arranged, 
shelves cleaned, windows washed, and many things done which 
in the busy season had been neglected. John had risen early, 
and done all this. 

"Why!" said Mr. Wills, "I hardly know the place!" 

He scon found be could not afford to part with .John. So 
great were his habits of system and order, he could accomplish 
a vast amount of work; doing at odd moments what would 
otherwise have been left undone; never neglecting a greater 
duty fin- one less important; never behind time; never requiring 
to be looked alter. 

Mr. Wills paid him for bis work, and told him not to leave 

till he coold get something better. The consequence was, John 

soon became master of a flourishing wholesale More. anil, 
finally, mayor of a large city. He was a poor boy; but bis 
habits of order and system raided him to his high position, and 
his good character made him respected bythe whole eommiini 





54 



JTJYEl<riLE IE"STBTJOTOB 





nuetiiljf liisinicioir. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1874. 
EDITORIAL THOUG-HTS. 





T is told of Dr. Johnson, that, having occa- 
sion to reprove a man for carrying on a 
disreputable business, the fellow excused 
limself with the plea, "You know, Doctor, 
I must live." .To which that gruff old 
hater of everything mean and contempt- 
tible replied that he did not see least 
necessity fir it. 

This little story conveys a forcible moral 
11 young men about to start in life, and who 
e the choice of a business before them. 
An 1 the moral is to choose a business that will 
make the world better, not worse. Every man 
a who produces something that the world needs, 
a public benefactor. Every man who does some- 
thing the world requires to have done, adds to the 
prosperity of the whole and increases the world's 
blessings. But any man whose business makes the 
world worse than it was before he commenced that business, 
whose business increases the temptation to do evil, or that aids 
in the spread of vice, cannot be esteemed a true man, however 
wealthy he may become, or however much good he may do 
with that wealth when he has acquired it. 

All work that the world needs doing is honorable, and ail 
men who do it, and do it well, are honorable also. The world 
needs houses, ships, railroads, clothes, etc., and the farmer 
who raises the food, the weaver who makes the cloth, the tailor 
who sews the clothes, the architect, the engineer, the mason, 
the carpenter and all others, who build the railroads, ships 
and houses are all engaged in honorable and honest toil, and 
none but the ignorant and foolish think otherwise. Nor is it 
less honorable to 1 e a surgeon, an editor or a book-keeper; the 
world needs these also, but these professions are no more to be 
esteemed as honorable than the others, nor any less so. Some 
thoughtlessly imagine that it is better, some say more respect- 
able, to be a doctor than a mechanic, to be a merchant than a 
farmer, perhaps because they fancy the labor is less and the 
profits greater. But is he any more to be respected who eats 
the bread than he who raises it, or any less so, if he earns that 
bread by the honest toil of his head or hands? Is it any less 
honorable to build a house than to live in it? To make a coat 
than to wear it?. If so, wherein? 

No trade that men are called to engage in for the happiness 
of the world is disreputable. It is the way in which the man 
supplies the world's needs that makes him what he is, honor- 
able or dishonorable. He who does what he has to do, and 
does it aright, is the peer of every other son of Adam, be he 
prince or peasant. Honor and honesty are confined to no 
class or caste. He who decries any necessary labor because he 
is engaged in some other branch of this world's industry, or 
belongs to some other station in life, is short-sighted and slow 
of understanding. The rich anil poor are both needed, as the 
world at present exists, but the rich should not oppress the 
poor, nor the poor wrong the rich. The day will come in the 
tory of God's kingdom, when there will bo no poor in the 



midst of the Saints, as the time will also come when there will 
be mine sinful nor corrupt therein. 

Then, young men in Zion, in choosing a trade or business, 
let your first thought be to choose a business that will make 
the world better, not worse. This is the great consideration. 
Perhaps you will not choose the business that will make you 
rich the quickest, but that is of little import; you have chosen 
wisely and as you ought to choose. Again, it is well to choose 
a business for which you have an aptitude or a liking. You 
will then, in all probability, succeed much more easily and do 
your duty better than though you took up with one for which 
you had no inclination or ability. Some think that much of 
the misery of the world arises from men being engaged in 
uncongenial employments. It is certain that he is happier who 
is employed at a trade he likes, than he whose labor is distaste- 
ful to him. The first has a labor of love, the other a labor for 
life and sustenance. 

And lastly, when you have made your choice, be determined 
to do what you have to do with your might, with all the skill 
and ability God has given you. Be not discouraged; remember 
that practice makes perfect. Start out with the determination 
to be a good workman, and live up to that determination; for 
therein, so far as you are concerned, the honor lies; and therein, 
under the blessing of Heaven, also lie your chances for 
advancement and prosperity. 



TIIK necessity for the publication of a short and very simple 
series of questions and answers for the use of the smaller 
children who attend our Sabbath Schools, who spend their 
time poring over the Primer and the First and Second Readers, 
has frequently been discussed at the meetings of the Sabbath 
School Union, by various superintendents and teachers, whose 
experience has proved to them the need of such a work. At 
one of the late meetings of this body, Elders George Goddard 
an 1 II. 1'. Richards and Sister L. Greene Richards were chosen 
as a committee to superintend the compilation of a catechism 
intended to fill this want. In our present number we give 
place to a communication from this committee, with the first 
chapter of the intended catechism, and draw attention to the 
desires expressed and requests made by the committee of all 
who feel like assisting in so good and useful a work. 



IT is with pleasure that we state that the subscriptions 
received for the current volume of the JUVENILE Instruc- 
tor already exceed the entire subscription of 1873, and we 
have still several cities and settlements to hear from. This is 
highly encouraging to us, and we heartily thank the Bbhops, 
School Superintendents and other brethren and the sisterswho 
have taken so lively an interest in the welfare of our little 
paper. We trust, however, that our friends will not "weary 
in well-doing," as our subscription list must yet be considerably 
increased before it will meet the cost of the publication of the 
Instructor in its present enlarged and improved form. 



-«^>- • -o- 



-♦■^ 



Making Resolutions. — Never form a resolution that is not 
a good one; and, when once formed, never break it. If you 
form a resolution, and then break it, you set yourself a bad 
example, and you are very likely to follow it. A i erson may 
get the habit of breaking his resolutions; this is as bad to the 
character and mind, as an incurable disease to the body. No 
person can become great, but by keeping his resolutions; no 
person ever escaped contempt, who could not keep them. Try 
to remember this ! 





JUYBKILE IUSTRUCTOE 



55 




3^Einsri2sTG- tTnSTIDIEIR, TIKE SIEL^. i A CHEERFUL HOME 



THE miner's life can hardly be a cheerful one, exposed as he 
is to the many explosion:; from fire-damp, of crumbling 
walls, of falls down fearful shafts, and the general unhealthful- 
ness of working where the purifying sunbeams are excluded. 
But mining undsr the sea must have peculiar trials and terrors. 
There is a vast copper mine in England where shafts extend 
many hundred yards under the bottom of the sea. The moan- 
ing of the waves 
as they dash 
against the 
rock is forever 
sounding in 
those gloomy 
aisles. When 
the s t o r m s 
come, the sound 
of the waters 
becomes so ter- 
rific that even 
the boldest mi- 
ners cannot stay 
below, but leave 
their work and 
come out on the 
f i rm u p p e r 
earth. Over- 
head are mass- 
es of bright, 
pure copuer, 
streaming a } 1 
thro u g h the 
gallery in every 
direction, trav- 
ersed by a net- 
work of thin 
red veins of 
iron, and over 
all the water 
is continually 
dropping, drop- 
ping down from 
the tiny crevice:;, 
in the rock. Im- 
mense wealth 
of metal is con- 
tained in these 
roof - , b u t no 
miner dare give 
it a n o ther 
stroke with his 
pick ax. Al- 
ready there has 
been one day's 
work too much 
done upon it, a.i 
a huge wedge 

of wood, driven into the locks, bears witne. s. Th 
all that keeps the sea from buisting in upon them. 
is not over three feet in thickness, and in many [ ' 




OIK' II A 




we Igo is 

The roof 

ices may be 

less. Yet there are three tiers of galleiies, where men work 
day by day, not knowing but a some fatal hour the flood may 
be upon them, rendering all escape as hopeless as it was in the 
ays of Noah. — Selected 



A SINGLE word may disquiet an entire family for a whole 
day. One surly glance casts a gloom over the household; 
while a smile, like a gleam of sunshine, may light up the dark- 
est and weariest hours. Like unexpected flowers which spring- 
up along our path, full of freshness, fragrance and beauty, so 
the kind words, and gentle acts, and sweet dispositions, make 
glad the home where peace and blessings dwell. No matter 

how humble 
the abode, if it 
le thus gar- 
nished with 
g race and 
sweetness, with 
kindness and 
smiles, the 
heart will turn 
yearningly to- 
ward it from all 
the tumult of 
the world, and 
home, if it be 
ever so homely, 
will be the dear- 
est spot beneath 
the circuit of 
the sun. 

And the influ- 
ences of home 
perpetuate 
themselves. 
The gentle 
grace of the 
mother lives in 
her daughters 
long after her 
head is pillow- 
ed in the dust 
of earth; and 
fatherly kind- 
ness finds its 
echo in the nu- 
bility and cour- 
tesy of sons who 
come to wear 
Lis mantle, and 
U> lib his place; 
while on the 
Other hand, 
from an unhap- 
py, misgovern- 
ed and disor- 
dered home, go 
forth persons 
who shall make 
other homes 
E LL. — See Next Page. miserable, and 

perpetuate the sourness and sadness, the contentions, and 
strifes an I railings, which have made their own early lives so 
wretched and distorted. 

Toward the cheerful home the children 
and as doves to their windows," while from the 
the abode of discontent, and stril'e, and trouble 
as vultures to rend their prey. 



gather "as clouds 
home which is 
they fly fort! 





56 



CT IT "V IE 2T I L IE USTSTBTJCTOR 




TIHIIE (DTLGTLJ^ELJD "WELL. 



See Illustration Page 55 




Two little sisters, pale and weak, 

From London's city went, 
To sojourn with a loving aunt 

Amid the hills of Kent. 

Their gentle ways and pleasant words 

Won love from all around; 
For them in every rural toil 

Some new delight was found. 

With Ann they went to look for eggs, 

With Robert to the fold; 
Or fed the chickens in the yard 

With corn like shining gold. 

A draw-well in the orchard stood, 

Wide, dark, and very deep, 
Down which, in trusty Robert's care, 

The children loved to peep. 

Such water, sparkling, cold, and pure, 

They never drank before. 
Each day they quaffed its crystal flood, 

And liked it all the more. 

They loved to see it in the troughs 

Rise dancing to the brim; 
And young lambs drink, and little birds 

Perched gaily on the riin. 

And when (he well was closed and locked, 

And Robert went elsewhere, 
They played beneath the orchard trees, 

And loved to linger there. 

There, too in summer afternoons, 

Their aunt would sit and sew, 
And tell them many pleasant things 

That children like to know. 

They learned to know the blackbird's note, 

And when the swallows came; 
And of each pretty hedgerow flower, 

The place of growth and name. 

She told them how the chill, white mists 

That o'er the valley spread, 
Rose up to form the fleecy clouds 

Which floated overhead. 

How from the clouds the rain is poured 

In cool, refreshing showers, 
And from the heaven soft dews descend 

To cheer the thirsty flower:-. 

How the hriorht drops sank through the earth, 

And gathered underground 
In hidden springs, for reaching which 

Deep wells were needful found. 

And bow the Savior, when on earth, 

By Jacob's well sat down, 
And asked for drink of one who came 

For water from the town. 

Poor woman, full of sin and shame, 

She heard His words of love; 
And Jesus gave her soul to drink 

Of mercy from above. 

So summer passed, and autumn brought 

Ripe apples, rosy red; 
And nuts and berries in the woods, 

A tempting feast, were spread. 



Bright rosy cheeks and beaming eyes 

Looked brightly from the door, 
When dear papa from town arrived 

To take them home once more. 

But first they showed him round the farm — 

Barn, dairy, yard and fold; 
And kindly said a last good-by 

To servants, young and old 

The next day in the rushing train, 

O'er hill and dale they flew, 
Delighted at the thought of home, 

Yet almost sorry too. 

And often in their London home 

The twilight hour was spent 
In talking of their pleasant stay 

Amid the hills of Kent: 

Of birds, of flowers, of new mown hay; 

But most they loved to tell 
Of how they played and what they learned 

Beside the orchard well ! Aunt Jane. 



j± little biieiro 



A Soldier's widow once lived in a little hut, near a mountain 
village of the Alps. Her only child was a poor cripple. 
He was a kind-hearted boy. He loved his mother, and would 
.gladly have helped her to bear the burdens of poverty; but his 
feebleness forbade it. He could not even join in the rude 
sports of the young mountaineers. At the age of fifteen years 
he felt keenly the fact that he was useless to his mother and 
the world. 

It was at this period that Napoleon Bonaparte had decreed 
that the Tyrol should belong to Bavaria, and not to Austria, 
and sent a French and Bavarian army to accomplish his 
purposes. The Austrians retreated. The Tyrolese resisted 
valiantly. Men, women and children, of the mountain land, 
were filled with zeal in defence of their homes. 

A secret arrangement existed among the Tyrolese, by which 
the approach of the enemy was to be communicated by signal 
fires from village to village, from one mountain hight to 
another; and combustible materials were laid ready to give an 
instant alarm. 

The village in which Hans, the crippled boy, and his mother 
lived was in the direct line of the route the French army 
would take; and the people were full of anxiety and fear. All 
were preparing for the expected struggle. The widow and her 
crippled son alone seemed to have no part but to sit still and 
wait. "Ah, Hans," she said, one evening, "it is well for us 
now that you can be of little use; else they would make a 
soldier of you." This struck a tender chord. The tears 
rolled from his cheek. "Mother, I am useless," cried Hans, 
in bitter grief. "Look round our village — all are busy, all 
ready to strive for home and fatherland; I am useless. Why 
was I made, Mother?" 

"Hush, Hans," said his mother; "you will live to find the 
truth of our old proverb — 'God has his plan for every man.' ' 

Easter holidays, the festive season of Switzerland, came. 
The people lost their fears of invasion in the sports of the 
season. All were busy in merrymaking — all but Hans. He 
stood alone on the porch of his mountain hut, overlooking the 
village. 

Toward the close of Easter-day, after his usual evening 
prayer, in which he breathed the request that the Father of 
mercies would, in his good time, afford him some opportunity 





J" TT "VIE IN" I LIE IITSTEUCTOB 




the 
was 
but 



of being useful to his mother and to others, he fell into a deep 
sleep. 

He awoke in the night, as if from a dream, under 
strong impression that the French and Bavarian army 
approaching. He could not shake off this impression; 
with the hope of being rid of it, he arose, hastily dressed 
himself and strolled up the mountain path. The cool air did 
him good, and he continued his walk till he climbed to the 
signal-pile. Hans walked round the pile; but where were the 
watchers? They were nowhere to be seen, and perhaps they 
were busied with the festivities of the village. Near the pile 
was an old pine tree; and in its hollow stem the tinder was laid 
ready. Hans paused by the ancient tree; and, as he listened, 
a singular sound caught his attention, now quickened by the 
peculiar circumstances in which he found himself, and by the 
perception that much might depend on him. He heard a 
slow and stealthy tread, then the click of muskets, and two 
soldiers crept along the cliff. Seeing no one, for Hans was 
hidden by the old tree, they gave the signal to some comrades 
in the distance. 

Hans saw instantly the plot and the danger. The secret of 
the signal pile had been revealed to the enemy; a party had 
been sent forward to destroy it; the army was marching to 
attack the village. With no thought of his own peril, and 
perhaps recalling the proverb his mother had quoted, he seized 
the tinder, struck the light, and flung the blazing turpentine 
brand into the pile. 

The two soldiers, whose backs were then turned to the pile, 
waiting the arrival of their comrades, were seized with fear; 
but they soon saw there were no foes in ambush; only a single 
youth running down the mountain path. They fired, and 
lodged a bullet in the boy's shoulder. Yet the signal fire was 
blazing high, and the whole country would be aroused. It was 
already aroused from mountain top to mountain top. The 
plan of the advancing army was defeated, and a hasty retreat 
followed. 

Hans, faint and bleeding, made his way to the village, 
people, with their arms, were mustering thick and fast, 
was consternation. The inquiry was everywhere heard: 
lighted the pile?" "It was I," said at last a faint, almost 
expiring voice. Poor crippled Hans tottered among them, 
saying, "The enemy, the French were there." He faltered 
and sank upon the ground. "Take me to my mother," said 
he; at last I have not been useless." 

They stooped to lift him. "What is this?" they cried; "he 
has been shot. It is true; Hans the cripple has saved us." 
They carried Hans to his mother, and laid him before her. 
As she bowed in anguish over his pale face, Hans opened his 
eyes and said, "It is not now, dear mother, you should weep 
for me; I am happy now. Yes, mother, it is true, 'God has 
his plan for every man. ' You see He had it for me, though 
we did not know what it was." 

Hans did not recover from his wound; but he lived long 
enough to know that he had been of use to his village and his 
country; he lived to see grateful mothers embrace his mother — 
to hear that she would be revered and honored in the commu- 
nity which her son had preserved at the cost of his own life. 

Great emergencies, like those which met Hans, cannot exist 
in the history of all. To all, however, the Tyrolese motto may 
speak, and all may experience its truth. There is work thi- 
every one to do, if he will but look out for it. — Selected. 

o ^ »» 



The 

All 

Who 




He who chases a shadow will never catch it, and will only 
weary himself; so with he who pursues a slander. 






THE mantis is a pretty insect, with a long slim body, large 
wings, and very bright colors. It lives on live insects — 
seizing its prey as it passes by. It rests generally on shrubs, 
remaining for hours together perfectly still, the better to deceive 
other insects which are to become its victims. The manner in 
which it holds its long front legs, raised like arms to heaven, 
has caused various ignorant people to have superstitious notions 
about this insect, and explains the singular name given to it of 
praying mantis. In the eyes of the French peasants, the man- 
tis is almost sacred, and the different kinds fouud in Fran?e are 
known by such names as nun, saint, preacher, suppliant, men- 
dicant, etc. 




Caillaud, the traveler, tells us that in Central Africa this 
insect is an object of worship. According to Sparmann it [ a 
also worshiped by the Hottentots in southern Africa. 



Tue Telescope. — A spectacle-maker's boy, amusing himself 
in his father's shop, by holding two glasses between his finger 
and thumb, and varying the distance, noticed that the weather- 
cock of the church spire opposite seemed to be much larger than 
usual, and apparently much nearer. This excited the wonder 
of the father, and led him to make additional experiments, and 
thence resulted that astonishing instrument, the telescope, as 
invented by Galileo, and perfected by Herschell. This is only 
one instance, among thousands, that show how great effects 
may result from small causes. 





58 



JTJVE1TILB Il^STBUCTOB 




pimditfiui and %n»wtt§> 

OUST THE BIBLE. 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 




LESSON LVI. 

Q. — "What happened to the broad that was kept till the next 
imorning? 

A. — It bred worms, and stank. 

Q. — How did Moses feel toward those who kept the bread over 
the time? 

A. — He was wroth with them. 

Q. — How much bread did they gather on the sixth day? 

A. — Twice as much. 

Q.— Why did they do so? 

A. — Because the following day was the Sabbath. 

Q. — Did the broad stink and have worms by being kept over till 
the Sabbath day? 

A.— No. 

Q. — Did any go out on the Sabbath day to gather manna? 

A. — Yes, some of the people. 

<J. — What was the result? 

A. — They found none. 

Q. — Wliat did the people do on the seventh day? 

A. — They rested. 

<J. — How many years did the children of Israel eat manna? 

A. — Forty years. 

Q. — Whore d'd the children of Israel next pitch their tents? 

A. — In Rephidim. 

Q. — What was there lacking in that place? 

A. — There was no water for the people to drink 

Q. — What did the people do? 

A. — They murmured against Moses. 

Q.— What did Moses do? 

A. — He cried unto the Lord. 

LESSON" T.VU. 

Q. — What did the Lord say unto Moses? 

A. — He told him to go before the people and take the rod with 
which he smote the river. 

Q. — What was Moses to do with the rod.' 

A. — To smite the rock in Horob. 

Q. — What did the Lord promise if Moses did this? 

A. — That he would stand before Moses ai that place, and water 
should come forth that the people might drink. 

Q. — In the sight of whom did Moses do as the Lord had com- 
manded him? 

A. — The elders of Israel. 

Q. — Who came to fight with Israel? 

A. — Amalek. 

Q. — Whom did Moses call upon to choose men to fight with 
Amalek? 

A. — .Joshua. 

Q. — What did Moses say he would do while they were fighting? 

A. — He would go on the top of the bill with the rod of God in 
his hand. 

Q. — Who went up to the top of the hill with Moses? 

A. — Aaron and Hur. 

Q. — What occurred when he held up his hand? 

A. — Israel prevailed. 

Q. — What occurred when lie let down his hand'' 

A. — Amalek prevailed 

Q. — What did Aaron and nur do, when they found this was 
the case'' 

A. — They took a stone and put it under Moses and lie -at 
thereon. 

Q.— What else did they do? 

A. — They hold up his hands, one on each side of him. 

Q. — For how long a time? 

A. — Until the going down of the sun. 



tfjties lions m\i jLnsirera 

OUST TBZE 

book: ob :m: o b i& o nsr . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



Q.- 

river 
A. 

Q- 

A. 

Q- 

A. 

Q. 

A. 

Q 

A. 

Q- 

A. 

ture: 

Q- 
A. 

Q. 

who 

A. 

Q. 

A. 

Q- 

A. 
A. 

Q. 

did? 

A. 



LESSON LTI. 

-What came to pass when all the Nephites had crossed the 
Sidon? 

—The Lamanites and Amlicites fled before them. 
—Where did they flee? 

— Towards a wilderness which was to the north and west? 
— Did the Nephites pursue them? 
— Yes; and slew many. 
— What was this wilderness called? 
— Hermounts. 

—By what was part of this wilderness infested? 
— By wild and ravenous beasts. 

—What became of many of these Lamanites and Amlicites? 
— They died of their wounds and were devoured by the vul- 
? and beasts. 

— How many Nephites were slain? 
— There were so many that they were not numbered. 
—What did the Nephites do with the bodies of their brethren 
were slain? 
— They buried thorn. 
—What did thoy do next? 
— They returned to their homes. 
— Had any of their families been slain? 
— Yes. 

How were the Amlicites distinguished from the Nephites? 

They did not have their heads shorn. 

Did they mark their foreheads with red like the Lamanites 



-Yes. 



t.ksson i.vir. 



Q.— Why were the skins of the Lamanites dark? 

A.— It was a curse brought upon their fathers? 

Q.— Why was this? 

A —Because of their transgression and rebellion against their 
brethren. 

Q- — Who were their brethren? 

A. — Nephi, Jacob, Joseph and Sam. 

Q- — Who were the fathers of the Lamanites? 

A. — Laman, Lemuel and the sons of Ishmael. 

0-— How did the Amlicites fulfill the words of the Lord in thus 
marking themselves? 

A.— The Lord said to Nophi, "I will put a mark upon him that 
fighteth against thee and thy seed." 

Q.— A few days after the battle in the land of Zarahemla what 
occurred? 

A.— Another army of Lamanites came in ai.d attacked the 
Nephites. 

Q. — Where was this? 

A.— At the same place where the first army met the Amlicites. 

Q.— What did the Nephites do? 

A.— They sent an army to drive them out of the land. 

Q. — Did Alma go with this army? 

A.— No. 

Q.— Why not? 

A. — He was afflicted with a wound. 

Q.— What did this army of Nephites do? 

A.— They slew many of the Lamanites and drove the rest out 
the land. 

Q.— What did thoy then do? 

A.— They returned and peace was established in the land. 

Q. — In what year did these wars occur? 

A. — In the fifih year of the reign of the judges. 





CTTT^rEZtTIXjIE I1TSTBUCTOB 



59 




S XT ILT 3D .A. 3T LESSONS. 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



Editor Juvenile Instructor, 

Under this head we design publishing a book of 
questions and answers, suited to the use of the youngest attend- 
ants of Sabbath Schools throughout this Territory. But as some 
time will necessarily be taken up in procuring and arranging a 
sufficient amount of suitable matter for the work, lessons calcu- 
lated to fill its pages will, for the present, be given to the little folks 
through their own Instructor. It is, we believe, the general 
desire to have the books which are commonly used in the day- 
schools discarded from the Sabbath Schools, and more appropriate 
lessons introduced instead. The Bible, Book of Mormon, Doc- 
trine and Covenants, Juvenile Instructor, Jacques' Catechism 
and other standard church works, furnish lessons applicable to 
all grades of the more advanced pupils. While for the alphabet 
and primer classes, and thosj. of the first and second readers, there 
has been much lack of simple lessons appropriate for the Sabbath 
School. It will readi'y be seen that for this work, the words, 
sentences, and lessons must be very short and simple, in order 
that the child of four or five years may easily comprehend their 
meaning, and not become discouraged in trj ing to commit them 
to memory. And that the book may possess the charms and inilu- 
ence necessary to attract and favorably impress the infant mind, 
it is designed to introduce suitable lessons on a great variety of 
subjects. Ail Latter-day Saints, taking active interest in Sabbath 
Schools, are respectfully invited to contribute to the pages of this 
little work. And we. having been, by proper authority, appoin- 
ed a committee to superintend the preparation of the same, will 
endeavor to faithfully perform our part by carefully selecting and 
arranging that which, in our judgment, will he best suited to the 
work. All communications on the subject may be handed or 
addressed to 

Geo. Goddarp, 

H. P. Richards, or 

L. Greene Richards, Salt L,ake City. 



lesson first. 

Question. — "What has God made to give us light by day? 

Answer. — The sun. 

Q.— What has He made to give light by night? 

A. — The moon and stars. 

Q.— Who is God? 

A. — Our Heavenly Father. 

Q. — What is the name of the Son of God our elder brother? 

A. — Jesus Christ. 

Q. — What was the name of Jesus' mother? 

A.— Mary. 

Q. — What kind of a house was Je^us born in? 

A. — A stable. 




How Many Words we Use. — The latest editions of Web- 
ster's and Worcester's dictionaries contain between one and two 
hundred thousand words; but, fortuuately, nine-tenths of these 
are seldom used. It is remarkable how small a selection satis- 
fies the wants of the best writers and speakers. A contem- 
porary says: — "An educated Englishman, who has been at a 
public school and at the university, who reads the Bible, his 
Shakespeare, and his newspaper, seldom uses more than 3,000 or 
4,000 words in actual conversation. Close reasoners and 
thinkers, who avoid general expressions, and wait for the word 
that exactly fits the meaning, employ a. larger stock, and 
eloquent speakers may rise to the command of 10,000 words. 
Shakespeare produced all his plays with 15,000 words. Mil- 
ton's works are built up with 8,000, and the Old Testament 
s all it has to say with 5.642 words. 






POETICAL PUZZLE. 



BY JOSEPH BARBER. 



"My beautiful first, I love thee well — 
Better than words are able to tell; 
Better than pen of mine can write; 
Ne'er art thou absent from my sight. 
By morn or noon, by night or day, 
I think of thee, near or far away." 
Thus a lover of noble mien 
Sang his love for his heart's queer. 

"My charming second, I love thee well- 
Better than words of mine can tell; 
Better than jewels or than gold; 
And I love thse best when thou art old." 
This an epicure, jolly and stout, 
Trolled aloud as he rambled about. 

"My prosperous whole, I love thee well- 
Better than pen of mine can tell. 
Within thy bounds I first saw light; 
Within thee I learned to read and write; 
And in thee I loved and was beloved; 
And from thee I never yet have roved." 
Thus an Englishman, brave and strong, 
Carolled as he strolled along. 



The answer to the Charade in No. 2 is NEVKRTIIELESS. 
We have received coirect answers from G. R. Lang, A. H. 
Cannon, Emma S. Brower and Margaret E. Letham, Salt Lake 
City, and Thos. Y. Stanford, Ogden. 



For the Boys. — Henry Ward Beecher lias written this: I 
never saw anybody do anything that I did not watch him and 
see how he did it, for there is no telling but that some time I 
might have to do it myself. I was going across a prairie; lrry 
horse began to limp. Luckily, I came across a blacksmith's 
shop, but the smith was not at home. I asked the woman of 
the house if she would allow me to start the fire and make the 
shoe. She said I might if I knew how. So I started the fire 
and heated the |,shoe red-hot and turned it to fit my horse's 
foot, and parted the hoof, and turned the point of the nails out 
cunningly, as I had seen the blacksmith do, so that in driving 
into the hoof they should not go into the quick, and shod the 
horse. At the next place I went to, I went straight to a smith 
and told him to put the shoe on properly. He looked at the 
horse's foot and paid me the greatest compliment I ever 
received in my life. He told me if 1 put on that shoe I had 
better follow blacksmithing all my life. Now, I never should 
have known how to do this if I had not looked on and seen 
others do it. 



Civility is a Fortune. — Civility is a fortune itself, for a 
courteous man always succeeds well in life, and, that, too, when 
persons of ability sometimes fail. The famous Duke of .Marl 
borough is a case in point. It is said of him, by one contem- 
porary, that his agreeable manners often converted an enemy 
into a friend, and by another, that it was more pleasing to be 
denied a favor by his grace, than to receive one from any other 
man. The gracious manner of Charles flames Fox preserved 
him from dislike, even at the time when he was, politically. 
the most unpopular man in the kingdom. The world's history 
is full of such examples of success obtained by civility. To 
men it is what beauty is to women — a letter of introduction 
Written in language that every one understands. 









i 





GO 



JTJVE1TILE IKTSTBTJOTOB 




CO 



h3 

fin 



'TIS SWEET TO MINGLE "VOICES. 

Words by A. Dalrymplk. Music by E. Beeslky. 

Moderato: __ m 



m^ 



zr 



-» — , — i- 



^^E^Eg=f 



'Tis sweet to mingle 




voices where do J' s spirit -Prompts the strain; When 



ie£ 



!E$l~EEr?=: 



zf=:p=ff=p- 



-m — *» — |*- 






-•- -i* 



-i» — i*- 



-J- 



— » J ■ j i rt - 



-3 



I 
each glad heart can 



P^F 



-£=£- 



i 
say 



=^ J 2= 



^ i 

a - men Our 




:fl»= 



wor - ship's not in 



-• w- 

I I 



=t: 



:*= 



lh 




3EEg^£ 



worship's not in 



_J- 



E^F 



^- 



S=S 



fain.Oi 



worship's not in 



feSE 



= 3 — i — fl -— f— I — « 1 1 

E§ESEBE*i3=S=fEE£ 

vain. When each glad heart can 



i 



^^ 



i 

say 



~F" 
i 

a 



Eg=jfg=j: 



men Our 

1 1 



worship s 



not in 



--F 



Then let us now, with one accord, 

Unite in sacred song, 
To call by faith upon the Lord, 

That he our joys prolong. 



=f= 



-&Z 



Yea, may His Spirit deign to meet 
And prompt each action here, 

That we may all each other greet 
And His great name revere. 



Wi#vt£%$im&tnt\ 



^ 




Spanish Fork, Utah Co., 

February 14, 1874 
Editor Juvenile Instructor. 

Dear Sir: — Yesterday a social party was given 
exclusively to the Sunday School scholars of our city: 

Having no hall large enough to accommodate the whole at one 
time, the guests were content to engage in entertainment by 
intervals. At 12 o' cluck, m., all the scholars under thirteen years 
of age, numbering 118 couples, .joined in adance, which continued 

till 5-30, p. in. An g U)'- spectators were Presidents Wilkins 

and Robertson, one of whom remarked that it was the most inter- 
esting sight he had witnessed. The earni stness, simplicity and 
innocence with which the joyful juveniles hopped like so many 
happy birds, and promenaded to the lively music afforded me 
more gratification than an ordinary play in a theatre. At the 
close of the afternoon's exercises, an appreciative youth proposed 
a vote of thanks to the committee of arrangements, floor-manager, 
musicians, callers, waiters and door-keeper-, which was responded 
o by an unanimous aye. 

From 7 p.m. till 2 o'clock this morning the house was occupied 
by scholar- win. had arrived at the age of thirteen or upwards; 



numbering one hundred and twenty couples. Their entertain- 
ment consisted of dancing, recitations, songs and instrumental 
music, which went off in a style and order creditable to the com- 
mittee of arrangements, to the musicians and all who took active 
parts therein; and to the entire satisfaction of every individual 
present. Yours Very Respectfully, 

THOS. C. M.ARTELL. 



-»-»-- 



In the long run, a tried and proved character for truth, honor, 
and honesty is the best capital and gives the largest interest. 

vJU-^TEISriljE I1TSTBTJOTOE/ 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CfORCE Q C»NN"», "Oiros A. PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2 00. 

^~Office in rear of General Tithing OtEce Building, Corner 
South and East Temple Streets, Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
"Editor Juvenile Instructor." 




