



tS 



VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUKDAY, MARCH 2, 1872. 



NO. 5. 



HiE-winsra- tsie oeidak^s o^^ ijEB^:isroisr. 



p^. 



SOLOMON, Kiug of Israel, son of the psalmist David, we 
are informed in the Bible, built, to the name of the Most 
High, one of the most magnificent temples that ever was reared. 
It was made almost wholly of choice cedar wood, marble and 
gold. In its erection a perfect army of laborers and workmen 
were employed, and the time occupied in building it, from the 
commencement to the finish, was seven years. The cedar wood 
had to be hauled for several hundred miles most of the way by 



and sandalled feet. It can hardly be supposed that the moun- 
tains and canons of Lebanon were such nice smooth places as to 
render such attire as this proper to work in while there; it is far 
more likely that they were pretty rough — something like the 
Utah canons, and nobody would think of going there dressed as 
these men are in the picture. It is very probable, however, 
that the artist who drew this engraving, never .saw a canon, aud 
had no idea of what kind of places they are ; but knowing that 




sea; for it was obtained from the mountains of Lebanon, whi(;h 1 it is the custom to wear very light clothing in eastern lands, he 
are in Syria, the most northern portion of Palestine, or the | has arrayed his mountaineers in tlio same fashion : and, his 
Holy Land, while the temple was at Jerusalem. Our engraving [ sketch, being purely imagiuar.v, his ignorance is very excus- 
this week claims to be a representation of the king's men, i able, 
logging in the canons of the Syrian mountains. Many of the But without paying any attcntidn to the truthfulness or other- 



jureuUes and youth of Utah are pretty well acquainted with 
canon life, but we do not think they ever saw men chopping 
timber there, dressed in loo.se flowing garments, with bare legs 



wise of this picture, it is certain that logging in the canons jind 
mountains was as well known to many men in the days of King 
Solomon as it is to many in Utah to-day ; for by reading the 



i^^ 






34: 



CTTJ'VEISriLEl XlSrSTT^JJGTOlEt. 



fifth chapter of the first book of Kings, you will find that a very 
large number of men ■were employed in this business, getting 
cedars for the temple. The Latter-day Saints have already 
built several temples to the name of tlie Lord, and the founda- 
tion for a very magnificent one is now laid in Salt Lake City. 
They are the only religious body now known in Christendom 
who believe in building temples to the Most High. But 
ancient Israel seem to have attached as much imjiortance to 
this as the members of the Church of Jesus Christ in these 
days. 

The very short history of the building of the temple of 
Solomon to be found in the fifth and sixth chapters of the first 
book of Kings, is specially interesting to the Latter-day Saints. 
No pains, no expense, was spared ; no trouble was considered 
too great to acconijilish the work. The king, wc are told, 
raised a levy of thirty thousand men from all Israel, and sent 
them, ten thousand at a time, to Lebanon to hew down the 
cedars. They stayed and worked a month at a time, so that 
they had one month in the mountains and two at home, until 
the work was accomplished. Besides this thirty thousand, 
there were fifty thousand more engaged in the same business, 
for the Bible says King Solomon had in all four score thousand 
hewers in the mountains. Some of them, probably, were 
engaged hewing rock for the foundation. Besides these eight 
thousand hewers of wood and stone, there were seventy thousand 
others engaged in hauling the material from the mountains to 
the site of the temple at Jerusalem. This was in all a hundred 
and fifty thousand men — a great army to be engaged in cutting 
and hauling rock and wood to build a temple to the name of the 
Lord. Israel must have been very earnest in the work, or thci' 
never would have given .so freely of their time and means for 
its accomplishment. There were also thirty-one hundred others, 
whose business it was to superintend the labors of this great 
body of workers; and notwithstanding all this effort, and 
intense earnestness it took seven years to build the 
temple. The Israel of Solomon's time were deservedly 
blessed in this great labor, for they showed by faith, 
works and sacrifice that they were determined to serve the 
Lord. 

But great as were the difficulties they had to contend with 
in rearing their temple, they were not gieatcr than those which 
[he Latter-day Saints have had to overcome in building theirs. 
If I.sracl in former days were earnest in enduring trials and 
making sacrifices in building a temi)le to the Most High, so 
have been the Israel of the latter days. The circumstances of 
the two people were very different, but no people ever showed 
greater earnestness and determination, endured severer trials, 
nr njade greater sacrifices than the Latter-ilay Saints, in build- 
ing temi)les to the name of the Lord. They did not have to 
haul their material for hundreds of miles, after having purchased 
it from a foreign power, as Solomon and his subjects did; but 
their faithfuhiess to the cause of God, has been tested 
an keenly as was the faith of ancient Israel, for in 
.'^ickiie.''s and iwvcrly surrounded by bloodthirsty enenjies 
much more numerous tlian they themselves, modern Israel has 
labored for months together, witii their arms ready to defend 
thi-njselve.s in ca.se r)f attack, erecting temples to the name of 
the Lord their '.iod ; and notwithstanding these obstacles, suc- 
cess has crowned their effort.s. 

Nothing' buta knowled'-'e of the L'reat importance of such a work 
would have induced eitlier forujer or latter-day Israel t<j endure 
such a tax; but they know that oidy in the temples of the 
I/ird could ordinances be performed and blessings obtained 
which were indispiMisable to the eternal happiness and exalta- 
timi of the human family, whether in the i)ast, present or 
future; and this exjilains tlic willingness of the people of God 
to erect theui when tiny have been rii|uired to do .so, no matter 
how great the labor or the .Siicrificc they have had to jjcrform 
or make in so doing. 



h: 



TSTOK.Y OIF 

G HI TJ I?. O H. 

{Continued.) 



THE 



1MIE committee from Quincy, after receiving the propositions 
. in writing, returned home, promising to present them to the 
citizens of Quiney who woiUd assemble in mass meeting for 
their consideration. 

On the 25th of September, J84j, Sherifl' Backenstos issued 
his fifth i^roclamation, in which he detailed many of the cruel 
and atrocious acts of the mob, and stated that though they had 
not returned to commit further outrage in the county, they 
were "brawling about the adjoining counties, the State of 
Missouri and Iowa Territory, circulating all kinds of false- 
hoods and misrepresentations, for the purpose of getting aid in 
order to recommence burning and mobbing." He also stated 
that many complaints had been made to him by "Mormons and 
anti-3Iormons" of cattle and other property having been stolen 
from them. He had exerted himself to ferret out the truth in 
regard to these cases, and though rumors were abundant that 
the Saints wore guilty of these deeds, he had invariably found 
that they were the sufferers and not the depredators. Of this, he 
said: ''Every one of those persons who report property stolen, 
who are not Mormons, are by no means regarded as enemies by 
them; but on the other hand, they have all denounced this 
mobbing and burning as most infamous. It is nothing more 
than reasonable to suppose that men who will burn houses, 
barns, grain and other propert.v, and who will drive and exter- 
minate the United States postmasters and other officers, from 
their offices and homes with force of arms, under the penalty 
of death, are none too good to steal cattle, horses, and sheep too. 
Men who are guilty of such danmable outrages, are hardened 
against all the tender feelings of human beings; the savages 
would shrink with horror at such base and cowardly acts as are 
characteristic of this mob faction. Again, why is it that the 
stealing of cattle and horses is confined in nearly every instance 
to those who ai'e opposed to the mobocrats? If the Mormons 
are guilty of these depredations complained of, is it not a 
remarkable circumstance that not a single hoof of all the cattle 
and horses that are alleged to have been stolon, were taken from 
any of those engaged in the mobbing; in every case, so far as I 
can learn, they were taken from persons oi)posed to this wicked 
proceeding of the mob party." 

The Sheriff also denounced Thomas C. Sharp, editor of the 
Warsaw Signal^ as a villain of the worst dye, and the state- 
ments of proceedings in the county ))ublishcd by him in the 
Sti/mil as infamous falsehoods. 

This same Sharp was without doubt one of the worst 
enemies the Saints had in those days. All the time during 
their troubles the colunms of the Signal were replete with the 
most glaring falsehoods concerning the acts of the Saints, and 
the editor through this medium did much towards urging on 
the uiDbbcrs to commit their deeds of crime. Maii.y of the 
statements made by him as also many of the rumors in circula- 
tion against the Saints gained credence even with many honest 
persons who were not |)er.sonaliy acfuiainfed with the facts. 
In fact, the po])ular pnjudice against the Saints was so strong 
that no amount of argument was rcr|nired to convince thous;inds 
of such per.sons that the "Mormons" were guilty of every imagi- 
nable crime. 

Families were now constantly arriving in Nauvoo from 
La llarpc and other isolated places for protection, and in 
Nauvoo arrangements wei'e being made for emigrating. Com- 
jianies were being organized, and comuiittees apiXjintiMi for 
deciding on what outfit would be rcfjuired by those who .should 
sally forth for the region west of tlii! Ilocky Mountains. 

(iiiviTiior Ford ordered that all bodies of troojis in the State 
should l)e dischargi'd except a small force to be commanded by 
Geiicral J. J. Hardin; and accordingly, on the lis th the small 



» 



— J^g^J 



vJTJ^EilN-ILE! IlSrSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



'^ 



35 



force of militia left at Carthage by the Sheriff to maintain 
peace were ordered home. 

On the 30th General Hardin, with four hundred troops, 
arrived in Nauvoo and awaited on the public square an inter- 
view with President Young, the Twelve Apostles and leading 
men of the city. Judge Stephen A. Douglas and Sheriff Back- 
enstoa, who also came with General Hardin, waited on President 
Young and informed him that it was hard to convince the 
public that the Mormons were not really the persons who had 
been doing the house burning in Hancock county, and that on 
this point they wished him to talk to General Hardin. He 
accordingly visited the General, who was surrounded by his 
troops and staff officers on the square. General Hardin read 
his orders from Governor Ford, which were to the effect that 
'he was to keep peace in Hancock county, even Lf it was neces- 
sary to place it under martial law to do so. He also stated that 
he wished to search for the dead bodies of two men who were 
last seen in Nauvoo, and who were supposed to have been mur- 
dered there. President Young assured him that he was wel- 
come to search for dead bodies or anything else if he chose to. 
The General then inquired if he knew anything concerning 
them, or of any crimes having been committed in Nauvoo. 
President Young replied that he knew of nothing of the kind, 
but that he had reliable information that some hundreds of 
houses had been burned and other property destroyed in the 
southern part of the county, and that if he would go there he 
would probably find the perpetrators. He tendered the Gen- 
eral the hospitality of the city and invited him to stay at his 
house. The General, however, did not accept the invitation, 
but answered that he always stayed in camp. 

The Temple, the Masonic Hall, the Nauvoo House and the 
stables of the Mansion House were then searched by General 
Hardin and his troops, for the ostensible purpose of finding 
the dead bodies spoken of. They found in the Masonic Hall, 
not dead bodies, but — about forty barrels of wild grape wine, 
which they fondly lingered about and devoted considerable 
attention to. While searching the stables of the Mansion 
House, they found where a quantity of blood had been spOled, 
and immediately summoned the landlord and demanded an 
explanation. He readily explained that a sick horse had been 
bled there, and showed them the horse. The General and 
Judge Douglas then thrust their swords into the manure, as if 
they expected to find dead bodies buried there. A. W. Babbit, 
who stood by at the time, asked ironically if they thought the 
people of Nauvoo were so foolish as to bury dead bodies in the 
manure, when they could so easily throw them into the Miss- 
issippi river, which was but a few rods distant. 

After the General and his troops had given up the search, 
they marched out and encamped on the south side of the city. 
Shortly afterwards a citizen named Caleb Baldwin was arrested 
and taken to the camp to be questioned in regard to crimes com- 
mitted. Most of the questions asked him seemed to indicate that 
the ofiicers were very anxious to learn where the bodies of 
Joseph and Hyrum Smith were buried. This would go to 
prove, as was doubtless the case, that one object of their visit 
to Nauvoo was to really find out the place of their burial. 

On the 1st of October General J. J. Hardin, Judge Stephen 
A. Douglas and J. A. McDougal, Attorney General for the 
State, met in council with the leading men of Nauvoo. They 
conversed freely on the subject of the proposed removal, and 
Vancouver's Island and Oregon were suggested by the visitors 
as suitable places for the Saints to remove to. These officials 
afterwards requested by letter that the propositions be made out 
in writing that they might lay them before the Governor and 
people of the State. In reply the council in Nauvoo sent them 
a copy of the propositions submitted to the committee from 
Quincy, and added, that preparations were being made to remove 
previous to the late disturbances, and that companies had been 
organized for that purpose ; but they were hindered in their 



operations by the mobbing ; that they were determined to go to 
some place so far distant that they should neither infringe nor 
be infringed upon ; they would not sacrifice "their property, nor 
give it away, nor suffer it to be illegally wrested from them, 
though they should not find purchasers. In conclusion they 
said, ''If all these testimonies are not sufficient to satisfy any 
people that we are in earnest, we will soon give them a sign 
that cannot be mistaken — We will leave TiiE)r. 

General Hardin received a communication from Governor 
Ford in which he said: 

"I wish you to say to the Moi-mons for me, that I regret very mnch, 
lliat so much excitement and liati-ed against them sliould exist in the 
public miud. Nevertheless, it is due to truth to say that the public 
mind everywhere is so decidedly hostile to them that public opinion 
is not inclined to do them common justice. Every bad report against 
them is sjreedily swallowed, whilst nothing can be heard in their favor; 
under those circumstances I fear that they will never be able to live in 
peace with their neighbors of Hancock and the surrounding counties. 
There is no legal power in the state to compel them to leave and no 
such power will he exercised during my administration. 

"The spirit of the people, however, is up and the signs are very evi- 
dent, that an attempt will be made by the surrounding counties to 
drive them out. Such an attempt may fail once or even twice, hut if 
undertaken in earnest and persevered in it must linally succeed. Those 
who may think it wrong to drive out the Jlormons cannot be made to 
fight in their defense and indeed the people of the Stale will never tol- 
erate the expense of frequent military expeditions to defend them. 
The ilormons may think themselves stroni;' enough to defend them- 
selves ; but do they want to live in a state of continued war ? They 
may overcome their euemies; but those enemies will rally again, and 
murders will be commited and mischief done from this time out, as 
each party may luid itself able. 

"I desire that you will impress these facts upon the Mormons, and 
that you will counsel and promote peaceable means of accommodation 
whereby the Mormons may tie induced to leave the State. It is 
acknowledged by me that the State has no power to insist upon their 
removal, that it is a great hardship on them to remove from their 
comfortable homes and the property which they have accumulated by 
years of toil ; but is it not tietter that they should do so voluntarily 
than to live in a state of continual war i"' 

[To he conjoined.) 



CtiNNDfa OP THE Eaven. — The cunning of the raven is pro- 
verbial, as much in its domesticated state as in its wild condition. 
An anecdote which we think is not generally known will suffi- 
cientl.y exemplify the craftiness of this sable gentleman. It is 
told by Wood, the well-known writer on natural history: "One 
of these birds struck up a great friendship for a terrier dog be- 
longing to the landlord of an inn, and carried his friendship so 
far as to accompany his ally on little hunting expeditions. In 
these affaii-s, the two comrades used to kill an astonishing num- 
ber of hares, rabbits, and other game, each taking his own share 
of the work. As soon as they came to a covert, the raven would 
station himself outside, while the dog would enter the covert and 
drive out the hares from their concealment, taking care to send 
them in the direction of the watchful bird. On his part, the 
raven always posted himself close to one of the outlets, and so 
soon as any living creature passed within reach he would pounce 
upon it, and either destroy it at once, or wait until the dog came 
to his assistance, when; by their united efforts, the prey was 
soon killed. Kat hunting was a favorite sport with these strange 
allies, and it was s.-iid by those who witnessed their proceedings 
that the raven was even more useful than the ferret would have 
been." 



Good LAXGUA(iE.— l^oung people should acquire the habit 
of correct speaking and writing, and abandon, as early as possi- 
ble, any use of slang words or phrases. The longer you put 
this off, the more dilficult the acquirement of correct language 
will be ; and if the golden age of youth, the proper season for the 
acquisition of langirage, be jiassed in its abuse, the unfortunate 
victim will most probably be doomed to talk slang for life. You 
have merely to use the language which you read, instead of the 
slang you hear, to form a taste in agreement with the speakers 
and poets of the country. 



'^^^- 






^ 



*v^^, 



W 
36 



# 



cr TJ "V E ItTI L E I3SrSTI?.-CrOTOi?/. 



^: 



®|$ Stt&^ttiU itt$|pttclar» 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MARCH 2, 1872. 

EIDITOI^I-A.ILi THZOTJG-HITS. 




IIILDREN if you have read tlie twentieth 
chapter of the book of ExoduSj or if you 
have never read it, it will not harm you to 
do it now, for you will fiod there the ten 
comuiandmeiits given to the children of 
Israel froui Mount Sinai, during their jour- 
ney from Egypt to the Promised Land. 
Those commands and others given in that 
early age, and contained in the Bible, are 
the basis of what is called the criminal law 
of all Christian nations. It is good to remember 
'the ten commandments, and, bettor still, to 
observe them. One of these commandment," 
reads as follows: "Remember the sabbath da}', 
to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do 
all thy work : but the seventh day is the sabbath of 
the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any 
work," etc. 

Young folks, generally, if they were to think at all 
about this command, to do no work on the sabbath day, would, 
no doubt, be very willing to obey it ; but would they be as 
ready to koej) it holj' ? For the command is not only to do no 
work on that day, but to keep the day holy ; and one portion of 
the command is as binding as the other. The various religious 
sects of the Christian world profess to believe in this command, 
and the result is that Sunday is observed among them as a rest 
day, on which they attend church part ot the day, and rest the 
remainder. In many cases tliey are so strict in observing Sun- 
day that they not only cease from work themselves, but they 
compel their children to cease from play, and for that reason 
Sunday to most of the juveniles so treated is a very dull and 
uncomfortable time, for i>lay to children is as necessary as food ; 
they desire it about as much, and, by the zest which many of 
them share in their various games, they seem to enjoy it as 
much. 

So general is the practice of having one day of the week for 
rest, that there is i)robably not one civilized nation on the earth 
in which this practice does not prevail. The Jews observe the 
seventh day, or Saturday, as a rest day ; the Christians the 
first day of the week, or Sunday ; other nations have Tuesday, 
Wednesday, Thursday, and so on, according to the usage custom 
lias established amongst them, and it is said that among the 
various nations of the world, every day of the week is observed 
as a sabbath, or rest day. 

This cfmimaiid to keep holy the .sabbath day is as binding 
upon God's people now as iu the age in wiiich it was given, and 
it is just as binding upon those boys and girls who have reached 
an age to know right from wrong, as it is upon men and women. 
It will be Well to bear this in mind ; not that we think any effort 
should be made to prevent children playing or enjoying iMtiocent 
amusements on Sunday, and so make them pass the day in dis- 
comfort; but there are some things which some of the boys of 
Llah have done, which ought not t*; have been done; not 
bccau.se they are really wicked in themselves, but while such 
things arc done the .sabbath day is not kept so holy as it might 
be. 



What we are now about to say we wish it to be understood, 
is meant particularly for the boys. We do not know how many, 
or if any, of those who read the Juvenh-e Instructor, in any 
way neglect to keep the Sabbath day holy ; we hope and believe 
not many of them. If there are none, the reading of the "Edi- 
torial Thoughts" in this number will do them no harm; if any 
of them have hitherto failed to do so we hope that, hereafter, 
they wOl be more careful, and mil do nothing knowingly, to vio- 
late the command on this subject. There are many ways of vio- 
lating the sacredness of the sabbath. In the fifteenth chapter 
of the book of Numbers you m^ read of a man among the chil- 
dren of Israel who broke the sabbath by gathering sticks ; and 
the punishment inflieted upon him was death — the people stoned 
him until he died. Nobody would think of putting a man to 
death for such a small matter as that in these days ; but there 
are some things done iu violation of the command to keep holy 
the sabbath day that we wish briefly to refer to. We have 
heard of boys going a-shootingfor sport on Sundays, and believe 
this is not a very uncommon thing. Painful accidents some- 
times hai)i)en to those so engaged, and spending the sabbath in 
this manner is most certainly not keeping it holy; and no boy in 
Utah who understands that such a command is binding, and 
who has any reverence for,God's laws, and for his own standing 
as a Saint will be guilty of any such thing. 

Some will roam over the hills, go a bathing, go hunting stray 
animals, congregate in bye laties or streets and play at ball, mar- 
l.iles and other games on Sundays, and iu winter go sliding or 
skating without thinking they do the least Wrong; and there 
really is nothing wrong in these pastimes or amuseuients them- 
selves ; the wrong is in violating the sabbath. That day is 
intended for rest and worship, and it should be so observed by 
all who have reached an age to be accountable for their acts. 
The Sunday school and meeting house are splendid places for 
young folks to frequent during some portion of the day conse- 
crated as a rest day, for instruction is imparted there which is 
calculated to be of life-long benefit to those who receive it; and 
when not there all young folks, and the remark is equally appli- 
cable to the elder ones, should make it a rule to honor the day 
in a becoming manner. A well spent Sunday is good to look 
back upou and to think about, and the more of them in one's 
life the better. 

Boys and girls, if any of you have neglected to honor the 
sabbath in the past, resolve, henceforth, to keep it as it should 
be kept ; and not only so honor Sunday, but try to shun evil 
every other day as well as on the sabbath. Tliis is your duly, this 
is required of you, and only in this way can your whole lives be 
what they really ought U) be — a continual sabbath, sacred and 
consecrated to good works and the service of God. 



II(iw TO Kkkp a Situation. — Lay it down as a foundation 
rule, that you will "be faithful in that which is least." I'ick 
up the loose nails, bits of twine, dean wrapping paper, and put 
them in their places. Be ready to throw in an odd half hour 
or hour's time when it will be an accommodation, and don't seem 
to make a merit of it. Do it heartUy. Though not a word be 
said, be sure your emploj'cr will make a note of it. ]\Iakc your- 
self indispensable to him, and he will lose many of the opposite 
kind before he will part with you. Those young men who watch 
the tiuie to see the very second their working hour is up — -who 
leave, no matter what state the work may be in, at precisely the 
instant — who are lavish with their employer's soods will alwa.vs 
be first to ri^ceive notice that limes are (lull, and their services 
are no longer required. — Wurkimjiiuui. 



m'^^ 



ExrriUKNCE without learning docs more good than learning 
without exi)erieuce. 



lA&i 



'^^ 



O-TJ'VEItTini.E HsrSTI^TJOTOI^. 




THIE H:EE.0TJLES BEETLE!. 



THE beetle family have few friends, nearly everybody dislikes 
them, and, almost without exception, as soon as seen, the 
first impulse of the beholder is to kill them. This is because of 
their very unprepossessing appearance, and their peculiar 
habits. Most beetles are ugly, and as they hide up in day- 
light and crawl out of the holes and comers at night, every- 
body seems to fear them; not, really, because there is 
anything to fear, for although you may often see them running 
over the floors after dark, and sometimes getting into the cup- 
boards, you never hear of them doing any harm. They are 
disagreeable to look at, that's all, and because nature has denied 
them a beautiful or pleasant appearance, they seldom escape 
with life when seen. 

In the beetle family there are many varieties or species ; and 
this week we present you with a picture of one of the largest 
and most disagreeable looking of them all. The Hercules is 
really formidable in appearance, and of all who read this 
short account of him, there are very few who would not kill 
him if they could, if they were to see him. But really there is 
no reason why they should, for although he looks so ugly, and 
terrible, with his stout, strong horns, he is a harmless fellow. 
Like all the beetle family his habits are nocturnal, that is, he 
hides up in the day and crawls out and flies about at night. 




The scientific name of the branch of the beetle family to 
which the Hercules belongs is ''Dynastida?," which also includes 
the Elephant and the Atlas beetles, both massive and powerful 
insects, but less so than the Hercules. Hercules was a person 
famed among the ancient Greeks for his very great strength 
and because of the large size and powerful horn of this beetle, 
both supposed to be indicative of great strength, this name has 
been given to the beetle represented in the engraving. 

The Hercules beetle is a native of the South American forests 
and is generally about four inches long ; the giants of the tribe, 
however, sometimes reach five or six inches in length. Their 
dwelling places are mostly hollow trees, which they leave at 
night, and make a humming noise while on foot or on the wing. 
Their food is decaying wood and refuse vegetable matter. 

The head and limbs of the Hercules are jot black. The wings 
and body are smooth, and blue or brown in color, thewings being 
dotted with black spots. The engraving represents the male 
Hercules. On each side of his head, growing from the part 
between the head and body, you see a long stout horn ; some 
have a horn also growing from the front of the head. The 
female is about as large as the male, but is destitute of these 
appendages. 



If you could divest yourselves of the dislike that is so gener- 
ally felt for this class of insects, and, instead of killing them, 
would handle and examine them, you would find that, ugly and 
repulsive as they look, their structure and organization present 
many fine instances of nature's handicraft; and, as in all her 
works, she has taken special pains to adapt every part of the 
despised beetle so as to enable him to secure for himself the 
utmost protection and to provide for his wants with the greatest 
ease compatible with his habits and condition. 



THE STOK./3r OE "^TJ^EETsT- 



FKOM CHAMBERS' MISCELLANY, 



(Continued.) 



IN an instant the turkey puffed himself up, regarding with 
terror the red color mingled with his feathers, an ! after two 
or three unsuccessful attempts to disengage himself from the 
annoyance, became furious. Valentine was delighted at these 
essays ; but his joy was soon over. After struggling for some 
time with the piece of cloth, and finding that the annoyance was 
not to be removed in this manner, the silly turkey, believing 
that by flying he could escape the enemy, spread its wings, and 
hurried away, Valentine following its movements with anxiety. 
The turkey continued flying, but, unused to such fatigue, soon 
fell : the boy ran and took it up — it was dead ! 

Valentine then felt all the danger of his experiment. It was 
the most beautiful turkey of the entire flock. "What would 
Maclare say, or what excuse could he give him ? Alas ! he had 
not to wait long in suspense. As he returned sad and pensive, 
with the dead bird in his hand to where the remainder of the 
flock were feeding, he met his master. • 

"My turkey!" exclaimed Maclare; and seeing the piece of 
red cloth around the neck of the fowl, he added in anger : 
"Mischievous urchin 1 you have been again trying your experi- 
ments ; but as I have no idea of being any longer the victim of 
such a thirst for knowledge, get away with you, and never let 
me see you again." 

So saying, he snatched the turkey from Valentine, and 
pointing to the road, made a sign which could not be misunder- 
stood, and walked towards his cottage. 

in. 

It was in the year 1707, at the commencement of one of the 
severest winters on record; and notwithstanding the sharp 
frost and the snow which commenced to fall, A'alentine remained 
motionless by the side of the pond where his master had left him. 

"Come, exert yourself, Valentine 1" said he at length, speak- 
ing to himself, after a burst of grief at the thought of his for- 
lorn situation. "But where shall I go? To whom shall I 
present myself? Who will receive me, now that the farmer 
Blaclare has turned me away ? What shall I say to my poor 
mother ? Who will now give her anything to eat ? And the 
cure — the good cure — who always defended me when I was in 
trouble? I am an unfortunate ; and I have deserved it all. 1 
did not think any harm would come of my experiment. I have 
done wrong, and must suffer fur it— and all my weeping will 
not restore the turkey. Anthenay is not the imly village in 
France 1 God did not desert me when niy puur father died, and 
when I thought I was lost, perhaps He will not abandon me 
now: where there are villages there will bo farmers— where 
there are farmers there will be turkeys— and where there are 
turkeys a keeper will be required." 

Animated by this reflection, Valentine took the road lying 
before him, and without looking back, or turning either to the 
right hand or the left, quitted his natid village. 



'^^t- 



■^s^i^ 



38 



jtjve:n"ile xisTsrHiEtTraTOTt. 



99. 



Alas 1 how much suffering ■would he have been saved had he 
but kno'WTi that the farmer, ere he reached home, had regretted 
the haste with which he had dismissed the poor boy, and had 
gone in pursuit of him — had he but known that his mistress, 
Dame Jacqueline, had gone in search of him to his mother's, 
not forgetting to take the week's provisions with her; and so 
certain was she that he would seek his friends, that she had 
left injunctions to send him immediate!}' to her cottage, where 
everything would be forgiven. But Providence, without doubt, 
inspired the boy to take the route he did. 

After ti-aveling some days, passing thi-ough several villages 
and hamlets, and in each offering his services, and being always 
refused, as the night closed he found himself on the road lead- 
ing to the province of Brie. He was attacked with violent 
sjiasms in the head, and his limbs becoming almost stiff with 
the cold, he knocked at the first door he came to. It was that 
of a poor farmer whose wife had died a year previously, and 
who earned a scanty subsistence by cultivating a little plot of 
ground, and feeding some sheep, a number of which had been 
destroyed by the frost. 

"For charity, sir," said A'alentine in a feeble voice, his body 
nearly bent double, and shivering, "allow me to remain a short 
time in your cottage to rest and warm myself, for I am nearly 
frozen. Oh ! I suffer so much, I believe that I am dying." 

lie could say no more, and fell insensible at the feet of the 
farmer, who for a moment appeai'ed uncertain how to act. 

"Poor child 1" said he, raising him, "you are indeed a 
wretched object; but no matter; it shall not be said that old 
^lichael left an unfortunate being to perish at his door." As 
Valentine had not the power to raise himself, the old farmer 
took him in his arms into the stable where he kept his sheep, 
and laying him down amongst the heat of the peaceful animals, 
soon restored his frozen limbs. The next morning when the 
farmer rose, he went to look after the poor boy, but was 
shocked at the stat^ in which he found him. On examination 
he perceived that the boy was attacked with the malady which 
had caused his wife's death the previous year. 

'•Poor boy!" said he, "you have the small-pox, and I know 
not scarcely how to serve you. What can I give you, I that 
have scarcely enough to eat myself? These taxes and imposts 
have mined me ; they have taken all that I possessed, even the 
very beasts that assisted me in tilling the ground. If the cot- 
tage were my own, that too would have been taken, but it 
belongs to the proprietor of the farm. But no matter ; I shall 
do what I can — God will take pity on me." 

The eyes of the sick boy spoke the thanks which his tongue 
could not, and Michael, leaving him for a short time, soon 
return(;d with a bundle of old linen. Having taken off the 
clothes which Valentine wore, he enveloped him in the linen, 
and collecting a quantity of tlie manure which lay about the 
stable, he placed Valentine in the centre, and completely 
covered his body with it. Believing that he left him to die in 
peace, the farmer sought his daily occupation. 

Jlorning and evening he visited the child, each time expect- 
ing to find him a corjise ; but the manure, by causing copious 
pers])iration, had brought the eruption to the exterior, with no 
greater injury than a number of blotches, which ever after left 
their indeUble marks on his body. Though Valentine escaped 
from the effects of tlie frost and sickness, he ran a great risk of 
dying of hunger. 

One morning the farmer, with tears in his eyes, told Valen- 
tine that even tliis addition, little as it was, surpassed his means. 

''Then I have no other hope but to die !" said Valentine in a 
uioumful voice, and throwing a look of desolation upon the 
filthy covering altout him. 

"Though I am not able to give you food," said the farmer, 
"there are others who, I am sure, will do so. The cure, who 
lives a few miles from this place, is a good and diaritalde man, 
and I have no doubt will consent to receive vou. 



Freeing him from his unique covering, and wrapping wisps of 
hay around his limbs, he placed him on an ass, and taking care 
that he should not fall off through weakness, led him to the 
presbytery. He was there placed in bed, and by the attention 
of the cure was soon restored to health. Unhappily, the good 
man was not rich; and when he found Valentine completely re- 
covered, he gave him to understand that he wished him to go, 
and leave his place to be occupied by others who were even more 
unfortunate than he. 

(To be Continued.) 



>e<^^^<i 



tFor the Juvenilt Instructor, 



€|0m.i$|py ol €attttttott ®|ing$» 



C3-j^L'v.A.3sris:M:.-nsro. 2. 



GALVANIC and electrical phenomena are supposed to arise 
from the same cause, and both appear to bear a close rela- 
tion to heat and light. Friction develops heat and electricity ; 
Thales, who lived six hundred years before the Christian Era, 
observed that amber, when rubbed, possessed the property of 
attracting light bodies ; Dr. Gilbert, in 1600, proved that other 
bodies besides amber possess this property. Nearer to our own 
time it was discovered that a rotating disk of glass gathers 
electricity, when a cushion covered with amalgam is apphed to 
the surface; from that moment the electric machine had^a 
being, and electricity soon assumed the dignity of a science. 
Then came the great Dr. Franklin who proved the identity of 
lightning and the electric spark. 

In our day it is shown that if a current of electricity, of 
gradually increasing intensity, be sent through a wire of 
platinum — a very refractory metal, the wire becomes warm. 
This shows that heat results from electrical action. If the 
electric current continues increasing, the heat of the wire 
increases until at length it acquires a dull red color. As the 
current augments in power the heat and light increase ia 
intensity, until the brilliancy of the light is of the most dazzling 
whiteness. On examination, by the prism, it is found that 
hght thus produced is like that of the sun, subject to refraction 
in the same manner, producing the same colors and effects. 

But the great interest of these discoveries of the nature of 
the electric force is the aj/plication of them to the uses of man. 
Not only are substances chemically decomposed, their nature 
more perfectly understood, and results beneficial to man wrought 
out by discoveries relating to food, raiment, and everything 
essential to liis comfort, but his convenience, interest and 
enjoyment are increased by electricity. Two hundred years 
ago men puzzled themselves to ascertain the origin of electricity, 
now men apply themselves to its uses. We need not go out of 
our own Territory to discover the advantages of the "electric 
telegraph." For instance, the Deseret Telegraph has brought 
the extremities of Utah together, by electrical communication, 
and it is still extending advantages in every direction; and 
we have the dispatches published in our journals under the 
head of "Telegrams," bringing us in daily communication with 
all the world I To what grand dimensions has one idea grown! 
But a little while ago, all that was known of electrical science 
was that ' 'a piece of silver and a i)iece of lead in contact with 
each other and the tongue, produced a peculiar sensation!" 
This is the notice given so recently as in 1702, a small interval 
of time when compared with the discovery of Thales, of two 
thousand five hundred years since, and is a proof of the rapidity 
with which knowledge has increased in these days. 



=^1^* 



a-TJ^EI<TILEl IIsrSTi2.TJOTOIl/. 



-^^^ 



39 






It appears that, whatever may be the nature of electricity, 
galvaaism magnetism, or any of the kindred forces, the 
"electric action is without the surface of bodies." That is to 
say those bodies that are called "coaductors" of electricity do 
not convey it through the substance, but over the surface. 
Thus it happens that the extent of surface has a relation to the 
power of the apparatus, other conditions being equal. Paper gilt 
with gold, conducts as well and is as powerful as solid gold ; a 
bottle covered with foU, a kind of thin metallic paper, will 
retain as much electricity as stout metal would do. The 
"Leyden jar" is constructed on this principle, the outer and 
inner siu-faces are coated with foil, to which electricity is con- 
ducted as it is generated. 

By a simple contrivance the electric current is accumulated 
and detained in the jar which is "insulated;" that is, a non- 
conductor of electricity separates the jar from the earth. We 
may see the use of insulators on our telegraph poles ; the wires 
pass over a glass, gutta-percha, or other suitable^ material, to 
prevent the escape of electricity. The earth is the huge 
receiver that absorbs the currents of our tiny batteries, and of 
all other artificial electrical contrivances ; when the telegraph 
wires are disconnected from the poles and come in contact with 
any conductor they are said to be grounded ; no communication 
can then be made until they are again connected. 

There are many bodies known that may be used as insulators, 
but india-rubber and gutta-percha, gums that are very similar 
in chemical composition, are extensively used for insulators, 
especially for sub-marine purposes, such as the Atlantic 
Cable etc. 

The human body is very susceptible to the electric forces, 
but a very indifferent conductor of electricity ; much disturb- 
ance of the vital functions is produced, sometimes even death 
itself by electricity. The ancients were acquainted with the 
effects produced by the torpedo, an animal much hke the 
eel- they seemed to have had an idea also of the curative 
powers of electricity, for they applied the torpedo tothe human 
body to cure certain diseases. The power of this animal is now 
known to be electrical; it is named the ehdricus gymiiofiis for 
this reason. This animal has been frequently exhibited in our 
large cities ; sparks from the body of the eel, as well as shocks 
by touching it are among the curiosities of this exhibition. 
When this wonderful animal was exhibited at the Adelaide 
Gallery in London, upon one occasion the lecturer was inter- 
rapted 'by a man, who stated, flatly, that "it was all imposi- 
tion." The lecturer very good-humoredly asked the man to 
prove to the company the truth of his assertion, by handling the 
eel, and gave him permission to lift the eel out of the tub. The 
man, a powerful fellow, who appeared to be a butcher by his 
dress, threw off his coat, tucked up his shirt sleeves, and 
watched for a favorable opportunity to get a good hold of the 
slippery electrician. A large number of persons in the galleries 
having noticed something unusual going on below, rushed 
down to witness the sport. M were impatient for the result, 
except the eel who coolly awaited the moment of being handled. 
Into the tub went the hands and arms of the brawny butcher, 
and his head quickly followed; the elect rims f/ymno!>ts had 
given him a terrible shock. This animal appears to possess 
the power to discharge, at will, from the two extremities of its 
body, the electricity which it accumulates. The laws that 
govern electricity are modified in relation to organic beings, 
although the forces are the same. 

We have seen that the oxidation of metals creates, or 
accompanies galvanic action; m the electrical machine the 
oxidation of the metallic amalgam that covers the cushion pro- 
motes the development of electricity. Electricity and galvanism 
produce chemical action and decomposition. It seems that 
electric phenomena, however they may be excited, and however 
varied, are effects of common causes : chemical force in the cells 
of a liMM-y shows itself as electricity in the wires of the circuit; 



when this passes through the hehx, or coH it shows magnetism ; 
in passing through wires of platinum heat and light are mani- 
fested ; when it passes into the galvanometer, or measurer of 
electricity, it produces motion in the deflexion of the needle. 

L'nsceii forces, all of these, moving within us and round 
about us, pervading everything, of the existence and nature of 
which are only known by their effects. 

Beth, 



E 7^ E. T h: Q,"Cr ^ IC E S . 



[Concluded.) 

IN the year 1857 the city of Mexico was visited by one of these 
ten-ible convulsions of nature, and an immense amount of 
property destroyed ; and in 1859 the city of Quito, in Equador, 
one of the small South American states, was destroyed and many 
thousands of lives lost from the same cause. But probably the 
most terrible earthquake ever known on this continent, at least 
in historic times, occurred about three years ago in South Amer- 
ica extending through Chili, Peru and down almost to the south- 
ern limit of the continent. This was accompanied by fearful 
tidal waves, that is, the bursting of the sea beyond its bounds. 
By these means many towns and cities and a hundred thousand 
people were destroyed. 

In 1857, Vesuvius being then in eraption, the kingdom of 
Naples was visited by severe shocks, during which several town.« 
and nearly forty thousand people were destroyed. Seventeen 
hundred and ninety-seven years before that, sixty years after the 
birth of Christ, an eruption of this same volcano did great dam- 
age to the two cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum, and seven- 
teen years later another eruption comj)letely buried them both, 
and no trace of either was discovered until the year 1748, when 
some persons who were making some excavations, accidentally 
discovered the ruins of an ancient city, wliich was afterwards 
found to be Poilipeii. (Pronounce this word Pom-pay-ee.) 
Since then the Neapolitan government has made carefid explor- 
ations, and the thick coating of ashes, hardened like rock by 
time and pressure, which covered about one quai-ter of that ill- 
fated city has been removed, and travelers can now enter and 
travel through this portion of the entombed city, and gain a very 
correct idea of its streets and buOdings as they existed 180l» 
years ago. 

This city stood on the seashore, Vesuvius being about five 
miles distant in a northeasterly direction. A fertile plain 
spread from Pompeii to A'esuvius, on the borders of which 
were several small cities, one of them— HerciUaneum— having a 
worse fate even than Pompeii. 

It is difficult, perhaps impossible to imagine the feelings of 
awe which a visit to such a city would inspire. You see on 
every hand evidences of Koman civilization when in the height 
of its splendor and power. Here is a wine shop, on the 
counters of which are the marks of the drinking cups used by 
men and women eighteen centui-ies since. There is a bakery, 
and when the city was fii-st brought to light it contained loaves, 
baked by the Pompeians before destruction overwhelmed them. 
On the outside, and over the entrances of various buildings are 
signs, written in Latin, telling the callings and trades of tliose 
who occupied them when Titus, the conqueror and destroyer ol 
the city of Jerusalem, was Emperor of Kome, and when the 
famous historians Pliny the elder and Pliny the younger lived 
and flourished. Of course all these buildings show the devas- 
tating eflects of time, and of the terrible force which caused their 
destraction. Many of them, however, are in a good state of 
l)ieservation, but the utter abseuce of life and the deathly still- 
ness which prevaU everywhere strike with awe the traveler and 
explorer, and make him cager_ to emerge from the tomb ol a 
long buried people and civilization. 



.= 1) 






O'TJ ^ E IsT I L E IlsrSTI?.TJOTOie/. 



At the time of its destruction this city is said to have con- 
tained twenty -five thousand inhabitants, most of whom, as their 
city was five miles from the volcano, made their escape, only 
about thirteen hundred perishing. An English traveler who 
visited and explored Pompeii for a day or two, a few years 
since gives an interesting account of what he saw. He says 
the part cleared then was a strip of the city on the side of the 
sea. The wall which surrouuded it on the laud side had also 
been cleared. The first ruin they visited was that of an 
extensive villa, on the walls of which were the traces ol some 
very fine paintings, which had been nearly erased by exposure 
to the weather. In the cellar of this building, when found, 
were seventeen skeletons, and it is supposed that they had 
rushed hither in hopes of safety. The mud which had buried 
them up had hardened around them, and when opened there 
were impressions of their forms, like moulds of statuary. One 
of them was evidently a lady, for on the remains of her person 
were found rings, jewels, bracelets, etc. Near the villa was 
found the skeleton of a man, in whose hands -were keys and 
bags of money. 

One of the most interesting portions of the exhumed city is 
the street of tombs — the burying place of the Pompcians, lined 
with monuments to the dead, of handsome and solid masonry. 
Some of the monuments consist of small temples, others of 
columns, pilasters and mouldings of stone and marble, the 
architecture being of the Grecian order. At the end of the 
street of tombs was a gate, called the gate of Herculaneum, in 
an opening on one side of which, when found, stood, with lance 
in hand the skeleton of a Roman sentinel, who, it is supposed 
had preferred death rather than desert his post. 

In one builuing wliich our traveler entered, which by the 
sign had been a saloon for the sale of hot drinks, there were 
the marks of the cups on the marble counter. He also visited 
what had evidently been a large bathing establishment, and the 
Temple of Jupiter. The latter was a very large structure — 
five hundred feet long and one hundred feet wide. It was in 
ruins, but its remains showed that it had "been a splendid 
building. The floor was paved with marble of different colors, 
and at vaiious points it had been adorned with statues, and 
was surrounded with temples and edifices with fronts of 
elegant Grecian architecture. 

Another interesting ruin, in good preservation^ was the Tem- 
ple of Isis ; it was a budding of the Rome Doric order of archi- 
tecture. It possessed some fine mosaics, that is, pictures formed 
of various colored square bits of glass, marble, precious stones, 
etc. Behind this temple were the rooms of the priests, in one 
of wliich the skeleton of a man, suppossd to have been a cook, 
was found with an axe in his hand, near to a hole in the wall, 
■which it was imagined he had made in order to escape. In the 
temple was found the skeleton of a priest, with a bag of money 
in his hand. 

The Forum was also in tolerable preservation. The Ampi- 
theatre— the place in which the combats with wild beasts and 
men were held— was stOl standing. It was a large, oval struc- 
ture two storeys high outside ; inside these, and surrounding 
the space on which the men and beasts fought, were tiers of 
stone benches for the spectators to sit on, there being seats 
sufficient fjr twenty thousand persons. Beneath the stone 
benches were the dens in which the beasts were kept, and in 
one of these, when the city was discovered, was found the 
skeleton of a lion. 

Among thi^ ilhistrious persons who perished at Pompeii was 
Pliny the elder; and the letter describing the calamity and the 
death of this gentleman, written by his nephew, Pliny the 
younger, has been verified by the discoveries and excavations 
made since the city was exhumed. 

Herculaneum, a larger and more populous city than Pompeii, 
and a good deal nearer ^'esuvius, was instantly Ijuried in a 
stream of burning lava, that is stone, cinders etc., in a liquid 



state, and all within it destroyed. The site of Herculaneum has 
been discovered, but as many buOdings, among which is a 
royal palace, are now on the top of the mass which covers it, 
excavations have not been carried on to any extent, for fear of 
undermining these buildings. 

Our readers will be able, from what has been written, to 
form some notion of the fearful effects of earthquakes ; and the 
very brief sketch we have given them of Pompeii and Her- 
culaneum -will enliiihten their minds some little regarding the 
most interesting if not the most terrible instances known to man 
of their fury and power. 



S(l$cl^ii ^osi|p^» 



THE i^ic3-h:t. 



Courage, lirother ! do not stumble, 

Though thy path be dark as night ; 
There's a star to guide the humble — 

"Trust in God and do the right." 
Though the road be dark and dreary. 

And the end be out of sight; 
Foot it bravely, strong or weary — 

"Trust iu God and do the right." 

Perish "policy" and cunning, 

Perish all that fears the light ; 
Whether losing, whether winning; 

"Trust in God and do the right." 
Shun all forms of guilty passion, 

Friends can look like angels bright; 
Heed no custom, school, or fashion — 

"Trust in God and do the right." 

Some will hate thee, some will love thee, 

Some will flatter, some will slight; 
Cease from man, and look above thee, 

"Trust in God and do the right." 
Simple rule and safest guiding — 

Inward peace and shining light — 
Star upon our path abiding — 

"Trust in God and do the right, 



Answer to the Grammatical Charade in Number Four— NOT- 
WITHSTANDING. 



None but original charades will be inserted, and the names of sub- 
scribers sending correct solutions will be publisbcd. 

LiiTLE Things. — Little words are the sweetest to hear; little 
charities fly farthest, and stay longest on the wing ; little lakes 
are the stillest; little hearts are the fullest, and little farms are 
the best tilled. Lfttle books are the most read, and little songs 
the most loved. And when nature would make anything espec- 
ially rare and beautiful, she makes it little— little pearls, little 
diamonds, little gems. Everybody calls that little which he 
lovTCS best on earth. 



J-TJATElSriXjE insrsTi^TJGTOi?. 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE 0- CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum $2 50. 

4a- Grain brought to this City for the Juvenilk Instructor will bb 
leceivcd at the office of our paper— Deskuet News JJUILUINGS. 



9^A 



^; 




