
VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, NOVEMBER J 5. 18G8. 



NO. 22. 



.A. SOJ^ OOISTSTJE^IGTOK. J^ISTID J^ IDEEK.. 



OUR engraving tins week is a boa constrictor with a deer 
enclos d in its horrid folds. It is engaged in crushing 
the poor animal, which cannot escape from its deadly embrace. 
It 's said that of all the repliles which exist none equal in size 
and power this kind which we see in the engraving. Some of 
them have been known to be from thirty to thirty five feet 
long. And Mr. Speke, a recent African traveler, mentions one 
that he and his party killed filty-four feet long. They are 
destitute of fangs and venom, and, of course, they cannot 
Sting; but they have such enormous strength as to defy resist- 







aocc. Some spt-cirs of them are (bund in the vast .swamps 
and marshes of Guiana, and other liot part.s of our continent; 
otlicrs arc natives (if India, Africa and the larger Indian 
Islands. They arc well ada|i(cMl to live in the Hituations in 
which they arc cnmnion y nin.it atnindant. 

In rpfrions bordi-ring on frrciit rivers, wluTC the country is 
fri(]U('iitly covered with watt'r, these scrpoiit.s live .'iccurely 
among the trees. In Mich districts wild uiiiinals of various 
kinds abound, and the boa has no tnniblc to obtain what food , 
it wants; but they can go au astouitbingly long time without ' 



eating, without appearing to suffer or lose their strength. 
When it is ready for a meal it winds itself around the trunk or 
branches of a tree and patiently waits until some animal 
approaches. As soon as one comes within reach it suddenly 
darts from its position, and, swift as lightning, seizes its victim 
and coils its body around its throat and chest, like we see it in 
the engraving, until, after a few cries and struggles, the animal 
is suffocated and expires. In this way it will destroy deer, 
buffaloes and other large and powerful animals. When it has 
once got an animal in its folds there is no escape therefrom. 

But the most sur- 
prising thing is 
that it will swallow 
these animals, 
horns and all, with 
but little difficulty! 
After it has crushed 
its prey it pushes 
the limbs into the 
mostconvenient po- 
sition for swallow- 
ing, and then it 
covers the whole 
with its saliva, or 
the moisture which 
is in its mouth, and 
which is a sticky 
substanc. When 
he boat has licked 
its prey all over, 
and covered it with 
saliva ready for 
swallowing, it com- 
mences by tiking 
the head into its 
mouth, and, by a 
succession of mus- 
cular contractions, 
the rest of the body is gradually drawn in. This generally 
takes hours to accomplish. It is supposed that these -serpents 
can live fur a time without breathing; for while engnged in 
swallowing, tl e mouth and throat arc so coniiilctoly stulled that 
it seems impossilile for them to breathe at the same time. 

After swallowing an animal the boa coils iiself uj) and lies 
in a torpid slate for a long jieriod. We have road of one — 
not a very laige one either, being only about sixteen feet long 
and eigltceii inches in circnml'erenci^ — that usually had a gout 
jirovided for its dinner, with sometimes a duck or a chicken by 



b^^ 











■ ^.9 y gyM 15/ ^/'^ 



^^■^ 



way of dessert. After eating a goat it would lie without stirring 
fur about three weeks or a month, then it would be ready to 
dine again. 

All accounts agree ia stating that these creatures are of 
enormous size and power, yet ancient writers have left accounts 
of far more terrific serpents even than these. There was a 
serpent which was said to have had its lair on the banks of the 
Bagradas, near Utica, and to have swallowed many of the 
Roman soldiers in the army of Kegulus, and to have killed 
many others in its folds, and to have kept the army from the 
river. They could not kill it with ordinary weapons, so they 
destroyed it with heavy stones slung from the military engines 
used in sieges. The waters of the river were so polluted with 
its blood and the air with the steams from its corrupted carcase 
that the Romans were obliged to remove their camp. They 
obtained the skin, which was one hundred and twenty feet 
long, and sent it to Home. There are no serpents hko this 
known at the present time. 

It is probable that the most of our readers will never see 
the boa constrictor in its native haunts; but by reading about it 
they can form a good idea of one of the most terrific reptiles 
to be fiund in other lands. Should any of them visit Europe 
they may be able to see small si)ecimens of the boa constrictor 
in the Zoological Gardens. 



For the Juvenile Tnstrtictor. 






ssars^ca 



DIGESTIOlsr 



ALL the organs of the body do not wear out with the same 
rapidity; the bones, hair, nails and hard parts are not 
renewed so frequently as the soft — the muscles, nerves, brain, 
etc. — although every part is entirely rcnioved and replaced 
every few weeks. First, the fibrin and albumen are removed, 
then the gelatine and fat, and las'ly the mineral matter. To 
replace these we have seen that food is necessary, and the food 
has to be prepared far assimilation to the blood by a process 
which is called "digestion," a word which means to separate or 
divide by dissolving. The food contains the elements of blood, 
blended with more or less matter which does not nourish the 
body; to separate this and extract the nutritious jjarts, is partly 
a mechanical and partly a chemical operation. 

The teeth operate mechanically upon the food to grind if; 
the contact of the savory particles of food stimulates certain 
nerves to action, and the salivary glands pour into the 
mouth a fluid called saliva, which mixes with the mass to pre- 
pare it fur the action of the solvent juices of the stomach. 
Starch, contained in such food as bread, rice, sago, potatoes, 
etc., is acted upon cluinii-nlh/ by thisfluid and changed instantly 
into sugar. This change is neces.'arj', as starch will not digest 
in the human stomach; neither will any other substance which 
Ls insoluble in water. 

When the food is masticated sufficiently it ii passed into the 
stomach, whi h remains inactive while eating. As soon as the 
meal is ended digestion commences. The gastric glands, which 
are embedded in the lining membrane of the sumach, are 
stimulated to action by the food, and a copious disdiarge ot 
an aciil fluid, called gastric juice or gastric acid, takes iilace. 
This fluid acts chemically upon the food, to dissolve it on the 
turface, and, to enable every part of the mass to be acted upon, 
the stomach has a peculiar motion by which the dissolved por- 



tion is passed along into the intestines. The food, when thus 
beaten down, is in a pulpy condition, is of a gray color and 
somewhat acid. To neutralize this, and to separate the nutri- 
tious from the innutritious elements, an alkaline fluid, secreted 
from the liver, flows into the intestines just as the pulp leaves 
the stomach. A change instantly takes place: small globular 
particles of a milky consistency are separated from the mass, 
which, as the whole is passed along into the intestines, are 
absorbed by a multitude of minute vessels which have the 
wonderful instinct of only allowing the nourishing particles to 
pass through them. Here it is that vital forces begin to change 
the character of this fluid; it is carried upwards and is mixed 
with the venous blood, is then sent forward Irom the heart to 
the lungs, where it undergoes those changes which have been 
before spoken of— atmospheric air comes iu contact with it, by 
which it is perfected as blood. Its iron particles are oxydized, 
producing the bright ruby red; charged with oxygen and full of 
vitality, it is returned to the heart, to be circulated through 
the system and to replace the worn out tissues of the body. From 
the lungs, kidneys, skin and bowels wasted matter is continually 
jiassing away. To counteract this there should be as much 
fresh element taken into the system as passes away from it, if 
we woidd remain vigorous in mind and body. This element, 
food supi lies. If lime is needed to form bones, phosphoric 
acid united to lime is found in wheaten bread and other food; 
if albumen is needed to repair the nerves worn out in executing 
the commands of the will, bread supplies it; so does milk, eggs, 
and many other things our diet furnishes; is fibrin needed to 
rebuild the muscles of the body, the gluten, alluded to before, 
supplies it. To preserve the animal heat, abundant fuel 
is found in the starch, which is carbon and water, and in 
the fat, which is contained in our vegetable as well as in our 
animal food. Is the fat insoluble, and as such incapable of 
being digested? an alkaline fluid pours into the stomach when 
needed, to form an emulsion, which dissolves readily in the 
gastric fluid. Even the enamel of the teeth is provided 
for by flint, hard as that substance is, being supplied in the 
bran, the surface of which is covered with a preparation of 
flint taken up from the earth for our use; in sugar, when not 
refined, and in other food. Is the powerfully solvent chlorine 
needed to digest our food? it is supplied in our salt, which ig 
chloride of sodium, and is necessary to form blood. Who 
would suppose that phosphorous is needed in the body? It 
enters with the food, not as free phosphorous, but in combina- 
tion with other elements; and the wonderful chemistry of the 
stomach separates it for our use. Who would suppose that 
the metals: potassium, sodium, magnesium, calcium and iron 
are necessary to build the human body? But they are there, 
and wc cannot exist, in health, unless they are supplied in our 
food; yet the quantity of each is very small compaied with the 
bulk of the body. Water is the abundant element; we know 
what its constituents are — gases. Carbonic acid gas also 
abounds; we know its constituents — carbon and oxygen. Also 
ammonia, which is nitrogen and hydrogen. What else? A 
few salts and a little mineral matter make up the man! 

As to the constituents of the parts, flesh, bones, hair, skin, etc., 
these will form subjects for future investigation. Man is made 
up of the four great organic elements: carbon, oxygen, hydro- 
gen and nitrogen, with a few earthy salts, supplied by food and 
prepared for his aso byldigestion. Bktii. 

( To be Continued) 



If the j'oung would reiiioniber that they may be old, and the 
old remember that they have been young, the world would be 
hajipier. 



V!£3 



v\ 



J -9 



<»r»''. 



Vol. :s 



Cr TJ'V E IN" I Hj E i:tTSTI?.TJOTOI^ 



Vv ■ '^^ '•- 




For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%\%%u mmu. 



(s 






CHAPTER II. 



EA.RLY on a Sabbath morning, long before the rising of the 
sun, Willie was to be seen walking towards the suburbs of 
the town in search of some solitary spot where he would not 
be likely to be disturbed, and often he would select a seat in 
the shade of some large trees. After finding a suitable place, 
and getting comfortably seated, he would take from his pocket 
the Bible, Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, or some 
other book containing useful information, which he would read 
with a prayerful heart, asking God to give him understanding 
and to bless his efforts to gain knowledge. In this way he 
learned to read well, and gained many fragments of knowledge 
to which he would have remained a stranger, had he been 
confined to the small round of his own thoughts without the 
aid of books. This practice widened the field of reflection, 
gave him much pleasure, and increased his thirst for intelli- 
gence. Thus, step by stop, he made advancement; inch by 
inch, he climbed up out of ignorance. Each little difiiculty 
overcome prepared him for new conquests. L ttle Willie did 
not enjoy the many great advantages of our young friends 
who read the Juvenile Instructor. He had not the oppor- 
tunity of attending a good school, for he had to labor every day 
early and late. 

Had you looked under the table when he was eating his 
dinner, you would have seen his book laid upon his lap spread 
wide open, at which now and then he would take a sly glance. 
In this way he learned many a lesson. When he had a little 
leisure time he would search out some person able to instruct 
him, to whom he would present his little difficulties and ask for 
an explanation. And often he felt extremely thankful for the 
assistance of able friends who took deep interest in him and 
cleared away the small but, to him, apparently insurmountable 

difficulties. 

Night after night, when the family were all in bed and .slcei - 
ing soundly, Willie might have been seen sitting near a table 
bending over his book and diligently perusing his lesson by the 
light of the candle. There he would sometimes sit till nearly 
midnight, reading and pondering over new ideas and often till 
he went to sleep; occasionally he would wake up and find the 
fire out, the candle burned away and his book fallen from his 
hand to the floor. Finally, a friend suggested that it would be 
better for him to quit studying at nights, and rise very early in 
the morning and spend an hour or two in study before time to 
go to work. From this suggestion Willie received much benefit, 
for he found that in the morning his mind was much stronger, 
and consequently he was much more successful. After giving 
this method a fair trial he concluded that he c„uld learn more 
in one hour in the morning than in three hours in the evening. 

About this time he got William Cobbet s Grammar, and 
commenced to write it out verbatim. If he happened to omit, 
misplace, or misspell a word in any of the lessons, the paper 
containing such lessons was torn up and the task re-commenced. 
In this way, and with the assistance of his friends, he ac(iuired 
a tolerably thorough knowledge of grammar. He now wrote 
letters, essays, or penned his thoughts on any subject that jirc- 
sented itself, nut for i)ulilicatiou but for self inipruvement. 
Such pieces were laid aside for two or three weeks, aud then he 
would criticise them, for he believed that, alter tliey had been 
laid aside in this way, he could see thu.r errors much better than 
when they were only just written. 



Little Willie had never spent a night from home though he 
was now fourteen years old. His father had promised him that 
he should go and spend a few weeks with some uncles, aunts 
and cousins, who lived in Wensley Dale, about fifty miles dis- 
tant. Willie was highly delighted with the prospect of this 
journey, for he had scarcely ever been out of sight of the smoke 
from the factories of his native town, and now he was going to 
travel fifty miles, which seemed to Willie to be a very long 
journey; and besides this, his father told him that he would see 
many nice sights, high hills, rivers, waterfalls, etc. 

The day for starting arrived. Willie rose early in the morning] 
The weather was very pleasant, and Willie and his father com- 
menced the much-desired journey. As his native town grew 
dim in the distance, fine old farm houses appeared in view with 
their fields of waving grain, green pastures dotted with wild 
flowers, the butter cup and the daisy, and gentlemen's summer 
residences, surrounded by beautiful parks interspersed with 
very large trees, where occasionally deer were to be seen resting 
themselves under the wide-spreading branches of those ancient 
oaks. From among the dense leaves came the gladdening song 
of the far famed English throstle, or the sweet notes of the 
black-bird. All nature seemed to be dressed in her finest robes. 
The little lambs played upon the high hills, and seemed as full 
of glee as so many playful boys. 

Willie and his father traveled on amid the delightful rural 
scenery, listening to the song of birds and gathering wild flowers 
till they gained the top of a high hill, when an open and fcitile 
valley lay before them, in which there were three or four very 
lovely villages, and in these villages resided many of Willie's 
relatives, whom he had never seen, and in one of them was the 
birth place of his father. 

After descending into the valley they drew up before a very 
ancient farm house, when Willie's father said: "Willie, here lives 
your Aunt Mable." They entered and received a very hearty 
welcome. 

After a few days had passed Willie's father left him at his 
aunt's, where he remained for six weeks. Willie had not been 
there long before it was known that he was a Latter-day Saint. 
His aunt was anxious to learn something about the Latter-day 
Saints and their principles. She asked him many questions, 
and felt well satisfied with his answers. She often requested 
him to read the Bible to her, and to talk to her about the 
latter-day work. Soon it became common for the neighbors to 
gather around Aunt Mable's fire to spend their evenings, espec- 
ially Sabbath evenings, to listen to little Willie and to ask him 
questions. 

Willie felt very humble, and prayed to God that he would 
help him to preach the truth to those who were in the habit of 
gathering to listen to him, and some were convinced that God 
was with the lad, and they would listen to him with breathless 
attention while he told them, in his simple, boyish style, about 
the principles that Jesus and his apostles preached, and that 
the world had lost the pure gospel and wandered into darkness; 
that God formerly talked with the old prophets; that angels 
ministered unto them; that people in the days of the apostles 
were baptized in water by immersion for the remission of their 
sins; that the servants of God then laid hands upon them that 
they might receive the Holy Ghost; also laid hands upon the 
sick and anointed them with oil that they might bo healed; 
that (jiod had ceased speaking, angels had ceased ministering, 
and men had changed the ordinances of the gospel, notwith- 
standing the apostle Paul had said, "though we or an angel 
from heaven preach any other gospel unto you than that which 
we have preached, let him be accursed;" that God in His mercy 
had sent an angel in tlicse last days to Joseph Smith, revealed 
the Book of Mormon, and restored the gospel that Jesus and 
His apostles preached, which in the Scriptures, is called the 
Everlasting Gospel. W. W. B. 

{To he Continued.) 



« 



h 




^'"^±72 






9'^2 



^1$ iMtnilt ittslritclop. 






GEORGE Q. CANNOW, : EDITOK. 

N0VEIMBER15,186S. 



EIDITOI?.I^L THIOTJCB-BCTS. 




HILDREN, have yon ever heard one man 

speak of another, and say: "There is 

he is a smart man; he possesses talent, 
and I naturally like him, hut he has one 
fault!" You may not have heard such ex- 
pressions; but we have. 
We have h^^ard a loving, devoted wife 
say of a husband, otherwise a noble man, 
"Ho has but one fault!" 
We have heard parents say of their son, 
"He has but one fault!" 

Wo have heard employers say of a workman, 

"He is an ingenious, good workman, Init he has 

onefaflt." 

We have known bright, useful and talented 

men, who could have brought honor to their names 

an 1 families, and been the means of blessing all 

around them; hut they had one fault. 

Is it not a pity that one fault should prevent so 
many from doing good? In the world there are thousands who 
have lost places of trust and honor because of this one fault. 
This is quite common there; but in Utah, we are hajipy to say, 
it is not so common now as it has been in the past. We hope 
it will disappear entirely from our midst. 

You ask what is this fault. We will tell you. It is drinking 
intoxicating drinks. It is a habit that has destroyed thousands 
upon thousands. 

We once knew a United States Senator, who stood foremost 
among his companions as a man of knowledge and ability. 
He was honored and trusted by Lis party, and he felt proud of 
the position which he held. But he had this one fault; he 
would drink wine and liquor. Not so much, probably, at first, 
as to alarm his friends; but the habit grew upon him. There 
had been a time when he could have controlled the habit; that 
time, however, passed away, and it controlled him. He became 
the slave of this fault, and he went down. When we last saw 
him, he was no longer the proud and honored Senator of a 
sovereign State; but a poor, broken and humbled man, without 
position or influence, and no character except that of a drunk- 
ard. Tliere are not the same temptations in this Territory to 
drink liquor that there are eljcwhere. Yet boys, V they are 
not careful, can fall into the habit. If boys could see the 
danger they are in when they drink liquor, and all the results 
that are likely to follow, they would shrink back from it with 
affright, and never suffer a drop of it to touch their lips. 
Sometimes, in traveling, men drink it to cheer them up, or to 
keep them warm, or for .sonic other purpose, and if they have 
boys with them, they offer it to them. But be advised, boys, 
never touch it. You can live without it, and be far more 
healthy, happy and cheerful than you would be if you were to 
use it. 

rpriE publication of number 24, one month after this date, 
JL will complete the Third \'oluincof theJuvKNU.E Instkuc- 
TOR. When they shall have been issued, three years will have 
elapsed since our little journal became a candidate for public 



favor and started on its career as an Instrcctor of the Ju- 
veniles. How quickly the time has slipped away! yet, as 
editor, we can say that our intercourse with our readers during 
that period has been most agreeable. Our duties connected 
with the Jin-ENILE Instructor have been labors of love, and 
have been attended to with pleasure. 

But how have they pleased our patrons? is the question that 
now, so near the commencement of a new volume, is most in- 
teresting. The many kind words of encouragement and assur- 
ances of the value placed upon our little paper, which we have 
received from so many quarters, convince us that our efforts to 
interest and instruct have been appreciated. We do not like 
to make too many promises; we would rather exceed our prom- 
ises and give our readers more than we had led them to expect; 
but we do not think we are saying too much when we express 
the hope that we shall be able to make the Fourth Volume 
more interesting and of better quality than even the Third has 
been. 

Not only are the young profited by the publication of the 
Juvenile Instructor; but we have reason to believe that it 
is read extensively by parents, and that they derive information 
and gratification from its perusal. This has been our design 
from the beginning. We have endeavored to make the style 
so simple that the young could understand it without difficulty; 
and in preparing matter for its pages we have taken pains to 
have such that both young and old could read with profit. 

We shall be pleased to have agents and subscribers send in 
their names and subscriptions for the Fourth Yolumo immedi- 
ately, as it will enable us to form some idea of the number of 
copies to publish. 



WE have on hand and are constantly in receipt of Sunday 
School Rewards and Tickets in great variety and at 
very low prices. We have taken pains in selecting such as 
will be suitable for the children and schools of this Territory. 
We know that we can satisfy all as to price, and we shall be 
pleased to fill the orders of Superintendents, Teachers and 
others for anything of this kind. We can also select and order 
Libraries for schools. 

Those who have saved their files of the Second Volume of 
the Juvenile Instructor can have them bound for one dollar 
in a handsome embossed eloth cover, which we have had made 
expressly for the purpose. We shall also have similar covers 
for those who wish to have the Third Volume bound when it 
shall be completed. To schools sending a number of volumes 
to be bound, we will make a reduction. 

We have a number of First and Second Volumes, bound, 
which we wish to dispose of. 



LITTLE BY LITTLE.— A boy stood intently watching 
some bricklayers at work. His father noticed him, and said; 

"What are you thinking about, my son? Do you wish to 
become a builder of houses?" 

The lad smiled, and then answered: 

"[ was thinking what a little thing a brick is, and yet by lay- 
ing bricks side by side, and on top of each other, great houses 
are built." 

"True, my son. And just so it is with all great works. You 
become a scholar by adding one lesson to another. If a man 
would walk around the world, he must do it by putting one foot 
before the other. Life is made uj5 of little moments, and the 
ocean of drop after drop gathered together. So, never be dis- 
couraged because things look difiicult. You can not jump over 
a mountain, but by progressing step by step you may gain the 
other xide." 



TtQ^ 



\1^ 



"^ 




J" Tj/v E n^ I Xj El 



J^ 






/96g 



173 



J^or the Juvenile Instiuclor. 



Wait atiS lis W%vli%U%, 



s^oox)-H:^BiTs-i^<ELia-io3sr, 



WE must now refer to the effects of food on the outward man. 
No one, we presume, will den}' that food has its effects 
in changing the appearance of men and women. Were it 
possible to take two infant brothers, born in some temperate 
climate, and at the age of one j-ear s-nd one to India and feed 
it on rice and fi-uit, and convey the other to Greenland and let 
it live on oil and fish, we should find that by the time they vpere 
thirty years old there would be a material difference in their size, 
height, weight, and complexion. No one can expect an Arab 
whose rations are five dates and a drink of water a day to look 
like an Esquimaux who gorges himself on whale blubber all the 
year round. Naturally we should expect to find the Arab verj' 
much like what he is; lithe, thin and active, with small bones 
and but little flesh, while the idea of train oil and seal's flesh as 
a constant article of diet would lead us to look for a fat, coarse, 
thick set race of people. 




We all know, however, that different food suits different 
climates; and God in His wisdom has made that food wliich is 
best suited to the people dwelling in a hot or cold country nat- 
ural to that country. It would never do to foed a Siberian on 
half a pound of figs a day; he weuld die of starvation; nor would 
it be any wi.ser to cram a Hindoo wiih blubber and fat, for they 
would soon kill him. Now, the Lord has revealed that, in a 
country as warm as ours, much flesh meat is not good for man. 
It is good in times of exlrcnic cold and f miinc. Hid we live in 
Greenland or Siberia it would be difierent. Men who dwell en 
those frozen shores reijuire food that will increase the warniili 
of their bodies inside as the furs tliey wrap round thoni outside 
prevents thai same heat escaiiing too rapidly. Tliis difference 
of food and clothing makes nearly all the difi'erence between the 



Chinese who live on rice and dress in silk and linen, and their 
more northern neighbors of Kamtschatka, who live on flesh and 
oil, dress in fur, and keep their bodies constantly well greased. 
The latter is thicker, coarser, grosser than the Chinaman; but 
the general cast of his features, the color of his skin, the shapj 
of his eyes, etc., are much the same. Place the Chinaman a 
few hundred miles further north, feed him on the iood required 
by the colder climate, and in a few generations he would not 
differ much from the more ancient inhabitants of the Ian 1. 
Flesh, fish, oil and grease are the natural food of the people of 
the coldest climes; fruit, grain and vegetables are the best diet 
in very hot countries. A mixed diet of flesh, grain, fi^h, fruit 
and vegetables is best suited to a climate such as ouis. 

The habits of a people have also a great effect upon their ap- 
pearance. A people who dwell in cities have a very different 
cast of countenance to the wandering tribes of the earth. The 
vast extent of central Asia is inhabited by a people who are 
constantly shifting their quarters. All through Great Tartary, 
from the borders of Siberia to the confines of China and Hin- 
do-tan, they wander with their families, their camels and their 
tents. The Sahara, or great desert of northern Africa, and 
Arabia are also peopled by such wandering tribes. Get these 
people to settle down on certain spot, teach them to cultivate 
the soil, to erect houses, to build ships and they gradually 
change in appearance, a marked improvement in their mental 
attainments is soon noticeable. Take the savage who lives by 
hunting and fishing, let him mix with a people who have surer 
ways of gaining a livelihood, and the disuse of those faculties 
on which he principally relied to trap the game that served him 
for food and clothing causes a change in his appearance, and he 
soon grows more like the people amongst whom his lot is now 
cast. 

We must also glance at the effects of religion on a people as 
far as it is connected with this subject. Those who have a bar- 
barous form of faith, in which licentiousness, human sacrifices 
and disgusting orgies prevail, get a corresponding barbarous 
and cruel expression on their faces. While licentiousness and 
dissipation amongst every race either civilized or savage, black, 
brown or white, have always weakened that people, dimiuiwhed 
their size and strength, aggravated their peculiarities and 
shortened their lives; on the other hand, a virtuous life, com- 
bined with a true faith well lived up to, has ever developed a 
superior race of men, robust in body, beautiful in couutenance. 

The propagation of different faiths has al.so had considerable 
to do in mixing the races of men. The teachings of Christian- 
ity, the missions of its early apostles, the loss of its power and 
priesthood, the development of Mohammedanism, the crusades 
lor the recovery of the Holy Land, the accomplishment of the 
lleformation, the missionary enterprise of the Jesuits, the wars 
of jarring christian sects have all caused great migrations and 
mixing up of races, which have tended to confuse and bewilder 
those who endeavored to trace the origin of each race to its 
fountain head, and given rise to the various insane theories that 
now afflict the world of philosophers. If we want the truth we 
must go to the word of God, and be satisified with what He has 
revealed and rest in patience until He tells us more. Until then, 
we must believe that all men now on the earth are descended 
from those eight persons — Noah and his family — who were saved 
from the flood. Whi!e the many great eliaricteiisiics thai are 
natural to all men, however greatly tliey may vary in minor 
points, confii-nis the ureat tiuth that God luis made of one 
Ijlood all the nations of the earth. All are llis children, all the 
subjects of His care. For tlie day will come, when all men 
c:i|iabl(^ of reoeiving the ])riestluHHl, enlij^htctied by the 
spirit of Gull and guided by its whisperings, will lose their 
extrava^'anees of character and apiiearanee, and heeouie "a 
white and di'lit'litsinne ])eo|ile" physically as well as nioraliy. 
When they will be as Ijod first made Adam '"in His own 
image" and "very good." G. K. 








J- TJ ^ E! Isr I Xj El I UNT S T 12. TJ C T O I?. 



<A- 



%U%t%^\%. 



?i 






THE 




OSEPH'S wife, Emma, had a shter, by 
the name of Mrs. Wasson, who was living 
near Dixon, Lee county, Illinois. On the 
13th of June he started with his wife 
and children to make her a visit. After 
he had gone a letter from Judge James 
Adams, of Springfield, under date of the 
Ifjth, reached Nauvoo hy exjiress. In this 
letter the Judge stated that Governor 
Ihomas Ford had told him that he was going to 
issue a writ for Joseph, and that it would start 
the nest day. IMissouri was still determined 
that .Joseph should not have any peace, and the 
governor of that State had sent to the governo'' 
!linois, Thomas Ford, to arrest him and deliver 
him up to the officers of Missouri. When this letter 
reached Nauvoo Joseph's brother, Hyrum, sent 
Brothers William Clayton and Stephen Markham as 
fast as possible to inform him. They rode two hun- 
dred and twelve miles to reach the place where Joseph was, 
and sixty-sis hours after leaving Nauvoo they found him. You 
may know that they had but little rest to travel so many miles 
in so short a time. Joseph told them not to be alarmed. Said 
he, "I have no fear. I shall not leave here: I shall find friends, 
and Missourians cannot hurt me, I tell you in the name of 
Israel's God." He had previously given out an appointment 
to preach in Dixon, and the people were anxious to hear him; 
but he wrote to them telling them there was a writ out for him, 
and he, therefore, declined preaching. 

On the 23rd two men were at Dixon trying to hire a man and 
team. They said they were ' 'Mormon' ' Elders and wanted to see 
the Prophet. They obtained the team and drove up to Mr. 
Wasson's while the family were at dinner. They told the same 
story there: that they were "Mormon" Elders and wanted to see 
"Brother Joseph." Joseph was in the yard going to the barn 
when one of them stepped to the end of the house and saw 
him. He spoke to Joseph in a very uncouth and ungentlemanly 
manner, and the other one stepped up to him and collared him. 
Tliey lied when they said they were "Mormon" Elders. One 
of them was Joseph \l. Reynolds, sheriflF of Jackson county, 
Missouri, and the other was constable Harmon T. Wilson, of 
Carthage, Illinois. They presented their cocked pistols to 
Joseph's breast, and Keynolds cried out with big oaths that if 
he stirred an inch he would shoot him. Joseph inquired what 
the meaning of all this was. No satisfactory answer was given; 
but the oaths and threats were repeated. Joseph told them "I 
am not afraid of your shooting; 1 am not afraid to die." He 
then bared his breast and told them to shoot away. Said lie, 
"I have endured so much oppression, 1 am weary of life; and 
kill me if you plca.-e. I am a strong man, however, and with 
my own natural weapons could soon level both of you; but if 
you have any legal iiroccss to serve, I am at all times subject 
to law, and .-hall not offer resistance." Keynolds swore again 
that if Joseph said another word he would shoot him. To 
this Joseph rejdied that he could shuot away, he was not af aid 
of his pistols. By this time Brother Stephen Markham walked 
towards them. When they saw hiui coiuing, they turned their 
jjistola from Joseiih to hiui, and threatened his life if he came 



fj 



any nearer. He paid no attention to their threats; but contin- 
ued to advance nearer. Seeing they could not stop him by 
their threats they turned their pistols on Joseph again. They 
Jammed them against his sides, and holding their fingers 
on the triggers, ordered Brother Markham to stand srtill, or 
they would shoot Joseph through. As Brother Markham was 
advancing rapidly towards them, Joseph said to him, "you are 
not going to resist the officers, are you. Brother Markham?" 
He replied, "No, not if they are officers: I know the law too 
weU for that." 

They then hurried Joseph ofl^, and put him into their wagon. 
They wanted to run him off without letting him see or bid 
farewell to his family, or even allowing him time to get his hat 
or clothes. He said to them: "Gentlemen, if you have any 
legal process, I wish to obtain a writ of habeas corjnis.'' 
During all these outrageous proceedings of theirs, they had 
neither shown a writ nor served a process upon him. If he 
had killed them for thus attacking him and threatening his 
life, he would have been justified by the law in doing so, for no 
man in this country has a right to molest or take another pris- 
oner without he shows papers which authorize him, as an officer 
of the law, to do so. But even if he have papers, he has no 
right to draw weapons and threaten the life of a prisoner, unless 
he is resisted and his own life is in danger, or the prisoner is 
likely to escape. When he spoke about the writ of habeas 
corpus they swore again, and said he should not have one. 
They would have driven off without permitting him to get 
his hat and coat, but Brother Markham sprang to the horses' 
heads and caught them by the bits, and held them, though 
Reynolds and Wilson threatened to shoot him, until Joseph's 
wife brought him his hat and coat. At this moment Joseph 
saw a man passing, and he told him that these men were kid- 
napping him; and he wished to get a writ of habeas corpus to 
deliver himself out of their hands. As the man did not seem 
to interest himself in the matter, Joseph told Brother Markham 
to go, who immed.ately proceeded to Dixon on horseback. 
Reynolds and Wilson carried Joseph to Dixon at full speed, and 
during nearly the entire distance they kept their pistols with the 
muzzles close at his side. They drove up to the tavern, and 
he was thrust into a room and guarded there; he was not allowed 
to see anybod}'. Joseph again told Reynolds that he wished 
to get counsel; he wanted to see a lawyer; but he made a reply 
similar to those ho had before made. He swore that he should 
not have counsel, and if he said another word he would shoot 
him. Josejih asked him why he threatened this so often; if he 
wanted to shoot, he could fire away. But this threatening of 
these men was the mere bravado of cowardly bullies. They 
were really afraid of Joseph; but they thought they could scare 
him by threatening to kill him. If they could have had him 
in a place where they could have killed him without danger to 
themselves, they, no doubt, would have done so; they did not, 
however, dare to shoot him where he was. 

They were so anxious to hurry him off that they ordered 
fresh horses to be ready in five minutes. Joseph saw a person, 
and he shouted to hiiu through a window that he was falsely 
im])risoned and wanted a lawyer. A lawyer came; but the 
door was banged in his face, and he was told they would shoot 
him if he came any nearer. Another lawyer came and he 
received the same treatment. This conduct began to cause 
considerable excitement in Dixon. Bro. Markham told that 
Reynolds intended to drag Joscjih immediately away to Missouri 
and jirevent him from taking out a writ of habeas corpus. 
This was made known to several citizens, who gathered round the 
hotel door and gave Reynolds to understand that if that was their 
mode of doing business in Missouri, they had another way of 
doing it in Uixon. They were a law-abiding peoijle and repub- 
licans, and they wanted him to know that he and Wilson could 



-(C^d 






^^' 






in^STI^TJOTOI^, 



-/ 



K 



175 ^£,^ 



not take Joseph away without giviug him an opportunity for 
a fair trial, and that he should have justice. They also told 
him that if he persisted in his course, they had a very sum- 
mary way. of dealing with such characters as he. 

When Reynolds found that the people were not to he trifled 
with, and that it was useless to resi.st, he allowed the two 
lawyers who had been there — Mr. Edward Southwick and Mr. 
Shepherd G. Patrick — to go into the room to Joseph. But 
Wilson still guarded the door on the inside, and Reynolds stood 
guard on the outside. Joseph told the lawyers that he had 
been taken a prisoner by these men without a process; that he 
had been insulted and abused by them; he showed them his 
sides which were black for about eighteen inches in circumfer- 
ence, from their punching him with their pistols; and he told 
them that he wanted them to sue out a writ of lutleas corpus 
in his behalf. 

Reynolds swore that he would only wait halfan hour. This 
was all the time he would allow Joseph or the lawyers to get 
out a writ of habeas corpus. 

{To he Contiuued.) 



O-'^ ^ 



THE STOE.IT OIF 

Selected from Jacob Abbott's Writings. 

[CONTINUED.] 



?5^ 



ALTHOUGH the Legislatures of the different colonies had 
been prevented from organizing any thing like a regular 
confederation, still they kept up a constant communication with 
each other by means of committees of correspondence. Through 
these committees the people of Boston and of Massachusetts 
received assurances of sympathy and promises of aid from 
almost all the other colonies. Virginia came nobly to her aid. 
The Legislature appointed a day ot fasting and prayer in con- 
sideration of "the hostile invasion," as they expressed it, "of 
the city of Boston, in our sister colony of Massachusetts," thus 
showing that they intended to make common cause with her. 
They called upon the people to pray devoutly to God to make 
them all of one heart and one mind, firmly to oppose by all just 
and proper means every invasion of American rights. 

This decided stand by the Virginia Legislature had great 
influence throughout the country. Virginia was altogether the 
leading colony south of New England. The other Southern 
colonies took substantially the same ground. The British 
government saw that the whole country was likely to be united 
against them, and they began in earnest to prepare for war. 
They ordered more ships of war to Boston, and strengthened 
the forts there, and sent out re-enforcements of soldiers. The 
Legislatures of the colonies, on the other hand, began to pass 
acts for raising and equipping troops in America. They also 
began to take measures for having a confederation of some kind 
formed to unite the several colonies together. They appointed 
delegates, a certain number from each colony, who were to meet 
in Philadelphia, which was a convenient place, being in a 
central situation between the Northern and Southern colonics. 
These delegates, at their meeting in Philadeljjhia, were to form 
a body i ailed a congress. This congress would have, it is true, 
no absolute power, but they could consult in resiiect to the 
best mca.sures for the colonies to pursue, and recommend them 
for adoption, and thus enable the colonies to act in concert. 

The governors of the colonies did all they could to i>revcnt 
the Legislatures from adopting these measures. When the 
governor of Massachusetts lieard that the Legislature of that 
colony were going to choose delegates to the Congress, he se: t 
in great haste to dissolve the assembly. This he had a legal ! 



right to do, for it had been provided in the Constitution of the 
colony that the governor, though he could not control the action 
of the Legislature while it was in session, might adjourn or 
dissolve it at his pleasure. The Legi.<<lature learned in some way 
that the governor's messenger was coming to dissolve the body 
just as they were proceeding to choose delegates to the Congress; 
so they locked the doors, and would not let any body in, while 
they went on choosing the delegates. The messenger knocked 
long at the door, but nobody opened it; so he read the proclama- 
tion dissolving the assembly on the stairs, and then went away. 
When the assembly had finished the business of choosing the 
delegates to congress, they opened the doors, and then they 
heard that the proclamation had been read to dissolve them; so 
they closed the session, and the members went to their several 
homes, having accomplished all they desired. 

In this proceeding they did nothing for which any of them 
could be legally punished; for although there was a law requir- 
ing them to leave oflF doing business and separate as soon as 
they should receive a message from the governor dissolving the 
meeting, still they were not obliged to separate before they 
actually received the message, and in the mean time there Wi.s 
no law against their looking their doors whenever they pleasei'. 

Soon after this the delegates met at Philadelphia, and organ- 
ized themselves into a permanent body, which was called the 
American Congress. The establishment of this Congress 
was a very important event. It very soon acquired great 
influence, and, in the end, took the general direction of afiairs, 
and with the co-operation and help of the people of the colon- 
ies, carried the revolution through to a successful end. 

The building in Philadelphia in which the Congress held its 
meetings is still standing, and is con-idered an object of great 
veneration. It is known by the name of Independence Hall, 
foi it was in that building that the Declaration of Independence 
was made. 

After the Congress assembled there was no longer any reason- 
able hope of settling the difficulty amicably, and so both sides 
began to prepare vigorously for war. The people of the difier- 
ent colonies began to make collections of arms and ammunition, 
and to enroll soldiers. In some places they built fort.'J, or seized 
those that had before been in the hands of the governors. 
The Congress, too, in their sessions at Philadelphia, adopted 
a great many important measures. 1 hey drew up a declaration 
of the rights of the people of America, and published it to the 
world. They recommended to the people of the colonies to 
resolve not to purchase any English goods whatever till the 
oppressive laws which were made against them should be 
repealed. They expressed their determination to res'st these 
laws to the last extremity. They sent memorials, too, to the 
West India Islands and to Canada, to invite the people of those 
colonies to join the confederacy. After adopting these and 
other preliminary measures, they adjourned, with the intention 
of meeting again when the results of this actijn should be 
known. 

These transactions occurred in the fall of 1774, and, during 
the whole of the winter following, the excitement of the country 
increased, and ihe preparations on both sides for the coming 
contest went on. 

At length, in the month of April, 1775, the crisis arrived. 
The first battle was fought at Lexington, a town about twenty 
miles from Boston, on the way to Concord. Concord was 
i|uite a con.Mderable town even in those early days, and the peo- 
ple had collected there a large supply of arms and auinmnition, 
which they inteniled to use against the Britisli in case war should 
break out. General Gage was the commander of the govern- 
ment troops in Boston at that lime, and he determined to go 
out to Concord and seize these stores. So he organ zed a secrtt 
expedition of eight hundred men, and iu the night sent them 



h^^' 






^^.^ 176 



j"U^EisriLE 







in boats across the water which separates the peninsula of 
Boston from the main land. There are many bridges the. e now, 
but there were nous then. 

The troops marched all nisht. The officers had taken every 
possible precaution to keep the expedition profoundly secret, in 
order that they might surprise the keepers of the stores at Con- 
cord, and so seize and destroy the ammunition without any 
conflict. 'Ihcy supposed that they had succeeded in this, and 
confidently expected to accomplish the objectof their enterprise 
in the morning without any serious resistance; when all at once, 
on entering the town of Lexington, they found a band of armed 
men drawn up across the ruad, evidently prepared to resist 
them. 

The explanation of this was, that some Americans, who had 
scon the troops soon after they landed from the boats and had 
commenced their march, took measurosimuiediately for spread- 
ing the alarm. They sent horsemen from town to town, to ring 
bells and call out the people. The people rose from their beds, 
dressed and armed themselves in haste, and went off in small 
bands, as they chanced to come together, towards the road 
which they supposed the troops would take ingoing to Concord. 
The force which the British detachment encountered at Lex 
ingion was the first of these bands that they met. 

'J'here were about seventy of them; but seventy men, of course, 
could not hope successfully to resist eight hundred. They 
fought a short time, until quite a number of them were killed, 
and then retreated. The British detachment then went on. 
They found another band of Americans at Concord, and another 
brief conte.-t took place there. They succeeded, however, in 
taking and destroying the stores, and then they made good 
their retreat to Boston, though they were pursued and harrassed 
all the way, and nearly two hundred of them were killed or 
wounded. 

The news of this encounter spread like wildfire throughout 
the country, and aroused the people to the highest pitch ot 
excitement. Every body was at once ready for war. Great 
numbers of men enlisted as volunteers, and marched toward 
Boston. In a short time, so largo a force was thus assembkd 
that the town was hemmed in on every side, and the Biitisli 
troops were shut up in it as if they were besieged. There 
Were then no bridges leading from Boston to the main land 
The only access, except by boats, was over the Neck. The 
Britisli took possession of the Neck and fortified it, so as to 
prevent the An^ericans from coming in. 

Of course, almost all communication between the town and 
the country was cut ofF, and the town itself was filled with 
excitement and terror, the soldiery taking complete possession 
ot it, and treating the inhabitants, as usual in such cases, witli 
groat severity. 



THE TV^O .A^I^IPi^IEilNrTiaES. 

rPW O boys were apprentices in a carpenter's shoj). One 
J. determined to make himself a thorough workman; the 
other '"didn't care." One read and studied, aud got book^ 
tliat would help him to understand the princi]iles of his trade. 
lie spent his evenings at home, reading. The other liked fun 
best. He often went with other boys to have a "good game." 
"Come," he often said to liissh^iiimate, "1 ave your old books, 
come with us. Wliat is the use of all thks reading?" 

"If I waste these gulden moments," answered the boy, "] 
shall lo.^e what I shall never make up." While the boys were 
still apprentices, an offer of two thousand dollars appeared in 
the newspaper for the best plan for a State House, to be built 
in one of the Eastern .Stales. The studious buy saw the advcr- 
tiicmont, and determined to try for it. After a careful study 




he drew out his plans, and sent them to the committee. We 
suppose he did not really expect to gain the prize, but still 
he thought, "there is nothing like trying." 

In about a week afterwards, a gentleman arrived at the 
carpenter's shop, and inquiicd if an architect by the navne of 
Washington Wilberforce lived there. 

"No," said the earpenter, "no architect; but I've got an 
apprentice by that name." 

"Let's see him," said the gentleman. 

The j'oung man was summoned, and informed that his plan 
had been accepted, and that the two thousand dollars were his. 
The gentleman then said that the boy must put up the building; 
and his employer was so proud of his success that he willingly 
gave him his time and let him go. 

The studious young cariienter became one of the first archi- 
tects in the country. lie made a fortune, and stands high in 
the estima ion of ever3-body; while his fellow apprentice can 
hardly earn food for himself and family by his daily labors. 



For the Juvenile Tnitriictor, 

OBEIDIElSrOiH] IS BIETTEI?. 



'Twould be better, dear Alice 

Than to live in a palace 
That ynu still sliouUl do what you are told; 

This good lesson don't spurn, 

And you, some day will learn, 
That, Obedience is better than gold. 

You, of course, understand. 

Each and ev'ry command, 
Unto you, that is rightfully given. 

Through the Priestood must flow. 

Which you very well know- 
Was restored by God's agents from Heaven. 



H. M. 



J^or the Juvenile Instructor, 

O H^ I^ ^ X) E . 



BY C. W. S. 



I am composed of 8 letters. 
My 6, 3, 4, is used in sickness. 
3Iy 4, 6, 5, S, is a nobleman. 
My 6, 2, 1; is used by boatmen. 
My 4, 7, 8, is a youth. 
My whole will soon come to Utah. 

The answer to the Charade in No. 20 is BTBMINGnAM. 
We received correct answers from lAlary E Shipley, Harriet 
\. Sh pley, P. \. Brown, George L. Worsteuholm, George G. 
Taylor and Joseph II. Parry. 



vJTJVElTIX-iE I3^TSTE.XJGTOi?. 

Is imiaitilica in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
OX THE FIR.ST & li'Ili'TEl'iNTH OF EVEKY MONTH. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



Sinrjle Copy, prr Annum- •• 
ISlwjle. Copy, for HU Month.t 



iS 00 
150 



ef It is pxppeti'd wIiiTi' n^'i'iits forwaril rami's tli<'y h il! If rcsponsilile 
■or til" jiapiTH tliu-i oriliTril; anil wlii-n Cash payiHeutK arr made, tlu'V will 
jilrasi' fiirwani thrm with the lettiT foiitainin;,' the iiaines of the suhserihtTs. 

e«- l:lliT \Vm. II. Shearman, J.uijan, will net as Geucral Ayeut for 
Caeli.' valley. 

*»- Crain hroii^'ht to this fity for the JrvEvii.i; Ixstrittor will be 
received at the ofllce of our paper— Diisii et News Ulilijincjb. 



'J^-^ 



