
ftfl 



*/ v/ ^V-v/ 




l^l/^Ul/v-'/'j,!/ 



VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBER H, 1871. 



NO. 21. 



1ST I A. Q- A. IR, .A. BRIDGE .A. 1ST ~D IF A L ID S . 



WE suppose that nearly all of our readers, little and big, 
have heard of the great falls of the Niagara River. There 
are other falls that rush off precipices of greater height than 
these, but they are the largest known, so far as the quantity or 
volume of water is concerned. They present a very wonderful 
and beautiful sight. Those falls are on the boundary line which 
separates the Canadas from the United States, and, only think 
of it, on the Canada side a person can actually walk along under 
the rushing, thundering water which dashes over the great 



which are God's works, and also beautiful pictures you will 
cultivate principles in you that are good, and which will cause 
you to be respected. 

But we must return to our subject. The Niagara River 
itself is only thirty-three miles long, and connects Lake Erie 
with Lake Ontario. It is the outlet of Lake Erie and the 
channel by which the waters of all the four great upper lakes 
flood toward the Gulf of St. Lawrence. 

There is a deep chasm below the falls, which varies in 




rocks and not be touched by the water, except it bo by the fly- width, but which generally becomes narrower in Liu 

itig spray, which flies about like so much rain. The action of downward, and although the water in this ohosm boils, 
the spray has made a kind of cave, which persons cau enter. 

It is good to admire falls ami beautiful, grand scenery of all 
kinds. Wc would advise children to look at the mountains, the 
Valleys, the trees and streams and seek fir beauties in them. 
All that God has made is beautiful, and we should admire Ili.s 

works that we may love Him and wonder at His goodness, eight hundred feet apart. I'ndor tl 
wisdom and love. Jf you love to look at the works of nature, is throe hundred and fifty foci widi 



null's J 

seothes 

and dashes about, it is continually crossed by small boats. 

Within two miles of the falls is the wire suspension bridge 
seen in our picture. It is thrown across the gorge at a height 
of two hundred and fifty-eight feel above the water, and is sup- 
ported by towers upon each bank, the centres of which are 

bridge the current itself 
This bridge, which is a 



'%&* 



■le^St 



JD 

[ .' r 
'"J 




J TJ -V B IN" I L E IFSTBTJCTOB. 



great triumph of engineering skill, was built in 1855, by a 
gentleman named Boebling. It was put up for railroad trains 
to pass over. There is also a foot and carriage track, which 
runs under the railroad track, about twenty-eight feet below it. 
From this high bridge a lnaguifieent view can be obtained of 
the falls. 

Great numbers of people from all parts of the globe visit 
these falls and no doubt nearly all of them cross over upon the 
bridge which you see in the picture. 

Many of our readers may have seen the falls and the bridge, 
for sometimes the Saints from Great Britain and the continent 
of Europe pass around that way in coming from their native 
countries to Utah. Those who came that way will, no doubt, 
recognize the places indicated in the above cut. J. N. 



the ftixsqut^itl'S spider. 



1 THERE was once a king in Denmark, called Christian.the II., 
the Tyrant, because he oppressed the Swedes with cruel 
power and treachery, and punished the love of freedom with 
murder and the headman's axe. But at length the Swedes 
were freed from the Tyrant, who was taken prisoner by the 
nobles of his own land, not because of his horrible reign in 
Sweden, but because he had wished, by the aid of the tortured 
peasantry, to humble the nobility and the bishops, and to 
introduce the Reformation, 

In the year 1532 he was placed in the tower at Sonderburg, 
whose rocky walls were washed by the ocean waves. There 
tin- king spent seventeen years in solitary confinement. Day 
and night the voice of his lamentation was heard, and the wild 
bursts of despair penetrated through the gloomy tower. There 
was nothing in his cell but a stone table, around which, driven 
by rage and anguish, he ran, incessantly drawing his thumb-nail 
ever the slab, until a deep furrow was found in it. This table 
is still preserved in Copenhagen, and exhibited as a remem- 
brance of the unhappy man who lias thus handed down to pos- 
terity the fearful history of his sufferings. 

It is recorded in an old book that king Christian, who fir 
1 years was almost mad with pain and sorrow, at length 
became more mild and submissive. His wife, who loved him 
tenderly, and had faithfully shared his fate, was dead, his 
children were separated from him, and no one was allowed to 
look upon th ■ face of the captive prince but an unfeeling jailor 
who feasted bis eyes on (he tortures of the once powerful ruler. 
Hid Christian still worn his golden crown, this man would 
have bowed humbly at his feet, and obeyed his lightest word ; 
bm now, when the unfortunate monarch had fallen from his 
high place, he tormented him in every possible way. He 
suffered him to hunger and thirst, and to all his questions made 
but this one reply ; " The council lias commanded that no one 
shall speak to you.'' 

So the king lay in a living grave. He beard nothing from 
the outer world but the roaring of the sea, as the waves dashed 
against the tower. He could not lookout, for the little grated 
windows were much too high. The hollow echo of the dreary 
apartment alone gave answer to lii ^ complaints. 

Starting from confused dreams, he would call his children by 
name, or vainly SUUimon his knights and faithful followers to 

These images of his excited fancy were followed 

by mad laughter and shrieks and roaring, as if a wild bcasl 

ig to burst its prison bars, Ala.-! the poor sufferer 

had nothing but hi- -tone table, and when weary of wringing 

hi-, band-, beating hi- breast, weeping and sighing, he would 

spring fr tlii' ground in dc pair, and again begin the cin ail 

al t the table, hollowing a channel with his thumb-nail, until 

he Bank exhausted uj his straw couch. Only in sleep did he 

find rest and deliverance. 



#> 



Then the thick walls of his prison were burst, then he 
hastened out into the green islands. He saw the trees and 
flowers again, the sun shone on land and sea, the fragrant 
forest rustled on the cliffs, and below his ships of war were 
anchored. His army was encamped on the shore, his enemies 
were in chains before him. He was again a King, mounted on 
his steed before his tent. But, alas ! with the first movement 
of awakening these dreams fled, and nothing remained but the 
damp, cold prison walls, against which he pressed his burning 
brow. He dared not open his eyes to the dread reality. 
"Almighty God!" he murmured, wringing his hands, "let 
me not despair. I suffer horribly, I am bearing the punish- 
ment of my crimes ; I do not demand my crown, but give me 
one friend, a being who shall feel sympathy and compassion for 
me, a being who knows and loves me." 

But when he opened his eyes — alas ! no friend stood by his 
couch — but a spider hung from the roof, on its silken thread, 
just before his face. 

King Christian looked at it thoughtfully for a moment, and 
then a sudden consolation came over his saddened heart. 

" Is it thou?" he cried, "art thou the friend whom Heaven 
has sent to me? Then be thou welcome ! Be my companion, 
listen to my complaints, love me, and I will love thee, what- 
ever form thou bearest. Oh, be true to me, forsake me not, 
whom all men have forsaken." 

From that day the prisoner formed a bond of friendship with 
the spider. When he called it came down from the roof, 
crawled upon his hand, and listened to his words for hours. 
The solitude was no longer so terrible to him. His mind was 
soothed ; he believed that Heaven had heard his prayer, and 
mercifully sent him a being that showed its good will so plainly, 
and a grateful feeling arose, a feeling of hope that he was not 
forgotten, not utterly forsaken by Heaven, even as he was on 
earth. 

The jailor soon noticed that the king's suffering was less 
agonizing. He no longer heard curses or cries of despair, and 
was enraged thereby. At length he discovered the cause, and 
one day he saw the spider come down from the roof to the arm 
of the prisoner. He suddenly sprang forward, threw it upon 
the ground, and, crushing it with his foot, cried scornfully, — 

" Away with the vermin ! no living creature but yourself can 
dwell in this tower." 

King Christian uttered a cry of distress, and strove to rescue 
his poor companion, but it was too late. Then furious rage at 
the baseness of the keeper took possession of him ; he rushed 
upon him, threw him down, and would have strangled him, if 
the guard had not hastened to his rescue. 

After that the doors of the tower were closed up, and the 
food of the king was let down to him by a cord. Long years 
passed away, and at length he was treated more mildly. He 
was allowed to go out, for he was old and feeble, and desired 
nothing but death. But he often spoke with tears of emotion 
of the friendship of his spider, of the comfort its presence had 
given him, of its attachment and its sense, and of the despair- 
ing sorrow which the cruel jailor had inflicted upon him by its 
death. "Alas!" he cried, "this man has heaped many 
sufferings upon me; I forgive him all — but I cannot forgive him 
for the murder of my only friend." 



Boys and girls, did you ever think that you can never catch 
the word that has once gone out of' your lips? ( >oco spoken, it 
is out of your reach ; howevi r hard you may try you can never 
recall it. Therefore, take care what you say. Never speak an 
unkind, impure, lying or profane word. 



To be ever active in laudable pursuits is the distinguishing 
characteristic of a man of merit. 



h&* 



& 



.-3^5 



J" JJ V IE 35F I I_. E IUSTRUOTOB. 



1^3 



ANECDOTES OIF 1 OATS. 



PROM CHAMBERS'S MISCELLANY. 

(Continued.) 



IN the early history of England also, cats were of so much 
importance as to he the subject of special enactments. In 
the reigu of Howel the Good, king of Wales, who died in 198, 
laws were made to fix the prices of different animals, among 
which the cat was included, as being at that early period of 
great importance, on account of its scarcity and utility. The 
price of a kitten before it could see was fixed at one penny ; 
till proof could be given of its having caught a mouse, two- 
pence ; after which it was rated at four-pence — a great sum in 
those days, when the value of specie was extremely high. It 
was likewise required that the animal should be perfect iu its 
senses of hearing and seeing, should be a good mouser, have its 
claws whole, and, if a female, be a careful nurse. If it failed 
iu any of these qualifications, the seller was to forfeit to the 
buyer a third of the purchase-money. If any one should steal 
or kill the cat that guarded the prince's granary, the offender 
was to forfeit either a milch ewe, with her fleece and lamb, or 
as much wheat as, when poured on the cat suspended by its 
tail (its head touching the floor), would form a heap high 
enough to cover the tip of the tail. This is curious not only as 
a matter of history, but as showing that, while the wild cat of 
the country was so abundant as to be troublesome, the domestic 
species was apparently an import of great rarity, and of con- 
siderable value. 

INSTANCES OF ATTACHMENT. 

It is a vulgar and erroneous belief that cats are only attached 
to places : there are hundreds of instances on record where 
they have shown the most devoted and enduring attachment to 
persons who have treated them with kindness. A gentleman 
in the neighborhood of London had a tortoise-shell eat, which, 
though he never fed it, or paid much attention to it, formed an 
attachment for him equal to that of a dog. It knew his ring at 
the bell, and at whatever time he came home, it was rubbing 
against his legs long before the servant came, saw him into the 
sitting-room, and then walked off. It was a very active animal, 
and usually went bird-catching during the night; but when its 
master rose, which was generally early in the morning, the cat 
was always ready to receive him at the door of his room and 
accompanied him in his morning walk in the garden, alternate^' 
skipping to the tops of the trees, and descending and gamboling 
about him. When he was in his study, it used to pay him 
several visits in the day, always short ones; but it never 
retired till he had recognised it. If rubbing against his legs 
had not the desired effect, it would mount the writing-table, 
nudge his shoulder, and if that would not do, pat him on the 
cheek ; but the moment he had shaken it by the paw, and 
given it a pat or two on the head, it walked off. When he was 
indisposed it paid him several visits every day, but never con- 
tinued in the room ; and although it was fond of society 
generally, and also of its food, it never obtruded its company 
during meals. Its attachment was thus quite disinterested, and 
no pains whatever had been taken to train it. 

When M. Sonnini was in Egypt, he had an Angora cat, which 
remained in his possession for a long time- This animal was 
one of the most beautiful of its kind, and equally attractive in its 
manners and disposition. In Sonnini's solitary moments, she 
chiefly kept by his side; she interrupted him frequently in the 
midst of his labors or meditations, by little affecting caresses, 
aid generally followed him in his walks. During his absence, 
she sought and called for him incessantly, with the utmost 
inquietude; and if it were long before he reappeared she 
Would quit his apartment, and attach herself to the* person of 
the house where he lived- for whom, next to himself, she 



entertained the greatest affection. She recognized his voice at 
a distance, and seemed on each fresh meeting with him to feel 
increased satisfaction. Her gait was frank, and her look as 
gentle as her character. She possessed, in a word, the disposi- 
tion of the most amiable dog beneath the brilliant fur of a 
cat. 

Mohammed's cat must have ingratiated herself with her mas- 
ter in no common degree, for the prophet preferred cutting off 
the sleeve of his garment to disturbing the repose of his 
favorite, who had fallen asleep on it. It is said that Rousseau 
esteemed the cat more than the dog ; but though few will be 
inclined to go this length, the former is undoubtedly capable of 
close personal attachment, and knows how to recommend her- 
self to those for whom she feels an affection. Petrarch was so 
fond of his cat, that he had it embalmed after death, and placed 
in a niche of his apartment. Dr. Johnson, too, had his feline 
favorite, of which it is told that it once fell ill, and refused 
every kind of food that could be thought of, till at last an oyster 
was offered by accident, which it greedily seized, and seemed to 
relish. The doctor, thinking that his servants wonld not be 
over-attentive to the duties of cat-nurse, undertook the charge 
himself, went daily for a few oysters, brought them home iu his 
pocket, and administered them to poor Puss till she had quite 
recovered. The celebrated painter, Godefroi Miud, devoted 
himself almost exclusively to the paintiug of cats, in which he 
gained such celebrity, that he was distinguished by the appella- 
tion of the 'Raphael of eats.' He did not view them merely 
as subjects for art, but his attachment to the animal was 
unbounded. At one time hydrophobia prevailed to such an 
extent among the cats of Berne, that eight hundred were des- 
troyed in consequence of an order issued by the magistrates. 
Poor Mind was in the deepest grief for the death of the cats, 
nor was he ever after completely consoled. He had, however, 
so successfully secreted his own favorite cat, that she was 
spared. Minette was always near him when he was at work, 
aud he carried on a kind of conversation with her by gestures 
and words. Sometimes Minette occupied his lap, while two or 
three kittens were perched on his shoulder, or on the back of 
his neck, as he stooped at his occupation ; and thus he would 
remain for hours together without stirring, for fear of disturb- 
ing his companions, whose purring soothed and composed him. 
What made this the more remarkable was, that Mind was not 
particularly well-tempered, and that he could never be disturbed 
by visitors. His cat was no doubt equally attached to her 
master. 

One of the most affecting instances of personal attachment in 
the cat, is that mentioned by M. Ladoucette. Madame Hcl- 
vetius had a favorite, which constantly lay at her feet, seemingly 
always ready to defend her. It never molested the birds winch 
its mistress kept ; it would not take food from any hand save 
hers ; and would not allow any one else to caress it. At the 
death of her mistress, the poor cat was removed from her 
chamber, but it made its way there the next morning, went on 
the bed, sat upon her chair, slowly aud mournfully paced over 
her toilet, and cried most piteously, as if lamenting her poor 
mistress. After her funeral, it was found stretched on her 
grave apparently having died from excess of grief. Another 
equally remarkable instance is related by Mr. Pennant in his 
Account of London. Henry Wriothesley, Earl of Southampton 
the friend and companion of the Earl of Essex in his fatal 
insurrection having been some time confined in the 'fewer, was 
one day surprised by a visit from his favorite cat, which is s,ii,l 
to have reached its master by descending the chimney of his 
apartment. 

(To be continued.) 



The intoxication of anger, like that of the grape, shews 

us toothers, but hides us from ourselves. 



1* 



"V. 



&3fe^- 



% A<P K 



: >~: 



•dfi 164: 



f 



J IT "V IE 1ST I L IE IITSTRTJCTOE;. 



**&^ 



ft* 



1 

(ft 



|$ fttfttnili Itutmfou. 







CEORCE Q. CANNON - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1871. 

EDITORIAL THZOXJC3-BCTS. 

IIARLES, Duke of Bourbon, was the most 
powerful subject during the reign of Francis 
I. He was of noble birth, vast fortune 
and held the itnportaut office of Lord High 
Constable. Iu the war between Francis 
aud Charles V., Emperor of Germany and 
King of Spun, Francis disgusted the Duke 
of Bourbon by giving the command of the 
van of the army to another nobleman. This 
post of honor belonged to Bourbon as a 
prerogative of his office. This conduct of the 
king's was the more painful because it was done 
iu the presence of the whole army. The mother 
of King Francis had a strong enmity against 
Bourbon, and she did all in her power to injure 
him ; and she was very successful. Under her influ- 
ence the king treated the duke very coldly aud with 
great neglect. This treatment the Duke of Bourbon 
submitted to for some time, but he was a high-spirited 
and ambitious prince, and possessed great talents. Finally, 
the treatment that he received became unbearable, and to 
revenge himself, he entered into a conspiracy agaiust his king 
and endeavored to betray him to his enemy Charles V. His 
in was discovered, but Francis had so much confidence in 
him being a near relative, that he could not believe all he heard 
and Bourbon succeeded in escaping to Daly. His talents were 
of great service to the emperor Charles V., but he was a traitor, 
and no services that he could render could blot out the recollec- 
tion of that fa. -t. 

There is a feeling in men's minds which prompts them to 
despise traitors. When a mau betrays his country and goes 
over to the other side, he loses the confidence of his countrymen 
and he does no( gain the real friendship of the party which he 
joins. They distrust him. Having betrayed his country, what 
security have they that he will not betray them! and however 
important the services may be which he renders to the party 
that lie joins, the fact that he is a traitor is never forgotten. 

Benedict Arnold deserted the American cause, and tried to 
betray it. Hi escaped to the British; but though he fought 
against bis country, and became its most bitter enemy, he never 
succeeded in securing the confidence of the British; all men of 
honor despised him. 

So it i- with apostates from the truth. They deny their (lod, 
lose His favor and the confidence of their brethren, aud they 
gain nothing from the devil. He has no confidence in them. 
n.itber lias the world. Though men may think the Latter-day 
Saints mistaken in their views, and imagine that their doctrines 
ii false, still they admire integrity, aud a Latter-day Saint who 
is true to his religion and maintains it with constancy and 
fidelity, is respected by them. 

About two years after the Duke of Bourbon deserted Prance, 
he visited Spain, where the Emperor Charles was then residing. 
The Spanish people d< tested his crime, and shunned all inter- 
course with him, notwithstanding bis great talents and the 
important services he had rendered their emperor. Charles 
:i~krd ile Marquis de Villena to permit Bourbon to reside in 

bis palace While tie- court remained in Toledo; but the marquis 

politely replied, that be could not refuse gratifying bis sovereign 



in that respect ; but added, that the emperor must not be sur- 
prised if, the moment the Duke of Bourbon departed, he should 
burn to the ground the house, which, having been polluted by 
the presence of the traitor, had become an unfit habitation for 
a man of honor. We know of no sentiment recorded in history 
which more completely expresses than this the feeling of peo- 
ple of honor against traitors and apostates. 



SINCE we published our last number President Young and 
President Wells have been arrested on a false charge. 
President Young's health was very poor, and he was unable to 
go to court to give bail, so he was left free until he shoidd be 
better. President Wells gave bonds to the amount of five 
thousand dollars for his appearance. These servants of God 
are innocent of the acts of which they are accused ; but the 
base men who take these steps against them hope to vex, 
anuoy and disgrace them. If they can make them appear as 
criminals iu the eyes of the world, they hope to cut them off 
from public sympathy, and then they be left free to carry out 
their cruel and murderous designs. 

There is a story which we have heard of a Quaker and a 
dog that explains the course which these wicked people are 
taking. The story may not be true, but it is used to illustrate 
a principle. The Quakers do not believe in fighting or in kill- 
ing ; they are a peace-loving people, and on this account, the 
story receives greater point than if it were told about anybody 
else; 

A dog had offended a Quaker so that he wanted it killed ; 
but, beiug contrary to his principles, he did not want to kill it 
himself. He said to the dog : " I will not kill thee ; but I will 
give thee a bad name." He commenced bawling, il bad dog," 
" bad dog." Passers-by, hearing the cry of " bad dog," " bad 
dog," readily mistook it for " mad dog," and took up the cry, 
chased the poor creature and killed him. 

The men who are here, and who are filled with hatred against 
the Latter-day Saints, dare not at present kill them ; but they 
hope, by giving them a bad name, that they will excite others 
and especially the government, to take some steps towards 
killiug them. It is in this way that wicked men have treated 
the servants of God in every age ; they did so with Jesus, our 
Lord and Savior, and they have done so with all the prophets 
and apostles. The Savior was not crucified because they 
thought Him a good man, but because they considered Him too 
wicked to be allowed to live. The Romans did not kill Peter 
aud Paul because they thought them to be virtuous and holy 
men ■ but because they had the name of criminals. Neither 
was the Apostle Johu banished to the Isle of Patmos to work 
in the lead mines because he was thought to be a pure servant 
of God ; but because the wicked accused him of deeds of which 
he was not guilty, atid gave him the character of a wicked mau 
and transgressor of the laws. This is what the enemies of the 
Kingdom of God hope to do ia these days. They want to 
obtain a pretext for putting them iu prison, or for killing them; 
therefore they accuse them of crimes. But wo live in a differ- 
ent age to that in which the former apostles and prophets 
lived — an age in which God has established His kingdom never 
more to be thrown down. Therefore, the enemies of God's 
kingdom will not have the power they had iu former days; they 
will not be able to kill all the Lord's servants. 



rpHE work of persecution continues, and since the above 
J. occurrences took place, the Editor of the Juvenile Instructor 
has been arrested on a charge of the same character as those 
made against Presidents Young and Wells; and like them, he 
is also held under heavy bonds to appear at some early day to 
take his trial. Now, young friends, how do you suppose he 
feels? Dejected, or in trouble of mind? Not at all, he has 
long known that this is the Church and Kingdom of God; and 
he also knows that, though the Supreme Ruler may in His 



CT TT -\T IE Zr>r I LIE I1TSTRUCTOR. 



165 



providence permit trials and troubles to overtake His Saints 
and servants, He never fails to so over-rule such events that 
good alone is the result thereof; and hence he, in common 'with 
all the genuine servants and Saints of God, in this or any- 
other age, who have had to endure wrongs and indignities at 
the hands of the wicked and corrupt, feels to rejoice rather than 
mourn, that he is counted worthy to suffer for righteousness' 
sake. 

Never before, since the Church of God was organized upon 
the earth in this age, have things seemed more threatening, so 
far as the Saints are concerned ; and their enemies are chuck- 
ling and congratulating each other that the meshes of the web 
they have woven seem so compact and impossible to break. 
All the civilized world is now watching the course of events in 
Utah with as much interest as the fleeing Israelites when pur- 
sued by Pharaoh and his hosts were watched by those who 
were acquainted with that remarkable event. Aud indeed the 
cases of the Israelites and the government of the Egypt in those 
days and that of the Latter-day Saints and the government of 
the United States in these, present many features of a like 
character. The Egyptians were oppressed unmercifully by the 
people among whom they lived, and so have the Saints been, 
and to-day so skillfully and maliciously have snares been laid 
for the feet of the Saints, that escape for them from suffering 
seems about as impossible as escape from death by the 
Israelites when the sea was before them, Pharaoh and his hosts 
behind and the mountains on either side. This is the position 
of the Saints figuratively if not actually. But history records 
how gloriously and wonderfully God delivered His people then ; 
aud He is still the same God, and as ready now as then to 
defend and deliver those who put their trust in Him alone. 
The times seem dark and threatening, but they are glorious 
times, glorious for the Saints, for they will cause the faithful 
and true to feel more devoted than ever to the cause of truth ; 
and it is safe to say that never, for ages, probably never 
since the ease referred to above has the Almighty had a grander 
opportunity than now to vindicate His authority and deliver 
His people. And we feel sure that He will not fail to take 
advantage of it. 



"KISS ME, MAMMA."— "Kiss me, mamma, before I 
sleep." How simple a boon, yet how soothing to the little 
supplicant is that soft, gentle kiss. The little head sinks con- 
tentedly on the pillow, for all is peace and happiness within. 
The bright eyes close, and the rosy lip is reveling in the bright 
and sunny dreams of innocence. Yes, kiss it, mamma, for that 
good-night kiss will linger in memory when the giver lies 
mouldering in the grave. The memory of a gentle mother's 
kiss has cheered many a lonely wanderer's pilgrimage, and has 
been the beacon light to illuminate his desolate heart; for 
remember, life has many a stormy billow to cross, many a rug- 
ged path to climb, with thorns to pierce ; and we know not what 
is in store for the little one so sweetly slumbering, without 
marring care to disturb its peaceful dreams. The parched and 
fevered lip will become dewy again as a recollection bears to the 
sufferer's couch a mother's tove — a mother's kiss. Then kiss 
yourlittl les ere they sleep ; there is a magic power in that 

kiss which will endure to the end of life. 



Luck is ever waiting for something to turn up. Labor, with 
keen eyes and strong will, will turn up something. Luck lies 

in bed and wishes the post-man would bring him news of a 

legacy. Labor turns out at six o'clock, and with busy pen or 
ringing hammer, lays the foundation of a competence. Luck 
whines. Labor whistles. Luck relies on chances, Labor on 
character, Luck slips downward to indolence. Labor strides 
upward and to independence, 



THZIE 



[for Ihe Juvenile Instructor. 

o y:p:r,:e!ss. 



WE have here a picture of a Turkish cemetery. In front is 
a female mourner, sitting near the grave of some departed 
loved one, her face carefully veiled as is the custom iu the far 
eastern Asiatic lands. In the distance is a Mohammedan city ; 
its walls, its mosques and minarets, and flat roofed houses being 
quite distinguishable. Iu front is a beautiful grove of cypress 
trees, their straight slender forms and dense foliage forming a 
very agreeable picture, bespeaking shade and repose. 

It is a common custom in eastern countries to plant groves of 
cypress trees in cemeteries ; the branches of this tree were also 
ancieutly used at funerals. From this cause, this tree, has come 
to be considered an emblem of mourning for the dead, as the 
laurel has been chosen as an emblem of victory, and the palm 
that of triumph. 







, ■-■',»■■:> 



.; i 



In ages long since past the remains of the heroes of (jlreecc, 
and the embalmed bodies of Egypt's great ones were placed in 
coffins or cases of cypress wood, on account of its great dura- 
bility. Many suppose that the gopher wood, mentioned by 
Moses as being the substance of which the ark builded by 
Noah was framed, was cypress wood, but we think this is very 
doubtful. They draw their conclusion from the fact that 
cypress trees abound in the neighborhood of Mount Ararat 
where the ark rested after the flood, but they know nothing of 
the trees that grew in the land where the ark was constructed. 
They fancy it was somewhere in Asia Minor or in the regions 
round about. But Clod has revealed iu these days that the 
people who lived before the flood, dwelt on the laud we now 

call America, 

The Cypress is a native of warm climates, but has long 
.since been transferred, on account of tin' beauty of its evergreen 

foliage, to the gardens of the rich in colder climes. In Assyria, 

especially aboul Babylon, cypress trees still greatly abound. 

G K. 



Be very car. I'ul of your promises, aud just in Your perform- 
ances, ami remember it is better to do and not pi ise, than to 

promise and not perform, 



■te^&ti 



1 




JTJYBlsriLB I1TSTBUOTOB. 



H T S T O IR, 3T OF 
G IK XT K, o HI- 

(CtoH<t'n«ct?.) 



T IEEE E 



1) ESTLESS and intriguing men wore constantly forming ami 
V carrying out .schemes to drive the Saints off from their 
homes. Defeated in one direction they did not relinquish their 
purpose; but turned their attention to other plans. The 
description of their operations in one quarter will illustrate 
those which they carried on in many of the settlements where 
the Saints resided. A number of families of the Saints, after 
the expulsion from Missouri, had settled at and near Lima, 
Adams county, Illinois. The name of oue of these settlements 
was Yelrome, On the l4thof February, 1845, Father Isaac 
M ■ .i-l ey arrived at Nauvoo from that place with the news that 
five of the brethren had been arrested there on the charge of 
larceny; and it was reported that B warrant had been issued for 
his own arrest. These were trumped-up charges and had been 
framed for the purpose of producing excitement. Mobbers 
wanted a pretext for robbery and violence. Had the Saiuts 
broken the laws in any manner, they could have had this pre- 
text; bat this they did not do. They did not murder, steal, 
commit adultery or practice wrong ; therefore, to make them 
appears bad people, their enemies had to tell lies about and 
invent false charges against them. The plan which they 
adopted tn accomplish their purpose was a very cunning one. 
They had said they were thieves, uow if they could only prove 
tint they were, and publish this evidence to the world, they 
I urge this as a reason and justification for driving the 
Saint* from tluir homes and robbing them of their property, 
P> it. yon will ask, if the Saints did not steal, how could they do 
this? 

When men undertake to fight against the truth and to des- 
troy the people of God, they do not hesitate to use the most 
b i- and unworthy means to accomplish that end. The adver- 
sary leads them to believe that, in tint* acting, they arc doing 
i ; „1 aervi •<•. Hence, you will find in the Bible that it was the 
- who persecuted and killed the prophets. The men 
whose profession it was to teach the people what they called 
religion, were th • leaders in shedding the blood of the true ser- 
vants of God. [n the Book of Mormon you will find a similar 
history. It is not probable that the people, of King Noah 
would have burned the prophet Ahinadi if they bud been left to 
follow t!e-ir own feelings. But the priests <irj*< I hi* death and 

W re guilty of bringing him to the St ike. The Lord Jesus was 

brought to the cross by the same class. His principal enemies 
were the men who boasted of their religion, of their zeal in its 
cause and of their right to teach it to the people. They per- 

I themselves that they were promoting religion by cruci- 
fying Sim, whom they called an impostor aud teacher of false 

in. The history of the Church of Jesus Christ in these 
days is full of similar instances. The preachers have been the 

the people in pen ating the Saints. They were the 

foremost and most active men in bringing trouble upon the 
Prophet Joseph in the beginning of his career. They were in 
every mob which came against him and his brethren and sisters 
while- he lived, being especially prominent in driving the Saints 
from tic ir home, and poss --ions in the State ,,| Missouri and 
tic- mob who, with blackened faces, attacked Carthage jail and 
cruelly murdered him while an innocent, defem el -- prisoner 

within its wall-, WSJ led by a Baptist preacher! 

enemies of th • Saint- near Xelrome were nol slow to 
profit by these examples of their preachers. Wicked men 
were filled with covetousness and ■ ! ire- to rob 
and murder, could easily persuade themselves that it would be a 
ucritoriou ntrapthe Latter-day Saints and make 

them appear as crimi • nc but wicked men, over whom 

iWer, Would b ■ L'lliltV, however, 



I 

kit®** 



of such conduct. The plan they adopted was to take various 
articles aud go at night to the premises of the people whom they 
wished to accuse, and conceal them there. Theu they raised a 
hue and cry about these thiugs having been stolen from them. 
Of course they would express their suspicions that the "Mor- 
mons" had stolen them, and would get out search warrants to 
examine their premises. " Those who hide, know how to find " 
is an old proverb, and they had no difficulty in finding the 
missing goods. It was thus that the five brethren spoken of 
were arrested for larceny. This plan, aud others of a similar 
character, were adopted to get out writs against the brethren in 
other places as well as Yelrome. An old trick this of those 
who wanted to raise a mob, and it seems, from the present pro- 
ceedings against President Young aud other leading men of this 
city, that the devil has not forgotten it. By getting out writs 
of this kind against innocent men they hoped to provoke resist- 
ance to the form of legal authority, and thus produce a collision 
between the Saints and the State. Theu they could call upon 
the State for help, which is precisely the course our enemies 
are pursuing here now, with this difference, that it is with the 
United States they would like to draw us into difficulty at the 
present time. This subject came up for consideration in coun- 
cil, and it was decided that it was best for those who were 
hunted with writs to go ou missions, so that this cause of diffi- 
culty might be evaded until the Temple could be finished. 
(To be continued.) 



BOYS JL.3 FARMERS. 



INHERE are so many bright spots in the life of a farm-boy, 
that I sometimes think I should like to live the life over 
again ; I should almost be willing to be a girl, if it were not 
for the chores. There is a great comfort to a boy in the 
amount of work he can get rid of doing. It is sometimes 
astouishing to see how slow he can go ou an errand, he who 
leads the school in a race. The world is new aud interesting 
to him, and there is SO much to take his attention off when he 
is sent to do anything. Perhaps he couldn't explain why 
himself, when he is sent to the neighbor's after yeast, he Stops 
to stone the frogs ; he is not exactly cruel, but he wants to see 
if he can hit 'em. No other living thing can go so slow as a 
boy sent on an errand. His legs seem to be dead, unless he 
happens to spy a woodchuck in an adjoining lot when he gives 
chase to it like a deer; and it is a curious fact about boys, that 
two will be a great deal slower in doing anything than one, aud 
the more you have to help on a piece of work the less is 
accomplished. Boys have a power in helping each other to do 
nothing; and they are so innocent about it, and unconscious. 
" I went as quick as ever I could," says one boy, when his 
father asks him why he didn't stay all night, when lie had been 
absent three hours on a ten minutes' errand. The sarcasm had 
no effect on the boy. 

(Joing after the cows was a serious thing in my day. I had 
to climb up a hill which was covered with wild strawberries in 
tbe season. Could any boy pass by those ripe berries? And 
then iii the fragrant hill pasture, there were beds of winter- 
green with red berries, tufts of columbine, roots of sassafras to 

be dug, and dozens of things L - 1 to cat or to .smell, which I 

could not resist. It sometimes even lay in my way to climb a 
tree to look for a crow's nest, or to swing in tin' top. or to see 
if I could see that steeple of the village church. J t became 
very important sometimes for me to see the steeple; and in the 
midst of my investigation the tin horn would blow a great 
blast from the farm-house, which would send a cold chill 
down my back, in the hottest days. I knew what it meant. 
It bad a frightfully impatient quiver in it, not at all like the 
SWeel note thai called us to dinner from the bay-field, It said : 
"Why Oil earth doesn't tli.it boy conic home? It is almost 



•fe^gti 



Jfi 



^§^" 



JUYEITILE IUSTBTJCTOR. 



167 



dark, and the cows aiu't milked ! " And that was the time the 
cows had to start into a brisk pace and make up for lost time. 
I wonder if any boy ever drove the cows home late, who did 
not say that the cows were at the further end of the pasture, 
and that, " Old Brindle was hidden iu the wood, and he 
couldn't tind her for ever so long." The brindle cow is the 
boy's scapegoat many a time. 

No other boy knows how to appreciate a holiday as the farm 
boy does ; and his best ones are of a peculiar kind. Going fish- 
ing is of course one sort. The excitement of rigging up tackle, 
digging bait, and the anticipation of great luck, — these are pure 
pleasures, enjoyed because they are rare. Boys who can go 
fishing any time, care but little for it. Tramping all day 
through brush and brier, fighting flies and mosquitoes, 
and branches that tangle the line, and snags that break the 
hook, and returning home late and hungry, with wet feet and a 
string of speckled trout on a willow twig, and have the family 
crowd out at the kitchen door to look at 'em, and say, "Pretty 
well done for you, bub, did you catch that big one yourself?" 
This is also pure happiness, the like of which the boy will 
never have again ; not if he comes to be a selectman and a 
deacon, and to "keep store." 

But the holidays I recall with delight were the two days in 
Spring and Fall, when we went to the distant pasture land, in a 
neighboring town, may be, to drive thither the young cattle and 
colts, and to bring them back again. It was a wild and rocky 
upland where our great pasture was, many miles from home, 
the road to it running by a brawling river, and up a dashing 
brookside among great hills. What a day's adventure it was! 
It was like a journey to Europe. The night before I could 
scarcely sleep for thinking of it; and there was no trouble 
about getting up at sunrise that morning. The breakfast was 
eaten, the lunch was packed in a large basket. 

I wish the journey would never end ; but at last by noon we 
reach the pasture and turn in the herd ; and after making the 
tour ot the lots to make sure there are no breaks in the fence, 
we take our luncheon from the wagon and eat it under the trees 
by the spring. This is the supreme moment of the day. This 
is the way to live; this is like the Swiss Family Robinson, and 
all the rest of my delightful acquaintances in romance. Baked 
beans, rye-and-Indian bread (moist, remember), doughnuts and 
cheese, pic and root beer. What richness ! You may live to 
dine at Dclmonico's or at Phillippe's in the Rue Montorguell in 
Paris, where the good Thackeray used to eat as nice a dinner as 
anybody, but you will get there neither doughnuts, nor pie, nor 
root beer, nor anything so good as that luncheon at noon in the 
old pasture, high among the Massachusetts hill ! Nor will you 
ever, if you live to be the oldest boy in the world, have any 
holiday equal to the one I have described. Bat I have always 
regretted that I did not take a fish-line, just to " throw in " the 
brook we passed. I know there were trout there. 

.V' h r/i ll. 



-A. TRUE 



[ For the Juvenile Imtruclor, 

STORY. 



ll[K suppose that many if not all of our yuung readers have 

II heard of Edinburgh. It is the capital city of Sootlaod, 

I )u aooounf of the many beautiful buildings which it contains, it 

is sometimes called Modern Athens, Athens being the not I 

an ancient city, the capital of Greece, celebrated in history for 
ii- plendid architecture and intellectual culture of its inhabit- 
ants, Jn Edinburgh there are the widest extremis of riches 
and poverty, cleanliness a' d filth, beautiful palatial mansions 
and tall dingy looking dwelling places, It is divided into two 
parti called the old and new towns, (lie new portion being 

probably unequalled in the world for tine streets and buildings, 

while the old is equally distinguished for the opposite, ami 



it is in the latter part of the city that the incident occurred 
which I will relate. 

There is a street running from the castle, which is near the 
centre of the city, down to Holyrood palace, where the kings 
and queens of Scotland used to live. A portion of this is called 
High Street, and some of the buildings on it are ten stories 
high. Those tall buildings are divided off into tenements and 
sometimes as many as forty families occupy one tenement, each 
family having from one to two rooms. As would be readily 
supposed, those families, being packed so closely together, 
never enjoy anything like fresh air in their houses, and some- 
times they have very little light. But I do not wish to des- 
cribe those thiugs to you at present only so far as they will 
enable you to understand the nature of the following inci- 
dent: 

Seven years ago this coming winter an event happened on 
High Street which thrilled many a heart. It was a beautifully 
clear night, cold and frosty, and the stars shone out peacefully 
as if no disastrous occurrence was at hand. It was past mid- 
night aud the streets were almost deserted, save by a few 
drunken wretches who staggered towards their homes, when a 
loud rumbling noise was heard, as of distant thunder, then a 
rushing sound, and finally a great crash, as if some great body 
had fallen to the earth. This was followed by shrieks and 
groans of agonizing pain and distress. Soon the uews spread 
abroad that one of those vast tenements, containing about forty 
families, had fallen to the ground, crushing, mangling and, in 
some instances, almost tearing in pieces, men, women and 
children. 

All classes of people, as fast as the news of the catastrophe 
spread, rushed to the scene of the accident, and at seeing so 
many human beings hurled into eternity without a moment's 
notice, not only women and children, but even strong men 
wept. 

Strange as it may appear, some who were in the building 
escaped unhurt, while others who were taken out alive, iu most 
cases were terribly iujurcd. The great majority, however, 
were instantly killed. Hundreds of strong, willing hands were 
soon at work clearing away the rubbish and getting out the 
poor sufferers and the dead. The great building being com- 
posed of stone, however, the work was slow. I wish to tell 
you of a little incident which occurred during the process of 
removing the rubbish aud getting out the dead and wounded, 
which showed great presence of mind on the part of a boy. 
After the men had been engaged for over a night and a day, 
and when no one expected to find any more alive, one of the 
workmen thought he hoard a voice from among the rubbish, 
but it was so faint as to be scarcely audible, lie informed his 
fellow workmen, and they worked away speedily and cautiously 

till they came to a huge beam, which it becalm cessary to 

remove, and when in the act of lifting it, the voice was again 
heard, this time more distinctly, for these were the words they 
heard, "Heave awa', men, I'm no deid yet." Which mean-. 
" Heave away, men, I am not dead yet." When the beam and 
some other portions of the material wen- taken away, a yellow 
haired boy, about twelve years of age, was discovered unhurt, 
hut very weak for want of food and air. The great beam 
under which he lay had caused the small space, in which In- was 
huddled, to bo left, and prevented him from being crushed t.i 
death by keeping oil' the other material. The poor little fellow 

was carefully taken out, nursed and cared for, ami BOOn regained 

his strength. The writer saw him a short time after tl mi 

renee of the catastrophe. 

About a year after ill" above event, the writer visited the 
scene of the disaster, and found on the ground where stood the 
old structure, a line now stone building, and over the main 
entrance, carved in tho solid stono, the faoo of a boy ; i' wa a 
likeness of the yellow bain id boy, and immediately over ii «■ i 

the word- "UcaVOawa 1 , men. I'm no deid yet." .1. Y 



'n 

\ 



.~> 



'*%• 



ill 



1 



w 



^.' 



4&i 



ffi 168 



ifSt 



i 
*& 



J-TJYBITILB I1TSTRTJCTOR. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






8 



uijitta.1 jPosIub. 



E O IEL O E S-IST O 1 . 



PE>OVO SXJJnTID.A.'Y" SCHOOL. 



4 LL the changes produced by the mutual re-action of bodies 
it are caused by the operation of some force; if bodies 
undergo a change that affects their nature the change is a 
"chemical" one; if they merely move, or change their shape 
or condition ■without a re-arrangement of their constituent ', 
particles the change is "physical." 

Instances of changes of the first khid are familiar to the young 
student : an acid and an alkali hoth in powder (tartaric acid and 
l'i-carbouatc of soda, for instance] may be intimately mixed 
together, and even rubbed together in a mortar without any 
chemical change whatever, unless water is added. Then 
it will be Been that a change of constituents and re-arrange- 
ment take place, violent action results, gas is liberated, and an 
inert body i- produced (neither acid nor alkaline. . The elements 
of that gas (C '2 O) were in the powder or this chemical action 
would not have taken place; in the dry state those elements 
were heJd together by a force, or power, and it required a 
DOWer exactly equal to it to bring about the change seen. 
That kind of power is known as ''chemical force." 

There is a force also that holds bodies together which is 
related to that named. l>u( which is not chemical, viz. "cohesion." 
This force i- exerted among simple and compound bodies, both 
Bolid and liquid. Sulphur, iron, and many of the elementary 
bodies are held together by the force of cohesion. The diamond 
(carbon i is an illustration of the cohesive force with which the 
simple elements can be held together. Simple bodies may also 
i, as, fir instance, when iron is covered with another 
• >r platinum which may be Welded to glass. This kind 
of force when exerted among bodies is called "adhesion." The i 
force of cohesion may be destroyed by pulverization and more 
completely by heat. Many solids, probably all, may be reduced 
to the liquid and even the gaseous state by the force of beat; 
but, the mere separation of the particles from each other does 
not necessarily change the chemical nature of bodies, this may 

■I in toe, water and steam, which in either of these -tads 

are precisely the same compound of oxygen and hydrogen; and 
in platinum, iron and carbon which, under the intense hi 
the Voltaic battery may be brought into the state of vapor and 
actually passed in an invisible state from one p ,].■ to another. 

Th tre i- another force that has to be noticed that of " capillary 
attraction," as it i- called. This is bo very curious, being 
opposed to our id is of gravitation, that when once noticed it 
will not be forgotten. Wo do nol expect a thing to lilt itself, 
y t ■ tlnid can be made to do bo by attention to the following 
requirements ; First, proi urea glass tube with a very fine bore, 
dip one and into a glass of colored water, it will be seen that 
the fluid is much higher than the level of the water in the 
[f the diameter of the tube is about the fiftieth of an inch 
in diameter the colored water will rise two and a half inches. 
This i-, in reality, a form of oohosivc force, it is oxi rted and 
may be noticed in water in a tumbler the surface of which is 

concavi in cons quci if the rising of the water at the sides 

of the glass by attraction. Many remarkable phi nonicna in 
nature an- the result of this kind of force, the Bap of trees is 

to great heights, the oil or spirit 01 our lamp- n 
the wic k by this power of capillary attrai 

BETH. 



ti sr.. — " Marching through Georgia? 



< Hir Sunday School in Provo, is a splendid place for youth, 
Likewise for those of riper years this might be said, forsooth, 
For there we're taught the Gospel, which embraces every truth; 

Then come and join our Sunday School in 1'rovo. 

C'nonus. 

Then conic! oh I come! respond to tin.-- our cull, 

Then conic! oh, conic! our school is free to nil, 

No matter what your age or sex, or whether short or tall, 

< >h ! come and join our Sunday School in Provo. 

We've classes for beginners, in their first attempt to read, 
Then ns the pupils, step by step, in learning's path proceed 

We've teachers Who are competent in every grade to lend -, 
Then come and join our Sunday School in Provo. 

The Bible, Book of Mormon, and good books of every kind 
Wherein arc found instructions lit to elevate the mind, 
Are rend, and then commented on, by those who feci inclined 
To come and join our Sunday School in Provo. 

The principles of language and its grammar we are taught, 
Including composition, or connecting word with thought, 
That we may know how to express our feelings as wc ought, 
Then come and join our Sunday School in Provo. 

We shiii the songs of Zion too, and praise the living Gad, 

For lie sustains the Priesthood, and controls the "Iron Rod." 
And by His Spirit we discern the path that should be trod, 
Then conic and join our Sunday School in Provo. 

IfKNliV Maibbn. 



USEFULNESS. 



The little laughing stream that strays 
So merrily down the mountain ways, 
I las its own work to do. 

lis burden of fresh and fragrant earth, 

To strengthen the spent soil and feed its dearth: 

Toils mission it is true. 

Hut if the little stream should saj 

• I will not throw my wealth away; 
Here will I pause and rest." 
So longer pure, uo longer true, 

II could not mirror heave's blue 
i Hi its dark and sluggish breast. 

i ' Ihiis, if we our lives employ 
in :\\ big unto others j iy, 

Thin Bblglng as we go ; 
( >ur li\. s shall Dow iii melody, 

Unto I In- deep heart of the sea. 

\\ hither all fountain (low. 



.v, /.,-/,,/. 



Read ' which it would benefit you to remember. 



JUVENILE IJNrSTE-UCTOR 

Ih published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVkky OTHER BATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Nnij/h: I '<<i>u, jirr Annum $;! .Mi. 

Ntut/lr. < </'/, /'/;■ Nix Miui'/i.s 1 60. 

**- Grain brought to this City for tbe JuvKau.lt Imsuuotor will b 1 
the oflee of our paper- Dmkkki n i v\ - r.i m.ium.n. 



1 jk 



