

SO^IE children seem to think the iTOcess of washing, to 
which their mothers so Irequently subject them, is a great 
and unnecessary hardship. 

We know a little boy of thi^ class, who regards with par- 
ticular horror those evenings when his mother is in the habit 
of preparing a tub of 
warm water and dous- 
ing and scrubbing him 
all over in it. 

He calls the evening 
on which he has to 
undergo this infliction 
"tub night," and 
he frequently inquires 
with a good deal of 
concern, as the eve- 
ning approaches, "Ma, 
is this 'tub night?' " 

When he learns that 
it really is "tub night, " 
and that he must be 
washed all over, he 
sometimes grows quite 
vehement in express- 
ing his disgust for it, 
and is rather reluctant 
about getting into the 
tub. 

On the contrary, his 
brother and his little 
sister quite enjoy the 
evening bath, and pad- 
dle about in the water 
and consider it fine 
fun unless they happen 
to get soap in their 
eyes, and we can't 
blame them for not 
enjoying it then. We wouldn't enjoy it either. 

We wonder how that little bny would like to be a coalujiner, 
and have to work away down in the ground all day, getting 
out coal, where it is so dark that he couldn't see without he 
had a candle or lamp burning close l.y him, and almost too 




warm to wear clothes. Every night would have to be "tub 
night" with him then; for the coal-dust would make him 
almost as black as a negro. 

We fancy he wouldn't like that kind of life. Yet there are 
many boys who have to work so, whether they like it or not, 

and until quite recent- 
h in the coal-mining 
districts in the "old 
countries," boys not 
more than six or seven 
years old were corn- 
pelled by their parents 
or taskmasters to work 
in those deep and 
dark and damp mines. 
Laws, however, have 
been passed during 
late years prohibiting 
boys under thirteen 
\ears of age from 
working in coal-mines 
in Great Britain, and 
requiring them also 
to have a certain 
amount of schooling 
before they arrive at 
that age, and a con- 
sequent improvement 
m that respect has 
taken place. 

One cannot help 
rejoicing that such 
laws are enforced, 
^\hen he hears old col- 
liers relate the hard- 
ships they were forced 
to endure as children. 
They would scarcely 
ever see daylif;ht for months at a time except on Sundays, 
being required to descend into the mines before daybreak in 
the morning and never come up again until after dark at night. 
In striking ('ontrast to these peo|ile who wash all over every 
day, are the K.M|uimaux, vilio, it is i-aid, never wash from their 





98 



CrTJArEItTILIE IIN'STi^.TJGTOI?.. 




birth to their death. True, they will go in the water some- 
times. Indeed, thej' are generally very expert seamen, par- 
ticularlj' in managing their wonderful "kia," or canoe, but 
the idea of washing never enters their minds. 

We can imagine what an accumulation of soot and grease 
they will get on their faces and bodies in time, living as they 
do, cooped up in their snow-huts, subsisting mostly on flesh, and 
cooking it and warming themselves over a smoking oil-lamp. 
It is said that when an Eiquimaux once gets thoroughly 
cleansed he loses several shades of his original color. 

Captain Hall in his "Life with the EMjuiraaux," tells how 
a little girl of that race was ''Americanized." He .says: 

'Mr. Rogers and I, at a suggestion from me, thought it 
best to commence the change of nationality with soap and 
water. The process was slow, that of arriving at the beautiful 
little girl, whom we at length found, though deeply imbedded 
layer after layer in dirt. Then came the taj-k of making her 
toilet. With a very coarse comb I commenced to disentangle 
her hair. She had but little, the back part from behind her 
ears having been cut short off on account of severe pains in 
her head. How patiently she submitted to the worse than 
curry-comb process 1 had to use ! This was the first time in 
her life that a comb had been put to her head. Her hair was 
filled with moss, seal and reindeer hairs, and many other 
things, too numerous to call them all by name. Poor little 
thing! Yet she was fat and beautiful, the very picture of 
health. Her cheeks were as red as the blown rose; Nature's 
vermilion was upon them." 

We hope our young readers will not get the idea from this 
that living in filth and never washing the body is conducive 
to health. Such is really not the case. On the contrary, we 
need not expect to enjoy health unless wo are cleanly. 

It is more excusable in the ignorant Esquimaux to neglect 
the washing of their bodies than it would be in us. We are 
taught that "cleanliness is next to Godliness." We know, 
also, that a person is much more pleasant and attractive and 
lovable when he is neat and cleanly than when he is dirty and 
slovenly. This alone should be sufficient to cause us to be par- 
ticular about washing our bodies and keeping our clothes clean 
and tidy. If children do not choose to be thus scrupulous, 
their mothers are to be honored for compelling them to be 
cleanly, even if they have to make every evening "tub night" 
to do so. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH, 



^: 



( C'lndiuied from page 8". ) 

WHIIjH the Prophet Joseph was gathering up the Elders 
of Israel to go to Missouri, to assist the brethren who 
had been driven from Jackson County, Brother Krigham 
Young was preaching to the people, and laboring for the sup- 
port of his family. He, himself, also made his calculations 
upon going up in that coinpany. 

One day, he and his brother Joseph met the Prophet 
Joseph, and the conver.-ation turned upon the subject of the 
camp of Zion going up to Miss^ouri. 

He said to them; "Brother Brigham and Brother Joseph, 
if you will go with me in liie camp to Missouri and keep my 
counsel, 1 promise you in the name of the .\luiighty, that I 
will lead you there and back again, and not a hair of your 
heads shall be harmed." 

At this they gave their hands to the P.ophct to confirm the 
covenaDt. 



On the 7th and 8th of May the camp organized, and on the 
latter day started on its journey. On the 23rd of June the 
camp arrived at Kush Creek, Clay County, Missouri. About 
seventy of the brethren had been attacked with cholera, and 
eighteen of them died. 

The Prophet Joseph called the members of the camp 
together, and told them if they would humble themselves 
before the Lord, and covenant that they would from that time 
forth obey his counsel, that the plague should be stopped 
from that very hour, and there should not be another case of 
sickness in camp. The brethren, then, with uplifted hands, 
covenanted that they would from that very hour hearken to his 
counsel and obey his word ; and the plague was stayed accord- 
ing to the words of the Lord through [lis servant. 

The camp having pet formed the labors assigned it, Brother 
Brigham Young, accompanied by his brother Joseph and 
several other brethren, started for home on the 4th of July. 

They arrived at Kirtland in August, having walked all the 
way. The round trip of about 2,000 miles had been per- 
formed on foot in a little over three months, averaging forty 
miles a day while traveling. 

During the fall and winter. Brother Brigham dwelt in Kirt- 
land, and was occupied in quarrying rock, working on the 
temple, and finishing off' the printing office and school-room. 

On the 1-tih of February, ISS;"), he was called to be one of 
the Twelve Apostles. The Twelve were selected in the follow- 
ing order: Lyman E. Johnson, Brigham Young, Heber C. 
Kimball, Orson Hyde, Luke Johnson, David W. Patten, 
William E. McLellin, John F. Boynton, William Smith, 
Orson Pratt, Thomas B. Marsh, and Parley P. Pratt. 

From this time forward until the death of the Prophet 
Joseph, the duties of his apostleship claimed all Brother 
Brigham's attention. 

When not on missions preaching the gospel he was laboring 
at home in the ministry, standing by and sustaining the 
Prophet Joseph to the extent of his faith, influence and 
means. His public duties were important and numerous, yet 
he sustained himself and family by his own exertions. He 
was a wise, economical manager, and the Lord blessed him in 
providing for his own household, and in rendering aid to 
others and to the work. 

Upon returning from one of his missions to the Eastern 
States, Brother Brigham Ibund that the spirit of speculation, 
di.saff'ection and apostasy, imbibed by many of the Twelve 
Apostles, and which ran through all the quorums of the 
Church, prevailed so extensively that many were bewildered, 
and it was dilficult for any to see clearly the path to pursue. 

Tho.se were days when men and women needed revelation 
from the Lord to guide them in the right course. Without it 
they would be confused; for the leading Elders of the Church 
joined in denouncing Joseph as a fallen prophet, and how 
could the people decide who were the servants of God unless 
He, by Mis Spirit, told them. 

In his history, ]{rotlier Brigham describes one scene which 
occurred at this time, in wliich he was a prominent actor. It 
clearly exhibits the condition of feeling which prevailed 
among the men who had been most intimately connected 
with the Prophet. We give it in President Young's own lan- 
guage : 

"Oil ft certain occaaion several of the Twelve, llie witnesses to 
the Hiiok iif Mormon, and others of the authorities of the 
Church, held n council in tlie upper room of the temple. The 
question hefore them was to ascertain how the Prophet Joseph 
could be depo-ied, and David Whitmer appointed President of 
the Church. 





CrTJ"SrElZ^IILjE IIsrSTI^TJOT'OI^. 




"Father John Smith, Brother Heber C. Kimball and others 
were present, who were opposed to such measures. I arose up, 
and in a plain and forcible manner told them that Joseph was a 
Prophet, and I knew it, and that they might rail and slander him 
as much as they pleased, they could not destroy the appointment 
of the Prophet of God, they could only destroy iheir own 
authority, cut the thread that bound them to the Prophet and to 
God, and sink themselves to hell. 

"Many were highlj- enraged at my decided opposition to their 
measures, and Jacob Bump (an old pugilist) was so exasperated 
that he could not be still. Some of the brethren near him put 
their hands on him, and requested him to be quiet; but he 
writhed and twisted his arms and body, saying: 'How can I keep 
my hands off that man ?' I told him if he thought it would give 
him any relief he might lay them on. 

"This meeting was broken up without the apostates being able 
to unite on any decided measures of opposition. This was a 
crisis when earth and hell seemed leagued to overthrow the 
Prophet and Church of God. The knees of many of the 
strongest men in the Church faltered." 

(To he Continued.) 



JOTTINGS BY A YOUNG 
MISSIONARY. 



BY STREBEN. 




( Continued from page 86. ) 

WHEN the city of Strasburg was being bombarded by the 
Germans, ilie cathedral seemed to be one of the chief 
objects at which lliey aimed. 

On the night of the 25th of August, ISTO, the fire started, 
and notwithstanding the almost superhuman endeavors of the 
inhabitants to extinguish the flames, the woodwork was 
totally destroyed. 

Amid the crash of falling timbers, and in the glare of the 
seething and destructive flames, the light of which reddened the 
whole heavens, could be heard the roar of the distant artillery, 
the bursting of bombs and the agonizing groans of the dying. 

Words fail to express the horrors of that destructive siege. 

Finally, the French surrendered, and at the close of the 
war the Germans commenced the dangerous as well as tire- 
some work of rebuilding the destroyed portions of the struc- 
ture, which, after a few months, was again equal in beauty to 
what it formerly was. 

This majestic old building contains many remarkable and 
interesting details and curiositie.s. In its construction it shows 
various orders of church architecture. This is not to be won- 
dered at when we think of the length of time occupied in its 
erection, and also of the many diff'erent masters who have 
been engaged at various times, and each of whom has left an 
exhibition of his skill and talents in some part of the struc- 
ture. 

The outside of the cathcilral may be said to contain the 
greater part of the IJible written in stone. Over the principal 
portal is a representation of the world's creation; Adam and 
Kve in the garden of Kien, and their expulsion therefrom ; 
Abel's death at the hands of his brother Cain ; Noah's ark ; 
the tower of Babel; Abraham's offering; Joseph and his 
brethren; the kingdom of Solomon, and many other of the 
great events recorded in the holy scriptures. 

Over the two smaller portals are rciiresentations of events 
which transpired in the life of Jesus and Ills apostles. A 
representation of the day of judgment occupies a very prom- 



inent place on the front of the building, and, as is generally 
the case in all Catholic representations of this event, the popes 
are shown as being the gate-keepers of heaven. 

A staircase with three hundred and thirty steps leads to the 
so-called platform, which is really the roof covering the one 
uncompleted tower of the cathedral. On the platform is a 
small building, inhabited by the watchman of the upper part 
of the building. I applied to him for permission to ascend 
the tower, which was readily granted upon the payment of a 
small sum. 

The ascent of the tower was not unattended with danger, 
for the stairs were narrow and steep, and a mis-step would be 
attended with serious consequences. A few moments at the 
dizzy bight to which 1 ascended was sufiicient to satisfy me, 
and although the view to be had was most excellent, still I 
felt that it would be more pleasant to again stand on solid 
ground. 

I next proceeded to view the inside of the church. The 
two rows of mas.sive red sandstone columns which support the 
arches of the middle nave, may be said to divide the large 
hall into three aisles. The middle aisle has a bight of ninety- 
five feet and a breadth of forty-two feet, while the side aisles 
equal only about three-fourths of these measurements. 

The only sunlight which the hall obtains comes through the 
painted glass windows, and this is very weak, and has a ten- 
dency to give everything a solemn appearance. 

Manj' mementoes of those who contributed, either by 
money, talents, or in any other way towards the erection of the 
cathedral, are to be seen here; but the wonderful and world- 
renowned astronomical clock is the centre of attraction. 

The first astronomical and automatical clock of which Stras- 
burg became the possessor, was constructed in the j'ear 1352, 
and placed in this same church. In 1574 another clock was 
finished, which was more complicated and of greater beauty 
than the first. This answered every purpose for which it was 
constructed, until the year 1789, when it stopped, and no one 
could be found to again put it in running order. 

Although this clock was a most ingenious piece of mechan- 
ism, still it showed the erroneous ideas of the former 
generations in regard to the heavenly bodies. As an astron- 
omical clock it was imperfect, and not at all adapted to the 
present knowledge in this direction. 

Schwilgue, a mechanic of Strasburg, received a commission 
to again sot the works of the clock in motion. He took the whole 
machine out of the ca.se, and replaced it by a complete and 
new invention of his own ; and this proved to be far superior 
to any of the former inventions. At midnight on the 31st of 
December^of every year the clock regulates it.self for the next 
year. 

The diff'erent parts forming the clock are as follows : Below, 
stands a globe representing the celestial sphere, which con- 
tains over five thousand stars. It is in constant motion, and 
is arranged to show the position of the heavenly orbs as seen 
from Strasburg. 

Behind this is the everlasting calendar in a moveaV)le circle, 
and by this are statues of Apollo and Diana, while in the 
background are allegorical representations of the I'our world 
monarchies. 

In the middle space is the clock, giving the hour, minute 
and second of the day. On the left side of this is a circular 
disk, and the pointers on the same show all the feasts and holy 
days, as they are generally fiiund in the almanacs. 

On the right side is an instrument showing the positions of 
the sun and moon in reference to the earth. This, in conncc 





lOO 



CTTJ'VEn^ILIE] inNTSTIE^TJGTOTEe.. 



-^^ 



tion with the many other parts of this wonderful iovention is, 
in constant motion. 

Above, for it must be remembered that the whole clock is 
about thirty feet high, is seen the so-called Lion Gallery, in 
the middle of which is a small dial. On each side are two 
small statues; one strikes a bell ever quarter of an h mr, and 
the other reverses the hour-glass which he holds in his hand, 
every hour. 

Next comes (lie planetarium, on which are seen the seven 
visible planets, according to their positions in their revolutions 
around the sun. Above this are shown the different phases of 
the moon. 

In the four corners of this gallery are figures which desig- 
nate the four seasons of the year. On one side is a 
representation of the Christian church, and on tha other, the 
anti-Christian party. 

A smaller division contains four small movable figures, 
representing the four ages of man. These strike the different 
((uarter hours; the first is sounded by chiLlhood, the second 
by youth, the third by manhood, and the fouith by old age. 
As the fourth quarter is struck, death comes along and strikes 
the full hour. 

Above, as a crowning piece to the whole, is a representation 
of Jesus in His glory, and at twelve o'clock every day His 
twelve di;ciples pass by Him, .'■howing their re-pect by bowing 
the head to Him ; and as the figure rei)resenting Judas, His 
betrayer, passes by, it bends much lower than all the rest. 

While this performance is going on, the cock flaps his wings 
and crows three times, as a remembrance of Peter's denial of 
his Lord and ^Master. 

This whole invention is beautifully painted and finished. 
I am woll aware that the above imperfect de.-cription is not 
suflTicient to give you a complete conception of this world's 
wonder, but it may perhaps tend to help to form an idea of 
the igenu'.ty of the inventor, and of the remarkable talents of 
which he was the possesi-or. 

(7b he Cmtfiiiui'il.) 



DEFENSE OF PLURAL 
]M A Pt R I A G E . 




''PHE following letter was written by a young lady of this 
-^ city (who prefers not to have ,her name publi.^hed) to a 
friend. It is such an excellent defense of one of the principles 
of our religion for such a youthful writer to make, that we 
cheerfully give it a place in our columns : 

.Salt Lakh Citv, 

MMrcli 2Sth, 18S1. 

.i/;.s, . 

Dp;ar Frif:xd: — Tour fiivor dateJ iliircli lUtli ciiiiio 
duly to hand, and I do-ire to answer your ipicstions in tlioir 
order iis inlclligcntly as I itni ubln to do. 

You first pre.«uinc that I Imve resided in this city for a iiuiiilier 
of years. I will say that 1 have lived here nearly sixteen years, 
for I WHS born here. 

You wxl ask if it is truo that I am a believer in the doctrine 
of plunility of wives, and if so, what are my reasons for .so 
believing. 

They iirr- thc-c: It lias been taught nic by irty parents and 
grandparents, who. like ihe apostle Peter (as recorded in Mm/; .r. 
20), left their homes, relatives and friends and nil to follow Jesus. 
This doulrine. iiUo, is one of many tliat have been revealed in tliis 
age by the I> Tfl, through the I'roidiet Joseph Smith, whose 
divine authority I am a firm believer in, and 1 have the best of 
reasons for such a liclief. 



In a revelation contained in the Doctrine and Covenants, given 
July 12th, ]84o, the Lord says "if ye abide not that covenant, 
then are ye damned ; for no one can reject this covenant, and be 
permitted to enter into my glory " 

You will do well to read the whole of the revelation. You will 
find it in sec. lo2, page 4G3, new eilition 

Now this is a revelation unto this generation, and even if the 
Bible did not sanction if, it should not prevent this generation 
from obeying it. But I will lu-oceed to show 3'ou that the Bible 
does sanction it. 

You will find that almost all the holy men of God of any note 
had a plurnlit,y of wives, as recorded in the Bible. I will 
refer j-ou to Xbraham, who is often spi.ken of in the scriptures 
as the friend of (Jod. Jes\is phiinly told the Jews, when they 
were boasting of being the seed of Abraham, that if they were, 
they would do the works of .Abraham ; and all through the New 
Testament Abraham is held \ip to ibe converts to the doctrine 
that Jesus taught, as an exan|de wor:li.v of imitation, and there 
is no pa-sage in the New Te-taioent that condemns him for hav- 
ing a iilurality of wives 

You wdl bear in mind that .Abraham was well advanced in 
years before he took a second wife, and that he had served the 
Lord faithfully for many years before ; and the Lord, instead of 
condemning him for marrying Hagar, revealed Himself continu- 
all.v to His friend, and made known His will to him. 

If a iilurality of wives is wrong in this day, it was wrong then, 
for God is unchangeable, and He would have rebuked Abraham 
for it ; but He did not. On the contrary, he promised that in his 
seed shoubl all the nations of the earth be blessed. 

You will also find that Jacob had four wives, and he isselected 
b\' the Apo-lle Paul as a iiattern of faith for Christians to follow. 
After he had married bis four wives an angel of the Lord 
ajipeared unto him and told him to get out of that land and go 
to the land of his kindred; he went, and the Lord prevented 
Laban from hurting him. He also blessed his twelve sons whom 
he had b.y his four wives, and pronounced special blessings upon 
the sons of Jose|)h, the offspring of his second wife. 

In the 8th chapter of Judges you will find that Gideon, one of 
the judges of Israel, and' one of the greatest chieftains among 
/God's iieople, who was instiumental in the hands of God in 
delivering them from their rnemies. was a man who had many 
wives, for he had seventy S(ms. You will also find that after 
Gideon's death the people forsook the law of the Lord and 
returned to their wickedness, a.s they had dcme before. 

I will refer you to the 1st chapter of the First Book of Samuel. 
Tbeie was a good man, called Elkanah, that had two wives, and 
he with his wives went regularly to worship the Lord. Through 
the blessing of God, his second wife had a son who was named 
I'^anuiel, and who became one of the greatest prophets ever 
known. 

In fact, the scriptures are full of examjiles of good men that 
practiced this law, and that were blessed and honored of the Lord. 
There is another thing thai, must be considered, in the marriage 
of a second wife, by a man who has one wife living. If it were 
not according to God's law it was adultery, and adultery in early 
times was jiunished with death, accm-ding to the law of God. So 
it is self-evident that a plurality of wives was not considered as 
anything el.-c^ but honorable by the former-day Saints. 

Now I will refer you to the great and good men in our day, I 
ineiin tlioMi that are the most earnest in helping to establish the 
kingdom of our God upon the earth. Josejih Sinitli, the prophet 
of the last da.vs, had several wives, which they themselves have 
testified to; and all the apostles that we are acquainted with 
]iractice this law, as do all others that are willing to show their 
faith by their works. And who shall say that these are nut good 
men? None will but those that are willing to follow in the foot- 
steps of pagan Home. 

The pagan Itomans adopted the monogamic system, and you 
will see by reading their liistory what that system brought them 
U>. 

It is also a fact worthy of note that the shortest-lived nations 
of which we have record, have been rrtonogandc. 





CTTJ^EISriX^. 



in^STI^TJOTOI?.. 




The strongest sayings, of Jesus, recorded in tlie New Testament 
were against the dreadful corruptions pracliced in Rome or 
copied from the Romans. Palestine was a Roman province at 
that time, and was governed by Roman officers, who brought 
with them their wicked instituuons and practices such as pre- 
vailed at Rome. 

A few years before the birth of our Savior, Julius Caesar was 
first consul at Rome, and he aimed at and obtained imperial 
power. He had four wives during his life, but he divorced them 
one after another, or as soon as he tired of them. His grand- 
nephew, Augustus Cicsar, reigned at the time of the birth of 
Christ. He also had four wives that he divorced one after 
another, except the last, who outlived him. And these men were 
not exceptions to the general rule. 

The Romans did not believe in a plurality of wives, but they 
were in the habit of divorcing them whenever they wished to get 
some other. And this evil practice was spreading wherever the 
Roman empire held sway, until Rome soon perished beneath her 
own corruption, being overwhelmed by the vigorous polygamous 
nations from the north. 

These also in their turn soon fell into the same habit of having 
but one wife and multitudes of courtezans, and soon, like the 
Romans, fell with these evil practices. And so in like numner 
will all nations fall that practice the same evils and despise the 
order that God has instituted for the good of the human family. 

I will now close, hoping I have not wearied you, and hoping to 
hear from you soon. 



MAKE THE LORD 
FRIEND. 



YOU R 



BY .7. H. PARRY. 




AN, of himself, although styled the 'iord of creation," is a 
very helpless and dependent being. From infancy to 
old age he is deijendent in a great measure upon his kindred, 
his friends, his associates and others for his happiness and 
well-being. But above all is he dependent upon God, for life 
itself, and for all that sustains life or tends to promote his hap- 
piness. 

How important it is, then, to learn, early in life, the relation 
of dependence we su-tain towards each other while here in 
this probation! 

Do away with the friendly intercourse of kindred and 
friends, and of humanity in general — do away with the many 
little courtesies each owes to the other, and what a desert and 
dreary blank this life would be ! 

Whatever one's circumstances be in life, whether he be rich 
or poor, it is well to have a faithful friend to rely upon and in 
whom to conBde. 

We all know the value of a real friend when wo are in need 
of one. We can every one of tis appreciate a kind parent to 
whom we can with confidence appeal lor counsel or aid in time 
of distre.'^s. A young man his more assurance in battling his 
way through life, and contending for .sueceirs therein, when he 
knows he has rich or influential parenl.s or friends to back 
liiiu, altliough he may never need their as.sistanee. Yet the 
assurance he bad in llie start may be the real .'ccrct of his 
success. 

But many a man has lillud a biiliiant career and has been 
eminently successful in life, who never had thi.s fiiendly back- 
ing. Their fucee.ss, however, was all the sweeter when won, 
becau.-c obtaini d by a harder struggle. 

Solomon s;ild tliat a man was greatly 1)le.»scd in the jiosscs- 
sion of a faiililul friend, but more blessed is lie who luis no 
need of one. This may be very true, but a man must be well 



off indeed and possess much self-assurance who can confident- 
ly say that he needs no friends, but hangs out his sign 
independently, asking favors of no one. 

It is well in choosing a friend, to get a good one and stick 
faithfully to him, if he is worthy, whatever come, whether 
adversity or prosperity. For unless you are faithful to a 
friend, you may not look for him to be faithful to you. 

Although our happiness is enhanced by friendship and the 
association of friends, it will not do to trust too much to them, 
for they are but human and fallible. Many have failed in life 
because they put too much reliance upou what their friends 
were promising to do for them, for when difficulties have come 
they were forsaken by all. 

"In times of prosperityfriends will be plenty ; 
In times of adversity not one in twenty." 

This is an old saying, and, as the world goes, it is not far off 
the truth. 

But this is not true friendship ; it is uuworthy even of the 
name. 

Avoid such friends; they are worse than your bitterest 
enemies, and such friendship will only end in disappointment. 

Children, if you would never be betrayed or forsaken by a 
friend, choose God as your best and only trustworthy friend. 
He can always be relied upon by those who put their trust and 
confidence in Him. 

Learn to put your trust in your Father in heaven, and rely 
upon yourself and not upon the arm of flesh. 

Make the Lord your friend, and He will never forsake you, 
but will be a help to you all the days of yOur life. Then 
whatever your condition in life may be, you will always have 
the consolation of knowing that you have a Friend above who 
will never disregard your prayer for help in time of need. 

With this assurance and confidence we can remove moun- 
tains of diflicultie.s and obstacles which be.sct our pathway 
through life, and will succeed in any laudable enterprise that 
we set our hands to do. 

But my little reader.s will want to know how they can make 
God their friend. Learn to love Him for His goodness and 
kindness to you, and love Him with all your heart, mind and 
strength. Try to do His will as far as you know how, this will 
enli.st His love and regard for you. You know that love 
begets love, and confidence begets confidence. 

The first step towards the love of God, is to love your 
parents, and love each other. H' you do not love each other, 
those you mingle with and see every day; how do you think 
you can ever love the Lord as you should, when you have 
never seen Him. 

Remember the love of the Savior, who so loved us that He 
laid down His life for our sakes. He has commanded us to 
love Him, and love one another. We oueht to so love each 
other as to be willing to do as much for another as He has 
done for us. This is real and lasting friendship, begotten of 
hea .'en. 

Those who take this course will be rewarded with the friend- 
shiji and cotiliuucd favor of (!iid. 



-^» < t>-"<^^ 



Tiifiii. — The slaves of vise, and the votaries of indolence 
and fraud, uuiy floui ish for n season, but they peri.sh by a law 
of being as fixed and certain as the power of gravitation ; and, 
when tbi'V hav<' closed their ignoble existence, llie devotees 
of truth will rise above their ruin like the flowers of spring 
upon tlu; bleak desolations of winter. 



Ji 





orTJ"VE>TILE] I^sTSTI^TJCTOI^, 




^h^ jluuenil^ |[ns!r«ctoii* 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, ^lAY 1, 1881, 



EIDITOI2.IJ^Xj THOTJCa-HITS. 





-" £!h ISTORY furnishes many examples of the 
effect of teaching upon the minds of chil- 
dren, but there is probably no illustration 
of this kind more plain and pointed than 
the effect of the lives and teaciiing of the 
children of Lehi upon their descendants. 
This the Book of Mormon furnishes us. 
laman and Lemuel, the oldest sons of 
Lehi, became the founders, in part, of a 
great nation, whose descendants are all 
around us in this Territory to-day. Nephi and 
Sam, and Jacob and Joseph, the four ether 
\ sons, also became tin founders of a nation, 
which bore the name of Nophites. 

For eight years Lehi and his family and their 
companions traveled in the peninsula of Arabia. 
They hunted, like the people of that land do to day. 
They were wanderers, subsisting upon the spoils of 
the chase, the flesh of animals being their principal and almost 
only diet. And this food they did not cook by fire — it is very 
probable that, for convenience in carrying, and that it might 
be more palatable, they dried it in the sun, as the Indians do 
to-day, and ate it as dried meat. 

After they crossed the ocean to this continent, Laman and 
Lemuel did not teach their children the arts of agriculture 
and cattle-raising, nor any of the arts of civilization. They 
forsook the Lord, His Spirit withdrew from them, and they 
became savages in feeling and of a murderous disposition. 

They made several attempts upon the life of their brother 
Nephi, and also conspired to kill their own father. 

They taught their children to be savages also, and they 
descended from being a cultivated people to be ignorant and 
debased. 

They lived upon thi.s continent like the family did in Arabia 
— an the spoils of the clnse. Tlioy made no clothing; they 
built no houses or cities. They forgot all that they had 
Icyrned concerning education, and therefore kept no records. 
All they knew about themselves or their forefathers was 
tradition, handed down from father to son. 

The children of these men and their grandchildren were just 
such people as the Indians whom we know. They soon even 
lost their white skin through the cur.-o which they brought 
upon themselves, and became dark and loathsome. These 
were the effects of the teachings and examples of wicked 
failiors. 

Now let us turn to Nephi and his brothers who accom- 
panied him. Nephi was a man of God. Though he had 
lived the same life that Laman and Lemuel did in Arabia, 
and had been a hunter like them, he did not sink into bar- 
barisu), he did not abandon his old feelings and knowledge, he 
did not forget the civilization of his forefathers; but as soon 
as he landed upon this continent, he commenced to teach his 
people to cultivate the ground, to raise flocks and herds and 



all manner of grains and fruits and vegetables, to build houses 
and cities and temples, to practice all the mechanical arts by 
working in wood, in copper, iron, steel, silver, gold and other 
metals. 

He laid the foundation of a stable government, and endeav- 
ored all his life to impress upon his people the value of true 
progress. 

In order to do this more effectually he made plates out of 
metal, upon which he engraved the records of his people ; and 
he also preserved the records of his fathers, so that his chil- 
dren were not left to tradition to know concerning themselves 
or their ancestors, or concerning the word of Grod and the pre- 
dictions of the holy prophets. 

The result was that a grand nation grew up, formed of the 
descendants of himself and those who accompanied him. 
They manufactured everything necessary for their own comfort 
and convenience, and for the adornment of their dwellings, of 
their cities and of their temples; and they became a highly- 
favored people, blessed of the Lord, having prophets and 
mighty meii of God among them, who could tell them con- 
cerning His will, and from whom they could at any time 
learn the counsel of heaven respecting themselves and their 
lives. 

What a contrast is presented to the thoughtful mind in 
these two nations, descended from the same parents, and 
starting out originally with the same advantages. Can there 
be a better illustration given of the effect of good and bad 
teachings and examples upon the rising generation? 

If Laman and Lemuel had taught their children as Nephi 
did his, they would have been equally advanced in all true 
civilization. They would have been enlightened and favored 
of God, and been attractive in their persons. If Nephi had 
taken the same course with his children that Laman and 
Lemuel did with theirs, his posterity would have been as low, 
as degraded, as ferocious and murderous and as loathsome as 
theirs were. 

Children, from this illustration you can see how important 
it is that wo all should start out right in our lives. By laying 
a good foundation we can build upon it to our own salvation, 
the salvation of our posterity and to the glory of our God. 

You are favored with true knowledge from God, with good 
teachings and with good examples; with everything, io fact, 
to njake you great and noble. Avail yourselves of these 
opportunies, for if j'ou do not j'ou cannot escape condemna- 
tion. 



J5()vs and young men sometimes start into life with the 
idea that one's success depends on sharpness and chicanery. 
They imagine if a man is able to "get the best of a bargain," 
no matter by what deceit and meanness he carries his point, 
that his prosperity is assured. This is a great mistake. 
Hnduring prosperity cannot be founded on cunning and dis- 
honesty. 

The tricky and deceitful man is suie to fall a victim, 
sooner or later, to the influences which are forever working 
against liim. His house is built upon the sand, and its ibun- 
datiou will be certain to give way. Young people cannot give 
these truths too much weight. The future of that young man 
is safe who eschews every shape of double dealing, and lays 
the foundation of his career in the enduring principles of 
everlasting truth. 



Good news is only rumored, bad news flies. 





J"TJ\^ElNriZ-.E! I3NrSTI?.TJCTOIo. 



103 






\f 



THE LKOPARD 




IITE who live in this cnuntry are more or less acciuainted 
'^' -with the '"wild cat,'' which is ooeasiouallj- seen in our 
canyons, and has also been exhibited at our menagerie. This 
animal is beautifully marked; its skin is covered with very fine 
hair, and its general appearance resembles that of an overgrown 
domestic cat. 

Thers are several kinds of cats in this country, all of which 
arc ferocious, and some of them are very dangerous to encoun- 
ter. 

When the pioneers arrived here in 1847, wild animals, many 
of them of the cat 
family, were quite 
plentiful in these 
valleys. Since then, 
however, they have 
either migrated to 
other parts or been 
mostly killed off, 
for they are seldom 
seen now near the 
settlements, though 
once in awhile we 
hear of one. 

One was killed 
quite recently be- 
tween Salt Lake 
City and Bountiful, 
by a brave little boy. 
who was only armed 
with a heavy stick. 

Some years ago, 
when wild cats were 
more plentiful in 
this region than 
the.v are now, a 
young boy, of Salt 
Lake City, who is 
now a man, was 
riding on the Jordan 
range, hunting 
stock. Seeing an 
animal some little 
distance from him, 
which he supposed 
to be a wolf, he 
called his dog anW 
.set him after it, nm 
doubting but ii 
would run on seeing 
the dog approach. 
To his surprise, it 

stood still till the dog nearcd it, when, with the agility and 
ferocity of a tiger, it spn>ng upon biui. The boy, fearing for 
the .safety of his dog, rode hastily to tiie scene of conflict, 
where he found that instead of a wolf a huge wild cat, or 
f!alifornia tiger, had tlie dog down and wa.s likely to make 
.short work of devduring it. Not thinking of the danger, he 
dismounted and commenced kicking the wild cat in the heail. 
This had the effect of causing it to loosen its hold on the dug; 
but it no sooner did .so than it .sprang at him. lie dodged out 
of the way and before it conlil spring a second time the dog 
had returned to the attack. Seeing it was not safe to attempt 




to kick it any more, he mounted his horse and untied his 
lariat, which he carried on his saddle. He was somewhat of 
an adept in the use of the lasso, as many of our mountain boys 
were in early days, and he hastily made a noose and threw i 
over the head of the wild cat while it was in the act of worry- 
ing the dog. With a hitch or two around the horn of his 
saddle, he started his horse, and as the lariat tightened on the 
animal's neck, it sprang into the air in such a manner as to 
thoroughly frighten both horse and rider. The boy looked 
back several times as the wild cat leaped, fully expecting that 
it would alight upon him, or the rear of the horse; but the 
running of the horse prevented it from doing so. 

' After going some 
distance in this 
way, the lariat, from 
catching in the sage 
brush, or some oth- 
er cause, became so 
tight upon the wild 
cat's neck as to 
choke it. He soon 
became aware of 
this, as the weight 
of the animal and 
the "brushy" con- 
dition of the ground 
rendered it very 
difficult f r the 
horse to drag it. 
Li the absence of 
any other kind of 
a weapon, he un- 
buckled one of his 
stirrup straps, and, 
again dismounting, 
he took it in his 
hand and with the 
heavy wooden stir- 
rup beat the wild 
cat over the head 
until it was dead. 
^\'ith the assistance 
of some herd boys 
he found in the 
vicinity, he took 
the animal's skin, 
head and feet off 
and brought them 
home as trophies. 
These were viewed 
by scores of per- 
sons, all of whom 
ailniittcd that tliey 
had never seen a larger animal of the kind. 

Every part of the habitable globe has some representative 
of the cat family. 

Li .\sia, the tii;cr is found, and a nmi-t foimidable enemy 
it is to both man and beast. 

Ill Afiica the Jjcopanl is found. A most beautifully 
marked animal it is loo; not so large or so powerful as the 
Bengal tiger, but very dangerous to the traveler. 

The skin is much sought after by the hunter, as it com- 
mands a ready sale at a high price. It is made into mals and 
coverlets, on account of its warmth and beautiful markings. 





104r 



crTJ^Eiisrii-.E inNrsTi^TJOTci^. 






It appears that in the early days of ancient Egypt the Leop- 
ard skin was much prized. It is met with in pictures of relig- 
ious processions and representations of sacrifices. The figures 
of priests are frequently adorned with the Leopard's skin, 
probably as an emblem of the priestly office, as the jackal is 
often seen in the pictures of ceremonies connected with the 
burial of the dead. 

To us it may seem strange that an animal should be repre- 
sented as a symbol of a priest, but we can hardly tell what 
ideas were entertained by religious worshipers who were gov- 
erned by an uninspired priesthood, as were the ancient Egyp- 
tians. 

That the skins of animals were used in connection with 
priestly offices in the time of Moses there can be no doubt, 
as "ram skins, dyed red," and "badger's skins" are mentioned 
in the book of the laws of the Lord, in Exodus and Leviti- 
cus. 

Of the Leopard it can be said it is one of the most beauti- 
ful of quadrupeds of the cat kind. It is covered with black 
spots >ipon a yellow ground, so disposed as to resemble the 
print of its foot. Its fur is valued greatly, and is used by the 
wealthy of our large cities as an article of dress when luanu- 
faeturcd int > robes, which are fre(iuently of the most costly 
character. 



MISSIOXARY INCIDENTS. 



BY .^r. F. COWLEY. 




AETEI! laboring in Graves Co.. Kentucky, as missionaries 
during the montli of .Afareh, ISTs. Elder Rarnett and I 
made arrangements to proceed to the State of A'irginia. 

Kailway fare being high and our means limited, we decided 
to take a steamer and go by water as far Nashville, Tennes- 
see. 

We left Farmington. Graves Co., on the morning of Ajiril 
•ird, receiving a ride in the wagon of one ?L'. Kirtland. famili- 
arly known as '"rncle Dick," who kindly conveyed us. free of 
charge, to I'aducah City, which is situated on the south bank 
of the Ohio, and at the mouth of tlic Tennessee River. 

The following day wc secured passage on board tlie steamer 
X'i.<liiil/i: and left for the city of the same name. After troing 
twelve miles on tiie Oiiio to Sniithland, the steamer changed 
its course, going up the Cumberland Ri\cr in the direction of 
Nashville, that place being about two hundred miles dis- 
tant. 

This being my first steamboat ride of any note, it was to me 
quite romantic, there being some beautiful scenery on the 
nigircd banks of the Cumberland. To add to this interest, on 
board the steamer was a negro minstrel band who at almost 
every landing would appear on deck and play a jiitcc of music. 
very ofn-ti the favorite tune "I>ixie. ' 

We arrived at Nashville about the fourth night out ficim 
Pailnciih. bavin-,' travi-led .«!owly on account of low water and 
heavy frcisrht witli fiei|uent stopping. 

The next day wc procecdcil to the dei)Ot, and finding our 
means too limited to purchase tickets to Lynchburg, \'a., we 
secured tickets to Chattanooi a, Tciiii , where wc arrived in 
the afternoon of tlie s^num day. and almost, as Brother IJarnctt 
says, '"financially stumjied." 

Here wc remaitred for several weeks, and. being among 
strangers, without any immediate prosjiect of njoving on to 
our destination, I felt rather lonesome. 



Before leaving home, feeling confident in my own faith, I 
felt determined that while on my mission I would not write 
home for money under any circumstances. 

While in Chattanooga we had applied in several directions 
for aid, but to no purpose, and if I ever prayed earnestly in my 
life, I certainly did in Chattanoogo, while expecting a letter 
from a gentleman in Kentucky. 

I dreamed one night that I received two letters at the same 
time, the envelope of one being yellow and the other a cream 
color, and directed to me in my mother's handwriting. 

This was quite a surprise to me, and in the morning I won- 
dered, with some disappointment, if I had yet to write home 
for means. 

After goizg to the post office time after time, hoping to 
receive answers to letters thj.t we had written, but to no avail, 
I received a strong imjircssion to write home. I did so, and 
in about thirteen days from then I received two letters at the 
same time, the envelope of one being yellow the other a cream 
color, directed to me in my mother's band writing, just as I 
had seen them in my dream, and these brought the means 
ap]>lied for. 

Thus the Lord liad answered our jirayers, fulfilled the 
dream, and opened up the way before us, and taught me also 
not to be too confident in my own faith before it is tested, but 
be humble and submissive to the Lord's will. 

During our stay in Chattanooga I had been led to visit the 
depot each day, and wait for the arri\al of the train from 
Nashville. 

I thought that perhaps an Elder from Utah might pass that 
way f)( route for some part of the Southern States mission, 
though I had no knowledge that such would be the case. 

After continuing this for about one week, while at the depot 
one day T turned to leave, thinking that iiorhaps it was only 
my notion that led nie there day after day, but as I was about 
to leave the car shelter a strong impression came over me to 
remain, which I did. 

The train soon arrived, and after watching the passengers 
one by one i^tep from the train. I was about to turn away dis- 
a]i|iointed, when some one laid his hand upon my shoidder, 
and on looking arouml I saw l^rother Joseph Standing at my 
side. 

We were dcl'ghted to meet each other, and though together 
otdy about five minutes. I think I shall never fiu'gct it. His 
chccrlulness of spirit quite encouraged me. and this being the 
last time I ever saw him. the inijircssion I received to wait for 
the train 1 look upon as being from the Lord. 



ANCIKNT ^VEAPONS OF WAR. 



r)OWS and arrows, shields and spears were used by warriors 
) of nearly every nation of ancient days. 

They were used as weapons of offense and defense by the 
first nations that arose after the deluge, both in Asia and 
America. 

The As.>iyrians used them, so did the Jareditics; and, in 
later years, the Israelites, Greeks, Romans. (lolh-;, N'andals, 
and others on the eastern continent, and the Ncidiitcs and 
Lamanites on the western. 

These implements of warfare continued to be used until the 
invention of gunpowder, when they were generally thrown 
aside for guns, grenades, cannons, bombs, and other weapons in 
which gunpowder was the active agent of destruction. 





a"TJ^"^iii3^ini,E insrsTi^TJOTOi^. 



105 ^^ 



t 



But those early weapons are still partly used bj' Favage or 
semi- civilized races in actual warfare, and by civilized nations 
in military pageants. 

Nearly every nation had its peculiar type of these weapons. 
The battle-axes of the Egyptians were different in shape, 
ornament and fashion, from those of the Huns, as tht latter 
were different from the Lanianite tomahawk. 

So, often, fashion and improvement in the arts and manu- 
factures, caused the arms of the same nation to be changed in 
different ages. 

The epears of the French soldiery under Charles Martel, 
were not identical with those of the cavalry of Francis the 
First. Change and progress characterize all human inven- 
tions, because all that man does is imperfect and can be 
improved. The works of God are different; they are per- 
fect and cannot be made any 
better. 

When the Lord finished the 
work of the creation of this 
earth. He pronounced it ''very 
good." So it remained until evil 
was introduced through Adam's 




Still, the works of nature re- 
main very lovely and very grand, 

but there is a disturbing element 

I 
everywhere present ; the earth 

brings forth thorns and thistles 

as well as fruit and flowers. 

This will be changed when the earth is renewed, and the 
works of Satan are overcome. 

The atonement of Jesus Chritt will bring about a time of 
restitution, vilien all will be restored as at the first. 

When that time comes, men will no longer find use for 
spears, battle-axes, bows and arrows, for all will be peace. 
The triumiih of right will be complete, and evil will have 
ceased. ''For God so loved the world, that he gave his only 
begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not 
perish, but have everlasting life." He came not "into the 
world to condemn the world; but that the world through him 
might be .saved." 

In the happy day when truth and right are triumphant, and 
all glory, honor, praise and power are given to God and the 
Lamb, these deadly weapons will be re-forged into implements 
of husbandry. 

Men will not with to be reminded by the sight of them, of 
the time when the earth labored under the cur.-e of sin and 
death : when men struggled in mortal strife for the mastery 
over their fellows; when the desolation of war beieft the 
earth of its noblest sons, and filled the world with misery and 
rapine. 

All that would remind them of these days of woe will be 
abhorred, for their joys will be complete in the triumph of the 
Messiah. G. 



Lri-CE flakes of snow that fall luipcrceived upon the I'artli, 
the seemingly unimportant events of life succeed one another. 
As tlie snow gather-' together, so are our habits formed. No 
single flake that is added to the pile produces a .sensible change; 
no single action creates, however it may exhibit, a num's 
character. 



ROBERT AND CHARI^ES 
HAMILTON. 



BY .JAMES URE. 



IN the Juvenile Instructor of March 15h, 188!- I read 
an article headed "Robert Hamilron," by H. G. B. I 
feel it a duty I owe to the memory of those good and faithful 
men, Iliil)ert and Charles Hamilron, to give a very short 
sketch of their early labors in ihe ministry. I was intimately 
acquainted with them in my boyhood, and until we grew up to 
manhood. 

In the winter of 1839-1840, two Elders— Alexander Wright 
and Samuel MuUiner, came as mi.s.^ionaries to the pleasant 
little village of Bridge of Weir, Ilenfrewshiie, Scotland, about 
fifteen miles west of the ciiy of Glasgow, in which village the 
two brothers, llobert anl Charles, were raised, and where they 
received and obeyed the gospel as proclaimed by those two 
humble and faithful men. 

Charles and I were baptized at the same -time, under the 
h'lnds of Elder Wright, in the very romantic river of 
"Gr^fe" which flows through the village, on the 10th day of 
April, 1840. A few months afterwards we were ordained to 
the holy priesthood in the first branch of the Church organ- 
ized in Scotland. 

These brothers were the most able ministers of the gospel, and 
most exemplary young men that could be found in those early 
times. 

Robert was appointed to preside over the branch of the 
Church at its organiz;ition, in Bridge of Weir, while 
Charles and myself traveled aiid preached in the towns and 
villages for many miles around ; and through diligence, per- 
severance, humility and the prayer of faith, God abundantly 
ble.-sed our labors in the cause of truth. 

We c mtinued in the good work until the departure of the 
Hamilton family for Nauvoo, in the year lS4o, where these 
two good and faithful brothers ended a short but u'^eful career 
in the Church and kingdom of God on the earth. 

Robeit, at his death, was unmarried; but Charles left a 
wile and three sons. After his death they removed to St. 
Louis, where his wife married again. 

1 have written this very brief sketch of these two valiant 
men, whose labors in the ministry are but little known in the 
Church of th3 Saints, as a tribute to their memoiy and ster- 
ling integrity. 



Enerov. — It was the remark of a father who was asking for 
a situation for his little buy, "I don't know what kind of a 
worker he will make; but he is a 'bo.ss' jilayer I He is leader 
iif the boys in all the games!" 

Such a boy ought to make a good worker. Energy and 
executive ability, qualities that are required in a leader of 
citiier boys or adults, are not found in every person. Some 
piissess these (|ualities naturally; otliers in rare instances 
acquire them; but the great majority of mankind lack them, 
and arc simply machines, operated by other and stronger 
and nunc energetic minds. 

Tlial nlil priiverb, '"Wliatsni-vcr thy hiind lindcth tci dii. 
do it with tliy iniL;lit." is an exi-rllcHl unit In, and one which any 
jierson wmilil do well tu adii]il, cillicr wlicii at wnik ur at 
play. 



T'sK soft w.irds, and haid arguments. 





106 



J"lTArEl^II_,E] IITSTT5.TJGTOI?.. 




T E ]M P L E S . 



BT DANIEL TYLER. 




[Continued from page 6S). 

ALL is here given that is deemed necessary of the history 
of the progress of the Manti Temiile. I am indebted to 
the kindness of Klders John B. Maiben and W. H. Folsom. 
prominent in the management of the building, for the follow- 
ing interesting historical sketch. 

This ends my present series of articles on temples. 

If the readers of the Jtvenile Inc'^trtctor have been in 
any degree benefited by my humble efforts to entertain them, 
I shall feel amply repaid for all that I have done in that direc- 
tion. 

M.\NTI TE.MPLE. 

"As early as IST-"., at a conference at Ephraim, President 
Brigham Young stated that a temple would bo built in San- 
pete County, and made some preliminary inquiries [and propo- 
sitions. 

"At another conference held at Ephraim, June 2.5th, 187."), 
after a council with several members of the Twelve and 
others. President Brigham Young announced that it should 
be built upon a spur of the mountain immediately north of 
Manti city, proper, and within the present limits, and adjoin- 
ing the notable limestone quarry of that region. 

"June 27th, 1S7.T, Hon. Joseph A. Young was appointed 
architect and superintendent for the building. After a brief 
illness, he died at Manti City, August .'ith of that year, while 
engaged in making preliminary surveys and plans. 

"November .5th, 1S76, a circular was issued by President 
Young and counselors and seven of the Twelve Apostles, call- 
ing upon the Bishops in the temple district to ascertain what 
the Saints in their wards were willing to subscribe in labor 
and means monthly, quarterly or annually, as they felt dis- 
posed, for the erection of the temple and until the completion 
thereof. 

"In March, 1S77, Eider Wm. H. Folsom was appointed 
architect and superintendent. On the 24th of April, 1S77, 
Superintendent Folsom, assisted by Surveyor-general Jesse W. 
Fox and Truman 0. Angell, architect, surveyed the ground 
and set the stakes, under the direction of President Brigham 
Young, who had arrived that day from St. George. 

"Next day at high noon, in the presence of several hundred 
people. President Brigham Young dedicated the ground at 
the south-oast corner of the temple site. 

April .'iOth, 1S77. at s o'clock, a. m., about one hundred 
of the brethren of Manti commenced the work of excava- 
tion. 

On Monday, April 14:h, 1^7(1, the corner stones were laid. 
President .lobn Taylor laid the south-east corner stone; Bis- 
hop Edward Hunter the south-west: President F. W. Cox 
the north-west, and President H. S. Eldredge the north- 
east. 

The foundation of the temple U K feet above the level of 
the road. Width of temple, 0.5 feet; length, 172} feet. 
From the ground to the sqiarj, S2 foot Hieht of east 
tower, 179 feet; hight of west tower, ir>.t foet ; the towers are 
'■'M feet square at the base. Inside of the main building, sfl 
by 104 feet. The hight of the four terrace w.-jIIs will average 
1 7 feet above grade ; and each wall is about 000 feet long, and 
in all contain 2,400 cords of rock as at present built. Upwards 
of 55,000 yards of rock and debris have been excavated and 
moved away. 



The walls of the temple at the present time are from 2.3 to 
25 feet high. 

The site of the Manti Temple is very unique, and is cer- 
tainly surpassingly beautiful for situation. The temple, when 
completed, will be a joy to every beholder who loves the full- 
ness of the everlasting gospel, revealed in these latter days for 
the benefit of both the living and the dead. 



SOBRIETY 



BY W. 3. 



THE word sobriety has a broad meaning and an extensive 
application ; but it is with reference to the use of intoxi- 
cating drinks that it is herein used. 

Insobriety is far too prevalent. It reaches out, on the one 
hand, to the middle-aged and aged; and on the other hand, 
it makes many victims among the young. The former are 
examples to the latter, who, in too many instances, imitate 
their elders, and who, in their turn, set pernicious exam- 
])les to those younger than themselves. Thus bad habits 
are perpetuated, and each succeeding generation numbers 
among it many slaves of the intoxicating cup. 

Nor is this evil confined to worldlings. Would to God it 
was! Israel is defiled. The covenant people of God are 
tainted. Their offspring are cursed with the vice of tippling 
and drunkenness. This vice is contagious. It is spreading 
its baneful influence in the cities of the "pure in heart." 
Its power for evil is immense, and it needs to be met by a 
superior power, even the power of Jehovah, to arrest its 
devastating progress. 

Now the writer is not an alarmist. He is not magnifying 
an existing evil. He is not even introducing something 
unknown to tho-;e on the watch-tower. The evil exists. Its 
existence is understood. Its insidious and pernicious growth 
is also understood by the observant, and I refer to it believing 
the interests of Zion require the reference on the part of the 
Elders of Is'ael. 

The salvation of the young depends largely upon their pre- 
cepts, their example and their influence on the side of right. 
Should they fail to use precept, practice and power to save the 
young, or should they use these to encourage the vice of 
drunkenness, or any other vice, the time will come when 
heaven's secretary will open the books and exhibit to them an 
item charged to their account, which it will bo difficult to 
counter balance. 

In view of this, what is the imperative duty of the servants 
of God? 

The history, written and unwritten of the demoralizing 
effects of intoxicants on Adam's fallen race, would be apjial- 
ling and heart-rending to read and contemplate. 

Much of it will never become general information to mor- 
tals, for it will be buried with the sufferers. Much is known 
to few or many, and some little i.-, written, from which many 
useful lessons may be culled and used as guide-posts to other 
mortal wayfarers in the road of temptation and trial. 

Some liright examples, too, may be found of resistance 
to the temptation to become unsober, and of firmness in the 
I)ractice of sobriety. Space inr this article will only permit me 
to refer to one. 

tieneral \\'illiam Henry Harrison, born at Berkeley, on the 
banks of the James River, in \'irginia, February 0th, 1773, 







o'Tj'^EisrxnijE] iisrsTi?.TJGToi^. 



107 




beoame the ninth President of the United States on the 4th of 
March, 1841. He died on the 4th of the next month, thus 
serving in that responsible position only one month. 

He was successful as a general, as governor of the "Indiana 
Territory," comprising the present States of Indiana, Illinois 
and Wisconsin, and would no doubt have been succe.ssful, had 
he been permitted to live, as President of the United States, 
during one or two terms of office. 

His historian saj's: "Not one single spot can be found to 
su'ly the brightness of his fame; and, through all the ages, 
Americans will pronounce with love and reverence the name 
of William Henry Harrison." 

Now, to what was this attributable? Was he a sober man? 
I will introduce him and let him speak for himself 

While he was running for the presidency, he was asked at a 
dinner to take wine. He declined. He was urged, and again 
declined. Again he was requested and urged. This was too 
much. He arose from the table, his tall form erect, and in 
the most dignified manner thus addressed those present: 

"Gentlemen, I have refused twice to partake of the wine 
cup; that should be sufficient. Though you press the cup to 
my lips, not a drop shall pass the portals. I made a resolve, 
when I started in life that I would avoid strong drink, and I 
have never broken it. I am one of a class of seventeen young 
men who graduated, and the other sixteen fill drunkard's 
graves, all through the pernicious habit of social wine drink- 
ing. I owe all my health, happiness and prosperity to that 
resolution. Will you urge me now?" 

This example, and similar ones which the world's history 
furnishes, to which may be added the illustrious examples of 
many of the Elders of Israel now living, is the kind of an 
example for the youth in Zion to pattern after. Our young 
people of both sexes need bodily and mental vigor for the life- 
work before them. They also need "the faith once delivered 
to the Saints," and the power which comes by faith and 
through the authority of the holy Priesthood ; for the work in 
the near future is great, and it devolves upon them to perform 
it to the acceptance of the Almighty. 

Can this vigor and faith and power be obtained by the 
habitual use of intoxicating drinks? No. Drunkenness 
destroys physical strength, makes lunatics, and destroys in 
man the soil in which the seeds of faith and power may be 
planted and nurtured until they mature in the godship in 
celestial mansions. 

The adversary knows this. He also knows the brilliant 
destiny which awaits many of the young, and he is toiling 
energetically to rob them of the thrones for which they are 
destined. The effects of his work, when he succeeds in cor- 
rupting the young, reach into eternity. He is working to-day 
to accomplish a specific object in ages to come. The seed he 
sows will bear it3 legitimate and natural fruit. 

As a writer once said, "Strong drink is not only the devil's 
way into a man, but it is man's way to the devil." Let his 
way in this direction be hedj;ed up. 

"Though you press the cup to my lips," said (Jeneral Har- 
rison, "not a drop shall pass the portals." In this course 
thi;re is .safety. In the other course there is danger. 

The results of a course of sobriety are also far-reaching; 
they reach into the eternities, and their influence will be felt 
forever. 

This course will also bear its natural fruit. And wliat will 
this fruit be? Why, in this life health and happiness, peace 
and prosperity, respect and influence, the favor of the honor- 
able of earth and of the hosts of heaven, together with 




blessings and advantanges which mortal tongue and pen can 
not make known ; and in the life which is to come the prob- 
able fruit will be the fruit of immortality, and the pen of an 
immortal must be wielded to make known what that fruit 
shall be. 

But trust in our Heavenly Father for the benefits to be 
derived in the hereafter, and you will not be disappointed. 
And even were there no hereafter, for the sake of the comfort 
and peace, and joy and satisfaction, and conscious innocence 
before God, which a life of sobriety imparts in this life, be 
sober. 

"When liquor's direful power is working on the brain. 
From what infernal crime will mortal man refrain '.' 



CONCENTRATION. 



BY CHOBIN. 

THE first great requisite in improving ourselves mentally, is 
to acquire the habit of concentrating our minds. From 
observation, conversation and from my own experience, Ihave 
become convinced that the lack of this habit is the cause of 
the slow progress made by many of our young in their studies ; 
and many persons come to the conclusion that the little or no 
progress made by them is due to dullness, when in reality it is 
only lack of method and concentration. 

It has been said that "genius is industry," but genius and 
industry are nothing without concentration ; or in other words, 
a strong mind is nothing unless it is trained to apply itself 
unswervingly to an undertaking. 

A candle burning in the ordinary way produces very little 
heat, but with the aid of the blowpipe the heat is concen- 
trated upon a very small surface, and it will then melt rook 
and ore. Or take an ordinary sun glass and hold it at the 
proper distance from the hand, on some bright sunny day, and 
the person so doing will obtain a personal illustration of the 
effects of concentrating the heat of the sun. 

So it is with the intellect. It must be applied steadily to 
one thing at a time, or nothing can be accomplished. It is an 
evidence of a well-trained mind when it can be so applied. 

Many persons find it next to impo.ssible to fasten their minds 
upon a subject unless it is of a lively nature. They will take 
up a book treating upon some subject, as geology, "The 
Origin of Species," "Chapter on Socialism," or "Nelson on 
Infidelity," and page after page is stared at, leaf after leaf is 
turned over, hours are wasted, and at last the reader becomes 
conscious that the mind all this while has been running at 
large, wither.soever it would, anywhere but on the subject at 
hand. "Having eyes, they see not." 

What can be done to remedy thi>? 

Simply fix the mind upon a subject and force it to stay 
there. Take any dry sulject and carefully read it through. 
When you find your mind has been playing truant take a fresh 
start, and do not fiive it up until you thoroughly understand 
what you have been reading about. 

A few such trials will greatly improve anyone having energy 
enough to make the aiteuipt and jierseverance enough to 
cairy it through. Try it. 



J)o not let us make ourselves miserable by borrowing trouble 
that may never come. We sometimes utterly unfit ourselves 
for the w irk of life by antiii'patia^ sjitjivi (})J never made 
us to bear. 





108 



a'XJ'VEITIILE IIsTSTI^TJOTOK:/. 




T J-I E "MORMON" BOY. 



By E. Stephens. 



Jloderato, 



Voice. 



Ikstbcment. 



icT 



i=§3 



1=^ 



3^.=r^-=gr 



izfc:*! 



Wv«!- 



Kiiid frieuds: as here I stand to sing, So 



^^^^^mm^^^^S^t^^^^E 



; 1 l»-..y 



-(•»-#»- 

:-«-«»- 






Er 



:qz^: 



:::i: 



1 



t^^z?:--: 



:f_ 






-*»- -iflii — ia» — 



■ -'is; 



-o — 

- 1 F 



1 







==fvtq^. 



-^ .., -^ > 

S-. — :=?»- & — <" i^ 'I ^ 




ver - V queer I feel, That, now I've made my bow, I fear I don't look quite jrenteel; But 

^ _tz:*sc ' ■ 



m^ 



iEM=-s: 



~^f- mr ~^~ 



=::t 



^mL\ 



It; 



-!*—»- 



^''**7'^^^ 



-- 1- 



rffi--^ 



:p=i;i"- 



zt 



i 






^^ 







nev - er mind. for I'"' a boy That's always full of joy — A rou ph and read - y sort of chap — An honest "Jlormon" boy. 



-1*-^ — ^-^b< 



^---'M 






=P': 



CHOKUS 



A "Mormon"boy,a"Mormon"bov.I am a "Mormon" boy. He might be envied by a king. For he is a "Mormon" boy. 



t; gn ' I 1 -9 « — m^'^-A — |^.|Z-P — '• — I 1 \-m — '■• — w — «• — • — w — !• — [ 1 ]-' ~ — I U — m^-^ 



I'm proud to know thiit I was born 

Among these mountains high, 
"Where I've been taught to love the truth, 

And .scorn to ti'll a lie ; 
Tet I'll conre.«s that 1 am wild, 

And often do annoy 
My dearest friends, but that'.s a fault 

Of many a "Mormon" boy. 



My father was a "Mormon" true, 

And when I am a man, 
I want to be like him, and do 

.Tujit all the good I can. 
My lautts I'll try to overcome. 

And, while I lifi; enjoy, 
With |iri'lf> ni lift my head and say, 

"I am a '.MuiTium' boy " 




The answer to the Enigma published in No. 7 is rNiVF.iisn v. 

Vi'c liavc received correct solutions from "William d. Brewer. 
II eT:n(fciville: Ada Traccy, .An.eritan Eoik: Jas. f. Bertoch, 
Ann E. Bertoch. .lohn A. Coon, I'lcafant Orccii: Isabella 3F- 

Price. ?Iill Creek; .lan:es Jepson, Jr., A'irj;eii City. 



CiirKcii Works.— A large supply of Church I'ublications, 
which have been expected for some time past, from England, 
have Just arrived at this office, They comprise all of the 
various styles of liinding. and they will be sold at the lowest 
prices. 1 



^M 



/^ 



