
VOL XII 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 1877. 



t^j^:e^j^:b hztzdihstg- thzib sipiibs. 



PEOBABLY most of our readers are somewhat aeqnaitited 
with the history, as given us in the Bible, of the onni|uer- 
ing journey of the Israelites into the promised land, under the 
leadership of Joshua. 

Previous to the death of Moses he was commanded by the 
Lord to take Joshua, a man in whom was the Spirit, and lay 
his hand upon him and give him a charge, or, in other words. 



t'le city of Jerii-ho, and report tohiia its condition. On reach- 
ing Jericho, which was a walled city, and, doubtless, very 
strongly built, these spies found lodginirs in the hou.se of a 
woman named Rahab, and the news of their presence soon 
got noised about, and caused some excitement and fear, for 
ihe people of Jericho had heard of the approach of the Israel- 
ites, and their courage had already deserted them. When the 





to set him apart, or ordain him to the otlico of leader of the 
people. Accordingly alter tin; death of Mo>cs the Lord called 
upon Jo.shua to i)rocecd across the river Jordan and take 
))Ossession of the land, at the same time iiromising to assist 
him by H's power, that no man should be able to stand before 
him. Joshua immediately dispatched two of his men across 
le river Jordan to act as sjiies, to view out the land and visit 



king of Jericho heard thai two Israelites had arrived in the 
city aTid found lodgings with the harlot, Hahab, he sent a 
command to her to deliver them up, iSut bef(ne the king's 
messengers arrived at her house, Kaliab had become convinced 
of the oliject of her visitors, anil tiiat search would be made 
for thorn, and had carefully concealed them under a quantity 
of fla.K that she had unon tlie roof of her liou.se, which w 





CTTJ^EJDSriLE IHSrSTI^/TJCTOI?.. 



"^ 



upon the town wall, and when she was questioned in regard 
to them, she misled the king's men bv statin.a; tb at the spies 
had sone out before the gates of the city were closed, and 
advised them to start out in pursuit. As soon as the king's 
men had deixirted, Il.ihab went up to where the sp'es were 
concealed, informed them of what had occurrcJ and advised 
them to make their escape to the mountains and remain there 
tnree days, till their pursuers had eea^eJ to search for them, 
when they could return to the camp of Israel. 8he informed 
them of the frightened condition of the people of Jericho, 
and of her conviction that the Lord would deliver the land up 
to them, and exacted from them a promi.se that when they 
came to destroy Jericho, she and her relatives should be 
spared. The spies, thankful for the protection she had 
afforded them, made the desired promise, on condition that 
she would have her parents and brothers and sisters assembled 
in her house when they should besiege the city, and that she 
should bind the scarlet cord by whjch she propo.sed to let them 
descend to the ground outside of the wall, in her window, 
that the hosts of Lrael might know by it which was her 
house. 

The spies escaped and returned to Joshua, and rejorted 
what had occurred. Afteiward, when Jericho was besieged by 
tlie chilvlren of Israel, Joshua regarded the promise made to 
Rahab by the spies, and gave orders that she and her kindred 
who were in her house should be brought out; and they joined 
the host of Israel, and they alone, of all the inhabitants of 
Jericho were spared. 

The dissembling of Eahab, when questioned by the messen- 
gers of the king was pardonable, we suppose, on the ground 
that "the end justified the means;" at any rate, it seems tu have 
been so considered by the men of God who afterwads wrote oon- 
ceriiin? it (Ileb. xi, 31; James ii, 25). We find a parallel case 
in that of the woman who hid Ahimaaz and Jonathan in a 
well, when they were pur.sued by the servants of Absalom. 

Our engraving represents Rahab in the act of covering the 
spies, though it probablj' does not convey to the reader a very 
correct idea of a house on the wall of a city. However, of 
this we will have more to say hereafter. 



STJISriD^Y SOHEOOIj 




FI'OM personal observation and from reports received from 
ditVerent parts of the Territory we judge the Sunday 
schools generally throughout the whole of our settlements 
are in a more prosperous condition than ever before. Brother 
Wm. M. Allred, of St. Charles, writes as follows, concerning 
the Sunday .school of that place, of which he is the superin- 
tendent: 

"For the year \x~fi, wn had one hundred scholars and ten teach- 
ers enrolled, and the average attendance was over ninety scholars 
and seven teachers. We have about twenty scholars that have 
rcc'.ted, and can now recite, Jaciiues' catechism through; besides 
a number that arc partly through it. We have a few small 
scholars that have recited all the "Lessons for Little Learners," 
as they have appeared in the Instrcctor, from the commence- 
ment up to the present. We also have about twelve that have 
committed t'l memory the whole of the "Questinns .'ind Answers 
on the Bible and Hook of Mormon." They did not commence 
when they were first published, but they recited two columns 
every .Sunday until they caught up to date; and they felt very 
much disappointed when some one proposed having only one 
column published, and still more disappointed since, when a num- 
ber reached us without any catechism in it, as thej feared they 



had stopped entirely. We have the History of Joseph Smith 
read in the school, as well as other select reading, which makes it 
very interesting." 

Brother N. P. Anderson also writes from Bear River City, 
Box Elder Co., as follows: 

"We have a well attended day school as well as Sunday school. 
The superintendent and teachers are all alive to tneir duties. 
Quarterly rehearsals have been held in our Sunday school during 
the last year, in which the ^ upils are very much interested. 
Our new meeting house was full to overflowing at our last 
rehearsal, on which occasion we were favored with the presence 
of the Count}' superintendent and others. All seemed to be well 
pleased with the exercises, which consisted of dialogue, select 
reading, etc. We have a good supply of books, consisting of 
Church works, primers, and intermediate readers. We have 
two classes in the Juvenile Ixstrlictok, a paper that we very 
liighly appreciate. We have adopted the suggestions given in 
No 22, Vol. 11 of the Instkitctor. The ticket system has been 
in operation with us for a couple of years, and seems to work 
satisfactorily." 

We have received a communication from Bro. S. Hatch, 
Secretary of the Sunday schools of Bountiful Ward, of which 
we make the following extracts: 

"I think the Sabbath schools of this place are doingagreat deal 
of good to the children, in advancing them in the princinles of 
the gospel. We have three schools in this W"^ard, with Bro. 
Henry Eampton as Ward superintendent, John Keynaston super- 
intendent of the Bountiful District, William J. Parkins of the 
.South District, and William S Muir, Jun., of the West District. 

"We had a visit last fall from Brothers George Goddard, Wm. 
Willes and Samuel L. Evans. The three schools were called 
togi-ther in the tabernacle, and addressed by the three visitors, 
who gave much valuahle instruction, encouraging the teachers 
to be diligent in their labors, and seek to ffualif}' themselves for 
their calling, by prayer and stuJy, and regard it as an important 
mission to prepare the rising generation of the Saiats to act well 
tlieir part in the future progress and development of the great 
latter-day work. 

"During the last two weeks of the old year, the schools passed 
through their examinations, giving recitations and answering 
questions from the Juvkxii.k Instructor. Altogether, the 
children did remarkably well. The teachers felt that theirlabors 
were appreciated by both parents and children, and were greatly 
encouraged in the great anj glorious work that they are engaged 
in. 

"The Bishop has changed the meeting from the morning to two 
o'clock in the afternoon, and allows the Sabbath scliool to meet 
at ten o'clock in the morning; and I believe theschools aregreutlv 
improved by the change. We take aliout one hundred copies of 
the Instructor, which are almost the foundation of our Sabbath 
schools. Brother Nathan T. Porter, the County superintendent, 
occasionally visits the schools, and encourages all engaged to be 
diligent in educating the minds of the children in truth and 
righteousn(s>." 



CoNTENTME.NT.— Isaac Walton wrote: "Let us not repine, 
o; so much as think the gifts of God unequally dealt, if we 
sie another abound with riches; when, as God knows, the 
cares that are the keys that keep those riches, hang often so 
heavily at the rich man's girdle that they clog him with 
wiary days and restless nights, even while others sleep quietly. 
AVe .see but the outside of the rich man's happiness; few 
onsider him to be like the silkworm, that, when she seems 
to play, is at the very same time spinning her own bowels, 
and consuming herself And this many rich men do; loading 
themselves with corroding cares to keep what they have 
already got. Let us, therefore, be thankful for healthened 
competence, and above all for a quiet conscience." 





J" TJ "V E IsT I L E3 I IsT S T I5.TJ C T O I?. . 



51 



* 4 

^at'ith: croTXiiTcs-s bit 



BY C. R. S. 




{(jontiiiaed. ) 

PHIL,\DELPII[A is the second largest city iu the United 
States. It covers more ground thin any other city, and 
is the mo-t comfortable and best laid on' of any larje city in 
the Union. It was founded in l(iS2, by NVilliaui Penn, accom- 
panied by a colonv of Q lakors from Ennland. From the 
commeacement it has been a p o-;perou-i city; it was the most 
important of all dnrins; the colonial period, and for twenty- five 
years affcrwai-d^. The first Congress assembled there in 
Carpenter's H dl, an! the Dec'aration of Ind'.'pendence was 
signed and issued Jnly tiie 4th, ITTii, from bulependenee 
Hall, which now presents pretty much the s imo appearance 
that it did then. 

The population numbered in ISO;), 41,220-, in ]S74, ()74,22() 
souls. It is the greatest minufacturin; city in tl e Union, and 
is, withal, the most interesting of all to visit. Places of )nib 
lie resort of great interest, are found there in abundance. 
The arrangement f )r numberina; the streets fif Philad. Iphia, 
is entirely original, and was instituted in ITVKI. Eich block, 
counting from the river, begins with the initial number of a 
hundred. Thus, should you want to visit No. 2 001, on any 
str,;et, you would know it w,is between 20th and 21si street, 
and so en. 

Before we visit the "Centennial," a vi-it ti Inde|ionl no5 
Hall will be in order. It is situated on Ciiestnut Street; a 
portrait of General Washington is placed in front of the build- 
ing' 111 one of the lonius is the old Liberty Bell that was ea t 
i-n England, an 1 cracked on its first ringing. It was re-east 
■with the prophetic words from Leviticus, xxv, 10. inscribed 
ui_on it: "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land, unto all 
the inhabitants thereof." This was iu the year IT-io. After 
bsing use! ii fulfillramt of its mission, it cracked again, and 
WIS remove 1 to Bethlehem to prevent its falling into the 
han Is of th • Brlt'<h; and now it stands in the II ill as a relic. 
The old f irtuture used by the first C ingress, atid relics of the 
battle of Germaniown, old battered doors fu 1 of bullet holes 
that tell the story of the sanguinary .struggle for independence, 
oil documents, clothing and pictures, are there exhibited. It 
was almost imoossible to see anything, so great was the crowd 
that filled the hall from morning until night. 

The new public building, now in course of erection, will have 
a tower four hundred and fifty feet high, which is calculated 
t ) bo the highest tower in the world. 

Giranl C )llege. (oumleil by Stephen GIrard, is one of the 
prominent places, and <le.serveilly so. It was erected to furnish 
a home, fool and clothing for poor boys, five hundred and 
fifty of whom, between the ages of six and ten, are now accom- 
modated there. "When they have stayed there eight years 
they are apiirenticcd to learn some useful trade. Everything 
is free to tho.se who are f )rtunatc enough to gain ;;dmission. 
It is hoped that the trustees will bo able to accommodate one 
thousand boys when they have erected suitable buildings for 
the property that is a .source of .support for the institution i-i 
growing nnre valuable every day. I'rie.sts and ministers of 
the gospel are forbidden to enter the ground on any pretext 
hatevcr. 



. Another institution commands attention, and that is the 
^lasonic Temple. It has a tower two hundred and thirty feet 
high. Ten million brick were used in the inner mnsonry; the 
outside is built of granite. It is entirely fireproof, and is the 
finest building in the world controlled by the Freemasons. It 
co.st $1,. 500. (.100. 

One of the places most visited by "Centennial" visitors was 
the Mint, which is the oldest and the leading one in the 
United States. The first coins were made here in 170.3. They 
were copper cents. There is a collection of coins of all ages 
and nations, in the building, some of which are 3 000 years 
old Coinage of money is constantly going on; immense 
quintitie., of old plate and coin, as well as gold dust and bars 
of metal, are beintr conv^erted into money. 'Nearly $70,000,000 
in gold and $15,000,000 in silver was placed on deposit to be 
co'ned in 1870. 

Philadelphia is ninety miles fiom the sea, on the Deleware 
river. The Government has a navy yard there, that was 
established in ISOl. Trophies of every kind connected with 
military affairs, both field and naval, are stacked up in 
immense piles — much more agreeable to contemplate in this 
shape than when they were in active use. 

Much could be written of the charities and institutions of a 
ereat city, for such abound plentifully it) the subject of tbifa 
chapter, but we mu t leave them for a study of mankind as seen 
duringthegreat ru-b lo theexhibition during the clo-bii: month-. 
A'l the hotels, as well as private houses, that could accom- 
modate strangers. w,'re filled. Street cars were invariably 
crowded, so that it was almost impossible to get a chance to 
sit down in them In every cise that I took a street car lead- 
ing to the exhibition, 1 had to stand. It was calculated that 
the street cars, omuihus^es and steaiubo.-its carried to and from 
the ground 15,000,000 per.-ons. Every kind of vehicle that 
could carry passengers was brought into reipiisition. The 
streets, stores and hotels were all crowded. It is calculated 
that the Pennsylvania and Reading Rjiltoads, leading to and 
from the grounl<, carried S,000,0;lO. The total number of 
visitors, excludingtheopeningand closing days, was 10,000.000. 
T:ie price of admission was fifty cent'^, but there were twenty- 
five cent days. The greatest number that attended on one 
day was 275,000 The total receipts from the sale of tickets 
amounted to $3, "(31, i'>07, 00. Bes'djsthi- the commi.-sioncrs sold 
■excluMve rights and privileges; for instance, f(u- the exclusive 
right to make and sell pop corn, acitizen of Ohio paid $7,000. 
The Photographic Co., for the exclusive right to photograph 
and sell views of the grounds, liuildings and iibjccts on exhibi- 
tion, paid $2t),0t)0; and I am informed that $100,000 was |iaid 
for the right to sell lager beer on the grounds. Nuui'T.uis other 
privileges were disposed of at high prices. The total 
resources must have been ciku-uious. 

I must go back a little to the starting iioint, and inform the 
readers that the Congress of the United States, by an act 
approved JIarch 3, 1871, decided to hold a national fcvtival to 
embrace arts, manufactures and produci-.s of the soil, as the 
fittest way to commemorate the centennial year oi I S7i'i. Com- 
missioners were accordingly appointed, and tlu' resolution 
taken to hold the exhibition in Fairmount Park, near I'hil 
adelphia, in honor of the Declaration of LiilepciiilciK-e having 
been issued from this place. Two liundred and forty acres of 
Fairmount Park were fenced in for the purposes of the com- 
missioners, in striking contrast to the first cxhihition held in 
Hyde Park, London, in 1851, liie building lor which only 
covered twenty acres, ami was amide hu- the puri.oses intended. 
[To be Continued.) 





x-Li 



'V- 



5S 



TTirSl^IIL.E I^sTSTI^TJCTOT^. 3f 



1 



ff^rauels ii|^ |[iitliH, 



BY WILLIAM FOTIIERINCHAM. 



iContinued.) 

BUT few Hindoos have ever been converted to the Christian 
religion tluit have any standing in their own caste. Those 
who have allied themselves with the different denominations, 
are generally of that class who have lost their jiositions of 
membership, and become outcasts to their former friends. 

The country adjacent to the Ganse-, with its many mouth--, 
is dotted with numerous villaees which swarm with human 
beings. AVhen a Hindoo is sick, and ling-ers for some time, 
the friends of the sick will take the patient to the river (ianges, 
and place him in a prostrate position in the water, with 
all the body immersed but the head, and then throw water 
and mud into the face and mouth of the atflicted, singing, 
'■Hurre bole,'' that is. "give up the ghost." He is left in 
that condition, and when the tide comes up (the influence of 
which is felt in the dry season two hundred and forty miles 
inland) it puts a speedy end to all his earthly troubles. This 
will partly account for the many dead bodies that are to be 
seen daily floating down the Hoogly river, the Calcutta branch 
of the Ganges, of which T will treat more explicitly hereafter. 

While in the expo-ed and dyinir condition referred to, niany 
have been rescued by parsing Europeans, who h ,ve jilaccd 
them where they received jiroper medical treatment, and, 
being thus cared fi>r, many have recovered; still they were 
dead to their former friends and caste. Being disowned by 
such, they had no alternative left but to become candidates 
for Christian conver.--ion, or to become denizens of any of ihe 
cities of refuge, one ol which is Bengal, containing 1 5,0(10 
people. Idolatry being a jiart and pnriiim of their very 
existence, they would, on every suitable occasion, wor.-hip 
after the maimer of their fathers, when mir iiiimediale'j- under 
the eye ol their spiiitnal advi-er. 

Onr reverend mis.sionary friends, by the .nid of money con- 
tributed from Europe and America, have labored zealously to 
convert the heathen Hindoos and Mii-'sulmen to the Christian 
religion; but generally the result of their labors is similar to 
that expressed by .le-us when He said, in relation to the 
proselyte made 1\^ the Jews, that they compassed l)olh sea and 
land to make one proselyte, and when made, he was two fold 
more ihc child of hell than he was before. 

Every household in India has to employ from five to twenty- 
five native servants. The Christians, instead of eni])loying 
native Ciiristians to be their .servants, will hire Hindoo I'lid 
Mahoniedan helps, and when ([uesiioned in lelaticm to this 
fact, will acknowledge that the converted natives could not be 
trusted; that they would steal, lie and get into.vicated. Before 
proieediug farther with the account of my travels, I shall 
write a brief chapter descriptive of the city of Calcutta. 

The city of Calcutta — the chief emporium and capitol of 
British India — was fminded about the close of the seventeenth 
century, by Charnock, an agent engaged in the service of the 
E.ist India company. Calcutta derived its name from a village 
called Kalikiitta; and there the temple of the goddess Kaile 
is situated, and is .-till thronged by a multitude o( devotees 
at the annual "■puga." Calcutta can boast oj' its mint, 
mu-eum of the K'lyal A-iatic .Society, public library, its 




literary and scientific institutions; also Hindoo, Mahomedan 
and Sanscrit colleges, with churches of various denominations, 
together with Hindoo and Chinese temples and Mahomedan 
mosques. It has a population of more than four hundred 
thou-^and, twenty-three thousand of whom are Europeans and 
of European extraction, including half castes. The remainder 
are natives of India, with a sprinkling of inhabitants from the 
islands of the Indian Archipelago and Eastern Africa. The 
city is built on a level tract of land extending two miles from 
east to west, and five miles. from north to south. That part of 
the city occupied by Europeans is elegantly built, every house 
being after the manner of a palace, having flat roofs, rooms 
commodious and airy, with large windows and doors, having 
]iorticos and verandahs. In fact, Calcutta is called the "city 
of palaces," and this is no misnomer. 

The "Maidan." a large open plain, about two miles long 
and three-fourths of a mile wide, is situated in the south- 
western part of the city, the northern part of which is called 
the "Esplanade." Fort William, the principal fortress in 
India, is built in the center of the "Maidau," or about an 
equal distance from the north and south extremities, and near 
to the river. The fort is about one half mile in diametei, 
mounts from six hundred to seven hundred cannons, is gar- 
risoned with European and Sepoy troops, and iu troublesome 
or war times will quarter from fourteen to .sixteen thousand 
men. The Strand, a very fine turnpike road, runs along the 
river side. It is the fashionable resort for wealthy Europeans 
and others, who are to be seen from before sunset until dusk, 
enjoying their evening drives, some in carriages, others on 
hor.seback and in palanquins. You will there see the gov- 
ernor general of India, in his flnel}--mounted carriage drawn 
by four hor.ses, with postillion, coachman and footman, with 
an escort of native cavalary, mounted on fine looking 
hor.ses. 

It was generaly amusing to us, as we took our evening drive 
on foot, to see the native "ghurrees," some laden with natives 
and others with drunken sailors. What a contrast they pre- 
presented when compared with the outfits of the Aristocrats! 
Neither the wheels nor axles of these vehicles were constructed 
on a true mechanical in-inci)ile, for ever.v revolution of the 
wheels made a track in the fand almost as crooked as a ram's 
horn. 

Calcutta is adorned with various monuments; the most con- 
spicious of which are a statue of the JIarquis of Wellesly, 
an! a monument erected to the memory of Sir Pavid Ochter- 
long, which is near the north-ea-^tern part of the "Maidan." 
It is a lofty tower which is ascended by an inside spiral stair, 
the summit of which commands an extensive and superb view 
of the city and its surroundings. 

The water supply of Calcutta is furnished by means of 
tanks, ol' which there are more than a thousand distributed 
throuL'liout the city. They are formed by excavations, and 
walled uj) wiih mason work, having flights of stejis leading 
into them. The river is, most of the time, too brackish for 
culinary use. and is only suitable for the watering of the 
streets The tanks receive their supply of water from the 
clouds, which pour down for four months, while the south- 
western monsoons are prevailing, and during this time, sixty- 
four inches of rain water will fall. The water is carried from 
these reservoii.s to every household, in large leathern bags, on 
the backs of water bearers, or "bheestie.s.'' 

Another iirominent point of attraction is the botanical garden, 
situated on the opno.site side of the river, three miles below Cal- 
cutta A Ijanyan tree covering two acresof ground, attracts th 





cr TJ "V E I^T I L E I3Srsa?K.UCTOI?. 



53 




attention of all visitors. There are also a large and varied 
collection of tropical plants from all parts of the world. 

"Garden Reach," a beautiful suburb, opposite the botanica] 
garden, on the Calcutta side of the river, is adorned with 
princely residences of the wealthy merchants who do business 
in the "City of Palaces." 

To he Continued. 



l|ioeraph|i. 



j-ossi^h: snvEiTHi, the 



( Continued. ) 




TEXT .Sunday, April 3rd, two of the Twelve Apostles 
preached in the forenoon, and in the afternoon the sacra- 
ment was administered. After which Joseph retired to the 
pulpit, and the vails being dropped, he bowed himself, with 
Oliver Cowdery, in solemn and silent prayer to the Most High. 
After rising from praye*-, a most glorious vision of the Lord 
was opened to both of them. The vail was taken from their 
minds, and the eyes of their understandings were opened. 
They saw the Lird standing upon the breastwork ol the pulpit 
befqre them. Under his feet was a paved work of pure gold, 
in color like amber. His ej'es were as a flame of fire; the hair 
of His head was white like the pure .snow; His countenance 
shone above the brightness of the sun, and His voice was as 
the sound of the rushing of great waters, even the voice of 
Jehovah, saying, I am the First and the Last; 1 am He who 
was slain; I am your adv.?cate with the Father. He spoke 
many words of encouragement unto them, and gave them 
precious promises, and told them things that should come to 
pass. 

After that vision closed, the heavens wore again oiiened unto 
them, and Moses appeared before them, and committed unto 
them the keys of he gathering of Israel from the four parts of 
the earth and the leading of the Ten Tribes from the land of 
the north. Elias then appeared, and committed the dispensa- 
tion of the gospel of Abraham. 

After that vision had closed, another great and glorious 
vision burst upon them, for J^lijah, the pr .phet, who was taken 
to heaven without tasting death, stood defore them, and said, 
behold the time has fully come, which was spoken of by the 
mouth of Malaehi, testifying that he (Elijah) should be sent 
before the great and dreadful day of the Li rd come, to turn 
the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the children to 
the fathers, lost the whole earth be smitten with a curse. 
Therefore, .said he, the keysof this dispensation are committed 
into your hands, and by this ye may know, that the great and 
dreadful day of the Lord is near, even at the doors. 

In tracing the liiography of Joseph from the beginning of 
his career until the present, our little readers will see that 
Joseph's growth in the knowledge and power of God was 
very steady. He never wavered or stopped, but pressed 
forward, keeping the commanditionts of G.)d with great dili- 
gence. His suocoss and power were due to this. Do you 
think, children, that he would h;ive been lile-sod as he was if 
ho had not jirayed and been faithful every day? No man could 



have had the favor of God as he had it, if he had been lazy 
and careless. If our little readers desire to be men and women 
whom God will love and honor, they must not be careless about 
praying and doing other good works. They should try to do 
g )od alw.iy-, and make it a habit, and then, as they grow up, 
it will be easy and natural for them to do so. It is the 
privileee of children in this Church to have great faith. By 
their faith they can have power with God. He loves little 
children, and listens to theii prayers. The children in this 
Church, if they do right, will have stronger faith than their 
parents have been able to obtain. They are taught the ways 
of the Lord in their childhood, and have their parents' know- 
ledge and experience to help them. Their parents, in the most 
of cases, did not have such advantages when they were young. 
For several weeks after the dedication of the Temple, J oseph, 
and the Elders associated with him, were busily engaged in 
attending to the spiritual interests of the brethren and in 
measures for the building up of Kirtland. During the month 
of 3Iay, in that year (ISSili, two of Joseph's uncle.-i— Asahel 
and Silas— arrived in Kirtland with their families. They 
brought with them their mother— Joseph's grandmother— 
jMary Smith, an aged lady, ninety-three years of age, who 
had traveled five hundred miles to see her children. She was 
V3ry much pleased and gratified to .see Joseph. Her husband, 
Asahel Smith, Joseph's grandfather, had prophesied, long 
before, that there would be a prophet raised up in his family. 
A short time before his death, he had received the Book of 
^Mormon, and read it nearly through, and he declared that 
Joseph was the very prophet! Jo.seph's grandmother had 
lived to .see her husband's prophecy falHlled, and, in the flesh, 
to behold her grandson, who had been so favored of the Lord. 
It was but natural that she should have great joy. For ten 
days after her arrival in Kirtland, she enjoyed the society of 
her four sons and their families, and then fell asleep, without 
sickness, p'lin or regret. She died on May 27th. Her maiden 
name was .^lary Duty, and her hu.sband, Asahel Smith, and 
herself were married in February, 1 7(17, and they lived together 
as husband and wife for the long p:;riod of sixty-four years, rear- 
ing eleven children to man and womanhood. She outlived her 
hu-band five years. At the time of his death their direct de- 
.-cendant-i numberel one hundred and ten. 

After the>uffevings the Saints in .Missouii had received from 
"the liandsof the mob, it might bi thought they would be left 
in peace. But it was vain to look for peace and quiet in that 
land. Those wicked people who lived there were determined 
that the Saints should have no rest. They were afraid of them 
and their increa-^e in nuinbcr. Depending upon their slaves to 
do their work, they could not bear to sec a peojile settle near 
them who worked with their own hands to sustain tliemsolvcs. 
On the 29th of June, 1830, a iiublie meeting was held in the 
Court House at the town of Liberty, Clay County. Our little 
readers will remember that is was to this ('ounty of Clay our 
people mostly fied when they wore driven from their homes 
and lands in Jackson County. A committee of nine was 
appointed to draft resolutions, in whicii the feelings of the 
people at the meeting would be given. This committee agreed 
uiiaiiiniously upon a report, which was read, and adopted, by 
the meciting. Thirty year.s have pas.sod away since that report 
and tho,-e resolutions w<'re adopted, and in reading them to- 
day, and reflecting upon the events that have taken place in 
Clay County and throughout Missouri since that time, we an' 
forced to exclaim, how wonderfully God has wrought to fullill 
Hi, promise-; and toavenge His elect! 

( To be Continued. ) 




■r*^' 



54 



CTTJ'v^EnsriLE iisr st:r.tjctoi?>. 



^ 



^Iie Jlurcnile Instructor, 



UCORO£ a. CANNON. - 


EDITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


MARCH 1, 1877. 



EZDITOK^Z^Xj thzotjo-hits. 





^j^^, Y dispatches from General Crook, who has 
acquired some fame as an Indian fishter, 
we learn that he has unbounded faith in 
the successful working of the plan of enlist- 
ment of friendly Sioux as scouts and war- 
riors to fight with other Indians. In the 
last campaign against the Cheyennes, he 
found Indians of great use in trailing them 
to their hiding places. On one occasion, 
erfollowingthe trail for several d^vs, the Sioux 
-ted out in a direct line and struck the village 
once. The surprise proved ?o complete that 
ny Cheyennes fled without eyen a moccasin 
foot, with the thermometer several degrees 
below zero. Many must have perished. 

This is the old, old story that has been repeated 
l^n'S ever since the 'settlement ff the country by the white 
V men. If the Indians had been frue to themselves 
and united, it is doubtful if the whites could have maintained 
a foothold on the land; or if thev had, their conquest would 
have been c:infined to comparatively narrow limits. But the 
red men have bsen divided among them-;e'ves. Tribo has 
been arrayed against trihe, and they have become the allies of 
the whites, and their instruments of venge.-.nce upon their 
fellow red men. In fhi* Sioux war which has been waged by 
the whiles of thi< ninon for the past year, all the success that 
the former has gained, has been thrnugh their Indian alli.'S. 

The historian, Oliver, in his Puritan Commonweab'i. 
describes the fate of the Pequods "the most warlike of all the 
Indians " When the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth they were 
a powerful tribe. They saw the danger they were in from the 
attacks of the whites^that every pretext was considered as an 
occasion tn ma'^e war upon them. The great tribe of the 
Narragansett were tb,^ enemies of the Pequods; and the latter, 
beconi'n',' alarmed at the growing power of the whites, buried 
their animosity asainst the Xarragansetts, and endeavored to 
rouse that numerous tribe to a sense of the precarious condi- 
tion of the red men. The arguments they used were most 
"cosrent and invincible." They descrilied to them the results 
that would surely f illow if the red men continued divided and 
enemies to each other, and said: "'Let us be friends and allies, 
since mutual animosity now can only produce common destruc- 
tion!' The Xarragansetts were on the point of forming an 
alliance with them when an agent from the wliite men arrived 
in their midst. lie made presents and promises, and they 
yielded to his persuasions, and entered into a league with tbe 
Puritans that neither party should "make peace with the 
Prquods without the consent of the other." 

L=t US quote the language of Oliver, ui)on this subject: 
"The Pciiuods were now an isolated tribe, and coolly and 
deliberately the I'liritan Commonwealth hemmed them in on 
every side. Preparations were made, not for war, Vjut for 
butcherv: and. in pursuance of this plan, Massachusetf.s called 
fiir assistance upon the neighboring colonies. Plymouth 
remonstrated, and even Connecticut wished for a more fitting 



season. But all in vain. Con-cience was the plea urged, and 
'in point of conscience' these three jurisdictions united their 
armed forces against the Pequods, fur the purjiose of achiev- 
ing their entire destruction. The seal of the Puritan church 
was set upon the expedition, by the administration of the 
Holy Communi >n. Lite in the spring, the campaign com- 
menced; and, before the close of summer, the Pequods were 
swept as by a whirlwind from tlie lacj of the earth. They 
made 'a noble stand against the united forces of New England, 
and would certiinly have defended their country,' had the 
Narragansetts listened to their solemu warning. But they had 
not a friend or an ally, and peri-hud by their ancestral graves, 
without sympathy or hope. When nearly all i heir wairiors 
had been destroyed, and only a handful remained in a 'hideous 
swamp,' to make one more stan I a.;ain-t their unrelenting 
foes, the terms of peace "were ofF>-red them. The land had 
been conquere ', would it not want slaves for cultivation? 'Lay 
down your arms,' was the proposal, and 'surrender into our 
hands all of your number who have killed any of our country- 
men ' 'We will stand by one an other, and sell our lives as 
dearly as we cm.' was the hero'c reply. And, during that 
dreadful night, the stars of heaven looked down upon a band 
of Christian men, whose lips were yet moist with the sacra- 
mental wine, and who poured, without ceasing, their shots 
into the mud and thicket, where were gathered the last rem- 
nants of the Pequod race, men, women and children. The 
light of the morning broke upon an awful scene. The Indians 
were d:i.covered 'sitting in heaps,' the old men, the squaws 
aud the pappooses close together. The warriors were dead, 
djing, or heart-broken. They fought no more. Nordid t^ese 
shuddering groups ask for quarter or resist destruction. They 
received, unmoved, the shots of the Puritan troops, who sur- 
rounded the swamp, only twelve feet apart, whose pieces 
were 'laden with ten or twelve pistol bullets at a time,' 
and the muzzles of which were 'put under the boughs, 
wiihin a few yards of them.' And thus, to the end, 
these 'sullen dogs' preferred death to the tender mercies 
of Puritanism. Their rude fortresses were taken and burned, 
and in them hundreds of their race. Such holocausts the 
world has rarely seen. They were pursued into thicket and 
swamp; they were hunted in valley and hill; and, before the 
summer had closed, eight hundred Pequod warriors were 
butchered by the Puritan forces. One hundred and eighty 
women and children remained, as trophies of the conquest; 
and of these, the females were distributed as slaves among 
the English towns and the Narragansetts, while the male 
children were sold to the Bermudas. The male adults taken 
captive, old and young, were to a man beheaded. And so, 
'some burning, some bleeding to death by the sword, some 
resisting until they were cut off, some beaten down as they 
were flying,' and a small remnant captured and enslaved, the 
noblest race of red men in New England perished. Their 
chief became a fugitive and outlaw; and the tiiumph of the 
Puritan Commonwealth was complete, when the scalp of 
Cassacus was paraded in Boston. Such was the end of a 
tribe, which, as Winthrop afterwards said, "had done Massa- 
chiiartts nn mjitri/." 

This historian, Oliver, e^identlv thought that. su'-h a wanton 
destruction of human life must be displeasin.e to the Almighty, 
and he proceeds afterwards to describe the fate of the leaders 
of this massacre: "But the captains of this famous expedi- 
tion, who. by their cowardly cruelty, had sullied the religion 
they professed, and had exterminated a nation that they might 
better their own condition, were visited, probably, with as 





O'TJ'VEItTIIL.E] XHSrSTZEbTJCrOI?/. 



55 




remarkable a series of divine judgments as history records. 
Slaughton, the general, who, with several others, afterwards 
entered the parliamentar.v service in England, was the only one 
who died away from his home; his companions all returning. 
Underhill, a confessed adulterer, was banished in disgrace 
from the Puritan Commonwealth, during the Antinouiian 
troubles. Patrick, a 'vicious man,' though a 'member of the 
church,' was shot by a Dutchman, at Stamford, in an affray at 
the house of his comrade, Underhill. Mason, who applied 
the torch with his own hand to the Poquod fort, in which 
hundreds of men, women and childiHU burned to dea'h, just 
ten years after, was burnt out at Saybrook, on a tempesluows 
night in the depth of winter, losing all his goods and property, 
and barel3' saving the lives of him'^elf and his family. Turin r 
was lost in a ship which sailed fiom New Haven, and was 
never heard from. I).ivenport, long after the Pequods were 
forgotten, in the eveni ig of hi-s life, and in the a| pare illy 
secure enjoyment of station and respectability, was in a 
moment blasted by a flash of lightning. Eu.sign Jennison. 
soon after the Pequod expedition, fell into disgrace, and only 
saved himself from ruin by the most abject humiliatinn. The 
list of offijers is complete, and behold in what manner heaven 
rewarded these sauctimoniou-s homicides! We can only add 
here, to show how the Greit Spirit of nature taught the rude 
hearts of these heathen, that, in t^^c midst of the de,soktion a 
false Christianity was inflictiiig upon them, two Eugli-h maids, 
whom they captured, were 'well treated,' and were only aski d 
whether they 'could make gunpowder ' 



FXZJ^lR.Tl O. 



BY (i. M. o. 




FRANCISCO PIZ.VRRO was born at Tru.^cillo, a city of 
E^tremadura. in Spain. Few wiilers \(.nture to assign 
the d:ite of his birth. Pn .scntt p'aces it about the year 1471. 
other writers in the years 147.>, 147s and l.'iOO respectively. 
He was an illegitimate child of an "honorable' gentleman 
and a woman of low birth-. In monarchical countries pcojile 
are divided into cla<ses; the highest are called "bonornble'' 
and "gentle folk-;" ii-,hi's are said to be of low birth. 
Between these two aie the middling class. So it is not 
surprising that his i-iarent.s tonk so little pains to perpeti-tte 
the date of his birth. Ili-i father made no effort t'> give his 
son .such instruction a- wnuld enable him to rise in society 
above the rank of his mother, but employed liim when young, 
it is said, in takins care of pigs. Acenrding to some accounts 
of his early life he was deserted by both his parent-, and left 
as a foundling on the steps of a convent in the c ty. It is 
even said that he would have jierished had he not lieen nursed 
by a sow. In tact, very liitle is known of the early hi-tory of 
the man; but it is certain he received little caie from his 
parents and grew up as nature dictatul, not even being taught 
to read or write. 

(rrowing tired of his disagreeable enii>loynicnt as swineherd, 
he went into Italy as a soldier How lonsr Ik^ remained there 
is not known. Sharing, doubtless, in the popular enlhusaism 
created by the discoveries in the New World, he embarked 
with other adventurers to seek a fortune in the west. Few of 
them turned their backs on their country with less cause for 
regret. The first we hear of him in the New World is at 
llispaniohi, in l.'iK), when; be took part in the e'ipe<)ition to 
Traba, in Terra i''irma, under Alonzo de Ojeda. lie shared 
the disasters of this expedition, and we next find bini 



associated with Balboa, the discoverer of the Pacific, and 
( operating with him in the establishment of the Darien 
colony. He had the glory of being on.i among the first 
Europeans whose eyes weic greeted with a vi-ion of the long 
sought Southern Ocean. After the untimely death of hi-< 
commander, Balboa, the governor — Pedraria^ — employed 
Pizarro on several military expeditions which afforded little 
more than a training for the peril.> and privations that lay in 
his fatuie path. In 151.') he was .selected, with a companion 
named Morales, to cross the l-thmus and traffic with the 
natives on the Pacific coast; and be then and iheie probably 
learned of the rich countiie-> lying to the touthward. When 
the colony was remo\ed to Panama, he aciouipanied Pedrarias, 
and became couspicuoua aniong the cavaliers who extended 
their conquests northwaid over the tribes of Varazua. 

In l.'ilili .\ndaznya return^ d fiom his unsuccessful enterprise 
to the south of Panama. His glowing acouiits of the lichness 
and grandeur of the count ies beyond, coupled \\ith the 




h'RANClSlO I'IZAHItn 

acliicveniciits of Cortez, 'u Mrxiei , nave a new impetu-; to the 
spirit of .idven'nie, and con-eqiiently a partnership was 
liirined between I'iznro. AlinaL'ro — nbo whs al.so a soldier of 
fiirtune — and Heiimndo de li\i(|Ue, a Spanish ecclesiastic, who 
i'lunished the in eiey for the exploration of the unknown seas 
and coiintrie-. 

Pizarro a-isuined I'omniand of this expelition, which 
eon.^isted of two small ves>. Is and about one hundred me' . 
Sailing from ]*.niama in Novenilier. l.'iL'l, after miiiy and 
vaiiel hardships, they discovered the coast of I'eiu. They 
landed at Tombez. three degrees south of the equator. Here 
they found lofty temples and a palace of the Fnca. <ir ruler of 
the country. The people were nnmenms and well cloth, d; in 
fact, everytliing evinced a thriving and industrious nation; 
and, what was more in tiie eyes of the greedy advc tiirers, 
gold and silver were very plentiful. I'zirro's iiopes were 

fiillilled, but he was afraid to \entnre on tl )n(iuest with so 

sni ill an armv as he had with him. Ileeiasted ali'ug tlie 





J tj^et^X3_-e: I isrsTP^u ctoi?. 



'"^m 



<f 



country, collected what gold and silver he could, took two (if 
the natives, young men, to instruct in the Spanish laniuige, 
that they might serve as interpreters, and with this cargo he 
returned to Panama, after an absence nf three j'ears. 

The governor of I'anama wa« not willing to as^i,st ihe three 
companions in raising men anl Mriplios to cmquer the newly 
discovared country, lait they di I not give uji the entoiprise. 
A new agreement was nri !•■; I'zirro wis to lie governor, 
Almagro lieutenant governor and Liii|ue bishop of the new 
countrj'. They raised suifi.-icnt nioniy to fit out a ship, in 



which Pizirro sailed to S:: 



he represented to the 



emperor the riches of Pe'ii, the country he and his eompaniuns 



had riskeil thair li 



iin J fortunes to disco 




After being ma le governor, captain general and admiral of 
the whole countiy which he had discovered (and asking no 
favois for Almagro, by the way), Plzarro obtained a promise 
from the emperor ih it he would sanction his cxpedumn pro- 
viding he raised two hundred an 1 lifty men, w,th arms, pro- 
visions and ships, to conquer ihe country. His government 
was to reich tw3 hunired leagues along the coast, south of 
St. Jago, and 
independent of 
Panama. But 
he found it was 
a difficult task 
to raise a suffi- 
cient armament 
and men; in fact, 
he sailed from 
Spain rather 
privately, with 
but half of the 
equipment 
Before sailing 
however, he re 
ceived some 
money from 
C o r t e z , who 
happened to be 
at that time in 
Spain. Cortez 
knew Pizarro to 
be resolute and 
persevering, and 
felt confident of 

his success. Afionpanied lyh'sil-.ree 
Juan and Gonzilo, an 1 hi-; nintlicr's bi-o'i 
taro, he made the v.iyage fd\'i\- t/i N 
marched across the istbinus to Pouum i. 

Almagro w.is very ansriy '<-i'li j'/.ino tnr taking all the 
honors, but was finally pacified l-y bis artful as.-ociate, \\ho 
promised him a separate gnvernnicrit, should they sneered in 
conouering the country. Py the united eftuits of the leaone, 
three small ves„;l- w"re •^q-iipprd an 1 tnanne.] with one hun- 
dred and eighty so'dii" : nf 'vbrinj thirty >;x wc'-e borsi'iiien. 
The bold adventurers >ct out T^lihtbis small fnrcc to coiKpvr 
a country that thi y knew niust mr niny bo rich, Imt powerful. 
Having con-ccraled the Irtnncr- in tl.c caibcib-al cburcli <if 
Panama, and so! -mry invoked 'lie lib'-^iii'.' of Heaven on the 
enterprise, the little fie>;t sallied fnrtb fur th(^ conriucst fif 
]'cru early in .Tannary. I'. ;|. II f.-i-rj- r.-H-lird (Jiaiiue, a rirh 
and populoui city on the eoit of i'ln. it w;is surtoised and 
plundered. The lariic am •in' ■>" i- :i nn' socnred hero 
cheered the hearts ol his men, and wlien sciitliack to Panama, 




io:bcrs, Fc- 



TiZ.\l!RO 

1 ; 



lUllKllU 

•icr. Francisco Alcai - 
niiibrit dy Dion, ai d 



induiioJ others to hasten to participate in the plundering 
expetlition. Two detachments joined Pizarro that were very 
effi ient, one commanded liy Benalcazzar, the other by Her- 
nand ) de Soto, both .skillful soldiers. 

It w luld be beyond the limits of this article to attempt to 
nirrate the stirring events of the conquest of the Peruvians; 
suffice it to say, it is but a story of rapine robbery, cruelty 
and blood. Before 15.3.5, the country was subjugated, and the 
rule of the Incas ended forever. But now that the marauders 
had secured the soil, as a natural consequence, war broke out 
between themselves over the division. Almagro, laying claim 
t ) the royal city of Cuzco, attempted to sieze it, a fierce and 
bit ody war raged fir a while. Almagro was finallv defeated 
in battle, and taken prisoner. When in pri.son, by order of 
Pizarro, he was strangled. The followers of Almagro, finding 
that they could expect nothing from the heartless Pizarro, 
turned their attention to the son of Almagro, a young man, 
handsome, and skillful in all wailike exercises, hoping that he 
Would be able some day to help them to recover the advantages 
which they had lost. They began to form plans of revenge 

upon Pizarro. 
M*"^ "^ "&V~\-.. Young Alma- 

gro, assisted by 
a friend, Her- 
rada, a bold and 
wise officer, ar- 
langed their 
"in, choosing 
(or the execution 
nf it, a Sunday 
noon, when the 
people were en- 
'eying their 
siesta. They 
'^sg^^^^s left the house 
mS^ ^^ at the head of 
eighteen or 
twenty compan- 
ions. Drawing 
their swords, 
they advanced 
on the govern- 
or's residence 
shown in the 

HOME. engraving). 

Tney re.-ich 'd thi! bottom of the stairs before being observed; a 
page then g.ive the alarm. Pizarro stat tad up andcalUdfor 
.iriU'. SoMj(> of the persons in attendance drew their arms for 
th^'ir leader's detente; others threw themselves from the 
wiodnw.s and stuigbt safety in fiight. Pizarro fought until he 
was so weary that he cimid hardly hold bis sword, and being 
nn.ible to keep off the blows of .so many, received a wound in 
the I hroat and ^ank to the floor and died. His death occurred 
in the year 1541. when he was about sixty-five years of aL'C. 

I'izarro was tall in stature, and well proportioned, a man of 
infinite resourse and constancy ot purpose. He was temperate 
in eating and drinking, and usually arose an hour before dawn. 
II 'WIS puiictaal in business, shrank from no toil, and was 
blessed with great powers of patient endurance; but with all 
his good qualities and the glory of his conquest, he can be 
looked upon only as one nf the greatest and most blood- 
thirsty robbers the w.irld has jirodueed. The portrait shown 
on the preceding page is i'rom the original picture, which is in 
th.! I'alace of the Viceroys, at Lima; and the residence pic- 




T'-ETsTIlL.S] IITSTE,TJC'rOE, 



57 






tured in the engraving, evidently the one in whieh lie received 
his death wounds, is in the same city. 



nynissioisr. 



j^ 



BY ELDER C. 




( Continued. ) 

AS Elder C. had felt impressed, the temperance meeting 
resulted in making another opening for him. A da.y or 
two after it he was requested by several of the loading citizens 
to deliver a lecture descriptive of Utah and her people, and 
giving some account of their religion, etc. These gentlemen 
proffered to procure a hall and paj' all expenses if he would do 
so, and feeling it his duty he consented, and on the next Friday 
evening he lectured to a large audience, on the suhject of 
"Utah and her people." lie felt somewhat move at home 
with this suViJect than with that of temperence, because he 
had been born and raised in Utah, and, of course, knew by 
personal observation and experience more or less of his subject. 

Still, it seemed a great task to atieujpt to "leiture" about 
anything, but profiting by the blessing icceived on the lormer 
occasion, his faith was rather stronger tliis time. His remarks 
were well received, and he hoped they would do good in remov- 
ing prejudice at least. 

Elder C. remained in the place a few days longer, and one 
evening, by partictilar request, called upon the banker before 
alluded to, and in his private office had a long conversation 
with him, during which Elder C. laid the principles of the 
gospel before him as plainly as he could. The banker seemed 
deeply intere.-ted. He was a pious but liberal man. and evi- 
dently desired to find out the truth. ELriEli ('!. al.so spent an 
evening withJIr. A , and was very kindly and politely treated 
by a number of invited guests who were al>o present. "and who 
seemed pleased, with an oppoitunity to make the a(piainiance 
of a "jMormon Elder." On several evenings while he was 

in K , he was called tipon by ladies and senileme:!. fii -rids 

of his relative, who would converse with liim irrqiuntly till 
midnight. On one evening 31 r. A called and desired 1'vLDEB 
C. to compare the religion of the Latter-day Saints w'th the 
Bible, to see if they agreed, or to take lliu Kible and piove 
from it that "Mormonism" was Cliristianily. ]<]lt>er C 
replied >bat thi-! proposition civered a 'gie it deal of ground, but 
said he would go over as much of it as he could tliat e%'eiiing. 
Said Elder C. 

"I suppose you will acknowledge that Christ's sc rmon on 
the mount, contains as much of practical Christianity as per- 
haps any other portion of scripture of similar leiiL'tli." 

Mr. A. replied that he did, and that if the T-alter day Saints 
believed and lived U|> to that portion of (^hri-t's teachings, tluy 
de^^erved to be called Christ ian-j. 

Elder C. then opened the IVible and read verse after veise 
of Chri.st's sermon on the mount, jiansing frequently to c xplain 
as well as he was able, that in their religious pr:ictict's the 
Latter-day Saints, like all othei hnman beings, have ibeir 
weaknesses and human natuie, 

I\Ir. A, quest oiieil him particularly upon the ver^e which 
reads; ''Forgive us our debts as we fur^'iv "ur debtors" 
Matt, vi, 12, and asked if t\iv liatter-day Smiit- ever collected 
debts by law. 

El;l)Ell C. replied that their n^liginn furba'b' their going to 
iw, but the debts were generally e.illeeted tliiii\ii.'h the 



arbitration or authority of the officers of the Church, if the 
debtor was unwilling to pay his just del ts. 

Mr. A. said that the doctrine of Chiist required a man to 
forgive his debtors if they refused to pay their debts. 

Elder C. could not agree with that idea at all, but main- 
tained that Christ did not refer to debts of money or property 
which might be incurred in ordinary business transactions 
alone; but meant also debts of another kind, such as those of 
insult, slander, falsewitness, etc. Such debts as these we are 
required to forgive if our debtors ask us to; but Elder C. 
thought we were under no obligation to forgive our debtors 
who owed us money, provided they were able to pay it without 
bringing suffering upon them.selves or families, and said so to 
Jlr. A.; but the latter maintained that, according to Christ's 
teachings, we were never, under any circumstances, justified 
in collectin'g a just debt, no matter how large a sum was due, 
if the debtor refused to pay it of his own accord. 

The conversation ended ver.y pleasantly, and the ladies and 
gentlemen present who had come in to hear it, learned that 
the L itter-day Saints really believed in Je.sus as being the 
Son of (lad, and that at least part of their religion accorded 
with Christ's teachings. A great many people do not give 
the Latter-day Saints credit for having a scriptural religion, 
but when they come to investigate they discover that no sect 
on earth believe and practice more of the teachings of tho 
Hllile than do the Latter-day Saints. 

On leaving K — : Elder C wont to a country district 

several miles distant from that town, and stayed two or three 
days wiih his relatives. In the evening, .some neighbors, 
learning tiiat there was a '■Mormon Elder" in the place, would 
call to get a look at him, so great was their curio-ity to see 
one of that strange peoi»le. Elder C. easily detected the 
motive of their calls and wa-^ very successfid in removing 
prejudice forni their minds. 

The next place Elder C. visited was the town of C 

near the central part of tlie Slate of Illinois. lie was still 
traveling about, and had no prosji "ct of being joined by a 
companion for .some time at least. By this time he began to 
lie tempted to use tea or coffee, as the water had a peculiar 
and bad efl'ect upoa his system. He never had formed the 
iiabit of u.sin.t; uiiher, but had been taught by his parents to 
keep th J word of wisdum. an 1 he thought that while he was 
on a mi sion he certainly ought to ob.scrve it, and felt deter- 
mined to sutler a great deal before he woidd form the foolish 
habit of drinking waim diinks. 

It was not long before he got usC'l to ihe water so that it 
iigi'eed with him V'ly well, aiid be fell to thank the Lord for 
it. It was a sign to him that the Liud will always find a way 
for His children to keep His ciun-el ami commandments if 
th"y will only show the will to do su. 

In lb ■ town of C and vicinity, Elder V. had some 

very interesting mission iry experience, which will be duly 
related. 

( Til be C'liitiii'i' il. ) 

.\ I'Ei'.sd.v's lir-t eare should be to avoid the reproaches of his 
(iwiihvn-i; hism^xt, to esdpe the ecu uie of the Wiirld. If 
the l:i I i-r<!rferes wiih lb-' f roier, it ought im be entirely 
no,t:lecteil; i'Ut oiberwise, t'.erj caimo',. be a greater .-alisfactiou 
to an bciiii'st minil than to .-ee tho^e ajqirobations which it 
ji'w^'.s i-ell econdedby the appl.iusesof the public. A jierson 
is mine - I'- • of his cimlii 't w'icm 'he verdict which he pa.'ses 
u] I'll I I^ I wn lll:l\ilrl^ tins vi'iiai.lnl and eoi. filmed by 
lb ■ II ■iii'nii ol u'l that know h'm. 




\i^- 



58 



J \/ "vT- E n^ I Ij Ei T ItT S T I^ IT C T O I?.. 




\ ^ri^i to ^ui] ^utiiorle^. 



CHAPTER XXVIH. 



BY HUGH KNOCGH. 




THE en'onie* of Australia are all .suli>ervient to Great 
Britain, each ha' i i" a Governor ippointed ly ihe Tiiipeiiil 
Governuient. Their lorm of government is similar to that 
of J>iew Z'alan-l. On the south of the eintinent are the 
colonies of Victoria and >"^iulh Australia; on tho south-east, 
New Souih Wa'es; on the eas', Qu cn^lau 1, anrl on the wi s , 
Swan liiver Colony. New S )urh Wales was (o'uierly a penal 
colony for Great Briiain, l>ut for iniiiy years no ciiivicts have 
been transported to that colony. Smtn River is sfill a penal 
colon>. The city of .^Ielbourne, in Victoria, is a large and 
very har)dsonie ciiy. vieintr with any in America, and having 
a noputation of some 2.')(l,()00 people. Sydney, in New South 
Wales, is not so large nor so hand-^ome a city as the one first 
n med. Adelaide (South Australia\ B.isbane (Quei n !: n U, 
I'al'arat and Bcndivo are all fine and important lown;. 

The .social and reliirious condition of the colonists is simi'ai 
to that of New Z:'al ind. Mi-sionaries have lic^n sent from 
Utah from time to tim-', hut they have, comparatively, met 
with smtill success, oving to the .'a ne oiu-es thut were 
luontidiicd ill reirard ro missionary labor in^ew Z'aland. 

Oil the soutli-ea>t (Otncr ot Arstralia lies the bc^iitiliil 
Httle i^lai. I of \an D e nan's l^ind, or Tasmania It is a 
British p?nal colony MohartTovii an 1 Liunce-tui are its 
chief cities. 

Le-.ivin:; Au-itra'ia and sailing in a north-westerly directior, 
the first country of importance we come to is the southern 
fstreuiity of Africa, called the Cape of Good Tiope, also a 
British colony. It was formerly a l^utch settlement, and, the 
two race< minglinsr. foini a hard and unj;odiy pi ople as sime 
of our niissionarie-; wh 1 vi-ite 1 this coun"ry a few yi^ars ago 
found to their cost. 1). milling the Cape of Giod H'lpe, we 
enter the Atla 'itic O.ean, and as we are 1 ound for i he shores of 
Old E'lirhin'l, we steer in a nortlely diicction, shortly 
passinsr that "lone little i-!o of the ocean," St. Helena, made 
memorable as the place where the British cnnfined that great 
warrior Napoleon I> inaparte, and where at length he died of 
a bioken licart. Aswepro-ccd on ou; v.iyagi, we pass, on 
our right, L-vwer ami U.ipcr Guinea, the Gold Coas», 
Sene:rambia, 0<^ Groat Sahan, or African Djsert, and 
Morocco, all in Africa; al-o the groups of the Canary and 
Madeira Islands, and at length arrive at the mi'Uth of the 
Mediterranean Sea, known as the Strait of (rhral'ar, which 
s-^paratcj Africa from Sjiain in Europe. The Rock of 
Gibra't ir a- it i.« callc 1. i^ on the ."^pmi.sh sh ■vr3, and is famous 
forbein/ ihe stronge-t fortified place in the world, and !•< 
po.ssessed by the British. I'assing along the coasts of Spain 
and I'ortiigal, we enter the Bay of Biscay, noted for its 
d in/eroiH and s'ormy sea-i, pas* the cna^t ol France, and at 
last enter the En'rlisli CIki'iiioI, and in a iew hiurs drop 
anchor tindei the white cliff-* "f Old Hngland. 

.V description of England at the picsent tini' will not be 
necessary, as so many of our readers are familiar with that 
cn"ntry, through information gained from jiarents or friends. 

Your '"r'en 1 "Flugh" ha' somewhat abruptly brought to 
a cinclusion his "Trip ti th • .\n*ipode-, fo- the rei-son tha' 
he knowi of fo many good friends and excellent writers who 
are waiting for space in the I.vsTniTTnu for their own writings 



to appear; and so, not wishing to be covetous, atter being 
more than a year in your company, he makes his bow and 
e.xit, tru>ting that he ha.s imparted some little instruction and 
amu.semtnt to his many friends, and hoping that all short- 
co um^i w.U be Ibrgivcn by the indulgent readers. 

THE KMl. 



injE^oiMi A. ^"oxjisra- ivtis- 



II/'E select the following from a letter written from Leeds, 
V T England, by Elder Wm. W. Taylo-, to bis former t<^>aeh- 
crs and schoolmates of the 14th Ward Sunday sjhool. 

"It was one year la.st Octobe- since I left, homo to come to 
this country: I arrived at Liverpool on the 13th of November, 
and was as.signed the day following to labor in the Leeds 
Ci>nfererc', under the prisideucy of E'der Lorenzo Brown, 
and in company with Elder Edward W. Clark, of Santaquin. 
Thev were good, fatherly men and rendered me every assistance 
that was for my eood I often used to tell them I was afraid 
they would spoil ins with indaU'cnce; but whether they did 
or not, I shall always remember with pleasure my association 
with them here. 

'"When I first came, I was given the wrong address, and 
experienced some difficulty in finding any of the Saints; but 
was cordially welcomed when I found them. The day after 
mv arrival at Leeds being Sunday, I went to the Leeds 
Sunday school and delivered my first address in England to 
the children, and I can as.sure you I did not weary their 
patienes. I was called upon twice more during the day and 
began to feel a little more settled. 

'"Brothers Brown and Clark were absent from Leeds when 
I came, and I did not see either o\ them until Wedensday 
night, when Brother Clark came; and I do not think I was 
ever more pleased to meet any one in my life, although I had 
never sei»n him before. Brother Br.iwn came back on the 
day following, when Brother Clark and I were sent to Brad- 
f >rd to labor among the Saints, and do as much preaching 
to others as we could. Brother Clark had some bills printed, 
announcing that W. W. Taylor and E. W. Clark, of Salt 
Lake City, would pyeach at Clayton, on the principles of the 
gospel. ^Ve spent the week in visiting among the Saints, and 
on Sunday, according to a]ipointnieiif, went to Clayton. The 
house was very well filled in the afternoon, and they gave good 
attention while I was speaking, liut during Brother Clark's 
remarks they becanio uneasy. Some of the boys began 
shuffling their feet and laughing. They were encouraged and 
ill 'itcd to create a disturbance 1 y a Methodist local iireachcr. 
I was invited to the house of a gentleman in the village, who 
introduced nie to several of his friends as "a gentleman from 
Salt Like City." Being a man of considerable influence, he 
sent us a policeman in the evening, and we had a very orderly 
mcetirisr^ tlioiigh the house was (|uite crowded. 

"^^'hen I first went to Clayton, I felt very timid about 
staiiiling before a congregation of strangers; for I could not 
refer to a single passage in Un Bible, though I had read it 
through several times; but when I stood up to si>eak, th'ngs 
came to me that 1 had forgotten, as well as many arguments 
that I had never heard before, and I really astonished myself, 
HO powerfully did the Sjiirit work through me. Although it 
is very embarrassing for an inexiierienced person to stand 
before a congn^gation to teach them principles jiertaining to 
their salvation, I do not think there isanything that could g've a 
person greater joy than to stand up and speak under the 



j^iSt^' 




a"TJ^ii]isriiLiE! in^STi^TJCToi^. 



59 





influence of the Spirit of God; for, under its influence every- 
thing is made plain to our minds and a person is enabled to 
say just what he should, and say it, too, in such a way as to 
touch the honest in heart wherever they hear it. T can 
say for one that I have received some of the greatest 
testimonies of the truth of the gospel, while standing to 
preach to others, and have also understood many of the 
principles of the gospel more plainly than ever before; and 
many arguments in support of chem have tlien come to me 
that I had never before thought of; so that I can testify 
truthfully, that if my labors here have benefited no one else, the 
experience lam gaining will amply repay me for any loss of time 
or the association of friends and family I may have to endure. 

"Brother Clark went with me for some time after my arrival 
and introduced me among the Saints; afterwards (as soon as 
I was thought competent) I was sent off alone, making my 
own appointments as I thought fit. Since then I have been 
traveling and preaching wherever opportunity off'ered, and 
have always felt blessed in serving God and endeavoring to 
proclaim His word. 

Brothers Brown and Clark have since returned home; 
Brother L. D. Young is now laboring here with me. 

"There are a great many things here that would interis" 
j'ou, no doubt; and I think there is one thing you would learn 
by coming here; that is, to appreciaie your mountain homej; 
for I do not think you can properly appreciate them until you 
see the crowded up condition of the i.ieople here in the centre 
of some of th3 larger cities, where there is no place for the 
children to play near horns, without coing into the streets, 
and then they are in constant danger of being killed by a 
cart or some other conveyance running over them. One poor 
little girl about two years old, who wa^ just learning to 
toddle nicely, want outside while her mother turned her 
back; she was dead when they brought her in again; a horse 
had knocked her down and stepped on her head. This was 
near where we stay, and is considered a very cpiiet part of the 
town. In walking through town, you will see little boys and 
girls crying newspapers and matches. They would be glad of 
some of the old clothes that many of you would be ashamed 
to be seen in, and would consider themselves, if they had 
them, well dressed. Of course, this is only the very poor, 
but even the working classes (to whicn the Saints generally 
belong) are not in the condition that any of you would like 
to be in. I know many quite young children who go out every 
morning before six. o'clock to work in the factories, and by 
this means they manage to save enough means to keep them 
going when they are out of work, that is, if they are very 
careful. Some of them are not very careful. I used to visit 
one family of the Saints pretty often, and was always ccrJially 
welcomed and urgently invited when leaving, to call again. 
I learned afterwards that they used to pawn their clothes 
when I went, to get me a good dinner. As soon as I learned thi.=, 
I endeavored to make my calls between meals. I sometimes 
wonder if I, under such circumstances, could as cordially 
welcome persons with whom I had .scarcely any acquaintance 
and no relationship, excepting the gospel covenant. And yet 
they .say they are bles.sed in entertaining God's servants, and 
look upon us as the ancient Israelites looked upon the ark of 
God — wherever that rested the people were blessed. I can 
assure you it i.s very encouraging to us to .see that our labors 
are recognized and .sustained by "Our Father." T would not 
exchange this assurance for the position and salary of the 
greatest man on earth, for I am sure his position could not 
give him any more satisfaction." 



ncstiott!^ and l,nsivcr;i 

u f'* IT 



03sr Tum 
book: oip nvL o s. isd: o 2iT - 



LESSON CXXII 

Q.— What did the brother of .Tared ask tlie Lord to do' 

A.. — To touch these stones that thej' might shine in darkness. 

Q. — Was his desire granted? 

A. — Yes; he saw the finger of the Lord touch (he stones one bj' 
one. 

Q. — How was he affected on beholding this? 

A. — He fell to the earth, heing struck with fear. 

Q.— What did the Lord then do'' 

A. — He made himself known to the brother of Jared, and 
appeared to him in the spirit. 

Q. — What was the brother of .Tared commanded to do? 

A — To write an account of the things he saw and heard, seal it 
up, and with it seal up two stones which the Lord gave him. 

Q —When were these things to be made known? 

A. — When the people became sanccitied and could e.xercise 
such failh as the brother of .Tared did. 

Q. — Was no one to be permitted to see the record until that time? 

A. — Moroni says that God would l>y His power alluw them to 
be shown to three persons. 

Q. — How did the brother of Jared arange these stones, which 
the Lord hud touched, in his boats? 

A.— He put on ^ in each end of every boat. 

Q. — What did the people then do' 

A.— They collected food for themselves and their animals and 
then embarked. 

Q, — How was tVe power of God manifested in their behalf? 

A — A strong wind orose which drove thr barges toward the 
promised land 

Olsr THIE] BIBLE. 



Q — What occurred after Saul had finished speaking unto 
David' 

A. — "David went on his way, and Saul returned to his 
place." 

Q.— What then did David sav in his heart? 

A.— That one day he should perish at the hand of Saul. 

Q.— What did David say it was better for him to do? 

A.— To escape into the land of the Philistines. 

Q. — Where then did he got 

A.— To Achish, at Gath. 

Q. — How many men went with him' 

A. — .Six hundred, with their households. 

Q. — Who else went with David? 

A. — His two wives. 

Q.— What did S.iul do, when he wa-i told that David had fled 
to Gath? 

A. — "Ele sjught no more again for him." 

Q. — What did David ask of Achish? 

A. — That he would give him some place in the country to 
dwell in. 

Q, —What was the name of the place that Achish gave to 
David? 

A. — Ziiilug. 

Q. — What is said concerning it? 

A.— "Wliereforo Ziklag pertaineth unto the kings of Judah 
unto this da.y." 

Q.— How long did David dwell in the country of the I'hilis- 
tinos? 

A. — A year and four months. 

Q.— How did David treat the inhabitants of the land which ho 
inva<lod? 

A — He left neither man nor woman alive. 




7 



48 



J-U^EH^IILE IISrSTI^TJOTOI?.. 




^ATE :vnE.H]T J^G-J^ij^r. 



Words by Geo. Manwarixg. 
Moderalo: , 



Music by E. Beesley. 







this the Lord's own 



^=E 



Sab-bath soho >1 On 



=^7 



day, 



d- 



Where 






■::m,. 



joy and glad-ness 



;1z3:lz=:ci: 



U— » — I W — W — -1 1 




-t^^ 




love doth bear its 









Him who reigas a 



bove, 



-14— =1- 



And thank-iul hearts and 



songs of praise, j.o 
- r I 



==1— =!■ 



*=■]: 



I I I 

We meet again, yes, gladly meet, 

To learn the will of God, 
For wisdom seeking, that our feet 

May walk the narrow road; 
Father, let thy spirit dwell 

In every willing heart, 
That we may love and serve thee well, 

And ne'er from thee depflrt. , 



-w ' — w — w ' 1— 




O happy day on which we meet 

With friends and teachers dear, 
And in this ever sweet retreat 

Their blessed teachings hear; 
With precious truths our minds are stored, 

The gospel plan made plain. 
Each Sabbath day with one accord 

Oh, let us meet again. 



FOR LITILE LEARNERS. 



O m^ I^-i^ 3D E 



BY A. G. M CLEVE. 



THE HISTORY OF JOSBPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. — LESSON XLVIII. 




Q — When did the Twelve Apostles start from Kirtland on 
their mission to the Eastean states? 

A.— On the 4th of May, 1S:1'). 

Q. — Where was Josejjh and his counselors on the 2Ist of 
January. lS3fi? 

A. — In (me of the rooms in the Kirtland Temple. 

Q. — What ordinances did they attend to there'? 

A. — Washing and anointing. 

Q.— Who ministered to them there? 

A. — Holy angels. 

(^. — What did .loseph Smith the Prophet see? 

A.— 'He saw the celestial kingdom of God. 

(i.— What did he see in that kingdom? 

A.— He saw little children there. 

Q.— When was the Temple dedicated? 

A.— <ln Sunday. JIarch 'J7, l&ifl. 

Q.— Who dedicated the Temple by prayer? 

A.— .loseph Smith, the Prophet. 

Q. — When .loseph was in the Temple the following Sunday, 
what did he see'.' 

A.— He saw the Lord .Tesus Christ. 

O. — What did the Lord say to him? 

A. — He said, "I am the First and the Last; I am He that was 
slain." 

y.— What other personage did he see? 

A. — He saw Moses. 

Q. — What did Moses commit to him? 

A. — The kevs of the gathering of Israel. 



My 
My 
My 
My 
]My 
My 
My 
My 
My 
My 
My 
My 
My 
My 
My 



first is in street, but not in lane; 

second in health but not in pain; 

third is in give, but not in take, 

fourth is in sleep, also in wake; 

filth is in wjman, but not in man; 

sixth is in "Rob," but not in "Dan;" 

seventh in grove but not plain; 

eighth in in seed, but not in grain; 

ninth is in fruit, but not in wine; 

tenth is in meet, but not in join; 

eleventh in me, but not in you; 

twelfth is in paint, but not in blue; 

thirteenth in lime, but not in rock; 

fourteenthjn time, but not in talk. 

whole is the name of a beautiful building in Utah. 



Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST & FIFTEENTH OP EVERT MONTH. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON. 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum — — $2,00. 

On Copies sent by mail outside of Salt Lake County Ten 
Cents per year additional will be charged for Postage. 

^^"OiBce, South Temple Street, one block west of Tabernacle, 
Salt Lake City, Utah. 




