
Hulhuss i& t\t $0rb! 





VOL. 8. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, APRIL 12, 1873. 



NO. 8. 



IM O TT 2T 'X 1 SINAI 



TO those who read and believe the New Testament a far 
more than ordinary interest attaches to all the localities 
mentioned therein as having been visited by Jesus and His 
apostles, or where any miraculous manifestations of their 
power took place. Jerusalem is now an insignificant city, 
while Bethany, Capernaum, Galilee and other places mentioned 
in the New Testament are little more than miserable, ruined 



which they sojourned — is also entertained for those who stand 
out in bold relief as leaders in Jewish history, and the places 
mentioned as having been the scenes of their labors. 

Here we have an engraving of Mount Sinai, one of the most 
noted localities mentioned in connection with the history of the 
Jewish race. You have all read in the Scriptures about this 
mountain. It is one of the most interesting in the world, and 




villages; but the believer in the Christian religion has a 
reverence and veneration for them which they never could have 
possessed but for the remarkable events witli which their names 
are associated. 

The veneration felt for those who took a prominent part in 
introducing and establishing the Christian religion — Jesus and 
His disciples — and the places which they frequented or in 



will continue to be as long as believers in the history of the 
Jewish nation, as recorded in the Bible, are to be found on the 
face of the earth. The interest felt for Sinai is not because of 
its great hight, or because of the grandeur and boldness of its 
outlines. No ( it possesses nothing in these respects at ail 
remarkable, and sinks into complete insignificance when com- 
pared with many other of the famous mountains of Europ 



~P 





53 



J" TT ^T IE 2sT I L IE IITSTRTJCTOE/ 





Asia and America; and is a mere infant of a mountain by the 
side of some in our Utah ranges, for the hight of Sinai is only 
about seven thousand feet. But while in its physical or geo- 
graphical conformation Sinai does not possess many of those 
characteristics which strike the human mind with awe and 
wonder, it is nevertheless far more famous than the most 
admired of all the lofty mountain peaks kuown, and when 
their very names shall have been forgotten, and Siu'ai's hights, 
in common with those of all others, shall have been brought 
low, iu fulfillment of ancient prophecy, the name of this moun- 
tain, in the desert of Arabia Petrea, and the associations 
connected with it will still live and be preserved green iu the 
hearts and memories of men. 

The reasons for this it is hardly necessary to tell you, for you 
all know them, although you may not now think of them. But 
just to refresh your memories a little, we will request you to 
let your minds go back to a period when the world we live in 
was between four and five thousand years younger than it is to- 
day, and fancy yourselves in the wilderness of Arabia, not far 
from the Red Sea. 

The tribes of Israel have but recently been liberated from 
Egypt and the Egyptians by the most astouudiug series of 
miracles that were ever performed iu the world, and there they 
are congregated, iu the wilderness, a stubborn, hardhearted, 
stiffnecked generation, under the leadership of that favorite 
and aged servant of God — Moses. 

They have been iu the wilderness about three mouths and 
have now reached the Peninsula of Sinai. The Lord is with 
the camp, acting as Guide and Protector of His people. In 
the 1 9th chapter of Exodus we are told that the Lord called 
Moses up into the mount and gave him revelation requir- 
ing the hosts of Israel to prepare themselves by three day's 
sanotification to meet with and receive communication from 
Him. At the eud of the three days the people assembled 
together in obedience to the command of Moses, at the "nether" 
part of the mount to " meet with God." Only think of that! 
Tlic> thousands of Israel, who but a short time beiore had been 
bound in bands of serfdom and slavery to their Egyptian 
in inters, now to be favored with an interview with the Lord of 
all the earth, and to receive revelations from Him to guide 
then,! No wonder thai Sinai is regarded with interest by all 
who believe the Bible! 

\\ e are told that on that occasion on Sinai's summit there 
were thunders ami lightnings and a thick cloud, and the whole 
of the mountain quaked greatly, and was in a smoke, which 
:i-i ended like the .smoke of a furnace. On that occasion God's 
law, or that portion of it called the Ten Commandments, was 
given to Israel, and remained a law unto them, and to their 
nation as long as it existed; and has also been the basis of all 
codes of laws that hav • been formed for the moral government 
of all the ( Ihristian nations that have ever existed. 

Who can wonder, then, tint those who believe iu the system 
of religion sel forth in the Bible should have peculiar feelings 
in regard to Mounl Sinai? From its summit the Great 1 Am 

el known to His creatures principles which lie required 
them to observe through all their generations, to the end of 
time. Mount Sinai was no: only th" birthplace of law intended 
fir the moral gov< rnuienl of the world, but it was sanctified by 

the ;• r- mat present f I * ■ i t v, and on its .summit was convened 

th- most august Legislative Assembly that ever graced the 
• i r ' : i -God, and in all likelihood attendant angels and His ser- 
vant M Surely these tacts are .sufficient to explain the 

undying interest which, perhaps, more than to any other spot 
in the world, atta h - to Mount Sinai I 

'fin' portion of Sinai upon which, the learned believe, the 
thunders and the cloud rested, is 'tilled by the Arabs del, el 

Mi-i, meaning "Mount of Moses." it is about two miles 

long from north to south, and mil • broad. ( )u the southern 

peak stands a little chapel, and the ruins of a mosqu 



Mahomedan place of worship. The plain on which the 
Camp of Israel rested is upwards of two miles long and half a 
mile broad, and is the only place in the vicinity of Mount Siuai 
where the thousands led by Moses could have camped with any 
degree of comfort aud conveuieuce. 



(.For theJuvenUe iru<.i « :oi . 



jUjmMt^i ol €amttiott i^kfl^ 



HEAT-NO. .2 



IT is generally thought that heat is not a substance but a state 
or quality of matter that is developed by motion; the same 
is thought of light, which is no longer looked upon, as taught 
by early writers, as luminous particles of matter emitted from 
bodies. There is no physical agent whose iutimate nature is 
more hidden, aud whose laws are more difficult to determine 
than heat in all its protean changes, nor is there any other so 
indispensable to our existence and that of all the creations. 

Whether heat is corpuscular or not is of little importance in 
the examination of natural phenomena; we know it is the rays 
of the sun that warm us, not particles of the substance of that 
body throwu off from its surface; the agreeable warmth radi- 
ated from our stoves, the rays of liivht and heat that dart in 
every direction from our fires to cheer the eye aud warm our 
bodies are none the less real whether they are produced by 
vibrations of ethereal particles that exist around us or projected 
from these heated bodies. So that, whether heat is material 
or immaterial, we may judge of its properties as profoundly as 
we could do, probably, if the question were answered as to what 
it really is. 

Heat may be produced in various ways; that produced by 
the combustion of bodies is the result of chemical decomposi- 
tion. Carbonaceous substances uniting with the oxygen of the 
atmosphere are the familiar agents by which we obtain our 
artificial light and heat, we do not suppose that the constituents 
of our fires enter into our bodies, any more than those of the 
sun do, to produce the sensation of warmth. But that there is 
an agent by which that to which we give the name of heat is 
transferred from one body to another. 

Friction and percussion may also develop heat, the admixture 
of fluids by contraction of volume; arrested motion, as when a 
shot strikes against an object, is an instance of producing heat 
by percussion; the rubbing of a button, or substances against 
each other arc evidences of the production of heat by friction- 
savages are said to obtain fire by rubbing pieces of dry wood 
together. The water that runs along our creeks is warmed 
Blightly by attrition against the pebbles at the bottom- cold 
sulphuric aeid and water may be cautiously mixed together 
aiel heai evolved. In many respects heat resembles light; it 
can be radiated from and absorbed by bodies. The color of 
bodies causes a differeuce in the capacity to reflect and absorb 
heat. A rough Uu polished surface radiates better than a smooth 
bright one. 'I In; rays of beat may also be collected in much 
tin- same way that light can by a concave mirror aud the rays 
caused to converge to a focus. 

Hodies differ in their capacity to receive and transmit heat. 
Ifat may be conducted from particle to particle through bodies 
with more or less rapidity. These differences it will be well to 
notice. Metals are tin- best to transmit heat through, for which 
reason they an- "ailed ''good conductors" of heat. Wood is an 
imperfect conductor, charcoal is a bad conductor of heat. Heat 
may also be conveyed through bodies by circulation through 
tie- puts, as in warming water on the fire the lowest particles 
of th- water are warmed first, they rise to the surface and 





J U "V IE IsT 1 1-. B I1TSTBUCTOE,, 



59 




others descend, alternately, until the boiling point is reached, 
when the redundant heat passes off in vapor. This mode of 
transference of heat is called " convection;" when heat is trans- 
mitted from luminous or non-lumiuous bodies, as from the sun, 
as flame, or heated body, it is by "radiation." 

The cause of expansion in bodies by heat is thought to be 
produced by a force that is opposed to cohesion, that force by 
which matter is held together. It is certain that a dilatation 
takes place by heat being added to bodies; an iron rod is longer 
and thicker when heated. Engineers make allowauce for the 
expausion and contraction of metals by heat and cold; when 
they do not do so accidents may oscur, as in the steeple of a 
church in London that was nearly thrown down by the alternate 
contraction and expausion of some rods of iron which were 
built into it to give it stability. The rods, in hot whether, 
lengthened and lifted die mass of masonry, they returned in 
cold weather to their former dimensions, leaving the stones 
supported only by the dust and dirt that had blown in the 
cracks thus produced. Beth. 



ANECDOTES OUT AATIILjID 
.A. 1ST X IMI .A. ILj S , ZETO. 




WHERE can you find a boy who likes to read, who does not 
eagerly peruse accounts of travels, interspersed with 
anecdotes of daring and dauger among wild animals or 
wild men? We never knew one yet, and believing that an 
occasional chapter of this kind will be acceptable to the 
readers of the Juvenile Instructor, we propose to introduce 
one, now and again, when we have space, and favorable occa- 
sions. They will be compiled from the writings of various 
authors, and will be designed especially for the amusement of 
our readers of the masculine gender. Not but what the girls 
may read them if they feel disposed, but they are not likely to 
be quite so well suited to the feminine taste. 

The lion is called the king of the beasts, so we shall com- 
mence with him, and shall tell you a few things that have been 
said about him by celebrated modern travelers, huuters, etc. 
Foremost among these are Dr. Livingstone, and Gordon R. 
Gumming, both natives of Scotland. The first named was 
formerly a missionary, but for a number of years past has spent 
his time travelling in and exploring the interior of Africa, and 
no one man living, perhaps, has seen so much of that continent 
and its people as he has. Mr. Gumming lived a number of 
years in Africa, aud being a bold and daring man, and a hunter 
by nature, he spent most of his time in hunting and killing 
lions. Dr. Livingstone had also many opportunities of seeing 
this terrible animal in his native wilds aud jungles. 

Before giving you any of the anecdotes which they relate, we 
shall first place before you a portion of what each has to say 
about the appearance and character of this animal. On this 
subject Dr. Livingstone says: 

" The African lion is somewhat larger than the biggest dog, 
and the face partakes very strongly of the canine characteristics. 
If you meet hiui in the daytime, he gazes for a second or two, 
theu turns slowl}' round, walks away in a leisurely manner for 
a dozen paces or so, quickens his step to a trot till ho thinks he 
is out of sight, and then eallops off like a greyhound. 

"Nothing that I ever learned of the lion would lead me to 
attribute to it either the ferocious or noble character ascribed to 
it elsewhere. He chiefly preys upon defenceless creatures; and 
frequently, when a buffalo calf is caught by him, the cow rushes 
to the rescue, aud a toss from her oftens kills him. 

"His roar may inspire fear when heard in a deep dark night 
amidst the tremendous peals of an African thunderstorm, and 
the vivid flashes of lightning, which leave ou the eye an 
impression of sudden blindness; but when you are safe within 
a house or wagon, it creates no feeling of awe. 



"The African lion is of a tawny color, like that of some 
mastiffs. The large flowing mane of the male gives him an 
appearance of great power. In some specimens the ends of 
the hair are black, and these are called the black-maned lions, 
though in general appearance they look of the usual tawny color." 

The impressions made upon the mind of Mr. Gumming 
must have been very different from those made upon the Dr., 
for he says : 

" There is something so noble and imposing in the presence 
of the lion, when seen walking with dignified self-possession, 
free and undaunted, on his native soil, that no description cau 
convey an adequate idea of his striking appearance. The lion 
is exquisitely formed by nature for the predatory habits which 
he is destined to pursue. Gombining in comparatively small 
compass the qualities of power aud agility, he is enabled, by 
means of the tremendous machinery with which Nature has 
gifted him, easily to overcome and destroy almost every beast 
of the forest, however his superior in weight and stature. 

"The male lion is handsomely adorned with a long, thick, 
shaggy mane, which, in some instances, like Berenice's hair, 
almost sweeps the ground. Its color varies with different 
animals; in some it is very dark, and in others, of a bright 
golden yellow. The color of the lion's mane is, in fact, 
dependent upon his age. He is three years old when it first 
develops itself; it is darkest when the king of animals has 
attained the prime of life; and when he has numbered many 
years, though still iu the enjoyment of his physical strength, 
it assumes a yellowish-grey color; or, rather, that peculiar hue 
which we call 'pepper and salt.' 

Of the lion's roar Mr. Gumming says, "it is extremely grand 
and peculiarly striking. On most occasions it consists of a low 
deep moaning, repeated five or six times in rapid succession, 
each increasing in loudness up to the third or fourth, aud there- 
after dying away in low muffled sounds, very much resembling 
distaut thunder. At times, and not uufrcquently, a troop may 
be heard roaring in concert — one assuming the lead, and the 
others regularly taking up their parts like persons singing a 
glee. They roar loudest in cold and frosty nights; but on no 
occasion are their voices to be heard in such perfection, or with 
such a display of intense power, as when two or three strange 
troops of lions approach a fountain to drink at the same time. 
When this occurs, every member of each troop rings out a bold 
war-note of defiance at the adverse parties. The signal given, 
all roar together, and each seems to vie with his companions iu 
the depth and loudness of his voice. 

"During the day he conceals himself beneath the shade 
of some low bushy tree or wide-spreading bush, either iu the 
recesses of the level forest or on the mountain side. He is also 
partial to the shelter of lofty reeds, or fields of long, rank, 
yellow grass, such as occur in low-lying valleys. From these 
haunts he sallies forth, wheu the sun goes down, to commence 
his nightly prowl. Wheu successful iu the chase, and his prey 
secured, he retires to his lair; and so great is his satisfaction, 
that for that night he ceases to roar, unless aroused by an 
intruder, and only utters occasionally a few low moans, 

"They are the most active, daring and presumptuous on 
dark and stormy nights; consequently, on such occasions, the 
traveler should be doubly on his guard. Owing to the tawny 
hue of the lion's coat, he is completely invisible in the dark. 
Mr. Gumming says that he often heard them loudly lapping 
the water 'under his very nose,' and net twenty yards from 
him, yet could he not possibly discern so much as the outliue of 
their forms. Wheu a thirsty lion comes to the water, he 
stretches out his limbs, lies down on his breast to drink, and 
makes a loud lapping noise which no practiced ear can mistake. 
He continues this process for a considerable period, pausing 
four or five times just to take breath. One thing conspicuous 
about him is his eyes, which, on a dark night, glow like balls 
of fire." (Zo be continued.) 





GEORGE 0- CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, APRIL 12, 1873. 
EDITORIAL THZOTTO-HZTS. 




J XT "V" IE 1ST I L E3 INSTBUCTOB. 



auy ruau or woman iu the world. They should never take the 
name of God iu vain, and if while at play they heard others do 
this, or use had words, they should reprove them mildly. 
This course would give influence to all who pursued it. 

Reading improper books — novels, tales, etc., was condemned, 
and ;dl present and all the children ol the Territory, were 
advised to read the Juvenile Instructor, and their parents 
were urged to procure it for them. The Deseret News and 
II Oman's E.iyonent should be in the houses of all the Saints. 
The Bible, Rook of Mormon and Doctrine aud Covenants 
should also be studied. The papers abQve mentioned should 
be sustained rather than any others, for besides containing a 
large amount of useful reading and information, they sustained 
the principles of the Kingdom of God, and hence were the 
most worthy of and had the first claims on our support. Edu- 
cation was the best gift that could be given to children. If 
they had property given to them they might sell that; if they 
owned a house it might be burned; if they had cattle they 
might be stolen, and in various ways the owner of property 
might be deprived of it; but the possessor of a good edueatiou, 
if he had a disposition to use it aright, could never be deprived 
of the benefits it conferred. On this account the speaker urged 
the young to improve every opportunity to acquire kuowledge. 

The teachers in day and Sunday schools were encouraged to 
persevere in their labors. The missionary abroad preaching 
the gospel was engaged iu an important work, but the labors of 
the school teacher were quite as much so, for he was properly 
training and developing the minds of the young, and they were 
the hope of Zion. 

Pareuts were w.irned as to the duties aud responsibilities 
resting upon them to set good examples before their children. 
Iu conclusion he prayed that God might bless parents and 
teachers, that His power might rest upon them and that through 
their instructions aud examples the rising generation of Israel 
might be prepared and qualified to bear off Ziun iu triumph, 

The children sang: 

" Work for the night is coming." 

Elder Brigham Young, jr., theu addressed them. The sight 
he then beheld would be long remembered by him. Twenty- 
three years before, he and three or four companions were 
herding cows on the ground on which the Tabernacle stood. 
The people then were few iu number, but he realized, as 
Brother Woodruff had said, that "The little one had become a 
thousand." He rejoiced, and praised God that He had given His 
people children, and fur all the manifestations of His goodness. 
He did not expect to live to see such a sight as he witnessed that 
morning — the gathering together of thousands of the children 
of the Latter-day Saints, uniting in songs of praise to Almighty 
God. Hi; had been driven with the people of God time after 
time, and lie h:id not faith enough to hope that they would find 
a place where they could gather together and flourish as they 
had done here in tin 1 valleys of the mountains. The responsi- 
bilities resting upon the teachers of children were not in the leist 
inferior to those of the Elders abroad preaching the gospel, and 
scarcely leSB than tho.se of parents, for upon the teachings 
imparted unto them and the examples set before them depend- 
ed their future progress iu the Kingdom of God. He prayed 
that through the united labors ol' parents and teachers the 
children of Zion might grow up in the nurture and admonition 
of the Lord, and with nit sin unto salvation. 





^•^X HE Concert given by the children of the 
Sunday schools of this city took place iu 
the Old Tabernacle, on the moruing of 
Sunday, March 30th, aud it was a time 
V* ''S^ty -) t tnat w ''' uot k"' SlJOU forgotten by those 
1 da^rf^K^VS who took part iu it or heard it. We only 
wish that all our readers, and the children 
and teachers of every Sunday school in the 
Territory had beeu present. Such a gather- 
as that was, is very seldom seen anywhere, 
and it was one of the most pleasing We ever 
witnessed. 

Prom about 9 o'clock in the morning children 
from every Ward iu the city were to be seeu, 
with joyous fees, aud neat and clean, wending 
their way towards the Temple Block, aud by about a 
quarter pu.st lu there were present perhaps not less 
than three thousand of theiu, with their teachers, and 
a few of their parents and friends. On the stand wjre 
Presidents Young and Wells, aud Elders Wilford Woodruff, 
John Taylor, George Q. Cannon, B. Young, jr., aud Joseph 
P. Smith of the Quorum of the Twelve, also most of the city 
Bishops and a number of Elders. 

The little oues were as busy as busy could be conversing with 
each Other until they were called to order by El ler George 
Qoddard, Superintendent of the 13th Ward Sunday School, 
when quiet instantly prevailed. Elder Goddard announced 
that alter each song remarks would be made by some one of 
the Elders. 

The vocal portion of the services commenced by singing 
'■ Welcome to our concert." 

I 'raver was then offered by Elder G. Q. Cannon, after which 
a short address was delivered by Elder Woodruff. He Said 
children Were the heritage of the Lord, and he was glad to see 

that that heritage had iucreised in Zion until the "little one'' 

li i I '■ boo en a thousand," and more, and would soon "become 

• itrong nation." It would be but a few years before the 

children born in Zion Would have to bear the burden of the 

I God on the earth, aud some of them Would be 

apostles and prophets, 11 fell an anxiety that they should 

pn pare theuisi lv< s for tie- work which was before them. He 

i like all the children of Zion to learn to pray and to form 

with the Lord while they were young. If 

there was a chill present whose parents did not pray with 

li i in, be wis!: d that ehild would ask them to do so henceforth, 

morning and evening. The young were i inocenl before the 

I, i I. and not f Zion • so - and daughters should neglect to 

seek II. m in their youth. The day would come when they 
would need His power to rest upon them to qualify them to 

b ar oil' Zi hi iu its adv in© 1 -' ite. 'lie- use of tobacco in any 

tor n, aiel tea and coffee were pernicious practices and injured 
tie- systems of those who indulged therein. If 1 hoped the 
children would not use any of them, but would grow up pure 
tie- Lord. II • also advised them to tell the truth under 
all circumstances. If they would observe this they would gain 
the confidence of all who knew them, and that was a benefit to 



A Horse's Petition. — Goiug up the hill, whip me not; 

dug down hill, hurry me not; on level road, spare me not; 

of bay and corn, rob mo not; of clean water, stint me not; with 
sponge and brush, neglect me not; of soft dry bed, deprive ine 
not; tired and hot, wash uie not; if sick or cold, chill me not; 
with hit and reins, oh, jerk me not; and when you are angry, 
strike me not. 





J TJ -V" IE 1ST I L IE IITSTBTJOTOE/, 



6i "\y 



OHICKE1T STEALING 



HERE we have a good picture, but it is not a pleasing one. 
If unpleasant subjects should be accompanied by dark and 
gloomy pictures, then this one is just the thing, for the subject 
illustrated here is decidedly disagreeable. Stealing is not 
pleasant to anybody to thiuk about, and we should think not to 
take part in. "Thou shalt not steal" is one of the ten com- 
mandments; and besides being wrong, it is always dangerous. 





Some of the chicken stealers in the picture seem to feci so, for 
just look at the two in the middle of the cut, how frightened 
they look. You can tell very easily that they have been doing 
something wrong. It would be in vain to expect such an 
expression as that on the face of innocence; but guilt is always 
uneasy, almost fearing its own shadow. That is the w;iy with 
these two boys. They have got very close together, as if they 



hoped by that means to hide themselves, or to conceal their 
crime. The other boy — the one with a gun in one of his hands 
and a chicken in the other— is no doubt the leader of the 
expedition. His face shows no fear. He is an old baud at the 
business. There is no telling how many chicken coops he has 
robbed before. But it is different with the others. They are 
new to the business and are afraid, and you may almost fancy 

you can hear their com- 
panion jeering them 
for their fear and cow- 
ardice. It is a very 
good picture, but not 
a pretty one. You 
could not make a 
truthful picture of 
such an incident as 
this a pretty one. 
Chicken stealing, or 
any other theft or rob- 
bury has nothing pret- 
ty about it. Good 
looking, nice boys 
would not engage in 
such business. You 
never saw a criminal 
good looking. The 
face is a great tell tale. 
If you do a wrong 
thing, if it is ever so 
small, if you know it 
is wrong, there is a 
monitor within that 
accuses you, and the 
ehidings of that moni- 
tor impress themselves 
on the countenance. 
They are seen in the 
restless- ness of the eye 
and in the general 
shamefacedness of the 
wrongdoer. 

This monitor is the 
Spirit of God, which, 
we are told in the 
Scriptures, lighteth 
every man that is born 
into the world. The 
word "man" here 
means every human 
being, whether man or 
wi.man boy or girl. 
There is not one born 
without the light of 
this good Spirit. Hap- 
py would it be for all 
if they would always 
heed its whisperings. 
The good book says 
the Spirit of God will 
not always strive with 
man; and we may say to you that it will not always strive 
with boys and girls. If men and women, or boys or girls will 
do wrong time after time the chidings of this Spirit will grad- 
ually become weaker and weaker, and finally they will cease 
altogether. Then there is no check rein, but wrongdoers are 
left to themselves, and soon their perceptions of right and 
wrong become very weak, and they grow hard and bold in sin 




Pa 



62 



JUVENILE IITST5/TJOTOR. 




and wickedness. But no one can take a course of this kind 
■without the traces or impress of their evil deeds being left on 
their faces, and they cau be read there by all who understand. 

If you were to meet three such boys as the chicken stealers 
iu the picture, if you did not know anything about them, aud 
had never seen them before, you would never think they were 
good boys. Why V Because there is something in their faces 
that would tell you to the contrary. They are wicked, hard 
looking boys, their faces bear the impress of past misdeeds. 
Such boys would be hard to reform. They are only fit to be 
sent to a reformatory, that is, a kind of prison school to which 
>uch boys are sometimes lucky enough to be sent. Once in 
such a place, they are kept there for a number of years. 
They have a chance to learn to read aid write, aud can also 
acquire some useful trade; and being thus weaned from old and 
bad associations and prepared for usefulness they can become 
tolerably good members of society if they are disposed to. 
That is about the only hope for such boys as these chicken 
stealers, and the class of boys to which ihey belong. They are 
rough aud ragged; ih 'ir looks condemn them. Nobody would 
want to hire such boys even if they took a notion to go to work. 
But they seldom take such a notion. Boys that will wjrk and 
are dispis^d to be honest, rarely or never have to be sent to 
reformatories. They can nearly always make their way in life 
by honorable means. They are never found among chicken 
stealers or any other class of thieves. 

Oue false step almost always leads to another. Once in 
Satan's net, and it is very hard indeed to escape from its 
meshes, and by and by, our chicken stealers, unless they are 
fortunate enough to be seut to a school, such as we have men- 
tioned above, will progress in their profession. They will not 
be content with robbiug a hen house, but they will break iuto 
somebody's dwelling house, and so their career of crime con- 
tinues until the3', perhaps, commit a murder, aud die on the 
scaffold. Hundreds who have died this shameful death began 
their career of sin by crimes no more serious than chicken 
stealing. 

We are very happy in believing that the class of boys 
represented in the engraving are entirely unknown in Utah. 
Many of these boys are to be pitied more than blamed. There 
are scores of them in old settled countries. They arc thrown 
on the streets to look after themselves almost as soon as they 
can walk, aud without instruction or the care of kind and loving 
parents, they souu learn to lie, swear and steal. Happily the 
children of the Latter-day Saints in Utah Territory are placed 
in very different circumstances. They have kind parents, their 
wants are provided for, they receive good instructions, have 
good examples set before them, and they are taught to heed the 
warnings of that monitor of which we spoke some time sincJ; 
hence there is hardly a chance for them to wander off into those 
paths of sin and misery into which our chicken stealers have 
unfortunately strayed. 

Children, if you only knew, you are blessed indeed, above 
all others under heaven, and you ought to become a chosen 
generation, and mighty in the hands of God in spreading the 
words and principles of eternal life in the world. Value your 
privileges, lor they are high ami numerous, aud preserve your- 
selves in honor and purity; and if you should ever come iu 
contact with boj'a of the class our picture represents, let your 
conduct towards them be characterized by kinduess and mercy 
rather thau harshness and cruelly, lor uncultured human nature 
is everywhere and under all circumstances the same, and if 
they had but had your privileges they might have been as good 
and as honorable as you are. 




PEOPLE who are always Gshing for compliments do not 
need very long lines. They can get their best bites in shallow 
water. 



QTJESTIONS .A-ZtNTID .A. IsP 
SAATIEIELS OHST THE BOOK 

of nynozE^nviioiisr. 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY SCITOOLS. 
(Continued.) 



LESSON xix. 

Q. — Bj' what means only were the Nephites kept from destruction? 

A — By plain and harsh speaking, by prophesying of wars and con- 
tentions, by reminding them of death, the duration of eternity and 
the judgments and power of God. 

Q. — Were there prophet^ among them ? 

A. — Enos says there were exceeding many. 

Q. — Were there wars iu those days? 

A.- He says he saw wars between the Nephites aud Lamanites. 

Q. — Enos says he began to be old; how long had it then been from 
the time that Lehi left Jerusalem V 

A. — One hundred and seventy-nine years ? 

Q. — By whom were the records kept after Enos passed away? 

A. — By his son Jarom. 

Q. — What was the character of the laws of the land in his day ? 

A. — They were exceedingly strict. 

Q. — Did the people observe them ? 

A. — Jarom says they kept the Sabbath day holy, they were not pro- 
fane, neither did they blaspheme. 

Q. — At this time which of the two nations was the most numerous, 
the Nephites or the Lamanites ? 

A. — The Lamanites. 

Q. — In their wars which was superior ? 

A — The Nephites. 

Q. — For what reasons ? 

A. — The Nephites fortified their cities, they also had better weapons 
of war. 

Q. — Were these the only causes of their success ? 

A. — No; their kings and leaders were mighty iu faith in the Lord, 
and they taught the people His ways. 

Q. — What was the true cause of the Nephites' prosperity ? 

A.— The keeping of the commandments of the Lord. 

LESSON xx. 

Q. — What does Jarom say about the condition of the Nephites in 
his day? 

A. — That they were rich in gold, in silver and in precious things. 

Q. — Were they skilled in manufactures ? 

A. — They did line work in wood, in iron, copper, brass and steel, 
made all kiuds of tools and had line buildings and machinery. 

Q. — Were there prophets of the Lord iu the days of Jarom ? 

A. — Yes. 

Q. — What were their warnings to the people ? 

A. — That if they did not keep the commandments of the Lord, but 
should fall iuto transgression, they should be entirely destroyed. 

Q. — At what time did Jarom finish his writing upon the plates? 

A. — Two hundred and thirty-eight years after Lehi left Jerusalem. 

t). — To whom did he deliver the plates 1 

A. — To his son Omni. 

Q . — What was his character ? 

A. — He was a warrior, who fought much with the sword to preserve 
his people. 

Q, — What does he say of himself? 

A. — That he had not kept the statutes and commandments of the 
Lord as he ought to have done. 

Q. — To whom did he give the plates ? 

A. — To his son Amarou. 

Q.— At what time? 

A. — Two hundred and eighty-two years after Lehi left Jerusalem. 

Q. — What docs Amaron say concerning the Nephites in his day ? 

A. — That the more wicked part of them had been destroyed. 

Q.— What is the reason that he gives for this ? 

A. — Because the Lord had said from the beginning that if they 
would not keep His commandments, they should not prosper In the 
land. 

Q — Who does he sa}' were spared ? 

A. — The righteous. 

(To be continued.) 





CT TJ^T IE ZLST I LIE instbtjotor, 



63 




QUESTIONS -A.3STID -A.3ST- 

swieirs oisr t-hue 

BIBLE. 



CATECHISM 



FOR SUNDAY 
( Continued. ) 



SCHOOLS. 



LESSON XIX. 

Subject — Jacob Obtaineth Esau's Blessing. 

Q- — What did Esau do when he heard that his brother Jacob had 
been before him ? 

A. — He cried bitterly and said " Bless me, even me also, my father. 

Q. — What blessing did Isaac pronounce upon him ? 

A. — That he should live by his sword and serve bis brother, but 
when he had the dominion he should break the yoke from off his neck. 

Q. — How did Esau feel towards Jacob? 

A. — He hated him. 

Q. — What did Esau resolve to do ? 

A. — To slay his brother Jacob, as soon as Isaac died. 

Q. — What did Rebekah do when she heard that Esau intended to 
kill Jacob? 

A. — She told him to flee to her brother Laban at Haran. 

Q. — For how long? 

A. — A few days, u^til his brother's fury turned away. 

Q. — What did Rebekah promise when this should occur ? 

A. — That siie would semi and fetch him again. 

Q. — What did Rebekah say to Isaac ? 

A. — That she did not want Jacob to take a wife of the daughters of 
Heth. 

Q. — What did Isaac then do to Jacob ? 

A. — He blessed hiui and told him to go to the house of Bcthuel his 
mother's father. 

Q. — For what purpose was he to go there ? 

A. — To take a wife of the daughters of Laban, his mother's brother. 

Q. — What did Esau do when he found that Jacob obe3 - ed his father 
and his mother ? 

A. — He took the daughter of Ishmael to be his wife. 

Q. — Why did he take Ishmael's daughter ? 

A. — Because he saw the daughters of the G'anaauites pleased not 
Isaac his father. 

LESSON XX. 

Subject— The Vision of Jacob's Ladder, etc. 

Q. — As Jacob was traveling towards Haran, what time in the day 
did he stop at a certain place to tarry all night? 

A. — At sunset. 

Q. — When Jacob lay down to sleep what did he take for pillows ? 

A. — He took some stones. 

Q. — What occurred to Jacob while he slept ? 

A. — He had a dream. 

Q. — What did he behold in his dream ? 

A. — A ladder set upon the earth reaching to heaven, upon which the 
angels of God ascended and descended. 

Q. — Who stood above the ladder ? 

A.— The Lord. 

Q —What did the Lord say ? 

A.— That He was the Lord God of Abraham and Isaac and that the 
land whereon Jacob then lay should be given "him, that his seed should 
be as the dust of the earth, and should spread abroad to the west, and 
to the east, and to the north and to the south, and in him and his 
seed 6tiould all the families of the earth be blessed. 

Q. — What else did the Lord say ? 

A.— "Behold I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places 
whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land, for I will 
not leave thee, until I have done thatwhich I have spoken to thee of." 

Q. — What did Jacob say when he awoke ? 

A.— Surely the Lord is in this place, and I knew it not. How dread- 
ful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is 
the gate of heaven. 

Q.— When Jacob rose early in the morning what did he do with the 
stones that he had put for his pillows? 

A. — He set them up for a pillar and poured oil upon the top of it. 

Q. — What did he call the name of that place ? 

A.— Bethel. 

Q. — What vow did Jacob make ? 

A.— That if the dream was fullillcd, the Lord should be his God 
and he would give a tenth unto Him of all He should give him. 
t'Jo be continued.) 



®f§&; 



n t 



S T O B IT OF 

OHURO HI. 
(Continued.) 



t h: e 



ON the 15th of February Company B. of the battalion was 
ordered to take charge of the Fort at San Diego, which it 
did, separating from the other companies. This company 
remained three months at San Diego, during which time they 
built several houses, dug fifteen or twenty deep wells, made 
picket fences, etc. Some of the men also built and burned a 
large brick kiln, which was said to be the first in California. 
With those bricks a Court House and School House were 
built in San Diego by the men of the company. These 
were the first houses built of burnt brick at that place. 
When they were completed the citizens made a feast and 
great parade was made over them. Besides these works, the 
men did much carpenter work for the people, and the course 
they pursued secured them many friends, and when they moved 
from there, they did so amid general regret. Notwithstanding 
the country was full of cattle, and wheat was abundant iu some 
places, provisions were but scantily furnished to the men and 
considerable dissatisfaction was felt in consequence. On the 
19th of March the battalion, with the exception of an officer 
and thirty-four men, who remained for the defense and protec- 
tion of the post of San Luis Bey, marched to the town of Los 
Angeles. They could not get quarters in the town and they 
encamped outside. On the 6th of April the officer and men 
who had been left at San Luis Bey, joined the main body. 
Among the duties assigned to the battalion while at Los 
Angeles were the guarding of the Cajon Pass of the Sierra 
Nevada mouotaius — forty-five miles east of Los Angeles — to 
prevent the passage of hostile Indians, who frequently made 
raids on the adjacent ranches for the purpose of driving off 
stock; also the erection of a fort on a small eminence 
which commanded the town. General Kearney visited the 
camp and inspected the battalion. He expressed himself as 
being much gratified with the appearance of the men and 
praised their conduct. A feeling of jealousy was entertained 
by many of the men belonging to other commands against the 
battalion, because of the favor and encomiums bestowed upon 
them by the officers. Colonel Fremont's men were credited 
with having very hostile feelings towards the battalion, and 
with having threatened to attack them. Frjmont was rebelli- 
ous and would not submit to Kearney, and the latter depended 
upon the battalion, it was said, to aid him in case of an open 
quarrel with Fremont. Oue night the battalion was aroused 
from slumber and ordered to load and prepare to resist the 
attack of an enemy. The attack was expected from Fremont's 
men; but it proved to be a false alarm. On the 29th of June 
about three hundred men of the battalion were under arms in 
the Public Square at Los Angeles, and Col. Stevenson tried to 
induce them, «r at least one company, to re-enlist. He 
promised them that they should have the election of their 
own Major and other officers, and that they should be dis- 
charged with oue year's pay the ensuing February at any place 
they wished in California. He also said that a detachment 
should be sent to meet their families to carry what meaus they 
wished to send to them. Some of the officers were very much 
in favor of the men re-enlistiug, and recommended this course 
to them; but several of the non-Cv>u)tuissioned officers and men 
were opposed to re-enlistment, and their views prevailed. On 
the 16th of July all of the battalion in Los Angeles were mus- 
tered out of service, the time of their enlistment having 
expired, by Captain Smith, of the 1st Dragoons. They had 
served the full time of their service faithfully, and had experi- 
enced the truth of the predictions made to them by President 
Young when they enlisted. He had promised them that if 
they would be faithful to their God, they would not be required 





64: 



JUYE1TILE IHSTBTJOTOR. 





to fight. The fighting would be before and behind thein; 
but they would not have to take part iu it. These words 
had been literally fulfilled. They had doue their duty as 
required by their commanding officers, had been brought face 
to face almost with the enemy, but had been spared the 
necessity of shedding blood or of running the risk of having 
their own shed. These brethren had been called upon to 
enlist and leave their families and friends iu the wilderness in 
destitute circumstances. They did so cheerfully, believing that 
by so doing they would be the means of averting evil from 
Zion. Tney endured severe hardships and great privations, 
accomplished one of the most formidable marches ever per- 
formed by infantry, and were greatly. blessed of the Lord. 
Their names will be held iu honorable remembrance among the 
Saints, and when the early history of this dispensation shall be 
written for the perusal of future generations, the enlistment, 
march and services of the battalion will call forth their admira- 
tion, their example will be held up for imitation, and their 
posterity will be proud of the distinction of haviug an ancestor 
who was a member of that body. 

The liOth of July the members of the late battalion orgauized, 
preparatory to returning to their homes and families, as a 
traveling camp, and appointed Levi Hancock, David Pettegrew, 
Keddick N. Allred, John Lytle and James Pace, captains of 
fifties and Elisha Averett, captain of ten pioneers. 

We have given you a sketch of the travels of the battalion up 
to the time of its discharge. We shall have more to say con- 
cerning the travels and labors of its members as we procei d 
with this history; but we now return to the Church at Winter 
Quarters. President Young ;Mid the Twelve Apostles, and 
other Elders, were diligent in laboring among the people during 
the winter, and a spirit of reformation prevailed in the camp. 
Meetings were frequently held, and they were well attended. 
The weather was cold; but great exertions had been made by 
the Saints to provide shelter for themselvi s, The widows and 
fatherless were cared for, and pains were taken to supply the 
families of the brethren who had gone in the battalion with 
what they needed. A large p rtion of the people elected log 
houses as resi 1 mi Many availed themselves of the slope of 
the hill, ou the .-id.- of which a part of Winter Quarters was 
laid out, to construct "dug-outs" as dwellings. By "dug-outs" 
we mean cellars, the entrance to which being made on the 
lower side, enabled those who occupied them to go in and out 

without having to use many Steps, and when properly 1 lid in 

were not very uucomfortable dwellings during steady cold 
weather. Provisons could not be obtained iu great variety. 
The principal diet of the people that winter was corn-bread 
and pork. Iu many instances these articles were not very 
plentiful. Corn and pork were bought in Missouri, and fre- 
quent trips were made Irom the camp to that State during the 
winter to obtain tin- ne -ny Ruppli }. There were but few 
grist mills in the part of the State where the grain was bought, 
and there was u'ri-at difficulty, therefore, in getting grinding 
done. At Winter Quarters wheat was frequently boiled whole 

and thus eatco, and many families subsisted for wei ks iorn 

ground in hind mills. The meal of corn thus ground was not 
as smooth and pleasant eating as the meal we now get from our 
grist mill-; but hunger furnished the appetite to make it 
palatable and digestibl •. We presume thai those, al 1 ast who 
did the grinding never failed to enjoy the bread and mush 
cooked from their grists, [nth person who owned'a 

_• 1 hand mill was considered a very fortunate individual. 
We patronized one owned by Brother .John Van Cott, who 
very generously let his neighbors use it freely and without 
taking any t 11. We have m I with Borne people iu our tan Is 
in the world who would not have failed to avail themselves of 
such an opportunity of making profit; for th.ir mode- of reason- 
ing was that an articli or service of any kind was worth all it 
would bring; the greater the demand, the higher the price to be 



1 paid; the scarcity of the article enhancing its value. But in 
those days the spirit of gain was not common amoug the Saints. 
They were fellow-sufferers from mobocracy, and the scenes they 
had shared in common caused them to have a sympathy one for 
another that under more favorable circumstances might have 
remained dormant. Situated as we are at present, men gen- 
erally place a monetary value ou auy service they render. 
Their time, their labor, their food, etc., etc., all has a value. 
Those for whom they spend time, or for whom they labor, or 
whom they furnish with food, are generally in a position to pay for 
what they get with but little, if any, inconvenience. But in the 
days of which we write it was frequently the case that help of 
many kinds was wanted, and those who stood iu need of it were 
unable to pay for it as is customary now. There were but few 
instances where it was needed that it was not generously 
given. The higher qualities of man's nature were brought into 
exercise at those times, and the conduct of many of the Saints 
proved that the lessons taught them by the gospel had not been 
in vain. 

Seeing the great need of a mill, President Young took steps 
to erect one. It was a time of rejoicing at Winter Quarters 
when it was completed and the necessity of using coffee-mills 
and hand mills to grind grain no longer existed. 
{To be continued.) 



S$l*cf$& f^efey. 



thie nvr-TJvnio zf-A-IR/jVeeir,. 



Little trudger, three feet two, 
Always has so iiiueh to do, 
Helping grandpa like a man, 
Doing all the good you can. ' 
Driving oxen, dancing jigs, 
Tending babies and the pigs, 
Culling loudly, " Chick, chick, chick, 
I 'nine pnd gel your dinner, quick!* 1 
Sliding ou your painted sled, 
Hurting oft your precious head — 
Little head that must he sore 
With its hundred "humps" or more. 
Riding on your hobhy steed, 
Which no spur or whip does need — 
Naughty horse, that yesterday 
Woutdn't cat a spear of hay, 
So you thought he must he sirk, 
And must have a doctor quick, 
But who, in his pranks, instead, 
Sent you tumbling o'er his head. 
Looking forward to the day 
W'lie)], a "great big man," you may 
Haven farm to call your own, 
Aud a live horse to ride on 
Here within your life's bright Spring, 
^ ou are happier than a kimr. 
Be a child the while you may, 
Tear your frock each blessed day, 
Mel' the tips from oil' your shoes. 
Tumbledown all that you ehoo.se; 
hut he happy while you can — 
lion 'l aspire to he a man. 
We would lather have you so, 
little trudger, three feet two. 



Is published iu Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY. OTHF.lt SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



TER M S 1 .N A 1) V A N C E 
Sinyle Copy, per Annum $12 00. 

. " Li in I. nni(fht .to this City for the JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR w 

be received al the office of our papei — Deskket News UuirniNos. 




