
9^^'. 



VOL 3. 



SALT LAKE CITY, JANU^Y 1. 1868. 



NO. I. 



A FRANK AND NOBLE BOY.-As I was taking a ride 
in our pleasant village, in which we have a few pleasant spots 
left, I took in a lad of some seven years. As I had occasion 
to stop close to a rum hole, I noticed the boy looked surprised, 
and I said: 

"Shall we go in and take a little whisky, as we may be cold 
before we get back." 



I shall not soon for- 
get the frankness with 
which he looked me iu 
the face, and said, ''My 
mother don't allow me 
to drink rum." 

Then I asked, "Won't 
you go in there and 
warm yourself?" and he 
as honestly replied: 

"I don't think my 
mother would allow me 
to go into such a place. ' ' 

Now, I want to say to 
all boys, never be a- 
shamed to follow the 
counsel and good ad- 
vice of a pious mother; 
for it will be a shield 
and a safeguard to you 
through life. And to 
mothers I would say, be 
evermore vigilant t o 
cast a godly influence 
around the young, for 
it will keep them in 
temptation's darkest 
hours, and save our 
country much sorrow. 

TrrE First Win.— St. 
Louis {Louis VII. of 
France) lost his hair in 
Palestine, and when 
Queen Bianca saw him 
denuded she was sorely 
grieved. However, she 
bethought herself of a 
remedy, which was to 
cut off a lock from the 
head of each courtier; 
these she sewed care- 
fully togetlier, and thus 
created the first wig. 



CTJ^EL 



IMITATE FLOWEES IN YOUR LIFE.— As flowers 
never put on their best clothes for Sunday, but wear their 
spotless raiment, and exhale their odor ever}- day, so let j'our 
life, free from stain, ever give forth the fragrance of goodness. 

Evil men speak as they wish rather than what they know. 








THE death of Jd.shu.a, the successor of Moses, anotlicr generation of 
the children of Israi^l had grown up. This generation did not 
know the Lord. Tliey did not know what Tie had done for their fathers. 
They turned from him who had brought their fntheis out of Egypt, and 
worshiped and honored strange gods. Tluis they became idolaters. 
This conduct of theirs made tlie Jiord very angry, and he left them to 
themselves. Instead of their being able to stand before their enemies, 
they did what Israel had never done when God was their friend — they 
fled before them. When the Lord leaves a people to themselves, they 
Boon become weak and cowardly, and their enemies have power over 



I 



»^^- 




•vnr^,trsf-'Sijs 



J" TJ "V E! HNT 1 1_. El IlsrSTI^/TJGT'OI?., 



p3'J 



them. Yet the Lord raised up judges for Israel, who governed 
them, and who tried to persuade them to do right. Under 
these judges they were fiequentl}' victorious over their enemies, 
especial]}- when they rcjiented and turned to the Lord. Buj 
often times when the judges died, they would turn again to 
idolatrj'. 

This was the case after the death of Ehud, who wa<< a judge 
over Israel. The people turned away from God. Then he 
permitted a king of Canaan, by the name of Jabin, to obtain 
power over them. For twenty .years he oppressed them. No 
doubt they groaned and felt bad about it, but he was a power- 
ful king and had nine hundred chariots of iron. Finally, they 
humbled themselves so much before the Lord that ho took i)ity 
on them. A woman judged Israel in those daj's. Her name was 
Deborah, and she was a prophetess. She had a husband by 
the name of Lapidoth, but we do not hear much about bin^ 
The Lord moved ujion her to send for one Barak, who was the 
son of Abinoam, and to tell him to take ton thousand u'len of 
the children of Israel. He was told that the Lord would bring 
Sisera, who was the captain of Jabin's army, to the river 
Kishon, to meet him, and there he and his army should be 
delivered into his (Barak's) hand. It was on this river Kishon 
that Elijah afterward hail four hundred and fifty false prophets — 
prophets of Baal — killed. V^hcn Peborah gave this message 
to Barak, he told her that he would go if she would go with 
him; but if she would not go with him, he would not go. Her 
reply was: "I will surely go with thee: notwithstanding the 
journey that thou takest shall not be for thine honor; for the 
Lord shall sell Sisera into the hand of a woman." 

Barak called his men, and started, and Debor.ah went with 
him. Sisera heard of it, and he gathered his hosts together, 
and his nine hundred chariots of iron, and went to Kishon. 
It is likely he looked upon Barak's proceeding as rebellion, 
and he wanted to crush it. The two armies met, and the Lord 
was on the side of Israel. He overthrew Sisera and his host, 
and all his chariots. They fled before Barak and his men, and 
they chased and killed them all but Sisera. When Si.scra saw 
that the battle was against him, and that his army was defeat- 
ed, he jumped out of his chariot and ran away afoot. In 
running he came to the tent of Ileber the Kenite. 

This Ileber was of Midianitish stock, and he was of the 
same fan>ily as one of Moses' wives. 3Ioses bad persuaded 
the family to accompany Israel into Canaan, and had jiromised 
them a share of the good they should get. Jabin, the king of 
Canaan, was at peace with Heber, so Sisera thought he was 
safe in going to his tent. But it seems that Ileber was absent; 
his wife, Jael, however, was there. She saw him coming, and 
invited him into her tent. lie was veiy glad to rest himself, 
for he was tired with nmning. He laid down and requested 
her to stand at the door, and if any person came and asked if 
there was a n)an in the tent to say. No. He soon fell asleep. 
This was probably wliat Jael wanted, for when he first came he 
a-ked her for a drink of water, and she had given him some 
milk. Milk makes many people very sleepy, especially if they 
are tired and the weather is warm. No sooner did she perceive 
that he was fast asleep, than she took a nail of the tent and a 
hammer, and went sol'tly to him, and drove the nail through 
his temples into the ground. It is this scene that is shown in 
the fine engraving that accompanies this article. Barak soon 
came along and Jael went out to meet him. She told him to 
come with her, and she would .show him the man he was al'ter. 
He came into the tent, and there lay his enemy dead — killed by 
a woman! As Ueborah told iiim, he had not the honor of 
taking Sisera, the Lord bad sold him into the hands of a 
Woman. 



f W 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 
the s.vbbath dat — questioned about the bloody nose, 
a tkue stoey. 
[second part.] 



He who scnxs God has the best master in the world. 



LITTLE GEORGE was well satisfied with his dinner, as also 
were his master, his kind mistress and his new acquain- 
tance. They arose from the table, and there being a fire in the 
parlor on Sundays — they sat around it to wait till school time 
in the afternoon, which was at two o'clock. 

The mistress only gathered up the dishes and put them away 
to be washed on Monday, .for she did no kind of work on a 
Sunday that could be put off until Monday, lest it should 
interfere with their religious duties, and then she also came and 
sat in the parlor too. 

The master and mistress were not what you would call very 
religious Banters; that is, they did not groan and cry and 
shout, and bang the benches with their hands while praying; 
like many of the members of that church did, but they 
tried to live up to the rules of it as near as they could, 
though sometimes they failed in doing so. When they 
failed in doing so, they had to repent and try to do better. 

They did nothing on Sunday but eat their food, go to 
Sunday school, to the class meeting, or to church or chapel. 

Do 3-0U not think that it would be much better if your 
fathers and mothers and big brothers and sisters would do less 
hard work on Sunday and go to meeting more? and it would do 
little boys and girls no harm to play and romp a little less on 
Sunday and go to the Sunday school and meeting part of the 
day. 

I would not like you though to be kept in doors all the rest 
of the day that you are not at Sunday .school and meeting, 
sitting gloomily with your hands before you without speaking a 
word, not daring to stir for fear of breaking the Sabbath, wait- 
ing ^vith weary sighs, and sleepiness for the day to pass over. 
If you were to be .so confined, you would not love the Lord's 
day so well. I would like you to love that day as one of the 
happiest days in the week, a day in which you are clothed in 
your best clothing, to go to Sunday school and to meeting, and 
also to go out walking with pajia and mamma, and your little 
brothers and sisters, to see the trees and bushes and wild 
flowers grow, and the ducks and geese, with their bright, clean, 
white feathers swimming in the waters, and the great proud 
rooster, with an unfortunate grub in his mouth, calling for 
some one of his many wives to come and gobble down the fat 
morsel, to see the sheep iiibble the tender grass, and the little 
lambkins leaj) and frisk about with joy, and to hear the busy 
insects hum and sing among thu trcjs and bushes. 

The Lord does not intend Sunday to be so gloomy and 
miserable a day that its approach frightens little children. 

The Lord intends that day to be a day of rest to man and 
beast when they labor six days, and al-o a day in which His 
children, who are made after his own image, should meet 
together to worshij) Him, and to humble themselves before 
Hrui, and to eat the sacrament of the Lord's supper. Because 
when the Lord made the heavens and the earth; and all things 
that are in them. He fini.shed His work and rested on that day. 

He was very particular iti the days of Moses to have his 
people observe the seventh d;iy as a day of rest. lie gave it 
to the children of Israel as a law in those words: 



■jCf: 



h^ 



\^^^ 



CTTJ'^rEIsriLS II>rSTK.TJOTOI^. 



7C^ 



I 



"Six days may work t)e done, but in the seventh is the 
Sabbath of rest, holy to the Lord; whosoever doeth any work 
on the Sabbath day he shall surely be put to death." 

This law was given to the children of Israel for a sign 
between him and them, and for a perpetual covenant through 
their generations: because, 

"In six days the Lord made heaven and earth, and on the 
seventh day he rested and was refreshed." 

The Jews observe the seventh day, which is Saturday, to 
this day, and you will frequently find their stores and places of 
business shut up on Saturdays, and open on Sundays, when 
the Christian places of business are all shut up. 

Would you like to know why the Christians do not observe 
the same day of rest as tlie Jews do? 

The Latter-day Saints' church is the only true Christian 
church in our day, and when the Latter-day Saints live strictly 
according to its laws and doctrines, then they are the only true 
Christians of the present day. 

The reason why tliey observe the first day of the week, which 
is Sunday, instead of the seventh, which is Saturday, is 
because Jesus Christ arose from tlie dead on that day, and 
ever since it has been observed as the Christian's day of rest. 
Hence, on the first day of the week, the Christians in the days 
of old, after Jesus Christ had ascended to heaven, began to 
meet and pour out wine to eat and drink in memory of Christ's 
death. This is called the sacrament of the Lord's supper. 

The apostles used to preach to the disciples when they met 
on the first day of the week, and at one of those meetings the 
apostle Paul preached until midnight. 

Little boys and girls should be good children every day; but 
they should try and be more good on that day than on any 
other day of the week. Everybody, especially children, should 
be washed all over clean on Saturday, and be prepared to keep 
holy unto the Lord the Christian Sabbath. 

Little George sat on a low stool at the side of his kind mis- 
tress, feeling sleepy a^ter eating such a good dinner, while being 
obliged to be so quiet and sit so still, for he was not acquainted 
with his new home enough to make him bold to stir around as 
he would have done if he had been better acquainted. 

In the course of the talk which was going on between tht 
master and his son, as they sat in front of the parlor fire, the 
master asked the new aci:iuaintance what kind of a meeting 
they had in the morning, for he did not happen to be there 
that morning, and if tlie sermon was a good one. 

George paid very little attention to the talk they were 
having, until the subject of the disturbance among the children 
was talked of, during which the new acquaintance told how the 
minister had been disturbed, and the congregation also, and 
how a bad boy bad to be put out of the chapel for making 
another boy's nosebleed. 

George was frightened, thinking this unlucky circumstance 
would make all his newly-found friends his enemies. He looked 
at his new acquaintance as much as to saj', "0, do not tell my 
master and kind mistress." 

The new acquaintance understood this look, and changed the 
conversation for the sake of his little stranger friend; but not 
in time, for George had hid his face in the skirt of his kind 
mistress, burst into tears, and attracted the attention of his 
master and mistress by his smothered sobs. TJiey became 
alarmed, thinking that perhaps the poor boy was sick and 
needed some attention. The new acquaintance, however, 
understood it, and had to tell theiu that little George was the 
bad boy who was put out of the chapel for giving another boy a 
bloody nose, and for making a great noise in the chapel, while 
the little fat man in the i)ulpit was giving out a hymn. 

When the master and kind mistress heard this they said not 
a word for some time, very likely thinking that they had not 



got such a good boy for an apprentice as they had expected. 

The master, finally, asked him what made him be such a bad 
boy in the chapel. This was spoken in a vexed and angry 
tone. 

He did not know what to say, and if he had known what to 
say, he could not then say a word in his own behalf, for it did 
seem that he never could give over soVjbing and crying. 

His master asked him again what made him such a bad boy, 
and desired him to answer him immediately, for he felt aggrava- 
ted and ashamed that a little boy from his house should have 
done so bad a thing as disturb a religious meeting. 

Kind Mistress. — "Will you let the child have time to get over 
his grief, and get his breath, and he will tell you all about it? I 
don't think that he has been so bad as you think he has if the 
truth was known. 

At the same time she put her hand on little George's head, 
and drew it nearer to her, saj'ing, "there now, my poor boy, 
stop ci-ying, I do not think you are a bad boy." 

In the first place he cried for vexation, and now the generous 
and kind words of his dear mistress melted his heart in grati- 
tude. He had a friend at court, and a powerful one too. He 
loved his kind mistress more and more, and felt that he would 
run through fire for her if she wanted him to do so. 

Kind Mistress. — "Now, George, you feel better; tell master 
how it was; I know you did not do it on purpose." 

Little George. — "A little boy made me do it — boo, hoo." 

Neio Acquaintance. — "There now, I thought the lad would 
not do do it without some provocation or another." 

blaster. — "I cannot see yet what could have made him do 
it." 

Kind Mistress. — "He will tell you himself if you will have a 
little patience with him;" and, turning to George she said; 
"come, now, tell us; what did the little boy do to you?" 

Little George. — "He ran a pin into my behind, nearly up to 
the head. — boo, hoo, o." 

Kind Misfre.'is. — "The little scoundrel! if I had him here, I 
would box his ears for him." 

Little George, taking courage, continued to say, "and then I 
was angry and forgot all about the little, fat minister and that 
I was in a chapel, and hit the boy, and made his nose bleed, 
and he bawled louder than I did; but they blamed me for it all; 
they did." 

Master. — "Why did you not quietly tell the teacher, and 
not take the law into your own hands, disturbing the whole con- 
gregation assembled to worship the Lord." 

New Acquaintance. — "I would not have you think, father, that 
I doubt your power of patience; but if some person had run a 
pin, 'nearly up to the head,' in your behind, giving you no 
forewarning, it would be hard to say what you would do; I think 
I should make a considerable fuss about it." 

Kind 3Lstress. — "I know what he would do; he would not 
only make an uproar in the church, but he would have the per- 
son who did it sued for damages, and everybody in this big city 
would be made to hear about it." 

Ma.tter. — "I really do not know what I should do under such 
a circumstance. I think that such an operation must be very 
uni)leasant and very jiainful, and I cannot say that I blame the 
boy very much for doing as he did, althougli we are told to re- 
turn good for evil." 

Kind Mi.itrcis. — "Yes, that is very good indeed; but there ex- 
ist few grown up persons who can do that, let alone expecting 
a little boy like George to do it. There, my poor boy, dry up 
your tears, I know you did not do it on purjiose." 

Little George now felt thankful to God in his heart, that he 
had not lost the confidence of his now friends by an occurrence 
over which he had very little control. 

Unole George. 



i 



'>^5<= 





0" TJ -^ El n^ I Xj E i:tTSTI?.TJOTOI2. 



',c^ 









^ 

§• 



msft^ttcfutJ. 



GEORGE Q. OAJVNON, 



DEDITOH. 



JANUAKY 1, 1868. 




HAT a beautiful example does the life of 
Ncphi present to the little boys in this 
church! He had three brothers who were 
older than himself. Their names were 
Laman, Lemuel and Sam. The first two 
were disobedient children, and gave their 
C ~-^f^ ^^iD=' parents much trouble. Sam was a good 
fti5*.to^'i_^t\^ boy; but did not appear to have the same 
i^'*^ force of character as Nephi. Lehi, the 
- '^ father of these boys, was a man of God. 
He lived at Jerusalem about six hundred years 
before Jesus was born. The Lord told him 
that Jerusalem was about to be destroyed, and 
commanded him to leave there and go into the 
wilderness. Lehi did so; but Laman and 
v^~^^^ Lemuel murmured against their father and found 
?7-j^^^ fault with him. They thought their father was 
foolish in leaving Jerusalem. They did not believe 
that city would be destroyed, and, therefore, did not 
feel pleased at leaving their house, their land, their gold and 
silver and other fine things. It was hard, they thought, to go 
oif from such a good place as Jerusalem was, and carry their 
provision with them and live in tents. 

They were like many of the people who live in these days, 
who think the Latter-day Saints are very foolish for coming to 
the land which the Lord has appointed as a place of gathering. 
These young men could see no advantage in leaving their 
native city, neither did they ask God to show them about it. 
Ncphi was young; Ijut he had a different spirit to that which 
filled his brothers. He listened to his father's words and he 
had a desire to know for himself the truth of what his father 
had seen and told about. So he went to the Lord and asked 
Him to show the things to him which he had shown to his 
father. And the Lord did so. When Nephi had these things 
revealed unto him, he was as anxious to do what the Lord 
wanted as his father Lehi was. He became a great help to his 
father, and because of his faith, and diligence in keeping the 
commandments of the Lord, he became a great prophet. The 
Lord afterwards taught him how to build a vessel, on which 
they all embarked. They were carried in that ves.sel across 
the Indian and Pacific oceans to this land. 

Laman and Lemuel were disobedient boys, careless about God 
and his laws; they grew up to be hard-hearted, cruel men. 
Because of their wickedness the Lord cursed them and their 
children with dark skins. When you see the Indians you can 
think of this. This is the cause of the blackness of theii- skins. 
Laman and Lemuel were their forefathers. 

By taking the right cour.'ie Nephi became a very great man. 
The Lord was with him and prosjicred him wonderfully. 

Every child can do as Xephi did. They can go to God, and 
pray to him to guide them. If they do so, he will till them 
with peace and joy. He will lead them. Or, they can be 
disobedient and wicked, as Laman and Lemuel were. They 
can be strangers to God and his Holy Spirit, and bring his 
anger upon them. 

Children, shun the examples of Laman and Lemuel, and 
folloTT that of Nephi, and you will be hapjiy here and hereafter. 



ANOTHER New year is here. Eighteen hundred and sixty- 
seven has passed^away. The past year has been a very 
interesting one, especially to the Latter-day Saints. They have 
seen the Lord's words fulfilled in the events which have taken 
place. You live in a very important time, dear children. You 
should be thankful to the Lord for permitting you to be here in 
these days, and to be born and brought up among His people 
in Zion. Probably you have been kind and obedient boys and 
girls during the past year. We hope you have at any rate. 
But in commencing a new year, examine j'our past conduct. 
Look at it carefully. Recall also to your minds what you have 
said. You can remember many improper things, perhaps, 
which you have spoken and done. With the experience you 
have now gained, you ought to be able to do better this year 
than you did last. Every year that passes ought to see you 
growing better. There is much greater enjoyment and happiness 
in life for those who, each day and year, thus seek to improve, 
than for those who do not. Rimember, that to be truly happy, 
you must avoid sin in every form. Y'^ou never should do any- 
thing that you should feel ashamed of your parents or of good 
angels knowing about Through not observing this rule, many 
boys and girls have fallen into bad ways and gone to destruc- 
tion. 

We wish all our little readers and their parents a very happy 
new year. If our wish can be gratified; eighteen hundred and 
sixt.v-eight will be a pleasant, peaceful and joyous year to them. 
We tn;st the visits of the Jm^ENiLE Instructor will contribute 
its full share in making it such a year. It shall be our endeavor, 
with the blessing of the Lord, and the aid of our worthy and 
interesting contributors, and the CAcellcnt engravings which we 
have on hand, to make the third volume all that could be reas- 
onably expected. It is very gratifying and encouraging to us 
in our labors to receive from every hand, so many evidences of 
the favor with which the Instructor is viewed. It is widely 
appreciated, and we trust that it will continue to win increased 
confidence and influence, and be a means of benefiting all the 
Juveniles who read it. This is the only object we have had in 
view in publishing it. 

AT last we have obtained an engraving for the head of our 
little paper. Last winter Brother George J. Taylor kind- 
ly made us a drawing for a head, which we sent East to have 
engraved. In doing so we went to considerable expense, but, 
to our great disappointment, when the engraving came to hand 
we found it much too large for our purjjose. It was a fine speci- 
men of engraving; but the engraver had neglected to observe 
our letter respecting the size, and it was useless. The present 
engraving is home-manufacture. The drawing was made by 
Brother George J. Taylor, the plate (brass) was prepared and 
mounted by Brother Z. Derrick, and the engraving was done by 
Brother David McKenzie. We are convinced that our readers 
will join with us in thinking it a very creditable piece of work- 
manship. We are under nuiny obligations to these brethren 
for their courtesy, and the trouble they have been at to gratify 
us in getting up this engraving. 



For the Juvenile Ivfttruetor. 

B I?. I T I s h: titles. 



A BRIEF account of the titles of British aristocracy 
will be interesting to our Juveniles. After the Norman 
concjucst, in A. D. lOyO, William the First, gave many of his 
followers titles and estates. The principal nobles of England 
and Ireland are of Norman origin. Some of the dukes and 
lords of Britain have gained their titles, for bravery in the 
field of battle — as the Duke of Marlborough, Duke of Welling- 





JTJ'VEITILIE] insrSTI^/TJOTOIE^ 




ton and the Marquis of Angjlsea. Others have gained dis- 
tinction as Lord Nelson, in tlie navy; Lord Macaulay, in litera- 
ture; Lord Ellenborough, in law. 

The king or queen of Great Britain and Ireland, is addressed 
as His or Her Most Gracious Majesty. The oldest son of the 
British monarch is Prince of AVales, Duke of Cornwall and 
Earl of Dublin, addressed as his Royal Highness. The other 
children of royalty are addressed as his or her Royal Highness. 

Next in rank to what is termed "Blood Royal," are the 
Peers, ranking as dukes, marquises, earls, viscounts and 
barons. There are some titles of the great ones called baronets; 
for instance — Sir John Dashwood, Bart. This title is heredi- 
tary, or is inherited by the eldest son, or male heir. There is a 
title called knight, the possessor of which is called Sir, as Sir 
Joshua Walmsley, Kn't. This title does not descend to the 
heir; but dies with the man who bears it. 

The Duke of Norfolk was created A. D. 1483. The eldest 
son is called Earl of Arundel and Surrey; the family name 
is Howard. 

The Marquis of Salisbury was created A. D. 1789. The 
eldest son is called Viscount Cranbourne; family name Cecil. 

The Duke of Beaufort was created 1682. Eldest son is 
called Marquis of Vforcester; family name Somerset. This 
duke's ancestor was Charles the Second, king of England. 
Charles the Second had several natural sons besides the Duke 
of Beaufort — Duke of St. Albans, Duke of Monmouth and 
Lord Southampton. If the kings of Great Britain do not 
believe publicly in polygamy, their acts give the lie to their 
outward professions. 

In the British army titles rank as follow: Field Marshal, 
General, Lieutenant General, Major General, Colonel, etc. 
There is no Brigadier General in the army list. 

In the navy the titles rank as follow: Admiral, Vice Admi- 
ral, Rear Admiral, Captain, Commander, &c. 

We must not omit the State Religion established by Henry 
the Eighth. This king had eight wives, and two of them atone 
time. The Pope of Rome would not grant him a divorce, he 
therefore absolved his allegiance to his Holiness. The Queen 
of England is the head of the church, defender of the faith, 
&c. Next in order is the Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate 
of all England, styled the Right Reverend Father in God, 
salary fifteen thousand pounds per annum. There is also the 
Archbishop of York, bishopsofljondon, Durham, Winchester 
and twenty-three other English bishops. Seven Scottish 
bishoi)s, twelve Irish bishops, several Colonial bishops, besides 
Deans, Vicars, Curates and a small army ef church officials. 

The prime minister is called, First Lord of the Treasury. This 
personage is the chief officer of State. There is also the Lord 
High Chancellor, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord President 
of the Council, Lord Privy Seal, Secretary of State, Home 
Department, also Secretaries of Foreign Affairs, Colonies and 
the War Department. First Lord of the Admiralty and a many 
other of Her Majesty's chief officers of state. 

There is the "Board of Trade," the "Privy Council," Lord 
Lieutenants of counties, ofl[icers of the "Queen's household," 
"Lord Chamberlain's department," and othei departments. 

Titled officers are numerous. Ilindostan, with a population 
of 1.00,001), OOU, is .subject to Great Britain and is suppUed with 
many titled officers with large salaries. 

Titles are numerous in Great Britain and Ireland, and those 
who have them are addressed by them instead of their names. 
The junior sons arc generally called by the family name, while 
the title and the estate descend to the eldest son who is heir. 

Wm. 



THE 



Pn.\Y earnestly, sincerely, and with a contrite and humble 
heart, and God will hear your praj'cr and grant your request. 



For the Juvenile Imstructor, 

O S T K. I O H . 



WE have all of us seen men riding on horses and mules; we 
have read of some traveling on the backs of camels and 
elephants; but the idea of a man riding on a bird is rather a 
novel one. Yet in some parts of Africa the scene represented 
in our picture is not so strange a sight as many might suppose. 
The Ostrich, the largest of all birds, is there sometimes tamed 
and ridden by the natives, its size, strength and extreme swift- 
ness in running making it very valuable for this purpose. 

Besides being 
the largest of 
birds, the Os- 
trich has several 
other peculiari- 
ties. Though in 
the shape of a 
bird, in some of 
its ways and hab- 
its it more resem- 
bles a quadruped. 
Unlike all other 
birds, it cannot 
fly. Its wings 
are very small 
comjiared with 
its body, and ex- 
ert them as it 
may, they cannot 
raise it from 
the ground. 
Still they are most valuable 




and 



helps to it while running, 
for swiftness it cannot be equaled by any known animal. 

In the matter of food this creature is not at all particular. It 
is very fond of grass and grain, but will not say No, to leather, 
metal, wood and other hard substances. It is said that one was 
once present when some bullets were being cast, and as they 
fell on the ground hot from the mould, the bird picked them up 
and swallowed them, appearing to enjoy the meal. After that 
we should fancy nothing would disagree with its stomach, and 
a keg of nails be as healthy diet for it as a bag of corn, or a 
heap of shavings as a load of hay. 

The beautiful feathers of this creature are highly prized 
by ladies in trimming their hats and other head dresses. For 
this reason it is extensively hunted by the Moors and Arabs. 
As there is no chance for one man and horse, be it the fleetest 
that ever ran, catching the Ostrich, they adopt the plan of hav- 
ing fresh men and horses stationed ready to keep up the chase 
when the first become tired. This is the more easily done as 
the bird does not take a straight course, but runs in a circle; so 
the hunters know when once it is started near where it is likely 
to pass, and post themselves accordingly. In this way it is at 
last run down and killed for its feathers or secured to tame. 

The Ostrich is found largely spread over the sandy deserts of 
Africa and Arabia. It averages from seven to eight feet high, 
from the ground to its head. It has a long neck and legs, and 
has two long toes on each foot, the inside one being the larger 
of the two. The color of the feathers of the male bird is black; 
of the female dusky. Those of the wings and tail are white, 
sometimes, however marked with black. 

In their social relationsliiii these birds are polygamists, one 
male having two or three females, sometimes more. Their eggs 
arc considered great delicacies, and are cooked in several ways. 
They are very large, weiglung as a general thing about three 
pounds. The natives make a bi.siness of finding them in the 
sand of the desert whore the mother bird lays them, as it is a 
very .simple way for them to get a good dinner, when no easier 
j)lan turns up. G. R. 



X^ 



<0^, 6 



ju^EinsriXjEi iiNrsTi^/TJCToi?> 



?i 



;Cd 



Xj I IP IB O IP C3- E O IR a- IB 

sTEiPHiEiisrsonsr. 



Taken from a little, work — The 'RocR'ET^)ublished by the 
American Tract Society, 



HUNTING UP HIS OWN WOEK — AN ENTERPRISING QUAKER — 
VHAT WAS THE RESULT. 



A 



a 



GOOD many tilings had to be settled by the Darlington 
project. One was the width of the guage, that is, the dis- 
tance between the rails. How wide apart should they be? Steph- 
enson said the space between the cart and wagon wheels of a 
common road was a good criterion. The tram-roads had been 
laid down by this guage — four feet and eight inches — and he 
thought it about right for the railway; so this guage was 
adopted. 

One thing which hampered Stephenson not a little, was a 
want of the right kind of workmen; quick-minded, skillful 
mechanics who could put his ideas into the right shape. The 
labor of originating so much we can never know. He had 
nothing to copy from; and nobody's experience to go by. Hap- 
pily he proved equal to the task. We can readily imagine his 
anxiety as the work progressed. Hope and fear must have 
in turn raised and depressed him. Kot that he had any doubts 
in regard to the final issue of the grand experiment of rail- 
roads — they must go. 

Dining one day at a small inn, with Rotert and John Dixon 
after walking over the route, then near completed, '"Lads," 
he said, ''I think you will live to see tlie day when railroads 
will be the great highway for the king and all his subjects. 
The time is coming when it will be cheaper for a working man 
to travel on a railway, than to walk on foot. There are big 
difficulties in the way, I know; but it will surely come to pass. 
I can hardly hope to live to see that day, much as I should 
like to; for I know how slow all human progress is, and how 
hard it is to make men believe in the locomotive, even after 
our ten years' success at Killingworth." 

While the father roughed it through, Robert's health failed. 
His cbse aiiplication to business made sad inroads ujion a 
frame naturally more delicate than his father's, and an offer to 
go out and superintend some niining operations in South 
America was thankfully accejited, in the hope that the sea-voy- 
age and less exciting labors might restore him. 

Robert shortly sailed; and his father pushed on alone, with 
that brave spirit which carried him through many a darker 
hour. 

On the 2Tth of September, the Stockton and Darlington 
railway was finished and opened, A great many came to see 
the new mode of traveling, which had preved a fruitful subject 
of talk, far and near, for many months. Some to rejoice; some 
to see the bubble burst; some with wonder, not knowing what 
to think; some with determined hostility. The opposition was 
strong. Old England against young England. The counter 
currents of old and new ideas. 

The road ran from Stockton to Darlington, a distance of 
12 miles, and thence to the Etherly collieries; in all, '.',2 miles. 

Four steam engines were employed, and two stationary 
engines, to hoist tiie trains over two hills on the route. The 
locomotives were of six horse power, and went at the rate of 
five or six miles an hour. Slow as this was, it was regarded 
with wonder. A "traveling engine" seemed almost a miracle. 
One day a race came off between a locomotive and a coach 
on the common highway, and it was regarded as a great 
triumph that the former reached Stockton first, leaving the 
coach one hundred yards behincL 

The road wa.s built for a freight road, to convey lime, eoal, 
and bricks, from the mines and kilns in the interior to the 



seaboard, for shipment abroad. Carrying passengers was not 
thought of Enterprise, however, in this direction took a new 
start. A company was formed to run two coaches on the rails 
between Darlington and Stockton, by horse power. Each 
coach accommodated six inside passengers, and from fifteen to 
twenty outside; was drawn by one horse, and went at the rate 
of nine miles an hour. 

"We seated ourselves," said a traveler of those days, "on 
the top of the Defence coach, and started for Stockton, highly 
interested in the novelty of the scene, and of this new and 
extraordinary convej'ance. Nothing could be more surprising 
than the rai)idify and smoothness of the motion." Yet the 
coach was without springs, and jerked and jolted over the joints 
of the rails with a noise like the clinking of a mill-hopper. 

"Such is the first great attempt to establish the use of rail- 
ways," writes a delighted editor, "for the general purposes of 
traveling; and such is its success, that the traffic is already 
great; and considering that there was formerly no coach at all 
on either of the roads along which the railroad runs, quite 
wonderful. A trade and intercourse have arisen out of noth- 
ing, and nobody knows how." 

Such was their small and imperfect beginning, we should say, 
now that railroads improved and perfected have fulfilled 
Stephenson's prediction uttered in the little inn, and have 
become the great highways of the civilized world. 



mSTOIE?.^ OiF- J-ESCJS. 



CHAPTER X, 

JESUS came upon the earth in a time when those who 
administered in the government were so corrupt that 
justice could not be administered. In this respect, it vei-y 
much resembled the day in which we live. It did not matter 
how good the laws weie, when those who stood in high places 
were too selfish to see them executed with justice. A ruler 
who has not influence sufiicient to defend the innocent, is a 
ruler only in name. Pilate felt that Jesus was innocent and he 
should have scorned the ofSce of governor when he found that 
he had not power enough in the midst of the people, to ju-otect 
him. He disgraced his jiosition when he delivered Jesus into 
the hands of his enemies — he had better have died in the noble 
discharge of his duty than so meanly -to have yielded his 
judgment; but he stood alone — opposed by the whole multi- 
tude of priests, judges and people. 

After the soldiers got Jesus into their hands, they treated 
him with all kinds of abuse. They took off his clothes — 
dressed him in a purple robe, and platted a crown of thorns 
which they placed on his head, and put a reed in his right 
hand, and then made all manner of ridicule. Pretending to 
worship hini, they bowed their knees before him, and in cruel 
mockery they said, "Hail, King of the .Jews!" Then they sjiit 
in his face and struck him with their hands. After they had 
gratified their hellish feelings in this way till they wore satisfied, 
they took off the purple robe, and dressed him again in his own 
clothing. Purple was then in the east, the royal color and 
worn only by kings and princes, and it was in derision that the 
soldiers put it on Jesus, and when they had taken the robe off 
and put on his own clothes, they led him away to crucify him, 
which means to nail to a cross. They had the cross, on which 
they intended to hang Jesus, already made, and at first, they 
compelled him to carry it, but afterwards they found a man 
from the country, wliom they required to cany it for him. 
They took him to a place called Golgotha, which signifies "the 
place of a skull," and made him fast by driving a nail through 






cr Tj ^ :hi n^ I L E ihststi^tjotoi?., 



7 






each hand and foot, and thus nailing him to the cross, which 
was made of wood. 

This is the way the wicked Jews crucified Jesus Christ, the 
Son of God, the Savior of the world! What excruciating suffer- 
ings he must have endured in that dreadful position! while 
those that passed by ridiculed and insulted him in the most 
shameful manner possible, saying, "Save thyself and conie 
down from the cross, thou who canst destroy the temple and 
build it in three days. If thou art the Son of God, come down 
from the cross and we will believe on thee." And the chief 
priests and scribes mocking him said, "He professes to save 
others, but he cannot save himself Let Christ, the king of 
Israel, descend from the cross." 

There were two thieves crucified with Jesus. One of them re- 
proached Jesus by saying "If you are what j'ou profess to be, save 
yourself and us." But the other one reproved him, and asked 
him if he did not fear God, seeing he was under condemnation, for 
they were receiving the just punishment for their crimes, while 
Jesus had done no wrong. Then he said to Jesus, "Lord, 
remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom." Jesus 
replied, "To-day you shall be with me in Paradise." Paradise 
signified then, the world of spirits, or the place to which all 
spirits go when they leave this life. The ancient Greeks called 
it Hades. 

Many people who were friends of Jesus, followed in the 
distance, and many mingled silently in the crowd, and while 
their hearts were ready to break with grief, they were not 
allowed even the privilege of speaking with him. A striking 
proof of the kindness of his compassionate heart was illustra- 
ted while in that state of agonizing suffering: Jesus, seeing his 
mother standing by the cross, and one of his apostles whom he 
dearly loved, said to his mother, "Behold your son;" and to 
the apostle he said, "Behold your mother." The apostle, 
whose name was John, understood at once what Jesus wanted, 
and he took his mother home with him and provided for her 
comfort, as long as she lived. 

During all his dreadful suffering Jesus did not utter one 
word of complaint, but even prayed for his murderers by say- 
ing, "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." 
Seeing women who had followed to the place weeping, he said 
to them, "Daughters of Jerusalem, weep not for me, but weep 
for yourselves and yo^ children. ' ' 

Pilate, the governor, wrote an inscription in the Greek, Latin 
and Hebrew languages, and had it placed on the cross over the 
head of Jesus. THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS. 

Three hours Jesus hung upon the cross in agony — he asked 
for drink and one of the soldiers brought some vinegar mixed 
with gall, which he tasted but did not drink. He then said, 
"Father, I have finished the work thou gavest me to do, into 
thy hands I commend n.y spirit." * and having said this he 
breathed his last. And then was darkness over all that land— 
the sun was darkened — the rocks were rent asunder — the vail 
of the temple also was rent, and all nature mourned. Many of 
those who came out to see, were convinced of the mighty power 
of God and acknowledged Jesus to be His Son, while fear and 
astonishment filled the hearts of the ignorant, wicked multi- 
tude. ^- li- «■ 



« In number 10, of Voluino 2, of the Juvenile iNsTiuicron, 
tlie question was asked. "Wlial were tlie last words of Jesus?" 
In number 21 the answer was given: "Father, into thy hands 
I commend njy spiiit." 

This reply is according to Luke's record, lint the writer.s in 
the New Testament, who gave an aieount of the cnntili.xiun of 
the Savior, do not agree in staling what wore tlio last words of 
Jesus. John states tliat ho said: "It is linishod." Mallliew 
and Mark, as translated, slate that ho cried out "iVi, AVi, lama 



§ioigraiiT|^ 



H' 



1= K. O IP H IB T . 



TIEIIE 



AFTER the occurrences related in the last number, the 
Twelve Apostles, who had been called by revelation from 
the Lord to go on a mission to cross the great waters to Eng- 
land, began to make preparations for their journey. The reve- 
lation in which they were called to take this mission was given 
at Far West, July 8th, 1837, and read as follows: — 

QrESTION. 

"Show unto us thy will, O Lord, concerniiig the TwelveP' 

ANSWER. 

Verily thus saith the Lord. Let a Conference be held im- 
mediately, let the Twelve be organized, and let men bo 
appointed to supply the place of those who are fallen. Let my 
servant Thomas remain fur a season in the land of Zion, to 
publish my word. Let the residue continue to preach from 
that hour, and if they w-ill do this in all lowliness of heart, in 
meekness and humility, and long-sutfering, I, the Lord, give 
unto them a promise that I wUl provide for their families, and 
an effectual door shall be ot^ened for them, from henceforth; 
and next spring let them depart to go over the great waters, 
and there promulgate my gospel, the fulness thereof, and bear 
record of my name. Let them take leave of my Saints in the 
city of Far West, on the 2i3th day of April next, on the building 
sioot of my house, saith the Lord. 

Let my servant John Taylor, and also my servant John E. 
Page, and also my servant Wilford Woodruff, and also my 
servant Willard Uichards be appointed to fiU the places of those 
who have fallen, and bo oflicially iioUlied of their appoint- 
ment. 

Sickness had again seized upon nearly all of the Twelve. It 
seemed as if the adversary was exerting himself to hedge up 
tlieir way to prevent them from accomplishing their mission. 
President Brigham Young had such poor health when he start- 
ed that he was unable to go thirty rods to the river Mississippi 
without assistance. He started September 14th, 18.'59, and left 
his wife sick, with a babe only ten days old, and all his children 
sick and unable to wait upon each other. He lived at Mon- 
trose, which was on the opposite side of the river from Nauvoo. 
He crossed the river, and succeeded in reaching Brother Ileber 
C. Kimball's house, who lived at Nauvoo, and remained there 
sick until the ISth of that month. Brother Heber and his 
family were also sick, and he left them, as did the other breth- 
ren their families, poor and destitute of the necessaries of life. 

Brother Parley P. Pratt, had succeeded, after his deliverance 
from prison in Missouii, in obtaining some land at Nauvoo. On 
this he built a log house, which he sold. With the means thus 
obtained he started on his mission taking his fimily with him. 
He was accompanied by his brother Orson Pratt, whose family 
was left at Montrose, and by Hiram Clark. They started on 
the 29th of August, 1839. 

Brother John Taylor's health was good when he and Brother 

sabachlhani?" whicli, being interpreted, is: "JSIy God, my God, 
why hast thou forsaken ine?" But that ho cried with a louil 
voice alterwards, and then gave up tlio ghost. Wo do not 
believe that Mallliew and Mark wrote thoso words as tlicy now 
appear; wo think they were incorrectly translated. Jesus 
never said siu'li words as thoso. Jint, according to llio projihot 
Joscpli, his last words were thoso wdiicli Sister Snow has 
wrilUm above: "l''aUu'r, I have linishod thy work thou gavcs^t 
mo to do, into thy hands 1 commend my spirit." 



IQ 



'fe^^'o: 



imji 



CTTJlTEin^ILE] in^STI?.TJCTO:Ee. 



90< 



Wilford Woodruff started; but Brother Woodruff had then 1 
been confined to his bed with ague for two weeks; and from 
that sick bed he arose to start on his mission. Thej' both left 
their famihes at Montrose sick, in poverty and helpless. Thej' 
started together without purse or scrip, on the Sth of August, 
1839; but as thej' were leaving Nauvoo, Elder Parley P. Pratt 
gave brother Woodruff a purse, and Elder Heber C. Kimball 
gave him a dollar to put in it. 

At Macomb, SIcDonough county, Illinois, they held a con- 
ference, which Elders Samuel H. and Don Carlos Smith, two 
of Joseph's brothers, attended. While here, Elder Taylor 
received a present of a horse from George Miller, afterwards 
Bishop, and a saddle from Brother John Vance. They con- 
tinued their journey to Springfield, where he sold the horse to 
pay for the printing of a pamphlet v.'hieh he published respect- 
ing the persecution of the Saints in ^lissouri. From this place 
they were carried on their journey by Father Coltrin in his 
wagon. After entering the State of Indiana Elder Ta3'lor 
who, up to that time, had enjo^-ed good health, took sick. 
He fainted several times; but on the 2Sth of August he sud- 
denly fell to the ground as if he had been knocked down. 
Continuing their journey they reached Brother Horace S. 
Eldredge's. Here Elder Taylor was kindly administered to 
and nursed, and was much benefited. After leaving there he 
became worse, and at Germantown, Indiana, he had to stop. 
He put up at a tavern during his long and severe attack of 
bilious fever, and was treated with great kindness. Elder 
Woodi-uff being sick with the ague, at Elder Taylor's request, 
continued his journey with Father Coltrin to Cleveland, Ohio. 
He traveled thence on the lake and the canal to Albany, N. Y. , 
where he took stage to his father's home in Parmington, 
Connecticut. During his journey he shook with the ague nearly 
every day. After he arrived at his father's, he was confined to 
his bed for fifteen days, and his jiarents had but little hope of 
his recovery. Jleanwhile an uncle of his died at Avon, who, 
upon hLs death bed, requested that he should preach his funeral 
sermon. He arose from his bed, and rode six miles in a chilly 
wind, and preached the funeral sermon to a large congregation 
of former neighbors and friends. His ague left him from that 
hour. Soon after he proceeded to New York, and visited Long 
Island and other parts of the country, preaching the gospel as 
opportunity jircsented, until Eider Taylor's arrival at New York. 
Though Elder Taylor was among strangers, he was not 
neglected. The Lord niiscd him up friends who were much 
interested in his recovery and welfare. Before he was able to 
walk, or to stand and preach, they obtained the Court House 
for him to hold meeting in. A large congregation assembled, 
and be preached to them sitting in a chair. Many interesting 
incidents occurred while he was here, which we have not space 
to dwell upon. As soon as he was able to travel, he took stage 
for Dayton, Ohio, stopping and preaching on the way. In 
attempting to visit a branch of the church in this neighborhood 
he had a relapse of his disease, and was again prostrated. 
While he lay sick at Itayton, Brothers Geo. A. Smith, Tiieo- 
dore Turlcy and Reuben Hedluek came there. He started with 
tliem, and at Cleveland, they found Presidents Young and 
Kimball, and they all traveled together to Kirtland. Several 
meetings were lield there in the Temjilc, and on Sunday, 
November 17th, ]s:i9. Elders Taylor and Turlcy received their 
anointings in the Temple, and the ordinance of the washing of 
feet; President Young anointed Elder Taylor, and Daniel S 
Miles, one of the i'resident.s of the Seventies, anointed 
Brother Turlcy. Elder Taylor traveled in company with the 
above-named elders into the State of New York. There they 
stopped and preaelied, and he and Brother Tin-ley proceeded to 
the city nf New Yurk. Altlionch provid'^d with everything on 
the road, and not lacking anything, he reached that city with 



but one cent left. Brother Woodruff was already there. The 
Lord opened their way to obtain means to pay their passages 
across the ocean, and they sailed December 20th, 1839, for 
Liverpool, which port they reached January 11th, 1840. 



St*It;cl!^& J?ad!?^» 



"W" m^ T ? 



What was it that Charlie saw to-day, 
Down in the pool where the cattle lie? 

A shoal of the spotted trout at play, 
Or a sheeny dragon lly? 

The fly and the fish were there, indeed; 

But as for the puzzle — guess again! 
It was neither a shell, nor flower, nor reed, 

Nor the nest of a last year's wren. 

Some willows droop to the brooklet's bed — 
Who knows but a bee had fallen down? 

Or a spider swung from his broken thread, 
Was learning the way to drown? 

You have not read me the riddle yet: 
Not even the wing of a wounded bee, 

Nor the web of a sjjider, torn and wet. 
Did Charlie this morning see. 

Now answer, you have grown so wise — 
What could the wonderful sight have been. 

But the dimiiled face and great blue eyes 
Of tlie rogue who was looking in? 






FOR oi;r juveniles to answer. 

101. What time was the school fur the Eldei's, or the "Scliool 
of the Prophets" established in Kirtland? 

102. When were the Twelve Apostles chosen? 
10:i. By whom were they chosen, and how? 

104. What were the names of the Twelve, when arranged in 
a quorum? 

10.'). When was a selection I'f brethren made to organize the 
first quiTuni of Seventies? 

101). Who wa-s ordained the next day as one of the Presidents 
of Seventies? 

107. When did the Twelve stait from Kirtland on their mis- 
sion to the jiastern States? 

108. What were brought to Kirtland to be exhibited, in July 
of ]8:!.5? 

10!l. What did Joseph find in interpreting the characters? 
110. When was the Bunk of Covenants presented to the 
Church for its aecejitanec as a law and rule of faith? 

jxjA^^EisriijE I3^^sT:R,TJOTo:R7 

i.v puOlt.ihcd in .SV(// Lake Vdy, Utah Tei ritory, 
ON TIIK FIRST A Fll'TKICNTII OF EVKKY MONTH. 

CEORCE O. CAN NON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum $3 00 

SlUijle Copy, for Six Months 1 50 

*S* li w expected where (u/eitLi forward names fftey will be resjJOTlsible 
/or Ihc p(t]tcr:i Ihwt ordered; and when OiJth payments are made, t.hcij 
will ]}lease Jorward them with the tetter aoiUaiaiuf; the n^inics of the 
aidtsirtlierii. 

•*- Elder H'm. Jl. Hhearman, Losjan, will act as General Agent tor 
Cnehe Vallii/. 

«i(- (Jrain hrouf/ht to Ihix City for the .InvKNiLE In.structok willbe 
received al the ojjlce uf our piiper—LiKtiHHET Is'ews Buii.I)ikgs. 



