
VOL. XVII 



SALT LAKE CITY, APRIL 15, 1882. 



NO. 8. 



THE NOBILITY OF LABOR. 




TO have something to think of and something to do, is 
essential for the happiness and well-being of mankind. 
This picture represents a very noble and important employ- 
ment. A carpenter working at the bench, planing, and the 
lovely children adorning themselves with the shavings, 
that have curled up like 
ringlets. 

It is a very happy scene, 
suggestive nf the quiet 
harmony and affection that 
should px : st between par- 
ents and children, for it 
seems this gentleman has 
no objection to his loved 
ones being so near him 
while at bis labor. 

There is a true nobility 
in labor, and honest 
laborers are respected all 
the world over. There is a 
manly independence in 
their hearing, and a con- 
sistent regard for their 
fellow laborers. 

Manly boys love to be 
engaged iu some labor, to 
help father, to be with 
him, to enjoy his conver- 
sation, and to feel that 
they are of some assist- 
ance to him. It'can-esa 
glow of pleasure in their 
bosoms to be useful; to 
manilest their love for and 
appreciation of the kind- 
ness of their parents by 
helping to lift the burden 
from them in the labors of 
this life, and contribute 

to their peace and happiness. Besides all this, they arc lay- 
ing a foundation for their own ultimate prosperity. 

Womanly girls appreciate the nobility of labor. How they 
love to assist mother, that dear, gentle, good, patient being 




who lavishes so much care and attention upon them ! To 
assist her in the daily labors of life, in making beds, sweeping 
up and dusting rooms, in making things look sweet and com- 
fortable, is a pleasure. They delight in helping to prepare 
meals, and wash up and clear away afterwards, thus relieving 

their mother of drudgery, 
and manifesting their love 
and appreciation of her 
worth far, far better than 
expressions of the tonsue 
would, and enhancing her 
happiness iu the realization 
that the affection she has 
lavished upon her darlings 
has not been in vain, but 
is reciprocated and valued 
with that intensity that 
brings forth the fruits 
thereof. 

The earth on which we 
dwell, teeming with lovli- 
ness, the grandeur of cre- 
ation, the starry heavens, 
all bear record of a Master 
Mechanic. Adam, the first 
man, introduced the no- 
bility of labor in the culti- 
vation of the earth. Jesus 
Christ sustained the no- 
bility of labor, assisting 
tlis reputed father, by 
working at the bench as a 
carpenter, Joseph being 
himself of that crait. 

How is the earth going 
to be redeemed and brought 
back to its primeval beauty, 
glory and excellence, except 
by labor? Consider the 
valleys we inhabit as they existed before the arrival of the 
Pioneers. A barren desert, the home of the wandering 
savage and wild beasts. Now what do we sec. We behold 
them filled with a happy people, in pleasant homes, where 




msf- 



114 



JVYE1TILE I1TSTBUCTOR, 



from the family altars arise songs of praise, thanksgiving and 
prayer. 

It is a well-known fact that duriug the early history of the 
peopling of these valleys by the Latter-day Saints, it seemed 
impossible to raise anything here. The frost nipped off the 
grain that had been sown in the ground, almost as soon as it 
appeared, or the crickets and grasshoppers devoured it, until 
many lost faith that anything could be raised here, and even 
went so far as to say President Brigham Young had made a 
mistake, in locating settlements in these valleys. This 
caused some to go to California, but the faithful laborer con- 
tinued to sow, and to appeal to the Author of all good, know- 
ing that under His divine blessings the "waste places" were 
to "blossom as the rose." 

He heard their prayers, honored their labors, respected 
their efforts, and now these valleys are filled with the evi- 
dences of the nobility of labor and what can be accomplished, 
under divine blessings, by these means. 

To my young friends I would say, waste not the precious 
moments allotted to you on this earth, but seek to be useful, 
to be employed, to spend your days in honorable occupation. 
Shun the street corner associations. The worst education you 
can gain is on the streets. It has been the testimony of 
criminals that they obtained an education in the streets that 
conduced to idleness, wickedness, crime and its ultimate pun- 
ishment or consequences, all of which they might have been 
redeemed from by helping father around the family hearth- 
stone, redeeming the time, eDJoying true happiness in having 
something to do and something to think of, and making a 
record pleasing to reflect upon. Uriel. 



SENTIMENTS 

Expressed by Unanimous Resolution of the Members of tlte 

V. M. M. I. A. of the 16th Ward, Salt hike City, on 

the Subject of the Action of Congress in 

Passing il" "Edmunds Bill." 




\TfE, the members of the 15th Ward V. M. M. I. A . view 
» » with deep regret the degradation of our common 
country, and the blow aimed at its Constitutional liberties by 
the passage of the so-called "Edmunds bill," in that it 
deprives us of the rights pertaining to citizenship without 
due process of law, and is usurpatory in its measures, in 
that it removes officers duly elected by the people, thus 
depriving us of a republican form of government, which form 
of government we have been taught to respect an 1 honor 
endorsing as we do the language of the Declaration of Inde- 
pendence, "That all m.-n are created equal; that they ;ire 
endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that 
among them are life, liberty, and the pursu't of happiness; 
thai to Becure these rights, governments are instituted among 
men, deriving their just powers from tht consent of the gov- 
erned." It is aimed al men whom we respect for Sheir 
integrity In the eau-e of Cod and humanity, whose lives have 
been spent in the establishment of a community, which, for 
morality, liberality, honesty, industry, enterprise, patriotism 
and education will compare favorably with those of any 
portion of our country. It is aimed to rob ns of what little 
semblance we now enjoy of a democratic government, as 
witness the principal advocate of the bill in the House of 
Representative-. Mr. Haskell, who said, "It is the intention 
of this bill to legislate out of office every one of the infamous 
Mormon Priesthood." And why'.' Because of the crime of 
polygamy, of which so-called crime not one has been legally 



convicted. Furthermore, this polygamic form of marriage is 
an integral part of our religion, under conditions, covenants 
and ceremonies that make it as far removed from bigamy, 
adultery and sensuality as heaven is from hell; and with the 
results of this form of marriage and its fruits, we challenge 
comparison for physical and intelligent offspring, infrequency 
of divorces, sacred observance of marriage contract on the 
part of husbands or wives, or domestic felicity with any other 
community of equal i. umber in the United States. It is a 
form of marriage that has, according to the holy record, been 
acknowledged and blessed by God in the person of Abraham, 
Jacob, Moses, Elkanah, David, Solomon and others. Polyga- 
mous marriage has been practiced by the longest-lived 
nations on the earth, such as the Chinese, Hindoo, Japanese, 
Persian an I Arabian, although unacquainted wit: the 
Christianity introduced by Jesus, the offspring of David, and 
the Savior of the world ; while those monogamous nations, 
such as Gieece and Rome, with all their power, have long since 
passed away. 

But that polygamous or any other kind of marriage is 
compulsory among us, as is widely believed, is too absurd to 
be noticed further than to deny its truthfulness. 

With the history of these things before us, with the com- 
fortable condition of our surroundings, the peace and good 
order that now prevails and has prevai ed, with the daily 
record of crime abounding in the midst of those who fain 
would correct our morals by such unchristian, unrepublican, 
usurpating acts as the "Edmunds bill," we enter our protest; 
declaring its passage a violation of our rights in the free 
exercise of our religion, which in nowise interferes with the 
religious, political or social rights of any, but in theory and 
practice extends them by giving all the privileges and bless- 
ings of honorable marriage. 

We also deeply deprecate the action of Congress in passing 
unheeded the petitions of our fathers and mothers and sisters 
as well as our own, containing as they did the signatures of 
over fifty thousand of the bone and sinew and bona fide resi- 
dents of our Territory, asking the appointment of an honorable 
committee to investigate the affairs of the Territory. 

We also repudiate the sentiments of Representative 
Cassidy, of Nevada, that "the youth of this Territory must 
be taught to obey the law of the land as well as other people," 
and say in reply that we have ever been taught obedience to 
the Ijws of our country and also obedience to the laws of 
God, and we sincerely regret that in one instance at least they 
are made to conflict. Nor have we any sympathy with his 
desire that "Polygamy must be made disreputable among the 
people of Utah," for we are too well acquainted with the condi " 
tion of so-called Christendom, with its wars, its political divis- 
ions, its murders, its sexual crimes, its abortions, foeticides, 
prostitutions, etc., its intemperance and its infidelity (though we 
are not blind to the good there is in the shape of arts, sciences, 
general education, benevolent institutions, hospitals, libraries, 
etc., which exist among our would-be-reformers and which our 
religion teaches us to value, and which we do appreciate); 
but until our fellow-citizens can show us a better condition of 
morals thau they now do, we shall not fail to honor and 
p sped those public-spirited men, polygamists though they 
be, who have pioneered the way into this once forbidden and 
sterile region, and by their industry, wisdom and honesty, 
aided by the blessings of Providence, have made Utah what 
she is to-day, with her schools, temples, houses of worship, 
pleasant homes, manufactories, farms, orchards and equitable 
laws ; and her people, who, maligned though they be, are yet 
the most tolerant among all that exist in the United States, 




:<& 



3S 



CTTJ'VElsriLEI UsTSTBTJO'TOB, 



115 



STOPPING THE WORK OF GOD. 



BY W. .1. 



PHE work of God, which has been established in these 
-*• last days, by the opening of the long-closed heavens, and 
the visit to the earth of the Father and the Son, and of holy 
angels sent by them, and the ministrations and revelations of 
all these, seems to be a great annoyance to the present 
generation. Christendom is considerably exercised about it. 
Nations are .jealous about it. Religionists generally cannot 
tolerate it. They are shy of the controversial weapons their 
Holy Bible furnishes against them and their already tottering 
systems. They have felt those weapons in the battlefield of 
truth and error, hence their shyness. They have no hope or 
faith in argument. Prejudice and envy make many of them 
demon-like. They willfully misrepresent — they misrepresent 
to destroy. They misrepresent to the nation under which we 
live. They urge it to use its strong military arm to devastate, 
to blot out, to cut out the "loathsome ulcer" from the 
immaculate body politic; thus consigning to a profitless 
waste, and the blackness of burnt desolation, one of the best 
portions of this great republic, and putting a period, if 
possible, to the existence of one hundred and fifty thousand 
of its best citizens. How philanthropic! How very con- 
sistent ! Acting in the spirit of Him whom they claim as 
their Divine Master, as represented in the following poetic 
lines, would be more in keeping with their sanctimonious, 
grandiloquent, and men-saving pretentions: 

"Know this, that every soul is free, 
To choose his life and what he'll be; 
For this eternal truth is given : 
That God will force no man to heaven. 
He'll call, persuade, direct aright — 
Bless him with wisdom, love and light — 
In nameless ways be good and kind, 
But never force the human mind. 
Freedom and reason make us men ; 
Take thest away, what are we then? 
Mere animals, and just as well 
The beasts may think of heaven or hell." 
During the past half a century, many plans have been 
suggested, and some have been tried, more or less, to put a 
stop to the work of (rod ; but denunciations and drivings, 
burning and banishment, maledictions and murders, proscript- 
ions and punishments, assaults and assassinations, peijury 
and powder, courts and courtezans, rings and religion, litigous 
lawyers and special legislation, with all the miserable chinking 
which has cemented the whole together as one long and 
cruelly-malicious crusade against the people and work of God, 
have all proved insufficient to accomplish the much-desired 
object. |The people and work of God still flourish. The 
right plan had not yet been conceived and brought forth. But 
the deeply-rooted hatred which exists will no doubt give 
birth to other plans. But why this hatred? An anecdote 
represents a man as having loved his wife so -a ell during the 
honeymoon that he could have eaten her, and ever after he 
wished he had done so. So with the opponents of the work 
of the Lord— they hated it in the beginning to such a degree 
that they felt as though they could destroy it from the earth, 
and ever since they wish, possibly, that they had done so 
when it was weak and small on the earth. Ah! but God was 
at the helm then as now — they could not do it although they 
tried ! 

At different periods of the history of the Church, men 
have felt highly elated, and have shouted, T.ureka ' Eureka !" 
like the ancient philosopher. Archimedes, who discovered the 
rule of the specific gravity of bodies, thinking they had at 



last discovered "the way to do it," but the sequel showed 
that it was simply another "way not td do it." In this con- 
nection an illustration may do good service : 

Mr. Swain, a former proprietor of the Philadelphia Daily 
Ledger, had dared to hold and publish opinions on public 
questions differing from the opinions of some of his subscri- 
bers, one of whom met him one day and thus addressed him : 
"Mr. Swain, I've stopped the Ltd,/,,!" 

"What is that you say, sir?" quickly inquired Mr. Swain. 

"I've stopped the Ledger!" was the stern reply. 

"Is it possible ?" said Mr. Swain. "My dear sir, what do 
you mean? Come with me to my office." And taking the 
irate man with him, he entered the office at Third and Chestnut 
Streets. Here they found the clerks busy at their desks. 
They then visited the editorial and composing rooms, where 
they found everything was going on as usual. They next 
descended to the press rooms, where they found the machinery 
busy at work. 

"I thought you told me you had stopped the Ledger," said 
Mr. Swain. 

"So I have," said the offended subscriber. 

"Well, I don't see the stoppage," said Mr. Swain, "the 
Ledger seems to be going on as usual. 

"Oh, I mean to say— that is, that I-ah-had stopped taking 
it." 

"Is that all?" exclaimed Mr. Swain, "why, my dear sir, 
you don't know how you alarmed me." 

This is about the kind of stoppages the work of God has met 
with heretofore. On patient waiting and examination it has been 
found that the kingdom's machinery was not injured or 
checked in motion. The machinists were at their posts, and 
the great Master Machinist was wisely superintending, 
governing and protecting all. "And, as it was in the begin- 
ning, so is it now, and ever shall be, worlds without end. 
Amen." 

If God designed an earth to frame, 
. And puny man could stop Him ; 

If He decreed a world to save, 
And feeble man could block Him : 
Our faith and hope would ilee away — 
We'd have no one to trust in ; 
No one to dread, no one to fear, 
No one to love or hope in. 
If Satan's power through mortal man, 
Could overthrow Jehovah, 
The fiends of hell would joyous sing 
The demon's hallelujah. 
The earth to chaos would return, 
And stars each other wreck in space; 
Bleak desolation reign supreme, 
And put an end to Adam's race. 
But God, the Father, and the Son, 
Reign overall their works supreme— 
They will en-ate, they will sustain, 
And they will finally redeem. 
They will uphold do- starry worlds. 
Throughout their orbits in vast space; 
They will preserve the sons of men, 
And greatly multiply our race. 
Their power can ne'er he overthrown, 
Bui will increase in world on world; 
While Satan will hi- shorn of power. 
And with hi- hosts from earth he hurled. 
The earth from -in will he set free, 

A nd then like Eden hi again ; 

Sw t peace extend from pole to pole, 

While Christ, the King of kings shall reign. 



y^k- 



^S) 



116 



LETT ER 



J-TJ-V^EnNTILEl IITSTRUOTOR, 




TO THE 
FOLKS. 



YOUNG 




Salt Lake Crrr, 

April 12, 1SS2. 
My Dear Young Correspondents: 

William Wallace Ruby:— I received 
your last letter directly after I had sent off my quantum for 
the Instructor, therefore, you will understand why you were 
not answered sooner. You say you have been in an out-of- 
the-way place, where you could not see the Instructor, and 
you have felt lost without it ; you try to encourage the writers 
to keep up the correspondence with Sister King, for you feel 
it is doing good among the young folks, in leading them to 
study the Church works, and especially when there is a 
question asked for them to answer. You add, you will do 
your best to keep up your part of the correspondence from 
now on. Y'ou seem to rather accuse yourself of not filling up 
some idle moments as you might have done. Now I hope you 
will not have to make that complaint of yourself again, for 
you know our repentance is of little avail unless we turn 
around and improve where we see we have done wrong. I 
believe many will have a heavy bill to foot for idle moments — 
yes moments that soon grow into hours, days, months and 
years, till a lifetime becomes almost a blank, and such ones 
seem to die and make no sign. In our present limited intelli- 
gence, I believe we are scarcely competent to weigh and 
measure the incalculable value of time. Still, many do 
appreciate it and do their best to fill up every moment with 
some useful employment, either for their own benefit or that 
of others. Allow me to suggest that this shall be the last 
time you ever have to accuse yourself of lost moments. Y'ou 
proceed with your letter by telling me a few things that have 
hurt your feelings : namely, hearing Elders in Israel taking 
the name of God in vain, and slandering the authorities 
of the Church, and being intemperate and guilty of other 
things which I will not speak of. I am very, very sorry to t 
hear such an account, and pleased to find you hold all such in 
abhorrence. Y'ou say you heard and saw.all this while you 
were out on the railroad, and you heard more than you ever 
did in days before. The conclusion you come to is a just one, 
that such foolish men will be lound with no oil in their lamps 
when needed. My young brother, let me entreat you to shun 
all such company as far as you are able to do it; but if by 
labor you are thrown among such, shut your cars and as 
much as possible shun them. Probably in one so young it 
would be wisdom to be silent, but 1 tell you there is a silence 
that speaks, yes, that is eloquence, and that carries an influ- 
ence where words would entirely fail. There is a time to 
speak: and wisdom, seasoned with prayer, must dictate the 
moment, then perhaps good may be done. Sou speak <>!' 
writing something that will be interesting to the young, and 
probably to the old; that you started a piece sometime ago, 
but failed to continue it. Now, start again, and do nol Btop 
until yon have produced something short and to the point. 
Learn to condense your language, lor that is a necessary art 
in public writing; indeed, even in letters it is almost equally 
needful. 

At the present time the Latter-day Saints should !»■ culti- 
vating and concentrating theii -. thai they may be 
prepared to meet the opposing elements that threaten us as a 
people at this time, and this can only be accomplished by 
educating ourselves. We should pray with the spirit and 
with the understanding. The gospel alone i~ ;i tine- educator. 



those who follow its teachings will become the most accom- 
plished men and women. Therefore, I jrequest my young 
brothers and sisters to first break up the fallow ground of 
their own heart and brain with the gospel plow ; Mich a pro- 
cess will make these grand organs pliable and fertile, and 
the seed thrown into them will spring up, some thirty, some 
sixty and some a hundred fold. 

I must now close ; let me hear again from you. and begin 
your letter on the proper side of the paper. Trifles tell 
character ! Your orthography also needs attention. 

Y r our friend, 

Hannah T. King. 



DESERET S. S. UNION MEETING. 



ON Monday, the 3rd of October, 1882, the monthly meeting 
of the Union was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, 
Assistant General Superintendent Goddard presiding. The 
meeting was opened by snaring, "We thank thee, Gol, for a 
Prophet." Prayer was offered by Elder John Alford, and a 
song was sung by members of the Sunday school choirs, led by 
Superintendent T. C. Griggs. 

The minutes of the previous meeting were read and 
accepted. 

Elder George H. Taylor, according to previous announce- 
ment, gave a brief lecture on "What should we teach in our 
Sunday schools?" He stated that the object of Sunday 
s:hools should be, not to teach children to read out of differ- 
ent readers, but to instill into their minds the princi- 
ples and faith of the Latter-day Saints; the four principles, 
faith, repentance, baptism and laying on of hands for the 
gift of the Holy Ghost, should be firmly implanted in their 
minds, and great pains should be taken to show them the 
difference between our faith and that of the different denomi- 
nations of the world. The principles of gathering, tithing and 
celestial marriage should be occasionally treated upon, these 
being some distinct principles that characterize the doctrine 
of the Latter-day Saints. 

Superintendent Hart, of the second Ward Sunday school, 
said that though their Sunday school is not as large as many 
in the city, owing to their Ward being a small one, he believed 
those brethren and sisters who attended would compare very 
favorably in character and deportment, with members of 
Sunday schools in other Wards. They have fifteen classes, 
but, like some other schools, are short of teachers of experi- 
ence. They administer the sacrament. Every Sunday, 
questions are given to the pupils to answer at the school on 
the following Sunday. 

Superintendent James Dwyer, in response to the request 
of Brother Goddard to say a few words about the death of 
Assistant Superintendent ^William Hopwood, of the 17th 
Ward Sunday school, said he could not express in words his 
deep regret at the loss of Brother Hopwood and of the kind 
feelings he had toward him. He was a man who could be 
depended upon in Sunday school. He loved to teach the 
children; his wh tie soul was in his class and in the interest 
of the school : and he could never forget the sight at his 
funeral of the expressions of sympathy displayed by the 
scholars, all of whom loved him. lie urged the necessity of 
superintendents being thoroughly interested in their schools 
before they can get others to be so. Relieved in short prayers, 
short addresses and short exercises in the schools, so as to 
keep up the interest of the scholars. 





J"U"VrHUSTXJL 1 'Bl INSTRUCTOR, 



117 



^2p 



Superintendent Goddard said, in visiting the 17th Ward 
Sunday school, he had always found Brother Hopwood at his 
post, and that more of such men were needed in our Sunday 
schools. He felt gratified to see so large an audience present 
considering the rainstorm we had had just about the time the 
people were starting for the meeting. He stated that the first 
quarterly meeting of the Sunday school officers and teachers of 
this Stake will be held in the Council House, at 7: 30 p. m., on 
Monday, April 10th, if Conference should close on Sunday, 
and left it to the judgment of superintendents which of their 
teachers to invite, as there would not be room in the Council 
House for all. 

The meeting adjourned until the first Monday in May. 
Superintendent Thomas E. Taylor was appointed to deliver a 
short lecture on the "Duties of Sunday school teachers" at 
the next meeting, and the 3rd and -1th Wards were requested 
to furnish the singing and six doorkeepers for the meeting. 

During the evening, Elder Evan Stephens sing two songs, 
which were much appreciated by the audience. 

After singing, benediction was pronounced by Elder James 
G. Bleak. 



REVIEW OF AN ACTIVE LIFE 



BY G. G. 




(Continued from page 92.) 

ON the 23rd of July, 1853, our son, John Harrison, was 
born, being the tenth child. 

At that time, buildings suitable for stores were very scarce 
in Salt Lake City ; in fact, there were only two of any impor- 
tance on Main Street. Having a large remnant stock of 
goods on my hands, and money being very scarce, it seemed 
wisdom that I should convert a portion of my stock into a 
building for rental. In November, 1853, I bought a building 
spot of twenty-one-and-a-half feet front by one hundred and 
twenty feet back, lor four hundred and fifty dollars, from 
John Lowe, a shoemaker, who worked at his trade in a shanty 
on the ground, and who had just then been called on the 
Green Biver Mission. This land is immediately north of 
or adjoining to the rock building, now known as the Wood- 
mansee Store. 

The following year (1854) I put up a building twenty-one- 
and-a-half by sixty feet, which at that time was the largest 
store on Main Street, and on completion it was rented to a 
merchant by the name of Mcl'herson. My residence still 
remained in the 2nd Ward, in which part of the city, public 
meetings were held in private bouses, until a meeting house 
was built, and which was dedicated on the 28th of December, 
1854. On this occasion, Apostle Lorenzo Snow and the 
presiding Bishop, Edward Hunter, were present, and delivered 
addresses. At the close of the service, the congregation 
remained to partake of a bountiful repast. Isaac Hill was 
Bishop of the Ward at that time, having succeeded Joseph 
C. Kingsbury between two and three years before. 

On the 22nd of April, 1855, my eleventh child, Alma, was 
born in the 2nd Ward. I u August I removed my family to 
my large building on Main Sired, it having been vacated by 
my tenant, Mcl'herson, who went further w, ist. 

Aboul this time, an extension of thirty feel was added to 

the building, making it ninety feet long. The remainder of 

my stock of goods being much reduced, and my staple 
ar ticles being entirely gone, I was unable to compete with 



other merchants who were well stocked with goods from the 
east. Necessity, therefore, admonished me to change my 
tactics and try something else. I took out an auctioneer's 
license, and thus became the only auctioneer in the country. 
My first auction was in the front of my store. It consisted 
of household effects belonging to a brother, a returning 
missionary, who died while crossing the plains, in Washing- 
ton Jolley's company from Texas. 

The entire sale amounted to over six hundred dollars. The 
last thing sold was a grey horse, that looked haggard and 
poor, having traveled more than two thousand miles over the 
plains. It might easily have been taken for a much older animal 
than it really was, but, having learned his good qualities 
from the captain of the company, I resolved that he should 
not be sold for less than fifty dollars. It was really amus- 
ing to see so many knowing ones go to his head, force open 
his mouth, and then retire with a significant nod, which 
indicated to the audience that he was too old to be worth 
much. This had its effect, for I had only one bidder 
besides myself, and his last bid was forty dollars, and I had 
to knock it down at forty-one dollars to myself. I then said, 
"Gentlemen, that horse belongs to me." It was put in 
Abraham Coon's charge, on his ranch at the west mountain, 
and in six weeks was brought in, looking well and fat, and I 
sold him for one hundred and fifteen dollars to Mr. Charles 
Perry, merchant. 

During the winter of 185. r >, after disposing of my remnant 
stock of merchandise, I opened my store as a restaurant, and 
also supplied evening parties with refreshments. I had a 
stand in the Deseret News office during the agricultural fair, 
which was held in that building a few days prior to the 
October Conference of 185G. 

On the 3rd of October, I was requested to supply refresh- 
ments for a dancing party, and during my absence a fire 
broke out in the upper part of my building, at the east end. 
It was occasioned by ashes being carelessly put into a barrel, 
which finally ignited. Thomas Williams, of the firm of 
Hooper and Williams, was the first to reach the scene of 
destruction. He burst open the front door, got some new 
blankets from the store to smother the flames, and took a very 
active part in saving the main building. 

The Polysophical Society, an institution organized for the 
purpose of mutual improvement, was in session in the Social 
Hall, when the cry of fire was heard. President Young and 
brethren left the hall and took an active part in quelling the 
fire. Under his direction the water from City Creek was turn- 
ed down Main Street, and the fire was finally subdued before 
reaching the main building. As soon as the news reached me 
that my store was on fire, I started towards it as fast as I 
could, knowing that I had left a wife and two children in the 
building, and my intense anxiety was for their safety. On 
reaching Main Street, my first inquiry was, "Where are my 
wife and children?" I found them all safe across the road, in 
the house of Joseph Cain. The contents of almost every 
room were thrown into the street. It was the largest fire that 
bad ever occurred up to that time in Salt Lake City. The 
loss amounted to about $1,500. My heart was tilled with 
gratitude to my Heavenly Father for the safety of my family. 

At such a time, excitement is apt to steal away sober 
reflection ami judgment. Many things were thrown out, of 
l he window to save them from the lire, but broken to pieces 
in the fall. President Joseph Young saw one man about to 
throw out a cupboard, which be prevented. 

( 'In In- < 'ontinued. ) 




r. 




118 



CTTJ^TIEIETIILiE IFSTEUCTOE/, 




A DIALOGUE, 

Between John and Simon, two Young Men who hove 
Grown up Together. 



BY JAMES A. LITTLE. 



John. — Good morning, friend Simon. 

SniON. — Good morning ; I am pleased to see you so cheer- 
ful this morning. 

J. — But, Simon, you appear to be in a thoughtful mood. 
I should be pleased to learn the subject of your meditations, 
especially if it is anything in which I am interested. 

S. — You and I have been playmates from our cradles, and 
the thought occurred to me, how widely we diner in some 
very important things. 

J. — Well, people are liable to differ; but to what do you 
now refer? . 

S. — We seem to have no views in common with regard to 
God and His purpose in the creation of man. 

J. — Yes, there has been this difference between us ; you 
are naturally religious and I am not. 

S. — You will not deny that you sometimes feel a reverence 
for a higher power than man ? 

J. — I really admit that 1 do, for I see the evidence of that 
power in the operations of nature; but I fail to comprehend 
its origin. What evidence have you that there is a God who 
is the source of it ? 

S. — You see yonder a beautiful house, built for the comfort 
and convenience of man, would you assert that it came there 
by chance or accident, or that it originated itself? 

J. — No, for I see in it evidences of intelligent design. 

S. — The farmer plows his field and sows the grain, it grows 
and matures, to furnish food for man and beast. Would this 
food be produced if it were not for the individual agency of 
intelligent man ? 

J. — No, certainly not ; I can comprehend these things for 
they come within my experience. 

S. — You find yourself in a world that is specially fitted up 
to furnish man the necessities of existence. Can you not in 
this, discern the agency of an active, intelligent being, as well 
as in the house and field of grain ? 

J. — The house and grain came within the limits of my 
knowledge, but this world is on too grand a scale for my com- 
prehension. 

S.— A barbarian, for the first time, enters a large city. As 
a whole, it bewilders him. and he entirely fails to comprehend 
the utility of its magnificent buildings, with their arches, 
columns and domes. I>oes his want of comprehension make 
what he Bees any less tin' result of intelligent design? 

J. — Certainly not. 

S. — You see that the earth, in all its grand organizations, 
shows a purpose in its construction as vvell as a city : why 
should it not he the work of a creative intelligence as well? 

J. — I see that, in my ignorance, I may err as well as the 
barbarian, hut how am 1 to know that there is a God in these 
thing- ? 

S. — In the labors of man you see an individual intelligence 
as the agent Is not that fact as applicable to what you do 
mprehend as it is to that which you do? 

J I'lir reasoning appears to in- good, hut how can I know 
<lnd as mi individual, as I know my fellow-man ? 

8.- iou ire now only fitted to be a companion of man 
Prepare yourself to be a companion of God, then you may 
know Him, as you DOW know your fellow nun. 



J. — If God is an individual intelligence, I see nothing in 
nature, nor find anything in my experience that teaches me 
any other attribute of God than His power. 

S. — It is true the greatest manifestation of God in nature, 
is His power. This inspires man with reverence, and has 
generally led him to worship the creature instead of the 
Creator. 

J. — Admitting that there is an individual intelligence that 
governs all things, I inquire again, how can I become 
acquainted with Him? 

S. — Through Jesus Christ and prophets and apostles He 
has told us how we may become acquainted with Him. 

J. — Yes, I see, Simon; it is the same old story : I must 
get religion in order to learn much aboir this great being 
whom you call God. 

S. — If you wish to become acquainted with some earthly 
potentate of great dignity and power, would you not be 
desirous of approaching him in an acceptable manner, that 
you might gain his favor and attain your object? 

J. — I certainly could not expect to be admitted into 
his presence in any other way. 

S. — Then how can you expect to see and become acquainted 
with so great and holy a being as God, without you use the 
means that He has directed ? 

J. — Your reasoning seems good, but I cannot bear this long- 
faced sanctimonious piety, of which I see so much around 
me. 

S. — The religion you speak of suits me no better than it 
does you. True religion makes people cheerful and happy, 
and, therefore, more capable of enjoying the seasonable 
labors and pleasures of life. It leads to perfection in every- 
thing that is great and noble. 

J. — Well, friend Simon, your conversation is always 
interesting, and perhaps that aud your example will some day 
make me better, so adieu for this time. 



SUMMARY OF CORRES- 
PONDENCE. 



RESULT OF OBSERVING THE "WORD OF WISDOM — A FIO 

TREK GROWING FROM A (11! AVE — 1NTEMPERENCE IN 
ENGLAND. 

ELDER W. H. APPERLEY, writingfrom London, March 
I, says: 
"Since laboring in this land, I have seen much to strengthen 
my faith in the leligion of Jesus, us restored through the Prophet 
Joseph. When 1 landed in Liverpool lust spring, my health 
was quite poor. After several weeks I put myself under medi- 
eal treatment, but received no benefit One morning after I had 
Keen anointed and blessed by Elders Whitney and Cannon, it 
was suggested that I should quit taking medicine and observe 
the 'Word of Wisdom.' As I was trying to make up my mind 

lo d the evil prompter told me T would die if I did, but I 

put my tru-t in the promises of God, which did not fail. Since 
then I have taken no medicine and drank nothing hut water and 
milk. My health is much better and my labors are now a 

pleasure. 

"A short time ago, one ,,| our sisters in the country was taken 
seriously ill. she sent me a telegram to bring oil and pray for 
her. Circumstances prevented my going at the time, hut two 
i. later, Brother Fowler and I were at her bedside. God 
answered our prayer-, ami her faith made her whole. 

"tin la-t Saturday 1 walked seventeen miles to see a fig tree, 
which grow- in tin- Watford Cemetery. Many years ago, alad v 



£&$ 



who did not believe in a future existence, said on her death bed : 
'If there is a God, may a fig tree grow out of my body.' The 
tree did grow, and it has raised a large, flat stone, that was placed 
on her tomb, several inches from the ground. The tomb is 
now surrounded by an iron fence. Thousands of visitors go 
annually to see it. 

"Some time since, I joined a literary society. At our last 
meeting, this subject was discussed : 'What is the best remedy 
for the growing intemperance of the country?' Much was said 
in favor of legislative enactments and moral suasion. But, 
strange to say, no word was said in favor of religious instruction; 
yet the president is a reverend divine, and most of the members 
are church people. One speaker said 'the Sunday schools in 
England do nothing to prevent intemperance.' He remarked 
that 'thirty-two per cent, of all the children that are trained in 
our Sunday schools become drunkards.' 

"There is not much equity in this land. Thousands of rich men 
live in great luxury, surrounded by everything that money can 
procure. On the other hand, many poor people die every year 
of starvation. Some of the more fortunate are sent to the work- 
house; but when they enter, husband is separated from wife and 
the dearest ties are sundered. When they die they are buried 
in rude coffins, with no shroud." 



BAPTISMS — GOOD PROSPECTS — TWO ELDERS STOPPED AND 
MADE TO TURN BACK WHEN GOING TO FILL AN 
APPOINTMENT. 

ELDER J. M. BARLOW, writing from North Cove, 
McDowell Co. , North Carolina, March 30th, says : 

"Eight persons have seen fit 'to obey God rather than man,' 
and stem the mighty current of persecution by coming forth 
and being numbered among the Saints of God. This happy 
event occurred during the first half of this month, when we also 
blessed four children. This is the first baptizing done in this 
field of labor, after laboring diligently just one year. To my 
great delight the baptizing was made public, and we, therefore, 
had an opportunity of speaking to a congregation on the water's 
edge. There are still several families and parts of families who 
are thoroughly convinced of the truth of the latter-day work, 
and whom we expect to baptize shortly. 

"Theevil one is wide awake, stirring up his emissaries to fight 
against the truth; and in many things they serve their master 
well, especially with their tongue. In the majority of cases 
among those who malign us so much, are those professing to 
have had a 'change of heart;' but one would judge that their 
hearts were changed to evil rather than good, for 'from the 
abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh.' 

"About a week ago, as Brother White and I were on our way 
to fill an appointment, we suddenly came upon two men sitting 
by the roadside, one of whom asked after we had passed, 
'Which way?' After telling him, he remarked, 'You had better 
go back.' I asked, 'Are we on the wrong road?' to which he 
answered, 'You had better go back.' I then suspected that 
some evil was contemplated, and by this time two other men 
carne running, and in a short time we were almost surrounded, 
when one Stephen Oollis, son of preacher James Collis. began 
to set torth his objections to our coming into their settlement, in 
the following words: T haye a paper at my house which tells 
how you'na kill people and cut women's throats, and we don't 
want any such men in our settlement. We tell you' ns to go back 
and not ciime here teaching your lies.' 

"He also slated that just ahead there was a dead line, meaning, 
I Buppose, that death would he the consequence •>!' passing a 
certain line. We were not at. all frightened, but did not wish 
I., do anything rash, and bo, after reasoning with them some ten 
minutes, at tin- Barne time telling them that our mission was 
'peace and good will to all,' we concluded to yield, reluctantly, 
though, to their unjust demands, 

'May tin- Lord 'forgive them, lor Ihe.y know not what they 
do.' When they prevenl u from coming into their country, 



they shut out the light of truth and reject the means of their 
salvation, and it were better for them that a millstone were 
hanged about their necks and they were drowned in the depths 
of the sea, rather than offend one of the servants of God. They 
believe a lie rather than the truth 'that they all might be 
damned who believe not the truth but have pleasure in unright- 
eousness.' 

"This circumstance occurred in the vicinity where not two 
weeks previous there was held a 'religious revival,' lasting 
thirteen days; and no doubt some of the professing Christians 
indirectly interested in this affair were loud shouters at this 
revival. This is the most disgraceful affair that has occurred 
in my missionary labors, and I was in hopes that nothing of 
the kind would occur, so that my report might be to the credit 
of the people of North Carolina." 



JOURNEY TO COLORADO — PEACEFUL CONDITION OP SAINTS 
IN SAN LUIS VALLEY — SUNDAY SCHOOL REVIEW. 

ELDER M. F. COWLEY, writing from Manassa, Conejos 
Co., Colorado, April 5th, 1882, says: . 

"I accompanied President Morgan and a party of Saints lately 
from the South to Manassa. After a pleasant and prosperous 
journey, we arrived in safety, Monday evening, Maroh 27th. 
We found the Saints in San Luis Valley generally feeling well 
and ready to care and provide for the incoming Saints. The 
day following our arrival nearly all of the company were pro- 
vided with temporary homes, which will afford them dwellings 
until they can procure permanent homes for themselves. The 
number of the last company located in San Luis Valley was 
about ninety-six, a portion who left the South at the same time 
having gone to Utah and Arizona. 

"The quiet, orderly and peaceful condition of affairs in Manassa 
are so much in contrast with the turmoil and confusion of the 
cities and towns of the east, that one of our brethren from the 
South remarked that every day seemed to him like Sunday. 

"The excellent water, the productive soil and the healthful 
climate, all conduce to the welfare of the Latter-day Saints in 
this valley. 

"Among the most interesting objects that has attracted our 
attention here, is the Sabbath school, which is under the super- 
intendency of Brother Martin Christensen. A brief sketch of 
the same may be of interest to those who are engaged in the 
welfare of the youth elsewhere in Zion, which I trust includes 
the great majority of the Latter-day Saints. 

"The average regular attendance of the Manassa Sunday 
school is about eighty-five, but last Sabbath being the day for 
their quarterly examination, the Sunday school of Ephraim in 
part were present, in connection with the parents of children 
and visitors, making in all. I think, between one hundred and 
seventy-five and two hundred persons, most of whom were 
the children of the Latter-day Saints. 

"The programme consisted of questions and answers on the 
restoration of the gospel, a select reading from the Book of Mor- 
mon, a song, a dialogue by two small boys, the moral of which 
was honesty ; a poetical recitation to the memory of Joseph 
Standing, questions answered in concert by a class of little girls, 
a recitation in parts by little girls, entitled 'Duties,' or 'Young 
Folks Listen to Me,' being a summary of good advice to chil- 
dren ; and a Sunday school song by the juvenile choir, under 
the direction of Brother William Christensen. 

"After the administration of the sacrament, at Brother Mor- 
gan's request, I spoke for a short time, after which President 
Morgan delivered a brief discourse replete with good advice to 
the young people, warning them to avoid the association of the 
vile, and to qualify themselves for usefulness in the kingdom of 
God. 

"The recitations, select readings, etc., were well rendered, 
each mie promptly responding to the call made. 

"Considering the infancy of the school and the disadvantages 
attendant on new colonics, the Sunday schools of Ephraim and 
Manassa deserve credit. Their numbers increasing steadily by 
emigration from the South, an increased demand I'm' books is 
felt and a scarcity of funds prevents the necessary investment in 
these Sunday school requisites All the books usrcl in the 
Sabbath schools here, are the publications of the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. A number of the First and 
Second Readers, published by the Sunday School Union, a lew 

copies of the Juvenile Instructor, Faith I'm ting Series, 

with Articles of Faith in English and Spanish, would materially 
help them out. anil conduce u< the welfare of /.inn's youth in 
this part of the Lord's vineyard. 

"All it requires is the united efforts of the Saints, under the 
blessings of our Heavenly Father, in make this once desert land 
t" rejoice and lilussnni us the rose. 

"We anticipate holding a few more meetings, assisting in the 
ordinances of baptism and confirmation, and the first of next 
wiiK taking our departure for St, Louis, where we hold confer- 
ence the loth and Kith of thlE month." 




.tfSE^ 




ISO 



JTJYEITILE IITSTRTJCTOR. 




IlWI 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 


- 


EDITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


APRIL 15, 


1882. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 





T least twenty bills have been introduced 
into the Senate and House of Represen- 
tatives of the United States concerning 
Utah and her people, and their religion. 
They propose a great variety of plans, 
the aim of all being to take from the 
Latter-day Sains their rights as citizens, 
F> and to punish them because they are 
Latter-day Saints. Some of these bills 
propose, even if they only believe in certain 
principles, to take away their right to vote, 
their right to sit on juries, and their right to 
hold office. The Edmunds bill, which has 
just passed and become law, is fairer on its 
face than many of the other bills, though 
^•f doubtless it will be severe enough in practice. It 
a does not propose, on its face, to punish men and 
women who do not practice plural mairiage. But 
* in the hands of bad men, with such prejudice and 

hatred as exist against the Latter-day Saints, it will be easy 
to get up accusations, and the Edmunds bill can be made 
very oppressive upon those who are members of the Church 
and yet do not practice plural marriage. 

All the bills, however, are remarkable for the absence of 
one provision. They all propose to break up the families of 
Latter-day Saints; they propose to send the men to prison 
who have more wives than one, if they continue to live with 
their wives; but not one of them makes the least provision 
for the care of these wives and their ehildren ! It seems as 
though every man that framed a bill was anxious only to have 
all the plural wives and their children turned loose upon 
society. If the men should turn their wives and their 
children away from them and cease to support them, the men 
who framed these bills propose to let them vote, to let them 
sit on juries, to let them hold office, to let them, in fact, have 
every honor withiu their reach that they can desire, thus 
offering them a bribe to cease feeding and clothing and caring 
for their wives and their children. 

When one calmly thinks about ibis, does it not appear 
honible? One would imagine that with so much thought 
as these twenty bills which have been framed have called 
forth upon this subject, Bome one of these bill makers, who pro- 
fess i" !»• so much shocked at what the "Mormons" are 
doing, would have bestowed a single thought upon the women 
and children. But no ; not one word can be found in these 
carefully prepared measures for their protection ! 

Now, we think tdi- i- a great compliment to the Latter-day 
Saints. Men who framed these bill* appear to I"- satisfied that 
the husbands am >ng the Latter-day Saint- who have more 
wive- than one will not permit them to suffer. They seem 

to hav untir ofi lei in their honor and in their loyalty to 

their covenants; and though they threaten them with lire' 



and imprisonment for having wives and children and for con- 
tinuing to live with them, they appear to feel sure they will 
not desert or leave them to want. And they are right. No 
true Latter-day Saint could be guilty of any such act. No 
greater evidence of apostasy could be witnessed than the 
putting away of a wife and children and the leaving of them 
to take care of themselves. 

Latter-day Saints have always said that the Lord had 
revealed the principle of patriarchal marriage for the salva- 
tion of mankind — not men alone, but women also. They 
have said that the people, in fighting this doctrine and seeking 
to destroy those who believe in and practice it, were not 
prompted by their desire for the welfare of women. And is 
it not plain to be seen that this is true? Who cares for the 
fate of the women and children in our midst who belong to 
plural families? Certainly the men who have framed these 
bills do not, judging by their bills ; certainly the majority of 
Congress who voted for the Edmunds bill do not, judging 
by that bill ; certainly the preachers and people who urged 
this legislation do not, judging by their petitions. 

Suppose a community of people not Latter-day Saints 
were to be threatened with punishment — as we are for having 
plural wives, what would be their action under such circum- 
stances? If they were men of the world and selfish and 
lovers of their own ease, as people too generally are, they 
would dismiss their wives and their children, and make the 
law an excuse for saying: 

"It will not do for us any longer to live with and take care 
of you and your children ; for we shall be put in prison and 
be fined and stripped of our liberties if we do; we think, 
therefoie you had better take care of yourselves now." 

And thus the poor women and children would be the scape- 
goats to bear the alleged sins of the whole community. 

If the men among the Latter-day Saints were to do this, 
they would be doing just what Congress by its laws asks them 
to do. The Edmunds bill says to every man among the Latter- 
day Saints who has more wives than one that he can do this 
and be honored by that law for doing it; and it does not say 
that he shall be punished, however cruelly and inhumanly he 
may treat his wives and his children; in fact, it says he shall 
be punished unless he deserts them; because it is well known 
that those who hate the Latter-day Saints will make every 
man an offender and accuse him of violating the law if he only 
takes care of and provides for his wives and his children. 

This law ought to be called "a law to promote adultery, and 
to encourage cruelty to women and children." 

The Lord has always, through His servants, manifested 
His kindness for women and for children. Through Moses 
He declared: "Ye shall not afflict any widow, or fatherless 
child: If thou afflict them in any wise and they cry at all 
unto me, I will surely hear their cry; and my wrath shall wax 
hot, and I will kill you with the sword; and your wives 
shall be widows, and your children fatherless." In the days 
of the apostles this class were also the objects of care on the 
part of the servants of Cod. The words of the Book of 
Mormon, also, show the care that the Lord had over women 
and children. Tt was promised unto the Lamanites that 
they should not be destroyed because of their kindness to 
their wives and their children. In speaking of them, Jacob 
said: "Behold their husbands love their wives and their 
wives love their husbands, and their husbands and their 
wives love their children. No people and no individual can 
prosper who treats women and children or a wife and chil- 
dren with unkindness. If the Latter-day Saints break their 



-c/S*! 



I 
% 



'>! 




"^s, 



a"TJATEISriLE IITSTBUCTOR. 



121 




covenants, which they have made in holy places with their 
wives, they will incur more severe d'spleasure and more 
dreadful punishment than can be inflicted by the Edmunds 
law, or by any other bill that human power can enact. The 
effect of all such measures as that law upon a people who 
truly love the Lord will be to make them cleave closer and 
closer to God. Our observation among the Latter-day 
Saints teaches us that since persecution has become so hot 
upon the principle of plural marriage, it has begotten greater 
love among men and women who are in plural marriage. 
Husbands treat their wives with more tender affection and 
greater fairness, and wives respect and cleave to their hus- 
bands with stronger love, and of course where these feelings 
exist with the parents the children feel the benefit. More 
love is shown to them and greater care taken in rearing them 
in the ways of knowledge and in giving them proper advan- 
tages. It is a principle of human nature to value that which 
costs us the most trouble and for which we make the greatest 
sacrifices. Under the pressure that is now being brought to 
bear upon the Latter-day Saints, husbands and wives and 
children will all be valued more highly by each other than if 
this persecution were not brought against us. 



WHAT YOUTH CAN 
ACCOMPLISH. 



by j. n. w. 






THERE has existed a notion in times past, and it still exists 
to some extent, that those of mature age alone can accom- 
plish great deeds. Hence, we are apt to underestimate the 
powers possessed by young people, and pass them by as unwor- 
thy of notice. Age, of course has the benefit of a longer 
experience, and old men are likely to act with more prudence 
and caution than young ones, but it is also true, that young 
men may put forth efforts that will lead to the most important 

results. 

The student of History will find many facts bearing upon 
this very point. 

It is said that one of the greatest military men of the world, 
Alexander the Great, was less than thirty-three years of age 
when he subdued his enemies in Greece, passed over into Asia, 
conquered the whole of Asia Minor, Syria, Egypt and Persia, 
besides many smaller kingdoms and a large part of India. 
Hannibal, the Carthaginian leader, the most formidable 
enemy that Rome ever had, was made general at the age of 
twenty-two. By the time he was twenty-eight, he had driven 
the Romans from Spain and France, crossed the Alps with an 
immense army, and, by the battle of Canne, brought Rome 
itself into danger. 

Napoleon Ronaparte at the early age of twenty-seven was 
made general of the French armies. 

He subdued Italy, overran Egypt, humbled Austria and 
eventually crowned himself Kmperor of France, before he 
reached the age of thirty-five. 

Washington, at the age of twenty-two, fought by the side of 
(icneral Braddock, and at his death took command of the col- 
onial army. 

Lafayette, at the tender age of eighteen, stood shoulder to 
shoulder with the most distinguished officers of the revolu- 
tionary army, and at twenty-four led on the National Guards 
of France. 



I f we turn to literary men, poets, orators, and philosophers, 
we find numerous examples to illustrate the same idea. 

Lord Bacon, at the early age of sixteen conceived the idea 
of overthrowing the whole system of philosophy of Aristotle, 
and publicly promulgated his opposing views. 

William Pitt, afterwards called Lord Chatham, entered the 
British House of Commons at the age of twenty-two. 

At the age of twenty-four he became Prime Minister of 
England and for more than a quarter of a century, conducted 
with wisdom and ability the complicated affairs of that vast 
kingdom. 

John Quincy Adams, at the age of fourteen was made 
private secretary to the American Minister at the Court of St. 
Petersburg. At twenty-two he entered Congress, and 
continued almost without interruption in the public service 
for nearly fifty years, holding the various offices of Member of 
the House of Representitives, Senator, Governor, Vice Presi- 
dent and President. 

Among the poets we find Burns, giving to the world some of 
his finest productions at the age of twenty-seven. 

Shelley composed some of his most exquisite poems when only 
nineteen, and Byron had written that celebrated poem, "Childe 
Harold" before he reached the age of twenty- three. 

Orson Pratt, before he reached the age of twenty-seven had 
published some of the works which bear his name, works 
which have led thousands to embrace the truth, and opened to 
the world a new mine of thought and a new school of theology. 

Joseph Smith, the great prophet of the nineteenth century, 
was called of God at the early age of fourteen, and in the few 
short years of his life he not only translated the records which 
God gave him but also organized the Church of Jesus Christ 
of Latter-day Saints and enunciated those grand principles 
which have shaken the religious world from center to circumfer- 
ence. 

And why did he accomplish so much in so short a time? 
Simply because he entered into his work with his whole heart. 
He allowed no unworthy objects to weaken his purpose or 
divide his attention, and he continually sought the inspiration 
of the Aimighty, who came to his aid and enabled him to 
accomplish in the short space of fourteen years the mightiest 
work that any man has wrought since the Savior was upon the 
earth. 

If we should take from the world what has been done by 
her young men, history would lose half its charms — half the 
brilliant deeds it now records with triumph and satisfaction. 

The mission of young men is to meet the evils which are in 
society and stem the torrent of iniquity which is sweeping 
over the world. 

There is no class of persons capable of accomplishing more. 
Should our young men in one firm, united band set their faces 
against vice of every description, the effect would be irresist- 
able. 

To live for self is not the great end of our being. No; wc 
have a higher calling, a more glorious destiny. We were 
made to do good to others. 

It depends, in a great measure, upon young men to say how 
far the burning waves of vice shall sweep on, and where they 
shall be stayed The monster with which we have to contend 
is more powerful than kings and emperors and will not be 
defeated without a struggle. Come, then, to the work of 
humanity, the work of God. 

It will eventually triumph. Though we may not live in 
this mortal sphere to see the end; yd from our happy home 
beyond the vail we shall be witnesses in the hour of victory. 



a 

I 



lS>^ 




»38>&* 



122 



crTJ^En^riLE iustbtjotob. 




P A T M O S . 



bv <;. R. 



THE last book in the Bible is called "The Revelation of 
St. John the Divine." (rod did not give the names to 
the books in the Bible, they were placed there by learned 
men, according to their judgment or fancy. "St John the 
Divine," as he is here called, is the same as John the apostle. 
That one of the twelve apostles whom Jesus loved so greatly, 
and who himself was so full of love for the people of Christ's 
Church. It was he who wrote this book of Revelation. 

Some have tried to prove that John did not write it and 
that it is a forgery. 

It is quite common j. -^=- 

with certain classes 
of unbelievers to 
dispute everything 
that is found in 
the holy scriptures. 
They even would 
go so far as to have 
us believe that 
Jesu , our Re- 
deemer njver lived. 
These men deny 
almost everything, 
and as the world is 
without revelation 
all they can do is 
to dispute, wrangle 
and quarrel on these 
points ; ever learn- 
ing, but never com • 
ing to a knowledge 
of the truth. 

But the Latter- 
day Saints have 
revelation from 
Cod, that sets at 
rest at once and 
forever many mat- 
ters in dispute. 
One of these is, 
did John write 
this book, or did 
he not? In the 
Book of .Mormon 
we have a plain 
answer. An angel 
of the Lord showed 
untu Nephi many 
(if the most, impor- 
tant things that would occur from his day until the end ol 
the world. Among other things, he says: 

"And I looked and beheld a man. and he was dressed in a 
white robe; and the angel said unto me, Behold one of the 
twelve apostles (if the Lamb' Heboid, lie xhall see and 
write the remainder of these things; yen. and also many 

things which have been: and he shall also write concerning 
the end of this world; wherefore, the things which he shall 
write, are just and true: and behold they are written in the 
book which thou beheld proceeding out of the mouth of the 
Jew; aud at the time they proceeded onl of the month of 




the Jew, or, at the time the book proceeded out of the mouth 
of the Jew, the things which were written, were plain and 
pure, and most precious, and easy to the understanding of all 
men. And behold, the things which this apostle of the 
Lamb shall write, are many things which thou hast seen; 
and behold, the remainder shalt thou see; but the things 
which thou shalt see hereafter, thou shalt not write ; for the 
Lord Cod hath ordained the apostle of the Lamb of God, 
that he should write them. And aLo others who have been, 
to them hath he shown all things, and they have written 
them ; and they are sealed up to come forth in their purity, 
according to the truth which is in the Lamb, in the own due 
time of the Lord, unto the house of Israel. And 1, Nephi, 

heard and bear 
record, that the 
name of the apostle 
of the Lamb was 
John, according to 
the word of the 
angel." 

Thus we learn 
that it was John 
the apostle who 
indeed wrote this 
book. 

According to 
John's own state- 
ment, this Reve- 
lation was written 
on the island of 
Patmos. He says 
he "was in the 
isle that is called 
Patmos, for the 
word of God, and 
for the testimony 
of Jesus Christ" 
[Rev. i. -J). 

John was ban- 
ished to this island 
by the Roman 
empcror.Domitian, 
after a vain attempt 
to take his life by 
puttirg him into 
a ca'dron of boiling 
oil. Thj wicked 
could not kill him, 
because Jesus had 
promised that he 
should live. 

While on this 
island, it is said, 
he was compelled to work in the mines, which was very cruel 
On the pait of those who persecuted him, when we consider 
how very old he was. When the emperor dh d, we arc told 
that .John was set tit liberty (A l> , 96), and that he returned 
to Ephesus and continued his labors as an apostle. We have 
no detailed account ol what afterwards became of him. As 
the church apostatized, he was withdrawn from their midst to 
labor in other portions of the Lord's vineyard. 

Perhaps our young reader- would like a short sketch of 
Patmos, and to learn where it lies and what there isof note to be 
seen on it. We will say, then, that it is one island of a group or 



k 




2£ 



JTJ^TEIsrilL.E II^STBTJOTOR. 



123 




archipelago, situated in the eastern portion of the Mediter- 
ranean Sea, and about thirty miles w°st of the coast of Asia 
Minor. It is an irregular mass of barren rock, about twenty- 
eight miles in circumference. It is now called Patmo, and is 
subject to the Turks, though the inhabitants, who number 
about four thousand, are Greeks. 

There is a monastery of Greek monks on the island, which is 
said to have been built in the twelfth century. These monks 
point out a cavern on the side of a hill, which they say is the 
exact spot where John received his revelation. We presume 
they know nothing about it, but probably make a little money 
by showing the cave to visitors. 



HISTORY OF THE CHURCH. 



{Continued from, "page 98). 



THE determined course taken by J. B. Backenstos, sheriff 
of Hancock County, had the effect of producing fear 
among the mob. Not only those of Carthage for whom he 
held writs, but also many guilty ones in other places, fled 
from the County and State with all possible haste. 

While waiting a reply to his communication to the assem- 
bled mob, the sheriff directed his men at Carthage to collect 
from the citizens of that place all arms, ammunition, etc., 
belonging to the State, in their possession. 

While they were thus engaged an incident occurred, which 
we relate, as it shows that the sheriff was a man of justice 
and fine feelings : Two of the men collecting the arms either 
misunderstood or willfully acted in opposition to his order, by 
taking possession of three guns, the private property of indi- 
viduals; one man also quarreled with a lady and used 
ungentlemanly language in her presence. For their conduct, 
the sheriff ordered these men under arrest, placed a guard 
over them and sent them home in disgrace, while the guns 
were returned to their owners. 

On the 20th of September, four citizens of Macomb, the 
capital of McDonough County, 111., arrived at Nauvoo as a 
committee from their city to ascertain whether the Latter-day 
Saints still intended to leave the Slate in the spring, accord- 
ing to their former proposition to the mob under command of 
Levi Williams. They were replied to by the First Presidency 
of the Church, who met in council, to the effect that the 
Saints weie under no obligations to leave, according to the 
stipulations of that proposition, as the terms of it were not 
acceeded to by the mobbing party; still, they would not hesi- 
tate to leave, as proposed, if the people of the surrounding 
Counties would, by their influence, assist them in disposing of 
their property, and staying their unwarranted and Vexatious 
lawsuits, which were continually being brought against them. 
If the Saints could have the assurance of peace for a short 
time, they would devote their time to preparing to remove, 
ami they would not only leave the State, but remove so lar 
away that their peculiar religious tenets need not furnish the 

I pie of Illinois any pretext for further complaint. They 

stated, also, that they were willing to buy out the citizens 

who were opposed to them, if that would suit them, ami the 
Saints and their friends could be left, in full and peaceable 
possession of the County. A. W. Babbitt, l>aniel II. Wells 
ami E. A. Bedell were then appointed a committee to return 
home with those from Macomb, und confer with the citizens 
of thai place in regard to the terms proposed. 




After waiting from the 18th to the 20th for a reply from the 
assembled mob commanded by Levi Williams, the sheriff and 
a part of his force started for the place where they were 
encamped, determined to arrest or rout them. They had not 
proceeded far, however, when they learned that the whole 
force of the mob had fled and crossed the Mississippi to 
Missouri. 

Since the party engaged in burning property at Bear Creek 
were fired upon, no cases of house-burning had occurred; yet 
it was evident that the mob were not content with what they 
had done, for they were reported in different parts trying to 
rally their iorces to commit further outrages. 

On the 23rd, fifteen of the leading Elders of the Church 
were summoned to appear at Carthage for trial on the charge 
of treason. The next day they proceeded to Carthage, 
accompanied by President Young and others. The witness 
against them, on whose testimony the warrant was issued, 
was a Dr. Backman, who, on being sworn in court, stated 
that he was not acquainted with the prisoners, and that he, 
personally, knew nothing against them ; but that he made 
affidavit on the strength of the rumors in circulation, and 
that he believed them guilty. It was clearly evident that 
there was no foundation for the charge, except in rumor, and 
the prisoners were discharged. 

This is a fair sample of the charges for arrest and trial by 
which the Saints were being continually harrassed. A person, 
as in this case, totally unacquainted with the men against 
whom he made oath, except by false rumors, believed that 
they were guilty of treason, and on his making affidavit to 
this effect, fifteen of them must be arrested and appear for 
trial. 

While at Carthage, the party visited the jail, the scene of 
the late martyrdom of the Prophet and Patriarch. The stains 
of blood, yet fresh on the floor, where Hyrum Smith fell and 
breathed his last, told a solemn tale of that most cruel tragedy 
which had robbed a people of the leaders whom God had 
chosen, and a nation of two of the noblest men and best 
citizens that ever lived. There, too, were the bullet holes 
in the wall, showing the wicked strife which had attended the 
shedding of the blood of the Lord's anointed. Carthage now 
wore a desolate aspect, many of the inhabitants having 
removed to other parts. The scene within and without the 
jail must have been extremely gloomy to those men as they 
there contemplated the acts of their relentless enemies, who, 
not content with slaying those men who were dearer to them 
than their own lives, now sought to kill them also. 

The committee sent to Macomb to attend the meeting of the 
citizens of that place, returned without accomplishing much. 
On their arrival there, they found the people excited and 
hostile in the extreme. They were threatened with violence 
until it was not considered prudent for them to venture out of 
doors. Such was the feeling of animosity, towards, not only 
the Saints, but also those who were thought to favor them ; 
for two of the members of this committee — Daniel II. Wells 
and E. A, Bedell — were not at that time connected with the 
Church. They were unable to confer with the people in mass 
meeting, but watched from an upper window the movements 

ami heard the threats of the rabble below. They were finally 

advised by a committee thai their only safety depended on 
their immediate departure from the town. They accordingly 
returned without accomplishing the object I'm' which they 
were sent. 

The people "I' the State were now fairly aroused lo a sense 

of what was transpiring in Hancock County ami the surround 



m 



as 555 



124= 



crTJ-VEnsriLE instructor, 




ing districts. The citizens of Quincy, the capital of Adams 
County, who had on a previous occasion shown much friend- 
ship for the Saints, held a public meeting to consider what 
should be done, and appointed delegates to wait upon the 
citizens of Nauvoo and learn the facts in relation to then- 
proposition to leave the State. The delegates from Quincy 
arrived at Nauvoo on the 24th. A council was called, com- 
posed of the leading men of the city, and propositions were 
submitted similar to those given the committee from Macomb. 
The committee from Quincy acknowledged that the propo- 
sitions, if carried out in full faith, ought to be satisfactory to 
all concerned. Yet they thought, all things considered, that 
something more unconditional would have to be offered by the 
Saints before peace could be secured for them. 
(To be Continued.) 



LETTER FROM THE SOUTH. 



George's Camp, Jones Co., 

Mississippi, April 3, 1SS2. 
Readers of tJie Juvendc Instructor, 

Dear Ltrri.E Brothers and Sisters: — How 
swiftly the time flies! How quickly the days and weeks pass 
away! It seems but a short time since I wrote to you before, 
but my letter has found its way back to me printed in the 
INSTRUCTOR When I remember how glad I used to be to see 
a letter in the Instructor from some of the Elders out in the 
world, who could tell us about the countries they were in and 
what was going on there, anything that I can do now to 
interest and instruct you, to help you to become wiser and 
better, gives me great pleasure. 

Spring has come ! The trees are putting on a new dress of 
green leaves! Wild flowers in almost endless variety surround 
us on every side, cheering the eye with their beauty and filling 
the air with their swept fragrance. All nature rejoices, 
especially the birds, whose merry songs fill the air from early 
dawn till — yes till dawn again, for there are some that prefer 
the night to sing in, if the noise they make may be called 
ringing, but when two or three owls get together the sound 
they produce is mure like that of a crowd of jolly boys having 
a good laugh, than anything else I have ever heard. 

But there is a singing bird here, called the whip-po-wil, that 
often sings all night long. This bird is always a welcome 
visitor to the farmer. When he comes they can begin plant- 
ing cotton, for it is said, there is no more danger of frost 
after the whip-po-wil returns from his winter home still 
farther south. 

There are a great many birds that sing in the daytime, but 
most prominent among them i- the nun-king bird, who whistles 
and sings the whole day through, and, like the whip-po-wil, 
apt iii- the moonlight nights in singing also. This bird has no 
song of his own, but, as his name indicates, spends his time 
singing the Bongs of other birds, and so great are his powers 
of imitation, that it is often said of him, "he can sing the 
songs of other birds better than the birds themselves can sing 
them." 

Nu doubt many of my little friends will think, "< )h, what a 
happy country! How I would like to be there 1" Yes, in 
some respects it is a beautiful country; yet every place has 
its disadvantages, too, for while we are listening to the delight- 
ful songs of the birds, we can also amuse ourselves hunting 



ticks or fleas, and fighting gnats or mosquitoes, these pests 
being far more numerous than the birds. 

My little friends, there are many people in this world just 
like the mocking bird : they spend their whole lives in trying 
to imitate somebody else in whatever they do or say. Now, 
this is wrong. We ought to listen to the teachings of good 
men and women, and read good books, and in that way fill 
our minds with useful knowledge. We should then use the 
powers of reason that God has blessed us with to make the 
knowledge thus gained our own. Nor should we forget to 
pray to our Father in heaven for wisdom to use the knowledge 
we gain day by day for the benefit of His work here on the 
earth. 

Hear little friends, let me entreat you to be upright, be 
truthful, he honest, be sober, be kind, be diligent, be studious, 
be obedient, not because somebody else is, but because it is 
required of us by the teachings of God, through His servants 
the prophets in both ancient and latter days, and because it is 
right to be so. 

. By doing these things, we will grow up to be honorable men 
and women in God's kingdom. That we may all be able to 
accomplish this, is the earnest desire of 

Your brother in the gospel. 
S. D. M. 



TOPICS OF THE TIMES. 



A POINT OF ORDER WELL TAKEN. 



AS the readers of the Juvenile Instructor will in a few 
years be active men aud women on the stage of life, the 
Editor thinks it of importance that they should be informed 
upon matters of current history connected with our people. 
One of the difficulties which presents itself in carrying out 
this idea is to bring the subject in such simple, plain language 
to the understanding of the readers that they can comprehend 
it. The Editor will, however, do ihe best he can. in the time 
that he has to make every point as plain as possible 

Just now there is considerable interest taken in what is 
known as the Edmunds bill, and our attention is called to it 
by the publication in to-day's Congressional Record (April 4,* 
1882) of the following Messaie of President Arthur: 

"The President pro tempore laid before the Senate the fol- 
lowing message from the President of the United States; 
which was referred to the Committee on Appropriations, aud 
ordered to be printed : 
■"/'<, fin Senate and House of Representatives: 

"I transmit herewith for the consideration of Congress a letter 
from the Secretary of the Interior, in which he sets forth the 
necessity which will exist for an appropriation for the payment 
of the commissioners to be appointed under the recent act of 
Congress entitled 'An act to amend section 5352 of the Revised 
Statutes of the United States in reference to bigamy, and for 

other purposes ;' and also for the payment of the election officers 

to be appointed by said commissioners 

"In this com tion I submit to Congress that, in view of the 

important and responsible duties devolved upon the commission- 
ers under this act, their compensation at $3,000 per annum, as 
provided therein, should be increased to a sum not less than 
$5,000 per annum. 

Such increased compensation, in my judgment, would secure 
a higher order of ability in the persons to be selected, and tend 
in >re effectually to cai ry out the objects of the act. 

"CHESTER A. ARTHUR. 

"ExRI OTIVE .Mansion, A/nil :!, IHS'2." 



isy* 



..V 



7s. 




CTTTAriEItTIEI-jIE UsTSTBTJCTOB, 



125 





The Congressional Record is issued every morning by the 
government, for the use of members of the Senate and of the 
House of Representatives of the United States. A large 
number of copies are also bound at the end of the season to 
be kept as files of the proceedings. The proceedings of each 
day are taken down by short-hand reporters, and are printed 
in the Record, which appears the next morning. As it may 
interest our little readers to know how this is done, we will 
describe the method which prevails in the House of Repre- 
sentatives. There is a corps of short-hand writers number- 
ing five. When the session opens, these five reporters are in 
their seats, and it is so arranged that one of them commences 
taking down all that is said and done, and writes for probably 
ten or fifteen minutes, according to circumstances, making 
what is known by the profession as a "turn." He then stops, 
and the second commences where he leaves off, and so on, one 
after another. In the meantime, the first reporter has 
repaired to the official reporter's room, where there are a 
number of young men known as "writers out," and to one of 
these he reads off his notes or "turn," which is taken by the 
"writer out" in short-hand and afterwards copied into long- 
hand ready for the printers. As the reporter who has taken 
the first "turn" has thus disposed of his notes, he returns to 
the House, takes his seat, and is ready to take his turn again 
when it comes around to him. In this way the entire pro- 
ceedings are reported, and so quickly is the work done, that 
in a very few minutes after the session c oses, the official 
(House) reporter's work is finished, except there should be 
a revision required of a certain speech. Members who make 
remarks can have them to look over and correct if they choose 
to do so, and sometimes when they want to be very careful, 
they will keep their speeches out of the Record for one day 
or for several days. But wheu the Congrcssi'oiud Record is 
made up for binding, it is so arranged that the speeches which 
are thus kept out appear in their proper place, that being a 
separate edition from the one which appears every morn- 
ing. 

This message of President Arthur's is upon the subject of 
the Edmunds bill, which is now a law, having passed the 
Senate and the House, and having been signed by the Presi- 
dent. Senator Edmunds, of Vermont, introduced the bill 
into the Senate very soon after Congress met. Hence, it is 
called by his name; it will be known in history as the 
"Edmunds bill," and whatever credit or discredit there is in 
it will attach to him ; for whether he framed it or not, he is 
responsible for it. He would need no help to get up such a 
law, as he has the credit of beiug a subtle man and a shrewd 
lawyer; and he has such a high opinion of his own judgment 
that he would never question the propriety of any act that he 
decided ought to be done, or hesitate at using any means in 
his power to reach the object he had in view. 

When this bill was on the Senate calendar, and before i( 
came up for discussion, our delegate had interviews with a 
Dumber of senators respecting it. In every instance but one 
niiiimg those whom he saw, they agreed that it was a harsh 
measure and was not suitable legislation. But because of the 
popular clamor and pressure which was being brought to bear 
on Congress from all parts of the United Slates they did nut 
dare to oppose it. Many of them admitted that they believed 
the people of I Mali were not understood, and thai they were 
: , bettei people than reported to be. Bui they could not 
I tht! tide that was sweeping over the country in relation 
to the "Mormons." 



Senator Edmunds made no such admissions as these in the 
conversation had with him. Nearly two hours were spent in 
discussing the bill and the condition of the people of Utah 
from various points of view. But he was inflexible. He knew 
that he was in a position to secure this legislation, and he was 
determined that it should be made law, and that, so far as he 
and Congress had the power, plural marriage should be broken 
up and the influence of what he termed the theocracy 
destroyed in Utah. He was like a block of ice — cold, hard 
polished, and no appeal had the least effect upon him. His 
attention was called to the condition of affairs in the District 
of Columbia. He was told that there was no law in that 
District against fornication or adultery ; that it was common in 
the City of Washington for newly-born babies to be found on 
vacant lots where they had been thrown by their inhuman 
parents; that as inany as three of these had been published 
in one issue of a daily paper as having been thus found, 
probably within twenty-four hours ; also it was publicly 
charged, as he must be aware, that immorality prevailed in 
that city to a dreadful extent. Congress having the right to 
legislate for the District of Columbia, to enact laws against 
evils that existed in it, he was asked why attention was not 
paid to such a shocking condition of affairs as this. 

It will strike our readers that Senator Edmunds might find 
room for the exercise of his zeal and skill as a legislator at 
home, instead of framing and urging the passage of a law 
against the people of Utah Territory, two thousand five 
hundred miles distant — a people of whose true condition he 
really knows nothing, and who are not guilty of immorality, 
unless it be immoral to obey the law of God and follow the 
example, in marrying, of the friend of God, and other holy 
men who lived in ancient days But while he ought to have 
winced at the allusions to the District of Columbia and been 
ashamed of that which was being committed under his very 
nose, he could not be induced to change his purpose. He was 
asked if, under his bill, when it became law, adulterers could 
be punished. "No;" he said, "sporadic cases of adultery 
would not be punished by it." It was only where parties 
lived together as husband and wife that the bill would 
reach them, and then it would only reach the man if he was 
already married. So you see that Senator Edmunds is not 
anxious to stop wickeduess. His object is to keep Latter-day 
Saints from marrying. If his zeal was against wickedness, 
the shocking condition around him would claim all his atten- 
tion. He would be so concerned about the beam in his own 
eye that he would not have time to be meddling with l be 
imaginary mote in the eye of his neighbor. 

As our leaders know, the bill passed the Senate. There 
were some senators bold enough to oppose it. They may 
believe our system of marriage to be wrong, and not so good 
as theirs; but they would not trample upon the Constitution 
and the principles of liberty to give it a blow. Certainly 
such men must have the approval of their own conscience. 

and this is a great pleasure to n true man; and in the great 

future which awaiN all mankind, they will get their reward. 
As we can not complete our sketch of "The I'oi ill of Order" 

iii this number, we shall stop here, and in our next number 
continue the subject. 



Till', body is the shell of the soul, and dress the husk of 
that shell: but the husk often tells what the kernel is. 



*<£f<& 



W ±2G 



CTUYBI^ILE IUSTBTJOTOE. 




8= 


s.a 


~ 




o 


EJ-g 


> 


a" 
o 


g o 


re 




~ 






00 


S-3 


re 






cr - z,. 




a-.H 


< ... co 
°> a 5' 


— 


^H 


eo 


i^ 


2r 




• 


_ 


a 


c o 
o o o 

^ — ■ £ 


O 

SO 
Q 




re re- ■ 


























Z IX *i 




§ 


y 


O r* r 


> 
z 




|fl 




o 


o 


i — ?! 


— . -» 




ro 


£ 


■— T? — 


z 


- - 

- a 


-<: 3 £' 




3 

a 
c 


- 


5 g*§ 

.z y. z. 


jZ 




tr* do -, 




c 




JT" c"*" 


«- 


7- ELL 
IX 

a 


2 c oc, 

;i.e 

- re ^ 

re 50 

IPC 




93. 
5' 

3 




c*- 3- Kj, 


o 

D 

C 
















o 


re re"7- 




pr 

X 




£ 3 3' 


5' 


5 




ffl 




re '- X 
— < x 

5 S sr- 


5- 

CD 




— :o 




< 




5 c re 








re 


— -i 


- 


~3 








V. 
















r_ 


~ 


rt 


-_■ 






z~ 


— ■ 
















< 
























ct 


C 


ir 




















































— 


- 


M 


z 


















- 


r= 


-- 


qq 


rx 


- 




'- 










- 


a 


v. 


= 


r 


- 




PT - 



CC '/- — 



- X- 



~r. (r 



: o c 









V - 

i; - 



— 


rr 












/ X 














" 


'/.— 


— 


— - j; 










3 


- V- 



' : _ -- 



— 2 - 






L. / 


- 


a 


' — 






















x 










c. y 




















V 




. ~ 


S 


7 ' 



BK22£s: 






. Pf. 



7 *< o- 



o ■ 

a.- 



o " 



> 



ic — i— ti — -; " kj be bo 

■ lZ re~. CC X tC -'C-IOQ"C W-l**-J W 3t ht-- 1 • ■ 



2 I l .y ^, fT -^ -] ■_; ^7i lH li ^. - 1 -I - I li V OT in « ^1 00 C". LC I ■"»' Te««ll«P«, 

tn I tc i ■ re. -"i I i w w ire. re- - 1 — ;-it;i«»Ci8--wC4-oi 



' I Nu. >,i Sehoolfl Itepurted. 

Nil. of Sehoola nul 
Kaportml. 

No. of Mule Offir.T* 
uiitl Teachers. 

I Bfo> of Female OWeere 



ic I h- ' b3 •— li Caj ti M , [ 

li 4- i ' ~ 4- i ■ -i: i- I i ic iJ' O 4^ Ci I— ■*- W 4^ CO W CO O" •— 

~ I i' li i' V- i' i' X JiQOl I JCC-I CT> mO'-2>-«^'I'" 1 

re. I wi i--"U*-och.^mm »„ttKSS2t;rSl 

ic i— — v: li i: 4- li y. -^ r.c-.ciilo«BCOoc i^ — T li „ 1 

I-. I 4- -i — i' -i y; — re. -i li -i 4- i— ~ 4 4- i— h- i— li re. 4- i— — I 

f° I . ^ . Average attendance, 

"jC I lii' ^ Li iO Oi 1-^ CO li I — 

„ cj x J, i - 1 i; i; - 7. c ^ oc c Li co re- c»-ih oo w OIHnrs mini Teaehera. 

re; I -re i- -i X li 4- -re i' -i 4- »— co co o co li ^- ^f li ^ -i — o co -i I 



and Teaehora 



Total No. of lllllccrs 
niul Tearbers. 



CO 



i— li 



' CO 



0- li — CO CO 4 1 1C — li — ' CO 

._ :: v- re. — y. / r: c: — y — co 

Li I C C C C-t re. LC 4 1 li O' - I I i C' c: 4- 



bo w lc x ess oo fco *a 



ri I o> — ic Z^ y - — y > = -; r y ■- w y - r- c; oi -m lc h- <x c . 

■ ' * •■■ :: 4. h - -I ~ 4- i — ' _ L«- 4- 4— I 



- 1 






I 



:c c; c ic c; 4- re. 4- — li li li 4- £ w li 'co^ao 
•c 4- co 4- c; c -re y -re - 1 ii y tre o 4- x -J x -re; 4- co li co co co 
~l t7 -1 5; -1 — c co ii -1 4- re; re; 4- O re> Co re. x cc in 4- Co -4 o C I 



5SI 



tc 



"ISO 



— c. re. -1 re. - 1 -re c; re. li c w in -^ — 4- -1 4> x re' on 90 w 

— •- — c. y_ .— .— re; -1 -1 -1 y » — J — -1 cr. co c co -re co 4* -i 4- c-- 
ol C'-ic fc-i-i-iiirec-uccc;re^-ic'4--reonc; - 4-4-1 



No. of Male PupllB. 



No. of Female Pnutla. 



Total \o. of PoplU, 



-i'—'—"— *- li *- re. 1— ' co en 



I 



Average iUandanea, 
y 4- O en X I PoplU. 

1- re. — co c; 4- 1 c 1 c are 1 c re. - 1 — co co co co •— - 1 co x li re- 4-- — ; co 
c II c 1 4- c ■ y r, y — li 4- ~ li - 1 4- re- in li 4- 4- 4- li re. _ x ji -re I 

re li c — — Co --I _— i *"^ .t - total No, of OKIeera, 

1< ^- "re —4 4^ —4 x— ' re. 1 ■ re. en — f^re; ti o< x re- ere >— x -J c. ■ Teaehen and Poplla. 

on \ ■- i- re re. 4- c 1 4- -re re. - 1 c ■ 4- x 1 c re; -re c 4- >— re; in 4- -re co x 
— I -re j 1 4- c x x re. — 4- re. re; a to w -o w o -J <p » »_»' 

~ _ _ HK _— I No. Theological I las-en. 

-i ic li — 4- re- li — co re. H li co 4- -re co in -re in p— ' 4- i> I 

~7 — ^_ i t No. IliMe and Toewueat 

— — co li rei i— 4- I , ,„_„_ 



re- -1 — co li li c; c; X 4- li li li — — co ic _. — f , ,„„,.. 

— -re-ire-re4-icc' i-i-re 14~ w o^oom <—i 

c. 1 _ - I No. Book of Mormon 

I —I iO in — ' — >— — re- li CO t>J I- 4 I'liihsi.s 

-Til — to — 4^; i -re re. -re x -re c-i-io. 4- -i c i. re. i' _ *- I 

No. p.. . nin. imd 

^ ... .... - . . * . . -.. _ i 1 Covenant* Clame*. 



- I — 



■ ti p— li re. i- - 1 y -re — 4- co — c: lc c- i- - 1 re- ^- co - 1 I 



j No. Juvenile laitructor 

4- I i re. 4- - CO 4- ^ - C; - Li - - 4- -.1 £ 4- li CO I ' '»--'- • 

i — > io i — No. i'uli-i'l.Kui i'lnsKt'-H. 



— IC i — 'I- •— • No. Mheolliuieou- CUu 

~ 4- C I i 4- — ■- — -' 4- 4- v: 4- — i« 10 CO - I LC X IO -I 

- i 14 -• -^ ^- -— -i c ~ ~ -.r c; * 4- -i r- m — X c c en -> tyi »— I 



- 








i;. 




j_ 






_ 


_ 


ic tn 












i_. 


;-.-. 


tc 




u— I 


■loin 


No 


flu 


M-s. 










• ■ 


- 1 




/- 


/ 




/ 


-i c 






-j co ic m o 




Ca O 


LC 


C7< 4- 1 












14 


— 


'C 


Li 


li 


— 




.,' 


4- 4- y, - 1 


~ 


'• 


- 4- X 4- _ X 


C 


— ' 


4- _ 


Oc I 










£ 








!,*, 




,. 










i i .-, 












,_ 


to 


_ 




i 










_ 








i;. 




y 


4- 


_ 


- 1 


- 1 


— 4- 4- IC 


, _, 


Q5 





eo 


7— 


to 


^ 


4- 


No. Ito 


III 




rnr). 


~ 


,f 








■"■ 


.'.' 




-" 


— 


; .; 




IC 


- i 


C> IC 




IC 


— 


— 


;,; 


- 




















— 


-- 


i ; 




~ 


— 


- 


_' — 


— 


"- 


y j: 


■- 




- 


. . 


„ 


4- 1 











y y. 4-a< 



^ \ml. ..I Km.. Is on Him..., 

IC "— C« CC CO OO 
- C IC C — C J- t-inl of ItMl ifiir. 






-, , . ~r ™ 7T . -- r l . v '- '^ I Uaount »i i-himK.oI- 

» MOCT — ' x - > - 1 4- -,, > . : -_ 

co a, 4- *c co cc - 1 leeted. 






: J 


- i 


— / ~-llC4-4-r.C'-IIC-C— — 

~. ~. — y 4- :. c i c c« - i - i - i / u 

tCC-ICCf J -« - 1 - l s 31 IC 

-ix ~ - 1 3 4- y. — r c c - r: r. r. - 1 


— CO 4^ ■— IC IC 

— 4- c: IC -- — Cr- 
OC 4* -— Co rf-^OC cC 

5 - 1 C - ~ ' C' 4- 


Amount <»r tiiutK Dli* 
bened. 


| : 


- 


IC C' 

-i-i;y.-;- •; ~ — on 
r i::;-r: r. X — c • y_ - i - 1 - i 


C IC y C- y, 4- CO 

:i;-i~co'0' 


A muii nl i.f food. In 
Tri-nhiirj. 





















■ - --0--7 « — -~^>- — -^ 
— * — 'i -* - -*, — " - 

:' g- r | r '<| 



O -1 ^ 



T 

I 

T 



0) 

c| 



> s 



H 



IS 

- (I) 

80 



H 




H 

cl 

% 

H 





Ki 

H 

r> 



H 


et 




JTJYE1TILE IUSTEUCTOR. 



127 




,-j i 



THE LITTLE MILLWRIGHT. 



"Hur-kah ! Look at my wheel !" says the 
boy in the pic-ture, as he swings his hat 
and points to a wheel that is turn-ing in 
the stream that runs by the house. 

His moth-er and two lit-tle sis-ters are 
look-ing out at the win-dow, and the lit- 
tle girls seem to think it quite won-der- 
ful that their broth-er should be able to 




make such a wheel. In-deed, it is ver-y 
cred-it-able for such a lit-tle boy. And 
yon may de-pend up-on it, he feels proud 
of liis suc-eess. He prob-a-bly feels a 
lit-tle like Rob-crt Ful-ton did when he 
saw his first steam-boat mak-ing its way 
up the llud-son l!iv-er a-gainst the stream 
and wind: or like George Steph-en-soD, 
the in-vent-or of the lo-co-mo-tive, did, 
when his en-gine. the "Rock-et," made its 
firsl trip; <>r like Pro-fes-sor Morse, the 



in-vent-or of the e-lec-tric tel-e-graph, 
did, when he re-ceived his first mes-sage 
over the wire. 

The moth-er is proud of the boy, too, 
as she looks at the wheel and listens to 
his shout of joy. She per-haps looks for- 
ward to a time when her boy will be a 
great in-vent-or, and when his name will be 
sound -ed all 'over the world on ac-count 
of his ge-ni-us. And who knows but this 
may be the case ! Man-y of the great-eet 
in-vent-ors and most in-ge-ni-us me-chan- 
ics have made just such small be-gin- 



nings. 



Ge-ni-us in chil-dren is gen-er-al-ly 
shown in some such way as this. And 
if a boy has a taste for me-chan-ics, if he 
likes to make ma-chines, and build hous-es 
and such things, he should be en-cour- 
aged. He should stud-y draw-ing and learn 
to make his mod-els up-on pa- per.' The 
boys who be-long to the pri-ma-ry as-so- 
ci-a-tions have a good chance to show 
what they can do. They can have what 
they make put in the pri-ma-ry fairs, and 
if they do real well in mak-ing things 
they will get priz-es. 

We hope all our lit-tle read-ers be-long 
to the pri-ma-ry as-so-ci-a-tions, and that 
they will do their best to make such 
things as are worth show-ing. We hope 
also, that they will go on and im-prove 
their tal-ents un-til they be-come good and 
use-ful and great men andwo-men. 



The pins used in the United States are made by fourteen 
factories, chiefly in New England. Their annual production 
I'm- several years past has been about 7,000,000,000 pins. The 
importations of English pins are small, and the exportation of 
pins from the United States are confined to Cuba, South 
America and Canada. England supplies almost the whole 
world outside the United States. 



Let the faults of others be a mirror to thee of thine own. 





128 



JUVEITILE IITSTE/TJOTOB, 



BESSIE FAIR. 



By E. S. Horne. 




±fc=5=. 



tc=i 



zfe=rjs=l*=&L 



=*c 



-I* &- 



:*=*--i=d* 



4«= 



-£ — ps — &_,£. 



:*=■=:■»: 



There was a lit - tie las - sie, Her name was Bes - sic Fair, She was her mother's 




=2=3= 



—n 1- 



^==fc 



-I 1- 



:«j=^=j* 



9- m>' 91- 



■ fr a— g- 

=>==£== 



-* P f> ■— I 

=1 3—3* =|=L^ q_ : 

-* 1 — ^ — i -- 



:*: 




=fcq== 



=£=1!i=-*==*r 



— •»- 



-* — *- 



^=fc£ 






«7~ 



daT - ling, For she did not •'bang" her hair; She tho't it was not prct - ty, And her moth - er said'"Tis 



=T«— 3- 



-=4—1 — I — 1- 

_*» mm 



m m g- 

»■ *- $ 



:=!==i!5====*=3===J*=] 

9- 9- -*- -m- -m- 



_>- 



a*= 5=3*==,: 



=*=q=a|=j: 



=t" 



5i 



11= 



_2: 



r * := i: 
=1== 



^ 



^ 



*=== 



=]£ 



=s=]fc 



=£ 



true." 




How man - v are there here to -day Who tru - ly think so 

=£= 



too? 



m — m — m — 
m — m — m — '- 



i=f 



-£==4= 



=^=5= 



—m — m- 

i 9 



iii 



=jt 



=4=3= 



-=f 



She'd neither paint nor powder, 

Nor friz her flowing hair ; 
She was a perfect model — 

Was my pretty Bessie ['air — 
Of a lady kind and gentle, 

And a daughter good and true. 
How many arc there here to-day 

\\ ho truly are so too? 

She never would be guilty 
< >C usim.' any slang, 

She thoiiL'ht it unbecoming, 
Quite ;i~ much as 'twas to "bans 

She never would be idle, 
\"t when work there was to do. 

Bow many arc there here to-day 
W ho truly arc BO too? 

Ai Sabbath school you'd find her, 
W itli lessons well prepared ; 

She'd neither mince nor simmer, 
When her duty was declared; 



With modest grace and manners, 
She would stand up firm and true. 

How many are there here to-day 
Who'd truly do so too? 

She was not vain nor haughty, 

But simple, modest, kind; 
Her judgment was nut faulty, 

But well-stored her thoughtful mind 
With wisdom's richest treasures — 

Many oft were brought to view. 
How many are there here to-day 

Who truly are so too? 

Her father and her mother 

Could trust her anywhere; 
They knew she'd ne'er disgrace them 

Once, by "putting on an air." 
If you would be like Bessie, 

You must keep this rule in view: 
Let modesty anil worth proclaim 

The wealth that's stored in you. 



■1 



^ 




