THE MEN 




NO. 4. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, FEBRUARY 15, 1866. 



VOL 1. 



^attnj. 



JUVENILE 



[For tlie Juvenile Instructor. 
EVENING HYMN. 



BY E. E. SNOW. 

Our Heavenly Father we will sing 

To Thee a hymn of praise: 
Accept our evening offering, 

And hear our childish lays. 

If, in the day that's past and gone, 

We did Thy Spirit grieve; 
We, in the name of Thy dear Son, 

Do pray Thou wilt forgive. 

We thank Thee for the tender care 
That watched life's infant thread; 

Else, we had now been sleeping where 
The tombstone marks the dead. 

We thank Thee for the food*ve eat . 

And for the clothes we wear: 
We thank Thee that our pulses beat 

In this pure mountain air. 

And when we lay us down to rest, 
We pray Thee, safely keep; : 

And through this night may we be blest 
With sweet, refreshing sleep. 

And when the morn salutes the skies, 

With life and vigor blest, 
May we, with gratitude arise, 

And thank Thee for our rest. 

We praise Thy name that we were born 
In days when prophets live, 

And pray that we may never sco n 
The counsels they shall give. 

Prolong our lives, in righteousness 

The path of life to tread, 
And in Thy kingdom, work, to bless 

The living and the dead. 



56iiigrapjji}. 



JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. 

(continued;) 



We described the conversation of the messenger 
to Joseph in the last number. Before that conver- 
sation was ended, and while the messenger was yet 
talking about the plates, Joseph saw in vision the 
place where they were buried. It was shown to 
him so clearly that he knew the place again when 
he afterwards went there. 

When the messenger had done speaking, the 
light in the room began to gather around him. At 
the moment when the room was left dark, except 
around him, Joseph saw a channel Or passage open 
right up into heaven, and the messenger ascended 
up until he entirely disappeared. The room was 
then left as it was before the heavenly light filled it. 

This heavenly messenger visited Joseph twice 
more during the night 4 and repeated each time that 
which he had told him during his first visit to him. 
Besides, he told him about great judgments which 
were coming upon the earth, with famine, war and 
sickness, and that these grievous things would 
come on the earth in this generation. 

Joseph himself and his' father's family were poor, 
and the messenger warned him that Satan would 
try and tempt him to get the plates with a view to 



become rich, through them. He said to Joseph 
that he must have no other object in view in getting 
the plates than to glorify God, and no other motive 
but to build up God's kingdom, or he could not get 
the plates. 

It was nearly daylight when the messenger left 
him the third time. His conversations with Joseph 
had lasted through the whole night. We see by 
this, how necessary it was that Joseph should be 
fully taught by the Lord before he commenced the 
great work the Lord had for him to do. 

When Joseph went to his labor the next day as 
usual, he found that he could not work as he did at 
other times. His strength had left him. His 
father, who was with him, saw that he was weak, 
and told him to go home. In trying to cross a 
fence, on his way to the house, his strength entire, 
ly left him, and he fell helpless to the ground, and 
for a time was unconscious of anything. The first 
thing he recollected, when he came to himself, was 
a voice calling him by name. He looked up, and 
saw .the same heavenly messenger standing over 
his head, surrounded by light as before. Once 
more he related to Joseph all that he had told him 
the previous night, and he told him to go to his 
father and tell him of the vision and command- 
ments he had received. 

Joseph obeyed the messenger and returned to his 
father in the field, and told him all. His, father did 
not feel as others had about his vision. He did not 
mock him and tell him that the things which he 
had heard were of the Devil; but he told Joseph 
that that which had been shown unto him was of 
God, and to go and do as the messenger had com- 
manded. Joseph then went to the place where he 
had been tc*lcl the plates were btaried. He knew 
the place the moment he saw it, as it had been 
shown to him in vision. The plates were buried 
in a hill close to the village of Manchester, On- 
tario County, New York, where Joseph then lived. 
This hill was called Cumorah by the Nephites, and 
Ramah by the Jaredites, so the Book' of Mormon 
informs us. The plates were in a stone box, the 
top of which, beiug .rounding, could be seen above 
the ground in the centre. When Joseph had re- 
moved the earth from around the stone which cov- 
ered the box, he raised it up with -a lever, and 
looked into the box and there beheld the plates and 
Urim and Thummim and the Breastplate. 

What a glorious privilege was this for Joseph to 
enjoy! For fourteen hundred years these precious 
things had remained concealed from the sight or 
knowledge of mdn. By the command of the-Lord they 
had been buried,and by His power they had been kept 
until now they were shown to Joseph. How thank- 
ful this boy must have felt to the Lord for listening 
to his prayers and accepting his faith and granting 
unto him such great favors as he had received! 

Upon seeing the plates and other things, Joseph 
stretched out his hand to take them out; but the 
messenger forbade him, and told him that the time 
for bringing them forth had not yet arrived. He 
told Joseph that four years must pass away before 
they could be obtained, and that he would have to 
come to that place precisely in one year from that 
time, and he would meet him there; and that he 
should do this every year until the four years 

should be ended. 



On the 22d of September of each year Joseph 
went there as he had been directed, and always 
found the same messenger there to meet him. At 
those meetings Joseph received much instruction 
about the things the Lord was going to do, and 
also the manner in which His kingdom was to be 
conducted. On the morning of the 2 2d of Septem- 
ber, 1827, the messenger delivered the plates into 
his hands. 

We wish our little readers to understand that the 
plates, which the heavenly messenger gave unto 
Joseph, were of gold, and were covered with writing, 
engraved or cut upon them. They were buried in 
the ground about 420 years after the birth of Je- 
sus, by a prophet whose name was Moroni. He hid 
them there to keep them from the wicked. That 
book which you now call the Book o fMormon, was 
translated from those plates. It was arranged and 
written by the hand of Mormon. Mormon was a 
prophet of God, and the father of Moroni. Before 
his death he committed the plates to Moroni. 
(to be continued.) 

— «m »«B »^ 0— 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE BEAR. 




Some of our young readers may have seen bears 
for they are found in the mountains which surround 
these valleys, and sometimes they come down into 
the valleys where it is dangerous to meet them, 
But the bears that are seen here are not the same 
as the one in the illustration. • It is a black bear, 
and is found on various parts of this continent, 
called North America. There arc various kinds of 
bears. The white or polar bear is found away in 
the frozen north, often on large masses of ice; it is 
very large and very ferocious. Yet it shows great 
attachment to its young, and is very affectionate 
with its mates. The brown bear is another variety, 
and is found in the northern parts of Europe and 
America. There are several other varieties of 
bears in different parts of the earth, but none of 
them are more dangerous than the kind that is in 
these mountains, which is called the grizzly bear. 
It is very large, ferocious and difficult to kill. 
Some of our brethren have been killed by grizzly 
bears, particularly in Cache Valley. And great 
care has to be taken, when going to places where 
they are likely to be found, to be well armed and 
prepared for them. The following story about the 
white bear will, we hope, be interesting: — 

While the Carcase frigate, a number of years 
ago, was locked in the ice, away in the north, three 
bears were seen coming towards the ship, one morn- 
ing, on the ice. They proved to be a she bear and 
ber two cubs; but the cubs were nearly as large as 
the dam. The ship's crew threw great lumps of 
the flesh of a sea-horse upon the ice, which the 
old bear carried away singly, laying every lump 
before her cubs as she brought it, and dividing it 
gave each a share, keeping but a small portion for 



14 



■-'■j~*s*r^'*s*s-j~ y v -^ - 



herself. As she was fetching away tie last piece, 
the sailors shot both the cubs dead, and wounded 
her, but not mortally. Though she could but just 
crawl to the place where they lay, she carried the 
lump of flesli she had fetched away, and laid it be- 
fore them; and when she saw they would not eat, 
she laid her paws first upon one and then upon the 
other, and tried to raise them up, moaning piteous- 
ly. When she found they would not stir, she went 
off some distance, and looked back moaning. Find- 
ing they did not follow her, she returned and, 
smelling around them, began to lick their wounds. 
She crawled off a few paces a second time, looked 
behind her and stood moaning. Seeing they did 
not follow her she returned again, and, with signs 
of great fondness, went round pawing them and 
moaning. At last she raised her head towards the 
ship, and uttered a growl of despair, when the sail- 
ors shot her. She fell between her cubs, and died 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 

AN OCEAN STEAM-SHIP. 



licking their wounds. 



.«*r. ;i^ii 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

B E* SATISFIED. 



There are some little folks who are very fond of 
thinking that every body else is better off than 
they are. The little boy fancies that all his play- 
mates have better toys and playthings than he has. 
The little girl envies her friends, and fancies that 
every new doll, or dress, or hat that they have, is 
either prettier, or bigger, or better in some way or 
another than what she has. Then they fret or get 
sullen, and make themselves unhappy and cross 
about it, which is very foolish, as it does them no 
good, and does not make their friends and parents 
nor God, their Father in Heaven, love them any 
better. But perhaps they, by being naughty and 
disagreeable, make others cross and unhappy as 
well; while if they were contented with what they 
had, they would be cheerful and happy all the time, 
and people would love them and say, "What good 
children they are." 

Now, it is very often all fancy, and not true, that 
others have such better toys and dolls and other 
fine things than you\ have.. • Perhaps they may 
think the same of you, and be angry because you 
have some things they have not. This puts me in 
mind of a little story told me. by a lady who lives 
in this valley. When- she was a very little girl, 
she used to like to peep into the looking-glass, and 
see the image or reflection in the glass of what was 
in the room she was in; and what do you think she 
fancied? That she was looking through a kind of 
window into another room, and she used to want to 
get into that other room so badly, for she thought 
she could see such pretty nice things there, that she 
had not in the room she was in. When she grew 
older she found out that the very things she want- 
ed were just the things she had, and what she saw 
in the looking-glass was only the copy of what was 
in her mother's own room. 

You may think she was a-Silly little girl for not 
knowing better, but I am afraid a great many- are 
very much like her, and would find that the things 
they sometimes fret for, are no better than the 
things they already possess. It is much better to 
be satisfied with what we have, than to be always 
wishing for what we cannot get, as .when obtained, 
we would often find we had not gained much by the 
addition. Then, boys and girls, learn to be con- 
tented with what you have, and strive to be loved 
and respected, and happy all the day long. R. 
^ tig^a — . — 

The cup that is full will hold no more; keep 
your hearts full of good thoughts, that bad ones 
may not find room to enter. 

If you mean to be happy when old, be temper- 
ate when you are young. 



.-^r^^"^--^\ry,'\ 




This is a picture of a strain-ship, built to 
sail upon the seas and oceans, and to go from one 
distant land to another and carry passengers and 
freight. No doubt .many of the little readers of 
the Instructor will yet sail upon vessels like these 
in our picture, to foreign lands, as missionaries, 
to carry the gospel to people and nations that 
have not heard it. We hope they will so con- 
duct themselves when they are boys that, when 
they become young men, if any missionaries 
should be wanted, nobody can object to them, and 
say they are unfit to go. 

The Apostles and Elders who live now have great 
advantages over those who lived in former days, 
in being able to travel swiftly by the aid of steam 
on land and water. They can now travel thou- 
sands of miles in a very short space of time, and 
go to the most distant nations and tell them the 
good news that God has spoken from the heavens 
and restored His Church again, and spend but a 
little time on the journey. In the days of your 
grandfathers this could net be done. Some of 
your fathers can probably recollect when the first 
railroad was built to carry passengers. It was 
God who led men to make these discoveries, that 
His great work might be accomplished quickly. 

Our little readers can learn about Noah's Ark — 
the first ' vessel of which we have any account 
that was ever built — in the sixth and seventh chap- 
ters of Genesis. They can also read in the Book 
of Mormon about vessels the Lord commanded His 
servants to build to cross great oceans in. In the 
fifth chapter of the First Book of Nephi, 41st and 
42nd pages, we can read about Nephi's ship; and 
in the first chapter of the Book of Ether, 518th 
and 519th pages, we can read about the eight ves- 
sels built by the brother of Jared? 

We are told in the Book of Mormon how those 
vessels were moved. But the ships of early times 
were generally moved through the water by men 
rowing with oars. Some of the old war ships 
were moved with fifty oars; but others had, on one 
vessel, as many as five tiers or platforms, one above 
another on which three hundred-rowers sat to pull 
with their oars. But the most of vessels in those 
days were small and could not sail very fast. Even 
as late as 1492 two of the ships in which Colum- 
bus crossed the great ocean to discover America, 
were only fifty tons burthen, and had no decks, and 
were moved by oars and sails. How different to the 
vessels of these days! Those which now cross the 
Atlantic are like floating palaces, and are fitted up 

with almost every convenience that' can be obtain- 
ed on land. 

Robert Fulton, an American engineer, was the 
first man who successfully used steam for running a 
passenger and freight vessel. Others had tried it 
before him; but theyVere not successful. His boat 
ran on the Hudson river, between New York 
city and Albany, in the year 1807. In the year 



1819, the Savannah, also an American vessel, 300 
tons burthen, crossed fron* New York to Liver- 
pool in twenty-six days. She was the first steam- 
ship which ever crossed the ocean, and she returned 
the same year. What a small vessel she would 
be alongside of the Great Eastern — the largest steam- 
ship ever built — you will, perhaps, understand when 
we tell you that she is 24,360 tons burthen, and 
thirty-two feet longer than one of the blocks in 
Great Salt Lal^o City. . 

Steam-ships can now cross from New York to 
Liverpool in nine days and a few hours. 

This brief description of this important inven- 
tion should lead you to read more about it, and to 
talk with your parents and others about ships. 



■** 



A WORD TO LITTLE GIRLS. 



Who is lovely? It is that little girl who drops 
sweet words, kind remarks and pleasant smiles, as 
she passes along, who has a kind word of sympathy 
for every girl or boy she meets in trouble, and a 
kind hand to help her companions out of difficulty, 
who never scowls, never contends, never teases 
her mates, nor seeks in any other way to diminish, 
but always to increase their happiness. 

Would it not please you to pick up a string of 
pearls, drops of gold, diamonds and precious 
stones, as you pass along the streets? But these 
are the true pearls and precious stones which can 
never be lost. Take the hand of the friendless. 
Smile on the sad and dejected. Sympathize with 
those in trouble. Strive everywhere to diffuse 
around you sunshine and joy. If you do this, you 
will be loved. 

Dr. Doddridge one day asked his little girl why 
it was that everybody loved her? 

"I know not," she replied, "unless it be that I 
love everybody." 

This is the true secret of being beloved. "He 
that hath friends," says Solomon, "must show him- 
self friendly." Love begets love. If you love 
others, they can not help loving you. So, then, do 
not put on a scowl, and complain that nobody loves 
you. 

If nobody loves you, it is your own fault. 
Either you do not make yourself lovely by a sweet, 
winning temper, and kind, winning ways, or you 
do not love those of whom you complain. — [Anec- 
dotes of Girls. 



"9 C 

A Noble Boy. — A touching incident occured 
at a steamboat sinking, in the Missouri River, near 
St. Louis. Among the persons who were swept 
overboard, were a woman, and a boy about twelve 
years of age. A man on the steamer seeing the 
boy buffeting the waves just beyond the boat, 
threw him a rope, and called to him to take hold 
of it. The little fellow replied, "Never mind me, 
I can swim; save mamma." They were both 
saved. 



THE JUVENILIS INSTRUCTOR 



15 



■»."A'"/AV.'\A.'V 



.'\j"^\/ , w%^_--^r , w -v^,-v^^yv^-"^' 



."-'W'Vv'VWNA 



&§t Simnlh SnHtrurtnr. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, EDITOR. 



FEBRUARY 15, 1866 



THE BOY 



WHO WOULD 
CIABLE. 



BE SO- 



.panions should think you unsociable because you 

will not drink; never mind. Be firm, and refuse to 

put such stuff in your mouths. Never drink the 

first glass or drink. , No boy who wishes to be a 

faithful Latter-day Saint will trust himself to drink 

the first glass. 

^ «a» » 

$fmm front late . 



"Oh, Joe, why can't you take a drink, and be so- 
eiable. What's the use of being so prudish; one 
, drink won't hurt you.'' 

The speaker's name was Jacob. He was a boy 
just merging from boyhood into manhood, and the 
. one whom he addressed was about the same age. 
They were in company with a number of other 
young men, who were passing a bottle around, 
which, to judge by the smell and the wry faces 
they all made when they sucked it, contained 
something stronger than water. It contained 
whisky. 

The young man who tried to persuade the other 
to drink, was not in the habit of drinking liquor 
himself; but he was of a sociable, accommodating 
disposition, and when in the company of boys whose 
society he liked, if they drank whisky and pressed 

him to join them, he would not refuse — it would be 
so unsociable to do so. 

These two boys whom we have named, were inti. 
mate companions and friends, and were fond of one 
another's society. They were strong in the faith, 
were deeply attached to their religion and were 
proud of being Latter-day Saints; and both were 
desirous of becoming useful and reliable men. On 
one point only would they have any difference of 
feeling. Joe would not drink liquor, not even 
when his companions, whom he loved very much, 
called him unsociable for not doing so. But Jacob 
thought there was no harm in drinking occasional- 
ly. He did not care about liquor, he said, but 
then he liked to be sociable when he was with, the 
boys. And the boys thought him a good fellow; 
they were fond of his society, he was so smart and 
talented, and was not so religious that he could not 
drink whisky and have a good time once in a while. 

Poor Joe felt sometimes, when in their society, 
that he was in the way, and that they did not like 
him as well as they would have done had he drank 
with them. But he could not help it. He had 
chosen his course, and he would not change it, 
even if he lost the friendship of his companions, 
for he had never forgotten the teachings of his 
mother, and the word of God, that it was wrong to 
drink liquor; and that it was not proper in the 
sight of the Lord. 

Time wore on, and the boys became men. Joe 
still abstained from drinking; but Jacob found th^at, 
instead of drinking now to be sociable, he really 
drank it for the taste, which he had grown to like 
very much, and for the effect it had upon him. He 
had gone home drunk a number of times, to the 
great grief of his family and his own shame. It 
soon began to be whispered about that Jacob was 
a constant drinker. And then people who knew 
him, said to one another when his name was men- 
tioned, "what a pity that a young man, who might 
be so useful, should fall into such a dreadful habit." 

His friends pleaded with him, and told him that 
he must quit his drinking, , or he would ruin him- 
self. But he had gone too far. The habit he had 
formed was his master, and he sank under it, and 
became a drunkard. • 

Boys, this is a true story. Be warned by it. 
The Indians in the East call liquor "the white 
man's firewater P It sets men's and boys' brains on 
fire when they drink it. No matter if your com- 



THE 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

IV. 
MICROSCOPE. 



From the time that Christopher Columbus dis- 
covered a new world, the work of discovery went 
on until almost every spot on earth became more or 
less known to man, who, finding little left on our 
planet to discover, turned his searching' eye up- 
wards to the starry heavens,, and, assisted by skil- 
fully contrived instruments, opened another world 
tQ.,his admiring gaze. New suns appeared before 
him, he followed their motions; whole universes 
were seen stretching out in the far-off space, he 
tried to calculate their distance; new wonders re- 
vealed themselves, and he felt his littleness before 
the majesty and power of the Almighty Being who 
created and rules them according to His pleasure. 
Another world was yet left undiscovered, more 
manifold than the one Columbus found, and no less 
marvellous and immense than that which the teles- 
cope reveals to us over our heads. It is beneath, 
above and around us; it is in the bread we eat, the 
water we drink, the air we breathe, the ground we 
cultivate and in the flowers we love ; it has created 
continents and destroyed the mighty works of 
human skill. No railroad or steamboat leads us to 
it, but wherever we are we can behold some of its 
beauties through — the microscope. 

As this continent was hidden from the knowledge 
of man, until by the decree of God the time had 
arrived that it should be peopled by the Gentiles, 
so commenced the great discoveries of astronomy 
about the same time, and finally also, the micro- 
scope was invented only 100 years after Columbus. 
In the year 1590, the children of Zacharia Jansen, 
a spectacle maker in Holland, it is said; brought, in 
their play, two glass lenses accidentally together, 
and saw to their astonishment a great many things 
which they could not discern with the naked eye. 
The almost simultaneous opening of three new 
worlds to the knowledge and research of* man is a 
most significant fact, and is one of those undeniable 
testimonies, by which the great King of the world 
shows that He rules and controls the course of 
events and the destinies of the human race. 

There are a few grains of salt; look at them 
through the microscope, and behold the beautiful 
crystallization of each particle, every side as 
smoothly polished, as no artist with the finest in- 
struments could accomplish. Here I tried to catch 
a butterfly, but it escaped me and left some colored 
dust off its wings on my finger. The microscope 
tells me that that dust is composed of hundreds of 
little stars, balls and fans of every description. 
Here is a piece of moldy bread. Look at it 
through the microscope: what do you see? A whole 
forest with large trees resembling palms, bearing 
fruit like grapes ; shrubbery of great variety, with 
flowers of beautiful form and color, and, oh horror ! 
monstrous snakes crawling between them! Now, 
let us fiually watch that drop of water through our 
glass. It is yet clear and pure, but do you see at 
this place a little speck? It begins to move, it 
swims around, it bursts, and an animal with a large 
head like that of a crocodile, with feet and a long 
tail, comes out. There have some more animals of 
various forms and shapes made their appearance, in 
the meanwhile, in other regions of this little world, 
and we see them now shooting to and fro in all di- 



rections, devouring one another, multiplying them- 
selves and dying as soon as- the drop dries up. A 
true picture of this great world of ours! 

Now, think a moment* my young readers; those 
animals, for instance, which we saw in the drop of 
water have organs to move, to eat, to breathe, and 
for all the functions of the animal body! How 
small their limbs must be, and on, or in them, per- 
haps, live other little animals, which again must 
have organs, and these again perhaps are peopled 
in a similar way! Where is the end? Is the pow- 
er of the Almighty more manifest in the glorious 
firmament above us, with its myriads of stars, than 
it is in the drop of water with its living population, 
or among the multitudes of creatures that by thou- 
sands may swim at once through the eye of the 
finest cambric needle? 

Who has, Eternal One, seen the beginning of Thy 
greatness, or understood the principles of Thy wis- 
dom? For the heavens declare Thy glory, and the 
drop of water proclaims Thy power, with a thou- 



sand tongues! 



K. G. M. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



Cju Sttfttaitff. 

NEPHI'S SECOND VISIT 
JERUSALEM. 



TO 



After having obtained the plates, as described in 
the previous chapter, Nephi and his brothers, ac- 
companied by Zoram, returned to their parents who 
were overjoyed to see them, having feared, from 
their long absence, that something had happened to 
them. They remained together a short time, en- 
joying each other's society, offering sacrifices to the 
Lord for their deliverance, and reeruiting their 
strength; after which they returned, once more, to 
Jerusalem, by the command of God, to bring down 
Ishmael and his family, so that Lehi's sons might 
have wives and be able to raise up children. On 
arriving at Jerusalem Nephi and his brothers visited 
Ishmael and told him what the Lord had said to 
their father, and how they had come, by the com- 
mand of God, to ask him to leave Jerusalem and 
accompany them on their journey to the land to 
which God designed to lead^hem. The Lord sof- 
tened the hearts of Ishmael and his household, so 
that they, believed the words of Nephi and his 
brethren and consented to go with them. Ishmael's 
family consisted of himself and wife, two married 
sons and their families, and five daughters. As 
they were all traveling towards the place where 
Lehi and his family were encamped in the wilder- 
ness, Laman and Lemuel, with two of the daugh- 
ters of Ishmael, and his two sons and their families, 
rebelled against Nephi and Ishmael, and wanted to 
return to Jerusalem. Nephi, being a good young 
man who loved God and desired to keep His com- 
mandments, was very much grieved at the wicked- 
ness of his brothers and part of Ishmael's family in 
wanting to go back to Jerusalem, after God had 
been so kind as to tell them of, and provide a way 
for them to escape the great calamities that were 
coming upon the Jews, in the destruction of their 
beautiful city and their, own captivity into Baby- 
lon. Nephi, therefore, talked to them very earnest- 
ly, and a&ked them how they could think of being 
so wicked and rebellious against God when they 
had even seen an angel during their former visit to 
Jerusalem, and knew that God had spoken to their 
father Lehi. But, said Nephi, if you are deter- 
mined to go back, go, — but remember that you 
will perish with the rest of the inhabitants of Je- 
rusalem. 

Wfien Nephi had done Speaking his brothers 
were very angry with him, and sought to kill him ; 



/ 



16 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR 



so they took him and bound him with strong cords, 
and were going to leave him for wild beasts to de- 
vour. But Nephi prayed to God and He^gave 
him strength to burst the cords with which he was 
bound, and he stood forth free and talked to his 
brothers again. They were more angry, however, 
than before, and again sought to take away his life, 
but one of the daughters of Ishmael, and* her moth- 
er, and also one of Ishmaei's sons, pleaded with 
Laman and Lemuel until their hearts were softened 
and they humbled themselves before their brother 
Nephi, being very sorrowful for their wickedness to- 
wards him, and begged him to forgive them. Ne- 
phi at once frankly forgave them, and exhorted 
them to pray to God for His forgiveness. After 
this they traveled in peace and unity until they 
reached the place where Lehi was camped, having 
brought with them all kinds of seeds that they were 
acquainted with, both of fruit and of grain. And 
they did not forget to offer sacrifices to the Lord, 
and to thank Him for having taken care of them 
during their journey. 

Thus we see that besides Lehi's family, there was 
the family of Ishmael, and the servant of Laban, 
named Zoram, who were, in reality, the forefathers 
of the present Indians; but they all beeame mem- 
bers of Lehi's family — he being the head — and, as 
we shall learn in the course of our story, were 
divided into two principal branches or people, 
known as the N~ephites and Lamanites. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

CAN A LING. 




Canals are channels cut or dug in the earth to 
hold water. They are principally used for what is 
called inland navigation, — that is bearing ships or 
other vessels on the surface of the water inland; 
and canals are usually made for this purpose where 
there are no rivers, deep and broad enough to be 
navigated, running in the direction in which it is 
desired to take the vessels. On these vessels freight 
and passengers are carried from one part of the 
country to the other; and it appears strange, in 
places, to see them moving along, with sails spread 
through a green meadow, looking from a distance 
as if they were sailing over the grass; for the 
canals being dug by man, with sides firmly built to 
keep them from washing away, have not the nice, 
shelving banks, and windings that rivers usually 
have. 

Some canals are very long, and broad and deep, 
and vessels of considerable size can go along them. 
Of this class is one known as the Caledonian canal 
in Scotland, although it is not as long as some, be- 
ing sixty miles and a half long, which joins togeth- 
er a number of small lakes, or lochs as they are 
called in that eouutry, and by which vessels can go 
from the sea on one side of Scotland to the sea on 
the other side, without having to sail round the 
laud. 

The Erie canal, in this continent, is a very ex- 
tensive one, and a great deal of freight is carried 
on it. Other canals in this country, in Great 
Britain, in Holland, and in many' other places, are 
worthy of writing about if we had space, but our 
readers must seek for books containing information 



in this and other subjects, and study them to gain 
knowledge. Perhaps one of the most important 
canals in the world, is one made not long since 
across the isthmus of Suez, between Asia and Afri- 
ca. Although only a little 'over seventy miles 
long, it is important because it unites two great 
oceans by water, — the Atlantic Ocean, through the 
Mediteranian sea, with the Indian Ocean, through 
the Arabian Sea. 

Canal boats are sometimes moved along with 
sails, sometimes by horses hauling them, and some- 
times by men. This last is the way the canal boat 
in our illustration is being moved. There is usual- 
ly a road along one side, called the "tow path," on 
which the horses and men walk. 

The canal-boats are made to go up hills on the 
canals, by what are called "locks." At short dis- 
tances, from each other, strong gates are put in, 
which, when shut, keep the water from running 
down the incline ; and when a boat, going up the 
canal, passes through one of these open gates, it is 
shut, and a slide in the one above it is opened, by 
which the water is allowed to pass through. The 
water being held by the gate that is shut, soon 
rises in the canal to a level with what is above it, 
which is being lowered at the same time, and when 
it is level on both sides of the gate above, that 
gate can be opened and the boat pass through. By 
this means canals are carried over roads, the water 
being held up and carried along in what are called 
aqueduct bridges, the word aqueduct nieaniug 
water-way, from two Latin words, aqua, water, and 
ductus, a pipe or canal ; the word ductus being de- 
rived from duco, to lead. These aqueduct bridges 
are mostly built of rock and cement. Would you 
not think it strange to walk along the road, and, 
passing under a bridge, know that vessels were sail- 
ing over your heads? This is so Jn some places, 
one of which is Port Dundas, near Glasgow, in 
Scotland. 

There are several canals in this Territory, but the 
most important one is now being made in this val- 
ley, which is designed to carry water from the river 
Jordau, and Utah Lake, up to this city, both for the 

purpose of navigation and irrigation. We would 
like to write much more about canals, for it is a 
very interesting subject; but our readers can ask 
and read about them, and they will learn 
a great deal that is instructive and interesting. 



he would go and buy bread with it. So often was 
he thu3 provided for that he learned to trust in 
God, who never forsook him. 

Cold Autumn had blasted the trees and flowers 
with its chilly breath. The fallen leaves aud naked 
limbs of tree and bush gave warning 0/ coming 
winter; and this little friendless boy would have 
been exposed to much suffering from cold and hun- 
ger, but the Lord, his true friend, did not forsake 
him in this extremity. 

One day a kind lady, who had often befriended 

him, found him playing in the street as usual; she 

gave him a halfpenny and asked him to go with her. 

Little George would go anywhere for a halfpenny. 

In fact it did not matter to him where he went at 

any time, for one place was as good to him as 

another, if it was out of doors. He did not know 
but that all the world, out of doors, belonged to 
him, and was made on purpose for him to play in. 

He went along with this kind lady, thinking that 
she was taking him to see a fine show. After pass- 
ing through a great many streets they stopped in 
front of a large building, with fine stone steps and 

up to a large door, 



iron 



railing, 



leading 



with 



a** 



LITTLE GEORGE 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

FINDS A FRIEND. 



large 
great brass plate fastened on it, full of letters, 
which glistened in the rays of the Autumn sun. 
This door was opened to them, and they went into 
a dark passage, at the other end of which they came 
to another door. 

This second door made little .George open his 
blue eyes wide with wonder, for he had never seen 
suGh a door before. It was covered all over with 
green flannel, which was nailed on to it with large 
round headed brass nails. He could not understand 
why people should make such a bad use of such 
nice marbles, which he thought they were, and 
wished he had them to play with. He looked at 
his halfpenny which the lady gave him, and thought 
he would buy them, for he had no idea of riches 
which reached beyond a few halfpennies, and did 
not know but that he could get anything he wanted 
or saw if he had only one or two halfpennies to get 
it with. 

The kind lady knocked upon this second door, 
and it was opened by a grave looking gentleman 
with spectacles. While this gentleman and the 
lady were talking, little George looked around the 
room, and was more and more surprised at what he 
saw, for he saw five gentlemen, as he took them to 
be, sitting upon high three-legged stools, playing 
with long feathers upon something white. 

Uxcle George. 
(to be continued ) 



rm^strJ^JB^z 



CHARADE. 



A TRUE STORY. 



In our last notice of little George we saw him 

without home and without friends, except such kind 

strangers as the Lord sent to supply his daily 

wants. 

S 
When the deep snow has covered the ground, 

and there are no worms and grubs to be found, the 
little roBln comes tamely hopping and chirping to 
youi v door for a few crumbs of bread, which you 
can well spare. Sometimes he meets with good 
boys and girls, who pity him in his forlorn condi- 
tion and feed him,. Sometimes he meets with cruel 
boys and girls who set traps for him, and throw 
rocks at him, and persecute him when hunger has 
driven him to their doors. 

Little George lived in that kind of a way, and 
like the little robins in winter, met with both kind 
and unkind persons. 

When the little *robin is cruelly driven away in 
terror from your yards and doorways, he finds food 
somewhere else. When you will not give him a 
small bit of the bread which the Lord has given 
you, He feeds the little robin himself. It was often 
so with little George. When he could not get food 
from kind strangers, he would often find money 
lying in his pathway when he was hungry, and then 



I am composed of 17 letters. 

My 1, 2, 7, 17, is a color. 
r My 2, 11, 5, is a small animal. 

My 6, 4, 8, 9, is a mineral. 

My 10', 7, 12, 3, is only found inland and yet 
ships sometimes sail on it. 

My 14, 11, 16, is a domestic animal. 

My 12, 15, 9, 13, is a source of much amusement 
to boys. 

My whole is a well-known city in Utah. 

Our young readers are requested to forward 
answers to the above, as early as possible. 

We will be pleased to receive communications 
for the Eiddler; but in every case the solution 
must accompany the riddle forwarded. 



Is published in Great Salt Lake City, UtarT Territory, 

On the First and Fifteenth of every Month. 

:o: 

GEOKGffi Q. CANNON, Editor, 
:o: 

TERMS-ALWAYS IN ADVANCE, 

Single Copy, for Six Months $1 50 

Single Copy, per Annum 3 00 

Ten Copies, per Annum, furnished to Clubs 

and Agents 27 .00 

Where grain and other articles are paid on subscriptions, 
they will be received at cash market rates where they are 
paid in. It is expected where Agents forward names they 
will be responsible for the papers thus ordered; and when 
cash .payments are made they will please forward them 
with the letter containing the names of the subscribers. 

Elder Wm, H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General 
Agent for Cache Valley. 

Grain brought to this city for the Juvenile Instructor 
will be received, for the present, at the General Tithing 
Office; care should be taken to state on what account it is 
paid in. 

Bishops and other influential men will oblige by aiding 
in increasing the subscription of the Juvenile Instructor. 

No pains will be spared to make this paper, both in 
matter and appearance, worthy of the patronage of every 
parent in the Territory. 



