I 





m. 2. 



GREAT SALT LAKE CITY, JANTJARY 15, 1866. 



VOL. I. 



|)attnj. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. - 



TO CHILDKEN 



Cliildren, obey your parents 
And give them honor due, 

Is God's command, with promise 
Of life and blessings too. 

The fleeting hours of childhood 
And youth, are golden hours, 

In which to lay foundations 
For manhood's noble powers. 

In them we form the habits 

Which mark our future years, 
Which fill the heart with gladness, 
. Or wet the cheek with tears. 

Seek, while the scenes of childhood 
And youth, are moving on, 

To store your minds with wisdom, 
And cherish reason's dawn. 

Shun every evil practice, 
And set your standard high; 

You certainly will reach it 
If you don't cease to try. 

In right, be energetic, '^ 

And i!ever yield to wrong; 

The right is sure to triumph, 
Although prevented long. 

The good, the wise and noble, 

Be sure to emulate: 
Be wisely great in goodness, . 

And you'll be truly great. 

E. R. Skow. 

G. S. L. City, Jan., J 866. 



3oiagra}ifn|, 



JOSEPH SMITH, THE PROPHET. 
(continued.) 



We have described to you, in the previous num- 
ber of the Instructok, the course Joseph Smith 
took to obtain knowledge. The. Apostle James 
had said: "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask 
of God." Joseph believed his words and, in child- 
like simplicity, had asked, and the Lord had an- 
swered his prayer. He had the privilege of learn- 
ing from heavenly Beings that which he had sought 
in vain to obtain from man. 

As we have told you, the light which surrounded 
those holy Beings was most beautiful and brilliant. 

' As it descended from the heavens and came near 
the tops of the trees where Joseph was praying the 
whole grove was lit up in a most glorious manner. 
The light was so very bright that he expected it 
would burn the leaves and limbs of the trees when 

^it touched them; but when he saw that they were 
not burned by it, he felt no fear about it hurting 
him. When it rested upon hfm, and he was sur- 
rounded by it, his sensations ijrere very peeuliar; 
but very pleasing and joyous. It was when the 
light rested upon him that he saw the heavenly per- 
sonages. They exactly resembled each other in 
their features and appearance. 



As soon as Joseph was able to speak, he asked 
the Personages, who stood above him in the light, 
which of all the sects was right and which he 
should join. It was his desire to obtain know- 
ledge respecting this important matter that prompt- 
ed him to go out. alone and pray to God, He fully 
expected there was one Church on the earth which 
was true and acknowledged by the Lord. But he 
was told that he must join none of them, for they 
were all wrong; and the Personage who talked to 
him said tliat all their creeds, or systems of religion, 
were an abomination in his sight, and the preachers 
of those doctrines wei'e all corrupt, "they draw 
near to me with their lips, but their hearts are far 
from me; they teach for doctrines the command- 
ments of men, having a form of godliness, but they 
deny the power thereof." He again commanded 
him not to join with any of these churches, and he 
was promised that the true doctrine — the everlast- 
ing gospel — should be made known to him at. some 
future time. Many other things were told him and 
the vision was withdrawn. 

Every one of our young readers can think how 
delighted Joseph must have been at receiving this 
glorious and precious visit from these holy Beings. 
He had no longer to look here and there for the 
truth and the true people of God. Knowledge had 
been given him which he could depend upon; and 
he no doubt felt that it w.ould be a pleasure to him 
to tell what the Lord had revealed to him to all the 
world, if ttiey would listen to him. Jiut ilie world 
would neither listen to nor believe him. 

This latter statement may appear strange to you, 
children. You cannot, perhaps, understand why 
any person would not be glad to hear such truths as 
Joseph could tell them. After so many generations 
had passed away without a voice from heaven being 
heard, and without any person being able to say.- 
"Thus, saith the Lord," you would probably think 
that men would be glad to hear that the Lord had 
spoken, and would crowd around Joseph with open 
ears to hear what the Lord had said. 

Eli was a very old man, and a High Priest who 
had been acknowledged by the Lord, and Samuel 
was a very young boy, yet when God spoke to 
Samuel, and he told Eli what the Lord had said, 
Eli listened to him with kindness and respect. But 
the people did not do so with Joseph. They did 
not have that regard for God and His word that 
Eli, with all his faults, had. Truly had the Lord 
said to Joseph that they were corrupt, and that 
while they drew near to him with their lips, their 
hearts were far from him. Joseph sqoh proved this 
to his satisfaction. 

Some few days after he had this vision he hap- 
pened to be in company with one of those preachers 
who had been so very active in the religious excite- 
ment which we alluded to in the first number of the 
Instructor. This preacher belonged to a sect call- 
ed Methodists. Their conversation turned upon 
the subject of religion, and Joseph told him about 
the vision which he had received. 

ISTow, this man, though he preached to every- 
body about God, and professed to be His servant, 
Hcver had seen Him or heard Him speak, neither 
had ho ever known any person who had ever seen 
Him or heard Him speak. The last men who had 



known God, had been killed hundreds of years be- 
fore he was born, by the people who then lived, be- 
cause they declared God's word, which made the 
wicked angry. All that he knew, therefore, about 
God, he learned from the Bible, which was written 
by men who had known Him. 

Instead of being thankful to learn that God had 
once more spoken to man, this preacher treated 
Joseph's description of his vision with contempt. 
He said that it was all of the devil, and that .there 
was no such thing as visions or revelations at that 
time; they had all ceased since the Apostles of 
Jesus had passed away, and there would never be 
any more of them. 

Boys, you can imagine how disappointed Joseph 
was at hearing this language from a man who pro- 
fessed to have such love for God. It was a fact 
that he had had a vision, and he knew it, and all the 
preachers in the world could not make it otherwise . 
Though all -the world should oppose him, and deny 
that he had seen anything, Joseph knew that he had 
both seen a light and heard a voice speaking to him. 
What could he do? He could not beheve this 
•preacher when he s.aid that all he had told him was 
of the devil, and tliat there never would be any 
more visions or revelations! 



- Ij I T T L E 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

GEORGE. 



A TRUE STORY. 




/ 



Little George had no father to buy him new 
clothes and bread and butter and toys to play 
with, for his father died in a far-oil", distant land, 
when he was very young, so he had to trust to kind 
strangers to give him bread, when he was hungry, 
and old clothes to wear. 

Little George had no home to rest in when he. 
was tired of playing; he had no little chair to sit 
in, no good fire to sit by, and no nice little crib or 
bed to sleep in; but he had to lie down by the side 
of a wall, or by the side of a house to sleep and 
rest, and trust to be fed and clothed by Him who 
feeds the birds and fishes and clothes the flowers of 
the field. 

While the sun shone, and everything was warm 
and bright, little George was cheerful and happy, 
and found plenty of boys and girls to play with. 
Many of them were kind to him, and would let him 
play with their toys, and give him pieces of bread 
and pie to eat. Sometimes bad boys would beat 
him, and they were not afraid to do so, for he had 
no father to tell and no brothers to take his part. 

When wicked b®ys would thus abuse him, he 
would go away by himself and cry for a long time, 
and wish that he were dead; and he would try to 
pray to God in his trouble, for his mother taught 



j: 



3 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 



.-.-^-v-^*'. 



,-^--V-V^----V-----^----_-w's,-«*«'_^„'-_-„-.-^-_-.^-^^^^-^^-„-^- 



him, when he was a very little boy, to pray, and to 
believe that whatever he asked God for would be 
given to him; aod so he would pray that God would 
forgive those bad boys, and then he would feel bet- 
ter and go to his play again, for he could not re- 
member any wrongs done to him only for a short 
time. / 

When night came and all his playmates were 
gone to their homes, Httle George would sit under 
a window and cry, and wish that he had a home to 
go to, and kind good friends to give him bread and 
milk to his supper, and wash his face and comb his 
hair and put him into a nice, clean bed to sleep. 
Sometimes strangers would take him into their 
kitchens, and give him some crusts of bread to eat 
and let him sit by the fire or He on the floor all night; 
then he was glad, and thankful to God, whom his 
mother had taught him to thank for everything. 
Sometimes he would have to crawl into an out- 
house and Guddb up in a corner all alone, and 
then he would cry himself to sleep; but when he 
awoke in the morning, and all wa§ Ijght and gay, 
he forgot his troubles and warmed himsej? j.n the 
sunshine. . 

QiiQ iuuiiiiri" he took off his clothes tp bathe in a 
shallow place ill h canal, witli some other lioys; 
and they proved to be bad boys, for they ran away 
with all his clothes, and left him in the water. 
This was a sore trial for little George, for he had 
to remain naked until late in the afternoon, when a 
kind lady found him crying behind a wall, where he 
had been nearly all day without anything to eat, 
and she brought him some clothing and a large 
piece of bread and butter. ^ 

This had been an unlucky day for little George, 

and nigut coming on he felt very lonely and w;=->^-^ 

that be were in bpn-T"*** "' * * ...-X1CU 

„.^ • -,, . — .vu, ana thought that it would 

^ui oe wrong for him to drown himself in the canal, 
and then he would not again have his clothes stolen 
away from him by bad boys. He got on to the 
edge of a canal boat, where the water was deep, to 
throw himself into the water, and was just going 
to bid goodbye to the little sparrows that were 
chirping near him, when he saw that he had not 
eaten all his bread and butter which the lady had 
given him, so he sat down to eat it before he jump- 
ed into the water to drown himself; but by the time 
he had done eating his bread and butter he felt 
much better, and prayed that he might live to be a 
man, and find good and kind friends in a coming 
day to love him. 

So he did not drown himself but lived and found 
the good and loving friends his little heart pined 

for. 

There are many thousands of little boys and girls 
in the big cities of the world that are as destitute 
of friends and comfort as little George was. How 
is it with you? Have you a kind father, a good 
mother, a generous uncle, a gentle aunt, a loving 
friend to provide for you a home to live in, a bed 
to sleep upon, clothing to wear and food to eat? 
Ought you not to love them very much and do their 
bidding without a cross thought, or angry word? 
Have you school-teachers to teach you how to read 
and write, and good ministers of the truth to show 
you the way to heaven? Then be thankful to God, 
my little children, for all your good and kind 
friends, and for your comfortable and happy homes. 

You will hear more about httle George in 
the future. TJncle George. 




Axfll 



The wonders of 
the mighty Ocean 
are many and vari- 
ous. They who trav- 
erse it In great ships 
see strange sights 
and many evidences 
of the greatness and 
wisdom of God. 
The varieties of fish 
which swarm in the 
rivers, lakes, seas 

and oceans are not 
among the least won- 
derful and instruc- 
tive things that are 
to be found in the 
water. Fishes are 
the same to the sea 
and ocean that ani- 
mals are to the land. 

They have a world of their own in which 
they live and move. Some of them are very small, 
som5 yery pretty, some harmless, some good to be 

^^ " Jy man, sorne are exceedingly large, and some 
are very destructive — terrible monsters indeed. 

Our illustration represents one of those terrible 
fishes. It is of the horned ray species, more common- 
ly known as Sea Devils or Ocean Vampires. Some 
of these fish grow to be an enormous size — thirty 
or forty feet in length, and very weighty. It is said 
they have been found so large as to require seven 
yoke of oxen to draw one of them ashore, Manv 
anecdotes are related of the strength of thi? £sh. 

!" ?ue J^Jatural History of the State of New York 
the statement is made, that it ha§ l?eea known "to 
seize the cable of a small vessel at anchor and 
draw the vessel several miles with great velocity." 
Wvft hopp. this illustration and brief sketch will 
incite our young readers to seek after knowledge 
concerning the seas aud oceans and their inhabi- 
tants, as well as other branches of study. As they 
increase in knowledge they will see in all the hand 
of the All-wise Creator made manifest. 



THE SEA DEVIL 



sous. Law« 



man 



t^-^i 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

WHO ARE THE INDIANS? 



A Jolly Life. — Insects generally must lead a 
truly jovial life. Tliink what it must be to lodge 
in a lily! Imagine a palace of ivory or pearl, with 
a pillar of silver and capitals of gold, all inhaling 
such a perfume as never arose from human censer. 
Fancy, again, the fan of tucking yourself up for the 
night in the folds of a rose, rocked to sleep by the 
gentle sigh of the summer air, nothing to do when 
you a\vake bat to wash yourself in a dew-drop, and 
fall to and eat your bedclothes. 



After Lehi had enjoyed this glorious vision, aud 
had seen and heard the great and wonderful things 
which were manifested unto him in it, he weijt 
about among his friends, and the inhabitants of 
Jerusalem generally, telling them what the Lord 
had made known unto him, and that, unless they 
repented of all their wickedness and humbled them- 
selves as little children before God, their beautiful 
city would be destroyed and themselves, with their 
King, their wives and their children, would be 
taken captives by the King of Babylon. But, in- 
stead of thanking him for his kind warning, the 
Jews hated him and sought to kill him, as they had 
done all the prophets and good men who lived be- 
fore him. , 

Our youthful readers will, very likely, wonder 
why the Jews should wish to kill Lehi, when he 
had done them no harm, but, on the contrary, had 
endeavored to do them good, by telling tliem of the 
dreadful miseries and calamities that awaited them, 
and how they might escape thein. The reason was 
that the Jews, both men and women, had become 
very wicked, and they did not like any 'one to tell 
them about or reprove them on account of their 
sins. The Jews had no disposition to do light and 
forsake their sins, so they became angry at aud 
hated any one who told them abouJ their secret 
murders, their whoredoms, adulteries, robbewies, 
oppression, lyings and hypocrisy. Just as some 
naughty boys and girls-feel angry sometimes at any- 
body who t(3lls them of their faults. 



's^xft'PS'v-'^'s- 



The Lord, seeing that the Jews would kill Lehi if he 
remained among them, warned him, in a dream, to 
take his family and leave Jerusalem aud trftVQl jpto 

the wilderhesS' — that is, an uninhabited country— 
iu the direction that the Lord should tell him. 
This warning Lehi promptly obeyed. Leaving his 
house, with most of his furniture and effects, to- 
gether with all his gold and silver that he did not 
spend for his traveling outfit, and he was possessed 
of a large amount of money and other property — 
he took his family with him and traveled towards 
the east side of the Red Sea. 
_r ^M's family, when they left Jerusalem, consj^^^^^, 

ed of himself and Ms wife Sariali, and tlieir four 
emuel, xTcplii and Sam. Now La- 
and Lemuel were wicked, and rebellioas 
against their father, and did not believe that God 
had spoken to him and told him to leave Jerus^v 
lem ; so they murmured at him for taking them 
away from their comfortable home and their riches, 
to die, as they thought, in the wilderness, But 
Nephi had always been an obedient, good boy, who 
loved his father, and prayed to God very often; so 
the Lord heard him, spoke to him and blessed him, 
and he grew up to be a wise, brave and good man, 
and was a great comfort and blessing to his father 
and mother. So, also, was Sam, the younger son. 
Lehi and Sariah had two other sons born to them 
after they left Jerusalem, who were named Jacob 
and Joseph; but these four were all they had at the 
time we are speaking of. 

After Lehi and his family were camped in their 
tents by the Eed Sea, he built an altar to the Lord 
and offered sacrifices to Him and thanked Ilim for 
taking care of them on their journey. AVhile rest- 
ins; there, the Lord told Lehi to send his sons back 
to Jerusalem, to a man named Laban, who had a 
history of the Je'ws and a record of the sayings of 
the prophets who had lived among them from time 
to time, and also the names of Lehi's forefathers, 
back to the time of Joseph who was sold into Egypt 
by his brethren. All these writings were kept upon 
plates of brass which Laban had, and Lehi wished 
to have them so that his children and grandchildren 
mi-'-ht know the commaudmeuts of the Lord^and 
keep them, and so become good and happy. These 
brass plates contained many things which we have 
in our Bibles, — such as what are called the Five 
Books of Moses, and the prophecies of Isaiah, por- 
tions, of those of Jeremiah, and many others, and 
it was necessary that Lehi should have them; so he 
sent his sons back for them. Now Laman and Lem- 
uel complained as much at having te go back to 



Jerusalem as they did at having to leave it; b«t 
they finally concluded they would go with their 
brothers Nephi' and Sam, and try to get those sacred 

rQ^oords. 

(to be continued.) 



THE JUVENILIS INSTRUCTOR. 



/"*■■ rf %/^»/-^'N. ' , 



-'*'«'V~V"« "i*^-'"^. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, : • EDITOR. 



JANUARY 15, 18 66, 



A YOUNG MISSIONARY. 



'^mu from Iktitre 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

IT. 
CO AI^. 



We were at the house of a friend the other day 
when the conversation turned upon his son who is 
absent on a mission preaching the gospel. Our 
friend and his wife — the mother of the young mis- 
sionary — spoke with pleasure and pride of their ab- 
sent boy and of the cheerful and encouraging let- 
ters which he had written to them. They had re^ 
cently met with some of the Elders who had just 
returned home from preaching In the same country 
where he was, and they brought them good reports 
about the faithfulness and zeal of their son. 

•We expressed the gladness which we felt upon 
hearing such good news; and added, that we should 
have been disappointed at hearing any other news 
than that, as we always thought he was a good 
boy. 

"Oil, yes," gaid the mother, "W was always 

an obedient' boy to me, and I never have had any 
fear about him doing well on his mission." 

"I nevei: knew that boy," said his father, "to tell 
either nls mother or me a falsehood; we never had 
"kny doubts about anything that he told us, for he 
always told us the truth, and he was very industri- 
olis and trustworthy in all the business which he had 
to attend to." 

These parents felt a confidence in their son which 
they could not have had if he had been in the hab- 
it, when at home, of telling lies and trying to de- 
ceive them and his other friends. In listening to 
their remarks, we were struck with the hopeful views 
which they took of his future, and we thought of the 
word^ of Solomon: "A wise son maketh a glad 
father." 

There is scarcely a little boy in this Territory 
who does not hope that, when he grows up, he may 
be thought worthy to go on a mission to preach the 
gospel. And we are sure that no boy, if he were 
sent as a missionary, would lik^ to fail, and be sent 
home as unfit for such duty. This would be a dis- 
grace which he and all his relatives and friends 
would feel very sorry to see come upon him. 

Now, it is possible for every boy and girl to ob- 
tain a character for telling the truth and to behave 
- themselves in such a manner that every person, 
who knows them, will love them. And a character 
for truthfulness and honesty is worth more than an 
immense pile of money or other things would be 
without it. Riches may take wings and fly away, 
or, in other words, they can be lost, and then what 
a wretched condition a person would be in who has 
a bad character! But if boys and girls have not 
many fine things, nor very good clothes, and are 
poor, yet have a good name for truthfulness, hones- 
ty and industry, every person who loves goodness 
will love them. If their clothes are not very good, 
that will make no difference in the feelings of the 
Saints towaids them; they will look at their good 
qualities, not at their clothes; and if boys of this 
character should be called to go on missions, they 
Avill have the faith, prayers and confidence of all 
who know them, and these will be worth more to 
them than fine things. Bofs and girls, work hard 
to obtain a character for truthfuhicss, virtue, hon- 
esty and industry, and this you wijl always find, 
throughout your lives, to be better than riches. 



Our TfiB^iis.— The Juvenile Ikstkuctoe is publLshed 
Semi-Montlily at Three Dollars a year, invariably in ad- 
vance. 

Agonts sending suhcribar's names are held responsible 
for the amount, and are presumed to havethcpay on hand, 
subject to order, when forM'arding names. We hope that 
all will readily perceive the necessity of this, withoutdeem- 
ing it too stringent, as tlie materials for this sheet h&,ve to 
be purchased abroad, tvith cash, and freighted here, the 
payments for which must be promptly made. 

Wheat and other produce, when paid, will be received at 
market price in cash of the place where it is paid, 

Mr. Wm. H. Shearman, Logan, will act as General Agent 
for Cache County. 



A venerable old lady has been requested to en- 
tertain us for a short time in the present paper — 
dear, mother Earth, who has of late opened the re- 
cords of her former days to the admiration and in- 
struction of mankind. I will not lea^ you to the 
coral isles of the far-off sea, nor into the interior of 
volcanoes, nor to the sand deserts of ancient Egypt, 
but to that pile of Coflflying in your cellar, to be 
burned in your stove, that you may feel warm in 
these cold winter days; for, you see, coal does 
something else besides heating a stove, or driving a 
steam engine, or producing the useful gas, by which 
whole cities are lighted up and the darkness of their 
nights turned almost into the brightness of day, it 
tells us also a great deal of the earth, before the 

pi'esent I'ace of men lived upon it. ^ 

My young friends will sometimes find on a piece 
of coal the forms of leaves and wood; and there 
are many specimens in various scientific collections, 
on which the forms of plants have been preserved 
to a remarkable degree; but close examination has 
demonstrated the fact, that they all belong to one 
great class, no matter in what country the coal is 
found. Coal is formed of plants of a soft strue- 
ture, like the fern, that had no visible flower.s nor 
seeds, nor anything in common with our oak trees, 
beaches, firs, pines, etc. TJie color of the coal and 
its blackening qualities show that it must have been 
brought by heat into its present state, but that by 
some cause the heat was prevented from consuming 
it entirely and burning it into ashes. 

Coal was not formed in one day, but it took, pro- 
bably, thousands, perhaps millions of years to form 
a coal bed of the thickness of 5 or 6 feet, as it only 
consists of vegetable matter, consolidated by a 
pressure, that man with all his macliines and' en- 
gines cannot produce. How many generations of 
such loose and soft plants it must have taken to 
form such a coalbed! That period of our earth, in 
which those plants were most abundant of which the 
coal is chiefly composed, is called by geologists the 
Coal period. 

A landscape in that period must have looked very 
different from any now upon the eai'th. If, instead 
of high and lofty mountains, there were only level, 
swampy plains, the grass, which grew upon those 
plains was from 10 to 15 feet high; and plants 
which now scarcely reach the size of sugarcane, 
grew as high as the tallest of our trees; and be- 
sides this, a tropical climate, without any apparent 
changes of the seasons, seems to have reigned all 
over the earth, favoring the uninterrupted growth of 
plants to marvellous heights. Just imagine for a 
moment, children, that you were going a May-walk- 
ing in the time of the coal period. The grass near- 
ly as high as our houses, and as thick and wide as 
boards; canes growing as tall as our biggest Cot- 
tonwood trees. As beautiful as such a landscape 
might look in a picture, it certainly would have 
been no~home for man, for the hot and unhealthy 
atmosphere was often subjected to such sudden and 
terrible changes, that our thunderstorms and hur- 
ricanes cannot be compared with them. The girls 
would have found no flowers to gather, no apples to 
eat; and none of our domestic animals, such as the 
horse, the ox, the sheep, the dog, etc., was known 
then; only ugly formed raon»*ers, skeletons of which 
have Occasionally been found, swam in the water, 
crept on the ground or chased through the air. 
The earth was not yet sufficiently developed to be- 
come the dwelling place of the crown of creation, 
the image of God — man. 

Men ».f science have often traveled thousands of 



miles to study the relics of an ancient nation, to dis* 
cover some traces of its history, and to collect such 
remains of the past as great treasures in their 
museums. The hieroglyphics tell us of the old 
Pharaohs, the ruins of Nineveh and Babylon, of long 
lines of kings and warriors. But of a long period 
of our earth nothing can give us record but the 
coal; and when you take up a piece in your hand, 
remember that the plants composing it, adorned the 
earth, when none beheld their beauty, but the eye 
of Him who watches through the ages of eternity 
the never-ending changes of his. creations. 

Karl Gr. Maeser. 



♦-^ 



liuiple Inenrt 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

. RAIN. 

Our last article on Snow showed .that it was sim- 
ply frozen vapor. When the vapors which form 
the clouds are condensed, or have become less in 
bulk while the quantity remains the same, they fall 
to the earth in drops of water, and are called rain. 
Yapor is formed by water being heated until it 
expands and becomes lighter than the air, when it 
rises until it reaches a point above us where the air 
is no heavier than itself, and there it floats, and 
when visible is known as clouds. You can see 
heated water rising from a kettle on the stove, when 
the water ia it is boiling, or about to boil. It is of 
a whitish color then, and is called steam; but is of 
that color because the cold air is condensing it, for 
vapor itself is colorless. When the sun shines out 
strong, the moisture that is in the earth rises in the 
form of vapor, though you often cannot see it. 
That is the reason why the earih dries so much 
quicker after rain has fallen on it, or when snow 
has melted, when the sun is strong, than when it 
does not shine out so powerfully. Sometimes you 
can see tlie roads and fieJds, when they are wet, 
apparently smoking as the moisture rises in the 
form of vapor. The rays of the sun and the 
warmth that is in the earth, heat the moisture, and 
it rises very fast, as vapor; but cold air near the 
earth condenses it slightly, and it becomes distin- 
guishable to the naked eye. The water in lakes, 
ponds, rivers, sloughs and other places where it is 
collected in body, also throws off a part in the form 
of vapor, when heated by the sun's rays, which is 
returned again to the earth and spread over its sur- 
face as snow or rain, fertilizing it and making it 
fruitful. What a beautiful provision of nature it is 
to water the earth! How wisely the Lord has -or- 
dained everything for the good of His children 1 

When there is as much vapor in the air as it can 
contain, it is said to have reached the point of satu- 
ration; .and. when in that state, if it should be 
struek by a current of cold air, it would be condens- 
ed and become weightier than the atmosphere which 
was supporting it. Then it would fall to the earth 
in the form of rain. If the current of air which 
struck it was very cold, the drops would be frozen 
before they reached the ground, and then they 
would be hail, instead of rain. The reason why 
we have hail more frequently in the summer than in 
the winter is, that then the atmosphere is not gener- 
ally so cold as to condense the vapor and form rain, 
and very cold currents of air are more frequent be- 
cause of what is called rarefaction, or thchcatmgof 
the air. These cold currents suddenly striking a 
rain cloud, form hail or frozen rain. 

As the clouds are condensed, they separate into 
small particles, or drops which are perfectly round, 
each drop being attracted towards a common cen- 
tre. When the clouds are very high, these drops 
unite in falling, and form larger drops; hence when 
rain-drops are very large the rain is not likely to 



THE JUVENILE INSTRUCTOR. 



continue long, for the fact of the cloucls being so 
high shows there is not a very large quantity of 
vapor in the atmosphere; and as the rain has been 
rapidly formed, the cause which produced it is 
likely to pass speedily away. On the contrary, if 
the rain-clouds are flying low, and the air becomes 
gradually cold, a "drizzling rain" begins to fall, 
when the drops are very small. This generally 
continues for some length of time, as the air is then 
very likely filled with vapor to the point of satura- 
tion. 

In very cold countries there is little or no rain. 
The cold is so intense that it freezes the vapor too 
quickly to allow of its condensing enough to form 
rain, and then it falls as snow. That is the reason 
why it often snows in the mountains here while it is 
raining in the valleys; for the air is not so cold in 
the valleys as on the mountains. 

The reason why a south wind, in these valleys, 

is generally said to blow up a storm is, that then 

the wind comes from a warmer climate than this is 

and brings a large quantity of moisture or vapor 

with it. Then when the wind changes and blows 

from a colder region, it either freezes the vapor 

causing snow, or condenses the vapor and causes 
rain. 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

SKATING. 



These are the simple rudiments of this pleasant 
and healthful recreation, which is practiced in near- 
ly all countries where the weather in winter is cold 
enough to convert the surface of the water on the 
lakes and ponds into ice. What is called "fancy 
skating," will be acquired by experience. Our 
young readers must be very careful, however, not 

to venture on weak ice at any time, nor on ice 
where the water under it is so deep as to endanger 
their lives in case of an accidental tumble in; a 
ducking is bad enough without m6re serious conse- 
quences. L. 



LIVE 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

FOR SOMETHING. 



,r,^.^>v'V-'->-'*«^v"N.''«*rf^y*,-'v*^ 




It is very beautlfuL on a clear winter dny or 
lovely moonlight night, to see a gay party of skaters 
on the slippery ice, some circling around with 
graceful sweep, others darting past with the speed 
of a race horse, or cutting letters, figures and de- 
vices, on the smooth surface, that appear marvelous. 

If we examine a skate, the first impression is that 
it must be very difficult to stand upon them at all. 
This is found«to be the case at the first trial; but a 
little perseverance soon overcomes the difficulty. 
The next thing is to move in the direction you wish, 
while your feet appear to have a strong inclination 
to take you in a direction you are positive you do 
not wish to go. The reason of this is, that a very 
slight leaning of the body will cause a motion in 
that direction. Suppose you are about to put on a 
pair of skates for the first time: — The first thing 
necessary, is to see that they are fastened very se- 
curely to your shoes, which should be laced tightly 
to support the ankles. To obtain a forward motion 
on the ice, look in the direction you wish to go, for 
that action places your body in the position it 
§^ould be; the toe of the skate must also be in the 
same Une; the impetus is given by leaning the whole 
weight of the body on that foot, and at the same 
time pressing outward sharply on the ice, with the 
inner edge of the skate on the other foot, along its 
whole length, keeping also on the inner edge of the 
skate on which you glide forward, preserving at the 
same time a perfect balance. This motion, varied 
from right to left, or left to right, is all that is 
necessary, A little practice will enable any one to 
do this. Increased confidence will come with re- 
newed attempts, and no boy or girl need be dis- 
couraged by the partial failure of their first or 

that 



Thousands of men breathe, move and live — pass 
off the stage of life and are heard of no more. 
Why? They did no good in the world; none were 
blessed by them; none could point to them as their 
benefactors ; not a line that they wrote, not a word 
that they spoke, not a good deed that they per- 
formed could be recalled, and so they perished from 
the memory of men. Of what value is such a life? 
Its possessor has suffered the golden days of his 
probation to pass by unimproved, and his light has 
gone out in darkness. 

Children, you have life before you; do not squan- 
der it foolishly. Make up your minds while young 
to live for something. Understand that you have 
a mission given you, and be determined to fill it 
worthily and well. Kecollect that you cannot be 
truly great unless you are truly good, and make it 
your constant study to do all the good you can. 
You may be young and not very widely known, but 
you can extend the circle of your acquaintance and 
influence by good deeds, and, wherever you go, you 
can carry an influence with you that will inspire 
others with good resolves and a determination to 
follow your example. Do this, and you will write 
your names on the hearts of your generation in let- 
ters that will never perish, and you will enter upon 
a career of ever-increasing happiness and glory, 

- 1^ 4 4^^if ^ ^ mi 

TO OUR READERS. 



We owe an apology to our patrons for the non- 
appearance of the Instructor at the stated time. 
We fully expected, when we issued the first num- 
ber, to have our paper from California by the time 
we should need it for the second issue; but in this 
expectation we were disappointed. A delay oc- 
curred, which we found ourselves powerless to 
remedy. We hope to be able to avoid similar ir- 
regularities in future, and presume upon the indul- 
gence of our friends to kindly overlook this want of 
punctuality and not permit it to detract from the 
interest which they have manifested in the success 
of our enterprise. 

We shall furnish the back numbers as soon as 
possible, so that subscribers can receive the twenty- 
four numbers for the year's subscription. 



■«M1 



►>"*i 



O^ 



forget 



SUNDAY SCHOOL PARTY. 

Some little time since we received an invitation 
to attend a party of the teachers connected witli 
the Sunday School of the 6th and 6th wards of 
this city, which was held in the 6th ward School 
house. It was gratifying to see so many assembled 
together connected with one school, in a part of the 
city that is not thickly populated, and interested in 
the education and welfare of the young. An excel- 
lent spirit pervaded the party and all enjoyed them- 
selves exceedingly. From statistics read during the 
evening, we learned that the school had been orgal5- 

ized some eighteen months, and numbered about 150 
scholars, with twek^ male and five female teachers, 
under the superintendency of Elder Samuel L, 
Evans. The course of instruction comprises read- 
ing in the Bible, Book of Mormon, Catechism &c., 
arithmetic and kindred branches, and music under 



second attempt, — they should never .^.^^u ^^u.^ , t -m -, J.^ ^ ■ i ^ . , . 

- . . , . "^ -. ,. ° . , bro. J, Edwards, the toinc sol-fa system bemr used, 

perfection in skating, as in everything else, is only | xhere is an examination every Sunday in the prin- 

to be attained by application and perseverance. ' ciples of the gospel and other subjects, conducted 



either by the Superintendent or Bishop Hickenloop- 
er, who takes great interest in the school. It is in- 
dicative of much future good to see the Sunday 
Schools throughout the Territory increasing in use^ 
fulness and continually adding to the numbers on 
their rolls of attendance. 

[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

THE JEWS. 

In writing about the Jews mention will have to 
be made of the other sons ©f Jacob and their 
descendants, as well as ^udah and his descendants, 
for their history is nearly the same for several hun- 
dred years. 

Jacob was a man who feared God and kept His 
commandments. He had four wives, and Judah 
was his fourth son by his first wife, who was named 
Leah. Jacob's eleventh son was called Joseph, 
whose mother's name was Rachael. He was a 
good, virtuous boy, much beloved by his father, 
and the Lord gave him dreams showing him what 
he would become in the future. In his honesty of 
heart he told theni to his brothers, and as these 
dreams seemed to declare that he would become 
greater than themselves, they were filled with envy 
and hatred against him. Some of them were for 
killing him, but Reuben, Jacob's oldest son, would 
not let them do so; and they sold him for a slave 
to some traveling merchants, who carried him away 
into another country, called Egypt, where he was 
again sold to an officer of the king of that country. 
This officer's name was Potiphar, and he had a wife 
who was a very wicked woman. She saw that 
Joseph was good-looking, and she sought to make 
him commit sin with her. But he would not defile 
himself before the Lord, and fled from her, upon 
which she accused him of having sought to do the 
very wicked deed which she had privately striven 
to have him commit. Her lie was believed, and he 
was thrown into a prison, where the Lord showed 
His approval of the good and virtuous conduct of 
Joseph by inspiring him to interpret the dreams of 
two others of the king's officers who were confined 
there with him. Afterwards, when the king him- 
self had a dream which troubled him sorely, One of 
these officers recalled Joseph's interpretation of his 
dream to mind and told the king of it, who sent for 
Joseph, and had him brought out of the prison. 
He, being inspired by God, interpreted the king's 
dream, and told him that the Lord would bring 
seven years of exceeding plenty upon the land, 
followed by seven years of famine in which all the 
plenty would be forgotten; and gave the king wise 
counsel how to act to save the people. For this 
the King placed Joseph next himself, and made him 
ruler over all the land of Egypt. The story of his 
life is exceedingly interesting, and is to be found in 
the Bible. It shows how the Lord protects and 
blesses those who are good. 

During the time that Joseph was in Egypt, his 
father's family increased in numbers, and prospered 
till the seven years of famine came. After a time,, 
when their provisions were nearly done, Jacob sent 
his sons to Egypt to buy bread, and they had to 

buy it from Joseph, their own brother, who was 
now a great man, though they did not know him; 
and in so doing, the very dreams for which they> 
had sold him into Egypt were fulfilled. At length 
he made himself known to his brethren, told them 
that God had sent him to Egypt before them to 
preserve his father's family on the earth, and bade 
them return home and bring his father, with their 
wives and children and all that belonged to them,- 
down to Egypt, that they might be preserved 
through the great famine, five years of which was 
still to come. This they did; and thus by the 
direct providences of God.jvas Jacob and his family 
led down to the land of Egypt, from which his 
descendants in after years had to be led forth 
through the Lord displaying His power in their be- 
half in a most miraculous manner. 

(to be continued.) 



