
Qlmss t0 i\t '§Gx)i\ 



VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1871. 



NO. 



-^T :h: j^ iL, :e] s . 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



•HjJ 



THE ■whale is the largest Imug c-reatiu'c now foimcl upon the 
face of our globe. Its home is in the great -waters, amidst 
the icebergs of the Arctic ocean or in the vast seas that wash 
the almost imknown regions that sm-round the south pole. Tliink 
of a fish, sixty feet long, tliirty feet round the body ; with the 
bulk of three hundred fat oxen rolled into one huge mass of 
flesh and bones ; with the strength of hmidrcds of horses ; and 
able to .swim at a rate that would carry it round the world in 
two dozen days ; that can smash a boat to splinters with one 
slap of its tail, and stave in the planks of a ship with one blow 
of its thick skuU. Imagine such a fish and you will think of 
.something very like a whale. 

By the by, like 
most other folks we 
have been calling the 
whale a fish. Now the 
whale is not a fish. 
But does not the 
whale live in the 
water? Cert;iinly, but 
that does not make it 
a fish. The frog hves 
very much in the 
water ; he is born in 
the water, and when 
very young he lives 
in it altogether, he 
would die, indeed, if 
taken out of it ; bui 
who woidd call the 
frog a fish? Nor is 
the whale a fish. 
Listen to some of the 
(lifFerence.s between 
a whale and a fish. 
The whale is a wanii-blorided animal ; the fisli is cold-l)looded. 
Tlie whale brings foi-tli its yoiuig alive ; most fishes lay eggs or 
spawn. Again, a fish lives entirely under water, a whale cannot 
do so ; he breathes air through enormous lungs, not gills, mark 
.vou. If you Were big enough and strong enough to hold a 
whale's head under water for a eonjiie of hours, it would almost 
certiiinly be drowned, niis is the reason wiiy it coini's so often 
to the surface of tlii^ wa(<T to take breath. AVli.-ilcs seldom 
stay more than ono liour midcr water, and when they come up to 
hrcathe, they discharge the last l)reatli they to(jk (liroiigh tlicir 
nostrils, mixed with large (luantities of water, which tlii^y iiave 
taken it] while feeding. Another great difference between a 



whale and a fish is, that the whale suckles its young, as do 
cows, mares, swine and monkeys. 

The little whale when fii'st bom maj' probablj' not measure 
more than fourteen feet long, possibly less ; and not weigh above 
a ton. The cow-whale is very fond of her gigantic baby, gives 
it suck, plays with it amongst the rough waves, and apparently 
takes much satisfaction in its gambols. 

We have read of a whale that was once driven into shallow 
water with its calf and nearly stranded. Tlie dam soon be- 
caime anxious for the safety of her child, and was seen to swim 
eagerly arouud it, embrace it with her fins, and roll it over ui 
the waves. But the calf, like many other youngsters, was 

obstinate, it would 
not budge an inch, 
and like most dis- 
obedient children it 
got into trouble. 
Some men in the boat 
of a whale .ship came 
uj) and hariiiioned it. 
The poor little whale 
darted away like 
lightning when it felt 
the pain inflicted by 
the terrible iron, ami 
an out a hundred 
I'.ithoms of liiie, but 
It was soon over- 
hauled and killed. 
All this time the 
dam kept close to 
the side of its ualt', 
and oidy when a liar- 
)0on was i)lunged 
into her own side 
would she move away. Two boats wont after her, one of which 
she cut in two with a single rap of her tail, she then darted <)fl', 
but in a short time returned to the shallow water. Ih'r feelings 
of anxiety foi- the calf had no (loul)t brought her back, and at 
last she died cln.sc b.v the sidi! other young one. 

Jlere we have a picture of a hu.se stranded whale, i lie eir- 
cuni.stanee took plan' in the winter of ISC'.i-'TO at a place called 
Loiigniddi-y, on the I'rilh of Forth, about twelve miles lii>m 
Edinhnrgli in Seotlaiid. It was earried ashore by a strong tide, 
and left high and dry on the rough, roi ky beach, liefoie hi'jh 
tide returned it was dead, and its death was .siid to have beiMi 
u veiy painful one. It was found, on measurement to be more 




l?2^ 






.« 
■V.4- 



^ 



ST so 



CTTJ^EItTILE IlsrSTI?.TJOTOI^. 



than seventy-two feet lung, and thirty-two feet round at its 
thickest i)art. It was a glDrious find for the tisliermeu in those 
jiarts, yielding perhaps one hundred barrels of oil. 

The whales are sought after for the value of their oil and 
whalebone. Hundreds of ships are engaged in this trade, and 
fighting whales is no boys' play. It is one of the most exeiting 
and dangerous vocations in which a man can be engaged. To 
illu.stnitc the strength of the whale and the dangers of the 
whale fishery we will relate the following incident; 

"lu the month of August. l!Sl'.), the American whaloship 
'Essex' left Nantucket for the Pacific Ocean. Late in the 
autuum of the same year, when in the South Pacific, a shoal, 
or school of sperm whales was discovered, and three boats 
were immediately lowered and sent in pursuit. The mate's 
boat was .struck by one <pf the whales during the chase, and it 
was found noces.s;iry to return to the ship to repair damages. 

"While the men were emiilnyed at this, an enormous whale 
rose close to the ship, which the men thought could not have 
been less than eighty-five feet long. All at once he ran against 
the shij), striking her bows, and causing her to tremble like a 
leaf. The creature then dived ;md pa.ssed under the ship, 
grazing her keel in so doing. This must have hurt his back, 
for he suddenly rose to the surface about fifty yards off, and 
commenced lashing the sea with its tail and fius with great fury. 
In a short time he seemed to get right again, and started oft' at 
a great speed. 3Ieanwhile the crew discovered that the blow 
received by the ship had done her so much damage that she 
Ijegan to fill and settle down at the bows; so they rigged the 
pumps as fiuickly as jtossible. While working them the whale 
was seen to again make for the shij), leaving a white track of 
foam behind him. Eushing at the shi)) like a Ijattering ram, 
he hit her fair on the weather bow and stove it in, then dived 
and di.sajtpcared. The terror-sti-icken crew took to the boats at 
once, and in ten minutes the ship went down. Tlie suft'erings 
of the crew, left in three open boats far out at sea, were intense, 
and out of the crew of twenty men, only five reached home to 
tell their eventful stor}-, and these unhappy beings had been for 
three months in open boat.s on the lonely ocean, and only sus- 
t;»in>^d life by feeding on the flesh of their dead comrades." 

This is not the only danger of a whaler's life. Often the 
furious whale when struck with the harpoon will dive so rapidly 
that it will pull the lioat and its crew under water with it. For 
viiu must know that the harjMion is always attached to the boat 
by a long line, to prevent the whale getting altogether away. 
Then the whale will .sometimes rise and toss the Ijoat and all it 
contains high in the air; or leaj) out of the water itself and fall 
on the boat, swamping it and smashing its occupants. Again 
it will sometimes cut the boat in two with a .stroke of it.s power- 
ful tail, or smash it entirely to pieces with that same enormous 
weapon. Simetimos the men get c-iught in the ropes or tiickle 
and aretoni in half or carried with the line to the depths of the 
ocean. }Iere is one slorv we have heard of, it is s;iid to have 
taken place on the coa.st of (ireenland. A whale had been 
.stnick, and, alter its fii-st run. the boat hauleil nj) to it again, 
and n)Wed .so lianl that tliey ran the Uiat right again.st il. The 
hariKioner was standing at the txtw all read.v, and sent his iron 
cleverly into the aninial. Iri its aimny tin' wliali' reared ita tail 
high out of the water, and the flukes whirli^d for a njoment 
like a great fan jn.st alj<ive the li.'ir|K>oner's head. One glance 
upwanl was enough tn .show him that certain dejith was des- 
cending. In an instant he divetl over the side and di.siippean-d. 
Next Dionient the tail came down on the l>art of' the lx)at he 
had ju.st left, and cut it ■•clean off' ; the other part was driven 
into the waves, and the men were left swimming in the water. 
They wen^ all picked up, however, by another lioat, the liar- 
iKioner with the rest. His quiek divi' had .saved liis lift:. 

Most of .Von have .seen whalelKuie. This Hub.stance takes the 
pl.T-e of teeth in one kind of whale. It grows from the roof of 
its month in a niimlier of bmacl tliin plates, extending from the 






back of the head t<.i the snout. Tlie lower edges of these plates 
of whalebone are .split into thousands of hair-like bristles, so 
that the inside roof of a whale's mouth resendsles an enormous 
Ijlaeking brush. The object of this curious arrangement is to 
enable it to catch the little sea animals, shrimps, "medusoe," 
Ac, on which it feeds. ^Vhen the w^hale is hungry he opens 
liis mouth, rushes into the midst of a shoal of these tin.v crea- 
tui'cs, the little things get entangled in thousands amongst the 
hairy ends of the whalebone, and when the monster has got a 
large enough mouthfid, he .shuts his jaw and swallows what his 
net has caught. 

Of course, while dashing through the sea in this fashion with 
its mouth wide oi)en, the whale must keep its throat closed, 
else the water would rush down it and choke him. Shutting 
his throat then, as he does, the water is obliged to flow out of 
his mouth as fast as it flows in ; it is also sjiouted uji through 
its blow holes, and this with such violence, that many of the 
little creatures would be swept out along with it but for the 
hairy ended whalebone which lets the sea water out, and keeps 
the insects in. 

G. R. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

« ^ 



STJLI^illlDElS. 



TIffiEE is a great deal of talk about our galena, a mineral 
that is a comiiound of lead and sulphur. It is, however, 
the silver contained in this mineral that causes it to be sought 
afler. Many years ago galena was made use of at Mincrsville 
for the purpose of making lead. 

In mineralogy the suljjhide of lead (Pb S) is known as 
'galenite,' the kind that is mined for, reduced into bidlion is 
known as "argentiferous galena." All galenite contains more 
or less silver, and there is no particular external sign by which 
the student can determine the quantity'. However, as we arc 
not after the silver but desirous of obtaining knowledge of the 
chcniieal nature of llie siiliihides we will ln'gin by studying 
tlieiii generally. 

We are familiar with the nature of siiiipli^ elements, thc"y are 
made uj) of atntiis tliat an; all like each other, as. for instance, 
gold, lead, snli)hur, oxygen ; an atom of gold added to another 
atom of gold, or an atom of .suljihur added to another of that 
element does not ])roihice a compound body in either ease. As 
to the size of the ultimate atoms, and whether the.v an; capable 
of infinite divisibility or not we need not trouble ourselves, 
those are iiuestions that jirobably may never be deti^rmined. 
We have to do with atoms in the same sen.se of the word that 
we would speak (if a particle of matter that we can conceive of 
as being capablt- of increasing in quantity by being added to a 
similar atom without any chenjical change in the natun; of 
either, as fin- instance, by adding logetlu'r |iartii-les ol'.uolil. lead 
fir sulphur. 

In our investigations we shall liml that a l.ii'je nunilier crl' 
bodies art' made up of atoms that are unlike each other, this is 
the ca.se with the snliihides. or, sulphurets, as they are mori; 
f're(iuentl.v called. Iji't us examine, for instance, galena. In ap- 
pearance it is made up of .similar particles, but, let us fuse it on 
charcoal until all that is volatile when heat^'d jia.sses off, a but- 
t<in of lead is seen. If we now Jilace thi.s lead \i]um a bone ash 
'"cupel," that is a cjivily formeil of a .suitable size and lined with 
the ashes of calcined txines, the lead will be "'.sejiarated " from 
any silver Iheri,' may be, and. a globule of the pre<'i<ius metal 



i 



5&' 



J- U -V^ E I^ 1 1-. E ZUSTI^/TJOTOI?/. 



51 



^ 



(!l 



■will remain. This is the principle upon •which our argentifer- 
ous galena is assayed by the dry method^ only that the opera- 
tions have to be performed with great exactitude. In these 
changes that the sulphide of lead undergoes many interesting 
and instructive facts may be noticed. It has metallic lustre, it is 
crystalized, sometimes in cubes that may be readily separated by 
cleavage. It appears to be homogeneous, but the moment it is 
heated sufEcientl.v, fumes of sulphur pass off that may be 
ignited, or, by suitable apparatus "sublimed," that is deposited 
as sulphur. In this state the weight of sulphur being added to 
the button of lead obtained the ratio in which Pb S (lead and 
sulphur) unite is known, and that galena is a compound is 
demonstrated. 

But silver is also capable of uniting with sulphur forming 
"Argentite" (Ag. S) so is copper (Cu Ca S) called "vitreous 
copper" from its glassy appearance ; iron also unites with sul- 
phur, forming "pyrites" where the formula is (Pe 2 S) and 
many other metals unite with sulphur to form sulphides, some 
of which will be noticed under their specific names. 

Now the student will perceive that the term "atom" is not 
appropriate to designate a particle of any compound substance, 
for the word atom means a particle that cannot be divided. 
But a sulphide is a compound of a metal or perhaps of two 
metals, with sulphur in some simple ratio, or some other ele- 
ment. For this reason the term 'molecule' is used to designate 
a mass that is the smallest particle of any substance that can 
exhibit its characteristic properties. A molecule of gold is 
composed of atoms of that mefeil ; a molecule of galena is an 
atom of lead united to an atom of sulphur ; a molecule of pyrites 
is an atom of the metal iron chemically combined with two 
atoms of suJphur. There are therefore simple molecules, viz., 
those that are elementary substances, as gold, lead, and 
sulphur, respectively ; and compound molecules such as the 
sulphides and other forms of matter where elements that are 
different to one another are in combination. 

BETH. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

K^EOOLHiEiOTIOIsrS. 

(Conlmued.) 



JOSEPH was herd-boy. One bright morning, sometime in 
the Pall of 1847, in company with his herd-bo.y compan- 
ions, whose names were Alden Burdick, (almost a young man, 
and vcrj' sober and steady), Thomas Burdick, cousin to iUden, 
about Joseph's size, but somewhat older, and Isaac Blocksome, 
younger; he started out with his cattle as usual for the 
herd grounds, .some two miles from Winter Quarters. They 
had two horses, both belonging to the Burdicks, and a pet jack 
belonging to Joseph. Their herd that day comprised not onl.v 
the cows and young stock, but the work (jxen, which fir some 
cau.se were unem])l(jyed. 

Aldeu proposed to take a trip on foot through the hazel, and 
gather nuts for the party, and by the "lower road" meet the 
boys at the spring on the herd ground, while they drove the 
herd by the "ajjiier road," which was free from brush. This 
arrangement just suited Joseph and Thomas, for thej' were very 
fond of a little sport, and hLs absence would aft'ord them full 
scope ; while his presence served as an extinguisher upon the 
exuberance of their mirth. Joseph rode Alden's ba.v mare, a 
very fine animal ; Thomas, his father's black pony, and Isaac 
the ])(!t Jack. Tills Jack had def'ornK^d or crooked fore-legs, 
and was very knowing in his wa.v ; so "Ike" and tlie Jack wore 
the subjects chosen by .Josejih and Thomas for their sport. 
They would tickle "Jackie," and jilague him, he would kick up, 
stick his head down, hump up his back and nui, wiiile Isa;ic 
struggled in vain to guide or hold him by the bridle reins, for 
like the n.'st of his tribe he was very headstrong when abused. 



No harm or even offense to Isaac was intended ; but they car- 
ried their fun too far ; Isaac was offended, and returned home 
on foot, turning loose the Jack with the bridle on. We will not 
try to excuse Joseph and Thomas in this rudeness to Isaac, for 
although the.y were well-meaning boys, it was no doubt very 
wrong to carry their frolics so far as to offend, or hurt the feel- 
ings of their playmate, and especially so that he was younger 
than they ; but in justice to them it is fair to say they were 
heartily sorry when they found they had given such sore 
offense. 

When Joseph and Thomas arrived at the spring they set 
down their dinner pails by it, mounted their horses again, and 
began to amuse themselves by limning short races, jumping 
ditches and riding about. They would not have done this had 
Alden been there. They had not even done such a thing before, 
although the same opportunity had not been wanting ; but for 
some reason, — ever fond of frolic and mischief, — they were 
more than usually so this morning. It is said that not even a 
"sparrow falls to the ground" without God's notice, is it unreason- 
able to suppose that He saw these boys? And as He over- 
rules the actions of even the wicked, and causes their "wrath 
to praise Him," would it be inconsistent to suppose that tlie 
Lord overniled the frolics of these mischievous, but not wicked 
boys on this occasion fDr good, perhaps for their deliverance and 
salvation? We shall see. 

While they were riding about and the cattle were feeding 
down the little spring creek toward a point of the hUl that 
jutted out into the little valley about half a mile distint, the 
"leaders" being about half way to it, a gang of Indians on 
horseback, painted, then- hair daubed with white clay, stripped 
to the skin, suddenly appeared from behind the hill, whooping 
and charging at full speed toward them. Now, had these boys 
turned out their horses, as under other circumstances they 
should, and no doubt would, have done, they and the cattle 
would have been an easy prey to the Indians, the boys them- 
selves being completely at their mercy, such mercy as might be 
expected from a thieving band of savages. In an instant, 
Thomas put his pony under full run for home, crying at the top 
of his voice, "Indians, Indians!" At the same instant Joseph 
set out at full speed for the head of the herd, with a view to 
save them if possible. 

He only could tell the multitude of his thoughts in that sin- 
gle moment. Boy as he was, he made a desperate resolve. His 
mother, his brother and sisters and their dependence upon their 
cattle for transportation to the Valley in the spring, occupied 
his thoughts and nerved him to meet the Indians half-way, and 
risk his life to save the cattle from being driven off by them. 
At the moment that he reached the foremost of the herd, the 
Indians, with terrific yells reached the same s])ot, which 
frightened the cattle so, that with the almost superhuman effcirl 
of the little boy to head them in the riglit direction, and at the 
same time to elude the grasp of the Indians, in an instant they 
were all on the stampede toward home. Here the Lulians 
divided, the foremost passing by Joseph in hot pursuit of 
Thomas, who by this time had reached the brow of the hill on 
the ujiper road leading to town, but he was on foot. He had 
left his pony, knowing the Indians could outrun— and perhaps 
would overtake him. And thinking they would be satisGeil 
with only the horse, and by leaving that, he could make good 
his escape. 

[To be conCinucd.] 



A LAZY boy maki^s a lazy man, just as a crooked sapling 
makes a crooked tree. Those who make our great and useful 
men were trained in their early l)oyhood to be industrious. 

IT is one of the worst of errors to suppo.se that there is any 
other path of .safety except that of duty. 



'^^^^ 



He^^« 



3el 



m^ 



yiv 5s 



J" TJ "V' E n^ I Hi E insrsTE;TJOTOi^, 



■Ml&:^l 



§)lt iahtniU $n^itn.tiav. 






qs) 



CEORCE 0- CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1871. 



EIDITOK^I^^Xj TSIOTJCa-HITS. 




ilE religion of Jesus is one of mercy, love 
and kindness. ^Vhe^e it prevails the peo- 
' pie are meek, lowly and gentle. They suffer 
wrong rather than do wrong. They never 
oppress. They never bind heavy yokes 
upon their firllows. Hence, in the hi.story 
of our world that religion has never stood 
a fair chaneo. Its followers have always 
been driven to the wall. It would be so in 
age al.so had not Ciod promised that his 
;doui should be established and prevail over 
the whole earth. In the ciise of fiilse religions 
the very opposite of this picture is the true one. 
Where false religion prevails, men persecute and 
opiircss those who are not of their own faith ; 
tlipy are very frequently fieree^ cruel, i>itiless, and do 
not feel content unless thi'y are waging war against 
those who iK)Sses.s pure religion or who are striving to 
obtain a knowledge of it. The history of false religion 
is the history of crime and the most dreadful and shocking jier- 
sectitions of men by their fellows. Man has tried to do wluit 
God never ilono ; iicid gives every man the right to worship 
according to the dictates of his own conscience, he is free to 
worship the Lord or not. Hut men, when filled with false 
religion, have not been content with this ; they have sought to 
l)re.scribe rules and fnvme religion for their follow men ; and in 
many in.stance.s liave killed them boeau.se they would not accept 
them. 

The Roman Catholic church has li.id a dreadful name for 
'loitig this bloody work. It, however, is not the only church 
that has been guilty of .such deeds ; but being a very old church 
and for a long time having great sway, its deeds arc moie 
known and spread over a larger space <]f time. 

A few centuries ago there wa.s a horrid institution cs-tablishcd 
by .sf)me of the priests of the Roman Catholic church, called 
the Inquisition. It wa.s established in many Catholic countries; 
but in Spain it exerci.scd the gre;itest sway and the most terri- 
ble mn.sequences attended it. Its deeds were peril) rmed in 
secret, and all cla.«.scs were filled with terror at its operations ; 
for no one wa.s safe; no man ajuld tell at what hour the inquisi- 
tors miglit make a descent upon his house, and b-ar him or 
some menilxT of his family away. They had spies in society 
generally and among all classes, and their victims were .seized 
without any warning. When the inquisition grew in innver it,s 
hou.se was u.sually a vast, strr-ngly-built building. Abfjve were 
spacious and splendid apartmeriLs. where its olficers Uved in 
luxurj' and ea.«t\ Reneath them were the dungeons and the 
cells. Thes<; cells Wen: frif|Uently abdut t<!n feet deip, with a 
verj- small opening fir light, and shut in by dciuble doors fpf 
imnien.se strength. I'.snally one in-r.son was enclosed in each 
cell. The pri.soners had no o|)iK)rtunity to c(iiiver.>'e. .'<aw no one 
but the .iailor, and were fed ujion seaiity and coarse food. A 
pcrfi.'ct silence was maintained, and if this was di.sf)bcyed, those 
guilty were .scTerely fiuni.shcd. The prLsoncrs' friends frequent- 
ly kni-w not what had become of them, anil were never per- 
mitted t/i kni.w ronceniing their fate until they were brought 
forth to be executed or were relea.«ed fnuii their cells. The 



6A 



officers of the Inquisition exammcd those whom they seized ; if 
the.v reflised to confess their crimes, they were tortured. It 
would horrify you to read the descriptions of the modes of tor- 
ture which were invented for the punishment of people who did 
not believe in the Catholic doctrine. Tlierc were machines for 
twisting the joints and stretching the sinews ; others consisting 
of ponderous weights for pressing upon the body ; there were 
thumb-screws also, and the rack, by which all the person's 
limbs and joints were stretched and sometimes the bones were 
broken. 

It is said of one chief inquisitor of Spain that he bunied ten 
thousand persons — his own countrymen — at the stake, and 
punished one hundred thousand more with inqn-isonment in his 
dungeons and with confiscation and ruin, and destroyed an 
equal number of happy homes. Tliis does not iudude his 
countless victims among the Jews. Dtu'ing the life of his suc- 
cessor his victims are said to have numbered nearly forty-thou- 
sand, of whom two thousand five hundred were burned at the 
stake. The number of victims of another of the chief inquisi- 
tors arc said to be fift.v thousand. The highest in the land 
trembled before this dreadful jjower. The people nmrmured, and 
often raised revolt, but wore crushed into obedience. It was a 
power that could not at that time be resisted. It is said of 
these inquisitors that they were oppressed with terrors ; they 
lived in constant fear of assassination, and they were guarded 
constantl.v by theh- anned servants. 

Strange to say these men professed to be the followers of the 
meek and lowly Jesus, and to be the teachers and ministers of 
Ilis gos])ell What shocking sacrilege! How different their 
tcai^hings and ojierations to the teacliings and conduct of our 
Lord Jesus. They hoped 

" To merit heaven by making cartli a liell. " 

We as Latter-day Saiut.s, even in this free Reiiublic, have 
exi)crienced the dreadfid effects of persecution from those who 
cherish false religion. It is this spirit that compelled us to flee 
to these mountains, and it is this sjurit which animates those 
who would still persecute us, and drive us from here ; but wo 
live in a different time to tho.se in which the early Christians 
lived or the ref irujei-s who stniggled against the wickedness 
and fal.sc dcjctrine (}f the church of Rome. Tlic Zion of (Jod 
and tlie religion thercfif are sure to prevail in our age and U) 
become great and ])owerful in the midst of the earth. 



15E A i\L\N. — Foolish s))ending is the father of poverty. 
Do not be ashamed of work, and of hard work. Work for half 
jirice rather than be idle. Re .your own master, and do not let 
sociiHy or fashion .swallow up your in(lividuality--hat, coat and 
boots. Do not eat up or wear out all that you earn. Com])el 
your .selfish body to spare something for i)rofits siived. Ri! 
sting)' to your own aijjjctite, l)nt merciful to others' necessities. 
Hel]) fithers, and ask no hell) for .vourself Sec that you are 
l)roud. Let your pride be of the right kind. Re too ])roud to b(^ 
lazy; too proud to give up without conquering every difficulty; 
too i)roud to wear a coat that you camiot affurd to buy; too 
proud to bo in company that you umnot keep uj) with in ex- 
pen.ses; too proud to lie, or steal, or cheat; too proud to be 
stingy. 



THE man who can make his own lire, black his own boots, 
carry his own wood, hoe bis own garden, pay his own debts, 
livi.s without wini- and tobacco, need ask no I'avor of him wlm 
rides in a c-oach and lour. 



IT is always in .vour power to make a friend b.v smiles: what 
a Hilly, then, to make an enemy by frowns. 



A MAN too busj' to take care of his health is like a mechanic 
too busy to tiike care of his tools. 



* 




Cr TJ "7" E IsT I Xj E IIsTSTI^/TJOTOIS/, 



53 



^ 



f5> 



S E3 J^ K. O H I IST a- IFOIE^ 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



WHAT strange view have we here? Men busy at work at 
the bottom of the sea, apparentl.v just as much at their 
ease as though they were toiUng amidst the green fields and free 
air of our happy valleys. None seem to be drowning or trou- 
bled in the least by their peculiar position, but are acting just 
the same as though they were on the ship above them, or on 
the dry land near by. See, too, there is a large lamp, shedding 
a bri g h t light 
upon some of the 
workers, bm-ning 
brilliantly many 
fathoms u n d e r 
water. Tliat men 
can live, and 
lamps can bu r n 
down in the deep 
sea are amongst 
the wonders of 
modem scientific 
disocivorv and in- 
vention. 

You will notice 
the heads of the 
divers look veiy 
large and of a 
stran g e s h a p e. 
That is because 
their heads are 
encased in a 
large helmet 
which is screwed 
on to the rest of 
their doth e s a t 
the neck, all their 
clothes including 
this helmet are 
water-tight. I f 
an.v water could 
get in, it would 
choke the diver. 
Now atten t i o n , 
and you will see 
that there is a 
long cord or rope 
which runs from 
each man's hel- 
met to the ship 
above, or to some 
other vessel. 
This is the air 
l)il)e, by which 
fresh air is piuup- 
ed by men on the 
vessels into the 
backs of the hel- 
mets of the men 
below, whicii air 
tiny iircaliif and 
without w hicli 
they Would sufti/calo. Wc have read accounts of these air 
pijics sometimes becoming ent;uigled with sjiars and pieces of 
wreck and getting torn, or pressed against some other bod.v so 
that the air could not be forced through them, in such cases the 
diver has generally been drowned or suffocattid befiire hu could 
riNich tii(.' surface of the water. 

But what are these divers so busy about? Tliey aw, trying 





to recover treasure from a number of Spanish galleons, or trea- 
sure ships, that were sunk in the bay of Vigo, off the coast of 
Spain, about one hundred and seventy years ago. This you will 
admit must be a pretty difiicult job. The history of the sink- 
ing of these vessels is as follows: 

In the early part of the eighteenth centuiy, during the war 
of the Spanish Succession, a convoy of Spanish galleons sailed 

from India, laden 
with 1,800,000,- 
000 reals in silver 
and gold, besides 
other valuable 
merchandise, t o 
relieve the com- 
bined French and 
S|iaiiisli forces at 
that time operat- 
ing against the 
troo]is of England 
and Holland, who 
had esjjoused the 
cause of the hou.se 
of Austria against 
Ijouis XIV. and 
Philip v., the 
rulers of France 
and Spain. The 
French t r o o ji s 
were at that time 
suffering greatly 
for jirovisions and 
amnmnition, their 
stock being nearly 
exhaust e d , and 
anxiousl.v awaited 
day by day, the 
appearance of the 
flotilla. The 
French admiral. 
Chateau Renault, 
sailed out of the 
harbor of Brest 
with fifteen ves- 
sels, in search of 
the missing gal- 
leons, which, it 
was feared, might 
have been captur- 
ed by the P^nglish 
and Dutch fleet, 
which niainlained 
a strii't bloclcadi' 
over the sontlierii 
coasts of S]iuiu. 
The fl.'et of tlie 
l-'rcMch ailniiral 

ellcilUMtTCtl till' 

Spaiiisli flotilla oil' 
t li e C a n a r y 
Islands, and acconiiianled them on their destiMation, the French 
admiral advising them to make for some French iwrt, where 
they would be safe from pursuit. Off Cape St. Vincent on the 
S|)aiiisli coast, they were i)(>nreived and quickly surrounih'd liy 
some of the swiftest vessels of the enemy's sciuadron, anil 
forced to take sliolter in the ]5ay of Vigo. Here a battle ensued, 
but the French and Spanish were no Miat<h for the' s;iilors of 



1 : . 1^ i 


-T^^= 


'■ \~'' 


^ ^T^= ■ 


rMh 


-^^M 




"^^ 


\1E 


;J 


-k. 


. - -"^- 




- 


a- \ 





1 



i§fet' 



^ 



>>>' 






■fST 

54 



^' 



vITJ'V'EJSriLE! II^STi^TJOTOI^/. 



i4 



England and Holland, and seeing their ease •was hopeless they 
scuttled the ships and sunk them in the depths of the bay, with 
the whole of this immense wealth in their holds, and there they 
lay. to this day in the bay of A'igo. 

The idea of so much treasure lying useless amidst the mud 
and sand of the ocean's bottom, induced a French company to 
make an attempt about two years ago to recover what they 
could from the wrecks. The proper authorities ha^■ing given 
the refjuisite permission, work was commenced, and here we 
have a view of the way in wliieh it is carried on. The labors 
of the society were at iirst attended with but little success, but 
•with improved machiucrj', at last accounts, the work was pro- 
gressing more favorablv. 

G. K. 



aa^^iae 



(Concluded.) 



JffOROXI, having resolved that he wotdd not exchange 
1 prisoners with Ammoron, took steps to accrimplish the 
liberation of his people who were i)risoners in the hands of the 
Lauianites. Of course, if he did this he must resort to strata- 
gem, for they were guarded very closely by the Lamanites in a 
fortified jjlace. He caused search to be made among his troops 
to see if a Lamanite could be found among them. There ap- 
peared to be one of the servants of the king of the Lamanites 
who was murdered by Amalickiah. You recollect wo told you 
that his .'ien'ant.s fled into the wilderness and reached the land 
of Zarahemla. This man was one of them ; his name was 
Laman. Moroni gave him instructions what to do ; and 
selected a small number of men to go with him. The.v were to 
take some sweet, strong wine with them, and go to tlie city of 
Gid, where the Nej)hitcs were guarded, and pretend that they 
had escaped fix)ni the Xephites, and had brought .some wine 
with them. Laman and his men did so, and the guards of the 
city received them with jo.v, and were verj- glad to drink their 
wine. L:iuian and his companions tried to persuade them not 
to drink the wine then, but to keep it until they should go 
again.st the Nephites in battle. But the more they tried to 
keep them from drinking the more eager they were to drink. 
Tlie result was they all got drunk and fell asleep. This point 
gained, I..aman returned tt) Mcjnmi and told him of the success 
of his pbn. Momni had everything prepared, and immediately 
gent his men with weapons to throw over the walls of the city 
of Gid to tlie Nephitc prLsoncrs who were in the cit.v. Uy thi.s 
nicans he armed all the Nephite men and women, and all the 
children who were able to use weapons. 

^^loroni could easily have killed the Lamanite guards while 
they Were drunk ; but, like all truly brave men, he was a humane 
man, and was averse t<> shedding blood unless there was an 
actual ncccwify for it. He, therefore, contented himself by 
surrounding the lamanite army, and awaited the dawn of day, 
when they .should awake and learn their condition. Tbe Laman- 
ites were terribly ,suri)rise<l in the morning to find their prison- 
ers armed and theniselYes surrounded by the .stildiers of .Morr)ni. 
They saw that it wa.s of no u.se to attempt to fight, for they 
c-ould be readily overjKiWcred ; therefore they eamc and 
delivered up their wcajionfi of war to Moroni and his nicm. 
Moroni Uxik iKiswession of the city, liberated the Nephitc 
pri.soners and they joined his army. He inimi'diately set his 
Lamanite pri*iners t<> work strengthening the f)rtifications of 
the city of Gid and al.so other jilaees; and notwirhstanding 
many intrigues and attcuipLs to obtain their freedom, ho kept 
his priwincrs stccure. 

Tliis victnrj- wa.s a great ene/mragement to the Nr'phitci and 
actwl an a .severe cheek upon their enemies. After this the 
Nephitcs Would .soon have driven out all tbe Lamanite armies 
from their countrj' had they bcjcn united ; but while Moroni and 






his offieers and men were fighting the Lamanites, a rebellion 
had broken out at Zarahemla. The rebels had succeeded in 
driving out the Chief-Governor of the land, and had attempted 
to establish a monarchy in the place of the republic. Upon 
learning the facts Moroni turned over the command where he 
was to his chief generals Lehi and Teaneum, and took a small 
number of men and marched to the help of the Chief-Governor, 
or, as we would call him. President of the Republic. In his 
march he collected all the men he could ; thousands flocked to 
his standard, which when united with the forces of the Chief- 
Governor made a very formidable force. Moroni was a host of 
himself, a man of great courage, ripe experience as a general 
and a thorough soldier. There was no man among the rebels 
who could stand before him. In a pitched battle the king who 
had beeu chosen by the rebels was killed and his people taken 
prisoners. The Chief-Governor was soon restored to his chair 
of state. Qlie traitors received trial and were executed. 

This work accomplished, Moroni and the Chief-Govenior 
maix-hed with their troops against the Lamanites. They were 
very successful ; they took large numbers of prisoners and 
released the Ncphites who had been taken captive. They jiur- 
.sued the Lamanites from city to city until they were mot by 
Lehi and Teaneum. The Lamanites were now all in one body 
and the Ncphites surrounded them. Tired out with their 
marching, both armies laid down to rest with the full exi)ecta- 
tion of a liloody contest on the morrow. It was to be the 
decisive battle of the cami)aign. Should the NejOiites gain the 
victory there would be an end of the invasion ; but on the other 
hand shoidd the Lamanites be successftil the war would be pro- 
tracted indefinitely. The Ncphites, however, were encouraged 
by their recent successes ; their best generals were with them 
and there was every prospect that victory would perch upon 
their standard. 

Teaneum, however, was the only one in either army who 
could not rest. His comrades resigned themselves quietly to 
sleei) ; but he conceived a design, which ho hoped to carry into 
successful execution, and probably, i)Ut an end to the war with- 
out the necessity of a liattle. He bad killed Amalickiah ; he 
now determined to kill Ammoron ; tor be looked upon them as 
the instigators vf the great war between the Lamanitos and the 
Nei)hites, a war which had been the fearful cause of a terrible 
amount of bloodshed, fanjine, and misery among his country- 
men. In the night he provided himself with a cord and went 
forth into the camp of the Lamanites. He unrolled his cord as 
he •went from i)laee to ))lace, so that he would not lose himself 
in the camp and not be able to find his way hack. At last he 
found where king Ammoron lodged. He succeeded in killing 
him with his javelin, as he had his brother; but Ammoron 
before he died waked his servant. Tlie canij) was aroused and 
tiny jiursued Teaneum anil slew him. He had killed th(' tyrant 
and would-lie oppressor of his country ; but at the co.st of his 
own life. Wiiile he lived In; had fought valiantly; had 
been an unflinching friend of IIIk rty and the rights of man ; in 
his patriotic effort.s to free his (-(puiitry from the presence of the 
invader had endured much suffering and aflliction, and at last 
had laid down his life to eomjjlete her emaneiiiation. He was 
deei)ly mourned by -Moroni and Lehi and all tin? Ncjihites. 

The next morning Moroni made an attack upon the ].,aman- 
itcs, in which he was cf)m])letely victorious. He slew great 
numbers of them and drove the others out of the land. The 
countrj' was freed from their jiresence and the war ceased. 
Tliis was in the thirty-fir>*l year of the Keimblic. Amalickiah 
had commenced his work of apostasy and treason about eleven 
years previously. For these eleven years there had l>een wars 
and blrMid.shed ; immeriseloss of life; indeseribahle suffering and 
all the dreadful scenes which attend a condition of war. And 
all this Ut gratify the wicked ambition of Anialiekiah and his 
brother! What a load of guilt must have reste<l upon their 
souls, and how dreadful mu.st their punishment be for the 



It^ti 



^ 

y^9 




^ 



a"TJ"V"E:tTIXjE IILTSTI^/TJOTOI^. 




55 



misery and sorrow which they inflicted upon two nations! We 
do not know where a more vivid picture can be found of the 
horrid cflFects which follow ajwstasy than is depicted in the 
Book of Mormon in connection with the apostasy of AmaUckiah. 



s: 



TSTOI?."Y" OIF 
O H TJ E. O SI. 

[Continued.) 



T h: E 



You recollect our mentioning in the Biography of the Pro- 
phet Joseph a revelation which had been given at Far 
West on July 8th, 1838, concerning the Twelve Apostles. 
Among other things in that revelation the Lord had directed 
that they should the nest Spring cross the great waters to pro- 
mulgate His gospel and bear record of His name ; they were 
also du-eeted to take leave of His Saints on the buUdiug spot of 
His house, in the city of Far West, on the 26th of the following 
AprO. Long before this day arrived, the Church was driven 
out of Missouri, and it was as much as an apostle's life was 
worth to be seen in Far West. What was to be done about 
this revelation? The Lord had given His command to the 
Apostles, but how was it to be fulfilled? Many of the leading 
men considered that in the persecuted and scattered condition 
the Saints were then iu, the Lord would not require the Twelve 
to fulfill His words to the letter, and that, under the circimi- 
stances, He would take the will for the deed. The apostates 
and mobbers rejoiced at what they thought would be the failure 
of one of the revelations given through the prophet Joseph ; 
they thought that surely in this instance at least his words 
would be vain. But this was not the feeling of President 
Young and those of the Twelve Apostles who were with him. 
He asked them individually what their feelings were upon the 
s-ubject. Their desires were, they said, to fidfil the revelation. 
He told them the Lord God had spoken, and it was their duty 
to obey and leave the event in His hands and Ho would protect 
them. 

In company with Orson Pratt, John Taylor, Wilford Wood- 
ruff, George A. Smith and Alpheus Cutler, he, therefore, left 
Quincy for Far West to fiilfill the revelation. He met John E. 
Page, who was an apostle at that time, on the road, and told 
him he wanted him to go to Far West with them. He did so. 
Just before reaching Far West they met the three brethren who 
had been left at Far West as a committee to attend to the 
removal of the poor Sauits. They had been driven from Far 
West. They informed President Young and his fellow-apostles 
that the mob hiid come into Far West and tantalized them on 
the subject of the above revelation, saying that it was one of 
Joseph Smith's revelations which could not be fulfilled, as the 
Twelve Apostles were sttittcred to the four winds, and threats 
enod them severely if they were found in Far West next day. 

They, however, turned round and accompanied President 
Young and his brethren to the house of father Timothy B. 
Clark, n(_-ar Far West. Early on the morning of the 20th of 
-VprLl — the day mentioned in the revelation — a conference was 
held, thirty-one persons were cut off from thi; Church, and the 
Apostles and Saints jiroceeded U) the building spot of the 
Jyird's House, where Eldrr Cutler, the mnster workman of the; 
house, then re-commenced laying the foundation, agreeably to 
revelation, liy rolling up a large .stone near the soutli-east corner. 
The following of the Twelve were i)reHent: — Brigham Young 
Heber C. Kimball, Orson I'nitt, John E. Page and John Tay- 
lor, wlio pi-oieedi-d to ordain Wilford Woodruff and (ieorge A. 
Smith to the office of th(' Twelve, to fill the jilaees nf lli,,s(! who 
had fallen. Darwin Chase and Xnrinan Sluanr, (who had just 
lici'n liberated fmni Iliclnnond prison, and arrivcil the evening 
previous.) were then ordaincil to the ((ffice of the Seventies. 
The Tw(-lve tlii;n offered up a vocal pray.'r in tin' lullowing 
crdcT:— BrigliaiM Youn^.', H.'bcr C. Kimhall, Orson Pratt, John 
H. I'a-'e. Juhn Taylor, Wiltord Woodniff, and (knrgo A, 



Smith; after which they sang "Adam-ondi-Ahman," and then 
they took their leave of the following Saints, agreeably to the 
revelation, viz; — Alpheus Cutler, Elias Smith, Norman Shearer, 
Wniiam Burton, Stephen Markham, Shadrach Koundv, William 
0. Clark, John W. Clark, Hezekiah Peck, Darwiii Chase, 
Kichard Howard, Mary Ann Peck, Artimesia Grainger, Jlartha 
Peck, Sarah Gramger, Theodore Turley, Hyrum Clark and 
Daniel Shearer. 

As the Saints were passing away from the meeting, Theodore 
Turley said to Elders Page and Woodruff, "Stop a bit, while I 
bid Isaac Kussell good-bye;" and knocking at his door, called 
brother Russell. His wife answered, "Come in — it is brother 
Turley." 

Eussell replied, "it is not; he left here two weeks ago," and 
appeared quite alarmed; but on finding it was Turley, asked him 
to sit down; but he replied, "Ic;innot; I shall lose my company." 

"Who is your company?" inquired Russell. 

"The Twelve." 

"The Twelve?" 

"Yes; don't you know that this is the twenty-sixth, and the 
day the Twelve were to take leave of their friends on the 
foundation of the Lord's House, to go to the islands of the sea? 
The revelation is now fiilfilled, and I am going with them." 
Russell was speechless, and Turley bid him farewell. 

Thus was that revelation fulfilled, concerning which the ene- 
mies said, if all the revelations of Joseph Smith were fulfilled 
that one should not be, as it had day and date to it. 

While the Apostles were on their way up to Far West to ful- 
fil the revelation the prophet Joseph and his brother Hyriuu 
had escaped from prison, and were on their way to join theii- 
families and the Saints at Quincy. On the 2nd of Jlay the 
Apostles got back to Quincy, and the next day they rode out to 
Bro. Cleveland's, where Brothers Joseph and Hyrum were stop- 
ping, to see them. In speaking of this meeting Brother Brig- 
ham has described it as one of the most jo3^id scenes of his life, 
to once more shake hands with the Prophets and behold them 
free from the hands of theu- enemies. Joseph conversed with 
them like a man who had just escaped from a thousand oppres- 
sions and was now free in the midst of his children. 

The two following days a Conference of the Church was held 
in Quincy, at which the prophet Joseph presided. Among 
other resolutions, the following was passed : 

"Resolved, that this Conference is entirely s;itisfied with, and 
does give its sanction to, the proceedingsof the Conference of the 
Twelve and their friends, held on the Temple spot at Far West, 
Mo., on Friday, the 2(ith day of April last." 



NINE Elders were the number of ^lissionaries selected to 
preach the gospel to "benighted" India. The Elders 
appointed to missions to the East Indies, Siam, Australia, 
China and the Sandwich Islands— upwards of fiirty in all, set 
out together in October, 1852, and t<iok the southern route via 
our present Dixie, San Bernardino, IjOS Angeles, and San Pedro 
to San FrancLsco. Like the KIders generally do, we started 
"without purse or scrip." The s;de of our animals and wagons 
at San Beruarduio furnished us with sufficient means to carry us 
to San Francisco. On our arrival at that point, our next study 
was to obtain means with which to jirosecute our journey west- 
ward. At a meeting of the missionaries we ascertained that 
the following .sums would be necessjiry to carry us to the shores 
of our respective fields of labor, viz: 

Au.stralia, $1250 00 

Hind.i.stan, 1^00 (K) 

Siam 1-'"" ("» 

China I"<"» "" 

Sandwich Island.s 10(10 (m^i 

TotttI $0200 00 



'i^ 




^ 



56 



a'TJ"V"E3sriLE XJSrSTJEtTJC}TO:Ei; 



To raise this large sum of money amongst a gold-hunting and 
strange people seemed almost an imixissibility, yet we all knew 
that we were on the Lord's eri-md. and that the way would 
open in some manner. 

AVe divided the city of Sau Francisco into districts, eiu-h of 
which was assigned to two Elders. Elder E. Ballantyne and 
myself canvassed one of these divisions. We carried with us a 
written ajipeal — numerously signed by the missionaries — 
addressed to the '"honorable citizens" of the place. Oui- day's 
labor aggi-egjted one doUar and twenty-five cents. The total of 
the days labor of all was but a trifle. 

Only a day or so passed, however, until Bro. John M. Hor- 
ner, who lived across San Francisco Bay, at a jilace called San 
Jose, — pronounced San Hoza, — heard of our arrival and of our 
fruitless eflFurts to get vo.vage money. He sent us word not to 
be uneasy, for he would aid us. The few bretluon and sisters 
in and around Sau Fraucisco raised us something over one thou- 
*sand dollars, a Bro. Folk, whom I knew in Xauvoo, though 
j)Oor, gave fifty dollars of this sum. Bro. Horner a-.id his 
brother — who was not in the Church — furnished the balance, 
over forty-six hundred dullars. Oh ! how gratefid we felt 
towaixis all these liberal donors, and to God for thus opening up 
our way to reach the countries to which we were sent. 

The niudi.ist;in and Siam missionaries, thirteen ui all — were 
soon on board the noble shij) Monsoon, Zeuos Windsor Captaiu. 
Not many days after sailing from San Francisco, Elders 11. 
Ballantyne and L. Savage, jun. were taken ddwn with that 
loathsome disease, small pox. While in San Francisco, they 
were incautious enough to exiKJse them.selves to this infectious 
malady. The remainder ol' the comjiany were ignonmt of this 
exixisure till our brothreu became sick, and it was some time 
beibre we wore satisfied that it was small ])ox. We soon ]>iit 
our i)atients in a small room by themselves, and then adopted 
every jirecaution to iircveiit the si)read of the disease. It was 
not long till these brethren were literallj^ covered with the 
disease .so that it could scarcely be told who they were. Elder 
Robert Skeltou was their most I'aithful nui-se. Notwithstand- 
ing we had ate, slept, walked, s;it, sang and prayed together, 
from the time we left San Francisco till after the disease broke 
out Ujxjn them no other ))erson took it. Here was another 
striking interpo.sition of the Lord in our behalf, for which we 
were indeed tliaukJiil. Our brethren were very sick, but before 
wc arrived at the mouth of the Hoogly river, about one hun- 
dred and ibrty miles from CalcutUi, scarce a mark could be seen 
on their faces. As we approached the Indian coast, we met 
a great many vessels and saw others laying otf in the Bay of 
Bengal not many miles from the shore. The Pilot that came 
on Idiard the Mons/xin ijilbrmed us that these vessels were loaded 
with pef»ple from Calcutta who had fled from the cholera. 

The force ol' the tide carried us uj) the river to the '"city of 
palaces," a name given to Calcutta because of the very fine 
buildings that skirt the citj- fronting the Hoogly. According to 
the at-xxiunt kei)t by the uijjtjiin we had sailed from San Fran- 
cistw to Calcutta a distiuicc of ln.'.'Tii miles in eighty-seven 
days. 

We arrived at the mouth of the Hmigly on Sunday, April LM, 
'0:5, ae«>rding to our time. But the pilut told us (hat witii them 
it wa.s !Miinday, April I'.'ith. We had gained a day by "travel- 
ing with tlie .smi" as it is tenned. 

On arriving at Calcutta. Elders Jones and West went in 
ilue.Hl of friends, and soon found the hou.sc of Elder James 1*. 
Meik. Harry MeCune, then a lad, returned t<j the ship to cfm- 
duc-t us to Elder Meik's house, where we were verj- kindly 
received by Sister MeCune, who, in the ali.scnce of licr husband 
to Kangoon. and the tenii)onirj' ab.sence of Bro. Meik and his 
c.Mtiniable family, extended to us the warm hospitalities of the 
house. Wc felt VI n- grateful, after sf> long a vo.vage cro.s.sing the 
I'aeific Ocean, to find friends on the other side of the earth from 
our homes. 







The American sliip Beuna Vista sailed from Sau Francisco 
several da.vs in advance of the Monsoon. We overtook and 
passed her in the Straits of Mtdacca and reached Calcutta ahe:id 
of her. We were not in this celebrated city many days before 
we received a note from Captaiu Windsor that he had just 
followed the remains of the Captain of the Beuna Y'Ktix and 
those of his wife to their graves, and he did not know but his 
turn would come next. They died suddenly from cholera, and 
in fact this disease found so mau.v victims on board the Ameri- 
can vessels that Mr. Hoffnacle, the ^Vmerican Consul Genend's 
flag was at half mast nearly all the while. 

Caiitaiu Windsor had been very kind to us while crossing the 
sea. Li view of this kindness, and his being a moral and well 
meaning man so far as we coidd judge, we iiromised him, iu 
the name of the Lord, that he would not only live to retm-u 
home, but that he woidd make a quicker voyage than he had 
ever made; and he had sailed over a dozen times around the 
world prior to this. Three years afterwards, I met him in 
Calcutta and he told me that the promised blessing had been 
literally realized. 

Cholei"a is a disease i)ecidiar to that i»art of Asia, and it 
gencKilly carries off its victims very .suddenly. The moniiug 
before I letl Calcutta for home, one of the seamen of the shij), 
wliile washing the decks of the Viking, was tiikeu down with 
this fell disease, and iu a short time was a corpse. The Lord 
preserved his servauts from all the plagues of that countr.y. Do 
you not think that our temijcrate habits and our moral and 
devoted lives had something to do iu promoting this i)reserva- 
tion'/ I ;uu sure they had. A. M. M. 



S$I(?cl^i |5a^ltJ|i. 



'BIK.IDS c-^3srisroT ootjjstt. 



six cccs there ■ncrc, in the nest of the bird, 

Under four brown wings' prt>toftlon. 
"Now liirdB cannot roiiul,"siiid John, "I've heard," 
And ijo, without Buying iinothor word, 

lie took one for liib colicctiou. 

Five ccjrs tlicrc were In the robin's nest ; 

Kiirl knew from John's direction. 
"As birds cunnot count," said Kiirl, "tjs best 
To take one of tlicse, to go with tin; rest 

Of the Iciiide iu my collection." 

Fonr eggs there were in the nest on the tree. 

Said Uiek, "Ujion retleeliou. 
As l>irds eunnot count, I think it will ho 
No hiirin to tlicui, und just right for mo, 

To take one for my colleelion." 

Three ecgs there were hi that harassed nest; 

And I (bjn't know wliateonneetlon 
There was to the thoughts in the ])oor ttlrds' lireabt*, 
If birds cannot count; liul they left the rest 

For anyliody's collection. 

Oh ! eirg eolleetors, don't you suppose 

You niiglit have some siiiiht oljcetion, 
Thouuli you sliould forget )iow to count, if those 
Wlio )ook at your treasures, should, as tliej' choose, 
I-'arh lake one from vour colleelion ? 



Is publi.sbed iu Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVKUY OTIIKH SATt'KUAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Hingle Copy, per Annum $2 SO. 

Hinylc Copy, /or Six Monllis 1 60. 

4W Grain brought to llilii nty for tlip .Ji'VKNW.K iNsTiiitOToit will be 
rccvivcdat tbebfnccof our pupcr— L>iL8KiiKT Nkwh lIciLnisuH. 



?2^- 



■iS^' 




