
tilinm U i\t $fix)t\ 



$W^^ ty ^ ^j$0? p^l^fe^w^ l^^^^wll^ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1870. 



NO. 22. 



T ZHI IE DOG-. 



mHERE is no need to tell the youngest of the readers of 
J- the Juvenile Instructor, the name of the animal 
represented in the beautiful picture on this page: the dog 
is too common and well known for that. But while all 
are so used 
to the dog, 
th e r e are 
very many 
items con- 
nected with 
his history, 
which 
wo ul d n o 
doubt be 
very inter- 
esting to our 
rea d e r s, a 
few of 
which we 
shall endea- 
vor to lay be- 
fore them. 
Of all the 
animal 
creation the 
horse is per- 
il a p s the 
most useful 
to man; but 
there can be 
no question 
wh a te ver 
that the dog 
is his most 
faithful 
friend, and 
he is also of 
immense 
service. The 
attachmen t 
between 
man and 
the do g is 

mutual, though the dog is the more constant of the two ; 
for while man may forget blessings and benefits conferred 
upon him, and is often ungrateful to his benefactors, the 
dog never forgets his friends. We will now give our 
young friends some of the facts connected with his 




natural history, and shall close with two or three anec- 
dotes illustrative of his sagacity and fidelity. 

The dog, fox, wolf and jackal bear a close resemblance 
to each other in every respect, except in disposition. They 

all belong 
to what 
naturalists 
call, the 
order carni- 
vora, that 
is, all eat 
flesh and 
like to live 
on that 
only. The 
dog, h o w- 
ev e r, and 
perhaps the 
fox, may be 
taught to 
eat vegeta- 
bles ; not so 
with the 
jackal or 
wolf. The 
number of 
toes in each 
of these ani- 
mals is the 
s a m e , — 
namely five 
on their fore 
feet a n d 
four on the 
hind feet; 
their teeth 
are also the 
same in 
nuuiberand 
form. But 
in disposi- 
tion, they 
are as differ- 
ent as can be, the dog alone being a domestic animal and 
strongly attached to man. The fox, jackal and wolf are 
found in many countries on the earth ; but the dog in all, 
and in all his character is the same, — he being noted for 
his great usefulness and attachment to man. 




J 



±k>i 



I 



170 



JUYEUILE IUSTRUCTOB. 







The canine, (from the Latin word cam's, a ilog), race has 
many species or varieties, some being large, others small ; 
some savage, others gentle ; but the diversities or differ- 
ences are all probably owing, to varieties of climate and 
circumstances; just as varieties, through these causes, 
exist among the various branches of the human family. 

In India and Australia the dog is found in a wild state, 
and very savage. These wild dogs hunt in packs, and 
destroy large numbers of the kangaroo, deer, sheep and 
other animals useful for human food; but in India they 
compensate for this, to some extent, by their destruction 
of the tiger, to which, it is said, they are a determined 
enemy ; and though no single dog would be of any use in 
a contest with a tiger, they can master him when they 
attack him in droves. 

In the coldest, as well as the hottest regions of the 
world, the dog is found, and is of great service to his mas- 
ter. In some of the cold countries they are trained to 
draw heavy burdens, for long distances on sledges, in 
teams, of eight, ten, a dozen or more ; in other regions of 
the far north, they hunt the reindeer and other animals 
used for human food ; and in all cases they are excellent 
to guard the premises, property and families of their 
owners when the latter are away from home. 

In all countries where sheep are plentiful, the shepherd 
dog is well known, and is of very great service in guard- 
ing the flocks of sheep from wolves, and in preserving 
them from straying away and being lost ; and perhaps in 
every country the "watch" dogs are kept, that is, dogs 
trained to keep watch round houses, farm yards, and other 
premises where dishonest persons would be likely to in- 
trude. 

Of all the varieties the bull dog is the most ferocious and 
the Newfoundland the most sagacious and useful. The 
latter are very generous and docile in disposition ; they 
an- very fund of water, and have frequently been known 
to rescue children from being drowned after they have 
fallen into the water. On Mont St. Bernard, one of the 
Alps, a race of dogs, similar to the Newfoundland, fre- 
quently save the lives of travelers win) would otherwise 
perish in the snow. Our engraving represents the New- 
foundland variety; they are larger than any other, and 
are generally favorites. 

Besides the species above named, there is the terrier, a 
very, small shaggy dog; who will kill rats very fast ; the 
greyhound, foxhound, pointer and setter who hunt rab- 
bits, hares, foxes, and other game. The bloodhound is a 
noble apeci n of the dog family, which, before the tele- 
graph and railroad were invented, was used to hunt 
criminals who had escaped from justice. This dog is very 
rare now; ami is generally large and dangerous. Bull 
dogs are chiefly raised and trained for the purpose of tak- 
ing pari in brutal and cruel exhibitions, for which their 
grit and courage peculiarly tit them; lull the bull, and 
mastiff, when well trained, as also the Newfoundland 
make excellent watch dogs. 

Numerous anecdotes might be given of these useful 
animals, many of which seem to indicate power a little 
less I hail thai of though) ; but we 1 r l u-t content ourscl ves 
With one or tWO and thru close. 

First, in illustration of the ferocity of the bull dog, we 
will relate a circiim-l ance which took place ill London a 

good many years ago, al the ti a lady now living in 

this city was living there. An aristocratic family, who 
generally resided on the continent of Europe, used In- 
variably to spend the Christmas season in London; and 
on these occasions the ancestral silver plate waa burnished 
and got up in Hue style by the servants. On one occasion 
B letter waa received by the steward, informing him thai 
the family would be in London at such a date ; and as it 



was not their usual season the announcement caused some 
surprise. However, preparations were made for their 
return, the gold and silver plate being prepared as usual. 
As this was of great value, considerable anxiety wa9 felt 
for its safety, aud to render it as securo as possible, a 
powerful bull dog, owned by a butcher in the neighbor- 
hood was borrowed at nights and placed in the room in 
which the plate was kept. A day or two before the family 
was expected, a younger brother of the owner of the 
house, who had fallen into disreputable habits, arrived, 
and the morning after his arrival he was found dead, in 
the plate room, his windpipe having been torn out by the 
bull dog. It subsequently appeared that the letter 
announcing the return of the family, was a forgery, and 
had been sent by this young man in order that the plate 
might be got out of the place in which it was generally 
kept, and he have a chance to purloin it; and while try- 
ing to do so, he was killed by the dog. 

A very different kind of an anecdote is that related of a 
professor of music, who lived in the city of Dresden, Ger- 
many, who trained a dog to such perfection in music that 
whenever a false note or discord was made in his presence, 
would give a piteous howl. Many instances illustrating 
his lasting attachment to man are of a very touching 
character. A gentleman who was put to death in the 
great French Revolution, had a dog between whom and 
himself a great attachment existed. Before the gentle- 
man's death the dog would lie continually around the 
prison in which he was ' confined ; and after he was put to 
death the faithful animal refused all food, and would lie 
on his grave for hours and days, and was finally found 
dead there. 

Another instance is furnished of a traveller who was 
going a long journey with a large sum of money in a bag, 
his only companion being his dog. After alighting on 
one occasion to partake of refreshment by the wayside, 
the traveller took his money bag and laid it on the ground 
beside him. When his repast was over he remounted, and 
started on his journey, forgetting his money, leaving it 
on the ground. When he had gone a short distance, he 
was surprised at the strange proceedings of his dog, who 
barked and snapped and jumped up at his and the horse's 
legs, in a very peculiar manner. Fearing the dog was 
mad the gentleman drew a pistol and shot him, ami con- 
tinued his journey. In a short time he missed his money, 
and in alarm, returned to search for it. In reaching the 
spot where he had stopped to rest and eat, he found his 
faithful dog in the agonies of death by the side of the lost 
money bag. 



GOTJ1TSEL IE" 1 O IR, THE 
IT O TJ 2sT G- . 



NEVER be east down by trifles. If a spider breaks his 
web twenty limes, twenty times will he mend it. 
Make up your mind to do a thing, and you will do it. 
Fear not if trouble comes upon you ; keep up your Spirits, 
though the day may be a dark one — 

Trouble nevei lasts for over, 
The darkest day will pa*s away. 

If the sun is going down, look up to the stars. If (he 
earth is dark, keep your eye on heaven. With God's 
presence and God's promise, a man or child may he cheer- 
ful. 

A sunshiny morning will como without warning. 
Never despair whon fog's in the air, 
Mind what you run after. Never he content with a 
bubble that will burst, or firewood that will end in smoke 



I 





J-UTEUILB INSTBTJCTOR, 




171 



or darkness, but that which you can keep and is worth 
keeping. 

Something sterling that will stay, 
When gold and silver pass away. 

Fight hard against a nasty temper. Anger will come ; 
but resist it strongly. A spark may set a house on fire— a 
fit of passion may give you cause to mourn all the days of 
your life. Never revenge an injury. 

He that revengeth knows no rest, 
The meek possess a peaceful breast. 

If you have an enemy, act kindly to him — make him 
your friend. You may not win him over at once, but try 
again. Let one kindness be followed by another till you 
have compassed your end. By little and little, great 
things are completed. 

Water falling day by day, 
Wears the hardest rock away. 

And so repeated kindness will soften a heart of stone. 

Whatever you do, do it willingly. A boy that is 
whipped at school never learns his Wessons well. A man 
that is compelled to work cares not how badly it is per- 
formed. He who pulls off his coat cheerfully, strips off 
his clothes in earnest, and sings while he works is the 
man for mc— 

A cheerful spirit gets on quick, 
A grumbler in the mud will stick. 



J^ILT 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

GOTHAM 



By Uno Hoo. 



IN the year 1S57, 1 resided in Brooklyn, on "the heights," 
as the high ground facing New York city is termed, 
and a very pretty location it is, commanding a fine view of 
the city and harbor of New York, and within two cents 
(the ferry fare), of the famous Wall St., where the finan- 
cial "bulls and bears" have so many irrepressible conflicts. 
The ferry boat between Brooklyn and New York is a 
rather different affair from our Western "ferries," where 
you are requested with a revolver to pay five dollars for 
the privilege of risking your life among a lot of bronco 
horses and vicious mules on an open flat. There you step 
to the office, pay your two cents, receive your neat little 
red ticket, which you hand to the gate-keeper, and pass 
along over a plank floor into a cabin, nicely warmed up 
and fitted with rosy cushions, upon which you can recline 
and read as in a parlor at home, or gaze at the shipping 
on one of the most beautiful rivers in the world, until the 
bell announces your arrival upon the opposite shore. I 
used to enjoy those boat rides exceedingly as a pleasant 
recreation after business hours in the city. It may be as 
well to remark here, that a great many people who have 
offices in New York city, and do business there every day, 
do not reside within several miles of the city proper, but 
run in and out, on the cars and boats, moruing and even- 
ing, just, perhaps, as some of our business men, having 
pleasant villas between here and Ogden will, some day, 
on the Utah Central Railroad. 

It was not far from one of these ferry houses that the 
adventure occurred which I am about to relate. I had 
been over oh the Jersey side of New York to see a friend 
oil' on one of the river boats, and was returning from the 
landing with a valise in my hand, 

"Twixt the gloaming and the mirk, 
When the kye comes hame," 

as the Scotch bard expresses it, or, in plain "American 



English," at early caudle light, when, as I was walking 
rapidly along, I felt something strike the heel of my boot. 
I stopped and turned around just in time to see a rather 
dubious looking customer in the act of picking up a well 
filled wallet, which evidently contained a considerable 
sum of money in gold and bank notes (I was about to say 
greenbacks, but it was before the war.) The porte-monnaie 
was partly open, and it was still light enough for me to 
see clearly that it contained several twenty dollar gold 
pieces and bank bills to a large amount. My first impulse 
was to place my hand upon my breast pocket, where I 
usually carried my purse, to ascertain whether it was safe 
or not; finding it all right I felt almost as much relieved 
as the man who heard that the Buucomb bank had burst. 
He ran home in terrible anxiety, fearing that he had 
bills upon that bank. You can imagine his relief upon 
reaching home to find that he had neither bills on that 
bank nor any other. 

I immediately moved on again towards Broadway, but 
had not gone fifty yards before I was accosted by a tall, 
well-dressed gentleman, with a splendid gold watch guard, 
seal ring, and the inevitable cigar, who hastily informed 
me that I had been robbed; said he, "I saw that fellow 
yonder, pointing with the index of his dexter, "pickup 
your pocket-book. If you will come with me I'll help 
you to get it from him." I felt duly grateful for the inter- 
est manifested in my welfare by an entire stranger, and 
thought I would see the adventure out, so I turned and 
went with him. We soon overtook the fellow, who had 
turned into one of the empty booths at the river side, 
apparently to count over his ill-gotten gains. 

"Here!" said my tall friend, "give this gentleman his 
purse, I saw you pick it up." 

The other partially extended the book toward mc in a 
very abject manner, and then suddenly drew it back 
again, exclaiming in a whining tone, "I think I ought to 
have something for finding it." 

"Here's eighteen pence," said my generous friend, "now 
give the gentleman his money." 

The other said that he thought he ought to have more 
for finding so large a sum. 

I then remarked that the purse was not mine, and that 
I did not care to interfere further in the affair; but my tall 
friend would not hear of such a thing. Taking me aside, 
said he, very plausibly, "the money does not belong to 
this scallywag, and he should not be allowed to keep it. 
I'd give him half a dollar myself, but eighteen pence is all 
I have with me. You had better give him something to 
satisfy him and take the purse, which evidently contains 
several hundred dollars, then, if you choose, you can 
advertise it, and should the owner present himself, he 
will willingly pay for the advertisement ; and if he fails 
to claim it, the money is yours." 

I told him I did not wish to have anything to do with 
it. And was about to turn away, when the whole scheme 
came into my mind as a well arranged swindle, and I saw 
clearly that they were in vulgar parlance "trying to come 
the drop on me." The money in the purse was all bogus, 
worth with the purse perhaps 50cts or a dollar, and they 
took this method to sell it to me for five, ten, fifty, or as 
many dollars as they could get. I turned and looked at 
them. I suppose something in my face told them they 
were discovered ; for they straightway began distributing 
tracks, and it is perhaps not necessary to state that the 
heels of those tracks pointed in my direction. I subse- 
quently saw an account in a New York paper of a member 
of Congress having been swindled out of twenty-five dol- 
lars by the same plan tried on me, perhaps by the same 
fellows, Quien sabef 




0" TJ -V E IN" I L IE I1TSTRUOTOB. 



^gf 



KWV ^ jiQ> GAP 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1870. 

EDITOBIAIj thzotjg-ieits- 




.TRANGrE stories are told about the belief 
and practices of the Roman Catholics, and 
our church having suffered so much from 
slanders we are not ready to believe all 
which we hear ; because when men are 
prejudiced against a people or a system 
they will not describe it correctly. That 
which we are about to relate, however, 
we have reasons to believe is true, and we 
suppose would be admitted to be so by the 
Roman Catholics themselves. 

On a hill in Rome, known by the name of 
Capitoline Hill, where formerly stood a temple 
of Jupiter, one of the gods of old Rome, now 
stands a church. It is called the church of 
Santa Maria Ji Aracadi. In one of the chapels of 
this building is an image or idol, called the Santis- 
simo Bambino, which means the most holy infant- 
This idol is guarded day and night by priests of the 
Romish church. It is a stout, plump doll, made of olive wood, 
gypsum and paint, and is dressed in silk and precious gems, 
and on its head is a magnificent crown of gold and very valu- 
able stones. What do you think is the reason of this being 
called "the most holy infant?" Because it is believed to be 
the exact image of the Savior, when he was a babe in the 
manger of Bethlehem. On this account it is adored by monks 
and priests with great faith and reverence. The Pope and the 
leading men in Rome believe that it can cure diseases of all 
sorts, and they patronize it. It is a little doll-doctor, and a 
carriage is kept for it, and when it is called to visit patients, 
which it does very frequently both by night and by day, it is 
always attended by priests. Its fees fur its visits and medical 
practice are very considerable, sufficient to support a large 
establishment of two hundred or more monks. Sometimes 
this doll is carried in processions, and bishops and cardinals 
follow it, bow down to and act as though they worshipped it. 
They fling incense over it, and at certain times bring it out on 
the lofty terrace of the church, and elevate it before the multi- 
tudes who assemble to see it and to get the benefit which they 
suppose it will confer upon them. 

When there is much sickness in Rome this doll is out on its 
medical rounds very often, and so successful is it in making 
money by its practice, that a most costly apartment was being 
prepared for it awhile ago. Probably there may be some 
change in the arrangement, since the King of Italy has be- 
come master of Borne, and bambino' I tine dwelling may not be 
finished. 

A curious Btory was told a recent visitor to Rome, about this 
image by one of the monks which waited upon it. On one 
occasion, several centuries ago, the doll was carried to visit a 

IperMiti who had a disease of some kind of long standing. It 
was necessary that it should remain with him sometime. In 
order to have it do so, another image, dressed like the bambino, 
was sent back to the church in its Stead. The monks who had 
it in charge, did not perceive that it was a fraud, and every- 
thing went on as usual until night, when they became much 



alarmed by the sudden and fearful ringing of all the bells in 
the church. There was no visible hand to ring them, but 
still they rung. At the same time there was a terrible kicking 
at the church-door. To this the monks all rushed to find out 
what was the matter outside. To their surprise there stood the 
real bambino, in a great rage, demauding admittance. He told 
them how he had been treated, that he had been confined in 
bed with the sick person, while a sham bambino had been 
returned to tike his place. He could not endure such treat- 
ment, and escaping from the bed and the house, had come all 
the way through the cold and muddy streets in the night to 
notify his attendants of the trick that had been played upon 
them, and the manner in which he had been treated. 

The monks who now wait upon this image believe this story. 
It has been communicated to them as a correct tradition, and 
they think every good Catholic should believe it. Probably 
many of them do so ; but it would be difficult to get other peo- 
ple to believe it. Would you think it possible that men who 
profess to be followers of Christ would believe such fables as 
this? Yet, we are informed on good authority, bishops and 
cardinals do, and they assert themselves to be the heads of 
Christianity and civilization! 



THE continent of Asia is a land of marvels to the people of 
Europe and America; the vegetation, the animals and the 
people differ so widely from those of other countries. Few 
people of other lands have been permitted to travel through 
some parts of Asia, and, therefore, mauy things are very 
strange and wonderful which we hear from there. Were in- 
tercourse and travel permitted it would not be long before its 
mysteries would be fully known, and a better understanding be 
arrived at concerning all its peculiarities. The latest story that 
we have heard concerning the wonders of that quarter of the 
earth, comes in the shape of a Tallow Tree. This tree is said 
to grow in China, where it forms vast forests, and gives rise to 
a considerable branch of local trade. The fruit of this tree 
produces seed that are covered with a white, solid, fatty sub- 
stance which is converted into candles. The tallow, if we 
might call it such, is said to be of a very fine quality, burning 
with a clear, white flame, without odor. 

It is only a few years since oil was found in the earth by 
boring, and now immense quantities of kerosene oil is pumped 
out of the bowels of the earth by means of wells. This is very 
wonderful, and had any person said twenty years ago that men 
would ever succeed in pumping oil, as we do water, out of the 
ground, he would have beeu laughed at as a fool or crazy per- 
son. But now we are told of trees that produce tallow, or a 
substance like it ! This is as wonderful as the digging of oil 
wells. Wc really know but little about the earth upon which 
we live, and the many wonderful resources which it possesses. 
New discoveries are being made every day which add to man's 
comfort and happiness. There will be a time, the Bible says, 
when the earth is purified and sanctified, that the tree of life 
will grow upon it— a tree that will bear twelve manner of fruits, 
and which will yield its fruit every month, and the leaves of 
which will be for tin 1 healing of the nations. Could such a 
tree be discovered now, how men would extol and indulge in 
wonder over it ! 



BtnunNO CHARACTER. — There Js a structure which 
every l>ody is building, young and old, each one for him- 
self. It is called character, and, in every act of life, is a 
stone. If, day by day, we be careful to build our lives 
With pure, noble, upright deeds, at the end we will stand 
a fair temple, honored by God and man. 



I ? 



J TJ "V E 1ST I L E IFSTRUOTOE/, 




173 



IFROIM: SHORE TO 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

SHORE. 



ON the 8th of September of the present year the smallest 
vessel that ever crossed the broad Atlantic Ocean, 
arrived safely in Boston. Her name was the City of 
Rayusa. Her crew consisted of two men, an Irishman 
and an Austrian, named Buckly and Primoraz, both old 
followers of the sea. In size the little bark seemed almost 
too small a thing to weather & high wind on one of our 
large rivers, much less to cross from Europe to America 
on the troubled waters of the Atlantic. Her length over 
all is only twenty feet, her breadth less than six feet, she 
draws only about two feet of water, she is a fraction less 
than two tons burden, and spreads between seventy and 
eighty yards of canvas. Everything about her is of simi- 
lar proportions, every inch of room being put to the best 
use. The captain took on board a quantity of corned beef 
and other preserved meats, Ave hundred pounds of coal, 
about eighty gallons of water, and a ton of ballast. She 
left Liverpool on Thursday, June 2nd, when thousands 
gathered to wish 
her a pi e a s a n t 
voyage. Ten days 
was consumed in 
the voyage from 
Liverpool to 
Queenstown, and 
upon arriving at 
the latter port she 
put in four days 
for repairs, leav- 
ing finally on the 
morningofThurs- 
day, June 10th. 

She met with 
strong weste rly 
win d s, almost 
from the begin- 
ning of the voy- 
age to the en d, 
and was in two or 
three heavy gales, 
in the most severe 
one a number of ships were wrecked not far from her, but 
this fragile little craft came out all right in the morning 
with the loss only of her jib. The weather was so rough 
the first thirty-five days, that the two mariners were 
soaked to the skiu the whole of the time. They could not 
light a fire, so had to live on raw meat and hard bread, 
and when the storm subsided, they thought they would 
indulge in a meal of cooked victuals they found all their 
kindling wood had been washed away, and they were 
unable to light a fire with coal alone. At last, a barrel 
with some tar floated near by, and they at once seized it 
as a prize of the utmost value. It not only served them 
for kindling fuel, but also was found useful for caulking 
purposes, and the leaking craft was very soon repaired. 
When in the neighborhood of Cape Clear, a couple of 
mammoth whales paid the voyagers a visit, one of them 
coming up alongside so near that Captain Buckley 
reached over and placed his hand on the intruder's bacK. 
They followed along some five or ten minutes, and then 
disappeared in the deep, much to the joy of the adventur- 
ous sailors. 

But at last their voyage was over and the captain and 
his mate safely reached the port of Boston, well and 
hearty. Their fine dog, however, which they took on board 




with them, died about a week before" they reached their 
destination. They were received on shore with many 
cheers and were glad to once more step on land, after 
being confined in their cockle-shell of a boat for eighty- 
three days. Neither of them, after such an awful dirty 
and ugly voyage, as the captain called it, is in any anx- 
iety to return to Europe the same way they came. 

This was a very daring, foolhardy trick, which no one 
would be justified in repeating. Look at our engraving, 
here we have one of the grand steam-ships, made express- 
ly for crossing the ocean, rocked on the storm-tossed 
waves in the midst of a hurricane. And if a vessel so 
large as this, is hurled to and fro by the fury of the waves, 
what must it be with a tiny bark like the City of Ragusu. 
The very fact of her insigniftcanceand heroffering so slight 
a resistance to the power of the raging waters was the 
only thing that saved her. 

This season is being a very stormy one. Many fine 

vessels have gone 
to pieces in the 
storms and many 
toilers of the sea 
have finished 
their labors, and 
lie midst the sand 
and shells at the 
ocean's bottom or 
have been washed 
ash ore on the 
rocks of Britain 
or on ou r o w n 
coasts. Amongst 
the last is a fine 
steam ship called 
the Cambria, 
which was lost on 
the 19th of the 
present month 
s (October) and of 
jail the crew and 
I passengers, only 
one man was saved. His name is John McGarland, his 

story runs thus: 

"The voyage from New York had been generally fortunate, 
though unpleasant weather prevailed most ot the time. Un 
the night of Wednesday, the 19th of this month, she was under 
full sail and steaming rapidly ; when some time between ten 
and eleven o'clock, she struck on a small rocky island on tne 
coast of Ireland, about ten miles trom Donegal, and thirty 
west of Londonderry. The vessel at once began to flll,ana 
the water rushed in through large holes torn in her bottom. 
The fires were soon extinguished, and the ship began to sinK 
rapidly. There was no hope of saving her, so the passengers 
were massed on the deck aud crowded into four boats. 1 peso 
were launched and put off from the sinking steamer, icree 
have never since been heard of. The fourth capsized almost 
immediately on touching the water." 

It was in this boat that McGarland was found, he hav- 
ing scrambled into it again after capsizing. The dead 
body of a lady was also found therein. All the rest of the 
crew and passengers are supposed to be lost. It is esti- 
mated that there were from one hundred and eighty to 
two hundred souls on board at the time the Cambria was 
wrecked. . , 

How sad to think that so many souls within sight ot 
shore, almost at their journey's end, should have been 
hurried in a moment from life to death, from this world 
to the next. Especially sad is it to us from the fact that 



*s 



174: 



CTTJ^TEISriLE IITSTETJCTOR. 



two well known citizens of Salt Lake City— James Hague 
and his wife — were amongst those who were entombed in 
a watery grave, thus bringing the calamity near home to 
many of us, who miss the deceased from their usual abid- 
ing places. 

G. It. 



!RiopnjjTi». 



JOSEPH SMITH, THE 
PROPHET. 




£0 time was lost by President Young 
and the other Apostles after their ar- 
rival at home in finding out the true 
condition of affairs. After holding a 
council at the house of Elder Taylor, 
who was recovering from his wounds, a 
meeting was called of the Twelve Apos- 
tles, High Council and High Priests. 
They met at 4 p.m. on the day after 
their arrival, and after the meeting was 
opened President B. Young called upon Sid- 
ney Rigdon to make a statement concerning 
his message to the Saints, and the vision and 
revelation which he stated he had received. 
6J* We find a summary of his remarks upon the 
occasion published in the History of Joseph. As 
it will give our readers Kigdon's own idea of his 
position, we publish the summary entire. He 
said: 

"The object of my mission is to visit the Saints and 
ofier myself to them as a guardian. I had a vision at Pitts- 
burgh, June "27th. This was presented to my mind not as an 
open vision, but rather a continuation of the vision mentiontd 
in the Book of Doctrine and Covenants. 

"It was shown to me that this Church must be built up to 
Joseph, and that all the blessings we receive must come 
through him. I have been ordained a spokesman to Joseph, 
and 1 must come to Nauvoo and see that the Church is gov- 
erned in a proper manner. Joseph sustains the same relation- 
ship to this Church as he has always done. No man can be 
the successor of Joseph. 

"The kingdom is to be built up to Jesus Christ through 
Joseph; there must be revelation still. The martyred Prophet 
is still the head of this Church ; every liuoruui should stand 
as you stood in your washings and consecrations. I have been 
consecrated a spokesman to Joseph, and I was commanded to 
speak for him. The Church is not disorganized though our 
head is gone. 

"We may have a diversity of feelings on this matter. I have 
been called to be a spokesman unto Joseph, and I want to 
build up the Church unto him ; and if the people want me to 
sustain this place, 1 want it upon the principle that every 
individual shall acknowledge it for himself. 

"I propose to he a guardian to the people; in this I have dis- 
charged my duty and done what Cod has commanded mo, 
and the people can please themselves whether they accept me 
or not." 

When be bad finished, President B. Young made some 
remarks, a summary of which we herewith give: 

"I do not care, said he, who loads this Church, oven though 
it were Ann Lee; but one thing I must know, and that is 
what God says ahout it. I have the keys and the means ol 
obtaining th« mind of God on the subjecr. 

"I know there are those in our midst who will seek the 
lives of the Twelve as they did the 11 ves of Joseph and llyruin. 
We shall ordain others and give the fulness ot the Priesthood , 
so that if we are killed the fulness of the Priesthood may 
remain. 

"Joseph conferred upon our heads all the keys and powers 
belonging to the ApotUeshlp which he himself held before he 
was taken away, and no man or set of men can get between 
Joseph and the Twelve in this world or in the world to come. 



"How often has Joseph said to the Twelve, 'I have laid the 
foundation and you must build thereon, for upon your 
shoulders the kingdom rests.," 

According to the appointment of William Marks for a 
special meeting to be held on Thursday, August 8th, the 
people assembled at the hour designated — 10 o'clock a. m. 
— at the grove, east of the Temple. There was a large 
attendance, everyone feeling a deep interest in the object 
for which the meeting had been called, namely, to choose 
a "Guardian" or President, also a Trustee-in-Trcist. The 
wind was unfavorable for speaking from the stand, and a 
wagon was, therefore, drawn to a position opposite the 
stand, that was thought to be suitable to speak from. Into 
this Sidney Rigdon, William Marks, George Jamea and 
probably one or two more ascended. After the meeting 
was opened, Sidney Rigdon arose to speak. Usually he 
was a fluent, impassioned speaker, and excelled in oratory; 
bu t upon this occasion he was visibly embarrassed, and spoke 
slowly and in a very labored manner, as a man might be 
supposed to do who was conscious of the badness of his 
cause. The difficulty which he seemed to have in speak- 
ing attracted attention. The Latter-day Saints, above all 
people in the world, are the most scrutinizing and critical 
when men who make great pretensions address them. 
They soon discern the spirit which possesses them, and 
quickly decide upon the weight there is to be attached to 
their utterances. 

This was a time when they were particularly on the 
alert, and they saw nothing in Rigdon or in his remarks 
which gave them evideuce that he was the man to lead 
them. They heard from him no voice or sound that 
marked him as the true shepherd. 

This meeting of which we speak was a grand gathering 
of earnest, sorrowful men and women. Tbeir earthly head 
bad been taken from them, and they mourned his loss. 
The lips which they had so often heard utter the words 
of life and salvation, and had imparted to them heaven's 
counsel and instruction, were stilled in death. The pro- 
phet of God was slain, and there was anxiety to know 
who should act in his stead and lead them as he had done. 
What better opportunity could be given the man having 
the authority than this to show the people that, though 
Joseph had gone behind the vail, there were others still 
left who held the keys of the priesthood! Had Sidney 
Rigdon been a true man, acting uuder the dictation of the 
Spirit of God and prompted by pure motives, such an 
occasion as this would have called into exercise all his 
powers, and he could not have failed to speak with thrill- 
ing effect upon the themes which occupied all men's 
thoughts. But his words awakened no emotions ; they 
touched no heart; they were destitute of the Spirit, and 
they, therefore, had no ellect upon the people, except to 
strengthen the conviction that he was not the man chosen 
by the Almighty to be their leader. 

After speaking for a short time he sat down, and as soon 
as he did so, President Brigham Young who was in the 
stand, having come there alter Sidney Rigdon had left it 
to occupy the wagon, arose and addressed the people. The 
congregation wheeled around and faced him, turning 
their backs upon Sidney Rigdon. It was the first sound 
of his voice which the people had heard since he had 
gone east on his mission, and the efi'cct upon them was 
most wonderful. Who that was present on that occasion 
can ever forget the impression it made upon tliem! If 
Joseph had risen from the dead and again spoken in tbeir 
bearing, the effect could not have been more startling 
than it was to many present at that meeting. It was the 
voice of Joseph himself; and not only was it the voice of 
Joseph which was heard; but it seemed in the eyes of the 
people as though it was the very person of Joseph which 




J TJ "V" IE IsT I L E HTSTBUOTOR, 



175 






stood before them. A more wonderful and miraculous 
event than was wrought that day in the presence of that 
congregation we never heard of. The Lord gave His peo- 
ple a testimony that left no room for doubt as to who was 
the man He had chosen to lead them. They both saw and 
heard with their natural eyes and ears, and then the 
word« which were uttered came, accompanied by the con- 
vincing nower of God, to their hearts, and they were 
filled with the Spirit and with great joy. There had been 
gloom, and, in some hearts probably, doubt and uncer- 
tainty ; but now it was plain to all that hero was the man 
upon whom the Lord had bestowed the necessary author- 
ity to act in their midst in Joseph's stead. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%\u\xMt% ol fSotttmait SSBttp* 



^i^zeK/.a-XjOO-tt. 



BESIDES materials of organic origin, that is, such as 
are derived from the remains of plants and animals, 
as, for instance, the masses of nearly all the great lime- 
stone formations, and the immense deposits of coal, &c, 
there are numerous substances found in the earth that 
receive the general name of minerals. 

Much has been said in passing along about the various 
substances of which the earth is composed, when treating 
on the simple elements. Thus we have seen that potas- 
sium, when burnt, unites to oxygen to form potash; sodium, 
when burnt, forms soda; in other words, oxides of the 
metals named are formed by combustion. 

Now all minerals are made up of burnt compounds; that 
is, they are made up of the produots of combustion. Let 
us recapitulate: aluminum becomes ahimina (clay); silicon 
becomes silica (the substance of quartz and sand); calcium 
becomes lime by being burnt with oxygen. There does 
not appear to be any exception to this rule of forming 
minerals by the products of combustion. Oxygen and 
hydrogen by burning together, (combine in the propor- 
tions explained before) to form water. Oxygen and car- 
bon, by the same means, combine and form carbonic acid. 

Suppose now we enumerate the most prominent chemi- 
cal constituents of all the minerals of our rock, we shall 
find names that we have become very familiar witli as 
students, and which may bo easily committed to memory; 
they are nine in number: oxygen, carbon, silicon, potas- 
sium, sodium, calcium, aluminum, magnesia and iron. 
These, it is calculated, form about six-sevenths of the bulk 
of the earth. If we add to these nine elements hydrogen, 
nitrogen, chlorine and sulphur, making in all thirteen 
elements, we have nearly all the constituents of rocks, or 
at all events all that generally are required to understand 
to obtain a clear idea of the chemistry of mineralogy. 

How large a field is open for the student to revel in 
even by knowing correctly the nature of a few of the 
.elements! O plus N plus H constitute the bulk of the air 
we breathe. These symbols, if we have not forgotten 
them, mean that air is oxygen, nitrogen and hydrogen; 
O plus H form the waters of the earth; CI. plus Na., chlo- 
rineand natrium all our salt of the ocean and of our moun- 
tains (rock salt); S (sulphur) and the metals form all the 
sulphurets or sulphides of our rocks. S and form sul- 
phuric acid, which, united to lime, form our gypsum 
rocks, of which we have immense beds, sulphate of lime; 
H (hydrogen) is also a constituent of many minerals, with 



S and O forming the laminated variety of gypsum called 
"selenite," one of our prettiest minerals. 

Of course we cannot hope to acquire complete know- 
ledge of the chemistry of all the rocks of which the earth 
is composed, probably that is unattainable by the pro- 
foundest chemist, but we may easily master any difficul- 
ties that stand between us and any useful knowledge of 
the chemistry of our rocks. 

Before commencing this let us reason a little on the 
general features the earth we dwell on presents to our 
notice. There are gases, fluids, and solids; organic and 
inorganic substances. The organic may be either animal 
or vegetable in nature, or both. The inorganic is chiefly 
composed of the nine elements named, but may have been 
wholly or in part derived from vegetable or animal sub- 
stances. The carbonic acid of our limestone, that is en- 
tirely mineral in the rock, may have been vegetable 
matter that has been burnt in the remote ages; it is carbon 
and oxygen; the nitrogen that enters into the composition 
of the saltpeter found in some of the mines of Tintic and 
other places may have been derived from some decom- 
posed animal bodies. 

But all the substances we see around us, if inorganic, we 
find them mainly composed of silicon, as said before, 
"one-fourth of the earth's crust is silicon." The organic 
are mainly carbon, which performs, in the animate crea- 
tion a similar part to that of silicon in the inanimate 
world. Calcium seems to be intermediate between the 
organic and inorganic world, it is made into shells, corals, 
and into bones, as well as entering into the tissues of 4 
animals and vegetables. The phosphate of lime derived 
from animal substances, like the carbonate of lime from 
both animal and vegetable sources, goes to assist in mak- 
ing up the minerals of the earth. Let us then begin to 
study the nature of our rocks by bearing in mind these 
facts: all minerals are made up of burnt compounds; oxy- 
gen is the consuming element, and is one-hair by weight 
of the entire crust of the earth. 

Beth. 



ZR^O-O-IEID SCHOOLS. 



From "Triumphs of Invention and Discovery."— 
Published by T. Nelson & Sons, London. 
[Concluded.'] 



THE scheme worked very well. The children appreci- 
ated the kindness with which they were treated, be- 
came anxious to learn reading and writing, and to be put 
in the way of earning an honest livelihood. It became 
known, benovolent people subscribed funds to promote it, 
and after a while the old stable was abandoned for a 
larger and more weather-proof building in the same 
neighborhood, where more plentiful and comfortable bed- 
ding and food were also provided. Mr. Wilson thus des- 
cribes the antecedents of the new dormitory and school- 
house: "Indulge me for a moment with a glance at the 
old public-house (now the Refuge!) Let us look at the 
upper rooms. Here were fifty youths met around their 
master (as able a one in his calling as England could pro- 
duce), listening with undivided attention to his instruc- 
tions on the 'map' (a pair of trowsers suspended from the 
ceiling), on the subjects of 'fob ology,' or pocket-picking. 
After this course of tuition, the next was the mock trial— 
an imitation of the Old Bailey Court, with a facsimile of 
its functionaries and ordeal, done with very great taste, 
and calculated to make the young rascal not only expert 
in extracting from the fob, or pocket, but clever in defence. 
To train the young novice in his first assay, he was sup- 
plied with a glass "below in the tap (now the dining-room 
of the children). If successful, then he returned for the 
purpose of reporting his success, and having a game at 



X 




J- TJ-V IE ZL\T I L E IlTSTE,TJCTOB 




skittles in the skittle-ground (now the boy's school-room)." 
Thus "the old order changeth, giving place to the new ;" 
and we may hope the transformation in this case is a true 
type of the progress of the times. 

The story of the foundation and progress of the Field 
Lane Ragged School, the next that was established, is 
much the same as that of the one in Westminster. A 
devoted missionary, Mr. Provan, about the same time 
that Mr. Wilson was going his rounds on the other side of 
the metropolis, ventured to assail vice and crime at head- 
quarters, in Field Lane and the cluster of wretched alleys 
of which it forms a part. From time out of mind that 
quarter had been the chief rendezvous of the most notor- 
ious and abandoned ruffians in the great city. It was the 
favorite resort of Jonathan Wild, Jack Sheppard, Dick 
Turpin 'and other malefactors to whose histories distance 
has lent somewhat of the enchantment of romance; and, 
till within a few years ago, some old houses were stilt 
standing, full of dark closets, sliding panels, trap-doors, 
and mysterious vaults, where the villains of the "golden 
age" of burglary used to hold their orgies, and conceal 
themselves and their booty. The district remained true 
to its traditions, and was at the time when Mr. Provan 
began to visit it, both physically and morally, one of the 
plague-haunts of the metropolis. In 1841 the missionary 
hired a small room at two shillings a-week, and went 
round to a number of the houses to intimate that a school 
would be opened there on Sunday, and to invite attend- 
ance. His only answer was oaths and laughter; and one 
company of thieves, whom he found drinking and playing 
cards, told him he would most likely be killed for his 
pains, and that the lirst day of the school would be the 
last of it. 
Undeterred by these threats, and bent upon giving the 
' experiment a fair trial, Mr. Provan duly made his appear- 
ance in Field Lane, at the appointed time on Sunday. As 
soon as he was seen entering the court, a throng of people 
collected there began shouting and yelling at him. They 
jeered at him, cursed him, and jostled him about as he 
tried to force his way up to the door of his room through 
the dense throng of people. He got there at last; and as 
soon as he 6*pened it the crowd rushed in, and the room 
was filled in an instant. There were nostools or furniture 
of any sort, and the missionary and his strange audience 
had to stand or squat down on the floor. For a while there 
was such a noise that Mr. Provan could not make himself 
heard, but as soon as silence was partially restored, he gave 
out a part of the lOJth Psalm, and invited the people to 
join in singing it. This they did, in a wild, discordant 
"way, and then, after a few words from the missionary, the 
meeting broke up. 

The next Sunday the room was packed as full as before, 
and much the same scene took place, only the people were 
rather quieter and more orderly. One wild young fellow- 
kept making noises and disturbing the proceedings, and 
an uproar was impending, when Mr. Provan stepped up to 
him, put a hand upon each shoulder, and turned him out 
of the room. This was done so calmly and suddenly that 
the man was taken aback for the moment, anil made no 
n -i-tance; but as soon as he was at the door he tinned 
round, drew out his knife, and would have stabbed the 
missionary, but for the interference of the rest. 

The next Sunday Mr. Provan was surprised to see the 
same man come into the room, very quiet and subdued, 
join in the proceedings with much earnestness, and appear 
quite a different being from what he was a week Inline. 
>Tor w;is the change a passing one. The next Sunday he 
brought his father with him, and the two became regular 
attendants. He gave up his evil courses, and afterwards 
led an honest and respectable life. 

Such was the starting of Field Lane Bagged School. A 
considerable number of lads were induced to frequent it, 
and, just as at Westminster, the necessity of providing a 
refuge as well as a school was felt, and the addition ac- 
cordingly made. From a dark, low-roofed, filthy den, the 
institution has since been transformed into a clean, well- 
lighted, well-ventilated hall. 

The establishment of the Kagged School I "nion in 1844 
gave a great impulse to the movement. The original plan 
of a Sunday School has been developed into a regular day 
and evening. The dormitory and refuge have been rec- 
ognized as essential adjuncts to the Kagged School; and 
various other charitable devices, such as finding employ- 



ment for pupils as shoe-blacks, broomers (to sweep cros- 
sings), steppers (to clean door-steps , and soon, have been 
adopted for raising the character and bettering the condi- 
tion of the tiibe of "city Arabs," the poor, friendless, 
houseless nomads of the London streets. At the first there 
were only twenty schools in connection with the Union, 
while there are now probably near two hundred; and the 
number of teachers and pupils has, of course, proportion- 
ately increased. 

The noble and unceasing efforts of Dr. Guthrie through- 
out Scotland to promote the cause also lent it a great im- 
petus, which was not confined to that country alone. 
There are now few cities of any size without one, if not 
more, of these ragged schools in their midst, to divert the 
outcast children from the paths of sin, and train them in 
the way they should go. Let us hope that before long 
there will be no town without one. 

Most of the teachers in these schools are volunteers — 
men and women who have a hard day's work to go 
through for their own livelihood before they can come to 
the help of the destitute and abandoned, and whose only 
reward for their labor and self denial is the consciousness 
of the good they are doing, — quiet, noiseless heroes all of 
them, waging a good fight, not without the wounds and 
crosses which must attend all fights with ignorance and 
vice. 



Selccf*& jpodefj* 



.A. LITTLE FOLIC SOHSTC3-- 



Come here, you grigs, 

Here's a show! 
Five baby pigs 

All in a row ! 
They came last night, 
liro wn, piuk, and white, 
With tails curled tight, 
And eyes so bright. 
It is a treat 
To see them eat, 
And hear them squeak, 
A-weok ! A-week ! 
And oh ! what fun 
To see thein run ! 
And then stop short, 
With grunt and snort, 
Poking about 
With curious snout. 
No, Master Dick, 
l'ut down that slick, 
You must not dig 
A baby pig 
1'uder the rib, 
To make him squeal. 
How woidd you feel 
Should I do so 
To you, you know? 
You must be kind, 
Or elso you'll find 
You won't come here 
Again, my dear ! 



vJXJ-^TEISriLL IHSTSTIE^LXOTOIR, 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVEKY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum $Ii 00. 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50. 

0W Grain bronght to this City for the .ii'vk.nii.k Instructor will bo 
r ecclved at the office ufour paper— Deshhet News Buildings. 



63£* 




