



VOL. 0. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, SEITEMBER, 2, 1871. 



NO. 18. 



THZiE i3:h=i=oi=ot.a.:m:us. 



f)EADERS of tlie .Jiivonilo, did you ever hear of a liip- 
\i jiupliagistV There -were quite a number of them in Paris 
during its late sieges, and still more who wanted to be. Now 
a hijipophagist is not a wild beast, this long, ugly word 
simply meaning a person who cats horse flesh, which wi' never 
did, nor have we any desire to partake thereof. Wo draw 
attention to this word, for, from the same Greek root, is derived 
the word hippiipot;inius, — a river horse, — a name that is given 
til the huge creature whoso portrait we here jiresent. 

The hippopotamus is a thick skinned quadruped somewhat 
like an elephant. It has a thii;k and square head, a very large 
mouth, small eyes and ears, a thick and heavy body, a short tail 
and almost hairless skin. Some of these creatures have been 
f lund which measured seventecMi 
feet long. It has thirty-eight 
teeth, which are subject to great 
variations, according to its age. 
The canine teeth arc enormous 
tusks, sharpened into a chisel-like 
edge, .serving for uprooting or 
cutting down large shrubs or 
trees. They an' likewise a means 
of defence. 



therein, and can 



do 



The hipi)oi)otamus is not a 
gract^ful animal like tlie chamois 
or anU^lope, nor a useful one like 
the ox or mule; still it is not 
entirely valueless. Its tusks make 
cici^lhint ivory and its ilesh is 
niuch e.stecined b.v sime as an 
artiile of food, though eerUiin 

tribes of (,'entral Africa have a, great dislike tor it. It is at 
jiresent only fouml in the great rivers and lakes of Africa. 
Form-M-ly it flnurislnd within the delta of the Nile; at Jiresent 
it is nc:ver seen within liie limits of Liwer Kgyjit. 

You Would think tliat an animal witii so large a mouth 
would have a large appctiU:, and this tlu; hippopotamu.s 
cerliiinly po.sse.sses. Some ancient writers assert (hat it l^ats 
lisb, but this is incorrect: iUs food is grain and vegetables. 
It lives entirely on rushes, sugar cane, uiillet, &c. The 
sti)iiia<h of the hippopul.tmus will hold live or six bnsliels 
of fliod. It generally f-ifd.s in the night, when it doiss 
much damage, ui'tcn destroying whoii' liilds of grain. One 
(ravi-li-r U'lls a ijueiT story of the way in which (In- Kgyplians 
try to i'rie themselves I'rom the inroads of these; be.ists. J[e 
s;iys thi' natives notice the plai'C that the hippopoLimus 
friqiient.s miiHl, and lliero plac* a large ({imntity of peas; 



when the animal comes on shore, hungry and voracious it 
begins to cat wJiat lies nearest and fills its belly with i)eas, 
which brings a great thirst. It then returns directly to the 
river and drinks large draughts of water, which cause the 
peas in its inside to swell so much that the animal dies, 
and when found on the shore it appears as though it had been 
blown out by the strongest poison. We cannot vouch fnr 
the truth of this story, for we have never been to Egypt. 

The hiiipopot;imus is amazingly strong, but its strength 
it more apparent in the water than on land. These crea- 
sures, like se;ils, have jiower to elnse their nostrils when mider 
water and they are fond of bounding, capering and diving 
with wondrous agility. Notwith- 
standing its great bulk and im- 
mense strength it is a very quiet 
creature, seldom being the attack- 
ing party ; liut when interfered 
with or wounded it becomes a 
lerfect fur}'. It has b(!en known 
to sink a boat with a simple 
gri]i, or sTi'anqi it by rushing 
under it and uplifting it on its 
iri^ad back. 

The hipiio|)otamus was known 
to the ancients and oceasionall.v 
exhibited at liomc. It is also 
suppiised by many that that 
mighty beast alluded to by Job 
as the IJehenioth was this same 
creature. At any rate th<' descrip- 
tion answers adminibl.v for the 
lippiqiotanius. It runs thus: " ]}ehold now Heheinoth, which 
I made with theiv, he eateth grass as an ox. Ivo, now, his 
strength is in his loins, and his force is in tlie navel of his belly, 
lie uioveth his tail like a cedar; the sinews of his thighs ar.; 
wrapped togi^ther. His bones are as strong iiieces of brass; 
his bones are like bars of iron. He is the chief of the ways of 
(lod; ho who made him hath furnished him with his .sword. 
Surely th(! monntiins bring him Ibrth food, where all the beasts 
of the lield play. \h' lidh under the shady trees, in the covert 
of the reeds and fens. The .shady trees cover him with their 
shadow; the willows of thi! brook compass him .^bout. Itchnld 
shnnid the river swell, he hastoneth not; he is fearless sboiiM 

even the .inrdan ciime up Ui his uth. Wlm <an take him 

openlyV Or draw a cord through his nose?" 

1'his passage is |)r. Cnniinest's translatinn, it being plainer and 
more easily underslond I ban llicsjimi' pas.s!igt; in nur IJiblc. (I. Ii". 




^' 



?^: 



^^ 138 



J" TJ ^ E IsT 1 31. E I2iTSTI?.TJOTOI2/. 



STOI^Y 






' /"lOME auJ embrace me, my son,' said M. Colbert, extend- 
\J ing his arms to Baptiste, ■wlio threw himself into them 
— ' come ; you are indeed my sou : you have behaved well, and 
have my fiiU approbation.' 

' Yes, you have indeed liehaved well, my beloved Bajitiste,' 
added Madame Colbert, alsd holding out her arms to her son ; 
'you have done right. Sit down liere near me; you must be 
hungry 1 You shall never return to that man, 1 promise you.' 
'I cannot remaiu a burden to you, however,' observed 
Baptiste, seating himself by his mother's side. 

' We will think of that to-morrow,' replied M. Colbert; ' to- 
day we will only think how we can best entert;iin the welcome 
guest that God has ordered that the woolen-draper should send 
us.' 

'Sir,' said the one solitary .servant of the house, quietly 
opening the parlor-door, 'a gentleman in a post-chaise wants 
to speak to you.' 
'His name, Janon?' 

'lie s;iys that as you do not know him, it is useless to tell his 
name ; but he is very anxious to see you.' 

'And I have no reason to refuse to receive him, stranger 
though he be; let him walk in, Janon,' siiid 51. Colbert, rising 
from the Uible to meet the visitor. 

At the first ghuKV of the stranger, as ]n\ entered with all the 
I'arisiau air of I'ashion wliieii distinguished him, Bajjtiste 
colored deei>ly. 

'Sir,' .said the stranger, bowing to Bajitistc's father, and 
stojiping to bend almost t(j the ground beflire Madame Colbert, 
' I beg a thousand pardons for having thus forced my entrance ; 
but I leave to-morrow, and the business whieh brings me to you 
would not admit of delay. I am M. Cenani, of the firm Cenani 
and Mazerani of Paris.' 

'Iq what can I .serve you, sir?' asked 51. Ci'lliert, offering a 
chair to the stranger, who seated him.st'lf 

'This youth is your son, is he not sir?' inquired be i)ointing 
to BaiilLsti', wiio blushed still ujore deeply. 
' Yes, sir, thank (jod.' 

' YdU have cause to thank God, sir; this child acted t^iwards 
uie this morning in a manner truly noble.' 

' Oidy as he ought, sir — only as he ought,' said Madame 
Colbert hastily ; fearing, with maternal anxiety, that her son 
might be rendered proud of having done his duty. 

' Nobly, madaniG. I see that you know the history ; but as 
yrju have jirobably heard it from yciur son, his modest.v has 
undinibtedly left .vou ignorant of that which has most delightt^d 
me. I went to M. Guillaume's fur a six-oud piece of cloth, and 
was informed ipf all the details by the shop-boy. Your admir- 
able child, raadame, refused to divide with his master the over- 
charge on the doth.' 

'K.xcellent, excellent I Quite right, i|uite right! () my dear, 
dear l)oy I' .said Madame Colbert with liajipy iiride, embracing 
Itapti.stc, who .st;immcred — 

' It would not have been honest.' 

M. Colbert ImA-ed upon his son with all a father's delighted 
approval. 

' You arc aware, .sir,' said he, addrcs-sing the banker, ' that 
on acciunt of his c^mduct, a conduct whieh makes a lather's 
Ip^art palpitate with ji>y, my .son has been dismissed from 
M. (Juillaunic's.' 

' I know it, sir; the shop-boy told mc so ; and on that account 
I determined to wnie here, and to ask you, sinci' you have 
already suffered your child to enter into trade, if it would suit 
you to place him, honest and honorable as he is, in our banking- 
house, where, in a larger sphere, he must make his fortune? I 
tell yon, madanie, your child will make his fortune.' 

' God bless yon, .sir,' said Madame Colbert with emotion. 



Ba]>tiste, who had hitherto listened in silence, and who now 
only began to understiiud M. Cenani's intention, cried suddenly: 
' If to make a fortune I am to leave my father and mother, I 
must decline it, sir.' 

'But I do not decline it for you, Baptiste,' said his father 
tenderl.v but seriously, 'We are very poor, my son; and I 
should think myself culijable did I bury a mind like yours in 
the narrow and confined sjihere in whieh I move. Since this 
gentleman has aiijireeiat^'d .vou so far as to come to seek you 
here, he deserves niy fullest confidence. I give him to you, sir; 
I intrust to you the flower of my family. Oh, in that great 
city, whither you are about to take him, watch over him — 1 will 
not say like a father, you are too young, but like a brother. 
And you, Baptiste, go with this gentleman ; in all that concerns 
the busine.s.s of .your calling, listen to his advice, and follow it; 
but when the jn'iucijiles of integrit.v, of honor, and of virtue are 
involved, take counsel but of your own heart.' 

Baptiste wept while he listened to his father, but he no 
longer made any objection; the desire to relieve his parents, 
and to be useful to liis family, soon dried his tears ; neverthe- 
less, the adieus were sorrowful. 

Baptiste' s young heart was wrung at the thought of leaving 
that home whose every corner recalled to his mind some sport 
of his childhood, or some fond caress of his iiarents ; whose 
every article of furniture was connected with some sweet and 
tender association. Even down to old Janon, there was nothing 
that did not bring with it a regret. 

Soon, however — thanks to the natural buoyancy of his agt", 
and also to the change of scene and j)lace — Baptiste felt a new 
life spring up within him, as he was whirled along in a com- 
fortable carriage, with a y<iung and cheerful conijjanion. 

Let us follow him to Paris, my young readers, and see in 
what manner the little wooien-drajier climbed, stej) bj' stc)), to 
the piimaelc of earthly greatness and glor.v. 

Having arrived iu I'aris, young Colbert found himself in a 
new world. All was brilliant and delightful. But though 
highly interested with all that he saw, he had the good sense to 
romembor that he must, to enjoy what surrounded him, dili- 
gently pursue the line of duty chalked out by his kind-hearted 
i;mploycr. With ears and eyes open to all he heard and saw, 
he still closely adhered to his occupation as a clerk in the bank- 
ing-house of Messrs Cenani and Mazerani. By this diligence 
and his general .skill, he sjieedily ro.se in estimation. No 
accounts baffled his scrutiny. He mastered the details of his 
profession while still a youth; and on attaining manhood, he 
might have been pronounced a thormi.gh financier. The most 
iniportmt duties were now intrusted to him ; and at length he 
obtained the groat object of his ambition, the office of traveler 
for the firm. 

( To be continued.) 



O IT XJ !?> O HI. 
(Continued.) 



T h: E 



VIGILANCE was required to couiit('ract the designs of the 
wicked, to thwart their plans and to preserve the Saints 
from the snares which were spread for their feet. President 
Young was on the alert, he scrutinized every movement, pene- 
trated every plot and, with his brethren, was unci'asing in his 
efforts to defend and guard the floek of Christ which had been 
entrustt^d to him. From the puiilie sUind he rebuked the civil 
authorities of the city fur their want of energy in the discharge 
of the duti(!S of their offices, censured parents and guardians for 
not controlling thi'ir<bildren and keeping them out of the street at 
night, and warnid tin: peojjle that if they did not ri.se uj) and 
jiut a stop to the thieving, .swearing, ganibling, bogus-making. 



^^^i 



s: 



0" TJ "V E ILTI L E IIDTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



139 



the selling of spirituous liquors, bad houses and all abominations 
practised in their midst by their enemies, these evils would 
ujiroot them and they ■would have to leave Nauvoo before they 
had done the things whieh the Lord had fommanded them to 
do. These plain warnings had their eifei^t. The Saint became 
more strict in theu- own conduct, in controlling their families 
and in opposing iniquity in every form, and good order was 
maintained in the city. 

Early in January, lS4j, a selection of Elders was made to 
take short missions through the State of Illinois and the Terri- 
tory of Iowa, for the purpose of frustrating the designs of 
wicked men, who were endeavoring to poison the minds of the 
jjoople so as to create a public opinion which would sustain the 
raising of mobs against the Saints and justify the commission 
of outrages upon them. In the last number we alluded to the 
false reports which were circulated about the people of Nauvoo, 
and which were published by some of the newspapers. From 
these false reports many were led to suppose that the Saints 
were people of very bad habits and wicked character; for 
numbers had no means of knowing the truth concerning them. 
By sending Elders out they could correct misrepresentations, 
dissipate many prejudices, impart correct information concerning 
the motives and conduct of the Saints, and thus counteract the 
schemes of the mobbers. 

About the time these Elders were called and set apart for 
this mission, an Epistle was prepared by the Twelve Apostles, 
and sent forth to the Church in all the world. IIoj)eful and 
zealous themselves in their labors, the Eiiistle breathed this 
spirit. It gave a cheerfid description of the i)rogress made in 
building the Temple, and the anticipations in which they 
indulged respecting certain portions of it being finished by the 
succeeding Fall, so that they could begin to give the Saints 
their endowments in its rooms. Of the Saints abroad who 
desired to share with them tlie labor, as well as the glory, of 
building the Temple, they made several re(iuests. All the 
young, middle-aged and able-bodied men who had it in their 
hearts to help at this work were requested to come to xSauvoo, 
jirepared to stay during the Summer, furnished with means 
with which to sustain themselves, and "to bring with them 
teams, cattle, sheeii, gold, silver, brass, iron, oil, paints and 
tools," and those who were within market distance of Nauvoo 
were requested to bring with them provisions to sustain them- 
selves and others during their stay. The branches of the 
Church were asked to send all the money, cloth, clothing and 
raw materials for manufacturing purposes they could. Tlie 
.subject of tithing and its imitortance was referred to, and the 
Saiuta were warned not to trust or pay their money to impos- 
tors; but to responsible agents who had written authority Irotn 
the Ajiostles and who.sc names were i)ublished in the Times and 
Seasons. This Ei>istlo was of great worth to tlu> Saints, cs|)eci- 
ally to those wlio had not UKJved to Nauvoo. It cheered, com- 
forted and instructed th(,'m ; and from it they gathered coun.sel 
and ideas that were iirei-ious to them. 

The (|Uoriniis of Seventies had linished a vei-y goml hull, in 
which to hold their meetings; a Concert Hall was also luiilt 
with the view to promote the cultun^ of music. Until these 
were erected, the hall over the I'roplu^t Jo.seph's st<ire was tlu! 
only one in Nauvoo wlierc a congregation could be gathereil. 
The Jiigh I'riests fidt that they were siiHieiently numerous and 
important t<j have a hall for tlu'ir use ; but, at their meeting on 
the lilUh of January, 1>>1.J, I'resident Young suggested to tiiejii 
that instead of erecting this building, they devott; their means 
U) the c<jmplction of the ujipcr story of the Temple, in which 
tliey e<juld rewive their washings, aiKiintings and endownn iits. 
This pnj|)osition they accei)ted by a unanimous vote. 

The City Charter of Nauvoo had proved a bulwark of 
liberty to the jjcople. liibcral in it*; provisions ami powers, it 
giuranteed to the citizens under its jurisdietion proteition (mm 
the plots of wicked and dcHigning men. It had been gninted 



by the Legislature of the St<xte of Illinois at a time when 
mobocrats did not c-ontrol the State, and when it was not con- 
sidered a crime to treat the Latter-day Saints with humanity 
and that degree of fairness to which, as American citizens the}' 
were entitled. One of the sections of that Charter provided that ; 

"All power is granted to the City Council, to make, ordain, 
establish and execute all ordinances not repugnant to the 
Constitution of the State, or of the United States, or, as they 
may deem necessai-y for the jtcacc and safety of said city." 

Under this authority the City Council passed an ordinance to 
prevent the citizens of Nauvoo from being carried off by an 
illegal process. If any person thought he was illegally seized, 
he coiJd, under that ordinance, claim the right of habeas corinis, 
to try the question of identit.y. The I'rophet Joseph had 
found this ordinance very useful when the attempt was made to 
kidnap and carry him off illegally to the State of jMissouri. 
The uumiciiial authorities of Nauvoo, through the power 
granted in the Charter of the City, stepped forward and inter- 
posed its authority, tested the validity c)f the acts of his captors 
and decided, upon abundant evidence, that they were vexatious, 
without justification or the shadow of law, and were designed to 
deprive .him of his liberty and jirobaiily of his life. After a 
fair trial befiu'e the court, the I'rophet was released, and his 
persecutors were foiled. This enraged them. 3Iobbing, hal- 
ing to prison and killing Latter-day Saints had been an amuse- 
ment of theirs for some years; they had indulged in it with 
impunity. But now they were checked. The City of Nauvoo 
had a charter, it had ordinances and officers, and it interposed 
between these ruffians and their victims. It virtually said that 
all men had rights which, within its jurisdiction, must bi^ 
respected — that Latter-day Saints, as citizens, had as good a 
right to life, liberty and the pursuit of haiipiness as the peojile 
of any other church, city or State in the United States. This 
was new doctrine to mobbers, and it was the more unpalatable 
and aggravating because the Latter-day Saints had the legal 
right, under the City Charter, to enforce it. A great outcry 
was immediately raised by these people against the Charter. 
Politicians, always ready to desert and sacrifice principle fi)r 
IKijnilarity, thought tht^y could gain fiivor by joining in the 
clamor. To gain a few votes they were ready to strip the jieo- 
ple of Nauvoo of every right and to abainlon them to the 
attacks and machinations of a band of wretches who were more 
cruel and pitiless than savages or wild lieasts. Even Thomas 
Carlin, Governor of the Stiite of Illinois in ISlii, in his 
anxiety to pander to the mob, denounc(;d the City Council of 
Nauvoo for its action hi passing this tn-dinauc(^. lie said it was 
most absurd ami riiliculous to think that power was granted to 
release jiensons held in custody under the authorit.v of writs 
issued by tin? court.K, or the Kxeculive of the State, and that 
an attempt to exercise this jiower would he a gross usurpation 
and could not be tolerated. He was desirous that the I'rophet 
Joseph should be carried into IMissouri, and he asscrt<d that 
no court on earlli had any juiisdiction of his case, but the 
courts of that State! With ciiual propriety and justice he 
could have said to a pi'rson who had fallen among thieves, been 
stripped by them and barely e.scaped with his life, that he must 
givi; liinisclf up to them again whenever the.\ deniaudcd him, 
for they were the only ones who had the right to s;iy whether 
he .should live (jr not! Ih- had such regard fiir the scoundrels 
and murderers, which were liamled together with the ileternii- 
nation to destroy the I'rophet Jo.-ieph, that he slid : "lu" had not 
the most distant thought (hat any person in lllinois,in- .^Ii.s.souri, 
cont<'nipIated per.son^il injioT to ,A|r. Smith, by violence in any 
manner whatever 1" Could he have? had his way liie I'l-ophet 
would have been deliv<'riil, hound hand and fool, into the hands 
of the murderous mob of ,\|issouii for them to have wreaked 

their vcngianee u| him; but the city charter of Nauvoo was 

a bulwark whieh he an<l others could not very well overriile or 
throw down. 



W 



I 



*y- 



h^^' 



5rC'V( 



l**; 14:0 



® 



^ 



0" TJ ^ E Isr I Hi E IJ^STI^/TJCTOI^. 



'^^M 



c^ 









f 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - EDITOR. 

SATUEDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1S71. 

EiDiToi?.!^!.. ts:oxjc3-h:ts- 



EMEMBER the Sabliath dny, t(.i keep it 

loly. Six Jays sluJt thuu labor, and do all 

thy work ; but the seventh day is the 

Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou 

shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy sou, 

nor thy daughter, thy iuan.ser\'ant, nor thy 

maidservant, nor thy eattle, nor thy stranger 

that is within thy gat^s; for in six days the 

Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all 

that in them is, and rested the seventh day ; 

wherefore the Liird blessed the Sabbath day, and 

hallowed it." 

This was one of the eommandments of tlie 

'Jl'^ liord whieh lie gave to the ehildren of Israel in 

^ the wilderness, and whieh they were reijuired to 

observe with great strietness. It was a law that was 

alwavs observed bv the Jews , in fact, so strict were 




they respecting the 



liatli dav in the davs of Jesus 



that tlie.v found fault with liim fiir healing the sick on 
that day and wltli his disciples for ]iliicking ears of 
wheat and I'ating them, and .lesus had to remind tln'm that the 
Sabbath was created for man and not man for the Sabbath. 
Instead of observing the da.v in the true spirit of devotion and 
fear of (Jod, tlu'.v oliserved it in a sjiirit of li.vpocrisy and cold 
tornialily which was displeasing in the sight of (iod. Never- 
theless, tliis conunand respecting the Sabbath day was still in 
force, aud though tlie Pharisees did not observe it ]iro])crl7', 
tliat was no reason why it should be disregarded. 

There are many people who despise thi' niaiin( r in whicli 
sectaniins observe the Salitiath, and perceiving their li.vpocrisv 
respecting it, run to the opposite extreme and ujake the day one 
of pleasure and recreation. In the revelations which the Ivord 
gave t« the I'rophet Joseph, found in the Rook of l>octriiic and 
C'ovenantfi, He gives to tlie Church of Jes\is Christ of Latter- 
da.v Saints a plain npnimand?neut, concerning this da.v. The 
]»nl says : 

"And that thou niayest UKU-e' I'ully kicp thyself mispiptlcd iVonj 
the world, tliou .shalt .go to the house of jirayer aud oiler up (liy 
sai.Tanient.s upon my holy day ; for verily this is a da.v appointed 
unto you to rest from your laltors, and to pay thy di!votions 
unto the Most High; noverthehrss thy vows shall be offered uji 
in rightc<)usn(;.ss on all days, and at all times; but remember 
that on this t\\r I/ird's da.v, tho\i shalt offer thine oblations ami 
lli.V sjieraments unto the jMost Ili.irh, confessing th.v sins unto 
tbv bp'threii, ami before the Lord. 

" .\iid on this day thou shalt do none other thing, only let 
thy food be prcpar.'d with singhnicss of heart that thy fasting 
may In' pi;rfi'ct ; or, in other words, that thy jo.v may hi; full.' 

"And the inhabitaiiLs of /ion shall, also, obsi-rvo (he Sab- 
bath ilay to kicp it holy ' 

This <innmandnicnt is liinding upon ever.v member of the 
Chureh, as mueh so as the eommandnient which We gave at the 
l>eginning of this article was upon the children of Israel. Rnt 
bow many are there among us who observe this with the 
profH^r spirit? Wc notice that tliere is a growing inclination in 
this city to make the I/ird's day a day of pleasure and amnse- 
ment. Many people, if they wish to make a visit to their 
friends or to go out of the city on an excursion select that day 



in jirefereuce to aJl others, and absent themselves from meetings 
for the puriiose, as they think, of enjoying themselves; this is 
not only wrong, but any person who jnirsues this course will 
grieve the Spirit of Gk)d and bring condenniation ii]ion himself. 
If people desire to spend a day in amusing themselves or in 
recreation, they should select some titlier day for that purpose 
than Sunday. That day should be devot<;:d to the worship of 
CJod, as the Lord says on that day we should do no other thing 
thau to i)repare our food with singleness of heart. It is a com- 
mon practice with many j)eople, if they have a journey to make, 
to so arrange their travel that they will be on the road on 
Sunday. Some men, also, if they have any distance to go for 
wood or hay, or some other article, contrive t<3 get back on 
Suuda.v. Such j>eople imagine, probably, that they save a day 
)iy this jtraetice, and that they gain so much. Foolish idea ! 
They lose instead of gain. A man deceives himself when he 
thinks that, by working on Sunday, he advances his labor or 
his interests. So also with those who take that day for excur- 
sions and pleasure hunting. A man who strictly confines iiis 
labors to six days, and will not work himself, nor suffer his 
animals to work on Sunday, will perform more labor during the 
j'car and bo prospered to a far greater extent, than the man 
who is careless ujjon this jioint. So also with tliose who seek 
])lo;isure ; they lose by using the Salibath for that purjiose. If 
they Would select some other day, they would find themselves 
better off at the end of the year than they woukl be in using 
Sunday for this purjiose. It should be an inflexible rule with 
every man, woman and child in the Church, to hold Suuday 
sacred for the worshij) of the Lord, and never to jierform any 
labor on that day if it can possibly be avoided. 

The children of Israel observed the seventh day of the week, 
which is our Saturday. We observe the first. The reason of this 
is that after the resurrection the disciples of Jesus obser\'ed the 
day of His resurrection, which was Suuda.\', as a holy day of rest. 



1 



N a book lately published by ^fr. Richard J. Rush, entitled 
"Jieind(!er, J>ogs and Snow-shoes," lieing a journal id' 
Siberian travel and explorations, he relates an incident which 
.gives us an idcia of the strength of the t<!cth and jaws of tlii' 
Cossacks. Ho says, " one day we wanted a few uails to repair 
a box. A board was finuid in which the nails were so tightly 
driven that wc could not get them out with our hatchet. 
Yakof, a Co.ssack, settled the dilliculty. Kneeling down upon 
the board, he took hold with his teeth u]>ou the head of the 
nail, and fairly jinlled it out. Swarlz, thc^ interpreter, said that 
this strength of teeth and jaws was not muisual. In bn.ving an 
axe they always, test its ((nality by trying to bite the edge off; 
if it will stand their teeth it will stand any wood." 

The same traveler ndatcs several incidents whii-h show that 
these peojile have enormous appetites. They had three natives 
travt'ling with them ; "one of them had been sent back on an 
errand. The two others sat down to their sujijier. First, they 
made away with a gallon kettle of hot tea. Tlu^n they jire- 
jiared a four quart kettle full of boiled fish and soup. Just as 
this was dispatched, thiur comrade returned, an<l the same ])ail 
was twice filled with boiled beef, all of which was devoured by 
llie three, the bones being cracked flir the marrow. They tluMi 
rinscMl out the pail and cook<'d it full of ' crupa,' a kind of 
mnsli which went the way of the fish and beef. Tliey then fell 
upon 'nkale,' or dried salmon, devonring even (he skin, aft<'r 
broiling it over a fire. 'J'hen (bey built their own camp-fires and 
began to co(]|i another meal. \\\^ did not keep any account of 
the dishes, but the last thing after retiring was the cracking of 
beef-bones to get at the marrow. Swartz tells us that, a few 
months before, a number of horses had been sent to Ajan in 
charge of half a dozen Cos.s;icks. One horse broke its leg and 
had to he killed. At evening the six Cossacks sat down to the 
carcass, and in the morning thcn^ was nothing left (jf it but the 
bones; even the head anil entrails had lieeri eaten." 



^ 




% 



J-TJ'VEZSril-.E IltTSTI^TJOTOie/. 



14:1 



The Digger Indians have had the credit of being large eaters; 
but we imagine it would be difficult to find six of them who 
could, at one meal, eat the carcass of a horse, including the head 
and entrails. But if these pwpio are heavy feeders, they also 
have a wonderful capacity for enduring cold. When Mr. Bush 
and his party could not expose their ears for two minutes with- 
out having them frozen, the natives would go for an hour at a 
time bare-headed, their fur hoods being thrown back. One 
day Mr. Bush partly froze his fingers in lighting his pipe by 
means of flint and steel ; the operation did not occupy three 
minutes; at the same time the natives had "been working for 
half an hour with naked hands, loading the deer, handling 
packages, and lashing them together with seal-skin thongs." 



[For the Jincnilc Illslnictor, 



i 



iDEao:M::posiTio2sr isro 2. 



I 



ELECTIVE affinity is a property belonging to bodies, in the 
same way that we have preferences for certain things, to the 
exclusion of others ; the lowest forms of matter appear to have 
that choice. When half a grain of nitrate of silver is diffused 
in solution through a hundred ounces of water, a few drops of 
common salt will gather together all the silver by forming a 
chloride that renders the water perfectly opaque. This is won- 
derful, but nothing compared with the operations of the French 
chemists, who actually collect the chloride of silver that is 
present in sea-water where the pro)wrtion of silver is very much 
smaller. These facts may be used to prove the extreme divisi- 
bility of matter as well as the property called elective affinity. 
But, were there no .such affinity, there would be no roasiiti why 
oae clement should sei>arate from another, with which it is 
already combined, to combine with some other. 

This kind of operation is however constantly going on and 
is productive of the jAenomena of decomposition. Bodies 
naturally scjiaratc, when circumstances are favorable to their so 
doing, if they can unite with oth(!rs for which they have this 
preference, or, elective affinity. Water that is chemically pure 
imdergoes no change, the elements that form the water arc 
exactly balanced, pass the vapor of water over red hot iron the 
elemcnt-s of the water dissolve partnership, the oxygen unites 
to the iron and hydrogen is eliminated. So, also, hydrogen 
may be .separated from chlorine but not in the same way; pour 
hydrochloric acid cm zinc, hydrogen jiasses off and chloride of 
zinc is formed. Whenever three substances arc present and 
one is found to comhin* with one of them in preference to the 
third, it is the result of that i)roperty of matter known as 
".single affinity," which under such circumstances is called 
"elective." 

A large number of instances of this kind of affinity, or attrac- 
tion or chemical force, have been brought forward fi-om time 
to time in tlu'se articles to fumiliarize the young student with a 
knowli^dge rif first principles. No one knows the cause ofthe.se 
things, they are effects; an<l, all the i>roeesses of thi> laboratxiry 
are understood just in prop<jrtion as we understand the laws 
that gov(Tn these effects. 

Nor does it eoncem us to know the "reason" of these pro- 
perties of matter whi<h doubtless are only the exhibition of the 
individuality of l)odies, each clement acting its part well in its 
liniiti'd spliere. Put a jMirtifin of a .solution of baryta into a 
dilute solution of nitric acid, and another portion into dilut«> 
Milphurie aei<l an<l notice the diftVrence, in th.' first exi)eriment 
thcr.- is no visible change, in the last a preciliitate falls. But 



in both a change has taken place, the baryta is dissolved by the 
nitric acid, that is, it has entered into combination with it; but 
it has cfimbined also with the sulphurit^ acid, althougli in a 
different manner, fiirming a sul|ihate of baryta, in one c;ise 
forming a soluble and in the other an insoluble compound. 

Here we .see another instance of single affinity extended in 
two different )uodes; when baryta is added Up nitric aci<l, 
nitrate of baryta is formed, when Iiaryta is added to sul|ihuric 
acid an insoluble precipittite apiicars. If we now wish to see 
which of these acids has the stronger (elective) affinity fin- 
this base (baryta) we have mily to add suli)huric acid to the 
solution of nitrate of baryta when the insoluble sulphate 
(.sulphate of baryta) is instantly visible, having forsaken the 
nitric to unite with the sulphuric acid. 

Suppose we now represent these changes in the form of an 
equation to make them betUn- understood : Ba () (oxide of 
barium) i)lus N fi (nitric acid) i)Ius S I! (.sulphuric acid) is 
equal to Ba O, S 3 (sulphate of baryta) plus X T) O (nitric 
acid) the elements of water not being added to either side of 
the equation. 

BETH 



[For thf ./((iviiilc Jfislructor, 






OTJK> nsr^^iviiE 



IT is a very common thing for men and wonien in the world 
Ui make fun of the name of our t'hureh, and to call us by :ill 
kinds of nicknames instead thereof, .such as "Jbirmon" and 
"Mormonite." These names have been given to us as a mark 
of contempt, fir the reason that we believe that the Book of 
Mormon is a divine record, tran.slated into the English language 
by the power of God. But our true name, that which tied om- 
Heavenly Father himself has given us is that of Saints, and 
His Church is known as the Churt'h of Jesus Christ of Latter- 
day Saints. 

Now in the world, men have very strange ideas of what a 
Saint is. They t^dk of St. I'eter, St. John and St. I'aul and 
other of the scr\'ants of God who lived when Jesus was on the 
earth, or..shortly after His death, but do not believe that there 
are any Sauits alive now. The Bouian Catholic eiiuivli, how- 
ever, believe in a great number of saints, and the ninuber is 
being constantly increased. Thus when a man or woman dies 
whom they esteem a very holy p. 'rson in life and conduct, tin • 
1 'ope will canonize him; that is he will declare the deceased 
penson a saint and have his name enmlled in tlu" catalogue (d 
the saints, which catalogue is called a canon. Now a saint 
according t<j the Ivonian Calholii- idea is any one who has been 
canonized by the I'o)"', according to the ideas of other Chris- 
tians it is parlieiihirly applied to the Apostles and other holy 
persons mentioned in the New Testament. But the truth is a 
Saint is a servant of the most high < iod, as m<'mbers of the 
Church of Jesus Chri.st. This is the name by wliieh the peo- 
l>le of Cod are known throiigliout the Bible, from ( Icn.'sis to 
Bevelations, from the age of Enoch, to the days of St. .lolin, 
and it is said that this name occurs m<n-e than ninety tim<'s in 
that sacred record. 'J'he name of Christian was first given lo 
the; members of the ancient Clinrch in derision by some id" the 
wicked at Aniioch, just as we are called by the s;inie spirit 
"Mormon." 

Now there an' a gn^il many eliMrelies in exislcnee m lliesc 
days, who.se mi'iiibers jn-oiess lo b.'lieve in Jesus as the .ml.v^ 
begotten Son of (Jod ami tic Savior of th.' world, .vet none of 
thes<! churches are called after His name. Some are called 
after some UK hI' of .ondnet or \V(n-sliip peculiar to them as a 
sect, as the Baptisf.s, the Methodist, llw <,>uak.-rs, th.' Shakci>s, 
.S:e.' Others because llfy are established liy law in c.Mtam 
kinds as the proper reliirion of the p.'ople. 1.. whieh the state 









V 



^ 14S 



CTTJ'VEnsriXjEi ZZSrSTS^yTJOTOI?.. 



■^m 



gives its aid, support aud influence, such are the Church of 
England and the Church of Rome. Others, again, are called 
after their founders or first preachers, as the Wesleyans after 
Wesley, the Lutherans after IMartin Luther. Then we have 
many sects who are known by the general name of Protestants, 
because they protest against the doctrines of the Roman Catholic 
Church ; others, again, dissent fami the ideas of the Protestants 
and are called Dissenters, and in this way is the so-uiUed Chris- 
tian church split up into fragments, divided in doctrine, and 
known hy numerous names. Not one, h.iwever, calls itself 
directly the Church of Jesus Christ. Eat Clod in these days, 
wh'dst revealing the laws and ordinances of Uis Church, also in 
His kindness gave His Church a name, and declared "thus 
shall my Church be called in the last days, even the Church of 
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints." 

Of course all Saints should be good, because God is good, and 
He loves goodness in His people ; but the name loes not imply, 
as some people think, that we pretend to be pet tVc:., or that we 
esteem ourselves tfl be without sin. All we clain as Saints is 
that we are members of God's Church, know i by the same 
name, obedient to the same gospel, guide 1 by tha same priest- 
hood as were His people in past ages, a id we also claim that 
there was a Church of Jesus Christ on the earth in the days of 
I'jnoch, of Abraham, of Mo.ses, of Nephi, of Al.tia and of many 
others who looked forward to the day when the Savior should 
come and be slain for the redemption of the world, so also was 
there a Church of Jesus Christ both in Asia and America in 
the days when He and His Apostles dwelt h ;re. These all 
were the Saints of former days. Now that the same Church 
exists on earth, it is the Church of J esus Christ, and, as it was 
anciently. His people are still called Saints. But these being 
the last days, the dispensation of the fullness of times, the 
(,'hurch is specially designated, the Church of Jesus Christ of 
Litter-day Saints, to distinguish its members from the Saints of 
firmer times. It is for this rca.son that G(3d gave His Church 
the name of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, 
and we, obedient to the heaveidy command, have assumed that 
name with joy and thankfulness, and own ourselves members of 
the true Church of the Savior. 

G. R. 



A. STTOAATEK. OF Hj'EJ^JD. 



i^LACK, and round, and smooth, and shining — did you ever 
) wonder how they were made ? Shot, I mean. 

Do you know how they go away up to the top of a high 
tower, on an elevator, in the shape of "pigs" of lead, and 
come tumbling down a long, dark hole, little, round, hot shot'/ 

The truth is, I don't suppose 3'ou know much alxiut it. If 
yon do, you needn't read this account ; but if you don't, 
Ii(>rhaps you would like to hear. 

The first thing to do, when you go into a shot tower to see 
shot made, is to 8t<;p on to an elevator. That is, in well-regu- 
lated shot towers; and I wouldn't advise you to vi.sit any other, 
fur a climb up the long, weary flights of stiiirs, that wind round 
and round the building, must be very tiresfjmc work. 

An elevator, when you step on it, seems to be merely a piece 
of the floor, and you .'ttand there, holding on to an iron rid, 
when suddenly it begins to ri.se. You must kec|> very still, for 
if you put your head out one .side, you'll get a dreadful bum]) 
on .some of the floors you go through. 

Up, up you go; if you look up, it seems as if you were 
taking a ride to the top of a long stove pipe. Every few 
•I'M^onds you come to another floor, or get a glimpse out of a 
narnpw window. 

After a ride of three minutci), though it seems much loncer, 
you reach the t<jp, and the elevator becomes a jiart of the floor 
I if a httlc, round room at the very top of the tower. 



The first thing you do, I think, is to step on to the top, 
where you will get the funny sensation of standing on nothing' 
or next to nothing, ever so f^ir above the world the tower slop- 
ing away so gradually that you don't see it. If you are dizzy- 
headed, or if it is a windy day, you'd better take your view 
through the windows, for in the first case you'll be attacked by 
fearful qualms, and if it's windy you'll lose your hats, vails, and 
parasols, possibly your head, unless it's well" fastened'on. 

The view of the city and the lake, if you are on the Chicago 
shot tower, will be the best you ever had. 

But I know you are longing to see the shot; so we'll go 
back into the little, round room, where one man spends all his 
days, in silence, and alone, rocked as if in a cradle on windy 
days, and fanned by cool breezes, while we arc all roasting 
down below. 

On one side of the room are two furnaces, each somewhat 
larger than a barrel, with bright, coal tires, and filled with 
meked lead. In the middle of the room is a hole— look down I 
That hole goes to the very bottom of the tower, two hundred 
feet, and ends in a tub of water. It wouldn't be a very nice 
place to st«^^p into, so it is protected by a little, iron railing, on 
which is a frame to stand a skillet. Several of these long- 
handled implements hang on the walls, and now see how the 
workman uses them. He takes one down, (and it is different 
from ordinary saucepans, it being full of holes,) sets it on the 
frame, puts a short iron trough from the bottom of the furnace 
to the pan, turns a faucet, and out comes the hot lead. Of 
course it runs into the pan, and finding it full of holes, it 
doesn't stop there, but falls in a shower of drops, down down 
down that fearful fall. 

Perhaps you know that any liquid falling a long distance 
through the air, always becomes round. Lava thrown very 
high from vok^moes, has been found to have fallen in jierfect 
balls. And so the drops of lead, filling so far, get to be per- 
fectly round before they reach the bottom. But though round, 
they are still soft, and if they fell on anything hard, they would 
flatten ; therefore, they fall into water and are not injured. 

Of course you want to see what becomes of the tub of hot 
shot; so you must step on the elevator again, and stiirt down. 
The first feeling is very odd ; as if the earth had opened, and 
you were sinking down. But three miimtes' ride again,' will 
bring you to the level of the tub, and with a long-handled 
dipper you can draw up a handful of shot. You will find it 
mixed with badly-shaped shot, long, stick-shaped jjicces of 
lead, etc. The first thing to be done, of course, is to sejiarate 
the bad from the good. How would you go t« work to pick 
them over'/ With your fingers? How many little fingers do 
you suppose it would take, to pick over the four or five tons of 
lead shot, that are made in that tower in a day 'i 

These shot makers use their wits, instead of their fingers; 
and this is the way it is done. 

In the first place, an endless chain of little boxes, all tlu^ time 
runs down into the tub of shot, coming u]) full, aud cnjptying 
their loadsinto a trough. They need no pushing to make tlienj 
run down this trough into a sort of round iron box, where they 
are thoroughly stirred nji, and dried by stcanj jiower, and from 
there they fall in a little shower, on to a scries of stejis or 
slides. Here they arc .sorted by a very simple process. The 
steps are fixed thus: each one is very broad, perhaps thriM' 
feet, and sloped very gently; the next stt-p is little lower, ami 
between them is a gaji of about three inches; so on for fiur or 
five steps. 

Now, this is a very trying journey to the bits of lead, that 
start out together so bravely. None but th(; perfectly round 
and smooth shot can gc^t momentum encjugh to jumj) the gaps. 
Of course you know that momentum is the f )rce that njakes it 
hard to .stop, when you've been running very fast. The sticks 
and awkward pieces of lead fall through the first gap in a per- 
fect shower; oblong, and partly rttunds ones perhajis jump that 






-^^^ii 



t^ 



CrU'V'EISriLE Il^rSTI^TJOTOK.. 



143 



and tumble on to the next, but the second gap is sure to swal- 
low them ; nearly perfect ones pass that test, and endure to the 
third, where they fall in. And so, at the bottom of the slope, 
as I said, only the perfect ones fall into the trough. You see 
it's very simple — when you know how. 

From the trough, they go to the polishing box, where plum- 
bago, and a good shaking, makes them black and shining. 

Perhaps you'll be surprised to hear, that after all this, they 
have a good rocking, before they go to rest in the .bags. 

Shot, you see, are really drops of melted lead, cooled sud- 
denly. Well, drops, you know, are not all the same size; so 
oven though they all go through the same sized hole, some will 
be larger than others, and they must be separated. This is the 
most noisy operation in the works. 

On one side of the room arc three or four tiers of boxes, each 
shaped something like a boat, and divided into several compart- 
ments. Each compartment is labeled with a number denoting 
its size, and the bottom is full of holes, so that every shot 
smaller than that size, will invariably fall through. 

The whole set of boxes rocks back and forth constantly, by 
steam power, with exactly the motion of a cradle. 

From these funny cradles, they fall through wooden troughs 
into boxes in the room below. That is a nice, quiet room, 
very pleasant after the noisy rocking of the upper one. There, 
over a long bench, you see a row of boxes hanging from the 
wall, each one ending in a tube, with a faucet. Over each box 
is a label, giving its size, and they go from one to twelve, 
besides six larger sizes, denoted by letters. On shelves, over 
the bench, are bags, all sewed and printed, with the name of 
the maker, or shot works, and the size of the shot. The bags 
are made of very strong cloth, and are, perhaps, five by ten 
inches in size. 

I said they were all sewed, and they are, except an inch or 
two at one corner, left for the shot to be put in. Into every 
bag, goes twenty-five pounds. You can see how much work it 
would be to weigh out the shot every time, and here brains 
come in again to save fingers. Each of these tubes has a very 
ingenious scale arrangement ; and 'o fill a bag, the man has only 
to hang it on a pair of hooks, which hold it over the mouth of 
the tube, open the tube, and let it run. The shot runs in till 
there is exactly twenty-five jwunds in the bag, and then instantly 
shuts ujx The workman then sews up tlie opening in the bag, 
and throws it into a chute, which is a covered, wooden trough^ 
leading to the packing room beluw. It slides down by its own 
weight, and lands in a box, where it is packed in boxes. 

One d(jesn't like to think how many poor, little birds will 
suffer, when all these boxes of shot get scattered over the 
world. 

Having seen the shot fairly bagged and boxed, you must go 
into the next room, and see the soul of the whole, the faithful, 
quiet, strong, bcautil'ul servant, who does the work of so many 
hands, throwing his iiowcrful arms all over the building, turn- 
ing the shafts, liauling up the endless chain of boxes, stirring 
the hut shot, .'■haking the polishing bcix, rocking the cradles, 
and lifting the elevator — a splendid threc-huiidred-hnrse-powcr 
engine. 

After looking at that, you will like t(j go into the room where 
they roll out great lengths of sheet lead, and where th(!y jiut 
hot lead into a cylinder, and by pressure and steel molds, just 
force it up, out <if the top of the machine, in the shai)c (if 
beautiful, clean, lead pijie, which is drawn up out of sight, in 
the room above. 

Hy that tiling, 1 know you'll be tired ciioUi:!! to go honii^ 

Sr.lfcli'd. 



' j^ 3D V E 2sr a? TJ "E?. E ^with: 

OI^OOOIDILE. 



A young lady being int^srrogated as to wliat her only coiiifbrt 
in lile and death was, modestly replied that she would ratiier lie 



excused from speaking hia nunie. 



MR. Morelet, a French gentleman, has spent some years in 
traveling in Central America, a region little known to 
white men either Americans or Europeans. An account of his 
rambles, translated from the French, has just been published 
by the puljlishing house of Trubner, of London, England. The 
following is an extract from this work: 

One morning a crocodile was brought to nie alive ; it was 
three yards in length, and had been captured in the lake. The 
fishermen had caught it with a hook baited with the heart of a 
bullock. I had it fastened, by the line with which it had been 
caught, at a reasonable and safe distance from my hammock. 
During the day it gave great signs of irritation, springing for- 
ward suddenly to the full extent of the cord which confined it, 
then sinking back with its jaws wide open in a state of perfect 
quiet. Towards evening I administered to him a strong dose 
of arsenical soap, and hoped to find him dead in the morning, 
when I proposed to prepare him skilfully so as to prevent 
decomposition, which takes place rapidly under the tropics. 
The agonies occasioned by the jxiison I had administered 
redoubled his fury ; writhing in all directions, and giving out 
strangely agonizing sounds, tor a long time he prevented us 
from sleeping. JMorin, however, finally dozed off, and after 
awhile I succeeded in following his example, but my sleep was 
early interrupted by a strange hoarse noise close to my bed, 
accompanied by a suffocating, musky odor. I started up in 
my hammock a.,d hastily struck a match, by the dim and fitful 
light of which 1 discovered that the horrible reptile had broken 
from his fastetings and had taken up a position directly under 
my hammock. By a sudden and desperate effort, for 1 was 
still feeble I mahaged to dauber up to the cross beams of the 
house, from which my hammock was suspended, whence I 
shouted vigorously to Morin. As usual, he slept soundly, and 
was not a little startled on hearing a voice from aloft. During 
the day I had been despondent, and had talked of death, and 
he had gone to sleep fall of the gloomiest forebodings. His 
first impressi(on on waking, therefore, was, that ho heard the 
call of a departed spirit on its way to the clouds. But I soon 
convinced him of ujy actual existence, and that I was only 
temporarily sojourui.ig on high. Eeassured, he leaped up, and 
seizing a hatchet, which was close at hand, moved resolutely 
across the room, and opened the solitjiry window of our apart- 
ment, admitting a faint flush of light, by the aid of which we 
ascertained the position of our unhajipy monster. He was 
entirely motionless, except when now and then he opened his 
bronzed jaws, and gave out a cry of agony. IMy position was 
by no means a comfortable one, and I felt greatly relieved 
when, after some difficulty, Morin succeeded in getting a nooso 
around the neck of the expiring reptile, by means of which we 
.susiiendeil him to the cross-beam on which I was perched. lie 
struggled but little, fjr the ijoison hail nearly done its work, and 
in an hour he was dead. I carried his skin to Paris, wliere it 
was stuffed, and he now figures in all his native ugliness in the 
museum of that cit.v. 



We should never be daunted by the .scoffs and jeers of our 
enemies, nor even if they threaten us, when we know we are 
in the right eausc. God is perfectly capable of controlling tbe 
.■neniies of His work, and of bringing those who labor f^ir Him 
off triumphant, tliongh all the rest of mankind oppose them. 



ing of particular v:due 
• modest about it. A 
boaster is never loved by his companions; and genenilly, the 
more one boasts the less real Worth li«; posses-sos. 



Don't brag bo.vs. If .vou have anytl 
or c;in do anything iiartieolaily Well, In 






UM- 



=-t^^i 



vC^y 

w 



JTJ'V' E IsT I L E insrSTIS/TJOTOK/ 



■l^^^s 



a-OLID LE^F. 



ONE sultry Jay lust week, ■when people cri'pt about on the 
sliaJy sides of the streets, and the soda water and lemonade 
men were the only happy looking persons one met, we saw a 
nigged, little fellow sitting on the sidewalk, in the fiJl blaze of 
the sun, watehing intently something which was going on down 
in the basement of a greixt building. 

" What does he see down there?" I wondered. 

"That is where they make gold leaf," said my companion. 
" Let ns go and find out how they do it." 

'■ Will they let us in?" I asked, doubtfully, as we de.scended 
till' st;iirs, and peered iuti the room. 

There was no sign to s;iy "No Admittance;" but a very 
j)lcasant young man, who met ns at the door, siiid it quite 
jilaiuly all over his face, though he did not speak a word. The 
Little C'nriioral is a privileged character, and when we explain- 
ed our errand, the iimprietor courteously told us all about the 
process of making guld leaf, such as is used in all the gilding, 
lettering, etc. 

First they melt the e<jin ; but tliat is not jiure enough, so 
they take from it the alloy, leaving it about twenty -two carats 
fine. Then it is i-olled out into a flexible ril)bon about an inch 
iu width, n(]t bright, as you might fancy, but stained and 
blackened by the heat and the charcoal. The woikman cuts ofi" 
a bit of this ribljon an inch in length, and ])laces it in the 
center of a ni(ild about five inches s<iuare, madi^ of leaves of a 
peculiar kind of tissue paper, placed one upon the other. This 
liajier is obtained from Eumiie, and is manufactured from the 
iiuier skin of the intestines of oxen, rc(iuiring five hundred oxen 
to make enough fur one mold, which is valued at sixty dollars. 
The workman lays his mold, with the inch of gold ribbon in the 
eciitiT, UjKin a stone bench, and iproeceds to jxiiuid it with a 
liammer weighing about seven jiounJs, until it gradually flat- 
tens and si)reads out to the size of tin: mold, that is, about four 
inches s^juare. As soon as the gold begins to ])cep out of the 
edges, the workman opens bis mold, cuts the gold leaf into four 
l)iect;s with a tool very much like a pair of tiny, wooden, sled 
runners, and then each of the four jiieces is again beaten, and 
again divided, until from the original inch of gold ribbon, which 
is exactly of tlie weight of a gold dollar, one hundred leaves are 
made. These are jiut between leaves of tissue pajier, and made 
iiit)> little Inniks, reail.v for use, .si'Uing at about one and one- 
iialf cents jier leaf. It is delicate stuff, and the workn)an can- 
not touch it with his fingers, but lifLs it carefully with some 
curious, little j)incers, or smooths it with his breath. The 
ordinary jmieess of lett*'ring or ornamenting in gold, is to brush 
over the design with .shellac, lay on the gold leaf, and then, 
with a bit of cotton, wipe off what does not adhere. The.se 
liit.s of cotton, with their loads of jKiwdereJ gold, used to be 
thnjwn away; but now they an; .s;ived, and a way has been 
fiiund tij galhcr up every partiilc of (he precicjus metal, and put 
it tn new uses. 

/,////' CiiijKirid. 



^tUtith fodpy. 



IS IT? "2"OTJ? 



There Is a child — a lioy or t;hl, 

I'm Bony it is tnio — 
Wlio doesn't mind when spoken to; 

Is it yon y It cun't lie you ! 

I liiiow a child — a 1103' or giil, 

I'm loth to sav I do — • 
Who struck a little playninte cliilil ; 

I hope that wasn't yuu. 

I know a child— a boy or girl, 
I hope that such arc few — 

Who told a lie — yes, told a lie ! 
It can not he 'twas you. 

There is a lioy— I know a lioy, 
I can not love him though — 

AVho rolls the little birdie's nest; 
That bad lK)y can't bo you ! 

A girl there is— a girl I know, 
And I could love her, too, 

But that she is proud and vain ; 
That .'iurdy isn't you 1 



LITTXjE te^se. 



niding her grandraanuna's kiilllinn awii.v, 
Tcachhig the kittens their letters, in I'lay, 
Clambering np to the tjilile and shelf, 
Having a tea parl.v all by herself. 
Quiet a minute, in mischief, no doubt, 
fulling the nccilles and Ihiuibles alniut, 
Sewing her apron, deniiui' as you jilease; 
Any one got such a dear little tease'/ 

Printing her hands in th<' soft, tempting llour. 
Tumbles and bumps twenty times in an hour, 
Tangling the .yarn loid unravelinLT the lace, 
Doinix it all with lh<- iiretliest grace. 
Mother is sroldinic li^r ver.v bail uirl, 
Says that she sots the whole house in a whirl; 
T.ooke at her pouting there, down at her knees, 
Clasps to her hCArt again (bar litth' tease. 



AVOID inMLN'KSS.— "An idl.' man's brain is the Kevil's 
workslio|il ' is a trite old s.iying, and a tnn- one. Though boys 
do not always .lec the eflic.-icy of In-ing tjiught to latK)r while 
yonng, as jiroviding fiir their future liaii]pines.s, then; is no surer 
Wa3' of ])n>moting it. There .seems to be a disi>osition in most 
of fblk.s, tin; young especially, to be employi'il with .siunethiiig, 
if not with .something good, with .something evil; and if tiiuglit 
wliilc young 111 flillow honest and useful employnuuit, they are 
less likely when grr«wn to lake aTi evil coursi'. I>i))f>r is honor- 
able and dignified, fir mori; so than idleness, and the mo.st U.se- 
ful ancl honrpHible men among us, are persfpus who.s*; lives have 
been fniugtit with diligent laluir and incess;uit study. Satan 
lias litllle chance to make innads uixm the heart and miml that 
are usefully cmiiloyed. 



Cultivate a cheerful disposition; a cheerful jicrson ]iasses- 
through this world far more I'asily an<l pleasantly than om^ who 
is disposed to frown at ev<'rytliing, and (juarrel with every 1p(U-- 
Sfin he meets. A cheiufu! iiiTson will niake friends and draw 
others to him, while a cross, sullen ordolelid one will drivethem 
from him. 

crxj'^rEiNriiL.E nsrsTK.xjGTOi^ 

Is pul.lislied in Salt Lake City, Utah Territx)ry, 
EVEKY OTHKU HATI'ItDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR 4. PUBLISHER. 

S'imjle Cupi/, pel- Aiinuin $2 M. 

Hingle Copy, for HU Jiontlm 1 50. 

00- <irnlii broie-lit to IIiIh rity for tho .Iuvknii.f. Instructor will lie 
rii-eivid at till- office of our IHIJIIT— Dkhkrkt Nkws BlUI.niNOS. 



l^s^ 



■fe^t^ 



