
VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1871. 



NO. 19. 



THE TWELVE SPIES. 



AFTER the children of Israel had left Egypt and had been 
in the wilderness some little time on their journey to the 
land of Canaan, the people proposed to Moses, the Prophet of 
God, that men should be sent before them to search out the 
land, and bring them word again by what way they should go 
up and into what cities they should come. (Deuteronomy I 
chap., 22 verse.) The Lord commanded Moses to select for 



"And see the land what it is; and the people that dwelleth 
therein, whether they be strong or weak, few or many : and 
what the land is that they dwell in, whether it be good or bad ; 
and what cities they be that they dwell in, whether in tents, or 
in strongholds ; and what the land is, whether it be fat or lean, 
whether there be wood therein, or not. And be ye of good 
courage, and bring of the fruit of the land." 




tin- purpose a man from every tribe, and each one was to !"■ a 
ralei and a head man iii his tribe. (Numbers Mil chap. 



\i the time they went the lir-t grapes were ripe. Tiny 
made a pretty thorough search of the land, and were gi forty 



^ rerse.) The men chosen for tlii-: important mission were men days, Towards the end of their search thej came to the brook 



of influence among tin' people, and it was doubtless expected 
that their reports would have the effect t" strengthen and 
encourage Israel, Moses told them how t" go ami what to do. 
Said he: 



Eshcol, ami as they had been told i" bring baok some of the 
fruits of the land, they thought this would bo a good place to 
obtain it. They, therefore. cu< down a branch of a vine with 
luster nl grapes upon it. Wc an' nut told how large a 



V^ti 



35 



*3g 146 



J XT "V IE ZST I T_. EJ IHSTRUCTOR. 



bunch of grapes this was; but wo must conclude that it was 
exceedingly huge, from the fact that they carried it between 
two of them upon a .staff. They also took with them pome- 
granates and figs. 

It is the carrying of this cluster of grapes out of Canaan to 
the ('amp id' Israel that our engraving represents, It would be 
interesting to know the weight of these grapes which two men 

had to earn' between theiu on a staff; to judge by the engrav- 
ing they must have been very heavy. 

We can imagine with what interest the return of the men was 
waited for. The Lord had promised to lead the people to a 
land flawing with milk and homy, and to give it to them and 
their children after them, Expectation, therefore, would be 
likely to run high in the Camp respecting the examination of 
Canaan by the twelve spies, the people, probably, looked for 
glowing accounts of its beauty and fertility, and the ease with 
which it could be conquered. But, if they expected to conquer 
it easily, there was disappointment in store for them, if they 
believed the majority of those whom they had sent. The Spies 
upon their return admitted that the land did flow with milk and 
honey, and they showed the fruit which they had brought as 
tin- fruit of the country, which was very line; but, said tiny, 
" tie- people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are 
walled and very great : and moreover we saw the children of 
Anak there." 

These children of Anak were giants, and the children of 
Israel BCCmcd to have a great dread of them. This report, you 
may Well suppose created a great excitement in the Camp. 
Canaan might be fertile and beautiful, its fruit might be sur- 
prisingly large and delicious; but of what advantage would this 
be to the weary travelers in the wilderness if they could not 
jiossessit? If the cities were so well fortified, and the people 
so strong and mighty, they would fight stoutly for their 
ssions; so thought Israel in the wilderness, and then what 
Wire they to do? They had fled from Egypt, and had pushed 
forth into this terrible desert with tin; hope of obtaining 
Canaan, and now this hope was leaving them; they Were now a 

I pie without a country, with no prospect before them but to 

wander in the wilderness until they perished '. 

Two of the -pies which had been sent out, did not agree with 

tin- other ten in the report they gave of the condition of Canaan. 

'I'he nanus of the two Were Caleb, "f the tribe of .linlah, and 

Joshua, of the tribe of Ephraim. When Caleb saw the effect 
the report of his ten companions had upon the pi oplc, he tried 
to calm the excitement, and he said to them : 

"Let US BO up at once, and 0088038 it [Canaan] . for we are 
w.ll able to overcome it." 

He had faith in God and was not discouraged by all that be 

bel en iii Canaan. Joshua's voice also was with Caleb's. 
They were united in giving a good report. Bui the ten other 
-pi.- were 1111 iti • 1 in giving an evil report, and they said iii 

reply to ( 'aleb ; 

" We be not able to go up against the people; for tiny are 

stronger thin wc," "The land, through which we have g 

pch it. i- a land thai e.ii.ih up tin- inhabitants thereof; 

and all the people that we -aw in it are men of -'nil itatUTC. 

\ 1 1 there wc saw the giants, the aons of Anak, which 

come of the giants: and we were i u own night a- grusshop 

ind -' wo were in their sight." 
And the people believed their evil report. The; spool the 
night in weeping With their grief came desperation and 
■ I |.iir. They wished they had died in Klgypl or in the 
wilderness and they murmured a 'am I Mo ■ and lamn. and 
a-ked why they had been brought there to tall by the sword, 
and their wivi - and children to become a prey. They r 
to eh a captain and return to Kgypl. 

Moses and Aaron were greatly moved by this rebellion, not 
(or their own nkes, but on account of the people them 
They saw that they were rushing on t.. destruction, They 



% 

(ft 



prostrated themselves on their faces before all the assembly of 
the people. Joshua and Caleb, also, saw the direful conse- 
quences which would follow this conduct if persisted in, and 
they rent their clothes, and told the people that the laud was an 
exceeding good land, but not to rebel against the Lord, neither 
should they fear the people of the laud, for their defense was 
departed from Iheni ; the Lord was with Israel, and the people 
should not fear. These reiuoiistranees, instead of calming them, 
had the effect to exasperate them, aud they were on the point 
of stoning Joshua and Caleb to death. At this the glory of the 
Lord appeared in the tabernacle of the congregation before all 
the children of Israel. 

The Lord was very angry with Israel. He would have 
SUlitten them with pestilence and disinherited them, and made 
of Moses a greater nation and mightier than they ; but Moses 
plead with the Lord and begged Him to pardon the iniquity of 
the people; and the Lord heard his supplications. Neverthe- 
less He pronounced a punishment upon the people. All of the 
nation which were upwards of twenty years of age at the time 
they were numbered when they came out of Egypt Were to die 
in the wilderness, without having the privilege of seeing the 
promised land; to use the expressive language of scripture, 
"your carcasses shall fall in this wilderness." These men had 
seen the Lord's glory and His miracles which He did in Egypt 
and in the wilderness, and they had murmured and rebelled 
against Iliui ten times, ami He decreed that they should not 
possess the land of Canaan. Two only out of all the host of 
Israel who were over twenty years old were to live to receive an 
inheritance there — Joshua and Caleb, the faithful spies, who 
had brought back a true report, aud in whom the Spirit of the 
Lord dwelt and not the spirit of rebellion and murmuring. 
And to show the people that He was able to do all that lie 
promised, the Lord said to them that their little ones fir whose 
safety they had been so concerned for fear they should become 
a prey, He should bring into the laud which they themselves had 
despised. The spies had been absent forty days searching the 
land of Canaan, for each of these (jays the Lord told the people 
tiny should wander in the wilderness a year, making forty years, 
until they should be wasted away, aud none but the next 
generation be left. 

How must the ten spies have felt whose evil report, had pro- 
duced all this trouble 1 If tiny had any faith left, they must 
have had dreadful feelings. They had been the means of bring- 
ing nearly the entire nation under this terrible punishment, and 
yet tiny had probably thought that, in making such a report, 
they were doing no more than their duty. What ah important 
lesson does this convey to people who murmur, especially to 

those who are faithless and murmur against the Lord and the 
Counsel which He gives! However, these men did Dot live to 
see till the effects of their conduct, they were smitten with the 
plague and died. 

When the will of the Lord was made known through Moses 
to the people, they mourned deeply. Bui (hey were determined 
to go into the promised land. They rose up early in the morn- 
ing ami (old Moses they were going to Canaan. Moses rcnion- 
Btrated with them, aud (old them not to go up, for their 
attempt Bhould not prosper. Bui they were resolved, and 
started, leaving Moses and the ark of the covenant of the bird 
in the Camp. The words of the prophet wows fulfilled, The 

AmalckitOS and CanaanitCS fell U] (hem and whipped and 

chased and killed them. 



'I'he "ivai mania be who chooses the righl with invincible 
i solution; who resists the sorest temptutions from without and 
within; who bears the heaviest burdens cherfully; who is cal st 

in storms and most fearless under menaces and frowns; and 

whose reliance on truth, mi virtue, on God, is most firm ami 
unfaltering. 



raw 

# 



3 



I 

il: 



SSb* 



JUYB1TILE HTSTRUOTOB. 



147 



CHTJRC HI. 
(Continued.) 



T IK IE 



''K 



rilllK members of the Legislature, with few exceptions', were 
L ready to cany out any plan that would injure or destroy the 
Latter-day Saints. All die prejudices against bhem which cir- 
culated through the country they fully entertained, and they 
were prepared to go to any lengths to give expression to them 
in a hostile manner. Jacob 0. Davis was a member of the 
Senate from Hancock County. He was indicted for the mur- 
der of the Prophet Joseph and Ilyrinn, his brother. There is 
not a doubt but he was in the mob which committed the 
massacre at Carthage jail. But the Senate, instead of allowing 
the law to take its course and him to be tried for the crime of 
which he was accused, discharged him from arrest. No one of 
those engaged in the commission of that bloody and treacherous 
deed was to be punished by the law. It would have been a 
new feature in the history of the world for a people to suffer a 
prophet of God to be murdered, then to have justified and 
applauded the crime, and afterwards punished those who per- 
petrated it. Like the Jews, who crucified the Savior and who 
were willing to take upon them His blood, so the Legislature of 
Illinois by shielding Jacob C. Davis were ready to share the 
responsibility of the murder of the Prophet and Patriarch and 
to take upon them all the consequences of shedding innocent 
blood. This man Davis was suffered to make bitter speeches 
against the people of Nauvoo and in favor of the repeal of the 
charter on the floor of the Senate, and was listened to with as 
much attention as if he were not a murderer. In fact, a mem- 
ber of the Senate, John Dougherty, from Union County, openly 
justified the murder of Brothers Joseph and llyrum. 

What could be expected by the Latter-day Saints from such 
a Legislature? In vain did the Representatives from Hancock 
County, Hon. Jacob B. Backenstos and Hon. A. W. Babbit, 
plead tor the rights of their a mstituents, the citizens of Nauvoo, 
and appeal to the sense of justice, equal rights, patriotism and 
humanity of the members; the latter were resolved to repeal 
the charter, and thereby deprive the people of all legal pro- 
tection and expose them to the full violence of their enemies 
whenever they chose to attack them. 

Nauvoo was the most flourishing city in the State of Illinois. 
Its situation upon the Mississippi was most beautiful, and there 
was every prospect of it becoming, if left to grow undisturbed, 
a place of great commercial importance. When the Saints 
settled there it was a very sickly place; but their industry, 
perseverance ami union had, in a lew brief years, improved it, 
and it was rapidly growing in importance. The people in 

other portions of the State, and especially in Hancock and the 
surrounding counties, saw the progress which was made, and 
tiny were jealous. They dreaded tin' growing power of the 
Latter-day Saints, and, prompted by the evil one, they were 

ready to adopt any measure to check it and to destroy (lie work 
of Cod. Jn a community nearly equally divided into two 

political parties, a united i pie like the Latter-day Saints, 

voting in a solid body, carried with them great weight. In 
those days (he great political parties of the country were 
Democrats and Whigs. In Illinois the people were nearly 
equally divided in polities, in some plaoee Democrats were 
elected; in others, Whigs, Bui at every election in Bancook 
County, and in every general election in the State, the Saints 
held the balance of power; for whichever party .rained their 
rotes carried lb.- eleetion. This also was a great cause of 

jealousy, ami gave rise to bitterness of feeling, Politicians saw 

a growing power Which they could not manage, and which, at 
no very distant day, Would control the State; and lliey wi-ln-d 

it checked AH these eauses combined to prompt the Legisla- 
ture to strip the i-iiy of iis charter, and lo reduce it to an almost 



chaotic condition. The property of any city, not peopled by 
Latter-day Saints, would have been so depreciated by being 
deprived of its charter, that its prosperity would have received 
a severe blow. But not so with Nauvoo. Its growth did not 
depend upon its charter, or the favor of the Legislature, there 
were other causes which had made it a prosperous city, and 
they still continued to operate when its charter was wrested 
from it. 

After the repeal of the city charter, the Attorney-General of 
the State, Josiah Lamborn, Esq., wrote a letter to President 
Young, in which he alluded to the Legislature and its action in 
terms the reverse of complimentary. Said he ; 

"I have always considered that your enemies have been 
prompted by religious and political prejudices and by a desire 
fin- plunder and blood, more than for the common good. By 
the repeal of your charter and by refusing all amendments and 
modifications our Legislature has given a kind of sanction to the 
barbarous manner in which you have been treated. Your two 
representatives exerted themselves to the extent of their 
abilities in your behalf, but the tide of popular passion and 
frenzy was too strong to lie resisted. It is truly a melancholy 
spectacle to witness the law makers of a sovereign Stite con- 
descending to pander to the vices, ignorance and malevolence of 
a class of people who are at all times ready for riot, murder and 
rebellion." 

Referring to Jacob C. Davis he said : 

" Your Senator Jacob C. Davis, has done much to poison the 
minds of members against anything in your favor. Tie walks 
at large in defiance of law, an indicted murderer. If a Mormon 
was in his position, the Senate would afford no protection, but. 
he would be dragged forth to the jail, or to the gallows, or to he 
shot down by a cowardly and brutal mid)." 

A stronger contrast could not be given than this alluded to by 
Mr. Lamhoru — the treatment Davis, tin; murderer, received 
from the Senate, and the treatment a "Mormon" would have 
received from that body had he been in Davis' place ami been 
accused of, or indicted for, the same crime. Every person of 
reflection in the State knew that a Latter-day Saint accused of 
crime would receive no mercy at the hands of such men as coin- 
posed the Legislature; they would want him hung or shot 
down instauter. 

Mr. Lamborn wrote another paragraph in his letter which 
contained an excellent exhortation and a very encouraging 
prophecy : 

"All you have to do,'' -said he, " is to be quiet submissive 
to the laws and circumspect in your conduct. ' Heap coals of 
fire on their heads' by humility and kindness, and my word for 
it, there will be a mighty reaction in the public sentiment, 
which will ultimately overthrow all your enemies. The 'sober 
second thought of the people' will always be right, and liej\,n 
will protect you against all the assaults of a corrupt and blood 
thirsty rabble." 

We who now live have seen the fulfillment of Mr. Lamborn'a 

Words. Heaven has protected the Saints against the attacks 

and plots of their enemies, and brought them into this te 

desert land and made of them a mighty and prosperous 
people, 

( y'o in continued.) 



WORK \M>\YIN. Boys, read, and hoed what Alexander 

llainilt ee said to an intimato friend; "Men give me 

credit for genius, All the genius 1 have lies just in this;— 

When I have a subject on hand I study it profoundly; day and 
night it is before me; I explore it in all its bearings; my mind 
bei omes pervaded with it. Then the efforts which 1 make, the 

people are pleased lo call the I'rnil of genius. Il is the frlUl of 

labor and ll •lit.' Any person may follow this example 

profitably. 



ftc£e*jf- 



««g3iP 



W 148 



J TJ "V IE UST I L IE I1TSTE/TJCTOR, 



•fcsgi?! 



• ®lje Sttft$ttil« i»*1mf«t. 






%S) 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1871. 

EDITORIAL TIHIOTTa-IHITS- 




7^>fV?r^ T is a very common thing for children to 

wish they were men and women, and they 

i >ftcn look furward with longing desire for 

that time to arrive, and think that the 

period intervening between childhood and 

maturity is an almost interminably long 

and tedious one. A great many of the 

hoys and girls who read the pages of the 

Juvenile Instructor have no doubt had this 

feeling, and think how much happier they 

be when they become men and women. 

e wish to have a familiar pen chat with them 

iut this in this number. 

Te will begin by saying that though you now 

think the flight of time is slow, and the years 

pass before you reach the age of twenty -one 

if they never would go by; when you 

m„ that period of your lives, and far beyond it, 
yon will look back and be astonished that time has 
passed so swiftly ; the most remote incidents of your 
lives that you can remember, will seem as if they only transpired 
yesterday. There is another thing, too, of which the flight of 
time will most certainly convince yon. notwithstanding any 
feelings you may now entertain to the contrary, and that is that 
you will never see a happier period than that of childhood and 
youth. Children have to be, or we will say ought to be, solely 
under the control of their parents or guardians ; and when they 
are -■■ thy an- sometimes prevented from carrying out various 
Bchemes they may have formed, or gratifying certain desires 
which may possess them. Parents, because of their larger 
experience know better than their children possibly can know 
what would 1h- best f>r them, and on account of the exercise of 
their authority, children are sometimes disappointed and get 
cross and ill tempered because they can not do just as they 
.Many of yon have had thi- experience, and do doubt 
you have Bometimes wished that yon were men and women that 
yon might have your own way. J!ut when you get old enough 
to judge with discretion, yon will see very differently from 
what yon see now, and will be thankful that parental authority 
n strained you from doing many things which would not have 

been good for Vol I. 

Rut now, a few words with yon about the proper way to 

spend your tine' in childh 1 ami youth; lor witli all its fancied 

disadvantages there is no time more valuable nor of so much 
importance in your whole lives. There is an old saying, which 
many of yon may have heard, thai a- the "twig is bent the tree is 
inclined." A twig, you know, is a very yonng tree, or limb of 
a tree; and the saying above quotn d is full of truth, for JU8I BO 
sure as the twig i* trained bo will the portion of the tree spring- 
in it be inclined. If while in its childhood or youth it is 

trained to be graceful and beautiful, BO the tree will be more or 

; and if it be left to grow crooked, ungraceful and ugly, 
the tree will be so. It is jusl bo with children. If the; 
up, wild, as it were, thai is, rode, or with little or no cultiva- 
tion, they will be the same in adult or mature age. for the 
impressions of childhood, — the moulding and training then 
received, an Ineffaceable, — they last as long at yon last. Now, 
you all know that ignorant, ill-mannered men and women are 



not lovely ; they do not gain friends, and can not get along in 
life near so well as men and women who are cultivated, graceful 
and refined. It is very true that some children, on account of the 
poverty of their parents and their surroundings generally, have 
not the chances for cultivation and refinement that others have ; 
and it is also true that cultivation depends a great deal upon 
parents ; but not altogether. Children can do a good deal for 
themselves, and just so sure as they spend their youth in idle- 
ness, and fritter away their time then in nonsense and lolly, will 
they, if they live to grow up, be men and women of little 
worth. To insure a life of usefulness, the days of youth must 
be spent industriously, in acquiring useful knowledge; and 
hence we wish to impress upon you all the necessity of paying 
attention to these observations. 

The children for whose special benefit the Juvenile Instructor 
is printed are members of the grandest organization on earth, — 
the Kingdom of God. That kingdom will in days to come be 
the pride of the whole earth, and its citizens will command the 
respect of all maukind. But before this a great work lies 
before them ; and they never will become so until they are 
better and more accomplished men and women than are to be 
found anywhere else. Boys aud girls, do not pass this over 
without thinking about it. Remember you are in the Kingdom 
of God, and you have a great future before you, if you prepare 
yourselves for it. But you will never do that if you spend your 
youth in frivolity aud nonsense. 

If you have never thought about these things before, begin 
to do so from this time ; and not only think, but act. You can 
all help yourselves, and in no way more than by cultivating 
your minds and developing their powers. Devote your leisure 
time, and you all have some, to the acquisition of some branch 
of knowledge that will make you useful when you grow up. 
And be thorough in your studies. Do not jump from one thing 
to another nor be engaged in too man3' at once, for if you do 
you will have only a smattering of all, and be proficient in none. 
For boys, arithmetic, grammar, book keeping, phonography, 
aud history, are capital branches of study; if well learned there 
is scarcely a position in life in which they would not advance 
your interests ; and make you better able to win bread, which 
is the great stake in the battle of life ; and there is scarcely a 
position, however humble, in which their possessor would not 
command more respect from and have more influence with his 
fellows than he who is ignorant. They are not quite as 
necessary for girls, but would be of immense service to them, 
and they are studies which you may all master, unaided even, if 
you try. 

Iu addition to these, many other useful things could be 
acquired in youth, which will readily suggest themselves when 
the above are mastered ; for with the gaining of knowledge the 
thirst fir it increases. Among other things too, be sure not to 
forget to study and acquire good manners, affability and 
humility, fir whatever else you may learn, if you possess not 
these, you labor under an insurmountable bar to progress and 
prosperity. This sribject might be extended to a very great 
length; but the few hints already dropped will be sufficient for 
intelligent boys and girls. If they will act upon them they will 
rejoice and be exceeding glad when the days of youth arc 
passed, for they will make' them more useful members of society, 
and enable them to discharge with greater efficiency the duties 
ami responsibilities devolving upon them in after life. 



. - . > ; 



* 



A boy or girl can scarcely be guilty of a greater breach of 

e 1 manners than that of loud laughter, A person who is 

well-bred will never be guilty of this. Boisterous merriment 

i- not always a Bign of happiness, for many persons indulge in 
it whose only happiness, if it can be so termed, consists iii 
but momentary periods of forgetfulness of their many crime's. 
If We wodkl please God. and make friends, avoid loud laughter, 



Li 




OTTT^TEIsriLIE UsTSTBIj-OTOB, 



149 



& 



PA 



THE 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

ipie^cooik:. 



IT has been said that the Peacock is robed in the garb of an 
angel, but has been cursed with the voice of a devil, which 
is certainly a rather strong way of describing the beauty of its 
plumage and its horribly harsh and discordant scream. Still 
the Peacock is an exceedingly handsome bird, especially when 
it spreads out its fan shaped train or tail in the sunshine, when 
it becomes an object of dazzling splendor which sets description 
at defiance. 

"The Peacock view, still exquisitely fair, 
When clouds forsake, and winds invest the air, 
His gems now brightened by a noontide ray-. 
He proudly waves his feathers to the day. 
A strut, majestically slow, assumes, 
And glories in the beauty of his plumes." 
It is record- 
ed in the book 
of Chronicles 
that "every 
three years 
once came the 
ships of Tar- 
shish bringing 
gold, and sil- 
ver, ivory and 
apes and pea- 
cocks" to Sol- 
omon. From 
which we may 
infer that that 
wise monarch 
beautified the 
gardens of his 
palace with 
flocks of these 
birds. 1 1 i s 
also cer tain 
that at the 

time of Alexander the Great, the peacock had spread from 
India, its native clime, into Greece and other parts of Europe. 
Aristotle speaks of him, in his writings, as being "jealous and 
vain." 

A modem naturalist thus describes this bird : " The bill of 
the peacack is convex, rather stout, curved and smooth at the 
base ; cheeks partially naked ; nostrils open ; head plumed. In 
the males the tail coverts consist of feathers with loose barbs, 
and of unequal size, the upper ones shortest, each terminated 
by numerous eyes or circlets of beautiful iridescent brilliancy. 
This train is often spoken of as the toil ; this, however is quite 
a mistake ; as the feathers of the train do not grow from the 
ramp but all up the back. When the train is erect, nothing 
appears of the bird before but its head and neck. By a strong 
muscular vibration, these birds can make the shafts of their 
long feathers clatter like the swords of a sword dancer, The 
head, throat, neck and breast are of a deep blue, glossed with 
green and gold the back of the same tinged with bronze. The 
train however is tin' L'lory of this bird, forming a fan of the 
most resplendent Inns, — yellow, gilded With various shades, 
green running into blue and bright violet, varying according to 
its various positions; tie- whole train receiving additional lustre 
from the color of the centre, which is a fine velvet Mack. The 
coloring of the female is of a very sombre hue. It is, however, 

r em a rkab le, that the females of this species, like tie- pheasant, 
so me times when they have done laying, assume the gay 
plumage of the male, While Peacocks arc not at all uncommon 
in England," 

<;. U. 




ZExLEJMT^IE^IKS TO OHILrJI^EIsr, 

Delivered by Elder GEORGE Q. CANNON, in the 

Tabernacle, Ogden City, Sunday, June i, 1871. 



THERE are a good many children here in this congregation 
this morning, and I am very much gratified to see them 
assemble as they have to hear the President, his Counsellors 
aud the brethren who have come from the city. 

I would like to say a few words to them if I can make my 
language sufficiently simple. I think a congregation of children 
is more difficult to please than one of grown persons ; and it 
requires a peculiar gift to address children so as to interest them 
and to enlighten their understandings. We have a great many 
children in this country : they are very numerous in all our 
settlements ; and to train and instruct them so as to make them 
men and women who will ornament society and be the means in 
the hands of God to build up His kingdom on the earth, requires 
time and careful attention. The people are not generally under 
the necessity now of sending their children to herd stock as the 
early settlers of the Territory were ; schools are much more 
numerous and of a higher class now than they were then, and 
the advantages within reach of and enjoyed by our youth are 
much greater now than in years past. I hope, children, that 
you appreciate them. You have many blessing* for which you 
should be thankful to God. You live in a healthy land, and in 
a community where you cau learn righteousness and be trained 
in the principles of truth. In a few years these little boys and 
girls, sitting in front here, will be men and women, and many 
of them will stand in the places now occupied by their fathers 
and mothers, and they will be fathers aud mothers them- 
selves. 

The time of childhood is a good time to learn, to acquire 
knowledge and to lay a foundation upon which to build in after 
life. While I was listening to the remarks of President 
Joseph Young a good many reflections passed through my 
mind in relation to improvement, because Brother Brigham has 
said he wished me to speak to the children. I wondered how 
many boys there are here who, when they get off by them- 
selves, try to smoke cigars or to chew tobacco. Ogden is a 
railroad town; a great many people come here who are not 
members of the Church, some of whom smoke and chew 
tobacco and drink whisky. Boys are very imitative, that is, 
they are fond of doing what they see somebody else do. If 
some boys see a man smoke a cigar, they think it is very tine 
and manly, aud if they can smoke a cigar or chew tobacco with- 
out being sick they think tiny make a great point, aud they arc- 
proud of it. I want to say to you, boys, that these practices 
are very foolish, and if ever you acquire them, or the habit of 
drinking liquor, there will come a time in your lives when you 
will wish you never hail. 

I wonder whether there are any little girls here to-day who 
when they get holm', will see their mothers drink tea and 
coffee; aud if they Jo, will he anxious to drink also because 
their mothers do. To drink tea or coffee is a bad habit, and if 
acquired in childhood, is difficult to overcome. I do not, of 
OOUTBe, know, what I Would do if 1 Were a little girl; but if I 
were a little hoy I would not touch tea or coffee, or any kind of 

liquor, I would grow up fi from the habit. Your parents 

may use these beverages, and in many respects they may lo 
very good p'oplc; but their examples will certainly have an 
evil tendency; for children as I have already said are imitative; 
and, besid 8 this, they will he v.'ry likely to reason something 
after the foUowiug style- "Well, if my father or mother, or 
brother or jistcr so ami so can drink tea. coffee, or a little 

whisky; ur if juch a man can ehoW or -m..kc tobaOGO WltnOUl 

being hull, Why ''.in not I V" 

'fliis is the way a /real many y.niiig folks will reason; and 

tin- better course for parents and the adult members of our 



"*■ 



■r&*§ 



'? 



gl^ 150 



JTJYEITILE INSTBTJOTOB. 



1?9 



,4 



community to take, is to let their examples bo worthy of imita- 
tion ; and where they are not so, so far as tea, coffee and other 
things I have named are concerned, the better course for the 
children is, as soon as they are old enough to understand aud 
act for themselves, to disregard the evil examples of those 
around them. Children, never do a had or wrong thing 
because you see somebody else do it. Make up your minds to 
do what is right, and you can grow up to be men and women 
without driukiug tea, coffee or liquor ; without smoking or 
chewing tobacco, and without swearing or indulging in any e\ il 
habit ; and if you do so, I know you will be healthier and 
stronger, and you will feel better; God will bless you, and 
those by whom you are surrounded will sec your examples and 
copy them. 

I know that to take this course is good : I can talk about it 
because of my owu experience. When young I read the Book 
of Doctrine and Covenants, and learned that it was not good for 

] pie to drink tea, coffee, or liquor, or to chew or smoke 

tobacco. I made up my mind never to drink, chew, or use 
these articles, and I never have. I hear people who use tea, 
coffee and tobacco, tell how strong the habit is ; they say they 
cannot overcome it. I have been out in storms in the mountains 
and on the plains with others who, at such times, would say 
they would not know what to do without them; but I never 
felt the want of them, because I had never been accustomed to 
their use and I had never drank a glass of liquor in my life ; 
and I think it is far better for me that I never acquired a teste 
fir them. Such habits do no good to those who practice them, 
iu fact they do injury to their constitutions. As you grow older 
you will probably find that good health is one of the greatest 
gifts and blessings it is possible to possess, and that no man or 
woman can be truly great who is not healthy. It is true that 
they may be great in some respects ; but I have found, in my 
experience, that they who do most good, and are most capable 
of benefitting their fellow creatures, are the healthy men and 
women, and no parson can be truly great in the broad sense of 
the word, who is not healthy, You boys, would not like to 
grow up and be sickly; you want to be strong and healthy, so 
that if you are ever sent on missions you will not be under the 
necessity of coming home on account of ill health ; or, while 
away, be compelled to sit in the house and other elder-; labor 
because you could not. 

( To be continued.) 



A WONDERFUL CITY IS LONDON— It is four times 
more populous than New York and St. Petersburg, twice as 
populous as Constantinople, has two-thirds more people in it 

than I'aris, and one-fourth more than IVkin. It contains as 
many people a~ Scotland, twice as many as Denmark, and three 
times the number of Greece. Every eight minutes, night and 
day, one person dies; every fire minutes one is bom. Eight 

hundred thousand have 1 n added to tin- population sine IS.11. 

Only half a million of all this population attend public worship 
and then arc a million of absentees who if inclined to attend, 
would require BOO new places of worship to be built; 100,000 
people Work on Sundays, then are 1 (0,000 habitual gin drink- 
er-, 190,000 intoxicated p oplc every year taken off the Streets; 
100,000 fallen women ; 10,000 professional gamblers; 50,000 
children trained to crime, 30,000 thieves and r ivers of stolen 

c.mhIs. There are 10,000 public houses and beer shops, fre- 
i tented regularly by 500.000 p irsons. In every 890 of the nop- 
nlation one is insane. There is one baker for every 1,206 per 
sons; one butcher fir every 1,553; one grocer for every 1,500, 

and one policeman for <\'ry 608 inhabitants. On tl ther 

hand, oul of 60000 street Arabs, 30,000 are al hools. 

There are |oo Bible women, 380 city missionaries, and 20,000 
persons attending public worship in the theatres every Sunday 
evening. It i- a world in itself, 



r: \ 



sto:r,y 



OIF COLBERT, 

{Concluded.) 



11HK taste for the arts and sciences which he possessed was 
. still more developed in his travels. He made the circuit of 
all the French provinces; and commerce being his principal 
study, he was already devising means to render it flourishing. 
It was while on these journeys that he formed those great pro- 
jects, the execution of which, in later years, adorned his 
ministry. In 1048, when he was about thirty, Saint-I'ouage, 
his near relation, placed him with his brother-in-law, Letellier, 
then Secretary of State, by whom he was introduced to Car- 
dinal Mazarin, prime-minister of Anne of Austria, regent of 
France during the minority of Louis NIV. At this period, 
commenced the factious intrigues which marked the regency of 
Anne. Mazarin, who had more penetration into character than 
any other man of his time, understood and appreciated the 
young and studious Colbert. He begged him of Letellier, who 
yielded him to him. Mazarin created him privy-councilor, and 
associated him with himself iu all public business. Having 
proved his zeal in the wars of the Fronde in 1649 and 1650, he 
soon admitted hint into his full confidence. At this epoch, 
Mazarin, pursued by public hatred, and an object of distrust 
and dislike to the highest in the kingdom, was obliged to retire 
to Cologne. Colbert was about to marry Marie, the daughter 
of Jacques Charron, Baron do Meuars. He remained at ] 'aris 
as comptroller of the cardinal's household, and the secret agent 
of his correspondence with the queen-regent. He it was who 
was the bearer of the minister's despatches to that princess and 
who received hers in return for the minister. He acquitted 
himself of this delicate commission iu a manner which did 
equal honor to his head and heart, his prudence being only 
equalled by his zeal; and when Mazarin returned to France, he 
enabled him to be useful to his family. 

Colbert's father was not forgotten by his son; he was 
created a baron, and placed in a situation suitable to his abilities. 
His mother's father, Henri l'assort, was made privy-councilor. 
The latter afterwards drew up that famous civil code known 
under the name of the code of 1667, To one of his brothers he 
gave several appointments ; procured a lieutenancy in the regi- 
ment of Navarre for the second; caused the third to be 
appointed director of sea-prizes ; and for his fourth brother, 
who was an abbe, he obtained a benefice worth six thousand 
livres. Thus Colbert, now a great man at court, showed him- 
self not unmindful of his relatives, and these were worthy of 
his esteem. The following extract from a letter written by 
Colbert to his patron the cardinal, proves also that be had not 
obliged one who Was ungrateful for his favors : 

'I entreat,' he says, ' that your Highness will not think me 
insensible to (he many favors that you have lavished on me 
and my family, and that, by your permitting a public acknow- 
ledgment of them I may be allowed to offer the only kind of 
return for them it is in my power to make.' 

Colbert, created Marquis de Croissy, continued to give such 
proofs of rare merit and conscientiousness in all affairs confided 
to him by the cardinal, that the latter, when dying, said to 
L mis XI \'. : 'I owe every Ihiir-' to you. sire; but I think that 
I acquit myself in some degree to your majesty in giving you 
Colbert. ' 

Louis XIV. appreciated Colbert's merit so highly, that in 

1661 he created him comptroller-general of finance. At Ibis 
era, France carried on no regulaT trade but that of some of its 
provinces with the capital, and even this trade was c lined to 

the produce of the soil, Prance was still ignorantof her own 

resources and the mi f wealth that national industry can 

open. The principal road- were impassable; Colbert had them 
repaired, and also opened new ones, The junction of the two 
^■ih by which France is bounded, had before I ti propo ed 

under Louis XIII.; Colbert had it put into execution by 



*•££# 



\m** 



JUYENILB UsTSTRUOTOB. 



is: 



Eiquct. He projected the Canal do Bourgogne, and established 
a genera] insurance-office for the benefit of maritime townsi He 
founded a chamber of commerce, where the most skilful mer- 
chants were called upon to discuss the sources of national pros- 
perity; and not trusting to his own judgment, he addressed 
himself to every European court for information, not merely as 
to the branches of commerce, but as to the means of making 
that commerce flourishing. By a skilful stroke of policy, he 
taught the nobility that trade might be engaged in without 
losing caste. Nantes, St. Malo, and Bordeaux are still inhabited 
by merchants who belong to the noblest families of their 
respective provinces. At this period, the English and Dutch 
divided between them the empire of the sea. Colbert, who had 
learned how much power lay in the trade between the two 
worlds, disputed this empire with them. Dunkirk was in the 
possession of the English; he redeemed it, in 1062, from 
Charles II. at an expense of five million livres. The two India 
companies were established; a colony was scut out from 
Rochelle to people Cayenne ; a second took possession of 
Canada, and laid the foundation of Quebec ; a third settled in 
Madagascar ; the same month, sixty-five large ships sailed from 
St. Malo. The seas were infested by the corsairs of Algiers, of 
Tunis, and of Tripoli; the French vessels pursued the pirates, 
and stormed their strongholds, so that they could never after- 
wards see the French flag without terror. The harbors of 
Brest, Toulon, and Eochefort were opened, and those of Havre 
and Dunkirk fortified. Naval schools were established; and 
more than a hundred ships-of-the-line, with sixty thousand 
sailors, commauded by D'Estree, Tourville, Jean-Bart, and 
Foibin, gave to the French flag, hitherto unknown upon the 
seas, a brilliant triumph. 

It was this able minister who established glass-works in the 
Faubourg St. Antoine, which article had previously bean pur- 
chased in Venice at enormous prices. In 1G67, he founded, in 
another part of l'aris, the celebrated Gobelins manufactory — an 
establishment in which was produced the most beautiful tapes- 
tries, and which remains till this day as one of the greatest 
wonders in the French metropolis. 

In short, you cannot go a small distance in Paris without 
finding a trace of the great Colbert. The observatory, the 
beautiful garden of the Tuileries, laid out by Lenotre, the 
triumphal-arch of St. Martin's Gate, that of the Rue St. Denis, 
that benevolent and noble institution, the Hotel of the Invalids, 
many of the quays and boulevards, and several other things 
which we forget, attest the genius which shed such brilliancy 
and glory upon the age of Louis XIV.; and it is only unfor- 
tunate that that monarch, by his desire fir military conquest, 
failed to realize for Prance the solid benefits of Colbert's peace- 
ful poli<-y. Nothing was beyond the range; of this great and 
noble intellect- not even agriculture. Remembering the axiom 
of Sully, the friend and minister of Henri IV. — 'Pasturage 
and tillage are the tw uses of the state'— he encouraged the 

breeding of cattle, and rendered land more easy of acquisition. 
In the midst of BO many labors, the line arts, the fair dream 
of his early pears, were not forgotten, In 1664. he rounded the 
Academy of Painting, Architecture, ami Sculpture, and the 
French Academy at Rome; and was also greatly instrumental 
in the establishment of the Academy of Science; and that of 
Inscriptions took its rise from an assembly held in his own 
house, l'ir tin purpose of furnishing designs and devices for the 

king's medals. 

It was qoI until the 6th of September, 1683, that Colbert, who 
might have said with ComciHo, 'I owe all my renown to my- 
self.' terminated, at the age of sixty-four, a career no less useful 
than brilliant, lie left nine children, six sons rind throe 
dau lit. is His three daughters married the dukes of Chover- 

CUX, Aiguaii, and Moil. mar. Such was the end of the lllustri- 

mi- ( lolbort, once a woolon draper's apprcntioo, and whoso Brsl 
stop to distinction was an act of honor and honesty. 



[For tne Juvenile Instructor, 



€{i*ttti$1tf{j oil €ommott ®|ittt\$. ' A 



iDiECOIMIIPOSITIOIISr USTO 3. 



TO assist in obtaining acquaintance with the order in which 
changes take place among compounds, the student will do 
well to study attentively the "tables of affinity," found in 
chemical works. Dr. Ure says, in speaking upon this subject ; 
'A knowledge of the elective affinities of bodies, simple or com- 
pound, imparts to its possessor an irresistable power over the 
unions and disunions of the elements, which he can exercise in 
effecting innumerable transformations in the arts." 

Who would not bo pleased to possess this jiower, by which 
the chemistry of common things can be determined with 
certainty. Especially will this kind of knowledge be valuable 
to those who may be engaged in agricultural pursuits, although, 
in every department of human industry such knowledge is 
useful. And it is not difficult to attain this knowledge, without 
which many of the changes that matter undergoes cannot 
possibly be understood. 

Now there arc two great classes of compounds that cannot be 
brought into contact with each other without undergoing 
decomposition. To that cause we owe nearly all the changes 
that are going on in the air, the water, on the earth and under 
the earth. Be they solid, liquid or gaseous, all the time, often 
slowly, but effectually and incessantly, these two classes of 
bodies are engaged in a mutual strife with each other. Wo call 
them "acids" and "alkalies," the latter we call "bases" 
because they are the bases of bodies that we call "salts," a 
class of bodies the nature of which has been frequently 
explained. We are all familiar with the taste of acids as 
vinegar (acetic) lemon (citric) apple (malic) sour milk (lactic) 
acids. If we would try the taste of alkaline substances, sods, 
soap, or lime water will suffice. If we would see the effects 
produced by the reaction of these two bodies we need only 
bring a "base," dissolved in water, in contact with an "acid." 
Instantly decomposition takes place. Wo have an agreeable 
evidence of this kind of chemical operation in our "summer 
drinks." A little acid, either tartaric or citric (juice of lemons, 
generally) is dissolved in water, to which sugar may be added ; 
although it performs no part except to make the flavor agree- 
able, to this solution another containing carbonate; 'of soda is 
added, or the carbonate may be added as a powder and stirred 
together. The carbonate is decomposed, carbonic acid passes 
off, causing effervescence, a salt is formed (citrate of soda.) 

However to take cognizance of these acids and alkalies we 
cannot always appeal to (lie senses by taste, it would be dan- 
gerous and unscientific. For this purpose " litmus paper " is 
used as an exceedingly delicate (est. This may be prepared by 
dipping unsized paper (blotting paper) into any vegetable 
coloring principle in hot water until the paper becomes blue. 
Generally it is prepared and Bold by druggists, who use litmus, 

iii the proporti f one ounOO, finely powdered, in half a pint 

of boiling water in which it is infused for half an hour. The 
paper (while and unsized I is steeped in this until it acquires a 
line blue color, it is then dried, cut into convenient strips and 
put away fir use. Paper thus prepared is instantly acted Upon 
by "acids" whellierin fluid or vapor. Itv dipping blue litmus 
paper into a very dilute solution of hydrochloric acid in water il 
becomes red, when dried ibis is called " red litUlUS paper." It 
iS Useful as a test for alkalies, which restore the blue color, 

There ore other test papers thai attention will bo drawn to 
when necessary, Asagoncral thing till substanoos that taste 

"sour" have also the properly of changing the blue litmus 



2>^ 



■C^fv'- 



*& 



fc§£* 



152 



4i 



XT 






JTJYE1TILE I1TSTRTJCTOR 



paper into red. Great can should be taken of test papers, a 
stoppered bottle is lust to exclude air, which reddens blue 
litmus by the carbonic acid, and other acid vapors diffused 

through the atmosphere, and they are acted upon by light, 
which makes it necessary to keep them in a dark place. 

BETH. 



THE BAMBOO. 



TIIE Bamboo La a species of cane which grows ah China, 
Japan, and the South Sea Islands. The number of 
articles which are manufactured from this cane in the countries 
where it grows are surprisingly great. On the Philippine 
Islands whole towns are built of bamboo, houses and furniture 
being all manufactured from the same material. To be sure, 
these houses are but one story high, and have none of the 
conveniences and elegancies of our dwellings, as they are 
nothing more than huts, resembling somewhat our log-cabins, 
and the furniture is of the most primitive and ordinary des- 
cription. But the Malay has not fir to go for hi* lumber; 
selecting a suitable spot on the banks of a river, near the 
outskirts of a forest, or in its very midst, he at once 
proceeds to erect his house, skillfully braiding the bamboo 
twigs or tying them together with flexible reeds of lesser 
growth. In a few hours the edifice is ready for occu- 
pancy. Frail it is, and exjxised to immediate destruction 
in case of a storm or a conflagration ; but yet it serves the 
native's purpose full well; it is merely a temporary shelter, for 
most of the Malays are wandering tribes. 

The bauiboo is also transformed into conduit pipes, for sup- 
plying towns and villages with water from adjacent rivers and 
lakes. Strong and durable agricultural implements and i'anning 
tools are manufactured fr»m it, as also water-buckets, scales, 
trucks, and the various kinds of poles and rods which are used 
to carry bads or to push them along in the sin I K 

In China, and in many of the East India Islands, a very 
common mode of transporting heavy burdens is to cany them 
in a pair of large scales suspended from the man's shoulders, by 
means of a flexible bamboo rod, worn somewhat like a yoke. 

The Chinaman's broad-brimmed hat is made of split and 

braided bauiboo ; the handle's of his parasols and fans are 

quaintly carved out of it ; the split stalk is fashioned into 
baskets of every possible shape, and beds, bedding, chairs, and 
broom.- , tlie Chinaman's opium-pipe, even the paper he writes 

on, and the pencil with which lie forms tip- curious letters, all 
are manufactured from the inexhaustible reed. 

Then grows quite abundantly, on the Molucca Islands, ■> 
species of bamboo which is so hard that it emits sparks of lire 
when the axe is applied to it. Itswocd blunts the sharpest 
knives, 

Around mansions and bug< • states in the countries in which 
it flourishes, the bamboo is often planted in hedge-rows; which, 
however, have the disadvantage of often catching fire during 
storms, from the heat caused by the friction of the smooth, 
flexible stalks rubbing together. 

The rapid growth of the bamboo is used in certain parts of 
China as a means of inflicting the penalty ol death, An eye 
witness says that at sundown the culprit is led forth and 
securely tied over the young shoot; and, in nearly ever; 
he is a dead man before the morrow's sun ha- set, for the 
extraordinary |>ower of vegetation forces the -.i.ilk up into the 
flesh of tin- man, who thu- loses his life bl I 



■ i rely consist in facial expression or sym- 
metrical form. Beauty of action is much mon to be admired. 

A |*Tsi.n may possess a hmd-uiie fee I nit without the COr- 

espot i actions tie- main qualification is lacking. 



S$Ircfe& f^dry. 




YOUTH. 



Linger yet upon the hour, 
Of the green leaf and Sower; 
Art thou happy? For thy sake 
Do the birds their nnisir make — 
Hirds with golden plumes that bring 
Sunshine from a distant spring. 
For thine eyes the roses grow 
lied as sunset, white as snow, 
And the l>ees are gathering gold 
Krc the winter hours come cold, 
Flowers arc covering the wild-wood, 
Art thou weary of thy childhood ! 
Break not its enchanted reign — 
Snch life never knows again. 



THE LOST MITE. 



'Twas early in the spring, and as the rain 

In cooling showers fell, 
A little rain-drop in its train, 

Carved deep a tiny well. 
And while I mused in raptured thought, 

A bird with pinions bright, 
Flew on iiiy gurden wall, and brought, 

Within its Mil a mite. 

In answer to its bird-mate's cull 

II oped its bill to sing, 
Forgetting that the prize would full 

It strove so hard to bring. 
I watched it where it fell, and lo ! 

'Twas In the little well, 
Where I had seen the rain-drop go, 

"Too sad "—I thought to tell. 

Hut soon again I viewed the place, 

And now a seedling bright, 
Had thrnst above Its yellow bee, 

To greet my wondering sigh! ■. 
'Twas then I saw that Providence 

Hud made It happen so, 

ills goodness and Omnipotence 
Ungrateful man to show. 



Ooldi it lira. 



\ CHIHBSB ode suys: 

"There is nothing dUDcuil beneath thi Bky, 

Man only falls boCaQSC he falls to try." 



"A soft answer turncth away wrath;" so has many a pas- 
sionate person been humbled and made to feel sorry for a harsh 
and hasty expression by the mild answer of a peace-loving 
companion, Learn to give "a soft answer." 

CrXJVEOSriLE I2SrSTR / XJOTOIvL 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVi'.ltV OTHEB SATURDAY, 

CEORCE Q. CANNON. EDITOR A. PUBLISHER. 

Single ('"/"',)'"' Annum ?'J 60i 

tangle Oopy, /•'<■ Nts Months I 60. 

»#- i, run liroiighl M till" <'lty for tie .1 1 * i mi r. [HSTBOOTOB will h9 
reedvrd ul lie- offn • nlmir |.a|" r— I >f.--l 1:1 l M »s III H.iiiNiiK. 



m&* 




