\Qrnuss U t\t Iwrir! 



■^ 




VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, OCTOBPm 1, 1870. 



NO. 20. 



HZTJItTTTnsrG- J^T THIE 0-A.I=E OIP O-OOID HIOI^B, 



IN the year 1493 the Portuguese uavigator Bartholomew 
Daiz, who was exploring the south-west coast of 
Africa, was driven out to sea by a severe storm, but suc- 
ceeded in landing at Algoa Bay, on the south-east coast of 
that contineat, having thus accidently doubled, or passed 
round the Cape of Good Hope, he being the tirst Euro- 
pean; of whom we have any account, who succeeded in 
crossing the extreme southern point of Africa. On his 
way back to Portugal he saw the Cape, and gave it the 
name of the Cape of Storms. The king of Portugal, how- 



embraces the whole of the moat southern portions of tlie 
continent is now known as Cape Colony or the colony of 
the Cape of Good Hope. 

It is a scene on the borders of this colony that is rei>re- 
sented in our cut. A hunter, possibly Gordon Cumming, 
is chasing a herd of the wild animals, so abundant in that 
region. In those parts are found lions, bufRvlo, quaggas, 
springboks, girafTes, zebras, and many others. In our 
picture the most noticeable animals are the zebras and the 
giraffes. The former have been so lately described in the 




over, gave it tlie happier name it still bears, as its dis- 
covery gave hope of a new and easier way of reaching 
India, the great object of all the maritime expeditions of 
that age. Four years later tlie great navigator Vasco de 
Gama, doubled the Cape, and carried the Portuguese flag 
into the Indian seas; still his countrymen made no per- 
manent settlement at tlie capo ; but tlie Dutch who estab- 
lished themselves in the East on tlie decline of the power 
of the Portuguese, founded a colony there wliich gradu- 
ally extended its power over the surrounding regions. In 
1806 tlie British occupied the country, and it has since re- 
mained in their possession, having been rtnally ceded to 
Great Britain by the King of tlie Netherlands at the peace 
of 181.5. The country now belonging to the British which 



pages of the Juvenile that we shall not now lefer to 
them; but will devote a short time to the Giratle or Caniel- 
eopard as it is sometimes called. 

This is the tallest of animals, its long tapeiing neck and 
very long fore legs strike every one with astonishment, 
the first time they behold it. It is unlike all other animals, 
but probably resembles the deer kind, more than any 
other family of living creatures. The horns of the girattb 
ditt'er both in texture and shape, from those of all other 
quadrupeds, forming, as it were, a part of the skull, and 
consisting of two porous bony substances, with which the 
top of the head is arnieil, and which arc placed just above 
the ears, and crowned with a thick tuft of still', upright 
hairs. The neck is furnished with a very short still" mane. 



^^ 



»&^3^^ 



■^ 



J^ 



G" TJ "^ EI ZSr I L El insrSTIS/TJOTOI^ 



1^^ 



I 



The fore part of the body is very thick aud muscular ; the 
hind part, thin and meagre. The giraffe when full grown, 
measures seventeen feet from the top of the head to the 
fore feet. The color of the giraffe is a light fawn, marked 
with numerous large spots or patches of a much darker 
hue. One of these animals, about two thirds grown in a 
menagerieof the old world, eats daily, eighteen pounds of 
clover hay, aud eighteen pounds of mixed vegetables con- 
sisting of carrots, mangel-worzel, barley, split beans and 
onions. By way of drink, it consumed four gallons of 
water. 

An animal of rare beauty very much resembling the 
giraffe has been captured this year by a British officer 
near the MoKenzie river, a, large stream of British North 
America, emptying into the Arctic Ocean. The animal was 
taken when (juite young, is now quite tame, and follows 
its keeper like a dog. It is about four mouths old, and 
generally stands about five feet high, but when it raises 
its head to its full height, it then reaches about seven feet. 
It is of a dark brown color, has large eyes, aud is very 
fleet, being able to outrun the fastest horse in the neigh- 
borhood. Sir John K. Packenham, the gentleman to 
whom it belongs, is now taking it to England, where it 
will ni> doubt e-xcite much interest amongst naturalists £is 
the tirst specimen landed in that country, of an animal 
until lately unknown on this continent. 

G. R. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






ooisTOi^ETionsrs. 



BESIDES corals and other fossils, there are concretions 
found in the earth, thai freiiuently resemlile organic 
substances. The shape of lliese concretions varies, it is 
seldom that two are seen precisely alike. Their chemi- 
cal composition li.as lillle to do with their form; in this 
respect they diller greatly from cry.staline formations 
which are deliiiite shapes, determined by the nature of the 
crystalizing substance. They are fre(iuently calcareous 
formations that are made up of the substance of which 
limestones have liecn formed, namely, corals, corallines, 
shells, crinoids, <fec. Sometimes they are siliceous, that 
is, made up of the substance of Hint in solution. A former 
article on "silicon" may be read with interest on the 
nature of silica, (vol. iv, page 171); or they may bo /(Itln- 
)>nlhii- (of the nature of /rldnpor) in composition. In 
shape many are round or sphere like; for this reason they 
are called "gcodes," a wonl that conveys the id('a of being 
shapeil like tlie earth. Some have very singular shapes, 
resembling animals or vegetables, &c.; these ge!ierally get 
the name of "petrifaction," added to the name of the 
name of the thing tlicy resemble, to designate them. 
Thus there are petrilied turtles, skulls, toads and cats-eyes; 
a concretion resembling vegetjible matter is known as 
"petrilied sage-brush." 

The gecxles are sometimes very beautiful; when broken 
open they resemble a crystal grotto. When the substance 
ofageode is made up of diflerent colors in bands, from the 
outsiile to the centri-, with crystals in the middle, it re- 
ceives a name jieculiar to itself, to distinguish it; as, for 
instance, a chalcedonic, or an ony.x geode, &c. 

Some concretions are partly made up of mineral matter 
that shoots into stcttar forms from the centre; or, at 



times, a set of concentric layers may be formed. There is 
no end to tlie combinations of form that matter assumes 
in forming concretions. But let us try to form an idea 
how concretions generally are made, then the principle 
will apply to all of them. 

Fluids are continually moving about in the rocks; water 
containing carbonate of lime that has been dissolved liy 
carbonic acid and silica in combination with alkaline 
matter. When, by infiltration, these fluids permeate a 
sandstone or other rook, they may either chemically com- 
bine with, or mechanically remain in combination. In 
either case a concretion may be formed; the matter 
hardens, and, when solid, difters in its nature from the 
surrounding soil in which it is imbedded. If the fluid 
has spread itself in every direction alike, which it is very 
likely to do, the form is more or less symmetrical, and is 
likely to be spherical, or approaching to that shape. If 
the fluid has passed along a stratum of rock, and pene- 
trated by intiltration into diflerent parts of the same stra- 
tum, the concretions formed will generally be more or less 
alike. This is the reason why flints are found in rows in 
limestones, and round pebbles in our red sandstone. 

But at times there are hollow cavities in rocks that may 
have been formed by worms or other soft animals; some- 
times the roots of trees decay and leave cavities; or, ani- 
mals buried up may perish, and every atom of organic 
matter be removed. Wheu a solution of silica enters such 
a cavity it begins to solidify and take the shape of the 
cavity, ;is it would do that of a mould. Such concretions 
are known as "casts," they are generally hollow and ttlled 
with crystals. 

Concretions may, however, be formed when there is 
nothing whatever to give shape to them; there is no ac- 
counting for the diversitted shapes of such; a leaf falling 
in may give its form to a part, or the gniss that is growing 
on the spot. The beautiful concretions of the .soda springs 
are adorned by deciduous leaves and even insects that fal' 
into them. 

Some concretions are very wonderful on account of their 
symmetrical form; and tliey are not le.ssso because they are 
found not to be "petrifactions" of organic bodies. It is 
certainly a disappointment when we have posscsse<l and 
jiri/.ed a remarkable bone of some supposeil animal that 
existed before the flood, to lind on examination tliat it is 
merely a concretion of carbou.ate of lime; or that a "petri- 
fied cats-eye" is nothing but merely a concretion of silica, 
colored in the centre by oxide of iron, and surrounded by 
crystals that had their origin in the centre of a "geode!" 

Bkth. 



DOiN'T fancy, young people, that, because your (piick 
tem|)er causes you a good deal of trouble, that it is a 
thing of evil and only evil. Your quick temi)er, like all 
the rest of your (pialities and powers, is a gift from your 
loving Creator, lie gave it to you in love; it is good for 
you ; it is |)art of your anus and equipments in the battle 
of life. Vou will have need of it l)efore you are througli 
with its coiiMicts. A quick t<!m])er is a bad master, but a 
good slave ; when you let it get control of you it is your 
mastx.T, and leads you into a great deal of wrong. 1 1 takes 
possession of you like a little liend ; it Hushes and bloats 
your face, it kindles your eyes, it scowls your brows, it 
gnashes yr>ur teeth, it clinches your bands in fists, it 
thrusts out your feet in kicks, it causes your tongue to hiss 
out liateful words, that you would lind it inqjossible to 
speak when you were your own natural self ; it gets you 
into evil that pciliaps a lifetime cannot undo. 

But a ijuick temper is a good slave; Make it your slave; 
conquer it— hold it in obedience to your will and it will 
serve you well, and your own character will grow in 



■le^^ti 






'^ 



^s^-^f 



J- TJ "V^ E 35r I L El IILTSTI^/TJOTOK/, 



155 



nobleness and strength from the effort at conquest. The 
liighest excellence of character comes from subduing evil 
and rising above it. If you have a good deal of the evil 
in your nature, you will make a great ascent v.'heu you 
get above it, and you will stand higher and be stronger — 
more virtuous than any one naturally amiable, who has 
had no struggle and gained no victory. 

We are apt to think that a meek person must be a spirit- 
less, passive body, with no temptations to get angry. I 
do not think this is what God means liy meekness, for 
Moses, tlie meekest man that ever lived, had, by nature, a 
(juick temper. You rememlier how he once killed a man 
who was unjust to another, how he meddled in other peo- 
ple's quarrels, how he threw down and broke the tables 
of stone on which God had just written the ten command- 
ments. You remember, too, liow he assumed, that he 
had brought tlie water out of the rock, and not CJod. 

If you are troubled with a very ugly temper, you have 
a great field for conquest. Alexander the Great once wept 
because he had no more worlds to conquer. Y'ou will pro- 
bably never be reduced to tliis extremity. You will have 
something to conquer if you live to be a huudred years 
old, but, day by day, with each victory, you shall enter 
upon your certain possessions. 

The Bible says the meek shall inherit the earth, and I 
used to think this was very strange. I supposed that 
meeli pople meant spiritless people, and if they ever were 
going to inherit the earth it would be a long time before 
they came into their property. Butlsee it differently now. 
The meek — that is those who have overcome themselves — 
are the royal natures ; to them all things shall be iu sub- 
jection. The earth is theirs, and God shall crown tliem 
kings and conquerors. — Selected. 



as^|=^ec 



JVCISSIOiTJ^.K.'Y SICETOHIES. 




THE Sandwich Islanders entertained a singular idea 
aliout the manner in which their islands came into 
being. Their belief was that the Islands were brought 
forth, and that Papa, a woman whom they worshipped as 
a goddess, was the mother of them. The first born, they 
think was Hawaii, the nearest island to this continent, 
and the last-born Kauai and Niihau. This Papa had a 
sister, they say, whose name was Pele. They worshipped 
her as a goddess, and even when we were there many still 
believed in her. They say that she first lived at Kauai, 
and from tliere removed from one island to another until 
she took up her residence oa Hawaii. They believed that 
her place of residence, was the pit of the active volcano 
Kilauea, and that there, all the spirits of good chiefs and 
men went to dwell. The bad ones went, they believed, to 
a place of darkness in the center of the earth, over which 
a god called iVIilu reigned. In former days the people 
threw the bones of some of their dead relatives into the 
volcano. They had the idea that if Pele was pleased with 
the sacrifice, she would consume the bones, and the spirit 
of the dead person would be permitted to return and be a 
familiar spirit to them and be as one of the family. If the 
sacrifice was not acceptable, the bones were thrown out of 
the volcano. 

While on Hawaii, iu company with several other 
elders, white and native, I visited An Lua o J'ele, (The 
pit of Pele), as the volcano Kilauea is called. It is the 
largest known crater in the world. The pit is probably 
three miles across. There have been times when the 
whole bottom of the pit was one mass of lurid, seething 
fire. This must have been an awfully grand sight, but 
when we visited it, we found an immense field of lava 
which extended all around the pit, and which resembled 
in many respects the sea in its wave-like appearance. It 
might also have been compared to a field of shore-ice from 
which the water had receded, leaving it shattered and 
cracked ; in fact it looked like a frozen sea except that it 
was black as coal. In cooling it had cracked, leaving 



large seanxs from which steam and heat issued. In many 
places you could look down these cracks, and see the 
flaming fire beneath. We found these cracks ;to vary 
from two to eight feet in width, and as we had to cross 
them to go to the spot where the volcano was then raging, 
we had to be exceedingly careful, for a false step would 
likely result in our destruction. In crossing this lava, we 
felt our way very carefully with our poles, just as men do 
who cross a frozen lake when the ice is rotten. As we 
drew near to the then present mouth of the volcano, we 
came to hills almost resembling lime-kilns in their ap- 
pearance, out of which a thick, large body of smoke and 
steam ascended. These were all included in the active 
crater a few years before we visited it. Latterly it had 
decreased in size, and these had been thrown up. 

After leaving these lime-kiln looking hills and walking 
towards the mouth of the crater, we had great difficulty 
in breathing, the sulphurous smoke was so strong. We 
found the pit in which the fire was raging to be about 
fifty or sixty feet deep ; it was 'nearly round, and about 
one hundred yards across. The sides were perpendicular; 
the strongest heat seemed to be around the sides. On one 
side there were two large holes very close together, which 
looked more like the mouths of two very large furnaces 
than anything else I ever saw. Here the melted lava was 
in constant motion, surging and heaving like the waves 
of the sea. The sound wliich it made was somewhat 
similar to tlie paddles of a steam vessel in the ocean, only 
it was far greater. We heard this sound before we 
reached the mouth of the volcano, and it resembled to our 
ears tlie booming of heavy artillery at a distance. The 
lava kept flowing in the direction of these two holes of 
which I ppoke, and rocks thrown down upon the surface 
of the lava would melt when near these holes like sealing 
wax held in a candle. It was surprising to see with what 
ease the fire could melt this stony mass of lava, which in 
some parts of the pit would cool on the surface, and con- 
vert it again into a fluid. Sometimes showers of hot lava 
would be thrown up in the air, and descend on the edges 
of the pit where we stood. When this occurred the by- 
standers would have to scamper off as fa.st as they could, 
or be severely burned. 

The sight of this pit surpassed in sublimity and grand- 
eur anything I had ever witnessed or imagined. It far 
exceeded what I had read in written descriptions or even 
what I expected to see. Language fails to convey to the 
mind a correct idea of its appearance. We were told that 
a party of natives had just been there, throwing the bones 
of one of their relatives into the volcano with hogs, fowls, 
&c., sacriflces with which to gain the favor of Madam 
Pele the goddess. For some years there had not been any 
eruptions from this crater which we visited ; but others 
had broken out in the same neighborhood, the fire and 
smoke of which had been seen for a long distance, and 
ashes from which it was said, had fallen on the decks of 
vessels hundreds of miles at sea. From these eruptions 
the lava had ran down to the sea, sweeping everything 
before it, heating the sea for several miles in such a man- 
ner as to kill large quantities of fish. 

The island of Hawaii is very frequently shaken by 
earthquakes, the effects of the hidden fires. Our elders 
travelled and preached considerably upon this island and 
large branches ware built up. 



Half the truth may be a lie, in tlie absence of the other 
half. 



Satan's promises are like the meat tliat fowlers set 
before birds, which is not meant to feed them, but to take 
them. 



^ 




Cr TJ ^ E 3Sr I H. E IlTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



i5Tu iaft^ttll^ itt^lrutlor. 






CEORCE Q. CANNON 


EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, OCTOBER ], 


18 7 0. 



EIDITOI^I^Xj thotjcb-hits. 




I T lias beeu remarked in the C'hurcli that 
many of the odneatecl men who have 
joiiied it have fallen into transgression and 
ajiostatized. The little learning they had 
obtained was in advance of that of many 
of their associates, they were, therefore, 
lifted up in their hearts, became proud 
and forgot that all they had received came 
from (!od. 
This Las beeu the effect of a little learning. 
Had these men been more thoroughly educated, 
their knowledge would have led them t« be 
more humble, to be less disposed to take credit 
to themselves and more ready to give the glory 
tu God. If education was likely to make people 
apostatize, we should be averse to it; we should not 
want our children, or any other children of the 
Latter-day .Saints, to be educated. It would by 
much better for them never to learn to read or write, to master 
niathi'matics, to obtain a knowledge of liistory, of science or 
the arts, if these acquirements would cau.se them to deny the 
faith, desert the truth and become apostates. We think faith 
in God, love for, and obedience to, the truth, of far greater 
wortli than an educatioti such as is olitained in the school-room, 
and if children could not have the furnier if they had the 
latter, then we would say let the latter go; for a sdiool-room 
education is not to be compared with the knowledge of God 
and tlie love of the truth. 

Rut, right here, the question ari.ses : Can not a man be a 
(iiithful, upright, true servant of God and be a man of good 
education besides? We have met with pcoiile wlio thought 
not. 'J'hey thought learning so dangerous that tliey boasted 
of their ignorance. In their feelings they were oj)po.sed t<i the 
learning to be obtained in schools, and they thouglit they were 
jiLstitied in having these feelings by what they had seen. 

Now, if no ignorant men had ever denied the faith, this 
kind of rea.soning would be excellent. J}ut it is a fact that 
bc>tli educated men and ignorant men have apostatized. 1'hcre- 
forc, education i.s not the only cause of apostacy, and ignorance 
is not a .safeguard against it. But, it may be asked. Is not an 
educated man more likely to apostatize than an ignorant man? 
Ves. if with what is called education he has imbibed ciTor, and 
holds that error as truth; or, if instead of being huudtle and 
rliildlike, he jiridcs himself upon his knowledge, and when 
ti-utli is taught or counsel is given by the .servants of God, he 
makes liis education a standard by which to judge of its cor- 
rectncs.s. The apostle Paul .says: " No man by wisdom found 
out God." There is a wisdom and knowledge higiicr than that 
obtained by school-room education, or from .scliocjl books, and 
if an educated man docs not acknowledge this and act upon it, 
tiien hLs education proves a snare to him, and he is more likely 
to become an ajiostatc than an ignorant man in the same cir- 
cumstances. 'J'he difficulty with eduiati(jn obtained in .s(-liools 
among the Gentile nations has been that it is not founded .in 
truth; many things are taught as true which are not true. 




When a man receives an education of this kind it will lead him 
astra)', unless he has so much faith in the gospel that he can 
throw aside everything that comes in contact with its princi- 
ples and teachings. This is not an ea.sy thing for men to do; 
hence there are but few men who are called educated who 
receive the testimony of the elders, or who, when they join 
the church, have fitith enough to stand. Another difficulty 
with such education is, that a man who obtains it feels that it 
has given him a superiority over liis uneducated neighbor, and 
he can not stoop to be taught by him, even though the latter 
have God's eternal truth to give him. This is the difficulty with 
the world just now — it cannot receive the gospel of Jesus from 
men no better educated than the elders ot the church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints. 

But a good, sound education, such as can be obtained now 
among the Saints, is an excellent advantage to young people. 
We have schools now taught by elders, in which children can 
obtain learning without doubt and unbelief being mixed with 
it. The elders can teach the children that tlie gospel is pure 
truth, that it is of far greater worth and more reliable than 
the systems of men; that the teachings and counsels of the 
servants of God are of the first and highest im]iortance, and 
should be obeyed accordingly. Then, with such a foundation 
as this to build ujjon, school education will do good and not 
injury; it will qualify our boys and girls to be more useful and 
better members of the church than if they were ignorant; and 
it will prejjarc them to till with honor the stations which, in 
the great future of the work of God, they will be called to 
occupy. We say to the Juveniles, therefore, obtain as sound 
and thorough an education as you can. If you can go to the 
University, do so. Acquire and treasure up knowledge. But 
always remember to cherish faith in the gospel and confidence 
in the servants of G od. Let no doubts enter your hearts upon 
these subjects. Ijot it be fixed knowledge in your minds that 
the gospel is true, and that it and the priesthood of God must 
be obeyed, and if anything come in contact with that, reject it. 
By so doing you will be preserved from the evils of error and 
falsehood, and from apostacy. 



T)OYS and girls who live in this country and were liorn here, 
•^ have but little idea of the manner in which people in other 
countries and in large cities in this nation live. Our manner 
of life and style of doing things are so difTerent here, to what 
they are elsewhere, that uidess a jierson has visited other 
lands, he can not conceive ol'the contrast. We read the other 
day that in New York there are houses, which poor peo))le 
rent to li\'e in, where from seventy to one hundred and forty, 
and even as manj' as one hiuidred and eighty human beings have 
been found living under the same roof, and yet the liouse did 
not occupy more space upon the ground than twenty-five by 
fifty feet. You a.sk, how is it po.ssible that .so many jier.sons 
can live in a house of that size? They are built with four, and 
sometimes five, stories above the cellar. Ikit think even then 
how closely packed the peojile who live there must be! If we 
Count the cellar, and add it to the five stories, there are six 
stories upon which pcojile live. I'ivide one hundred and 
eighty by six, and we have thirty souls to every floor, and 
these floors are only twenty-five by fifty feet! 

Ot course where people of all kinds and of both sexes, men 
and women, boys and girls, arc .so clo.sely packed together, cor- 
rui)tion and crime must iirevail to a great extent. And then 
the children, bow is it po.ssible that they can be ])ure! J'Vom 
such dens of vice little truants, thieves, vagabonds and beggars 
come forth by hundreds. These poor creatures arc in many 
resi)ects in a worse condition than the brutes. The brutes of 
one kind know as much and no more than all the rest of the 



i*,3^' 



■^^4 



s^ 



J Tj "\r E isr I n. E insrsTi^TJOTOie/. 



157 



brutes of tlie same kiucl. But this is not the case with these 
children. They are degraded far below the level of other chil- 
dren. They see nothing but vice around them, and are 
trained in nothing but wickedness. They are not, therefore, 
so much to be blamed as tho.se are who teach tliem and set 
them these examples. 

To save children of this class from utter ruin, a few rich 
men, moved with pity, have established near the edge of New 
York city, a house which they call a Juvenile Asylum. In this 
asylum they have gathered about five hundred children of both 
sexes, tlie drift of the dirty streets, docks and alleys and every 
other low jjlace of the city. Children are sent to this asylum 
by the officers of the law, and wheii there the.v are watched 
and kept within the grounds so that they cannot ruu away. 
Here they remain and are trained, .sometimes for a few months, 
in otlier cases for more than two years. After that they are 
sent out to Chicago, where there is an agent, who provides 
them with homes wherever he can get j^eople to take them. 
In many instances they become useful and respected members 



of society. But then, these children who are thus trained are 
only like a drop in a bucket compared to the thousands who 
are left in New York and other large cities to grow ui) in 
poverty and vice. 

How thankful the Juveniles of this country ought to be in 
reflecting upon their condition in these mountains. They have 
a healthy, free country to live in, where there is plenty of 
room, where destitution and want are scarcely known, where 
good examples are constantly before their faces, and where 
they are taught the truths of heaven. Do you think of these 
things, little readers? When you sit down to your jiarents' 
tables spread with food in plenty, do you feel thankful ibr it, 
and reflect upo.n the numbers of children in other lands who 
have to beg their bread, aud are pinched and starved for want 
of something to eat? Do you feel thankful for comfortable 
houses, for warm clothing, for the beds on which you lie, and 
the covering that is spread over you while you sleep? In this 
land we know not the misery of the peoijle of other lands ; if 
we ever have known it or read about it, we are apt to forget it. 



T "EI E SFHIlsTX:. 



[For the Juvenile Insti'ucfor. 



THERE is much uncertainty as to the time when the 
building resembling a liunian head was built, and 
even the purpose for which it was erected; about tlie pyra- 
mids, also represented in the plate, much more is known, 
although not with absolute certainty. Tlie ancient Egyp- 
tians seem to have taken advantage of any natural forma- 
tion on tlie surface of the earth, to assist them in carrying 
out tlieir grand ^^^^^ — -_ 

architectural con- r" 
captions in build- ; 
1 n g. For in-' 
stance, a ro c k 
that, iu itself, 
was unsiglitlj, 
wa.s made useful, 
material not 
v^anted was r e 
moved, much as 
the s c u 1 p t o 1 
works on a rock 
that which was ' 
left was worked 
in to shape accord- 
ing to a design 
This appears to 
iiave been done in 
forming t h t 
Sphinx, the sul)- 
ject of the engra\ - 
ing. 

It is supposed 
that some mighty monauh i.s icpicscntcd b> this hi,t,h 
image, set up near the pyramids; others say it is a sym- 
bol of Deity. The name used by the Egyptians to desig- 
nate it does not lielp us much; R-m-sho is variously ren- 
dered as Remsho, Hor-m-kho, and Armaehis, all of which 
names the same phonetics would form. There is .something 
"about the sun" in it, for that is what Re means. One 
thing is certain, it was at least 2000 years before Christ 
that the Sphinx was built. 

It is said that the Sphinx is forty feet above the present 
level of the soil, and that only the head aud shoulders are 
now visible above the sand. ISio doubt this structure pre- 
.seuted an impo.^iiig appearance when Egypt was in lier 



glory, four thousand years ago. The head was formerly 
covered with a cap, part of which still remains; it had 
also a beard, much in the style of the Pharaohs, or Egyp- 
tian kings. Travelers have taken the trouble to remove 
the sand, and thus expose the lower parts. It appears to 
have had a body of an animal form, recumbent, with the 
paws extended, as generally represented in pictures. The 

„^___ ___^_ -,- - Sphinx, has 

been used as an 
iirnament both 
in ancient a n d 
modern times; 
incient temples, 
Old the abodes 
ot the opul e n t, 
weie approached 
b\ a V e n u e s o f 
.,1 eat length, 
nil either side 
of which w e re 
pi iced colossal 
:;,^ sphinxes. 

^^ e may reason- 
iblj conjecture 
that the Sphinx 
w IS in some way 

associated with re- 

^;r lisjious worship; 
-^^ iillerings were 
■^^-^ made to it in the 
i::^:^iti.>n of Thotli- 
nies IV, a nionaich who itigucd about 1700 years before 
Christ. This may be inferred from a statement made on 
a tablet in hieroglyphics, placed at the side of the Sphinx. 
Tliis tablet informs us who the monarch was that otTered 
incense and oblations; and, other inscriptions, down in 
Roman times, tell us of acts of adoration done. 

Egypt is a land of mystery, the sacred writings or hiero- 
glyphs, are mystical in meaning; the artist has contrived 
to give an idea of their appearance, on a tablet or a block 
of stone in the foreground. A man sitting on a chair, 
or throne, with the right hand elevated is a symbol of 
sovereignty. The phonographic equivalent of the symbol 
isSoten, which means king. 




4' 





'Jw?^ 



JTJ "VEISr I LE IlsTSTI^TJOTOI?., 



^u^t^i\l\i. 






THE 




II ILK Josi'iih and Ilyruni wore in jail 
at Carllinije, tlieir younger brother 
Samuel, started on liorsebaek from 
where lie lived to see them. 'While on 
the way ho was pursued liy nioboerats; 
but escaped from them by Ihe lleetness 
of his horse. He reached Carthage in 
safety, fiom whence he went to Nauvoo 
in company with the bodies of his 
martyred brothers. The excitement 
consequent upon this chase, and his grief at 
the death of his beloved iDrothers, threw 
liini into a fever from which he never recov- 
ered. He died on the 30tli of July. He was 
the third person baptized by the authority 
of the holy priesthood in this generation, being 
jireceded by his brother Joseph and Oliver 
C'owdery only, and was one of the witnesses to 
the Book of iMormon. He was a humble, stead- 
fast and truly good man, and had preached the 
gospel faithfully from the time ho received it up to the 
last of his days on earth. 

Before the President of the Twelve Apostles and the 
majority of the quorum could return to Nauvoo, an anx- 
iety began to be exhibited by certain parties to arrange 
affairs to suit themselves. Among the first of those 
attempts was that of William Marks, who was President 
of the Stake of Zion at Nauvoo. He was eager to have a 
Trustee-in-Trust appointed to take charge of affairs ; 
others were anxious to have the Church organized ; we 
suppose they wanted to appoint a President; but Doctor 
liichards, Bishoj) \Vhituey and otlier staunch men, were 
opposed to any ajipointments or other business of that 
character being attended to before the Twelve Apostles 
returned. 

Brother Geo. A. Smith, who, with other elders, wa.s 
laboring in Mieliigan at the time the news came to them 
of the niunler of Joseph and Hyruni, reached Nauvoo on 
the night of the iSth of July. Klder Parley P. Pratt, 
arrived from his mission on the 10th inst., and the elders 
from various parts of the States, having had the sad news 
of the death of the prophet and patriarch confirmed, 
began to arrive home. They seemed weighed down with 
gloom. On the 3rd of August Sidney Rigdon arrived from 
J'ittsburg. 

rmmediately upon Ids arrival he began to lay his jilans 
to have the Cluirch accept him as President, or lus ho 
called it "(guardian." Eblers Parley P. Pratt, Oeo. A. 
Smith and Willard llichards, saw him after his arrival, 
and an appointment wa.s arranged to moot together in 
council the next Sunday) morning ; but he failed to meet 
with them. He evi<lently harl no wish to come face to 
face with them, as he would have ilone had his intentions 
been honest, upright and honorable. Ho desired to get at 
the people, and he shunned councils in whicli flie apostles 
and till- men of authority ami understanding met; they 
would sift bis |>retensions too closely ; liut he was eloquent, 
and hoped by meeting with the jn'ople his oratory would 
win tliem. Ho was not averse, however, to holding 
secret councils witli a certain class of persons, those who 
had lost their faitli, and wore in tne dark, and were reaily 
for any dehision that might present it.self. His pretended 
visions and revelation.s he related to them, and they 



accepted them as divine. But from the apostles who were 
then there he endeavored to conceal his movements ; and 
in doing this he plainly showed the spirit he was of, for 
the righteous are as bold as lions; they do network in 
the dark ; they do not plot in secret and try to hide their 
plans from their lirethren, but declare the counsel and 
word of the Lord jilainly and in a way to be fully tested. 
He know these apostles had the keys by which they 
could tost his claims aud so-called revelations, and also 
the claims and revelations of every man who professed to 
be sent of God, and therefore he avoided them as much as 
possible. 

That day was the 4th of August, and at ten o'clock that 
morning the people assembled at the grove, which was 
the usual place of meeting in the summer time, and Sid- 
ney Rigdon tireached from the words: "For my thoughts 
are not as your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, 
saith tlie Lord." He related a vision which, he said, the 
Lord had shown him concerning the situation of the 
Church, and said there must be a guardian appointed to 
build tlie Church up to Joseph, as he had begun it. He 
was the identical man, he said, that the ancient Prophets 
had sung about, wrote and rejoiced over, and he w^s sent 
to do the identical work that had been the theme of all 
the I'rophets in every preceding generation. He told 
many more things eiiually foolish to the people about the 
fate that awaited his enemies and the great things that he 
was to perform, adding that if it were not for two or three 
things which he knew, the Latter-day Saints would be 
utterly destroyed, and not a soul be left to tell the tale. 

In alluding to this sermon afterwards. Brother Parley. 
P. Pratt Humorously said of himself, "I am the identical 
man the Prophets never sang nor wrote a word about." 

In the afternoon Sidney Rigdon requested William 
Marks, President of the Stake, to give a notice out to the 
Saints that there would be a special meeting of the Church 
held at that j: lace the ensuing Thursday, the 8th inst., for 
the purpose of choosing a "CJuardian." Marks was in 
entire sympathy with Rigdon, and it suited him exactly 
to have this meeting held, for, whether he aspired to 
position himself or not, he was very anxious to have a 
President and Trustee-in-Trust appointed without delay. 
Doctor Richards proposed waiting till the Twelve Apostles 
returned. ISIarks replied that President Rigdon wanted 
the meeting on Tuesday, but he had put it off" till Thurs- 
day. He justified the haste in calling the meeting by 
saying that Rigdon was some distance from his family, 
which was in Pittsburgh, and he wanted to know if the 
Saints had anything for him to do; if not, he wanted to go 
on his way, for there was a people numbering thousands 
and tens of thousands who would receive him; he wanted 
to visit other branches of tlie Church around, but he had 
come liere first. 

The design in this wius very clear. Tlie excuse was that 
Sidney Rigdon's family was in Pittsburgh, but what of 
that? To an Elder in the path of duty, being at a distance 
from Ills family made no dilfoience, if God required his 
labors. But Sidney Rigdon hail only arrived in Nauvoo 
the day before, aud yet he was in such haste that he could 
not wait a few days for the Twelve Apostles to arrive ! The 
fact was ho hoped to carry out his design before they could 
roach Nauvoo. It was no part of his scheme to wait for 
tliem. The leading Kldors were all dissatisfied with the 
apiiointmont of a meeting in so hurried a manner. The 
Twelve Apostles were soon exi)octod liomo, they said, and 
to have a meeting before their arrival soonied like a ])lot 
to take advantage of the situation of llio Saints. But God 
was watching over His people, aud His iirovidence was 
overruling all for good and for the accomplishment of His 
designs. 



W 




■m^mi 



CrU'V^ED^ILEl IIsrSTIE^/TJGTOI?/. 



X59 



-R^J^G-CJrlElD SOHIOOIjS- 



From "Triumphs of Invention and Discovery. "- 
Published by T. Nelson & Sons, London. 



TWENTY yeare ago tliere was a cobbler's room in a 
little old house in St. Mary Street, Portsmouth, which 
used to present a strange and interesting spectacle. The 
cobbler himself might have been seen sitting on a stool in 
the middle of the I'oom, with an old shoe between his 
knees, a gray-haired, venerable man, with spectacles 
turned up upon hia massive brow, alternately engaged in 
patching up the shoe and hearing a ragged urchin— who 
stood in front of him with a little primer in his hand — 
say his lesson. A number of other ragged boys and girls 
stood or squatted about the room, whicti was littered with 
books, lasts, old shoes in various stages of decay, cheap 
prints, and bird cages. Tliat was John I'ounds, the shoe- 
maker and philanthropist, engaged in the duties of his 
ragged academy. A poor cobbler, obliged to work at his 
trade, late and early, to get a living, with little education 
himself to boast of, but earnest, warm-liearted, resolute in 
well doing, John Pounds managed, with his small means 
and scanty opportunities, lo do more for the good of his 
race, by his own unaided, independent exertions, than 
many a grand society with large funds and numerous 
agents. 

Born of very humble parents iu [Portsmouth, in 17G0, 
John Pounds began life at an early age as a shipwright iu 
the dockyard. An accident, however, broke one of his 
thighs and crippled him for life; and he had to look out 
for some other mode of winning his bread. A sedentary 
occupation, of course, suited him, and so he took to shoe- 
makiug and mending. Being a steady, diligent young 
fellow, lie did a good stroke of work; and as he did not 
spend much upon himself, he thought he could not do 
better than reheve his brother of the burden of one of his 
numerous children— besides, it would be company for 
Iiimself. Accordingly, he took one of his nephews to live 
with him, the one least likely to be able to do much for 
his own living, for he was a pale faced little fellow, with 
his feet overlapping each other and turned inwards. 
Pounds, a cripple Iiimself, was grieved to the heart every 
time he looked at tlie child's deformed feet, and saw him 
hobbling helplessly about tlie room. Pie turned over in 
his mind what he could tlo to repair tlie deficiencies of 
nature, and being of an ingenious mechanical turn, con- 
structed airapparatus of old shoes and leather, by wear- 
ing wliich liis nephew got his legs twisted into their pro- 
per position, and could run about with ease. With the 
removal of the deformity his health improved rapidly, 
and having done so much for his body, his uncle now set 
about doing what he could for his mind. He had never had 
the benefit of any education to speak of himself, but he 
could read and write, and had a smattering of aritlinietic. 
He was rather fond of reading, like all i)ersous whose 
lives are mostly spent in-doors, though be had not many 
opportunities of cultivating that taste. What httle learn- 
ing he had picked up, in one way and another, chiefly, of 
course, if not entirely, by seIf-e<kication, he resolved to 
impart to his nephew. He began to teach him reading, 
and the task soon liccame one of his greatest pleasures. 
The boy showed himself an apt and willing pupil; but 
Pounds thought he would make more progress if he had 
a companion, and invited a poor neighbor to send his 
children to be taught. The invitation was gladly accept- 
ed, and led to others. The poor folk round about were 
delighted to have their children kept out of mischief, even 
if they did not learn much ; and Pounds"grew more and 



more attached to the work as he proceeded. Teaching 
became quite a passion with him; he threw his whole 
heart into the work, studied the children's ways, interest- 
ed them in their lessons, and so ingratiated himself with 
them that they soon b gan to think going to the cobbler's 
school better fun even than making dirt pies or breaking 
windows. His little booth was soon filled with his ragged 
pupils every day. 

"His humble workshop," says ^the writer of a memoir 
which apjieared soon after his death, "was about six feet 
wide, and about eighteen feet in length, in tlie midst of 
which he would sit on his stool with his last or lapstone 
on his knee, and otlier implements by his side, going on 
with liis work and attending at the same time to the pur- 
suits of the whole assemblage, some of whom were read- 
ing at his ."dde, writing from dictation, or showing up their 
sums; others seated around on forms or boxes on the floor, 
or on the steps of a small staircase in the rear. Although 
the master seemed to know where to look for each, and to 
maintain a due command over all, yet so small was the 
room, and so deficient in the usual accommodation of a 
school, that the scene appeared to the observer from with- 
out to be a mere crowd of children's heads and faces. 
When the weather permitted he caused them to take 
turns in sitting on the threshold of his front door, and on 
a httle form on the outside, for the benefit of the fresh air. 
His modes of tuition were chielly of his own devising. 
Without even having heard of Pestalozzi, necessity led 
him into tlie interrogatory system. He taught the chil- 
dren to read from hand bills and such remains of old 
school books as he could procure. Slates and pencils were 
the only implements for writing ; yet a creditable degree 
of skill was acquired, and in ciplieriug the rule of three' 
and practice were performed with accuracy. With the 
very young especially, his manner was particularly 
pleasant and facetious. He would aslv them the names of 
dill'erent parts of the body, make them spell the words, 
and tell their uses. Taking a child's hand, he would say, 
"What is this? spell it " Then slapping it, he would say, 
"What do I do? spell that." So with the ear and the act 
of i)ulling it; and in like manner with other things. He 
found it necessary to adopt a more strict discipline with 
them as they grew bigger, and might have become turbu- 
lent, but be invariably preserved the attachment of all. 
In this way some hundreds of persons have been indebted 
to him for all the schooling they ever had, and which has 
enabled many of them to fill useful and creditable stations 
in life, who might otherwise, owing to the temptations at- 
tendant on poverty and ignorance, have become burdens 
on society, or swelled the calender of crime." 

As his little room began to fill. Pounds felt the neces- 
sity of making some selection in the candidates for 
admission, and thought it right to i)ick out those who 
seemed to stand most in need of discipline, and who ran 
the greatest risk of going to the bad without it. He al- 
ways preferred to take in hand what he called the "little 
blackguards," and prided himself on taming the unruly 
spirits, and turning them out respectable, orderly, well- 
behaved members of juvenile society. His tender, compas- 
sionate heart was moved with pity forthe multitudeof poor, 
ragged children who were left to so to ruin in the streets; 
and of these the worst class were those whom he found it 
no easy matter to bring to his school. The thov.ght of 
their destitution, ignorance, evil tendencies and associa- 
tions would not let him rest till he had tried his hand 
with them; and when they would not come to him, he 
went to them; when he could not gather any of the black 
sheep into his fold any other way, he won them by art. 
He .sought them out in the streets, tried to excite their 
interest by talking with them and telling them stories, 



♦'3^ 



^^. 






^ti: 



^) 160 



CT TJ "V^ E IsT I L E insrSTI^TJOTOI?. 



and was often to be seen running after some ragged boy 
holding a fine roasted potatoe under his nose, to try and 
tempt him to go witli liim. He Ijnew how irksome and 
disagreeable restraint and discipline must be to those wild 
Arabs of the pavement; how diflicult it is for them to 
settle down to learning lessons, and to keep out of mis- 
chief. So he took care when once he had got them in his 
booth to make the lessons as amusing and entertaining as 
possible, showed them his tame birds, of which he had 
a collection, and on which he had tirst exercised his 
powers of tuition, and tried to keep them from a relapse 
into evil ways and bad company, by exhibiting not only 
the profit, but the pleasure of self-improvement and good 
behaviour. And in this simple, earnest, devoted way he 
reclaimed many hundred ragged little outcasts, and gave 
them a good start in life with a very fair elementary edu- 
cation; and, what was of more moment, sound moral and 
religious training. 

(To be continued.) 



THE] 



ooi-iTjnyiiisr. 



Resolutions adopted I)ij the Slh ]V(ud Department of the 
Ladies Co-operative Retrenchment Association, Salt 
Lake City, Organized July 12th, 1870. 

Resolved: That we, the daughters of Zion, in conform- 
ity with the wish of our beloved President, (Brigham 
Young), and realizing it is our duty as daughters of Elders 
in Israel, do most truly and sincerely sustain and enter 
into the Co-operative Association, that the ladies of the 
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints formed, and 
we are determined by the help of (he Almighty to so order 
bur lives that we shall be worthy of the name we bear, 
and we do unitedly pledge ourselves to uphold and sustain 
the Sisterhood in doing good. 

Resolved: That inasmucli as we have come out from the 
world that we may become a light thereto, we will show 
by our daily walk and conversation, also by our dress that 
we are that light. We will dress in a becoming manner. 
We will not follow after the fashions of the wicked world, 
but will endeavor to attire ourselves as becometh Saints of 
God, and as much as possible in the workmanship of our 
own hands, and will exercise our united inttuencein mak- 
ing them fashionable. 

Resolved: That inasmuch as order is the first law of 
heaven, we will endeavor to learn the law by making our- 
.selves aciiuainted with the priiici|)lesof life and salvation. 
We will studj' the Bilile, Book of ^lormon. Doctrine and 
Covenants, and all works i)ertaining to our holy religion. 
We will not speak lightly of the sacred ordinances of the 
house of (}od or ridicule our brethren and sisters, but will 
sustain them with our faith and prayers when they speak 
to each other of the things pertaining to the Kingdom of 
God. 

Resolved: That we will not sjieak evil of anyone, but 
will bi; kind to all, especially the aged and iulirm, the 
widow and theorj)han. We will endeavor to become ac- 
((uainted with the laws of ^Nature, that wo may become 
strong, healthy and vigorous. We will also study all 
literature that will qualify us to become ornaments in the 
Kingdom of God, that we may merit the approbation of 
our brethren and sisters and of God. 

MI.S.S Cr.AK.v K. Roni.N.soN, President, 
Miss Ki.lk.v H. ISIcAllister. 
Miss Betiiut.a P.m.mkij, 
Mi.ss KsTiiEU ,1. l'"i,KTfiri:u, 
iNIiss Mary S. Lkavkk, 
Miss Ei-lkx Barnks, 

MlSfS MaKY !•". BitlNfJIIUR.ST, 

Miss Anna B. Stark, Seci-etiiry 



Councilors, 



S^s^ 







DVEOISTE^. 



Money borrowed is a foe 
Veiled in kindly seeming ; 

Money wasted is a friend 
Lost beyond redeeming. 

Hoarded it is like a guest 
Won with anxious seeking. 

Giving nothing for his board 
i^ave the care of keeping. 

Spent in good, it leaves a joy 
Twice its worth behind it ; 

And who thus has lost it here 
Shall hereafter find it. 



BJ^BY BOY. 



What shall we sing of you, baby boj? 
Somebody's hope and somebody's joy, 
Fair as the flowers beside you there, 
Catching the light in your curly hair. 

Cheeks so chubby and eyes so bright, 
Dimpled form in its slip of white, 
Rounded and polished in cherub style. 
What are you thinking of all the wliile? 

What will you do with the five pink toes, 
Grasped in the chubby hand so close? 
Are you wondering if nice, soft feet 
Are good for a dear little boy to eiil? 

Wise as a sago is the dmipled face. 

Arm outstretched with a speaker's grace, 

Elorpient picture of life and love. 

When did you drop from the sphere aViove? 

Rosy, rollicking baby boy, 
Somebody's hope and somebody's joy. 
Tempting morsel of human clay, 
Whose little treasure are you to-day? 



Bright is the joy of the girl or boy 
Who in earnest keej)s on trying; 

Some gr)od to do, though the years mo low 
And time on wings is Hying. 

Helping the weak, with a teniper meek 

Is a duly laid before us ; 
Avoid the wrong as we pass along 

For God is wat<:hing o'er us. 



vJXJ^;rEiTiXjB untstb^tjctok. 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVKIIY OTIIKU SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Sinffle Copy, per Annum f.i 00. 

iSingle Copy, for Six Monlhs 1 50. 

jf^ (Jrutn brfjiu^ht to tliJK City for thn .IirvKNiLK Insthcctok will be 
rt'ccived iit the olmx' of our piipLT— 1)r«khkt Nkws Buii.iunch. 



-t^^ 




