

S'CTQl- 




VOL. XV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1880. 



iNO. II. 



THE PET <.)F THE HOUSEHOLD. 



W 



HAT.'a thoughtful expression is upon the f.ce of the 




jiretty little si'' 
We know a little 
sirl, an only child, 
and the pet and ad- 
miration of a house- 
hold, whom this pic- 
ture might well serve 
to represent. 

Little Louie, as she 
is called, will sit alone 
for hours and amuse 
herself or ponder ui)- 
on something. One 
might almost fancy, 
to see her, that she 
were thinking of the 
long long past, and 
yet she is only six 
years old. True, siie 
had an existence pri- 
or to her mortal biith, 
as we all had, but for 
some wise purpose in 
the economy of our 
Heavenly Father the 
memory of that for- 
mer exi.stencc is hid- 
den from our niiiids. 
Is it possible tj];it 
little Louie, when in 
hertlioughtfidniiiods, 
sometimes ca t c li c s 
glim]>ses of that for- 
mer life? One might 
almost think so, to 
see her so absorbed 
in deep though t, 
scarcely noticing any- 
thing passing on a- 
bout her, and tbcii 
to see her face sud- 
dcTdy liglit up with 
beautiful smile, as 



1 in the picture ! 




if a very i)leasant scene in tie past had just occurred to her. 
I'ctsibly it is only her active childish imagination that fur- 
nishes her with food 
for thought and pre- 
sents to her mind pie- 
t u r e s , pleasing or 
otherwise, to contem- 
plate. 

Some people are 
more imaginative 
than others. Some, 
indeed, are too much 
so, or rather, they 
fa i 1 to make any 
practical use of their 
powers of imagina- 
tion. They will sit 
for hours indulging 
in listless'day-drcam- 
ing, quite oblivious 
to all thati is passing 
on about them, and, 
when aroused from 
their reveries, are 
scarcely able to tell 
a single thought 
which has occupieil 
their minds. There 
are others, Iiowever, 
such as the designer, 
the painter and the 
poet, who turn their 
[lowers of imagina- 
tion to practical ac- 
cdiiiit, and we have 
the result ii] tlic griiis 
of art which llicy 
originate. 

We trust tliat as 
little Louie grows 
oldrr and larg<'r she 
will iK'velop into a 
useful, lu-actical wo- 
man; that if slu 







98 



CTTJ^IEJ^ILE IJ^STI^XJGTOIR. 






dnlgcsheriuiaginationitwill be to some purpose, that the world 
may be benefited by her life. We hope also that t-he will live 
a pure lite, and cultivate an acquaintance with the Lord, that 
she may be able, in her solitary moment*, when her mind is 
jiiven to deep thought, to coniinnne with the Hdy Spirit. 
That is the true source of knowledge, and happiness too. 
Possessing tliat power, she may at any time find comfort and 
happiness whatever may be her siirrountliucs. Ir will be 
worth more to her than wealth. It is her jirivilege to have 
this power, and may she strive to obtain it. 



BOOK OF MORMOX SKKTCHES. 



HY .IAS. A. LITTLK. 



( Coiitiitiml.) 

AFTKI! Anialickiah had been made kini;- of the iianianitcs 
he began to stir tliem u|i in liatred towards the Nepliites, 
To acciinipli.<h this more fully, he sent orators among the 
Lauianites to speak against the Xephites, and thus inspire the 
people with feelings of .anger towards ihem. 

He succeeded in gathering a numerous army, the chief 
officers of whii-h he appointed from the /oramites, as they 
were aci|uaintcd with the Nephites, and with the condition of 
their cities and their places of resort. 

AVhile Amaliekiah and the Lamanitcs wcie preparing for 
war, ^loroni and his people were making ready for self-defense. 
Moroni seems to have been especially raised up, by a kind 
proviclence, to lead the Xephites during this trying jicriod of 
their history. A successful strategist, fertile in resource, and 
with groat executive ability, his plans seldom failed to accom- 
plish tlie desired elTect, In tlie proceeding war lie had suc- 
ceeded in defeating the superior numbers of Lamanite.s by the 
use of defensive armor. lie now made a .still greater change 
in their .'iysteni of warfare liy initialing a system of military 
cngincerin!-'. FortifyiuL' was )icculiarly adaiiteil to the defens- 
ive policy of the Xephites. Karth works and stone walls were 
erected aroiuid their cities. Forts were constructed in fav(n'- 
able positions for obstructing tlie advance of an army, or as 
]ilacc.s of safety for tlie people in oniergencics, ami no means 
were neglected to save their lives and property. AVe have no 
account of the Nepliiles fortifying their cities for two hundred 
and twenty five years previous to this lime. Although they 
dill .-io in ihe land of Xephi, tliey evidently had neglected it 
in Zarahenila ])rcvioiis to ils inlroducliou by Jloroni. 

On ihe lentil d.iy of the eleventh month of the ninotecnih 
year of the rrii:n of ihe judges, ihe I,anianitcs were discovered 
niarchiiiL' towards ihc land of Ammoniliah. Aflor ils prcvi- 
iiii" deslriiction by ihcm it had been rebuilt and fnrliliid. 
When lliey found an entrenched army rcaily to defend ihc 
p'ace which, in a jirevioiw inva.sion, they had ea.sily destroyed, 
I hey ai>pear to have been even more astonished than when, 
for llie tir^t time, they foiiml llie Xephites wearing defensive 
amiiir. Ilavini; ihcmselves piil on defensive armor, ihey had 
aeniii relied upim ihcir siipcrinr numbers for an easy coni|Uesl. 

Amaliekiah, probably ihinking thai liis autlmrily ncodo.l In 
be mi>rc ihoniuuhly established at liome. did not lead his forces 
in thi.s inva.-ion. and his generals did not deem it wi.s<loni to 
attack llie fi.rlificil positions nf the Xejdiite.s. Ho|)ing to find 
a lictler placr I" alla<'k ihe Xe|diiles, they retrealeil into the 
wiMi'rness and marched towards the city of Xoah. They 
Ihipeil In finil thi~ pkwe ai weak as it hail been })efore; but 
they were at'ain disappoinled, a- it had been fortified even 




stronger than Amiiionihah. Lehi, who fought the I.amanitcs 
on the east side of the river Sidoii, during the previous war, 
was in command of this strong place. The Lamanites dreaded 
the courage and ability of Lehi, but, as their officers had 
sworn to attack this place, they brought up their forces and 
re|icatedly attacked the jilaee of entrance, but were r.s often 
driven back with great slaughter. They attempted to dig 
down the embankment of earth to make a pass for tlie army, 
but were .swept off by the stones and arrows of the Xephites, 
and the ditch was partly filled ujiwith their dead and wounded. 
In these attempts their chief officers and more than a thousand 
men were killeil. ] )isai)pointed and di.scouraged, they retreated 
to the land of Xe[dii, and reported to Amaliekiah their great 
loss. 

This closed the nineteenth year of the reign of the judges — 
7.;, B. C. With all the appearances of peace, Moroni did not 
cca.se making preparations for war. The army was employed 
in fortifying cities with ridges of earth, strengthened with 
timber, breastworks, pickets, and towers for the jirotection of 
trooiis, and from wjiich to throw stones, arrows, etc., to 
advantage. 3Ioioni sent his armies and drove out the Laman- 
ites who occuiiied a .section of country east of the land of 
Zarahenila, and thus shortened the frontier between the 
Xephites and their enemies. This made the boundary line 
between the two peoples straight from the east to the west 
sea. The country the Lamanites were forced to vacate was 
.settled by the Xephites. Their armies immediately occupied 
it and erected fortifications for its defense. It is very uncertain 
Avhere this line of frontier terminated on the Atlantic and 
J'acific coasts. Hut a chain of hills terminating near the 
southern .shore of lake Myracabo mighf have been a jiart of 
this rather indefinite boiindry line. It iirobably emssed near 
the head of the Magdalena- — the ancient Sidmi — in nearly a 
direct line lo the Pacific coast. 

It was the settled policy of the Xejihites to imt allow the 
Iianianitcs to get a hold in the country north of them, as it 
Would increase th(Mr frontiers and greatly lessen their ability 
for self-defen.se. 1'hcir enemies, on the other hand, made it a 
special object, in all their invasions of the country of the 
Xephites, to extend their conquests along one of tliesca-shorcs 
and get po.^session of the north country. Xeitlier of these 
lieoples, up to this time, appear to have utili/.ed the sea fm- 
Commercial or military purposes. 

The Xephites during the Iwenlieth year of the reign nf the 
judges built the city of Moroni, in the extreme south-eastern 
corner of the land of Zarahenila. They also built .several 
other cities in the eastern and north-eastern iiorlions of the 
couiilry. At this lime great energy was displayed by the 
Xephiles in builcling and fortifying cities, in inijiroving the 
frontier, and in general preiiaralions for ilcfcnse. It was a 
season of great ju'osperity during the ihrcc cnVnini.'' year.«. 

In the beginning of the year lis, 15. ('., a dilliculty arose 
I etween the people of the land of Lehi ami of .Morianton. 
The inhabitanl.s of the latter province unjustly claimed a por- 
tion of the lands of the former. The cnntention became warm 
and the jicople of Morianton armed lliemsclves to enliirce 
their claims, but the people of the land of Lehi tleil (n Ibc 
camp of Moroni. \\ hen the people of Moiianton learned 
this they feared the army of .Mipinni, and being |icrsiiade 1 
by their leader, Morianton, ihey devised a plan for fleeing intn 
the norlli couiilry. 'J"heir plans were revealed by a maid 
.>iervanl nf Morianlon, whom he abused while in a fit of passion, 
and vU<i fled lo Mnroni. If they siicceerled in escaping, future 
lesiills niiglil be very serious to the people of Xeplii. To cut 




g^ 



CTTJ'V^En^ini.E IISrSTI?.TJGTOI^. 




off an.v chaiioe for future complications, Moroni sent an army 
to head them. This was not accomplished until they had 
reached the narrow part of the isthmus, near the line between 
the lands Bountiful and Desolation. This Xephite army was 
commanded by Teancum, a general who performed a very 
important part in the campaigns of Moroni. He was obliged 
to fight the people of 3Iorianton. Their leader was slain and 
the peoiile were taken prisoners to the camp of Jloroni. 
They covenanted to keep the peace, and were restored to their 
land.s. 

( To he Cuntiinifd. ) 



% 



raui*Ij> 



ixi 




BY WILLIAM FOTIIERINTiHA.M. 



( Continnrd. ) 
EFOllE leaving Allahabad we paid Mes.srs. Collis and 
Booth a visit at their plantations, on the east side of the 
(Ganges. Y»'lieu we arrived at Koorsun, the residence of Mr. 



B 




introduced us to his hou.sc- 
children and t.wo other 



Collis, he received us kimlly an 

lidld, which was composed of .-^eveii 

parties. A\^e tarried here tlirec days and \ isitcd tlie indigo 

lields and factory. .Mr. Collis explained to us the methoil 

of cultivating and nuinufacturing indigo, wliich was described 

in a former chapter. 

In the evening we interested .Mi-. Collis and his liousehold 
in relating our experience and travels, and also treated updii 
the introduclion of the gosjiel, wilh its Cuhuc ellects upon 
the chililicn of men lor weal or woe. 

Mr. Collis aceonipani(Ml us In the plnnlaliun uf Mr. HikjIIi, 
situated about two miles distant. We remained two days wilh 
liini, after which tlie two gentlemen acconii)ai]ied us to Alla- 
Iiabad. We sold tluMn our standard Works to the amount (jI' 
fifteen rupees. 'I'hey also gave us twenty rupees to help us on 
our journey to Calc'utta. We arranged with the post nnister 
of Allahabad for our pa.ssagc to Jlenares. lie was very aceom- 






modating, and stated the hour for us to be at the depot when 
he would see that we had a wagon for ourselves. Jlr. Collis' 
servants took our luggage to the post office, and his ''gharrie" 
was furnished to take us. 

On the 21st of February, ]8.54, we left Allahabad, crossing 
the Ganges on the bridge of boats, and continued our journey 
to Benares, which we accomplished within two days and nights. 
On our journey we met a herd of elephants. One of them 
had a young calf, which was very siiortive, and an odd-looking 
creature. 

AYhen leaving Allahabad we learned that a steamer was at 
jNIirzii^ore. ^Ve were desirous of reaching Benares as soon as 
the steamer and procure a passage on her to Calcutta. We 
were getting tired of the fatiguing and monotonous mode of 
traveling by bullock wagon, and a change would be as good as 
a rest to us. However, the steamer liad just passed Benares 
a short time before we arrived. We would have tarried a few 
days, until the arrival of another steaujcr, but we could not 
obtain a shelter without renting a bungalow for a month. AYe 
had no letter of introduction to anyone, and firiled to obtain 
a place to stop. The Anglo-Indians of Benares, or Secrole, 
were of that class who had no sympathy for our cause. We 
concluded to go to Calcutta in a bullock wagon, and procured our 
passage for thirty-one rupees. We remained a day in the city 
waiting for the wagons, and spent our time in visiting the 
principal places of interest in this ancient city, which I have 
described in a former chapter. We arrived at the ghat, a 
place of crossing the river, four miles from the depot, after 
dark. Three boats were used to take the wagons over. Not- 
withstanding the darkness of the night, we reached the ghat 
on the western shore of the river without any trouble. 

Before proceeding farther I will quote a portion of a revela- 
tion to which I desire to draw the attention of my readers. 
It was given to the Prophet Joseph Smith and six Elders, on 
on the 2L'nd and 23rd of September, 1832, and is found in 
section Ixxxiv. , 89th verse, of the Doctrine and Covenants. 
It reads as follows; 

"Whoso receiveth you receiveth nie, and the same will feed 
you, and clothe j'ou, and give you money. And he who feeds 
you, or clothes 3'ou, or gives 3-00 money, shall in no wise lose 
liis reward: and he that doeth not the.sc things is not my 
db^ciple; by this you may know my di.scii)los. He that 
receiveth you not, go awaj' from liim alone b.y yoursehxs, 
and cleanse your feet even with water, iiuro water, whether 
in heat or in cold, and bear testimony of it unto your 
Falher which is in heaven, aud return not again unto that 
man. And in whatsoever village or city ye enter, do likewise. 
Nevertheless, search diligently and spare not; and wo unto 
that house, or that village or city that rejocteth you, or your 
woi'ds, or your testinnmy concerning me. Wo, I say again, 
unto that house, or that village or city that rejccteth you, or 
your worils, or your tcsliniony of me; for I the Almighty, have 
laid my hands upon the nations, to scourge them for their 
wickedness; and jilagucs shall go forth, and they shall not be 
taken from the earth until I have completed my work which 
shall lie cut short in righteousness." 

,Mter we got the wagon ashore, Elder WoolK'y and f, accord- 
ing to the reiiuirenu'uts of the foregoing revelation, f'olt 
imprcs.sed to wash our I'cet against those of the north-west 
province who had rejected our testimony. It is very necessary 
for the Elders, before attending to this duty, to weigh the 
matter well, ft'oling satisfied thalthiy have searcluMl diligently 
and spared not, that they have done their duty towards the 
pco]ile, anil that the latter have uttei'ly rejec^ted their testimony 







lOO 



CTTJ^EI^TLE IITSTI?>TJOTOlE?.. 




I will insert a rmotation from my jminial of Feoniary 2f), 
LS')4: "Before leaving the river we attended to a duty wliit-h 
we felt to be obliiratin-y iii)on us, namely: to wash our feet 
against those who had rejeeted our testimony, and ))rcvented 
us from spreading the truth in these jirovinces. So. in the 
river Ganges, we washed our feetagainst them, as a testimony 
to the Father that our garments are clean of tluir lilood. 
And may they feel the Judgments of the Almighty until they 
know that the Lord rules, and that He has sent His servants 
to this land, and they have been rejected. " 

I will further state that in February, l-."ji], before leaving 
the country, Xatlianiel V. Jones, the president of the mission, 
an 1 I, in the Hoogly Kiver, washed our feet against India. 

All wlio are familiar with the history of that land from that 
date can see whether our Father has not sustained the labors 
of His servants. Three years after our departiue from India 
the Sepoy revolt broke out in Mecrut. It brought deva.station 
upon the peojile of the north-west (jrovincc: afterwards came 
cholera (plague), then famine, an 1 the sea heaving itself 
beyond it.s bounds. 

All .such occurrences prove the truth of this work, and arc 
living evidences of the divine missinn of .ln^i^;ih Siiiitli; and 
the end is not yet. 

( To hi' Cmitiinifil. ) 



a o o n I. u c K 



"rVKKY man 
Jj is an excel 




an is the architect of his own fortune." This 
llent thine to sai ; it is a goo 1 thing to believe, 
for when an individinl feels that upon himself depends his 
future, if he has ambition, courage and deternnnation, he 
works with a good will thit is sura to accimplish much ot' 
what he hoped and desired, and sometimes :ill. Rut that 
this result is invariable is not true ti* anyone who looks around 
him can readily di.'^cover. Kirnest, itidusfrious workers, with 
a single end and aiiu to reach, hone-t ami true in every 
circum>tanccs of life, sometimes fail utterly in fulfilling their 
dreams, and it is said of iheni simply, "they are not success- 
ful," while the wonder grows that they have not been rewarded 
for all ftf their efforts. 

The fact is incontrovertible that a-iil' f'r >m all work, ability, 
determii a'ion and iiigh-rca.hing a<pir.i'ions, there is such a 
thing as good luck, pure and unadulterated, outside aii<l 
lii'yonii everything else, which .eomctimes brings fame and 
fortune to those by whom they do not seem to have bef n 
deserved. The existence of this something, which often 
wi.rks an apparent injustice, called by sonje, providence, 
and by others, luck, is rrcogn'/.ed by everybody. 

"There is a divinity that shapes our ends, rough-hew ilnMii 
as we may. ' i< >iinply an expres>ion of this recocnitioii. 
]v\amples of the work of this influence are seen every day, 
and men are commendeil for .success which they have not 
carried, and which would have come to them, perhap"--. in 
some form, lia-l they sat still without putting forth a hand 
even to gra-p it, as it approa'-heil; while their ni'ichbor has 
t'lilcd an I .-trucglc'l, only to see the priz" flit by into the hands 
nl'another. This is a di.xcoiir.iginu view of the ea-ie, but it is 
well to face the truth be it ever so unpilatable. 

Much there m ly be in taking life ".it the flood," could that 
critical moufnt be recogni/.cil — if. as the piet say->, it comei to 
approai-h, and the waters roll away fi«rcvcr whlie they know 
it not. 

No gooil ant'cl whispers to them tliat now is the fortunate 
hour, this is the lucky chance, and they go on beating painfully 



against the dead wall of disappointment, or settle down to 
insane, passive endurance which lasts until life goes out forever. 
Of the two conditons the first is infinitely preferable both for 
the in livida il and t;h3 w irld. 

Considering these things, it is not much wonder that the 
question is often asked, of what use to struggle, if no end is 
to be subserved. There is an end, and a desirable one. Every 
human being is better and hajipier, for making the most of 
himself ill this world, even if it brings neither money nor fame. 
And we do not wish to be understood that all so-called success 
ill life is the result of good luck alone. Far from it. The 
culture that comes from hard study, the skill obtained by 
constant application, unwearying determination and industry, 
are generally sure to bring sume reward, while good luck with- 
out cft'oit rarely smiles upon humanity. It is safe, then, to try 
for the gnod things of life, while hoping that goOil luck may 
aild its gifts to vour efforts. — Sdi'ctnl. 



A l^IFFICULT QUESTION TO 
ANS^VJER. 



BY B. F. r., ,7R. 



AS is well known, children sometimes ask questions of adults 
tlitit arc, in and of themselves, difticiilt to answer, or the 
answer to which cannot easily be adapted to the capacity of 
the littli' questioner. 

I had lately returned fi-oui a mission, and was regarded by 
my youngest brother as an authoritj' on all doctrinal and 
scriptural matters. He was only six years old, and I was sur- 
piised on pcivciving that his little brain had been cogitating 
upon some very iuiportanl dnc-triiies of the gospel. I surmised 
that these cogitations were the result of the teachings he had 
received at Sunday school, on one hand, and of his propensity 
fur jilay on the other. 

("oiiiing into the room one Sunday, and addressing me, he 
a-ked very abiuptly, "Say. /.v it wickcil to ]ilay marbles uu 
Suiida\? ' 

"Yes. it is," I answe-cd. 

"\\'hy? Is it because it's the Lord's day'.'''' he asked. 

"Yes," said I. 

"]5ut some of the lioys .say it isn't the Lord's day," said he. 

"Yes," said I, "but tlu' Mible says it is the I.ord's day." 

I used this argiiiiiciil, thus worded, with the intention of 
removing all doubts from his mind upon the question at issue, 
and also with a view to increasing his resiiect for the teachings 
of the I'lible, by referring' to them as if they were a most con- 
clusive authority, for I did not suppo.sc that he would qU(^stioii 
lliiiii wIhij he saw tbat I did nut. 

lie pauxd. lookeil down at the carpet for some moments 
witli an air (^f i)rofoiiiid thonghtfuhi(!ss, as if he were trying 
to resolve some great doubt that had ari.'^cn in his mind. At 
IciiL'th he lookcil up, and. with an air of such ikmnire sincerity 
a~ made nic Miiilc, he a>ked: "Well, is everylliiiig in the 
Kiblc trui;'.' ' 

.My mollier sinilcil, .■iml my father said, ".Vow, answer that 
ijiicstioii if you can, " while 1 was for the moment noniilu.ssed. 
It seemeil to me that in all my missionary experience I was 
never askeil so hard a question. Had an adult asked it, t 
mi'.dil have given an answer which would have explained (o 
my (|iiestioM(r the views of the Latter-day Saints upon llic 
Mibjcct, but 1 was at a loss how to answer this little box. At 
length I said: "Kverytiiing in the Hible that ha,s not been juit 
there bv wicked men is true." 



"I, 



-^'/"jrr 



."£. 






^i 



CTTJ'^rEin^ILE IISrSTI?.TJGTOI?.. lOl 




On further reflection I might have given a more explicit 
and a better answer than this. I might have explained that, 
while there are very few if any actual erroi's of doctrine in the 
Bible, many precious parts of it have been left out or changed 
in such a way as to obscure the meaning of its teachings and 
make its doctrines hard to be understood. 

My little brother walked off, seeming to be not fully satisfied 
with my answer, but evidently feeling himself unable to con- 
tinue the discussion. He was a veiy conscientious boy, and 
did not wish to break any of the laws of fiod, but he did n(.it 
want to be imposed upon by false doctrines, particularly if 
they interfered with his personal liberty, in other words, with 
his play. He, therefore, was anxious to settle the c|uestion in 
his mind, whether it was wrong or not to ))lay marbles on 
Sunda.y. 

Is everything in the Bible true? Ah. little six-year-old. you 
did not know that you were asking a question that has dis- 
tracted initold millions of minds in the various nations of 
Christendom, during the last two thousand years. You did 
not know that, in the endeavor to settle this question, and in 
its discussion, more time has been consumed, more eloquence 
expended, more anxiety of soul experienced and more precious 
blood spilled than has ever been devoted to any other theme 
or subject since the Bible existed. But such is the fact. 

Yes, children, it is wrong to play marbles and other games 
on the Sabbath day. This has been decided by authorities 
even more entitled to onr respect than the Bible: namely, the 
living oracles of God. speaking by the inspiration of the Holy 
Ghost, and the revelations of Jesus Christ, which have come 
direct through Jo.seph Smith, the seer, to us. 

The Bible also is true, where it is complete, correctly trans- 
lated, and has not been tampered with. It is the word of God. 
Modern revelation so refers to it: and I hope that as my little 
six-.year-olrl brother grows older he will cease to ques-t'.on its 
truth, and will ahvavs follow its teachinsrs. 



REFLECTIONS ON THE COM- 
MANDMENTS. 



THK SIXTH. 






"Tlioii ^hall Ti..t kill." 

''P^IIE first great connnand, "Be fruitful, and niultijily, and 
JL replenish the earth," is in direct condemnation of mur- 
der; and as the existence and preservation of human life, to 
which all else is sulj.servient, is the first and most grand result 
attainable, the action that causes the destruction of life must 
be the greatest crime which luunaii beings can conimit. 

Although the )icnalties for breaking many of the coininand- 
ments of the Jlosaic code are too harsh and severe to bo 
enforced at the present day, the death penalty for this crinic 
is generally practiced by the nations of the earth. 

The abolishment of cai)ital iiunishnienf has met the consider- 
atiiin of many minds, and in some countries is mitigated 
til imprisoiiiiH'nt for life; but the voice of nature seems toby in 
accord with the in.struction given to Noah: that "Whoso 
sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be .shed." 

In the execution of this penalty the words "A'^engeancc is 
mine; I will repay, .«aith the Lord," comes vividly befiire our 
niind.s. Who are .so pure as to executes this jicnalty ujion their 
jcllow without incurring a stigma or .stain? David, so wonder- 



fully favored of the Lord, was not permitted to build a temple 
I unto the ]Most High, on account of the blood he had shed. 

The act of Phinehas in taking the lives of Zimri and Cozbi, 
on account of their wickedness (Numbers, 2.Jth chapter) was 
rewarded with the approbation of the Almighty, and the con- 
firmation of the priesthood ujion him and his posterity; but 
such cases are rare. "He that kills .shall not have forgiveness 
in this world nor in the world to come" (Doctrine and Cov- 
enants, page IT I. The enormity of this most heinous crime 
and the awful res|)onsibility incurred in shedding human blood 
are jiowerfully portrayed in reading with what terrible com- 
punction of soul Nephi killed Laban, even after Laban had 
attempted to murder him. 

The laws of our Territory define murder as the unlawful 
killing of a human being with malice aforethought, and affix 
the death penalty to the commission of the crime. At the 
same time, they class the killing of a murderous' assailant 
under the name of justifiable homicide, but imply that the 
assailed must only resort to this in case of dire necessity. 

Self-murder, or suicide, is a phase of this crime, which to 
contemplate fills the mind with horror and blank despair as to 
the future of that spirit so ignobly and cowardly driven from 
its tenement of clay — the body; and were it ])ossible for 
annihilation to exist, it would perform a kind act by burying 
in oblivion such a detestable deed. 

The wanton slaughter of the animal creation calls for our 
attention. Yet to consider it under the title of this chapter 
may be without connection in the minds of some; but we read 
in Genesis, ix. , 5, "And surely your blood of your lives will I 
require; at the hand of every beast will I require it, and at the 
hands of man." In defense of the brutes let us say "it is a 
poor rule that will not work both ways." 

The Lord tells us in the Word of Wisdom, when alluding 
to wild animals, that "these hath God made for the use of 
man only in times of famine and e.x^eess of hunger." The 
fact of the Lord giving this revelation should be proof to us 
that His care is over all His creatures, and we should be 
impressed with the sin of wantonly destroying the life of even 
dumb animals. 

To further show the weight of the responsibility attached 
to the slaying of a human being, I will state that while reading 
these reflections from the manu.script one evening lately, to a 
friend, there happened to be a stranger present. My attention 
being given to the reading, I did not notice the great interest 
taken by the stranger, but at the conclusion he asked several 
((uestions regarding the subject tieated upon, and betrayed 
great emotion. After further conversation the stranger 
admitted that in California, about the year JS(jl), he had slain 
a man, justifiably, in self-defense. But justifiable as was the 
act, even in his own opinion and that of the law, as he was 
acquitted of all criminal intent by a grand jury, yet there was 
a shade of remorse and sorrow, and sometimes doubt pervading 
his mind that rendered his life unliaiipy. 



The iieople of the East measure time by the length of their 
shadow. Hence, if you ask a man what o'clock it is, he 
immediately goes into the .sun, stands erect, then looking where 
his shadow terminates, he measures its length with his feet, 
and tells you nearly the time. Thus the workmen earnestly 
desire the .shadow which indicates the time for leaving their 
work. A person wishing to leave his toil says, "How long my 
.--hadow is in coming!" "Why did you not come sooner?" 
"Because I waited for my shadow." In Job vii. we find it 
written, "As a .servant earnestly Uesireth his shadow." 







J"TJ"VE]n^IIljE liN'S'PI^TJGTOS.. 




^Iie ilurrnilf |(nstrtti:toi-* 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, - 


. . - . 


- EDITOR. 


SALT lakp: city, 


MAY 1, 


1880. 



E!DITOI?.I^^Xj thotjghits. 





T tlie last meeting of the Peseiet S\nul;iy 
School I'liion it was stated that, in one 
of the Sunday schools of this city, a 
class of young men, numheiing upwards 
■>¥i-^JL_ifc\i^^ of twenty, had formed a resolution to 
nS'^j^^ *^^y^^ strive unitedly to ohserve the "Word of 
Wisdom," that so far they had hcen 
i|uite successful in doing so, and that their 
influence was felt for good throughout the 
school. Special nu'ntion was made of 
larticular case by one of the speakers, as 
1 recently come under his observation; hut 
not a solitary instance by any means. ^\'(• 
of Warils in which it is the ])r()ud boast 
le Bishop that there is scarcely a boy or 
"■"*< ''''■ ■'•'"••'- —'*"• 'f "".''' ''t all, who uses tobacco or spirit- 
X^ ■> jC nous liquors, or who indulges in that generally accom- 
panying vice — profanity. But such cases are lare, 
*** and the worthy exani|)le set by the Sunday school 
cla.ss referred to, .should be more universally followed by the 
young men and boys of our cominunity in their organizations 
as niiorums of the lu-icsthood, ^Futual Ini])i\)veiueut .Vssoci- 
ations or Sunday .school cla.-;scs. 

The advantage of making a condjined effort to accomplish 
any reform over individual exertion, indeiicndcnt of any 
organization, is very great. Tn one case each individual is 
aided in canying out his good re.<olutions by the .<ymi)athy 
and support of his fellows, and tlie task is C(im]iaratively easy. 
Whatever trials he may have, whatever temptations nuiy 
assail him, he knows that he is not alone in his struggles to 
overcome them. He knows that otlicrs of his fellows liave 
the ."ame things to contend with, and arc striving in like 
manner for the .same object. ( )n the other hand, the individual 
reformer has tlie same ob.-itaclcs to overcome, unaided liy the 
.•iynipathy of comj^anions, and fre(|ucntly has to strui'gle in 
tlic face of their opposition ami ridicule. 

It was suggested at one of the Sunday Scaool I'liion inccI- 
ings, a short time since, that a valuable jiremium be ofl'crcil to 
any school, the members of which would ob-erve strictly the 
Word of Wi<d(jm for one year. It is r|uile likely that a lonn- 
ber of Sunday s<'hools will make an cfTorl to compete for tin- 
prize, and possibly some nuiy succeed. ]?ut whether it is 
]iijssib'c, just at jiresent, for the nuunbersof a school tobesulTi- 
cieiitly unite 1 toab.-tainasa whole from the use of all those things 
condemned in the Word of Wisdom, (pr not, there is no reason 
why all ."^urnlav m-IiooI teachers and .-^diolars slioidd not strive 
to attain to that ipcrfeclion. The gospel furnishes us all with 
a perfect rule for our guicjance in every action of life, and if 
wc ac-cept the gospel as our rule of faith we cannot be consist- 
ent witli our prorcs>ion unless wc observe all that it enjoins. 
The observance of the Word of Wi.sdom is not all that the 
gospel enjoin-: it is but a part. It should rcipiint no special, 
.«-parate covenant on the part of Latter-day Saints to enable 
or induce them to ol»erve it: it is incumbent on even.- one who 
has entered into covenant with (Jod to .serve Ilim ami keep 



His commandments, tu do so. We need not join ourselves to 
or attiliate with any temperance association of the world origin- 
ated by man. We have a higher and more perfect law than 
man can originate for our guidance. The Church of Jesus 
Christ of Latter-day Saints should present to the world the 
grandest and most successful temperance association in exist- 
ence. Abstaining from drinking spirituous liquors is only one 
of their aims. They should have many more, equally es.sen- 
tial, that the temperance associations of the world do not have. 
The various quorum organizations, the Sunday schools and 
3Iutual Improvement Associations should all be levers for the 
]iromotion of good among us, and we trust that through their 
salutary influence a public sentiment will ere long be developed 
that will make it unpopular for young people of our community 
to be guilty of any of the practices which the gospel iirohibits. 
^Vlien this shall be accom]ilished, the chief <lithculty will be 
overcome. Young people do not fall into any of the evil 
jiractices that prevail among us so much because of an inherent 
taste or desire for such things, as because they think it iwpular 
to do so, or because they expect to gain the admiration or 
approval of their fellows by doing so. Make it unpopular for 
a person to drink, or smoke, or chew, or swear, or do any 
other evil thing, and the people will, as a rule, soon cease such 
juactices. To establish a public sentiment of this kind is an 
object which shoidd be labored for in every organi'/ation in the 
Church. 



HOAV RAISINS ARE PREPAREn. 



VSTJIIP of land bordering on the .MediterraTiCiiM. some- 
what less than one hundivd miles in lemrth, and in width 
not exceeding five or six, is the raisin-producing territory of 
Sjiain. Beyond these boundaries the ^[uscatel grajie, from 
wlii(-li the raisin is principally produced, may grow and thrive 
abundantly, but the fruit must go to the nuirket or to the wine 
Iiress. When" the grapes begin to ripen in Augu^(. the farmer 
carefully inspects the fruit as it lies on the warm. dr\ soil, and 
one by one clips the clusters as they reach pci-fcciion. In 
almost all vineyards .-ilants of masoni-y are prc|i:ncd, looking 
like unglazed hot beds, and covered with fine [icbblcs, <iii which 
ihe fruit is exi)0>ed to dry. But the small iiroprlctor prefers 
not to carry the grapes so far. It is better, he thinks, to 
deposit them nearer at hand, where there is less danger of 
bruising, and where bees and wtisps arc le.-<s likely to find them. 
Hay by day the cut branches are examined and turned, till 
they are sulhi-iently cured to be borne to the house, usually on 
the hill top, and there deposited in the empty wine prc,--s, till 
enough have been collrclcd for tin- tiimnnrs and ia(-kei-s to 
begin their work. 

At this s'age great rules of roujih drii-1 ra-ins are brotlght 
forth from the wine press ai.d heaped upon board*. One by 
one the bunches are carefully in-^pected, those of the first 
quality being triintiied of all irregularities and inijierfect 
berries and deposited in piles by them>-elve-; so in turn are 
treated tho=e of the second qualify, while the clippings and 
inferior fruit are received into ba-kets at the feet of the 
trimmers and reserved for home consumption. .\ i|uanity of 
i-mall wooden trays are now broueht forward. iu>t the size 
of a common rasin box and about an imdi deep. In thc.>;e 
papers are n»atlv laiil so as to lap over and civer the r.-iiMiis 
evenly deposited in tray.'^, which arc then subject to heavy 
presi-ure in a rude press. After pres.sinir, the raisins arc 
dropped into the boxes for market. — Si-t'fu'i/ir Anuricdn. 





CTTJ'^EinN'ILE in^STI?.TJCTOI^, 



103 




^Iia^ter ^01; tlie Iflffle ^m§. 



GREAT MEX. 




GEORGE WASniNGrO.X. 




George Washixgtox was a great and 
good man. It is more than eighty 
years since he died, but his name and 
fame will live forever. 

He was not thought great merely 
because he was 



wealthy. He had 
wealth, but he 
was not vain over 
it, as some mei;^ 
are. His good- 
ness and his wis- A 
dom made him 
C'reat. 

Xo man can be 
tndi/ great unless 
he is a'ood. 

When George Washington was a little 
boy his parents taught liiui to be tmthful 
and honest, and to fear God. He lo\ed 
his parents, and obeyed them, and this is 
one reason for his greatness. 

He had another (juality whicli added to 
his greatness, that, some men in high i)Osi- 
tions do not ^ 

have. He con- ^' ^'^^^wJl 

sidered that all 
men had rights 
Avhich should ^ 
be resi)ccted. 
He did not like 
to sec ])Coplc 
oi)pressed l>y 
those wli'.) wei-e 

in ])0\\'('l'. WASIllMIKlX AS A (iEiNKHAL, 

Tins made iiiiii liglit liiaxcly for Ihc 
reedom and rights of Hie |)n)])|(' of 
America, when thc^y were oppressed b\' 
the English i;(j\-eriiment. I!e lieeauie llie 








-'^tM. 



mi 



leading general in the American anny. 
He fought bravely and showed great wis- 
dom, all through the war. AMien peace 
was secured, he became the tirst President 
of the United States. 

He had been loving, truthful and obedi- 
ent when he was a boy. He had been 
noble and brave when he was a general. 
Xow he was wise and just as a President, 
the leading man of the nation. 

He tried to give all men their rights. 
He respected the rights of the poor as 
much as those of the rich. He did all 
he could to make the nation happy, and 
the people loved him. "His care was so 
great tor the people that he has been called 
the ''Father of his Countrv." 







MOUNT 'SrRXON, THE HOME OF WASHINGTOX. 

One little incident will show his respect 
for people's rights. 

One day he and some of his officers 
went into the country and visited a friend. 
When they were leaving, to return home, 
one of the ofiticers hai)pencd to knock a 
stone from the wall in front of the house. 

The niiin did not otfer to I'eidaee the 
stone, and AVashington noticed it. He 
asked liiiii if lie was not going to do so, and 
the oflieer r^'plied that he would leave it 
for some one cdse to do. 

lie felt too proud t(» he seen putting a 
stone u])on a wall. Hut Washiugton 




a;^" 



r/ 



104 



J-U-^nKHN-ILE in^STI^TJOTOI^. 




picked the stone up and put it hack in its 
pkice. As he did so, he saick 

"I always make it a rule, in Aisitiug a 
place, to leave things in as good order as 
I tind them." 

It was a lesson to tlie officer, which he 
pn)liably never forgot. It is a lesson, 
too, that all boys should tlnnk of and 
profit by, who have ever damaged other 
l^eople's property for fun, or mischief, or 
want of though t. Boys wlio lift neighbors' 
jxates off the hinges, break windows, or 
take other liberties with their property 
for fun, or because they are not seen, are 
not respectinir the riirhts of others as thev 
should. They are not doing as they 
would wish to be done l>y. 

If they follow such a course through life 
thev will never be trulv great. Thev will 
never be Inuioiod and i-emembered lor 
their good deeds and noble qualities, as 
George AVashineton is. 



I^iograyhii. 



IP K. O I^ IT E T . 



THE 



k 



I ' 'ijiiliiiiii'i!. ) 

IN CaitliiiL'e tlure was a comi)an.v, foniied nf ihe citi/.Liis of 
tlie i)lacc, which was eallud the Carthage Greys. Tliis 
coiiiiiany w;vs a jiart of the uiihtia callcJ out hy GovLinor 
I'Vril, and its mcnibci-s were the most bitter and vindietive in 
their exjircssions and conduct, against Josepli and the iicople 
of Nauvoo, iif all who were with tlie trovernor. They took i;o 
IKiin- to ooiiceal the hatred and hluoil-thirsty fcelinirs which 
they ciilcrtained. After .Jn^epli and Ilyriiin and |)r. Jtichards 
had f.'1'ne to (Jenerai I)eniing'.s <|uarters a eoiui)any of tliesc 
men flocked around the dooii*, and conducted themselves in 
1 nio.-t viiilcnt manner. Tlie povernor wa.s informed of their 
onilnct, but he took no iiDtice of it. In tlic' meantime he 
liad onlered the troops fmm .AJcDnn.oijrh County to be drawn 
Mji in line for .Joseph anil Ilyrurn to |iass in front, the troops 
havinir rcc|Ucstcd tliat the prisoners uiight be sliown (o them. 
\Vhen the iri'vernor came to inform them of this arrangement 
•Joseph had al".ut ten minutes' conversation with him, when 
he again jilcdu'cd llje faith of the .""'tate that he and his friends 
should be protected from violence. 

From General J)eming'.s f|uartei-s .loseiih and Hyrnm went 
in fnint of the lines, in a hollow s<|nare of a company of Car- 
thage (ireys. In passing before the troojis, .Joseph was on 



the right of General Demiug and H.yrum ou his left. El lers 
Richards, Taylor and Phelps followed. The governor walked 
in front on the left. As they passed along the lines Ford 
introduced Joseph and Hvrum about twenty times to the 
troops as General Joseph Smith and General Hyrum Smith. 
This was no more than proper, as they both bore the title of 
General, that being the rank of each in the Nauvoo Legion. 
But giving them this honor made the Carthage Greys angryj 
and they refused to receive them by that introduction. Some 
of the officers threw up their hats, drew their swords, cursed 
and swore, aud said they would introduce themselves in a 
different style. Instead of taking prompt measures to check 
this violence, Ford mildly entreated them not to act so rudely; 
but at this they grew more excited. He succeeded, however, 
in pacifying them by making a speech, and promising them 
that they should have "/»H satisfaction. " 

After Joseph aud the party had returned to the hotel, news 
reached him that the Carthage Greys had revolted, and were 
put under guard by General Deming. Shortly afterwards the 
word came that quietness was apparently restored among 
them. News came also that the Warsaw troops were near 
Carthage, they having marched there without anj' orders. It 
was evident that the worst elements in the country were 
gathering together, and that they meant mischief These 
Warsaw men, as well as the Carthage men, were mobooi'ats of 
the worst description — men who only acted in the capacity of 
niilitia the better to veil their true designs, and to carry out 
their jilaus of destruction and murder against Joseph and the 
Saints. They were banded together and ])ledged to each other 
to kill .Joseph, Hyrum and other leaders of the Saints, and to 
drive the latter from their possessions and homes. 

On the afternoon of that day Governor Ford ordered Caji- 
talu Singleton with a company of men from jMcDonough 
County to march to Xauvoo to co-operate with the police in 
keeping the jieace, and if necessary to call out the legion. 
This was in response to a request of Joseph's, he having heard 
that a company of apostates were going to Nauvoo to plunder. 
A little later a number of the officers of the troops then in 
( 'arthagc, and other persons, curious to see the prophet, visited 
•Joseph in his room. .Joseph asked them if there was anything 
in his ajipearance that indicated that he was the desperate 
character his enemies reiiresented him to be; and ho requested 
them to give him their honest opinion on the subject. The 
answer was: 

"Xo, sir, your iiiipcm-iince w.nild indicate tlic very cimtrary, 
GcntTal Smith; but we cannot see what is in your heart, iieitlicr 
can wo tell wliat arc your intentions." 
To which Joseph rciilied; 

'A'ery true, gentlenion, you cnnnnt s?o wluit is in uiy licurt, 
and yiiu are IhereCore unut>le to jud^e nie or my intPiilions; but I 
can see what i.« in your liearts, and will tell you what I .«ee. I 
can SCO j-nu thirst for blood, and nothing but my blood will satisfy 
you. It is not for crime of any description that I and my broth- 
TKii are thus continually persecuted and harassed by our enemies, 
but there are other motives, and some of them I have expressed, 
i-o far as relates to myself; and inasmuch as you and the people 
Ihirst for blood, i prophesy, in the name of the Lord, that you 
shall witness scenes of blood and sorrow to your entire satisfaction. 
Your souls shall be jierfectly satiated with blood, and many of 
you who are now present shall have an opportunity to face the 
cannon's mouth from sources you think not of; and those people 
that desire this great evil upon mo and my brethren, shall bo 
filled with regret and sorrow becnuse of the scenes of desolation 
and distress that await them. ' They shall seek for peace, and 
shall not bo nble to find it. Gcntltfnien, you will find what I 
have (old you to be true." 

(To he Coilll'llllril.) 



'jr 




CTTj^mn^iLE i:n"sti^tjctoi?.. 



105 




SCIENCE AND LITERATURE 
AMONG THE NEPHITES. 



BY ri. R. 




THE Nephites were unusually liajipy in having, as the 
founders of their nation, men who were not only wise in 
the ways of tlie Lord, but also learned in the knowledge of the 
world. Most races that have made a mark in history, have 
had to grope their way for centuries from darkness to light, 
from ignorance to knowledge. Little by little such races have 
advanced in the path of civilization, falling into manifold 
errors, and committing grievous blunders. With Lehi and 
his posterity it was not so. They were taken from the midst 
of a people who were siurounded by the most powerful and 
refined nations of antiquitj', with whose wisdom and learning 
Lehi was undoubtedly well aocjuainted. We can readily con- 
ceive that the Lord, in planting this mighty and vigorous 
offshoot of the liouse of Joseph, on the richest and most 
favored land of all the world, would not only choose one of His 
most faithful, but also one of His most'intelligent .servants, to 
commence the work. Indeed, on the very first page of the 
Book of Mormon, Nephi incidentally refers to the learning of 
his father; which learning, we infer from many passages in 
the sacred record, was obtained by Lehi in Egyijt, as well as 
in Palestine, the associations between the inhabitants of these 
two countries being, in his day, verj' close, and the iuter-eom- 
munication verj' fiequent. 

As the basis of their literature, Lehi and his colony carried 
with them a copy of the sacred seriptuies, which contained 
not only an account of God's de'aliiigs with mankind, from the 
creation to the age of Jeremiah, but also the only complete histor}' 
in existence of the people who live 1 before (he deluge. 
The Egyptians, Chaldeans and other nations, had mangled, 
mythic and jumbled-up accounts of man's historj', from the 
creation to the flood; but the Nephites possessed the details 
of this epoch in much greater completeness than even 
Christendom does to-da.v. These scriptures — historical and 
doctrinal — being numerously reproduced and scattered amongst 
the people, formed the basis of Nephite literature, giving 
them the immense advantage over all other people, of posses.s- 
iug the uniioUuted word of God in every age then passed, 
supplemented bj' a correct and undis|)uted history of the 
results, to the world, of man's obedience or di.sobedience to 
these heaverdy messages. How iiiucli more complete tlie.'-e 
scriptures were than the Bible of Christendom, is shown by 
the numerous references to the lives, and quotations from the 
tcacliings of the ancient W(jrtl]ic.s — ^[elchizedek, Jacob, 
Joseph and others — to the acts and infamies of Cain, etc., not 
found in the Bible, as well as by lengthy ({notations from 
ancient projdiets, whose names — Zenos, Zenock, Ncum, Ezias 
— are not even mentioned in its pages. How much modirn 
Christianity has lost by these omissions, may be ])artially 
inferred from the beauty and grandeur of the extracts given 
ill the Book of Mormon, from the writings and pro|}hecies of 
Zenos alone. Take, as a single instance, his inspire 1 parable 
di' the wild and tame olive trees, given in the Book of Jacob; 
no iiKJi-e import: nt, no more sublime proiiliccy can be found 
in the whole contents of the lioly scriptures. 

The connection of Lehi with Kgyjit, wliicli language he 
appearsto have adoptx^l, doubtless gave him an cxiieiiinenlal 
knowledge of the conditinn of the whole civili/ed world in his 
day, wlieii the glories of Ciialdea had departed, and those of 



AssjTia and Egypt were passing away; when Babylon was at 
the zenith of its power, but when the growing strength of 
Persia and Greece was as yet scarcely felt. To this practical 
information, he, like Mo.«es, added an acquaintance with the 
learning of the Egyptians, a peopile wise above all other 
uninspired races in ihe numerous branches of science and art, 
in which they excelled. With this knowledge, combined with 
the infbnnation of immeasurable value contained on the sacred 
jilatcs, the foundation was laid for a stable civilization; guided 
by past revelation and present inspiration, to which was super- 
added the experiences of other nations, as beacon-lights to 
warn the Nephites of the dangers to which all communities 
are subject, and to guide them to havens of governmental and 
political safety. 

The Nephites, then, at the outset of their career, had at 
least all the Important historical and geographical knowledge 
possessed by the most favored nations of the eastern' hemis- 
phere, with as much more as it pleased Heaven to reveal. 
Tiiey had one advantage over the peoples they had left — they 
were well acquainted with them and their condition, etc., but 
of the Nephites, the dwellers in the old world knew nothing. 
With regard to the knowledge received through revelation, it 
is evident, from several incidental expressions scattered 
through the record, that the Lord did g\\e to His faithful 
servants information with regard to historical and geographical 
matters. We will cite one instance: Jacob, the brother of 
Nephi, in one of his impressive exhortations, while encourag- 
ing his brethren (often somewhat downcast on account of their 
lonely condition, so far from the rest of mankind), remarks: 
* "We have been led to a better land, for the Lord has made 
tlie sea our path, and we are upon an isle of the sea. But 
great are the promises of the Lord unto they wdio are ujion 
the i.sles of the sea; therefore as it says isles, there must needs 
be more than this, and they are inhabited also bj' our 
brethren." 

How could Jacob have known, except by revelation, that 
the vast continent wdiich the Nephites inhabited, was entirelj' 
surrounded by the waters of the great oceans? He and his 
companions had, but a few .short years before, first landed on 
its shores, and had now explored but a very small portion of 
its vast extent, and there were no others in communieation 
with them who could snjiply the information that North and 
South America were one immense island. Evidently the Lord 
had revealed this fact to them. And, b}' the way, this simi)le 
statement is a strong testimony of the divine authenticity of 
tlie Book of Mormon. At the time that this portion of the 
sacred plates was translated (A. I). 1,'<2T-S), or even when the 
whole book was publisheil and the Church of Jesus Christ was 
organized (A. J). IS.'.O), it was not known to modern science 
that the .Vmerican continent was indeed an island. Joseph 
Smith couM not have rcc-ei\c(l knowledge of this fact, so 
unhesitatingly alfirnied, from any learned geographer or prac- 
tical navigator. The hope of centuries, in Europe, h; d liccn 
to di.scovcr a north-west pa.ssagc to India, but to that date all 
atteni|)ts had met with disastrous failiu'e, so far as the chief 
oliject was concerned. Little or nothing was then known of 
the North American coast, west of Hudson's Bay. Itwas not, 
until alter repeated expeditions, that in May, 1S4T, the liiilh of 
the statement of Jacob could be atlirined, from actual knowledge 
of the geograi)hical fc^aturcs of the ccjuntry, as at that date, 
the explorations and surveys by lanil and sea, from east and 
west, were lirought sntlicicnlly near to leave the matter with- 



-Ituok uf .Miiriiion, iifw cditiun, jjogo S.l. 




ff^ 106 



TTJ^v^ZBIsriLIH] in^ST'E^TJOTOK.. 




out a doubt. It was not until 1S.')4~' that the first and only 
ship's crew (that of Captain 3IcChne), wliich ever sailed 
across the Arctic Ocean from the Pacific to the Atlantic, along 
the northern coast of America, returned from their jierilous 
voyage. We thus find that human geojirapliical knowledge 
could not have aided the pro])het Joseph Smith, in making 
this statement, had it originated with him and not with the 
sou of Lehi. 

While ancient Greek and other philosophers were groi)ing 
aiuiiiig the fallacies of the absurd svstcm of astronomy, given 
to the world by I'tolemy, and teaching that the sun with all 
the stars revolved around the earth, the Nephites were in 
possession of the true knowledge with regard to the heavenly 
bodies, etc. Possibly they were the only people of their age 
blessed with a comi>rehension of these sublime truth.s. It is 
altogether jn'obable, that among their scripjures were copies 
of the Book of Abraham, from which they could acipiaint 
theni.selves witii the beauties and harmonies of celestial 
mechanism. They undoubtedly had the writings of Jo.seiih 
(the son of Jacob) as these are (pioted in the Book of 3Ior- 
mon; and, as the jirophet Joseph Smith found the writings 
of Abraham and Joseph together in the Egyptian mummies, 
it is far from improbable that the Nephites, as well as tlic 
early Kgyptians, possessed botli. To show the astronomical 
knowledge possessed by the Nephites, we will draw attention 
to the words of two of their pro|diets. The first is from the 
reply of Alma, the younger, to Korihor, the Anti-Cbrist 
( B. C. T.J), when the latter asked for a sign to prove the 
existence of a God. His words are t "Thou hast had signs 
enough; will ye tcni)>t your (!od? Will ye say, Show unto me 
a sign, when ye have the testinu)ny of all these thy brethren, 
and also all the holy ])ropliets? The scrijitures arc laid before 
tliee, yea, and all things denote there is a God; yea, even the 
cartii, and all things that are upon the face of it, yea, and its 
motion; yea, and also all the jilanets which move in theii 
rcgidar form, dotji witness tliat there is a Supreme Creator." 
Tile next (piotation is from the reflections of one of the ser- 
vants of (iod (probably 3Iormon ) inserted in the Ncpliite 
history about .seventy years later. The writer is sjieaking of 
the greatness and goodness of God, and among other things 
dc .•lares: X 'Yea, by the jiower of liis voice doth the whole 
earth sliake; yea, by the power of his voice doth tlic loiinila- 
tioris rock, even to the very center; yea, and if he say unto 
the earth, move, it is moved; yea, if he say inito the eartli, 
thou shall go back, that it leigthen out the day i'or many 
liours it is done; and tlius aci-onling to his word, the earth 
goelli baik, and it appeareth unto man tli.it tlic sun slaiiiiclli 
still; yea, and behold, this is so; for sure it i.-- the earth that 
nioveth, and not the sun." i Thus we find that in these 
points, the astronomical knowledge of lln' Xi phites was, at 
least, einial to that of the moderns. 



MY NINTH SERMON. 



BV II. n. B. 



fe 



lV 



IIvi'ocRisv desires to .seem good ratlier than to be s-o. 
llonoty de-ires to be good rather than to seem so. The 
worldlings purchase reputation by the sale of de.*crl; wi.se 
men buy desert with the hazard of reputation. ^Ve .should 
do much to hear well, more to deserve well, and rilher lo.sc 
opinion than merit. 

*— On Oi li.lwr JiUh, 1S.V1, Ihi; [i;i.i9;ik<^ whs ili^i ovintl: .'lll<l in l.S.".l, Ca|ilaili 
MoChin-, of tlie Infrstiiinlor. n-rrivt^ \\%v gol'l iiibdal for llu* dLsciivi-ry, fruin 
tike lEoyal (ff>>i]j;rii|ilii(-iil ?>4H'Jc(y. 

t — n«i'-»k of Mormon, new e«lilion, |>ii«c ^.'21. 

; " '■ " " td;;. 

5 — Tin- cuiil'-tt :<)iou|(| Im* rca'l. 



^O 



SOON pftei' my second effort to preach the gospel, Elder 
Shelton sent me away sixty miles to Botetourt Co., Ya. , 
to respond to a call from John's Creek to preach and open a 
new field of labor. Why he sent me away alone, I never 
knew. But so it was, and I assure my readers it took all the 
faith in God that I could gather to my assistance, to enable me 
to take my valise and start afoot and alone, "without purse 
or scrip. ' ' 

This trip was a severe test of my faith, and without help 
from above I could not have undertaken such a task. My 
first day's travel ended by my staying over night with a kind- 
hearted infidel, after I had asked at five different places for 
lodging, and as often been refused. 

The infidel thought it very singular that the parson, the 
deacon, the class leader, and two prominent members of the 
church should have turned me away, while he, a sinner, had 
taken me in. I also shared in his surprise. And I might as 
well state in this connection that in my twenty years' experience 
as a mis.sionary since, I have ever found it so. The priests 
are our most biUer enemies, and next to them, their most 
religious members. And the favors extended to us have come 
from those that the priests call sinners. No wonder the 
Savior kept company with publicans and sinners. The 
religious portion of the people shunned and rejected Him. 

I reached my field of la'oor the second day, and commenced 
the work earnestly. I soon had all I could do, and was pleased 
to find that the Lord raised up friends to me, and was much 
encouraged to know that 1 .was al)le, through the Sjiirit of 
God, to do some good. 

I soon had the privilege of baptizing two persons. One 
was a scdiool teacher; the other had a college education, and 
was intended for a minister in the Methodist church. 

I sent an ap]Hiintment into Monroe Co., A' a., some twenty 
miles away from duhn's Creek. It was to be at the Methodist 
chapel, and as 1 was on my way to fill the appointment I 
heard the news of Joseph and Hyrum Smith's martyrdom at 
Carthage jail. I had heard many reports about Joseph that 
1 never believed, but this report brought with it a conviction 
of its truth. And it would be in vain lor me to detcribe the 
gloom and .-adness that rested uiion mc. I have always since 
rcmcmljcred it as one of the darkest, saddest hours of my lile. 

The time of my appointment had arrived — 1 1 o'clock, a. m. 
on the -Ird Sunday in July, )S14. The large chapel was full 
and not half of the peoi)le were able to get inside of the house. 
But I waste be disappointed. Two or three Methodist priests 
were iiresent, through whose iullucncc the ten or a dozen 
hireling jireachers that were tliere oicujiicd the time in 
abusing the ",\Iorniotis," and rejoicing in the niurdei' of the 
Jirophet and jiatriarch. 

But the congregation was not to bo disappointed. A Mr. 
Jyuna, with a dozen other men to help him, arranged .seats 
with slalis from a .--aw mill near by, in a shade within sight of 
the meeting house, and nolitieil the jieople that the ".^Il)rlllon" 
preacher would hold lortli in the shade there. The result 
was that the people all left the chapel and repaired to the 
shade, and all the jiriests followed, and while I talked to the 
a.ssemblage, eleven of the.se jiricst-s sat on one of the nearest 
scats in front of me. 

The Lord on this occa<ion blessed me with His Spirit in 
proportion to what I had to meet. I was able to bear a 
powerful testimony to the I »ivinc calling of Joseph Smith as 



Cn 




crTJ'\^:E]:DTii_.Ei uststz^tjotoie?. 



107 •^ 



[\i 



a prophet. At the dose of the meetiog those priests slunk 
away out of sight, and the people gathered around me by 
hundreds, all vieing with each other in offering n^e the 
hospitality of their homes. 



'AS HAPPY AS A KING." 



BY KOI.LO. 




HOW very often do we hear the above expres-ion ! If a 
friend or acquaintance exhibits a little more good 
nature than is usual, or is but little inclined to moroseness; if 
he throws around him the magnetism of his presence, and by 
his genial influence makes others smile with himself, he is 
said to be as "happy as a king." 

Like many more old saws, however, this one is sometimes 
at fault. Kings are not always so happy that an ordinary 
individual need be very joyous to equal them; in fact, history 
proves that the majority of the great rulers of the earth have 
not been and are not overburdened with joy. The care and 
responsibilities of their high positions generally more than 
suffice to make life exactly the opposite of happy. Any 
person, no matter whether he be king ov .street-sweeper, must 
have, in or^ier to be happy, a contented and evenly-halaneed 
mind. The head of a nation has much to do and think of 
and plan about that has a tendency to destroy the serenity 
necessary to reach the state mentioned above. 

It is unnecessary to go back a great many years to prove 
this; the frequent attempts to assassinate the crowned 
heads of Europe prove that the life of a king is no great 
pleasure. Every little while the telegraphic dispatches bring us 
news that one of the monarchs has been shot at, or poisoned, cr 
an attempt has been made to blow him up — and in a much 
more forcible manner than the one usually employed. 

The Czar of Russia is the latest sufferer from one of these 
methods of attack. An attempt was recently made to remove 
him from his present sphere of action by the use of explosives, 
placed under the dining room of the great Winter Palace at 
St. Petersburg. His Jife was only saved by him being a few 
moments tardy at dinner; had he entered the room at 
the usual time, he would have shared the fate of some 
of his servants who were present. Several attempts were 
made upon the life of the czar previous to this, but none so 
daring, nor so desperate; yet all were deeply planned. The 
result of these many attempts has been to make his life a 
thing .scarcely worth possessing, as he is in constant fear of 
death. He know.s not a minute, as he walks the floor, but 
that a mine may be exploded under his feet. Every meal 
eaten by him is only partaken of after the strictest examination 
for any trace of poison. Every dark corner may contain an 
enemy, with an assassin's knife, ready to plunge into his royal 
heart. A constant dread of any death but a natural one fills 
his soul with ansiety. The slightest unusual noi.se makes him 
tr'emble, and thoughts of death by poison, infernal machines 
and other violent means are with him nisht nnd day. Every 
person who enters the royal palace is .searched for hidden 
arms and other implements of death; and even his most 
trusted counselors are watched closely by him, as he does not 
know what moment they may be plotting his death. 

To illustr-ate the condition this suspense has brought him 
to, let us relate that one morning, not long ago, a trusted 
.servant entered the czar's room early, in order to light the 
tire. Seeing his r'oyal master asleep, the servant stepped lightly 
.so as not to awaken him. The czar awoke, and being unable 
distinguish the valet in the early morning light, ho took 



him for an assassin and fired, killing him almost instantly. 
On another occasion he ate a hearty dinner, and in a short 
time he was taken sick. Imagining he had been poisoned, 
he called for an emetic and threw up his dinner. It was after- 
wards decided that he had eaten a little too freely of mince 
pie and could not digest it. 

Where is the happiness in such a life? The poor man who 
earns his daily wage, eats his coarse food, and sleeps soundly 
is far happier than this imperial, haughty personage, eveti 
though the latter possesses aci'own and vast dominions. Who 
is there among my readers that would change places with the 
Czar of Russia, Alexander 11.? Not one, I am stire. 

To those of my readers who use the expression at the head 
of this article, I would say: 

"111 do you know the spectral forms that wait 
Cpon a king; care, with its furrowed brow." 



/©rresp^iiileiice. 



Paintsville, Johnson Co., Kr., 

April 1'.;), 1880. 
Elihr Gmrye C. Lrimfirrf, 

Dear Brother:— "With pleasure I embrace the- 
opportunity of informing you of' our welfare, a.5 it has been 
some time since I last wrote to you. 

-We are all well and feeling interested in our labors. Brother 
Bills and I have recently returned from West Virginia, where 
we have been laboring for the 'past six weeks. The people in 
that vicinity had never before enjoyed the privilege of hearing 
the voice of a Latter-day Saint Elder. 

We held a number of meetings in different localities, meeting 
with considerable opposition from hireling priests of various sects 
and creeds of religion, who are neither willing to go into the 
kingdom of God themselves nor let others do so. 

The same old Pharisee element exists among the people to-day 
that did when the Savior was traveling and preaching among 
the Jews. They are a sign-seeking generation. 

The people in this section of country are very poor, being 
destitute of the necessary comforts of Irfo; but the poor and the 
meek are the ones who will receive the gospel. The Lord has 
always chosen the poor to do His work. 

If there are any people who have cause to rejoice, they are the 
Latter-day Saints, who know that God has delivered them out 
of the hands of their enemies and has led them to a land where 
thej", through llis mercies, have obtained beautiful homes where 
the desert is beginning to blossom as the rose. The Saints in Zion 
should not forget to lend a helping hand to the poor who are 
longing for the day to arrive for them to gather to Zitm. 

Elder Bills and I have baptized ten souls, and have good 
prospects for more candidates soon. Our desire is to do all that lies 
in our power in spreading the truth, jnitting our trust in God, to 
whom we ascribe all the glorj\ 

Ever praying for the welfare of Zion, T remain, 

Your brother in tlie covenant of peace, 

S. BirTTERi-iKi.n. 

Buuk's Garue.x, Tazicwei.i. Co., \a., 

April 22, 188(1 
a,, ,,-•(■ ('. Liiiiihrrt, 

Peak Bkothkr: — I arrived hero in my field of labor 
till.' I'.ilh of March, and have since traveled with Elder Cowley. 
I have found many of my old friends, aquaintances and relatives, 
all of whom have received me kindly and treated me well. 

Since my arrival we have baptized thirteen persons, six of 
whom were my second cousins. 

I have enjoyed the best of health, and a good degree of the 
qiirit of my culling. With kind love, 1 remain. 

Your brother in the gospel, 

ir. G. Bovr.E 




*^:^'^ 108 



'■~\n 



J"TJ"VEn^inLEl II^TSTI^TJGTOI^ 



."o. 



cP] 



TtTi: SONGS OF ZION. 



AVoRDS AND Music by R. B. Baird. 



-J — • « i ^-t"* :j 5 — "« 1 H ——' '^ •• — ^-m 



bode ! Thev cause 



our hearts to 



1 1 ^ -I I W M 




Through all the trials of the past, 

Through troubles most severe, 
In hours of darkest misery 

Our songs have been our cheer. 
And still we'll join with gladsome voice 

To sing, in grateful songs, 
Tlie praises of our heavenly King, 

To whom all praise belongs. 



With wild delight, we'll strike each chord 

In ecstacy of joy; 
The love and faith which till our hearts 

Are pure, without alloj-; 
And, when the Lord shall come again, 

The children of His love 
Shall join in songs of lasting praise, 

To greet Him from above. 



AVe'U sing the songs we love so well. 

In honor to His name; 
Our voices and our tongues shall speak 

The glory of His fame; 
The mountains and the hills shall joi- 

"With echoe* loud and clear; 
We'll sing and shout for evermore 

The songs of Zion dear. 




KETURX OF SPRING. 



1!V WILLIA.M iLKUli. 



Thrice welcome season c*>me again, 
With sunshine warm, and genial rain, 
Disulving winter's throne of snow 
And bidding icebound waters How. 

The chilly king with Kri|) severe 
Must end his reign and disa]>pear, 
While spring once more the sceiitre wield* 
And clothes anew the smiling lield--. 

A» if in fiiith, yet half in doubt, 
See, vegetation now peeps out; 
A little gaining day by day. 
As still the frost resigns its sway. 

Now birds of beauty and of song 
JJevisit scenes vacated long; 
.\nd lovely flowers of every hue 
Again come troojjing into view. 

So, too, is life, with light? and shaib- 
It che'picri all, eacii heart previidc«; 
But clouds disperse, the tempest wanes, 
And joy once more the zenith gains. 

O! then, let none dc-*ponding, cry: 
Hope fore'er has passed me by. 
An endless winter none need I'eir, 
The day will dawn though night be drear. 



E N I G M A 



liV .T, J. C. 



I .\>l fO.iipo.seJ of 10 letters: 

i^Iy S, (1, 7, 1', is a coniman i to stop; 

My ■), '.I, 12, 7, is made of iron; 

My S, 1, 4, is a pronoun, feminine g:nder; 

-Afy 10, 12, 13, 3 is a useful tree; 

My 10, 9, II, is a property of plants; 

My 1 '>, 1, 12, 1.!, 14, is the nimc of a river in ?]uro])c. 

My whole is what we all Jcsire to gain. 

vJTJVBiTirjB II<rSTK>TJOTOR. 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON TlIE FIR.ST AND FIPTEE.NTII OF EVERY MONTH. 



UKOKGE q,- fANNON, 



EDITOR. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Siiif/le Copy, per Annum, - - - .«;2.00. 
On Copies Sent hv Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^S-OtTice, South Temple Streot, One-and-a-half Blocks Wes 
of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 




