

JOSIAII su-coe-led to tlio throne of Juiluli when he was but 
eight y3ars of ago, and at a jievioJ when idolatry and 
wickedness, encour- 
aged by h\< r.iiier t^ES^Kr^'S^^^er^?^?^ 
AmoTi's example, 
very !rene"a!!y i>"?- 
vailed. In the .six- 
teenth year of his ase 
lie began to seek the 
Lord; and in his twen- 
tieth year, and for six 
year.s afterwards, in a 
per.-ional progress 
throughout all the 
land of Judah and 
Israel, lie destroyed 
higli ]ilaces. groves, 
images and other out- 
ward signs of idolatrj'. 
He ordered the tem- 
])le to be restored; anil 
in the cour.se of the 

repairs, Ililkiah. the 

priest, fiund a copy 

of "the Book of the 

Law of the Lord.'' 

which had iirobably 

been lodged there for 

security by some fai th- 

ful ])riest, in the reign 

of Ahaz or iManiisseh. 

It was no doubt acojiy 

of the Pent:i tench, or 

the first five books o 

the Old Testament, 

written u|ion the 

scrolls then med. that 

Hilkiah f lund; and in 

the reading of which 

Jo.siah took the doc])- 

est interest. It great- 
ly quickened his de- 
sire to live in God's 

glory and to promote 




His true wor.-~liip and service among those over wliom lie ruled. 
Our engraving represents king Josiah reading the words of 

the book of the cove- 
nant to all the people 
whom he had caused 
to be gathered togeth- 
er at the house of the 
Lord. 

Josiah reigned thir- 
ty-one years in Jeru- 
salem. It is written 
of him: 

'And like inito him 
was there iki king be- 
f ire him. that turned 
to the Lord with all 
lis heart, and with all 
lis .soul, and with all 
lis might, according 
to all the law of ]Mo- 
ses; neither after him 
arose there any like 
him." 

When Josiah fell, 
mortally wounded, in 
a battle with the king 
of Egypt, the iie0)ile 
realized howgreatand 
good a king he had 
jcen, and his death 
was greatly lamented 
liy all his subjects. 

Ho was burled with 
extraordinary honors, 
and the ])rophet Jer- 
emiah wrote a lanicn- 
I III ion on the occasion. 

It is beH<'r to <lo 
Mild not promise, than 
In promise and not 
]ii'iTonii. 





38 



J" TJ "V" E nsr I Xj E3 imrSTI^.TJCTOI^ 




iQistorii o)| the ^luircff^* 

EAELY LIFE IN THE VALLEY! 



( Contlnned. ) 




IN writiiiir Viack to Elders Hyde. Smith and Benson at Potta- 
watomie, President Youn.tr said that it was expected that the 
bretliren would not have any occasion to bring any more bread- 
stuffs than would be necessary for their journey, as those who 
were then in the valley would be able to raise all they would 
want uiion their arrival. But instead of bread-stuffs they 
could bring dry goods, clothing, groceries; animals and fowls 
and seeds of every kind, nuts f jr jilanting. trees, shrubs and 
flower seeds of every kind. 

By direction of Col. E. B. Mason, ;Military (lovernor of 
California, Col. J. D. Stevenson wrote to President Young 
that he was instructed to authorize Captain Jefferson Hunt to 
raise a volunteer battalion of '■Jlormoiis." He alluded to the 
"severe persecution" endured by the Saints, and attributed 
much of the |)reiudicc existing in California to the exclu.sive- 
ness of the Saints, as well as the bad reports which had pre- 
ceded them; but he saiil that the intercour.se with the men -of 
the Battalion since their arrival had disjielled the prejudices, 
and that having had occasion to visit all the prominent places 
from Santa Barbara to San Diego, he had found a strong feeling 
of respect entertained for the ^loruion jieoplo, both by the 
native and foreign i oimlation, and an earnest desire expressed 
that they should be retained in service during the war and 
finally become permanent residents of that .section. 

After the arrival of President Young in the Valley he called 
the brethren of the Battalion together and ble.ssed them in the 
name of the Lord for their fidelity to the kingdom of (!od. He 
told them it was not generally understood why the Battalion 
had tieen raised. The Ltitter-ilay Saints had friends and 
enemies at Wa.-hingtoii. When President l'(]lk coul<l do them 
a favor he was disposed to do it. but there were those around 
him who felt vindictive towards the Saints and kept continually 
harping against them, and who thought themselves wise 
enough to lay plans to accomplish their destruction. The plan 
of raising a Battalion to march to California by a call from the 
War Dep.-irtnient was devi>ed with a view to the total over- 
throw of the kingdom of ( rod and the destruction of every 
man, woman and child, and was hatched up liv Senator Thoma.s 
IT. Ui'nton. The progress of the camp every day was rejiorted 
in \\ a>liiii<:lMM. The enemies of the Saints firmly believed 
they would refuse to respond to the call, and they told Presi- 
dent I'olk this would prove to him whether they were friends 
tu the rniou; and they further advi.<ed the President that 
when the call would !)(■ rejected, to .say to the States of Mis- 
souri and Illinois and the mobocrats: "the Mormons arc at your 
mercy." When Caiitain Allen, who had been ajipointcd by 
the government to call upon the Fjatter-day Saints to rai.se a 
b.-ittalion tor the war. read his papers, the (Hiwer of the Almighty i 
was upon I'rcsident Young and his brethren, and it over" | 
sbadowi'd Allen, and he straii;htway became the friend of the ' 
people, and had he lived, President Young .said, he would have 
remained their friend. 

It was to the jiraise of the Battalion, I'resident Young said, 
that they went as honorable men. doing honor to their calling 
and to the United .*>tates. and he was satisfied with all of them. 
If some had done wrong and transgressed and been out of the 
wav. Pre.-idiMit Voung exhorted llieiii to refrain iberefrom, 



turn unto the Lord and build up His kingdom. WTio could 
say, he asked, he was without sin? 

President Young said he felt glad that their conduct had 
proved to their commanders and generals that they were the 
best and most reliable soldiers; and although there were, 
perhaps, no people in the Union who would have responded 
to the call under the circumstances the Saints were in, still it 
was the best course they could have pursued. President Young 
fiirther remarked that he saw the whole plan concocted as 
])lainly as he saw the faces then before him, and he felt within 
himself that his faith in God would out-general the wickedness 
of their enemies. The Battalion was formed, it started and 
the sword fell on the other side. If the Battalion had not 
gone, they would not have been in the A^alley then. He alluded 
to feelings which existed between those who had been in the 
army and those who had not; such feelings, he said, were 
wi'ong. His fellowship was as pure for one person as for 
another who had been preserved in the gospel covenants. 

He said he did not want the Battalion to re-enlist for another 
six months. He regretted that he did not have clothing for 
them; but he would rather wear skins, he said, than go back 
to the United States for clothes. 

On the 8th of October, 1848. a General Conference was held 
in this cit}', at which President Brigham Young was sustained 
by unanimous vote as President of the Church, with Heber C. 
Kimball and Willard Richards as his coun.selors. John Smith 
was sustained as Patriarch; Charles C. Kich as President of 
the Stake, with John Young and Erastus Snow, as his coun- 
selors. Orson Hyde, Parley P. Pratt, Lyman Wight, Wilford 
Woodruff", John Taylor, George A. Smith, Amasa Lyman and 
Ezra T. Benson were sustained as members of the council of 
the Twelve Apostles; and Jose]ih Young, Levi W. Hancock, 
Zeia Pulsipher, Albert P. Kockwood, Henry Ilarriman, Jede- 
diah 31. Grant and Benjamin L. Clapp, as first Presidents of 
the Seventies. Newel K. Whitney was sustained as Presiding 
Bishop. At this Conference President Young delivered a 
discourse oti the holy priesthood, in whicli he showed the 
necessity there was fin- a First Presidency over the Church; 
"for," said he, "God had told me we would fall, if we did not 
organize a First Presidency." The Conference adjourned to 
the 15th of (October, at which time a letter to the Presidency 
of the Church, written from Chain Island, or Ana, in the 
South Pacific ocean, under date of October 19, 1S4G, by Elders 
Addisiin Pratt and B. P. Grouard, and brought from there by 
Bro. A. Pratt, was read to the Conference. It gave a detailed 
account of their laboi-s on those islands, and was listened to 
with great interest by the Conference. Elder Addison Pratt 
also addressed the people; his remarks and narrative of his 
labors were listened to with great gratification. It was voted 
inianimou.sly by the Conference that he should return to the 
Society Islands, accompanied by such Elders as .should be 
designated thereafter. 

(_)n the .Ird of December, at a meeting held in the Fort, 
fellow.ship was withdrawn from Lyman Wight, one of the 
Twelve Ajiostles. and George Miller, Bish<ip. 

The i)eoi)le of Great Salt Lake City suffered so nuich annoy- 
ance from the wolves howling at night, and fi-imi the depreda- 
tions of foxes, catamounts and other animals that it was 
thought advisable to organize two companies of one hundred 
men each, John D. Lee and John Pack to be the captains, to 
destroy these wild animals. It was aiTanged that the company 
which .should produce the most game were to be treated to a 
dinner at the expen.se of the other company. 

(To he Continued.) 





cttj'v^ei^iXjE i:]srsTi?.TJCTOi^ 




39 



AMY had two pets, the house dog and her cat. She made 
many efforts to encourage the two animals to eat out of 
the same plate, but did not succeed until one morning when 
she put on one side of the plate a piece of fish, remembering 
the line in one of Cowper's pleasant little poems which she had 
learned at school, "W^hat cat's averse to fish?" and on the 
other side a tempting piece of raw meat, such as no dog could 
resist for the sake of a cat opposite to him. She was delighted 
at the success of her plan. 

Amy had been taught to consider kindness to animals as a 
duty; she had been reproved in her very early days far squeez- 
ing kittens too hard, and for plaguing dogs or teasing rabbits. 
Nothing of that kind was allowed by her parents; they showed 
her that animals were helpless in defending themselves among 
their friends, because they sus])ected no harm, and were there- 
fore easily brought near enough to be very much injured or 
made unhappy. Domestic animals were in a manner thrown 




on our good feelings and nn our hoiKir. It was mean and cruel 
to repay their confidence in u? by unkind treatment. In a wild 
state it was different, for then no one was their friend, and they 
naturally acted on the defensive. 

Brought up with these vii'ws. Amy made a most gentle and 
loving mistress to any pets she might have. 




Yes and No. — Some time ago a London merchant wa?iteil a 
boy in his wari'house. Two were recommendc<l to him. The 
first buy walked into the couiitiMg-honse kc('i)ing his cap on his 
head, which all (niry<jung readers know is not very iiolite. 

In answer to .several c|iiestions the buy alirii|illy answered, 
"Yes," or "No." 

The .second boy made a politer bow when he entered, and 
when asked a question answered with 'Ves, sir," ''No, sir,' 
etc. The first boy was the stronger, and was, therefore, better 
abl(' til carry more parcels about than the' other. 

Yet the hoy who took off his cap got the situation. 



Ill; Jlltisetttti^. 



ooinsrs j^i<TiD nvcEnDj^Ls. 



BY BETH. 



COINS are jiieces of metal stamped with a legal impri.ssion, 
for the juirpose of circulation as a medium of exchange. 
Medals are jiieces of metal in the form of coins, such as 
were formerly used as current money, or .struck on particular 
occasions to preserve to posterity the memory of some impor- 
tant event, or the portrait of some illustrious person. 

Now, as "our museum" is to be, as its name implies, a 
repository for curiosities, it is not intended to exhibit mere 
common-jilace miiney, unless there is some special interest 
connected with it. but .such as is evidence of the veracity of 
history and illustrative of the arts in ancient and modem times. 
The first coins to notice are made of fine gold. Gold is called 
"fine" when it is pure, that is, free from alloy. The coins of 
our glorious Eeimblic are alloyed with co])iier; the Government 
mint has authority to use alloy. The coins that are most 
attrattive in our museum are stumped on one side with a bee- 
hive and an eagle volant^ that is, with with wings spread, as in 
flying. Around these .symbols, for such they are, as we shall 
.see, there is a "legend" — by this expression is] meant an 
inscription, in that sense that applies to coins and medals. It 
reads, Deseret Ass.w Office I^itre Gold. At the base of 
this coin is stamped 5 D., to .show its value, which is five 
dollars. This side of the coin is called the'';"obverse, " by 
which is meant the face or front of the coin. ,, The other 
side is called the "rever.se." on which is a lion coucJiant, or lying 
down. In the place for the date and inscription, which in medals 
is called the "exergue,'' is 1860, surrounded by the words, 
Holiness to the Lord, in characters that are known as the 
Deseret Alphabet. 

With this coinage no doubt many are familiar, and its 
appearance has been described fir.st because its importance is 
most interesting, and it will .show the .utility of coins and 
medals in general. 

Let us suppose a case, a thing that is by no means likely to 
happen. Say that, many ages having passed away, some one 
is reading a hi.story of the Latter-day Saints, at a time when 
the fact of their having exi.sted, or the epoch in which they 
lived is doubtful, what an amazing amount of reliable informa- 
tion would be aft'orded by finding such a coin as this! It wcmld 
tell of a highly civilized people, the time when they flourished, 
the conditiiin of art when they lived, and the jirol'cssion of 
faith in (iod; their .-^ymlmls tho.^e of euunige, cndiiranee, 
activity and industry; their individuality stanipi-d in cbaraeters 
]ieculiar to themselves, unlike tho.se of any other jieople. 

There will be something else to say abcmt .some other coins 
of the "State of De.seret,'' that ai-e iiill n\' meaning, when 
correctly understnnd; and we .'•hall have coins and medals, 
medulliiins and medalets fiom all p;irts of the world, and ii-om 
the earliest ages, to 1(^11 us of triumphal arches, temples, 
fountains, am])hitheatres, games, ceremonies, palaces, obelisks, 
and many other things that bring ns into aequaintjiiice with 
the manners and customs of the ancients. This i ; only one 
departmeirt of our museum, that pertaining to numismatics, 
tlu! .science of coins .-nid medals. 



A L'l,i;.\ll con.sciencc fears no accusation. 





J"U"VEn^ILE in^STI^/UOTOI^ 




% 15^fi'^ vouanc ^r0uitil \l\t warii 



BV i;. M. o. 




RELEASED VlUm IMIISOX— SAIL FOll PANA3IA. 

BETWKP^N five mill si.N. u't-'dulc tlie olJ cahtilero iircsenteJ 
himself, and tulJ us that il' we would ]iay hiui unu dollar 
each, he would set us at lioeity. We liaJ uo money, so I told 
him to tell Blueher to come down, as I wished to see him. 
This he did; and when Bluchei' anived, I explained the matter 
to him, and he at once advanced the tW(.i dollars. ThereuiJon 
the old jailor threw open the door of uur pen, and we walked 
out free men. Although in a strange place, with uo money in 
our pockets, and nothing- in the sha|)e of clothing excepting 
what we stood in, (our generous captaiu took our chests and 
clothing in the ship with him) no glooniy apprehensions for 
the future dampened our feelings of buoyancy at regaining our 
freedom. We went to Bluch^r'.j and had supper. While 
there, a boy came in and lold us that two gentlemen wished to 
see us at his mother's house. We went there with him, and 
the gentlemen proved to be the boat-steerer and foremast 
hand, who had stolen the captain's money. We had a talk 
with them, daring which they flatly denied the theft. When 
we returned to Bkuher'.; we found a ship captain waiting to see 
us. ' It wa.i C.L;yt..i;i C , of the brig Margaret, of Port- 
land, and he wanted a eoui)le of men. The brig was bound to 
Panama, and then to the Chinca Mands, for a cargo of guano. 
The captain was satisfied with u.-, and we signed the article.^. 
He then paid us a month's wages in advance; this was sixteen 
dollars. It was on Thur.-day evening that we made the 
contract, and we were to be on board on Sunday night, as the 
vessel was to sail early on Monday morning. Ijidding the 
captain good night, we congratidated each other on our good 
fortune. 

Friday and Saturday We emiiloyed our time procuring an 
outfit, as far as our money would go; and, by the way. owing 
to the high luices, this outtit was .slim and meagre. But we 
were on a coast where good weather was jirevalent, and a 
sailor's wardrobe is never burdensome at the best. 

On Sunday morning we were attracted by an unusual noise 
and gathering in one of the streets. It pioved to be the 
formation of a funeral ])roce.<sion. This singular assembly was 
led by six women, howling and moaning in the most dismal 
manner. They are called "howlers ' by the people, and follow 
the business as a profession. ^\i"ter the howlers, came a priest 
and two l)oys. swinging incen.se lamps; then the corpse, borne 
on a bier; it was that of a girl eight or ten years old. The 
body was not encased in a cofiin, but dre.s.sed in white drapery, 
over which was pa>ted, iiinned and' sewed gilded jiaper, cut 
in the form of the cross, stais. etc. The UKUuners and citizens 
followed the bier in an orderle.ss crowd. Our curio.sity to see 
more of thoe singvdar funeral rites led us to join the crowd 
and follow to the jilace of interment. Back of the town there 
is a large .suid hill, on the cone of which is erected a large 
wooden cniss. To this hill we proi-ceded. A grave had been 
dug as near the cro.ss as )iossible, though .some distance away, 
on accountof the great heap of human bones piled up at itsfoot. 
This grave was only about eighteen or twenty inches deep. 
The body was ))laced in it, and after a gieat deal of i)rayiug, 
sprinkling and lanii)-waving by the prie.st and boys, howling 
the "howlers, ' and the u.-^ual demonstrations of grief by 



the relatives, it was covered with the sand. The soil around 
Payta is so imijregnated with nitre that a body so slightly 
covered does not emit any offensive smell. The flesh, in an 
incredibly short time, dries and crumbles into dust. The 
graves are not marked by tombstones or monuments, and 
the drifting sand soon obliterates all marks of a fiesh tomb; 
and the grave-digger, who unearths the bones of previous 
interments, throws them on the common heap) at the base of 
the cross. AVe followed the crowd back to the house, where 
we found everything was arranged, not for a house of mourn- 
ing, but for a regular joyful time. Guitar and castanet players 
tuned and rattled their instruments, and all hands, including 
the jiriest. joined in the "fandango." This was probably kept 
up all night. In the afternoon, Hank and I took leave of 
Blucher and the few who had befriended u.?, and reported 
ourselves ready for duty ou board the. 3Iur^are.'. She was of 
about one hundred and fifty ton.; burden, fud rigged. Our 
cargo Consisted of about ninety tons of coal, that had been 
saved fi-om a ship that had been burned in the harbor a few 
months before we joined the brig, sixty .-rheep, ten head of 
cattle and about two himdred bu,-hcls of sweet potiitoes and 
onion,, — ad to be sold at Panama. Besides this truck, we had 
the owner of it — the French consul at Payta — on board as a 
passenger. We got underway early on Jlonday moi-ning, and 
with a good southerly wind, soon left Payta head, for astern. 
Oar captain was a perfect gentleman, a native of New Orleans; 
he spoke five languages, and could navigate a vessel, but could 
not work one. He was what seameu call a "cabin window 
sailor." He knew his deficiency, however, in this part of his 
nautical education, eonsei(uently the mate, a clever young 
fellow, did that part of the business. Nothing of unusual 
interest occurred ou our voyage. Our cour,se lay near the 
coast, aud daily we had a magnificent and ever changing view 
of the snow-capped peaks of the Cordilleras, looming up 
in solemn grandeur above the table lands that skirt the 
sea coasts of Eipiador and New (Iranada. The old brig 
leaked badly, repairing considerable work at the pumps daily, 
but we had fine weather, and no apprehen.>ion was felt. Our 
sheep died off very fast, aud, that there might not be any 
waste, the cook had orders to kill any of them that seemed 
likely to die. Of course the cook picked (jut the best and 
mo.st lively looking for his kniie, and we had mutton, onions 
and potatoes every day, cooked in all styles. This was fat 
living for sailors. We carried our southerly wind and good 
weather into Panama, being sixteen days on our passage. This 
was not bad, considering the dull sailing of the brig. 

I was now about to realize some of my bright dreams. 
Panama, to my boyish imagination, was the beau ideal of a 
Spanish American city. Indirectly it was associated with 
Balboa, the discoverer of the Pacific, and directly with the 
renowned buccaneei', Morgan. Here, in years gone bj', 
centered the trade of the Pacific, the spice.s of India; the gold 
and silver of Peru was brought iuto this port by the richly 
freighted galleons, and off this port was the favorite cruising 
ground of the early Jlnglish circumnavigators, and of those 
lawless adventurers, the buccaneers. Of this jilace history 
reads like a romance, and that romance is written in gold and 
blood. 



Pl.AV Upd.v WdKDS. — A drunken loafiir was once picked up 
by a watchman, when the following decision was made: "There 
is no .sense in his head, no cents in his iiockct, and a jiowerful 
.scent in bis breath." He was, of coursv, sent right off to the 
lockup. 





O'TJ^EIsriLE IIsrSTI^TJCTOE. 



41 




BE JP Xj :e j!^ s j^ i<j- T . 



MOTHEK'S cross!" said Maggie, coming out into tlie 

ill kitclien with a pout on lier lii)s. Her aunt was busy 
ironing; but she looked up and answered Maggie: — 

''Tlien it is the very time for you to be pleasant and helpful, 
brother was awake a great deal in the night with the poor 
Ijaby. 

Maggie made no rei)ly. Slie put on her hat, and walked off 
into the garden. But a new idea went with her. " 'The very 
time to be Jielpfd and jileasant is when other people are eros.s. ' 
Sure enough," thougjit she; "that would be the time it would 
do the most good. I remember, when I was sick last year, I 
was so nervou-i, that if anybody spoke to me, I could hardly 
help being cross: and mother never got angry or out of patience, 
but was just as gentle with me! I ought to pay it back now; 
and I will. ' ' And she sprang up from the grass where she had 
thrown lierself and turned a face full of cheerful resolution 
toward the room where her mother sat southing and tending a 
fretful, teething bab.y. 3Iaggie brought out the pretty ivory 
balls, and began to jingle them for the little one. He stopped 
fretting, and a .smile dimpled the comers of his lips. '-Couldn't 
I take Jiim nut to ride in his carriage, mother? it is .such a nice 
morning," .«he a.sked. 

''I should lie so glad if you would!" said her mother. 

The little hat and sacqvie were brought, and lialiy soon was 
ready for liis ride. 

•'I'll keep liim as long as he is good," said Jlaggie; "and 
you must lie on the ■■^ofa and get a na]) while I am gone. You 
are looking dreadfully tired." 

The kind word-, and the kiss that aeeompanied them, were 
almost too much for the mother. The tears rose to her eyes, 
and her voice trembled as she answered, "Thank you, dearie; 
it will do me a world of good if you can keep him out an hour; 
and the air will do him good too. Jly head aches badly this 
morning." 

What a happy heart beat in Maggie's bosom as she trundled 
the little carriage ii]i and down on the walkl She had done real 
good. She had given liack :i little of the help and forbearance 
that had so often been be.stowed upon her. She had made 
lier mother lui]i])ier. and given lier time to rest. She 
resolved always to remember and act ujion lier aunt's good 
word: "The very time to beheljifnl arid pleasant is when every- 
body is tire<l and cross." — Srlccfcd. 



a-Lj^ss 




NOTHTXli is knov.n with certainty as to the invention or 
early bistorj of gla.ss; but as the lava from volcanoes often 
cools intJi rude crystal", it is .supposed that the ancients were 
iM<biced to imitate them, and .so liecame nuisters of the art. 
The name given to thi' crystal like substance was derived fi'oni 
;in old (icrmanword signifying to shine or glisten. That the 
I'k'yptiatis understooil the manufacture of glass at an e;irly 
jieriod is jiroved by relics found with mummii's more than 
three thousand years old. among whicli ari' lic-hly c;ir\ccl 
vas(^s and urns, paintings on glass, and artiKf-ial gems, in which 
amethysts, emeralds and fitlun' precious stones, were Imiliiti'd 
so sueci'ssfidly as to deceive the most practiced eye. 

i'^)r many yi'ars alter its inverjlioii. glass was apjilied to orna- 
mental p\iiposes only, ami mui-li ingeiuiity and skill wi're 
e.xercised to find suh.stitutes for the useful jiurpoves for which 
we now employ it, l''or windows tb(^ iidiabitants of eastern 

uiitri(^s ,us(^d linen or paper, reudenMJ transpan^nt by being 



soaked in oil; the Chinese sliaved.horn or split oyster shells; 
the wealthy romans used thin sheets of agate or mica- 
Among the Esquimaux of our day large blocks of ice are 
in.serted in their snow huts to admit the light. In the fourth 
century glazed windows wore introduced into houses, and justly 
considered a great lu.xury. Before the invention of glass 
mirrors, plates of higlily polished metal were used, specimen 
of which are still preserved in many families as heirlooms. 

The richest wines of antiquity were kept in leathern pouches, 
and quaffed from tlie horns of animals or from rough stone 
cups. As the art of glass making became more generally 
itnderstood it was applied to usefid articles, and these rude 
utensils gradually disappeared. In a liquid state, glass can be 
blown or wrought into almost any form or shape, from land- 
scapes enclosed in paper-weights to dresses composed of threads 
as fine as the spider's web. Without the aid of glass, the 
investigations of .science could not have been jiursued, as the 
telescope, mieroseo])e and all other optical instruments, as well 
as the thermometer and liarometer, dejiend entirely upon it for 
their various uses, — SeJee'ed. 

■ — ^ut<* ' I n^>* * c* 



'f>||0rtll£'1ICC 



.\ MKRii'AX Fork, T"r.\ir Co.. 

January 10, 1«;4 
Editor Juvenile Jn^tDicfnr, 

Dear Brothkr: — Knowing tlio great interest you feel 
in flio progress of .Suntlay .Schools, and being fully aware of the 
etforts you are making to jironiote tluit end, in your ottiee as Presi- 
dent of the Territorial Sunday School Uni<in, as well as through 
the niedium of the .TrvKxiLE Ixstkuctor, I write to let yni 
know what is being done in this County. 

I was at tlie meeting of the Sunday School teachers of Provo 
last Thursday evening. The subject of introducing the Ji'VKNtlk 
Instructor extensively into the schools as a text book, and also 
of inducing every family, as far as possible, to subscribe for and 
avail tlicmselves of it, was talked over and agreed on. It was 
proposed tbat a committee be chosen from among the teachers to 
canvass each of the wards of Prove City for subscribers to the 
In'structor; and accordingly there were four appointed for eacli 
of tile first and fourtb wards, and two for each of tlie >eeond and 
third ward.s. 

W(^ also had a meeting of the Sunday School teachers of this 
place yesterday, and apjxiinted four committees to canvass this 
city, charging them not to miss a house, but do their best to have 
all subscribe. I hope this will have the etlii'ct of greatly increas- 
ing the list of subscribers. The teachers are so well pleased with 
the result of subscribing for ten copies last year out of the Sunday 
School fund, for tbe use of tbe teachers in tbe school, that tli'^v 
have decided on increasing tbe number so taken to twenty copies 
this year. These copies at the end of the voluine'inake a valuable 
addition to our library, or, if we think |iropei', we can i::ive >oinc> 
cornidete volumes of them as prizes to the cliildrcn w ho e\ccl at 
the end of the 3*ear. 

Yesterday we had a very plea'^ing time in our Sunday School, 
it being the day appointed for redeeiniiu." the ticki-ts obtained by 
the scholars during the year |>ast, .Suitable hook'^ obtiiined for 
that imrpose, to the nuniher of about one hundred and lifly, rang- 
ing in value tViPin twenty-ti\ i' cents to two chdhirs inch, were given 
to the )ui)iils, according' to noTit. for luinctual attemlance, good 
behavior, ccnnniittinc: to nieioory the Questions anil Answers from 
the jNSTRtrcTou, recitations, etc. 

ll was encouraging to the teacher-, to sec how |ilea-cd the lilth' 
ones were who received the re»ariNandto lii'ar tin' re-oliitions 

of those who did not to exii'l thi niing year. 

^■oul■ lirothcr and J''ric>nd. 

Wm. r,\.\\iAx. 





4S 



CTTJ^EISrirjE] IlsTSTI^TJCTOI^ 




^'fif jfuueHiIij |(nslrKi:!0i|, 



fiviwta.'v £% r*AittiL 


r^-kwr 




EDITOR. 






SATURDAY, 


FEBRUARY 


14 


1874. 



:eiidxto:rxjljl, thzotjo-hits. 





T is a sad fact, one. however, which cannot 
lie truthfully denied, that the spirit of skep- 
ticism and infidelity is increasing among the 
youth of America, and still more to be 
regretted that manifestations of this same 
spirit are not entirely unknown among the 
sons and daughters of the Latter-day 
Saints. 
We could more easily pardon the children 
of those who have not received the truth for 
indulging in this spirit than the youth of the 
people of God. There is so much that is crude. 
Jarring and incomprehensible to the mind of 
childhood, in the false creeds of this age, that 
we do not wonder that the young are perplexed and 
doubting on religious subjects; but with the children 
of light it should not be so. They have the positive 
word (if their parents that they know there is such a 
being as (iod, ami that He lives, that He is the Creator and 
Ruler of this world, and that they have this knowledge direct 
from Him for themselves. To doubt this is not only to doubt 
the e.xistence of God, but to disbelieve the words of their 
parents. Again they have the principles of the gospel preached 
to them, which if they will seek to understand, are so plain 
and simple that even the young can comprehend them, and, 
what is more, they are permitted to obey them and receive of 
their blessing;-. Still further, they are surrounded 1 y thousands 
of witnes.'es of the i)owers of the heavenly world, by men and 
women who have seen and conversed with angels, who have 
heard heavcn'y tidings; by tho.se who have been blind an 1 have 
received their sight, who have been dumb yet now speak, who 
have been ai death's door 3'et now live and are well; and a.l 
these things brought about by the power of prayer to (rod and 
in the name of .Jesus Christ.. For the young who have .such 
evidence before them to doubt, is to manifest a feeling which 
says: "'We arc wiser than all the world beside, the testimony 
of our fathers is but wind, the warnings of our teachers but 
folly, we will believe nothing but what wa can demonstrate and 
be very careful to close our eyes when there is any chance of 
lightdawning upon them.' 

But even suppose we say nothing of the direct oral testimony 
of men of the present e.\i.stcnce of a (rod; what can we think 
of ihose who, with no other light than that afforded by the 
workTwhich nature lays before them, attribute to chance the 
beauty, order an 1 liarmony which thiy cannot deny cxi.sts on 
the earth beneath their feet and the heavens that sprcal out 
above them. They live on the earth and find their bodies 
most admirably adapted for enjoying life here, they find that 
the day and night succeed each other with unvarying precision, 
that summer and winter, cold and heat come regularly around; 
that the sua rise., and sets at its appointed hour, and that 
the moon and stars al.-o have their times and seasons which 
niithing alters or destroys. How is it possible that all this 
harmony an 1 order commenced in the beginning hap-haza:d 



and has continued to the present without change. Fire burned in 
the days of Adam, of Noah and Abraham; — it does so now. 
The law of its nature is the same. Water would drown when 
Seth and Lamach hved, it will to-day. If all had a birth in 
chance, as some maintain, and nature obeyed no defined and 
eternal laws, we might expect to find when we arose some 
morning that the sun poured forth darkness instead of light, 
that fire froze instead of burned, that peaches grew on pear 
trees, and currant bushes brought forth pears; that the wheat 
planted grew to turnips, and potatoes sprang up in the place 
of oats. We might find that animals born by chance were all 
out of order. Horses might sometimes have six legs, some- 
times two; sometimes ten eyes, sometimes none; a cow might 
have a coat of TTOol, and a sheep be clothed in hair. Their 
limbs might be in all sorts of out-of-the-way places: their eyes 
on their backs, their mouths in their flanks, or any other way, 
"just as it happened.'' A cow might roar like a lion, and a 
Hon coo like a dove. 

And why not? Is it not just as reasonable to expect just 
such freaks if all were chance, as to imagine that the lion 
would always roar, the dog bark and the cat mew. Why 
should not pussy crow now and then, and the rooster neigh 
occasionally, if there were no law to guide their voices. 

Many questions have from time to time been asked those who 
profess to believe in chance, none of which have they been 
able to satisfactorily answer. We might ask a few: How often 
might a man mix a few thousand letters in a sack, and then 
empty them out upon the floor, before they would fall in such 
order as to form a poem, a discourse, or even a few' .sensible 
sentences? We should think any man insane who attempted 
to compose a work in such a manner, but is it not easier to 
imagine that a poem or discourse could be thus composed by 
chance than that this great and beautiful world could be called 
into existence in such a manner? Or how long might any one 
carelessly sprinkle various colors on a canvas before they would 
assume the exact likeness of a man? And which is most 
difficult to call into existence a living man with all his gifts and 
powers, or the simple portrait of that same being? So we 
might continue to add questions to those vrho state they believe 
that this world grew by chance, without the aid of a creator. 

We inuigine that some of the heady and high-minded must 
fancy that there is something unmanly in believing in a God 
and in worshiping Him as the Builder of the universe. Is 
it nobler to believe that we all came by chance, and are liable 
to disappear in the same manner, that we are nothing more 
than an accident, the re u!t of atoms of matter being jumbled 
together by unexplainable forces from whence sprang the firt t 
man, and by and by another jumble brought forth the first 
woman — these two the father and mother of us all? Is such an 
origin to be comjiared to the high descent which revelation 
accords to us as the sons and daughters of a great Creator who 
formed and fiishioncd all things, and holds them continually in 
His guiding hands? We leave those who believe in chance to 
answer this and our other questions. 



-♦*- 



-»*>- 



February's come, and now the breezes 
Howl among the leafless treeses; 
Now the boy with ragged trowscs, 
Shivering, homeward drives the cowses; 
His boots are old and torn his clothes is, 
And bless my coul! how blue his nose is! 



JuDOE not the rich by their wealth, nor the poor by their 
poverty. 





JTJ^EnsriLE IDNfSTI^TJCTOK. 



43 




IPOOIjSO^IP I^J^IPIHIK/. 



THE term foolscap, to designate a certain kind of paper, no 
doubt has puzzled many a person anxious to find out what 
the term originated from. The origin of it is not only amusing 
but historical. Charles I. of P]ngland, granted immerous 
monopolies for the support of the government. Among 
others was the manufacture of paper. The watermark of the 
finest quality was the royal arms of England. The consumj)- 
tion of this ar- 
ticle was veiy 
great, and large 
fortunes wore 
made by tho e 
who had pu.- 
ohased the ex- 
clusive right to 
vend it. Thi-, 
among othi.'r 
monopolies, w.is 
set aside 1 y 
the parliament 
that brought 
Charles I. lo 
the scaffold; 
and, by way of 
showing ciiii- 
tempt for t.ie 
king, they or- 
dered the royal 
armstobetak 'n 
from the papjr, 
and a fool, wi:h 
his cap a. id 
bells, to be sub- 
stituted. It is 
now over two 
hundred ye;ir; 
since the fxi.'s 
cap was tak 'u 
from the pap r. 
but sYill the ] a- 
per of the sl/.c 
which thi rump 

parliament ( r- 

dered for thjir 
journals, bear^j 

the name of (he 

water- m a r k 

placed there to 

express the con- 
tempt aii'l in- 

digna'.ioii I' 'It 

by the me:ii! its 

of pailiaiiKn 

at the exclusive 

and unwise jiol- 

iey which had been pursued by their late king, Charles I. 








DAN(iKR OF Bad Comi'AN v.— St. .\ustin comiiares the danger 
of bad company to a nail driven inUj a post, which, after the 
first and second stroke, may be drawn o\it with little difficulty; 
but being driven up to the head, the pincers can take no hold 

draw it out, and it cannot be drawn without marring the wood. 



WE give herewith a very interesting engraving of "Papa's 
Lessons from Nature." The eager face of his little 
daughter plainly shows how well Papa's lessons are received. 
A wise, thoughtful jiarent never allows the opportunity of 
ini]>arting lessons of wisdom to his children to pass by without 
being improved. It is not from printed books alone that 

lessons can be 
taught. The 
great book of 
nature is spread 
out before us. 
We can draw 
instruction from 
its pages. The 
lofty and glori- 
ous mountains 
of our laud, the 
bounding creeks 
and rivers, the 
fertile fields, the 
orchards laden 
with beautiful, 
perfumed blos- 
soms or rijien- 
ing fruit, our 
canyon and val- 
ley scenerj', the 
great variety of 
trees, shrubs. 
and iilants, the 
numerous class- 
es of animals 
that abound in 
our country, or 
<jf liirds that we 
hear chirping 
in the trees or 
see flying in the 
air, or the fishes 
that are to be 
found in our 
streams, can all 
lie used as texts 
lor as [iroHtal le 
and ititerestiug 
l('S.«(ins as any 
writt 'n in our 
b.M.ks. The 
chlMri'n will be 
as charmed in 
I i ,J t ( n ' n g to 
;1r'IK as the lit- 
le girl in our 
I'ligraviiig is at 
!!■ ini|iarts it to h-'r. 



th. 



fr< 



e lesscin troni tier 



■;i;ia 



lip:- as 



The t,'cntlc' >tri'iini tliul flows between 

Us fniilful Tiaiiks fur i-vcr, 
Koiis oti witli jo.v to do its s!u»ro 

To till till- Ijnuiuliiiy river; 
Till' river, licariiig (iod's ('oiniiiaiiil, 

Will) coti.stimt, true lievoli.in, 
Flows ever onwiird tlirougli tlie Iiiiid 

To fill tlic^ miglit.y o.eiiii. 





44r 



CTTJ^El^ILE insrSTI?.TJOTOI?. 




The prattlinpf brook and mountain spring, 

Though hid siuiong the daisies, 
Do always flow to bless the earth, 

And sing their Maker's praises; 
And smallest flowers, though far away, 

In by and lonely places, 
To heaven they ope their fragrant lii)s. 

And lift their blushing faces. 

The violet breathes an evening prayer 

Beside the crystal fountain; 
The wild rose offers incense rare. 

Upon the distant mountain: 
Tlic lily of the valley bows 

Its head in meekness lowly, 
'While on its face the dewdrops shine, 

liiUe tears of sorrow holy. 

The birds sing not with selfish notes, 

But try to jilease each other; 
And so may we, with loving voice, 

Cheer up a downcast brotlier. 
'Tis thus all nature teaches us. 

The same IS Bethlehem's story. 
To live and love for other's good, 

And for our Maker's glory. 



J^ IP .A. I T H IF" TJ L IDOC3-. 




AL.VWYEK in Saii Franci.sco lia.s a wife, .1 i! Mr.'-e-gi.'', quite 
a iiirmbor of small eliiklrcn, and a large Nrfwfoundlaad dog 
as a ]ilayiuate forhiis little <Mie.«. It wa.s v.jt known until lately 
that tlie dog liad any otlier merits than a doggii^li attachiuent 
to the family, a kinil. jAayful <!isiio.sitinn and a good aiJiu'titc. 
The lawyer has a near neighbor whose wife is aHccted with a 
mild type of insanity. 'J'lie poor woman vas .-upjiosed to I.e 
perfectly liarmK.ss. and was an object of niou'ul'ul interest 
in the neighhorliood, and lior vagaries sometimes amused the 
children. One day wdien the lawyer was at lirs otfice, and Ills 
wife was on' shopping, and the children, loft in charge of the 
nunse-uiil. were romping with the dog, there was a violent 
1<noeking at the door, which startled the wliole house. The 
nur.se-girl went to the door, and the children crowded around 
lier; and the dog was there too. with an e.xpnwsion of interest 
on his countenance. 

When the door was o;u;ned the insane woman forced her 
way into the room, looking very mucii excited. She talked 
loudly anil looked wild, and was evidently raving mad. 'J'lie 
dog knew her; and appearing also to kntiw that there was 
something wrong on foot, he crowded in between the aftVighted 
children and the visitor, and commenced barking. The nurse- 
,cirl, not being .llarnied, told liim to 'got out. The maniac 
woman, it seems, took the rcnuirk as addressed to her, .seized 
the girl by the hair, and dragged her down, and fintdly clutched 
her throat, and commenced stramrling hiT. The girl was 
powerless in the hands ol' the <losperate maniac, anil the 
children ran .screaming. The dog, not liking the course 
matters had taken. S|irang at the mad woman with open jaws, 
and fastened upon her. She loosened her hold on the jirostrato 
girl, and made her way lo the door in charge of the dog. She 
.sti^ppcd outside and the aninnd let her go. The nur.se-siirl then 
bolted tlie door; and the now doubly cm'ajzed wom.in bi-Lian to 
throw stones and break the .windows, and finally got an a.\ and 
commenced hewing down the iloor. The house was in the 
suburbs, and no policeman was near. The girl locked the 
teiTified children in a liaek room, and, leaving the doir to L'uard 
the house, w.ait out by a back door, afid h i^tened to tli • 

wver's office. 



The mad woman, hearing the children shrieking in the back 
part of the house, left the front door, and went around to the 
rear of the douse. She saw the children's faces huddled 
together in the window, and made a fre.sh attack. She broke 
the window all to pieces, and tried to get in by it; but the 
opening was a little too high, and she had no ladder. Presently 
the maniac made her way through the back door with her ax, 
and stood face to face with the dog. He lay crouching at the 
children's door, and there the lawyer found him when he came 
with a sufficient force to raise the siege. — Selected. 



JL.l<r ICE I=J^IL.J^CE- 



DURING the severe winter of 1740, Catharine, Empress 
of Russia, causeil an ice palace 10 be built for her at St. 
Petersburg. 

The dimensions of the Ijuilding wore 522 feet long, lO] feet 
wide, and 20 high. I'lverything was made of ice. Not only 
■was the palace itself but the furniture. There were ice chairs, 
ice tables and a beautiful ii-e throne. Instead of nailing the 
pieces of ice to each other, the workmen dashed water upon 
them, wliich froze and thus fastened them firmly together. 

Some water wa,s colored green, some red, and a great many 
other colors, and then frozen, and beautiful wreaths of flowers 
were Imng around the icy rooms. In the evening, when fires 
were made in the icy tireiilaces and candles burned in their icy 
candlesticks; when icy lamps hung from the icy walls, and the 
bright light shone around on the icy furniture and icy flowers, 
it was a brilliant scene. Ilie ice was clear and sparkling, like 
precious stone.s, and the i)alaee looked as if it were made of 
millions of costly diamonds. 

Before the palace stood si.\ cannons of ice, and two mortars 
formed like cast pieces. The cannons were six-pounders, which 
are commonly loaded with three ))ounds of ))owder; these, 
however, were loaded with only a quarter of a pound, and car- 
ried a ball of stiitl'ed hemp, and .sometimes of iron. The balls, 
at a distance of sixty paces, passed through a board two inches 
in thickness; the ice of the cannons could not have been more 
than three or four inches in thickness, yet it resisted the force 
of the explosion. 

Rut where was the beautiful ice palace when summer came? 
Cowjier thus beautifully describes it; — 

No forest fell 

"When thou wouldst build; but thou did.st hew the flood.s, 

And make thy marble of the glassy wave. 

Silently as a dream the fabric rose; 

iNo sound of liainmHr or saw was there; 

-lee upon ice, the well-adjusted parts 

Were soon together joined. 

Lamps gracefully disjiosed, and of all hues. 

Illumined every s'de; a watery light 

Gleamed through the cj.-ar transparency; 

Convivial table and commodious seat, 

•Sofa and couch and high-huilt throne were there. 

'Twas once a stream, and soon would glide 

Into a stream again. ( Jreat princes have great playthings. 



Of all the crimes tliat ever disgraced .society, tliat of .swearing 
admits of the least palliation. No jiossible bitnefitcan be derived 
from it; and nothing but perver.seness anil depravity of lunnan 
nature, woidd ever have suggested it; yet such is its prevalence 
that l)y many it is mistaken for a fishlonable acquirement, and 
is consideri'd by si)me as indicative of energy and decision of 
character. 





JTJ"VEin^II_,E in^STI^CUTOI^ 




-A^nsT -A. 3sr c I E nsr T lyiiiXjX.. 



PERHAPS but iew of uur readers would recognize that rude 
maehiue in our engraving a.< a grain mill, as thoi-e in 
u.se in this country are so very difierent in tlieir construction. 
In this country, if a farmer wants liis grain ground, he has 
but to haul it to a custom grist mill, where he can have it done 
to suit him, coarse or tiue, on short notice; but in olden times 
there were no custom grist mills propelled by water or steam 
power, and the mill, similar to that in the picture, was an 
indispensable article in every I'amily. 

As frequent menti<;n is made in thcBibie of the hand mill, it 
must have been in common use at a very early period, and in 
eastern countries it is still used extensivelj-. Even in thi,; 
Territory its use is not entirely unknown. We renicnibcr 





of having seen one in operation in Epliraini, Sanpete county, 
a few years since, which was very similar in appearance to 
that pictured in the engraving. 

It is made of two circular stones, about the size of our 
common grindstones, placed one above tiie other. The lower 
one is fixed so as not to ukjvc, and has a little rise towards the 
centre on the ujiper surface; the toii stone is hollowed out on 
the lower side, to fit this ri.se, and in its centre there is a round 
hole to receive the grain. In the to]) and towards the edge of 
tlie upper .stone a wooden handle is fixed, to turn it around 
with. In ancient times, in the Kast, this mill was u.sed regu- 
larly day alter day, for, as bread in that ccniiitry will continue 
good only a shctrt time, it was the custom to grind fresh flour 
and bake every day, except the Sabbatli. It was the business 
of maid-servants to grind, and so con.sidered a degrading 

nployuuMit far a man, or for a lady of rank. Sometimes one 



turned the mil] alone; but fre(iuently two were engaged at it, 
to make the work lighter. In the latter ease, they sat one on 
each side, thrusting tlie handle around continually from one 
side to the other. Thus the Savior speaks of "two women 
grinding at a mill.' As the mill was so essential to every 
family, it was forbidden to take the nether or upper mill stone 
f )r a jiledge, or for debt. 

If, in the days of her glory, we had walked along the streets 
of Jerusalem about twilight in the evening, or at dawn in the 
morning, when the sound of grinding came upon the ear from 
every ((uartcr, wc should better understand the picture of 
desolation presented by the irt-o|jhet, when he loretold that 
God would take away froui the city "the voice of the bride- 
groom and the bride, the sound of the mil! stones, and the 
li.ffht of the candle." 



>' *»■ 



-A. rn :rjj STi^ bo^x". 



A few years ago, says a New York jiaper, a large firm in that 
city advertised for a boy. Next day the store was thronged 
with applicants, and among them came a queer-looking little 
fellow, accompanied by his aunt, in lieu of faithful parents by 
whom he had been abandoned. 

Looking at this little waif, the merchant in the store promptly 
said: "Can t take him; places all full. Besides, he is too 
small." 

"I know he is small," .said the woman; "but he is willing 
and faithful." 

There was a twinkle in the boy's eye which made the mer- 
chant think again. A partner in the firm volunteered to 
remark that he did not see why they wanted such a boy; he 
wa.sn't bigger than a pint of eider. But after consultation the 
boy was sent to work. 

A few days later a call was made on the boys in the store for 
some one to stay all night. The prompt response of the little 
fellow contrasted well with the reluctance of the others. In 
the middle of the night the merchant looked in to see if all was 
right in the store, and discovered his youthful juotege busy 
scissoring labels. 

"What are you doing," said he; "I did not tell you to work 
nights. ' ' 

"I know that y<iu did not tell me so, but I thought that I 
might as well be doing .something." 

In the morning the ca.shier got orders to "double that boy's 
wages, for he was willing." 

Only a few weeks elaijscd before a sliow of wild beasts i)assed 
through the streets, and, very naturally, all hands in the store 
rushed out to witness the spectacle. A thief saw his oppor- 
tunity, and entered in the rear to seize .s<jnietliing, but, in a 
twinkle, found himself seized by the diminutive clerk aforesaid, 
and, after a struggle was captured. Not only was a robbery 
jirevented, but the valuable articles which had been taken from 
other stores were recovered. When (|uestioned by the mer- 
chant why he stayed behind to watch, the re])ly was: "You 
never told me to leave the store when others were absent, and 
I thought I'd stay." 

In ISGtJ that boy was receiving a salary of |2,5il(l and is now 
a partner in the estiiblishment. — [Scledcd. 



Fl.KTCiiEK, bishoii of Nemses, was the son of a tallow- 
chandler. A great duke once tried to mortify the prelate by 
.saying to him, at the king's levee, that he smelt of tallow. 
The bisho)) rejilied: "My lord, 1 am the son of a chandler, it is 
true, and if your lordshi|i had been the same, you would have 
remained a cliandler all the days of your lite. 





46 



J TJ ^ E n^ I Xj E I3SrSTI?.TJOTOI^ 




m,neril0le*$ 0J| painters. 

MTCHAEL-ANGELO BUONAROTTI. 

{Continued.) 
From Chamhers' Miscellany. 




MICHAEL'S deagn was magnificent. When lie showed it 
to the pope, liis liohness inquired the cost of such a splen- 
did work. Michael answered that it would amount to a 
hundred thousand crowns; and the jiope liberally gave him 
permission to ox|)end twice that sum. The mausoleum was 
commenced; Toi)e Julius was so delighted with it, that he had 
a covered way from his palace erected, that he might visit tlie 
artist at his work incognito. This was too great a favor not to 
excite the envy of a court. Ill words and mikind slanders were 
spoken of Michael. They reached the pope's ear, as it was 
intended, and he visited Buonarotti no more. Michael came 
to the Vatican, whidi had been at all times open to him: but 
it was not so now. A groom of the chamber stop])ed liis 
entrance. 

"Do you know to whom you si)eak?" asked the indignant 
painter. 

"Perfectly well," said the man; "'and I only do my duty in 
obeying the orders my master has given." 

"Then tell the pope," replied Michael, "if he wants me, he 
may come and seek nie elsewhere himself." 

The insulted artist returned immediately to his house, ordered 
his servants to sell his furniture, and follow him to Florence; 
and left Rome that very night. Great was the jiope's conster- 
nation. Couriers wore immediately sent after Michael. But 
it was too late; he had already jiassed the boundary of the 
pope's jurisdiction, and force was of no avail. The couriers 
reached Florence, and delivered the pope's letter. Michael's 
answer was this: "I have been expelled from the ante-chamber 
of your holiness without meriting disgrace; therefore I have 
left Rome to preserve my reputation. I will not return as 
your holiness commands. If I have been deemed worthless 
one day, how can I be valued the next, except by a cajirice 
alike discredita})le to the one who .shows it and the one towards 
whom it is shown?' ' 

Julius next wrote to the govemment of Florence, using these 
conciliatory words: "We know the humor of men like Michael- 
Angelo. If he will return, wo promise that none .shall offend 
him or interfere with him, and he .shall be reinstated in our 
apostolic grace." But Michael was inflexible. Again and 
again the pope wrote, and still this proud and high-spirited 
man refused to heed him. At la<t the chief magistrate of 
Florence became alarmed. He .sent for the artist, and said: 
"You have treated the pope as the king of France himself 
would not have dared. We cannot bring him to war against 
the state on your account; therefore you must obey his will." 
The magistrate promised also, if Miithael feared for his personal 
safety, to send him as ambas.sidor to Rome, in which case his 
person would be inviolable. At last Michael relented and met 
the iiopc at Bologna. Julius glanced at him with displeasure, 
and did not for some time deign to speak. At last he said: 
"Instead of your coming to us, you seem to have cxiiected that 
we should wait upon you." 

Michael an.swered with a slight apology for his conduct, 
which, however, was so haughtily exi)ressed, that a prelate, 
who had introduced him, thought it ncces.saryto observe, "One 



must needs make allowance for such men, who are ignorant of 
everything except their art. " 

Wise, and generous too, was the pope's indignant reply to 
this speech. He turned to the prelate: "Foolish man, it is 
thou who hast vilified Michael-Angelo; I have not. He is a 
man of genius, and thee an ignorant fellow. Depart from my 
sight this moment. ' ' And the contemner of art was forcibly 
driven from the room. 

Michael- Angelo's first commission after this was a statue of 
Pope Julius. It was the work of sixteen months, and worthy 
of Michael's genius. But its fame was short; in a popular riot 
this statue was thrown down, dragged through the streets, and 
broken to jiieees, in contempt of the pontiff whom it repre- 
sented. The heail alone was preserved by the Duke of Ferrara. 
After Michael had completed this statue, he returned to Rome, 
and again set to work on the mausoleum. But Julius had 
changed his mind, and determined to build the Sistine 
Chapel, to the memory of his uncle, Sixtus IV. This chapel 
Michael was to adorn with fresco ])aintings. His first attempt 
.showed how universal were his jiowers of mind. He began to 
paint the coiling; but the only scaffolding which the architect 
Bramante could contrive was suspended by ropes passed through 
holes in the roof. Michael-Angelo asked how he was to paint 
a ceiling thus pierced with holes. Bramante could arrange no 
other plan; and Buonarotti inventeil some machinery so com- 
plete that the carpenter who made it under his direction i-ealized 
a large fortune, through Michael's generosity in allowing him 
to profit by the invention. 

In twenty months the frescos were completed, to the delighted 
wonder of his friends and the envy of his enemies; all being 
the work of Michael-Angelo' s own hand, unassisted by any one. 
The i)0]ie had almost daily climbed to the toji of the platform 
to watch the artist's progress; and by his persuasions, IMichael 
took down the scaffolding almost before the fre.seos were finished. 
Crowds of the learned rushed to the building to see this won- 
derful work. But when the pope had gratified his impatience 
by viewing the painted ceiling from below, he began U) wish 
for more ornaments on the drajiory of some figures — more 
gilding and show. But Michael's reproof was not long wanting. 

"I have painted," said he, "men who were poor, nor wished 
for riche.s — holy men, to whom gold was an object of contempt. 
I will add nothing." 

The Sistine Chajiel was ]iiibli(tly opened on All-Saint's Day 
1.'J12. From that time to the present, Michael-Angelo's frescos 
have been acknowledged the most glorious triumidi of art in 
any age. They consist of a .series of colossal paintings, dc.scrii>- 
tive of the progress of the Christian religion from the creation 
of the world until the last judgment of all men. To particu- 
ularize them is imjio.'^sible; and their praise has been a univei- 
.sal theme. Most of them are painted on the arched ceiling; 
and it is said that many figures were executed by the artist lying 
on his back on a heap of cu.shions, this being the only position 
in which he could reach them. 

To BK Continued. 



0.">iE having precious stones may fla.sh a moment's admiration 
upon s])ectators. but good nature brings hajipiness to .scores and 
hundreds, and the best of it is, that it takes nothing from the 
l)Ossessor. 



Falsehood, like poison, will generally be rejected when 
administered alone; but when blended with whole.some ingre- 
dients, may be swallowed unperceived. 





J"TJ^E3SriI_,E IITSTI^TJGTOI^ 



4z7 




ificHtipit^ anil ^nsiiTer^ 

OIsT THE BIBLE. 



HISTORY OF MOSES CONTINUED. 




LESSOK" LIV. 

Q. — What was the name of the sea through which Moses brought 
Israel? 

A— The Red Sea. 

Q.— What was the nsme of the jilaee they M-ent out into? 

A. — The wilderness of Shiir. 

Q. — How many days did they travel in the Aviklerness? 

A. — Three days. 

Q.— During that time what was it th.ey could not find? 

A. — Water. 

Q. — What jilace did they come to, that they could not drink of 
the water? 

A.— Marah. 

Q. — Why could thej' not drink the waters. 

A. — Because they were bitter. 

Q,— What did the people do? 

A. — They murmured against Moses. 

Q.— What did Moses do? 

A. — He cried unto the Lord. 

Q. — What aid the Lord then show unto Moses? 

A. — A tree. 

Q. — What was done with the tree? 

A. — It was cast into the waters. 

Q.— What etfect did this have? 

A. — The waters were made sweet. 

Q. — What promise did the Lord then and there make to the 
children of Israel if they kept his comniaiidments? 

A. — That they should not have the diseases that he had brought 
upon the Egyptians. 

LESSON T.v 

Q. — What place did the children of Israel next come to? 

A. — Elim. 

Q. — How many welN of water wire lljere at Elim? 

A.— Twelve. 

Q. — How many palm trees? 

A. — Three score and ten. 

Q. — Where did the children of Israel encamp? 

A. — "By the waters.'' 

Q. — What was the next place the children of Israel came to? 

A. — The wilderness of Sin. 

Q.— What did they do there? 

A. — They murmured against Moses and Aaron. 

Q. — Why did they murmur against them? 

A. — Because they had brought them from a land of plenty into 
the wilderness and they were sufiering from hunger. 

Q.— What did the Lord say unto Moses? 

A. — "Behold, I will rain bread from heaven for you." 

Q. — What did tin' i.,ord ^end in the evening to feed the children 
of I.srael. 

A.— Quails. 

Q. — How were tlic (piails sent? 

A.— They came up, and covered the camp. 

Q. — Where was the brrad found? 

A.— On the eround. 

Q. — What time in the day? 

A. — In the morning. 

Q.— What was it like? 

A. — A small round thing. 

Q._\Vliat did tin' children of Israel call it? 

A. — Manna. 

Q.— How much were they to gather at a time? 

A.— Only what they needud for the morning. 



03Sr THE 

Booic OE ny: o i^ im: o IT . 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 



LESSON HV. 

Q.— How many Amlicites were slain in this battle? 

A. — Twelve thousand five hundred and thirty-two. 

Q.— How many Nephites were killed? 

A. — Six thousand five hundred and sixty-two. 

Q. — After the Nejihites could no longer pursue the Amlicites 
what did they do? 

A. — They pitched their tents. 

Q.— Where did they do this? 

A. — In the valley of Gideon. 

0. — From whom did this valley take its name? 

A. — From Gideon who was slain by Nehor. 

Q.— What did Alma do? 

A. — He sent spies to follow the Amlicites. 

Q.— What for? 

A. — To discover their plans that they might not surprise and 
destroy the Nephites. 

Q. — Who were sent'as spies? 

A.— Zeram, Amnor, Manti, and Limher and their men. 

Q. — What came to pass on the morrow? 

A. — They returned in great haste. 

Q.— What did they say? 

A. — That in the land of Minon above Zarahemla there was a 
numerous host of Lamanites, and the Amlicites had joined with 
them. 

Q.— What did the Am'icites then do? 

A. — They fell ujion the Nephites in that land. 

Q.— What did the latter do? 

A. — They fled with their flocks and herds toward the city of the 
Nephites. 

LE.SKON LV. 

Q. — What did Alma and those who were with him do, when 
they heard this? 

A. — They took up their tents and departed towards their city. 

Q. — What was the name of their city? 

A. — Zarahemla. 

Q. — As they were crossing the river Sidon what happened? 

A. — A eonrbined army of Amlicites and Lamanites came upon 
them to destroy them. 

Q. — How many were there of this combined army? 

A. — They were as numerous, as it were, as the sands upon the 
sea-shore. 

Q. — What w;is the result of the conflict? 

A. — The Lord gave tlie Nephites strength; and their enemies 
fell befm-e them. 

Q. — Who fought face to face during this engagement? 

A. — Alma and Amlici. 

Q.— What did Alma do? 

A. — He called upon the Lord to give him strength. 

Q. — Did the Lord answer his prayer? 

A. — Yes; and Alnui slew Amlici with thi^ sword. 

Q. — Who else did he contend with? 

A. — The king of the Lamanite=. 

Q.— With what result? 

A. — The king of the Laanmites lied, but sent his guards to con- 
tend with Alnni. 

C^.— What did Alma and hisginirds do? 

A. — They drove back and slew the guards of the king of the 
Lamanites. 

Q. — What did Alnnt do with the dead bodies of the Lainanites? 

A. — He threw them into the river Sidon. 





4:8 



>JTJ^E!ISriLE in^STI^/TJGTOI^ 




Ts:.A.isrK:s if-oi^ the s^bb^^th: sohiooxj. 

(Ti;x"; — ^.'.-7'' nr>' fJie /V'-s".-;' /;) M >i- v')>i 'I" Pa^' —F.-rii R,;'i- Cady^ S'>:t_j Mf.-iimjfr.) 



AViKii^ r.v AVm. Wii.T.ES 




jiiy of tlio S:4'iljaMi iSclioiil tln-nns. 



-1 p "^ 1= 1 ■ ~- — I ^ — I a» '• • — I — ^ — ^1 — a — 

; ! '-- — ;— — — !* — g — • — ^--is - -^ I I — , '. ^ i^ 



m «# rf_ 



i Great 1)0 tlio iiViry of 

__ — ^^ — ^ — ^ — — - — ~M' — js 



tlinse w^o fl > riiilit.Wli 



iivor ■ )T)i(' 









:«« iB Sp_ 



OTll, 111 



troivl take do - lidit 



1 ^ ! ' >- 1 — \ — J — 



Kciw ill til'- inoiir.no; '.f life li'i u^ try 
Virtue to clii-ri^li, ;i!l vice to deciy; 

Strive with tlie nolile in (leeds'tliat ex.iU; 

Buttling with, energy each childish fault. 



May we enileavor tliro' life'? di^yiou w:\v 
To wateh and be- folier, true wisdom display, 

That we may n'orcnme eaeli temptation and snare; 

The gospel's salvation eternally share. 



The Ir'iX Ij\NCK'01.' MAitTlNIQlE. — The I,;:;h' ni' the heiiil- 
tifiil Island of Martiiiiiiue is a serjieiif called tlin "i|-oii lance. " 
This re|itilc. witli vcnonioii.s taste, dm-iscs the coii'.e-;t and iiiri t 
ilcliLditlul jilace.s in tlie sjarden for its retreat; it is lit'r.illy at 
the ri k of one's life that one lies down on tlie ftra ;s, or even 
takes a rest in an arl)Or. Tiio Wtiund inflicted hy these .siTp nts 
is very apt to lie fatal unless iinniediat'y cared fir. The whole 
i.slaiid is infested witli this danjjcrous rcjitile. ;iii 1 it is .s.iiil that 
(111 an average nearly eight hundred ]ier.soiis an^ bitten every 
year, e'" \vhoiii from sixty to seventy ca.ses iirove fata!, while 
many uliers result in nervous disea.se.-; which are almost as had 
as death. A few years ago, wlieii I'riiiee Artlinr of England 
visited this ishiiid, a grand fete was given in his honor in the 
.Tardiii des I'lantes. In tUe evening the grounds were heauti- 
fully illuniiiialed, and tlioiisands of people sauntered through 
its cool and shady avenues, A great riunilier were liitten hy 

till' "iron lance" 1 many of them never recovered from tlie 

effects of the jioison. The fondness of this terrihie rejitile for 
coot and .shady places is a .serious drawback on tlie jileasure of 
ranibliiig througli tlie charuiiiig groves of Martiiiiipie. A rest 
on the grass under tlie shadow of some spreading tree is always 
haunted by the dread of unseen dangers, and one cannot even 
cro.ss a field without exel■ei,^illL' extreme caution. 



oh:^k.^X)1i!. 



r.y A. ir. r. 



\\\ roiii]io-<ed of Id letters: 

My 1, .0, 10, 7, is a beautiful flower. 

My 2, 0, S, 10, 7, is a useful animal. 

My 4, .''i, 10, 7, is tlio organ of one of the five senses. 

My 1, li, •'!, 4. 7, is a river in Eurojie. 

IMy 10, 4, o, 4. 7, is a river in I^nnco. 

My 7, fi, "J, •'■), is a canyon in Utah. 

My whole is one of the largest animals in existence. 




A ri.K.Mt head maktw .sure work. 



crxj-^rEisriLEi insrsT:E?.TJOTo:E^ 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERT OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE O CANN ->N, EDITOR it PUBLISHER. 

TERMS IN ADVANCE 
Single Copy, per Annum - - $2 00. 
j^Office in rear of General Tithing Office Building, Corner 
South and East Temple Streets, Salt Lake City, Utah. 

All Communications to this O.rice .should be directed, 
'Editoii JuvF.yu.R Instructor." 




