
VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CiTY, SA'IUKDAY, APRIL 24, 18G9. 



NO. 9. 



THIE] C^I^IsTT CITIES OIP BJ^^SH^lSr. 



••11 



HAA''ING ended our flying visit to Betlilcbcm we will now 
return to our course up the Jordan, but on our way will 
first step aside and take a passing glance at the ruins of some 
of the cities that lie a short distance from its eastern banks, 
once the home of the Amorites, afterwards the heritage of 
Mana'^;e!i. 

When I-rael, under Moses, advanced iiito Canaan they were, 
at one time opposed by Og, king of Bashan; but "the Lord 
said un'o Moses, Fear him not; for I have delivered him unto 
thy hand, and all his people and his land." So the childien of 
Israel went 
forward to the 
battle "and 
smote him 
[( )g) and his 
sons and all 
h i s people, 
until there 
were none left 
him alive; and 
theypos-;esfed 
his land," atd 
"took all his 
cities at that 
time" even to 
the number of 
sixty and "all 
these cities 
were fenced 
with high 
walls, gatts 
and bars;" 
and also a 
great number 
f unwalk'd 
cities. It Imi 
view of one of 
tliese great 
cities of Ba- 
shan that lies j.bout fifty miles cast of the Eivcr Jordan, whicli 
we present on this j^iigc. It is as it appears to-day, partly in 
ruitis, and is now called Hosrah. 

Tlii.'s king of Bas lan, who was slain by the Israelites, the 
Bil le nforn s us was a gian'.. llis bedstead is said to 
have been of iron, "nine cubits was the length thereof, and 
four cubits iho breadth thereof, afl(!r the culjit of a man." 
There appear to have been quite a number of giants living in 
Ca laan in those days; for the men, who were sent by Moses to 




spy out the land, returned to him with terrible stories of the 
size of the inhabitants of ihose parts, and compared themselves 
to prasshoppers by the side of them; but there is no doubt, 
their fears made them greatly exaggerate the stature of these 
people. 

The country where Og and his people dwelt was famed for 
its splendid pasture land and its fine breed of cattle. Who has 
not heard of the bulls of Bashan? And when the conquered 
land of promise was divided amongst the twelve tribes, these 
parts fell to the half tribe of Mauasseh, who pirmitted the 

remnants o f 
the former in- 
habitants f 
the land to 
s'iil ali'de in 
their midst 
Little i s re- 
curded of tliis 
section of the 
country in the 
sacred history, 
but doubtless 
from being on 
the eastern 
frontier of the 
country of the 
Hebrews it was 
often subjected 
to the depre- 
dations of the 
ne igh boring 
nations, and 
was overrun 
by the forces 
(if the Chal- 
deans, Baby- 
lonians and 
others. In 
modern times 

t'lLM-e is searci'iy any purlion uf tlie world about which less is 
known than Bashan, near as it he^ to the cities of the Holy 
Jiand and to the constant stieuni of travel between Europe and 
the Indies. This arises from the fact that it is infested by 
lawless bands of Urdouin A abs, whose hands are against every 
nuin who comes within their rearli, and who live by rapine and 
jilundei-. Thus searci ly any tiaveler dares penelrate into these 
[larts, and these cities are, as Ciod p'Oelainied throu,'h the 
Prophet Isa'ah, they should be'Svasted without inhabitant, and 



I 



=^^^^^: 



>^ 




0" TJ "V" E n^ I Ij E IlsTSTI^TJOTOI^, 




the houses without man, and the land be utterly desolate, and 
the Lord hath removed men far awaj', and there be a great for- 
saking in the midst of the land." 

There is one ctirious characteristic about the fifty or sixty 
cities that still stand on the land of Bashan, they appear as if 
they had been built to last for ever. There are not a few 
mounds, like as at Ninevah or Babylon to mark their site, but 
many of the walls, columns, rooms, doors and other jjarts of the 
bvdldings appear as perfect as when first built. 

A recent traveler says that at Salcah — a city mentioned in 
the thirteenth chapter of the book ot Joshua, as being taken 
"by the Israelites; — though long deserted, j-et as nearly as he 
could estimate, five hundred of its houses are still standing, 
and "that three or four hundred families might settle in it at 
any moment without laying a stone, or expending an hour in 
labor or repairs. ' ' The reason why these buildings have stood 
so many thou-and years, almost defying the ravages of time 
and decay, appears to be that strength and security were the 
grand requisites aimed at by the builders. The buildings are 
simple in style, composed of ponderous blocks of roughly hewn 
rock, with massive walls and heavy slabs for ceilings. The 
walls, the roofs, but especially the ponderous gates, doors and 
bars are indicative of a time when giants were masons, for such 
tradition asserts, and the Scriptures implj' were the builders of 
Bosrah and her threescore sister cities. 

How many changes have these deserted cities seen? First, 
their giant builders, in the daj's when the waters of the flood 
had scarcely dried; next their Hebrew conquerors, who dedi- 
cated their buildings to the service of the true God, to be fol- 
lowed in a few hundred j-ears by the refined Greeks, then over- 
ran by the all-conquering llomans, whose temples are again 
changed by Christian worshipers to Christian churches; then 
came the Saracen, with the crescent and the creed ol Mahomet, 
and, last of all, Turkish desolation has covered them, and the 
word.s of the prophet are fulfilled, their landisa desolation and 
no man dwells within them. G. R. 



For the Jui'cnile Instructor. 



%i%%u miiiu. 



1? 



LITTLE WILLIE GROWN TO MANHOOD. 



CHAPTER X 




^TTILLIE vi.sited a village named SpofTorth, and walked 
tT thrnugli the streets watchinz for an opportunity to in- 
troduce hini<ilf to the people, and to preach tlie gospel to 
them. He felt very undecided as to what would be the best 
course to piirsuc, finally he was impressed to stand in the mid- 
dle of the street, and read aloud the hymn commencing, 

"I saw a miE-litv ani;pl fly, 

To earili hi' hciit liis way, 

A iiu's^a.'e lii':irin'.i IVoin on high 

To cheer the sons of d^iy." 

Willie carried out the impression, overcime Iiis diffident 
feelings and road the hyu)n as loudly as possible. The people 
piithorfd around, and lu<iked at liim in great astonishment. 
Wlicn he had di)iie reading the hymn, he boriowod an old chair, 
stepped on to it, and prcaclied to tho.^e who had gathered to 
listen. The Lord iioured out his spirit upon him, insomuch 



that he felt astonished at the freedom with which lie was able 
to speak. 

When Willie closed his remarks, a preacher from the Metho- 
dist congregation came to the chair, asking many questions, and 
ofiered some opposition. Willie in his simple, boyish style an- 
swered the questions to the satisfaction of a majority of the 
audience, and through the blessing of God, many friends were 
raised up, who administered to his wants. 

At the close of the short debate, a Methodist class-leader in- 
vited Willie to accompany him home to take supper with him. 

Soon after this Willie visited SpoflTorth again. He found an 
increased amount ol prejudice among some of the people. The 
ministers were united in persecuting the Saints and opposing 
the truth. 

It was night. Willie was very tired and hungry, had walked 
all day without food. In this condition ho called upon nine 
difi'erent families and asked for lodgings, but none were willing 
to entertain him. 

One old lady enquired if Willie was hungry. He told he 
was. She then sot a bowl of milk and some fruit pie before 
him, and said "eat quickly, for if the minister passes while you 
are here we shall lose our farm." In a few minutes Willie 
did justice to the pie and milk, bade the kind lady good bye, 
and left in haste. 

Most of the land in the neighborhood of Spofforth was owned 
by a nobleman, whose tenants were told that, if they entertain- 
ed the Jlormon Elders, they would be turned from their 
farms. 

Alter leaving Spofforth, Willie's path led through the fields. 
He walked a ong in silence, pondering over his condition. The 
following words of our Savior occurred to his mind: "The foxes 
have holes, and the birds of the air have nests, but the Son of 
Man hath not where to lay his head." Those words comlorted 
him, and he felt to rejoice in being a servant of God and in 
being counted worthy to sufl'er for the truth's sake. 

The song of night came on, the song of the birds, and the 
busy din of day had ceased. The dim light of the stars was 
the only light to cheer his way. On he traveled till he came to 
a small hill, and being foot weary he sat down to rest near a 
thorn hedge. He soon became sleepy, placed his portmanteau 
under his head for a pillow, and, like Jacob, stretched himse f 
upiin the grass. After sleeping sometime, in turning over he 
rolled down into the bottom of the hedge among the thorns, 
Willie then woke, rose to his feet and traveled on. 

About two or three hours before day dawned he came to an 
unoccupied stable, or rather, only occupied by rats and mice. 
Heie he took shelter from the cold, laid himself down on the 
rock pavement, used his portmanteau as before, and went to 
sleep. His sleep was soon disturbed by the rats and mice run- 
ning over his person; not even excepting his face. Unconsci- 
ously he would occasionally raise his hands to brush them off. 
Still thev persisted in their rudeness, increasing their annoy- 
ance until Willie was sufficiently awake to be sensible of his 
condition, when, without ceremony, he left. Wm. W. B. 

C7'o be Continued ) 



T h: E 



For the Juvenile Jnsti-uctor. 

BJLSi3:i:K:o3sr-A.-z". 



Do my little readers know what a Bashikonay is? 
wi 



AVell I 
ill ti:Il you. It is a species of ant found in Africa. 
Rather a big name for so small an insect, you think; but this 
ant, ab'iut which I am going to tell you, is much larger than 
any we see in America. It is about half an inch long, and 
some are found of twice that length. It is a cause of fear to 




J- TJ "sT E] IN- X L E I IsT S T I5.TJ O T O I^. 




tlie people of Africa; and not only to the people, but all living 
creatures from tlie elephant down to the smallcsit insect live in 
dread of it. 

They form themselves info great armies and march through 
the country in military order, and every living thing has to 
give way before them. They march in columns about two 
inches broad and often miles in length. Larger ants are ranged 
all along each side of the columns as though they were sentinels 
placed there to guard the rest and give notice of the approach 
of foes. They cannot bear the heat of the sun, and cohtc- 
quently their hne of march is generally through forests and the 
more timbered parts of the country. If, while they are on the 
march, they come to an open place between two forests, rather 
than pass over in the heat of the sun, thoy will dig a passage 
four or five feet underground and thus pass through to the 
other side. In crossing streams they generally select a place 
where the branch of a tree reaches nearly across. When 
the foremost reaches the end of the branch, the .second ant 
grasps with his fore-claws the hind-claws of the first and, hold- 
ing him tight, lowers him down, while the next ant behind 
grasps the second, and so on until a column is formed long 
enough to reach to the other side. Several columns like this 
are placed side by side until a bridge is formed wide enough 
for the remainder to pass over. Thus they maintain their 
position until all are across, when they take up their line of 
march with the rest as before. A well known traveler once 
saw a column of these Bashikonays marching through the 
country, and they were twelve hours in passing the place from 
where he wa'ched them. When they enter villages the inhab- 
itants flee before them; and when thoy are thus left masters 
they eat up all the rats, mice and insects in the place, and 
when the people return they find their houses entirely rid of 
these pests. If the carcase of an antelope or elephant is found 
on their line of march, it is devoured in a few hours and noth" 
ing left but the bones. Even snakes of the largest and most 
venomous kinds are often attacked by them. Ihey never eat 
herbs or any vegetable matter, but live entirely upon the^esh 
of animals and insects; and these slain by their own b.avery. 
In attacking a man, it is said, they literally cover him f, om 
head to foot and "bite through his garments into the flesh 
beneath. To pull them off is impossible, fcr they will never 
let go their grip until they have bitten off the flesh; but rather 
suffer their bodies to be torn in two. Yet, withal, these insects 
are useful. Africa, it is said, would be almost uninhabitable 
without them; for they kill and destroy all kinds of insects that 
would he a pest to tho country and inhabitants, if allowed to 
live and increase. Rajitilv. 



For the Juvenile Instructor, 



€l§0mfelrft ol ^ammott ®|lttD$, 



EXjElVEEn^TS 




HITREETO the first principles, or elementary constituents, 
of substances have only been alluded to when necessary 
to show the composition of bodies. The young reader, for 
whom these articles are chiefly intended, has had his attention 
drawn to some of the truths of Chemistry without being troub- 
led to make acquaintance with the elements of that science. 
But the object has wholly been to impart information with a 
view to create a taste for investigation. 



To receive information in this way is something like learning 
to read without learning one's letters; for the elements of things 
bear a similar relation to substano?s that letters do to words 
There is, however, this difference in favor of the letters of 
chemistry: there is never any uncertainty as to the meaning, 
which cannot be said of ordinary alphabets. The letter O 
always means oxygen, H hydrogen, N nitrogen, C carbon; 
which are each simple elements or letters. 

The reason why they are said to be simple elements is that 
by no means with which chemists are at present acquainted can 
they be proved to be compounds; future research may discover 
otherwise. Should this be the case, it will not affect chemistry 
as a reliable science. For instance: water, the expression for 
which in chemical language is no (hydrogen and ox3'gen,) will 
still continue to be composed of the same particles whatever 
we may call them. The same may be said of other substances; 
the constituent particles will be the same. 

Of course, when water or any other body is represented by 
letters, the letters are mere symbols representing the elements 
of which the body is composed. Generally the initial or first 
letter of the element is used. Thus, represents oxygen, C 
carbon, etc. Sometimes the elements have Latin names, in 
which case the initial, and sometimes the final or other letter, 
is used. For instance: iron is ferrum, its symbol is Fe; lead is 
plumbum, its symbol is Pb. In the next article a list of the 
most important elements will be given, which, if attention be 
paid to it, will greatly f^icilitate the further acquirement of 
knowledge; many of these are already familiar to the young 
student. Afterwards each element will be spoken of in expla- 
nation, so that the nature of "common things" may be better 
understood in a chemical sense. 

It does not appear that the ancients understood the word 
"element" in the way we do, for they considered that there 
were only four elements, earth, air, fire and water. It is prob- 
able they meant the various /o?-;hs which matter assumes rather 
than the essence or nature of substances. Thus, by earth they 
meant solid matter; by air, matter in a state of gas, or of va- 
por; by water, liquid; by fire they may have meant what we call 
caloric or the matter of heat. As we advance we shall find in 
this sense all material substances occur under some one or 
more of these forms. 

By the term element is meant in chemical language a sul> 
stance entirely of one kind. Such may be found in nature oc- 
casionally as iron, lead, copper, gold, sulphur, etc. Iron may 
be fused and brought into the condition of earth; but it is still 
iron; although in union with oxygen. Lead may be united with 
oxj'gen; but it is still lead. Sulphur may be burnt when it 
combines with oxygen, in which state it is called sulphuric acid 
or vitriol; but it is still sulphur. Elements may be united with 
one another in various ways, but they still remain the same 
simple first principles of substances ready to be brought back 
again into their elementary form. Pass some steam through 
a red hot gun barrel, the oxygen unites with the red hot iron to 
form an oxide of iron; the hydrogen is set free and passes out 
of the gun barrel. Burn the hydrogen collected and it unites 
itself again to the proper proponion of oxygen and forms water. 
Here we see that tho elements remain the same notwithstand- 
ing their intimate union; it is so in all cases whore the simple 
elements arc united, they are changed only inform, their nature 
or essence is tlie same. Although it is possible that some tf 
the assumed elements of Chemistry may prove to be com- 
pounds, as we shall .see the reasonableness of in our enquiries, 
all substances incapable of further separation or decompositiou 
by chemical means are considered simple. Beth. 

( To III' Continual.) 




The active tool never gets rusty. 




<^) 68 



CTTJ'VEItTZI-jE I2<TSTi:^TJOTOI^. 



"^^i 




GEORGE Q. C^V]V]VOiV, : ET>ITOK. 

SATURDAY, APRIL 24, ISr.O. 



A TRIP TO CALIFORNIA. 



CHAPTER IX. 



SMITH'S company soon learned that there was to he a change 
in our plan of travel, and that if they traveled in our 
company they must follow our lead. You may be sure that 
some of them sneered at the idea of the "Mormon" apostle 
leading them. They would now see how successful we should 
be in finding feed and water and a good route with an ajiostle 
to dictate. I was young and inexperienced then, and did not 
realize, as I have since, the responsibility which Brother Rich 
felt. When Smith was on the lead nobody blamed him if we 
did not mak • much proeress or did not find feed or wnter; but 
with Bro. Rich it was ditferent. These men would not acknow- 
ledge that he had any more authority or knowledge than they 
had, yet they expected more from him than they did from one 
of themselves. In their hearts they felt there was an authority 
which their mouths denied. 

As if to test our fai'h, the next day's travel was a hard one. 
We struck for the low lands, anl it was fortunate for us that we 
had followed Bro. Rich's counsel in taking with ijs all the water 
we could carry, (which, however, was not nmch,) for though we 
found excellent grass for the animals where we stopped an hour 
about sun-set, we traveled until ten o'clock in ths evening with- 
out finding either water or grass, and, being tired out, were 
compelled to camp. 

Before daylight we were stirring. Bro. Rich and two or three 
of us shouldered our rifles and started out ahead on foot. We 
did not cat anytliing, thinking we should not be so likely to get 
thirsty. To the westward of where we were we saw a number 
of ridges or hills rising su idenly out of the valle3'. By aseeml 
ing them we hoped to bo able to see where we could find water. 
But, though we climbed several, we werj disappointed. The 
prospect was dreary. As far as the eye could reach, there was 
a desert on everj- side of ui. There was a range of mountains 
lying to the westward, where we thought it likely we .should 
find water; but they were far distant, and as there was no sign 
of water that we could discover this side of them, it became a 
((uestion of some anxiety wliether we and our animals could 
hold out to reach th. m. We h id nothing but our canteens to 
carry our water in, and our supply was already exhausted. 

We had kept ahead of the company through the foiciionn. 
By one or two o'clock in the afternoon we began to feel faint 
for the want of food. From the top of the last ridge or hill 
which we climbed we saw the company winding along in the 
distance, and we took our bearings .so as to meet them. About 
the time we joined them, which was in the middle of the after 
noon, a sprinkle of rain commenced to fall; .aid, as it fortunately 
happened, we found a small patch of grass. The animals were 
both huncrj- and thirsty, ami as thi.s wet gras.s was what they 
wanted. Brother Hich had the coinpany stop fur awliile. He 
and those of us v/ho iiad walked ahead with him, had been 
without food about twenty-four hours, and traveling as we had, 
you may well suppose that we were ravenously hungry. An 
invitation, therefore, from him, to eat some hard bread, which 
be had got off his pack mule, was gratefully accepted, regard- 



less of the thirst which oppressed us. I have always given 
him the credit since of furnishing me the best meal that I ever 
partook of. 

An hour had scarcely passed before the small, scattering 
drops of rain became a regular shower. Then wo resumed our 
journey. I rode on horseback, and I turned up the rim of my 
hat, and made itsimething like a dish. By carrying my head 
very steady I contrived to catch some rain, to which the hat 
gave a smoky flavor; but it quenched thirst. The ground over 
which we traveled was covered with rocks; as the rain continued 
to descend it settled in the hollows wh'ich were in the surface of 
them, and from these the men soon got all they wanted to 
drink. The animals also were able to satisy their thirst from 
the puddles which covered the ground. We camped that night 
in a ravine, and cooked our supper with rain water. We did 
not Iiave many vessels that would hold w.itor; but we filled 
everything that we had; we did not suffer a drop to go to waste 
that we had any means of keeping. 

I have always believed that this shoiver of rain was sent to 
save oiu- lives. We all felt very grateful, for the providence of 
the Lord was very visible to us in this timely relief. Even 
Captain Smith deemed it providential; for he told Gen Rich 
that the finger of the Lord was in this rain. It is very proba- 
ble that some of us, and perhaps all, would have miserably 
perished in that desert if the rain had not fallen. If there was 
water near, we did not know where to look for it; there were no 
indications of its presencr- to guide us in our search for it. We 
did think we .should obtain it at the mountains west; but three 
of our men went there the next day and could not find any. 
The day was spent in searching for water. A small spring was 
at last found in the bottom to the southward of where we were. 
It was very weak, but it was thought that, by digging, we might 
obtain sufficient water for ourselves, and the animals could be 
supplied from the clay puddles near the sjiring. Had we found 
this spring before the rain fell; it would have given us very 
little relief. Its il'iw after the rain was barely .sufficient to sup- 
ply tl^ men, and thL-re would have been no water for the ani- 
mals, for it was the recent rain that had made the pools at 
wiiich they drank. 

[Tube Cunlinued) 



WORD,? FOR THE BOYS TO REMEMBER.— Liberty is 
the right to do whatever you wish, without iiitorfijring with the 
rights of other.s. 

Save your money, and you will find it most useful. 

Never give trouble to your father or mother. 

Take care of your pennies and they will grow to be dollars. 

Intempiiancc is the cause of nearly all the trouble in this 
world; beware of strong drink. 

The iioorcst boy if he be industrious, honest, and saving, 
may reach high bonor.s. 

Never be cruel to a dumb animal; remember that it has no 
power to toll bow imich it suirens. 

Honesty is always the best policy. — Selected. 



Kind hearts arc the gardens, 

Kind thoughts are the roots, 
Kind words are the blossoms, 

Kind deeds are the fruit;; 
Love is the sweet sunshine 

That warms into life; 
For only in darkness 

Grow hatred and strife. 



f^v^ 










J" TJ "V E IN" I L E] xisr &T:RU-aTOT^. 




TliB O Cri^J^3SrC3-OXJT.A.3Sr<3-. 



IN the accompanying engraving we give you a picture of one 
ol a celebrated species of nionkej's — the Ourang-Outang, 
or the far-famed "Wild Man of the Woods." You can see 
that he bears some resemblance to a wild man, and, in the 
woods, his size and the faculty which he has of running upiight 
makes the likeness mere striking. The Ourang-Outung is not 
a native of America; but is found in the most unfrequented 
ibrests in the interior of the Islands of Sumatra and Borneo 
and the peninsula of Malacca. Battel, a Portugese traveler, 
who resided in Angola, in Western Africa, nearly eighteen 
years, states that Ourang-Outangs are very common in that 
country. Of these animals he gives the following account: 

"Their bodies were cover, d, but not very thickly, with a 
dun-colored hair, and their legs were without calves. They 
always walked upright, and generally, when on the ground, car- 
ried their hands 

clasped on the ^{^ ^^ 

higher part of 
the neck. They 
always slept in 
the trees, among 
which they built 
a kind of hous- 
es, to shelter 
themselves f; om 
the weather. 
Their food was 
fruit and nuts, 
and, in no in- 
stance were they 
known to be 
carniverous, or 
flesh-eating. 
The inhabitants 
of Angola, when 
they travel in 
the woods, make 
fires around the 
places where 
they sleep, to 
keep at a dis- 
tance the vari- 
ous species of 
voracious ani- 
mals; at these 

fires the Ourang-Oufangs would assemble in the mornings, 
sitting by them till the la.st of the embers had expired. " . 

In early youth it is remarkable for its rotundity of cranium 
and height of forehead; but the.se outward marks of superior 
mental power disapijear as the anim il advances in age. They 
have arms so long that the toiis of the fingers can touch the 
ground when they stand upright; the body is covered with 
coarse reddish hair; on the head, shoulders a.id back it is thick, 
but on the fore i)art of the body is rather thin; llu! neck is 
short and thick; the voice has a peculiarly shrill and hollow 
tone; thelipsare thin and iii'otubcrunt, the ears small, the nose 
particularly flat, and the face has a bluisli cast. 

One of the most a\ithentic accounts of this animal in its 
wild state, and which at llic same time conveys a good idea ot 
its powerful frame and arboreal habits, is given by Dr. Clarke 
Abel, in the 'A-iatic Researclics, ' who describes the capture oC 
an Ourang-Oiitang on the north-west coast of Sumatra. lie 
was discovered by the company of a merchant's ship at a jilaco 
called llaiuboon; and oa the approach of the boat's crew he 



came down from a tree, and made for a clump at some distance, 
"walking erect with a waddling gait, but sometimes accelerating 
his gait with his hands, and occasionally impelling himself for- 
ward by the bough of a tree. On being driven to a small 
clump, he gained by one spring a Vi ry lofty branch, and bounded 
from one branch to another with the swiftness of a common 
monki-j", his progress being as rapid as that of a swift horse. 
After receiving five balls his exertions relaxed, and reclining 
exhausted against a branch, he vomited a quantity of blood. 
The ammunition of the hunters being by this time exhausted, 
they were oWiged to fell the tree in order to obtain him. But 
what was their surprise, to see him, as the free was f dling, 
effect his retreat to another, with seemingly undiminished 
vigor! In fact, they were forced to cut down all the trees 
before they could compel him to combat his enemies on the 
ground, and when finally overj o rercd by numbers, and nearly 
in a dying state, he seized a spear made of a supple wood, 

which Would 
have withstood 
the strength of 
the stoutest 
man, an 1 broke 
it like a reed. 
It was stifed 
bv those who 
aided in his 
death, that the 
;iun.:in-liko ex- 
pression of his 
rij u II le ij a nee, 
and his piteous 
manner of plac- 
ng his hands 
iver his wounds, 
istres.sed their 
feolinss so as 
almost to make 
them quest. (Jii 
the niture of 
the act they 
eomuiit- 
Ile was 
:"eet high, 
a broad, 
ex;) mdedchcst, 
and n a 1 r o w 
wa -t. Hi chin 

was fringed with a beard that curled neatly on c ich side, and 
formed an ornamental rat'ier than a frightful a ipcndage to his 
visage. His arms were long even in proport nn to his height, 
but his legs were much shorter. Upon the whole he was a 
wonderful boast to behold, and there was more about him to 
excite amazement than fear. His hair was smooth ind glo.ssy, 
and his whole appearance showed him to be in the i'ull vigor of 
youth anil strength." 

A fenude Ourang-Outang was brought int ■ Holland frmi 
the island of l>;irneo, and was i)laeed in the m joagerie of the 
Prince of Oraiige. She was takmi young, and on her fir.st 
arrival, she was only two feet and a half hig'i. Her appear- 
ance was somewhat mclaneholy; but she love I c nnpaiiy, espec- 
ially that of her keeper. ^\ hen left alone, she would utter 
doleful cries and throw herself on the ground as if in distress. 
Most commonly she walked on all fours, but she could 
also walk ere^t. At such times the difference between these 
creaures and man, was very easily iierceived, particularly in 
reference to the means of locomotion. Her feet wcru not usu illy 




!5?3^' 



I 



.v<^ 



0" TJ "V E IN" I H. E in^STI^TJGTOI?/ 



extended, but the toes were curved beneath in such a manner 
tliat she rested chiefly on the outer sides of her feet. Once 
she contrived to escape from her chain, and was seen to ascend 
with wonderful agiliry, the beams and oblique rafters of tlie 
building. She manifested estraordiuiry muscular power, for 
the efforts of four men were necessary to accomplish 1 er 
recapture. Two men were obliged to seize her by the legs, and 
a third by the heai], while the fourth fastened a collar round 
lier body. During the time she was at liberty she had, amongst 
other pranks, taken the cork from a bottle of Malaga, drank 
the wine to the last drop, and then returned the bottle to its 
place. 

She would cat of almost any kind of food that was given 
to her; but she lived chiefly on bread, roots and fruits. Of 
carrots and strawberries she was particularly fond; s!.e also liked 
egirs, breaking the shells with her teeth, and, then sucking out 
the contents. When strawberries were given to her on a plate, 
she would take them up one by one with a fork, and thus put 
them into her mouth, while she held the plate wiih the other 
hand. She would eat meat that was cooked, but was not fond 
of raw flc-sh. Her usual drink was water, a glass of which she 
would cany to her mouth, in the same way as a human being. 
She weu'.d also drink very eagerly all sorts of wine. 

She would jiresent her hand to conduct the people who came 
to visit her, and walk as giavely along with them as if she 
formed part of the company. She would IreiiJtntly sit with 
persons at dinner, where she would unfold her towel, wipe her 
lips, ase readily a fork or a spoon, pour her li(iuor into a glaso, 
and make it touch that of any person who drank along with her. 
When invited to take tea, she would biing a cup and saucer, 
place them on the taljle, put in sugar, peur out tea, and allow 
it to cool before she drank it. These actions were performed 
at the instigation of certain signs and words from her master, 
but sometimes they took place of her own accord. 

Whilst sl'C was on ship board, she ran freely alout the 
vessel, played with the sailors, and, like them, would go into 
the kitchen tor her mess. At the approach of night, when 
she was about to lie down, she would prepare the bed on which 
she slept, by shaking the hay, and putting it in proper order; and 
last of all wouid cover herself up warmly with a (juilt. One 
day, seeing the padlock of her chain ojjened with a key, and 
shut again, she seized a 1 ttle bit of stick, and put it into the 
key-hole, turning it about in all directions; thus trying to open 
the padlock, fcueli is an accouiit of this interesting animal, 
on authority which is above suspicion. 



THE STOK/'y OIF 

Selected from Jacob Ahhutl's Writingn, 
IcosriNUED.] 




ANDRE expected that Arnold was intending fo come down to 
the \'ulture, and have an interview with him there; but 
Arnold had no idea of exposing himself to so great a danger. 
His plan really was to bring Andre to the shore. 

Accordingly, Arnold, at the appointed time, came down to 
.Smith's house, and made an agreement with Smith to go down 
in the night to the \'ulture, and '"bring a gentleman whom he 
wished to see, ashore from tlie .sloop." The place where he 
wa-s to bring him was agreed upon. It was at the bank of the 
r.vcr, nearly oppo>ite to where the Vulture lay, hut yet a mile 
or two distant. There was a little inlet from the river there, 
where the boat could put in, and be concealed. Indeed, the 
place w,»s in all re-pec;s as retired and solitary a spot as could 
1)6 desired. Arno d was himself to go down there by land, in the 




night, at the same time that Smith went in his boat on the water. 

The plan succeeded perfectly well. Smith had some trouble 
to find oarsmen for his boat that he could rely upon, who were 
willing to go down the river with him in the night on so niys- 
tciious and possibly dangerous an expedition; but at last he 
succeeded, and as soon as night came on and the moon went 
down, he set out. It was a starlight night, and very still. 
Smith muffled the oars; and glided as noiselessly as possible out 
of the bay where his boat had been lying, and then turned 
down the river. Arnold went down along the bank of the 
river by land. He rode on horseback, and took a spare horse 
with him. 

The sentinels on board the Vulture had been instructed that 
if they saw a boat coming and making a certain signal — one 
which Arnold had previously indicated — they were to allow her 
to come alongside. Smith made the signal, ana the boat was 
accordingly permitted to come directly up to the vessel. Smith 
ascended the side, and went on board. The oarsmen remained 
in the boat. After having b 'en gone a few minutes. Smith 
came back, bringing Andre with him. Andre wore the regular 
scarlet uniform of the British ofEeers, but the uniform was 
all covered and concealed by a lon^ blue surtout buttoned up 
to the chin. 

His wearing this uniform is an important circumstance to be 
noted; for when a person belonging to the army on one side, in 
a war, is found within the lines on the other side, the question 
of his being disguised or not is a very important one in deciding 
whether he is to be hung as a spy or noL If, on the other 
hand, he wears his proper uniform openly, that would seem to 
denote that he came on some fair and honest business. 

Andre, irL point of fact, was not disgui^cd, nor did he, on the 
other hand, wear his proper uniform openly. He wore it, it is 
true, but he had covered it up with that long blue surtout. 

He followed Smith into the boat, and the men jiushed off, 
and turned the head of the boat toward the shore. 

They rowed lor about half an hour in the stiirlight, and then 
began gradually to approach the land. A man at the bows 
watched the dark and shadowy mass of trees »nd foliage that 
fringed the bank, as they glided silently along, until he found 
the entrance to the little cove, and then the boat turned in. 
S.iiith and Andre landed. Arnold was watching near, couocal- 
ed in a thicket. Smiih led Andre in, and said, 

"Here is Mr. Anderson, sir." 

Anderson was the feigned name that Andre had used in all 
the correspondence which he had with Arnold. He adopted u. 
tiik-^e name for the purpose of greater secresy. 

As soon as Smith had brought Andre and Arnold together, 
he went back to the boat, and left them to themselves. It was 
now considerably past midnight. Smith waited an hour or 
more' and then he crejit softly back to the thicket, and told Ar- 
nold that it was time to take Mr Anderson back to the sloop. 
"It will soon be morning," said he, "and then we cannot go 
back at all. There is a guard watch on the hank of the river 
all day, and if they see us going to the \'uUurc in a boat, they 
will shoot us." 

But Arnold said they had not nearly finished making their 
arrangements, and for a moment they wi^rc i)erplexed to know 
what to do. At length Arnold proposed that Andre should put 
off going back to the sloop-ofwar till t!ie next night. 

"Ijo uji the river with me," said he, "to Mr. Smith's house, 
and st.ay there to-day. That will give us plenty of time to ar- 
range our plans completely. Then to night, as soon as it is dark, 
I will send you ba"k to the vessel." 

Andre at last consented to this, though' he knew that he ex- 
posed himself to great danger by so doing. 

Arnold had his two horses with him, and he and Anderson 
mounted them and rode up the river to Smith's house. Atone 



s^^- 




13 



cr TJ "v El i<T I L El xistst:rtjgi:o:e^ 



71 



tiaie they passed a s ■ntiael. Arnold gave the isass-word, and 
the sentinel allowed them to go by. 

'■Yes," said Andre to himself, "I am fairly within the Amer- 
ican lines If I am detected I shall be hanged as a spy. But 
it is too late to repent now." So he rode on. 

A'ery soon after they reached the house, they heard the firing 
of heavy cannon down the river where the Vulture was lying. 
They were quite alarmed, and wondered what was the matter. 
It proved, in the end, that a company of men who Hved on the 
eastern bank of the river had brought a cannon to Teller's 
Point and had begun to fire upon her to drive her away. So 
the Vulture, not liking those shots, and not knowing what had 
become of Andre to prevent Ids returning at the appointed 
time, weighed anchor, and dropped down the river to a safer 
place. 

(To be Continued.) 



iiNrsTiiTOTB OIF j^jsrinycj^XjS- 



MUCH has been written and more said of the instinct or in- 
telligence of the lower order of animals, and where one 
leaves oif and the other begins, according to the ciuality or im- 
portance ot the exhibit. The fact is, that I know but little of 
it, and sometimes I think much loss, especially after witnessing 
such actions and results as are contained in this "true story." 

A gentleman (a valued friend of mine) residing in one of our 
rural villages had a pony, a lively, docile, and very active ani- 
mal, whose principal service was to carry his mistress (a niece) 
out liding eveiy fine day — her uncle riding his horse. In their 
rides they had to pass a farmhouse, just over the bridge, where 
was kept a surly cur dog, who liabitually jumped over the fence 
and barked at and worried the horses, and [larticularly the po- 
nj;, attempting to bit", his hind legs, and cau-ing him to wheel 
about and .'■(luirm about to face the dog and save his heels. 

One day the owner of the dog was spoken to and requested 
to keep his dog inside the fence, and prevent him worrying the 
horses. 

He replied "that his dog had as good a right on the road as 
any other pujjpy, and he shnuld not tic him uj)." 

"Then," said the uncle, "I'll shojt your dug next time he 
flies out at us in this way;" and so left. 

When they got home, and the saddle and bridle were taken cff 
the pony, he slippcnl away I'rom the hostler and ran up to the 
liouse, where "Bruno" — a large Newfoundland dog — was lying 
on the mat in front of the piazza. They met; pony put his nose 
down to "Bruno's," and he raised his head, as though he was 
li.stening. 

"There, look at that dog and pony," said uncle; "what under 
the sun are they al'.' Tiny act as tbou'-di tliey were talking." 

They let them alone till they got thr(Hi_'h, and pony ran abcjut 
the lawn, and would not be caught, and "Bruno' laid down 
again as before. 

Next day they rode again, prepared to .shoot the cur or scare 
him from his evil practises. A short distance from the house, 
and on turning an angle of the road, they looked back, and 
espied "Bruno'' quietiy fblluwing them. 

"This won't do, " .-^ays uncle. "Go buck, 'Bruno;' you know 
there is nobody home but your mistress, and who'll guard (he 
hiMise when you're away'.' ()o back." 

The dog turned and jumped over the fence, as they thought, 
to go home acro.ss lots. So they rode on till the fannJKm^e ap- 
peared in sight. Out came tiie cur. Uncle prepared to shoot, 
when all of a sudden over came "Brnno," .sei/.ud the cur by 
the neck, shook hiui severely, and made him yell like fun, ,so 






^^. 



much so that the family came out to the rescue, while pony 
looked on, evidently with as much delight as a child would at 
play. He pawed the ground, shook and bowed his head, and 
was very active in securing a good view of the fight. By and 
by "Bruno"' let go and the cur sneaked into the hou.se, and 
"Bruno" galloped off home, after exchanging some words, or 
rather rubbing noses with pony. 

When they all got home again the animals had another con- 
ference and a fine g.illop about the lawn, much to the applause 
and merriment ot uncle and the family. 

Now, what was this? Was it insfnet, or was it reason'? The 
facts were as stated. If instinct, then was it nearly allied to 
reason; and, if reason, then these animals possess it. — Selected. 



3Jiopn|iT]t!» 



1= iR o IP h: E T . 



THE 




EVEPiAL of the Elders wrote appeals to 
their native States, setting forth in strong 
language the wrong.s and oppressions which 
had been inflicted upon them by the State 
of Missouri. Joseph wrote a stirring ap- 
peal to the people — the Green Mountain 
Boys— of his native State. After giving 

a sketch of the grievances which the Saints 

had endured, He said: 



Xnw, therefore, l;aving Aiilod in every 
tempt to obtain s:itisl'action at llie tiilnuiMls, 
here all men .sui_k tor it, acenniin^^ Id the rules 
f ri^ht, I uni compelled to appeal to the honor 
[1(1 patriutiMii of my native Slate — to the clom- 
'icy mul valor of 'Green Rlouutain Boj's;' for 
irougliout the various periods of Ihe world, 
ler a nalioi, kingdom, stale, laniily, or indi- 
lias received an Insult or an injury Iroiii a 
)r force, (unless salist'actiun was made,) it lias 
lie custOHi to call in the aid of friends to assist 
iniiiK redress." * * * ® * 

_Ji all these facts before me, and a piiro desire 

to ameliorate the coiidilioii of llie po(U' and unlortunato among 

Mien, and, if pos.-ilile, to entice all men from evil to g. od; and 

with a linn rolianeo that God will reward thejust, I have been 

stimulated to call upon my native Stale f " ' .■ - i . 

est men,' and to appeal to Ihe valor of l,.^ ._ 

Boys' by all honoraljle niethods and means to 

lainiiit; jnstice from Missouri, not oidy for l..^ ............ .,,,^ 

and conliscated, Ihe niunh r.s she iia.s coinmilted 
lids, and for otir expulsion from Ihe (Stale, but 
to huiiiblo anil ehasliso or aliasi' her lor Ihe dis;;raci' she 
has brou;;hl upon eouslilulioual liberly, until she aloiies for 
her sins." 99s»*«*ee« 

"I appeal to tlie 'Groen Mountain Itoys' of my native .Slate to 
rise ill Ihe majesty of virtuous freemen, and by all lionoiablu 
me;iiis lii'lp to briiif; Missouri lo the bar of juslire. II' there is 
one whisper lroiii,lh(! s|iiril of an Klhan Alien, ora >;leani liiiin 
Iho shade of a General Stark, let it mingle wilh our sense of 
honor and lire our bosoms for the eaiise of snlVcriii^ iiinoi-c n 
for Ihe repiilition of our (lis;.;raci'il country, ami 
oKiod; and IMMV all the earth liiar me wiliiess, 

blood-stained .^ilsslmri, esi-apes the due demen 

—the vengoaneo she so justly deserves, that Vermont is a hypo 
erilo, a cuicard, and this nation lUo hotbed of polilieal demu 



has stolen 
amoTi^^ my frh 



union of ad hoii- 
'Grceri MouiiUuu 

assist me in oh- 

for the proi)erly she 
"ilted 
but 



lor Ihe Klory 

if Missouri — 

f Iwr ei imos 





JU^EH^IXjE] IISrSTI?.TJCTOK/- 



from our iintion's escuU'heon. I innke it to show presidents, 
governors, and rulers prudence. I make it to fill honorable 
men with disi-retion. I make it to tench senators wisdom. I 
make it 'o learn judges jnstice. I make it to point clerptymen 
to the path of virtue. .'Lnd I make it to turn the hearts oV this 
nation to the truth and realities of pure and undetiled religion, 
that they may escape the perdition of uniiodly men: and Jesus 
Christ, the Son of God, is my great Counsellor." 

The hatred of the people of Missour' against the Lat'ei- 
day Saints was deep and abiding. It broke out whenever occr- 
sion oTered. A man of the name of JlcCoy, of Clark County, 
Missoiu'i, accused a member of the Church, by the name of 
Daniel Averj' of stealing a horse and cok from him. Instead of 
making a legal charge against Avery, iMeCoy and a number of 
his friends cume over from Misssouri into the State of Illinois 
and captured hiiu and carried him off into Missouri. In this 
manner they kidnapped him. They also hiid a trap for his son. 
Philander Avery, an ! succeeded in kidnapping him also. \Vlien 
they got him into Missouri they threatened his life, until he 
was so frightened that he said what they wanted him to tay, 
and swore that his father had stolen the horse and colt. 

After receiving considerable abuse Daniel Avery was dis 
cliarged and permitted to make his way back to his home in 
Illinois. But those kidnappers were never called i o any account 
for their crime <. Thomas Ford, Governor of Illino s, took no 
more notice of the outrage and the dishonor which had been 
inflicted upon Lis State, than if two dogs had been carried off 
into Missouri. Yet these acts were in direct violation of the 
Constitution, and a governor of a State, who would suffer such 
deeds to go unreb:ked and unpunished, was false to his oath 
of office and a traitor to his State. He should have let Mis- 
souri know that her people could not come across her State 
lines and carry off men, in direct violation of all law, without 
arousing the whole power of the State of Illinois, whose soi' 
was thus invaded. Bat instead of acting like a man occupy- 
ing a place of trust and power should, he wrote to Joseph 
as follows: 

"I would advise your citizens to liesf rictly peaceable towards 
the people of Missouri. You ought to be aw^re that in every 
country Individuals nre liable to be visited with wrong, which 
the law is slow to redr*oss, and someof ivltich arciwrcr rfdrcssrd 
in tliisirorld. This tiirt, however, has never been held to bo 
a jiistiticati )n for violence, not warranted by law.'' 

This was in reply to a letter which Joseph had written to 
him, accompanying a report of the jiroceedings of a public 
meeting of the citizens of Nauvoo, on the subject of the kid- 
napping. Could anything be more contemptible than such 
language from a governor of a sovereign State under such cir- 
cum.stances? 

On December 29th, ]S43, forty men, wlio had been selected to 
act as city policemen, met with the city council and wore sworn 
into office. At that meeting Joseph said, anjong other things: 

"I am exposed to far greater danger from traitors among our- 
selves than f:om eieniies without, alllKUigli my life has been 
sought lor many years by the civil and military aulh>irities, 
jirif^stsand penpie of .Missouri; and if I can escape from the nn 
grateful tn-achrry of assassins, I can live as CksaH MiciIT 

HAVE I.IVKD, WKRK IT NOT I'OK A KtO II l-ll AN U HrUTHS. I have 

had pieiendfd Iriends betray me. All the enemies upon the 
ficeof the earth may roar and exert all their power to bring 
about my de.illi, but thoy cnn accomplish nothing, unles- 
Siimo who are among us, CTiiny our society, have been with 
tis in our councils, jiarticipale 1 in our contidence, take?) us liy 
the hand, calle.l ns brother, saluted us with a kiss, juin with 
our rneuiies, turn our virtues into faults, and, by liilsehood anil 
deceit, stir up their wrath and indignation against ns, and 
bring their united vcngeani'C upon our Ik-hiIs. All ihe hue-nnd 
• •ry of the chief priests and elders atrainst Ihe Savior, c uld not 
bring <l[iwu the wrath of the .Jewish nation upon his head, and 
thereby cause the crucilixion of the Sou of fjod, until .Indas 
said \inlo theiu. 'W'oomsoever 1 shall kiss he is tile man; hold 
liini fast.' .Jurliis was one of the twelve apostles, even their 
treiisurer, and ilipt with their Master in the dish, and through 
ins treac'hery, the erncilixion w;is brought about: and WK 
ll.WK A JUDaS IN OfU MIDST." 

(To be Continued.) i 




XJI^ID-EK. THE IPE^i^IL 




Under the pear trees, one Augn.st day, 
In the long auo and the far awa^', 
I'our little children rested troui play, 

Cheering the hours with childish chat, 
Now lauyhing at this in- shouting at that. 
Till a golden pear fell straight iu Fred's hat.' 

"I'm lucky," he cried, ashe hastened to eat 

The mellow pear sO juicy and sweet; 

"If I tnedjfor a week thai could'ut_be beat." 

Then Tom and Jenny and Sfary spread 
Their h:its aiid aprons wide, and said, 
"\Vu can catcli pears as well as Fred." 

Then long and patient they sat and still, 

Hoping a breeze from over the hill 

Their laps with the goldeu fruit would fill. 

Till, weary of waiting, Tom said -nith a sneer, 
"1 could gather a bmshcl of pears, 'tis clear. 
While) idly we wail for a windjall here." 

Then up the tree hespranor, and the power 

Of his sturdy arm soon sent a shower 
Of ye. low fruit ;is a goldeu dower. 

It was long ago that August day, 

Wher.) four little children rested from play 

Under the pear trees far awaj'. 

And t'le children, older and wiser now. 
With furrows of care on either brow, 
Uave not lorgoUeu the leasuii 1 trow — 

The lesson they h arned on that August day. 
That f ir having our wishes the surest wiiy 
Is to work aud m earnest, without delay. 



For the Juvenile Tnsti-uelor. 

o m^ I?. ^^. X) E . 

T am compose! of 8 letters. 

My 1 , 2, 3, .5, 0, 7, 8, is a country in Europe. 

My 5, 6, 0, o, (3, 7, 8, is an island in the Baltic Sea. 

My 8, 6, 7, is one of the twelve tribes of Israel. 

My 4, 2, 3, G, is a town in Central Africa. 

My whole is a country often mentioned in the Scriptures. 



The answer to ihe Chanide in iN'o. 5, is M.\RBLES. We 
received correct answers fr.an Mary B. and S. Norton Cook, 
Franklin J. Duufnd, Joseph Bull, Jr., Elizabeth Hart, Mar- 
garet V\ eibye, Josejih S Thornton, Charilla E. Browniig, 
I'^mmctt D. Mousey, Charles C. Denny, Joseph II. I'arry and 
Hertlia B. Sabrin. 

jxjA^iHinsriLE iisrsTE.TJOTOi?. 

Is puljlislR-.l in S:iU Lake' (.ity, l^tali Territory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE 0. CANNO N, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Siiirjle Copy, per A nniwi £3 00 

Single Copy, /or Six Months 1 50 

*»- It is i-xnectctl where agentn forward DnmoB they *il! be rcBponpH.le 
for till- i>-iii(i'K tloi'! orrliTciI: :iii<l wlien ('.'ibIi piiyments lire made, tliey w II 
l>l.-is.' I.'i'vvinl them witli the Liter edntiiiiiiuf; the iialiieB of tlie mihKer.bci'B. 

««- KM.r Will. II. Shearman, Loyan, will net im General Agent for 

e^- Gri!u*hron"ht to this City for the Jcvi:nii.f. Ixstfuctor will be 
rccuiveU at the ofliM of our p-liir- Diisii. et Xews liuii.i.i.NGS. 




