^ 



'^ 



polhuss is t|c 3ax)i\ 



'^^^^ 




^ilHMJI 



^^ N//' w^y^r'^y^y ^ y ^ v^-V^^ (^^^■^-■^A^^--r^¥ ^^^■<^- 









VOL. 6. 



SALT LAls^ CITY, SATUllDAY, JUIiY 22, 1871. 



NO. 15. 



OTJB^lSr FOILTIIFIO^^T lO HST S , 



i 



rpHE engraving which wi' give herewith represents fnrtitieu- 
X tiiins that are tViund on the Island of Culia. IMiej' were 
(inee very .strong, and were mniinted with the heaviest arfilii'ry, 
but are now falhng into deeay. They are not far distant from 
the Castle of 3Ioro, whieh is a very strung fortress, and i>n 
this account, probahly, these arc neglected. The coast where 
these ruins are, i.s high, bold, roeky and dangerous. AVe do not 
adiuirc this engraving, but it came with others which we pur- 
chased at the East, and as by imblishing it we can say some- 
thing that will lie interesting to our readers about the Island of 
Cuba, we place it in our columns. 

Cuba, on account of its fertility ami tine climate, is called the i 
"(Jem of the An- 
tilles." It was the 
lirsl land of i m- 
linrtaiKc discdver- 
cd by Coluuibus in 
his first viiy a ge . 
lie had previously 
touched at four 
small Inlands; then 
his ship ente red 
the mouth o f a 
large river into a 
country called by 
the nativr's Cuba, 
a n d \v h i eh h <; 
named Jii.ina, in 
liunur nf l*r i nee 
.Icihll, the sii?l of 
Ferdinaml .iiid I.s i- 
bella, who had fit- 
t<Ml out his ves.sels. 

'J'he Large river 

wliich Columl)US 

entered is sup|)osed to bi? th<' oiitli't nf the harbor of Nuevitus, 
as at ebb tide there is a swift enrrent flowing (lut tnim it with a 
velocity like that of a river. I[e discovered this island on the 
2.><th of Oi-lober, H'.I2. The first settlement was fitted out by 
i)iepii, the .son of Columbus, in l.Ml. Colninbus found tln' 
pe<ip|(! of thi^ island very inipfri'iisive, and altlKJiigh of the same 
race ■AH our Indians, ihcy were not near so warlike. The 
Indian.s were treated with great i-ruclly by the Spaniards, who 
eiiHJ.'ived (hem, and made them work on their plant.itions. 

One historian .says that there was not one Indian left forty- 
two years after tlie Spaniards settled there. They were unae- 
cu.st/mied to labor, were KWept off by the small \x>k^ connnitt<!d 
Huieide in great mimbi-rs and many flecl in thi'ir iMiat-s to Florida. 



After the Indians became extinct the agriculture of the Island 
declined ; liut when the negroes were introduced it revived 
again. The lilaeks are veiy numerous on the Island of Cuba, 
the Spanish h;ive fbst<'i'c>d the slave trade. These poor wret<;hes 
have been carried off from their native land, Africa, in large 
numbers every year and brought to Cuba, where they have 
been .sold into [lerpetual .slavery. It has been thought for many 
years that Cuba would sooner or later be attadied t<i the Cniteil 
"St;ites, and attempts have been made to i)urehase it from the 
Spani.sh government, but the latter has had no inclination tu 
liart with it. In IS.'il a man by the nauie of Lopez, a Cuban, 
fitted out an expedition of fiHilmsfers from New Orleans, many 

(if whom were 
America n s . II e 
represented t<i his 
followers that the 
[ila n t e r s W e r e 
read.N' for rev o 1 1 
and aTuiexation to 
the Cnited States. 
Tills proved not to 
be true, and Lope/, 
was captured and 
(■xecuted, and his 
followers were 
.some .s \\ o t a M i\ 
others tr;nisp;irle'l. 
Thi're has been an 
extensive r.'bellion 
r.iging in Cuba for 
some' tiine , a n d 
iiian.v of till' cili 
/.ens of the I'liiled 
States have nm 
denmed i'resid'iit 
Grant for not aiding the Cubans to establi.sh their indep.'uil- 
enee. It is not pii)bable, however, that the Cubans will .suc- 
ceed ; th(5 Spanish government has been very thoniugh an<l 
luiergetie in iiutting down the rebellion, and ha.s executed with- 
out mercy evei-y prisoner takiii with arms in his hands or who 
has been known to h;ive taken p.irt in the r.'belliori. 

The Cub.Mi lir.' flies are very largi' an<l bcaulil'iil, they .'not 
a .steady miM liL'ht, .so bright that a few of them ,N,nlined 
together niidir glas.s, and fed on .sugar-cane .serve as a lantern. 
Tlie ladii's fre(iuently .'nelo.se them in ganzi- Ipox.|S, ancl wear 
them as sparkling m-naments llu- their dri's.ses. The ('uban 
ladies clioo.HO the do.se of the day as th.' lime to drive ni their 
carriages, becuuw! it is cooler. 




M 



II- 



-^eScS 



'^ 



^ 114r 



JTJ^EIN'ILE insrSTI^TJOTOI?/, 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



% 



T' 



iiii'tals f'lxim cai'li otluT liy funiiu-o 
oper.itions is of groat antiquity; so also is that of foiniing 
alloys, another furnace operation. The ancients, we allude to 
those of a remote antiquity, the Egyptians, Bat)ylonians, I'er- 
sians, Greeks anil Eomans vrere very similar to the moderns in 
these respects, and from the same motives ; they had to ascer- 
tain the value of the iirecious metals, which made it neces- 
sary to become accjuaiuted with refining and to compare 
metals with a standard of known value. Ilefined gold and 
silver were the standards used as thej' are t<.i day ; and we 
read that the " specific gravit.v" of guld itself was known, show- 
ing a much higher state of knowledge than wi? are ajit to credit 
tlie ancients with. 

As to the modes resorted to, much very curious information 
is imparted V>y the incidental remarks of both sacred and pro- 
fane writers. In the figurative language of the orieut<il world 
resort was consbuitly had to imagery, in expressing ideas; 
anj"thing with which men were familiar was advanced to 
elucidate or illustrate that which was less known. The art of 
the potter is constantly referred to, and that of the refiner 
occasionally. We find that it was customary for the refiner to 
look down upon the ass;iy and "when he could .see his face 
reflected from the .surface it was known to be j)Ure ;"' this is 
siill a mode of detcriniiiing b.v the appearance of the assay. 
it ai)pears that in (ircat Ijritaiii, gold was wi-ought into coin 
beflire the Christian Era, and coins of that metal were struck in 
Asia hundreds of years earlier ; the i)recious metals appear to 
liave been used for e.xchangc earlier than that; we read of 
Abraham being "a man rich in silver and gold." 

Now gold is seldom found pure, lienee the necessity for 
means to make it .so, this is done b.v the refiner. I'erhaj)s it 
may be ncccssjiry to again st.ite that gold when jMire is .said lo 
br '■ twent.v-fimr carats fine.' Tln' carat is .sometimes a weight 
of twelve grains, but more frequi'iitl.v a jiroiiorlional weight, a 
term to di'signate the ratio of gold to .some other niet.il with 
whicii gold is alloyi-d. Now an alloy v'"ntaining one fbnitli 
part of goM is .said to be " eightei-n carats fine," one lialf gold 
IS "twelve carats tine." To a.^icertain the juiiportion of fine 
gold in an alloy is the business of the a.s.sayer ; to jiurify, that 
is to ri'niove the inf^'Hor metal from the .superior, is the business 
of the ■' refiner." 

<^uil>' n h<ap of rnlpbish is occa.sionall.v brought together for 
this lattiT piiriKi.sc All the refus" of the ji'Weller.s' .shops, .sneh 
as is swi'pt toi;cth.T from the floors, is carefully preserved and 
the accuniulalions are .sold to the " swi-ep washer," as the 
manipulator of these sweepings is called. Before the " sweep- 
ings " is put away for .sde it is carefully examined to pick on! 
any visible piei'es of niei.il, that is ipf gohl. silver, or ''common 
golil, ' as gold is c.illed when alloyi'd. l'"aiiulous fortunes have 
been said to have been made by those engaged in this business, 
in wliieli even the washings of the hands of tlio.se who make 
articles in the precious metals, fogelher with the aprons worn 
by the men, the "buff slicks" (pieces of wooil cxivered with 
strips of a kind of leather for ixili.shingl every atom of waste 
from the jewellers is utilized. 

Well, the first proce.s.s (o whieh this Mia.s.s of "rubbi.sh," as it 
ajipears to lie, is .sulijected is lo burn it; this reihice.s (he bidk 
eonsidiTably. h'ragnielil.s of iron "bincling wire" and p.irlieles 
of iron filings are removed by ;i '" magnet." Another worlh- 
les.M [Kiriion rif the i-aleined material is then removed by "wash- 
ing" away the light particJcM. Tlie R-iiiainder i.s nielt<d in a 



crucible, a vessel made of fire clay, or plumbago. The metallic 
"button" that remains contains the gold, silver, copper and 
other metals used iu the manufacture of jewehy. 

But it is the business of the refiner to separate these metals, 
although frequently the met;d is assayed, its value determined, 
and it is sold to the .jeweller. The best goldsmiths are however 
more exact in jireparing the various alloys they use in their 
business; they buy the tine gold of the refiner, or use tlte gold 
coin of the realm, the value of which is of course known. 
French gold and silver coin contains one tenth of coiiper, Brit- 
ish silver coin is one thirteenth copper, and British gold coin is 
eleven jiarts gold and one ])art copper, or a mixture of cop|ier 
and silver. Our Deseret gold coinage was made of ])ure gold ! 

Now it is very siujjile to use coin of a known value and to 
alld.v it in any desired proiiortion. This is done in the most 
exact manner by weighing out the jiroper quantities, by using 
suitalile fluxes, and by carefully regulating the heat. 

When the ingot of met^d (the alloy) is first run out it does not 
look very valuable; the colors however, and especially the 
weight, reveal the character of the alloy. When it is necessaiy 
to know exactlj' the quality it is sent to an assayer, who sends a 
statement to the .jeweller of the value in cai'ats fine; thus he can 
easily increase or dimini-sh its fineness. This is not, however, a 
sulficient guarantee to the imrehaser of articles made, the.v arc' 
sent, in a certain stage of manufacture, to be "hall marked ' 
where they are again assayi'd. This mark is jilaeed ujkiu 
articles by artificers whose business it is to wiu'k for an incor- 
porated com]ian.y that is above suspicion, so that the marks 
when understood are truthful indications of the value of the 
metal by weight. The ccnnpany merely .shows the munber of 
carats fine, .so that the weight being known, the ((uantity of gold 
contained therein is eas^l.^' calculated, and the price of gold 
being known the actual value is determined. As it will give a 
good idea of the jirincijile of refining to describe the modes of 
"(|uarlMtion" and "parlinQ" thev will be described. 

HHTII. 



STOI?.Y OIF- GOI-.BE1K.T. 



JN the shop of a Woollen-draper in llheinis, .'in amieiit provin- 
cial town in France, an apprentice boy, of slim per.sonal 
appearances and handsome inteiligenl features, stood within tlie 
eonnter, poring over the' pages of a well-thuMibed volume. His 
name was IJajiliste, (U", more pro|)erly, .lean Baptistis Colbi'i-t. 

' What day of the month is this'/' asked IM. Cerlaiii, a thin, 
withered old man, the master of the establishment, looking out 
from his green leathern .'irin-ehair, at (he furlln'r e.Nti-i'mily of 
the shop, .-iiid addressing Itapliste. 

'The.liilh of October Hi.iL',' ri'plii'd the .voulh. 

' .Not altogether correct,' cried the old woollen diaper hriskh'; 
'you are right as to (he d;iy and nioiilh, bill wrong as (o (he 
.Vear. This is Hi.', I, my lad, and (ha( yon should know, llir you 
are now fil'leen yearsof age, and should In- able (o reekon cor- 
reedy.' 

' .Viid so I .should, goclliilher . ninl I am sine 1 ^nn fond 
enou.gh of ciphering. But my mind was a lillle engaged with 
hist<ny; and at the moment you spoke, 1 wa.s' 

'Oh, 1 see; reading, as usual. 1 am afraid .vou will nevi'r 
be good for anythin,g. But what kind of a book is i( '/ \\li;il 
interests you ,so much'/' 

'Why, sir, 1 am reading (hi' (ri:il of ihi' hiike of .Monl- 
moreney.', 

'Till- l»ilke of Monlinor.'iiiy I Wli.il iiave .VoU to say to him '.' 
Vou (hink .vour.M'lf a great man, 1 siippo.se, ni.\ li((le fellow, 
beeause .vou have among your ancestors (he barons ol' I Jasdril.' 

' Casdehill, godl'adier : (he ( 'asdehills iire the eonimon ances- 
tors of the Colberts of Scotland aiii| id' i''rance ; we have the 
.siimc coat-of-ariiis,' 



%^:s^- 



■y 




r^. 



O'TJ^EItTILE in^STI^TJOTOI?/. 



115 






' Bah ! wliat is that to me ? Wlien your mother, Madame 
Colbert, came to ask uie lo stand sponsor flir you, in compli- 
meut to my poor sister, with ■wliom she had been edueated, du 
you think I asked who were 3'our ancestors? Here, at the sign 
of the Golden Fleeee, we do not mind sucli things. All we 
have to d(j with is to sell cloth.' 

' I am <|uite aware of that, sir,' modestly answered the young 
man : ' I will do my best, I am sure.' 

'Uh, I dare sa.v yciu will, by and by. However, sime .vou are 
reading al)out tlie Duke of Montmorency, pray ti'il me what he 
was tried fur.' 

' You know, godfifher, when Louis XIII. set out from I'aris 
iu ]t'i29, and notwithstanding the extreme cold, went in person 
til assist the Duke of Nevers, and defend him against the claims 

which the Duke of .Savoy made upon Blontferrat ' 

' I declare the little fellow i.s born a statesman ; it is wonder- 
ful how he strings it all together,' said the old woollen-draper, 
staring up at his godson, whose student-like paleness and 
expression of profound thought seemed little suited to the soft- 
ness of his childish features, and the fair silken hair which fell 
in large curls on his slmulders, rivalling in whiteness those of a 
young girl. 

' V'^".' S;"<ifi^'l>'-''",' continued Baptiste, his face glowing with 
,iust indignation, 'when the young king had forced the pass of 
8uze, conquered the army of the Duke of Savoj', pursued the 
Spaniards of Cazal, .seized upon Pignorol, and, according to the 
treaty of Querascjue, concluded three years before, jjut the Duke 
of Nevers in possession of the duchy of Mantua — when with 
the title of Deliverer of Italy, which this treaty gave him, he 
returned with tlie Duke of Kichelieu to the cajntal, he found 
thei-e a thousand intrigues. His brother Gaston, Duke of 
<.)rleaus, had revolted ; several nobles had joined bis party, the 
principal of whom was the Duke of Blontmorency, who had 
stirred up Lower Languodoc, of which he was governor; Imt 
being taken with arms in his hands at the battle of Castelnau- 
dary. he was beheaded Iiy order of the Duke of Ilichelleu, at 
Toidou.se, on the ?,l)th October \C<:',2.' 

'There was probably in all that a little of the Cardinal de 
Richelieu's intrigues and machinations,' observed the old 
wo(]llen-drai)cr, who, as you may perceive, my young readers, 
did not dislike jiolitics, altlKmghhe ai)pearod as if he did. 

'Ministei's an,' too arbitraiy, too harsh, too desjiotic,' replied 
Baptiste with animation ; 'and if ever I am prime-minister ' — 

A roar of laughter from the old woollen-ilraper, from tlie 
apiirentiees, nay, even fivm the sh()i)-boy, who was swee])ing 
the front part of the .shoji, intcrrujitcd iiiMir little Baptiste, aud 
made the blood mount to bis temjiles. 

'There are no lunger any children '.—there are no longer any 
children ! ' cried Moline laughing. 

' H— you — were — a — prime — min — ist — er,' repeated the mas- 
ter of the Golden Fleece, drawling out each syllable ; ' if— you 
— Were — a — prime — min — isf^ — er ! — Do me the favor sir ' 
added Ik?, abruptly changing his tone, 'first to be nsefid in .your 
godfather's sho]), and to learn to be thankful fbr having .got intxj 
so resptK-table a mean.s of earning a livelihood.' 

' J'ardnn, my good godfatlii;r; I spoke on the spur of the 
moment, and will cndcivoui- tii )»■ all tliatcduld In; desired ul' 
UIO.' 

' Well, Well, n(j niinv of that. Lay iin'nh .vnur i)aper, and 
li>ten to what I am going to .s,iy. Hitc is an invnice, direct<'d 
you Ne(!, to M. ('<'nani, uf the firm Cenani and .'Nfazcrani, bank- 
ers of I'aris. Set oil' now to the banker, and tjike the 'invoice 
Ul him, and at the .same time .show liim those cluths, t<) make 
hangings for a Cfjuntry-Iion.se that he has i)Ur(liased in the 
eiivintns. Come hero, sir, and remember tlie prices of these 
i-lotlis: No. 1 is marked three crnwns a .yard; No. l', six- 
crowns; No. :;, eiglit crowns ; and No. 4, filtecn imwn.s. It is 
di'ar enough, but it is the very finest Saxnrjy.' 

'.\m I to make any abati'inent, giidliitherT aski'il i{aptis(<' 



taking a card to which little patterns of cloth were fiistened, 
while Moline the porter loaded himself with several pieces 
similar to the specimens. 

' Abatement 1 ' cried the woollen-draper ; ' not a farthing. 
The full price, and ready money. Not a penny less. Bemember.' 
Baptiste, followed by Moline with a large parcel of cloth, 
i|uickly measured the distance which separated M. Guillaume 
Certain's shop from the ln.itel where the banker Cenani was 
staying. 

' You will recollect what your godfather said to you, will you 
not. Master Baptiste? No. 1, three crowns; No. 2, six crowns; 
No. 3, eight crowns; and No. 4, fifteen crowns: that's your 
story. Why, what is the matter with you ? What are you 
thinking of, with your eyes im the i'mund? One would tliiiik 
you were looking for pins.' 

' To tell 3'ou the truth, Moliee, I uo not think my godfather 
understands me. I wish to be a good shopkeeper, if that is to 
bo my destiny ; liut surely a man may not be the worse trades- 
man for taking pleasure in a book, when it does not interfere 
with his profession.' 

' l^erhaps so, Bajjtiste, my goud lad; but I ani afraid yoU are 
a little too much given to forgetftdness ; but no doubt you will 
do well in time. Come, cheer uj) ; here is the hotel.' 

' I wish to see M. Cenani,' said Baptiste to the person in 
attendance. 

'The first staircase to the left, Nos. 8 and 10,' .said the 
waiter. And still followed by IMuline, the young woollen-dra- 
per knocked at the door to which he was directed, and was soon 
ushered into the presence of a very young man, in a dressing- 
gown of bright-green damask, richly flowered with red. 
'I come from M. Certain,' said Bai)tiste, bowing. 
' Here are several iiieees of cloth for your honor to choose 
from,' added Jliiline, [ilacinghis ])aroel on a table. 
[To be continued.] 

r^e<^S'Og==' 

DOI\IE()F THE CAPITOL.— The d.mie of the Capitol at 
Washington is the most ambitious structiu'e in America. It is 
one hundred aud eight feet higher than the Washington Monu- 
ment, at Baltimore, sixty-eight feet higher than that uf Bunker 
Hill, and twenty-three feet higher than the Trinity CliHrdi 
tower at New Y'ork. It is the only considerable dome of ii-on 
in the world. It is a vast hollow sphere of iron weighing S,II0{|, 
200 jiounds. II(jw much is that? Mm-e than 4,O0i) tons, or 
aliout the weight of 70,000 full grown pi^iple, or about equal t<i 
1,000 laden coal cars, which* holding four ttjus each, woulil 
reach two miles and a half. 

Directly over your head is a figiu-i; in bronze, ''America," 
weighing 1 4, 'J8.') pounds. The pressure; of the dome upnn its 
piers and pillars is 13,477 pounds t;) the siiuare font. St. Peter's 
presides nearly twenty thousand jiounds more to the square foot, 
and St. (ienevieve, at Paris, 1)3,000 jjuunds more. It would 
require, to crush the supi)ort of tin; dome, a pressure of 7.')'i,270 
pounds to the square foot. The cost was about 1,100,000 dol- 
lars. The new wings cost 0,oOO,000 dollars. The architect 
has a jilan fcjr rebuilding the central l)art of the Cajiitol and 
enlarging the park, which will cost about 3,21)0,000 dollars. 



LATEST and best authority gives the popidatlon of the globe 
at 1,3.'>0,200,000: In America, 72,.SOO,OO0; in Europe, 2S7,- 
01)0,1)00; in Asia, 7'.lS,00O,OOO ; in Africa, 1 SS, 000, 000 ; in 
Australia and Polynesia, 3,S00,00(). These peopl.' speak aboni 
3,G0O dili'erent languagcts, aud are cut up into l.OOi) diflereni 
religious S(!cts. Tlie adherents of the |irincipal religion.s, count- 
ing the whole population, are suppo.sed to be ni'aily thus : 
(ji-eek (,'hui-eh, (J'.),0'.)2,7OO ; the si>c other Oriented churches- 
I>,rj00,000; Bclmai'i Catholi<-s, li):.,000,000 ; IVilestAlits, '.tS,- 
l:;'.),0OO; IMohammedans, ICO, 000,000 ; Budhi.st,s, ;M0,()0(),0()0; 
other Asiatic i-eligiuns, 2i'pO,ooo,ooi) ; Pagans, 200,000,000; 
Jews (i 000.001). 



;3^*^. 



■rC^^ 



♦A-^ 116 



f 



0" T7 "V^ E IST I L E IHST S T I2.TJOT O I?., 






(^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, JUJA' ■22, 1871. 
EIDITOT?vlJ^L THCOTJGHITS. 




ISTORM.NS give lis an account uf tlio iiuiii- 
iior in wliich nur f'uivilitlior.s livc(l during 
the ivign iif (Jtu-eu Elizabeth (if Kngluiul, 
ab(put tWd Imnilivd and seventy ycai'.s ago. 
In tliiise day.s the honses were jirineipally 
built of willows, and oak was used for 
churches, prince's palaces and for shii)S and 
boats. In tlie great«_'st part of the cities 
and towns of England the houses were built 
of this material and then cast over with 
fhiek clay to keeji out the wind ; some of the 
nobility in building new houses about this time 
used brick or stone^ and liad just l)egun to use 
Ji^ glass windows. The floors of the best houses 
* \ Were of clay, streweil with rushes. The nobility, 
gentry and students gener.illy dined at eleven o'clock 
in the f irenoon, and took their supper at five o'clock. 
In our ilays fashionalile jjeople do not take lueakfast 
lii'fore eleven o'clock, and dine about six or after — a 
very unhealthy practice, for ailer dinner they always lake suji- 
per which causes them to eat very lat<;. 

One wrif«r speaking of the increase of lu.Kuries and the many 
good gifts of I'rovideiice s;iys : '' There are old men yet dwell- 
ing in the village where T remain, who Iiavc noted three things 
to be marvelously altered in England within their sound remem- 
liranee. One is the multitude <d' chimneys lately erected; 
whereas, in their young days, there were not aliove two or 
three, if .'<o many, in most country towns, — the fire being made 
against the wall, and th(! smoki- ■•.scajiiiig through an opening 
in the roof. 

"The Si>cf»nd thing to be niptieed is the great amendment of 
lodgings; for, said the.v, our fathers, and wo ourselves, have 
lain full oft upon straw paliet.s, jvith a ligiit covering, and a 
gwxl rounil l<ig under our head, instead of a bolstrr. If the 
good man of the house liad a mattrass, and a sack of chall" to 
rest his head U|ion, he thought him.self as well lodged as the 
lord of tiie town. J'illows were thought meet only for sick 
women ; and as for s<;rvants, if tin y had an.v sheet almve them 
it was well, for .seldom hail they any under their bodies to keep 
them from the pricking straws that oft ran through the canvass 
on whiih they rested. 

"Now have we many chimneys, and yet our tender bodies com- 
plain of rheums, ctAila and catarrhs; then our fires were made 
in recc.s.ses again.st the walls, and our Veads did never ache. 
For as the smoke, in tho.sc days, was supixj.sed to be a .sufficient 
hardening for the tindier of the house, so it was re])uted a far 
bt!tt<T medicine to keep the good man and his family from 
rheuinati.snis and colds, -wherewilli, as then, very few were 
aifjuaitifed." 

Our n-aders, from this description of the manner in which the 
Iipf>pli! le.s-s than three hundred .Vcars ago lived, lan form .'^onje 
idea of the man.v improvements which have lH;en made since 
tho.st! day.s. Tlie jioorest elasa r)f people now, in consei|Ueiice of 
the j)n)gre.s.s which has been made, can live more luxuriously 
then the nobility and the; richest imii of the times three hun- 
dred years ago. Tlie hou.sc.<i of the common people in tho.se 
d.iy.s were not much bi'tter than Indian wick-e-ujis; but tlii^y 
Were a hardy race. Tlio f.njd whiih they at4; was al.s<j very 



plain. Tlie first potatoes were can-ied from America to Ireland 
aliout three huudi-ed and six years ago, and it was only a short 
time before that carrots and turnips and other roots were intro- 
duced info England. It is sujiposed that the fruits of the gar- 
den had been formerly known and cultivated, but were after- 
wards neglected. We would think if we liad no jiotatoes, no 
turnijis nor carrots, but were eomiu'lled to live on rye and oat 
l>read, and oec»isionall.v a little wheat flour bread, with but very 
few or no fruits, that our living would lie very ]ilain indeed ; 
liut the kings and the ((ueens of England in those days, and the 
noblemen and rich men of the kingdom, had to live on plain 
food without any great variety. jSiow every jioor man in our 
land can have a piece of ground, and raise a ])ro fusion of all 
kinds of fruits and vegetables. The variety of food which we 
have is wonderful, and there is no need for the poorest to be 
confiaed to one or two articles of diet, if they will only be indus- 
trious. 



THE fourth fif July was a grand day in this city ; proliably 
we had the finest disjilay on that occasion that was ever 
witnessed in the Territory, We conversed with a number of 
strangers who had seen tine celebrations in New York, San 
Francisco and other cities, and they agreed in sa.\"ing that the 
celebration here was the finest they had evi'r witnes.sed. The 
children turned out in great numbers, and, though it was very 
hot, yet we heard of no one suflFering from the heat. The pro- 
cession started earl.v and had got thidiigh the march liefore the 
sun became very hot. It was a grand sight t4i see the taberna- 
cle crowded with men, women and children, to hear the music 
playing and to see the Iiaiincrs waving. The grand organ 
never seemed to send up nior^ .joyous peals than it did on that 
da.v. The voices of tin' singers never were mon; gleel'ul, 
thrilling and triumphant in their tones then they were on 
Inde]ieiiilenee Pa.v, So far as wc can learn the da.v was oni' of 
thorough en.ioyment fir the ]jatter-day Saints; and we think 
that the children were delighted with it, indging by their hiipjiy 
faces and their .jo.vous manners. Of course they burned lots of 
powder; fire-crackers were siiajiping continuously. We heard 
of one littK; bo.v whose fire-cracker did not go off when he lit it; 
be took it U]i to blow it, and as he did so, it went off and struck 
him in the c.ve. With this excci)tion we heard of no accidents 

to children, which, considi!riug the amount of powder buj- 1, 

was very remarkable. Children cannot be too carefid in hand- 
ling ])owdcr. The jiapers from other cities outside of the Ter- 
ritory come t4) us filled with accounts of accidents through the 
careless use of ])owder on that da.v. 

We told .vou, in the last number, that a parly composed of 
aiiostat<'S ami others were preparing to have a celebralion of 
their own. They did have one, but really loo conleniplible for 
an.v jK'rson to noli<e. 

The accounts which Wt: have of the celebralion of Indi'peii- 
denee Day in the various settlement.s of the Territory all agree 
in saying that the people everywhere liad a fine time, aL<l iJii' 
day passed off very agreeably. There is no ]ii'0)ile upon the 
face of the earlh who can enjoy occasions of this kind like Ihe 
Latter-day Sainl.s, because there is no other jn'ople, whom we 
know, who are .so temperate in their enjoynjents as we are. In 
all the lilies of the United Sl.ales a large proliortion of the l>eo- 
ple think it cnjoynjent to drink li(|Uiu- and Ix'er on such occa- 
sions and to havi,' what lliey c.ill a " sliree." The ri'sult is they 
ijuarrel and fight, and wln'ii the lii|Uor di 's out they feel miser- 
able. 'J'here is no i-eal ciijoyMicnl in such conduct. 



I/OVE is indefatigable; it never Weaiies. — Love is inex- 
hauslilile; it bl(Mims and buds again; and the more it isdilFu.scd, 
the iiK«re it abound.'i 



m^-^ 




^' 



^ 



0" TJ ^ E IDT I L E insrSTI^TJCTOI?., 



117 



I 



oxjTTiisra- iDO"W2sr the bois ide botjloqite. 



^^ 



WHEN cities grow to a largo .size, and their iMpiilation is 
numerous, the want of iiulilic jiarks and gardens where 
tlie people can occasionally resort for pleasure and amusement is 
greatly felt. It has been the aim of wise rulers to pi-ovide such 
places so that the health and enjoj'ment of the people who^ not 
having gardens of their own, are crowded together in small 
spaces may be jiromoted. In many cities the streets are nar- 
row and when the land is covered with houses, the air cannot 
be very pure, and it is a great luxurj' to leave the crowded city 
and go out where the grass, flowers and trees grow, and where 
the air is not loaded with poison. To do this conveniently 
there must be parks and gardens, where the jiublic can go freely 
and without iuterrujition. This they cannot do where the 
grotiuds are owned b.v jirivate i)ersons; therefore, city corjiora- 
tions frequently buy laud and lay it out into parks and gardens 
for the public use. We have also visited public grounds of this 
kind which have been given l)y rich men to cities for the use of 
the people, the 
city corpora t i o n 
accepting them in 
trust, and exiieiid- 
ing means ujion 
them to adorn and 
keep them in good 
order. 

Salt Lake City 
is beautifully laid 
out with wide 
streets. While 
they are kept 
open, air wiU al- 
ways circulate 
freely, and the city 
will be healthy. 
Besides, the size 
of the lots is such 
that people e a n 
have their o w n 
gardens. But if 
all the city should 
be built up as a 
part of East Tem- 
l>le and portions of 
First and Second 
South streets are, public parks and grounds would be want*;" 
for the use of the citizejie. They would need .some open space 
where thi^y could go to breathe jiure air and amuses themselves. 
I'hcre are some jmblic .squares in this cit.v which can be fitted 
up and used for this iiurjiiise and as soon as the.v are needed, 
or the corporation is in the ])ossession of funds to sjiend upon 
them in injproviiig tlu-ni, they will dnubllcss be laid out in 
beautifLd style. We hopr, iKjweVer, that We shall never b(^ so 
cramped fur rooin here as they are in many cities in the world. 
We do not tliink that the pi'ople who live in the cities of Zion 
should b(! packed together like herring in a box or barrel. 
This is the fashion with (Jcntilc cities and they become hot- 
beds of crime ignorane*! and misery — fiiul blots ui)on the face 
of nature, which, in the due time of the Lord, have to b(! .swept 
out of (existence by severe scourges. This has been the lase j 
with all th(! grc-at cities of aiicii'ut times. So coiiil>letely hav(! 
njany of them been destro.veil, that thi^ plact'S where the.v stood 
can scarcely be fiund. This will, also, be the case with the 
great cities whi<h now exist. Tiondon, I'aris, New York, and 
the other great cities of the earth, will all be vi.<itcd when their 
cups of iiii(|nity are full •, they will be scourged, and iniish like 
the old cities of the Wnrlil; for they arc IIIIimI with abnniinations, ] 
and the earth groans under the wickedness which exists in them, j 




The earth is largo, and theiv is |ilenty of room for people to 
live without being packed ;i) closely together in cities. When 
society is properly organized no the earth according to the jiat- 
tem of heaven, men will not want to build miles of streets 
with the houses joined together; thejfcwill spread out over the 
face of the land and adorn and make it all beautiful ; and -when 
they desire to come together for business, or any other pur- 
pose, there will be conveniences by ■which they cau do so 
rapidly. They will be able to travel a liundred miles in as short 
a time, and with greater ease, than our forefathers traveled 
twenty. 

Speaking about scourges, Paris has already been visited, and 
has had a foretaste of the doom which awaits her if she does 
not repent. I'aris has been looked upon as the Queen city of 
the nations. Her fashions have ruled the world of Christen- 
dom. She has been considered the abode of elegance, and, in 
Europe, no one was considered a traveler who had not paid her 

a visit. Even in 
America, separat- 
ed from her by a 
wide ocean, her 
inflnence has been 
very great. Tliou- 
sands of Ameri- 
cans have neglect- 
ed visiti n g the 
greater ]) a r t of 
their own beauti- 
ful and magnifi- 
(■('iit country to go 
and visit and live 
at Paris ; and to 
show you how 
great the admira- 
tion has been for 
that corrupt and 
abandoned city 
among man y o f 
our Eastern peo- 
ple, we need onl.v 
quote a say in g 
which they have, 
that "when a 
good American 
dies, he goes t*. Paris." Afany of them think they would want 
no better heaven than Paris ; in fact, we have been told this by 
men of education and cultui'C. Whether the late scenes which 
have been enacti'd in Paris have made any change in this f'cl- 
ing we cannot say; but we think not. French fashions, habits 
and corr.ii|itions have been copied so widely in many jiarts of 
our republic that they aiv sapping the strength ^li' the nation, 
and are jircparlng it liir a tcrrilile overthrow. 

The engraving which we give hen'with is a scene near I'aris. 
When the city was in danger of being besieged by the Prus- 
sians, a project was iinjlio.sed to cut down the bcautitnl trees of 
the Uoisdci Boulogne, to afford the guns of the ramparts and 
forts free sweep. This jtroposal raised a stonu of imlignatinn 
at first; but what was to be done? It would never do to let 
the tn^ea stand as a shelter to the Prussians, so the iiroject was 
finally carried out, though it created much sorrow. The IJois 
(le Bonlogni' was the most celebrated place of resort in Europe, 
and next to If.vdc Park, lyondon, the largest. It was a public 
I>ark, and was ncit distant more than two miles fnmi Paris. It 
was formerly an old bunting ground of the Frcnc'h kings, and 
it afterwards became a famous walk and drive for thi- I'arisians. 
In lS.->2 it was bought by the aulhnrities of the City of Paris, 
and was madi' » vi'ry beautiful place. The inclosun' was no 






i§3^ 







«: 






lis 



J-TJ^EIsriLE IIDTSTi^/TJOTOie/. 



less than sis luiles in circumference, and contained an artificial 
river nearly two miles long, fed by a jiowerfiil steam-engine 
fivim the Seine — the river which flows through Paris. In the 
engraving you see the men are busily engaged in cutting down 
the trees and piling up the wood. The stumps were tiimmed 
to a sharp point with an adze, so as to hamper the oiterations 
of the cavalry aud artillery. It is not tlio first time that the 
trees of this wood have been cut down. On the iipi)roacli of 
the allied armies in 1S14, gieat numbers of trees were cut down 
to make palisades. But they have grown again. The loss of 
this fine wood will be felt by the i>eople of Paris, for it was a 
great aftenioon resort for the wealthy classes, and all foreigners 
who had time, visited the famous Bois de BouloErne. 



h: t 



3 T O I?. IT O IF 

O HI XJ E. O H. 
{(Jontinucd.) 



THE 



THE incidents which occurred at Xauvoo njiou the arrival of 
President Voung and the members (if the Twelve A) lostles 
who Were with him, we have given you in the Biography of the 
Prophet Joseph, jiulilished iu preWous numbers. It is not 
necessary, therefore, that we should rej)eat them. Sidney 
Rigdon, and those who .sympathized with him, were very much 
disappointed and chagrined at liis not being accepted by tlie 
Church as its leader. Whether the J>:)rd desired him to pre- 
side or nf.t, seemed to be a point al«iuf which they gave them- 
selves no concern. It was suflicient in their estimation that he 
and they thought he ought to have that jiosition. But tlu' 
I>jrd chooses His own .servants; He assigns, to suit His own 
good jileasure, their duties to them. He will not be dictiited. 
If men wish to serve Him, they must do s<) upon His teims, 
and lalx.r in the dir.eti.in which He points out. The fact that 
Sidney Higdon desired and thought him.self (jualified txi jireside, 
was an evidenc* that he was unfitted for the jwsition ; for a 
proper conception of the duties, responsibilities aud cares of 
such a great office and calling would have caused him to shrink, 
and to feel that lie was unfitti^d for the i)lace. When \w. found 
that he could not succeed in his .schemes, he began to show 
ni.ire i>lainly the sjiirit of which he was po.sscs.sed. He began 
I" ppijihoy evil. He indulged in this to a great extent. 
Among othei-s things which he predicted was that there would 
not Iw another stone raised upon the walls of the Temf)le. He 
s;iid this in a meeting at which Bn.ther Wni. W. Pl.iyer was 
l>rescnt. Brother Player determined that thf iiredieticiii .should 
fail, .»«. he to<jk with him Bn.>thers Archibald and John Hill, 
while returning from the meeting, and raised and set a stone 
upon the building. In so short a time was it proved that Sid- 
ney Ptigdon was a false prophet ! Brother Player had charge 
of thu laying uj. of the walls of the Teuiple, which Were after- 
\vards rais.;d to their full h.-ight and cndo.sed under a roof 
Si.liiey Bigdon did not learn by this, and othtT nuiiuTons jire- 
dietions which he uttj-red, and which iiroved e(iually false as 
this, to be more cautious in his proi)he.syiiig ; the last we heard 
fn>m him, and that was not many months ago, he was projihcsy- 
ing evil i-oncerniiig thi; Sainis in these Valley.s. J'oor man ! it 
IS the only means he has liy which he can show his dislike to 
the work of God. There are few who think him Worthy of the 
l'a.st notice, or who have any other feeling than one of pity flir 
him. 

President Young and the other A|xistles took hold of the new 
duties which devolved n|)on them with great zeal and energy. 
They were .surrounded by enemies, aii(l they had great res- 
|Kmsil)ility devolving ujion theui. Jo.scj.h's presence and per- 
.s<jnal .superiiitendenee, during his lifetime, had superseded the 
necessity of strictness and thorough organization in many diree- 
tionti which were now felt ti. be essential. Bi.^hoj.s N. K. 




Whitney and George Miller were appointed to act as Trustees- 
in-Trust of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, 
and it was decided also to increase the number of Quorums of 
Seventies. An eijistlo was issued U> the Saint,s in Nauvoo aud 
all the world, under date of August 15th, of which we give the 
o])eniug paragraphs. The Epistle says : 

''Forasmuch as the Saints have been called to sufler deep 
affliction and persecuiion, and also to mourn the loss of our 
beloved Proiihet and also our Patriarch, who have suffered a 
cruel martyrdom for the testimony of Jesus, having voluntarily 
yielded themselves to cruel murderers who had sworn to take 
their lives, and thus like good shepherds have laid down their 
lives for the sheep, therefore it l)ecomes necessary for us to 
address you at this time on several important subjects. 

"You are now without a Prophet iiresent with .vou in the 
flesh to guide you ; but you are not without Apostles, who 
hold the keys of power t<.) seal on earth that which shall lie 
sealed in Heaven, and to ju'eside over all the affairs of the 
Church in all the world ; being still under the direction of the 
same God, aud being dictated by the same Spirit, havuig the 
same manifestations of the Holy Ghost to dict;ite all the affairs 
of the Church in all the world, to build up the Kingdom uihiu 
the foundation that the Prophet Joseph has laid, who still holds 
the keys of this last dispen.sation, aud will hold them to ail 
eternity, as a King and Priest unto the Most High God, ujinis- 
teriiig in heaven, on earth, or among the spirits of the deiiarted 
dead, as seemeth good to Him who sent him. 

"Let no man presume for a moment that his ]ilace will be 
filled by another; for, remember he st;jnds in his owu iilace, 
and always will ; and the Twelve Ajiostles of this dispen.s;iti(iu 
stand iu their owu ])lace and always will, both in time and in 
eternity, to minister, preside and regulate the afl'airs of the 
whole Church. 

" How vain are the imaginations of the childivn of men, to 
presume for a moment that the slaughter of one, two or a hun- 
dred of the leaders of this Church cfjuld destroy an organization, 
so perfect in itself and so harmoniously arranged that it will 
stand while one member of it is left alive upon the earth. 
Brethren, be not alarmed, for if the Twelve should be t.ikeii 
away still there are ])owers and offices in existence which will 
bear the Kingdom of God tiiunil)hantly victorious in all the 
World. This Church may have Proiihets many, aM<l Aposlles 
many, but they are all to stand iu due time in their projier 
organization, under the direction of those who hold the keys. " 

Tlie e])istle then gave directions concerning the gathering, 
urging the Saints who had capital to come to Nauvoo. emiiloy 
the ]H)or and help build \\\i the city. The building of the Tem- 
ple was given a prominent place, and the necessity of everv 
member jjroeix'ding immediately tti tithe hini.self was set forth 
with great i)lalnness. 

This document was most timely. The Church was iu the 
IHisitioii of'a flock that had lost its shejiherd. Joseph had been 
killed; his voice was hushed in death ; but the .sheej) Wcm'C not 
left to .scatter. The ejiistle was, therefore, received and read 
gladly b.v the Saints every where. They knew the voice to be 
tliat of the true shejiherd, and though J(ise])h had .gone from 
their midst, they saw that the authority of the aiwisth'.ship by 
which he acted still remained. This was a great comfort and 
blessing to them. 

There was a disiio.silion manifested by .some men dnriiig these 
days to lead off comjianies into the wilderne.s.s, i>romisirig the 
Jii/ojile that they would there reciMVe their endowments. A 
report was circulated that J'resident Young and i\w. other 
Apostles had a secret under.stiinding with the men who set 
theiiLSelves uji as the leaders of these comjtanies, to the efl'ect 
that tliej' were to take away all that th<'y could; and although, 
in jiublie, the Twelve would sjusik aL'ainst their going, yet 
Iirivately they wished tln'in t^i go. This was a v<Ty cunning 
jilan of the evil one. by which he hojied to break uji the jieojile 



lu 



1^ 



6i 



5^ 




a""cr"7"EnsriijB i kt s t K/TT o t o is.. 



^^g;^; 



119 



and destroy the work of God. If President Young, or any of 
the Apostles, should speak in publie against the formation of 
those companies, and s;»y to the people that they ought not to 
leave Nauvoo at that time, then these meu who st;)rted this 
lying rejiort would say, 

" Pid we not t<>ll you that the Twelve would speak against 
this in publie ? That was all arrangi^d beforehand when we had 
our secret understanding. You must not mind what they say 
in public." 

By this means the adversary hoped to bind the people in his 
chains and lead them to destruction. But these lies could not 
deceive those who had tlie Spirit of God. When they heard 
President Young declare to the people that it was not the will 
of (Jod that the Saints should go into the wilderness at that 
time, but that it was His will that they should stay in Nauvoo, 
and build the Tcmitle and get their endowments, they believed 
his word.s, for the Spirit bore testimony that they were true. 
(To be confinned.) 



I^ I S S I O isr TO THE 
n^ O "EI J^^ -V" E s . 



BY JAMES A. LITTLE. 



T 



Writtaifrom the verbal narrative of ElJcr Ira Hatch. 

1HE Moliaves cflll themselves Ah-mauc-haw-va. They are 
known by the I'iutes as I-ats ; whicli signifies in the Piute 
language, "right good." At the time the events occurred 
which are related in this narrative, the principal jiart (if the 
nation was gathered in the Mohave A'alley, near where Fort 
3f(ihave now stands. The names of the two principal chiefs 
were Oats-scan-c-vaunts and I-axe-a-wints. 

In accordance with the general policy of extending acrjuaint- 
ance with Indian tribes, and with the hope of finding some way 
of doing gciod to the Mohaves, President Jacob Ilamblin called 
uiiiin Elders Ira Hateh and Dudley Leavitt, to make them a 
visit, near the do.se of 18o7. 

Tut-se-guvit, the chief of the Santn Clara Indians, and his 
brother, acconipauied them as far as the Big JIuddy, where 
livrd the great Chief (jf the I'iode nation, Ching-gnv-i-kie. 
Tlicy fiiuiid the camp in what is now called the narrows (if the 
MiiiMy. It (•(insisted of about (ine himdrcd and fifty warriors, 
nidsfly engaged in the jiastimcs (if gambling and dancing. Th(>y 
remained here aiiout three days, until some teams came along 
on their way to the liiis Vegas fir lead. With tiicse teams 
they crossed the desert. Sever.d miles belfiw the Los A'^egas, 
at a jilace called the ^Ius((uite Sjirings, they found the chief of 
till- L(is Vegas Indians — Pat-sur-runiii — and his band. This 
ciiief, and two of his warriors, aceompanied our missonaries, on 
foot, to tJKr .^Iollaves. Fortunatel.v, as tlic se(|Ucl will show 
tlie.v (■a(;he(l some of their |irovisions at the r,os Vegas. 

From till,' .^In^(lllit(• Springs, they lolloweil an Inilian Iriiil to 

lb" head of Cottonw 1 Island, in th(^ Colorado —a day and a 

ball's .journey above the Mohave villages. At this lime there 
was a large grove of timber on the island, much of which has 
since been cut for the use of steamlnjals. Here was fjuiid a 
large camp of the Sim-o-guavcs — a mixture of Piede.s and 
.^^ohave8. On this island, also, our travellers first .saw some 
.^bibavcH — six or eight lodges. From here a new guide piloted 



til. in to the lodge of tl 
i-l;o;(|. 

On the following day two M' 
never lielbre seen a wliiU' man 
travelers. Tliey were large 



le principal (hi 



if (he Indians on the 



liave 
eanii 
nob 



S(|na\vs, who said they had 
to have a good look at oiir 



ikii 



ilian 



Va 



hS^- 



some five feet six or eight inches in height, and they stood very 
erect. They were in a state of nudity above the waist, with 
the exception of ornaments of shells, &e., around their necks 
and trinkets in their ears. Their loins were clothed with a 
curious garment made of colored Cottonwood bark — this came 
down to the knees. They wore sandals on their feet instead of 
moccasins. Each carried on her head a dish made of wood 
.splints in the form of an earthen platter, which contained 
parched pumpkin and squash seeds, fir ju-esents and to trade. 
These head dishes are beautifully got up, on which to carry 
delicacies. The same day, our travelers left Cottonwood Island 
and continued their journey down the Colorado, on the north 
side. 

In the evening they arrived at the house of the chief of the 
Sim-o-guaves. He occupied quite a comfortable tenement for an 
Indian, and was the largest man seen on the trip. They .judged 
him to be about seven feet iu height, and he was well propiir- 
tioncd. Lieutenant Beale had passed through the country a 
few days ])reviously, and had distributed blankets among these 
Indians ; not having any large enough to suit this giant, the 
Lieutenant had giveu him an oil cloth camel cover, which this 
chief had on. 

The brethren told this chief, that they had been sent a long 
way by their great captain, to make the ac(iuaintance of himself 
and other big chiefs, and tell them about the Great Spirit. 
They were referred to an interpreter, and told to lodge with him 
over night. A srjuaw of this interpreter's had lately died, and, 
by way of mourning, he had kOled two of his horses, burnt his 
blankets, cut his hair close, painted his body red, and went 
naked except a cloth about his loins. He treated his guests 
kindly, and passed the most of the night in mourning. This 
inter))reter, with fliur or five of his tribe, accompanied our 
travelers on the following day down the river. 

They occasionally saw a light raft made of floodwood, loaded 
with pajwoses, usually with only their heads out of the water, 
playing and sjilashing, as though born natives of the element. 
These rafts were propeled by the mothers, who swam by the 
side of them, and took this method of crossing the river to see 
the white strangers. They also met a number of men from th(^ 
villages below. Wild geese and jielicaiis were on the river iu 
great numbers. Tliey had jirobalily migrated from the north to 
spend the winter. The sijuaws would oft^jn ask Elder Hatch to 
shoot at these fowls, and he was unwise enough to do so, until 
he fliund his ammunition running short. Subseciuent events 
suggest that there was a design in this. 

About noon, our travelers arrived at the principal village of 
Alohaves, situated on a iieninsula formed by a lake on one side, 
and the Colorado river on the other. Passing a number of 
lodges they arrived at that of Oats-zon-a-wants, the chief of the 
tribe. He was evidently on the decline of life, tall and thin, 
and covered with scars received in many fights with the 
Apaches. In an attx-nqit to cut his throat, by smw, of his 
enemies, a piece of skin was partly detached, and hung down. 
Near by were siiveral large groui)S(if Indians, en.uaged in gam- 
bling with Spani.sh cards, and in other games of chance. This 
chief was sitting under a shed in front of his house. Elder 
llaU-h had learned from the I'iedes, tiie Mohave system of 
painting, and saw at a glance that these warriors had on tln^ 
signs of war. 

Our travelers were instantly sMriounded by hostile Indians, 
armed with spears, clubs, iV:c. As soon as tliey dismounted, the 

saddles were i liately occupie(l. Tiny tried to make friends 

with the cbiel', but he was sulky and reserved. I'".liler il.it.ii 
gave him a pli'ig of tobacco, which he cut up into \fry small 
pieces, and passed them around to his men. There was not 
enough Cor all, and he took this method of manil'csting the 
insignificance of the present. 



{To be con I ill to (l.) 



** 
^ 



■it^S 






ISO 



j'TJ'VEnsriLE izsrsTiS/TJOToie/ 



■^?^s 



THE DOG OF 3I0NTAEGIS.— A gentleiuan named Mac- 
aire, an officer of the king's body-guard, entertained, for some 
reason, a bitter hatred against another gentleman, named 
Aubrey de Montdidier, his comrade in service. Tliese two 
liaving met in the Forest of Bondy, near J'aris, IMacaire took 
an opportunity of treacherously murdering his brother officer, 
and buried him in a ditch. Montdidier vas unaccompanied at 
the time except by a greyhound, with which he had jirobably 
gone out to hunt. It is not known whether the dog was muz- 
zled or from what other cause it permitted the deed to be 
accomplished without its interference. Be this as it might the 
hound lay down on the grave of its master, and there remained 
until hunger compelled it to rise. It then wont to the kitchen 
of one of Aubrey de Montdidier' s dearest friends, where it was 
welcomed warmly and fed. As soon as its hunger was appeased 
the dog disappeared. For several days this coming and going 
was repeated, till at last the curiosity of those who saw its 
movements was excited, and it was resolved to follow the 
animal and sec if anything coul I be learned in ex])lanation of 
Montdidier' s sudden disappearance. The dog was accordingly 
followed, and was seen to come to a pause on some newly 
turned-up earth, where it set up the most mournfid wailings 
and bowlings. These cries were so touching that passengers 
were attracted, and finally digging into the ground at the spot, 
they found there the body of Aubrey de Montdidier. It was 
raised and conveyed to Paris, where it was soon afterwards 
interred in one of the city cemeteries. The dog attached itself 
from this time forth to the friend, already mentioned, of his late 
master. While attending on hiui, it chanced several times to 
get a si,ght of IMacaire, and on ever.v occasion sprang upon him 
and would have strangled him had it not been taken off by 
force. This intensity of hate on the part of the animal awaken- 
ed a .suspicion that Macaire had had some share in IMontdidier's 
murder, for his Ixul.v showed him to have met a violent death. 
Charles ^'., on being infurmed of the circumstances, wished to 
.satisfy himself of their truth. He caused IMacaire and the dog 
t<j be brought beflirc him, and beheld the animal again spring 
upon the object of its hatred. The king interrogated iN[aeaire 
clo.sely, but the latter would not admit that he had been in any 
way c/>nnected with ]N[ontdidiiT"s murder. Being strongly 
iinprcssed by a conviction that the conduct of the dog was based 
U|vin some guilty act of I^fac^aire, the king ordered a combat to 
take place between the officer and his dumb accuser, according 
to the i)racticc, in those days, between human iilaintitl's and 
defendatits. This remarkable combat took jilaco on the Isle of 
Notre Ihime, at Paris in the presence of the whole court. The 
king allowed l^faKiirc t<> Imve a strong club as a defensive 
■wcajion, while on th(! other hand, the only self-preservative 
means allowed to the dog consisted of an empty cask, into which 
he could retreat if hard pres.sed. TIk" combatants aiijieared in 
the list.s. The dog seemed perfectly aware of its situation and 
duty. For a ."hort time it leai)ed actively annnid iMaciire, and 
then at one sprine, it fi.stencd itself upon bis throat in so firm 
a manner that he couM not disentangle himself He would 
have been .stranglf-d liad lie not cried for mercy and avowed bis 
crime. The dog was pulled from olF him, but he was only 
jiVierited from its fangs to ])erish by the hands of the law. 'I'lie 
fidelity of the dog has been celebrated in man.v a dnima and 
j>ocni, and it has been asually called the ]»og of Montargis, 
from the combat having taken i>lace at [the chateau of Mon- 

targi.s. 



THE LAINDiS. — A gentleman was walking over his farm 
with a friend, exhibiting his crops, herds of cattle and flocks of 
sheep, with all of which his friend was highly jtleased, but 
with nothing so much as his s])lendid sheeii. He had seen the 
same breed frequently before, but had never seen such noble 
specimens — and succeeded in rearing .such flocks. His simjile 
answer was, " I take care of my lambs, sir." Here was all the 
secret. He took care of his lambs ! Parent, teacher, do you 
take care of the lambs? 



JOiinsrisrY. 



Juluiiiv, staiuiiiig at tlio w iiulows, peeping in willi many a sigh, 
Sees a tempting heap of uandj-, which lie sadly wants to Imy ; 
Anil he longs for just one penny, for his tooth is very sweet. 
And he thinks that "lemon taH'j" would be "mighty nice" to oat. 

Lons he stands there at the windows, with his little fcot all I'arc — 
For Johnny is a licggar lioy, with i;oUlon curly liair; 
His little coat is ragncd, and his truwscr-I<nccs out too, 
But Johnny had a brave good face, aud honest eyes of blue. 

Johnny's hands slide ill his pockets — thc.v are neither broad nor dccii— 
AVith a kind of'socking ijesturc, as if lyin(r there asleep 
Wore a half a dozen ]ionnics; but his hands no i^onnies fool, 
Aud lu' sadl.v draws them out — ]iathotic, dumb appeal ! 

Just one look of intense longimr, half dellanoo, half despair, 
Johnny turns aud leaves the windows with a bold, doterurmod air. 
"Girls," ho thinks, "can cry for candy; yes, I tell .you, that they can! 
But I am made of stronger BtufT; some day I'll l>e a man !" 

True, Johnny is a lx"i'<i;ar bov, but Johnny's mind is free, 
Aud who can toll, in .voars to oomo, bow f;reat the boy may bo 't 
Could we but read the future's scroll, and see what time will bring, 
\Vc might see beggar Johnny's name as president or kiie^! 



THE STJITID^ir-SOIIOOXj. 



We scatter seed . with careless hand. 
And droaiM wo ne'er simll see I hem 
Hut for a thousand years 
Their fruit appears, 
In woods that mar the land, 
Or hoallhful store. 

The deeds we do, the ivords wo say, 
Into still air they sooiii to Heel, 
Wo count llioin ever ]vast: 
Hul they shall last- 
In the droad judu:moul lliey 
And wc shall meet! 

I charge thee by the years iroiio by, 
yor the l<)Vo's sake of brodiren iloar, 
Keep thou the one true u'ay, 
In work and pla.v. 
Lost in that world Ihiir cry 
or woe thou boar. 



THKASriIES gained by robbery, often bring tlnir jios- 
ses.sftrs to an untimely death, but those gained by righteous 
dealing bring with them no such coiiscquenct*. 



A LOVING heart and a pleasant count<!nance are eoniino. 
ditiea which a man .should never fail to take home with him. 



J"XJA^E3sriXjE insrSTI^TJCTOI^ 

l8 published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
KVKKY OTIIKU SATl'KD.VY. 

CEOROE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 

Siii</lc Cojii/, per Amnnn f- M>. 

mingle Copy, for Hix JUonllm 1 50. 

nr <ir»ln Drought to thin City for the Jcvenii.k. iNSTItuCToit will IjC 
received at the oftTee ofwur paper— Ueskkkt Nkwh UUII-dinos. 



J 



< 



