

&BV0&* 



BQLINE&S TO TEE LQB&. 







VOL. XIV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1, 1879. 



NO. 5. 



CXJr, THE GTJ^IXT, .A.ir>r_D HIS SOME. 




WHO was Og? King of Bashan. And where was Bashan? 
How many of our youthful readers are there who can 
answer this question? To those who cannot we will say, take 
a map of Palestine or Canaan, and on the east side of the 
upper portion of the river Joidau you will find the land of 
Bashan. 

But what is there particular about Bu^han? It was a land 
where giants dwelt, and Og was the last of this huge race. 
The Bible says 
so. Bead the 
third chapter 
of Deuterono- 
my: "For only £ 
Og, king of . 
Bashan, re- 
mained of the | 
remnant of gi- | 
ants; behold, | 
h i s bedstead P 
was a bedstead 
of iron; is it not 
iu Rabbath? 
nine cubits 
(nearly nine- 
teen feet) was 
the length 
thereof, and 
four cubits the 
bieidth of it, 
after the cubit 
of a man." 

Again, Moses 
writes: "All 
Bashan, the 
kingdom of Og, 
gave I unto the 

half tribe of Manisseh; all the r>g',on of Argo\ with all 
K i bar:, which was called the land of giants." 

Noun: one may here say, "Oh I don' I believe in ; i.ii.t •. Is 
not the Bible wrong? Is not this one of thote oloV stories thut 
modern research hu proved to be a fable?" 

Not bo, my friend, modern research Ims proved, as it ie oon- 
Btantly doing, that the Bible ie true. For huudreds of jears 




Basil an was practically an unknown land to the rest of the 
world. It was out of the usual line of travel. Its cities were 
uninhabited. Its fields remained unfilled. A few hordes of 
Ishmaelites only made its wastes their retreat, whence they 
sallied forth on rapine and plunder bent; and to its fastnesses 
they retreated when pursued by ibices they were too weak to 
encounter. But within the last twenty years several adventu- 
rous travelers have penetrated its desert wilds, and have found 
=^^^====_ = _^_ there the very 

cities described 
by Moses, many 
of them almost 
uninjured by 
the ravages of 
time. They 
have found 
there the oldest 
private houses 
in the world, 
the ones that 
were inhabited 
in the days of 
Moses, and 
some of them 
probably built 
by the men who 
fought against 
Abraham when 
he went up in- 
to that legion 
to deliver Lot, 
his brother ii- 
law. Think of 
houses standing 
to day that are 
four thousand 

years old, and still in an excellent state of preservation! 
Bat what has this to do with giants? A great deal. They 
are just buoh bouses as giants, and eiantsonly, would build — 
massive, strong and huge. Hue is the manner in which a 
recent traveler describes one in which ho tarried for a night. 
"1 i 'I scarcely believe in the reality of what I saw, and 

what I l.i ard from my guides in reply to my eager questio 





50 



JTJTBWILB HTSTE/TJCTOB 




The house seemed to have undergone little change from the 
time its old master had left it; and yet the thick nitrous crust 
on the floor, showed that it had been deserted for long ages. 
The walls were perfect, nearly five feet thick, built of large 
blocks of hewn stone, without lime or cement of any kind. 
The roof was formed of large slabs of the same black basalt, 
lying as regularity, and jointed as closely, as if the workmen 
had only just completed them. They measured twelve feet in 
length, eighteen inches in breadth and six inches in thickness. 
The chamber was twenty feet long, twelve wide and ten high. 
The outer door was a slab of stone, four and a half feet high, 
four wide and eight inches thick. It hung upon pivots, formed 
of projecting parts of the slab, working in sockets in the lintel 
and threshold; and though so massive, I was able to open and 
shut it with ease." Below this room he found another double 
the width and about twenty-five feet long and twenty high; 
and this was not a large house either. However, its front gate 
was so high that camels could pass in and out without trouble. 

Of cities such as this there are still sixty or more in exist- 
ence, inhabited now by a few Druses, who occupy, the houses 
without repair, but have constantly to be prepared for the 
attacks of the Arabs, who lurk in the mountains around. 

We present a vew of the ruins of a portion of Bazrah, one 
of Boshan's chief cities. 



SCIENTIFIC ZDI^XjOO-TJE. 



BY J. L. BARPOOT. 




BETWEEN PBECEPTOR AND PUPIL. 

PRECEPTOR. — Since our last conversation I have met 
with some expressions in the "Key to Theology" which 1 
should like to bring to your notice, as they throw light upon 
principles with which we cannot be too familiar in our researches 
after truth in the border land between the visible and invisible 
worlds. The late Parley P. Pratt was the author of the book 
I refer to, which is certainly worthy of its title as a key to a 
magnificent treasury of scientific theology. I shall quote 
verbatim, first premising that our departed brother was 
defining the operations of the unseen forces of the universe 
upon the visible and tangible things of creation. He says: 
"A9 the mind passes the boundaries of the visible world, and 
enters upon the confines of the more refined and subtle ele- 
ments, it finds itself associated with certain substances, in 
themselves invisible to our gross organs, but clearly manifested 
to our intellect by their tangible operations and effects." 
This was intended to show those who were disposed to recog- 
nize the operations of the Holy Spirit as a factor in the wcrk 
of creation, the methods of deity. And we are not taken out- 
side of the domain of physics to reason upon the causes of 
phenomena. They are shown to be natural, although invisible 
operations. There is much simplicity in the statement that 
Parley P. Pratt makes in reference to unseen forces operating 
upon elements that arc also too refined for our gross organs to 
see them. There is a great disposition among men to question 
the existence of any other forces in nature than those which 
can be demonstrated by what are called "scientific methods." 
According to their reasoning, men must cease to attempt to 
prove there is a God by His works, because the works of 
creation are apparently the result of the operations of matter 
upon itself. Faith in < I id is therefore an absurdity to them, as 
no God is needed. According to their ideas, it is only a |, lead- 
ing poetical fancy that leads men to believe that 



"God moves in a mysterious way, 
His wonders to perform." 

They argue that man has been developed from protoplasm; 
that no special creations are needed, as "protoplasm, once 
being in existence, it acts upon itself so as to evolve the 
organic cell;" and by absorption and nutrition organic 
masses are changed into beings of different orders, which 
adapt themselves to their surroundings. This process is called 
"differentiation," and is said to be brought about by the 
"environment." This means in the language of common 
sense that organic beings are the creatures of circumstances, 
forming organs for themselves according to their necessities; 
and man, standing at the head of these creations, having his 
genesis in self-created protoplasm, and tracing his pedigree, 
according to the "doctrine of descent," through ancestors 
that have accidentally developed into higher types of being, is 
to stultify himself by ceasing to have faith in the unseen 
world, to which his highest aspirations direct him, because 
the works of the Creator are so perfect that His visible pres- 
ence is not needed in natural operations! Parley P. Pratt 
does not so see the workings of Deity; Paley and the great 
writers on natural theology did not so see; the Bible writers 
did not so see; and we may rejoice to know that the man who 
seeks for a true interpretation of natural phenomena by correct 
scientific methods does not thus view the wondrous artifices 
of the Creator of the universe. 

Pupil. — There are many persons greatly pleased with the 
philosophical ideas contained in current scientific publications. 
How do you account for this, when these ideas are founded 
upon false premises? 

Preceptor. — They are written in an attractive style; they 
appeal to the intellect, and pretend to possess a high tone of 
morality; they affect a great horror of metaphysics, and inti- 
mate that theology is necessarily metaphysical. Parley P. 
Pratt does not so treat philosophy; the scriptures do not; true 
science does not. If you are pleased with themes which have 
a bearing on creation, the nature of the intelligence possessed 
by the Creator, and the pre-existence of man, read the 8th 
chapter of Proverbs. You will find that before this earth had 
an existence the Lord lived, and His delight was with the sons 
of men. If we are interested in true philosophy we may read 
that chapter, and then realize something of the meaning of 
the beautiful words of our hymn: 

"O my father, thou that dwellest 
In the high and glorious place!" etc. 



Punctuality. — Punctuality is the soul of business, and yet 
it is astonishing how many people are unpunctual. It is not 
only a serious vice in itself, but the fruitful parent of numer- 
ous other vices, so that he who becomes its victim is soon involved 
in toils from which it is almost impossible to escape. It makes 
the merchant wasteful of time, saps the business reputation of 
the lawyer, and injures the prospects of mechanics who might 
otherwise rise to fortune; in a word, there is not a profession 
nor station in life which is Dot liable to the canker of this de- 
structive habit. 



A GENTLEMAN was one day relating to a Quaker a tale of deep 
distress, and concluded very pathetically by saying: "I could 
not but feel for him." "Verily, friend," replied the Quaker, 
"thou didst right in that thou didst feel for thy neighbor: but 
didst thou feel in the light place — didst thou feel in thy 
pocket?" 





J "CT "V IE DST I L IE HTSTRTJOTOB 



51 




« 



rauels ii^ 



[{tiflia. 



BY WILLIAM FOTHERINGHAM. 




{Continued.) 

THE written conditions of Major Siddons, to be forwarded 
to us, embodying certain stipulations to wbieh we must 
subscribe while sojourning in Agra military cantonments, were 
never sent. So we concluded to act independently and untram- 
meled in warning the people, leaving the result in the hands 
of our Heavenly Father. 

We visited a Mr. Antony, who was of Portuguese extraction, 
and a great religious professor, to sell him some books, but he 
declined to buy. However, he invited us to call in the evening, 
when he would have a few friends invited, in whose presence 
he would hold a debate with us. We replied that we were 
averse to discussion, still we were not afraid to have our doc- 
trines exposed to the strictest sc:utiny, aDd, under the circum- 
stances, would come. 

In the eveninff, instead of Mr. Antony being prepared with 
his friends to discuss, we found him propped up in a large 
arm chair (for he was an immen.-ely fat man), with two ser- 
vants, who were equipped with a small wooden mallet in each 
hand. Each servant took a side of Mr. Antony and pounded 
him with the mallets fVoru his shoulders down to his extremi- 
ties. The sufferer directed the taps of the mallets, and 
appeared to enjoy it like a pig when scratched. He was 
occa-ionally afflicted with rheumatic pains, and this counter- 
irritation process, which is greatly in vogue among the orientals, 
gave him temporary relief. AVe were somewhat amused at 
the novel mode of mitigating his sufferings. 

Mr. Gibbons, the editor of the Mofussih'te, invited us to 
dine with him, stating that he had notified a few of his friends 
to come, who expressed a desire to converse with us. Among 
the guests were the postmaster of Peshwur and his lady. We 
spent the evening answering questions propounded by the 
company. The subject of celestial marriage was introduced 
and discussed. Mrs. Piatt, the wife of the postmaster referred 
to, was a lady of culture, and exhibited much good sense 
during the interview, and acknowledged in presence of the 
company that our system was composed of truths that would 
bless the human family if they would receive and practice 
them. She expressed a desire to read the revelation on 
celestial marriage, a copy of which we furnished to her the 
following day. We sold her a set of our standard works, and 
when paying for them she gave us ten rupees to aid us in our 
labors. 

We were frustrated in all our efforts to obtain a suitable 
place in the civil lines in which to hold forth, as you under- 
stand we were not allowed to preach in cantonments. How- 
ever, Mr. Gibbons came to our relief by fitting up an enclosed 
verandah, connected with his printing office, by seating and 
lighting it for our accommodation. He also printed us a 
number of circulars setting forth the time and place of holding 
meeting, which we had distributed among the Anglo-Indians 
living within a certain radius of the place of meeting. 

I will here state that the Elders found India a very peculiar 
country to labor in. There seemed to be a heavy curtain 
of spiritual darkness that enveloped the land, which was 
hard to penetrate. India's soil had drank the blood of 
some of the ancient apostles and servants of God. The powers 
of darkness, superstition, ignorance and priestcraft, with all 



its train of evils, had existed for ages. The spirit and influence 
of these gross superstitions which had been nursod from time 
immemorial could be palpably felt, and every intelligence in 
the land, Christian and pagan, was more or less affected by it. 

On the evening of our first meeting in Agra we had a con- 
gregation of twenty-five, and we felt this power more than 
ever we did before or after. The singing of the opening hymn 
was almost a failure. I made the opening prayer, when every- 
thing appeared to vanish from my mind, and all seem d a 
blank. Elder Woolley addressed the congregation for a short 
time, and it was by a laborous effurt that he was able to do so. 
He then called upon me, and I had to contend with the same 
overpowering spirit of darkness. We felt empty, and had 
nothing for the people. After meeting we had three miles to 
travel to the house of Mr. Fisher, our host. We walked the 
distance without uttering a word to each other. We felt dis- 
heartened and chopfalleo, and everything seemed to us as if the 
kingdom had vanished. In comparing notes with our brethren 
engaged in the ministry in other parts of the land, we found 
their experience was similar to our own. 

Before our next meeting came off, we fasted, and prayed 
tfeat God would grant us the desire of our hearts, which was 
to be able to lay the truth' befere the people. It was this 
frequent mode of procedure that gave us strength to wrestle 
with the powers of darkness already referred to. 

At our next meeting our congregation consisted of sixteen 
men and two women. We were satisfied with our efforts on 
this occasion, and at the close of the meeting we sold a few 
books to the audience. 

We continued to hold meetings at Mr. Gibbons' until our 
'hearers dwindled down to one, and two others came in acci- 
dentally, having a matter of business with the editor, Mr. 
Gibbons. We turned this meeting into a conversation with 
the parties, setting forth our mode of traveling — that we 
trusted altogether in the Lord to open our way by influencing 
generous-hearted men and women to contribute to our wants. 
Before we got through with them the three gentlemen gave us 
each five rupees, and Mr. Gibbons gave us twenty. 

Now, you can see, in India, the land of idolatry, dotted 
with heathen temples and Mohammedan mosques, the few 
Christians that are scattered around the country had no respect 
nor good will towards our cause, yet God raised up friends to 
His servants, who fed and clothed them and gave them money. 

After quite an effort, we rented a hall in another part of 
Agra, called Furzanah Ka-Bagh, to give the people in that 
neighborhood an opportunity to come and hear the gospel. 
We called upon the editor of the Agra Messenger to know if 
he would print us a few circulars gratis, notifying the public 
of our meetings in this other hall. As Mr. Gibbons, the 
editor of the Mofussilite, had been liberal to us in many 
instances, we felt delicate in asking any further benefits from 
him. The Messenger editor refused, on the ground that by 
doing so he would be giving an impetus to "Mormonism," 
which system he was utterly opposed to. He viewed us as 
honest men, but badly deceived. He gave us two rupees to 
help us as men, but would do nothing to acceluate the cause. 
Afterwards Mr. Gibbons furnished us with all the circulars wo 
required. 

Tho hall wo were going to occupy was minus the furniture 
suitable for an audience. To furnish it we had to carry the 
seats and tablo a distance. We waited from the time appointed 
for meeting until bedtime for a congregation; but only one 
man put in an appearance, and he was a native. We lugged 
the chairs and table back to the owner, put out the lights and 





JTJYE1TILB I^STRTJCTOB 




returned to Mr. Fisher, feeling that the people had 
unworthy of the blessings of the gospel. 
(To be Continued.) 



eted 



1ft i o g r a h g\ 



JOSSPH SMITH 



THIE 



(Continued.) 



D' 



URING Joseph's absence several Pottawatamie chiefs came 
to Nauvooto see him. They had a "talk" with some of 
the brethren; they had but little to say, however, as they 
wanted to see the groat prophet. Joseph's fame had spread 
considerably among the surrounding Indian tribes. Many ot 
them had heard of the great white prophet', of his people, and 
the manner in which he and they bad been treated by their 
fellow-,itizens. The Spirit of the Lord inclined their hearts 
to look favorably upon the Saints. The Indians were in many 
respects a suffering race. From the bordersof the great ocean 
on the east they had gradually recedi d before the white people. 
Their old hunting grounds, their villages, the burial places of 
tlcir fathers bad all been occupied by the white man; the 
occasional name of a creek, a river, a city, or a county or 
State was all that n mained to designate the places which they 
had onie possessed. They could sympathize with the Saints 
in their difficulties, and theirfeelings were kindly towards them. 
And the Book of Mormon had taught the Saints to look upon 
the Indians as the descendants of Abraham, h;nw and Jacob; 
and instead of trespassing upon their rights and persecuting 
and killing thi no, tbej n s] i eti d I heir claims and treated them 
a- human beings. 

1*11 the 2nd of July, l v !:;. altir his trial and discharge, 
Joseph in company with sevi rai of thcTwelveand other Elders, 
met with these Indian chiefs. They were particular in inquir- 
ing of Joseph whether thi Ql were his friends; the In- 
dian orator then spoke as follows: 

' W e, as a i pie, have long ' ei n distressed and oppressed. 

We have been driven from nur lands many times. We have 
been wasted away by wars, until there are bul few of us left. 
The white men have hated us and .-be 1 our blood, until it has 
appeared as though there would soon 1 < i no Indian left. We 
talked with tl it and t hi Great Spiril has talked 

with us. We have asked the Great Spiril to save us and lei us 
:it Spirit has told us thai he hi I raisi d up a 

great prophet, chief, and friend, who would do us greal s i 

and tell us what to do; and the Greal Spiril has told us that you 
are the man pointii [ to the Prophet Joseph). We have now 
come a great way to see you, and hear your words, and to have 
you tell us what to do. Our horses are poor, from traveling, 
and we arc hungry. We will now wait and hear your words." 

Thi S| rit ol God rested upon the Lamanites, especially the 
orator. Joseph was much affected, and shed tears. Ikaroie 

atid -aid unto them; 

■'I have h ard your words. Theyaretrue. The Great Spirit 
ha- told you th.' truth. I am your friend and brother, and I 
wish to doyougood. k'our fathers were once a greal people. 
Tbey worshiped thi Greal Spirit. The Great Spirit did them 

good. He wa- their hriend; I ut they left the I Ireat Spirit, and 

JD 



g> 



would not hear his words nor keep them. The Great Spirit left 
them, and they began to kill one another, and they have been 
poor and afflicted until now. 

"The Great Spirit has given me a book, and told me that 
you would be blessed again. The Great Spirit will soon begin to 
talk with you and your children. This is the book which your 
fathers made. I wrote upon it (showing them the Book of 
Mormon). This tells me what you will have to do. I now want 
you to begin to pray to the Great Spirit. I want you to make 
peace with one another, and do not kill any more Indians; it is 
not good. Do not kill white men; it is not good; but ask the 
Great Spirit for what you want, and it will not be long before 
the Great Spirit will bless you, and youv:ill cultivate the earth 
and build good houses, like white men. We will give you 
something to eat and to take home with you." 

When the Prophet's words were interpreted to the chiefs, 
they all said they were good. 

At the close of the interview, Joseph had an ox killed for 
them, and they were furnished with some more horses, and they 
went home satisfied and contented. 

On the evening of the day that Joseph had the interview 
with the Indians the Maid of Iowa reached Nauvoo from her 
trip up the Illinois river in search of Joseph. You recollect 
that when Brother Wm. Clayton brought tidings to Nauvoo of 
the arrest ol Joseph acouipauy of men started on the steam- 
boat, Maid of Towa, to go down the Mississippi and up the Mi | 
nois rivers. It was thought that his captors might attempt to 
cany him to the Illinois river, place him on board a steamboat 
and thus lun him into Missouri. They kept a strict lookout 
for steamboats, and went up the Illinois river as far as Peru, 
where t hey met an express sent by General Rich, by whom they 
were instructed to return to Quincy. Just after leaving Quincy 
they were met by two men in a skiff, who brought the news 
that Joseph had reached Nauvoo. They were relieved and over- 
joyed at the tidings, and after reaching Nauvoo, they formed 
into a hollow square and Joseph related to them the particulars 
of his arrest and deliverance; he then blessed and dismissed 

tllelll. 

ruder the direction of Joseph, the Twelve Apostles called a 
special conference, July 3rd. 1843, to choose Elders to go into 
the different Counties of Illinois to preach the gospel and disa- 
buse f he public mind with regard to bis arrest. Eighty-two 
Elders were called to go to the various Countiesof Illinois. About 
noon on that same day, General C. C. Rich, with a company of 
twenty five men. returned from .their trip in search of Joseph 
and his captors. They had made one of the most rapid and 
fatiguing marches that is on record, having traveled about five 
hundred miles in seven days with the same horses, and in very 
hot weather. 

There were many incidents which occurred on the trip, one of 
which only we will relate, as from it our readers can gather an 
i lea of the way some people, professedly religious, apply asalve 
to their consciences lor working on the Sabbath: 

It was early in the morning of the day previous to their 
n ai hing Nauvoo that Jesse P>. Nichols went into the village of 
Galesburg, waked up a blacksmith and employed him to set a 
couple of horse shoes. It was Sunday, and the blacksmith, 
being a professor of religion, refused to do the work unless he 
could get double price for it. He thought it wrong to work on 
Sunday, probably; but if he could get well paid forajob he was 
willing to risk the sin. Nichols consented to give him what 
he asked, and he commenced work. Whilst he was setting the 
shoes the company passed through the village, exciting consider- 
able curiosity among the inhabitants. AsBrother Nichols was 







:rfe 



JITYEITILB IFSTBUCTOB 



53 



(P\ 




about paying the blacksmith for the work a Presbyterian min- 
ister came up. He told the smith that he ought to charge a 
dollar a shoe. Said he: "these are Mormons; and you, who 
are a church member, have been shoeing this Mormon's horse 
on Sunday; and you ought to be brought before the church for 
doing it. " Hearing this from his priest the blacksmith de- 
manded two dollars for his work, instead of the one he agreed 
to take. Nichols handed him one dollar. The priest told him 
he ought not to take it — that Joseph (he called him Joe Smith) 
was an impostor, and ought to be hung. The smith took the 
dollar, however, but demanded more; upon which Nichols 
kicked the priest on his seat of honor, mounted his hors;, and 
left, amid the loud cheers of a number of spectators. 



Short Sermons for little faints. 

4? J P "€p q& 



BY G. R. 

"Thou shalt have no other gods before me." 

Tins great com -m and was giv-en by God 
to His clios-en pco-ple Is-ra-el. It was 
giv-en a-midst the dig-play of His might-y 
pow-er up-on Mount Si-na-i. It is called 
the first of the ten coni-mand-ments which 
the Jews and Chris-nans be-lieve should 
guide their lives and con-trol their ac- 
tions. 

Why should we have no oth-er Gods 
but the God of Is-ra-el? 

Be-cause He is the on-ly true God of all 
the dei-ties wor-shiped by men. 

Be-cause He is our Heav-en-ly Fath-er, 
and He cre-ated us all. 

Be-cause He is the source from whence 
all bles-sings flow. 

Be-cause He is so wise that all His 
laws are just. 

Bc-causo He is so kind that all His 
laws are fit-ted to our na-tures, and o-be- 
di-ence to them is the sure way to make 
us hap-py. 

Be-cause He so loves us thai He gave 
1 1 is on-ly bc-got-ten Son to die for the sins 
of the world, that we, through o-be-di-ence 
to His law, may bo saved for-ev-er. 



Be-cause He is al-ways striv-ing with 
us, through His Ho-ly Spir-it, to make us 
so live that we may enjoy His con-tinued 
bles-sing. 

Be-cause he com-mands us to do noth- 
ing but what is for our good. 

Be-cause, if we wor-ship oth-er gods, or 
serve oth-er pow-ers, they have no pow-er 
to save us, or to do us good in this life or 
in the world to come, for He is might-ier 
than them all. 

We could give you man-y oth-er reas- 
ons, but if we told you all, our ser-mon 
would not be a short one. 



-~>- 



An Arab's Regard for his Horse.— The Arab hasnot only 
a great affection for his horse, but, it the latter be more than 
usually swift of foot, is extremely proud and jealous of its 
reputation for speed. A singular story, illustrative of this, is 
told. A certain native, named Giabal, owned a very excellent 
horse, which one Giafar was desirous to obtain. Giafar failed, 
however, to induce Giabal to jiart with it; so at length, deter- 
mined to possess it, he made his way to the place where it was 
tied up, and rode away with it. Rut in doing so he aroused 
Giibal, who, it is said, having darted from his tent and mounted 
his brother's horse, was soon in close pursuit. Now. every 
Arab has a secret sign by which he makes his horse understand 
that it must put forth its greatest speed; and, curiously 
enough, Giabal, just as he was on the point of overtaking 
< J iafar, instead of attempting to secure his stolen steed, sud- 
denly gave his own sign bv calling out loudly, "pinch its right 
ear, and give the spur!" And the next minute Giafar, dashing 
forward, was out of sight. And this was Giabal's answer, 
when reproached at having thus caused the loss of his horse: 
"What!" said he, "would you have it said in the tribe that 
my liorse was outrun by another ? Nay; rather would I have 
the satisfaction I now have of knownig that no other could 
overtake it: rather, in truth, would I lose it. than suffer its 
good name to be taken away!" 



A METHODICAL Man. — Or. Chalmers had an eye to numer- 
ical arrangement in almost everything he did. His biogra- 
pher (Dr. Hanna) relates that "it regulated every part of his 
toilet, down even to the daily stropping of his razor. Regin- 
ning with his minimum, which was two strokes, he added odo 
stroke more each day successively, till he got up to a number 
fixed on as bis maximum, on reaching which he reversed the 
process, diminishing the number by one each day, till the low- 
est point was touched. Ili^ staff was put down to the ground 
regularly at each fourth footfall; ami the number of its de- 
scents gave him a pretty accurate measure oi the space over 
which he walked.*. Habit bad rendered the counting oi these 
decents an easy, indeed almost a mechanical operation; so that, 
though meeting friends and sustaining an animated i-onvcr- 
sation, it still went on." 





LIE IITSTBUCTOB. 



fflji$ jjnuenil^ Iftisfntciotr. 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, 



EDITOR. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 1. 1870. 



EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




;NE of the revelations given through the 
prophet Joseph Smith for the guidance 
of the Latter-Jay Saints eontaius these 
words: 

"Inasmuch as parents have children in 
Zion, or in any of her stakes which are 
organized, that teach them not to under- 
stand the doctrine of repentance, faith 
in Christ the son of the living God, and 
of baptism and the gift of the Holy 
Ghost by the laying on of the hands when eight 
years old, the sin be upon the heads of the 
parents; for this shall be a law unto the inhabit- 
ants of Zion, or in any of her stakes which are 
organized; and their children shall be baptized 
for the remission of their sins when eight years old, 
and receive the laying on of the hands, and they 
shall also teach their children to pray and to walk 
uprightly before the Lord." 

A few visits to Snnday schools lately have tended to impress 
upon us the wisdom and imporance of this injunction, and the 
disregard with which it is treated by many parents among us. 
The parents of the children now growing up in our valleys 
mostly joined the Church in other lands. They valued their 
religion so highly that they forsook their former homes and 
journeyed hither that they might be free to follow its precepts 
and raise a "righteous seed." in whom the principles so dear to 
them would be perpetuated. It should be the ambition of these 
parents to see their children grow up with the same love for 
and devotion to their religion that inspired them in years 
past. 

This probably is the desire of every Latter-day Saint; but 
many of them, through being absorbed in business and in pro- 
viding for the temporal sustenance of their families, are led, 
perhaps unconsciously, to neglect their religious training. 

Sunday schools have been established in our midst for the 
purpose of training the children in the principles enjoined 
upon us by that revelation, and others, and every Saint, 
especially those who have children, should give these schools 
their hearty support. They should not only send their children 
to the Sunday school, but they should attend themselves as 
much as possible and encourage the little oues by their preseuce. 
They should also assist by their means to furnish those attrac- 
tions in the shape of books and rewards of various kinds which 
are so necessary to make a succes>fnl Sunday school. 

Hut what are the facts in regard to Sunday schools? In too 
many cases not only the labor and care of teaching the children, 
but the entire expense of the school, falls upon the superintend- 
ent, and a very few devoted teachers. We have one Sunday 
school in our mind, where there is but one teacher who is a 
parent that has children attending the school. The super- 
intendent and several of the teachers have lo children of 
their own, but they feel sufficient interest in the trainine of 
i\ others' children to willingly spend their time every Sabbath 




K 



morning in teaching them. But this is not all they are 
required to do. To meet the expenses of the school, the 
superintendent, a man only in moderate circumstances, settles 
the bills himself, amounting, in one instance at least, to nearly 
a score of dollars at a time. 

This should not be. Parents should take more interest in 
the training of their children on the Sabbath day. We write 
this for those who have been remiss in this respect. We trust 
they will improve, and that our Sunday schools will receive 
the support from them that they deserve to. We should at 
least be as zealous in teaching our children the principles of 
our religion as our enemies are in poisoning their minds 
against them. There are many in our midst who are devoted 
to the despicable work of misleading our children, and this 
fact should stimulate us to redouble our diligence to save 
them. 



DID it ever occur to our young readers that there Is some- 
thing remarkable about the opposition the Latter-day 
Saints have met with at the hands of others who profess to be 
followers of Christ? Of all the various religious sects that 
abound in the world — and there are hundreds of them, profess- 
ing to believe in the Bible and follow its precepts — there is not 
one that is so universally opposed and persecuted as the Saints 
are. The professors of the various creeds all claim that their 
religion, and theirs only, is the true one. And many of them 
manifest a good deal of hatred towards all those who believe 
differently to themselves. But when it comes to "Mormonism," 
as they call it. they not only all despise it, but they are all ready 
to unite in opposing it and trying to crush its believers out of 
existence. The worst form of heathenism in the world does 
not even meet with such opposition from them. And yet the 
Latter-day Saints believe in the Bible, that book which is the 
accepted rule of faith to all these professed Christians who 
oppose them. And there in nothing in their faith or practice 
but what is in accordance with the Bible teachings. 

Of course, the excuse now for the persecution to which the 
Saints are subjected, is that they believe in and practice the 
obnoxious doctrine of a plurality of wives. That, however, was 
not the excuse in the early days of the Church, fur no such 
doctrine was advocated or practiced by the Saints then. But 
was the opposition any less severe then? Nor in the least. Bit- 
ter hostility towards the work of God commenced directly after 
Joseph Smith, then a boy fourteen and a half years old, made 
known that he had been visited by heavenly beings. This hos- 
tility continued throughout his life until he was martyred; and 
it lias been kept up ever since. And yet the Latter-day Saints 
are a peaceable people. They have infringed upon no one's 

rights. Their cr 1 teaches them to observe morality, good 

older, charity towards their enemies and forbearance when they 
are persecuted. 

Then how are we to account for this hostility? 

We will tell you. The Savior when upon the earth told His 
disciples that they should be "hated of all men" for His name's 
sake. Then, again, lie said. "If ye were of the world, the 
world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, 
hut I have chosen ye out of the world, therefore the world 
hateth you." 

This is the secret of it. The hostility which is so universally 
arrayed against the work that we are engaged in is an evidence 
of its divinity. 

In all that we are called upon to endure for the gospel's 
sake, we have the words of the Savior to comfort us: "If the 
world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you, 





O-TT^VEHsTZLiE] HTSTRTJOTOIl. 



55 




WONDERS OF THE OCEAN. 



IT is only recently, since the researches made by microseop- 
ists have extended our insight into the nature of the 
animal kingdom, that the true history of sponge has been 
revealed. It was formerly considered to belong to the vege- 
table kingdom. Even yet, in oriental countries, it is fabricated 
into textures resembling cloth, and known to the Japanese as 
"sea cotton." But it is now established by the aid of the 
microscope that sponse is a true animal; and there are a very 
great many genera and species of spongia known to naturalists- 
The work of classifying these creatures is said to be one of 
much difficulty, but the animal nature of the vital oarc of the 
sponge is clearly made out and explainod. So we may be 
quite satisfied that the sponge of the toilet and the useful 
substance so convenient for cleansing purposes is the tough 
skeleton remains of the sarcode, or fleshy part of an animal. 
In its native element the sponge animal is jelly-like, but 
Nature has made a provision for its support in the water, not 




SPONGE UPON SEA-WEED, 

by bones, as in higher animals, but by a horny substance. 
Around this the fleshy part lives, much in the same way that 
certain corals support the polyp structure. 

The sponge animals perform the lifc functions by inhaling 
and exhaling, by means of tubes, through orifices performing 
the friendly office of a mouth. To give additional support to 
the sponge sarcode, it is frequently filled out with spicules, or 
tiny threadlike but hard particles ol mineral matter, consist- 
ing of silex or lime, intermixed with the sponge substance — 
keratose, or horn, the true sponge of commerce when pre- 
pared for the market. 

One very curious animal of the sponge family is the glass- 
rope sponge, of the Indian Ocean [hyalonema sieboldit.) In 
this species, the thread like spicules — the skeleton is all 
silex; even the rope-like part connecting the thread-like parti- 
cles with the head. The head, in fact, is composed of fine 
interlaced fibres of a natural glass, instead of the horny sub- 
stance, keratose. 



The artificial threads of glass spun by glass-blowers are 
worked up into fabrics of great beauty. One of our brethren, 
named Hulbert, has exhibited some of this kind of fabric at 
the Deseret Museum, which was made forthe great exhibition 
at Philadelphia. But what shall we think of an animal whose 
head and entire skeleton are formed of threads of silex, or 
flint, a natural, pliable glass ! 

One celebrated microscopist describes the examination of 
the spicules found in the head of the glass-rope sponge. 
Taking a sheet of white paper, a dried hyalonema head was 
shaken over it. A little dust fell out of it. This was treated 
with nitric acid, to dissolve out everything but the glass 
spicules. After careful filtration, the dust was examined with 
a powerful microscope, and found to consist of beautiful forms, 
resembling crosses, lances, feathers and churn dashers. Some 
were cones, apparently as large as sugar loaves; others were 
truncated. Some were shell-like, and were probably remains 
of animals that had been eaten [foramenifera) as food. 
As to sea weeds, the structure of some of them has been 

described in the Instructor 
already. Forms of great 
beauty are found in the 
ocean among the sea-moss- 
es, as they are called, some 
of which belong to the min- 
eral and some to the vegeta- 
ble kingdom. 

The sponge of commerce 
is prepared for market by 
dissolving out the calcare- 
ous matter with dilute acids, 
the odor of which may some- 
times be detected in new 
sponge, but the spicules 
consisting of silex cannot be 
thus removed. So any per. 
son who possesses a good 
microscope may easily pre- 
pare the necessary material 
lor microscopic observation 
by shaking the dust from a 
sponge, subjecting it to the 
action of strong nitric acid, 
washing the remains in pure 
water, filltering through blot- 
ting paper and preservirg 
Neptune's glove. the dry dust for examination. 

No one can, from a written description, form an adequate 
conception of the effect produced by the beautiful beings that 
live in the ocean, especially in warm climates. The most 
commonplace observers are struck with admiration in behold 
ing the dainty gardens of the sea. These sea-mosses, corals 
nnd sponges luxuriate in every conceivable variety oi form. 
The mariners and those who are familiar with some of these 
curious creatures generally name them on account of some 
fancied resemblance to more familiar objects. One form of 
coral has been given the name of "Neptune's glove," 
and another the name of "Neptune's cup." Others are 
called sea-mushrooms and sea-fans. There, strewed over the 
sea bottom, a famous poet once saw them and grouped them 
in n lovely pen picture: 

"And here were coral bowers, 
And grots of madrepores, 
And banks of Bponge as Boft and fair to eye 
As e'er was moBsy bed. 




i# 







56 



JUVE1TILE I1TSTRUCTOB 



cF 



Whereon tin- fairies lie: 
Here, too, were living flowers, 
Which, like a bud compacted, 
Their purple cups contracted 
And now in open blossom spread ' 



<£uriastltc£ in ijmitait £wl 



AM< >NG THE KAFFIRS. 
rpiIK mode of living among the Kaffirs of South Africa is 
1 quite interesting. Locusts, similar to those which have 
infested our Territory, and which are sometimes called by us 
grasshoppers, constitute an important article of diet with them. 
The following is given as the manner of catching and curiug 
them: 

"As soon as the shades of evening render the locusts help- 
less, the natives turn out in a body, with sacks, skins, and 
everything that can hold the expected prey, those who possess 
such animals bringing pack oxen in order to bear the loads 
home. The locusts are swept by millions into the sacks, with- 
out any particular exertion on the part of the natives, though 
m.t without some danger, as venomous serpents are apt to come 
for the purpose of feeding on the insects, and are sometimes 
roughly handled in the darkness. 

'When the locusts have been brought home, they are put 
into a large covered pot, and a little water is added to 
them. The fire is then lighted under the pot, and the 
locusts are then boiled, or rather steamed, until they 
sufficiently cooked. They are then taken out of the 
I". i. and spread out in the sunbeams until they are quite 
dry; and when this part of the process is completed, they are 
shaken about in the wind until the legs and wings tall off, and 
are carried away just as the chaff is carried away by the breeze 
when com is winnowed. When (hey are perfectly dry, they 
are stored away in baskets, or placed in the granaries - just as 
if they were corn. 

sti aes the natives eat them whole, just as we eat shrimps, 
and. if they can afford such a luxury, add a little salt to them.' 
I sually, however, the locusts are treated much in the same 
manner a- corn or maize. They are ground to powder by the 
mill until they are reduced to meal, which is then mixed with 
so as to form a kin. I of porridge. A good locust sea- 
-n is always acceptable to the natives, who can indulge their 
'us appetites to analmosl unlimited extent, and in conse- 
quence become quite fat in comparison with their ordinary ap- 
pearance. So valuable, indeed, are the locusts, that if a na- 
i can make hi- companions believe that his incanta- 
tions have brought the locust-, he is sure to be richly icwarded 
by them, 

"Meat, when it can be obtained, is the great luxury of a 
Kaffir. l:-"l'i- hi- favorite meat; but he will, at that of many of 
th- native animals, though there is -ome, including all kinds of 
fish, which he will not touch. With a very few exceptions, 
such a- .I,,- , land, the wild animal, of Southern Africa do not 
1, v.ry succulent food. Venison, when taken from asemi- 

"""- "" i red deer, or a throe-parts domesticated fallow 

dcr. ,. B very diffen m meal to thai obtained from a wild deer 
or antelope. As a general rule. BUCn animals have verv little 
rat about them, and .heir flesh, by reason of constant exercise 
and small supply of food, i- exceedingly tough, and would 
biffle the. laws of any but a very hungry man. 



I 



"Fortunately for the Kaffirs, their teeth and jaws are equal to 
any task that can be imposed upon them in the way of mastica- 
tion, and meat which a European can hardly manage to eat 
is a dainty to his dark companions. The late Gordon Cuui- 
ming, who had as much experience in hunter life as most men, 
used to say that a very good idea of the meat which is usually 
obtained by the gun in Kaffirland may ba gained by taking the 
very worst part of the toughest possible beef, multiplying the 
toughness by ten, and subtracting all the gravy. 

"The usual plan that is adopted is, to eat at once the best 
parts of an animal, and to cure the rest by drying it in the sun. 
This process is a very simple one. The meat is out into thin, 
long strips, and hung on branches in the open air. The burn- 
ing sunbeams soon have their effect, and convert the scarlet 
strips of raw meat into a substance that looks like old shoe- 
leather, and is nearly as tough. The mode of dressing it is 
to put it under the ashes of the fire, next to pound it between 
two stones, and then to stew it slowly in a pot, just as is done 
with fresh beef. Of course, this mode of cooking meat is 
only employed on the march, when the soldiers are unable to 
take with them the cooking-pots of domestic life. 

"Sometimes, especially when returning from an unsuccessful 
war, the Kaffirs are put to great straits for want of food, and 
have recourse to the strangest expedients for allaying hunger. 
They begia by wearing a 'hunger -belt,' i. e., a belt passed 
several times round the body, and arranged so as to press upon 
the stomach, and take off for a time the feeling of faint sick- 
ness that accompanies hunger before it develops into starvation. 
As the hours pass on, and the faintness again appears, the 
hunger-belt is drawn tighter and tighter. This curious remedy 
for hunger is to be found in many parts of the world, and has 
long been practiced by the native tribes of North America. 

"The hungry soldiers, when reduced to the last straits, have 
born known to eat their hide-shields, and, when these were 
finished, to consume even the thongs which biud the head of 
the assagai to the shaft. The same process of cooking is 
employed in makirjg the tough skin eatable; namely, partial 
broiling under ashes, then pounding between stones, and theu 
stewing, or boiling, if any substitute for a cooking-pot can be 
found." 



A Man of Business.— According to Sir Richard Baker, the 
versatility of the celebrated Cecil, Lord Burleigh, as well as 
his untiring activity, was astonishing. He tells us that be- 
sides attending to business in council, he daily wrote twenty 
or thirty letters on subjects of a domestic character, and many 
despatches connected with foreign affairs; while there never 
passed a day during term time in which he did not receive 
from sixty to a hundred petitions which he commonly read 
the same nieht. Nothing seems to have been considered too 
momentous for him, or minute. His opinion was solicited at 
one and the same time on the succession of a queen and the 
punishment of a schoolboy; the terms of a treaty and a reg- 
ulation for the lining of a slope-hose; an insurrection in the 
north and a brawl in the streets of London. 



11k who is false to present duty breaks a thiead in the loom, 
and will see the defect when the weaving of a lifetime is 
enrolled. 



Friendship supplies the place of everything to those who 
know how to make the right use of it: it makes your prosperity 
more happy, your adversity more easy. 



. -t si 



Frr 




J T7 "V IE 1ST I r. JE IUSTRTJOTOB 




"VCT^UST, THE CULTURE- 
HE^O OIF TEE 



BY G. M. 0. 




IN the year 1857, in the city of Vienna, a book now generally 
kuown under the title of Pqpol Vuh (national book) was first 
placed before the public in its modern translation, under the 
following heading: "A History of the Origin of the Indians 
of the Province of Guatemala, Translated from the Quiche 
Language by R. P. F. Francisco Ximenez," etc. 

Dr. Scheizer, who prefaces the modern work with an intro- 
duction, states that the learned and truthlul Dominican 
Father. Francisco Ximenez, made his translation in the early 
part of the eighteenth century, while filling the office of curate 
in a little Indian town in the mountains of Guatemala. He 
left many manuscripts relating to the Indians and their history, 
some of them containing severe strictures on the barbarous 
treatment inflicted by the colonial authorities upon the natives, 
which caused a partial destruction and total suppression of 
his writings. What remained of them lay for a long time 
hidden in an obscure corner of a Guatemalan convent, and 
eventually, during one of the numerous revolutions and 
religious suppressions, got into the library of San Carlos 
(Guatemala). It was here discovered by Dr. S.che;zer, in June, 
1853, and carefully copied. 

According to Father Ximemz, the bonk is a literal transla- 
tion or copy of an original book, written by one or more 
Quiches in the Quiche language, in Roman letters, after the 
Christians had occupied Guatemala, to replace the original 
Popol Vuh, or national book. The manuscript contained the 
original Quiche text, and the Spanish curate's translation. 
Ximenez discovered the document in the la'ter part of the 
seventeenth century. 

The learned Abbe, Brasseur de Bourl ourg, dissatisfied with 
the translation, settled himself, in 1860, among the Quiches, 
and, helped by the natives and his own practical knowledge 
of the language, he elaborated a new and literal translation 
which was published in Pari?, in 1861. 

From this and other important works relating to the ancient 
Americans, written by Bourbourg, whose indefatigable re- 
searches and labors deserve the greatest praise, we are indebted 
for much of our knowledge relating to the American culture- 
hero and voyager, Votan. "By some writers this early col- 
onizer is said in have been a descendant of Noah, and to have 
assisted at the building of the Tower of Babel. After the 
confusion of tongues he led a portion of the dispersed people 
to America. There he established the kingdom of Xibalba, 
and built the city of Palenque." (Bancroft, Nittivt Races, 
Vol. 5, 27. I 

A book written in ihe Quiche language was in tin-' possession 
df and burned by the bishop of Chiapas (Nunez de la \ r ega) 
in 1691. Before destroyii g the manuscript, however, be pub- 
lished extracts from it, and previous to the burning Ordonez 
y Aguiar obtained a copy of it, written in Latin. Dr. Paul 
Felix C:il i! era also, in the latter part of the eighteenth century, 
saw and described the document, at that time in the possession 
of Ordonez, a native and resident of Chiapas. The book, or 
manuscript, purports to be a copy oi a work written by Votan, 
entitled "Proof that I am Culebra" (a snake), The manu- 
script, according to Cabrera, recorded Votan' s arrival with 
seven families in the country now known as Yucatan. It 



appears he (Votan) made other voyages to and from the old 
world. Returning from one of these voyages, he found that 
other families had joined his colony, and recognized in them 
the same origin as his own. that is, of the Culebras. He 
speaks of the place where he built the first town, named 
Tzequil, and having taught the people who had joined his 
colony refinement of manners in regard to their eating, etc., 
they in return taught him the knowledge of God and of His 
worship. Cabrera, from Votan's expression, as given in his 
book, is the same as hicim. or (/trim, the Phoenician word for 
snake, and refers to the Hivites, descendants of Heth, son of 
Canaan. Hence the expression, "I am a Chivim" means "I 
am a Hivite." 

Ordonez says Votan proceeded to America by divine com- 
mand and apportioned out the land, or laid the foundation of 
civilization. He founded the city of Nachan, or Palenque. 
and made four voyages to his former home. Returning from 
one of those visits, he found several people had arrived at 
Palenque, and in them he recognized his own nationality. He 
showed them many favors, and in return they made him a 
ruler, nnd his city — Nachan (city of the serpents) so called 
from his own name, soon became the center of a great 
empire in what is now called the Usumasinta region. 

Bancroft, in summing up the traditions relating to Votan, 
says (Vol. 5, p. 159), he was a civilizer, a law-giver and intro- 
ducer of the Maya culture. He came by sea from the east. 
From whence he started, or over the number of his visits, it 
is not necessary to indulge in speculation. His reported acts 
in America, where he came to civilize, were the dividing or 
apportioning of the lands among the people; their instruction 
in the new institutions they were required to adopt; the build- 
ing of a great city, Nachan, afterwards the metropolis of an 
empire; the reception of a new band of disciples of his own 
Tace, who were allowed to share in the success of the enter- 
prise, with other minor enterprises. He finally wrote a "book," 
in which was inscribed a complete record of all he bad done, 
with a defense or proof of his claims to be considered one of 
the Chanes, or serpents. 

The name Tzequils, applied to Votan's followers by the 
aborigines, or families who joined him after his arrival, is said 
to mean, "men with petticoats," from the peculiar dress worn 
by the new-comers. 

Bancroft, in referring to the names Chanes. or serpents, and 
Nachan, or city of serpents, says it is of considerable historical 
importance when it is noted that they are exact equivalents 
of Culhuas and Culhuacan, found so prevalent in the Nahua 
traditions of the north. 

At the time of Cabrera's visit, Ordonez was engaged in 
writing an elaborate "History of Heaven and Earth," a work, 
which, as the learned doctor predicted, would a-tonish the 
world. But the manuscript was never published. The historical 
portion was lost, and only a few fragments or copies have 
fallen into Bourbourg's bands. 

( Ordonez was familiar with the Tzendal language and ancient 
monuments of his native state. Devoted to antiquarian 
researches, he bad excellent opportunists to listen to and 
record traditions of his ancestors' greatness, His lust history 
related the progress of those ancestors "from Chaldea, imme- 
diately alter the confusion of tongues "The ancient power 
whose center was in Chiapas extended north east and into 
Yucatan." 

The personage whose name appears first in the Maya tradi- 
tion in this disertation is Zamna, who taught the people 
writing (the hieroglyphic alphabet), and gave a name to each 





,T IT "^T -E ZLST I IL IE INSTRUCTOR 



58 





locality in Yucatan. "His role, so far as anything is known of 
it, was precisely the same as that of Votan, in Chiapas. 
(Bancroft, Vol. 5, p. 224.) 

A prevalent opinion among the Mayas at the time of the 
conquest was that Yucatan was settled in ancient times by two 
races or colonies, one from tin east, the other from the west-, and 
that the migration from the east preceeded that from the west 
by many centuries. Cogalludo concludes that the colony from 
the east was the first and most numerous, becau-e of the 
spread of the Maya language and Maya names of places 
throughout the peninsula. Other writers infer that the first 
and great colony came from the west. 

The tradition, vague as it is, makes Zuinna and his follow- 
ers come from the east, and is identical with that of Votan. 
Z unna was th i first temporal and religious leader, the civilizer 
and Wish priest and law giver, who introduced and organized 
Maya culture. He was accompanied, like Votan, by a band 
of priests, artisans and soldiers. He died at an advanced age 
and was buried at Izamal. a city supposed to have been at 
that time near the sea-shore, and named for hi in— probably 
founded by him. Here bis followers erected a sacred temple 
in honor of his memory, which was for many years the favdrite 
shrine for pilgrims. 

The Nahua nations, whose colonies extended north-westward 
from this Votanic center, have records and traditions similar 
to and as complicated as those of the Mayas and Tzendals. 

Sahagun, justly esteemed one of the best authorities, says: 
"Countless year* ago the first settlers came in ships, by sea, 
Prom the »ast. They bad with them their wise men and pro- 
phets.' 

The first homes of these colonizers are located by Sahagun 
in the province of Gruatema'a. The arrival of Gucumatz and 
hi- companions and their settlements somewhere uear the 
Usumasinta river agrees with the founding of Xibalba and 
the Votanic empire, as related in the other narrative. 

The Olmecs and Xicalaneas, who, with other nations, are 
supposed to have preceeded the Toltecs in Mexico, are con- 
ceded by all authorities to be Nahuas. As nation*, they 
became extinc before the Spanish conquest, and tradition 
fi-st notices them on the south-eastern coast, to which place 
they had comt in thipsfrom theeast. 

We find here in these secular histories and traditions a 
remarkable confirmation of the historical poriion of the Book 
of Mormon. A careful reading of the Book of Omni (Book 
of Mormon I will give a correct version of the early settlement 
of Yucatan by the colony led by Mulek (Votan, or Zamna) 
fiom Jerusalem, and we see plainly wherein modern writers 

1, me confused, by confounding the two histories, that of 

the people of Zarahemla and that on the engraved stone, 
recording the history of the Jaredites who came to America 
shortly after the confusion of tongues at Babel, which is fully 
related in the Book of Ether (Book of Mormon). 

We find the secular and sacred histories definite and in 
harmony in regard to the arrival by sea from the east of the 
immigrants; also that they were not the first settlers; and 
though having refinement of manners, "they denied the being 
of their Creator. " Tradition says they were joined by a peo- 
ple who originally came from their own country in the east, 
which doubtless ha-> allusion to the union of the people of 
Zirahemla with the Nephites, under Mosiah. They found 
records of a previous colony, and their account of these have 
in time probably become confused and intermingled in the 
secular story of their own history, to the confusion of modern 
researchers. 



This confounding of the three histories (the Jaredites', 
Votans', and the union with Mosiah) has probably confused 
Ordenez, and led to the inference that Votan made several 
voyages. 

Flere also rises an important question from the definite 
location givtn by the secular narntives of the ancient city 
Zamna, Is it not possible that the great Rio Usumasinta, 
'flowing north into the sea," may be the ancient river Sidon? 
Those remarkable and world-famous ruins known under the 
name of Palenque uiay yet be proven to be the remains of 
that "great city and religious center" of the aboriginals, 
cilled Zirahemla. "This city may have been identical with 
Xibalba; the difficulty in dii-proving the identity is equaled 
only by that of proving it." (Bancroft, Vol. 5, p. 295.) 

The ruins are found on a branch or tributary of the 
Usumasinta, and their extent is undefined. Several travelers 
have written descriptions of these remarkable ruins. Possibly 
the best are by Walde.ck, with drawings, who visited the 
ruins in 1SM2, and that of Stephens, with Catherwood's draw- 
ings, who visited and explored the ancient city in 1840. 

All the old traditions and records relating to the early colo- 
nizers are unamious in describing them as white men with 
beards. 

But the so called Palenque is not the only city in the old 
Maya dominion; the whole country is doited with ruins, and 
there are unmistakable evidences of its having at one time 
been inhabited by a dense and industrious population. 



.A. DIALOGUE, 

Bttiveen a Gentile Gen.tlema?i and a "Mormon" Youth. 



Gentile Gentleman. — "Young man, can you tell me what, 
that building is?" 

'Mokmon" Youth. — "That is the Temple of the Lord." 

G. G. — "Andthatin thecorner?" 

M. Y.— "Thatis the new Tabernacle, sir." 

G. G. — "And that larger one beyond?" 

M. Y. — "That i< the large Tabernacle, sir." 

G G.— ""What arc they all for?" 

M. Y. — "To worship God in." 

G. G. — "But why are so many buildings needed? Why would 
not one he sufficient?" 

M. Y. — "They arc for different purposes," 

G G.— "What is that small Tabernacle for?"' 

M. Y.— "For public meetings, and for meetings of various 
Church officers, or authorities, for various purposes. It will be 
very convenient for public meetings in the winter or in bad 
weather, and for some other meetings at any time." 

G. G. — "What is the large Tabernacle for?" 

M. Y. — "For public meetings." 

G. G. — "Why not use that for public meetings all the time?" 

M. Y. — "Because it is too large, and it is too cold in winter. It 
is more especially used to hold general conferences in, which are 
held twice a year, at which times it is frequently full." 

G. G. — "How many people will it hold?" 

M. Y. — "Ten or twelve thousand. But I presume fifteen thou- 
sand, if the standing room was fully occupied as well as the sitting 
room." 

G. G. — "That is a large congregation." 

M. Y. — "Yes, sir, and the building is sometimes so full that 
hundreds of people remain outside during the services." 

G. G.— "What is the Temple for?" 

M. Y. — "It is for various purposes." 

(J. G. — "Can you tell me some of them?" 

M. Y. — "Yes, sir. It is a place for the instruction of the mem- 
bers of the priesthood in (heir duties. It is a place for prayer and 





CTTJ^TEl^TILE! IKSTBTJCTOB 



59 




supplication to be made to the Most High. It is a place for mak- 
ing and perfecting different organizations in the Church. It is a 
place for the Lord to make known His will and show forth His 
glory when He sees proper to do so. It is a place in which to 
attend to many of the holy ordinances of salvation. It is a place 
for baptism for the living and for the dead. It is the proper place 
to attend to the ordinance of marriage, and to various other 
ceremonial observances connected with the gospel." 

G. G. — "But can'tall necessary religious ordinances be attended 
to anywhere else as well as in a Temple?" 

M. Y. — "The Temple of the Lord is the proper place in which 
to administer in many very important ordinances of the gospel. 
That is the place appointed of the Lord in His wisdom. Other 
places are used for those purposes, or some of them, sometimes, 
but only temporarily and by permission, until such time as a 
Temple can be built and prepared for use." 

G. G. — "You think, then, that God's people must have a 
Temple?" 

M. Y. — "Yes, sir. The Jews had their Temple at Jerusalem, 
and on this continent anciently various temples were built to the 
name of the Lord." 

G. G. — "How long has this Temple been in building?" 

M. Y.— "Sixteen years next April." 

G. G. — "How much longer will it be before it is finished?" 

M. Y. — "I do not know. It may depend greatly on circumst- 
ances in the future, which are now unforeseen." 

G. G. — "Have the Mormons built any other Temples?" 

M. Y. — "Yes, sir. One at Kirtland, in Ohio; one at Nauvoo, 
in Illinois; one at St. George, on the southern border of this Ter- 
ritory. ' ' 

G. G.— "Anymore?" 

M. Y. — "No, sir. But there is one now being builtat Manti, in 
Sanpete Valley, and another at Logan, in Cache Valley, and the 
corner-stone of one was laid at Far West, Missouri, Aug. 26, 1839, 
which we expect will be completed at some future time." 

G. G. — "Why did the Mormons leave those Temples which they 
had built in the States?" 

M. Y. — "They were not allow d to live there and use them." 

G. G. — "Do the Mormons anticipate building any more than 
those you have named?" 

M. Y. — "Yes, sir, as many more as shall be necessary. As the 
people grow in numbers, their expectation is to build temples in 
various parts of this continent as fast as they shall be needed for ' 
the purposes for which they are designed." 

G. G. — "Are these Temples which are now being built all alike?" 

M. Y. — "No, sir. There is a good deal of variation in the 
detail, although they all have somewhat of a resemblance in the 
main idea as to internal conveniences." 

G. G. — "Then the temples yet to be built will not be all alike?" 

M. Y. — "I presume thay will not. However, that will be as the 
Lord shall direct." 

G. G. — "Will there be any one more important than another?" 

M. Y.— "I understand there will." 

G. G. — "Where will that be located?" 

M. Y. — "My understanding is that it will be at Independence, 
Jackson County, Missouri." 

G. G. — "Has the site of that Temple been designated?" 



M. Y— "Yes, sir; and the 

August, 1881." 
G G.— "Why was that Ten 
M. Y. — "Because the people k 

have built it. were not allowed u 



pot Wll 

i>1 



dedicated 



>u 



the 8rd of 



not built then?" 
[>wn as "Mormons," 
live in that country, 



win 



Mild 

that 




G. G.— "They have greater faith than I have." 

M. Y.— "Very likely, sir." 

G. G. — "I see no probability of any such event. I can hardly 
think it will ever come to pass." 

M. Y. — "The 'Mormon' people increase in numbers, and if 
they continue to do so, and still maintain their faith in this respect, _ 
what is to hinder them? After a number of years, in all probabil- 
ity, they will be sufficiently numerous and wealthy to buy the 
whole state of Missouri if they shall unitedly wish to do so, and in 
hat case why could they not complete that Temple and use it as 
riginally designed? The Bible says all things are possible to 
them that believe." 

G. G. — "There is considerable weight in your remarks. They 
open to my mind some ideas I had not thought of before. I am 
obliged to you for your kindness. Good morning." 

M. Y. — "Good morning, sir." 



THIS LYRE-BIRD, 



ONE of nature's singular and beautiful freaks is fouDd 
embodied in the lyre-bird, an inhabitant of the mountains 
of Australia. It seems strange enough to find this large 
bird classed with the wren family, those tiny warblers of 
English hedge-rows, but science pronounces them of a similar 
construction, however different in appearance. The Dame of 
the lyre-bird has been bestowed on account of the resemblance 
of the tail feathers of the male to an ancient lyre, but the 
natives of Australia call it bullen-lullen, in imitation of its 
wild, shrill cry. The color of its plumage is rich rather than 
brilliant. Mostly of dark brownish-gray, it is brightened by 
red on the throat and the short feathers at the base of the tail. 

It is very shy in its habits, choosing haunts among the 
fiickly wooded cliffs, which are almost inaccessible to the most 
daring hunter. Its nest is generally placed in a crotch of some 
tree very near the ground, as it is not a bird of lofty flight, and 
loves best to hide among the low undergrowth of the forest. Its 
r est is roughly built of sticks and leaves, of a round form, with 
the entrance on one side, and seen from a little distance resem- 
bles aheap of forest rubbish tumbled together by chance; but, 
inside, nothing could exceed the softness and delicacy of the 
feather lining supplied by the mother-bird. In this downy nest 
she deposits one tingle egg of ashy gray, spotted with brown. As 
she only nests once a year, it is natural that these birds should 
not be very numerous. They are generally found in isolated 
pairs, and the male jealously resents any infringement upon 
his domain, fighting with a good will any other suitor that may 
dare to cast eyes on his lady. This jealousy is of;cn made use 
of by the natives to entrap the bird. They fnsten a tail from 
some captured bird upon the head, and concealing themselves 
in the bushes, move sufficiently to give n natural swayiDg mo- 
tion to the feathers. When the male sees the appearance of a 
supposed rival, he advances, furious fur battle, and falls an 
easy prey to the hunter. 

The lyre-bird might properly be called the Australian mock- 
ing-bird, for, besides its own peculiar m te it imitates the song 
of other birds, and even human voices. A sawmill was one 
time situated among the Australian mountain-', where these birds 
were known to have their haunts. O.i holidays, when the mil) 
was stopped and still, f.om out the wild, unbroken forest came 
sounds of human laughter and singing, Inn king ol dogs, even 
an imitation of the rough, rasping noise nf the saw. mingled 
with notes of all kinds of birds, ami at intervals the sharp 
shrill bullrn-bulhn, which betrayed the |j m-bird as the imitative 
singer. Efforts have been made to r»i-e tie young of the 
lyrebirds, but they invariably droop ami die after a few months 
of captivity. 





60 



J- TJ "V IE 3ST I L IE IITSTBTJOTOB 




I :MI IP IE?, O "V IE THE SHINIFG MOMENTS. 



Words a Music by R. B. Baird. 




1. Im - 

2. Time 



prove the shin 
flies on wings 



ing 
of 



mo - ments, don t 
lightning, we 



let them pass 
can - not call 



von 
'it 



J ~|- 

by: Work 
back; It 



9 
while the 
comes, then 



sun is 
pass - es 



I.m- -m- -m- ■»■ „ -&■ ••• « m. <s -o- - m -*- -*- -*- -•*- ■*- -•- 

tep »_ £-i r i i — g=pt= — r g-^- fr- S— »— E=aj= — r— -i— i — r=i — i ~-^ 



Fine. 



rrf£ 



_J — 
-« — =- 



radiant, 
forward 



work for the night draws nigh, 
a - long its on - ward track 



* — -< — « -F — ™- — H — ^— H— «- — -»■ — d 5 — *»— 
zzzfz:=tf -E::rs =iH-=3=3- J -=*==*•=* ~- 



"We 

And 



can - not 
if we 



bid 

are 



tne 
not 



3 



T' 



Efcf!=] 



:t?=: 



ft * I* r» 



:c _: 



^ 



lengthen 
e will 



— » — 

out 
fade 



their 



1 

Nor 
For 






rzrr^: 



i* ft i* r 

-^ — '— *- — m m- 



:rc 



sunbeams ^ ^ to 
mindful 3_ the 

=*— i 



HH 



/>. C. 



staj 
was 



can 
life 



we 

is 



ask 

quick 



-« — H- 

:?E± 

the 

in 






-qzt: 









:t: 



T?- 



:!■: 






■« — 
■o — 

shadow 

passing — 

:fc :E: 

■» — »■ 



=*^- 






stay 

sin - 



g— P-> 



is: 



way. 
day. 



pi] 



As winter tines doth follow the pleasant summer days, 
So may our joys all vanish and pass far from our gaze. 
Then should we not endeavor, each day some point to gain. 
That we may here be useful, and every wrong disdain. 



Improve each shining moment, in this you are secure, 
For promptness bringeth safety and blessings rich and pure 
Let prudence guide your actions, be lionet in^your^ heart, 
And God will love and bless you, and help to you impart. 



SCRIPTURE EltTia-ZMT-A.. 



The king whom Abram slew to -a\ e Lot's life? 

The king who.,- son took Jezebel to y ife? 

The kin ir whose pride by God was brought down low ' 

The kinir who. fearful, to a witch did go? 

The king's son « ho was murdered on his bed? 

The kiiiL- who mourned in song his foe when dead? 

The king w ho to Jehoiachin was kind 

The k i 1 1 ir who wool, I not aged counselors mind? 

The kim; who.,, war-like help King Ahaz prayed? 

The king w ho begged that God would grant him aid? 

The king who 1 lied by Ehud's blade? 

The kinir whose mother words of wisdom taught? 

The king's court which the gentle Esther Bought 

The king-built city where a king was si 

The ■ ease hi- 1 

The king wl brother's twin their father slew? 

ho, more than any, heavenly wisdom know'. 

Combine the initials of these roj al names; 

They give a text which mi 1 dor shames. 

1 ■ ii arrays. 

And crowns with beauty the 91 lays. 

walk the fields, and breathe the fragrant air, 

And mark the perfect wisdom everywhere: 

What there like the vaulted 

■1 with these floweret 

Oh thou, who clothest thus the verdant fii 



The answer to the Enigma published in No. 3 is the letter 
H. Vie have received correct solutions from Lucy Ann 
Winward, South Jordau; John Walton, Isabella Walton, 
Mill Creek: Harriet S. Stillman, Lydia Osguthorp, East Mill 
Creek; B. J. Beer, Josiah Burrows, George R. Dent, Martha 
J. Haslam, Salt Lake City. 



It is a very easy thing for a man to be wise for other peo- 
ple. 

J~U"VE3sTII.E nTSTRUOTOR 
Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FIRST AND FIFTEENTH OF EVERY MONTH. 



GEOaOE Q. CANNON. 



_ E.OITOB. 



TERMS IN ADVANCE. 
Single Copy, per Annum. - - - $2,00. 
On Copies Sent by Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage. 

^5@-Office, South Temple Street, One-and-a-half Blocks West 
of Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. 



; r 



s£ 






