^ 



, 9 



loliiuss to th I'nrij! 



^^Jj 




^ 



VOL. 7 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATUEDAY, DECEMBEK 21, 1872. 



NO. 20. 



THE CDJ^F'JUJ^XlSr'S JDOG- 



IN a former number you read sometliiiig about the great at all uncommon for men -who follow the calling of fishermen to 
friendship that exists between men and the canine race or, put to sea alone in their tiny barks. They do not go far out 
in more simple English, between men and dngs. In this num- to sea; but sometimes owing to sudden changes in the wind, or 
ber we present you an engraving — the Captain and his Dog — to storms which come on unlocked Ibr, their condition is of the 
giving a particular example or illustration of the love of the most pitiable kind, for they arc entirely at the mercy of the 
dog for his master, and 
his faithfulness to him in 
times of the greatest dan- 
ger, 




•*.' 



The picture is a fanci- 
ful sketch, but knowing 
the nature of the sym- 
pathy between a kind 
master and a good dog, 
it is one which may have 
taken place in real life 
many and many a time. 
Just look at the picture 
for a moment or two and 
see what it is intended to 
represent. There is a 
rough sea — the waves 
rolling mountains high; 
a tiny craft, or boat, with 
its sails torn and its cords 
snapped asunder, entirely 
at the nicrcy of the rag- 
ing waters; and the un- 
fortunate sailor helpless 
on the beach. Such 
scenes, or some very like 
them, may be seen very 
often in the storujy or 
winter season of the year 
near the sea coast. Many 
men, in such localities, 
get a living for them- 
selves and families by 
fishing. They are gen- 
erally very poor, their 
fishing boat and their 
nets being their stock in 
trade, and the tools upon the use of which their bread depends. 
Jiike very pi.ior men everywhere they must work everyday to 
obtain bread and a moderate supply of the necessaries of life; 
hence iu fair or foul weather, iu rain or in sunshine, in storm 
or in calm, they can hardly afford to have a holiday. It is not 



wind and waves, and 
when thus overtaken 
their boats, like the one 
iu the picture, become 
unmanageable through 
the loss of sails and 
ropes, and the unfortun- 
ate fishermen lose their 
lives and propert}', and 
leave families unprovided 
fur. 

The "Captain" in the 
engraving has evidently 
hail a very narrow escape 
iu the storm which has 
overtaken him. Luckily, 
however, for him, des- 
perate as his case soeuis 
to have been, he had a 
friend near in his faithful 
dog. His boat, as you 
see, is at the mercy of the 
storm; but before this 
depth of misfortune over- 
took him, the "Captain" 
had evidently been trying 
his best to reach the 
shore and safely. But 
this, in a storm, is a 
most perilous operation, 
for tlie breakers ruu high 
at such times, and their 
fury is so great that a 
boat can no more with- 
stand it than an eggshell. 
la this case the unlurtun- 
ate owner of the boat has 
most likely been washed out of it, and into the sea. None can 
imagine the horror of such a position but those who have 
passed through it. Luckily for our mariner he was the pos- 
sessor of a Newfoundland dog, a class of canines very fond of 
the water. They arc a very large and very powerful breed of 



^3^' 



«^^ 



19 



Cr TJ'V^ E :iTI L E I3^STI?.TJOTOI?., 



'fC.* 



dogs, and they seem to understand that one of the objects for 
wliich they were luadc was to save drowning persons. They 
tnke to tlie water as naturally as ducks, and many a man has 
owed his lite to this faeulty of the Newfoundland. This is 
just the jiosition of the Captain in the picture. Washed out of 
his boat near the shore, his faitbful dog has been on the watch, 
and now, although bruised, stunned, and perhaps senseless, his 
life is saved, and his dog seems to be proud of having saved his 
master. 

iSuch a sketch is a good illustration of the risks and hardships 
of the life of the fisherman, and of the undying fidelity of a 
good dog to his master. But fortunate are they who, by daily 
toil, seek and find their bread far removed from tiie dangers of 
the great deep. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



j"E^WEiiji?yir.-nsro- i. 



IN all ages, and among all people, there seems to have been a 
taste for jewelry, or something akin to it, for personal 
adornment; the taste still continues, with some people amount- 
ing to a passion. Articles made of the precious metals and of 
precious stones that are intended for ornaments to be worn on 
the person, as rings, bracelets, earrings, necklaces, chains, seals, 
brooches etc., are called by the general name of jewelry; 
precious stones are called jewels, or gems, as well as by their 
proper names, as diamond, ruby, sapphire, topaz, emerald, 
garnet, amethyst, agate, torquoise, opal etc. 

It is to imitate the real^ not always with a view to deceive, 
that ar.'i/icial jewelry is made, to gratify the taste for these 
tilings at a cheap rate. In large cities, as they rise to 
opulence, dealers in jewelry commence business, to supply this 
demand for personal ornaments, and it is well to know some- 
thing about the nature of things that seem to be indispensable. 

"All is not gold that glitters," is an old saying which 
may have had its origin in allusion to " pyrites," or "fools' 
gold," as the yellow sulphide of iron is called, because it 
deceives the inexperienced. This is equally true of some 
jewelry: unless the man who sells the jewelry is a reliable 
man, it is very likely to be "fools' gold." An experienced 
/('i/hI may know that a ring is gold by the ic/'ir/hf^ but the eije 
can not always detect the real from the false in jewelry. 

The same truth applies to vessels that are covered with silver 
or gold, wealthy persons have their spoons and forks made of 
silver, tood is without doubt nicer when silver is used; any way 
it must be preferable to copper, or "German" silver, which is 
readily oxydized and liable to taste. To gratify the desire for 
an tijijiiyiranre of wealth, 2'l"'''''l vessels and utensils are made, 
the itiirfacc only is covered with the precious metal. In many 
cities where gold and silver coin is current the practice prevails 
.secretly of covering various coins with the precious metals, 
thus causing great inconvenience and absolute loss to individ- 
uals and communities; should coin become current among us in 
this city, no doubt we shall become familiar with thk kind of 
plaliiir/. 

It appears that in ancient tinjcs there were modes of this 
kind of substitution of the base for the precious metals. Coins 
of the old llomans covered with silver arc not uncommon; in 
the middle ages it was a frequent practice to plate articles. 
As to jewelry the "tricks of trade" are practiced in such a 
way as to almost defy detection; the manufacturing goldsmith 
and jeweller being ready to imitate anything required by the 



dealer "for the market," that is, for sale in the stores. It may 
be interesting to describe the mode of operating among the 
ancient goldsmiths of this continent. 

Dr. Van Patten, of Costa liica, an explorer of Central America, 
exhibited some specimens of jewelry^ in this city, that were 
found in the ruined cities of that jiart of this continent. From 
time to time many pounds weight of golden ornaments have 
been found in that country, and, to use the words of the 
Doctor, "((uietly taken possession of before the fact of their 
being there became known," Those shown in this city were 
made of gold; they had been cast in a very skillful manner so 
as to be hollow.with the exception of a ball of base metal inside. 
The gold had been cast in a mould with a piece of dried clay or 
sand inside, (technically called a ''core" by the founder of to- 
day) then the clay had been dissolved out. Most of the speci- 
mens represented small animals, such as the tortoise, frog etc. 
The artificer had also shown much skill in getting a fine color 
to his metal, by judicious alloys, and had "tooled" the work so 
as to give it a fine finish, by the punch and graver. Whether 
the ancient goldsmiths intended to cheat their customers by 
introducing copper into the inside of these things we have no 
means of knowing, although it looks a little suspicious; it shows, 
anyway, that gold was economized in those days, that the 
metallurgist was in existence then, and this was, probably, some 
part of the "all manner of curious workmanship" spoken of in 
the Book of Mormon. Bf.tii. 



j^nsrEOiDOTEs oip itok^ses. 



r 

i power to adapt himself to almost every variety of circum- 
stances, for he is found and seems as much at home in sandy 
Arabia and the tropical regions of the continent of America, 
and in the snowy wastes of Eussia as in England and the tem- 
perate climes of Europe and America. He is large or small, 
fierce or gentle, stout and heavy, light and active just according 
to the circumstances and conditions of himself and his ances- 
tors. In South America and in that portion of the Eussian 
empire called the Ukraine, he runs in herds numbering hun- 
dreds, wild as the zebras or ostriches of Africa, shunning the 
face of man; while in Arabia he is the i)et of his master, and 
the constant object of his care and attention, and th«re is no 
attachment stronger, pei'haps, than that exi:,ting between the 
Arab and his horse. 

Though found wild, as we have already said, in vast num- 
bers, in South America and in Eussia, he was not originally a 
native of either of these countries, so say naturalists. They tell 
us that Arabia is the country whence the horse originally came, 
and it is certainly true that the most beautiful horses in the 
world are still to be found there, although beautiful and very 
valuable horses are to be found in almost every country, espe- 
cially in those of Europe and America. There is no member 
of the brute creation perhaps upon which education has a 
greater effect than upon horses. They can be taught almost 
anything. You need only visit a good circus to see what a high 
degree of intelligence he possesses; and there certainly is no 
animal upon which good or bad treatment has a more marked 
effect. Use him harshly, give him kicks, blows and angry 
words, and ten to one, he will be vicious, and obstinate; but 
deal .gently with him, give him kind words and encouragement, 
and you can hardly require too much from him. Naturally 
there is almost as great differences in the mental condition of 
horses as of human beings. Some are much more intelligent 
than others; and some breeds are noted for excellencies 
of one kind, some for another. The stout, heavy roadster 
would never make a racer, and the nimble racer would perhaps 
never make a good draught horse; but all have their valuable 
points, and from the transmission of their good or bad qualities 



1^2^' 



^^i\ 



i*» 



•S^' 



CTU^EI^IXjEI IlsTSTI^TJOTOI^. 



SOS 



of mind and body to their offspring has arisen what are called 
the various breeds of horses. 

We will now give you several anecdotes of horses, showing 
that they arc intelligent and bold, and can be kind, docile and 
loving, or stubborn, revengeful and vicious according to their 
nature and the treatment they receive; and as they are not 
made up from the fancy of the writers, but are true, they will 
give you a mere correct idea of the real nature of this noble 
boast than anything but experience itself. 

That the horse has great courage has been proved thousands 
of times on the battle field; then the din and uproar, and the 
sound of the drums and trumpets seem to inspire him with fire 
and spirit that nothing can withstand. But Sir Robert 
Gillespie, a British gentleman, tells an anecdote of a very 
favorite Arabian horse that he owned, which coolly faced death 
in a most fearful shape, simply in obedience to his master's 
command. Sir Robert says he was on a race course in Calcutta, 
where many thousand people had gathered for sport. Suddenly 
a tiger escaped from a show, and caused the frightened crowds 
to run in all directions. He mounted his horse and arming 
himself with a spear, such as are used in hunting the boar in 
the East Indies, he rode to the place where the tiger was. As 
soon as the savage beast saw the liors'' and his rider, he 
crouched ready to spring ujjou them. This was a moment 
of terrible danger, but the fear'ess rider gave his equally fear- 
less steed a touch and over the body of the tiger he jumped, 
and as he did so Sir Robert plunged the spear into the tiger's 
spine, causing his instant death. Had the horse paused a 
moment, or stumbled the least he and his rider would most 
surely have met with a miserable death, for the tiger is the 
most savage of all animals, and one of the strongest in crea- 
tion. 

In his Tracil: Round tlie World^ a French writer tells a 
wonderful case of horse courage which he saw at the Cape of 
Good Hope. A ship had been driven on to the rocks in a furi- 
ous wind storm and nearly all the crew washed into the sea and 
drowned. The rest of them were clinging to pieces of the 
wroL^k and while many could see the poor fellows, none could 
help them. Among those on the shore who looked on and saw 
tie dreadful position of the shipwrecked saihjrs was a planter, 
who, it seemed, had a tender lieart but was a very courageous 
man; and he finally niade up his mind to try and save the men 
hanging to the wreck. He had a very powerful horse, noted 
for being a extra good swimmer. The planter blew a little 
brandy up the horse's nose, and then mounting him rode into 
the sea towards the wreck. The waves were rolling mountains 
high, and horse and rider sank beneath them, and the people 
looking on feared they were drowned; but in a few seconds they 
were again seen above water, the horse working his way bravely 
and surely t /wards the fatal rocks. The wreck was reached 
and two men were taken uff and, hanging one to each of the 
planter's legs, they were brought safe to shore. The horse and 
his rider did this seven times, saving fourteen lives, but the 
last time, on the return trip, the kindhearted planter, being very 
tired, lost his balance and was drowned. 

The following anecdote is a good example of both affection 
and intelligence in a pony, which belonged to and had been 
raised by a gentleman in the county of Warwick, (pronounced 
Warrick) in England. Tiiis pony had been jietted by and was 
a great favorite with the family, but more than all with the 
children, and he was as fond of them as they of him. One 
day one of the little girls fell into a large stream which ran 
through tli;^ field where the pony was feeding. There was no 
person near to help the child, and the pony, seeming to know 
her danger, went into the water, caught hold of her clothing 
with his teeth and brought her safe to land. It is very likely 
that he would be a greater pet than ever after that. 

The following is told by M. Arnauld, in his llisfoi-ii «f Ani- 
iivdx about the courage and ferocity of a mule : 




"This animal belonged to a gentleman in Florence, and became 
so vicious and refractory, that he not only refused to submit to 
any kind of labor, but actually attacked with his heels and teeth 
those who attempted to compel him. Wearied with such con- 
duct, his master resolved to make away with him, by exposing 
him to the wild beasts in the managerie of the grand duke. 
For this purpose he was first placed in the dens of the hyenas 
and tigers, all of whom he would have soon destroyed, had he 
not been speedily removed. At last he was handed over to the 
Hon, but the mule, instead of exhibiting any symptoms of 
alarm, quietly receded to a corner, keeping his front opposed to 
his adversary. Once planted in the corner, he resolutely kept 
his place, eyeing every movement of the lion, which was pre- 
paring to spring upon him. The lion, however, perceiving the 
difficulty of an attack, practised all his wiles to throw the mule 
off his guard, but in vain. At length the latter, perceiving an 
opportunity, made a sudden rush upon the lion, and in an 
instant broke several of his teeth by the stroke of his fore feet. 
The ' king of the animals,' as he has been called, finding that 
he had got quite enough of the combat, slunk grumbling to his 
cage, and left the hardy mule master of the battle." 

The killing of the tiger by Sir R. Gillespie when seated on 
his favorite horse, on the race course at Calcutta, has already 
been mentioned; perhaps you would like to know the end of 
that fine animal. It would be hard to find anything printed or 
written showing more clearly the deep affection that animals 
can feel for man. Sir Robert was killed at the storming of 
Kalunga, and when his property was sold the men whom he 
had commanded while alive, anxious to have the horse of their 
old leader amongst them, put their prize money together and 
bought him, the price they paid being five hundred sovereigns, 
nearly twenty-five hundred dollars. When the regiment was on 
the march the favorite charger of their dead commander kept 
his old place at the head of the column. Orders at length came 
for the regiment to return home to England, and the men being 
short of money sold the horse for the same sum they gave for 
him. The gentleman who bought him pLiced him in a meadow 
and provided him a groom, meaning to lee him spend his days 
without doing any work. But the old horse did not like to be 
parted from his friends, the soldiers, and when they Lit he 
refused to eat, and the first chance he had, he broke from his 
groom, galloped to his old place on the parade ground, gave a 
loud neigh, and dropped down and died. 

An uncommon instance of love for his master is told of a 
horse that belonged to a trumpeter in the French army, under 
the first Napoleon, in his great European wars. This horse 
never seemed to be happy except when under his ujaster, and 
the sound of the latter's voice or trumpet, or the sight of his 
uniform, set the horse in a state of joyful excitement. But 
faithful and obedient as he was to his master he was stubborn 
and unruly to all others; and once when turned over to an 
ofiiccr, neither whipping nor coaxing could persuade him to do 
his duty, and he broke loose and ran back to the stand of his 
old master, and rubbed up against him to make him notice him. 
At last the regiment to which the trumpeter belonged was 
defeated, and the trumpeter was wounded so badly that he died. 
His body was not found for several da3's, and then his faithful 
steed was standing by his side; and his grief was so great at 
the loss of his friend that he refused to eat, and pined away and 
died. 

Many more instances of the attadiment and aft'eetion which 
the horse often feels and shows to his master might be given, 
but the preeediiig are enough. IJe can also be obstinate and 
revengeful as Well as doeile and loving; but for anecdotes of 
this kin<l we must wait until some future number. 



Tjiic rose has its thorns, the diamond its specks, ami the best 
man his failings. 



1^ 



.Wi 






204: 



J" U ^ E 2Sr I L E IlSrSTK/TJOTOie/, 



'9^?^^i 



-iCi 



^'5 






52 



f 



EDITOR. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON 

SATURDAY, DKCEMBEK 21, 1872. 




X the first Monday of the present month, 
according to tlie established custom, the 
members of the two branches of the Con- 
gress of the United States — the Senate 
and House of Eepreseutatives — met in 
the capitol building at Washington, to 
commence their important labors as the 
legislators or law makers of the nation. 
On that same day, as is usually the case, 
the yearly message of the President of the ! or anythin 



In but one of them (Utah) is the condition of affairs unsatisfac- 
tory, except so ftir as the quiet of citizens may be disturbed by 
real or imaginary danger of Indian hostilities. It has seemed 
to be the policy of the legislature of Utah to evade all responsi- 
bility to the government of the United Slates and even to hold 
a position in hostility to it. I recommend a careful revision of 
the present laws of that Territory by Congress and the enact- 
ment of such a law as the one proposed in Congress at its last 
session, for instance, or something similar to it, as will secure 
peace, the equality of all citizens before the law, and the ulti- 
mate extinguishment of polj'ganiy." 

Many of you know that in the two or three years past several 
of the Elders have been arrested by the United States officers, 
and biought into the courts of law, and tried and persecuted on 
various pretences. You have also heard that these proceedings 
were conducted by men notorious for their oft-expressed per- 
sonal hate to those whom they prosecuted. No such person is 
ever fit to conduct a prosecution in a court of justice, for if 
there is one position which, more than another, requires a man 
to be free from all personal dislike, either on account of religion 
else, and in which the exorcise of the strictest 



United States was received by those distinguish- 
ed bodies, assembled in joint session. This cus- 
tom is the same as that observed iu a State or a 
Territory. When the legislature of either of 
these meets the business of the session is opened 
by a message from the governor, in which the 
condition of the State or Territory is briefly discussed 
and the views of his excellency given in relation to 
matters U)ion which ho may think legislation needful 

>le 



justice is necessary it is the position of him who prosecutes iu 
the name of tlie law. But notwithstanding all the plotting and 
schemes of these unjust and wicked men, 3'ou have all learned 
that defeat was the end of their labors. But the passage above 
quoted seems to indicate that before long they may re-commence 
their operations. This impression is also strengthened by the 
removal from office, about two weeks since, of a prominent 
United States officer of justice who, by his honorable course to 
all, "jMormons" as well as others, has made many enemies 



to promote the best interests of the peoi)le of the i among those who have taken the lead in the prosecutions of the 
State or Territory. It is just so with the messpgo of the Presi- ! brethren, 
dent of the United States, witli this difference — instead ofi In quoting the above extract from the message, and mention- 
reviewing the condition of any particular State, and making i ing the removal of the officer referred to, no reflection whatever is 
suggestions to add to its prosperity by legislation, it does so for I meant upon the motives which inspired them. For as all gov- 
the whole United States. ! erament officers, no matter how high their positions, are sworn 

The presidential message generally coinmences with a furmal j to act in accordance with the principles of justice and e'^uity, 
acknowledgement, by the Chief Magistrate, of the mercy or ! it is unfair to suppose, until they give positive proof to the 
overruling providences of the Supreme Being, in the measure of' contrary, that in their official acts they are influenced by any 
prosperity or otherwise which the nation has enjoyed or jiassed ] other motive than to administer the law impartially, and with 



through in the year past. Then follows a review of the general 
condition of the several portions of the coui\tr.v, the financial 
affairs of the troverument, its relations with foreign powers, 
and an3' events which may have happened during the year 
affecting its interests at home or abroad, advice being given 
here and there as to the exercise of the law-making power by 
Congrcs.s on any subject which the President may consider 
necessary for the nation's welfare. 

Among the subjects of i)residential comment in the late nies- 
s;>ge were, the recent great fire at Boston, Geneva and San Juan 
Arbitration, British Fisheries, ^lexico and Cuba, Sjiain and the 
Pacific rciiubics, Brazil and the Argentine Itepublic, relations 
with Japan, reduction of taxation, canals and railroads, army, 
navy, postal matters, Anjcrican shipping, public lands, the 
census, education, agriculiuro, Territorial affairs, and many 
otiicrs, from all of which ynu can fiirm some idea of the nature 
of the annual message of the rresident of tlie United States to 
the Congress thcreuf. 

There is one passage in the late message to (.'ongrcss which 



a desire to promote the best interests of the whole people. 
But it unfortunately happens that the minds and actions of men 
iu high positions are very oft(;u influenced by the false state- 
ments of those who gain their cars; and it can not be otherwise, 
for they can not be everywhere present to see atid judge for 
themselves, and in the absence of knowledge they are as likely 
us men in humble positions to be influenced and misled by 
falsehood. Ignorance or misunderstanding of this kind, with- 
out doubt, led to the composition of the above paragraph in 
relation to this Territory, for all truthful and impartial per.sons 
who have resided here for any length of time know that, Ikjw- 
ever unintentional, nothing could bo further from the truth 
than the statement it contains. 

What eft'ect it may have on the future welfare of those who 
have made Utah Territory what it has often been acknowledged 
to be by non-"JIormons" — the most peaceful and best govern- 
ed portion of the United States, none can tell at present, and it 
does not matter very much. The Saints for more than forty 
years past have been sulijccted to more annoyance and wrong 



has more than comuioii interest for the people of Utah, for it I through proceedings brought about by the i)ower of the enemies 
relates to tlnun, and, if tlie old .saying be true, that coming of all truth than any other body of peojile perhaps that ever 
events cast their shadows before, it is not unlikely that it may j lived; and until Truth triumphs over and completely .subdues 
be followed, at au early day, with a special exercise of the law- l error and wrong, they arc well aware that peace will not abide 
making power of Cotigress on their behalf, for the ))assagc to I with theni for any great length of time. But under all perse- 
whji-h we refer reads as f(jll(jws: ' cutions, trials and troubles, they have been j)rospered, and each 

"Affairs in the Territories are generally .satisfactory. The ' .succeeding contest has incnased their strength. This has been 
capacity of the pioneers who are settling up th; vast domains ' the result of the overruling ]irovidenc(!S of Him v/hom they 
not yet incor])orated into States, are keeping pace in internal serve; and they have an abidin;; faith that as it has been in the 
imprcvemcnts and civil government with older communities, past so it will be in the future, and all these things will work 



*» 





CTTJ^EJnsriXjE] IlsTSTI^TJOTOI^, 



205 rn^ 



together for Zion's growth on the earth, no matter how hard 
her enemies may work, if Zion's friends will but be faithful to 
her. In her case men may propose, but God will most assur- 
edly dispose. This is the faith and spirit which we trust ail 
our young friends will cultivate and cling to; for we can assure 
them that if they do they will never be deceived. 



>e>^^>s<: 



T I-X E 3\/n O L E . 



"nLEEK as a mole," and "blind as a mole'' are common 
O sayings in Great Britain, for in that country moles are 
numerous, and the fact of their fur biung as soft as the softest 
velvet, and their eyes so small that they can scarcely be seen, 
has given rise to the sayings. In walking over the plains and 
through the fields in this country you very often see small 
mounds or hillocks, like mole-hills, which have been thrown up 
by the gophers, animals conmion in the United States which, 
like moles, burrow, or live under ground. Both moles and 
gophers are very much disliked by farm'>rs. B5t gophers are 
about twice as large as moles, and because of the great injury 
they do to the roots of grass, grain, plants, shrubs, etc., the 
farmers, in parts of the country where they arc most numerous, 
freely use poison and traiis to kill them. 

The accompanying engraving is that of the common uiole, 
which is found only in Europe. Its greatest enemies are those 










who till the soil, but naturalists believe that the mole does 
more good than harm, and that when the farmers kOl them all 
off they do not gain anything. The county of Leicester (pro- 
nounced Lester) in England, is noted for the very fine qualii;y of 
its mutton, and in the sheep pastures there are many mole-hills 
on which grow fine thyme and other feed, which is eaten very 
readily and with much relish by the sheep. It is said by those 
who have paid attention to the matter that, in parts where the 
moles have been killed off, the sheep do not do near so well as 
on lands where they are allowed to live and burrow. The same 
is also said of lands where deer graze. 

Now for a short account of the mole and bis habits. The 
common species of Europe is seldom more than six inches long, 
but for such a little creature as he is, he has very great strength. 
His body is thick, and very stout. There is no appearance of 
neck, the head and body being cinsely joined together. His 
eyes are like very small beads; and thotfgh his sense of hear- 
ing is very sharp, he has no cars, or at least none that can be 
seen. He lives underground most of his time, and because of 
the great strength of his legs he can work his way downward 
very fast. His fore legs are the picks with which he digs his 
hole, his hind legs the shovels with which he shovels the dirt 
out of his way; and he is one of the best of miners, for he can 
sink his shafts and hollow out his tunnels in very little time; 
and it seems as though kind Nature, in view of liis many 



enemies, has given him an extra share of cunning to provide 
for his own safety. He builds his houses with, perhaps, more 
skill than the beaver, and with so many turns and twists, hnlfs 
and corners, alleys and lanes, that it will be quite a task, we 
fear, to make j'ou understand. But we must endeavor to do so, 
for the domestic arrangements of the mole are well worth study- 
ing, and they are of such a character that it is no easy matter 
for an enemy to find him when at home. His dwelling or 
encampment covers quite a large extent of ground and is laid 
off into several separate parts, each used for a special purpose. 
The most important of these is his private dwelling, that is, the 
room in which he lives, which, because of being so curiously 
surrounded and completely covered in, naturalists call his 
fortress. From this room there is a road or highway which 
reaches to the end of the mole's dominion. On each side of 
this road the animal makes tunnels or passages, which iuay be 
called his hunting ground, for he mines or digs them out when 
in search of worms and the eggs of beetles— his principal food. 
The moic generally makes his home under a large hillock, 
sometimes under the root of a tree, or close by the foundation 
of a wall. He uses his feet and tail to press and beat the roof 
of his dwelling, to make it solid. Next to the roof are two 
round galleries, one above the other, connected by five small 
passages, by any one of which the occupant can go from one 
gallery to the other. His fortress or private room is within the 
lower of these galleries, and to pass direct from this to the 
upper gallery, he digs three other passages, like the five already 
named. From the floor of his jjrivate room there is a tunnel 
worked downwards for several inches into the ground, tljcn 
upwards, until the highway is reached. From the upper of the 
two galleries there are nine other holes, besides those connect- 
ing the two, all of which connect with a crooked route leading 
al.-o to the highway or hunting ground of the encampment. 

From this you will see that the mole takes very great pains to 
make his home secure, and having so many passages, courts 
chambers and so on, in his encampment, in which he can take 
shelter, and hide in case of attack by an enemy, it is quite a 
task to those who do not understand the business to capture or 
kill him when there; and his dwelling is perhaps the most 
curious specimen of animal architecture to be found. Once 
within bis own fortress one might suppose that the mole would 
be monarch of all he surveys, and if any animal could be said 
to be lord of his own castle, or safe and secure in his own house, 
it would be he. But with all his cleverness he can not escajK' 
for in (iroat Britain there are men whose business it is to catch 
and kill moles, and by practice they readily find and destroy 
large numbers. The life and habits of these singular little 
creatures were made a special study by a French gentleman 
named Le Court, and it was not until after several years that 
he found out the very curious character of their architecture. 

Besides worms and the eggs of beetles, the mole, in warm 
weather, sometimes goes a hunting above ground, fiir birds, 
snails, frogs and mice, but occasionally on these trips he makes 
a meal for the owl, who is one of his greatest enemies. The 
mole is a great eater, and it is said that twelve hours without 
food will cau-e him to die of starvation; and that if two of 
them be shut up together for that lime the stronger one will kill 
and eat every bit of the other except the skin. No mole, how- 
ever, ever eats the skin of another. 

In addition to the common mole of Europe, there are two 
other species, one a native of the Cai>o of Good Hope, the other 
of North America. Both of these have the same general 
ai^pearance and habits as the European, but the Capo mole is 
rem.-irkalilo for the brightness of its coat and the changes 
to bnin/5e and copper color, wliicli its fur undergoes, with the 
varying power of the light in whieh it is seen. Tl>e mole of 
North America is called tlie star-nosed mole, because around 
its snout there are several small gristly formations like the rays 
of a star. 




S06 



CrTJ'VE]IsriI_.Ei ZITSTZE^TJOTOI^/. 



^^^A^ 



^i 



h: t 



S T O S. "Y" O IF 



THE 



ON Suoday, the 13th, there was considerable skirmishing, and 
the Warsaw tS!(/nal reported one auti-]>Iormon badly 
wounded. After dusk the citizens of Nauvoo advanced with 
two of their cannon and fired into the mob camp and caused 
them to scatter. At the second discharge one of the cannon, as 
the steamboat shafts were called, burst into thirteen pieces 
without injuring anyone. 

On the 14th there was some cannonading during the day, 
and the people of Nauvoo repaired and extended their bat- 
teries. 

On the loth the Spartan Band and the "kill-devils," as a 
band composed principally of new citizens was called, kept so 
strict a watch on the movements of the mob that they could not 
go to water their horses without being saluted by rifleshots. 
Occasionally a few rounds from the cannon were fired that day. 

Several gentlemen from Quincy were in the tower of the 
Temple, iu Nauvoo, watching the progress of the fight on Satur- 
day the 12th. Immediately after the battle, Mayor Wood and 
Mr. Eice started for Quincy, called a meeting of the people, 
and gave an account of what had taken place in Nauvoo. It 
was decided that a committee of one hundred citizens of Quincy 
should go to settle the ditiiculties in Hancock county. They 
arrived in Nauvoo on the 15th. The ostensible object in com- 
ing was to prevent the shedding of blood; but their friendship 
for the citizens of Nauvoo was not real. Thoy were the strong- 
est anti-Mormons that could be found in Adams county. On 
that account Jlcssrs. Wood and Rice, with several others, 
refused to act as members of that committee. These people 
brought their firearms with them, which they took great pains 
to conceal. It was understood, however, that if they did not 
succeed in making the compromise they intended to join the 
mob. They did not all come into the city of Nauvoo, but 
appointed sub-committees to transact the business. 

(3u the 16:h the mob commenced cannonading. A com- 
promise was, however, in progress. A lengthy corresi)ondence 
was going on between the sub-comuiittees of the Quincy com- 
mittee, the mob camp. Major CliiFord and the Church trustees, 
which resulted in the following : 

"Articles of accommodation, treaty and agreement, made and 
entered into this 16th of September, A. D. 1840, between 
Almon W. Babbitt, Joseph L. Hey wood and John S. Fullmer, 
Trusteef-in-trust for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day 
Saints, of the one part — Thos. S. Brockman, commander of the 
posse, and John Carlin, special constable and civil hi-ad of the 
posse of Hancock county, of the second part — and Andrew 
Johnson, chairman of the citizens of (Juincy, of the third 
part — 

"1st — The city of Nauvoo will surrender. The force of 
Colonel Brockman to enter and take possession of the city to- 
morrow, the ITth of September, at three o'clock p.m. 

'' 2d — -The arms to be delivered to the Quincy Committee, to 
be returned on the crossing of the river. 

"3d — The Quincy Committee pledge themselves to use their 
influence for the protection of persons and property from all 
violence, and the officers of the camp and the men pledge them- 
selves to iirotect all persons and property from violence. 

" 4th — Tlie sick and_helplcss to be protected and treated with 
humanity. 

"5th — The 3Iormon population of the city to leave the State, 
or disperse as soon as they can cross the river. 

"6th — Five men, including the Trustees of the Church, 
(William Pickett not one of the number) to be peruiittcd to 
remain in the city, for the disposition of proi)crty, free from all 
molestation and personal violence. 



" 7th — Hostilities to cease immediately, and ten men of the 
Quincy Committee to enter the city in the execution of the duty 
as soon as they think proper. 

" We, the undersigned, subscribe to, ratify, and confirm the 
foregoing articles of accommodation, treaty, and agreement, the 
day and year above written. 

"Andrew Johnson, 

Chairman of the Committee of Quincy. 
"Thomas S. Brockman, Commanding Posse. 
"John Carlin, Special Constable. 
" AxMON W. Babbitt, 1 Trustees-in-Trust for the Church 

"Joseph L. HEYWooDand > of Jesus Christ of Latter- 
'' John S. Fullmer ) day Saints." 

When many of the volunteers learned that articles of agree- 
ment had been agreed upon between the Trustees and the mob 
for the surrender of the city, that the mob forces were to 
occupy it, the Mormons to deliver up their arms and leave as 
soon as they could cross the river, they felt very enraged. In 
discussing the affair at Beach's tavern, 'Squire Wells, who 
overheard their remarks, expostulated with them, and said: 

" There is no use of the small handful of volunteers trying to 
defend the city against such an overwhelming force. Wiiat 
interest have the Saints to expect from its defence? Our 
interests are not identified with it, but in getting away from it. 
Who could urge the propriety of exposing life to defend a place 
for the purpose of vacating it ? I have been in the councils of 
Joseph and Hyrum and the Twelve, and I know they were 
desirous that the Saints should leave the State and go west- 
ward. Have not the Twelve and most of the Church gone, and 
is not their counsel for us to follow ? Have not they told us 
that our safety was not in Nauvoo, but in our removal west- 
ward 't 

"The Trustees have no means with which to carry on the 
defence; they are already involved. Major Parker, who was 
sent by the Governor to aid us, when he left promised to raise 
men and return immediately to our assistance, but he has for- 
saken us, and is it not well known that the Quiucy Committee 
was prepared to join the mob, if a treaty was not effected ? 
Under these circumstances, I have thrown iu my influence 
with the Trustees for the surrender of Nauvoo ujwn the best 
terms we could get, and as being the best and only wise policy 
left for us to pursue. 

"Brethren, reflect, we have nothing to gain in defending 
Nauvoo, but everything to lose, not only property, but life 
also, is hourly in peril." 

Esquire Wells had but recently joined the Church; but he 
had been a prominent man iu the affairs of Nauvoo from the 
time of the organization of the cit.v, and had been intimate with 
the Prophet Joseph and President Young and the Twelve 
Apostles. This, and bis distinguished gallantry in helping to 
defend the city, gave him influence among the people, and his 
counsels and words had great weight with them. 

Mr. Brayman, agent of the Governor of Illinois, upon hear- 
ing the treaty read, declared that it surpassed anything of the 
kind that he had ever read or hoard of. He knew the volun- 
teers were acting under the orders of tlie Governor, and yet 
they were overpowered by the mob and forced to agree to terms 
of banishment to save the lives of themselves and their families. 
There were women and children also there, some of whose 
husbands and fathers were in the United States army, and 
had started for California on foot, over jiathless deserts and 
mountains, to plant their country's flag in distant lands. To 
see their wives, children and friends driven from their homes 
by a bloodthirsty mob, caused Blr. Brayman to shed tears. 
There were others also from different parts of the Union 
who were eye-witnesses of those outrages, who were siujilarly 
affected at the sight. 
, (To he contmied.) 



^% 



^fe^ 



:^ 



ti 



a-TJ^EH^ILE IILTSTI^TJOTODE?,. 



■^^^e 



S07 



S^vA^ER.S 02Sr THE BOOiC 

oip i!vd:oi?.n^oi<r. 



f ! A T E C H I S M 



FOR SUNDAY 
{Continued.) 



SCHOOLS. 



SWEI^-S OIsT T"&iE 
BIBLE. 



CATECHISM FOR SUNDAY 

{CoiltiliUCll. ) 



SCHOOLS. 



LESSON FOK SUNDAY, DECEMl;Bll 29Tn, 1S73. 

Q-— Wliat was the lirst eommandiiicnt wliich Ncplii i-occivcJ, of 
wliich we have any account, after he reachi-d liiianliful? 

A. — To go up into the niountniii. 

Q.— What did he do tliere ? 

A. — He cried nnto the Lord. 

Q. — Wlmt did the Lord say unto liini ? 

A. — He told him to build a sliip. 

y.— Why build a ship '! 

A. — To carry his people across the water, 

Q. — Did Neplii have tools with which to work ? 

A.— No. 

Q.— Where did he get them ? 

A. — The Lord told him where he could find ore from whicli 1o 
make tools. 

Q. — How did he obtahi fire ? 

A. — By striking two stones together. 

Q. — Of what did he make the bellows with which to Iilow the Are ? 

A. — Of the skins of wild beasts. 

Q. — What did Nephi's brothers say when lliey saw that he was 
about to build a ship V 

A. — They murmured and called him a fool. 

Q.— Why did they do this ? 

A. — Because they did not believe that he could build a ship. 

Q. — What more did they not believe V 

A. — They did not believe that he was instructed of the Lord con- 
cerning it. 

Q. — WhatefTect did their language and conduct have on Nephi ? 

A. — He was exceeding sorrowful. 

Q. — How did his brothers then feel ? 

A.- — They rejoiced over him. 

Q. — Why did they rejoice on tliat account ? 

A. — Because thej' thought they had convinced him that lie could 
not accomplish so great a work. 

Q. — But was this the cause of his sorrow? 

A. — No; it was the hardness of their hearts. 

LESSON FOB SUNDAY, JANUARY 5lh, 1S73. 
Q. — After Nephi had talked to them and they had been shaken by 
the power of God, how did Lamau and the others feel? 
A.— They fell down before him to worshiji him. 
Q.— Would it have been right for Nephi to have allowed them to 
worship him ? 
A.— No. 

Q.— What did he say to them ? 
A.^He told them to worship the Lord their God. 
Q. — Did they help Nephi to build the ship ? 
A.— Yes. 

Q. — Was it built after the manner of men ? 

A. — No; it was built after the manner -which the Lord showed unto 
Nephi. 

Q. — When the brothers of Nephi saw that the ship was finished and 
it was well built and the workmanship was very fine,what did they do? 
A.— They humbled themselves before the Lord. 
Q.— What did Lehi and his company do when the ship was com- 
pleted ? 
A. — They all went on board. 
Q.— What did they do for food ? 

A. — They prepared fruits, meat, honey and other provisions from 
the wilderness. 
(J. — What more did they take with them ? 
A. — Seeds and whatsoever they had brought with them. 
Q. — For what purpose did the Lord command Nephi to tiuild this 
ship and Lehi and company to embark in it? 
A. — That they might sail to the land of promise. 
Q. — What land was the land of promise? 
A. — The continent of America on which we now reside. 
Q. — What kind of a land did the Lord say this was ? 
A. — A laud which was choice above all other lands. 
{To he conttmied.) 




LESSON V. 

)S'«i/fc<— Aduaiiam Offeiiinq nis Son Isaac. 

Q.— What did God do to Abraham? 

A. — He tempted him. 

Q. — What did God say to Abraham ? 

A. — Take now thy son, tliine only son leaao, wlioni thou lovest, and 
get thee into the land of Moriali. 

Q.- — What did He tell Abraham to do with Isaac? 

A. — To oiler him there for a burnt ollcring on one of the mountains 
He should tell liim of. 

Q.- — Did Abraham refuse? 

A. — No; he rose up early in the nioming and saddled his ass. 

Q— Who did he take with him ? 

A. — Two young men and Isaac, his son. 

Q.— What did he do? 

A.— He clave the wood for the burnt ofi'ering and rose up and went 
to the place of which God had told him. 

(i.— How soon did Aliraham lind the place ? 

A.^On the third day. 

Q. — Was the iilace near bj- when Abraham saw it? 

A. — No; it was afar off. 

Q. — What did Abraham say to the young men ? 

A.— "A bide ye here with the ass; and land the lad will go yonder 
and worship, and come again to you." 

Q. — What did Abraham then do to Isaac? 

A.— He took of the wood of the Ijurnt otlcring aiicl laid it upon him. 

t^.— What did Abraham take? 

A. — Fire in his hand and a knife. 

Q.— While they were traveling along together, what did Isaac say 
to his father ? 

A.—" Behold the tire and the wood, but were is the Iamb for a burnt 
ofl'ering?" 

Q. — What did Abraham reply? 

A.— "Jlyson, God will provide Himself a lamb fora burntofTerhig." 

LESSON VI. 

Q. — When they came to the place that God had told him of what 
did Abraham do ? 

A. — He built an altar there. 

Q. — Wliat did Abraliam do with the wood ? 

A. — He laid it in order upon the altar, 

Q.— What did he then do? 

A. — He lioiind Isaac his son, and laid him on the altar upon the 
wood. 

Q.— What did Abraham next? 

A.— He stretched forth his hand, and took the knife to slay his son. 

Q. — What happened at that time? 

A, — The au'jcl of^the Lord called unto him out of heaven. 

Q. — What did the angel say to Abraham ? 

A.— "Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do thou anything 
unto him : for now I know that thou fearest God, S(eing thou hast 
not withheld thy son, thine only son from me." 

Q. — What did Abraham do then? 

A. — He lifted up his cj'cs, andlooki^l and beheld a ram caught in a 
thicket. 

Q.— How was the ram cauglit in the thicket ? 

A. — By his horns. 

Q. — What did Aliraham do when he saw the ram? 

A.— He took the ram and olTeted him for a tiurnt ofTering instead of 
his son. 

Q. — What name did Abraham call that place? 

A. — Jehovah-jireh. 

ti. — Did Hie angel speak again ? 

A. — Yes; a second time. 

Q. — What did the angel say ? 

A. — That because lie had oliej'cd the voice of the Lord, his seed 
should lie greatly multiplied and liecoiiiea blessing unto all the nations 
of the earth. 

{To he cnnt limed.) 




SOS 



a"TJ"VElNriLE IltTSTi^/TJGTOI^/. 




IN tbe reign of Louis XIV, of France, one of the most mag- 
liiHeent spectacles was supposed to be the general lighting 
of tlie streets of Paris. The world was invited to witness the 
novel scene. It was believed tD be the highest aohievement of 
modern civilization; neither the Greeks nor the Romans seem 
to have thought of the wonderful invention. Yet the lights of 
the great city consisted only of dim lanterns and torches dis- 
persed at distant intervals, and compared with the bright glare 
of modern gas would have seemed only a dusky gloom. 
Whether the Greeks and the ./lomans lighted their cities at 
night is still in doubt. It is i)robable that Kouio, except in the 
rare instances of festive illumination, was left in darkness. Its 
jieople, when they went out at night, carried lanterns or torches, 
or else wandered in moonless nights, exposed to robbers and 
stumbling over obstacles. iVntioch, in the fourth century the 
splendid capital of the East, seems to have set the example of 
suspending lamps through the principal streets or around its 
public buildings. Constantine ordered Constantinople to be 
ilkuninated on every Easter-eve with lamps and wax-candles. 
All Egypt was lighted up with tapers floating on vessels of oil 
at the feast of Isis; and Rome received Cairo, after the flight 
of Catiline, with a display of lanterns and torches. Yet the 
practice of lighting up a whole city at night seems, in fact, a 
modern invention. 

Paris and London dispute the priority of the useful custom. 
At the opening of the sixteenth century, when the streets of 
Paris were often infested with robbers and incendiaries, the 
inhabitants were ordered to keep lights burning, after nine in 
the evening, before the windows of their houses; in 1558 vases 
filled with pitch and other combustilile matter were kept blaz- 
ing at distant intervals through the streets. A short time 
afterward lanterns were jinivided at the public cost. They 
were at drst only cm]iloyed during the winter months, but were 
.soon kept constantly burning. Ileverberating lamps were next 
invented, and were usually surrounded by throngs of curious 
Parisians. In 1777, the road between I'aris and Versailles, 
for nearly nine miles in length, was lighted; and in the present 
century the French metropolis has steadilj' improved its street 
lamps, until the introduction of gas made the .streets of Paris as 
brilliant liy night as by day. Its light was never (luenched 
until in its recent liumiliatiou, its glittering boulevards and 
sparkling parks were hidden in unwonted gloom. 

London claims to have lighted its streets with lanterns as 
early as 1414, but the tradition seems doubtful. About 1GG8 
the citizens were ordered to place a lamp in front of their houses 
every night during the winter, but as late as ll'M the rule was 
imperfectly obeyed; robbers filled its narrow streets, and life 
and proi>erty were never safe in the darkness. Glass lamps 
were next introduced at the public expense; their number was 
rapidly increased, and toward the close of the last century tbe 
citizens of London were accustomed to boast of their magnifi- 
cent system of street lights, which far surpassed that of Paris, 
The roads running from the city for six or eight miles were 
lined with crystal lamps. At the crossing of several of them 
the effect was thought magnificent; and what would now be a 
dim and disujal array of smoking lights seemed then one of the 
Wonders of the time. Novelists and poets celebrated the 
nightly illumination of the overgrown capital. Vienna, Berlin, 
and the other European cities followed the example of Paris 
or Loudon, and New York and Philadelphia early adopted the 
custom. Home alone, still clinging to the usages of the middle 
age?, refused to light its streets; the popes steadily opposed 
th3 heretical invention, and lu'cferred darkness to light. 

At length came a wonderful advance. For three centuries 
civilizatioH had valued itself upon its lamps or lanterns; it was 
now to shine in novel brilliancy. The Chinese, who seem to 
have originated without perfecting most modern inventions had 




' long been accustomed to sink tubes Into beds of coal, and carry 
its natural gas into their houses, and even their streets, for the 
purposes of illumination. They even used it for their manufac- 
tures and cooking. But they had never discovered the art of 
making gas. In 17'.i2 BIr. William Murdoch first used gas for 
lighting his offices and hou.se in Kedruth, Cornwall. The 
Birmingham manufacturers at once adopted the invention. The 
unparalleled sjdendor of the light attracted public attention. 
The peace of 1S()2, transitory as a sudden illumination, was 
celebrated by the lightmg of the factory of Watts and Burton, 
at Birmingham, with a flame that seemed to rival the bright- 
ness of the stars. The invention spread over the world. Lon- 
don, ashamed of its once boasted array of endless lanijis, now 
glittered with hundreds of miles of gaslights. Paris again 
called the whole world to witness her tasteful illumination. 
I'he cities of the New World hghted up every corner of their 
busy streets. Even Rome yielded to the usefid invention; the 
anathemas of Gregory were disregarded, and heretical gas com- 
panies began to throw light upon the horrors of the papal city. 
The boast of Paris under Louis XIV, has now, at least, been 
realized, and the moderns have added a lasting splendor to their 
cities, of which Pericles or Augustus had no conception. 

Selected. 



^titti^h §t^$iv.^, 



t:e3:e GOBBrjEi^'s seoi^et. 



A watrijisli outiMin' once, in Itonie, 

I'lit forth II procluni.ition 
That lie'cl he wilhng to disclose, 

For due consideration, 
A secret whieli the ooljbling world 

Could ill atl'ord to lose: 
The way to make in one .short (la.v, 

A handled pairs of shoes. 

I'rom every qnartcr to tlie sight 

There ran a thousand fellows — 
Tanners, eohhler.s, liootnien, shoenicn, 

.Tolly leather sellers- 
All redolent of beef and smoke, 

And robhler's wax and hides; 
l''neh fellow pays his thirty pence, 

And calls it cheap besides. 

Silence! The cobbler enters 

And easts around his eyes, 
Tlienenrls his lips— the rogue! — then frowns, 

And then looks wondrous wise; 
' My friends," hesaj's, "'tis simple cpiilc. 

The plan that I i>roposr; 
And every man of you, I think, 

Might learn it if you chose. 

' A good sharp knife is all yon need 

In carrying out my plan; 
So easy is it, none can full, 

liCt hira be child or man. 
To make a hundred pairs of shoes, 

Just go Itack to 3'our shops, 
And take a hundred pairs of boots 

And rnt ofi' all the tops!" 



Is pub'islied in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY, 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Single Copy, per Annum %'l 50. 

*»- Grain brought to this City for tbe JuvENILK Instruotou will be 
leccivedttt the ofTK-o of our paper— Ueskbet News Buildings. 



■^^^^ 



