^' 







VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MAY 14, 1870. 



NO. 10. 



^ ST 0:Ryl^ J^T SE^, 



MANY of our little readers have never seen oceans. 
They are immense bodies of water that divide and 
separate the dif- 
ferent parts of tlie 
earth. The dis- 
tance over tlie At- 
lantic ocean from 
England to New 
York, America, is 
about 3000 miles. 
The Saints who 
come from Europe 
or from what are 
commonly called 
the "old cou n- 
tries" have all to 
travel that dis- 
tance by water, 
on ships. 

It is generally 
very pleasant to 
trav el on ship 
board when the 
sea is moderately 
calm, and when a 
fair wind Is blow- 
ing. A storm at 
sea, however, is 
something very 
terrible. The en- 
graving we pre- 
sent represents a 
storm at sea. A 
ship can be seen 
in the distance, 
tossed and heaved 
about on the 
angry waters, 
whilst a small 
boat, with several 
men in it, is in 
the foregr o u n d. 
Those four men 
in the boat, who 
are lo o k 1 n g so 
anxiously 
towards the man 
who is lying ex- 
hausted and half 




drowned, are evidently brave fellows, who have, 
at the risk of their own lives, launched out into the 

stormy sea, with 
their little vessel, 
to save the lives 
of their fellow 
creatures whose 
vessel has been 
wrecked, and 
they left to the 
mercy of the 
mad waves. They 
have evid e n 1 1 y 
been able to save 
one, whom they 
have apparently 
found clinging to 
the mast or sjiar 
of a wrecked ship, 
wliich you can 
see near the boat. 
Many tales are 
told of the suffer- 
ings of people 
who have been 
wrecked at sea. 
The eldest brother 
of the writer of 
this article was 
an officer on 
board of a ship 
that was wrecked, 
and which sank 
to tlie bottom of 
the sea. I had 
his story from his 
own lips. I will 
tell it to you 
briefly. Pie held 
the office of mate, 
of the ship. Be- 
side s himself, 
there were on the 
vessel, the Cap- 
tain, liis wife and 
two little c h i 1- 
dren, and about 
seven or eight 
sailors. One 




^^ 



74 G-TJ-VEIDTILE XIST STTtU GT OT^ . 






night a terrible storm arose ; the wiud blew and howled 
terribly, the waves roared and dashed about in awful 
confusion, lifting the distre sed vessel at times high up, 
as if on a mouutaiu's top, and again sweeping her down 
into the deep trough of the sea a.s if never to rise again. 
The masts and spars of the ship were broken, and the 
sails torn into shreds. The Captain w:i.s a cowardly man, 
and drank much liquor, which made him beastly drunk, 
so that the command of the vessel devolved on the writer's 
brother. As daylight commenced to dawn, the storm 
abated a little, but it was found that the ship was gradu- 
ally sinking, her forepart being already considerably 
under the water. There seemed to be no hope for the 
poor sufTerers as the storm was yet raging too fiercely to 
allow them to take to the boats. The sailors, however, 
determined to make the attempt. The mate endeavored 
to di.ssuade them, by telling them it would be certain 
death for them to do so, and that they might as well stay 
and go down with the ship, if they had to be drowned. 
They heeded not his warning, but took to the boat. Once 
in the boat, they let it adrift, and they were immediately 
carried away some distance from the ship; and then 
speedily brought back by a wave from the opposite direc- 
tion, which dashed them against the side of the ship with 
such violence that the boat was smashed to pieces. Loud 
shrieks were heard, their hands were held out of the 
water for a moment, and every one of them disappeared ; 
they were all enguljihed in the sea. 

Shortly afterwards a large ship hove in sight, which 
proved to be a Norwegian vessel. But it was so stormy 
her people dare not embark in their boats to relieve the 
sufferers. They therefore adopted the following plan. 
They t;icked ship, so as to get in such a position that the 
current, that was running, would tiow towards the ill- 
fated ship. They tlien lowered a boat, with a long rope 
attacheil, and let it Hoat towards it. This boat came 
nearly sharing the fate of the other. However, the mate, 
my brother, secured the boat. After that, the first thing 
he did wa.s to get the Captain's two little cliildrcn and put 
them into the boat, ne.\t the Captain's wite, and after that 
he bundled the drunken Captain in neck and heels, got 
in himself and all were taken safely on board the Norwe- 
gian ship. J. 2s. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



coi=i=-EK.-cTji=i^,iunyc. 






NEXT In importance to iron we may rank copper among 
the true metals. Like iron, it is wiilely distriliutcd 
in nature. It is a red metal, very ductile and tenacious. 
The ancient Kgyptiiins used this metal for making tools; 
they underst<K)d how to make it liard without diminish- 
ing it.s toughness; many of the sharp sculptures in the 
hardest granite were made with chisels of copper. We 
use this metal extensively in making brass, which is an 
alloy of copper and zinc. 

Copper is found native, that is, in the metalic state, in 
this Territory. In some of its formations it resembles 
trees, it is then called "dendritic," it is sometimes fouiul 
in nodules or lumps, it is then said to be "massive;" 
sometimes it isfounil in small pieces like seeds throughout 
a rock; it is then said to be "disseminated." But it is 
more fre<|uently found in combination; united with sul- 
phur it forms suljthides or suli)hurets; our valleys and 



mountains abound in this formation. Sometimes it is 
found as a mineral, somewhat.resembling gold; it is then 
known as "copper pyrites," a composition of sulphur and 
copper. It differs greatly from gold in being brittle and 
more glass like in its lustre. It is also readily dissolved 
in nitric acid (aqua-fortis), which gold is not; it is not 
malleable like gold. Some of the formations of this metal 
are very beautiful, the blue and green carbonates found in 
our mountains are particularly so, especially when lime 
enters into combination. 

Copper is also used for making gun-metal, an alloy of 
that metal with tin; bronze is thus made. German silver, 
an alloy much used for spoons, pencil cases and small 
plate, is an alloy of copper, zinc and nickel. In the state 
of sheet copper it is used to protect ships from the action 
of sea-water; also for rods for lightning conductors, for 
wire and for culinary purposes. 

Our common brass vessels are very dangerous on account 
of the copper they contain in alloy; copper is readily acted 
on by vegetable acids; when fruits couUiining acids are 
prepared in such vessels they should be protected from 
the metal iu a syrup of sugar, or copper will be dissolved. 
On no account should pickles be boiled in su(!h vessels; 
copper is very poisonous, even in'small quantities, cancer 
may result from eating them. The fine green pickles are 
made so designedly by some people to make them sell 
better, they look better to the eye. When there is any 
doubt on this point, acljan table-knife dipped into the 
pickle for a sliort time will tell the tale of poison, by 
showing metallic copper on the surface of the knife when 
withdrawn— this is a ready test. It is on account of the 
poisonous qualities of copper that vessels of that metal are 
often coated with tin; tin readily adheres to copper; this 
is why soldering-irons are tipped with copper. 

When copper is dissolved in sulphuric acid it forms a 
sulphate of copper, or blue vitriol; it is then soluble in 
water. This, if allowed to evaporate, will deposit fine 
blue crystals. There are said to be waters in some of our 
mountains that hold copper in solution; if so, they con- 
tain tills salt. Such waters would be a mine of wealth, 
for, by putting fragments of iron, such as scraps of tin 
(which are iron) or old iron, metalic copper would be pre- 
cijiit^ted. It is by some such action as this that such 
waters have been, and still are, utilized. Betu. 



TliE X-iI G-UT HZQ-CrSE. 

From "Triumimis of Invention and Discovery." 
Fablialied by T. Nelaon it Sons, London. 



[Coiicliulrd.'\ 

TX the execution of tliis great work, if the son had, as 
compared with his father, certain advantages in his 
favor, he had also various disadvantages to contend with 
at Skerry vore from wliieh the engineer of the Bell Hock 
was free. Mr. Alan Stevenson had steam power at his 
command, and the benefit of all the experience derived 
from tlie experiments of his predecessors in similar opera- 
tions; but at the same time, the rock on which he had to 
work was a greater distance from the land, and separated 
from it by a more dangerous passage than that of either 
the Bell or the Kddystone ; and the geological formation 
of which the rock is c(>mi)osed, was much more dilllcult 
to work upon. The Skerryvore is distant from Tyree, the 
nearest inhabited island, about eleven miles; even in fine 
weather tlie intervening passage is a trying one, and in 
rough weather no sliip can live in such u sea, studded as 
it is with treacherous rocks. The sandstone of the Bell 
Itock was worn into rugged inccinalities, which favored the 
operations of the engineer ; but the action of tlie waves ou 



Jii 



b^^- 



i^ti 






# 



I 



G" TJ "V E ILT I L E IlfTSTiR.TJCTOI^, 



75 



9^^ 



the igneous formation of tlie Slierryvore had given it all 
the siuoothuess and slippery polish of a mass of dark 
colored glass. Indeed, the foreman of the masons, on first 
visiting the rock, not unjustly compared the operation of 
ascending it to that of "climbing up the neck of a bot- 
tle." 

The 7th August, 1838, was the first day of entire work 
on the rock, and with succeeding ones was spent in the 
erection of a temporary barrack of wood, for the men to 
lodge in on the rock. It was completed before the season 
closed; but one of the first heavy gales in November 
wrenched it from its holdings, and swept it into the sea, 
leaving nothing to mark the site but a few broken and 
twisted stanchions, attached to one of whicli was a por- 
tion of a great beam which had been shaken and rent, by 
dashing against the rocks, into a bundle of ribands. Thus 
in one night were obliterated the results of a whole sea- 
son's toil, and with them, the hopes the men cherished of 
having a dwelling on the rock, instead of on board the 
brig, where they suffered intensely from the miseries of 
constant sickness. 

The excavation of the foundations occupied tlie whole 
of the summer season of 1839, from the Gth May to the 3rd 
September. The hard, nitrified rock held out stoutly 
against the assaults of both iron and gunpowder ; and 
much time was spent in hollowing out the basin in wliioh 
the lighthouse was to be fixed. From the limited extent 
of the rock and the absence of any place of shelttr, the 
blasting was an oiieration of considerable danger, as the 
men had no place to run to, and it had to be managed 
with great caution. Only a small portion of the rock 
conld be blown up at a time, and care had to be taken to 
cover the part over with mats and nettings made of old 
rope to check the flight of the stones. The excavation of 
the flinty mass occupied nearly two summers. 

The operations of 1840 included, much to the delight of 
the workmen, the reconstruction of the barrack, to which 
they were glad to remove from the tossing vessel. The 
second edifice was more substantial than the first, and 
proved more enduring. Rude and narrow as it was, it 
offered, after the discomforts of the vessel, almost a luxu- 
rious lodging to its hardy inmates. 

"Packed forty feet above the weather-beaten rock, in 
this singular abode," writes the engineer, Mr. Alan 
Stevenson, "with agoodly company of thirty men, [ have 
spent many a weary day and night, at those times when 
the sea prevented any one going down to the rock, anx- 
iously looking for supplies from the shore, and earnestly 
longing for a change of weather favorable to the recom- 
mencement of the works. For miles around nothing 
could be seen but white foaming Itreakei-s, and nothing 
heard but howling winds and lashing waves. Our slum- 
bers, too, were at times fearfully interrupted by the sudden 
pouring of the sea over the roof, the rocking of the house 
on its pillars, and the spurting of water through the seams 
of the doors and windows ; symptoms which, to one sud- 
denly aroused from sound sleep, recalled the appalling 
fate of the former barrack, whicli had been engulphed in 
the foam not twenty yards from our dwelling, and for a 
moment seemed to summon us to a similar fate. On two 
occasions in ptirticular, these sensations were so vivid as 
to cause almost every one to spring out of bed ; and some 
of the men fled from the barrack by a temporary gangway 
to the more stable, but less comfortable shelter aftbrdod 
by the bare walls of the lighthouse tower, then unfinished, 
where they spent the remainder of the night in the dark- 
ness and cold," 

In spite of their anxiety to get on with the work, and 
their intrepidity in availing tliemselves of every opportu- 
nity, these gallant men were often forced by stress of 



weather into an inactivity which we may be sure they 
felt sadly irksome and against the grain. "At such sea- 
sons," says Mr. Stevenson, "much of our time was spent 
in bed, for there alone we hail effectual shelter from the 
winds and the spray which reached every cranny in the 
walls of our barrack." On one occasion they were for 
fourteen days without communication with the shore, and 
wlien at length the seas subsided, and they were able to 
make tne signal to Tyree that a landing at the rock was 
practicable, scarcely twenty-four hours' stock of provisions 
remained on the rock. In spite of hardships and perils, 
however, the engineer declares that "life on the Skerry- 
vore Rock Was by no means destitute of its peculiar plea- 
sures. The grandeur of the ocean's rage — the deep 
murmur of the waVes — the hoarse cry of the sea birds, 
which wheeled continually over us, especially at our 
meals— the low moaning of the wind— or the gorgeous 
brightness of a glossy sea and a cloudless shy — and the 
solemn stillness of a deep blue vault, studded with stars 
or cheered by the splendors of the full moon, — were the 
phases of external things that often arrested our thoughts 
in a situation where, with all the bustle that sometimes 
prevailed, there was neeessarily so much time for reflec- 
tion. Those changes, together with the continual succes- 
sion of hopes and fears connected with the important 
work in which we were engaged, and the oft recurring 
calls for advice or direction, as well as occasional hours 
devoted to reading and correspondence, and the pleasures 
of news from home, were more than sufficient to reconcile 
me to — nay, to make me really enjoy — an uninterrupted 
residence, on one occasion, of not less than five weeks on 
that desert rock." 

The Skerryvore Lighthouse was at length successfully 
completed. The height of the tower is 138 feet 6 inches, 
of which the first 26 feet is solid. It contains a mass of 
stone work of more than double the quantity of the Bell 
Rock, and nearly five times that of the Eddystone. The 
entire cost. Including steam tug and the building of a 
small harbor at Hynish for the reception of the little 
vessel that now attends the lighthouse, was £88,977. The 
light is revolving, and reaches its brightest state once 
every minute. It is produced by the revolution of eight 
great annular lenses around a central light, with four 
wicks, and can be seen from the deck of a vessel at the 
distance of eighteen miles. Mr. Alan Stevenson sums up 
his deeply interesting narrative in the following words: 
"In such a situation as the Skerryvore, innumerable 
delays and disappointments were to be expected by those 
engaged in the work; and the entire loss of the fruit of 
the first season's labor in the course of a few hours, was a 
good lesson in the school of patience, and of trust in some- 
thing better than an arm of flesh. During our progress, 
also, cranes and other materials were swept away by the 
waves; vessels were driven l>y sudtlen gales to seek 
shelter at a distance from the rocky shores of Mull and 
Tyree; and the workmen were left on the rock despond- 
ing and idle, and destitute of many of the comforts with 
wliieh a more roomy and sheltered dwelling, in the 
neighborhood of friends, is generally connected. Daily 
risks were run in lauding on the rock in a heavy surf, in 
blasting the splintery gneiss, or by the falling of heavy 
bodies from the tower oil a narrow space below, to which 
so many persons were necessarily confined. Yet had we 
not any loss of either life or limli ; and although our 
labors were prolonged from dawn to night, and our pro- 
visions were chiefiy salt, the health of the people, with 
the exception of a few slight cases of dysentery, was 
generally good throughc^ut tlie six successive summers of 
our sojourn on the rock. The close of the work was 
welcomed with thankfulness by all engaged in it; and our 
remarkable preservation was viewed, even by many of 
the most thoughtless, as, in a peculiar manner, the gr.a- 
cious work of Him by whom the very hairs of our heads 
are all numbered!" 



1 



^- 




.# 

i^:' 



76 



0" TJ -V E IsT I L El IltTSTI^TJOTOie,, 



■^^S^t 












CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MAY 14, 1870. 




VERY child iu the Territory has seen 
what we call grasshoppers, but the insect 
which goes by that name here, and which 
has come in such great numbers to eat off' 
our grain, vegetables, and fruit, is nothing 
more lior less than the locust of the Scrip- 
tures. If any of you will take the trouble 
1 catch an old-fashioned grasshop]ier. you 
will see considerable difference between it 
and the pest with which we are now troubled. 
We are told that the locusts of eastern lands 
where the Bible was written, are veiy similar to 
the hojipers which eat our fields of grain. A 
great many pcojile do not know why we are trou- 
bled with them, but we think it is better for us to 
*■' '♦'^^ have locusts to eat our crops than to have mobs come 
/jK ft ' u|>on us, and drive us from our homes, murder some, 
in-g\ and burn the houses, and destroy the grain, which 
'^1 we have built and raised. It may be that bj' having 
locust.s eat our crops occasionally, the people will live so near 
the Lord that He will not suffer mobs to come uijon us. 

The locusts were a plague in ancient days. One of the 
curses whieli Moses pronounced upon the children of Israel if 
they disobej-ed the Lord, was: 

"Thou shalt carry much "seed out into the field and shall 
gather but liitle in: for the locusts sh.^U consume it. * * * * » 
All tby trees and the I'ruils of thy laud:) shall the locusts con- 
sume." 

The locusts were one of the signs which the Lord, through 
Moses, gave to Pharaoh, bel'ore he would let Israel go out of 
Egypt. They covered the face of the whole earth so that the 
laud was darkened, and they left no green thing on the trees 
or in tlie fields through all the land of Egypt. We are told 
that there never had been before as many locusts as there were 
then. "Neither after them shall be .such." They were 
brought by the east wind, and they were earned away into the 
Red Sea by the west wind. The Lord can take away the 
locust.s very quickly, when it suits llim to do so, for they are 
his army. Wlicn .Muses prayed to Ilim, after I'haranh liesDUght 
him to do so, and lie took away the locusts from him, a mighty, 
strong wind which He .sent, took them all oif, and, we are told, 
not one locust remained in all the land of Egypt. When they 
shall have answered the purpose for which our Father sent 
them here on our fields, then He will remove them a.s easily as 
He brciucht them. The pmphet Joel in si>eaking of the chil- 
dren of /ion says: 

"And the tloois shall be full of wheat, and the fat>i shall 
overflow with Win3, anri oil; and I will restore to you lh« 
years that the locust hatb eaten, the cankurworin, and the 
caterpillar, and the pal iiu-r- worm, and my ^reat army whi(^h I 
sent ainon^ you, And yo sliall eat in plenty, ami ho satis- 
fie<l, and praise the name of the Lord yourUod, that hath 
dealt wondrously with you: and my people shall never be 
ashamed." 

It is finite likely the prophet saw our day and predicted con- 
cerning it. 

After we are tried snflTiciently with locust.s and the Lord sees 
that it is enough, he will restore to his jieople what the locusts 



have eaten ; all that His great army has consumed, which he 
sent among us, and we will cat in plenty and praise the name 
of the Lord our God. It is as necessary that we should be 
tried by locusts as by anything else. If We would not trust the 
Lord when he permits locusts to eat our crops, how can we 
trust Him at other times of difficulty? It is our duty to be aa 
cheerful, as hopeful and as faithful in keeping the command- 
ments of God, and in listening to the counsel of His servants 
when locusts eat our crops, as at any other time. In the 
Book of Proverbs it says: 

"The locusts have no king, yet go they all of them forth in 
bands." 

This is the case in other lands besides ours. In South 
Africa they come forth in troops, and they observe great order 
and regularity, keeping in their ranks, as if they Were under 
military discipline. When they first appear the farmer gets a 
large flock of sheep, and drives them crowded closely together, 
over them. When they grow larger, locust driving becomes a 
fiivorite sport with the children in that countrj'. They do not 
like anything of a red color, so the children get little flags of 
red cloth and fasten them upon a stick. If they are skillful 
they contrive and turn them in the direction in which they will 
do the least mischief This is before they can fly. The 
natives of that country bake locusts and eat them ; they say 
thev are not bad to take. 



Q OME people make a practice of asking God to do for them 
^ what they should do, and are able to do for themselves. 
They are more content to eserci.se faith than they are to per- 
form works. We should always ask the Lord for grace and 
strength, for His divine assistance and the presence of his holy 
spirit; but He has given us the power to do many things for 
ourselves, and which He has promised to aid us in doing, and 
we should not sit still and fold our arms and wait for Him to 
do them for us. We can ask His blessing upon our crops; but 
how foolish it would be for us, if instead of plowing the 
ground, sowing the seed and watering it, we should sit still 
and never iierform any of these labors, and yet ask the Lord to 
give us a good crop of wheat. It is after we have done all 
that is in our power that He will bestow His blessing, and 
show us that He is greater than we are. When we take this 
course we unite faith and works. 

The ancients had an old fable about Hercules, the god of 
strength, and a teamster. The latter, while driving his heavily 
loaded wagon on the road, came to a soft spot in which the 
wheels sank. Instead of trying to pull out the wheels, he fell 
to praying to Hercules, whom the ancients believed to be a 
very strong god, to lift his wagon out of the mire; the god of 
muscle told the t*,'amster that, while he prayed for helii, he had 
better put his shoulder to the wheel and help himself; then, 
said he, "If you cannot get the wagon out, I will help you," 

This, though a fable, illustrates a con-ect principle; in other 
words, as we would say in these days: "God helps those who 
help them.>*elves," We would not have you think, however, 
children, that you shoulil .seek to accomplish your labors iu 
your own strength. This would be very wrong. No real 
liros]i('rity can attend those who take this cour.sc. It is our 
duty to seek after the blessing of the Lord upon all that we 
do, and tluMi our labia's will be .sanctified for om' .salvation and 
the iucrca.se of llis gloiy upon the earth. * 

ONE of the tricks of Satan is to try and persuade mankind 
that they will, by being untruthful, dishonest and deceit- 
ful, gain advantages which they can not by being truthful, 
honest and candid. With children especially he would \ise 
influence in this direction, if he could. I^et a child do wrong, 
and the tempter suggests to him that it is better for him to 



m 




CTTJ ^ E IT I IL. El i:tTSa?I^TJGTOI^, 



pm 



77 



conceal that wrong than to .avow it. He would make a coward 
of him; but the spirit of God would lead him to be frank and 
courageous in telling the whole truth. A candid confession of 
wrong made by the one who has committed it, goes further to 
remove the effect of the wrong than every attempt to conceal 
it. This is a lesson which we would like to impress upon the 
minds of all. Be truthful, be candid, bo honest under all cir- 
cumstances; never shrink from the responsibility of your words 
or your actions; cultivate courage in these directions, and you 
will find in all your life tliat it is a most valuable quality. 
Remember that it is always safe to do right. God reigns; His 



wisdom baffles the cunning of man and of Satan, and He will 
never forget nor desert those who rely uiion Him. 

There are some persons so organized that the fear of losing 
the good oiiinion of those who are around them, leads them to 
conceal and deny the things which they have said or done. 
But by so doing they only add to their fault; for the plain 
avowal of their words or actions does not lessen them in the 
eyes of those whose opinions are of any value, like the denial 
or concealment of them does. The quality of courage under 
such circumstances is always admired and respected, even 
though the fault committed may be a grave one. 



I^ I OE 



WHERE is the boy who docs not like rice pudding, 
baked or boiled, plain or with currants? If such a 
oae there be, we confess we have never run across him; 
but should weaver meet a youth with a taste so strange, 
we shall certainly "make a note of it." 

Rice pudding is of course made of rice with the addition 
of milk, eggs, butter, spice or some other nice thing to 
please the palate. Now rice itself is a cereal growing in 
almost all hot climates, that are not exceedingly dry. 
But before we go any farther we Uad best explain what we 
mean by a cereal. Most of you know that the ancient 
Greeks and Romans had hosts of gods to worship, every- 
thing and every- 
body nearly had 
his peculiar protect- 
ing or patron dlety. 
Now the goddess of 
corn and agricul- 
ture was called 
Ceres, and she is 
generally represen- 
ted as being crown- 
ed with ears of 
wheat. From Ceres 
comes the w o r «l. 
cereal, which is ap- 
plied to wheat, bar- 
ley, rye, oats, maize, 
millet, rice, and 
several other grass- 
like plants which 
bear grain; all of 
which is fit for foot! 
except darnel, 
which is poisonous. , i u « 
These plants all re- J(llinH.Csiin|v6. 
quire sowing every year, and from this fact are called 
annuals, they have a hollow stalk or straw full of joints 
or knots, "and they die both in stem and root, when the 
seed or grain is ripened." It is a remirkable fact, that 
some one or more of these cereals can be cultivated in 
almost every country suited to tlie habitation of man; and 
in the few places where they do not thrive, some other 
vegetable, good for the food of man, is found in their place. 
Barley and oats grow in the coldest climates. Wheat is the 
staple in temperate climes, whilst rice, maize, and millet 
are tlie productions of the torrid zone, liice especially 
flourishes in the low wet land between the tropics, which 



would be useful for no other grain. Wherever the land is 
not naturally flooded, it must be abundantly irrigated. Of 
all kinds of rice, that grown in North and South Carolina 
is considered the best, but very good rice is also produced 
in China, the East Indies, Tropical America, some parts 
of Africa and even in the southern parts of Europe. 

Rice is second only in importance to wheat as an article 
of human food. It forms the principal diet of at least one 
third of the human family. It is the grand material on 
which one hundred millions of the inhabitants of the 
earth, almost entirely exist. It is the "food" of the hun- 
dreds of millions of Hindoos and Chinese and other people 

of south eastern 
Asia, who without it 
would be very poor- 
ly off for a light, 
wholesome food. 

When growing, 
rice has somewhat 
the appearance of 
oats. Each grain is 
awned, that is, has 
a pointed beard, 
and is covered with 
a golden yellow 
husk. The husks 
are re moved by 
means of a mill. 
We have a picture 
here of a Chinese 
rice mill. The rice, 
liefore the husk is 
taken ott', is called 
paddy. Why it has 
that strange name 
we cannot tell, but 
I we have no idea it has any reference to the Irish, num- 
bers of whom are named after their patron saint, bt. 1 at- 
rick, and for short are called Paddies. Nor is it intended 
to intimate that they, the Chinese, will swallow up the 
Irish in the same unceremonious manner that they now 
consume their rice, as some foolish persons pretend to 
think will be the case, if their emigration into tlie Unitea 
States is not stopped by law, or prevented by bloodshed. 
However, should they greatly increase in this country 
there is no doubt but that it will tend to largely develop 
the cultivation of rice in the Soutliern States, as before the 
late war it formed an importaat part of their export', and 
will do so again whenever that portion of the country is 




thoroughly at peace. 



G. R. 




Little can be done without determination ; and cer- 
tainly no great acquirement can be made without patient 
and steady application. 



WiiExaman has once forfeited the reputation of his 
integrity, he is set fast, and nothing will serve his turn- 
neither truth nor falsehood. 






JTJ'V^EIsriLEl IITSTI^vTJOTOIE?. 



[For the juvenile Inatruotoi'. 






-'5'^. 



■117HEN an Elilcf has the spirit of bis mission he cannot 
'' rest eontenteil unless he is proclaiming to the people 
the message with which be is entriisteii, vSlirround him 
With every comfort his heart can tlesire, and if he has that 
spirit, be will still le anxious to go forth among the peo- 
ple, even if be knows he will meet with i)rivations and 
persecution. This was my feieling before the visit of the 
presitlent of the mission, wbicli I described in the last 
number. After be left my anxiety increased, and I told 
the brethren that I must push out among the natives, and 
commence preaching to them as well as I could. I had 
made very good progress in the language, and felt able to 
explain in part the tir.-t principles of the gospel. About a 
Week after the jiri'sident's visit 1 started off, intending if I 
did not get an opening, to go around the Island. But the 
Lord hud revealed to me that I would find a people pre- 
pared to receive the truth, and I started as a man would 
who was going to meet his friends. Though I had never 
seen them in the Hesh, I knew that when I met them 
they would not be strangers to me. Borrowing Brother 
Bigler's valise, one which he bad carried many a day 
himself while on a mission in the States, I started feeling 
as proud of the privilege of swinging it across my shoulder 
as any knight ever was at wearing, for the first time, bis 
gold spurs. The great desire of my heart from my early 
boyhood had been to have the priesthood and the privi- 
lege of preaching the gospel ; this desire was now about to 
be gratilied, and though I was timid and very bashful, I 
felt that God would carry me safely through. The 
brethren accompanied me about four miles on my way. 
W'e were far from all our friends, and were strangers in a 
strange land, our parting, therefore, as might be expected, 
was jiaiiiful. They remained to continue their study of 
the language. 

It Wius plain to mo that the angel of the Lord was with 
me ; for at whatever i)lace I stopped I was received most 
kindly, and the best the people had was at my service. 
The principal food of the natives of the Sandwith Islands 
is called poi. This is made out of a root which they call 
halo. KhIo patches are so made that they can be flooded 
with water; and the ground is never allowed to be uncov- 
ered. In i)lanting this root they do not use seed. When 
a nitive gathers the kalo, he carries it to bis home, where 
he cuts oil' the tops, 'i'hese are carefully .saved, tied up in 
a bundle, and carried back to the patch. These tops he 
sticks in the mud at the proper distances apart, and at the 
end of about eleven months he has another croj) of kulo. 
This is the process of gathering and iilanting. The kalo 
bears some resemblance in its leaves and taste to the wild 
Indian turnip; but its root is much larger; not quite the 
shape of a tame turnip, but as large as a moderate-sized 
variety. I have seen it sometimes as large as a good sized 
turnip. There is a variety called the dry land kalo. It is 
not so extensively cultivated as the other kind, and is not 
considered so good eating. Kear every house there is a 
circular bole. When halo is to he cooked a tire is budt in 
this, ami a quantity of small volcanic rocks arc piled on 
top of it. As the lire burns out these sink to the bottom, 
ami they are spread over the bottom and around the siiles 
of the fit. The kitln roots are then laid In, mats are sprea<l 
over them, then soil, until they are comjiletcly covered, 
excepting a small hole at the top, into which water is 
jioured. That hole is then stopped, and the cooking com- 
mences. But how do they cook? you may ask. When 
the water Is poured in, the rocks, being hot, speedily con- 
vert it. into steam, and as it cannot escape, it cooks the 



roots. I have seen large hogs cooked in this Way, and 
meat is sweeter cooked in Ibis fashion than by any other 
method I know anything about. The native men on the 
Islands do all the cooking. When the kalo has been in 
long enough to cook, it is uncovered ; the skin is washed 
of^; and it is pounded with a stone pestle, ou a large flat 
slab of Wood, Until it is like a mass of dough. Then it is 
put into a calabash or gourd, and by the next day fermen- 
tation has commenced, or as we would say if it were bread, 
it has "raised." Water is then added to it, and it is mixed 
until it is a little thinner than we usually make mush. 
There is a little sour taste about it the lirst day. But it is 
never eaten at that time by the natives, unless they have 
no otlier food. They like it best wlien it is quite sour. 
This is what they calljjo/, and there is no other food that 
they think can eiiual it. 

Their usual method of eating is Worthy of notice. A 
large calabash of 7)01 is placed on the mats; around this 
the family seat themselves. In families where they make 
any pretensions to cleanliness a small calabash of water is 
passed round and each one rinses his or her fingers before 
commencing to eat. To keep off the flies a boy or a girl 
stands waving a kahili, which is made by fastening feath- 
ers on to a long slender stick. In eMing they dip their 
two first fingers into the calabash, load them with the poi 
and pass them into their mouths. The sucking of tlie 
fingers, and the gusto with which they eat, the incessant 
conversation mingled with laughter which they keep up, 
would lead a bystander to conclude that they enjoy their 
food. .And they do. If the poi be good, and they have 
plenty of fish or meat to eat with it, they have great plea- 
sure in eating. They think white men wlio eat together 
without conversing very unsocial beings. They have an 
i.'lea that it contributes to health, and to the enj yment of 
the food to liave pleasant and lively conversation while 
eating. 

Before leaving Lahaina, I had tasted a teaspoonful of 
poi ; but the smell of it and the calabash in which it was 
contained was so much like that of a book-binder's old, 
sour, paste pot that when I put it to my mouth I gagged 
at it, and would have vomited had I swallowed it. But 
in traveling among the people I soon learned that if I did 
not eat poi I would put them to great inconvenience; for 
they would have to cook separate food for me every meal. 
This would make me burdensome to them, and might 
interfere with my success. I, therefore, determined to 
learn to live on their food, and that I might do so I asked 
the Lord to make it sweet to me. My prayer was heard 
and answered ; the next time I tasted it I ate a bowlfull, 
and I positively liked it. It was my food, whenever I 
could get it, from that time as long as I remained on the 
Islands. It may sound strange yet it is true, that I have 
sat down to a table on which bread was placed, and though 
I had not tasted the latter for months, I took the poi in 
preference to the bread ; it was sweeter to me than any 

food I had ever eaten. 

{To be continued.) 



An Island From the Sea.— In the year 1794, the in- 
habitants of the Island of Tenedos in the Grecian Archi- 
pelago, were very much alarmed in the night, by an 
cartluiuake. In the morning they discovered that a small 
island about a mile in circumference bad risen in the sea. 
In the centre there was a smoke of a reddish hue. Sev- 
eral people took a lioat and went to the island ; they 
lauded upon it, and found coral and shell-fish strewed 
alioiit; from the centre where the smoke issued, there 
came a loud noise like the rumbling of many wagons.— 
Selected. 



^Ki 



^.^^^ 



'^9 

i?^^ 






I 



0" TJ ^ El IsT I Xj E I3^STI?.TJOTOI^ 



79 Tf^* 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

sj^ai?.EiD THiisra-s nsroT to 



S' 



lOME one has written, "Parodies on things I love 
J either disgust me or trouble my conscience. No- 
tliing that has touched the heart ought ever to be jjro- 
faned." This is true; we should never make fun of, 
or ridicule that which we love or revere. It does us 
no good, neither does it benefit the person or cause we 
ridicule. Things that are holy should never be profaned 
by the tongue of derision. The God who has blessed 
us with the revelations of His will, should never be 
approached in levity. To talk of our religion in words 
and tones other than in earnestness and truth breeds 
disrespect and contempt. To burlesque by word or ges- 
ture that which we esteem pure and holy, lessens our 
own self-respect, and dims our faith in that which we 
believe to be the word of the Lord. Has He not de- 
clared that loud laughter is displeasing to him, and 
an evil in His sight. Such being the ease, how much 
more sinful must it be to provoke laughter and mirth by 
speaking in terms of disrespect of our" Heavenly F'ather, 
in mimicing the ordinances of His Church, or making 
fun of the principles of the Gospel. 

Some unwise men will occasionally refer to God as 
though they were His equals, if not His superiors. They 
will sjjeak of Him with levity, and use His Holy name 
with carelessness. They forget that He, in one of the 
commandments says, ''Thou shalt not take the name of 
the Lord thy God in vain, for the Lord will not hold him 
guiltless that taketh His name in vain." If He will thus 
hold men guilty who take His name in vain, will they go 
unpunished who in words of contempt or ridicule speak 
of His person or character? We think not. 

How painful it is to a loving child, to hear his parents 
laughed about or made fun of. Such a one generally feels 
as though he would like to chastise the offender, or if that 
is out of his power, he gives vent to his feelings in tears. 
Then .how should we feel when we hear our Father in 
Heaven, who is so good and kMul to us, spoken of in the 
same way, or His name "taken iu vain," or His holy laws 
derided, mocked or scoffed at. All who have the Spirit of 
the Lord dwelling within them feel shocked, it arouses 
their indignation, or chills their blood, and tliey realize 
God is angry with those who thus trifle with holy things; 
and if they repent not, they will suffer for their folly. 

We once knew a man, not the only one, we are sorry to 
say, who had an unfortunate habit of making fun of 
everything. He was a good man in many respects, but, 
poor fellow, the last time we saw him he had been cut off 
from the church. His folly grieved the Spirit of God, and 
it left him, he fell into darkness, committed sin, and the 
fellowship of the Saints was withdrawn from him. Had 
you heard him, however, as he rattled away in his 
thoughtless style, joking about this prophecy, mimicing 
that ordinance, using cant phrases and vulgar terms, as 
he referred to holy things, you must have felt grieved, it 
was so out of place, so unfitting. Some foolish persons 
called him "a very funny man" and "a jolly good fellow," 
and his buffoonery was styled "wit," but others felt sad 
when they heard his nonsensical sallies, and wisely con- 
cluded that God and His laws were not fit subjects to joke 
about. The last time wo saw him, when he was no 
longer a Saint, his so called wit had developed into simple 
nastiness, and his jokes into miserable vulgarity. 

We have heard others speak in unfitting terms of the 
principles of that Gospel we should all love more than 
life. We have heard them talk iu vulgar words of the 



law of celestial marriage, with ridicule of baptism for the 
dead, or slightingly of the laying on of hands. Then we 
liave asked ourselves, and hope our young readers will do 
the same; will a person thus act or speak who in his heart 
loves and has faith in the principles God has so kindly 
revealed in these days? We can think of but two things; 
either that person is very careless and does not think of 
what he is doing or he has not that reverence and faith 
that as a Latter-day Saint he should have for the glorious 
gospel of eternal life. 

We asked just now, are boys and girls who love their 
parents fond of hearing them spoken of with ridicule or 
scoffing? We answered, no; then how much more un- 
likely would it be that they who feel angry at the jeers of 
others, would themselves jeer and scoff at that same dear 
father and mother. Is it not so with the things of God? 
Will those who love God take His name in vain? Will 
they ridicule his loving kindness? Will they mock at His 
holy laws? The answer is so plain that we think every 
one of our little readers can answer it correctly. So we 
will leave it to their good judgment and common sense. 

G. K. 



WoiA-ES. — Wolves are sometimes drawn from their 
forests liy hunger, and approach settlements or villages, 
in searcli of food ; when that is the case they are generally 
very furious. I have heard some remarkable accounts of 
their attacking people. A young nobleman was traveling 
in Burgundy, in France, when he was attacked by a 
furious wolf, of an extraordinary size. The young man, 
though only twenty, possessed great courage ; he spurred 
his horse on, and endeavored to escape ; but the wolf 
Seized upon the horse and wounded him so badly that he 
fell with his rider. The wolf then flew at the Count ; 
with wonderful resolution he seized him by one of his 
paws, and by his foaming tongue. After struggling a 
while with the terrible creature, the tongue slipped from 
his fingers, and his right thumb was bitten off; notwith- 
standing the i)ain, he sprang upon the wolfs back, and 
bracel his knees against his sides. Just then one or two 
men appeared in view ; neither of them dared to approach. 
"Well then," said the brave young man, "Are upon us 
both; if you kill me I will forgive you." One of them fired; 
the bullet passed through the Count's coat, but neither he 
nor the animal was wounded. The other man ventured 
nearer and fired again , the wolf was mortally wounded 
by this shot, and after a few plunges expired. In this 
dreadful conflict the young man not only lost his right 
thumb, but had his left hand sadly torn, besides receiving 
other injuries. — Selected. 




The Inside of the World. — Some author observes 
that it is surprising we should build such monuments on 
the earth as the tower of Babel, and the pyramids of 
Egypt, and that our curiosity has never led us to dig 
deep into the centre of the earth. He thinks the world 
has never been dug to the depth of a league perpendicular, 
and if it had been, it would be little more fhan scratching 
it. The highest mountains bear not so great a proportion 
to this prodigious mass of matter of which the earth is 
composed, as warts do to our bodies.— iS'etectetZ. 



Warming a Handkerchief.— A woman gave her 
little child a handkerchief to warm while she was other- 
wise employed. The child held it to the fire, but so near 
that it scorched ; upon which the little child called to its 
mother, saying "Mamma is it done enough when it looks 
brown?" — Selected. 




so 



0" TJ -y E ISr I L E IIDTSTI^TJOTOI?/ 



f 






THIE ID03SriCEY"'S XjESSOIsT. 



i^^^. 



A boy named Peter 
Found once ia the road, 

All harmless and helpless, 
A poorlitlle toad; 

And ran to his playmate. 

And all out of breath 
Cried, "John, come and help, 

And we'll stone him to death !" 

And picking up stones, 
The two went on the run. 

Saying one to theother, 
"O, won't we have lun?" 

Thus primed and all ready. 
They'd got nearly back, 

■When a donkey came, 
Dragging a cart on the track. 

Now the cart was as much 
As the donkey could draw. 

And he came with his head 
Hanging down ; so he saw, 

All harmless and helpless. 

The poor little toad, 
A-taking his morning nap 

Right in the road. 

He shivered at first. 

Then he drew back his leg, 
And set up his ears. 

Never moving a peg. 

Then he gave the poor toad. 

With his warm nose, a dump, 
And he woke and got otT 
With a hop and a jump. 

And then with an eye 
Turned on Peter and John, 

And hanging his homely head 
Down, he went on. 

"We can't kill him now, John; 

Says Peter, "that's flat. 
In the face of an eye and 

An action like that." 

"For my part, T hav'n't 
The heart to," says John ; 

But the load is too heavy 
That donkey has on : 

"Let's help him ; so both lads 

Set off wilh a will. 
And came up with the cart 

At the foot ol the hill. 

And when each a shoulder 

Had put to tlie wheel, 
They helped the poor donkey 

A wonderful deal. 

The summit once pained, 
Back tlipy went on the run, 

Agreeing they never 
Had had liner fun. 



Another Story of Wolves.— I recollect a story of 
wolves that happened long since. A woman who lived 
in a frontier settlement, went on horse-back to see a friend. 
When she was returning, it was towards night, and she 
had quite a forest to go through. She did not feel anx- 
ious however, because she had frequently traveled that 
way alone, without accident. It was at a time when 
there was great want of food among the wolves. When 
she had got into the depth of the forest, three gaunt hun- 
gry fellows rushed from the thicket. She whipped her 
horse and endeavored to outride them, but they bit the 
heels of the animal, and he plunged forward and threw 
her off. Happily for her, the wolves were too much 
engaged in their pursuit of the horse, who probably was 
the more inviting supper of the two, to turn upon the 
woman, and she was left alone and defenseless. It im- 
mediately occurred to her that when they found they 
could not overtake the horse, which she was confident 
they would not, they would return to destroy her. There 
was only one chance of escape, and that was to climb a 
tree and get beyond their reach. This she immediately 
did, and felt tolerably secure among the branches. In a 
very short time, to her dismay, she saw them returning; 
still she hoped they might not discover her ; but the scent 
of a hungry wolf is keen ; they made towards the tree, 
howling tremendously. They leapt against the trunk 
with fury, but were unable to climb it, as a bear would 
have done. The woman began now to feel tolerably com- 
posed; it was not a pleasant idea, that she might have to 
pass the night there, but she was sure by morning her 
friends would be alarmed and come in search of her. 

While she was consoling herself with the idea that she 
was beyond the reach of her enemies, she all at once saw 
them furiously attack the trunk of the tree with their 
teeth. They gnawed near the root with the most unwearied 
industry, no longer uttering their horrible howls. All 
was profound silence except the dreadful sound of their 
teeth. The horror of the poor woman may easily be 
imagined ; she saw that in a short time they would be 
able to cut the tree down, and that death would then 
await her in a most horrid form. The tree already trem- 
bled as the wolves crowded against it; suddenly a shout 
was heard, and in a few moments several armed men 
appeared in siglit. The wolves gave a howl of disappoint- 
ment and fury, and darted into the thicket. The poor 
woman was taken down from the tree almost dead with 
fright. The horse had made his escape, and reached 
home with his heels bleeding and bitten; the truth was 
conjectured by the people, and with little hope of finding 
their friend alive, the neighbors had set out in pursuit of 
her. — Selected. 



There are" some people well enough disposed to be 
grateful, but they cannot hit upon it without a prompter: 
they must be taught to be thankful, and it is a fair step if 
we can but bring them to be willing and only oflTer at it. — 
Selected. 



Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Sinf/te Copy, prr Amnvm ?3 00. 

Single Copy, for Six Months 1 50. 

*w- nmin hrnnf;ht to tliis City for tlio .Ti'vi.nii.k iNSTRrrroR will be 
received at the ofTice of our paper— UtsicHKT Kiiws Iiliii,i>iN<is. 









