
VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CITY. SATURDAY, SEPTRMRfR 11. 18G9. 



Nn. 19. 



T 



'U. E 



IN our articles on Mount Lebanon we referred to a narrow 
strip of beautiful country, about twelve miles broad, lying 
between the mountains and the Mediterranean Sea, in anci"nt 
times known as Phoenecia. This land is now scantily inhabited; 
but in 'he days of Solomon and Alex-indor it was crowded 
with cities, whose busy residents traded with all parts of the 
then known world, and established colonies in Northern Africa, 
Spain, Britain, Sardinia, Sicily, Cyprus and many other 
regions. They were the great mercantile people of old; their 
ships held command of the Mediterranean and Red seas, and 
also sped far 
away into the 
Atlantic and 
Indian ocean; 
some of their 
most daring 
captains are 
even said to 
have sailei! 
entirelyround 
Al'iica. 

I'l'.ese mer- 
chants took 
the dyes, or 
na m e n t s , 
tilaps, toys, 
jewelry, etc., 
made by tin 
Phoeiiecians, 
and traded 
them ill Spain 
for silver, 
wool, wine, 
fruit and oil; 
in Ui'itain for 
tin; inPiu.ssia 
for amber; in 
Egypt f r 
corn and cot- 
ton; in Arabia 

for spiies and perfuniCF; in Pale.stine for wheat, oil, honey and 
balm; in Ophir for gold; in Syria for woi.l, wine, sheep and 
goats; in Armenia, and the countries bordering on the B'iick 
sea, for slaves, horses, mules, iron, steel and brass; and, know 
ing the state >f every market, they made immense profits by 
exchanging the products of the different countries with which 
they traded; hus, .-'Iver was very plentiful in Spain, conse- 
quently very cheap; but in Arabia Felix it was worth ten time 
as much as g ild; so by exchanging the silver of Spain for the 




gold of Arabia they would soon amass great wealth. So with 
the wines of Spain and Greece which were highly prized by 
the Pharaohs and princes of Egypt, whose cotton and corn were 
taken in exchange at a low price 

Phcpnecia, though now so thinly inhabited, is a very beautiful 
and charming country. The sidi^s of the mountains are covered 
with oaks, pines, acacias, tamarisks and cypress trei s; while 
apricots, oranges, dates, grapes, etc , are found in the lower 
grounds, mingled with the flowers of the cactus and oleander- 
Flocks of sheep and goats browse amongst the pastures, or 

climb along 
the hills. It 
is a region 



well watered 
like a garden, 
and a fit home 
for a brave 
and industri- 
ous people. 

We here- 
with give a 
view of the 
ruins of its 
chief city. 
Tyre, as they 
appear to-day 
alter having 
lain waste 
fur many 
h u n d r e d 
years. But 
'■iico Tyre 
was the mis- 
tress of the 
sei, and noth- 
ing appeared 
riiore unlikely 
than that she 
should be laid 
in rjins, iin I 

only be (he ri^fuge of a few fishermen who would spread 
their nets over its falk-n pal;iccs. Yet God, fhrous.'h His 
propiiets, declared in the day.s of its greatest pro.-iperity 
I hat such should be the c-isc, as a punishment for the sins of 
it- people; and (jod's woid never fails. 

Tyre was built at so early a date that we have no record of 
the event. Hiram, its sccdiid king, was th-^ friund of David 
am) Solomon, and a.ssisted the foiiiier to build his paLcu in 
Jerusalem, and gave valuable aid to the latter in buildii g the 



hl^ 



:^ 



\f 



146 



CrtJ^EItTILE in^STI^TJOTOI^. 



(I 



^^ 



temple of the Lord. He sent SoIouidii cedar trees, fir , and 
alguui trees out of Lebanon, and servants who worked with 
those of Solomon in hewmg the timber. He also .sent him an 
artist who was skillful in working in go d, silve', br ss, iron, 
purple and crimson, and blue, and also in engraving. Solomon 
in return, gave Hiram wheat, barlej-, wine and oil, a certain 
portion "year by year." 

But the Tyrians were not always the friends of the Hebrews; 
they laughed at their misfortunes and rejoiced when trouble 
came upon them, until God became greatly angered against 
them, and He caused His .Kervant.s, L><aiah and EzekicI, to 
pro' hosv against them of the fall <if their city and the destruc- 
tion of their power. In fulfilment of these words Tyre was 
several times besieged by hostile armies; fiist by ^-halmanezer, 
king of Assyria, who, after laying siege to the city five years, 
died, when the siege was raised and Tyrereni;iincd unconquered. 
Nebuchadnezzar was the next who besieged it; for thirteen 
years his troops prevailed not against the I'yrians, and history 
is silent as to his success in capturing the city; and bad we not 
the more sure word of prophecy, declarmg that i e should cap 
ture it, we should still be in doubt as to the result of his 
expedition. After this sieae Tyre became more or less depend- 
ent on the Babylonian empire. It was not wholly destrovi d; 
but made tributary. Gradually, however, it regained its former 
importance, until the reign of Alexander th ■ Great, who, in 
bis career of conquest, among other cities, captured Tyre. 

It appears that as Alexander and his army neared Plioenecia 
the people of Tyre sent out messengers ot peace with presents 
ani provisions for himself and his forces, hoping by the.se means 
to divert him from ontering the city. But it was of no avail 
and the Tyrians determined to resist his entrance. To efftct 
this they shut tnemselves up in that part of the ciry which was 
built 01/ an island about half a mile from the shore, leaving him 
in possession of the suburbs on the mai j land. The insular 
city seemed impregnable, but Alexander, never daunted, deter- 
niiTied to reduce it. He pulled down the buildings on the main 
land, and cominenced bui ding a causeway to the isl.irid city, 
to connect it with the shore, and to erect the: eon his battering 
rams and engines of war. At every step the work became 
more difficult. The water grew deeper, the Tyrians di.scharged 
arrows, darts and rocks at the workers, and the nearer tliese 
builders advanced to the forts of the beseigcd city the heavier 
became the fire from their foes. At this juncture a great storm 
arose and carried away a great portion of the work. But 
Alexander kept on. and at last, after seven months' labor, with 
fearful losses, he carried the city by storm. He acted with 
great cruelty to the brave defenders, crucifjing two thousand 
and selling thirty thousand as slaves. 

This causeway, built by Alexander, still stands, the ruins of 
TjTe have fallen around it. and the sand h s washed upon its 
shore, so that it is now half a mile in breadth. And the rock 
in the sea, on which Tyre wa- built, is no mure, but in its place 
lemains a peninsula, inhabited by a few squalid fishermen and 
their families. 

Tyre never regained the proud position it held before the 
days af the great Macedonian It has been the scene of many 
severe fights between the Crusaders and the Saracens; several 
princes liave tried, but vainly, to rebuild it, for (jiod s word 
has gone forth, and Tyre, as of old, is no more. He has declared 
that many nations "shall destroy the wails of Tvrus, and break 
down her towers; I will also .scrajie her dust from her, and 
make her like the top of a rock. It shall be a pUce for the 
spreading of nets in the midst of the sea: fur I have spoken it, 
saith the Lord God: and it shall become a spoil to the nations." 
And so it has been; its present ruined, dreary, forsaken 
appearance, as shown in our engraving, well attests the fact. 

G. 11. 



^lograjj^u. 




J"OSEI=I3: S2S/IITI3:, THE 

EVELATION from the Lord on any sub- 
ject gives a knowledge and certainty respect- 
ing it which man cannot obtain in any other 
way. It is upon this foundation that the 
Latter-day Saints have built, and through 
this principle they have progiessed in the 
comprehension of the truth to exceed any 
other people now upon the face of the earth. 
I >oes it not seem strange that any per- on who 
believes in God, the Creator of the heavens 
and the earth, should object to the principle of 
revelation? Yet there are thousands of men, 
calling themselves the servants of God, who say 
I hat God does not speak to man now, and that it 
IS wrong to exjiect or ask Him to do so. They 
not only say this; ' ut they persecute and speak evil 
of those who say that He is a God of revelation, as 
though they were not content to not hear from Him 
themselves, but they did not want anybody else to 
hear fiom Him. They would like to have the heavens closed, 
so that men might follow the thoughts and devices of tt eir 
own hearts, without having any interfeience from the Lord. 
It was on this account that thiy hated .lOJ-eph. He said that 
God h d spoken trom the heavens and had revealed the gospel, 
by obeying which, all men niiglu receive revelation from Him. 
Such doctrine horrified them, so they tried to kill him. The 
day will come when people will be astonished to learn that a 
generation of men, professing to believe in God, ever lived 
upon the earth who felt as men now do about revelation from 
Him. 

Joseph's proclamation that all North and South America is 
the land of Zion caused the Conference to rejoice, and the 
elders in tiieir reniarks dwelt upon its importance. '1 bis item 
of knowledge, coming from the Lord through His servant, 
enlightened the people and gave them great satisfaction. Ihe 
jirophets in the Bible speak about the building up of Zion in 
the last days; but how could it be built up unless the people 
knew where to build it? The Bible does not tell us where that 
land is, and how, therefore, could man know anything about 
it, unless the Lord should reveal the knowledge to him as He 
did to Joseph? A word from Him on the subject puts all 
doubt to rest and gives man certainly upon which he can rely. 
Thi- Conference was a most interesting one. The weather 
was beautiful, and Joseph, speaking of the days on which 
they met, says: 

"They have been the greatest, best and most glorious five 
consecuiive diiys ever enjoyed by this generation." 

The electioneering campaign was entered upon with spirit 
by the elders. At the Conference a unanimous vote was passed 
by the immense assembly for Joseph to be the candidate for 
the next President. As Joseph's brother. President Hyrura 
Smith, said what was wanted was a President of the United 
Slates, not a paity President; a President of the whole people, 
who would maintain every man in his rights. The Twelve 
Apostles arranged appointments for General Conferences to be 
hold at various places throughout the different States, so that 
the entire United States might be canvassed by the elders, 
religiously and politically. They were to preach the gospel of 



!J 






i^ 






J" TJ ^ E IsT Z Ij El in^STI^TJOTOK.. 



147 



■*i 



salvation in religion and politics, or in other words, to tell the 
people what to do to be saved from their sins, and also what 
course to pursue to be delivered from stiife, division and anar- 
chy as a nation. In the words of the instructions given to 
them by President Young, in his capacity as president of the 
Twelve Apostles, they were to 

'•Preach the truth in rigliteouaness. and present be'bre tlie 
people 'General Smith's Views of the Powers and Policy of the 
General Government.' " 

No band of men ever w.-nt out in the United States on an 
electioneering campaign so united and so thoroughly in earue.-t 
as did these elders. 

Candidates for the Presidency have their friends who speak 
in every htate in favor of their elec'ion. But their zeal is 
prompted by the hope of rewaid. If their candi'iate obt:iins 
the greatest, number of votes and is elected, then thty expect 
their pay in the shape of a good, fat olfice. Thus il is that 
after the election of a President, as in the recent case of Gen 
eral Grant, the city of Washington is filled with office-seekers, 
who go there froiu all parts of the Union to beg for offices, as 
rewards for the services they have rendered the President in 
electing him! But it was for no such re^rards that the elders 
went out in the spring of 1844 to electioneer for the prophet 
Joseph. Their enthusiasm was unselfish, and was solely 
prompted by the most patriotic motives. Thiy knew Joseph 
was a servant and prophet of God. and that if the nation 
would elect him, and then be guided by him, it would be saved 
from dishonor and destruction, and be elevated to an uui'qualled 
pitch of greatmss and power. While they would do all in 
their power to make him President, they would not have him 
tranielled with promises. If he became, Presiilent, he wa to 
eiiter upon that high office free, with perlect liberty to retain 
any man in office who should be in position, or to make sui^li 
changes as, in his opinion, the good of the government and 
people might require. What a spectacle would ihis have been! 
It would have been the mo>t perfect example of true republi- 
canism ever witnessed, and would have had an effect on the 
monarchs and ruling classes and people of Europe such as 
democracy never has yet had. 



Ii'or the Juvenile Instructor. 



%inu mniu. 



CHAPT KR XVII, 



LITTLE WILLIE GliOWN TO MANHOOD. 



AFTER the gentleman from Newca.stle had been rejected it 
was decided that John Theobold, of Leicestershne was the 
most suitable man for the occasion; and, although he resided 
nearly two hundred miles distant he was sent for, and in due 
time arrived. A challenge wa;s then sent to Willie for discus- 
sion. Willie was th« n only nineteen years old, ami fel' very 
diffident. He consulted his President, who wrot" to the 
Presidency of the British Mission upon the subject; their 
counsel was that Wibie should accept the ch.illenge. Willie 
offered to do so on condition that Mr. Theobold woulil sive his 
eerviies to the people and labor without pur.se or scrip as he 
did. Willie proposed that if a charge should be made for 
admission, and an overplus should remain afier defVaying 
expenses, that that overplus should be given to some charitable 
institution, or to the poor of Knaresboro. This proposition 



hearts 



Wm. W. B. 



[To he Continued) 



r^^ 



was rejected, and Mr. Theobold concluded to deliver a course 
of lectures against ''Mormonism." Ho thought to get con- 
siderable money by this means, for he charged each person for 
admission. 

Willie felt well satisfied that the discussion had been avoided, 
for he did not like the undertaking; nevertheless, if he could 
not have turned it off honoral ly, he felt determined to main- 
tain his position as best he could; for he did not like to back 
out from anything that he was required to do. 

When the lectures came off W illie felt impressed to attend 
the first and explain to the public the reason why they had the 
lectures in place of a discussion. When he entered the hall 
all eyes were upon him. He took his seat in front of the 
lecturer, who, at the close of his remarks, gave an invitation to 
any •■.Uoniion" Klder to come forward tor debate. Willie 
walked to the stand, amid loud cheers, c'apping of hands and 
stamping of feet. He very calmly told the audience that he 
had offered to meet Mr Theobold in discussion to present them 
tbe other side of the question, but that Mr. Theobold had 
rejected his offer, thinking that there was more money in the 
lecures than in the propo.sed di.-eussion. Willie further said 
that he was still willing to niei-t Mr Theobold on honorable 
terms, but that he was not willing to be used as a lOo! in pro. 
cu ing f.ain for him, [Loud cheers.] 

Mr. Theobold was very much xasperated, and accepted the 
discussion on the conditions before rejected. A committee of 
nine persons was appointed in behalf of each disputa, t, A 
gentleman of Mr. Theobold's committee rose and said that he 
thought that it would be advisable for Mr. Theobold to meet a 
man of experence, and a leader in the "Mormon" Church, that 
his present opponent was a mere boy, and it Mr. Theobold 
whipped him ever so severely, he really failed to see any glory 
in it. 

Mr. Theobold said "I will whip the boy first, and then I will 
meet any of the leaders of the '.\lormon' Church." Here Mr. 
fheobold dmianded that the "Mormons" should advance the 
sum of fifiy shillings to be forfeited in case of the non appear- 
ance of the boy. fhe money was advanced and placed in Sdfe 
keeping. It was decided ih it the 'lehate should take place the 
week following. Bills aun luiicing the discussion were published. 
The news spread far and wide. For many miles around 
Knaresboro the discussion was the only topic of conversation- 

On the evening appointed for the debate to commence, 
thousands of people gathered around the old Assembly Rooms; 
and after the hall was filled to its fullest capacity an immense 
crowd remained outside, unable to gain admission. About 
fifteen minutes before time VVi lie and a few friends aj-rived, 
but were unable to force their way through the multitude even 
to the entrance of the hail. About this time Mr. Theobold 
arose to claim the money that had been staked. A gentleman 
in the audience said that ihe "Mormon" Elder was outside, 
unabi to force his way through the crowd. On this announce- 
ment five or six young men united to try to force a passage 
through the multitude, which they did, and taking hold of 
Willie they helped hiiu into the hall. No sooner had he gained 
the in.side than the audience commenced clapp ng hands and 
stamping feet, almost enough to bring down the house, and 
these demonstrations were continued while Willie was walking 
to the stand. 

Willie had never addres.sed so large a congregation. Seats, 
windows, and every avenue appeared he crammed full of 
anxious spectators, and as he passed along he could hear the 
people express their sympa hies: "Theobold is a smart man; 
poor bo>, he is in a bad condition." After taking his seat he 
could still hear all around him the expressions of sympathizing 



I 



l\» 



^ 



14=8 



CrU'V^TBH^ILE IlsTSTIS/TJOTOIS. 






GEfUlGE Q. CA.:X]V01V, 



ET)ITC>Tt. 



SATUBDAY, SEPTEMHER. 11, 18fi9. 

:eiidxto:rxj^ilj thcotjo-hits. 




^S.=S5;,* AEI(tUS h^ve been tlie opinions and views 
of the nations and peoples, who have lived 
on the earth ^ince the days of Noah, con- 
cerning (jod. So lone; as the knowledge 
of the true God prevailed, mankind wore 
united in their wors^liip of Him; and in 
those days they seemed to be nearer to 
Him than they have been since. Many 
transgressions have increased the distance 
between themselves and their Heavenly 
Father to so ?icat an extent that for ages He 
has been an '"unknown God" to them. When 
ever a people or a nation has lived without 
revelation from the Almighty it has fallen into 
gross errors coni eniing Him or His worship. 
The people have become idolaters, and though, in 
many in.staiices, having a form of godliness they 
have been destitute of t e power. In some lands, 
-ifier losing the knowledge of the true God, the 
people have worshiped the sun and the heuvenly bodies; in 
others they have worshiped animals and birds; in others dis 
tinguishfd men and women, and in others gods made by the 
workmanship of their own hands. In some lands at the present 
time the people w rship the powers of evil, and d . lill thoy r>nn, 
in their ignorant way, toi>ppease th( ir wrath. The rea.son tl ey 
give for paying honors to them instead of to the powers of good, 
or to the Lord, is that the latter, being good, humane and 
merciful, they have nothing to fear from Him or them; but if 
the powers of evil should get angry at them, then thty would 
suffer. Therefore, their constant study is to mollify and please 
them. 

Ill so-called Christian lands, where the people profess to 
believe in Jesus and hav His teachings as recorded in the 
Bible to read, they think they an- the only true worshipers ol 
the (Veator of heaven and earth. 'I'h s belief causes tlieTi to 
hold themselves very high in their own thoughts, and they look 
upon the people of c her lands, who do not worship as they do, 
with pity and contempt. 'I hey call them pagans and heathens 
and idolaters, and tliey think they all should be converted to 
the ir way of thinking. If they were told that they thtniselves 
are idolaters, they would be dreadfully offended, and be almost 
readv to kill a man who would continue to make such an 
as.sertion Yet wiih all their high-sounding pretensinns they 
are idolatre ; they do not worship the true God, only in namci 
and have little or no idea of IHs person. 

Children among so called Christians are very curious to know 
something about Uod, when they are told that such a Being 
exists. They ask where He iives, what He is like and where 
He came from. When they are told that God made them, 
their fathers and mothers and all the ne r. and women who live 
en the earth, they are apt to ask, 'Who, then, made God?'' 
The answer they 'generally get to this iiKiui.y is, that thuy uiasl 
not a-k such questions, or if answered at all, they are told that 
God never \va> made, that He lives everywhere and fills the 
heavens and the earth. The poor child, who is so eager to 
know God, is checked at the beginning, and he soon finds that 
the people of whom he asks these questions either know very 



:m 



litt'e, or will not tell him what they do know, about the Great 
Supreme. 

Until the Lord revealed Himself to the prophet Joseph 
Smith, there wa-- very great ignora- ce on the subject of God. 
How could thi-i be otherwise, when, forhundn ds of years, there 
had been no revelation from Him? How could they know that 
He haii a voic-i when they had nevei heaid it? How could 
they know that lie had a mouth, eyes, ears, head, hands, feet, 
and a perf'et body, when they h-.d never seen His body? True, 
they read in the Bible that He had w^dk<•d in the garden of 
Eden, that He had talked with Noah and others, that He had 
eaten with Abraham, that He had shown Himself to Moses. 
But though they read these things, they did not believe that 
they meant what they said. When Joseph obtaint'd knowledge 
concernini; God. he taught others how they couM know Him, 
and thus all who have ob'yed His gospel have hnd their ignor- 
ance removed, and they worship Him under.>tandin'-'ly. In the 
last number of the Juvenile Insthuctor we published some 
teach ngs of the prophet Joseph on this subject. You will find 
them in the "Biography of Joseph Smith, the Prophet." 
Read them and try and understand them, for you can learn 
more truth about God from them, than from all the books that 
were ever written by men who did not have revelation. 

God is our Father; we are descended from Him. Jesus is 
His Son; but we are also His sons and His daughters. This 
every child can understand. Every child knows that its earthly 
father had a father, an . its grandfather had a father, and so on 
back as far as they can be traced; it can believe also, that if it 
lives to become a man or a woiiian, that it will also have children. 
The prophet Joseph teaches us that our heavenly Father was 
once a man and dwelt on an earth like we do upuu this, and 
that He bus g .neon from step to step, from one degree of glory 
and exaltitiou to another, until He now rules and governs. 
Now, with this information, children can begin to understand 
something about their heavenly Father. They can see that if 
Jesus IS Uis Son, and we are His sons and daughters, that He 
mu^t be the Son of soms other personage, for He could not 
beget Himself; but must have a father even as He is our 
Father. 

I'robably we have said enough on this subject for the present 

BIBLE OH:K.OIsrOILiOC3--2-. 

FKOM Adam to the end of the flood 1,656. 
From the flood to Abraham 292. 

From Abraham to Isaac 100. 

From Isaac to Jacob 60. 

Fioui Jacob's birth to his entering Egypt 130. 

Israel in Egypt 430. 

Depaiiure to birth of the Savior 1,491. 

Years before Christ „ 4,159. 

— — r^g'^^>e< - 



There are briers in every path, 

That call for patient care; 
There is a cross in every lot, 

All 1 an earnest need for prayer; 
But a steadlast heart that waits on God 

Is happy everywhere. 



Guilt makes a man a coward; to be truly brave keep a clear 
conscience. 



A wise son uiaketh a glad father; but a foolish son is the 
heaviness of his mother. 



4\ 






J" TJ "V E Isr I L E UnTSTI^TJGTOI^. 



THEE YELLOV^T EC^HVCnNvdlER.. 



Mils bird, which is about seven inches in length, is found a 
resident in Enirlaml nnd s-pnevally throughout Europe. 




The male is known by the head, cheeks, front of the neck, 
belly, and tail coverts being of a bright yellow; on the Lirta>t 
and sides reddish spots, wh'ch on the sides leave a black streak 
in the centre. Feathers of the top of the back, blackish in the 
middle, and reddish-brown on the sides; tho.^e on the rump 
blight chestnut, terminated with grayish; tail feathers blackish. 
The feet are j'ellowish. The female is smaller than the male; 
and the j'ellow of the head, throat, and nejk more thickly 
marked with the brown and olive spots wiih which those parts 
are sprinkled. Their food consists of grain, seeds, and insects 
In summer the well-known notes of the male are almost inces- 
santly heard from the roadside hedge. In winter the yellow 
hammer joins the flocks of greenfinches, chaffinches, etc., which 
congregate in the fields and farm-yards. The nest, made on or 
near the ground, is composed of moss, roots, and hair, well 
interwoven. The female lays four or five pale, purplish white 
eg>;s, stieiiked and speckled with dark reddish-brown, and the 
malL' takes his turn with her in the business of hatching. 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



%tmMt^ ol €omniott ®5l«^i|0. 



I^HIOSP'HIOI^TJS. 



THIS element is not found in a free state, although it is very 
abundant in the mineral, animal and vegetable world 
It is usually prepared from bones which are fir.st calcined to 
disperse ^nimal matter, then crushed and treated with sulphurir 
acid. Bone, we have seen, is chiefly phosphate of lime; that 
is phosphorus, oxygen and lime. If we were clever enough to 




get rid ot the two latter elements we should obtain jihosphorus. 
This, which is done practically on a very extensive scale by the 
chemists, can only be understood in theory by those who have 
no proper apparatus When calcined bones are mixed with 
about half their weight of sulphuric acid (S 3 O), of which we 
have spoken when treating upon sulphur, the acid seizes a 
portion of the lime contained in the bones, forming a sulphate 
of lime. By adding water from time to time, a solution is made 
which, when filtered, allows the h\-phosphatc of lime 
now formed, to pass away in the liquid. Tliis fluid i-f 
then evajji, rated to the consistence of molasses and mixed 
with powdered charcoal; it is then put into a clo.'-cd 
vessel called a "retort," and distilled. The oxygen in union 
with the bi phosphate then unies to the chaicoal and the 
pure phosphorus is driven oflF in vapor, which is condensed on 
passing through a pipe under water. This eleiU' nt is of a 
yellowish, or flesh color, very inflammable, insoluble in water, 
readily dissolved in certain spirits, or in oils. 

Many pleasing experiments may be performed by putting a 
piece of phosphorus in a little oil in a vial to dissolve, which it 
will do readily by stopping the vial to keep out the air, making 
the bottom warm, .so as to warm the oil. By sh king the vial 
the "liquid phosphorus," as it is called, is more quickly made. 
When the cork is removed this liquid will take fire, and burn 
with a flame resembling that of a lucifer match when rubbed 
slightly, or that of the glow-worm and fire-fly when seen in the 
dark. This kind of light '.s called "phosphorescence," as it 
supposed to be caused by a slow combustion of phosphorus. 
Sometimes decayed wood will shine in the dark; and lights are 
seen at night in damp, buggy places, which one would call 
"Jack o' -lantern," or "Will o'-the-wisp," all of which phen- 
omena are relerable to phosphorus in a gaseous form, produced 
by the decay of animal and vegetable matter P 3 H being 
formed — phosphoretted hydrogen. 

Phosphorous unites with oxygen in the open air, forming 
phosphorus acid, at the same time emittinglight, as seen in the 
above experiment. When ignition takes place phosphoric acid 
is formed, which is the result of a higher degree of oxidation, 
as may be seen by the formula of each;— P 3 O is phosphor-ous 
acid; P 5 is phosphor-ic acid, both of which unite with 
various bases to form salts. 

This element is extensively used in making lucifer matches; 
those employed in manufacturing these useful articles are 
generally short lived, as the fumes of phosphorus are very 
destructive to life. It is also used for destroying vereiin; 
when properly prepared rats, mice, etc., eat it with greediness, 
and speedily die. But it is in the form of bone-dust and 
"super-phosphate of lime," that immense quantities are used 
by the farmer for manure. The use of it may be inferred from 
the fact that no gram can be formed perfectly without it exists 
in the soil, to make the phosphates which are constituents of 
seeds. 

Although the chemist has some difficulty in dissolving the 
phosphate of lime as it exists in bone, the chemistry of the 
earth does this in a very slow but sure manner, by means of 
rain water impregnated with nitric and carbonic acids, derived 
from the atmosphere. 

Much of our food, especially wheaten bread, contains this 
element in the form of phosphate of lime, which is necesta y 
to form bone. This element is also found in the human body 
in union with other elements. Sometimes diseases arise from 
the absence of phosphates in the food; then it is that the art 
of the physician is of value to determine what kind of food 
is needed; for, even medicine is food if rightly adm nisiend 
Cases have been known where "softening oi" the bones" has 
arisen from improper diet, r dreadful disease in which the 
bony structure becomes w brittle that the limbs arc too weak 





J -C "V EiTILE X1<T&'J0:RTJCT (D,Tl 



■^^q 



•'5'.. 



to bear the action of the uiuseie.-! Here the phosjiliales are 
given witli advantage. Souietinies other elements are wanting 
in the sj'steni, such as iron, magnesium, sodium, potassium, 
sulphur and clilorine, all of wliicli we ordinarily take with our 
food. ^10W, the poor match maker gets too much of the phos 
phorus; for, when too large a proportion of that element en ers 
into the bones, instead of phosphate of lime a siqjer pho>phate 
is formed which causes the hone to disfolve. How grateiiil we 
ought to be for the wise arrangements of nature that perfect 
harmony exists notwithstanding the numeious elements wliich 
enter into the composition of our bodies, no mistakes are made 
in the proportions necessary to produce life, health and happi- 
ness. How necessary also, that we should seek after the re(iui- 
site ktiowk'dge that wemay not interrupt that harmony and thus 
1-iy the foundation of d:sease, discomfort, and death! Betii. 
{To he Conlinued.) 



- ■ e<^^'9' 

For the Juvenile Instructor. 

jLiynoiTa- the ioebe-ro-s. 



CHAPTER VI. 



HOMEWARD HOUND. — [CONCLUDED.] 



rpHERE are so many strange and peculiar features about this 
J- country that it seems almost impossible to describe them 
all. There seems to be one thing, however, that all arctic 
voyagers agree upon, and that is, that it is a very cold couutry, 
and that ice and snuw are its main features. 

In the revolution of the earth around the sun, the frigid 
zones are less exposed to its rays than any other part of the 
globe; hence, they are very cold and unproductive; scarcely 
any vegetable matter can exist here, and only animals of the 
most hardy kind are found. A great variety of birds are found 
here during the warmest season of the year. The only native 
inhabitants are the Esquimaux Indians, who live in huts and 
caves. 

A few trading posts are established on the coast of Greenland 
and other islands; these are mostly held by people from other 
countries, who carry on tiade with the Esiiuimaux. Expedi- 
tions from the United States and other countries have attempted 
to find a passage to the North Pole, but thus far, all attempts 
have proved in vain; and some who iiave sailed for this purpose 
have never been heard of since. Sir John Franklin started 
for this purpose in the year eighteen hundred and eighteen, 
but was unsuccessful; he started again in the year eighteen 
hundre i and forty-five, with two vessels, the Erebus and Terror; 
neither him nor any of his men have been seen since. 

Be. chy Island, at which place we have now arrived, is sup- 
posed to have been his first winter quarters. Traces were here 
f(mnd of the missing party. An expedition that went in search 
of Sir John, found on this island the headboards of thti e 
graves with inscriptions, showing that those who wire buried 
there belonged to the Franklin party. JIany other things were 
also found, that pioved this to have been his first winter 
quarters, but nothing was found by which the searchers could 
tell the direction taken by the party after leaving this island 
AVhatever became of them no one knows; perhaps tliey pene- 
trated too far into the frozen region and were shipwrecked 
among the icebergs, or they have met with a people somewhere 
of whom we know nothing, and are alive and well. The latter, 
however, is very unlikely. 

On our way home, we pass what are known as the "Crimson 
Cliffs of Beverly." The coast is high and rugged, and when 
seen from a distince. seem to be covered with red snow, and 
thus they hive received the aiiai of the "Crimson Clifi's of 



Beverly." 'J'he huge ^ea mountains are yet jilenliful, but are 
getting less in numbers every daj-. Sometimes a berg bicaks 
iii two, with a noise like thunder. Three men were once upon 
a huge iceberg when thy were startled by a loud sound, and 
instantly a I age piece was severed fiom the m;iin berg and 
sunk, carrying one man down with it;" luckily, however, it did 
not stay long at the bottom, but brought him up, drippini: and 
almost Irightened to death. J >oubtless, he learned that to be 
on an iceberg i.-. not the safest position in the world. Altliongb 

ur acquaintaiiee with theiu is but slight as yet, we have learned 
tliat it is not well to get within too close proximity, for they 
do not feel very waimly toward us, and therefore, we say adieu, 
icebergs. We hope some day to extend our accjuaintance with 
you, and learn still more of the country to which you belong. 
Our object in visiting you this time was only to learn some of 
the most important thing-- concerning j on and your cold country, 
and if we trea ure up what little we have iearned we may be 
able to still increase our store of knowledge on some future 
day. The low hills along Cape Race are once more visible; 
the air is warm and balmy, and we are again in our . wn native 
cliui'^, and thus ends our fiist voyage, imaginary, which of 
cimrse, is not so replete with interest as a voyage in reality 
would have been. 

ILiMTHA. 



XSJ^J^G lSrEAA7"TOiT. 



BY NATHANIEL HAWTHORN. 



OX Christmas day, in the year 16-42, Isaac Newton was born 
at the small village of Woolsthorpe, in England. L'ttle 
did his mother think, when she beheld her new born babe, that 
he was destined to explain many matters which had been a 
mystery ever since the creation of the world. 

Isaac's father being dead, Mrs. Newton was married again 
to a clergyman, and went to reside at North \\ itham. Her 
SOI) was left to the care of his good old grandiuotlier, who was 
very kind to him and sent him to school. In Ids early years 
Isaac did not appear to be a veiy biight scholar, but was chiefly 
remarkable for Ids ingenuitv in all mechanical occupations, 
lie had a set of little tools and saws of various sizes, manufac- 
tured by liimself. With the aid of these Isaac contrived to 
make many curious articles, at which he worked with so much 
skill that he seemed to hav6 been born with a saw or chisel in 
hand. 

The neighbors looked with vast admiration at the things 
which Isaac manufactured. And his old grandmother, I sup- 
pose, was never weary of talking about him. 

"He'll make a capital workman one of these days," she 
would probalily say. "No fear but wliat Isaac will do well in 
the woild and be a rich man before he dies." 

It is amusing to conjecture what were the anticipations of 
his grandmother and the neighbors about Lsaac's future lift;. 
.S(une (if them, perhaps, fancied that he would make beautiful 
furniture of mahogany, rosewood, or polished oak, inlaid with 
ivory or ebony, and magnificently gilded. And then, doubtless, 
all the lich people would luirehase these fine things to adorn 
their drawing rooms. Others, probably, thought that little Isaac 
was dotiiied to be an architect, and would build splendid man- 
sions for the nobility and gentry, and chuiches too, with the 
tallest steeples that had ever been seen in England. 

Some of Ids friends, no doubt, advised Isaac's grandmother 
to apprentice hiiu to a clookuiaker, for, besides his mechani<'al 
skill, the boy seetned to have a taste for mathem jtics, which 
would be very useful to him in that [irofession. And then, in 
due time, Isaac would .set up for himself, and would manufac- 



:Se^^- 



is 



J"TJ^Ein^IILjE TlSrSTI^TJOTOI?;. 



■^^^i 



151 



,^0 



ture curious clocks, like those that contain sets of daiicirii; 
figures; wiiich issue from the dial-plate when tlie hour is struck; 
or like those where a ^hip sails across the face of the clock, and 
is seen tossing up and down on the Waves as often as the pen- 
dulum vibrates. 

Indeed, there were some grounds for supposing that Isaac 
would devote himself to the manufacture of clocks, since he 
had already made one, of a kind which nobody had ever heard 
of be'ore. It was set agoing, not by wheels and weights -like 
other decks, but by dropping of water. This .vas an object of 
great wonderment to all the people round about; and it must be 
confesssed that there are few boys, or men either, who could 
contrive to tell what a clock it is by means o a bowl of water. 
Besides the water clock, Isaac made a (-un dial. Thus his 
grandmother was never at a loss to know the hour; for the 
water clock would tell it in the shade and the dial in the sun- 
shine. The sun dull is said to be still in existence, at Wools 
thorpe, on the corner of the house where Isaac dwelt. If so, 
it must have marked the passage of every sunny hour that has 
elapsed since Isaac Newton was a boy. It marked all the 
famous moments of his life; it marked the hour of his diatb; 
and still the sunshine creeps slowly ovei it, as regularly as when 
Isaac first set it up. 

Isaac possessed a wonderful faculty of acquiring knowledge 
by the simplest means. For instance, what method do you 
suppose he took to find out the strength uf the wind? You 
will never guess how the boy could cmnpel thit unseen, incon- 
stant, and ungovernable wonder, the wind, to tell him the 
measure of his strength. Yet nothing can be more simple. 
He jumped agains' the wind, and by the length of hisjuniii he 
could calculate the force of a gentle breeze, a brisk gale or a 
tempest. Thus, even in his boyish sports, he was continually 
seirching out th-e secfets of philoso !iy 

Not far from his grandmother's lesidence there was a wind 
mill which operated on a new plan. Isaac was in the habit oi 
going thither frerjuently, and would spend whole hours in 
examining its various parts. While the mill was at rest he 
pried into its internal machinery. When its broad sails were 
set in motion by tlie wind, he watched the process by which 
the millstones were made to revolve and crush the grain that 
was pu. into the hopper. After gaining a thorough knowledge 
ot Its construction, he was observed to be unusually Lusy with 
his tools. 

It was not long b 'fore his grandmother and all the neighbor- 
hood knew what Isaac had been about. He had cunstruuted 
b. model ot the winduiill. Though not so large, i suppose, a.- 
one of the box traps which boys set to caccli squirrels, yet 
every part of the mill and its machinury was caiiiplete. its 
little sails were neatly made of linen, and whirled round very 
swiftly when the mill was placci in a draught o. air. Even a 
puff o*' wind from Isaac's mouth, or from a pair of bellows, 
was sufllicieut to sot the sails in motion. And, what was most 
curious, it a handful of grains of wheat were put into the little 
hopper, they woula soon be converted into snow-white fi jur. 
Isaac's playmates were enchanted with his new windmill. 
They thought that nothing so pretty and so wondeiful had ever 
been seen in the whule world. 

''Hut, Isaac," said one of tUem, "you have forgotten one 
thing that belongs to a mill.' 

"What is that'/" asked Isaac, for he supposed that, from 
the roof of the mill to its foundation, he had forgotten nothing 
"Why, where is the iiiillei?'' said his friend. 
"That is true — I must look out for one," said Isaac, and he 
set himself to consider how the deficiency should be sujiplied. 
[le might easily iiave made the miniature figure of a man 
but then it would not have been able to move about and per- 
form t!ij datiei of a miller. It .so hapjioneJ, ho.vever, that a 



mouse had jus' been caught in the trap, and, as no other miller 
could be found, Mr. Mouse was appointed to that important 
oiEce. The new miller made a very respectable appearance in 
his dark gray coat. To be sure, he had not a very good 
character fur honesty, and was suspected of sometimes stealing 
a portion of the grain which was given him to grind. But 
perhaps -ome two-legged millers are quite as dishonest as this 
small quadruped. 

As Isaac grew older, it was found that he hid lar more 
important matters in his mind than the manufacture of toys 
like the little windmill. All day long, if left to himself lie 
was either absorbed in thought, or engaged in some book of 
matheniarics or natural philosophy. At night, I think it 
probable, he looked up with reverential curiosity to the .stars, 
and wondered whether they were world;-; like our own, and how 
great was their distance from the earth; and what was tiie 
piower that kept them in their counses. I'erhaps, even so early 
in life, Isaac Newton felt a presentiment that he should be able, 
herealter, to answer all these questions. 

When Isaac was fourteen years old, his mother's second 
husband being now dead, she wi.-hed her son to leave school 
and assist her in managing the farm at Woolsth rpe. For a 
year or two, therefore, he tried to turn his attention tofatming. 
Hut his mind was so bent on becoming a scholir, that his 
mother sent him back to school, and aftei wards to the Univer- 
sity of Cambridge. 

I have now finished my anecdotes of Isaac Newton's 
boyhood. My storv would be far too long, were I to mention 
all the splendid discjveries which he made after he came to be 
a man. 

While making these lescarches, he was accustomed to spend 
night after night in a lofty tower, gazing at the heavenly bodies 
through a telescope. His mind was lifted far above the things 
of this world. He may be said, indeed, to have spent the 
greater part of his life in worlds that lie thousands and millions 
of miles away; for where the thoughts and the heart are, there 
is our true existence. 

Did you ever hear the story of Newton and his little dog, 
Diamond'.' One day, when he was fifty years old, and had been 
hard at work more than twenty years studying the theory of 
light, he went out of his chamber, leaving his little dog asleep 
before th fire. On the table lay a heap of manusciipt papers, 
containing all the discoveries which Mewton had made during 
those twenty years. When his master was gone, up rose litile 
Diamond, jumped upon the table, and overthrew the lighted 
candle. The papers immediately caught fire. 

Just as the destruction was coinplet. d, Newton opened the 
chamber door, and perceived that the labors of twenty years 
were reduo-d tr- a heap of ashes. There stood little Diamond 
the author of all the luLschief. Almost any other man would 
have sentenced the dog to immediate death. But Newton 
patted him on the head with his usual kindness, although grief 
was at his heart. 

"tJ Diamond, Diamond " exclaimed he, "thou little knowest 
the niischief thou hast done!" 

This incident affected his health and spirits for some time 
afterwards; but, froui his conduct towards the little dog, you 
may judge what was the sweetness of his temper. 

Newton lived to be a very old man, and acquired great 
renown, and was made a member oi I'arhament, and received 
the honor of knighthood from the kimr. But he cared liitle 
for earthly fame or honors, and felt no pride in the vastness of 
his knowledge. All that he had learned only made him fi el 
how little he knew in comparison to what remained to be 
known. 

"I seem to my.self like a child," ob.-erved he, "plajing on 
the sea shore, and picking np here and there a curious shtJ', 







6Qi^, ^ 15S 



JTJ^ElsriXjE II^TSTI^TJOTOI?/ 



^^^1 



9^' J 



or a pretty pebble, while the boundless ocean of Truth lies 
undiscovered before me." 

At last, in 1727, wh»;n he was fourscore and five years old, 
Sir Isaac Newton died — or rather he ceased to live on the 
earth. We may be permitted to believe that he is still searching 
out the infinite wisdom and goodness of the Creator, as earnest- 
ly, and with even more success than while his spirit animated 
a mortal body. He has left a name behind him which will be 
as endurable as if his name were written in letters of light 
formed by the stars upon the midnight sky. — Ti-ue Utories. 



THZIC -EIY^^OIIiTTII. 



''rnilE first fine Spring day will bring it to light again, my 
jL child," I overheard a gardener saying to a fair-haired 
blue-eyed little boy, who stood in evident grief beside him. 
The man had been planting various hyacinth bulbs, and was 
now preparing a tiny grave for one that his son was holding 
tightly clasped in his small dimpled hands. 

"You must not take my pretty ball away," cried the child, 
"I won't have it put in that nasty black earth." 

The gardener smiled at the child's anger, and said: 

'"The earth will be a nice warm bed for your ball: there it will 
lie sheltered from the cold wind and frosty nights, till the Spring 
comes, and then my little boy will find here a beautiful sweet 
smelling flower, instead of this dingy, scentless thing." And 
he took the bulb from the boy's gtasp, put it carefully into the 
hole he had made lor it, and covered it gently with the protect 
ing earth. 

"I do not care for your beautiful flowers, and I love my own 

dear ball;" the child replied; and his tears fell fast for his lost 

plaything. 

********** 

When the hright morning of the year, sweet Spring, had 
dawned, I found myself a frequent visitor at the gardener's 
cottage; his sweet child was ill, and I came to while away some 
of the little suft'erer's long, weary huurs. One day, when I was 
sitting by his side, his father came in, carrying a beautilu 
hyacinth, whose snowy petals tilled the room with a delicioug 
fragrance. 

The child's eyes glistened with pleasure, as the gardener said 
to him: 

"There is your ball thai the April sun has brought to light; 
do you remember ii? and will you forgive me now, my darling?" 

The little boy threw his arms around his father's neck, then 
pressed his hot fevered lips upon the cool blossoms, and 
exclaimed: • 

"iJow lovely!" 

The child had grown many years older in those few months, 

— for illness ages rapidly; he was greatly changed, and the ball 

which had amused him so much in his merry days of health, 

would now certaii:ly have remained like his other toys unnoticed 

by his sid.-, while that flower, oh, who can tell the pleasure it 

gave him! 

********** 

Some weeks elapsed. I was standing by the gardenei's side 
in the quiet cemetry — among the graves. He was kneeling, 
with his lace hidden on a little gras-sy mound; at the foot of it 
a white hyacinth rose, pale, fair, and tender. I tried to whisper 
words of comfort to the hear-stricken father; I told him he 
would find his darling again — an angel in heaven. 

"Ah! but it is not an ansel, it is my loved child I want;" 
cried the poor man. "the child that made my house so bright 
and gay — that loved me so fondly — sd dearly. It he is an anjuel 
I si all not know him, my heart will yearn for my child, and he 
wi 1 be changed— another." 



"And will not you be changed likewise? ' said I, as my eyes 
rested on the hj-acinth, and I suddenly remmenibered the child's 
tears, when the bulb was planted, and his delight when the 
flower was given to him. "Your child," said I softly to the 
mourner, "could not imagine what you meant by the beautiful 
flower which you promised him would rise from the buried bulb; 
but when you brought it to him, with what delight he welcomed 
his old friend in the new comer! He waschanged, and his ball 
would have pleased him no more. Have faith in your F.ither, 
and believe that when you join your darling child, you will both 
be transformed, and as well able, after the great mystery of 
death has reunited you, to love and understand each other in 
the world of spirits, as you loved and understood each other 
here on earth." — Selected. 



$ftlt^t%th i^oduy- 



"L'ttle by little" the acorn said. 

As it slowly sank in its mossy bed, 

"I am improving every day, 

Deep hidden in the earth away." 

Litile by iitt/e, it sipped the dew, 

Litlle by liltle eav.h day it grew, 

Uownwiir I it sent a lhre:id-like root; 

Up in the air sprang a tiny shoot. 

Day afer day, year af • r year, 

JJ/'tle by titlie, the leaves appear; 

And the s ender branches spread far and wide, 

Till the giant oak is the forest's pride. 

Far down in the depths of the deep blue sea. 
An insect tiain works ceaselessly; 
(irain by grain they are building well. 
Each one alone in its littl« cell; 
M'liiient by moment, and day by day. 
Never stopping to rest or play. 
Kocks upon rocks, ihey aie rearin,: high, 
'J'ill the top looks out on the sun: y sky; 
The gentle wind and the balmy a.r, 
Lillte by lit'te, bring verdure there; 
Till the suuinier sunbeams gaily smile 
On the buds and tlowersof the coral isle. 

"Little by little," said a thoughtful boy, 

"Moment by moment, I'll well employ, 

Learning a little every day. 

And not spending all my time in play. 

And s'ill this ruie in my mind shall dwell: 

'Whatever 1 do I will d . it well.' 

Little by tittle, I'll learn to know 

The treasured wisdom of loni; ago; 

And one oi these davs, perhaps we'll see, 

Th.it the world wilfbo ihe better for uie.'' 



Is publisli«;it in Salt Lake City, Utali Territory 
EVERY OTHEU SATURPAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR A PUBLISHER 



mingle Copy, per Annum- ••• 
Single Copy, for Sij: Months 



.$3 00 
• 150 



*i^ It i» expected wliere ngents forward nameo they will be responsible 
f ,r tlie papers tliuB ordered; and when Cash payments are made, they wi I 
please forward then, with the letter eontuininsf the names ol the subscribers. 

Jtif KIdir Will. II Shearman, I.ojjan, will act as General Agent lor 

*^«j'^(jraii7bron-ht to t is City for the .JrvF.Nii.E iNsTRUCTon will be 
r eceived at the office of our p;per-DESK tl >KWS IJ'JH,Dls<iS. 



'V* 



!?■ 




