
VOL 4. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 18G9. 



NO. 20. 



vJoseiph: j^i<tid ivHj^R/ir iFL^Eiisrc 



II<rTO EG-YiFT. 



fl 



THE cut below is intended to represent Joseph fleeing with 
Mary and the child Jesus into Egypt, by the command 
of the Lord, as recorded by the sacred writers who have given 
us the life of our Savior. But we fancy the artist who designed 
the picture had but little idea of life and manners in the far 
East, or he never would have represented this event in the 
Way he has done. Or, perhaps, he has copied one of the 



present day, every woman who walks or rides out, studiously 
covers her face that no man may see it. 

Then, again, Joseph is traveling, it we may believe the cut, 
all the way from Palestine to Egypt with his head bare. 
Imagine for one moment a man traveling several hundred 
miles under the scorching sun of Egypt and Arabia without 
any head dress. As the truth is, the people of those parts 
se'dom or novpr uneover their heads. When they go into a 




" old masters." juii ui g. a gi-niu?, a^ i.auilci.s, wiiu lu.:a 
several hundred years ago, but who were entirely ignorant of 
the people menrioned in the Bible, whose ways of living and 
style of dress, &c , were as different from the nations where 
the old masters lived, as are the ways of life and dres.-. of a 
Ute Indian and a ('liiiiaman. But, knowing no better, they 
uicssed Jesus, the Apostles or Patriarchs, Mo.-.es and David, 
in the style of Italian or German nobles of the day in wliicli 
they lived, represented their houses like feudal castles, and 
tlieir battles like the Field of the Cloth of Gold. So is it in 
this picture. Mary is dressed like at'atholic nun, with her 
face unveiled, a thing which would never have occurred in 
Palestine, where, from the ago of Saiah and Rebecca to the 



piuce L'l woi.-Miii iuL'3 iuulc u.i icii;!! shoes, but not their tur- 
bans. The Jews retain the habit of keeping their beads 
covered in their synagogues even to this day. Go intu one ol' 
these Israelitish churches and you will see tliitni all sitting with 
their hats on, a custom they have no doubt, .etainiid from 
the earliest ages, and as much in vogue in the days of Jesus 
as now. If Joseph had attempted to travel as he is rejirc- 
sented in the picture, he would Imvo died of sun stroke long 
before he quitted the plains of Pale.--iiiie or emerged from the 
hill country of Judea. You w II notice, too, that the houses, 
trees, bridge, &c., are far from resembling those met with in 
the land of prumise; being a nearer resemblance to the scenery 
ol France or central Kmope. 



!^ 



■SjfC 



I 



154= 



CTTJ'VEITIXjE! XJSr&TT^lJ'GTO:R. 



%^J 



'iC** 






There is another ihing in the picture that must appear 
struugi- tij out- .young readers. It is that Joseph is represented 
as an old man. The reason is this : there is an old monkish 
tradition that Mary was the second wife of Joseph; that lie 
had previously been married to a wife who was dead, who had 
been the mother of a large family. This tradition was in- 
vented, as far as we can find out, in the days when it was 
considered almost wicked to marry, and as the brothers of 
Jesus are spoken of in the New Testament, the monks tried to 
make out that they >; ust have been the children of some other 
wnnian, for .'^iaiy. acco ding lo their ideas, was too pure and 
holy to have any otiiei children after -.'esus. This is some of 
the non.>ien,~e taught by the priests of the chiu'ch when they 
began to depart from ihc ways ot Uod, and had lost the s])irit 
of revelation, and when those who lived and died without 
being married were considered the best and holiest on earth, 
from which idea sprang that of having large houses called 
abbej's, priories, convmts and nunneries, in which men and 
women withdraw from the world to spend all their lives in 
religious services. 

There are other classes of Bible pictures that are eipially 
foolish. We mean those representing angels with wings on 
their backs; Jesus and his Apostles with a halo of glory round 
their heads; Jesus being baptized by having a saucerful of 
water poured over his head, while he stands in about six inches 
of water in the river Jordan, &c. All these arise from the 
foolish ideas of men when they had not the light of truth from 
heaven to guide them. They thought because birds had wings 
to fly with, th 'refore, if angels flew through the midst of heaven, 
they must have had wings also But did not .J^sus ascend 
inf'i heaven, and descend many times aftei- his death. Had he 
wing.s? Nobody would think of repiesei'ting him with wings 
aft.iched to hi.-> back. If Jesus had nut wings, and C'luld pa.^s 
f'runi heaven to earth, and from eaith to heaven, then what 
rea-on is there for fancying that angels have wings? None at 
ail. God has not made men s backs for wings to be put on, 
and we know that angels are those who were once the servants 
of God oil this earth, and on account of their lives of devotion 
to Bim are now permitted to dwell near blim in heaven. 

Then with regard to the lia|.tism of Jesus. Every child of 
a Latter da.\ Saint should know thai there is but one form of 
bapti.sin, and thati^ by immersion, Jesus was not sprinkled 
with a lew drops of water on hi.- forehead, nor had he a half 
pint of water poured over him. The Scriptures directly state 
that he went into rhe w ter, for when lie "came up out of the 
Water," the Spirit of <iod descend d upon him, and God the 
Father acknowledged hiiu as His .-ion b\ His own voice out 
ol heaven, hail be hccir sprink cil or pour el upon, there 
would ha>e been no ntce.-sii.y (or i.lin gi/ing down into the 
M-j'er Bri: bi- wii riiini.r.-^fd. ! aic' a I hi> servants Thus 
we .see th ■ oli, -n h pieu'cs ' <\if<i- of which cc have 

been sp!> ikiiii' 

Hut now a ,■, rt no.u- .iboul the incidents which caused 
Joseph to take .^larv and Jc.-us into Kgypt. 

Herod, the ruler of Judea, had heard many wonderful thi gs 
regarding Jesus, and ho was afraid of him, and, therefore, 
determined to kill him, and thus prevent the iirophecies being 
fultilled. All cowards are cruel, and Herod, not knowing 
which of the many children in Bethlehem was the promised 
one, determined to destroy all the infants in that city and its 
neighborhood under two years old. But the Lni.], krrowing the 
thoughts and intents of all men, appeared to Jo-epli in a dr-eam 
and said, '"Arise, aird take the young child and his mother, 
anil flee into Egy|)t, and be thou there until I bring thee word, 
for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him." Then 
Joseph aro.se in the night, and, taking Mary and her child, 
fled at once into Kgypt, and he remained there until the death 



of Herod, when the Lord told him to return home. The 
tyrant, not knowing what the Lord had done, .slew all the 
children found in Bethlehem; but his purpose was not accom- 
plished, Jesus still lived to fulfil his glorious mission and 
redeem the world. G. K. 



For the Juvenile Jnstructoi: 



ii«i« mniu. 



VCO 



^$ 



CHAPTER XVIIL 



LHTLE WILLIE GROWN TO JIANHOOD. 



EACH disputant selected a chairman. Then a gentleman 
from the congregation was chosen umpire, whose business 
it was to finally settle all disputes. 

Mr Theobold opened the debate. He said that that was 
the thirty-sixth debate in which he h.-id taken a part, and that 
some of them were of nine nights' duration; that he had met 
and confounded the leading spirits of the twelve apostles, com- 
pletely refuted their arguments, and left them entirely without 
foundation. With emphasis, and in an overbearing and self 
confident style he reprimanded Willie for being so presumptous 
as to meet in debate a man who had refuted and put to -shame 
the nraster spirits of the 'iMurmon" church. 

.Ml the audience looked upon the contest as being a very 
unequal one. Willie also felt that he could not in his own 
strength meet this man and expect »o be succos-f'ul; therelbre, 
he prayed to God for support. He asked his Heavenly Father 
to give him words to say A< he closed the little prayer lie 
arose to answer his opponent's opening speech At first he 
felt confused, but soon he became very calm. He acknow 
ledged the .superior intelligence and experience of his oppon- 
ent, and related the story of David and Goliah. Ho compared 
hisojiponent to Goliah and himself to David, and added: 

"1 serve the same God that David served, and expect that 
the same Almighty Hand will support me. David slew his 
giant and by the help oi God I will slay mine." 

The audience cheered him loudly, and Mr. Theobold showed 
clearly by the exprc-^sions of his countenance that he felt 
keenly the force ot the comparison. 

Willie now felt that he was gaining cround: the congrega- 
tion had ceased their expressions of sympathy, and the night 
pas^ed oif with impressions in Willie's favor. 

At the second night, the umpire ad manifested too impar- 
tial a >piiit 10 please Mr. Theobold and his frietrds, hence, he 
wa;5 nut re-elected, but this evening one of their own party was 
chosen to fill his place. The umpire elect for the second 
evening addressed the meeting before taking his chair, ac- 
knowledging freely thai he was prejudiced against the "Mor- 
mons" and consequently that if he extended any partiality to 
either party the "Mormons" need not look for it. During the 
whole eveiriirg he so thoroughly carried out thesentiments that he 
had so candidly expressed that he was re-elected the third . 
evening. 

Duriirg the course of the evening Mr. Theobold flatly con- 
ti-adictcd himself. Willie, being able to write phonography, 
reported his opponent's words, and in his next speech made 
relerencc to the contradiction. Here Mr. Theobold interrupted 
Willie and denied having said the words referred to. Willie 
then took up his notes and read text and context. The editor of 




J" TJ "V E IT I 31. E IISrSTI^TJOTOI^. 




the Northehi Lummmij who sat in front of the stand, arose 
and testified to the correctness of the notes. Others followed 
with expressions relative to their correctness. Willie fully 
established his position, and then demanded through the chair, 
that Mr. Theobold in his noxt speech should tell the audience 
"which time it was that he told thetrutn." Here theauaience 
cheered Willie, and Mr. Theobold felt very much chagrined; 
he knew that ho had committed himself, and that his hearers 
saw it. He now turned over his papers and books in a furious 
manner, as though he was hunting for someth'ng of special 
importance- 

When Willie sat down, Mr. Theobold rose, in a manner 
peculiar to himself, evidently striving to attract the attention 
of the audience, and to draw their minds away from his diffi- 
culty. I-nstead of answering Willie's question, he took up the 
second volume of the Millennial Star and read a portion of 
what he said some author sets forth, that some devils and 
some angels had descended from Adam and Eve, and defied 
Christian or "Mormon" within the range of the wide world, 
to prove any such statement from the Bible. This was very 
startling and novel to the people, and, consequently, mea- 
surably attracted their attention, and drew them Irom Mr. 
Theobold's glaring contradictions. 

When Willie arose to answer, he informed the audience 
that his opponent had failed to tell them which time it was 
that he had told the truth. He then continued; 

"Mr. Theobold has defied Christian or "Mormon" to prove 
from any divine source that any devil or angel ever came from 
Adam or Eve. In support of a devil having come from our 
first jjarents in a Chrisuan congregation, I deem it only 
necessary to repeat the words of our Savior upon the subject: 
"I have chosen twelve of you, and one of you is a devil." 

Theobold — "Chapter and verse?" 

Willie — "Mr. Theobold, if you have read your Bible, you 
know that the passage is there; and if you have neglected to 
do so, sir, I feel myself uod^T no obligation ti; suffer for your 
ignorance." (A voice from the audience. — "A school boy 
knows that is there.") Here again Willie was loudly cheered. 

Willie — "Now, Mr. Theobold, if our Savior spake the truth, 
and, if Judas, the one to whom he here referred, was really a 
devil, and did not come from Adam and Eve, please give us 
his origin?" 

"My next task is to prove that an angel has come from that 
rource. Read the 22ud chapter of Revelafions, and y,)U will 
there find it recorded that an angel appeared unto John. His 
glory was so bright and glorious that John seemed to think 
that it was the Lord who had come unto him in person, and 
consequently he fell down to worship him. Read the angel's 
words in the 9th verse: 

See thou do it not: for I am thy fellow servant, and of thy 
brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of 
this book: worship God, Now did this angel tell the truth? 
Was he one of John's brethren and one of the prophets? If 
so, and he did not come from Adam and Eve, please give us 
his origin?" 

Turning to y.r. Theobold, he added: "Mr. Theobold, in j-our 
next speech, please do not forget to tell us which time vou told 
the truth?" Wm. W. B. 



ff*^' 



The poet Bryant counsels a young contributor to the Post as 
follows: "My young friend, I observe that you have used sev- 
eral French expressions in your article. I think, if you will 
study the English language, that you will find it capable of ex- 
pressing all the ideas you may have. T have always found it 
so, and in all that I have wiitlen, I do not recall an instance 
where I was tempted to use a foreign word, but that, on search- 
ing, I found a better one la uiy own Luguage." 



For the Juvenile Instmctor. 



\ml%%ti uf lamniDtt. ®6ittg$» 



:FijTJOi?.iisrE. 



THIS element exists in combination with other elements, 
for which it has very powerful affinities, so much so that 
it corrodes all vessels in its free state. It is generally obtained 
from "fluor spar," or Derbyshire spar, as this minerrJ. is called, 
from the name of the county, in England, where it is found 
in great abundance. Fluorine, however, is widely diffused in 
nature, existing in some varieties of precious stones, such as 
the topas, and in most of the rocks and soils of the earth. 
Some mineral springs contain it, as does sea water; ashes of 
plants and bones contain a small proportion, from which the 
first are supposed to obtain their toughness, and the latter their 
liavdness. When we understand organic chemistry, it will be 
seen how simple are the natural connivances, for such they 
appear to be, to obtain the largest amount of good for man in 
the most scientific and elegant manner, with the least quantity 
of material 

From "fluor spar" many ornaments are made, as it is easily 
turned in a lathe The ancients used this mineral for similar 
purposes; vessels for oblations or offerings, vases. &c., were 
made ot it. Many of the variegated ornaments now used for 
the mantel-piece, candlesticks, watch-stands, &c., are manu- 
factuvtd in great abundance at a cheap rate of this substance, 
which greatly resembles marble, except that it is more trans- 
parent. 

This mineral, when finely powdered and placed in a silver 
or platinum retort, can be distilled, and the fluorine obtained 
in the following manner : some highly concentrated fluid, 
sulphuric acid, is added, anj licat is applied, upon which the 
sulphur unites to the lime, forming sulphate of lime, the 
fluorine set free then instantly unites with the hydrogen of the 
water contained in the sulphuric acid, forming hydro fluoric 
acid, one of the most corrosive fluids known. 

Advantage, however, is taken of this quality; the hard 
substance, glass, is engraved on by its use, much in the same 
manner that etching is done on metal with aqua-fortis. It will 
be better to explain the process. First, the glass to be 
engraved on is covered with a very thin coating of bees' wax, 
by warming the glass over a slow fire and rubbing the wax 
evenly on the surface. When cold those parts of the thin film 
of wax are removed where the design is wanted. The hydro- 
fiuoric acid may then be poured over, or merely the fumes of 
that fluid may be applied by placing the gl-jss over a vessel 
containing it. The hydro-fluoric acid then dissolves out the 
silica of "the glass, for which it has a very powerful affinity, 
forming hollow places wherever the surface has been exposed. 
In this way works of art of great beauty are engraved, or 
"embossed," as some call this truly etching process. By some 
this is called "writing on glass." In whatever way tliis is 
effected, it is by the corrosive action of fluorine on the silex or 
silica contained in glass, which is derived from the sand, or 
flint used in making that substance. 

There will be uocasion again to allude to this element when 
silicon is under consideration. Beth. 

[To he Continued.) 



The Answer to the charade in No. 16 is Benjamn Frank- 
LIN; to that in No 17, Glover; and to that in .No. 18, SiAKCir. 



1^ 

[-9 




cr TJ "v E int I Xj E] xjsrsrrjzTjaTCDTt. 












"sXTURD AY, 



CAlVNOiV,. i„. 

SEPTEMBER 



"inx^T 



EIDITOK/I-^Xj 



2 5, 18 fi 9. 
THZOTJG-HTS. 




principle pertaining to the Gospel is of 

greater importance than obedience ; for 

without obedience no blessing cai) come 

upon the people. Men may talk all iheir 

lives about their faith; but, if they do not 

obey, they can not obtain the promised 

blessing. For ins-tance, a man may say 

that he believes in Jesus, and that He is 

the Son of God; he may believe in baptism 

and the laying on of hand~; but can he get 

his sins remitted or receive the Holy Ghost if he 

should not obey baptism or the laying on of 

hands? Every child can answer that ho can not. 

You can all see, then, that the principle of 

obedience is of great importance. 

What is the nature of the ol edience that children 

should show to their parents? Oan they stop and 

argue with them, and say, when they are told to do 

a certain thing: Father, ot mother, would it not be 

in some other way? No well- 



better to do thi 
behaved child will do th s; but he will go promptly and do 
what is required of him. Children ma>'|3ii£|iti4^<^'lG)V''tfel# 
thing their parents ask them to do; but still tM,s dipuld.not 
prevent them from obeying. Parents ask thUit %wlfllerVYilfil) 
ns^nv thuifaiThieh thtf»si nroh* 

nDoriJoratiQn oritiTBi P i 

tneir dnilQren ao not. A ch.ld 

been properly trained, has faith that its parents will ask it to 

do nothing but what is right, and the spirit of obedience is so 

strong within it that it goes without hesitation and obeys their 

commands. 

It is in this manner that God should be obeyed. To begin 
with we must have faith in Him When we have a proper 
degree of faith, it is easy and joyful to obey every requirement 
of God, whether we understand it or not. God's ways cannot 
be fully understood by man, they are frequently beyond our 
comprehension; though if we try to do as He tells us, He gives 
us such jileasure and peace that we are convinced we are right. 
God commanded Abraham to make a sacrifice of his son Isaac. 
This was murder, and yet God's law commanded men not to 
kill. Suppose Abraham had stopped and said: "I can not 
understand this; you tell me to kill my son when I know that 
it is wrong to kill;" would Abraham have been justified? No; 
had he hesitated, he would have shown that he did not have 
confidence in God. But he knew that God haci the right to 
command, and that it was his duty to obey, and leave all the 
consequences with the Ix)rd. 

When the Lord commanded Israel to surround the city of 
Jericho, He told Joshua to proceed in a singular manner. The 
ark of the covenant was i ■ be " imed around the city once 
every day for six daj's. Before the ark, seven priests were to 
march with seven trumpets of rams' horns, on which they were 
to blow, snd before them all the armed men were to walk 
The rest of the people were to walk ' chind the ark. Th-s 
th'-y mavobtd around the city, the seven priests blowing on 
their nr.i!^' h'.ni-, ■■iic'j every day for six days. How funny a 
procetdiug this must have been to the king of Jericho and his 



mighty men of war inside of the walls. Is it not likely they 
laughed when they saw the people of Israel marching day after 
day in this manner? And how many of the people of Israel must 
have thought this a very ridiculous plan to capture a city ! But 
they marched for the six days, and on the seventh, instead of go- 
:..o .xx^.uaa uiii^u ui.ij, ikoy went around seven times, the priests 
blowing with their trumpets as before. When they had all gone 
around seven times, the priests made a long blast with their 
rams' horns, and Joshua told the people to shout, and sure 
enough, the walls tumbled down, and Israel marched into the 
city. It was captured. 

Suppose the camp of Israel had said to Joshua, when he told 
them how to proceed, "Oh, this course which you say we must 
take is out of all reason. Who ever heard of a city being taken 
in this manner?" would Jericho have been taken? No, it would 
not But it required faith and obedience on their part to obey 
this command given unto them through Joshua. Some would 
probably have called it "blind obedience;" but yet it required 
just that kind of obedience, as in the case of Abraham, to ac- 
complish the desired result 

Now, children, it is th's kind of faith and obedience that is 
needed in these days. God has given us a propbet to lead us. 
We must obey him, if we would have the blessing of God to 
rest upon us. Never let doubts arise in your hearts about him 
or his teachings and counsels ; for, if Satan can persuade you to 
doubt, he has gained a great victory over you, aad he will lead 
you captive as he will. 



hcjg-h: Lj^TinycEi?.. 



IN the midst of the pas-:ons and cruelty of Henry t'lll., the 
tG*)5l^Atf€3fet^/|&eachea a sermon in his presence, at the 

iiTrlLna'jtoVn°"'^°'""^°^ ^° ^^^ strongest terms the very 
tli'ilhyityvthWh'fevery one knew the monarch was peculiarly 

WlTo Tias fboa pareiifS' and has ] adunmstered to his "^pleasant vices," Henry sent for Latimer 

and threatened him with instant death if he did not on the nest 
occasion retract all his censures as openly as he made them. 
The reproof got wind, and on the next Sunday, the Koyal 
Chapel was crowded with the courtiers, eager to hear the terms 
in which the inflexible prelate was to recant his censures on the 
voluptuous tyrant But Latimer ascended the pulpit, and 
after a long pause, fixing his eyes steadily on Henry, exclaimed 
in the quaint language of the time, to which its inherent digni- 
ty has communicated eloquence: 

"Bethink thee, Hugh Latimer! thou art in the presence of 
thy worldly sovereign, who has power to terminate thy earthly 
life and cast all thy worldly goods into the flames. But- bethink 
also, Hugh Latimer, that thou art in the presence of thy Heav- 
enly Father, whose right hand is mighty to destroy as well as to 
save, and who can cast thy soul into hell-fire." 

And immediately began in terms even severer and more cut- 
ting than before, to castigate the favorite vices and crimes of 
his indignant sovereign. The issue of the talc was different 
from what the cruel character of the tyrant mighl; have led us 
to suspect. Henry, who with all his atrocity, was not on occa- 
sions destitute of generous sentiments, was penetrated by the 
heroic constancy of the venerable prelate; and, instead of load- 
ing him with chains and sending him, as every one expected, to 
the scaffold, only expressed his admiration of his courage and 
took him more ii'to favor than ever. 



A iiu: is a moral coward; he is afraid to meet the conse- 
quences of his acts. 

It is an old yet true saying that falsehood will travel a league 
while truth is putting on its boots. 



i'tQ^ 



}i^ 



httD://www.archive.org/details/iuvenileinstruct420geor 



rfC^i 



v''f^ 



I 



J" X7 "V E 3Sr I I-i E! IlNrSTK.TJOTOI^. 




ziXJisTTinsra- btj:p:p.a.IjO- 



THOSE of our young readers who have not seen a Buffalo, 
have doubtless heard of them so frequently that they are 
quite familiar with their nppoarance and habits. They have 
seen buffalo robes, and from them can Torni an idea of tlieir 
color. Unlike our tame cattle, there is no difference in color 
among them; they are invariably of a dark brown, some jarts 
of the body ijeing nearly black. They are of a light color when 
young. Judging from the many buffalo heads which we found 
in the valleys when we first came, there was a time, not long 
previous, when they were numerous in this country. The In- . . 

dians so say, we have been told, that tbey all perished some rious kinds for the sake of sport, and not because they are hun 

"wouWlnoc like to be 



they could have eaten; but to waste animal life in the manner 
they did, and to leave the carcarses of the poor brutes to rot upon 
the ground, was sinful in the extreme. These men in the pic- 
ture are so concealed that they can kill a number. They are pro- 
bably on the leeward side of the buffalo, and they can not smell 
lucm. '•'•'■' ip^Jnyils have a very acute .';cn;e of smell. If a 
man conceal hmiselr on the siae nv,™ .^_,^ ^.^ • i 11 

and attempt tj approach them, they will take atariS^^u 4".—' 
ly run off. 

We hope, if these men in the engraving are hungry, they 
will get enough to satisfy their wants, but no more. Those 
people who shoot buffalo and Jeer and rabbits and birds of va- 




years previous to our 
coming here, in a very 
dtep snow which fell in 
all these valleys. Like 
the Indians, they are 
gradually disappearing 
before the advance of the 
settlements of the white 
man. 

In 1847, when we 
came to the valley, the 
valley of the Platte river 
as far as the eye could 
reach, was frequently 
covered with them, and 
we had to exercise un- 
ceasing vigilance to keep 
our cattle from stampe- 
ding and running off 
with them. It was an 
exciting sight to see a 
herd of them galloping 
past, making the earth 
tremble with their tread; 
and it made the horses 
andoattle feel very wild to Lear thtir loud Lello\\.nj m tie 
distance. The temptation to shoot them was very hard for 
many of the men to resist; but early in the journey, they were 
taught that it was a sin in the sight of God to waste flesh, that 
is, to kill a buffalo, or any other game, when its flesh was not 
needed or could not be used for food. These teachings had a 
restraining effect upon our people, and there was very little 
killing done merely for the sport of shooting. But this was not 
the case with other travelei-s. They shot them for sport, and 
especially cows, which the Indians are desirous of keeping alive, 
go that the stock of game may not diminish. Large numbers 
of buffalo have been killed by white men for the past twenty 
years, which have lain and rotted on the ground, or been eaten 
by wolves. 

A few days ago, we were introduced to two noblemen from 
Europe. They were traveling through this country for pleas 




gry, 

shot at and killed for fun 
by somebody more pow- 
erful than they. We 
expect they would raise 
a great outcry if a band 
of men were to go about 
shooting at them for 
sport. Yet is not one 
act as fair as the other? 
If men would not like a 
more jiowerful race to 
wantonly kill them, wliy 
should they so cruelly 
and unnecessaiily killi-n 
inferior race? 

Buffalo have to be hit 
in the right place by a 
bullet to kill them. A 
buffalo bull will carry a 
number of balls wiihout 
falling, if he docs 
not happen to be hit in 
a vital spot. We have 
seen their heads, which 
are co>eied with short thick, cuiled wool, shot at, and the 
bullet make no impression only to n.ake the animal sliake 
his head violently. They toss up the sand with their horns 
and fill the wool which covers their foreheads so full oi it that 
a bullet from a good rifle will frequently not penetrate the .kuU. 
We recollect a buffalo hunt which we had on the Platte, that, 
in its results, nearly proved fatal to us. While the camp was 
resting for noon, we, together with some other boys started oii 
to try and get some buffalo meat. We were gone longer than 
we anticipated, and when we returned, the train was in mo- 
tion. The wagon we drove was on the lead of the company, 
and as we overtook it, we took the percussion cap of the tube 
of the gun, climbed into the wagon and laid the rifle down on 
a bed that was in the back part of the wagon, with the muzzle 
towards the front where we were sitting. After some time had 
elapsed, we heard a cry from behind for us to get out our ride. 



ure, and had taken this city in their route. They we;e much Looking around the corner of tlie wagon, we saw a fine, large 
delighted with all they saw here, and expressed great pleasure deer coming up as fast as he could run; he was about seventy- 
at the progress which had been made. In the course of con- five yards distant, and was running parallel with the wagons. 

We saw that, if we got a shot at him, we must lose no time, 
so jumping up on our knees and reaching back intj the wagon, 



progress 
versation, they alluded to their travels. They had been hunt- 
ing, one of them said, on the upper waters of the Arkansas 
river, and on being asked if they had met with plenty of game, 
he replied that they had; they had killed eighty-one buffalo in 
one day. When we heard this reply, the interest we had taken 
in them vanished. We looked upon them with peculiar feelings. 
What cruelty for men to destroy the lives of eighty-one animals 
for the mere pleasure of shooting them! Had they been hungry, 
they could have shot one, and it would have been more than 



we succeeded in grasping the muzzle of our rifle, and jerked it 
hastily towards us. Knowing that it was not <^_apped we felt 
quite safe in drawing the gun towards us m this tashion; but 
the hPmmer caught in the bedding, and it was drawn back 
past the half-cock, it eame down on the tube, and the gun went 
off I It jarred our hand so that the tir~t impression was that 
we were shot through the hand; but it and our wrist were only 



rc^ 



6Q^ 15S 



j-TJ"v^Eisrii-iEi xisrsTTtu'crn o.i^ 



yn 



blackened with the powder. Then we examined our body, for 
we thought we must be shot somewhere, but we found no 
signs of the bullet. Strange to relate, though we had, appar- 
ently, drawn the muzzle of the gun directly in front of our body, 
we had not been hit; the bullet must have passed between ^he 
body and the arm, W.^ .f"U '■' 



tiiaf bullet, 



iiie ijord was 
l.t.'oil tiial bullet, and "we thanked Him for his 
preserving care. We learned a lesson on that occasion, 
which our readers may profit by, if they will, — never handle 
loaded fire-arms carelessly, even thouch they should not be 
capped. In fact, even if you know they are not loaded, you 
should take great care in using them. We supposed that gun 
was entirely safe; how much we were deceived we have told 
you. Doubtless, when we took off the cap, some of the explo- 
sive substance remained on the tube, and when the hammer 
struck it, an explosion followed. We were in no mood to load 
again with a view to kill that deer, even if we had had time, 
so he escaped. We were too thankful in thinking that we were 
alive, to have any idea ot killing anything else the remainder 
of that day. 



THIB 






S^^IFETIT 



Sm nUJIPHREY DAVY. 



From 



'TnirjirHs of Invention and Discovert."- 
Publislied by T. Nelson ct Sons, London. 



<f'%i 



'' ITTHAT'S that? Is the house coming down?" cried Mr. 
* T Borlase, the surgeon-apothecary of Penzance, jumping 
out of his cozy arm-chair, as a tremendous explosion shook 
the house from top to bottom, making a great jingle among the 
gallipots in the shop below, and rousing him from acomfortab'e 
nap. 

"Please, sir," said Betty the housemaid, putting her head 
into the room, "here's that boy Davy been ablowing of hisself 
up agen. Drat him, he's always up to seme trick or other! 
He'll be the death of all of us some day, that boy will, as sure 
as my name's Bettj'." 

"Bring him here directly," replied her master, knitting his 
btow, and screwing his mild countenance into an elaborate 
imitation of that of a judge he once saw at the assizes, with 
the black cap on, sentencing some poor wretch to be hanged. 
"Keally, this sort of thing won't do at all." 

Only, it must be owned, Mr. Borlase had said that many 
times before, and put on the terrible judicial look too, and yet 
"that boy Davy" was at his tricks again as much as ever. 

"I'll bring as much as lean find of them, sir," said Betty, 
gathering up her apron, as if she fully expected to discover the 
object of her search in a fragmentary condition. 

Presently there was shuffling in the passage, and a somewhat 
ungainly youth, about sixteen years of ago, was thrust info the 
room, with the due complement of legs, arms, and other mem- 
bers, and only somewhat the griniyier about the face for the cx- 
I'losion. His fingers were all yellow with acids, and his clothes 
I>lcntifully variegated with stains from the same compounds. 
At first .sight, he looked rather a dull, loutish boy, but his sharp, 
clear eyes somewhat redeemed his expression on a second glance. 

"Here he is, sir," cried Betty 'triumphantl.v, as though she 
really had found him in pieces, and took credit for having put 
him cleverly together again. 

"Weil, Humjihrey," .«aid Mr. Borlase, "what have you been 
up to DOW? Vou'll never rest, I'm al'raid, till you have the 
house on fire." 



"Oh! if you please, sir, I was only experimenting in the gar- 
ret, and there's no harm done." 

"No harm done!" echoed Betty; "and if there isn't, it's no 
fault of yours, you nasty monkey. I declare that blow-up gave 
nifi cnnVi a turn vou could h»' knocked me down with a feather, 
and there's a smell all over the house enough to pison any 
one." 

"That'll do, Betty," said her master, finding the grim judi- 
cial countenance rather difficult to keep up, and anxious to pro- 
nounce sentence before it quite wore off. "I'll tell you what it 
is, young Davy, this sort of thing won't do at all. I must speak 
to Mr. Tonkine about you; and if I catch you at it again, you'll 
have to take yourself and your experiments somewhere else. 
So I warn you. You had' much better attend to your work! 
It was only the other day you gave old Goody Jones a paperful 
of cayenne instead of cinnamon; and there's Joe Grimsly the 
beadle, been here half a dozen times this day for those pills I 
told you to make up, and they're not ready yet. So just you 
take yourself off, mind your business, and don't let me have 
any more nonsense, or it'll be the worse for you." 

And so the culprit gladly backed out of the room, not a whit 
abashed by the reprimand, for it was no novelty, to begin his 
experiments again and again, and one day, by way of compen- 
sation for keeping his master's household in constant terror of 
being blown up, to make his name familiar ;;= a honschuid 
word, by the invention of a little instrument that would save 
thousands and thousands from the fearful consequences of coal 
pit explosions. 

The Mr. Tonkine that his master referred to was the self- 
constituted protector of the Davy family. Old Davy had been 
a carver in the town, and dying, left his widow in very dis- 
tressed circumstances, when this generous friend came forward 
and took^upon himself the charge of the widow and her chil- 
dren. Young Humphrey, on leaving school, had been placed 
with Mr. Borlase to be brought up as an apothecary; but he 
was much fonder of rambling about the country, or experiment- 
ing in the garret which he had coustituted his laboratory, than 
compounding drugs behind his master's counter. As a boy he 
was not particularly smart, although he was distinguished for 
the facility with which he gleaned the substance of any book 
that happened to take his iancy, and for an early predilection 
forpoctrj'. As he grew up, the ardent, inquisitive turn of his 
mind displayed itself more strongly. He was very fond of 
spending what leisure time he had in strolling along "the rocky 
coast searching for sea-drift and minerals, or reading some fa- 
vorite book: 

"Tbere along the beach ho wandered, nourishing a'vouth 
sublime, •' 

With the lairy-tales of science, and the long result of time." 
_ In after-life he used often to tell how, when tired, he would 
sit down on the crags and exercise his fancy in anticipations of 
future renown, for already the ambition of distinguishing him- 
self in his favorite science bad seized him. "I have neither 
riches, nor pov;er, nor birth," he wrote in his memorandum- 
book, "to recommend me; yet, if I live, I trust I shall not be 
of less service to mankind and my friends than if I had been 
born with all these advantages." He read a great deal, and 
though without much method, managed, in a wonderfully short 
time, to master the rudiments of natural philosojihy and chem- 
istry, to say nothing of considerable acquaintance with botany, 
anatomy, and geometiy; so tliat, though the pestle and mortar 
might have a quieter time of it than suited his master's notions, 
Humphrey was busy enough in other ways. 

In his walking along the beach, the nature of the air contained 
in the bladders of sea-weed was a constant subject of specula- 
tion with him; and he used to sigh over the Umited laboratory 



I 



M 



J" TJ "V E! IsT I L El I IN" ST K.TJ O T O X^/ . 



159 






at his command, which prevented him from thoroughly inves- 
tigating the matter. But one da)', as good luck would have it, 
the waves threw up a case of surgical instruments from some 
wrecked vessel, somewhat rusty and sand-clogged, but in 
Davy's ingenious hands, capable of being turned to good ac- 
count. Out of an old s.vringe, which was contained in the ease, 
he managed to construct a very tolerable air pump, and the 
other instruments were also put to uses very diflerent from 
what they were originally intended for, just as his master's 
vials and gallipots served him as crucibles and Alambics. At 
first sight, the want of proper instruments for carrying on his 
researches might appear rather a hindrance to his progress in 
the paths of scientific discovery; but, in truth, his subsequent 
success as an experimentalist has been very properly attributed, 
in no small degree, to that neoessify which is the parent of in- 
vention, and which forced him to exercise his skill and ingenu- 
ity in making the most of the scanty materials at his command. 
"Had he," saj'sone of his biographers, "in thecommpncement 
of his career been furnished with all these appliances which he 
enjoyed at a later period, it is more than probable that he 
might never have acquired that wonderful tact of manipulation, 
that ability of suggesting exped.ents, and of contriving appar- 
atus, so as to meet and surmount the difficulties which must 
constantly arise during the progress of the philosopher through 
the unbeaten track and unexplored regions of science!" 

While Davy wr\s thus busily engaged qualifying himself for 
the distinguished career that awnited him, Gregory Watt, the 
son of the celebrated James Watt, being in delicate health, 
came to Penzance for change of air, and lodged with Mrs. 
Davy. At first he and Humprey did not get on very well to- 
gether, for the latter had just been reading some meta physical 
works, and was very fond of indulging in crude and flipjianf 
specuia:ions on such subjects, which rather displeased the shy 
invalid. But one day, some chance remark of Davy's gave 
token of his extensive knowledge of natural history and chem- 
istry, and thenceforth a close intimacy sprang up between them, 
greatly to the lad's advantage, for Watt's scientific knowledge 
set him in a more systematic groove of study, and encouraged 
him to concentrate his energies on his favorite pursuit. 

Another useful friend Davy also found in Mr. Gilbert, after- 
wards President of the Royal Society. Passing along one day, 
Mr. Gilbert observed a youth making strange contortions of face 
as he hung over the hutch gate of Borlase's house; and being 
told by a campanion that he was "the son of Dav}', theearver," 
and very fond of making chemical experiments, he had a talk 
with the lad, and discovering his talents, was ever after his 
staunch friend and patron. 

{,Tohe Continued) 



Place a young girl under the tare of a kind-hearted gracefu 
woman, and she, unconsciously to herself, grows into a graceful 
lady. Place a boy in the establi?liment of a thorough-going, 
straight forward business man, and the boy becomes a self-reli- 
ant, practical business man. Children are susceptible creatures, 
and circumstances, scenes and actions always impress them. 
As you influence them, not by stern example alone, but in a 
thousand other ways that speak through bright scenes, soft 
utterances and pretty pictures, so they grow. Teach 3'our 
children then to love the beautiful. Give them a corner in the 
garden for flowers, encouraging them to put in shape the hang- 
ing baskets, allow them to have their favorite trees, lead them 
to wander in the prettiest woodlcts, show them where they can 
best view the sunset, rouse them in the nmrniiig, not with 
stern "time to work," but the entlmsiastie ".see the beautiful 
gunrise;" buy for them pretty pictures, and encourage them to 
decorate their rocMus, each in his or her childish wa)-. Allow 
them the inivilege and they will make ycur home beautiful. 



.opaitTiii. 



:pe>oi=h:et. 



TSIE 




L'RING the days of which we write, it 
seemed as though the evil one and his 
hosts were making every effort to bring 
trouble upon Joseph. Apostates were 
combined together and appeared deter- 
mined to destroy him. On one occasion 
in April, 1S44, the city Marshal arrested one 
of this class for assaulting his brother in the 
^f'VjX:^ latter' s own house. This brought out his 
companions, three of whom camedown to Joseph's 
ofl[ice. Their names were Chauncey L. Higbee, 
Robert D. Foster and Charles Foster. The two 
first were bitter apostates, the latter was a brother 
of Robert D. Foster, and though he had never 
been in the Church he drank into the spirit of 
murder and violence which they possessed and was 
one with them. Joseph was standing on the steps of 
his oflSoe, and Charles Foster drew a pistol and 
pointed it towards him, and threatened to shoot him. The 
police were directed to arrest him, and, while trying to do so, 
his brother and Higbee interfered, resisted the officers, and 
they were arrested also. They swore dreadful oaths, and Higbee 
and Charles Foster said they would shoot Jiseph. They 
uttered many threats, and said they wiiuld consider themselves 
the favored of God for the privilege of shooting or ridding the 
world of such a tyrant as Joseph was. 

Thus they breathed the spu-it of apostasy, which from the 
days of Cain, has been the spirit of murder and bloodshed. 
Satan is an apostate, and he is a "liar and murderer from the 
beginning," and all who yield themselves to his spirit, and 
become apostates, partake of the disposition to tell lies and to 
murder. This has been the case in every age when God has 
had a people upon the earth, and it will be so as long as Satan 
has any power over the hearts of the children of men. It was 
under the influence of this spirit that Judas, who had been 
chosen as one of the twelve apostles of Jesus, in Palestine, 
betrayed his Lord to His enemies. He told lies about, and 
bore false witness against his best friend, and helped to carry 
out the plan to murder him. And in this dispensation the 
same spirit has been manifested. These men of whom we 
write, and many others, told the most abominable lies about 
Joseph, bore false witness against him and were ready to enter 
into any scheme, or to join hands with any one to destroy him; 
and yet they had been his brethren and friends at one time, 
just as Judas was, apparently, the friend and brother of Jesus! 
The more men know of God and His gospel, the better oppor- 
tunities they have of becoming acquainted with His servants, 
the greater is their condeumation if they turn away from the 
truth, and the more bitter and deadly is their hatred, as a 
general thing, against the servants and people of God, but 
especially against him who holds the keys and .presides over 
the church. 

^^'illiam Law had been Joseph's counselor, had sat with 
him in council and been on terms of intimate irieiidship with 
him; but he had transgressed, had lost the spirit of God, an 1 
now he was the foremost of Joseph's enemies. They rallic 1 
around him, and he became the centre of all the apostate and 




2r% 




JU^EIsrilLjE! I3^STI?.TJCTOI?/ 



disatfected spirits in that region. Satan tried no harder to 
carry out and make suecesslul his rebellion in heaven, thuri 
did \\ illiam Law and his wieked companions to break dnvti 
the work of God and destroy Joseph. On Sunday, April 28th, 
he and the other apostates and their dupes held a meeting at 
liis brother, Wilson Law's house. Several aflBdavits which 
they had taken against Joseph and others were read, and a 
number of them were appointed as a committee to visit the 
different families in the city, to see who would join the new 
church. For they had organized a new church, having decided, 
as many apostates had done before them, that "the doctrine is 
light, but Joseph is a falleu prophet." William Law was 
appointed by them to fill the place of Joseph, and lie chose 
two counselors; and Chauncey L. Higbee and Robert D. 
Foster, the two men who conducied themselves so disgracefully 
on the occasion mentioned above, were selected to be two oi 
the twelve. 

About the 10th of May a prospectus of a paper called the 
Nauvoo Expositor was issued and distributed among thi. 
people by these apostates. The prospectus staled the inten- 
tions of the publishers to be among other things: 

'To advocate the unconditional repeal nf tbe city charter of 
Kauvoo, to restrain and correct the abuses of the i'nit poWkk, 
toward off the rod which is held over the devoted heads of the 
citizens of Nauvoo and the surrounding country, to advucate 
unmitigated DisoBtmENCE to political revelations," &c. 

To read this prospectus a stranger, ignorant of the true con- 
dition of affairs in Nauvoo, would imagine that these pub- 
lishers were great heroes to attempt, in the midst of such a 
condition of affairs as they represented as existing in that city, 
to battle with such giant wrongs. In speaking further about 
what they intended to do in Nauvoo the prospectus said: 

"To advocate and exercise the freedom of speech in Nauvoo, 
independent of the ordinances abridcring the same, — to givi 
tiileration to every m.in's religious sentiments, and sustain all 
in worshipping tlieir God according to th ^ \n Jiiitiuns of theii 
consciences, as guaranteed b3' the Constitution of our country, 
and to oppose witli uuconiprouiising hostility any union of 
Church and State, or any ijreltmiuary step tending to the 
s.iuie," Ac. 

This, with much more of the same sort, was the prospectus 
issued for this paper. Its signers were no other than the two 
Laws, the two Higbees and the two Fosters, every one of them 
vile, adulterous, base men, who had been guilty of the most 
outrageous wickedness, as was proved by abundance ot evi- 
dence. Yet, to read their h gh-sounding pretensions, one 
might imagine tliey were very pure and holy, and that their 
righteous souls were being shocked by the acis o'' Joseph and 
the Saints. But the truth was, they could not bear the law 
of God; it was too stringent for them. The freedom of speech 
which they wished to exercise was to have licen.so to attack 
and -destroy the work of God, and shed the blood of his 
ano'ntel ones. The ordinances which they wished to repeal 
were those which would not permit them to practise wicked- 
ness. This was the freedom they sought to obtain, and to 
gain it they were eager to strip the Saicts of their city charter 
and to deprive them of all power to check corruption by legal 
enactments. 

The Expositor made its appearance on June Tth, and was 
filled with the foulest, abuse of Joseph and the Saints. It 
denounced Joseph for teaching the doctrine of plurality of 
wives, and also for the revelation which he had received on the 
subject of Celestial Marriage, and its writers were fully intent 
on raising persecution and mobs against him and the saints, 
a".d, il' pos.sible, to destroy him. Almost every line breathed 
a murderous spirit, and it was very clear that, if such a sheet 
were suffered to remain in existence, mobs would be raised, 
and the acts of violence and bloodshed which had been endured 
in Jlissouri would be repeated, and the Saints be driven from 




th. ir homes. Anything that disturbs the peace of a commu- 
nity, is proper'y called a nuisance. This sheet was, to all 
intents and purposes, a nui-ance. Its object was to destroy 
the peace and hapjiiness of the people, and to withdraw from 
the city all its chartered rights and privileges. 

On the 10th of June the City Council took this paper into 
consideration, and, after a lengthy investigation, the Council 
declared it a nuisance, and passed a resolution to that effect. 
By this re.-olutiou the Mayor was instructed to cause the print- 
ing establishment and papers to be removed without delay in 
such manner as he .slinuld direct. He accordingly issued his 
orders to the City Marshal, who proceeded to the Expositor 
Office and removed the pre^s, type, printing paper and fixtures 
into the street, and destroyed them. This proceeding on the 
liart of the City Counc 1 caused considerable excitement among 
the apostates. It fpoiled their game, and they were very 
angry and threatened vengeance. 



HI^-VE GOUI^.^GEl TO S^IT 



You're starting (o-day on life's journey, 

All) e on the highway of lile; 
You'll meet with a thousand temptations; 

Each city with evil is rife. 
This world is a stage of excitement, 

There's danger wherever you go; 
But if you are tempted in weakness, 

Have courage, my boy, to say No. 

The syren's sweet song may allure you; 

Beware of her cunning and art; 
Whenever you see her ajvproaeh, 

Be guarded and haste to depart. 
The billiard saloons are inviting, 

Decked out in their tinsel and show; 
You may be invited to enter, 

Have courage, my boy, to say No. 

The bright ruby wine may be offered — 

No matter how tempting it be. 
From poison that stings like an adder. 

My boy, have courage to tlee. 
The gambling halls are below you. 

Their lights how tiey dance to and fro'; 
If you should be tempted to enter, 

Think twice, even thrice, ere you go. 

In courage alone lies your safety. 

When you the longjourney begin; 
And trust in a Heavenly Father, 

Who will keep you unspotted from sin. 
Temptations will go on increasing. 

As streams from a rivulet flow, 
But if you urD tiue to your manhood. 

Have courage, m3- boy, to i-ay No. 



CTTJ^^IEinsriLEI TlSrSTK/TJCTOi?. 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 



ISingle Cojyy, per A iiniim •••- 
/Single Copy, for Six Months 



.$3 00 
. 150 



*»- Tt i9 expected where agentB forward names they will be responsible 
for the papers iluis ordered: iind when Cash payments are made, they will 
pleasei'orward tliem with the letter containing' the names of the subscribers. 

«B- G.-ain brought to t'is City for the Juvknii.e Instki'i-tor will be 
leceived at the olficc of our paper-DissEKET News B'jildlnos. 



