
VOL. 9. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 1874 



NO. 7. 



WHEELBARROW TBAYELIITG 1 3sT OHI2STA. 



THE Chinese usually travel by water, but when this is 
impossible, sedan-chairs and wheelbarrows are made use 
of. We give a picture of the kind of wheelbarrow used in the 
northern provinces. It is only occasionally, however, that a 
horse or mule, or a donkey, is in front, pulling; this work is 
generally done by a man. Dr. Williamson, in his book, 
"Journeys in North China," refers as follows to these strange 
traveling conveyances: 



manage them is very great; indeed we have never]_before 
witnessed human beings under such heavy labor. \ 

But Dr. Williamson being, with his books and other things, 
unable to get to his journey's end without making use of 
these wonderful sailing wheelbarrows, he hired three of them, 
and he savs: 

'We found them very tiresome; for though one man dragged 
in front and another pushed behind, we only went at the rate 





' 'We met many of their extraordinary whe< 
ing along on dry ground, with a sail set, each barrow having a 
great wheel in the centre finely balanced. Those'we saw were 
laden heavily, and had a large sheet of cloth set on a frame- 
work in front; many of these were so rigged as to he capable 
of being raised or reefed at pleasure, the ropes or braces being 

attached to a hook close to the driver. ,We hav rer seen 

these wheelbarrows without pity; the strain tojthe men who 



of one and a half miles an hour. As we got to the level 
country, we were fortunate enough to havea breeze righton 
our backs, which accelerated our pace to about two and a halt 
miles an hour." 

In the province in which Shanghai is situated, a smaller, 
and somewhat better kind of wheelbarrow is used; and an 
American lady Writing concerning the way in which the Chinese 
school girls take the air. states that they sometimes walk, WW 





74r 



JUTEITILE I1TSTBUCTOB. 




sometimes ride on the native wheelbarrows. She went to one 
of the out-stations on one of these funny Chinese conveyances. 
The young emperor of China has recently given his consent 
to the construction of a railroad; and the days of traveling by 
sedan-chairs and wheelbarrows will, no doubt, soon be num- 
ben d; for if our railways are introduced, so will be, also, our 
turnpikes, and our horseback, carriage and stage riding. 






M 



^ 



vom^t ground \\\t ^©orlil, 



BY 0. U. 0. 



PANAMA. 




XJSJE lay two days at anchor, when we again ran over to 
V* Tab.iga. Ber Majesty's steamship Driver ran in the same 
day: our captain sold the coal we had on board to this vessel, 
and we hauled alongside of her and discharged it. For the 
the captain was Daid forty dollars a ton. 
I remained on the Margaret one month after arriving at 
Panama. The vessel was so leaky and Deeded so much repair- 
ing, that our captain resolved to beach her. The men. not 
wishing t" remain on board to do this hard labor, at the wages 
we were th ind, the voyage for which we had shipped 

_. to the Chinca [slands— being abandoned, and the 

articles of agreement sequenth, broken, we asked for our 

discharge. After considerable wrangling with the captain, be 
paid us off. Hank and 1 found ourselves once more free. For 
some time before leaving the brig, we had been talking and 
planning an 1 thinking of returning to our homes. This looked 
very feasible; we could accomplish it by crossing the isthmus 
to Chagres, and shipping on some homeward-bound craft. We 
1 t.. carry out our design. A- none of us had bad the 
pleasure of seeing much of Panama, onlj from the vessel, all 
I ld Is dubbed together and hired a sail boat to take as over to 
the city in tl rening. We stowed our "dunnage" on board, 

and about ten o'clock at nighl got underway. We bad a fair 
wind and a bright moon t" guide US. The broad bay glittered 

with silvery brightness, and the old bulks and vessels looming 

Dp darkly and in against tie- -ileut -bore, looked like 

monsters basking in tie- moonlight. 
At thn 'clock wc landed al the market gate. The wall 

around tie- gateway was a mass of ruin: SO we bad no trouble 

Everything was dark and silent. We bad 
no pin knew of no place, [n front of us was a large 
building with a - thi t 1 the most inviting place, 

and we i., ok | ion, spread our blanket- and oiir-ohes 

nnder its i tn I - i fell asleep. I believe a 

sailor can Bleep anyhow and under any circumstances. About 
k wc awoke, and found some forty or fifty mules 
with their drivers in the street, making a perfect Babel with 
their braying and shouting Mi n were carrying out little b 
of silver to the mule drivers, who lashed them to the animal-' 
backs t ■ . 1 1 1 1 I out that we bad been 

sleeping on the steps of the custom house, The boys started 

out in different directions to find a lodging house, lea'. 

k after our e],,:' During their absence I amused 

tching the mule driver in I ndniirin; the picturesque 

■ 'I h and half Spanish in design, and 

rumbling into ruin. I tried t> picture the old Con 

i rching out through the narrow archway to conquer 

and to plunder the SOUthi n I their return laden with 



that plunder dripping with blood ! How the old Spanish dons 
once thronged through its portals, now almost deserted ! Who 
could estimate the wealth of gold and silver from Peru, and 
the value of the spices from the Phillipines that has passed 
under its arch long ago? The deep worn flag-stones resound no 
more to the tread of busy feet. The statueless niche has crum- 
bled out of shape, and rank grass and creeping vines sprout and 
dangle over the battered and neglected cornice. The gold fields 
are northward now, and the rich freight comes in and goes out 
at other gates. 

Hank and Old Bill returned in half an hour and reported a 
house or rather a room to be had not a quarter of a mile from 
the gate. We started for our hotel but it did not prove as com- 
modious as I expected. The house contained three rooms; 
one, a small one, up stairs, was at our disposal at the rate of 
ten cents each per night, w r e finding our own bedding of course, 
and paying in advance. The place was kept by an Irish family. 
They had bought through tickets to California in New York; 
but on arriving in Panama discovered that they had been 
swindled. Being without means they rented the house, the 
woman taking in washing for a living, and renting the upper 
room to lodgers, who found shelter if not comfort, and knew 
his property was safe during his absence in the daytime. 

After breakfast we started for a stroll, to see the picturesque 
ruins and "departed greatness" of this genuine old Spanish 
city of the past. Not a hundred yards from the wash woman's 
the first object of interest in the shape, or rather shapeless 
mass of ruin that attracted our attention was the old monastery 
of San Francisco, at one time the largest religions establish- 
ment in Panama. It was roofless, and tall palms grew in chan- 
cel and naive where once the devout monk chanted his mass , 
and counted his beads. The massive walls of dark brown stone 
were covered with lichens of varied tint, and vines and creepers 
hung and dangled like many colored festoons from windows 
and cornice. The southern wall faced to the sea, plainly indi- 
cating that its old inhabitants were alive to the comforts of tin; 
refreshing breeze from that quarter. I passed this ruin many 
times afterwards, day and night, and it always created a feeling 
of melancholy and loneliness when I gazed at its crumbling and 
forsaken walls. And yet I would not wish it otherwise; it 
impressed me more deeply and looked more beautiful in its 
decay to me than if it bad been teeming with life anil fresh 
from the builders' hands. 

Keeping to the right from the monastery, we entered the 
J'la-a, or square, on one side occupied by the cathedral, a large 
stone and stucco building, son nc hundred and fifty feet wide 

and two hundred feet long. It has a large decorated facade, 
with niches in which .-ire figures of Christ and the Apostles. 
These effigies, I believe, are bronze, but they were SO moss- 

covered and stained and battered and mutilated, that they pre- 
sented a verp sorry sight indeed. The building litis two ta'l 
Bquare towers, with spires incrusted with the shells of the pearl 
oyster, which causes them to glitter in the sunshine like bur- 
nished silver. The interior has four rows of columns of a 
composite order, reunited by arches overhead. The floor is 
paved with brick. A latticed enclosure o] mahogany forms 
the choir. There are several shrines ornamented with silver 

and artificial flower-. 1 altars at the end id' each aisle pro- 
fusely decorated with ,-ilver chandeliers, images of wax and 

other paraphernalia. A worn and defaced inscription over the 
en ince informs us that Doctor Francisco Xavier Y Imna 
fitoria, bishop of Panama, was the founder, about, the year 
1750. This worthy bishop, by the way, was a negro; and his- 
tory speaks of him as a "doer of much good." Outhesoutl 





J" TT "VEIN" I LIE IUSTBTJCTA'B 




side of the plaza stands the Cabildo, or government offices. 
They are plain two story buildings of stone, the lower story 
occupied principally as stores. Near the plaza is the Portiga 
de los Monjas (Gate of the Nuns). This gateway leads out to 
the sea and the long coral reef where I so nearly lost the boat. 
Near the gate to the left, is the convent of Los Condebinas, or 
Los Mongas — the nunnery; and church and convent of San 
Domingo, built in 1678, destroyed by fire in 1761. This build- 
ing is about fifty by one hundred feet, and the walls are four 
feet thick. It has some beautiful, high, arched windows, vine 
clad and moss covered, and fast crumbling away. This building 
was erected by contributions raised in Spain by Queen Isabella, 
I believe; and it is said that when casting the bells, rich and 
poor, noble and peasant, cast into the metal gold and silver 
coin and jewels of immense value. We saw these same bells, 
cracked and corroded, lying in the weeds and grass, among the 
ruins of a partially fallen tower. 

North east of the square stands the massive ruin of the 
Jesuits' college. This building was commenced in the year 
1738, and, I understand, was never finished. It was a ruin 
like the rest, festooned with tropical plants. Enough of it 
remains to strike the beholder with admiration at the excellent 
and elaborate workmanship and beauty of design; at the same 
time indicating the immense wealth at one time in the city cof- 
fers. The church of St. Felipe is interesting and beautiful, in 
spite of its ruined condition. In fact, all of the many ruined 
churches, convents and monasteries are interesting and have a 
history of their own. 

The streets are cobble paved, and are about twelve feet wide; 
the sidewalks are a little over two feet. The houses are mostly 
adobie and stone, stucco covered, into which is set rows of the 
pearl shell. The roofs are red tiles. The buildings all have a 
moresque look, and have a venerable and shattered appear- 
ance. The walls surrounding the city are from twenty to forty 
feet high. It is said the Spanish council, who audited the 
drafts of the old builders, alarmed at the cost, demanded to 
know "whether they were being built of silver or of gold." 
The cost of the walls and the deep moat separating the city 
from the main land was over six millions of dollars. The city 
is located on a rocky peninsula, running out from the foot of a 
volcanic mountain, called Ancon. 

My feelings and sensations, created when rambling ever this 
half-ruined city, musing over its departed greatness and wealth, 
enchanted with the picturesque buildings, crumbling to decay 
and ruin, under the heat of the sun and salt sea air, beautiful 
in their desolation, were peculiar. Oh, what tales they could 
tell had they tongues ! What a history written on those top- 
pling stones, broken archways, prostrate columns, shattered 
cornices, statueless niches, rotten altars, bat-haunted corridors 
and mouldy vaults — all repeating, over and over, Panama's 
history: Blood and gold I Blood and gold ! 

To UK CONTHTUED. 



-++• 



KEEPING IE 1 .A. ITU. 




Srit William X.umkh was one day taking a Ions country 
walk, when he met a little girl about five years old subbing 
over a broken bowl. She had dropped and broken it in bringing 
it bark from the field to which she had taken her father's din- 
ner, and said she would be beaten on her return home for 
having broken it. As she said this, a sudden gleam of hope 

seemed to cheer her. She innocently looked up into Sir Wil- 
nam's face and said: "Hut you can mend it, can't you?" Be 

explained that he could not mend the bowl, bill the trouble he 

Id overcome by the gifl of a sixpence to buy am ther. 



However, on opening his purse it was empty of silver, and 
he promised to meet his little friend on the same spot at the 
same hour next day, and to bring sixpence with him; bidding 
her meanwhile tell her mother she had seen a gentleman who 
would bring her the money for a bowl next day. The child, 
entirely trusting him, went on her way comforted. On his 
return home he found an invitation awaiting him to dine in 
Bath the following evening to meet some one he especially 
wished to see. He hesitated for some little time, trying to cal- 
culate the possibility of giving the meeting to his little friend 
of the broken bowl and still being in time for the dinner party 
in Bath, but finding this could not be, he wrote to decline 
accepting the invitation, on the plea of a "previous engage- 
ment," saying, "I can not disappoint her; she trusted me." 




A. O L IE ^T E ~EL DUCK 



A YOUNG lady was sitting in a room adjoining a poultry 
i\_ yard, where chickens, ducks, and geese were disporting 
themselves. A drake came in. approached the lady, seized 
the bottom of her dress with his beak, and pulled it vigorously. 
At first she took no notice. The bird still persisted. Some- 
what astonished, she got up; he waddled out quiokly before 

her. More and more surprised, she followed him, and he eon 
dueled her tO the side of 8 pond, when' >he pereeived a duek 

with its head caught in the opening of a sluice. She hastened 

lo release the poor creature, and restored il to the drake, that, 

by loud quackings ami repeated beating of his wings, testified 
his joy. 





76 



CT XT "^ IE HNT I L IE I IDT S T IR, TJ G T OB 





IT is said that ''Love laughs at locksmiths." So true genius 
laughs at impediments, and in proportion to the severity of 
its struggles, gathers strength for conquest. The life of Roger 
Sherman, at one time a humble shoemaker, illustrates this fact. 
He was born at Newton, Massachusetts, April 19th, 1721. Of 
his childhood and early education we know but little. He 
received no other education than the ordinary country schools 
in Massachusetts at that time afforded, which was meagre and 
poor enough, indeed. He was neither assisted by public 
education nor by private tuition. All that he acquired were 
the results of his own vigorous efforts; he was indebted alone 
to his ardent thirst for knowledge and his indefatigable indus- 
try, and by these he attained an acquaintance with general 
science, logic, geography, mathematics, history, philosophy, 
geology, and especially law and politics, 

lie was apprenticed at an early age to a shoemaker, and 
pursued that occupation until he was over twenty-two years of 
age, when in obedience to the necessities of his mother, he took 
charge of a small farm that her husband had left. While 
employed in his .-hoc-craft, not a moment's time was wasted; 
he was accustomed to sit at his work with a book before him, 
devoting to study even - moment that his eyes could be spared 
from the occupation in which he was engaged. He thus 
acquired his knowledge of mathematics, and before he was 
twenty-one he made astronomical calculations for an almanac 
published in New York. 

In 1744 the little farm was sold, and the family, consisting 
of his mother and numerous brothers and sisters, went to 
reside in New Milford, Connecticut, where Roger's eldest 
brother had moved and settled. The journey was performed 
by Roger on foot, and he carried his ''kit" of shoemaker's 
tools on his back. At this place he worked industriously at 
hi- trade, at the same time neglecting no opportunity to 
isi his store of knowledge. He learned rapidly, for his 
mind was quirk, comprehensive and logical. After a while he 
becami a partner in mercantile business, and applied himself 
in his leisure to the study of the law. He soon became pro- 
ficient, and was admitted to the bar in 1754. ITis talents soon 
attracted public atb Dtion, and we soon find him in the General 
Assembly of Connecticut. In the same year be was appointed 
Justice of the Peace, and after a practice of five years, was 
appointed Judge of the Court for Litchfield county. 

J J nt now the Revolution was drawing near, and Mr. 
Bherman became one of the leading patriots in the State of 
Connecticut He fearlessly took part with the people in their 
opposition to the Stamp Act, and, in 1774, was one of the 
delegates to tin- General Congress of the colonies. He was 
present at the opening of the fir>t Congress, In his new 
post of duty he acquired distinguished reputation, and was 

oi f the committee appointed to prepare that immortal 

instrument, the Declaration of Independence, And during 
the war he rendered important public services: John Adams 
say- of him. that he was "one of the Boundcst pillars of the 
Revolution." He represented Connecticut in the convention 
that framed the Constitution; \\:i- the Erst delegate from that 
in the federal Congress after the organization of our 
present government, and he held a -oat in the Senate of the 
United States at the time of his death, which occurred on the 
23rd of July. 17'.o. in the seventy-third year of his :il'o. 

The most important practical lesson which we derive from 
the life of Mr. Sherman is the value of habits of meditation. 
He was distinguished for unflinching integrity, for accurate 
nowledge; he was capable of deep and long investigation; and 



he added to all his other merits the pre-eminent one of being 
devoutly a religious man. The testimonials of his worth have 
been singularly marked and unanimous. Fisher Ames was 
accustomed to express his opinion by saying, that if he hap- 
pened to be out of his seat (in Congress) when a subject was 
discussed, and came in when the question was about to he 
taken, he always felt safe in voting as Mr. Sherman did, for 
he always voted right. Dr. Dwight, while instructing the 
senior class at Yale College, observed, that Mr. Sherman was 
remarkable for not speaking in debate without suggesting some- 
thing new and important, Washington uniformly treated Mr. 
Sherman with great respect and attention. Mr. Macon, a distin- 
guished senator of the United States, once remarked to the 
Hon. William Reed, of Marblehead, that "Roger Sherman 
had more common sense than any man he ever knew. ' ' The 
late Rev. Dr. Spring, of Newburyport, was returning from 
the South, while Congress was in session at Philadelphia. Mr. 
Jefferson accompanied him to the hall, and designated several 
distinguished members of that body. In the course of this 
polite attention, he pointed in a certain direction, and exclaimed, 
' 'That is Mr. Sherman, of Connecticut, a man who never said 
a foolish thing in his life. ' ' 

Mr. Sherman was sometimes accused, but without justice, of 
being vain of the obscurity of his origin. From the distin- 
guished eminence which he reached, he probably contemplated 
with satisfaction, that force of mind and that industry which 
enabled him to overcome all the obstacles that beset his path. 
For the gratification arising from such a contemplation, no one 
will be disposed to censure him. — Famous Boys. 



STOIR,3r OIF ^ SEEJJ, 



Once upon a time, away down in Georgia, a man planted a 
little seed. 

The sun shone warm on it, and the rain came and softened 
it, and it soon began to sprout. Pay and night it grew, till it 
was as high as a man's head. Buds formed all over it, and 
one night they burst into full bloom. Beautiful cream-colored 
flowers they were, something like a morning-glory. 

By noon the sun was too warm. The beautiful blossoms 
shut their leaves and hung their heads, and before night each 
cream-colored flower dropped off. Where each one had been 
there was now a little gem. 

This little gem grew and grew, until it was as big as an egg, 
when it burst open and threw out a long, beautiful fluff of 
cotton seven inches long. 

It was a cotton seed, of course. 

Then a man— a negro — came and tore the cotton from its 
ball, put it into a basket with a lot more, and carried it to a 
room where there were hundreds of pounds of cotton. In the 
room was a busy machine, and in the machine the cotton was 
thrown. 

This cotton, you must know, is full of seeds. Very trouble- 
some litte fellows they are too, for they have no idea of leaving 
their comfortable home, and it's very hard to get them out. 

I'll tell you how the machine does it. As the cotton goes in 
it comes to a roller covered with wire teeth. These teeth seize 
tin' cotton and draw it through a kind of grating, so fine that 
the seeds can't get through, and they just stay on the outside. 

As the roller goes around it comes to a brush roller, which 
brushes off the cotton as nicely as any brush can doit. Then 
the cotton is jiacked in a bale, and sent to the cotton mills. 

Now the cotton that comes from the little seed away off 





J" TJ "V" IE IT I I_i IE IE"STBUCTOB 





Georgia is by this time very dirty, and what do you suppose 
comes next? A bath? No; what's good for boys isn't good 
for cotton. It gets— a beating. It is laid on a sort of net- 
work, and beaten with a bundle of twigs. The dirt falls 
through the network, and then the cotton is called "batting." 
But the cotton from the seed I'm telling about don't remain 
batting. It is very fine and nice, and it goes into the carding- 
machine. This lays all the threads one way, by drawing it 
through sets of wire teeth. 

It comes out on a roller, and is taken off by still another roller, 
on which it looks like a white fleecy ribbon. But it dont keep 
that pretty look very long. It is drawn through a tunnel, 
which makes it small and much firmer. It isn't fine enough 
yet, however, and it goes between another set of rollers. I 
wonder if there's anything that can't be done with rollers. 

When it comes out pressed quite firm it is called roving, and 
is ready to be spun. 
You'll hardly believe me, but the spinning is done on a mule! 
It is a very peculiar mule, I must admit, made of wood and 
iron, and carrying twenty-two hundred spindles. So it spins 
twenty-two hundred threads at once, and is a wonderful 
machine, if it has a funny name. 

It spins the loose roving into a much finer thread, slightly 
twisted. This thread next turns through a gas flame to burn 
off the fuzz, then over a brush to take off the ashes, and then 
through a hole in the brass plate just the size of the thread. 

Then it is wound in skeins and put up in five or ten pound 
bundle 5 . 

After all these travels the thread has a little rest before it 

starts through the last machine — the one that makes the soft 

cotton into the solid, strong thread we buy on spools to sew with. 

The skeins are wound on bobbins and put on the machine. 

Six of the fine threads start together. 

Look on a spool and you'll read: "Best six cord cotton."' 
That means, as I said, that six of these threads are united to 
make one sewing thread. 

But I must tell you how they go. First over a glass rod, 
and through a little trough of water; and then between rollers 
to press them tightly together. Leaving the rollers, they go 
down, twisting as they go, to where a spool is fastened. There 
it is regularly wound on, a firm, smooth thread, while the spool 
moves slowly up and down as it winds, so as to make regular 
layers of it. 

Now the fruit of the little cotton seed has become a beautiful 
spool of thread, ready for a useful life. Before it goes out 
into the world it is ornamented at each end with a round paper 
gummed and stuck on by some child. The last paper is put 
over the end of the thread to keep it from getting loose, and 
then it is put into packages of a dozen spools. 

You've seen fine thread, perhaps as fine as No. 200, which 
we use on sewing-machines, but what would you say to thread 
No. COO, only one-third the size of that? And how would you 
like to see the cobweb thread that is actually woven into lace? 
At the great exhibition in London such fine lace was shown. 
And, almost as wonderful, a piece of muslin woven of thread 
No. 400. It was so delicate that when laid on the grass and 
wet it could not be seen. 

You know how large a spool of batting is. Well, it can be 
stretched out so as to be more than a thousand miles long. 
This is thread No. 2,100. 

It seems too wonderful to be true, but many fictions invented 
by poets and story writers are not half so wonderful as many 
common things that every day pass under our observation. — 

[Selected. 



$j#xtt%# tm&tntt. 



Salt Lake City, 

March 26, 1874. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor. 

Dear Brother: — "We take twenty copies of the 
Juvenile Instructor in our school, subscribed for out of the 
Sunday School fund, and And them very beneficial. In the 
smaller classes we dispense with alphabet cards, and first and 
second readers altogether, placing a copy of the Instructor in 
the hands of each Teacher. They teach the juveniles the short 
catechism for "little learners," and talk to them on the subject 
matter that each question suggests. We also find the other cate- 
chisms on the Bible and Book of Mormon very useful, which 
the higher classes learn very readily. 

At the end of the year we purpose giving most of the copies of 
the Instructor subscribed for by the school, to the children in 
hound volumes as rewards for those who excel. 

Apart rom all the other valuable reading matter contained in 
your paper, it deserves a prominence in every Sunday School 
throughout the Territory, as a means of imparting instruction 
through the Questions and Answers alone. 

In addition to the above consideration, I deem it a duty I owe 
to the enterprise of catering for the interest and benefit of our ris- 
ing generation to sustain the Instructor, and take much pleasure 
in earnestly recommending a more general introduction of it in 
all our Sunday Schools and in every family. Hoping its increased 
circulation may meet your most sanguine expectations, 
I remain your well-wisher, 

Geo. Goddard. 

Supt. 13th Ward Sunday School. 



PRESERVATION. 



BY E. HANHAM. 



O God ! in peril's trying hour, 
Beveal thine arm in mighty pow'r, 

And bid the foe "be still." 
Protect us in our rights, O Lord I 
This boon we ask with one accord, 

On Zion'sholy hill. 

Behold the wicked. Hear their boast 
To organize a subtle host, 

To lay thy children low. 
From thy high dwelling place look down; 
Scatter their forces by thy frown; 

Their Babel-w'ork o'erthrow. 

Let not the ■file thy courts defile; 
Nor let the proud thy Saints beguile. 

Thine eye is over all. 
Infidels taking glory in 
Their efforts to make Zion sin — 

Lord, doom them all to fall. 

In mercy look upon thine own, 

Thy great behests to them make known; 

Shield from all harm the just. 
For this we hope, and watch, and pray; 
In faith we seek Theedav by day. 

Save us 1 in Thee wo trust I 

Gathered to Israel's stronghold, 
Preserve us in thy mantle's fold; 

Our fortitude increase. 
Help us thy kingdom to maintain, 

That Christ may eonio on earth to reign 
In righteousness and peace. 





J"TJYEl<riLB IITSTBUCTOB 




^Itq ||ttucnil^ |(ttstmcl0if» 



GEORGE Q. CANNON, ■ 


■ EDITOR. 


SATURDAY, MARCH 28, 


1874. 



lErJITOIR,!^!., THOUGHTS. 





'ROM the way in which some folks talk 
about wisdom and knowledge, a person 
might suppose that these words both ex- 
pressed the same idea, but a little reflec- 
tion will convince us that this is not the 
case: and our experience in the world will 
prove to us that a wise man is not always a 
a learned man, nor a learned man wise, any 
more than an honest man is always generous 
or a brave man polite. 

Who then are the truely wise? The psalmist 

David declares with great truth and beauty "The 

fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom: 

good understanding have they who do His com- 

mandments; His praise endureth forever." 

'flu' poor, untutored fishermen of Galilee, little as 
they knew "I' the learnings of the scribes and Phar- 
isees, were tin- wisest in the generation who lived 
upon the earth when Jesus dwelt among men. and were 
considered by Him the most worthy of all men to lie called to 
1m- Hi- apostles, to preach the gospel to the human family; 
while the scribes and Pharisees, though so learned in the 
knowledge of the law and the prophets, were nut wise enough 
t>. behold tie- signs of the time-, and actually fought against 

lie- very principles that would have been their greatest a I. 

and rejected that Holy Being u] whom ail their teach- 

l ngs were supposed t" centre, and who was the fulfillment of 
all their typical rites and ceremonies. It has been mi in this 
day; the most learned of mankind have net been the readiest 
i ivc the gospel. As in the days of Jesus, the peer have 
had tie- gospel preached to them, and the poor and the unedu- 
be n those who have most readily received its glad 
tidings of salvation. Knowledge, without the Spirit of God, 
ha- in all ages puffed up the -en- of men; it has been a barrier 
in the waj of their reception of the truths of heaven. But 
they who receive tie- gospel should not be satisfied to remain 

in ignorai but add to the wisdom th" Holy Spirit give-, 

knowledge of all things worthy of the attention of Saints, and 

by reading g 1 books, by observation and experience, add to 

their treasures of wisdom and knowledge, so that they may be 
profitable ■ theii Master's use. 

\\ iadom ha- been d.-ti 1 a- using tie- best possible mean- l.i 

obtain the best possible end. What i- the best i ible end? 

and what are tie- be-: | ible mean- to obtain it. are the ques- 
tions that now present themselves before us. With all who 

believe that we an' eternal beings win, ,-vi-t in happine-.- or 

mi.-ery in tin- great hereafter, the question is not difficult to 
answer. They will unitedly assent to the statement that it is 
happine- en thi- earth ami eternal salvation in the world to 
come. Th.- psalmist declare- that "the feaT of the Lord i- the 
beginning of wisdom;" ami the Latter-day Saints will add 
thereto that he i- the wisest man. whether rich or poor, learned 
or uneducated, high or low. who loves the Lord with all his 
heart, ami his neighbor a- himself. Who. in other words. 



strives to keep God's holy laws, who gauges the measure of 
his conduct by the will of his God, who accepts obedience to 
His revelations as the surest, straightest pathway to the celes- 
tial gate, whose philosophy teaches him to do good to all men, 
to receive the dispensations of Providence as the kindnesses of 
a loving, all-wise parent; and who makes the object of his life 
here to do the will of God on earth as it is done in heaven. 
Such a one may be numbered among the truly wise. 



SUGAR IM: .A. lEC I Its!" G- . 



A writer in the Baltimore American, in an article upon the 
sugar refineries of that city, says: The work at the refiner- 
ies never ceases, night or day, except upou Sundays. The raw 
sugar, in various grades, from nearly black to a light brown, 
as it arrives at this port, is either landed directly at the refiner- 
ies, or is sold by the importers through the merchandise 
brokers. The refiner's business is to make from the lots he 
receives a pure article of white or brown sugar, of a quality 
suitable for consumption. First, the black looking raw sugar 
is mixed with hot water unil it becomes the thickness of S3'rup. 
It is then forced through steam pumps to the top of the build- 
ing, where it is poured into huge filters. The bottoms of these 
are perforated, the holes covered with coarse cloth, and then 
the space is filled with charcoal made of the burnt bones of 
animals. This cleanses, bleaches and purifies the liquid thor- 
oughly. After being passed through a number of these filters, 
the syrup drips out beautifully pellucid and almost colorless. 
This is next placed in a "vacuum pan," subjected to great 
heat, ami powerful condensers, until crystals begin to form, 
when it is drawn off into molds. Through the molds water is 
passed, which cleanses what discoloration may remain. The 
molds are dried to a certain degree for "coffee sugars," but to 
complete dryness and solidity for "loaf" sugar. A machine 
with ponderous jaws crushes the cones to the size of "crushed" 
sugar. The loaf is cut into square pieces, and the fragments 
are converted by grinding into "granulated" sugar. All 
refined sugars are thoroughly cleansed. The various grades 
and hues of "soft" sugars tire produced by bleaching and 
boiling to the required point. The pans, pipes and vats used 
are very cosily, but can be operated a long time. Sugar is 
refined by two processes, the latter of which is coming much 
into favor. By this process the crystalline is separated 
lioin the fluid parts of the sugar. The crystallization begins 
with the boiling heat at 130 degrees. It would require much 
space to describe tin- immense interiors of the refineries (some 
of them eight or nine stories high), the innumerable rooms, 
caldrons, vats, pans, filters, pipes, pumps, molds, mills, pulver- 
izers, packers, etc., the busy sounds and sights throughout 
tin' day and night; the throngs of toiling workmen, the hum 
of ponderous machinery, the seething caldron, the pattering of 
the "drips," tin- thousands of barrels being packed and rolled 
away, the rattle of wheels and the tramp of hoofs, and the 
many other things occurring indoor ami outside, connected with 
the vast refining business at Baltimore. 



Howard, the great philanthropist, on one occasion, when 
Standing in the door of a printing-office, heard some dreadful 
volleys of oaths and curses proceeding from a public house 
opposite. Buttoning up his pocket before he went into the 
street, he said to some workmen near him, "I always do this 
when I hear men swear, as I think that one who can take God's 
name in vain, can also steal or do anything else that is bad 





J~ TT ^T IE IN" 1 1., IE IITSTBTJCTOR 




T^XjK: ABOUT JLHTXls/LJLlLiS. 
BLUFF. 



A WISE and wonderful eat is she, black as the raven's wing, 
with boots as soft and fair as tufts of thistle-down, and a 
"necktie"," whiter than bleaching could ever make it. Inform 
and proportions Bluff owns no superior; and in intelligence 
ranks far above the crowd of gossiping felines that creep from 
doorTto"door, in the dim twilight hours. If it ever comes 
about that to 
cats are award- 
ed "medals for 
intelligence," 
then Bluff will 
ride into favor 
upon the top- 
most wave of 
public opinion. 

She was, how- 
ever, in the be- 
ginning, a waif, 
but fouud and 
cultured into 
gentleness and 
strength, by one 
whose soul be- 
lieved in such 
progres sive 
treatment. On 
the very top- 
most point of a 
rough rock — a 
place where no 
human steps 
could reach it, 
this creature, 
when a mere 
speck of a kit- 
ten, took ref- 
uge, and there, 
in her hunger 
and fear and 
great extremi- 
ty, wailed out 
in piteous mews 
her overpower- 
ing solitariness. 

A party of 
merry nutters, 
weary with 
their autumn 
labors, and rest- 
ing on the edge 
of the wood- 
land, heard the 





faint sounds and quickly sought to rescue the lonely thing. It 
was useless to attempt to reach her; no one, within the memory 
of the oldest inhabitant inGHntdale, had ever ventured beyond 
the clump of dwarf pines; but Hannah Makepeace, under- 
standing cat-nature, even in its infancy, by coaxing tones, and 
a pretence of playing with a string, drew, first the little stran- 
ger's attention, then, magnetically, itself, toward a corner of 
safety where in friendly ambush was placed a saucer of milk 
and dainty bits left over from their amply-supplied luncrf|_|£ 4i'ff)R'>^r?y ll 'r l J^ vll f'ii'iC t ' 1 ''' s ' 

DESttET SUNDAY SCHOOL UN™ 
SO NORTH Maim man- 



basket. Once refreshed, the ebony beauty stretched herself for 
slumber, and completely exhausted, did not know when Ben 
Matlyn, reaching out his plump brown hand, secured the 
dreamer and laid her triumphantly in Hannah's lap, a much 
safer home than "Pine-tree Bluff." 

That was the crowning feature of the day's pleasure, and 
upon the spot the little maiden at onee named her in remem- 
brance of the place and the great danger. At home there was 
a family of pets, originally orphans and portionless, but once 

adopted by 
Hannah's faith- 
ful heart, sure 
of pitying ten- 
derness and all 
the culture of 
which their na- 
tures were sus- 
ceptible. Into 
the society of 
these, many of 
them once 
"lame, halt, or 
blind," Bluff 
was that very 
evening intro- 
duced, and de- 
posited in her 
own special box 
to rest and sleep 
and frisk into 
life under the 
influence of 
friendly eyes 
and the touch 
of a friendly 
hand. 

Two y e a r s 
passed a w a y, 
and Bluff had 
developed into 
a creature of 
mammoth pro- 
portions. Her 
most distin- 
guished traits 
were strength 
and gentleness, 
and in many re- 
spects she ap- 
peared m r e 
ike a dog. in- 
ductively she 
lad se ve I'll 1 
times rescued 

from suffering 

others of her tribe, wailing, half-starved kittens, bringing 
them with her mouth to Hannah's feet, and, as clearly as mews 

could speak, imploring such aid and attention as she herself 
had received. But the must marked occasion of this kind was 
when she lay surrounded by her second family of kits, as soft 
ami sleek and dark-skinned as the proud mother. Hannah, 
having discovered a pair of motherless chickens, shivering, 

tender bits of things, brought them to the warmth of the 

Bluff in the lull enjoyment oi 



BOARD 



SALT LAKE CITY I, UTAH 





80 



J" TJ "V E3 IN" I L E I1TSTBUCTOR 




her frisky little family. She eyed the proceeding with exceed- 
ing gravity; watched every movement made in behalf of the 
new guests, and taking into account her own capabilities of 
warmth and nourishment, suddenly decided, while Hannah was 
absent a few moments, that she could, with greater dispatch, 
accomplish as much as folks. Imagine the dismay of Hannah 
to find her chicks gone! — and too, if you can. her amusement, 
when a low purr-purr announced the intentions of the wise fos- 
ter-mother. It was funny enough to watch her maternal anxi- 
eties, and the exceeding wonderment of those great searching 
eyes, when it appeared that another bill of fare was essential 
for her foster-children. But she never rebelled or took it in 
high dudgeon, but after the mistress had ministered to their 
appetites, received them with welcome purrs, stretching herself 
to make them feel under her sheltering care, quite at home. 

Prom this acquaintance with baby-chicken life grew a ludi- 
crously solemn oversight of all others of their kin, and in the 
yard, she came to be called "The Steward." so watchful was 
she of all the rights and interests of Hannah's growing family. 
She learned to understand the jubilant notes of Biddy when 
eggs w,re laid, and associated with the fact a duty to mew out 
tie- grateful intelligence to her mistress. 

Upon one of her friendly raids, she stumbled upon the nest 
of a meadow-lark, who, being ;l stranger and unaccustomed to 
such greetings, at once flew into a rage in defence of her small 
household, which for the time greatly disconcerted poor puss, 
conscious of a record of unswerving integrity. Probably the 
mitt"' was never righted; birds have their thoughts as well, and 
seldom, we believe, have faith in cats. 

Five year- of happy life passed by, and then there came to 
Bluff a great affliction! One eye in some way became poisoned, 
no nursing could restore it. and for days she lay quitestill, ban- 
I ind tended like human folk. A little kit, the last of a 
big family, finally aroused to old-time activity the half-crushed 
energies of poor puss. In the gray light of a June morning, 
when forest choristers were tuning-up for a grand rehearsal, 
mother I5luff"s youngest, exercising herself upon the edge of a 

huge water-tank, suddenly fill in; one piteous mew, and all 

the mother instinct in the sedate old watcher was aroused. 

She sprang to her mistress 1 window, and by urgent cries 

•ht her help. When the door was opened. Bluff sprang 

towards tl pen tank, savin- a- plainly as mews Could say, 

"Look— look, don't you see?" Bappily tin' tragedy was 
averted, and puss with motherly embrace, assured herself of 
ler darling's safety. 

Bl iff i- n.u- :,,, elderly cat; -be walks leisurely, she assures 
herself of the prerogatives and privileges of ace. sitting if 

-'"' cn -• »' the best chair, and calling for milk or extra 

lun.die-. at uncxi ted sea -. She nestles insinuatingly into 

your lap. and coaxingly purr- her growing fellowship with 

human friends. She is never long away fr the mistress, 

and occasionally, in remembrance of former feats of strength, 
brings to Hannah's feet a ■> irdy rat, slain when the lit i- upon 

''••' !""•" love of p.wer. After she has been thanked 

and petted, she cares no more for it. and subsides into quietude, 
dreaming, doubtlesti, of those large activities characterizing 

Selected, 



her days of youth. 




Tmk first consideration of an avaricious knave is, how to 
help himself and the second, how to do it with an appearance 
of helping others. Dionysius, the tyrant, stripped the >tatue 
of Jupiter Olympus of a robe of massy gold; and substituted 
a cloak of wool, saying: Hold i- too cold in winter, and too 
eavy in the summer; it bel vea us to take care of Jupiter. 



• IT 



■Jitseitti^ 



TIKIE TWELTE CJES^ELS. 



BY BETH. 



THERE were many offices held by the Roman emperors, as 
history informs us, of which only the initials or abbreviated 
expressions occur on coins. In giving a description of the first 
twelve emperors care will be taken to give examples of such 
abbreviations as are met with frequently. 

We will first consider a coin of the second Csesar, bearing 
the legend: Drws Caesar Aygvstvs P. P. By Divus is 
meant divine (V was used in those days as we now use U). 
P. P. means "Pater Patrife," or father of his country. Coins 
of Augustus have Tr. Pot. VII., meaning in the seventh year 
of holding the office of tribunieia potentate — the tribuneship. 
Besides this office, the emperors sometimes held the consul- 
ship, signified on the coin by Cox. 

Here is a coin of some interest, of the time of the third 
'emperor, on which we find, Tr. Caesar Avg. F. Aygvstvs. 
Imp. VIII, meaning Tiberius Caesar Augustus Filius Augustus 
Imperator. Tiberius, as we may read, was adopted by Augus- 
tus, hence he styles himself "Filius," a son of that emperor. 
In after times the heir apparent to the empire was entitled to 
the appellation of "Cfesar." Imp. signifies Imperator, or 
commander-in-chief, as well as emperor. 

Caligula, the fourth Caesar, was the son of Germanicus, and 
grandson of Tiberius, hence the abbreviation of Ger. on 
some of his coins, which read: C. Caesar Ger. Pon. M. Tr. 
Pot. Pontifex Maximus, was the office of chief pontiff among 
the Romans. The emperor Augustus was made Pontifex 
Maximus, and many of the emperors held that office during 
the first three centuries of the Christian era. Many more 
modern emperors have assumed the title. It is a title borne 
by the popes in our da v. 

The next emperor, the fifth, had his coins marked: Tr. 
Clavdpvs Caesar Avg. P. M. Tr. P. P. P. The little 
readers can decipher this, if it is remembered that Avg. means 
Augustus, as a title only, the Roman emperors having used it 
on account of the honor associated with the name in connection 
with the first emperor, who had that name decreed to him by 
the senate. The emperor Claudius was named Tiberius Drusus 
Nero, hence the Tf. before Claudius. The names in full are 
Tiberius Claudius Caesar, the August Pontifex Maximus Tri- 
bunieia Potestate Pater Patriae. This emperor was poisoned 
by the empress Agrippina, who wished to raise her son (an 
adopted son of Claudius, the monster Nero) to the throne. 

Hen 1 is a coin of the sixth emperor, which reads: Nero Cl. 
Caes. Avg. Ger. I'. M. Tit. P. NT. P. P. Agrippina was 
the daughter of Germanicus, hence the Ger. Cl. is an 
aUn-e\ iation lor ( llaudius. NI means the eleventh year of the 
tribuneship. It may be said that tin' wicked act of Agrippina 
met with severe punishment, for Nero caused his mother to be 
assassinated, among bis other enormous cruelties. 

Calba conspired against the tyrant and became the seventh 
emperor. His coins were marked: [MP. SER. GaLBA Caes. 
Avo. Tr.— The emperor Servius Galba, etc. The coins of the 
eiirhth emperor were stamped: Imp. Otiio Caes Avg. TrL 
Put. The emperor I lib... etc. Those of the ninth emperor: 
Imp. Viti i.i. ns Ave P. M. P. P. — The emperor Vitellius, 
etc. Those of the tenth emperor: Imp. Caes. Vespaslanvs 
Avo. P. M. T. R. Cos. — the emperor Csesar Vespasian, 





J" TT^T IE 1ST I LIE IE-STRUCTOB 



81 




etc. His names were Vespasianus Titus Plavius. The next 
emperor, the eleventh, was named Titus Vespasianus. Some of 
his coins are remarkable as recording the events connected with 
the Jewish war. On one of his coins he is represented with an 
iron crown, with the legend, Imp. Ti. Caes Vespas. Avg. P. 
M. Tr. Cos. III. The twelfth emperor was named Titus 
Plavius Doniitianus. One of his coins reads Imp. Caes. Domit. 
Avg. Ger. P. M. Tr. P. With this emperor ends the 
the epoch of the "Twelve Ctesars. " 

The young reader will be able to understand the obverse of 
coins of the reigns noticed; some others will be described, also 
some of the reverses of coins that are interesting. 

One very fine brass coin of Claudius has on the reverse a 
figure of a woman standing on an island, with a boat by her 
side. She is holding a vase with extended hand, as if offering 
a libation. In the exergue is Britannia. Another coin has 
on the obverse a head ot Janus; and on the reverse a horse. 
This is a coin that was used in Britain in the time of the 
Cassars. There are many rare and curious coins extant that 
are particularly interesting to some of us, as elucidating the 
history of the early Britons. 



-«^~o-. .<o- . -«^>> 



IISTIDUSTRIAL -A_IR,T. 




WHAT has industry done for mankind? The question might 
almost be, what has it not done? It enabled the savages 
to make the flint knives the stone axes and mortars, the bows, 
arrows, spears, slings, harpoons, nets, boats, fire-sticks and 
digging-sticks (the earliest implements of tillage), without 
which they could not have raised themselves above the level of 
the brute. It enabled the stone-age savages to melt copper 
and tin and unite them in a hard elastic alloy fit for swords, 
spear-heads, arrow-heads, helmets, breast-plates, shields, chis- 
els, hoes, plow-points, hammers, axes and knives. Then, and 
not until then did man have durable dwellings, of cut stone, 
productive tillage with the capacity to maintain many people 
in a small area, cities, national laws, well-disciplined armies, 
systematic civil policy, religion and ornamental art. Several 
thousand years elapsed before this beneficent industrial spirit, 
which had first taught the savage to fashion tools of stone and 
then elevated him to the bronze age, raised him to the age of 
iron by teaching him to smelt, forge, temper and yield the 
most useful of all the metals. If the useful arts had done 
nothing for man but to teach him how to work stone, bronze 
and iron, they would deserve the credit of laying the indispen- 
sable loundation of all our culture, and thus doing more for us 
than any other branch of human employment has done. But 
their service did not cease there. It has continued and still 
continues with increasing beneficence. If we should divide 
culture into a dozen eras instead of only into the stone, bronze 
and iron ages, we should have to designate nearly all of them 
from industrial events. The sailing-vessel, the mold-board 
which turns over the furrow of the plow, the water-wheel, the 
magnetic needle, gunpowder, the paper mill, movable type, 
the spinning-wheel, the telescope, the microscope, the quadrant, 
the chronometer, the steam engine, the steamboat, the steam- 
railroad, the steam-blast in smelting-furnaces, the puddling 
furnace, the rolling-mill and labor-saving machinery of a thou- 
sand kinds — these are triumphs of industry, and the main 
causes of the superiority of modern over ancient civilization. 
It is the workingman who has given us not only the founda- 
tion, but also most of the superstructure of our culture. — 

Selected, 



■WIHSTTIEIR, COSTUME. 



The dress of the Japanese is a succession of loose wrappers, 
open at the chest; the outside robe, called a "kirimon," 
is the same for men as for women, only made longer, larger, 
and more showy for the latter than for the former. It is 
fastened around the waist by men with a silk or cotton scarf; 
by women with a broad band of silk, crape, or embroidery, 
a?cording to the rank of the wearer. This band or sash is 
called "obe," and it sometimes costs more than all the other 
garments together. By girls and married ladies it is tied in a 
large bow behind, but a widow wears the obe tied in fro it. 




la winter, the men who can afford it wear tight trowsers and 
jackets in addition to the "kirinion;" those who cannot, arc 
content with a suit of water-proof paper, or like the peasant 
in the picture, with a pair of tight cotton drawers and a coat 
of straw, with a hat made of bamboo for an umbrella. 

In summer, the Japanese have been accustomed to wear 

very few garments, a great part of them, indeed, going about 

in almost a state of nature. This has now been forbidden by 
the Government, ami both men and women, especially at 
Yeddo, the capital, are adopting our style of dre-s, they being 
encouraged to do so by the example of the Government officers 
and other influential persons, 





82 



GT TJ "V B 1ST I L E IUSTBTJCTOR 




^ncfilotes of Hafntcrs* 

BAPFAELLE D'TTIELIBinsrO- 
(CoHc/MtZecZ.) 



From Chambers' Mlscellayiy. 




HIS delight in these pictures which Florence contained, and 
his liking for the heautiful city itself, determined Raffaelle 
to remain there for some time. He formed many friendships 
with the young artists there, by whom his rising genius was 
much honored. His greatest friend was Lorenzo Nati, for whom 
he painted a beautiful picture of the "holy family." The 
Virgin-mother holds in her lap her divine Son, to whom the 
infant St. John is presenting a bird, in childish delight. This 
painting was preserved by Lorenzo during his lifetime with 
affectionate veneration and care. After his death it was kept 
by his heirs. But a disaster took place: a falling of earth 
from the neighboring mount, San Georgio, laid the house 
in ruins, and Raffaelle's pictures were buried under the rubbish. 
However, Bat tista, a son of Lorenzo, succeeded in saving the 
fragments, and carefully restored them. The picture still 
exists. 

Raffaelle's stay at Florence was sorrowfully terminated. He 
had news of the illness of his aged parents; he went to Urbino, 
but both were no more. They had seen only the dawnings i if their 
son's glory; but doubtless that was reward sufficient for their 
unselfish and devoted affection. Raffaelle gathered together 
all the worldly goods which they had left him. and quitted his 
Dative place forever. He stayed some time in Perugia, where 
he painted a picture of the chapel, and another for the Camal- 
dolian monastery. One of these he left to be completed by 
hi- ancient master, Perugino, and returned to Florence in 1505. 
There he Studied bis beloved art with patience and enthusiasm 
combined, by means of which his reputation increased yearly. 
At this time. Bramante d'Urbino, a fellow-citizen and 
distant relative of Raffaelle's, was in hii_ r h favor with Pope 
Julius II., and architect of St Peter's, lie invited his young 

kinsman to Home, where Julius r ived him with great kind- 

ness, and a]. pointed liim one of the artists who were employed 

in painting the Vatican. Raffaelle surpassed his competitors 
so much, that tie' pope immediatly ordered all the other 

pictures to 1 (Faced, and the work to lie intrusted to Raffaelle 

alone; and here the generous and grateful Bpirit of the young 

arti-t had an opportunity of Bhining forth. Among the 

dooi I pictures was one !,-, Pietro Perugino; hut Raffaelle 

could not bear that such an insult Bhould be offered to his kind 

old master; he entreated earnestly that it might be spared. 
The pope, touched by this unselfish request, granted it. anil the 
picture -till remain- untouched except by the hand- of time. 
The death of Julius 1 1 happened while Raffaelle was engaged 
in this great work; but hi- successor, Leo X.. by equal encour- 
agement, enabled the artist to continue with a brave heart, 
and tie- paintings were finished at the end of nine years, They 

consist chiefly of Scripture subjects, and almost rival the 

works of Michael Angeloin the Si-tin. ■ Chapel. During these 

nine years, Raffaelle found time to paint other pictures, and 

to stud] architecture under Bramante; so that, on the death 

.■(' this relative, be was appointed architect of St. Peter's 

in hi- stead. 

For Leo X.. Raffaelle also executed a set of twelve cartoon, 

species of painting on large -beet- of stiffened paper — repre- 



senting passages in the New Testament. These cartoons were 
designed to be copied in tapestry in the Netherlands. Some 
of them are still preserved at Hampton Court, near London. 

Raffaelle's fame was now at its height, and reached the ears 
of Albert Purer, the great German painter and engraver on 
copper. Albert sent his own portrait and some of his engrav- 
ings to Raffaelle, who was so delighted with them, that he 
studied the art himself, and caused to be engraved several of 
his own pictures. He also, in return, sent to Albert Durer 
some beautiful designs of his own, which were held most 
precious by the German artist. 

Raffaelle's greatest work, and alas! his last, was the "Trans- 
figuration of Christ, ' ' which he painted for Cardinal dei Med- 
ici. In this he put forth all his powers, and it remains a last- 
ing memorial of his genius. While engaged upon it, a sudden 
fever seized him, which, for want of proper treatment, proved 
fatal, and terminated his life in the prime of youth and talent. 
Raffaelle died on the day of his birth, Good-Friday, in 1520, 
aged only thirty-seven. His body was laid in state in his own 
studio, his scarcely finished picture of the Transfiguration being 
placed above it, that his sorrowful friends might look from the 
lifeless form of the painter to his immortal work. 



.^UST inSTTEXjXjTO-EIsrT HORSE. 



Not long since, I visited a friend, who lives on a fine farm, 
in a pleasant town in Southern New Hampshire. While 
there, one evening, we rode to the village to attend a meeting, 
and on our way back my friend told me the following anecdote 
about the noble horse he was driving; and I thought it worth 
repeating: A few years ago this horse was kept, dining autumn, 
in a field close bj* the farm-house, and in an adjoining pasture 
a flock of sheep was also kept. 

One day while my friend was talking with a gentleman by 
the roadside, the horse came running toward him from the 
lower part of the field, next to the sheep pasture, and, putting 
his head over the wall near him, he whinnied, as if to attract 
attention. 

He took, however, no special notice of this; and presently 
the horse turned and ran back to the lower side of the field. 

But very soon he was again seen rapidly approaching, and 
on reaching his master, he again spoke to him, as horses 
usually speak. 

It was observed that the horse was acting in a very unusual 
manner; hut still no steps were taken yet to ascertain the cause 
of the strange running back and forth. So the pony again 
wheeled and galloped away towards the sheep pasture. And 
now. very soon, for the third time, is he seen swiftly returning. 

It seems that the intelligent creature, having failed in two 
attempts to secure help, determined to try elsewhere this time; 
and so, instead of going again to his master, he went to the 
farm-house, and, putting his head through an open window in 
the kitchen, he again whinnied. 

My friend's wife, who had noticed the actions of the animal, 
now felt quite sure there must be some trouble in the field or 
pasture, and that the horse was trying to tell them. So she 
went out where the horse was. He seemed pleased that he 
had attracted attention at last, and, trotting on before the lady 
he led her down to the pasture, and, putting his head over the 
fence, seemed to say. "Look, look!" She did look, and there 
she saw that a savage dog had caught a sheep, and was holding 
it by the throat, in spite of all the poor creature's efforts to 
escape.— [Selected, 





CT TT "VIE IDT I "Li IE INSTRUCTOR 




uesttans an 



nsroers 



OUST TBZB 
BOOK! OB JVC O B IMT O 1ST 



REIGN OF THE JUDGES. 




LESSON IX. 

Q. — "Were any deprived of the privilege of assembling together 
to worship God? 

A. — No; the word of God was liberal unto all. 

Q. — What were the children of God commanded to do? 

A. — To assemble often. 

Q.— What for? 

A. — To fast and pray. 

Q. — In whose behalf were they to do this? 

A. — In behalf of those who 1-iiew nof God. 

Q.— When Alma had made these regulations what d'd he next 
do? 

A. — He departed from Zaraliemla. 

Q — Dicl he establish an order of the church at Zarahemla? 

A.— Yes. 

Q. — Where did he then go? 

A. — Into the valley of Gideon. 

Q. — Where was this valley situated? 

A. — On the east side of the river Sidon. 

Q.— What was the name of the city which had been built in this 
valley? 

A. — Gideon. 

Q. — What did Alma do in this place? 

A.— He declared the word of God unto the inhabitants. 

Q.— Did he establish the order of the church here? 

A.— Yes, as he did in Zarahemla. 

Q.— What did he then do? 

A. — He returned home to Zarahemla. 

Q.— What for? 

A.— To rest himself after the labors he had performed. 

Q._What did Alma do in the commencement of the tenth year 
of the reign of the judges? 

A.— He departed from his home and took his journey into the 
land of Melek. 

Q.— Where was this land situated? 

A.— On the west side of the river Sidon on the borders of the 
wilderness. 

Q.— What did he do in Melek? 

A. — He preached the word of God. 

Q.— Did the people come to him to hear his words? 

A.— Yes, from all over the land. 

Q.— What was done to them? 

A.— They were baptized. 

Q._When he had finished his work at Melek what did Alma 

do? 

A.— He went three days' travel to the north of Melek. 

Q.— What city did he come to? 

A. — Aminonihah. 

Q.— What was the habit of the Nephites in regard to naming 
their villages? 

A.— The town or city received the name of him who first inhab- 
ited it. 

Q._What did Alma do in the city of Ammonihah? 

A.— He preached unto the people. 

Q._-W T er-i; the people living in obedience to the commands of 

God? 

A.— No; Satan bad great power over them. 

Q.— Did they hearken to Alma? 

A.— No; they got angry with him. 

Q_-\Vas Alma discouraged at tins hardness of heart? 

A.— No; he labored with them, and prayed mightily to God. 

Q— What for? 

A. To pour out nis Bpirit upon them, that they would repent. 



uesttauS ami jVuswerS 

OUST THE BIBLE. 



HISTORY OP MOSES CONTINUED. 



LESSON LX. 

Q. — What promise did the Lord make to Moses, on condition 
that the people would obey His voice and keep His covenants? 

A. — That they should be a peculiar treasure to Him, a kingdom 
of priests and a holy nation 

Q. — What did Moses do when he returned to his people? 

A. — He called together the elders and laid before them the 
words of God. 

Q. — When Moses reported to the Lord that the people were wil- 
ling to do as He had said, what did the Lord command him to do? 
A. — To sanctify and prepare the people to see Him descend 
upon Mount Sinai upon the third day. 

Q. — How many special commandments did the Lord give to 
Moses upon Mount Sinai for the children of Israel to observe? 

A.— Ten. 

Q. — What was the first commandment? 

a.— "Thou shalt have no other gods before me." 

Q. — What was the second commandment? 

A. — "Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any 
likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth 
beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: Thou shalt not 
bow down thyself to them, or serve them; for I the Lord thy God 
am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the 
children unto the third and fourth generations of them that hate 
me; And showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, 
and keep my commandments." 

Q. — What was the third commandment? 

A. — "Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in 
vain: for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh his nam© 
in vain." 

0- — What was the fourth commandment? 

A. — "Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days 
shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; But the seventh day is the 
sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, 
thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy 
maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy 
gates: For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, 
and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the 
Lord blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it." 

Q. — What was the fifth commandment? 

A. — "Honor thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be 
long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee." 

Q. — What was the sixth commandment? 

A.— "Thou shalt not kill." 

Q. — What was the seventh commandment? 

A. — "Thou shalt not commit adultery." 

Q. — What was the eighth commandment? 

A. — "Thou shalt not steal." 

Q. — What was the ninth commandment? 

A. — "Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor." 

Q. — What was the tenth commandment? 

A. — "Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house, thou shalt not 
covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his manservant, nor hi-, maidser- 
vant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor anything that is thy neighbor's." 

Q. — What caused the people to stand alar oil' from -Mount 
Sinai? 

A. — Because of the thunderingS, and the lightnings ami tho 
noise of the trumpet, and the mountain smoking. 

Q. — What did the children of Israel say unto Moses? 

A. — "Speak thou with us, and we will hear; hut let not God 
speak with us, lest wo die." 

Q. — What was Moses' reply? 

A. — "Fear not; for Cod is come to prove you, and that his fear 
may he before your face, that ye sin not." 





84 



J IT -V" IE 3ST I H. E2 I1TSTRUCTOR. 




.a. x, x, b: .a. i Xj the jubilee. 

Music by Prof. C. J. Thomas. 



Words uv Mb«. Elizabeth Brooks 



15 



li t i rf ^tT ?T"i^^ g^^^ 



:«T=S= 



Tins 



- /f©F§ 



dav, O Lord, we 



la— k" 



eel - e - brate, Our look'd for Ju - bi 



lee; May 



V k U k = 



-» «* — i ^ 



rr 



-wnp- 



— „- 



dR-r-J'tt/ j - 


- £—£ *— ^— 


, s r> ** , 


. 1 

■I- 




we with |nv each 

£ : — w *— 


*.=- _j • m , 

— m »-?+ J 

othe r greet. And 

, f S *— * -* i 

— £ £ ? — 5 ~*~ 


8 J J * :: 

gii-e all praise to 

— w — » — f r — 


it 

Thee. 




— »• »• — 


^ * " "^ 


L * — 1 1 


P= 

1 





-f>— S- 



7"7 



7=3* 



4 J * 



*&i 



"All 



hail the Ju - bi - lee, All bail the Ju 

,T-g— , -^ -r- - - ♦ * 



* 



J 5 



= —&-fr 



r 



=£= 



=t*=*=^= 



lee, May 
=Si=£: 



¥ 



pi 

« 



?c=if 



«> 



we with joy each 

5 



ii t li e r greet, And 



p — * q- 




give all praise to Thee. 



< >!i. may tlii- happy Jubilee 
I in 'nir hearU remain; 
And when to men and women t 
tliv holy > 



S XT 3ST X) A. IT LESSOISTS 



FOR LITTLE LEARNERS. 



A 

'.' 
.\ 

'.' 

\ 

•: 

\ 

\ 
u 

A 



SSOJi III. 

:ed? 
How did 

[I 

ii 

R 

II • 



1'iinici- a man up, as it is said the eagle does 

the tortoia , the fall. 



Tut answer t" the Poetical Puzzle, published in No 
MAI! VI'dlJT. We have received n correct solution!". 




Father of all our hopes andjoys 
May we from sin be free; 

A ml in the resurrection morn 
Join the grand Jubilee. 



oxxa_:r,.a_x)X!. 



BY ii. It. L. 



1 am composed of In letters: 



M 
M 
M 
M 
M 
M 
M 
\| 

ti.in: 



I. 10, 7. is a beverage; 

I. '_'. S. I. i< ;, in, ii v 

I. 7. ■_'. 8, 5, is the name of an American writer; 

7. 8, 8, 5, i- the name of an English Queen; 

3, 5, 7. ii. 10, is what we all enjoy; 

9, 6, 5, 7. s. i- .-, body of water; 
! I. 2, 10, i- 1 in eat; 

whole is the nai fa battle fought after the Revolu- 

< . VV ir, between [ndians and soldiers. 



JTT"VX]IsriX,E IZSrSTE^XJOTOE^ 

I Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

EVER"? OTHER SATURDAY. 

OEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR 4. PUBLISHER. 



T Kit MS IX ADVANCE 

Single Cop?/, per Annum — — $2 00. 

"•"'-' > 'i ■ in r, ,r ,f < ; . n.1,1 Tit him; ofliec. I'uilding, Corner 
South and East Templo Streets, Suit Lako City, Utah. 

All Communications to this Office should be directed, 
Editob Juvenile Instihtctoh," 




