sk 







VOL. 6. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, MARCH i, 1871. 



NO. 5. 



THIE J J± Or TJ J± tt. 



BELOW we have a picture of a Jaguar springing from 
the brancli of a tree on a band of wild horses passing 
underneath, evidently with the intention of fastening 



them. Once secure in that 



itself on the back of one of 
position the affrighted 
horse will, no doubt, fall 
an easy prey to its sharp 
teeth and strong claws. 
Tt is said, that this is a 
very common way for the 
Jaguar to secure its food, 
as it climbs with ease, 
and the pampas of South 
America where it is 
found, abou n d with 
herds of countless wild 
horses, who when thus 
attacked are no match 
for this savage creature. 
The Jaguar is by many 
called the Ounce, whilst, 
from its fierce and des- 
tructive nature, it is 
sometimes styled the 
tiger or panther of the 
New World. It i s a 
native of the warmest 
regions of South Amer- 
ica. In size it is as large 
as a wolf, though some 
have been noticed that 
were much larg e r. It 
lives solely on prey, 
which not only consists 
of the larger domes t i c 
quadrupeds, as the horse 
and ox, but on smaller 
wild animals, as well as 
tortoises, birds, lish and 



Its appearance has been 
thus jlescr i b e d: — "I t s 
ground color is a pale brownish yellow, variegated on the 
upper parts of the body with streaks and irregular oblong 
spots of black ; the top of the back being marked with 
long uninterrupted stripes, and the sides with rows of 




regular open marks. The thighs and legs are marked 
with full black spots ; the breast and belly are whitish ; 
the tail not so long as the body ; the upper part marked 
with black spots, the lower with smaller ones." 

You may notice that 
this description agrees 
with the appearance of. 
the animal as shown in 
our engraving. Alto- 
gether it is not very un- 
like the wild cats of the 
Rocky Mountains, 
though cons i d e r a b 1 y 
larger and of a different 
shade of color. In char- 
acter and form, both ani- 
mals are like the rest of 
the creatures of the cat 
tribe, vigorous and agile, 
with no extra flesh, but 
seemingly composed of 
bone, nerve, muscle and 
sinew. Though many 
animals, on which they 
prey excel them in fleet- 
ness, in consequence of 
having longer and more 
slender limbs, there are 
none which approach 
them in the power of 
leaping and bounding. 
The Jaguar in appear- 
ance very much resem- 
bles the Leopard, the 
Panther and the Cheetah. 
A not over careful ob- 
server would easily mis- 
take the one for the other; 
they are in fact all four 
large, savage, spoiled eats, 
but the naturalist, and 
oven the furrier knows 
that they are four distinct species. 

There is, however, a difference in the spots on the skin. 
Those on the body of the Jaguar are more like rosettes 
than spots. The black markings of tlio leopard and pi 



t^>£< 



iJet 



B?^^- 



•or 

i 



34: 



JUTEITILB I1TSTRTJOTOB. 



% 



ther are also rosettes ; that is, irregular black rings enclos- 
ing an open space of yellow ground. On the contrary, 
the spots on the Cheetah or hunting leopard are real spots, 
of a uniform black color; and, consequently, this animal 
is easily distinguished from the other three. Again its 
habits somewhat resemble those of the dog, and it might 
be consistently called the dog-eat or the cat-dog, which- 
ever pleases you best. It is on account of its doglike 
qualities that it is sometimes trained for the chase, hence 
its name the Hunting-Leopard. 

The Jaguar again is easily distinguished from the Leo- 
pard and Panther. Its rosettes have a black point in the 
centre, which the rings on the skin of the other animals 
have not. Besides, the Jaguar is a larger and more power- 
ful animal. Humboldt, the great German traveler and 
philosopher, as well as others, observed specimens of the 
Jaguar, almost, if not quite as large as the royal tiger 
itself; and his feats of fierce prowess, in the forest of 
Spanish America, are scarcely eclipsed by those of the tiger 
in the jungles of Bengal. When very much pressed or 
very hungry it will attack human beings, and settlements 
have been abandoned by the timid inhabitants on account 
of the presence of Jaguars in the neighborhood. 

A black Jaguar is also found in tropical America, just as 
there is a black panther in Asia. In neither case is it a 
different species, only a variety as regards color. In all 
other respects the Mack and yellow kinds are alike. Even 
on the dark skinned ones the spots may be observed in a 
certain Light, being of a deeper hue than the general 
ground color of the skin. 

The Jaguar is a great fisherman. His fishing tackle 
consists of bis paws and his tail. When he has taken his 
post upon a fallen trunk over the water of the river he 
drops the tip of his tail into the water, to represent a nut 
or a fruit fallen from a tree; and when the turtle comes to 
the surface to procure the prize, the jaguar seizes him with 
one of his claws, and throws him out over the land. He 
then springs to the land himself, and holding the turtle 
down with one paw, he inserts the other between the 
upper and the under shell, and teal's out the quivering 
Hesh and limbs of his victim between them. 



J± 



T E R, IR, X 33 X_. IE F I IF T Y 

MINUTES. 



IN August, 1859, I arrived at Chamounix with one of my 
friends, a traveler like myself. For about live weeks 
we h d been exploring Switzerland, so that we had had 
plenty of time to get used to snow and glaciers. We bad 
made several ascents, one of 14,000 feet. I well remember 
the sensation I felt when I first saw one of those crevasses 
which seam the surface of the glaciers. Holding firmly 
by my guide's hand, I Leaned over that yawning gulf, and 
tried to gaze down into its terrible depth. The two per- 
pendicular walls of [ce appeared to meet some 300 feet 
below, bui I believe it wae only the effect of perspective, 
the rent being probably prolonged as far as the -olid rock. 
"A man who falls there is certain never to come out 
alive," said one of my guides. 

"True," replied thO other; "but 1 knew one who Was 

rescued. A narrow escape indeed ii was; be still lives al 
GrlndelWald. He Is a chamois hunter; be was returning 

l ie; in descending tin- glacier be made a slip and fell 

into a crevasse. Hi- fall was broken by projecting blocks 
of ice, which yielded, however, beneath bis Weight when 
he clung to them. When be reached the bottom, a dis- 
tance of Home hundred feel, be bad a leg and an arm 
broken. Beneath the earth and the- ice he found B hollow 
place into which a Btream was running; crawling along, 



% 

-- 



suffering terrible pain, he followed the course of the water, 
and in three hours he was out of the glacier." 

Crevasses vary in breadth from two to six feet at the 
mouth, but the sides approach rapidly as they descend, so 
that a man may find himself jammed in between two 
walls of ice a long time before he reaches the bottom, and 
then, it is possible to save him from a dreadful death. But 
generally the ropes are not long enough, and the traveler 
perishes of cold, or falls lower down into the crevasse 
during the hours which elapse while some of the party 
have gone to the nearest village to fetch longer ropes. 
Thus an unfortunate Russian nobleman perished in a 
glacier near Zermatt some years ago. 

We had ascended the Brevent, we now had only the 
Mer de Glace and the Jardin to visit. We slept at the 
Montanvert in the solitary little inn at the foot of the gla- 
cier. Next morning we were up at dawn. Furnished 
with some provisions and two bottles of wine, we started 
with our guide. It was a splendid morning, and augured 
well for our excursion. For half an hour we followed a 
rough path which skirted the Mer de Glace, which dis- 
played below us its surface riven with crevasses and 
covered with rocks and fragments. Our road ended at the 
glacier, upon which we now began to descend, and to 
traverse in zig-zags in the midst of the numerous Assures. 
The Mer de Glace is not considered dangerous and it is 
quite the exception to take axes and ropes, when crossing 
it. Alert and cheerful we hastened on without taking 
notice of the guide, who, soaie way behind, cried out to us 
several times to be cautious and wait for him. We were 
obliged at last to halt before a vast crevasse which barred 
up our passage. It opened with a length of some sixty 
yards, and ended upon our left in a slope of ice, somewhat 
steep, but which I thought I could easily mount. Using 
the iron spike of my alpenstock as a hatchet, I began to 
cut holes in the ice, large enough to put my feet in. At 
this moment our guide rejoined us. He looked at the 
slope and at the yawning crevasse below it, and said in a 
grave tone. "It is dangerous; let us go round it." 

With the aid of my alpenstock I had already got half 
way up this icy hillock, and was now quite convinced 
that it was too steep and slippery to be crossed without an 
axe. The guide's warning confirmed my Opinion. I re- 
solved to retrace my steps. I was cautiously lowering my 
right leg, seeking for the hole that I had made in the ice; 
my foot passed it; I felt that I was sliding down; there 
was nothing rough to stop me, not the least projection by 
which 1 could hold myself in. The declivity became per- 
pendicular, and I fell into the gulf. 

I heard the cry of despair of my companions and my 
guide. My own sensations cannot be described. 1 was 
giddy and half stunned, sent backwards and forwards from 
one wall of ice to the other; 1 felt myself descending to a 
great depth, continued to be dashed to pieces to die by a 
horrible death. Suddenly something stopped me. licit 
myself suspended. 1 took breath again, and could cry 
out, "A rope! a rope!" 

By (iod's mercy I had fallen upon a narrow ledge of ice, 
which formed a sort of bridge across the crevasse. This 
frail support as far as I could judge, was about four inches 
broad and eighteen thick. My head hung from one side 

of i\ my feel from the other. Instinctively and iin - 

di.ii' lv, by what means I know not, I raised myself up 
and stood uprlghf on this projection, Where there was a 
bolloWjust large enough for me to plant one fool. 

\Yli"ii I heard my companions say above me, "Wo 
never hoped to bear your voice again; trust in God and 
take courage. The guide has run lo Montanvert to seek 
men and rope-; he will come back directly." 



ie* 




JTJVE1TILB IITSTBUCTOB. 



35 



m 



9^ 



"If he is long," I replied, "I shall not come up alive." 

My position was a terrible one, the thin ledge of ice was 
so narrow that I could not place both feet on it. I could 
only support myself on one leg, half resting against one 
of the ice walls, and pressing the other with my hand. 
The ice was smooth as a mirror; there was nothing to 
grasp. A stream of ice-water .flowed down upon my 
shoulders, piercing me to the very bones; above my head 
I saw the long and narrow streak of the sky round which 
the mouth of the crevasse formed a frame. The ice, 
which was of darkest blue color, encircled me on all sides, 
looked threatening and gloomy. The two walls seemed 
as if they were about to meet in order to crush me, rather 
than to release their prey. Numerous water-courses 
streamed down their sides, but in this extent of more than 
sixty yards I could not see any other projection or obsta- 
cle except this ledge on which I had so miraculously 
fallen. 

"I risked looking, for one second only, down into the 
terrible abyss, above which I was suspended. At the spot 
where I was, the crevasse was not more than two feet 
wide; lower down it narrowed rapidly, and a hundred 
yards below the two sides appeared to touch each other. 
I believe if I had fallen but a very few inches on either 
side from the narrow bridge which had arrested me, I 
should have been buried and jammed up at a depth where 
no rope could have reached me. I had remained about 
twenty minutes in my perilous position, nerves and mus- 
cles stretched to the utmost to keep myself there, looking 
at the sky above my head and at the ice around me, but 
not daring again to glance into the gulf below. The blood 
was flowing from the wound I had received in my cheek, 
and I felt that my right leg, upon which fortunately I 
was not resting, was severely bruised, the left leg, how- 
ever, pained by the effort of standing and the cold, was 
beginning to give way. It was impossible to change my 
position without the risk of losing my balance. The cold 
of the wall of ice against which I was resting more and 
more benumbed me, the water continued to fall, and I 
dared not stir. 

I called my companion, no one replied. I called again. 
Nothing! Nothing! Not a human being within reach of 
my voice. I was seized with giddiness as a terrible 
thought crossed my brain. 

"He has gone to see if the help is coming, and he can- 
not find the crevasse again; there are hundreds such — I 
am lost!" 

I commended my soul to God. My strength was quite 
exhausted. I had never yet given up all hope. I was 
seized with a desire to let myself fall, and thus put an end 
to my agony. 

At the critical moment I heard myself called. My 
friend had run to look for the guide, but when he wished 
to return he was horror-struck on perceiving that the sur- 
face of the glacier was rent by countless crevasses, all so 
similar that there was not a single sign by which he could 
recognize the abyss in which I was buried alive. In this 
cruel perplexity God guided him to see a little knapsack, 
which the guide had left at the edge of the gulf. I cried 
to him to look at his watch. Five minutes more had 
elapsed. The cold was becoming more and more intense, 
the blood was literally freezing in my veins. I called; I 
asked if there was any one in sight. The guide had 
started thirty-five minutes ago, and not a soul had yet ap- 
peared. It was scarcely probable that he could return so 
quickly, as we bad taken three quarters of an hour to get 
to this spot, and he had to go and return. 

I felt that I could not hold out much longer. The frail 
support on which my safety depended might yield at any 
moment and break beneath me. I remembered I had a 



strong knife in my pocket, and I resolved to make use of 
it to draw myself out. I informed my companion of this 
project; he implored me to do nothing of the kind; but 
my situation had become intolerable. I made a notch in 
the ice, high enough for me to reach it, and large enough 
for me to insert my hand in it; then about two feet above 
the little bridge I dug out a hole sufficiently large for me 
to place my foot in it. I succeeded, and grasping these 
two points of support, my back resting with all my 
strength against the opposite wall , I was able to raise my- 
self and keep myself firm in this new position. I de- 
scended again upon the bridge, and began another notch 
above the first. I flattered myself that I should thus be 
able to escape from my prison, but a single slip, a false 
step, would precipitate me into the abyss. 

I was working diligently away at my second step, when 
I heard a joyous cry above me. "Here they are! Three 
men with ropes — they are running as fast as their legs can 
carry them." 

I steadied myself as firmly as possible upon the narrow 
and slippery bridge, so as to be able to seize the rope they 
were about to lower, and tie it around me. I saw the end 
of it swinging about two yards above my head. "May 
God have mercy upon me! it is too short!" 

"We have another!" 

That was fastened to the first and let down. I seized 
the end of it. I bound it strongly around my waist, and 
grasping the rope with both hands I gave the signal for 
tliem to pull up. 

They began— I was saved. A minute afterward I was 
standing on the glacier. I had passed fifty minutes in 
the crevasse, during which time I had happily lost neither 
my confidence in God nor my presence < f mind. 

When I placed my feet upon firm ground again, an 
overpowering feeling of deep gratitude to the Almighty 
who had delivered me in so great a peril filled my breast; 
I fell on my knees and fainted. When I again became 
conscious, our party was preparing to start for the Mont- 
anvert. Before leaving I wished to cast one last look into 
the crevasse where I had nearly been buried alive. I saw 
how completely impossible it would have been for me to 
have got out of it as I had projected. The opening at the 
top was too wide to have allowed me as I reached it to 
lean against the opposite wall, and without that support 
the most agile of climbing animals would have found it 
impossible to scale this perpendicular wall of ice. 

The guide had run to the inn, where he could not find 
a single rope suitable for the purpose. In despair he 
started for Chamounix; when on the way he met two 
muleteers. Their animals were laden with wood, tied on 
with roj es, which he implored them to give him to save 
a poor traveler who had fallen into a crevasse. These 
good people at once unloaded their mules, and came with 
'the guide to my assistance Tying them together— there 
were three — the ropes reached the depth of thirty to forty 
yards, where I had been arrested in my fall. 

Assisted by my deliverers, I was able to reach Montan- 
vert; where, in a good bed, and with my bruises attended 
to, I had leisure to dream about the danger from which I 
had escaped, and the remembrance of which often haunts 
me both sleeping and waking. I trust that future travel- 
ers, profiting by my experience, will not run the risk of 
penetrating those icy regions withoul providing them- 
selves with axes and ropes, and especially with a firm con- 
fidence in God's goodness, the 'surest of supports, and the 
best safeguard here below. 

Brains.— Says a modern philosopher, "People go ac- 
cording to their brains; if these lie in the head, they 
study; if in the stomach, they eat; if In their heels they 
dance." 



J 



fe^- 



$ 



Sfi 36 



J" XT "V E3 IT I L IE I^STBUOTOB. 






CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1871. 

EDITORIAL THOUGHTS. 




■XE of woman's chief attractions is modes- 
ty, and it is a quality that should be cul- 
tivated by the sex. Boys may be rude. 
boisterous and forward, and their conduct 
disliked ; but the exhibition of such 
conduct on the part of girls produces a 
very painful feeling, for the observer in- 
stantly perceives that they are -exposed 
in a very serious manner; and that, if 
such manners are not corrected and im- 
proved, unhappiness must be the result. There 
is a class of men in the world who are ready to 
take advantage of those of the opposite sex 
whenever they have an opportunity to do so; 
if they receive the slightest encouragement, either 
look, word or act, they are ready to avail them- 
Ivea of it. There are some of this class in this 
city, and before the season is over more may be like- 
ly to come. Our young girls cannot be too careful 
about making acquaintances. In all good society strangers are 
never received on the footing of acquaintances, unless their 
characters arc known and they come recommended by letters 
of introduction ; but in the guileleasness of many of our people 
and especially of our young people, they imagine that every 
man who dresses well and speaks smoothly, is of necessity a 
gentleman and a man to be trusted. This is a very incorrect 
and dangerous idea; for the greatest villains frequently assume 
the most specious and plausible appearance. None but an 
excellent judge of human nature, and one who has had great 
familiarity with the world is able to detect such persons' real 
character, and frequently they are deceived. 

When we Bee our girls making free with strangers, men who 
have only been here a few days or weeks, and associating with 
them as though they were old aquaintances, we feel to pity 
them, for they an' in danger of being deceived and entrapped. 
.No L'ciitleinan will seek the society of ladies without proper 
introductions, and briiiL'iiiL' evidence to prove that lie is what 
he represents himself to be. In good society in other cities 
adventurers fiud it difficult to gain admittance to the family" 
circle or to the society of young ladies ; and certainly among us 
there should l<e, if possible, greater strictness upon these 
points than elsewhere. 

We hope our young people will bear this in mind, and that 

our young ladies will repel the advances "I" men with whom 
tle-y ;ir ,. not acquainted and of whose pasl career they are ig- 
norant 

Wo have had in past years an abundant expend in these 

points; men have come here to spend a winter or a summer; 
they have been introduced to families and by then Bpccious 
manners and address have won the good feelings of one or 
other of the young lady members thereof, and in some in-tan 
cee have married them, and after a feu months baveelapsed 
have deserted their wives. Such lessons should not be lost 
upon us. 



H 



T S T O IR, Y O IE 1 

OHURC IK. 
(Continued.) 



T IK IE 



€k2 



WHILE the Prophet Joseph was gathering up the 
Elders of Israel to go up to Missouri to assist the 
brethren who had been driven from Jackson county, 
Brother Brigham was preaching and laboring for the sup- 
port of his family. He, himself, also made his calculations 
upon going up in that company. One day he and his 
brother Joseph met the Prophet Joseph, and the conversa- 
tion turned upon the subject of the Camp of Zion going 
up to Missouri. He said to them: "Brother Brigham and 
Brother Joseph, if you will go with me in the Camp to 
Missouri and keep my counsel, I promise you, in the 
name of the Almighty, that I will lead you there and 
back again, and not a hair of your heads shall be harmed." 
At this they gave their hands to the Prophet to confirm 
the covenant. On the 7th and 8th of May the Camp 
organized, and on the latter day started on its journey. 
On the 23rd of June the Camp arrived at Rush Creek, 
Clay county, Missouri. About seventy of the brethren 
had been attacked with cholera, and eighteen of them 
died. 

The Prophet Joseph called the members of the Camp 
together, and told them if they would humble themselves 
before the Lord, and covenant that they would from that 
time forth obey his counsel, that the plague should be 
Stopped from that very hour, and there would not be ano- 
ther case in camp; whereupon the brethren with uplifted 
bauds covenanted that they would from that very hour 
hearken to his counsel and obey his word, and the plague 
was stayed according to the words of the Lord through 
his servant. 

The Camp having accomplished the labors assigned it, 
Brother Brigham, accompanied by his brother Joseph and 
several other brethren, started for home on the 4 1 Ii of 
.Inly. They arrived at Kirtland in August, having 
walked all the way. The round trip of about 2,000 miles 
had been performed on foot in a little over three months, 
averaging forty miles a day while traveling. 

During the Kail and Winter Brother Brigham dwell in 

Kirtland, and was occupied in quarrying rock, working 
on the Temple and finishing oil' the printing office and 
school-room. On the 14th of February, 1836, he was called 
to be one of the Twelve Apostles. The Twelve were 
selected in the following order — Lyman E.Johnson, Brig- 
ham Young, Jleber C. Kimball, Orson Hyde, Luke John- 
son, David W. Patten, William E. McLellin, John F. 
Boynton, William Smith, Orson Pratt, Thomas B. Marsh 
and Parley I'. Pratt. From this time forward until tho 
death of tin' Prophet Joseph the duties of his apostleshlp 
claimed ldl Brother Brigham's attention. When not on 
missions preaching the gospel he was laboring at home in 
the ministry, standing by and sustaining the Prophet 
Joseph to the extent of his faith, Influence and means. 
His public duties were important and numerous, yet he 
sustained himself and family by his own exertions. He 
WSUB a wise, economical manager, and the Lord blessed 
liiin ill providing lor bis own household and in rendering 
aid to others and to the work. 

Qpon returning from one of bis missions in the Eastern 
States Brother Brigham found that the spirit of specular 
tion, disaffection and apostasy imbibed by many of tho 

Twelve Apostles, and which ran through all the quorums 

ol the Church, prevailed so extensively that many were 
bewildered, and it was difficult for any to see clearly the 
path to pursue. Those were days when men and women 



•*^ 







JTJYEITILB I1TSTBTJCTOR. 



37 



needed revelation from the Lord to guide thern in the 
right course. Without it they would be confused; for 
the leading elders of the Church joined in denouncing 
Joseph as a fallen prophet; and how could the people 
decide who were the servants of God unless He, by His 
Spirit, told them? In his history Brother Brigham de- 
scribes one scene, which occurred at this time, in which 
he was a prominent actor. It clearly exhibits the condi- 
tion of feeling which prevailed among the men who had 
been most intimately connected with the Prophet. We 
give it in President Young's own language: 

"On a certain occasion several of the Twelve, the witnesses 
to the Book of Mormon, and others of the Authorities of the 
Church, held a council in the upper room of the Temple. Toe 
question before them was to ascertain how the Prophet Joseph 
could be deposed, and David Whitraer, appointed President 
of the Church. Pather John Smith, brother Heber C. Kim- 
ball and others were present, who were opposed to such mea- 
sures. I rose up, and in a plain and forcible manner told 
them that Joseph was a Prophet, and I knew it, and that they 
might rail and slander him as much as they pleased, they 
could not destroy the appointment of the Prophet of God, they 
could only destroy their own authority, cut the thread that 
bound them to the Prophet and to God, and sink themselves 
to hell. Many were highly enraged at my decided opposition 
to their measures, and Jacob Bump (an old pugilist) was so 
exasperated that he eould not be still. Some of the brethren 
near him put their hands on him, and requested him to be 
quiet ; but he writhed and twisted his arms and body saying, 
"How can I keep my hands otf that man?" I told him if he 
thought it would give him any relief he might lay them on. 
This meeting was broken up without the apostates being able 
to unite on any decided measures of opposition. This was a 
crisis when earth and hell seemed leagued to overthrow the 
Prophet and Church of God. The knees of many of the 
strongest men in the Church faltered." 

(To be continued.) 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

i^EOonjijEiaTioisrs. 



HYRUM Smith, the Patriarch, married Jerusha Barden, 
Nov. 2, 1826. They had six children, viz. Lovina, 
Mary, John, Hyrum, Jerusha and Sarah. Mary died very 
young, and her mother died soon after the birth of her 
daughter Sarah. Hyrum, the second son, died in Nauvoo 
in 1842, aged eight years. The Patriarch married his 
second wife, Mary Fielding, in the year 1837, she enter- 
ing upon the important duty of step-mother to five chil- 
dren, which task she performed under the most trying 
and afflictive circumstances with unwavering fidelity. 
She had two children, Joseph and Martha. Thus you see, 
Hyrum Smith the Patriarch of the Church of Jesus Christ 
of Latter-day Saints, was really a polygamist, many years 
before the revelation on Celestial marriage was written, 
though perhaps about the time it was given % to the Pro- 
phet Joseph Smith, not exactly in the sense in which the 
word is generally used, for both his wives were not living 
together on the earth, still they were both alive, for the 
Spirit never dies, and they were both his wives, the 
mothers of his children. Marriage is ordained of God, 
and when performed by the authority of His Priesthood, 
is ail ordinance of the everlasting Gospel, and is not there- 
fore a legal contract merely, but pertains to time and to 
all eternity to come, therefore it is written in the Bible, 
"What God hath joined together let no man put asun- 
der." 

There are a great many men who feel very bitter against 
the Latter day Saints, and especially against the doctrine 
of plural marriage, who have married one or more wives 
after the death of their first, that, had their marriages 
been solemnized in the manner God has prescribed, and 
by His authority, they themselves would be polygamists, 
for they, as we, firmly believe in the Immortality of the 



soul, professing to be Christians and looking forward to 
the time when they will meet in the Spirit world their 
wives and the loved ones thit are dead. We can imagine 
the awkward situation of a man, not believing in poly- 
gamy, meeting two or more wives with their children in 
the Spirit world, each of them claiming him as hus- 
band and father! "But," says one, "how will it be with 
a woman who marries another husband after the death of 
her first? She will be the wife of the one to whom she 
was married for time and eternity. But if God did not 
"join them together," and they were only married by 
mutual consent until "death parted them," their contract 
or partnership ends with death, and there remains but 
one way for those who died without the knowledge of the 
gospel to be united together for eternity. That is, for 
their living relatives or friends to attend to the ordinan- 
ces of the gospel for them. "For in the resurrection they 
neither marry nor are given in marriage ;" therefore, 
marriage ordinances must be attended to here in the flesh. 
Hyrum Smith, however, was a polygamist before his 
death, he having had several women sealed to him by his 
brother Joseph, some of whom are now living. 

At the death of the Patriarch, June 27th, 1844, the care 
of the family fell upon his widow, Mary Smith. Besides 
the children there were an old lady, named Hannah 
Griunels, who had been in the family many years ; ano- 
ther old lady named Margaret Brysen; and a younger one, 
named Jane Wilson, who was troubled with fits and 
otherwise afflicted, and was, therefore, very dependent; 
and an old man named George Mills, who had also been 
in the family eleven years, almost entirely blind and very 
crabbed; these and others, some of whom had been taken 
care of by the Patriarch out of charity, were members of 
the family, and remained with them until after they arrived 
in the valley. "Old George," as he was sometimes called, 
had been a soldier in the British army, never had learned 
to read or write; and, therefore, often acted upon impulse 
more than from the promptings of reason, which made it 
difficult sometimes to get along with him; but because he 
had been in the family so long— through the troubles of 
Missouri and Illinois, and had lost his eye-sight, the efl'ect 
of brain fever and inflammation, caused by taking cold 
while in the pineries, getting out timbers for the temple 
at Nauvoo; widow Smith bore patiently all his peculiari- 
ties up to the time of her death. Besides those I have 
mentioned, Mercy R. Thompson, sister to widow Smith, 
and her daughter, and Elder James Lawson were also 
members of the family. 

On or about the 8th of September, 1.84G, the family, with 
others, were driven out of Nauvoo by the threats of the 
mob, and camped on the banks of the Mississippi river 
just below Montrose. There they were compelled to re- 
main two or three days, in view of their comfortable 
home just across the river, unable to travel for the want of 
teams, while the men-folks were preparing to defend the 
city against the attack of the mob. They were thus under 
the necessity of witnessing the commencement of the 
memorable "battle of Nauvoo;" but, before the cannon- 
ading ceased, they succeeded in moving out a few miles, 
away from the dreadful sound of it, where they remained 
until they obtained, by the change of properly at a greal 
sacrifice, teams and an out lit for the journey through [owa 
to the Winter Quarters of the Saints, now Florence, In 
Nebraska. Arriving at that point late in the Pall, they 
were obliged to turn out their work animals to pick their 
living through the Winter, during wliieli some of their 
cattle, and eleven out of their thirteen horses died, leav- 
ing them very destitute of teams in the Spring. 
[ To be continued.] 



Hi 



$&3fr 



-^-*e£ 



^ 
£ 



B 




J" TJ V E3 nsr 1 L e ifstbvctob, 



1' 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 






1? 



CHLORIDES.-1TO. 2. 



THE "salt of thi? lake'' is a very pure chloride of sodium; 
remarkably so. We have been favored with analyses 
by many eminent chemists. So excellent is our salt that it 
is now "shipped" to other countries. Its preservative 
powers a>e among the ordinary proofs of its integrity; and 
ooeaslonally its formation, when crystailzed. When 
>alt is mixed up with foreign ingredients, it is liable to 
decomposition, when used (tor preserving purposes, and it 
will not crystalize in the regular form, which is cubic, or 
some simple modification of that form. Our salt has at- 
tracted the notice of very distinguished men on account 
of its beauty of structure, that is, its perfectability of 
form. Clusters of cubic crystals are found on the margin 
of the lake that have taken the most fantastic shapes 
when crystalized spontaneously. 

What is the reason the salt erystalizes? The salt is car- 
ried down to the lake in the waters that supply it. Com- 
mon salt dissolves in cold water quite as well as it does in 
hot, a remarkable fact, well worth treasuring in memory 
by the juvenile student, for many wonderful results in the 
chemistry of animal- are a consequence of this peculiarity. 
Well, the salt pours into the lake in solution. Evapora- 
tion is constantly goiug on from the surface of the lake, 
as it is from all exposed fluid surfaces. The continual ad- 
dition of chloride of sodium causes the waters always to be 
saturated, that is, as should be remembered by the stu- 
dent, "as much as it can hold in solution." There may 
p obably be another reason; other salts besides the 
chloride of sodium are constantly passing into the lake by 
the same streams that bring that down. These salts are 
precipitated, having common salt in a super-saturated state 
of solution, so that the moment any reduction of water 
take- place by evaporation, salt (Na. CI.) must be formed, 
that is, it must assume the solid state. Now this is done 
very regularly, and frequently slou-li/; this enables the 
salt to take its proper form. When the process is very 
gradually conducted, the crystals are not only cubic, but 
in a large form, some of this kind are preserved in the 
Museum; and in our great .National Institution, the 
"Smithsonian," at Washington. 

Now thi- -alt is likely to become a con-tantly increasing 
source or revenue to us, for it is of great value in the arts, 
as well as for domestic purposes. It contains a very pure 
chloride; when we reflect that 60 percent of that is chlo- 
rine, and, consequently, 40 per cent, of the metal sodium, 
we may see its importance when we become a manufac- 
turing people! 

Hut what i- the metal sodium, the metal that burns so 
readily in oxygen that it has to be kept innaptha, a liquid 
thai contain- no oxygen, to prevent its taking lire'.' With 
sulphuric acid this metal is "Glauber*! salts." By beating 
chloride of sodium with sulphuric acid, this is obtained; 
at the same time hydrochloric acid i- disengaged, which 
can be utilised. By the agency ol the water in the sul- 
phuric add this is pro luce. I. Here is the process! 880, 
Ho plus Na. CI. equals B BO. plus Na. plus CL H. 
Bodlum therefore simply take* the ptaat of hydrogen in 
the bydrated sulphuric acid; while tin- hydrogen com- 
bines with chlorine, and MA In- collected by proper ap- 
paratus 

This element, chjorine, Is of great importance in making 



lime into bleaching powder; ami for many other purposes 
that will necessitate our taking, at least, another oppor- 
tunity to say something about the "chlorides." 

Bi:th. 



APOSTASY AUSTID TBEASOIT. 
(Continued.) 



SO angry were they at being foiled in their attempt to 
hike the first city, that (he chief captains swore that they 
would take vengeance upon the people of Noah and wipe 
them out. Up to this time they did not seem to have any 
conception of the preparations which bad been made by 
Moroni to defend his people. It was true one city had 
been fortified ; but they supposed the city of Noah would 
fall an easy prey to them. Moroni, however, had laid his 
plans excellently. He had an idea that in case of war the 
Lamanites would make an attempt to capture the first 
city, and that, surprised at the preparations made there to 
repel them, they would abandon their design of attacking 
it, and march in the direction of the city of Noah ; for the 
apostates were aware of its former weakness, lie had, 
therefore, taken extra pains in securing it, and had placed 
in command there, one of his best officers, a man whose 
very name was a terror to the Lamanites. 

Had they not taken the oath that they would destroy 
the city of Noah, it is probable they would have hesitated 
about attacking it also ; but they felt bound by their oath; 
therefore they laid seige to it. The attack upon the city 
was a most vigorous one ; but what availed numbers in 
such a warfare? TheNephites had every advantage; they 
were sheltered and well-armed, and they indicted dread- 
ful slaughter upon the Lamanites. The leading officers 
of the Lamanites Were determined to conquer, and mad- 
dened by the loss of their men, they led them forward, 
exposing themselves fearlessly to the arrows and darts of 
the Nephitcs until there was scarcely one of them left. 
When their chief officers were slain, the rank and file re- 
treated, leaving behind them large numbers of their dead. 
They never stopped their retreat until they reached their 
own country ; and communicated their want of success to 
the king. 

Amaliekiah was dreadfully enraged when he learned of 
the defeat and lo.'S which his army had sustained. He 
cursed and raved, going so far even as to curse Ood, and 
also Moroni, and swearing with an oath that he would 
drink Moroni's blood, lie did not deem it prudent, how- 
ever, to attempt to raise any more soldiers to continue the 
war at that time. Hut be never forgot his oath, and he 
resolved to fulfil it upon the Bret favorable opportunity. 
About five years had rolled away, during which time he 
arranged affairs so much to bis satisfaction that he thought 
himself Justified in declaring war and marching against 
the Nephitcs. He had succeeded in collecting an immense 
army, and this time he accompanied it himself. lie 
entered the Ncphitc country at a time when Moroni was 
engaged in putting down dissensions and civil war among 
his people, and he was successful in capturing a number 
of cities. Hi- assailed only the weakest places and avoided 
those which were strongly fortified and well defended. 

i in.- of Moroni's chief officers was a man named Tean- 
i aim, a very skillful general, and a man who was perfect ly 

willing if necessary to sacrifice his life for the g I of his 

country. Tcancum WBS in Command of a picked body of 
men, and IS Amaliekiah was pursuing his career of vic- 
tory, and marching to the north with the intention of 
getiin Ion Of a very valuable portion of the coun- 

try, he met him aud a pitched battle ensued, in which 






9 



■^s§ 



JUYEUILE HTSTHUOTOR. 



39 



I 



•^ 



Teancum aud his men were victorious. They fought 
until it was dark and then camped. After nightfall, 
Teancum accompanied by one of his men, crept into the 
camp of Amalickiah, which he found unguarded. The 
Lamanites had fought hard and were very fatigued, and 
probably thinking that Teancum and his men were 
quite as tired as they were, and that they had nothing 
to fear from them that night, they had resigned them- 
selves to sleep. But Teancum was a sleepless, vigilant 
soldier. He well knew what a great villian he had to 
contend with — a man whose sole aim was to conquer and 
destroy ; an apostate, a traitor and a murderer ; and we 
cannot be surprised that he did not feel like sleeping that 
night. He went through the Lamanite camp until he 
came to the tent of Amalickiah, and there lay the deadly 
enemy of his people and country, the tyrant whose 
avowed object it was to crush all liberty and to lord it over 
the land. How easy it was to kill the author of all this 
war and bloodshed! Teancum did not hesitate. He threw 
his javelin, it entered Amalickiah's heart, and he died 
so quickly that he did not make sufficient noise to awaken 
his servants. Teancum and his companion then quietly 
left the camp aud succeeded in getting back to their own 
quarters without being discovered or disturbing the 
Lamanites. Thinking they might awake and discover 
their loss, Teancum aroused his men and made every pre- 
paration to resist any attack that might be made ; but the 
Lamanites slept on unconscious of the visitors there had 
been in their camp, until morning. Then finding their 
king dead, they became frightened and abandoned their 
design of marching to the north and retreated into one of 
the cities which they had captured, aud sought protection 
behind its fortifications. 

This was the end of Amalickiah, an ambitious, bad man, 
who to gratify his lust for power broke every covenant, 
betrayed every trust, and forswore his religion and his 
country. How little do men know when they forsake 
God and deny His truth what their future conduct may 
be! We have no account of the early life of Amalickiah, 
aud, therefore, do not know what his standing among the 
people was. It is probable, however, that so active and 
energetic a man as he was after he became an apostate, 
might have been, when in good standing in the Church, a 
zealous, persevering man. The qualities which when he 
became an apostate rendered him so infamous, would if 
properly exercised while he was a member of the Church, 
have made him famous. It seems from the record that he 
was a man of some note, and was rich ; for it was an apos- 
tasy of the rich and aristocratic which he led, aud it was 
this class which desired him to be a king. They were 
office-holders, judges, &c, and like himself, they sought 
power. To become rulers they were willing to trample 
upon every right of the people, and even to kill those who 
opposed them in their schemes. There had likely been a 
time when Amalickiah was the joy of his parents and 
they had entertained bright hopes for his future; but he 
bad indulged in pride; prosperity and riches were too 
strong for him ; from one sin lie had been led to another, 
until he became utterly hardened in his heart, rebelled 
against the priesthood and fought against the Church. 
Then bis descent to the extreme depths of wickedness was 

very rapid. The oath which he swore, after the defeat of 
tin- fust army which he sent against the Nephltes, to the 
effect that he would drink the blood of Moroni, illustrates 
hi« savage and murderous character after he submitted 
himself to be guided by the evil one. 

What an Impressive warning does the history of such a 
man convey to the Latter-day Saints! Children, you 
should never forget It. Shun every evil thought, word 
and act ; cherish the Holy Spirit, make it your guide, and 
thus avoid apostasy. 

(To be continued.) 



CELESTIAL COSTUMES. 

A CHINESE lady— that is, a small or bound-footed 
woman — may wear the most elegant clothing. Her 
outer garment is called a sang; it is a loose garment but- 
toned up the right side, and extending below the knee. 
It is often made of handsome silk or satin, sometimes 
very handsomely embroidered. She also wears a scarlet 
under-shirt, coming below the sang down to the scarlet 
pantalets, and both skirt and pantalets are handsomely 
embroidered in many-colored silks and gold. The pre- 
vailing colors for the upper garments at Foo-Chow, are 
black, dark-blue, purple, and sometimes drab, while the 
under-skirt and pantalets are scarlet. In winter the 
outer garment is sometimes lined with fur, but the fur is 
always worn as lining, not outside. In summer the Chi- 
nese lady very generally wears white muslin or silk gown, 
bound or trimmed with black muslin or satin. Her 
sleeves are rather full, and when she calls upon you, she 
keeps her hands clasped meekly before her, excepting 
when she examines your clothing, which she does with- 
out any hesitation. 

I wish that I could describe the style of the Chinese 
ladies' hair. It is very elaborate, and is certainly far 
more becoming than the present style of American ladies. 
The hair is so thoroughly oiled that it is very glossy and 
keeps its place. It would be useless to attempt a full 
description of it, but it is brought low down on the neck, 
though not touching the neck, and then spread into a sort 
of fan or wing shape, and held in place by gold clasps or 
pins. A very elegant band, ornamented with gold and 
pearls, is often worn on the head just above the forehead. 
Flowers are universally worn. They may be either 
natural or artificial. They are fastened to long pins and 
put in the back hair, extending out several inches from 
each side of the head. 

A full-dressed Chinese lady would be something for any 
one of my readers to see. What with her wide-spreading 
train, adorned with gold, precious stones with flowers ; 
her heavy gold ear-rings, with jade stone pendants; the 
heavy embroidered sang of satin over which and around 
the neck hangs a long string of perfumed beads ; the 
gayly embroidered red underskirt and pantalets ; the 
tiny feet in two-inch satin shoes ; the small-formed hands, 
two or three fingers of which have the very finish of aris- 
tocracy — i. e., nails an inch or two long, in gold or silver 
sheaths; the gold or jade bracelets on the wrists; the 
cheeks and lips painted red, face powdered, eyebrows 
shaven straight — altogether, the lady before us is very 
gorgeous in her get up, and not unhandsome, if I except 
the poor little feet so wofully mis-shaped. Such is a lady 
in China adorned with silk, satin, and jewels, but gener- 
ally unable to read a word, secluded from the world, 
married to a man she never saw until bound to him for 
life, unless he choose to set her aside; shut up in small 
cheerless rooms, having none of the comforts of our home. 
She is the slave of her husband and his immediate rela- 
t i ves. — Selected. 



THE STCRY OF .A. IHL^T, 



i&Ste* 



Till'', following incident in the life of Elder Thomas 
Phillips of Si-ipio, showing how mindful the Lord la of 

His servants, even in what we may deem small things, 
will doubtless be perused with Interest by our Juveniles. 
We give in Brother Phillips' own words. 

"I have witnessed the providences of tlio Lord In 
various ways, whilst traveling without purse and scrip, 



irS 



»' 



XT 



<# 



40 



J TJ ~V E ILT I Hi E I1TSTBTJCTOR 




preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ, and have realized 
that to such, when faithful, the Lord has manifested his 
loving kindness, and that His watchful care over them is 
sensible to their understanding. 

" One item although it may appear small is of particular 
interest to me. It is as follows: I was traveling in the 
towns and villages in a part of the county of Surrey, 
England, preaching the gospel as revealed from the Hea- 
vens through the ministry of holy beings. Under these 
circumstances, food and raiment were sometimes hard to 
obtain ; consequently at one time I had a hat that was very 
much the worse for wear. In a village called Hersham, in 
that county, lived a brother by the name of "William 
Hobbs, whose house I sometimes visited and received 
food and lodging. One night Bro. Hobbs dreamt that a 
personage came to him and told him that Brother Phillips 
would be at his house on a certain day, naming the time, 
which I think was four or five days from the time he 
dreamt ; he was further told, that he must get a new hat 
fur Bro. Phillips ; for the one he wore was very shabby. 

"This dream was very much impressed on the 
mind of Bro Hobbs, and troubled him sorely, for it found 
him without money and some miles from any town where 
he could buy a hat. Bro. Hobbs was the overseer of a 
small number of men, whose work was to keep some 
miles of railroad in repair for the safety of the trains. 
"When the day came that I was to be at his 
house in the evening, lie went to his work very low-spirit- 
ed, not having obtained the hat. "While at work on the 
track, a long train of cars came along, and when passing 
the ]>lace where Bro. Hobbs and his hands were at work, 
a hat, suitable for the finest gentleman in the land (lew 
out of one of the windows. Brother Hobbs shouted 'that's 
the hat for Brother Phillips, thank God.' When Bro. 
Hobbs came home in the evening, I was there.it being 
the time specified in the dream. He walked up tome and 
said: 
'"Brother Phillips, I was to give you a new hat, and here 
it is.' 

"To our surprise it fitted me well. As a matter of course 
I was very anxious to know who was so thoughtful for an 
Elder of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ; 
and in answer to my questions Brother Hobbs told me the 
dream. Then I knew and I still know that the providen- 
ces of OUT Heavenly father Were and are work i lie; in favor 
of the .servants and Saints of the Most High. It is good 
for all Saints to acknowledge the hand of the Lord in ull 
things, for all is necessary so that we may gain experience 
to successfully battle with the opposing elements that we 
have to meet while traveling the narrow path that leads 
to patience, integrity, purify and holiness, and into the 
presence of our Father ami (iod." 



NEWS OF SIPPING-. 



< >, I'vo had news of Spring, to-day! 

It camo in the oddest, lunniist way — 

V u oouldn't guess in ever so long; 

You might try and try, and still be wrong. 

I was sleeping as sound as sound could be, 

When a black crow How to the nearest tree; 

Tho air was cold and wet with sleet, 

The ground lay white beneath his feet, 

Bat don't you think, this dear old crow 

II ml onio from the south, whore there is no snow, 

To wakomewith his loud "(aw! raw!'' 

Which means, they say, H'm going to thaw; 

Then llew away on his tlrelos, wing; 

Ho'd told me all he knew of Spring. 



Original iPoilng* 



THE STJJSriDJ^ir SOZHZOOL. 



By Miss Jtoia Dhuce. 



How pleasant and bright! 

What a beautiful sight ! 

To see children, in Sunday School, trying, 

To learn all they may, 

On the Lord's holy day, 

Of his goodness, and mercies undying. 

Tho' rude children play, 

In the streets, on the day 

Which tho Lord has said, should be kept holy ; 

Let good children try 

Their young minds to employ 

In a School, if 'tis ever so lowly. 

With hearts that are light, 

And with faces so bright, 

Ev'ry one should be seen in their places ; 

And when they go home, 

Or wherever they roam, 

They will think of their teachers' kind facos. 

In future years, some 

May be called, far from homo 

To go preaching, in lands, among strangers 

Perhaps; then they'll find 

Their past lossons will bind 

Their hearts in the right path, among dangers. 

And so op through life, 

'Mid the cares, and the strife, 

That all, may find strown in their pathway ; 

How pleasant to look 

Back in memory's book, 

To those precepts they hoard every Sunday! 



C3-ETTI2STC3- U'F STAIRS. 



Jli I the baby is getting up stairs, 

Ono step, two steps, three steps, slow. 
Down she comes with a thump, thump, thump, 
Mamma kisses the little, blue bump. 
Higher next time will the baby go, 
Mother's lovo watches her, high or low. 

Life's n continual climbing of stairs; 

What if too eager ones tumble and fall? 
Up again, try again, wiser eaeli time, 
Safely at last shall the bravo feet climb. 
Pear not to follow the rallying call, 
Ood's dear lovo watches over us all. 



vT'LH^EINTI-.IE I1TSTRTJGTOE, 

Is published In Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERT OTHER BATUKDAY, 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR & PUBLISHER. 

Shlfflt Oopy, per Annum ?- 50. 

SingU Coj/y, for Six Moniht 1 60. 

4IS~ Groin brooirlit to this City for tho Juvenile Ikstbuotob will bi> 
I ut tin- olllri of our i>n]H.'r— 1>k*i in.i NBWS JSuii.ijinub. 




