^^) 



'(&^« 



9^U 




^<iHs5^^ l^^-W^-<^^iV 








VOL. 5. 



SALT LAIvE CITY, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1870. 



NO. 4. 



THE S"WITZEI?.'S 



For the Juvenile Instructor. 



THE scene we give you to-day is thoroughly Swiss— the 
stupendous mouHtains with their summits covered 
with snow; the lake wliich seems to be close to their 
bases, on the bottom of which a solitary sail is seen; the 
cattle limbing the mountain with the herdsman watch- 
ing them; and the young man and little girl in the fore- 
ground; all indicite that the land is Switzerland. Whether 
these mountains are bleak and cold, and exposed to frost 
and snow two thirds of the year, or whether they are in 
that part of the Alps of which 
the poet writes — 
"Sublime, but neither ftleak cor 

bare. 
Nor rntety are the mountaiDs there, 
Softly sublime— profusely tair, 
Up to their summits clothed in 

green. 
And fruitful as the vales between— 

we cannot tell. But many of 
the highest and bleakest moun- 
tains produce rich pasturage and 
sweet grass, upon which vast 
herds of cattle are fed. 

The wealth of the people of 
Switzerland, in a great measure, 
lies in <;attle and their produce. 
The saaeadows, in the most of 
the valleys, produce an abund- 
ance of rich and nutritious grass, 
and the bright green in which 
the valleys and mountains are 
clotiied, form a d-elightful fea- 
tuiie in Swiss scenery. In travel- 
ing through that country we 
were struck with the appear- 
ance of the mountains. From 
their bases, as far up their side 
as the eye could reach, they were 
covered with grass; differing 
in this respect from our moun- 
tains, which, in many instances, 

are destitute of vegetation. The mountain pasturages, 
in that country, are to a certain extent common land, 
in which tlie inhabitants of the neighboring town or 

village have the right of pasturing a certain number valley let out their higher pastures every summer to 

shepherds, who come with their flocks from the Italian 
side of the Alps. The stock reach there very lean and 




the villages up to the first and lower pastures. Should 
a certain portion of these be exhausted, they change their 
quarters to another part of the mountain. Here they 
stay till about the 10th or 12th of June, when the cattle 
are driven to the middle range of pastures. That portion 
of the herds intended for a summer campaign on the 
highest Alps remain here till the beginning of July, and 
on the 4th of that month generally ascend to them; return 
to the middle range of pastures about seven or eight weeks 
afterwards, spend there about 
fourteen days or three weeks, to 
eat the aftergrass; and finally 
return into the valleys about 
the 10th or llth of October, 
where they remain in the vici- 
nity of the villages till driven 
by the snow and tempests of 
winter into the stables. 

"That portion of the cattle, on 
the other hand, which is not 
destined to jaass the summer on 
the higher Alps, and are neces- 
sary for the supply of the vil- 
lage with milk and butter, de- 
scend from the middle pastures 
on the 4th of July into the 
valley, and consume the grass 
upon the pasturage belonging to 
the commune, till the winter 
drives them under shelter. The 
very highest Alpine pasturages 
are never occupied more than 
three or four weeks at the 
furthest." 

In one valley, that of the 

Engadine, or Valley of the 

U])per Inn, one of the villages 

is 5,000 feet above the sea — about 

1,200 feet higher than Salt Lake 

valley. There is no other valley among the Alps where 

so many and such large and populous villages are to be 

found at so high an elevation. The inhabitants of this 



of head of cattle. 

"In the spring, as soon as the snow has disappeared, 
and the young gra.ss sprouts up, the cattle are sent from 



in poor condition about the beginning of July; after re 



'^ 





0" TJ -V E :N- I H. E IlSrSTI^TJCTOIS,. 



^i 



maining three niontlis, they return with them fat and 
bearing long fleeces, whieh they ssell to the manufacturers 
of wool in their own country. 

The flue engraving on page 29, gives another view of 
Switzerland. In looking at that you can form some idea 
of the reasons why Switzerland has been so dilHcult a 
country to conquer. A few determined, liberty-loving men, 
in such wild places, could oppose and concjuer an army of 
invaders. One instance occurs to us, out of many of this 
character in Swiss history. An Archduke of Austria, at 
the head of 3,000 men, hoped, on one occasion, to take the 
men of Canton Appenzell by surprise, and with this large 
force overwhelm them. But a handful of mountaineers, 
(not over 400 when all gathered) under the conduct of 
Count Rudolph of Wesenberg, assembled in haste, gave 
them battle, and defeated the invadere. They slew 900 of 
them, and their blood discolored the mountain torrent 
which ran past the place where they fought. They only 
lost twenty of their own number. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



C 7^ Xj O I TJ IMI- - L I 3^^ E. 



WHEN we look at a beautiful pearl, without some 
knowledge of the changes wrought by chemistry, it 
is hard to realize that the rough-looking mountiiin lime- 
stone and the delicate looking gem are closely related to 
each other. Yet such is the case; calcine either, the same 
result is obtained: an oxide of calcium, or lime. Wonder- 
ful are the transformations which matter undergoes; the 
same element that gives hardness to the mortar of our 
buildings, gives hardness and solidity to the substance of 
our bones; and that element is a metal, calcium. This 
metal is the basis of lime; one of the most important 
natural substances. 

In our mountains, lime-stone is quarried to make lime; 
a kiln is built, and the rough stone, broken into suitalde 
pieces, is thrown in with either wood or coal to burn. 
When lime-stone is made red-hot it undergoes a chemical 
change, the cjirbonic acid is expelled; from being a car- 
bonate of lime (Ca, O. plus C2. O.) it becomes a protoxide 
of the metal (Ca. O.) In the article on soap we saw that 
this caustic-lime, or "quick lime," may be used to deprive 
the alkaline carbonates of their carbonic acid, this is by 
reason of its greater affinity. 

This protoxide (quick-lime) is very useful to the builder; 
with it "mortar" is made; water is poured over it, it 
swells, and cracks, steam rises, great heat is developi'd. 
Presently it falls to powder; and, in this sta'e, i.s ready 
to be mi.xed up with clean washed sand and more wati-r, 
into a tough ma.ss of doughy consistency, in whidi state 
it is used a.s a cement or moitar for rock and brick work. 
The s.md used for this jiurpose should be free from earthy 
matter, it '.hen not only adds to the liulk, but gives greater 
fiardiutix to mortar. It may l)e remembered that it has 
been sliown, in speaking on silex, that silica is soluble in 
alkalies. Now lime is of an alkaline nature, and experience 
has shown that a chemical ailion takes i)lacc when silica 
(sand) and lime are mechanically mixed together. IJut 
this compound called mortar does not depend upon the 
sand for acquiring hardening properties, so far as insolu- 
bility or solidity is concerned. When quick-lime is "hy- 
dratcd," that is, when water is added to it, the hj'drogen 



^K- 



combines with the lime, which still retains its aflinity for 
C-2. O. (carb. nic acid), with which it gradually enters into 
chemical combination, absorbing that gas from the atmos- 
phere. This is why, in putting up mortar, care must be 
taken not to allow it to dry too rapidly, which it does if 
exposed to intense heat; or, to be frozen, as water expands 
in passing into the state of ice, both of which unfavorable 
circumstances arrest and prevent the necessary chemical 
changes. The student may notice the action of "slack- 
ing" lime with advantage; very striking phenomena are 
presented; two cold bodies produce intense heat; a solid 
body expands, and a liquid (water) becomes solid. The 
changes are caused by two compound bodies (Ca. O., oxide 
of -calcium, and 02 H., water) forming a compound that 
has not the same capacity for "heat" they had in their 
separate state, the latent, thus becomes sensible heat; the 
water changes its stale by becoming solid and occupying 
less space. 

Somewhat similar changes take place when the sulphate 
of lime (gypsum) is used; this substance is sulphuric acid 
in combination with lime. It is used as plaster of Paris; 
for making "plaster casts" and small statues, a branch 
of business in which the Italians excel. Cornices are 
moulded of this substance, it is used for various purposes 
of embellishment where a quickly hardening cement is 
needed. Fac similes of coins and medals are taken in 
"fine" plaster; the cabinets of the curious are much 
enriched by exact representations of works of Art, which 
cannot be multiplied by the artist. 

There are many other uses of lime that will yet be re- 
ferred to. The chloride is used for bleaching and disin- 
fecting purposes; it is made by passing the vapor of 
chlorine over lime. Also the phosphate of lime, the 
principal constituent of bone; it is used too for illuminat- 
ing purposes; the Drummond Light is produced by pass- 
ing the flame of oxygen and hydrogen on to a piece of 
lime. It is used as a flux in working iron ore; and for 
fertilizing our fields. 

Beth. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

r!r|ittal J^odun* 



W 






XjITTLE XjXJO"Z". 



Look not to the grave for the lov'd one; 

The beautiful one is not there; 
It now shines in the mansions of beauty, 

Far away from earth's trouble and care. 

She lives with the pure and the lovely 
The noV)le, the good and the wise; 

In the sunbeams of love and alTeolion, 
Where happiness beams from the skies. 

O, why should she suddenly leave ns7 
(), wherefore so transient her stay? 

She cauie, like an angel to cheer us, 
And then like a Uow'r, pass'd away. 

By coming to earth, she inherits 

Her birthright, lior parents and home — 

The gifts aud the blessings of X'riesthood 
In eternity's ages to come. 

She has gained the dear, beautiful casket, 
Which the grave will, ero hmg, purify, 

Tg come forth in the first resurrection 
Aud inhabit bright mansions on high, 



E. R. S, 



Lf 



^ 



!:?e^ 



I 






•o^^ 



9' 



m 



^' 



■^! 



CTTJ^EIsriLEl IlsrSTI?.TJCTOI?., 



S7 



■/4y« 



THE I^OTTEI^'S J^I^T. 



From "Triumphs op Invention and Discoveby.' 
Piiblislted by T. Xelaon <& Sorts, London. 






FROM that moment he was more engaged than ever in 
the search. He had discovered the white enamel- 
The next thing to be done was to apply it. He must now 
worli at home and in secret. He set about moulding 
vessels of clay after designs of his own, and baked them 
in a furnace which he had built in imitation of the one at 
the pottery. The grinding and compounding of the ingre- 
dients of the enamel cost him the labor, day and night, of 
another month. Then all was ready for the final pro- 
cess. 

The vessels, coated with the precious mixture, are 
ranged in the furnace, the Are is lit and blazes fiercely. 
To stint the supply of fuel would be to cheat himself of a 
fortune for the salie of a few pence, so he does not spare 
wood. All that day he diligently feeds the tire, nor lets it 
slacken through the night. The excitement will not let 
him sleep even if he would. The prize he has striven for 
through these weary years, for which he has borne mock- 
ery and privation, is now all but within his grasp; in 
another hour or two he will have possessed it. 

The grey dawn comes, but still the enamel melts not. 
His boy brings him a portion of the scanty family meal. 
There shall soon be an end to that miserable fare! More 
faggots are cast on the Are. The night falls, and the sun 
rises on the third day of his tending and watching at the 
furnace door, but still the jjowder shows no signs of melt- 
ing. Pale, haggard, sick at heart with anxiety and dread, 
worn with watching, parched and fevered with the heat 
of the fire, through another, and yet another and another 
day and night, through six days and six nights in all, 
Bernard Palissy watches by the glaring furnace, feeds it 
continually with wood, and still the enamel is unmelted. 
"Seeing it was not possible to make the said enamel melt, 
I was like a man in desperation; and although quite 
stupified with labor, I counselled to myself that in my 
mixture there might be some fault. Therefore I began 
once more to pound and grind more materials, all the time 
without letting my furnace cool. In this way I had 
double labor, to pound, grind, and maintain the tire. I 
was also forced to go again and purchase pots in order to 
prove the said compound, seeing that I had lost all the 
vessels I had made myself. And having covered the new 
pieces with the said enamel, I put them into the furnace, 
keeping the fire still at its height." 

By this time it was no easy matter to "keep the fire at 
its height." His stock of fuel was exhausted; he had no 
money to buy any more, and yet fuel must be had. On 
the very eve of success — alas! an eve that so seldom has a 
dawn — it would never do to lose it all for want of wood; 
not while wood of any kind was jsrocurable. He rushed 
into the garden, tore up the palings, the trellis work that 
supported the vines, gathered every scrap of wood he 
could find, and cast them on the fire. But soou again the 
deep red glow of the furnace began to fade, and still it 
had not done its v. ork. Suddenly a crashing noise was 
heard; his wife, the children clinging to her gown, rushed 
in. Palissy had seized the chairs and table, had torn the 
door from its hinges, wrenched the window frames from 
their sockets, and broken them in pieces to serve as fuel 
for the all-devouring fire. Now he was busy breaking up 
the very flooring of the house. And all in vain. The 
composition would not melt. 

"I suffered an anguish that I cannot speak, for I was 
quite exhausted and dried up by the heat of the furnace. 



Further to console me, I was the object of mockery; even 
those from whom solace was due, ran, crying through the 
town that I was burning my floors. In this way my 
cretlit was taken from me, and I was regarded as a mad- 
man," if not, as he tells us elsewhere, "as one seeking ill- 
gotten gains, and sold to the evil one for filthy lucre." 

He made another effort, engaged a potter to assist him, 
giving the clothes ofl' his own back to pay liim, and after- 
wards receiving aid from a friendly neighbor, and this 
time proved that his mixture was of the riglit kind. But 
the funlace having been built with mortar which was full 
of flints, burst with the heat, and the splinters adhered to 
the pottery. Sooner than allow such imperfect sijecimens 
of his art to go forth to the world, Palissy destroyed them; 
"although some would have bought them at a mean 
price." 

Better days, however, were at hand for himself and 
family. His next efforts were successful. An introduc- 
tion to the Duke of Montmorency procured him the 
patronage of that nobleman, as well as of the king. He 
now found profitable employment for himself and food for 
his family. "During the space of fifteen or sixteen years 
in all," he said afterwards, "I have blundered on at my 
business. When I had learned to guard against one 
danger, there came another on which I had not reckoned. 
All this caused me such labor and heaviness of spirit, that 
before I could render my enamels fusible at the same 
degrees of heat, I verily thought I should be at the door of 
my sepulchre But I have found nothing bet- 
ter than to observe the counsel of God, his edicts, statutes, 
ordinances; and in regard to his will; I have seen that he 
has commanded his followers to eat bread by the labor of 
tbeir bodies, and to multiply their talents which he has 
committed to them." 

When the Reformation came, Palissy was an earnest 
reformer, on Sunday mornings assembling a number of 
simple, unlearned men for religious worship, and exhort- 
ing them to good works. Court favor exempted him from 
edicts against Protestants, but could not shield him from 
popular prejudice. His workshops at Saintes were des- 
troyed; and to save his life and preserve the art he had 
invented, the king called him to Paris as a servant of his 
own. Thus he escaped the massacre of St. Bartholomew. 
Besides being a skillful potter, Palissy was a naturalist of 
no little eminence. "I have had no other book than 
heaven and earth, which are open to all." he used to say; 
but he read the wondrous volume well, while others knew 
it chiefly at second-hand, and hence his superiority to 
most of the naturalists of the day. He was in the habit 
of lecturing to the learned men of the capital on natural 
history and chemistry. When more than eighty years of 
age he was accused of heresy, and shut up in the Bastille. 
The king, visiting him in prison, said, "My good man, 
if you do not renounce your views upon religious matters, 
I shall be constrained to leave you in the hands of my 
enemies," "Sire," replied Palissy, "those who constrahi 
you, a king, can never have power over me, because I 
know how to die." Palissy lived in prison till he died, 
an old worn man, fourscore and upwards. 

Before his death his wares had become famous, and 
were greatly pjized. The enamel, wliieli he went through 
so much toil and suffering to discover, was the foundation 
of a flourishing national manufacture. 
{To be condn led.) . 



United to Christ all is heaven; separated from him all 
is hell. 



Better suffer for truth than prosper for falsehood. 



1^1 ss 



JTJ'VEITILE IIsTSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



^fu ittNitil^ itt^luaclop. 



1^: 



(^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON - - EDITOR. 

"s A T l"k DA y", FEB ij U A R Y 19," 18 7 o" 

ex)itoe.i^Xj t:eecoxjg-ects. 




E once knew a boy whose mother took 

great pains to impress upon him the folly 

of drinking intoxicating beverages. She 

wanted her boy to grow up to manhood 

_ free from the dreadfid habit of drinking 

i^O^^^^^V% beer, ale, wine and .spirits. He was but 

^ a little fellow when she commenced to 

teach him ujion this point; but her words 

sunk into his heart, and he resolved, and 

told her so, that he never would be guilty 

of this habit. 

The same boy was taught by his parents 
that tea and coffee and other drinks of that 
character were not good. He afterwards read 
what the Lord .says in tlie revelation called the 
Word of Wisdiim, in the Book of Doctrine and 
Covenants, and he saw that .his parents' teachings 
agreed with the word of the Lord. There were his 
parents' wishes and the Lord's word to induce him 
to refrain from the use of these articles, and he was confirmed 
in his re.solutions. 

His mother died while he was }-et a boy; his fiither also pas- 
sed away in less than two years afterwards. There was no 
lack of temptations to induce him to break the counsel of his 
jiarents. Often the remark was made, "a drink won't hurt 
you; why not take a little and be hke the rest of us?" But he 
did not choose to do so. His companions might drink whisk.v 
or beer, if they wanted to do so; but his mother's words of 
warning were ever present with him, and he thought it better 
to offend the comjianion who wanted him to drink, than to 
break the ))roniise he had made to her. He proved, however, 
that his refusal to drink did not cause his associates to think 
any less of him, and ho found that his firmness in resisting the 
profen-ed tem])tation had a good effect upon others. 

But you might think that he woidd uot be so particular 
al)o>it tea and coffee, and that lie would fall into the habit of 
drinking them. In the days of his youth, and after he grew 
to manliood the habit of drinking these beverages was very 
common among the Saints. But he recollected the wishes of 
liis jiarents. and no matter what comp;iny he was in, he pre- 
ferred to bo singular and unlike the rest than to fall into this 
custom. He was sent on missions; but he found that liis prac- 
ticing what the Lord taught gave him greater influence with 
the people than if he had not obeyed Him. He is now a man 
of family; and he can say to his children: "I have never drank 
a glass of liiiuor in my life; the habit of drinking tea and coffee 
I have never known; and it is bccau.se I obeyed my parents; 
chil<lren, will you do likewi.<e?" 

No boy can ever be a relialilc man who does not have fixed 
)irinci)iles and tiiiuness enough to maintain tlioni. As soon as 
boys and girls are old enough to luiderstand what is right, they 
should adojit a rule of conduct for them.«elves; and they should 
never allow com])anions to jicrsuade them to break that loile. 
They who suffer themselves to be persuaded to do things which 
their consciences tell them are wrong, grow up to be men and 
women fur whom nobody entertains any respect. 



THE Egyptians atone time imagined themselves to be the 
-*- most ancient nation upon earth. To prove this, one of the 
kings of Egypt employed a very extraordinary experiment. 
His name was Psammetichus. We do not vouch for the truth 
of the story, we merely relate it as we find it told. He com- 
manded two children, newly born of poor parents, to be 
brought up in a hovel that was to be kept constantly shut. 
One story states that they were committed to the care of 
nurses whose tongues were cut out; another states that they 
were placed in charge of a shepherd, who was to feed them 
with the milk of goats. This shepherd was commanded not 
to suffer any person to enter into this hut, nor himself to speak 
even a single word in the hearing of these children. For two 
years they were thus confined, when, one day, as the shepherck 
was entering the hut to feed them, they both cried out, with 
hands extended towards him: bet cos, btccon. They repeated 
this word frequently afterwards. The shepherd was surprised 
to hear a language that was quite new to him; for heccos was 
not an Egyptian word. He therefore sent word to the king 
that the children had spoken, but he could not understand 
what thej' said. The king ordered the children to be brought 
before him, that he him,self might be a witness to what liad 
been told him. The king's presence made no difference with 
the children, they again stammered out the word heccos. In- 
quiry was then made to learn what nation used this word; and 
it was found that the Phrj-gians called bread by that name. 
The Egyptians had for many ages claimed the glory of being 
the oldest nation upon the eaith; but after this experiment 
they felt they could claim it no longer. The first words the.se 
children spoke naturally, without being taught by man, was 
not their language, it was the language of another people. 
From that time they gave the Phrygians the honor of being 
more ancient than themselves. 

Some historians imagine that these children must have 
mimicked the goats whose milk they were fed upon; for the 
cry of these animals bears some resemblance to bee or Oeccos. 



'PPiUE education does not consist alone in a knowledge gained 
-•- from books. A man may be very learned in book know- 
ledge and yet be a great dunce in other respects and scarcely 
able to gain a living. We have seen men who could sciircely 
I'cad and write who were far better educated in the true sense 
of the word than many so-called learned men. Their know- 
ledge was of a true, every-day, useful chaiacter. They had 
educated brains and were well cultivated in other resjjects, and 
were worth any number of educated book-worms. We place a 
high value upon education of the mind by means of book learn- 
ing; but we would rather see our juveniles, if they must only 
learn one branch of education, well trained in the arts of life 
rather than to see them mere book scholars. But they need 
not he confined to anj' one branch of education. Every child 
among the Latter-day Saints should learn to work with his 
hands, as well as with his head. In learning to work with the 
hands the head shoidd not be neglected; for it is a well-estab- 
lished tiict that men who have healthy employment for their 
brains, and who keep their brains active, live longer than 
those who work with their hands alone. 



At Carislirook Castle, in the Isle of Wight, is a well 
210 feet deep and 12 wide. The interior is lined by smooth 
masonry, and, if a pin is di'0])])e(l into it, th(^ .sound ])ro- 
d need wlieu it .strikes the water, is distinctly heard. — ,S'c- 
Icctcd. 



How sweet to work all day for Qod, and then lie down 
at night beneath His smile! 



-tin 



,2crF 



'^^im 



1^' 



O'TJ^EISriLEl in^STI?/TJOTOI?/, 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



IMIOTJITT IPIL^TXJS. 




IN Switzerland there is a high mountain wliich is called 
Piiutus. It rises in gloomy grandeur from the very 
shores of Lake Lucerne, or the Lake of the Four Forest 
Cantons, 
and its 
height is 
7,000 feet 
above the 
sea. 1 1 is 
the fore- 
most in the 
Alpine 
chain of the 
north, and 
the clouds 
del ight to 
gather 
about it. 
The Lake is 
very subject 
to storms of 
f ri g h tf ul 
violence, 
and they 
nearly al- 
^yays come 
from the di- 
rec lion of 
of old Pila- 
tus. T h i s 
mountain is 
said to have 
derived its 
name from 
Pontius 
Pilate, who 
was driven 
away from 
Rome, be- 
c a m e a 
wretched 
wanderer in 
S w i t z e r- 
laiid or Hel- 
vetia, as it 
was then 
called, a 
very w i 1 d 
coun try in 
those diiys— 
and finally, 
in the hor- 
rors of a 
guilty con- 
science, 
plunged 
from one of 
the crags of 



bottom of them all, and that the Lake would never be safe 
until his troubled spirit was put at rest. And so strictly 
"•IS the ascent of this mountain forbidden, that a natural- 
ist, Gessner, 
had to ob- 
tain a spe- 
cial license 
to p u rsue 
his investi- 
g a t i o n s 
there, ft 
was once 
tho't that 
1 f any hu- 
man being 
intruded 
upon the 
mountain, 
a storm 
would be 
sure to fol- 
1 o w. But 
now any 
person can 
ascend Pi- 
latus who 
wishes to do 
s o. T h e 
people have 
changed 
their opin- 
ion about 
Pilate's spi- 
iit causing 
the stoims. 
This Lake 
was a famil- 
iar place to 
W i 1 1 i a m 
1 ell, the 
hero of 
Switzer- 
land. He 
was as skill- 
ful in man- 
aging a boat 
IS he was in 
shooting 
with the 
cross bow, 
I n d his 
tame was 
widely 
Iv n o w 11. 
After he had 
shot an ap- 
l>le from his 
son's head 




[THE SAATITZES^'S Xa:OiyE:E:--S'ce 2^age 2.J.] 



tlie mouuiiin into the Lake and perished. On this account j by order of the tyrant Clesslor, an arrow, which he liiid 
it has been called Pllatas. So m;aiy are the stoims which ' concealed in bis clothes, dropped, and the tyrant asked wliy 
come down fnmi this point, that the pooi.le who dwell on [ he liad liid.len it. He rei.li.d, that with that arrow lie 
the shores of the Lake supposed that Pilate was at the i had intended to shoot him if his son had been slam. This 



iYl- 




1^7^ 30 



J TJ "V" E IN- 1 1-. E IltTSTI^XrOTOI?/. 



enraged Gessler, aud he boimd hiru iu chains aud started 
down the Lake to carry him prisoner to a dungeon in a 
distant castle. A furious storm broke upon them. Gess- 
ler and his men could not manage the boat, and they were 
in danger of being lost. He ordered Tell to be released, 
to guide the little vessel. He ran it to the bank, jumped 
ashore, aud escaiied. Before Gessler reached his castle, 
Tell had waylaid him, aud sent an arrow to his heart. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor, 






THE 




'k 



I UNN presented an order from Governor 
Ford for all the State arms in posses- 
sion of the Nauvoo Legion. This order 
Joseph immediately countersigned. 
He also addressed a letter to the 
Governor, stating that he had met 
Captain Dunn, learned his errand, and 
had concluded to return to Nauvoo with 
him to see that the delivery was properly 
made; after which, he should accompany 
him to Carthage and cheerfully submit to 
any requisition of the Governor's. 

In alluding to this action of Ford's we 
can not find language to express the frightful 
baseness of his conduct. In the midst of an 
armed mob whom he knew to be thirsting for 
the blood of Joseph and the people of Nauvoo, 
he could not be ignorant of what the eflect would 
be of taking away the arms of the Legion. He 
not only wanted them disbanded, but disarmed. Disbanded 
men, if they had arms, were still capable of banding to- 
gether and defending themselves, or of avenging any out- 
rage that might be committed on the persons of their 
leaders. It was not safe, therefore, to suffer them to have 
any arms that could be taken from them. He wished them 
to be made as defenceless and helpless as possible; and 
could he have had the power, he would have had them tied 
hand and foot and laid at the feet of the mob for tliem to 
wreak their bloody vengeance upon them free from dan- 
ger. But even if they should refuse to give up the State 
arms, and attempt any overt act, he hoped still to have 
them in his power: he could call their actions treason, 
and thou he would have an excuse for letting loose his 
mob militia upon them, and their destruction would be 
."ure. Was ever conduct more cold-blooded and devilish 
than this? History may be searched iu vain for a greater 
instance of perfidy in a man who held no greater power 
than Ford did. If he had possessed the power of a Nero 
or an Ahab, his acts would have exceeded theirs in atro- 
city and cruelty. 

It was with reluctance that the men gave up their arms. 
They would, of course, have done anything that Joseph 
requested of tliem. But they looked upon this as a trap. 
Tliey had been required to give up their arms in Far West, 
and they knew what followed; and they thought this deliv- 
ery on this occasion was for the purpose of leaving them in a 
condition that their foes could kill them. Joseph rode 
down home twice to bid his family farewell. He appeared 
solemn and thoughtful, and he said to several individuals 
that he expected to be murdered. The expression of his 
countenance, as lie was about to leave his house, is as 
vividly impressed on the writer's mind to-day as if, in- 



stead of it being twenty-six years ago, it were but yester- 
day. His face was pale, even for him whose countenatice 
never wore a high color, and there was a look of mental 
suffering on his features that must have pained all who 
knew and loved him. He looked like a man who knew 
he was going to certain death. Just before mounting his 
horse to ride away, he had some conversation with a man 
who was at the Mansion, we understood at the time he 
was a lawyer, and asked him to go with him. He refused. 
Joseph repeated his request, offering him his favorite 
horse, "Joe Duncan," to ride; but he persisted in his re- 
fusal. We were a boy at the time; but we felt indignation 
at his not complying with Joseph's repeated desire; his 
conduct appeared unfeeling. 

Joseph doubtless felt, as matters had then turned, that 
he must give himself up, let the consequences be what 
they might, or the inhabitants of the city would be des- 
troyed by a lawless mob, under the sanction of the Gover- 
nor. He had stood in the post of danger always, the 
brunt of the battle had fallen upon him, and his breast had 
been continually exposed to the shafts of the wicked. He 
would not falter or shrink now. Had the people valued 
him as they should have done, he might have been spared 
much difficulty and suffering. In the present instance, 
had they been fully awake to his peril, they would have 
used every effort to prevent him from going to Carthage 
and placing himself in the power of the worse than wild 
beasts who were there. Better, far better, would it have 
been for the people to have permitted Joseph to go away, 
and borne whatever vengeance the Governor would have 
seen proper to have visited upon them than to have had 
him murdered. But had Joseph been kept in safety, aud 
the Governor and his crew had become convinced that he 
was beyond their reach, we are morally certain the storm 
would have passed over and the people and city would not 
have suffered. There was a feeling among the Saints that 
Joseph was to live. He had been in many troubles before 
and had escaped in safety, and it was presumed that 
he would also on this occasion. The people, however, 
learned, by sad experience, that though this is the last 
dispensation, the wicked are permitted to kill prophets 
and apostles now as well as in ancient days. Has the 
church profited by the lesson? Do its members value the 
life of God's prophet, whom they have to lead them to- 
day, more than they do their own selfish desires? Would 
they, should difficulty ever arise, prefer standing in the 
gap themselves than to have him do so? We sincerely 

hope they would. 

{To be continued.) 



A SMALL privateer of forty or fifty men, having on board 
some hives made of earthenware, full of bees, was pursued 
by a Turkish galley manned by five hundred seamen and 
soldiers. As soon as the latter came alongside, the crew 
of the privateer mounted the rigging with their hives, and 
hurled them down on the deck of the galley. The Turks, 
astonished at this novel mode of warliire, and unable to 
defend themselves from the stings of the enraged bees, be- 
came so terrified that they thought of nothing but how to 
escape their fury; while the crew of the small vessel, 
defended by masks and gloves, fiew upon their enemies, 
sword in hand, and captured the vessel almost without 
resistance. — 6'elected. 

It is found that, at Philadelphia, the mean velocity of 
the wind, during the entire year, is eleven miles per hour; 
nine miles in summer and fourteen in winter. At Toronto 
its annuil velocity is nine miles per hour. The mean 
velocity of the wind at sea is estimated at eighteen miles 
per hour, — Loomis, 






-3^. 




9mi 

ar 



^i 



J" TJ ^ E ISr I L E IILTSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



31 



"O 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



OUR first duty, after securing lodgings, was to repair to 
a convenient mountain, on tlie top of which we 
found a steep linob that rose suddenly and formed a table 
of thirty or thirty-flve feet in width. On the way up we 
picked up a rocli apiece, with which we formed a rude 
altar. We then sung a hymn, and each one, in his turn, 
expressed his desires. The oldest, who was also the presi- 
dent, was selected to be mouth in prayer. He embodied 
our desires in his prayer. They were that the Lord would 
make a speedy work on those islands, open an eflectual 
door for the preaching of the gospel, confound all opposers, 
help us to gather out the honest-in-heart, and spare our 
lives to return home in safety. Having thus dedicated 
the land and ourselves to the Lord, one of the Elders 
spoke in tongues and uttered many comforting promises, 
and another interpreted. The spirit of the Lord rested 
powerfully upon us, and we were filled with exceedina 
great joy. I had the satisfaction, afterward, of witnessing 
the fulfilment of the promise made on that occasion. The 
sun was sinking low in the heavens when we got through. 
Our descent was quickly made, for we felt joyful, and 
when men are joyful and the spirit of God rests upon 
them, they feel lithe and active. We had been in the 
presence of the Lord, and had felt His power, and why 
should we not be happy? 

The president of the mission had chosen as his compan- 
ion the next oldest man. The most suitable jjlace for 
them to remain at, we all felt, was Honolulu. But what 
must the rest do? Scatter among the other Is lands, or 
retuain on that Island — Oahu — until they learned more 
of the condition of aflairs? It was decided that to go to 
the various islands would be the wisest \>\an. There were 
four islands of importance yet to be occupied, and there 
were eight of us remaining. But who were to be partners, 
and how should we decide which island each couple 
should go to? The president did not like to pair us off, 
nor to say which of the islands we should go to; but he 
consented, with his imrtner, to select four out of the eight 
to preside, one on each of the islands. We withdrew 
while they discussed this matter, and made this selection. 
To my great surprise, when we returned, I found that I 
was chosen as one of the four. Never in my life did I 
feel my weakness more sensibly than on that occasion. I 
was the youngest of the party and felt that I was the least 
able of all to perform the duties assigned me. 

The next thing was to select partners and islands; and 
how do you think we did this? You read in the Bible 
about easting lots. We east lots. Four pieces of paper 
were marked: One, two, three and four. The one who 
drew one had the first choice of partners; so with the 
second, third and fourth numbers. Then the islands were 
marked on slips of paper in the same manner, and we 
drew for them. Number one fell to my lot. I had the 
first choice. My mind had not rested on any one as my 
choice for partner, and I was at a loss for a few moments 
whom to select. Then the spirit of the Lord plainly told 
me to choose Bro. J. K. I did so. I was both surprised 
and pleased at the manner in which he received my choice; 
for being so young, and he so much my senior, I had 
thought that he would prefer a partner of more mature 
years and experience. He afterwards told me that when 
the four were chosen, and he found that I was one of them, 
he had slipped out and prayed to the Lord that I might 
be led to select him to go with me. His prayer was hoard 
and answered, and we both were gratified. 



In casting lots for islands Maui fell to us. When we 
were sailing past it my feelings were drawn towards that 
island, and I felt that I would like that to be my field of 
labor. I know not why this should have been so, except 
that the Lord gave me the feeling, for I knew nothipg 
concerning it that would make it a desirable place in my 
eyes. My joy was very great that evening, because of 
these precious manifestations of God's goodness. I felt 
that He was near at hand to hear and answer prayer, and 
to grant the righteous desires of our hearts; and how 
could we doubt His providence for and care over us in the 
future? 

Children, I know of no feeling that can fill the human 
breast with such unspeakable happiness, joy and confi- 
dence as faith in God. If God be with us who can be 
against us? 

(To be continued.) 



The ingenuity of private enterprise in baffling govern- 
mental taxation upon trade is inexhaustible. At one 
period a great deal of lace was smuggled into France, from 
Belgium, by means of dogs trained for the purpose. A 
dog was caressed and petted at home, fed on the fat of the 
land, thence, after a season, sent across the frontier, where 
he was tied up, half starved, and ill treated. The skin of 
a bigger dog was then fitted to his body, and the interven- 
ing space filled with lace. The dog was then allowed to 
escape, and make his way home, where he was kindly 
welcomed with his contraband charge. The custom- 
house officials, at length getting scent of the practice, 
made an exterminating war upon the dogs; and, by offer- 
ing a bounty of three francs apiece for their destruction, 
they got rid of 49,278 dogs from 1820 to ISSe.— Selected. 



Perhaps one of the most delicious pieces of diplomatic 
affectation on record is the letter of introduction given by 
the Spanish sovereigns to Columbus, to be delivered to the 
potentates of the world he was going to discover. It runs 
as follows: 
Ferdinand and Isabella to King : 

The sovereigns have heard that he and his subjects 
entertain great love for tliem and for Spain. They are, 
moreover, informed that he and his subjects very much 
wish to hear news from Spain, and send, therefore, their 
admiral Ch. Columbus, who will tell them that they are 
in good health and perfect prosperity. 

Granada, April 30, 1492. 

Selected. 



ic:issi3sra- thle sj^-bit. 



Little rosebud mouth, 

Sweet as sweet can be ! 
Can you kiss me, now? 

Darling let me see. 
Pearly feet be still, 

That will never do! 
Papa's very eyes ! 

Oh, the bonny blue ! 

Round my neck awhile 

Dimpled arms you lay; 
Cheek upon my own — 

That's the pretty way ! 
Little mouth to mine — 

Baby, dou't you know? 
Now a loving kiss — 

So ! and so ! and — so ! 



Selected, 



& 



!!■ 



^ 32 



f 



ft 



^^X 



vJ TJ "^T E ITI nL. E IIsrSTI?.TJOTOI?/ 



»( 



[For the Juvenile Instrvctor. 



A TEACHER in one of our Sabbath schools, pome few 
weeks since, asl^ed liis pupils to write, and bring to 
bim on the following Sunday, a list of the blessings they 
ought to thank God for. The next Sabbath quite a num- 
ber of the scholars handed him their "pieces," which we 
have had the pleasure of perusing. We deem them 
liighly creditable to the faith and good sense of the little 
writers, and have selected a few, to present to the readers 
of the Juvenile Instructou. The first is the composi- 
tion of a young lady, and runs as follows: — 

"We should be thankful that we live iu this day and age of 
the world. 

"We should be thankful that our parents are in the Church 
of Christ. 

"We should be thankful for being permitted to dwell with 
the Saints of (jod in the valleys of tlie mountains. 

"We should be thankful for having ^u^;h a man as President 
Brighaui Young to lead us iu the paths of truth and right- 
eousness. 

•'We should be thankful that the Lord has preserved us 
from the power of our enemies. 

"We should be thauklul for having the spirit of God with 
us at all times. 

"We should be thankful for having the privilege of having 
a place to worship God, according to the dictates of our own 
consciences, 

"W« should be tbankfu' for having Sunday and day schools 
to go to, where we can be taught the things of God, and all 
else that will be for our good. 

"We should be thauktul for such a beautiful city to live in, 
for conilortable homes, plenty to eat and to wear, and so many 
of the comforts of lile. A. M." 

The next is also the work of one of our little sisters: — 

"I ought to thank God for having a bemg upon the earth; 
for kind parent-s to train me and send me to school, and for 
kind teachers to instruct me wlide 1 am at school, 

"For having a house to live iu; a tire to add to the comforts 
of home; food to sustain my body and clothes to wear. 

-"For the sun that shines by day, and the moo-n and stars by 
night; for ralii to luoisteu the earth and make plants grow. 

"For having these peaceful valleys of the mountains to 
dwell in, and for the enjoyment of health and strength. 

"And, lastly, 1 ought to be thankful for everything. 

H. P." 

Our la-st is from the pen of a little boy. No one who 
reads it need be told that his years do not number many 
on earth. 

"I am thankful to my Heavenly Father for:— a father and 
mother; kind brothers and sisters; a house to live in; food to 
eat; clolhiii^ to wear; water to drink; lain to water the land; 
the sun that shittes; the fruit trees; tlie birds of the air; the 
c<iws that xive nalk; the hens that lay eggs; the llow^rs to 
perlume the air; the sheep that give wool; a tiro to keep me 
warm; a bed to rest on; the ligiit of the gospel; my home in 
this valley; the peace that prevails here; and evorv blessing I 
enjoy. W. R. P." 

Perhaps some of our little readers could follow this 
e.\amplc with profit to themselves, and write down what 
they deem they should be thankful to (Jod for. It will 
t;ike them but a few moments to decide that life, with 
every blessing that attends it, is the free gift of our Father 
fn Heaven, nnd in the words of one of our little friends, 
"ux' should thank God for everything." 

G. It. 



"As white as snow," is one of the most familiar of all 
comparisons, and yet in the Arctic regions, and in certain 
mouulainous districts, huge tracts of red ;-iiow are to be 
founcL The color Is proiluccil by an immense multitu<le 
of microsoopic plants, consisting only of gelatinous cells, 
which give a pink color to the snow, and which, when 
pressed together, leave a stain as if of blood. This jilant 
is found upon moist rocks, and, when ir. that position, is 
green. Hy some the change of color, with change of loca- 
tion, is lliought to be due ttj the tdlict of the white of tin; 
snow u|)ou the light. 



IDISOB EPI EISrOE. 

By the gate of the garden, near the wood, 
A brother and sister together stood. 
"Bnyond the gate you are not to roam," 
Their mother had said as she quitted home; 
But, tired of playing within the bound, 
Frank opened the gate and they looked around. 
"O Jessie," he cried, "how I long to go 
To play for awhile in the wood below!" 

"But, Frankie, what did our mother say?" 
Said the little one tempted to go astray. 
"She thought in the wood we might get harmed," 
Said Frank; "but we need not be alarmed; 
There is nothing to hurt us, and oh! just see 
That beautiful squirrel on yonder tree!" 
And away ran Frank to the green retreat, 
While Jessie followed with flying feet. 

They chased the squirrel with langb and shout. 
They gathered the (lowers and played about; 
And then as they feared it was getting late. 
Returned unhurt to the garden gate. 
No questions were asked, and nobody knew 
What Frank and Jessie had dared to do, 
Till Saturday night, as they sat alone, 
Frank, to bis mother, the truth made known. 

"Bat, mother," he said "tho' we went in the wood 
We got no harm, as you thought we should; 
Into the water we did not fall, 
Nor did we injure our clothe« at all." 
"My son," was the answer, "it may be so. 
Yet something you lost in the wood, I know; 
Think well, and then tell me," the mother said. 
As she laid her hand on Fraukie's head. 



"My knife, my ball, my pence," thought he, 
"I have them all safe— and what could it be? 
I know," at length he said with a start — 
"I have lost the happy out of my heart! 
I have not felt easy since then," he sighed, 
"And I coulu not be merry, although I tried. 
Mother, I'm certain not all my play 
Made up for the loss that I had that day!" 



Selected. 



An artesian well in Louisville, Kentucky, has a depth 
of 2,086 feet; one in St. Louis has a depth of 12,200 feet; 
while that of Columbus, Ohio, is 2,575 feet deep. The 
boring at Columbus indicates an increase of temperature 
of one degree Fall, for every 71 feet; that at Louisville 
gives an increase of one degree for every 70 feet. — Looinis. 



During sea-voyages the nativesof the Malay Archipela- 
go make use of a water-clock. This is a very ingenious 
contrivance, which measures time well in both rough 
weather and fine. It is simply a bucket half-filled with 
water, in which floats the half of a well-scraped cocoanut 
shell. In the bottom of this shell is a very small hole, so 
that when placed to float in a bucket, a fine thread of 
water scpiirts up into it. This gradually fills the shell, 
and the size of the hole is so .ailjusted to the capacity of the 
vessel that, exactly at the end of au hour, plump it goes to 
the bottom. 

CrXJVEiTIIjE IITSTByXJGTOS?y 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 

CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR 3c PUBLISHER. 

ffivgle Copy, per Annum ^I 00. 

Sinijle dopij, for iSix Months 1 M. 

«»f;iMin ljriMi„'lit to lliln rity for till- .HiVFNH.l'. iNSTHIKTon will be 
lecLivcd at tho olli.u uf our iiajMr— Desickkt Ni.ws BciLDiMis. 



IS 



'^1J- 



9 



i 



^ 



