
EQLIXES8 TO TEE LQBD. 

r 




VOL. XIV. 



SALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, 1879. 



NO. 9. 



PYRAMID SCIENCE 



IN the last Dumber of the INSTRUCTOR the outside of a 
pyramid was represented as seen from the front of one of 
its sides. We now show an ideal section of a pyramid as it 
would appear when cut through from its nonh to its south 
side. Thus may be seen the iuteror chamber?, or galleries, 
of the Great Pyramid of Glzeh, which has an entrance (B) to 
a long passage on its north side. This leads down to a subter- 
ranean chamber! A) below the center of the base of the build- 
ing. At a distance from the opeuing there is an ascending 



to be the depisitorii s of the secrets of Deity as revealed 
to man. 

It would be impossible to give more than a brief outline of 
all that is made known by pyramid interpreters in a short 
article, as volumes have been written on this subject by able 
and honest men; nor does it seem likely that the story the 
pyramid tells will soon come to an end, as it relates to the 
universe, of which this little world we live on is only a speck 
in the midst of the boundless creations. 







pa sago ' l>i I'rnrii which, at different bight , there nro horizontal 

passage" leading '" two dith-ronl chambers in the pyramid. 

One of these chamber* hi culled the "king's chamber," the 
other i< known as the "queen's chamber,'' which is Dot here 
represented; but these are merely uaroes given for the rake 

of distinguishing l hem from each other. 

These chambers' and passages appear 10 h»VC I purport 

of deeper significance than that id' being dwelling places 
for prince?. They reveal to us that they were designed 



h'our thousand years before this Church of .1, sus Christ of 
Latter-da; Saints was organized is the epoch assigned by 
eminent scientists li r the building of the Great Pyramid of 
<; / li. What an event was then foreshadowed! For forty 
centuries tlu.t spire was pointing to I he skies, silently testify 
ing to man that the true source of intelligence is in the 

heavens. 

When Napoleon pointed to i hat. building to animate his 
so'diers, and uttered the memorable words: "Forty centuries 



o 



% 



^\ 



98 



JUTBUILE I1TSTRUCTOR. 




look down upon you from the pyramids!" he knew not that 
the great pyramid was designated to Le "an altar to the Lord 
in the midst of the land of Egypt," as Isaiah, the prophet, 
had declared it should be, "and for a witness unto the Lord of 
hosts." Not only was it a witness of Napoleon who had 
invaded the land of Egypt, but it was to be a witness unto 
the Lord. 

It was in the year 2170 before the birth of our Savior that this 
pyramid was built, and the galleries of the building itself 
prophetically symbolize that grand event. It also makes 
known all the important epochs relating to the Hebrew and 
Christian dispensations. It moreover makes known the 
relation of our solar system to the great central system of 
the universe, as revealed to us in the Book of Abraham. It 
makes known the exact periods of immense cycles of time, 
the precession of the equinoxes and other celestial phenomena. 
It reveals to us 'the exact measure of the heavens and of the 
earth. And, although amid a thousand things interpreted by 
honest men familiar with pyramid science, they have not as 
yet discovered the prophetic symbol of the pyramid which 
tells of the restoration of the gospel, it tells its own story 
intelligibly to us, and it will yet be determined; for, on the 6th 
of April, 1830, this Church was organized, making exactly 
4000 years from the generally accepted date of the building of 
the great pyramid, the object of which the prophet declares 
is to be "a witness unto the Lord." 

As to the dimensions of the great pyramid, it is the largest 
building in the world; and as its proportions are explanatory 
of many important truths these will form the subject of a 
future article. 



CONVERSATION 



BY II. C. 



CC( (NVERSATION is the index to character. Nothing so 
Strongly indicates the man of pure, wholesome thought, as 
habitual purity of speech. By his conversation among his own 
kind, yon may always pretty accurately form an opinion as to 
the true moral worth of the man; for it is there, where no re- 
straint i- MippuM'd to be placed upon his word, that you may 
reach into the recessesof his mind and discover his undisguised 
character. It' he gives way to looseness of discourse; or if his 
mind wanders to the discussion of subjects unfit for mixed eoui- 
pany or respectabl :ietj ; or if he habituates himself to vul- 
garity and profanity, you may justly marl: him as one with whom 
yon should not associate. 

We musl not, however, be too hasty in forming ouropinion 
of a stranger, but scan closely the true sentiments of his lan- 
guage, for in tin-in will his real i naracter appear. The man 
who, in company, is quiet and reserved, is not always the most 
harmless nor does he always bear the be I character abroad. 
Modesty is ;i guise thai sin often assumes, to effect its own vile 
ends. We may accept as a pn rule that the one who 

at all times and under ill circumstances, deports himself gen- 
tlemanly, and a!i-t i.n- from vulgarity and profane language, 
will do tn rely nj 

Seeing these are 'obvious facts, let us cultivate mir speech, 
and eh' k.im' pure who!' e in all our conversation, 

and we will establish a g I charai tei an i be respected by all 

our associates. Impure thorn lits lead to vulgar language, and 



indulgence 

actions. 



these alni"-t I , leads to 



P 



iograghg- 



JOS3PH SMITH, 
HP IR, O IIP IS IK! T _ 



TIHIIE 



( Continued. ) 



IN November, 1843, Joseph wrote letters to the various can- 
didates for Presidency of the United States, to inquire what 
i heir feelings'were toward us as a people, and what their course of 
action would be, in relation to the cruelty and oppression that 
the Saints suffered from the State of Missouri. The names of 
these candidates were John C. Calhoun, Lewis Cass, Richard 
M. Johnson, Henry Clay and Martin Van Buren. 

The reply of John C. Calhoun was characteristic. He was 
the foremost or most prominent advocate in the nation of the 
doctrine of State Rights. Joseph, in speaking of this doctrine, 
once said: 

"The State Rights doctrines arc what feed mobs. They are 
a dead carcass — a stink, and they shall ascend up as a stink 
offering in the nose of the Almighty. 

"They shall be oppressed as they have oppressed us, not by 
'Mormons,' but by others in power. They shall drink a drink 
offering, the bitterest dregs, not from the 'Mormons,' but from 
a meaner source than themselves. God shall curse them." 

Calhoun's letter was brief. He said that if he should be 
elected, he would strive to administer the Government accord- 
ing to the Constitution and the laws of the Union; and that as 
they make no distinction between citizens of different religious 
creeds, he should make none. "But," he continued, "as 
you refer to the case of Missouri, candor compels me to 
repeat what I said to you at AVashington, that, according to 
my views, the case does not come within the jurisdiction of 
the Federal Government, which is one of limited and specific 
powers." 

Joseph wrote a reply to his letter, in which he so thoroughly 
exposed Calhoun's sophistry, that wherever it was read — and 
it was very widely circulated — men were struck by the contrast 
between the narrow, sectional doctrines which Calhoun advanced 
respecting the powrrs of the Federal Government, and the 
broad, patriotic and truly national views which Joseph advo- 
cated. Joseph was aroused, and the nohle scorn which he felt 
for the politician's tricks is breathed in every line of his reply. 

He commenced by stating that, in order that Calhoun and 
his friends might not be disappointed as to him or his mind 
upon so grave a subject, he wishel to be permitted, as a law- 
abiding man, as a well-wisher to the perpetuity of constitutional 
rights and liberty, and as a friend to the free worship of Al- 
mighty God by all, according to the dictates of every person's 
own conscience, to say he was surprised that a man or men in 
the highest stations of public life should have made up such a 
fragile view of a case, than which there was not one on the 
face of the globe fraught with more consequence to the happi- 
ness of men in this world or the world to come. 

The first paragraph of his letter, he said, appeared very com- 
placent and fair on a white sheet of paper. But who, that 
was ambitious for greatness and power, would not have said the 
same thing? His oath would bind him to support the Consti- 
tution and laws; but why, he asked, are all the principal men 
held up for public stations so cautiously careful not to publish 
to the world that they will judge a righteous judgment, law or 
no law? for, said he, laws and opinions, like the vanes of 








CTTJ^EnsriLE! IUSTBUCTOB, 




steeples, change with the wind. One Congress passes a law, 
another repeals it, one statesman says that the Constitution 
means this, and another that; and who does not know that all 
may be wrong? 

He then took up what he said about the Federal Government 
being one of limited aud specific powers, and inferred that, if 
Mr. Calhoun's view was correct, a State could at any time ex- 
pel any portion of her citizens with impunity, and, though 
their cause be ever so just, Government could do nothing for 
them, because it would have no power. 

He then said: 

"Go on, then, Missouri; after another set of inhabitants (as 
the Latter-day Saints did) have entered some two or three hun- 
dred thousand dollars' worth of land, and made extensive improve- 
ments thereon. Go on, then, I say; banish the occupants or 
owners, or kill them, as the mobbers did many of the Latter- 
day Saints, and take their land and property as spoil; and let 
the Legislature, as in the case of the 'Mormons,' appropriate 
a couple of hundred thousand dollars to pay the mob for doing 
that job; for the renowned Senator from South Carolina, Mr. 
J. C. Calhoun, says the powers of the Federal Government 
are so specific and limited that it has no jurisdiction of thecase! 
ye people who groan under the oppression of tyrants! — ye 
exiled Poles, who have felt the iron hand of Russian grasp! — 
ye poor and unfortunate among all nations! come to the a>y'.um 
of the oppressed; buy ye lands of th° General Government; 
pay in your money to thj treasury to strengthen the army and 
the navy; worship God according to the dictates of your own 
conscience-; pay in your taxes to support the great heads of a 
glorious nation: but remember a ' Sovereign State' is so much 
more powerful than the United States, the parent Government, 
that it can exile you at pleasure, mob you with impunity, con- 
fiscate your lands and property, have the Legislature sanction 
it — yea, even murder you as an edict of an emperor, and it 
does no wrong; for the noble Senator of South Carolina says 
the power of the Federal Government is so limited and specific 



of till 



What think ye of 



that it has no jurisdiction oj 
imperium in imperio? * 

"If the General Government has no power to reinstate ex- 
pelled citizens to their rights, there is a monstrous hypocrite 
fed and fostered from the hard earnings of the people! A 
real 'bull beggar' upheld by sycophants. . '■ * Yet 

remember, if the Latter-day Saints are not restored to all their 
rights and paid for all their losses, according to the known 
rules of justice and judgment, reciprocation and common hon- 
esty among men, that G >d will come out of his hiding place, 
and vex this nation with a sore vexation: yea, the consuming 
wrath of an offended Cod shall smoke through the nation 
with as much distress and woe as independence has blazed 
through with pleasure and delight. * ' * * * 

"Congress has power to protect the nation against foreign 
invasion and internal broil; and whenever that body passes an 
act to maintain right with any power, or to restore right to 
any portion of her citizen-, it is the 61 imikmk LAW OP THE 
LAMP; anil should a State refuse submission, that State is 
guilty of insurrection or rrlnUion, and the President has as 
much power to repel it a- Washington had to march against 
the 'whi.-ky hoys, at 1'ittsburg,' or General Jacks hi had to semi 
an armed force to suppress the rebellion of South Carolina." 



Kindness seems to know of tome secret fountain of joy 

in the soul which it can touch, without revealing its locality, 
i\ and cause to -end its waters upward and overflow the heart. 



MEXICANS IN COLORADO 



BY J. HOUGAARD. 

Written from Manassa, Conejos Co., Col, April \-ith, 1879. 

THINKING that an item of news from this part of the coun- 
try would, perhaps, not be uninteresting to the readers of 
the Instructor, I take the liberty of sending a few lines. 

About one hundred and fifty Latter-day Saints, who have 
principally come from the Southern States, are now living in 
this large, beautiful valley, called the San Louis Valley. It 
is situated iu the southern part of Colorado and northern part 
of New Mexico. It is about one hundred and forty miles 
long, north and south, by from thirt3'-five to forty miles wide, 
east and west. There is a great deal of farming and meadow 
land, and plenty water for inigation: but the climate is rather 
cold and windy, owing to the great altitude of the valley, it 
being from 7, 000 to 7, 500 feet above the level of the sea. 

The people we live among are principally Mexicans, who are 
a mixture of the Spanish and Indians, and of a little lighter 
complexion than the latter. They are not naturally bad or 
wicked, but are kept in gross ignorance and superstition by 
their leaders, the priests, by whom they can be made to do 
almost anything. 

Nearly all the Mexicans here ' elong to the Catholic Church. 
They have an order, or organization, among them called the 
Penitents, or Brotherhood of Pity, the members of which 
have some very strange and psculiar, and I might truly say, 
ridiculous, manners and customs. From the beginning of 
Lent to the end thereof, every Friday, they punish and torture 
themselves in various ways, thinking thereby to please God 
and get forgiveness for their sins. While engaged in these 
practices they wear ma>ks or ve'ls over their faces, so as to be 
unknown; strip themselves nearly naked, cutugly gashes in their 
bodies with sharp black flint; ar.d whip themselves with switches 
made from soap weed willows and iron vine, till their blood 
sometimes runs down to their heels. They have houses or 
lodges where tl ey assemble, going through what is called relig- 
ious ceremonies, such as kneeling before wooden images of their 
own constitution, and imploring them to intercede before the 
throne of grace for a pardon of their past sins and transgressions. 
Close to these lodges they erect large wooden crosses, where 
they crucify one another in imitation of the crucifixion of 
our Savior. They do not use nails or spikes, however, but tie 
(heir nearly naked bodies to these crosses with hair ropes, 
remaining in that position till they are nearly dead, in fact, 
some of them do, at times, kill themselves while going through 
all these mameuvres; and such are, of course, considered 
martyrs to the faith, and supposed to go right into eternal 
glory and happiness. 

The week just passed is called by them the holy week, during 
which these practices are kept up every day and night, more 
or less. 

Put. I fear I shall become tedious, so I will close. 

How happy and thankful should the children and people 
of Utah feel, at having the true principles of life and salvation 
revealed unto them! They teach us not to make ourselves 
ini.-erable and wretched like these poor and ignorant Mexicans, 
of whom I have spoken; but to make ourselves and one another 
happy, comfortable and contented in this life, and how to 

prepare for life everlasting. 

I hope the children and young people of Zion will more fully 
learn to appreciate the great privileges they enjoy, and make 
good use of the same. 



^1 



~r 




lOO 



JTJTEITILE IUSTBTJCTOR. 




THE 



PROMULGATION 
GOSPEL. 



OF THE 



BY JOS. H. PARRY. 

OX the 15th of May, 1829, Joseph Smith, jun., and Oliver 
Cowdery were ordained to the Aaronie Priesthood by John 
the Baptist. Subsequently, they were ordained to the Apostle- 
ship by Peter, James and John, the ancient Apostles of Jesus 
Christ. 

The Church was organized April 6th, 1S30. In Feb., 1835, 
the quorum of the Twelve Apostles was organized, and the 
organization of the quorum of Seventies was commenced. 
Since that time the gospel has been preached in all the 
countries of the world wherever it would be received and our 
Elders tolerated. Much preaching has been and is still being 
done in the United States, Great Britain, Denmark, Norway, 
Sweden, Switzerland and in some of the islands of the Pacific; 
and a few thousand of the honest in heart have been gathered 
tip Zion. 

But little as yet has been done in Germany, Holland, France, 
Italy, Austria, Belgium, Russia, Spain, Portugal, Canada, 
Mexico, Central America, the South American Republics, or 
the vast countries of Asia and Africa. And when it is remembered 
that in the countries where the most preaching has been done, 
the work seems hardly begun, some idea of the vastness of the 
labor yet to be accomplished may be formed. 

The gospel delivered by the angel to the Prophet Joseph, 
was "to be preached to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, 
and people." Jesus gave it as one of the signs of the end 
when "this Gospel of the Kingdom shall be preached in all 
the world t'< >r a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end 
come. ' The priesthood was conferred upon Joseph and his 
brethren, that this work might be consummated. God has 
placed in the Church, Apostles. Seventies and Elders, one of 
whose special duties it is to carry the glad tidings of the gospel 
tu the nations of the earth who are now ignorant of the true 
plan of salvation, and whomust be warned of the coining judg- 
ments and calamities, which are already beginning to fall upon 
them. 

God has set His hand for the last time to ransom His people 
and bring about His great purposes; and will gather His elect 
from the four corners of the earth, ere the great and dreadful 
day i if the Lord come. 

There are to-day in the Church thousands of Seventies and 
Elders. These callings were not bestowed upon us for our good 
only, neither to suit our own purposes, nor to bestow honor 
upon us, but that we might assist our Heavenly Father in 
bringing about the redemption of His people from all the world. 
It is for this purpose that we see quorums of Seventies and 
Elders organized throughout Zion. who are subject to the call 
of the Apostles to go forth and preach the gospel to all nations. 
It is i'>,r tlii- great and noble purpose that we see Sunday 
schools, Primary, and Mutual Improvement Associations organ- 
ized in every settlement of the Saint-, that the young may be 
taught in the principles of eternal life, and be prepared when 
they become older to carry the same to all nations. 

We are engaged in the cause of God, with the Savior, in 
rescuing mankind from sin, darkness and eternal misery; and 
common feelings of humanity, if naught else, demand that we 
be up and doing, acquitting ourselves like men, valiantly 
battling for truth and the right. 

President Taylor, in addressing the Saints on a recent occasion, 
said: "We have not hvm gathered from Babylon to these 
mountains, and blessed with the priesthood and oracles of God, 



to suit our own purposes, but to accomplish God's purposes." 
Jesus said, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and his right- 
eousness, and all things shall be added unto you." We 
are not here to spend our lives entirely in following up trades, 
or opening up farms, but our great duties are to preach the 
gospel in all the earth, and build up the kingdom of God. 
The nations are ripening in iniquity, and we must warn them to 
repent, or else answer for their blood, as the Lord tells the 
Prophet Ezekiel (iii. 17-19.) — "Son of man, I have made thee 
a watchman unto the house of Israel: therefore hear the word 
at my mouth, and give them warning from me. When I say 
unto the wicked, Thou shalt surely die; and thou givest him 
not warning, nor speakest to warn the wicked from his wicked 
way, to save his life; the same "wicked man shall die in his ini- 
quity; but his blood will I require at thine hand. Yet if thou 
warn the wicked, and he turn not from his wickedness, nor from 
his wicked way, he shall die in his iniquity: but thou hast 
delivered thy soul." 

As children of the Saints, we are heirs of the priesthood, 
and have been made watchmen, hot only unto Israel, but unto 
all the world; and our Father has made it obligatory upon us 
that we warn all people to turn from their wicked ways, before 
destruction come upon them. 

"But," says one, "many of the nations will not hear us, 
for they are haughty, rebellious and stiffneeked. " 

They shall be humbled, saith the Lord, and "whether they 
will hear, or whether they will forbear, ." . . yet shall I 
know that there hath been a prophet among them. ' ' (Ezek. ii. 5. ) 

Let us then open our eyes to the vastness of this great cause, 
and seek for the spirit of the Lord to inspire us in our search 
after truth, that we maybe able to comprehend it fully ourselves, 
and then we can teach it to others understandingly. We cannot 
teach by our own wisdom or power, we must be endowed from 
on high; but we can prepare ourselves for usefulness by our 
own energies, if we will but do it. 

In my next, I will continue this subject, and try to show my 
young friends how they may fit themselves to be ready, when 
called upon, to go to all the world and preach the gospel of 
Jesus Christ, in the power and demonstration of His Spirit. 
( To be Continued. ) 



SLANDER. 



BY DANIEL DDWYWAITII. 



MY i\ alers will please excuse me for selecting such an un- 
pleasant subject to write upm. It may have nothing to do 
with them— I sincerely hope not. However, it is necessary 
to talk about and to know evil, or that which is bad, so that 
we may bo enabled to avoid it. and this is the only excuse I 
can offer for penning a few lines on slander. 

Slander may be defined as the malicious defamation of a 
person's character or reputation by spoken words, by fabri- 
cating and circulating false reports, calculated to occasion 
damage or injury to the person of whom they are spoken, 
or by communicating to others such as are already in circulation. 
In most countries slander is punishable by law. To call a 
lawyer a knave, a physican a quack, or a tradesman a bankrupt; 
to say of a man that he has committed a crime of which he 
is not guilty, or to say that he has an infectious disease, which 
would have a tendency to exclude him from society, is slander- 
ous and actionable. 

The evil of slander, backbitrng or tattling, is not confined to 
any particular class of people; it exists with the rich and the 



&P 





J" TT "VIE IN" I LIE I1TSTBTJCTOR. 



lOl 




poor, the old and the young, the Jew and the Gentile, and, I 
am sorry to say, this evil prevails to too great an extent among 
the Latter-day Saints. This is too bad. For a person claiming 
to be a Saint to pry into the private affairs of others; to be 
always finding fault with his brethren and sisters, and to be 
continually keeping vigilant watch for an opportunity to pub- 
lish scandal and ridicule about his fellow beings, is, indeed, 
not only hurtful to his victims, but extremely mean and con- 
temptible. No Latter-day Saint is ever guilty of such conduct 
as this; but a person claiming to be such may be, who, in 
reality, is simply a slanderer. 

As this class of people have a peculiar way, which may 
seem agreeable to us, of insinuating themselves into our favor, 
when they pour their dark whispers of venomous slander and 
abuse into our ears, we should be on our guard. We should 
give them no encouragement; and when they relate any 
slanderous tale to us, we should give them to understand that 
we have our own business to attend to, which is enough to 
keep us busy as long as we live. 

Men and women who have no higher ambition than to be 
well informed about other people's affairs make it their special 
business to retail slander, and delight in the brutal practice of 
wounding and hurting the feelings of others. This is a grievous 
wrong— a wrong which we ought to studiously shun; for those 
who are guilty of such conduct will, when fouud out, be hated, 
dreaded and avoided. 

Some, when reminded of the fault in question, plead igno- 
rance as an excuse. They tell us: "Keally, we had no intention 
to do wrong; we said it just for fun;" and "we did so and so, 
but meant no harm," etc. 

No doubt there is a great deal of truth in this; we often do 
that which is not right when we do not know better; but we 
should learn; it is'our duty and privilege to do so. Others, of 
course, who are wilful slanderers, will not make the above 
admission, because slandering is in strict accord with their 
evil propensities; and it will, if they do not desist sooner or 
later, lead them to disgrace and sorrow; for whatever we sow 
we must reap. 

In conclusion I will say: Never indulge in slander. Do not 
repeat every idle tale that you may hear; for this should be 
beneath the dignity of a lady or a gentleman, and I know we 
all wish to be thought such; and when you discover some little 
fault in any one, you need not be the first to propagate it, for 
none of us are without faults. 



1 x >< II. IT Y OF THE CANARY. 

Mil. Win. Kidd, of Hammersmith, graphically illustrates the 
truly amiable character >A' the canary. It is hardly to be 
wondered al thai this bird should be tuch a universal favorite. 
We extract the anecdote from the Ith chapter of British Cage 
Birds: 

"Were I," says .Mr. Kidd, "in go on leisurely particulariz- 
ing the many little interesting (ricks I have witnessed, as prac- 
ticed by my winged minstrels, I should exceed, I fear, the 
bounds of propriety. One mote, however, of'ourjoinl per 
formances, I must, through favor,— enforcing at thesame ii 

on all who may hereafter try the experiment, the necessity for 
extreme care, seeing that it is not quite, free from danger. 

Aware of the perfect understanding existing between 

myself and little family, I was in the constant habit of play 
ing them off some practical joke, rewarding them afterwards 
with a hemp seed by way of compromise. The sight of a 
hemp seed, therefore (of which my mules and canaries were 



inordinately fond), was a signal for some favor to be granted 
— some game to "come off." Taking up four or five duodec- 
imo volumes of printed books, I opened each in the middle; 
and placing them in a line, on their front edges, in a slanting 
position, there was formed beneath, an avenue throughout their 
entire length. It was like a railway tunnel, oir a small 
scale. 

1 'In this opening I placed some half-dozen birds, oire by one, 
gently forcing them, in the first instance, to travel onwards, un- 
til they emerged from the tunnel. As each successively made 
his appearance, I presented him, lovingly, with one of his fa- 
vorite hemp seeds, as a 'reward of merit.' Shall I be cred- 
ited, when I affirm that, before I had thrice repeated this little 
experiment, my pupils thoroughly comprehended the fun of 
the thing? It is indeed strange, but positively true. Day by 
day I extended the range of volumes; till by degrees I had 
formed a complete circle round the room. Here and there I 
left small loop-holes, just to give the travelers a bird's-eye view, 
of the surrounding neighborhood, occasionally exhibiting the 
magical hemp seed, a sight of which quickened their pace 
amazingly. When their journey was a very long and tedious 
one, their looks, as they pattered past the loop-holes, were im- 
ploringly expressive. However, an encouraging 'Cheer up, 
my lad!' kept them up to their work bravely. Arrived at the 
terminus, the strut of triumph, as each came forward and claim- 
ed his 'reward,' can only be faintly imagined. I cannot, and 
will not, attempt to describe it. How these pleasing scenes of 
early life linger in the memory!'' 



The Weed — A sharp and indignant writer gives vent to 
hisf jelings as follows, on the subject of using tobacco: "Who 
among you smoke and chew tobacco? Many, no doubt. Then 
as you have wounded my feelings, 'many a time and oft,' I 
shall try to return the compliment. It is no affair of mine if 
you choose to blacken your teeth, yellow your skin and shatter 
your nerves: I pity you of course; but I must pity myself as 
well: and I object to be inconvenienced, wherever I go by your 
unpleasant practices. The man who uses tobacco seems to 
think that he has a special license to consume the weed any- 
where and everywhere, to the exclusion of the peace of every 
other person, and as coolly puffs his tobacco-smoke, and 
breathes his tobacco-laden breath into your face, as if it were 
instead the most pleasant perfume of the Orient. If people 
will smoke and chew tobacco, if it is a necessity of their nature, 
why will they not practice the habit when no one else is obliged 
to inhale the objectionable odor which affords them such 
apparent gratification? Does a young man think that smoking 
and chewing will render him any more intelligent, or a more 
instructive and amusing companion? Can he expect that he 
will be more agreeable in female society, or that bis enjoyment 
of life can be increased thereby''' Never was there a more 
mistaken idea, if be is insane enough to cherish it. By its use 
he is rendered less intelligent, less agreeable, less capable 
"of succeding in anything he undertakes, less susceptible 
to rational enjoyment, and less capable id' being a man in every 
respect. Drop the habit, then, lor your own sake; but il you 
won't do that— to return to my original grievance— don't 
Victimize other and wiser people by its practice." 



1 1 persons were as willing to be pleasant and as anxious 
to please in their own homes as they are in the company oi 
their neighbors, they would have the happiest homes in the 
world. 



rP 




■r«A^vir: 




lOS 



JTJYEITILE IE"STBTJGTOK,, 



ffhq jjuucnilq ^Instructor. 



GKORGE Q. CANNON, - 




- EDITOR. 


SALT LAKE CITY, 


MAY l 


!x79. 



E3DITORIAL THOTJGHTS. 




E hear of buys in this city annoying China- 
men, playing tricks upon them and de- 
stroying their property. Some have been 
punished for thus trespassing upon the 
rights of their neighbors; and all sin mid 
be. for the Chinaman in this land has 
rights which all sin mid know how, or be 
taught how. to respect. In California, 
Nevada and other places there is a great 
feeling of dislike against the Chinese; so much 
so, that efforts are being made to prevent them 
from coming to this country. They work so 
very cheap that other laboring people cannot 
compete with then], and they, as a consequence, 
get most of the work to do. Boys in California 
and other places imitate the men, and treat these 
people very badly. We hope the children of Utah 
will never fall into this bad practice. We may think 
the Chinese inferior to ourselves, but this does not give us the 
right to impose upon them, or treat them cruelly. They are 
the work of God as well as ourselves, and they have a right .to 
live and to labor and to enjoy themselves as much as we have. 
They have the right to worship also as they please, to wear 
their hair long, as they do, and to dress in their peculiar fash- 
ion, and our boys and girls should not make sport of them 
because of these things. If we were to go to China, wearing 
our u-u al id >'liinir. we would djubtless be as awkward and out- 
landish in their eye-, as they can possibly be in ours. 

The L ird has male the various nations of the earth, has 
placed them here upon the earth and has given them rights, 
which no one h.i> authority to deprive them of. The Chinese 
have as good a right to worship in their way, as we white folks 
have to worship in ours. They have no right to molest us, 
nor have w • any right to molest them. 

We hope all our boys anil girls will remember this, and treat 

thi- Chil kindly; nut make sport of them nor annoy them 

in any way. If we do not like them, we can keep away from 
them and leave them alone. The world is wide enough for all 
to live in it without molesting one another on account of relig- 
ion, or of politics, or of dre<s, or of eating, or of building, or 
anything else. 

Because we have the truth we should not persecute those 
who do not have it. We should not punish them for not 
believing as we do, nor force our belief upon them. But we 
should show the world by our good deeds that our religion is 
better than theirs. Then, when they see our good deeds, they 
miy come and do likewise. The Lord gives all His children 
their agency. He tells us what is good and what is bad, but 
He does not compel us to be good. He leaves us to take our 
own course. If we do wrong we are to blame for it, and can be 
punished for it, because it is not necessary that we should do 
wrong. If we do right we get our reward, and we can enjoy 
that reward, because it is the result of our own actions. 

n 




We should be kind to all men, and our kindness should be 
extended in the right manner. In order to show our kindness, 
we need not select people who do not believe as we do for our 
associates or companions. We need not choose sv.ch for our 
school-teachers, or for husbands or wives This is not neces- 
sary. We can be kind to them, and yet do none of these 
things. On the one hand it is wrong to pcr.-ecute people who 
do not believe as we do, but on the othrr, it is just as wrong 
to select them for our constant companions and bosom friends. 
We should so live that when men see our fruits, they will know 
our religion is a good one, and that it is better than theirs. 
The religion of the Latter-day Saints is the best in the world. 
There is none other equal to it,, beeau°e it is from God. It is 
not mixed with error, but it is truth; and those who embrace 
it receive the spiiit of God to be with them, and that spirit 
will lead them into all truth. It will make those people who 
will be guide 1 by it, the best people in the world, and prepare 
them for Heaven. 

We say to the children of Utah, love your religion. Love 
your brothers and sisters: but because you love them, you need 
not hate your enemies, nor cruelly treat those who do not 
belong to your Church It is your duty to treat them with 
kindness to do them all the good in your power without becom- 
ing partakers, with them, of their wickedness or bad habits. 
You are superior to them, and you should always remember 
this. 




Fine Use of Language.— A British officer, detached upon 
special duty and allowed to charge his expenses to the War 
Office, duly sent there a memoradum of the different sums he 
had disbursed. Among those was an item of one shilling paid 
to a porter who had helped to carry his luggage. This item 
■the officer entered as "porter." Shortly afterwards he received 
an official letter from the War Office in which his attention was 

called to this "extraordinary charge." Captain was 

reminded that the Secretary of War was not disposed to sanction 
the cost of his beer being defrayed out of the public moneys, 
and that in any case, even in hot weather, a whole shilling for 
porter was decidedly excessive. My friend was much tickled. 
He dispatched a formal reply in which he elaborately explained 
that "porter" did not represent the liquor that he had poured 
down his throat, but the man who had carried his luggage. This 

brought a curt reply from Pall Mall, directing Captain to 

enter snch charges, not as "porter," but as "porterage." The 
gallant officer in question, a little amused, and perhaps a little 
annoyed at this ridiculous red tapc-ism, took the warning to 
heart. A fesv weeks later, in making up the account of his dis- 
bursements, he hal occasion to charge Is. fid. for the hire of a 
cab. Mindful of the past, he argued to himself that if "porter" 
in war office English became transmogrified into "porterage," 
"cab," of course, must undergo the same development; and he 
meekly jotted down in his modest schedule eighteen pence, in 
what he supposed to be the orthodox manner. By the next post 
he received a tremendous foolscap epistle, indignantly desiring 

to know why Captain had presumed to charge eighteen 

pence for a "cabbage. " 



YoTJ are a coward if afraid to tell the truth when you should 
do so. You are a coward when you insult the weak. You are 
a coward if afraid to do right, if you shrink from defending 
your opinion, from maintaining that which you know to be 
just and good; and you are especially a coward if you know 
certain things of yourself, and care not toowntothem yourse 





crTJArEinsrii-.E] iitstrtjctob, 



103 




THE SALT-MINES OF CRACOW. 



THERE are no salt-mines in the world more interesting than 
those wonderful excavations in Austrian Gallicia, at Wie- 
liezka near Cracow. Some believe they have been worked ever 
since the ninth century; but it is certain they were known as 
far back as 1250. 

The town, which is populated by the miners and their familie , 
is completely undermined by the labyrinth of passages and 
chambers which form the approaches to the mine. They extend 
nearly 10,000 feet from east to west, and 3,600 from no;th to 



chambers. The Chapel, in particular, consists of a beautiful 
Gothic temple, dedicated to St. Anthony, and cor. tains many 
statues and obelisks, all formed of rock-salt, and also au altar, 
pulpit, etc. The Grand Reception Chatnl er is a gigantic hall. 
In this hall the members of the imperial family are received 
when they visit the mines; and this, together with the principal 
passages and other chambers is then brilliantly illuminated, 
the crystals of rock-salt sparkling exquisitely in the blaze of 
torches. There is room for at least 1,000 persons to dine in 
this chamber without inconvenience, and its dimensions are so 
vast, that despite the num c ■ and the brilliancy of the torches, 




south; and the depth of these excavations is proportionate to 
their area. 

This vast depth is divide 1 into four distinct stories or Gelds, 
one below the other. In the second story is a great lake, 050 

feet lung, and tn feel deep, for d of the salt water which 

trickles through the strata. The visitor is rowed across 1 1 1 i - 
subterranean sheet of water, an 1 after he has arrived at the 
future sbon ■ and descended iii the third story, he learns, to his 
surprise', that the lake he has just traversed is directly over his 
head. The several Btorii a are simply immense excavations out 
of the solid salt, but much artistic taste has been displayed 
through successive generations in the decorations of these 



y. 



and notwithstanding that the glittering walls and i f tend to 

reflect the blaze, the eye in vain attempts to fatl itsvast- 

liess. 

The mine is entered by eleven shafts, and the total length of 

the passages is 270 miles, 

The value of the mine- is very great, anl the kings of Poland 
in former times derived the greater part of their revenues from 
them, depending entirely upon them for the dowries of their 

queens. At cll'dl e'erl i I'll king, tile nobles e',a -led the right 

of taking the salt for their own use, i'rrv of all cost, beyond 
that of the excavation. The yield of the mini's is about 60,000 

tons a year, about li, (Kin persons being employed in them, There / 



m 



s®^" 




104 



CTTTArZEnNriLIE] IUSTBTJCTOB. 




is no foundation for the statement that persons are born and 
die in the mines, without ever seeing the light of day, as the 
means of egress are such that a person may ascend from 
the bottom to the top in a very brief space of time. The 
atmosphere is perfectly healthy, and a stream of fresh 
water Hows through the mine; but the laborers, beyond 
taking their meals in the mine, never remain down at 
work longer than they would if employed upon the surface. 
The horses, when once down, remain there until unfit for 
further service. 



^orrcsjjotulcnce. 



Lake Towx, 
Rich Co., 

April 1, 1879. 
Editor Juvenile Instructor: 

IM: vu Brother:— As secretary of the Sunday 
school here, I deem it my duty to inform you somewhat of its 
condition. We have about eighty names enrolled as members, 
twelve of whom are officers and teachers, with an average attend- 
ance of sixty persons. "We have but a very few of tne youth of 
the settlement who are nut members of the school. Our mode of 
conducting the school is similar to that followed in the 19.h Ward 
school, of Salt Lake City. 

On Sunday last we held our lirst quarterly review, which was 
a great success, considering that we are so remotely situated from 
head-quarters. The programme was iillf d in a manner reflecting 
much ere lit upon all who took part therein It consisted of sing- 
ing, select reading, questions and answers upon the restoration 
of the gospel, and upon the observance of the Sabbath day, 
extemporaneous addresses by live young men, a harmonious and 
instructive address by the president of the Lake Town Y. M. M. 
I. A., and finally, some well advised remarks by the superintend- 
ent, Niels Wahlstrom. 

It may be as well to state that our late superintendent, Brother 
James Peard, has concluded to remove his residence to Blooming- 
ton. Upon learning of his intention the young laflies (who, by 
the way. are foremost in almost every laudable undertaking) 
I a testimonial of respect, in which their appreciation of 
his labors as superintendent of the school for the past three years, 
was laborately stated. 

There is a feeling of peace and union manifested in this settle- 
ment. General work of improvement seems to be taking place 
among the youth of I-rael hen-. Of course they are not perfect, 
but there is a desire to renounce all bad habits 

an excellent day school here, under the tuition of 

S. Spence, who is well qualified for the position, 

having been a graduate of Oxford University, England. Bro. 

Spence is also president of the Y. M. M. I. A , which consists of 

about sixty-five members. 

of tin association have been well attended 
throughout last fall and winter, and are -till being hold. The 
programmes have been of such an edifying and instructive nature 
that the time of mci aether has never seemed long 

enough. 

R lately reorganized, with Sister 

■ : N •'' ■ ; ■ i- i>r !ji 1 • i'. Taere ha? also been a Y. L. M I. 
A. inaugurated here, with Sister Emily Lambourn as president. 
B ities are in a good condition, and comprise the great 

■ ' i t v of the ladies of the settlement. 
1 1'iiing you will continue to succeed in the publication ..f your 
highly interesting journal, and promising you the exertion of 
what influence 1 may possess to extend and increase the circula- 
tion thereof, I -ubscribe myself 

Your brother in the gospel, 

Joseph Irwkt. 



BE KIND TO THY BROTHER! 



"A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up anger."— Prov. 

MOST of the young readers of the Juvenile Instructor 
have brothers and sisters; and I would ask: do you always 
treat them kindly? or, do you often get angry with them? I hope 
you do not get cross or displease! with them, but I fear you do. 
Sometimes, probably, you vise harsh words to them, and it may 
be, that when angry, you resort to blows. If this is so, let me 
advise you to refrain from such ungentlemanly actions, and be 
kind to them. When you speak to them, do so in a kindly man- 
ner, and they, in return, will answer you kindly. 

I will tell you of an incident that occurred when I was a little 
boy: Twenty-one years ago, my oldest brother died. While 
he was sick, I assisted my mother in waiting upon him. I was 
rather unkind to him, though, for when he asked me to bring 
him a drink of water or anything else, I attended to his wants 
very reluctantly. I was so full of play that when he called for 
me, I often grumbled. After being sick a few weeks, it was 
thought advisable to have him removed to an infirmary or hos- 
pital, and, accordingly, this was done. This allowed me more 
time for play. I went once or twice to see him. My mother 
visited him often. She went one day— it was the 2nd of April, 
1858. Samuel (that was my brother's name) told her to come 
and see him the next day, and said if she did not he feared 
she would see him no more. According to promise, she went 
next day to the infirmary to see him, but those in charge 
refused her admittance, as it was not a visiting day. They told 
her the boy was all right; he was in no danger. Next morning 
while we were at breakfast, a gentleman dressed in black, 
knocked at the door, and, when it was opened, said, "Your lit- 
tle boy is dead. He died at 11 o'clock last night," This was 
sail news to us. for Samuel was a good boy. Instead of spend- 
ing so much time at play as I did, he would often sit and read 
the Bible to his parents. 

Do you think I missed him? Yes, I did, very much. I began 
to think that I had truly lost a good brother, and wished that I 
had been kind to him when on his sick bed. Many a night, 
after he was laid in the cold ground, I thought of my unkind- 
ness towards him, and wept bitterly. Oh, if I could only recall 
him! If I could see him but once more, and ask himto forgive 
me for my unkindness towards him while sick! What would I 
not give tin- the privilege of clasping his band! Rut it was too 
late to repent. Tears were in vain. I would never see him 
again in this mortal sphere of existence. 

Hoys, be kind to your brothers; be kind to your sisters; love 
and respect your parents; be kind to your friends and acquaint- 
ances, ami do nothing wrong to them, which will cause you to 
repent. Ami I would also say, sisters, be kind to your 
brothers. Do not speak harshly to them, or displease them in 

any way whatever. 

If we carry out this advice our Heavenly Father, who is 
always watching over us. will be SO well pleased with us that 
He will bestow upon us His richest blessings, ami great will be 
OUT reward. 



>SrP 



A greal many persons wonder why they haveSo little to show 
for their time and labor and how it is that some people can 
manage to get so much done. The secret, if there is any 
secret, lies in the fact that those who accomplish a great deal, 
work according to a well-defined and uniform plan. 



>f^ 





"TJ^TJSISriLIC IFSTRTJGTOE, 



105 




^uriomiie^ In "mnmmi Jf 0101 ^ 



if: 



AMONG AFRICAN TRIBES. 

>PHE principal food of the Balonda, a people inhabiting' the 
-L western part of Africa, consists of a root called manioc or cas- 
sava. There are two varieties of this vegetable, the sweet and 
the bitter. The latter is poisonous, but as it grows more rap- 
idly than the other, it is the kind that is generally cultivated. 
The manner of cultivating it reminds us of Jcalo, the native 
food of the Ilawaiians, which has been described in our columns. 
It is raised upon low land, and propagated from portions of the 
. top, or stalk, of the vegetable, which are planted in wet ground 
. after the roots have been cut oft'. It is fit for eating in a year 
or eighteen months after it is planted, though it may be left in 
the ground and kept good for three years. The tops as well as 
the roots are frequently used for food. 

The manner of preparing this food is thus described: "It is 
steeped in water for four days, when it becomes partially rotten, 
the skin comes oft' easily, and the poisonous matter is easily ex- 
tracted. It is then dried in the sun, and can be pounded into 
a sort of meal. 

''When this meal is cooked, it is simply stirred into boiling- 
water, one man holding the vessel and putting in the meal, 
while the other stirs it with all his might. The natives like 
this simple diet very much, but to a European it is simply de- 
testable. It has no flavor except that which arises from par- 
tial decomposition, and it looks exactly like ordinary starch 
when ready for the laundress. It has but little nutritive power, 
and however much a man may contrive to eat, he is as hungry 
two hours afterwards as if he had fasted. Dr. Livingstone 
compares it in appearance, taste and odor, to potato starch, 
made from diseased tubers. Moreover, owing to the mode of 
preparing it, the < king is exceedingly imperfect, and in con- 
sequence, its effects upon ordinary European digestions maybe 
imagined." 

The Bakalai, another tribe, subset principally upon the 
manioc fund. They, however, differ from the Balonda in their 
mat r of preparing it. They allow the mush made from it 

to ferment ami turn sour, in which state they sometimes keep 
it for -i\' weeks or two months. There is so little nutrition in 

this food that even the natives themselves cannot endure such 
a dirt for any great length of time, but become possessed of a 
craving for animal food, which is regarded as a disease, and 
called by them gouamba. It is said that "those who Buffer 

IV it become positivelj wild beasts al the sight of meat, which 

thej devour with an eagerness thai is horrible to witne 
Even M, du Chaillu with all his guns and other means of de- 
stroying game occasionallj suffered from "gouamba," which 
be describes a- "real and frightful torture. 

The Bakalai have another kind of food which is anything but 
agreeable to the ordinary palate. It isakind of oil, procured 

from the seeds of the vjavi, a forest tree of that c itry, by 

boiling them, crushing them on a board and finally squeezing 
them with their hands, The flavor of tlii-. oil i> -aid to resem 
ble that of Bcorched lard. The Bakalai are .-aid to bo very 
cleanly in their cooking, and yet thej are so fond of animal food 
that they will eat it when ready to fall to pieces with decompo- 
sition. 

A- with most of i be African tribes, the Bakalai are very super- 
stitious. This lead- them, frequently, to entertain a prejudice 
against certain articles of food. To one family the flesh of the 



wild bull will be tabooed, and another will refuse to eat the croc- 
odile, while to a third, some particular bird or reptile will be for- 
bidden. This prohibition is called by them roonda, and it is said 
that "if a traveler should happen to employ a party of twenty 
men, he may find that each man has some "roonda" which will 
not permit him to join his comrades at their repast. One man, 
for example, may not eat monkey's flesh, while another is pro- 
hibited to eat pork, and a third is forbidden to touch the hip- 
popotamus, or some other animal. So strict is the law of 
'roonia" tl a a man will often refuse to eat anything that has 
been cooked in a kettle which may once have held the forbidden 
foxl." 

While upon this subject, we may cite a curious fact in 
regard to the Kaffirs, which we did not mention while allud- 
J ng to them: 

' 'Nothing could induce a Kaffir to eat a fish; they regard it with 
perfect loathing. Then the Zulus, one of the tribes of Kaffirs, 
refuse to eat many things that other tribes relish; such as rep- 
tiles, the monkey, the hyena, the eland and many others. 
Fowls, porcupines and eggs are prohibited to all except the very 
young and the old, because the Kaffirs think that those who eat 
such fbodwilluever enjoy the honorable title of father or mother; 
and, as is well known, a childless man or woman is held in the 
supremest contempt. 

''The flesh of the crocodile is very offensive to the Kaffir, and 
it is said to be doubtful whether even the pangs of starvation 
would induce a Zulu Kaffir to partake of such food, or to hold 
friendly intercourse with any one who had done so. An amus- 
ing instance of this innate horror of the crocodile occurred some 
years ago. An European settler, new to the country, had shot 
a crocodile, and having heard much of the properties possessed 
by the fat of the reptile, he boiled some of its flesh for the pur- 
pose of obtaining it. Unfortunately for him, the only vessel 
at hand was an iron pot, in which his Kaffir servants were 
accustomed to cook their food. and. thinking no harm, he used 
the pot for this purpose, lie could not have done anything 
more calculated to shock the feelings of the Kaffirs, who deserted 
him in a body, leaving the polluted vessel behind them." 



Distinct Articulation.— Correct articulation is the most 

important exercise of the voice and of the organs of speech. 

A reader or speaker, possessed of only a moderate yoice, if 

he articulates correctly, will be better understood, and heard 
with greater pleasure, titan one who vociferates. The voice of 

ilte latter nitty, indeed, extend to a considerable distance; but 
the -ound is dissipated in confusion. Of the voice of the form- 
er not tin' smallest vibration is wasted -everj sound is per- 
ceived at the utmost distance to which it reaches; and hence it 
even penetrates farther titan one which i- loud, but badly ar- 
ticulated. 

In j usi art iei i la i i'ii i. i lie words are not hurried over, nor pre- 
cipitated syllable over syllable; nor. a- it were, melted together 
into a mass of confusi ; thej arc neither abridged ■ pro- 
longed; not- swallowed, nor forced; and. if I maj so express my- 
self, shot fr the it th: the;, are not trailed nor drawled, mil- 
let slip out carelessly, so as to drop unfinished, They are delh - 
ered out from the lips, as beautiful coins newly issued from the 
i ti it it. deeply and ace u lately impressed, perfectly finished, neat 

ly Struck by the proper organs, distinct, sharp, ill due succes- 
sion, ami of due weight. 



Let industry, temperance and < nomy be the habits of 



in- li\ 



^XffZ 




106 



JUYB1TILE IITSTBUCTOR. 




DIALOGUE ON MIND. 



BY J. L. BARFOOT. 




BETWEEN PRECEPTOR AND PUPIL. 

PUPIL. — Is it true that the science of psychology aims at 
proving that the human mind has no existence apart from 
matter; that mental phenomena are the result of physical 
changes in the brain and nervous system? 

Preceptor. — One of the greatest living authorities on the 
science you name, who has written largely upon the nature of 
ami the place occupied by psychology as a science, says that 
"mind is unknowable," but he does not deny its existence 
apart from matter. He says that the place of psychology as 
a science is "to do with both matter and miod.'' Also that 
'it may with as much propriety be included in the domain of 
physical science as in the domain of psychical science; and 
must be left where it stands, as the link between them." 

This, you perceive, does not deny the existeuce of mind, 
or mental manifestations. It only shows that the science of 
psychology has to seek for a correct interpretation of mental 
phenomena in the laws which govern both mind and matter. 

Pupil — Psychology, then, is a science relating to the miod; 
and, to be correctly understood, it is necessary to examine into 
the nature of phenomena relating to both mind and matter. 

Preceptor. — Tt is so taught by unbiased philosophers, but 
men got along very well in the remote ages without enteiii g 
into an examination of the laws which govern mind. They 
lelieved in the soul — psyche means soul. Now the advocates 
of the new phase of thought do not believe in the soul apart 
from the body. They try to account for humr.n emotion and 
mental phenomena by chemical and mechanical methods alone, 
and talk very learnedly about psychological science, as an 
excuse for unbeief in a future s'ate. 

Popil. — May mesmerism, electro-b'olozy, clairvoyance and 
similar sciences be included in the science of mir.d, or psy- 
chology? 

Preceptor. — They be'ongto the mental class of [ henomena, 
and, for that reason, may be worthy of our investigation. 
One thing I will direct your attenli in to that you are probably 
not aware of: all these rn.iniftsta' ions of "mesmerism," "table- 
turning." spirit rapping." and similar absurd if not wicked 
exhibitions, belong to the recent period in the history of man; 
that is. since the eosp ■] was r-stor.'d to the earth in the year 1830. 

Pupil. — You '1" astonish me. Who would expect evil to 
spring into existence by the introduction of good! 

Preceptor. —Yet i' is reasonable to expect it. But a little 
while ago silver dollars of the United States were struck at the 
authorized min*. Up to that time there were no spurious 
c >m- of that kind — no bogus dollars. The true aud the false 
en exi-t. When one comes into being the other will start 
in imitation of it. 

Pupil — I see the application. The unusual mental mani- 
festations following the introduction of the gospel brought 
forth imitations. You think, then, there is some truth in 
mesmerism an 1 kin lie 1 manifestations? 

Preceptor.— Most certainly; truth of its kind. There is 
truth in opium, or a'cobnl, or tobacco, eithir will ii.toxicate, 
and conscquent'y ]oi<on. This reason will apply to the 
indulgence in spiritual intoxicant". .Inst a little indulge nee in 
g ejn-covcred trashy, sensational reading, -\\<h as the press 
pours forth like a stream from the cast to the west, will create 
a taste for a poison, if persisted in, which will cm ctually 
lestroy the mind, as opium and narcotics will destroy the body. 



INDIAN WISDOM 



BY G. W. HILL. 

ANY white men are not willing to believe that Indians 
possess ordinary natural intelligence. I have seen sufficient 
of Indian character to satisfy me that, as a rule, our red breth- 
ren are keen and intelligent observers; that they possess good 
reasoning powers, and that in some things they are really very 
wise. I have been much surprised, sometimes, at the wisdom 
they manifest, in reproving for disobedience. I may narrate 
one circumstance that will illustrate their manner of reproof. 

On a certain occasion our camp was visited by one in author- 
ity — one who is very much respected, and who should be, but 
who has acquired the habit of smoking. 

The chief, who, by the way, used to smoke a great deal, 
but who, having been blessed with an open vision, had seen a 
good many things, and bad been -to'd, among other things, 
that it was not good to smoke, thought he would administer 
a mild rebuke to bis visitor. 

He, accordingly, told his visitor he would like to ask him a 
question. Upon permission being granted, he asked whether 
the personage that had visited him in a vision and told him 
what to do, was a good or a bad man. He was answered that 
he was a good man. 

"Well, said he, "he told me that it was not good to smoke. 
That is all, now." 

Such a reproof was much more effectual than finding fault 
and scolding and denouncing all who ventured to differ from 
him would have been. 

It is a notable fact that this Indian has not smoked for a 
coup'e of years at bast. 

It happened two or three years ago that this same Indian 
once let his passion get the better of him. Ilis boy refused 
to do what he told him to, when he immediately gave way to 
his temper, and whipped him severely. It was months after- 
wards, before he could get, over being ashamed of himself for 
the rash act. He felt so mortified to think he had been so 
lacking in wisdom and self-control as to whip his own flesh and 
blood, that he could hardly to give himself a'l summer. 



Working and Thinking. — Buskin says "it is a no less 
fatal error to despise labor when regulated by intellect than to 
value it for its own sake. We are always in these days trying 
to separate the two; we want one man to be always thinking, 
and another to be always working, and to call one a gentleman 
and the other an operative; whereas, the workman ought often 
to be thinking, and the thinker often to be working; and both 
should be gentleman in the best sense. As it is, we make both 
ungenteel, the one envying, the other despising his brother; 

and the mass of society is made up of morbid thinkers and 

miserable workers. Now it is only by labor that thought can 
be made healthy, and only by thought that labor can be made 

happy, and the profession should be liberal, and there should 

be less pride fell in peculiarity of employment, and more in 
excellence of at hievement." 



Accustom yourself to think vigorously. .'Mental capital, like 
pecuniary, to be worth anything, must be well invested — must 

be rightly adjusted and applie 1, and to this end, careful, deep, 
and intense thought is necessary if great results are looked for. 
There is no such thing as standing still in this world. Change 
is the etern d law of nature. 



^ 



*'lc 




crTJ^TEn^riLEi iustbtjotob. 



107 




THE TOILET 




BY HANNAH T. KING. 

MY young readers must not think I intend giving them a 
dissertation on dress, or the most becoming fashion — no; 
though I am by no means indifferent to external appearances, 
and should certainly inculcate a moderate attention to them, 
yet I know that happiness, the goal for which we all pant, 
can never be obtained if we aspire no farther. But as an 
extravagant love of dress and parade is one of the prevailing 
weaknesses — not to say sins — of the present day, I wish to 
offer you a few hints on the subject, to convince you that 
something far more exalted must be your study, even the cul- 
tivation of the heart and mind, the undyiDg part of humanity. 
The passions must be restrained, the temper subdued and reg- 
ulated, and the heart, "that troublesome little empire," must 
be conquered.^ To accomplish all this, many a prayer for assist- 
ance must be offered, many a proud feeling restrained, and 
many a sacrifice made. Yet, when it is accomplished, even but 
iniperfectly,"',an approving conscience will be yours, and the 
sun of genuine happiness will then surely shed its cheering 
beams upon you. 

You all have parents who are daily offering up prayers for 
you to the Throne of Grace, that you may grow up to be orna- 
ments in His church and kingdom; and to become such, you 
must lay the foundation in early life. Trifles often denote 
character, as straws show which way the wind blows; and dress 
is certainly an index of the mind and heart of the wearer. 
I have, therefore, adopted the figurative term of ''The Toilet," 
by which I can convey a few hints to roy dear young sisters, 
whose interest I have close about my heart, knowing that 
woman, r at all stages of life, is a power on the earth for good 
or evil. 

Now let me present to you "The Toilet:" 

You must imagine each box to be labelled cm the lid; but on 
opening, you will find they contain "cosmetics." not for the 
complexion, or for the "outward adorning of plaiting the hair 
and of wearing of gold, or putting on of apparel," but the 
incorruptible ornaments of a well regulated heart and mind. 

Let us begin with the box at the top of the table, containing, 

"rest white PAINT." 

This term represents Innocence. Innocence was especially 
the garb of our first parents in their earthly paradise, and 
constituted their happiness. Arrayed in this, they were 
deemed fit associates for angels, and God Himself deigned 
to visit the inhabitants of Eden. But when they lost 
this inestimable treasure by disobedience, "they s iw that 
they were naked." Naked in every thing that could make 
them acceptable to their Maker, or render themselves 
happy. Abstract happiness was, alas! lost forever! All pos- 
terity, and earth itself became accursed when tins divine 
attribute was lost to humanity. And then was assumed thai 
dress, which by the weak and vain has been made "the Go 1 ol 
their idolatry"— but which ought, rather, to be looked upon 
asthe ba Ige of our degeneracy. V.-t even in this day. many 
,1 , possess innocent and guileless hearts, in as great perfection 

as our fallen natures, or the circumsta - and associations by 

which weare surrounded, will admit. This earthly life is a 
severe school, and offers many gilded baits to be rejected, to 
maintain this "pearl above [irice." 
L'sten'nof to any conversation that may, in any way, dim its 

nstre, <>r>>b you of the happiness it will ever confer. Read 



no book before your own judgment is matured; before your 
parents, or guardians have inspected it, or you know they 
approve of it. Books give a strong bias to the mind that 
thinks deeply, and should, therefore, be carefully selected. 

Pray to God to keep you pure before Him. Exercise self- 
control, forbearance and well regulated desires; and fear cot, 
the pure and spotless robe of innocence will surely be yours. 

We now come to the next box, labelled. 

"a wash to smooth wrinkles." 

Contentment is surely the handmaid of happiness; for without 
her peaceful influence, health, wealth, power — the world itself, 
would not satisfy. Possessed of this, however contracted our 
sphere, however small our means, we have the bravery to fay, 
it is enough! Very few are destitute of the means of being 
happy, if they examine well their resources; but they see others 
possessing something they have not, and they directly imagine 
that would make them happy. Perhaps in time this coveted 
object is their own. The possession almost invariably takes 
away the attraction with which, probably, imagination alone 
had invested it; and the long desired treasure is cast aside, 
probably for some new bauble. An eloquent writer has said, 
"Man never is, but always to be blessed." 
But let ours be a higher, a brighter view of the gifts cf 
Heaven. We will consider the blessings we do possess and 
turn egotists, that we may view well the picture. We have 
health and strength in all their vigor, the first and greatest of 
all blessings. We have a pleasant and comfortable home; 
parents, brothers, sisters and fiiends, and blessings too numer- 
ous to mention. Can rational, thinking creatures require more 
for happiness? Yes; we require the faculty to cultivate our 
own heart and brain, that we shall be competent to organize 
the material that is around and about us, that we may make 
our own Heaven, which we cau never do unless we consider 
and appreciate all that God has bestowed upon us. 

Then bless me, God! with a mind that's content, 
And thankful for blessings Thy goodness has lent; 
But should'st Thou see fit either one to recall, 
Oh! leave me contentment, I've then all in all. 



PllOC R ASTIXATION. 



Slum delays, they breed remorse, 
Take thy time while time is lent thee; 

Creeping snails have weakest force, 
Fly thy fault lest thou repent thee; 

Good is best when soonest wrought, 

Lingering labors come to naught. 

Hoist up sail while gale doth last, 
Tide and wind wait no man's pleasure; 

Seek not lime when time is past, 
Sober speed is wisdom's leisure; 

Afterwits are dearly bought, 

Let till" forewit guide thy thought. 



It i- false and indolent humility which makes people >it still 

ami do nothing, because they will not believe thej are capable 
of doing much, for ever) body can do something. Everj 
body can set a good example, be it to many or to few; every 
body can in some degree encourage virtue and religion, and 
discountenance vice and lolly; everybodyhas someone whom 
he can advise and instruct, or in some way help to guide 
through life. 





108 



J-TT'^riEItTILIE] Il^STRVCTOB. 




E E T LOVE ABOUND. 



Words by J. L. Townsend 
J/.«/< rato. 



Music by E. Stephens. 




et^3: 



1. In that bright and ho^ly city, In our mansions far a - bove, We shall crwell in sweet communion, For our 
:!. >""t by strife with one an other Can we onward, upward move, But by cliar-i - ty most ho-ly Do we 

-!*=• ■& -* -G- m _ -^--ff- M . f* ■+* ^ "f 2 *o. <^ •^■/* 



s 



e 



\m \m L» 



-v — »*- 



£=£ 



£=£ 



i|i^S^| 



-V— w 



zfamfcic 



SeE 



:£=£= 



± 



Soft" 




E g^j^^E|^#^|gE^ 



d= 



3E 



m 



=$= 



"- Ruler, God, is 
live this life o 


r 


l 
1 


)ve. 
ove; 

s> — 


In that 
Lov-ing 
P 


cit - 
all 


y bright and 
companions 


fair, O, what 
here, Holding 


pleasures we will 
all as kindred 


share! 
dear; 


Love 
Love 

— (&— 


all 
all 


a - 
a - 

f 


&'■* £ ff 










H 


BB 


— CBS 


■B 


~% r 


* 




















T" <** 


> . 


« 


















—I- 


£- - 



^^^l^^fe ^ 



^ 



s^=* 




-&— * 



Si 



round, Love all a - round. O, what 

round, Love all a - round. Holding 



P£ 



I 




pleasures we will 
all as kindred 



share! 
dear; 



i^= 



Love all 
Love all 

-f2 _— ± 



a - round. 
a - round. 



I 



Andantino. 



i 



£ 



ti- 



Eft: 



^£ 



t— 1^£-^ 



let love abound here too, Keep this 



jr~f g_ ^| J / ^ =g= :[EEEE ^^ 



HI 



:th 



:£: 



t 



£=£ 



-^ 



£= -r* 



IE 



ho - ly thought in 



Let 



fl-.jL-£_f£ 



r—z— ' O 



^ Fr=f=^ 



i 



s : 



-f 

love 



S 



■- * _-- ■& — 



1st. 



12nd. 



bound, Let 



Z T=^ 



I 



^ 



loVl 



bound. 



m 



mmm 



.. 



siil.- by side we grow together, 

Sid,- l;, side the wheat and tan >, 
Let u- now, before the han est, 

Act consistent « ith our prayers; 
Helpful hands extend release, 
': ing unity and peace — 

Love all around, 

Love all around. 



Hopeful, cheerful, kind and loving, 
Smiling often as we meet, 

<). what. joy will be our portion! 
Life with loving acts replete; 

This is what the soul desires, 
This is what the Lord roquin — 

Love all around, 

Love all around. 



CHARADE 



Mv first is capable of Bensc and sound; 
My second, though not globular, i- round; 
'Ti- endless, though it be not everlasting. 
My whole's an ornament, my first made- fast in. 

The answer to the Puzzle published in No. 7 is Mask. We 
have received correct solutions from L. A. Winward, E. J. Soffe, 
South Jordan; J. Skidmore, East Mill Creek; M. Stewart. Pro- 
\ ,, M. F, Jefferies, Grantsville; I'.. J. Beer, Salt Lake City. 



J-TJ-V-S-JSTII ,ES INSTRUGTOlv 

Is Published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 

ON THE FtllST ANU FIFTEENTH OF EVEIIY MONTH. 



EDITOR. 



GEORGE Q. CAHWOW, ------- 

TERMS IN A I) V \ N C K 
Single Copy, per Annum, - - - $2.00, 
On Copies Sent bv Mail, Outside of Salt Lake County 
Ten Cents per Year Additional will be Charged for Postage 







