
VOL. 5. 



SALT LAKE CITY, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1870. 



NO. 8. 



CTTJ^ElSriXjE IF^I^^iyilEI^S. 



THE little folks in our engraving are having a fine time. 
How ^urdily the little boy bends to the work of pull- 
ing, and his sister is as anxious to do her share, though 
she does not seem to understand the labor as he does. It 
is ijlain enough to be seen that they are in earnest about 
their work ; if they had a real plow, and were turning over 
the soil, we scarcely think they could enter into the busi- 



up could not obtain. Free from care, they abandon them- 
selves to the happiness of the present, without a thought 
concerning the future. Thus it is in childhood. Children 
take but little, if any, thought for the morrow. Innocent 
and gleeful, they live to-day, and are generally content 
therewith. Men and women who are childlike in their 
dispositions pass through the world with much greater 




ness with any more zeal than they appear to have with 
this forked limb, wliich they are dragging oh tlic ground 
in imitation of a plow. Lool?; at tlie expression which the 
face of tlie little girl has w)io is holding tlie ends, or 
handles of the fork. How pleased she is! Her team, it 
is plain, gives her satisfaction, and lier eyes are directed 
ahead, as though she were very desirous to plow a straight 
furrow. Healthy, rugged ciiildren, they find in this kind 
of play an enjoyment which those more tenderly brought 




ease, and with less annoyance, than those who fret and 
fume, are full of cares and anxieties and who are constant- 
ly liorrowing trouble. 

The plow in the engraving has very little resemblance 
to the steel plows now in common use on every farm. 
But we have seen the native Californians stir up the 
ground for the purpose of putting in crops with plows 
very little better than a forked stick. They looked like 
plows that might have been used hundreds of years ago. 




58 



G" U -V" E ITI L E IlsrSTI^/TJOTOI?. 



mB 



Tliere have been great improvements made in plows 
during tlie past few years. In some places they use gang 
plows, by which a large amount of plowing is done at 
once. These gang plows consist of a number of plows 
drawn abreast. Then there are plows which are drawn by 
steam. Whei'e large districts are to be cultivated these 
are found very valuable in breaking up the land ; but on 
our small farms in this Territory, these, as well as the 
gang plows, would not, as we are now situated, be proftt- 
able. 

We hope the juveniles who read this will profit by the 
example of these little folks, and be as happy and united 
iu their play as they appear to be. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



"V^ri^OTJGHIT-IIE^OISr. 



CIRUDE iron is worthless for making articles of general 
' utility; it is useful as ballast for ships, and in that 
state is sometimes shipped to other countries for manufac- 
ture. But the "pig iron," is the first casting is called, is 
an improvable article; by being freed from its superabun- 
dant carbon, it becomes malleable. To efiect this, the 
oarburetted iron is placed in a reverberating furnace. It is 
called "riverberatory," because the flame is reflected back 
again and again over the molten metal. 

During this process a workman uses a paddle to stir 
about the pasty mass of iron, so as to expose every part to 
the action of tlie flame; this part of the operation is called 
"puddling," during which the carbon unites with oxygen, 
forming gasses that pass on to the chimney and escape. 
Thus the iron is left almost pure; any "slag" is removed, 
also, forming the scoria, or cinder, of the iron-foundry. 
The iron is then txiken out in balls and rolled, or beaten 
wilh hammers, to free it still further from impurities and 
give it compactness. It is generally brought into a state 
of "bar iron" by being passed tlirough rollers, and is then 
marketable; or, ready for being made into steel, if required 
for that purpose. In this state, as a workable iron, it has 
a new name to distinguish it from the crude metal; hav- 
ing been iror/cxl upon, it is called "wrought iron," It is 
very impressive to the mind to visit large iron-works, 
especially at niglit; the sounds caused by immense vol- 
umes of air, from bellows moved by water or steam, pro- 
ducing an indescribable moaning, as the blast surges 
through the furnaces; the heavy blows of huge hammers, 
the work of steam and water, and the noise of machinery 
blended together; men moving about, almost naked, 
grimed with black, with brawny arms guiding enormous 
ladles full of molten metal to the moulds; others taking 
the core from the tapping-bole at the bottom of the fur- 
nace; and liquid metal flowing like a burning river to the 
sand moulds to cool into "i)igs;" the lurid flames, tinted 
with every color but those the eye is accustomed to; alto- 
gether, the senses are bewildered and ajjpalled. 

But there is order there; amid all the din and ajiparent 
confusion, each is busy in working in his own depart- 
ment; when the details of the various operations are 
understood, there is harmony in all. And, think of the 
rosult.s of such operations; our eafions are traversed by 
li>iig lines of iron, ijearing the stately locomotive to our 
mountain home. Distance,^ are forgotten in the facilities 



which iron affords. The telegraph, the locomotive and 
the 'permanent way' as the railway is called, are impos- 
sibilities without iron! 

Iron is found here as ore; at present it has not been seen 
as native iron. Large masses liave been found in some 
parts of tlie world, as pure metalic iron; some may be seen 
in tlie British Museum. 

Here we obtain it in a great variety of forms: as 
"pyrites," (Fe. 2 S.) or sulphuret of iron, in which form 
it sometimes greatly resembles gold. Beautiful and even 
curious forms of pyrites are to be seen in our museum; 
among which the cubic is the most rare. Iron is also 
there as magnetic iron, so called because it is attracted by 
the magnet. Also as specular iron; in this state sulphur 
does not enter into its composition. It is iron and oxygen 
(Fe. 3 O); this is in the form of pet-oxide. Sometimes, 
also, clay is mixed up with iron; in this state it then 
forms a red, brown or yellow earth, called "ochre." It 
then gets various names, red clay ironstone, or red hematite, 
alluding to its blood-red color. Sometimes the earth is 
compact, that is, close in structure; sometimes friable, that 
is easily crumbled. Sometimes water has given to the 
hematite a brown color, by imparting to it 6ne of its 
elements, hydrogen. It is then known as brown hema- 
tite, or brown iron ore, or ironstone. It is a hydrous per- 
oxide (Fe. 3 O. plus H). By a judicious combination of 
various ores ditt'erent kinds of iron may be produced. This 
constitutes the art of iron-makinar; besides which a know- 
ledge of fire clay and the structure of furnaces is neces- 
sary. We hhall now be ready to talk about steel, another 
form of iron in combination with carbon. 

Beth. 



Velocity of Insects' Wings. — The frequency of the 
beats which different species of insects produce during 
flight brings before us curious results. These are the 
numbers for each second: common fly, 330; drone, 240; 
bee, 100; wasp, 110; hawk-moth, 72; dragon-fly, 28; cab- 
bage butterfly, 9. 



LEJLi^i^r j^ 






Little rills make wider streamlets, 

Streamlets swell the river's flow; 
Kiversjoiu ihe ocean billows, 

Onward, onward as tbey go! 
Lite is made of siiialleat fragments, 

Sbade and sunsbiue, work aud play; 
So may we, willi greatest profit, 

Learu a little every day. 

Tiny seeds make boundless harvests. 

Drops of rain compose the showers, 
Secouils make the flying miuutes, 

Anil the miuutes make the hours! 
Let us hasten, then, and catch them, 

As they i]as» us on our way; 
And with honest, true endeavor. 

Learn a little every day. 

Let us read some striking passage, 

Cull a verse from every page; 
Here a line, and there a sentence, 

'Gainst the lonely time of ago; 
At our work, or by the wayside, 

While the sunshine's making bay; 
Thus we may, by help of heaven, 

Learn a little every day ! 



^ 



.^crr^t" 




&^ 



.^ 



Cr TJ "V" E 3^ I H. E in^STE^TJCTOl?/, 



59 



THE LIG-HZTHOTJSEl. 



From "Triumphs of Invention and Discovery.' 
Published by 2'. Nelson & Sons, London. 



SMEATON comnieaced the undertaking by visiting the 
rock in the spring of 175G, aecurutely measuring its 
very irregular surface, and in or.^.er to ensure exactness in 
his plans, making a model of it. In the summer of the 
same year he prepared the foundation by cutting the sur- 
face of the rock in regular steps or trenches, into which 
the blocks of stone were to be dovetailed. The first stone 
was laid in June 1757, and the last in August 1759. Of that 
period there were only 431 days when it was possible to 
stand on the rock, and so small a portion even of these 
was available for carrying on the work, that it is calcu- 
lated the building in reality occupied but six weeks. The 
whole was completed without the slightest accident to any 
one; and so well were all the arrangemejits made, that 
not a minute was lost by confusion or delay amongst the 
workmen. 

The tower measures 86 feet in height, and 26 feet in 
diameter at the level of the first entire course. The first 
twelve feet of the structure form a solid mass of masonry, 
— the blocks of stone being held together by ^eans of 
stone joggles, dovetailed joints, and oaken tree-nails. All 
the floors of the edifice are arched ; to counteract the pos- 
sible outburst of which, Smeaion bound the courses of 
his stone work together by belts of iron chain, which, 
being set in grooves while in the heated state, by the ap- 
plication of hot lead, on cooling, of course, tightened their 
clasp on the tower. Throughout the whole work the 
greatest ingenuity is displayed in obtaining the greatest 
amount of resistance, and combining the two great prin- 
ciples of strength and weight, — technically speaking, 
cohesion and inertia. 

On the 16th October, 1759, the warning light once more, 
after an interval of lour years, shone forth over the trou- 
bled watere from the dangerous rock ; but it was but a 
feeble illumination at the best, for it came from only a 
group of tallow candles. It was better than nothing, cer- 
tainly,- but the exhibition of a few glimmering candles 
was but a paltry conclusion to so stupendous an undertak- 
ing. For many years, however, no stronger light gleamed 
from the tower, till, in 1807, when it passed from the 
hands of jirivate proprietors into the charge of the Trinity 
House, the mutton dips were supplanted by Argand 
burners, with silvered copper reflectors. 

Imperfect, however, as used to be the lighting apparatus, 
the Eddystone Beacon has always been a great boon to all 
those "that go down to the sea in great ships," and has 
robbed these perilous waters of much of their terror. We 
can readily sympathise with the exultation of the great 
engineer who reared it, when standing on the Hoe at 
Plymouth, he spent many an hour, with his telescope, 
watching the great swollen waves, in powerless fury, 
dash against his tower, and "fly up in a white column, 
enwrapping it like a sheet, rising at the least to double 
the height of the tower, and totally intercepting it from 
sight." It is now more than a hundred years since 
Smeaton's Lighthouse first rose upon the Eddystone; but, 
ill spite of the many furious storms which have put its 
stability to rude and searching proof, it still lifts its head 
proudly over the waves, and shows no signs of failing 
strength. 

The Inch Cape, or Bell Bock, is a long, narrow reef on 
the east coast of Scotland, at the mouth of the Frith of 
Tay, and some dozen miles from the nearest land. At 
high water the whole ledge is buried out of sight; and 
even at the ebb the highest part of it is only three or four 
feet out of the water. In the days of old, as the tradition 




goes, one of the abbots of Arbroath, among many good 
works, exhibited his piety and humanity by placing upon 
a float attached to the perilous reef a large beU, so sus- 
pended as to be tolled by the rising and falling of the 
waves. 

"On a buoy, in the storm it floated and swung, 

And over the waves its warning rung." 

Many a storm-tossed mariner heard the friendly knell 
that warned him of the nearness of the fatal rock, and 
changed his course before it was too late, with blessings on 
the good old monk who had hung up the bell ; but after 
some years, one of the pirates who infested the coast cut it 
down in wanton cruelty, and was one of the first who 
sufTered from the loss. Not long after, he perished upon 
this very rock, which a dense fog shrouded from sight, 
and no bell gave timely warning of. 

"And even in bis dying fear, 
One dread lul sound did the rover hear; 
A sound as if with the Inch Cape Bell, 
The devil below was ringing his knell." 

After the lapse of many years, two attempts were made 
to raise a beacon of spars upon the rock ; but one after 
the other they fell a prey to the angry waves, and were 
hardly set up before they disappeared. It was not till the 
beginning of the century that the Commissioners of 
Northern Lighthouses took up the idea of erecting a light- 
house on this reef, the most dangerous on all the coast. 
Several years elapsed before tliey got the sanction of 
Parliament to the undertaking, and 1807 arrived before it 
was actually entered upon. 

Mr. Robert Stevenson, to whom the work was intrusted 
as engineer, had from a very early age been employed in 
connection with lighthouses. He went almost directly 
from school to the oflice of Mr. Thomas Sm'th, of Edin- 
burgh, and when that gentlemen was appointed engineer 
to the Northern I;ighthouse Commissioners, became his 
assistant, and afterwards successor. When only nineteen, 
Mr. Stevenson superintended the construction of the 
lighthouse on the island of Little Cumbray; and during 
the time he was engineer to the Commissioners, which 
post he held till 1842, he erected no fewer than forty-two 
lighthouses, and introduced a great many valuable im- 
provements into the system. His reputation, however, 
will be chiefly perpetuated as the architect of the Bell 
Rock Lighthouse. 

On the 17th August, 1807, Mr. Stevenson and his men 
landed 07i the rock, to the astonishment and discomposure 
of the seals, who had, from time immemorial, been in un- 
disturbed possession of it, and now floundered off" into the 
water on the approach of the usurpers. The workmen at 
once set about preparing the rock for the erection of a 
temporary pyramid on which a barrack-house was to be 
placed for the reception of the workmen. They could only 
work on the rock for a few hours at spring-tide. As soon 
as the flood-tide began to rise around them, putting out 
the fire of the smith's forge, and gradually covering the 
rock, they had to gather up their tools and retreat to a 
floating barrack moored at a considerable distance, in 
order to reach which they had to row in small boats to the 
tender, by which they were then conveyed to their quar- 
ters. The operations of this first season were particularly 
trying to the mm, on account of their having to row back- 
wards and forwards between the rock and the tender at 
every tide, which in rough weather was a very heavy 
pull, and having often after that to work on the rock knee 
deep in water, only quitting it for the boats when abso- 
lutely compelled by the swelling waves. Sometimes the 
sea would be so fierce for days together that no boat could 
live in it, and the men had, therefore, to remain cooped 
up wearily on board the floating barrack. 
{To be continued.) 







T TJ ^ El :tTI L El IIsrSTIS/TJOTOI?.. 



H 



^1$ iafi^tiil^ iit^ltiaclaiJ^ 



^ 



CEORCE Q. CANNON • - EDITOR. 

SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1870. 
EIDITOK.I.^Ij THIOTJO-IiTS- 





HE love whicli many poople have iu these 
da3's for gold and silver, and the pains 
they take to dig them, reminds us of a 
stoiy of an ancient prince. He was very 
rich; but he was not content with what he 
had. He wanted more, and he kept his 
subjects always working in the gold and 
silver mines which he had in his country. 
When he was absent from home on one 
occasion, they went with tears in their eyes, to 
the princess, his wife, and laid their complaints 
before her, and begged her assistance. She was 
touched by then- words, and she took a course 
V>^(>3*' <■ to convince her husband of his injustice and 
^ ^^j, foil}'. On his return home, she ordered a splendid feast 
" to be prei)ared for him. It looked rich and magnifi- 
cent ; but it was .so only in looks. The dishes and all 
the cups and every vessel on the table were of gold 
and silver ; yet there was very little food. So little was there 
to eat that the prince could not satisfy his hunger. It made 
him think. He saw the princess had an object in preparing 
such a feast, and he was not long in finding out what that was. 
The lesson was not lost upon him. He began to consider that 
the end of gold and silver was not merely to be looked upon, 
but to be employed and made use of; and that to neglect, 
as he had done, the tilling of the land, and to make the people 
dig in the mines, was the direct way to bring a famine both 
ui)on himself and his country. 

Gold and silver arc very good in their place ; but there are 
many other articles which are of more use to man than either 
of them. Nations can live without them ; but there are 
other things which they cannot live without. They must have 
food. A man, if he had a solid mountain of gold or silver, 
would still be very poor if he had nothing to eat. When he 
got hungrj', he would give it all for a little bread, if he could 
not get it without. 

Which, then, is the mo.st wise for the Latter-day Saints to 
do? to hunt for and dig gold and silver, or to dig the ground 
and jilant .=eeds and raise fo(jd and make clothing ? When we 
came here, if we had gone to mining instead of raising food, we 
should either have been forced to leave and go to some other 
country or have died of hunger. If men will raise wheat, 
com, oats, potatoes, fruifc- and vegetables, they need never 
go hungrj'. If they raise wool, cotton and flax, they can have 
clothing. And when they have plenty of these articles, they 
can get the gold and the silver without digging them. This is 
the best way fijr a peoi^le to get rich and have all they want. 

Remember this, boys, and do not think, as many do, that 
gold atid silver arc all that are needed to make wealth. 
These precious metals arc oidy used to represent wealth. If 
nations would say wc will make our money out of iron, or 
some other metal, or even out of paper, it would be called 
money a.s gold and silver i.s now. Anything else would an- 
swer a.s well, if it were only as scarce and difficult to obt^iin as 
gold and silver. This is the f)bjection to having money made 
of iron, fojipcr and such metals as arc common ; they are too 
easily obtained. 



WHEN this valley was settled, the brethren who were in the 
"Mormon Battalion" brought with them, when they 
came here from California, numbers of California horses, and 
they soon became very numerous. As many of our readers 
well know, this breed does not produce large horses; but for 
endtu'ance as riding horses, they are far superior to the ordi- 
nary American horse. The feats of riding which the young 
men performed on them in those days, were very surprising, 
because in the States it was not common to ride such distances, 
or to find horses who Could carry a man so fitr, These Cali- 
fornia horses are descendants of the horses brought to this 
continent by the Spaniards, and the original stock is famous 
for its fine qualities. In California they have been left to run 
wild, and breed as they please, and with bad results. 

There is a branch of the same family in Algeiia, which the 
Arabs who inhabit that country have kept pure and value very 
highly. A French general has made a report concerning these 
horses, which has been published with the approval of the 
French Minister of AVar. This General says, that in time of 
war, horses in that country frequently traveled, under the 
saddle, from one hundred and fifty to one hundred and eighty 
miles in twent.y-four hoiu's; and if there was a battle the next 
day, these same horses were able to take part in it. He relates 
one instance of a favorite mare, which the tribe had selected 
to be given to the Sultan, being riden by the son of its owner, 
two hundred and forty miles within twenty-four hours! Dur- 
ing that time it drank but once, and ate nothing but the leaves 
of a date-palm! This General says the young man swore to 
him that he could have traveled one hundred and thirty-five 
miles fiirther if his life had been in peril. These accounts of 
what Arab horses are capable of performing are very wonder- 
ful; but we believe they are true. 



Sagacity of a Horse. — Au Ohio paper tells the fol- 
lowing good horse story, which we can easily believe true, 
as a horse might readily become accustomed to going to a 
blacksmith's to be shod, and so go of his own accord under 
the circumstances described: An old family horse that had 
been running at will through the streets and commons, 
lost one of his shoes, when, with the intelligence of a 
human being, the old horse walked up to the blacksmith's 
shop where he had been shod for the last twenty years, 
and, to the best of his ability, asked the smitli to shoe 
him, by raising his foot and stamping the ground. The 
smith being busy, drove liiin away several times during 
the day, and tliought nothing of it. The following morn- 
ing, on going to the shop, he found the old horse at the 
door; again he drove him off, but the horse came back, 
and entering the shop, walked up to tlie anvil, and there 
raised his foot, thus attracting the particular notice of the 
smith, wlio examined the foot, and finding it worn oflf to 
the "quick," kindly picked up an old horse shoe, and 
fitting it :;o his foot, nailed it on; when tlie grateful ani- 
mal, frisking his tail by way of thanks, trotted off con- 
tentedly. — Selected. 



iisr THE ivnoK>iTiJs[:c3-. 



The sun ia up ; and its cheerful rays 
Shine, all thing.s round adorning. 

A sluggard is he in bed who stays: 
Like the sun let us rise in the morning. 

The silv'ry brooklet goes purling past, 
All bright in the early dawning; 

It seems to run onward twice as fast: 
Like the brook, let us run in the morning. 

The thrifty wild bees are flying out, 

All sloth and slumber sooriiiiig; 
O'er fiolil and garden they're humming about 

Like the bee, let us work iu the moruing. 





JTJ^EII^ILE insrSTI^TJOTOI?/. 



61 



TECE SJL.:E^J^:Ei.A^. 






ALMOST the whole of the northern portion of Africa, 
from the river Nile to the Atlantic ocean, except a 
strip of land between the Mediterranean sea and the Atlas 
mountains, is one vast desert. For three thousand miles 
from east to west, and one thousand miles from north to 
south, this vast track of dry, hot, shifting sand, extends in 
dreary, naked sameness. In its midst are to be found no 
busy towns, no pleasant farms, no beautiful lakes of fresh 
and sparkling water, no swift rivers coursing to the sea; 
nothing but the same parched sea of sand stretching as 
far as the eye can reacli in every direction. This vast arid 
plain you will find marked on your map as the Sahara, or 
Great Desert. 

The Sahara is, indeed, the most remarkable, as it is also 
by far the largest desert in the world. The causes of its 
barrenness we will try to explain." In the first place, want 
of water. 
The soil is 
almost e n- 
tirely com- 
pos e d of 
sand, here 
and there 
largel y i n- 
term i xed 
with salt. 
Such a soil, 
without ir- 
rigation o r 
rain, will 
produce but 
little, rt 
cannot be 
irri gated 
because 
there are 
no rivers 
nor large 
streams,aud 
there is no 
rainfall. 
The reasons 
why there 
is no rain- 
fall are these. The prevailing winds are from the east, 
which pass over the dry region of Arabia, and then over 
the narrow Red Sea. Should they collect any moisture in 
passing over this strip of water, it is intercepted, or ab- 
sorbed by the Egyptian hills. The north winds from the 
Mediterranean sea, in like manner, deposit their moisture 
In the Atlas mountains, so both these winds are di-y when 
they reach the Great Desert. 

The country being so hot, no snow accumulates on the 
mountains in winter to form streams of fresh water in 
summer time; in fact, except on the borders of the desert, 
there are no mountains, the desert itself being one uniform 
plain, about a thousand or fifteen hundred feet above the 
level of the sea, "and presents but few elevations which 
would condense the moisture of the most humid winds." 
In other words, no matter how much water may be in the 
air or clouds above, there is nothing in the desert to 
attract the moisture to the earth in the form of rain. 
For you doubtless have learned, that hills, mountains, 
forests, groves, and large cities apparently draw the 
clouds towards them, and cause them to dVcharge the 
moisture they contain upon the earth; and as we have 
just told you, the great desert can boast of few it any of 
these throughout its wide extent. 




Should anj* little moisture be wafted towards the desert 
from the Atlantic ocean or Mediterranean sea, it is at 
once dissipated by the intense heat from the sand; that is 
to say, it is so hot and dry that it at once absorbs any 
moisture that may arise from those waters. There are, 
however, through its vast extent, a few small verdant 
spots, where, beside some well or fountain, a few date 
trees grow, whilst lions, panthers, serpents, ostriches and 
gazelles abound within their shades. Tliese fruitful spots 
are termed oases, and are sometimes large enough to pro- 
vide water enough for a few Arab inhabitants, while 
others merely furnish springs for the refreshment of 
travelers. 

"Of travelers!" you may say; "what do travelers do 
there? What can they want in such a dreary wilderness?" 
Tlie desert is, however, crossed at various points by Arab 
traders, who traverse it to convey the productions of the 
counties bordering on it to market. Gums, dates and salt 

are the chief 
products of 
the desert 
itself that 
can be made 
into mer- 
ch andise; 
ostrich 
feathers 
also are 
highly 
val u e d i n 
j=l commerce, 
as o r n a- 
ments for 
^^^a ladies' head 
dresses &c. 
It would be 
impossi b 1 e 
to traverse 
this desert, 
were it not 
for the 
camel, apt- 
ly termed 
"the ship of 
the desert;" 
for no other 

beasts of burden can continue so many days without 
water, and live. But these useful beasts will trudge day 
after day in the burning sun, with a heavy burden on 
their backs without a drop of water to relieve their thirst. 
Indeed for a long time they do not become thirsty, owing 
to their stomachs being so formed by our Great Creator, 
that they can take a large supply in at a time and hold 
it in their stomach for use. We have here a fine picture 
of this useful animal and its Arab rider, crossing the 
desert in the neighborhood of the Egyptian pyramids; 
probably a Bedouin on a scouting expedition, on the look 
out for a caravan. The Arabs who infest certain portions 
of tlie Sahara live by robbery. To avoid their attacks, 
an I or mutual protection, traders generally travel in large 
companies called caravans. These sometimes number as 
many as two thousand persons, all well armed. But the 
Bedouin Arab is not the most dreaded scourge, that af- 
flicts the traveler on the desert. It is neither man nor 
beast that the adventurous trader fears, but the terrible 
simoon, or whirlwind of sand which sometimes suffocates 
both men and camels, and occasionally buries whole cara- 
vans. 
We can well imagine the dangers and trialsof a journey 





a"U"V E! 3Sr I L E I2<rSTIS.TJOTOI2., 



■^o^i 



across this trackless desert. The blazing sun above, the 
glaring sand below, the eternal sameness of the scenery, 
the parching atmosphere, the scarcity of water and the 
fears of robbers; to which add the horrors of the simoon, 
and few- places can be thought of more undesirable than 
this. The camels are generally the first to notice the ap- 
proach of thirf death-dealing wind, and by strange noises 
give frequent expression to their fears and anxieties. The 
weather is more than usually sultry and oppressive, the 
journey more than usually wearisome. A small dark 
cloud touching the earth appears in the distance, which is 
rapidly whirled towards the travelers. It increases as it 
travels and soon proves to be one dense cloud of sand, ever 
increasing as it passes along. The camels turn their backs 
to it.and hide their h€ads in the sand. The men dismount, 
throw themselves on the ground under the shelter of the 
camels' huge sides, and placing their faces in their hands, 
anxiously await the passage of the storm. In a few mo- 
menta it is on them, and has passed. They rise, half suf- 
focated with sand and hot uir, thankful for having escaped, 
or are buried under the vast masses of sand while the 
"wild wind whirls a long," never to rise again in life. 
Such is one of the terrors of the Desert. 

Another dreaded calamity is the loss of the usual scanty 
supply of water, by the drying up of the springs, in un- 
usually hot weather. When men have travelled for 
several days eking out in small rations their scant supply 
of water, counting the hours it will take them to reach 
the desired oasis, before their small supply gives out, it is 
next to certain death to find, instead of the expected cool- 
ing stream, the dried up well. There is but one resource, 
and that is to slay some of their camels, and take out the 
water, should any remain, they have in their natural 
reservoirs, and then in the greatest haste journey to the 
next spring. 

We will close our article with an anecdote of the Camel, 
told by a recent traveler through the Arabian deserts. 

"The tamper of the camel is in general not very amiable. 
1. i-i unwilling, jealous, and revengeful to the last degree. 
Of this latter quality curious tales are told; one, wnich 
was fully believed by the Arab that narrated it to me, was 
as follows: A certain camel driver had bitterly insulted 
that is, thrashed in some ignominious way, the animal 
under his charge. The camel showed a disposition to 
resent, but the driver knowing from the expression of its 
eye what was passing within, kept on the alert for several 
days. One night he had retired for safety inside his tent, 
leaving his striped abbaya or cloak spread over the wooden 
saddle of the camel outside the tent. 

"During the night he heard the camel approach the ob- 
ject, and after satisfying himself by smell or otherwise 
that it Wiis his master's cloak, and believing that the said 
master \vas a,«leep beneath it, he lay down and rolled him- 
self backwards and forwards over the cloak, evidently 
much gratified by the crashing and smashing of the saddle 
under his weight, and fully persuaded that the bones of 
his master were broken to pieces. After a time he arose, 
contemplated with great contentment the disordered mass! 
"Next morning, at the usual hour for loading the 
master, who had from the interior of his tent heard' this 
agreeable process going on, presented himself to the camel. 
The disapi>ointed animal was in su<li a rage, said my in- 
foimant, on seeing his master safe before him, that he 
broke his heart, and died on the s|X)t." G.R. 



^j^ C4oor) manners is the art of making those people easy with 
jSg wlif.m we converse. Whoever niukes the fewest persons 
{^'A uneasy, is the best bred in the company.— ^'efcc^cf/. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



1= I?, o i^ h: E T . 



THIE 




N vain did Joseph remonstrate against 
the Illegal and tyrannical mittimus 
which Robert F. Smith had issued. 
The constable was obdurate; he insist- 
ed that they should go to jail. Lawyer 
Woods requested the officer to wait 
until he could see Governor Ford. He 
saw Ford ; but the latter did not think 
he had any power in the case ; he could 
not, he said, interrupt a civil officer in 
the discharge of his duty. Elder John 
Taylor also went to the Governor, and spoke 
very plainly to him about this outrageous 
proceeding, and the character of the parties 
who had made the oath upon which Joseph 
and Hyrum were arrested. He reminded him 
of the solemn promises he had made to him and 
Dr. Bernhisel; that they had relied on his faith 
and had a right to expect him to fulfil his 
pledges, as they had placed themselves without a guard 
or arms under his care, and had complied with all his 
requests. He told him that if they were to be subject to 
mob rule, and to be dragged contrary to law to prison at 
the instance of every scoundrel whose oath could be 
bought for a little whiskey, his protection was of no avail 
and his promises were not to be relied upon. 

All that he could say had no etTect in moving Ford. He 
was willing to detail a guard, if the prisoners required it, 
but he would not interfere with the officer. The fact is 
Ford was acting as the willing tool of the mob, and he 
dared not fulfil the pledges which he had made to Joseph 
and the other brethren. If he had been a true man, he 
would have taken measures to check Captain Smith ; for 
his conduct was clearly illegal ; and Ford, as a lawyer and 
an ex-Judge, must have known it. There was no law of 
Illinois which permitted a justice ot the peace to commit 
persons charged with crimes to jail, without first examin- 
ing them as to their guilt. There being no law to justify 
Smith in his conduct, the Governor of the State, having 
pledged his own honor and the honor of the State that they 
should be protected, had the right to interfere. If Smith 
committed them to jail because he was a military officer, 
then also the Governor could with propriety step forward 
and forbid such action ; for he was the Commander-in- 
Chief, and Smith was under his command. In either 
case, therefore, he had the authority to prevent this foul 
wrong and breach of the law— this breaking of his own 
faith and the faith of the State. But he utterly failed in 
his duty and covered himself and the State, whose chief 
officer he was, with eternal dishonor. 

At the re(|uest of Elder John Taylor, Captain Dunn, 
with some twenty men, guarded the prisoners to the jail. 
Besides Joseph and Hyrum, there were Willard Richards, 
John Taylor, John P. Greene, Stephen IMarkham, Dan 
Jones, John S. Fullmer, Dr. Southwick and Tiorcnzo D. 
Wasson, who went to the jail. Brothers Markham and 
Jones had walking canes, and they marched on each side 
of Josei)h and Hyrum, and ktpt olV the drunken rabble, 
who several times broke through the ranks. Mr. George 
W. Stigall was the jailor. He put them into the criminals' 
cell ; but afterwards he gave them the debtors' apartment. 



^ 



% 




j1» 
5^ 



^^ 



J" TJ "V^ E 3^ 1 31. E] II^STK/TJOTOI^. 




The evening was spent most pleasantly in conversation 
on various interesting sulijects. Before retiring, prayer 
was offered, which, to use the language of Joseph's his" 
tory, made Carthage prison into the gate of heaven for 
awhile. They laid down on the floor, where thej slept 
from half past eleven until six o'clock ou the morning of 
the 26th. 

In the morning, Joseph wrote Ford a letter, requesting 
an interview. He informed him that they had been com- 
mitted under a false mittimus, and that, therefore, the 
proceedings were illegal. Ford sent word back that he 
Would come and see Joseph as soon as he could. In the 
meantime, lawyer Rcid and others came to the jail, 
and, after investigating the merits of the case, concluded 
to have it changed for trial from Justice or Captain Smith 
to a Justice Greenleaf, of Augusta, in the same county. 
Aftt^rwards Governor Ford, accompanied by Colonel 
Goddes, arrived at the jail, and a lengthy conversation 
was entered into in relation to the troubles. Joseph, at the 
Governor's request, gave him a general outline of the ditfi- 
culties and their origin. Ford could not gainsay what he 
said, and had to acknowledge that there was a great 
amountof truth in it, and that his reasoning was plausible. 
Joseph told him he looked to him for protection ; that he 
undei-stood he talked of going to Nauvoo, and if he did, 
he wished to go too, for he did not consider himself safe 
where he was. To this the Governor replied that he was 
in hopes that he would be acquitted ; but if he went, he 
would certainly take Joseph with him. He again re- 
peated, however, that he could not interfere with the law. 
In answer to which Joseph said that he a.sked nothing 
but what was legal ; that he had a right to expect protec- 
tion, at least from him; for, independent of law, he had 
pledged his faith and that ot the State for his protection, 
and he wished to go to Nauvoo. The Governor said that 
he should have protection. He did not, he added, make 
that promise without consulting his officers, who all 
pledged their honor to its fulflllmeut. 

Would you think that a man holding the rank of Gover- 
nor when talking so fairly and making such promises, was 
telling base falsehoods? Still, this was the case, if we can 
believe the sworn testimony of truthful men! He repeat- 
ed to Joseijh in the jail, what he had said before, that he 
should have protection. Yet he had scarcely got back to 
the hotel from his visit to the jail, when Brother Alfred 
Randall heard a soldier tell him, as he stood by tlie fence, 
that "the soldiers are determined to see Joe Smith dead be- 
fore they leave herc.^^ And Ford replied. "If you know of 
any such thing, keep it to yourself." Brother Jonathan C. 
Wright also had a conversation with two gentlemen. Col. 
Enoch C. March and Geo. T. M. Davis, Esq., editor of the 
Alton Telegraph, who had just arrived from Carthage. 
They told him that it was decided to kill Joseph, and tliat 
Brother Wright would never see him alive again; and 
moreover, one of them — Colonel March — said tliat Ford 
had asked him whether it was best for him to give the 
people of Carthage the permission to march to Nauvoo 
and kill the p2ople and burn the city. Tliat he had plead 
with him not to do tliat, as he now had the principal men 
under his own control, and they were all he wanted. 
When they were out of the wa.y tlie thing would be set- 
tled and the people would be satisfied, and that was the 
easiest way he could dispose of it. This meant, if it 
meant anything, to kill them. Governor Ford concluded 
that was the best policy. This conversation passed be- 
tween Brother Wright and these men at Nauvoo ou the 
same day that Ford visited Joseph and the brethren in 
prison. So he must have known on that occasion, wlieii 
he again promised Joseph protection, that the plot was 
arranged to murder him. 

(To be continued.) 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 



SHORTLY after we moved into the house of Nalimanui, 
I was called by letter to go up to Honolulu. The pres- 
ident of the mission's partner had concluded to return 
home, and I was requested to remove to Honolulu to act 
in his place. This was unexpected^ news to me, and my 
parting from my companions was nearly as painful as 
leaving home had been. Besides the elder of whose pro- 
posed departure I had heard, I found two othera— to whom 
the island of Kauai had fallen as a Held of labor— there 
and ready to return home. There were but few whites on 
that island, and to them they had preached, but had re- 
ceived no encouragement. They had writen to the presi- 
dent of the mission, describing the situation of affairs, 
and he had counseled them to come to Honolulu. The 
idea of leaving the Islands, because there were not enough 
white men to preach the gospel to, was so foreign to the 
minds of my companions on Maui, and myself, that when 
I heard these elders were there with the intention of re- 
turning home, I was surprised. 

I did not conceal my feelings from them; I told them 
that I could not go home under existing circumstances, 
without feeling condemned. The Lord, in my opinion, I 
said, would hold me accountable for not doing my duty to 
that people, if I were to leave them; and the people might 
rise up in judgment against me at some future day, for 
not giving them the privilege of hearing the truth. My 
prayer was that the time might speedily come when all 
should know the Lord, and when his knowledge would 
cover ;he earth as the waters covered the deep; and I 
believed in uniting works and faith. It would sound 
badly for ten elders to be sent out to the islands by Elder 
C. C. Rich, one of the Twelve Apostles, to preach and to 
act as the Spirit and circumstances might dictate; and 
when we found there were not whites that would receive 
us, turn round and go home, and leave a whole nation to 
welter in ignorance, because he did not happen to tell us 
tliat we were to preach to them in their tongue. Much 
more in this strain I was led to say, which it is not neces- 
sary to repeat here. 

Brother Whittle had been told by Elder Rich that he 
could return home after filling a short mission. The pre- 
sident of the mission had done all the preaching at the 
meetings they had held, and had not even given him an 
opportunity to bear his testimony. His position had been, 
and still was, unpleasant; and he saw no way to remedy 
it. If he couM do any good, he was willing to stay ; but 
he thought that, under his circumstances, it was useless. 
Brother William Farrer, one of the elders who had been 
laboring on Kauai, made up his mind that he would not 
return home; but stop and devote himself, to acquiring 
the language. But his partner would not stop. He was 
bent upon returning. Being an intimate acquaintance, I 
talked freely with him upon the subject. He would go 
home, he said, and gladly take a mission to Europe if he 
should be appointed; but to labor there he could not with 
any pleasure. Besides, he was an old bachelor, he added, 
and he ought to be married, and he would return home 
and take him a wife. He did return home ; but, poor fel- 
low, he never oljtained a wife. Sometime after his return, 
he, with some other brethren, left the city, to go to Par- 
ley's Park for lumber. On their return they were am- 
bushed by Indians, and he w.as killed. 

I often asked myself after hearing of his death, would 
it not have been better for him to have remained'.' for if he 
had, I believe he would have still been living, 
{To be continued.) 





t^ 64 



Cr TJ "V" E 3Sr I L E insrSTI^TJOTOI?. 




THE BTJTTEIR XjIOJST. 

In the beautiful land of Italy lived a boy whose name 
was Antonio Canova. His home was with his grand- 
father, who was a stone-cutter. They were poor but not 
in actual want. 

The old man was fond of Antonio, and treated him very 
kindly. His hopes centered in this boy, and he meant to 
do all that lay in his power to provide for his future. He 
planned to have him a master stone-cutter, and with this 
view had taught him drawing. 

This pleased Antonio, and he soon showed a decided 
taste and ability. He began modelling birds and flowei-s in 
clay, and succeeded so well as to delight his old grand- 
father. Ah! in his future lay something beyond a stone- 
cutter's calling. 

One day a nobleman, who was about to give a dinner- 
party, sent an order for some table ornament. He did not 
specify what it should be, but wanted something new. 
There was but little time, and the old man tried in vain 
to think of anything. Antonio saw that he was anxious 
and troubled, and said to him: 

"I think I can please him. Let me have some good 
hard butter, and I will make a lion." 

"That is a good idea," said grandpa, cheerfully, and he 
sent at once for the butter. 

Antonio went to work with a will. Soon a lion's head 
looks out from the gold-colored ma.ss, then the mane rip- 
ples over the shoulder, the body and limbs are carefully 
rounded, and the old man looks on with delight. 

When sent to the nobleman's table, the lion attracted a 
good deal of attention, and the guests, on being told that 
it was the work of a boy, desired to see him. Antonio was 
sent for, and they were as much pleased with him as his 
work. His manners were courteous and pleasant, and 
though pleased with their praise, he was modest and re- 
tiring. 

The nobleman, whose name was Faliero, finding he had 
genuine talent, provided instruction for him, and proved 
a kind friend. 

With this aid, and an earnest, patient., faithful striving 
to do his best, he became a world-renowneU sculptor. Is 
it not likely that many a time, when working long and 
patiently, chisel in hand and marble before him, his 
thoughts went back to the little image in butter that 
delighted his ol J grandfather, and that, well and faithfully 
wrought, was his stepping stone to all his after success?— 
Selected. 



Old Bread. — A curious discovery has just been made 
at Pompeii. In a house in course of excavation, an oven 
was found closed with an iron door, on opening which a 
batch of eighty-one loaves, put in nearly 1800 years ago, 
and now somewhat overbaked, was discovered, and even 
the large iron shovel with which they were neatly laid in 
rows. The loaves were but slightly overbaked by the 
lava heat, having been protected by a quantity of ashes 
covering the door. There is no baker's mark on the 
loaves ; they are circular, about nine inches in diameter, 
rather flat, and indented (evidently with the baker's 
elbow) in the centre, and are slightly raised at the sides; 
and divided by deep lines, radiating form the centre into 
eight segments. They are now of a deep brown color, and 
hard but very light. In the same shop were found 561 
bronze and 52 silver coins. A mill with a great quantity 
of corn in excellent preservation, has also been discover- 
ed. — Selected. 



Chinese Pkovision Shops. — How nice it is to take a 
look at a meat stall in the markets of any of the cities of 
the United States — such delicious mutton, rounds of beef, 
sugar-coated hams, plump chickens and turkej-s, lying on 
marble tables. >Jow look into a Chinaman's shop. Here 
also we see good mutton, joints of beef, young pigs and 
tender chickens, and in addition we see four puppies in 
this one stall before us. They have been fattened for the 
market, dressed by scalding, just as young pigs are pre- 
pared for the market. A platter is filled with frogs' heads. 
Upon another plate we see the intestines of a chicken, on 
another the entrails of a fish. In a tub by the door are 
thousands of young eels not much larger than mud worms, 
alive and squirming, and here comes a man with two 
baskets, hanging from a bamboo over his shoulder; in one 
of them are two old cats, in the other four pretty little 
kittens, one of them black, the others gray. This man 
has no rats on hand to-day, but they are lo be had in the 
market. All of these are for eating. Thousands of the 
people in Canton think themselves well off if they can 
have a puppy cutlet or rat pie. — Selected. 




Peksevebance not only goes far to insure success, bu* 
also obtains honors for those v. ho, although the least 
fortunate, have been the most diligent. — Selected. 



Idleness never can secure tranquility. — Selected. 



[For the Juvenile Instructor. 

rigittal $u$|pg» 



^ 



SI=K.Z2Sr(3-. 



Spring is fast approaching, 
The birds begin to sing, 
The busy bees and butterflies, 
Will soon be ou the wing. 

The sun it shines so brightly. 
And all things look so fresh ; 
The fields will soon be covered o'er 
With a bright green velvet dress; 

The buds are bursting open, 
And spreading out tbeir leaves, 
The blossoms soon will follow 
Upon the fruitful trees. 

The birds they sing so sweetly. 
In this the time of spring, 
And they fly from tree to tree 
With a light, unwearied wing. 

How many are the blessings. 
This season always brings! 
For all these things are tokens 
Of sweet and lovely spring, 

Esther Silcook. 
South Jordan, March 30th, 1870. 

CTTJ'VEISrinLE I3SrSTI?.TJCTOI^ 

Is published in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, 
EVERY OTHER SATURDAY. 



CEORCE Q. CANNON, EDITOR &. PUBLISHER. 



Single Copy, per Annum $3 00. 

Single Copy, for Siz Months 1 50. 

*»- Orain brniif;lit to this City for the .Ii'VF.Nir.F iNSTRUfTOR will be 
received at the office of our paper— Dkskhet News Buildijjus. 



:y 



I 



